scene_heading: THE POWER OF ONE
scene_heading: Written by ROBERT MARK KAMEN
text: Based on the Novel by BRYCE COURTENAY
dialog: February 1990 Draft
speaker_heading: FOR EDUCATIONAL
scene_heading: PURPOSES ONLY
dialog: Copyright © 1990 Warner Bros.
dialog: 2.
scene_heading: THE POWER OF ONE
dialog: What if the power of one becomes the
dialog: power of many and the power of many
dialog: becomes the power of one?
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: 1 EXT. SOUTH AFRICAN FARM - DAY (1939) 1
text: A white car sits in the yard of the farmhouse. On the
text: door, a decal: "CAPETOWN SANITORIUM." Two men dressed
text: in the white uniforms of the sanitorium exit the farm-
text: house; one gently guiding a rather frail, troubled
text: woman toward the car; the other totes her suitcase.
text: The V.O. of a young man narrates:
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN (V.O.)
dialog: There comes a time in everyone's
dialog: life when they discover that the
dialog: only person you can truly depend
dialog: on is yourself. That the only
dialog: real power anyone has to get
dialog: anything done is the power of one.
dialog: With any luck you can make it
dialog: through a lot of years before you
dialog: ever have to face the reality of
dialog: that fact.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: It was a luxury I never had. I
dialog: discovered it the year my mother
dialog: had her nervous breakdown.
text: One attendant holds the rear door of the car open for
text: the woman. Before entering, she turns one last time
text: toward the farmhouse.
speaker_heading: 2 HER POV 2
text: A young BOY looking one part scared, one part sad, and
text: one part lost stares back at her, his hand held by a
text: large, amiable black woman with tears rolling down her
text: round cheeks.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN (V.O.)
dialog: I was all of six.
dialog: 3.
scene_heading: 3 BACK TO SCENE 3
text: The woman enters the car. The car drives off down the
text: road. The Boy watches it disappear behind a plume of
text: swirling dust.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN (V.O.)
dialog: My father died before I was born,
dialog: and even though I was raised by
dialog: my Zulu nanny, with my mother,
dialog: depending on her health, in
dialog: nominal attendance, it was
dialog: decided, with her departure, that
dialog: I, too, would depart...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: ... for boarding school.
text: The dust the Boy has been watching reverses itself.
text: An unseen vehicle comes up the road.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN (V.O.)
dialog: But before I could be sent out
dialog: into the world one very serious
dialog: matter had to be dealt with.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I was a chronic bedwetter. Since
dialog: my nanny was the one responsible
dialog: for my well-being, she did what
dialog: any responsible Zulu mother would
dialog: do. She called on the greatest
dialog: medicine man of her tribe --
dialog: Inkosi Inkosikazi.
text: Out of the dust a large black Buick ROADMASTER ROARS up
text: the road and into the yard, scattering chickens and
text: geese, stopping in front of the wide-eyed six-year-old
text: and his tremulous nanny. A huge Zulu jumps out of the
text: front passenger seat and opens the rear door. A moment
text: passes, and then two splayed, cracked feet descend from
text: the car and settle into the dust. INKOSI INKOSIKAZI,
text: 100 years old, small, black, wizened, hair and beard
text: whiter than cotton, a leopard skin draped over his
text: shoulders, a beaded fly switch in one hand, a trussed
text: chicken in the other, exits the car.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 4 EXT. YARD - NIGHT 4
text: A fire burns bright in the black African night. The Boy
text: sits holding the chicken, close by the fire, while Inkosi
text: Inkosikazi shuffles around him, drawing a circle in the
text: dust with a stick.
dialog: 4.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN (V.O.)
dialog: Legend had it that Inkosi
dialog: Inkosikazi was the last son of
dialog: the great Zulu king, Dingaan,
dialog: who fought both the Boers and
dialog: the British to a standstill
dialog: nearly 100 years before, and the
dialog: night Inkosi Inkosikazi was
dialog: conceived stars fell from the
text: sky until the sun rose.
text: The circle complete, the old man sits down opposite the
text: Boy. From a leather pouch he produces several bones. He
text: throws the bones on the ground and studies them for a
text: moment. He begins to wave the fly switch back and forth
text: in front of the Boy's eyes, chanting low, softly. The
text: Boy's eyes grow heavy; his lids droop.
scene_heading: 5 DREAM - EXT. WATERFALL 5
text: The Boy and the old man are standing above a great
text: waterfall. In the swirling pool far below are ten
text: stepping stones linking one bank to the other.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN (V.O.)
dialog: The medicine man instructed me to
text: jump off the falls and climb along
dialog: the ten stepping stones, counting
dialog: as I went until I reached dry
dialog: land.
text: The Boy jumps, cascading down the falls and into the pond
text: below. He clambers up the first rock. It is slippery.
text: He falls off and climbs back on, buffeted by the spraying
text: water. He makes his way stone by stone toward the other
dialog: side.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN (V.O.)
dialog: Even though it was only a dream,
dialog: I felt as if my struggle to reach
dialog: dry land was terrifyingly real.
dialog: The water was like ice, bone-
text: chilling, cold, and as I made my
dialog: way from one stone to the next I
dialog: could feel my strength desert me.
dialog: The progress from one step to the next gets progressively
text: harder as the Boy keeps slipping into the swirling water,
text: coughing and sputtering.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN (V.O.)
dialog: I was three rocks in when I ran
dialog: out of gas. I couldn't pull myself
dialog: any further. No matter how hard I
dialog: 5.
dialog: tried, the current tried harder.
dialog: I felt myself going under for the
dialog: last time.
text: The Boy's grip slips off the rock. He starts to go
dialog: under.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 6 EXT. FARMYARD - DAWN 6
text: The fire has gone out. The Boy is still sitting in the
text: circle, the chicken still in his lap. His eyes snap
text: open. The first thing he sees is Inkosi Inkosikazi
text: sitting across from him with a big smile.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 7 EXT. YARD - DAY 7
text: Inkosi Inkosikazi enters the Buick. The Boy and his
text: smiling nanny watch. They Boy still holds the chicken.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN (V.O.)
dialog: Inkosi Inkosikazi said the spirit
dialog: of the great Zulu warriors lived
dialog: in me. He told me that whenever
dialog: trouble arose I should return to
dialog: the waterfall and keep stepping
text: across the rocks until the trouble
dialog: passed. He said three rocks were
dialog: enough to conquer my problem with
dialog: the night water; that I was very
dialog: brave. He said I was a man for
dialog: all Africa, bound to her by my
dialog: spirit, bound by my dreams.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And he let me keep the chicken.
text: The Boy and his nanny watch the car go off in a cloud of
dialog: dust.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 8 EXT. VELDT - DAY 8
text: The Boy sits on a train looking out the window at the
text: veldt and the wildlife moving across in the distance.
text: A sack on his lap moves. The chicken's head pops out.
text: The Boy gives him some kernels of corn and scratches
text: behind his scraggly comb.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN (V.O.)
dialog: Although I was bound by spirit
dialog: 6.
dialog: and dream to Africa, I was bound
dialog: by heritage and language to the
dialog: birthplace of my grandparents --
dialog: England -- a country I had never
dialog: seen, but one that was to cause
dialog: me eminently more problems than
dialog: bedwetting ever did.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 9 EXT. ROAD TO SCHOOL 9
text: A motorcar driving along the road to the school.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN (V.O.)
dialog: The school I was sent to was
dialog: attended and staffed entirely by
dialog: Afrikaaners, the oldest of the two
dialog: white tribes of Africa.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 10 INT. SCHOOL 10
text: The six-year-old walks timorously through the halls,
text: filled with bigger boys -- brash, noisy, hostile. They
dialog: only speak the "Taal" -- Afrikaans. Over and over they
text: jostle or verbally deride the six-year-old, knocking his
text: books down so that when he bends to pick them up he is
text: kicked in the butt. Or pulling his shirt out from under
text: his jacket and making it hard to move.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN (V.O.)
dialog: I spoke only English. The hated
dialog: tongue. The language of the enemy
dialog: who had usurped power and stolen
dialog: the country through political
dialog: chicanery and military brutality.
text: A mob of boys, led by a big bully, JAAPIE BOTHA, runs
text: the six-year-old through the bathroom and into the
text: showers, fully clothed. He tries to run out. Jaapie
text: Botha grabs him and throws him back in, holding him with
text: one ham-fisted hand under the shower head and turning the
text: shower on with the other. The six-year-old stands
text: miserable as the stinging water pelts him.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN (V.O.)
dialog: During the Boer War of 1896,
dialog: 26,000 Boer women and children
text: were herded into detainment camps
dialog: by the British, where they died
text: like flies from dysentery,
dialog: 7.
dialog: malaria and black water fever.
dialog: And it seemed I was destined to
dialog: shoulder the responsibility for
dialog: each and every one of those
dialog: deaths.
text: The six-year-old in his first soccer game receives the
text: ball. He tries to move upfield, but he is kicked and
text: pushed, the ball taken from him. He gets up gamely to
text: follow the chase, only to be flattened, blindsided by
dialog: Jaapie Botha.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN (V.O.)
dialog: And no one made this more evident
dialog: to me than Jaapie Botha, a wheat
dialog: farmer's son from the Transvaal.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 11 INT. DORMITORY 11
text: The six-year-old, asleep, his chicken perched alertly
text: atop the bed.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN (V.O.)
dialog: The only time I was at peace was
dialog: when I slept. Inkosi Inkosikazi's
dialog: chicken proved to be, like his
text: previous owner, a salvation.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 12 EXT. REAR OF DORMITORY - DAY 12
text: The Boy builds a small shelter for the CHICKEN, who
text: CLUCKS and forages contentedly.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN (V.O.)
dialog: During the day he would live
text: outside the dorm, happily scarfing
text: down bugs and grubs, secure in a
dialog: little house I built for him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 13 INT. DORM - NIGHT 13
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN (V.O.)
dialog: And at night he would hop through
text: the window and, perching over my
text: bed, squawking if any intruders
dialog: came near.
dialog: 8.
text: Several boys sneak up in the dark. The CHICKEN begins
text: to CHATTER. The six-year-old wakes, a shoe in hand
text: ready to throw. The shadows scatter. The Boy gives the
text: chicken a few grains of corn and an affectionate scratch
text: behind the ear, and goes back to sleep.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN (V.O.)
dialog: He was my best and only friend.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 14 INT. SCHOOL 14
text: Boys and faculty running through the halls excitedly,
text: showing newspapers with pictures of Hitler and
text: Chamberlain on the front. Posters and slogans with
text: swastikas are slapped up on walls. Some boys mimic
text: "heiling" to each other.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN (V.O.)
dialog: I'm sure in time a status quo
dialog: would have been achieved between
dialog: me and my schoolmates were it not
dialog: for the cataclysmic events
dialog: occurring in that faraway place
dialog: none of us had ever seen.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Two montjhs after I arrived at
dialog: the school World War II broke out
dialog: in Europe. Hitler had vowed to
dialog: crush the British Empire. The
text: Boers sharpened their swords in
dialog: anticipation.
text: The six-year-old comes back to his bed in the dorm to
text: find a swastika carved into it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 15 INT. DORMITORY - NIGHT 15
text: The six-year-old sleeps fitfully. There is a MUFFLED
text: SQUAWK. He wakes. A blanket is thrown over his head.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 16 INT. DARKENED BASEMENT ROOM 16
text: The Boy is dumped on the floor, the blanket removed. His
text: eyes open in horror. The room is lit by torches.
text: Shadows dance fearfully off two dozen boys with swastika
text: armbands and leather pistol rigs without pistols strapped
text: to their sides. In front of him on a platform Jaapie
text: Botha stands, his shirtsleeves rolled to the shoulder,
dialog: 9.
text: as another student painfully tattoo-scars his arm with
text: a swastika, using a knife and blue dye. Seeing the six-
text: year-old, Jaapie turns his attention to him and
text: addresses him in Afrikaans.
speaker_heading: JAAPIE
dialog: God has sent Hitler to deliver us
dialog: from the English bastards who stole
dialog: our country and killed our people.
dialog: Heil Hitler!
text: The other boys chorus in.
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: Heil Hitler!
speaker_heading: JAAPIE
dialog: We will swear a blood oath. When
dialog: Hitler comes we'll rise up and
dialog: kill the Verdomde Rooineks.
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: A blood oath! A blood oath!
text: Jaapie bends down and grabs the six-year-old by the
text: shirt front, yanking him up.
speaker_heading: JAAPIE
dialog: With your blood.
text: Jaapie slaps the Boy across the mouth three times.
text: Blood flows from his mouth and nose. Jaapie dips his
text: finger in the blood and smears it across his new tattoo.
text: He holds up his bloodied fingers.
speaker_heading: JAAPIE
dialog: We swear allegiance to Adolf
dialog: Hitler. Heil Hitler!
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: We swear allegiance to Adolf
dialog: Hitler. Heil Hitler!
speaker_heading: JAAPIE
dialog: Death to all Englishmen in South
dialog: Africa. Heil Hitler!
text: The chorus repeats.
speaker_heading: JAAPIE
dialog: God bless the fatherland. Heil
dialog: Hitler!
text: The voices come back to him stronger.
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: Heil Hitler!
text: Jaapie grabs the six-year-old again.
speaker_heading: JAAPIE
dialog: See what we have in store for
dialog: you when Hitler comes, Rooinek.
dialog: Hoy!
text: He gives a command. The boys at the far end of the
text: room part. The six-year-old's eyes open in terror.
speaker_heading: 17 HIS POV 17
text: 20 feet away Inkosi Inkosikazi's chicken, his chicken,
text: is hung from a rafter upside down, haplessly flapping
text: against his bonds.
scene_heading: 18 BACK TO SCENE 18
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: No!
text: But before he gets two steps towards the chicken he is
text: gang-tackled and held. Jaapie picks up a sling and a
dialog: rock.
speaker_heading: JAAPIE
dialog: For crimes committed against the
dialog: whole Boer people. I, Jaapie
text: Botha, the judge and Uberfuhrer,
dialog: sentence you and your Rooinek
dialog: kaffir chicken to death. Heil
dialog: Hiter.!
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: Heil Hitler!
text: Jaapie starts to swing the sling around and around. The
text: six-year-old struggles to get free.
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: Heil Hitler! Heil Hitler!
text: The SLING WHISTLES through the air, faster and faster.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: No!
text: Jaapie releases the stone. It flies true, catching
text: the SQUAWKING, struggling CHICKEN flush in the chest.
text: The flapping stops as blood soaks through feathers.
dialog: 11.
text: Jaapie flings his hand forward, victorious.
speaker_heading: JAAPIE
dialog: Heil Hitler!
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: Heil Hitler!
text: The Boy takes the opportunity to break loose. He rushes
text: Jaapie, whose arm is outstretched, putting him off
text: balance. The Boy catches him low, driving his head into
text: Jaapie's exposed stomach. Jaapie falls back and gets
text: the knife used for his tattooing right in his ass.
text: Jaapie Botha bellows like an enraged bull as he grabs
text: futiley for the embedded blade. His cohorts laugh,
text: thinking it tremendously funny, until Jaapie removes
text: the knife and turns with it, dripping his own blood, his
text: eyes murderous. The laughter dies. Jaapie's breath
dialog: comes hard.
speaker_heading: JAAPIE
dialog: Hang him up!
text: A few boys protest.
speaker_heading: BOYS
dialog: Jaapie! No!
text: But Botha is murderous, intent on revenge.
speaker_heading: JAAPIE
dialog: Hang him!
text: He waves the bloody knife in the air. Three boys grab
text: the six-year-old and drag him to where the chicken is
text: hanging. Two more boys throw a rope over the same
text: rafter. Others bind the struggling boy, trussing his
text: hands to his sides.
speaker_heading: JAAPIE
dialog: You will pay for the deaths of
dialog: our grandfathers and grandmothers,
dialog: our aunts and uncles. All
dialog: Rooineks will pay and you will be
dialog: first. Pull!
text: The boys who tied the rope now yank it over the rafter.
text: The six-year-old is hoisted up until he is eye-level with
dialog: the chicken.
speaker_heading: JAAPIE
dialog: In the name of Adolf Hitler and
dialog: the fatherland, I sentence you to
dialog: die, Verdomde Rooinek.
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: BOYS
dialog: Kill him! Kill him! Kill him!
text: Jaapie swings the sling overhead, faster and faster.
scene_heading: 19 ANGLE ON SIX-YEAR-OLD 19
text: He watches as Jaapie bears down. As Jaapie is about to
text: let the rock fly the door to the room opens and two STAFF
text: MEMBERS burst in, surprising in.
speaker_heading: STAFF MEMBER
dialog: What's this?
text: The rock flies from the sling, but Jaapie's attention is
text: diverted. His aim is off. The rock grazes the boy above
text: the eye. He loses consciousness. The scene FADES TO
speaker_heading: BLACK.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: 20 INT. ST. JOHN'S STUDY - DAY 20
dialog: Prince of Wales School, 1950. PK, 17 going on 18, well-
text: built, intense, clear-eyed, handsome, stands in front of
text: a seminar and continues reading to 10 students, honor
dialog: students, Headmaster St. John's chosen few. St. John,
text: with the demeanor of an Oxford don and a mane of snowy
text: white hair that reaches his shoulders, sits off to the
text: side, listening.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: I came to after being unconscious
dialog: for two days, the rock missing my
dialog: eye by half an inch. After a week
dialog: in hospital it was decided I'd be
dialog: sent to my grandfather's house in
dialog: the English town of Barberton,
dialog: at least until passions at school
dialog: cooled. Jaapie Botha was expelled;
text: sent home to his family's farm in
text: disgrace.
speaker_heading: PK (CONT'D)
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And so the first recorded South
dialog: African casualty of Hitler's
dialog: insanity was not a Boer, nor a
text: Rooinek, but a tatter-feathered,
text: half-bald kaffir chicken.
text: PK finishes. The end of class BELL RINGS. Offstage,
text: other classrooms are exiting into the common hall, but
text: no one in St. John's study moves. St. John takes his
dialog: 13.
text: glasses off and wipes the lenses deliberately. After a
text: long moment he turns to face the class.
speaker_heading: ST. JOHN
dialog: Very evocative, yes. Particularly
text: the image of the chicken. Good
dialog: choice there.
text: St. John rises, lecturing.
speaker_heading: ST. JOHN
dialog: Any ideology that needs to attack
dialog: the thing that least threatens it
dialog: is an ideology that will not
dialog: outlive its own generation.
dialog: Inclusion, gentlemen, not
dialog: exclusion, is the key to survival.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Something our new government
dialog: should take heed of, eh?
text: His eyes roam from face to face, fixing his point.
speaker_heading: ST. JOHN
dialog: Next week we have Mr. Levy who
dialog: will enlighten us on...
text: MORRIE, a bright-eyed kinetic, speaks up.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: Sport and wager in Imperial Rome,
dialog: sir.
speaker_heading: ST. JOHN
dialog: (facetious)
dialog: Very apt, Mr. Levy. We look
dialog: forward to the experience.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: All right.
text: The boys bolt for the door.
speaker_heading: ST. JOHN
dialog: P.K.
text: PK approaches.
speaker_heading: ST. JOHN
dialog: Well-written.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Thank you, sir.
speaker_heading: ST. JOHN
dialog: I've received notice from the
dialog: 14.
dialog: Oxford selection committee. You
dialog: are to appear before them in
dialog: three weeks. I assume you'll be
dialog: reading a piece of your fiction
dialog: as your presentational.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: ST. JOHN
dialog: A word of caution. Contemporary
dialog: to most of these fellows means
dialog: the seventeenth century. Try and
dialog: keep your theme, um, classical,
dialog: if you know what I mean.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Yes sir. I will.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Will the scholarship be decided
dialog: at the same time, sir?
speaker_heading: ST. JOHN
dialog: Money's a different matter.
dialog: Different committee.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Very good, sir.
text: St. John picks up a book and opens the pages. He begins
text: to read. PK takes it as a cue for his dismissal. He
text: goes to exit.
speaker_heading: ST. JOHN
dialog: And P.K...
text: PK turns at the door.
speaker_heading: ST. JOHN
dialog: Good luck tonight.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Thank you, sir.
text: St. John returns to his book. PK exits.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 21 EXT. HALL 21
text: Morrie waits in the now nearly-empty hall, taking some
text: money from another boy and making notations in a black
text: book. PK comes up to him.
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: How we doing?
text: Morrie consults the book.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: You win and your dream comes true.
dialog: You lose, we're back to bread
dialog: and butter sandwiches till term's
dialog: end. What'd he want?
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: My appointement before the Oxford
dialog: committee came through.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
text: A snap.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: For a brain like you, maybe.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: Come on, you'll read one of your
dialog: pieces, they'll be begging you to
dialog: attend.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: But will they pay for the
dialog: privilege?
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: Well let's bloody hope so. It'll
dialog: be a lonely time without you
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Morrie Levy. Is that the voice
dialog: of sentimentality I hear coming
dialog: from you?
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: Sentimentality my ass.
dialog: Practicality. Where am I going
dialog: to find a sure thing like you to
dialog: make book on at bloody Oxford?
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Go on.
text: He shoves Morrie playfully out the door and follows.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 16.
scene_heading: 22 INT. LONG HALLWAY - CLOSEUP - PK AND MORRIE 22
text: as they walk down the long hall looking straight ahead.
text: Sweat dapples PK's face. Both boys are focused on
text: double doors at the end of the hall. There is the
text: distant MUFFLED sound of a CROWD CHEERING.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: You hear Sutcliffe screwed
dialog: Bartlett's sister when he stayed
dialog: with them over holidays?
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: I don't believe it.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: I heard it from Bartlett's own
dialog: lips. He's selling reservations
dialog: for next holiday. A pound for
dialog: one night; three pounds for four.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: You register?
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: For both of us. Took the whole
dialog: holiday.
text: The CHEERING crowd grows LOUDER the closer they get to
text: the double doors.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: You nervous?
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: Christ! I'm about to have a calf.
dialog: This bloody Boer gets lucky,
dialog: we're in the poorhouse.
text: They reach the double doors. Still in CLOSEUP, Morrie
text: turns to face PK for the first time.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: Now remember. We're not here to
dialog: exhibit our wares. We go in, we
dialog: do the job, we get out. Right?
text: PK is so focused his eyes seem to bore through the doors.
text: He does not move his head a hair.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Right.
dialog: 17.
text: Morrie and PK draw a deep breath. Together they push
text: open the double doors. Together they stride into a
text: floodlit, fully-packed sports arena and head down the
text: fan-lined aisle to the raised boxing ring in the center.
text: Schoolboys in their respective school blazers, Afrikaan
text: and English, yell, whistle and clap. PK and Morrie,
text: in FULL FRAME, reveal PK in a boxing robe with taped
text: hands, and Morrie with towel and bucket.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: And at the end of six matches in
dialog: all weight divisions, the score
dialog: is Prince of Wales three victories,
dialog: Helpmakeer three victories.
text: The stands explode with cheers.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: And now for the final bout to
dialog: determine which school will win
dialog: the Johannesburg 1950 public
dialog: school boxing team championship.
dialog: In this corner, weighing 140
dialog: pounds, standing 5'8", from the
dialog: Helpmakeer School with a record of
dialog: 13-0 on the year, Jannie
dialog: Geildenhaus.
text: A huge cheer goes up for JANNIE, muscular, bare-chested,
text: as he dances and shadowboxes for the crowd.
text: PK enters the ring. He stands, robe on, eyes intent on
text: Jannie. When the noise subsides the Announcer continues.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: And in this corner, representing
dialog: the Prince of Wales School, the
dialog: current Johannesburg Public School
dialog: welterweight champion, also with
dialog: a record of 13-0 on the year, also
dialog: 140 pounds, Kid P.K.
text: Now the English schoolboys cheer for their man, but PK
text: does not respond. He barely moves. He raises an arm in
text: bare acknowledgment. His attention stays focused across
text: the ring on his shadowboxing opponent. PK watches Jannie
text: dance closely when a low CHANTING begins from outside the
text: stadium -- African, tribal, mystical harmonies of black
text: voices building until the white voices inside the stadium
text: are stunned to silence. The song carries beautifully in
text: the night. For the first time PK's focus is broken, but
text: not like the others in the audience, who haven't a clue
dialog: as to what's happening. He has heard this before. This
text: is familiar.
dialog: 18.
text: This is for him. A distant knowing flickers in his eyes
text: like a man who has heard the voice of fate whisper his
dialog: name.
text: Over and over, one phrase is indistinguishable -- the
text: chorus of the song. "Ono bi shobi ingelosi." The
text: chanting stops as suddenly as it began. A moment passes
text: before the crowd begins to buzz with the phenomenon.
text: The Announcer attempts to bring everyone's attention
dialog: back to the business at hand.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: We thank the native population for
text: their spirited display of
dialog: enthusiasm. But now, on to the
dialog: main event. Fighters to center
dialog: ring, please.
text: PK, focused again, meets Jannie at the REFEREE.
speaker_heading: REFEREE
dialog: You both know the rules. No
text: butts, no elbows, no low blows.
dialog: First man to score three knock
dialog: downs wins. Let's have a good
dialog: clean fight. Good luck to you.
text: The fighters slap leather. PK turns back to his corner
text: when his focus is broken dramatically by a face in the
dialog: crowd.
scene_heading: 23 HIS POV - FRONT ROW - HALF-DOZEN SCHOOLGIRLS 23
text: sit; one of them MARIA ELIZABETE MARAIS, 17, with honey-
text: blonde hair and lapis-blue eyes, turns her head and
text: engages PK's eyes and his heart. She quickly looks
text: away. But a connection has been made -- fire passed.
speaker_heading: 24 PK 24
text: goes back to his corner and takes off his robe. Morrie
text: stands, holding PK's mouthpiece.
speaker_heading: PK
text: First row, third from the left.
dialog: Find out who she is.
text: Morrie looks down at Maria.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: We're in a bloody war here, in
dialog: 19.
dialog: case you forgot. Let's keep our
dialog: mind on that, hey?
text: He jams the mouthpiece into PK's mouth as the BELL RINGS.
text: PK turns to an onslaught by Jannie, a real brawler.
text: Jannie's big, overhand rights almost nail PK until he
text: finds his footing and dances away. Jannie comes after
text: him hard, his schoolmates bellowing encouragement. But
text: PK's far superior boxing skills put Jannie at an immed-
text: iate disadvantage. It is a classic battle of a boxer
text: versus a fighter. PK's jabs keep Jannie at an arm's
text: length, until he closes with a combination. Jannie,
text: willing to take three punches to land one, absorbs PK's
dialog: point scoring combinations and tries to land knockout
text: punches. When he has had enough punishment he lunges
text: into a clinch.
speaker_heading: JANNIE
dialog: Blery Rooinek. I'll kill you.
text: PK pushes off as Jannie hammers at his kidneys. Backing
text: up, PK repays the compliment with two quick jabs to the
text: face. PK works Jannie, turning him left then right,
text: working the angles, keeping him off balance while he
text: racks up the points. Jannie goes left. As PK chases
text: him that way his eyes fix on something out of the ring.
scene_heading: 25 HIS POV - REAR EXIT DOOR - TALL BLACK MAN 25
text: with a younger black companion of more average height,
text: the only black faces in a crowd of 2,000 people.
scene_heading: 26 BACK TO SCENE 26
text: Their presence distracts PK for a split second, and in
text: that split second Jannie seizes the opportunity. He
text: comes across with a big right hand to PK's jaw. Jannie
text: connects. PK goes down hard. The crowd goes wild.
text: Morrie leaps up and down in the corner.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: Get up! Get up!
text: But PK is seeing double. He shakes his head, trying to
dialog: clear it.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: Up! Up!
scene_heading: 27 PK'S POV - JANNIE 27
text: dancing in his corner, sensing victory, the Ref over
dialog: 20.
text: him, counting.
scene_heading: 28 BACK TO SCENE 28
text: PK forces himself up. The Ref checks him.
speaker_heading: REFEREE
dialog: Okay. Fight.
text: Jannie comes rushing in, banging PK with a series of
text: hard rights, but dropping his left each time he throws
text: one. PK absorbs the punishment as best he can, backing
text: up, dancing away. Jannie is all over him just as the
text: BELL RINGS. Jannie goes back to his corner, triumphant.
text: PK goes back to his and sits down with a blank ex-
text: pression. Morrie goes to work on a small cut over
text: his eye.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: What are you trying to do,
dialog: bankrupt us? What happened?
text: PK turns and looks at the two Africans at the rear door.
text: Morrie's eyes follow him, tensing as he sees the two men.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: Christ! If they get caught in
dialog: here they're dead.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What the hell's going on?
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: Well, worry about it later. In
dialog: case you haven't noticed, this
dialog: Boer bastard is trying to kill
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: You see the way he drops his left
dialog: when he throws the right?
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: Yeah?
text: The BELL RINGS. PK and Morrie trade a look. Jannie
text: comes rushing over and throws a big right. PK steps to
text: his own right side and pops Jannie right over his dropped
text: left hand. He looks at Morrie again.
dialog: 21.
scene_heading: 29 ANGLE ON MORRIE 29
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: Thank you, God.
text: Jannie comes after PK, paying for each big right he
text: throws as PK finds his mark. PK plants one, then two,
text: then three punches on Jannie's face. Finally, frus-
text: trated, Jannie forsakes all pretense of boxing and tries
text: to nail PK with wild, flailing blows. PK bobs and weaves
text: and feints. Jannie's punches grow weary. PK begins
text: to bear down, driving his man back with rapid-fire com-
text: binations until he delivers the coup de grace, a left
text: hook to the heart and a driving right uppercut. Jannie
text: goes down in a heap. The crowd goes wild. The Referee
text: counts him out. Jannie's seconds rush into the ring to
text: lift their fallen fighter. Morrie also rushes in,
text: followed by the Prince of Wales boxing team. They hoist
text: PK up on their shoulders.
scene_heading: 30 PK'S POV - MARIA MARAIS 30
text: rising from her seat, and leaving with the other girls.
text: Their eyes meet. Her hint of a smile breaks his heart.
text: She disappears in the crowd.
scene_heading: 31 BACK TO SCENE 31
text: PK's eyes rise to the rear exit. The tall African and
text: his companion have vanished.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 32 INT. LOCKER ROOM 32
text: The boxing team and a number of their supporters are in
text: raucous celebration. Morrie comes bouncing through the
text: crowd, until he enters the empty dressing room in the
text: rear, where PK is getting dressed. Morrie takes a wad
text: of money out of his pocket.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: Here you go, pal.
text: He hands PK the money.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: You're the treasurer of this
dialog: company. You hold it. Did you
dialog: find out what I asked for?
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: 22.
dialog: Uh, listen, P.K. You know in this
dialog: world there is no greater proponent
dialog: of sins of the flesh than Morrie
dialog: Levy. But do yourself a favor on
dialog: this one. Take my advice. Pass.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Thanks for the advice. The
dialog: information please.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: Do you know who her father is?
dialog: Professor Daniel Marais.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: So?
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: So? He's the Nationalist Party's
dialog: resident intellectual. The man is
dialog: one of the architects of this
dialog: damned system of -- what are they
dialog: calling it? -- apartheid? He has
dialog: about as much use for a Rooinek
text: Englishman rutting after his
dialog: daughter as the Queen does for
dialog: balls, pardon my French.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: What's her name and where do I
dialog: find her?
text: Morrie sighs.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: Maria Elizabete Marais, Seniors
dialog: Cottage, Room 22, Devilliers
dialog: School. They don't call it
dialog: 'Fortress Virgin' for nothing.
dialog: You'll never get in.
text: PK slips his school blazer on.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: You going to take book on that?
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: Already have. Three-to-one says
dialog: you don't.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Where'd you bet?
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: I took a big position you do.
dialog: 23.
text: PK smiles at his friend and starts to leave. Morrie
text: stuffs some banknotes in his breast pocket.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: In case you have to bail yourself
dialog: out.
text: PK boxes him around playfully and skips out, running the
text: gauntlet of the celebration outside.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 33 EXT. DEVILLIERS SCHOOL FOR GIRLS - NIGHT 33
text: Indeed, "Fortress Virgin." Surrounded by a high stone
text: wall, the school's gothic towers loom medieval in the
text: African moonlight. A security guard mans the front gate.
text: PK takes a route through shadows and shrubs, searching
text: for a way in. He finds one in a tree whose massive limbs
text: reach over the wall. In a flash PK is up the tree and
text: over the wall.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 34 EXT. SCHOOL GROUNDS 34
text: PK makes his way through the darkened campus. A few stu-
text: dents and some staff are about. PK hugs the shadows as
text: best he can. PK passes a statue dominating the quad --
dialog: a Boer family from the last century; the man looking for-
text: ward, his gun braced for action; the women and children
text: at his shoulder, brave, resolute.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 35 EXT. SENIOR COTTAGE 35
text: PK comes up to the cottage where a few girls can be seen
text: through the windows studying at lamplit desks or readying
text: for bed. Other rooms are already dark. PK slips inside
dialog: the building.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 36 INT. BUILDING 36
text: PK moves along the hall looking for room 22.
text: He is about to turn a corner when TWO GIRLS chattering in
text: Afrikaans come down a staircase. PK backs into a
dialog: 24.
text: darkened room to his left. The girls appear in robes
text: with towels and toiletries and step into the same room.
text: One flicks on the light to reveal the shower room -- 14
text: separate cubicle stalls. Still chattering, the girls
text: disrobe.
scene_heading: 37 ANGLE ON PK 37
text: pressed hard against the inside wall of a stall with a
text: clear view of the proceedings. He holds his breath as
text: one of the girls heads towards his stall. Her girl-
text: friend cautions her.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Those are always cold. Use this
dialog: one.
text: The girl turns away to another stall just in time. The
text: SHOWERS START. PK allows himself to breathe again. He
text: exits quickly.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 38 INT. ROOM 38
text: Maria Marais sits at her desk in a nightgown, working on
text: a paper, when there is a KNOCK on the door. With her
text: mind still on her work, she opens the door. Her eyes go
text: wide with shock when she sees PK. He puts a cautionary
text: finger to his lips.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: May I come in?
text: Maria, frozen with surprise, steps back. PK enters,
text: gently closing the door behind him.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: I'm sorry to scare you.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: (nervous)
dialog: You can't be here.
text: She speaks in Afrikaan-accented English.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: I didn't know how else to meet you.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: I could be expelled.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: 25.
dialog: Girls don't usually come to boxing
dialog: matches.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: We went on a dare. Please.
text: PK ignores her anxiety.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Did you like it?
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: It was...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: ... exciting. You were very good.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: (in Afrikaans)
dialog: Thank you. I'm glad I impressed
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: You speak the Taal.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: I'll speak Zulu if it'll help me
dialog: see you again.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: I can't.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: I need my father's permission.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Is it hard to get?
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Hard for an Afrikaaner boy.
dialog: Impossible for an English one.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: How about your permission? Do
dialog: I have that?
text: Maria blushes.
text: All of a sudden there is a KNOCK on the door. Maria
text: starts. PK moves quickly behind the door as it opens to
scene_heading: TWO GIRLS.
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: GIRL #1
dialog: We're having coffee upstairs.
dialog: Want to come?
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: I have to finish this paper.
speaker_heading: GIRL #2
dialog: Come when you're finished. We'll
dialog: be up late.
text: They close the door. Maria reinforces it with her body.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Please go.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: You didn't answer my question.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: There are plenty of English girls.
dialog: What makes me so important?
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: The way I felt when I saw you.
text: He is so direct she can only blush deeper. Her response
text: is indirect but affirmative.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: My father will insist on meeting
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: I can't wait.
text: O.S., the outside door to the dorm opens. A matron's
text: voice calls out.
speaker_heading: MATRON (V.O.)
dialog: Lights out, ladies.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Now please.
text: PK opens her window and starts to climb out.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: (in Afrikaans)
dialog: Good night, Maria Marais.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: (in English)
dialog: Good night, PK.
dialog: 27.
text: PK pauses.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: I don't remember telling you my
dialog: name.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: And I don't remember telling you
dialog: mine.
text: PK smiles back at her. He drops to the ground. Maria
text: closes the window and watches him scoot across the
text: campus until he is swallowed by the night.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 39 INT. MARAIS HOUSE 39
text: An ample house. PAN ACROSS a gallery of oil paintings
dialog: depicting great moments in Boer history -- the Great Trek,
text: an endless progression of oxcarts heading north, the
dialog: Battle of Blood River against the Zulu armies, the hang-
text: ing of Boer farmers by British regulars. Women and
text: children herded into a detention camp as their farms burn
text: in the background. Boer kommandos sniping at a British
text: column on the veldt.
text: PAN FROM the pictures TO photographs, sepia-toned, his-
text: torical, and DR. DANIEL MARAIS and PK, strolling past the
text: pictures. Marais points to a photo of a young Boer, turn
text: of the century, posed stiffly with a rifle in the slouched
text: hat of a Boer kommando.
speaker_heading: MARAIS
dialog: Jan Piet Marais. My uncle. At
dialog: 22 he led a kommando for three
dialog: years before your people caught
dialog: him and hung him.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: My people?
speaker_heading: MARAIS
dialog: The English.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: I consider myself an African, sir.
speaker_heading: MARAIS
dialog: As do I. As do the Zulu, the
dialog: Xhosa, the Pongo, the Ndebele.
dialog: We're all Africans. But all from
dialog: separate tribes, ay?
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Unfortunately.
speaker_heading: MARAIS
dialog: Why do you say that?
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Because it's the whole tribal
dialog: idea that creates our problems
dialog: here in South Africa.
speaker_heading: MARAIS
dialog: The problems of South Africa, my
dialog: boy, do not come from tribalism.
text: They come from counter-tribalism.
dialog: From people insisting that natural
dialog: laws which have been in place and
dialog: operating since God's creation,
dialog: should be tampered with. Does
dialog: the gazelle sleep with the lion?
dialog: Does the rhino graze with the
dialog: mouse? The separation of things
dialog: is not coincidental. Do you think
dialog: a Zulu wants to see his culture,
text: his sense of identity, replaced by
dialog: someone else's anymore than I do?
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: No, sir. But I don't think he
dialog: wants being a Zulu to mean he is
dialog: denied the same rights as
dialog: everyone else has.
speaker_heading: MARAIS
dialog: Which is why civilization is
dialog: defined by the ability to live
dialog: under the rule of law. Laws
dialog: define rights.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: But do they define justice?
speaker_heading: MARAIS
text: Ah. Justice. The banner behind
dialog: which the English marched as they
dialog: gobbled up a quarter of the world?
dialog: Justice, my boy, is only relative
dialog: to who's in charge.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: And how long they stay in charge
dialog: is only relative to how well they
dialog: dispense that justice...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: ... with all due respect.
dialog: 29.
text: Marais fixes PK with a stare. PK's eyes meet his evenly,
text: unwavering. Maria enters.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Papa, would you like coffee in the
dialog: library or the parlor?
speaker_heading: MARAIS
dialog: (pleasant)
dialog: The library, mein leib.
text: Maria smiles at PK and exits. He leads PK towards the
dialog: library.
speaker_heading: MARAIS
dialog: I can't figure out if you're
dialog: brave or foolish.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Why is that, sir?
speaker_heading: MARAIS
dialog: You come here to ask for permission
dialog: to see my daughter. Correct?
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: MARAIS
dialog: And knowing who I am, what I stand
dialog: for, do you think this sort of
dialog: discussion is going to put that
dialog: request in a favorable light?
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: I thought a man of your intellectual
dialog: reputation wouldn't want his
dialog: daughter seeing someone who didn't
dialog: think.
speaker_heading: MARAIS
dialog: Let me give you some advice then.
dialog: You're right. I admire a keen
dialog: mind. But intellectual reputation
dialog: or not, I am first a Marais, a
dialog: member of the Volk.
speaker_heading: MARAIS (CONT'D)
dialog: And if you're trying to impress a
dialog: member of the Volk with your
dialog: intellect, don't do it espousing
dialog: liberal ideas picked up in an
dialog: English private school.
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: These ideas I picked up somewhere
dialog: else.
text: Marais opens the library door.
speaker_heading: MARAIS
dialog: (joking)
dialog: No doubt from an expert on race
dialog: relations.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Actually, sir, from an expert on
text: cactus.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 40 EXT. ROCK OUTCROPPING - DAY 40
text: A brilliant African sun beats down on the veldt below.
text: On the rock, a seven-year-old PK sits looking somewhat
text: sadly over the landscape. A long shadow covers him.
text: The CLICK of a CAMERA is heard. PK turns, shielding his
text: eyes with his hand against the glare of the sun to a
text: tall, white-haired figure, shirtless, in hiking boots
text: and kneesocks, holding a box camera.
speaker_heading: DOC (FIGURE)
dialog: Ja. Perfect. You will excuse me,
dialog: please.
text: DOC, speaking in German-accented English, moves off from
text: the sun's glare down to PK's level. On his back is a
text: knapsack with a cactus sticking out of it.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: This I do not normally without
dialog: permission do, ja? But to catch
dialog: the expression. After all, it is
dialog: the expression that is important.
dialog: Ja? Without the expression the
text: human being is just a lump of meat.
dialog: You have some problems, I think.
dialog: I am Professor Karl von Vollensteen.
text: Doc clicks his heels together and bows his head slightly.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: I'm P.K.
text: He holds out his hand. Doc takes it.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: Such a young person with such an
dialog: 31.
dialog: old expression. I think we can
dialog: be friends. Ja?
text: Eighteen-year-old PK narrates.
speaker_heading: PK (V.O.)
dialog: That was how I met Doc, as he
dialog: insisted I call him. A chance
text: meeting between a directionless
text: seven-year-old boy and an old
dialog: German professor out collecting
text: cacti on the African bush veldt.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: So began my education.
text: Doc and PK walk the veldt across craggy mountain trails,
text: down dry river beds, through the jungle, always collecting
dialog: cacti and aloe samples, Doc always talking, always
dialog: explaining.
speaker_heading: PK (V.O.)
dialog: Doc believed the brain had two
dialog: functions and that the South
dialog: African public school system
dialog: unfortunately dealt with only one.
speaker_heading: DOC
text: The brain, P.K., has two functions.
dialog: It is the best reference library
dialog: ever, which is a good thing to
dialog: have. Ja? But also from it comes
dialog: original thought. In school you
dialog: will get all filled up with the
dialog: facts. Here your brain will learn
dialog: where to look, how to look, how
dialog: to think. And then you will have
dialog: for yourself all the brains that
dialog: have ever been.
text: Doc and PK sit high up. PK watches the endless animal
text: migration below while Doc points things out across the
dialog: landscape.
speaker_heading: PK (V.O.)
dialog: Doc knew everything. He had a love
dialog: of learning. But his real passion
dialog: was centered around two things --
text: music and cacti.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 41 EXT. DOC'S HOUSE 41
text: PK and Doc walk up a steep road toward Doc's house which
text: sits on top of the hill, both carrying cacti-filled
dialog: 32.
dialog: packs.
speaker_heading: PK (V.O.)
dialog: Until he was fifty, Doc had a
dialog: successful career as a concert
dialog: pianist all over Europe. On his
dialog: fiftieth birthday he gave it all
dialog: up and moved to South Africa.
dialog: From that point on it was all
text: cactus.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 42 EXT. CACTUS GARDEN - DAY 42
text: Behind Doc's simple, whitewashed cottage is a magnif-
text: icent cactus and aloe garden filled with the samples Doc
text: has collected for years. PK and Doc plant another
text: specimen. Doc photographs it. PK records its genus
text: in a notebook.
speaker_heading: PK (V.O.)
dialog: Every specimen Doc found would be
dialog: carefully photographed and
dialog: catalogued.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 43 SUNSET 43
text: Doc an PK walk through the cactus garden.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: If God would choose a plant to
dialog: represent Him, I think He would
dialog: choose of all plants the cactus.
dialog: This one plant has all the
dialog: blessings He tried but failed to
dialog: give man. It is true. Look.
text: The cactus is humble but not
dialog: submissive. It grows where no
dialog: other plant will grow. The sun
text: bakes its back, the wind rips it
dialog: from cliffs, or drowns it in the
text: dry desert sand. Not a complaint.
dialog: In good times or bad it will
text: still flower. It protects itself
dialog: from danger.
text: Doc touches a cactus needle.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: But it harms no other plant. It
dialog: 33.
dialog: has patience and solitude and
dialog: modesty. In Mexico there is a
text: cactus that blooms once in a
dialog: hundred years and then only at
dialog: night. That is saintliness of
dialog: the highest order I think. Ja?
dialog: From cactus comes medicine to
dialog: heal the wounds of men and little
dialog: buttons if you eat one you can
dialog: touch the face of God or stare
dialog: into the mouth of hell. It is
dialog: the plant of patience, solitude,
dialog: love, and madness. Modesty,
dialog: beauty. Toughness and gentleness.
dialog: Of all the plants I think it is
dialog: closest to God. Ja?
speaker_heading: PK (V.O.)
dialog: Doc was a hard man to disagree
dialog: with. So when he decided I must
dialog: spend as much time with him to
dialog: remedy the flaw in my educational
dialog: environment I didn't argue.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 44 INT. GRANDFATHER'S PARLOR 44
text: Shabbily-genteel, Doc sits in his Sunday best, a cup of
text: tea on his lips, talking in earnest to PK's pipe-
text: puffing, also shabbily-genteel grandfather as PK looks on.
speaker_heading: PK (V.O.)
dialog: Appealing to my grandfather's
dialog: stoic belief in the primacy of
dialog: European culture in all its forms,
dialog: Doc offered to instruct me in
dialog: piano in return for my helping
dialog: him locate and gather his precious
dialog: cacti.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 45 INT. DOC'S COTTAGE 45
text: Doc and PK practice on a beautiful Steinway, so grandly
text: out of place in Doc's simple abode.
speaker_heading: PK (V.O.)
dialog: As a student of music I was never
dialog: more than adequate, something I
dialog: suspect Doc knew from the start.
dialog: It is the love of music that is
dialog: most important, he would tell me,
dialog: and I would believe him.
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 46 EXT. JUNGLE 46
text: Doc and PK wander through the jungle looking for flora.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: Everything fits, P.K. Nothing is
dialog: unexplained. Nature is one big
dialog: chain reaction. Everything
dialog: depends on everything else. From
dialog: the smallest to the biggest.
dialog: Always in life an idea starts
text: small like a tree.
text: Doc shows PK a small tree with an even smaller vine
text: attached to it.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: This tree can grow so high it can
text: touch the face of the sky. But
dialog: this little vine can choke it and
dialog: keep it small. Most people are
dialog: like these vines. Afraid of new
dialog: ideas. Afraid to let things grow.
text: Doc rips the vine away from the tree.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: Always listen to yourself.
dialog: Follow your own idea. If you are
dialog: wrong, so what? You learn
dialog: something. And with learning you
dialog: grow stronger. And if you are
dialog: right at the beginning? An even
dialog: bigger bonus.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 47 EXT. VELDT - DAY 47
text: Doc and PK move alongside the great herds.
speaker_heading: PK (V.O.)
dialog: I roamed the kloofs and ridges,
text: the dry riverbeds and jungle
dialog: floors with Doc for over a year,
dialog: learning more than I realize even
dialog: today.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I also played a lot more 'God
dialog: Save the King' due to my new
dialog: musical celebrity.
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 48 EXT. BARBERTON - DAY 48
text: TRACK THROUGH Barberton, a small town on the low veldt,
text: in all its colonial backwater splendor.
speaker_heading: PK (V.O.)
dialog: Barberton was a very proper
text: English town with a proper square,
text: a wide main street, and the
text: colonials' overblown patriotism
dialog: for a homeland most people had
text: never seen, hanging in the air
text: like fine dust. Not quite seen,
dialog: but there nonetheless.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 49 INT. CONCERT HALL 49
text: PK plays "God Save the King" on the stage. The town's
text: population stands -- the men, stoic; the women, dewey-
text: eyed, at patriotic attention. Some people file out --
text: the men in officers' uniforms of the South African penal
text: system and their wives -- Boers. They exit to the dagger
text: stares and some undertoned hissing and booing from Her
dialog: Majesty's loyal subjects.
speaker_heading: PK (V.O.)
dialog: The only Afrikaaners to live in
dialog: Barberton were sent there to work
dialog: at the government prison, just
dialog: outside town. Germany had
dialog: covertly supported the Boers in
dialog: their two unsuccessful wars
dialog: against British rule, supplying
dialog: food and medical supplies as well
text: as ample stocks of ammunition.
speaker_heading: PK (V.O.)(CONT'D)
dialog: Germany was an old friend, a
dialog: trusted friend. And in a country
text: where a handshake is a friendship
dialog: and a friendship a bond for life,
dialog: as the war in Europe grew fiercer
dialog: tensions in Barberton heated up.
text: Suspicion was afoot. Spies were
dialog: everywhere.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 36.
scene_heading: 50 EXT. ROAD TO DOC'S COTTAGE - DAY 50
text: Doc and PK walk toward the cottage. Doc reads PK's
dialog: report card.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: Grammar: satisfactory. Science:
dialog: satisfactory. Mathetmatics:
dialog: satisfactory.
text: He looks down at PK.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: P.K., if there is one thing I
dialog: know you to be that is a lot more
dialog: than just satisfactory. Ja?
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: But I don't want to be known as
text: a brain.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Who do you think gets beaten up
dialog: on all the time in school?
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: My boy, to be smart is not a
dialog: sin. But to be smart and not use
dialog: it, that is sin number one. And
dialog: as for getting beat up on, use
dialog: your brain to figure out how not
dialog: to be.
text: He hands PK the report card, his displeasure obvious.
text: As they crest the hill the cottage comes INTO VIEW
text: along with a parked Army car and two armed soldiers
text: leaning against it. Seeing Doc and PK, the soldiers
text: smarten up, raising their rifles and advancing.
text: Doc's face grows pale, his lips tight. PK pulls close to
dialog: him for support.
speaker_heading: DOC
text: Again it begins. The stupidity.
dialog: Do not be frightened.
text: Doc puts na arm around PK's shoulder, drawing him close,
text: comforting him. One of the soldiers pulls a pair of
text: handcuffs out of his pocket as he advances.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 37.
scene_heading: 51 EXT. BARBERTON PRISON 51
text: A car pulls up. Doc, in shackles, is escorted from the
text: car. PK exits after him. Two guards lead Doc toward
text: the doorway to the prison, a square in the looming gates.
text: Doc walks, his head held high. PK walks alongside
text: holding his hand.
speaker_heading: BRITISH OFFICER (V.O.)
dialog: Karl von Vollensteen, for the
dialog: failure to register as an alien
dialog: during times of war in accordance
dialog: with His Majesty's government
dialog: orders to do so, you are hereby
dialog: sentenced to be confined at
dialog: Barberton prison for the duration
dialog: of the war with Germany.
text: At the door a guard touches PK's shoulder, holding him
text: back. The door opens. Doc goes through. Just before
text: the door closes he looks back at PK one last time. The
text: door slams shut. PK, with tears streaming down his
text: cheeks, is left outside.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 52 INT. PK'S ROOM - NIGHT 52
text: Morrie lies in bed, asleep. PK sits up at his desk,
dialog: writing.
speaker_heading: PK (V.O.)
dialog: And again I was alone with nothing
dialog: to depend on to see me through
dialog: except the power of one.
text: PK puts down his pen and sits, regarding the pages. He
text: raises his eyes to a photo on the desk of a boy on a
dialog: rock.
text: PK smiles at hidden memories, caps his fountain pen,
text: turns off the light. The room is pitched into darkness.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 53 EXT. DOWNTOWN ALLEY - AFTERNOON 53
text: The seedy side of town. PK carrying a gym bag and Morrie
text: looking a bit out of place in their school blazers come
text: striding up the alley.
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: Look, even if the scholarship
dialog: doesn't come through, my old man
dialog: said he'd lend you the money.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Morrie.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: All right. All right. We'll call
dialog: it the 'Levy Carpet Emporium
dialog: Scholarship for Poor but Proud
dialog: Christian Gentlemen.' How's
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Tell your father I appreciate the
dialog: offer.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: God, I hate people who can't be
dialog: bought.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Why is that?
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: I don't know. Personality
dialog: disorder.
text: PK nods in agreement.
speaker_heading: PK
text: Undoubtedly.
text: The boys come to their destination marked by a rickety,
text: faded sign: "GOLDMAN'S GYM." Excitement shines in PK's
text: eyes. He bounds up the narrow flight of stairs.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 54 INT. STAIRCASE 54
text: Morrie and PK rush up the stairs, stop at the landing,
text: and collect themselves before opening the door to the
text: gym. They take a breath and enter.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 55 INT. GYM 55
text: A down and dirty boxing gym, humming with the rhythm of
dialog: 39.
text: men training. Sweat and smoke fill the air along with
text: the faint scent of blood. Fighters, both black and
text: white, train with each other. Morrie is amazed.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: How do they get away with this?
text: But PK has his mind on other things. His eyes fix on
text: an OLD MAN across the room standing by ringside.
speaker_heading: PK
text: There he is.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: Christ, he's old.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: And he's the best. C'mon.
text: PK leads Morrie across the gym. PK passes an African
text: fighter. He stops training when he sees PK. He turns
text: to another African fighter, glancing at PK. One by one
text: the blacks in the gym stop training to look at PK. PK
text: and Morrie approach the rheumy Old Man yelling at the
text: two fighters in the ring above him in a thick Polish-
dialog: Jewish accent.
speaker_heading: SOLLY (OLD MAN)
dialog: No, no. God gave you two hands so
dialog: you can knock a man out from
text: either side. Left-right.
text: He moves his creaky body back and forth to demonstrate.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Mr. Goldman?
text: Solly turns to the boys. A look of bemusement comes over
text: his face when he sees their blazers.
speaker_heading: SOLLY
dialog: What? You boys lost?
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: I'm the one who called you
dialog: yesterday. From the Prince of
dialog: Wales School?
speaker_heading: SOLLY
dialog: Oh yeah, yeah. The champeen.
dialog: Right?
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Right.
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: SOLLY
dialog: And who are you?
speaker_heading: MORRIE
text: The champeen's manager.
text: Solly rolls his eyes to heaven.
speaker_heading: SOLLY
dialog: Oy gevalt.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You know you train here it's not
dialog: like those nice school fights
dialog: you're used to. Three knockdowns
dialog: you win.
text: Just then, as if to underscore his point, one of the
text: fighters in the ring gets caught witha solid shot to the
text: jaw. He hits the canvas inches from where they are
text: standing. Solly, PK and Morrie all look at him, and then
text: at each other.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: What does it cost for you to train
dialog: him?
speaker_heading: SOLLY
dialog: For my personal attentinons, Mr.
dialog: Manager? Fifty pounds a month.
dialog: For one of them...
dialog: (points to the other
dialog: men working with
dialog: fighters)
dialog: ... less.
text: Morrie pulls out a wad of money and proffers it to Solly.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: Here's for six months in advance.
text: Three hundred pounds.
text: Solly pushes the money back.
speaker_heading: SOLLY
dialog: Six months? I don't know your
dialog: boy'll last six minutes.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: I'll last.
text: Solly notices that every black fighter in the gym has
text: stopped working and is staring at PK.
speaker_heading: SOLLY
dialog: 41.
dialog: What are you staring? Punch,
dialog: don't stare. C'mon. Work or
dialog: you're out.
text: The blacks go back to work.
speaker_heading: SOLLY
dialog: That your gear?
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: SOLLY
dialog: Go change in the back. We'll see
dialog: if you couldn't find a better use
dialog: for all that money.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Thank you, sir.
text: PK heads towards the rear. Solly turns to Morrie.
speaker_heading: SOLLY
dialog: Why's he want to do this, a nice-
dialog: looking schoolboy?
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: He wants to be welterweight champ
dialog: of the world.
text: Solly breaks up laughing.
speaker_heading: SOLLY
dialog: Oh sure, sure. And I'd like to
dialog: be twenty-five again.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: You like to make book on it?
speaker_heading: SOLLY
dialog: (joking)
dialog: You giving odds?
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: You name them.
text: Solly gives him a long look.
speaker_heading: SOLLY
dialog: You both meshugah.
text: Solly walks away.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 42.
scene_heading: 56 INT. GYM - RING 56
text: PK is in the ring getting ready to spar with a well-built
text: opponent. Morrie stands at ringside with Solly.
speaker_heading: SOLLY
dialog: Let's just start out nice and
dialog: easy now.
text: He hits the bell. The fighters circle. PK's opponent
text: starts punching, jabbing, probing. After two feints he
text: comes after PK in earnest. PK steps left and peppers
text: him with three quick blows to the face. Solly's interest
text: is suddenly piqued. Again the fighters circle. Again
text: the opponent sets up with jabs and again he attacks.
text: This time PK dodges, hits him hard and spins him around,
text: hitting him twice more. A smile appears on Solly's face.
text: The opponent, angered now, gets more aggressive. PK
text: keeps bobbing and weaving, sticking and slipping punches.
text: The opponent unloads, banging away at PK with everything
text: he has. PK backs up two steps, then shifts positions.
text: The opponent's momentum carries him into the ropes. As
text: he comes off the ropes PK throws him an eight-punch
text: combination, demolishing his opponent. PK steps back.
text: The opponent sags. Solly hits the bell, clearly excited.
speaker_heading: SOLLY
dialog: Never I seen someone so young
text: throw an eight-punch combination.
dialog: Where did you learn such a thing?
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: In prison, sir.
speaker_heading: SOLLY
dialog: You trying to be a comedian and a
dialog: boxer? Mr. Manager, come to my
dialog: office. We'll talk terms. You,
dialog: get showered, and see me after.
dialog: We'll talk training.
text: Solly and Morrie head off toward Solly's office. PK
text: watches them go, a small victorious smile on his face.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 57 EXT. BARBETON PRISON GATE 57
text: Seven-year-old PK stands at the gate holding a bucket,
dialog: waiting to be let in.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 43.
scene_heading: 58 INT. PRISON HALL 58
text: PK sits on a bench in the hall. Black prisoners are
text: marched by, guarded closely. At PK's feet is the metal
text: bucket. The door to Kommandant Von Zyl's office opens.
text: A guard summons PK. PK rises, takes his bucket and
text: enters the office.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 59 INT. VON ZYL'S OFFICE 59
text: The KOMMANDANT, a brusque man with a salt-and-pepper
text: brush cut sits behind his big desk.
speaker_heading: VON ZYL (KOMMANDANT)
dialog: So you are PK.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: VON ZYL
dialog: I am Kommandant Von Zyl. The
dialog: professor has requested you to be
dialog: his visitor so you can continue
dialog: your studies on piano and he can
dialog: continue with his studies on
dialog: cactus. This is the first
dialog: specimen?
text: He alludes to the bucket.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Yes, sir. Kalanchoe Thrysiflora.
text: He holds the bucket up.
scene_heading: 60 VON ZYL'S POV 60
text: A small cactus resting on some tobacco leaves.
scene_heading: 61 BACK TO SCENE 61
speaker_heading: VON ZYL
dialog: The professor taught you this,
dialog: ja? Of course to your English
text: town he is a prisoner, a criminal.
dialog: To us who respect such learning
dialog: and culture, he is an honored
dialog: guest.
dialog: 44.
text: He hands PK a pass.
speaker_heading: VON ZYL
dialog: This pass is good for any time,
dialog: any day. Would you like to see
dialog: him now?
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: VON ZYL
dialog: Come. I will take you myself.
text: Von Zyl rises and opens the door for PK. They exit.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 62 INT. PRISON CORRIDOR 62
text: PK and Von Zyl walk together.
speaker_heading: VON ZYL
dialog: We have cleared a little plot
text: behind the cellblock for the
dialog: cactus. And tomorrow we have
text: the professor's piano moved here.
dialog: There is not another instrument
dialog: like it in the territory. Maybe
dialog: one day the two of you can give
dialog: a concert for us, hey?
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: Just then the sound of GRUNTING and THWACKING fills the
text: air. PK passes a room set up as a boxing gym. Through
text: a crack in the door he sees a dozen boys being coached
text: by some guards. Some guards are also being coached by
text: a second man. A third man, LIEUTENANT SMIT, oversees
text: the whole training session. PK watches, mesmerized.
speaker_heading: VON ZYL
dialog: You like to box?
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: I would like to learn, meneer.
dialog: Are the boys prisoners?
speaker_heading: VON ZYL
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: No, no. The sons of the guards.
dialog: See that one there?
dialog: (points to a
dialog: 45.
dialog: little pudge boy
dialog: flailing away)
dialog: That's my son, Danie. It's a
dialog: club. Lieutenant Smit.
text: Smit comes over.
speaker_heading: SMIT
dialog: Sir?
speaker_heading: VON ZYL
dialog: We have room for one more on the
dialog: squad?
text: Smit looks down at PK.
speaker_heading: SMIT
dialog: He's a little small, Kommandant.
speaker_heading: VON ZYL
dialog: We'll build him up then.
speaker_heading: SMIT
dialog: Yes, sir. But I really don't
dialog: have anyone to spare to teach him
dialog: right now. You know, with the
text: tournament coming up.
speaker_heading: VON ZYL
dialog: There must be someone.
text: Smit looks around the hall.
speaker_heading: 63 HIS POV 63
text: A crumpled, old BLACK MAN, a lifer with broken, bandied
text: legs and a fighter's flattened face, wiping the floor,
text: picking up used towels.
scene_heading: 64 BACK TO SCENE 64
speaker_heading: SMIT
dialog: Piet.
text: GEEL PIET comes shuffling over, properly submissive.
speaker_heading: GEEL PIET (BLACK MAN)
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: SMIT
dialog: You teach this boy basics, and
dialog: you teach him good or I knock
dialog: your black head flat, you hear?
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: GEEL PIET
dialog: I teach him best I know, baas.
speaker_heading: SMIT
dialog: We train every day. First thing
dialog: in the morning. Miss two
dialog: trainings, you're gone.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Yes, meneer.
speaker_heading: SMIT
dialog: Come tomorrow. See this old
dialog: kaffir.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Yes, meneer. Thank you, meneer.
speaker_heading: VON ZYL
dialog: Lieutenant, a word?
text: The two men step off to the side.
speaker_heading: GEEL PIET
dialog: Don't worry, little baas. Little
dialog: can beat big any day. First with
text: the head, then with the heart.
dialog: Little defeat big when little is
dialog: smart. You can remember that?
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: GEEL PIET
dialog: No, no. Don't never call me sir.
dialog: 'Specially in front of the guards.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: What should I call you?
speaker_heading: GEEL PIET
dialog: Piet. Geel Piet.
speaker_heading: COACH
dialog: Kaffir. Towels.
text: Geel Piet assumes his submissive posture again.
speaker_heading: GEEL PIET
dialog: Okay, baas. Coming, baas.
text: He winks at PK and shuffles off. A BELL SOUNDS.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 47.
scene_heading: 65 EXT. CARNIVAL 65
text: A bell at the top of a strongman's game sounds. A big
text: Boer farmer, mallet in hand, roars in triumph, swinging
text: the mallet again and ringing the bell again.
scene_heading: 66 ANGLE ON PK AND MARIA 66
text: walking through the carnival, munching popcorn.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: You took a big chance talking to
dialog: my father the way you did.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Not really. Going in I was behind
dialog: on points with him. I'm English.
dialog: I attend a politically suspect
dialog: school. I'm a boxer.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: He likes boxers.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: All men like boxers. But not for
dialog: their daughters. So I had to find
dialog: some way to make an impression.
text: They get on line for the Ferris wheel.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: You could have picked a more
dialog: agreeable topic.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: And made much less of an
dialog: impression. Talk to someone
dialog: about their passion. Even if they
dialog: disagree they'll remember you.
dialog: It was really the most logical
dialog: strategy if you think about it.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Do you spend hours thinking
dialog: about how to deal with me, too?
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Days.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Know what I think?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: 48.
dialog: You're dangerous.
text: Their turn comes to mount the Ferris wheel. They get
text: into the seat and strap in.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: When I was little we would go to
dialog: my grandfather's farm in the high
dialog: veldt for holiday.
text: The Ferris wheel starts to go up.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: My father would take me to the top
dialog: of the highest hill and we'd play
dialog: this game, 'What Do You See' until
dialog: we ran out of things to see. Do
dialog: you ever play that?
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Want to try?
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Sure.
text: The Ferris wheel stops to let more people on. Johannesburg
text: glitters beyond.
speaker_heading: MARIA
text: I see a forest. It goes on
text: forever. There are giant trees
dialog: which keep getting bigger and
dialog: bigger over thousands of years.
dialog: Now you.
text: The wheel begins to move a little higher and then stops.
speaker_heading: PK
text: I see little trees growing on the
dialog: forest floor, learning to grow
text: with the little bit of light the
dialog: big trees let in. Now you.
speaker_heading: MARIA
text: I see the big trees getting bigger,
text: their leaves and branches making
text: one great green umbrella over all
dialog: of Africa.
text: The wheel stops again at its highest point.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: 49.
text: I see the sun growing weaker,
text: giving off less light. I see the
dialog: big trees dying because they
dialog: cannot live without a lot of
text: light. I see the little trees
dialog: take over the forest because they
dialog: learn to adapt.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: You tell a very good story.
text: Her eyes sparkle, making her irresistible. PK leans
text: forward. Maria turns her face towards him. Her lips
text: part slightly. They kiss tenderly.
text: The CAMERA RISES FROM them TO the star-littered sky
text: twinkling above. The sky goes from black to grey as
text: the CAMERA PANS DOWN.
speaker_heading: GEEL PIET (V.O.)
dialog: (sing-song)
dialog: Can't hit you, can't hurt you.
dialog: Can't hit you, can't hurt you.
dialog: Can't hit you, can't hurt you.
dialog: That's it. Good. Good.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 67 INT. PRISON BOXING ROOM 67
text: Geel Piet is punching at PK, slowly, with a large pair
text: of gloves. The seven-year-old bobs and weaves quite
text: expertly. Geel Piet stops, winded.
speaker_heading: GEEL PIET
dialog: You wear out this old man. See?
dialog: See how it can work? How little
dialog: beat big?
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Yes, sir. But when do I get to
dialog: punch?
speaker_heading: GEEL PIET
dialog: You not going to just punch, man.
dialog: You going to combination.
text: He demonstrates.
speaker_heading: GEEL PIET
dialog: One-two. One-two. C'mon. Now
dialog: you. One-two. One-two.
dialog: 50.
text: PK does his best to mimic.
speaker_heading: GEEL PIET
dialog: Oh do we have a boxer here. Yes
dialog: sir. We build you to eight-punch
dialog: combination. The Geel Piet eight.
dialog: Then you catch afire. One-two.
dialog: One-two.
text: Doc appears in the doorway.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: How is the next Joe Louis this
dialog: morning?
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Try and hit me.
text: Doc chuckles.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: No. C'mon.
text: Doc takes a half-hearted swing. PK bobs expertly.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: No. Try hard.
text: Doc sets up and swings left, then right. PK avoids
dialog: both swings.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: You are amazing.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: And I'm going to learn the Geel
dialog: Piet eight.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: Yes, yes, yes. But right now
dialog: you have to come learn the
dialog: Beethoven Fifth for one hour so
dialog: we can get to the cactus before
dialog: it's too hot to plant. Did you
dialog: bring her?
text: PK points to a nearby bucket.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Parchypodium Namquanium.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: Excellent. Excellent. We make
dialog: from you a champion and a brain.
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: GEEL PIET
dialog: (furtive)
dialog: Excuse me, big baas. But can I
dialog: talk to the small baas?
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: Of course.
text: Geel Piet looks hesitantly from the man to the boy and
text: then begins.
speaker_heading: GEEL PIET
dialog: Every day I see you bring the
text: bucket and in the bottom is some
dialog: tobacco leaf.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: It keeps the roots wet.
speaker_heading: GEEL PIET
dialog: What happens to the leaf after?
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: A little I use in some water to
dialog: make a bug spray for the plants.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: And the rest we throw away.
text: Geel Piet fidgets. He drops his head, speaking low.
speaker_heading: GEEL PIET
dialog: If you leave the pail when you go
dialog: plant is a problem, small baas?
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: I don't understand.
speaker_heading: GEEL PIET
dialog: Is like this. You see how hard
dialog: the life is for the people here in
dialog: prison. Only little pleasure they
dialog: take from this hard life maybe
dialog: sometimes when no one watching
text: late at night -- a little smoke.
dialog: Now with the big war in Europe
dialog: tobacco is plenty hard to get
text: outside. Inside it is gone.
dialog: We are the forgotten in here.
speaker_heading: PK
text: We have bunches of leaves at home.
dialog: I'll bring a whole bucketful
dialog: tomorrow.
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: GEEL PIET
dialog: No, no. Mustn't do that, little
dialog: baas.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: I don't understand.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: What Geel Piet means is it can be
dialog: dangerous. Something the guards
dialog: might not want the people to have.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: What's wrong with tobacco? Why
dialog: wouldn't they want them to have it?
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: What's wrong is people whose job
dialog: it is to punish. After a little
dialog: while it is all they know how to
dialog: do.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: What should I do?
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: This is for you to answer.
text: The sound of a TRUNCHEON on METAL turns them to the door
text: where SERGEANT BORMANN, a side of beef with a sadist's
text: eyes, stands, truncheon in hand. He enters the room and
text: circles the trio.
speaker_heading: BORMANN
dialog: I smell something not right here,
dialog: ay, kaffir?
text: He pokes Geel Piet with his truncheon.
speaker_heading: GEEL PIET
dialog: (submissive)
dialog: No, meneer sergeant. Everything
dialog: okay here.
text: Bormann swings his truncheon into the back of Geel Piet's
text: knees, buckling the little man to the floor.
speaker_heading: BORMANN
dialog: I don't fuckin' believe you.
text: He glares at Doc and PK.
speaker_heading: BORMANN
dialog: If you're up to something I'll
dialog: find out.
dialog: 53.
text: Bormann, still eying them suspiciously, exits. Doc and
text: PK help Geel Piet up.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: Schweinhund.
speaker_heading: GEEL PIET
dialog: No, no. This old kaffir's okay.
dialog: Sorry to make any trouble, little
dialog: baas. We just stick to the boxing
dialog: now on. Sorry, sorry.
text: Geel Piet goes hobbling off, picking up towels. Doc
text: and PK go to exit. At the door PK turns.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Geel Piet.
text: Geel Piet turns.
speaker_heading: PK
text: I leave my bucket on the side by
dialog: Doc's toilet when I practice
dialog: piano.
text: Geel Piet breaks out a smile he usually keeps to himself
text: and exits. PK looks up at Doc who tossles his hair
text: approvingly.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: PK, to me you are the champion of
dialog: the world already. Come. Let us
dialog: go box now with Mr. Beethoven.
text: PK and Doc exit.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 68 INT. SOLLY'S GYM 68
text: PK in the ring is about to start sparring. Solly gives
text: him instruction as Morrie stands by.
speaker_heading: SOLLY
text: Now at the end of the Geel Piet
dialog: eight you do this... one-two...
dialog: (he punches
dialog: the air)
dialog: One-two-three... the Solly Goldman
dialog: thirteen. Okay?
text: PK nods. Solly hits the BELL. The sparring begins. PK
text: works his way in.
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: SOLLY
dialog: That's it. That's it. Move him
text: around. Jab jab. Slip slip.
dialog: Now.
text: PK pours it on, laying in the Geel Piet eight. Solly is
text: silently counting.
speaker_heading: SOLLY
dialog: And... one-two... one-two-three.
text: PK fires the last three punches like lightning and backs
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: SOLLY
dialog: That's it. That's it. Now work
text: around the defense. Jab jab.
text: The opponent becomes aggressive. PK starts dancing,
text: slipping punches.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: How do you get away with this,
dialog: Mr. G? Why don't they close you
dialog: down? I mean, there are laws about
text: blacks and white boxing each other.
speaker_heading: SOLLY
text: In a public match. Not in a gym.
dialog: Not yet anyway. The Boer is a
text: funny people. Outside the ring
dialog: the black is not equal. Inside he
dialog: is. But only in private, not in
dialog: public. So I keep my mouth shut,
text: the police go a little blind, and
dialog: that's that. It's a crazy world,
dialog: huh?
text: A WHISTLE from across the gym draws Solly's attention.
text: He and Morrie turn to his office where his assistant
text: stands with the tall black man from the Schoolboy
text: Championships. Solly's face takes on a serious ex-
text: pression. He rings the bell. He turns to Morrie.
speaker_heading: SOLLY
text: Work him on the heavy bag.
text: Solly heads for his office.
scene_heading: 69 ANGLE ON PK 69
text: turning away from his opponent. He and the tall black
text: man trade a glance just before the man enters Solly's
dialog: 55.
text: office and Solly closes the door.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 70 INT. GYM 70
text: PK pounds the heavy bag as Morrie stands by.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: Six, seven, eight, nine, ten.
dialog: That's it.
text: PK stops, relaxing. Morrie throws a towel over his
text: shoulders. One of Solly's ASSISTANTS comes over.
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT
dialog: Solly wants to see you two.
text: PK and Morrie look at each other and head for Solly's
dialog: office.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 71 INT. OFFICE 71
text: Solly faces the door as it opens. PK and Morrie enter.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: You wanted to see us, Mr. G.?
speaker_heading: SOLLY
dialog: Close the door.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Someone I got a lot of respect
dialog: for asked me to make a request.
dialog: He wants to put you in a match.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: With who?
speaker_heading: SOLLY
text: A young guy just turned pro.
dialog: Gideon Mandoma.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: A black fighter! They want him
dialog: to fight a black fighter?
speaker_heading: SOLLY
text: In a black township. Sofiatown.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: Out of the question. Not even
dialog: up for discussion. C'mon, P.K.
dialog: 56.
text: Morrie goes to exit. PK doesn't.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Who asked you to ask?
speaker_heading: SOLLY
dialog: The man who promotes all the
dialog: fights in Sofiatown -- Elias
dialog: Nguni.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: And you trust him?
speaker_heading: SOLLY
dialog: In thirty years I know him,
text: number one on the list.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: You're both out of your minds.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Did he tell you why he wants the
dialog: match?
speaker_heading: SOLLY
dialog: I told you what he told me.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Just talking boxing -- how do I
dialog: match up with Mandoma?
speaker_heading: SOLLY
dialog: Pretty even.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: I mean besides getting thrown out
dialog: of school and into jail, do you
dialog: know what else happens you do
dialog: this? He's a pro. The minute
dialog: you fight him you're a pro.
speaker_heading: SOLLY
text: There's no purse being offered.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: That's a good career move. Risk
dialog: everything to gain nothing. Very
dialog: sound business sense.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Tell Mr. Nguni I'll think about
dialog: it.
text: PK exits with Morrie steaming behind. They head for
text: the locker room, PK clearly perturbed.
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: Okay. What's going on?
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: Well why don't you tell me what
dialog: you do know.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: There's an African myth about an
dialog: outsider who comes one day and
dialog: unites all the tribes into one
dialog: against their oppressors. They
dialog: call it the myth of Onoshobishobi
dialog: Ingelosi -- the tadpole angel.
dialog: That chanting at the school
dialog: championships?
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: For you?
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: I haven't heard it in years.
text: PK begins to disrobe.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: And how did this honor fall on
dialog: your broad back?
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: I told you about bringing tobacco
dialog: to the prisoners at Barberton?
dialog: Well after that was going for a
dialog: while I learned that even though
dialog: they could send and receive
dialog: letters, they never did. They
dialog: couldn't read or write.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: So you did it for them.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: And after that?
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: A clothing program for their
text: families and a food program.
dialog: One thing sort of led to another.
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: I can see where 'angel' would be
dialog: an appropriate title.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But it was, uh, this Geel Piet
dialog: who was really behind all of it,
dialog: wasn't it?
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: He was very good at pointing
dialog: things out.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: Man like that should be running
text: a country, not rotting in prison.
speaker_heading: PK
text: He's not in prison anymore.
dialog: (pause)
text: He's dead.
text: PK steps into the shower pulling the curtain closed.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 72 INT. GYM 72
text: PK and Morrie exit the locker room.
scene_heading: 73 PK'S POV - ACROSS GYM TO MARIA 73
text: talking to Solly. She sees PK and smiles.
scene_heading: 74 BACK TO SCENE 74
text: PK and Morrie come up.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: I thought I'd surprise you.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Well, you succeeded.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Mr. Goldman was explaining the
text: theory behind the left hook.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: Beats talking about the weather.
dialog: You may have heard about me?
dialog: 59.
dialog: I'm Morrie.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Oh yes. How d'you do.
text: Solly's Assistant whistles for him.
speaker_heading: SOLLY
dialog: Well, nice meeting you, Maria.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Nice meeting you, Mr. Goldman.
speaker_heading: SOLLY
dialog: We never had a girl come to the
dialog: gym.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: It's not such a bad thing, huh?
text: Solly moves off.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: You got a pass to come out on a
dialog: weeknight?
text: Maria lifts her jumper a bit, displaying the results
text: of treeclimbing on her knees.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Your tree pass.
text: PK moves Maria and Morrie off down the stairs.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Do you box too, Morrie?
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: Do I look that daft?
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Morrie's the brains of the
dialog: operation.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: He means the bank. Your boyfriend
dialog: has a great head for literature
dialog: but none for finance.
text: They exit the staircase.
scene_heading: 75 THEIR POV - ACROSS THE WAY - NGUNI 75
text: in the shadow of the alley stands, smoking a cigarette.
dialog: 60.
scene_heading: 76 BACK TO SCENE 76
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: (in Zulu)
dialog: I see you, Nguni.
speaker_heading: NGUNI
dialog: I see you, P.K.
text: They talk across the narrow street.
speaker_heading: NGUNI
dialog: You have heard my request?
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Yes. Why do you make it?
speaker_heading: NGUNI
text: A woman has thrown the sacred ox
text: bones. She has made a fire and
dialog: read the smoke.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: What did she read?
speaker_heading: NGUNI
dialog: That the Onoshobishobi Ingelosi
dialog: who is a chief must fight the
dialog: one who one day will be a chief.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: But it's not true that I'm a
dialog: chief.
speaker_heading: NGUNI
dialog: Who knows what is true and what is
dialog: not. The legend of Onoshobishobi
dialog: Ingelosi is very powerful among
dialog: the people. They see you box the
dialog: Boer and always you win. They
dialog: have heard the stories from
dialog: Barberton. The people live with
dialog: little hope. They must see if the
text: spirit of the boy still lives in
dialog: the man.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: And if I lose? If the spirit of
dialog: the Onoshobishobi Ingelosi does
dialog: not exist in me anymore, then what
dialog: will they live with?
speaker_heading: NGUNI
dialog: Less hope. But still they must
dialog: 61.
dialog: see. It is our way.
text: At that moment a spotlight blinds them. A police car
text: comes up the alley, stopping in front of them. The
text: POLICE exit, threatening.
speaker_heading: POLICE #1
dialog: What's this here?
text: Maria is gripped by fear. Morrie is cautious, unmoving.
speaker_heading: PK
text: An old family servant, Officer.
dialog: From home. We just ran into each
dialog: other.
speaker_heading: POLICE #2
dialog: Papers, man. Come on, be quick.
text: Nguni reaches into his pocket.
speaker_heading: POLICE #1
dialog: Where you coming from?
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Gym, sir. I train there.
speaker_heading: POLICE #1
dialog: And you?
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: I'm his manager.
text: The Police look at each other and share a laugh.
speaker_heading: POLICE #2
dialog: (to Maria)
dialog: And you're the sparring partner,
dialog: hey?
text: The Police laugh. Police #2, satisfied Nguni's papers
text: are in order, hands them back.
speaker_heading: POLICE #2
dialog: You have an hour to curfew and a
dialog: long way to go, kaffir. Be off.
speaker_heading: NGUNI
dialog: (subservient)
dialog: Yes, baas. Going right now.
text: Nguni moves off, no semblance of the proud man in his
text: gait.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: 62.
dialog: Nguni.
text: Nguni turns.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: I'll do it.
text: Nguni smiles and disappears into the night. PK watches
dialog: him go.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 77 EXT. DEVILLIERS SCHOOL 77
text: PK and Maria stand by the tree set to climb over the
dialog: wall.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: I'm scared for you, PK.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Solly's a great teacher. He
dialog: wouldn't put me in a fight I
dialog: couldn't handle.
speaker_heading: MARIE
dialog: I mean about how involved you are
dialog: with the black people. That
dialog: scares me.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Because you don't understand them.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: No I don't.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: If you did you wouldn't be so
dialog: scared. You ever have a
dialog: conversation with a black person?
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Of course.
speaker_heading: PK
text: Besides a servant.
text: Maria's silence is her answer.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: You should sometime.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: I hate it when you tease me.
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Sorry.
text: He kisses her.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: (pouty)
dialog: No you're not.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Yes I am.
text: He kisses her again. This time she responds, kissing him
text: back. The kisses become more passionate, touching, feel-
text: ing. The heat in both of them begins to rise when a car
text: passes, its headlights arcing across the tree, startling
text: them out of their passion. They cling to the shadows
text: until the car turns the corner.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: I better go.
text: They kiss once, lightly. PK boosts her over the wall and
text: waits until she is safely on the other side before run-
text: ning off into the night.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 78 INT. OXFORD BOARD OF EXAMINERS ROOM - DAY 78
text: The Oxford Board of EXAMINERS, eminent academics all, sit
text: four across at a lecture table, looking absolutely musty
text: with learning. Across from them PK sits, a folder in his
text: lap. One man, PROFESSOR LEWIS, peruses the file in front
dialog: of him.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: According to your submission you
dialog: have ambitions to be a writer and
dialog: the welterweight boxing champion of
dialog: the world.
text: Lewis reads the last sentence with a tinge of amusement
text: in his voice.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Don't you find seeking a career as
text: a pugilist and reading for a
dialog: degree at Oxford a bit, how shall
dialog: we put it, intellectually
dialog: 64.
dialog: incompatible.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Lord Byron was a boxer, sir. And
dialog: I've never heard anyone question
dialog: his intellectual integrity.
text: One of the other Examiners coughs theatrically to hide
text: his smile. Lewis looks down the table at the man.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: I do not recall Lord Byron
dialog: actually engaging in matches for
dialog: money.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Actually, sir, there are several
dialog: recorded instances of Lord Byron
dialog: engaging in matches for quite
text: large sums of money.
speaker_heading: EXAMINER #2
dialog: Quite right. Yes. In a letter to
dialog: his wife Shelley makes mention of
dialog: just such a thing. For hundreds
dialog: of pounds, actually.
dialog: Lewis has heard enough.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Let's move along, shall we? As
dialog: your presentational you've
dialog: requested to read from a work of
dialog: your own fiction.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Well, then, let us hope we'll be
text: treated to the stirrings of
dialog: another Byron.
text: His sarcasm is not lost on PK. PK ignores it, opens his
text: folder, and begins to read.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: The Concerto for the Southland and
dialog: the Death of Geel Piet.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: His name was Geel Piet -- yellow
dialog: Peter. He was a mix of half the
dialog: blood in Africa -- Dutch,
dialog: Portuguese, Zulu, Sotha, and who
dialog: knew what else. His father
dialog: 65.
dialog: deserted his mother before he was
dialog: born. His stepfather threw him
dialog: out to survive on the streets of
dialog: Capetown when he was nine.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 79 INT. BARBERTON PRISON BOXING RING 79
text: Geel Piet is instructing a nine-year-old PK in the Geel
text: Piet eight. Both boy and man are enjoying what they do
dialog: -- and each other.
speaker_heading: PK (V.O.)
dialog: When I met him he had spent forty
dialog: of his fifty-five years in one
dialog: South African prison or another.
text: He was a thief, a con man, a black
dialog: marketeer.
text: As the narration continues, the SCENE FADES TO:
scene_heading: 80 TWELVE-YEAR-OLD PK 80
text: with a much better grasp of the Geel Piet eight. He and
text: Geel Piet seem closer than ever.
speaker_heading: PK (V.O.)
dialog: He may even have killed a man or
dialog: two in his time. But despite all
dialog: that he was one of the kindest,
dialog: wisest, most self-effacing persons
dialog: I ever knew. He was my teacher;
dialog: he was my friend.
speaker_heading: FADE TO:
scene_heading: 81 INT. PRISON ROOM 81
text: PK sits opposite a black prisoner who talks to him. PK,
text: thirteen years old now, writes what the man says on a
text: piece of paper. When he is finished, he folds it, puts
text: it into an envelope, and hand it to the man. The man
text: smiles, shakes PK's hand profusely, and exits. PK turns
text: to Geel Piet who is on his hands and knees polishing the
text: floor, seemingly part of the surroundings. Geel Piet and
text: PK share a smile.
speaker_heading: PK (V.O.)
dialog: Geel Piet bore no animosity, held
dialog: no hate. Should a guard beat him
dialog: he regarded it as self-inflicted,
dialog: 66.
dialog: the result of some carelessness on
dialog: his part. To survive the system
dialog: he lived in he became an expert in
dialog: the art of camouflage, a master of
dialog: the invisible. In this he strove
dialog: to be perfect, and in the end it
dialog: was his quest for perfection that
dialog: provoked anger from above and
dialog: killed him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 82 EXT. PRISON CACTUS GARDEN 82
text: Quite advanced after five years of planting. PK and Geel
text: Piet are bent over a cactus, transplanting it. A group
text: of prisoners on the way to a hard-labor work task march
text: by. They chant a verse to Onoshobishobi Ingelosi. PK is
text: a little embarrassed by it.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: You know every time they do that I
dialog: want to jump up and say I'm just a
dialog: twelve-year-old. I'm not anything
dialog: else.
speaker_heading: GEEL PIET
dialog: To them you are. You are the one
dialog: who brings the smoke, the one who
dialog: writes the letters, the one who
dialog: puts clothes on their children
dialog: when they are cold. You are
dialog: Onoshobishobi Ingelosi.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: But you know that's not true.
speaker_heading: GEEL PIET
dialog: Who is to say what is true and
dialog: what is not true, kleine baas.
text: Doc comes running up, excited, waving a newspaper.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: The Allied armies have crossed the
dialog: Rhine into Germany. It is almost
dialog: over.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: That's great, isn't it?
text: He turns to Geel Piet.
speaker_heading: GEEL PIET
dialog: 67.
dialog: (subdued)
dialog: Yes, kleine baas.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: You are a good faker, Geel Piet.
dialog: but you don't think it's great at
dialog: all. It means you lose your star
dialog: letter writer and tobacco
dialog: importer.
speaker_heading: GEEL PIET
dialog: No matter that, Professor. We
dialog: always manage here. What pains me
dialog: most is I lose my boxer.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: I'll come back.
speaker_heading: GEEL PIET
dialog: (adamant)
dialog: No, kleine baas. You leave this
dialog: damn place you don't come back
dialog: never.
speaker_heading: DOC
text: Geel Piet, when a painter finishes
text: a work of art he doesn't lose it.
dialog: He sends it out in the world so
text: everyone can see the genius of his
dialog: creation. This is what you are
dialog: going to do. And to celebrate the
dialog: launch of such a work of art as
dialog: you have made our boxer here, I
dialog: have composed an entire concerto
dialog: -- 'The Concerto for the Southland'
dialog: -- which it is my intention to
dialog: play in concert for the prisoners
dialog: before I leave.
speaker_heading: GEEL PIET
dialog: Not possible. The kommandant
dialog: never allow the people to have
dialog: such a thing.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: He'll think it's a concert for him
dialog: and the brass. But we'll know,
dialog: ay? And the people will know.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: He'll never let black be with
dialog: white here, Doc.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: If the black is part of the
dialog: 68.
dialog: orchestra, like the piano, he
dialog: will.
speaker_heading: GEEL PIET
dialog: But the people have no instruments
dialog: in this place, big baas.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: They have their voices. Each
dialog: tribe a different voice, a
dialog: different language -- all singing
dialog: together. It is brilliant, no?
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Except the tribes don't trust each
dialog: other. They don't even talk to
dialog: each other.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: (crestfallen)
dialog: Oh. This is correct. This stupid
dialog: hatred.
speaker_heading: GEEL PIET
dialog: They will do it for you, kleine
dialog: baas. You are Onoshobishobi
dialog: Ingelosi. You bring the tobacco.
dialog: You write the letters. You put
text: clothes on their children's bodies
text: and food in their bellies. All
dialog: you do is ask and they all sing
dialog: for you.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: He's right. Wunderbar. You are
dialog: the smartest of us all.
text: Geel Piet smiles as he lifts the watering pot to exit. A
text: truncheon stops him. All turn to Sergeant Bormann.
speaker_heading: BORMANN
dialog: A kaffir smarter than all of us?
dialog: You are a strange German,
dialog: Professor.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: That little maniac with the
dialog: moustache in Berlin you admire.
dialog: He is the strange German. And
dialog: soon kaput, I hope.
speaker_heading: BORMANN
dialog: If that's true you'll not be long
dialog: for this place, eh, Professor?
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: No, Sergeant. God willing.
speaker_heading: BORMANN
dialog: And you, too, little Rooinek. But
dialog: you, kaffir, Hitler comes or
dialog: goes...
text: He takes Geel Piet's hand.
speaker_heading: BORMANN
dialog: You are going to stay with me.
text: He forces Geel Piet's hand closer and closer to a cactus
text: with long thorns.
speaker_heading: BORMANN
dialog: And I will find out all your
dialog: secrets once your friends are
dialog: gone. One slip...
text: He pushes Geel Piet's hands onto the cactus needle. Geel
text: Piet does not cry out.
speaker_heading: BORMANN
dialog: I have you.
text: He lets go of Geel Piet's hand. Geel Piet removes it
text: from the cactus, bloodied.
speaker_heading: BORMANN
dialog: Get out of here.
text: Geel Piet takes his watering can and goes.
speaker_heading: BORMANN
dialog: You see, Professor, they are not
dialog: like us. A white man would scream
dialog: bloody murder.
text: Doc and PK glare at Bormann. He smirks and walks away.
speaker_heading: PK (V.O.)
dialog: As the weeks went by and the date
dialog: for the concert grew closer, my
text: life was a whirlwind.
text: PK and Geel Piet appear before various tribal leaders,
text: talking, agreeing, shaking hands.
speaker_heading: PK (V.O.)
dialog: Having obtained the cooperation of
dialog: all the tribal groups, we set
text: about instructing them. Four men
dialog: from each tribe were taught the
dialog: 70.
dialog: intricacies of their group's
dialog: parts. They were the choral
dialog: leaders responsible for teaching
dialog: the others.
text: PK and Doc instruct. Doc plays the piano. PK leads the
text: singers. Geel Piet turns the pages for Doc.
speaker_heading: PK (V.O.)
text: At night the prison hummed with
text: the men in their cells practicing.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 83 EXT. PRISON TOWER 83
text: Nervous guards patrol as the SOUNDS of the prisoners
text: singing wafts through the air.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 84 INT. BOXING ROOM 84
text: Geel Piet instructs PK.
speaker_heading: P.K. (V.O.)
dialog: My boxing instruction accelerated
dialog: as well. It was as if Geel Piet
dialog: was trying to give me every bit
dialog: of boxing knowledge he had before
dialog: we parted. And always from the
text: corners and shadows Bormann
dialog: watched and waited.
text: Bormann watches PK and Geel Piet from the door of his
text: room, his truncheon beating idly against his leg.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 85 INT. RING 85
text: A photographer sets up a group picture of the boxing
text: squad -- kids and guards. Geel Piet stands off to one
text: side, OUT OF FRAME.
speaker_heading: PK (V.O.)
dialog: Our boxing squad, the Barberton
dialog: Blues, won the State Championship
dialog: with a perfect record. I won at
dialog: 100 lbs. It was my first
dialog: championship. It made me want
dialog: 71.
dialog: more.
text: The group disperses. PK beckons the photographer to
text: wait. He grabs Geel Piet and forces him to stand,
text: much to the little man's protestations, for a photo
text: of the two of them. As the picture is taken Geel
text: Piet has the widest smile imaginable.
scene_heading: 86 INT. PRISON YARD - NIGHT 86
text: The guards, all in crisp uniforms, patrol nervously,
text: truncheons at the ready. The towers bristle with guns
text: as hundreds of black prisoners file into the yard.
speaker_heading: PK (V.O.)
dialog: Finally the night of the concert
text: arrived. The prison atmosphere,
text: normally tense, was keening.
text: Each prisoner entering the yard
dialog: is searched. It was prison policy
dialog: to keep tribal rivalries boiling.
dialog: Divide and conquer. The policy
dialog: of control.
speaker_heading: PK (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: This was to be the first time
dialog: in the history of the South
dialog: African prison system that the
dialog: tribes were allowed to mingle.
dialog: And if trouble came, it would be
dialog: the last.
text: All the prisoners are seated on the ground behind Doc,
text: who is raised with the piano on a small stage. Guards
text: surround the prisoners -- a solid, edgy border encasing
text: a black center. The front of the yard is filled with
text: seats on which sit the Kommandant, his wife, assorted
text: prison brass, politicians, and a smattering of the local
text: Afrikaan Hierarchy. PK is overseeing the seating of the
text: prisoners when Doc comes up to him.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: Have you seen my page turner?
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: No.
text: He asks a prisoner in Zulu.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Have you seen Geel Piet?
text: The man shakes his head. PK looks worried.
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: (reassuring)
dialog: He will come.
text: The Kommandant, all medals and polished leather, mounts
text: the stage, signaling a beginning to the festivities.
speaker_heading: VON ZYL
dialog: Where is Bormann? I need Bormann
dialog: to translate to the prisoners.
speaker_heading: SMIT
dialog: I don't know, Kommandant.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: Is there a problem here,
dialog: Kommandant?
speaker_heading: VON ZYL
dialog: I want to address these filthy
dialog: kaffirs but I don't have a
dialog: translator.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: I'll translate.
speaker_heading: VON ZYL
dialog: You can speak Zulu, PK?
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: VON ZYL
dialog: All right. Listen up.
text: He addresses the prisoners.
speaker_heading: VON ZYL
dialog: Tell them this concert is the gift
dialog: to them from the professor who,
text: even though he is in prison, is
dialog: not a dirty criminal like them
dialog: but a man of culture and learning.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: (subtitled)
dialog: The Kommandant welcomes you and
dialog: looks forward to the great
dialog: singing.
speaker_heading: VON ZYL
dialog: For such a man I am happy to do
dialog: this. But one hair of trouble
dialog: and it's finish.
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: (subtitled)
dialog: He hopes each tribe will sing its
dialog: best and bring honor to its
dialog: people.
speaker_heading: VON ZYL
dialog: One wrong move and you get marched
dialog: back to your cells and don't come
dialog: out for a month.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: (subtitled)
dialog: He says tonight let us be one
text: people under the African sky.
text: The prisoners break into spontaneous applause. Von Zyl
text: looks at PK, unsuspecting, pleased.
speaker_heading: VON ZYL
dialog: You did a good job.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Thank you, sir.
speaker_heading: VON ZYL
dialog: Professor?
text: He turns the stage over to the professor and takes his
text: seat. The professor sits at his stool, poised. PK, in
text: front of the singers, watches him for a cue. Doc drops
text: his head. PK points to a group of singers. MUSIC and
text: VOICE blend spontaneously. "The Concerto for the Great
text: Southland" begins.
text: Doc plays magnificently with great style. PK focuses on
text: leading the singers. Each section, each tribe singing
text: its own songs with its own distinct cultural imprints on
text: rhythm, pace and tone.
scene_heading: 87 CLOSE UP ON PK 87
text: leading the singers in and out of the MUSIC.
scene_heading: 88 FLASH TO TRUNCHEON 88
text: being raised and lowered on a familiar back.
scene_heading: 89 BACK TO SCENE 89
text: PK is caught short by the flash. He falters a bit, then
text: regains his concentration.
dialog: 74.
scene_heading: 90 FLASH TO TRUNCHEON 90
text: coming down on a familiar head -- Geel Peit's.
scene_heading: 91 ANOTHER ANGLE 91
text: Instinctively the first four prisoners in each group,
text: the leaders, stand and turn to face their people. They
text: take up the lead. PK, distracted by his inner vision,
text: runs off stage. Doc looks after him, worried, but keeps
dialog: playing.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 92 INT. PRISON 92
text: PK runs through the empty cell blocks looking for some-
text: one. PK runs through the corridors. He runs through the
text: kitchens, the empty dining area, the SOUND of the concert
text: chasing after him.
text: He runs through the recreation area and past the boxing
text: room when he hears a THUD, and another.
scene_heading: 93 INT. BOXING ROOM 93
text: He bolts into the room and hits the light switch. The
text: light over the ring comes on, illuminating Bormann,
text: truncheon raised over the lifeless, broken body of Geel
dialog: Piet.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: No!
text: Startled, Bormann jumps out of the ring and runs off. PK
text: scrambles into the ring and cradles the lifeless, blood-
text: ied head in his lap, and begins to sob.
text: PAN DOWN along Geel Piet's arm to his bloodied hand,
text: holding the snapshot of him and PK.
text: The Concerto grows LOUDER around PK until it enfolds him
text: in its melodies. The voices of Africa, the music of
text: Europe, reaching for a musical and spiritual crescendo.
speaker_heading: PK (V.O.)
dialog: Geel Piet died of massive internal
dialog: hemorrhage, the result of
text: Bormann's ramming a truncheon up
text: into the little man's body until
text: his entrails spilled out. When
text: I reached him he was already dead.
text: I sat there crying, stroking his
text: head and crying with African
dialog: 75.
text: voices rising to heaven above,
text: even as her blood soaked the
text: ground below.
text: The MUSIC SWELLS until the voices meld as one.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 94 INT. EXAMINERS' ROOM 94
text: The four examiners all sit enthralled by the story. When
text: PK looks up, a tear runs down his cheek. Lewis, who is
text: visibly moved, clears his throat. Another man blows his
text: nose with a handkerchief, covering his emotions.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Thank you very much. You will be
dialog: notified as to the University's
dialog: decision by mail.
text: PK rises and goes to exit.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
text: Point of curiousity.
text: PK turns.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Your headmaster told me your work
text: is somewhat autobiographical.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: This Bormann, he was real?
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: LEWIS
dialog: Was justice ever served?
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Yes, sir. Sergeant Bormann died
dialog: of cancer...
dialog: (pause)
text: of the rectum.
text: PK turns and exits.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 95 EXT. SCHOOL 95
dialog: 76.
text: Solly Goldman sits behind the wheel of his old car. Two
text: figures sneak out of the school and come running toward
dialog: the car.
scene_heading: 96 INT. CAR 96
text: Solly starts the engine as PK and Morrie hop in.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: We have to make a stop first.
speaker_heading: SOLLY
dialog: The night won't last forever,
dialog: boychick.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: It'll only take a minute.
text: Solly puts the car in gear and drives off.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 97 INT. MARIA'S ROOM 97
text: Maria is sleeping when a hand goes over her mouth. She
text: awakes, startled, to PK, finger to lips.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 98 EXT. BLACK TOWNSHIP 98
text: A police car patrols the edge of the vast, dark, ram-
text: shackle township, its cruiser light scanning the openings
text: to the dark rutted alleys. It passes and disappears down
text: the road. A moment later an African steps out of the
text: shadows and whistles a signal.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 99 DOWN THE ROAD 99
text: in the shadows, Nguni hears the whistle. He looks at his
text: watch and up the road, tense, as another set of head-
text: lights appears. Nguni steps back into the shadows.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 100 INT. CAR 100
dialog: 77.
text: Solly strains to see out his dirty windshield with the
text: headlights as his car bumps along the unpaved road.
speaker_heading: SOLLY
dialog: The night I escaped from the
dialog: Tsar's Army it was just like
dialog: this. Six of us -- four Jews,
text: two Ukranians. Dark as anything.
dialog: No streets. In the day we hid in
dialog: bushes. At night we went.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: You deserted?
speaker_heading: SOLLY
dialog: Whey they come take you at
dialog: thirteen years old and tell you
dialog: it's twenty-five years in the
dialog: Army, it's your duty to desert.
text: Nguni steps out right into the path of the headlights.
text: Solly hits the brake hard, throwing everyone forward.
speaker_heading: SOLLY
dialog: You said the end of the road.
speaker_heading: NGUNI
dialog: Yes, yes. Sorry. I drive.
text: He opens Solly's door with some urgency. Nguni sees
dialog: Maria.
speaker_heading: NGUNI
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Welcome, miss, welcome.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Thank you.
text: Nguni turns into the township and is swallowed by the
text: dark.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 101 INT. CAR 101
text: The car bounces along the rutted darkened streets of the
text: township. The glow of smoldering cooking fires through
text: open doorways offers minimal illumination to the squalid
text: lives within. Maria peers out at a world she has never
text: seen. As the car drives, women and children gather along
text: the road peering in. Mothers point to PK, instructing
dialog: their children.
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: VOICES
dialog: Onoshobishobi Ingelosi.
speaker_heading: NGUNI
dialog: The people have come from
dialog: everywhere to see you.
text: Maria takes PK's hand, a little nervous. PK smiles at
text: her confidently.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: Where are the men?
speaker_heading: NGUNI
dialog: They are to be witness.
text: The muffled sounds of VOICES SINGING reaches them, grow-
text: ing louder as they approach. Maria is tense. Nguni
text: senses this. He turns to her.
speaker_heading: NGUNI
dialog: No worry, miss. It is the sound
dialog: of happiness.
text: He stops the car at a door in a high wooden wall guarded
text: by two big men.
speaker_heading: NGUNI
dialog: We are here.
text: Everyone gets out of the car and passes through the door
text: which shuts behind them.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 102 INT. DIMLY LIT CORRIDOR 102
text: Nguni leads everyone down the hallway. PK is dressed to
text: fight, hands taped, robe thrown over his shoulders.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: I don't see why we have to weigh
dialog: in. They're going to fight
dialog: anyway.
speaker_heading: NGUNI
dialog: It is very important the people
dialog: see everything is correct.
text: They come to an arch which leads into a big empty room.
text: In the center of the room stands a scale and a dozen
text: Africans, all dressed in worn but neatly pressed suits.
text: Mandoma, the other man who attended PK's fight at school,
text: clad only in boxing gear, waits on PK.
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: (in Zulu)
dialog: I see you, Gideon Mandoma.
speaker_heading: MANDOMA
dialog: I see you, PK.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: I just want you to know you fight
text: a man. Onoshobishobi Ingelosi is
dialog: just a name I was given at
dialog: Barberton Prison. It means
dialog: nothing.
speaker_heading: MANDOMA
dialog: It is not for you or me to say
dialog: what it means.
text: An old man, one of the dignitaries says something to
dialog: Nguni.
speaker_heading: NGUNI
dialog: Please.
text: He motions for PK to step on the scale. PK does. The
text: weight is duly noted. Mandoma then does the same. The
text: twelve men are satisfied. They head for the exit.
speaker_heading: NGUNI
dialog: It is time.
text: He motions for the others to follow. PK goes to walk
text: with Maria. Nguni pairs him with Mandoma. They exit the
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 103 INT. CORRIDOR 103
text: The party walks towards a big double door behind which a
text: single VOICE PREACHING can be vaguely heard. Nguni
text: knocks on the door.
scene_heading: 104 EXT. SOCCER FIELD 104
text: The doors open to an entire soccer field jammed with
text: humanity. A boxing ring is raised in the center. The
text: only lights in the area directly over it. With the
text: twelve witnesses in the lead, the party makes its way
text: through a path in the crowd. An OLD WOMAN with a fly
text: switch, not unlike Inkosikazi's, speaks from the ring.
text: As PK passes the whispers start.
speaker_heading: WHISPERS
dialog: Onoshobishobi.
dialog: 80.
text: The Woman in the ring begins to chant. The crowd picks
dialog: it up.
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: Onoshobishopi Ingelosi.
dialog: Shobi shobi Ingelosi.
text: PK looks back at Maria who is a bit unnerved, as are
text: Morrie and Solly. He looks across at Mandoma whose face
text: is a mask looking straight ahead, betraying nothing. The
text: two men climb into the ring and stand in their corners.
text: The Old Woman shuffles over and peers into PK's face.
text: She mutters something inaudible, then turns to the crowd.
speaker_heading: OLD WOMAN
dialog: Onoshobishobi Ingelosi.
text: The crowd picks up the chant. She waves and the crowd
text: goes silent. Somewhere in the darkness a single voice
text: begins to sing "Nkosi Sikelel I Afrika" -- the African
dialog: national anthem.
text: The crowd picks it up. PK looks down to the front row
text: where Nguni sits courteously attending to Maria in a seat
text: of honor among the twelve men in suits.
text: The African national anthem finishes. The BELL RINGS
text: three times. The Old Woman is led from the ring. An
text: Indian Referee in all white enters the ring and waves
text: the two fighters forward.
speaker_heading: REFEREE
dialog: You are listening to me please.
dialog: When I am shouting break, you must
text: break at once. When a knockdown
dialog: is coming, it is for an eight
dialog: count. No heads, no elbows. You
dialog: fight clean or by golly I am
dialog: giving you penalty points. Good
dialog: luck, boys.
text: PK and Mandoma touch gloves and go to their respective
dialog: corners.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: What do you see?
text: Solly watches Mandoma dancing across the ring.
speaker_heading: SOLLY
text: A very tough fight.
text: The BELL RINGS.
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: SOLLY
dialog: Watch the left hook.
text: Mandoma comes charging across the ring and begins to fire
text: everything in his arsenal at PK, overwhelming him. PK
text: cannot get away from him and takes a series of devastat-
text: ing combinations which end in a left hook to PK's jaw.
text: PK drops like lead. The Referee starts counting. PK
text: shakes his head clear and rises at eight. The Referee
text: checks his gloves. There is a cut under his right eye.
speaker_heading: REFEREE
dialog: Continue.
text: Again, Mandoma comes charging hard. PK defends himself
text: as best he can, trying to counter. But Mandoma's offense
text: won't allow it. He beats on PK until the round ends. PK
text: sits down in his corner. Morrie works on his eye.
speaker_heading: PK
text: God, he hits like a truck.
speaker_heading: SOLLY
text: He's going for the quick knockout.
text: He can't keep it up. Soon the
text: truck runs out of gas.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: If he catches me again like that
dialog: I'll run out of gas --
dialog: permanently.
text: The BELL SOUNDS. PK is hardly off his stool when Mandoma
text: is on him, pummeling him. PK backpedals, bobs and
text: weaves. Mandoma's punches come fast and furious, each
text: one looking to end the fight. Mandoma gets PK against
text: the ropes and bangs away. PK covers up. Mandoma
text: punishes his arms and kidneys. PK swings back and es-
text: capes. Mandoma pursues him. He catches PK with a body
text: chop and then a chopping left. PK goes down again. The
text: Referee starts to count. The crowd is completely silent.
text: The BELL RINGS. PK returns to his corner, shaking his
text: head, trying to clear it. He flops onto his stool.
speaker_heading: SOLLY
dialog: He's had it. He's got no strength
text: in his punch.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Could've fooled me.
speaker_heading: SOLLY
dialog: I'm telling you.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: 82.
dialog: Tell him.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: Look -- he's taking water.
text: They all look.
speaker_heading: 105 THEIR POV 105
text: of Mandoma, breathing heavily, sweating profusely, drinks
text: deeply from his water flask.
scene_heading: 106 BACK TO SCENE 106
speaker_heading: SOLLY
dialog: See. Where that water goes --
dialog: you go. Right to here.
text: He pokes PK's belly.
speaker_heading: SOLLY
dialog: You put your punches there, you
dialog: win. You don't, you lose.
text: The BELL RINGS. Mandoma comes charging out. PK goes on
text: defense. He hits Mandoma hard to the head. Mandoma
text: whips around and hits him hard. PK spins and hits the
text: canvas. His vision blurs, doubles. The SOUND of a
text: WATERFALL fills his head.
speaker_heading: FLASH TO:
speaker_heading: 107 PK 107
text: struggling to climb the rocks in the pool below the
text: waterfall. He is halfway across this time.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 108 REFEREE 108
speaker_heading: REFEREE
dialog: Three... four... five...
speaker_heading: FLASH TO:
speaker_heading: 109 PK 109
text: struggles to mount the fifth rock. He clings to it, wet,
text: exhausted, as the water pummels him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: 110 REFEREE 110
speaker_heading: REFEREE
dialog: ... seven... eight... nine...
text: PK rises. The crowd goes wild. The Referee holds up six
dialog: fingers.
speaker_heading: REFEREE
dialog: How many fingers?
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Six.
speaker_heading: REFEREE
dialog: Where are you?
speaker_heading: PK
text: In a fight behind on points.
speaker_heading: REFEREE
dialog: Okay. Continue.
text: Mandoma rushes in for the kill. PK feints and comes up
text: under one of Mandoma's punches, burying a body shot into
text: his gut. Mandoma grunts and backs up. PK pursues him.
text: Mandoma tries to recover. He throws another big punch.
text: PK ducks under it and puts two more hooks into Mandoma's
text: stomach. Mandoma starts to back up for the first time
text: in the fight. PK boxes, jabbing, feinting, pushing Man-
text: doma around the ring, taking control. Mandoma, heading
text: for exhaustion, throws another big punch in desperation.
text: PK hits him with three punches in return. Mandoma swings
text: again with a last desperate effort, and PK buries the
text: Solly Goldman thirteen into every part of his body. PK
text: steps back and with his last punch, puts Mandoma down.
text: The crowd goes silent. The Referee counts Mandoma out.
text: He raises PK's hand. Still, the crowd is silent.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: We're in the shit now. Nice
dialog: knowing you, Solly.
text: He and Solly look around at the somber black faces flick-
text: ering in the shadows of the ring light. PK looks down at
text: Mandoma in silence. Mandoma rises unsteadily. He stands
text: in front of PK, staring into his eyes, and then he raises
text: PK's arm above his head.
speaker_heading: MANDOMA
dialog: Onoshobishobi Ingelosi.
text: The crowd goes wild, chanting, singing over and over as
text: PK and Mandoma stand in center ring, arms raised.
dialog: 84.
scene_heading: 111 EXT. DEVILLIERS SCHOOL - PRE-DAWN 111
text: PK stands with Maria by the tree they use to climb over
text: the wall. In the b.g. Solly and Morrie wait in the car.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: The Seniors Dance is two Saturdays
dialog: from now. I would like it if you
dialog: could escort me.
speaker_heading: PK
text: Maria Marais with a rooinek at
dialog: the Senior Dance? What will
dialog: people think?
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: They'll think what they think and
dialog: I'll think what I think.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: And what is that?
text: Maria touches his face. Her eyes soften.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: I think I love you.
text: PK swallows hard. They kiss and embrace. PK caresses
text: her face.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: I would be honored to be your
dialog: escort.
text: Maria beams.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: I didn't doubt it for a minute.
text: Solly HONKS the HORN.
text: PK kisses Maria once more.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: I'll give you a boost.
text: PK stirrups his hands. Maria boosts up to the first
text: branch of the tree. She crests the wall.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Thank you for tonight. You were
dialog: great.
text: She smiles and drops down behind the wall. PK runs back
dialog: 85.
text: toward the car.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 112 EXT. PRINCE OF WALES SCHOOL - DAWN 112
text: Solly's car pulls up opposite the gate.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 113 INT. CAR 113
text: Morrie is sleeping in the back seat. Solly and PK are
text: sitting in the front.
speaker_heading: SOLLY
dialog: When you and your manager first
dialog: came to me with that meshuganah
dialog: idea to be welterweight champion
dialog: of the world you did not have a
dialog: big believer here. But I gotta
dialog: tell you. Now you do. In London
dialog: lives Benny Rosen, the greatest
dialog: trainer in the world today. When
dialog: you go to your Oxford I give you
dialog: a letter to Rosen. Whatever I
dialog: can't do for you, he can.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Thanks, Mr. G.
text: Solly pokes Morrie awake.
speaker_heading: SOLLY
dialog: And I give the address of a very
dialog: good bookmaker. Teach you also
dialog: a thing or two. Now, go on back
dialog: to being fancy-schmancy English
dialog: gentlemen. I'm proud of both of
dialog: you.
text: PK and Morrie exit the car and run back to the school.
scene_heading: 114 EXT. CAMPUS 114
text: As PK and Morrie jog toward their dorm a VOICE stops
text: them from behind.
speaker_heading: ST. JOHN (V.O)
dialog: Gentlemen.
text: PK and Morrie stop cold. They turn to St. John, up early
dialog: 86.
dialog: for his daily constitutional.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: You're up early, sir.
speaker_heading: ST. JOHN
dialog: Best time for walking.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Best time for running too, sir.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: Have to put in the roadwork, sir.
dialog: You know, keep those legs strong.
text: St. John eyes the bruise on PK's cheek.
speaker_heading: ST. JOHN
dialog: Yes. Quite a fresh bruise there.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: I tripped.
speaker_heading: ST. JOHN
dialog: Maybe you should change your
dialog: footwear.
text: He looks down at their shoes. Both boys are wearing pro-
dialog: per shoes; not at all what would be worn for roadwork.
speaker_heading: ST. JOHN
dialog: To something a little more
dialog: appropriate for...
dialog: (beat)
text: roadwork.
text: Busted, the boys squirm uncomfortably.
speaker_heading: BOTH
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: St. John fixes them with a look, and then walks off. The
text: boys bolt into the dorm.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 115 INT. PK'S ROOM 115
text: PK and Morrie open the door and stop cold. Gideon
text: Mandoma sits in a chair facing the door. He rises.
speaker_heading: MANDOMA
dialog: Please excuse me for coming like
text: a thief by the window.
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: You speak English?
text: PK is surprised. Mandoma nods.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: You are a great fighter, Gideon.
speaker_heading: MANDOMA
dialog: Second greatest in this room.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: But you didn't come to talk about
dialog: fighting.
text: Mandoma shakes his head. He waits for a moment, then
text: begins.
speaker_heading: MANDOMA
dialog: When you say to me, Onoshobishobi
dialog: Ingelosi means nothing, you are
dialog: right. And you are wrong. The
dialog: legend gives the people hope for
dialog: a good tomorrow. But hope alone
dialog: will not make a good tomorrow
dialog: for the people. You cannot
dialog: write our letters, get us clothes,
dialog: food, work. These things we must
dialog: do ourselves, so we can be part
dialog: of this country's good tomorrow.
dialog: If we are not, the hope will
dialog: disappear. The people will grow
text: tired. The tired will grow angry
dialog: and there will be no good tomorrow
dialog: for anybody -- black or white.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: What are you asking from me?
speaker_heading: MANDOMA
dialog: To be part of something you must
dialog: know what everyone else knows.
dialog: We have our own knowledge. We
dialog: need yours.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: We get our knowledge in schools,
dialog: Gideon. We're not born with it.
speaker_heading: MANDOMA
dialog: Then it must be the same with us.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: You have schools.
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: MANDOMA
dialog: Yes. And teachers who cannot do
dialog: more than their own ABC's. We
dialog: have a system made not to teach
dialog: us.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: (anxious)
dialog: I am only seventeen years old,
dialog: Gideon. I cannot teach five
dialog: million people how to speak
dialog: English and do sums.
speaker_heading: MANDOMA
dialog: You taught the singing to
text: thousands at Barberton Prison.
dialog: You were only twelve.
text: Mandoma rises.
speaker_heading: MANDOMA (CONT'D)
dialog: You are a great fighter, PK.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Second greatest in this room,
dialog: Gideon.
text: Mandoma exits through the window.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 116 INT. ST. JOHN'S STUDY 116
text: PK stands in front of a pondering St. John.
speaker_heading: ST. JOHN
dialog: You are asking me for a lot,
text: young man.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: I'm only asking you to put what
dialog: you've taught us into practice,
dialog: sir.
speaker_heading: ST. JOHN
dialog: You are asking me to put the
dialog: reputation of this school in
dialog: jeopardy.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: The reputation of this school,
dialog: sir, is based on its integrity.
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: ST. JOHN
dialog: I'm aware of that. I'm also aware
dialog: of what will happen if this ever
dialog: gets out. We live in a country
dialog: where the rules are being
dialog: rewritten.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Then we'd better be careful to
dialog: keep a firm hand on our pens...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: ... sir.
dialog: St. John regards PK.
speaker_heading: ST. JOHN
dialog: All right. I will allow it on a
dialog: trial basis. Here are my
dialog: conditions: you tell no one; you
dialog: operate at night on Saturdays when
dialog: the student body is gone; you
dialog: involve no one besides yourself
dialog: and Mr. Levy. If you can comply,
dialog: you can have your school.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 117 EXT. BEACH - LATE AFTERNOON 117
text: Maria and PK are about to race. Maria is given a head
text: start of ten yards.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Ready. Set. Go!
text: They both take off. Maria runs as hard as she can. PK
text: catches up to her. She strains with the effort. PK
text: crosses the finish line first. Maria trips and falls,
text: rolling in the sand. PK comes back to her. He kneels
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: You're supposed to let me win.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Then you'd say I was being
text: condescending.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: You were guilty of that when you
dialog: gave me a head start.
dialog: 90.
text: She kisses him and stands up. They begin to walk along
dialog: the beach.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Get your formal yet?
text: PK grows uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Uh... no.
speaker_heading: MARIA
text: The dance is only a week away.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Maria...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I can't come to the dance.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: (shocked)
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: I have an obligation.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Can't you change it?
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: It's a permanent obligation.
dialog: Every Saturday night...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: It starts tonight.
text: Maria cannot believe what she is hearing.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: You're breaking up with me.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Then what could be so important
dialog: that it takes all your Saturday
dialog: nights?
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: I really can't say.
text: Maria starts to cry. She throws her arm around him.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: 91.
dialog: P.K., I love you. Please don't
dialog: go away.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: I'm not going away.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Yes you are. I can feel it.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: I'm not. I'm just tutoring.
text: Maria pulls back.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: I started a school...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: ... for Gideon Mandoma and some
text: others in the seniors library.
text: Maria's sadness turns to anger.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: I'm losing you to a bunch of
dialog: kaffirs?
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: You're not losing anything.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: No? Are you escorting me to the
dialog: dance? Are you going to see me on
dialog: the only free night they give us?
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Maria, this is important to me.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: And my life's important to me.
dialog: Damn you.
text: She runs off in tears. A pained PK doesn't attempt to
dialog: go after her.
text: FADE TO.
scene_heading: 118 EXT. CLIFF FACE 118
text: On an escarpment high above the dense green rainforest
text: cover, PK and Doc move along the sheer cliff face with
text: photographic equipment and rucksacks.
text: PK notices Doc's labored breathing and slow movements.
text: They reach some small cacti growing out of the side of
dialog: 92.
text: the cliff in full bloom.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: (breathing hard)
dialog: Ach. You see how beautiful?
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: You ever hear of glycerine, Doc?
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: Mr. Going-To-Oxford-Smarty-Pants.
dialog: Of course I know about glycerine.
dialog: Triglycerine. Biglycerine.
dialog: Monoglycerine. What do you want
dialog: to know?
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Why you don't use it. It's only
text: a little pill under the tongue.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: Tongues were not made to put
dialog: little pills under. When I have
dialog: to start with that, I become
dialog: something else.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Well, until you become something
dialog: else, the little pills would make
dialog: this easier on your heart.
text: A CLAP of THUNDER cuts into their conversation. Thick
text: roiling rain clouds appear suddenly.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: Little pills or no little pills
dialog: -- we don't find cover, we both
text: turn into something else.
text: Lightning splits the sky. Rain begins to fall, pelting
text: the escarpment.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: Look for a cave. Always in this
text: kind of rock there is caves.
dialog: Quick! Quick!
text: PK starts to move horizontally across the cliff face like
text: a spider on a wall. Doc follows. The rain becomes
text: torrential.
text: PK turns to look back at Doc.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: Don't look at me. Go!
dialog: 93.
text: PK forges ahead.
scene_heading: 119 HIS POV - OPENING 119
text: some 20 yards ahead.
scene_heading: 120 BACK TO SCENE 120
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: I've found something.
text: The rain is so heavy PK can barely make out Doc behind
text: him. When he can, he sees the old man pause, breathing
text: hard. PK makes his way back to Doc. Halfway there,
text: Doc waves him forward and starts to move. PK reaches
text: the small opening and slips in.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 121 INT. SMALL CAVE 121
text: PK stoops in the small cave, dripping wet. A moment
text: later Doc's foot appears at the entrance. PK helps him
text: in. Doc slumps down, exhausted.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: You okay?
text: Breathing too hard to reply, Doc shakes his head in the
text: affirmative. PK looks out at the rain forming a sheer
text: wall of water outside. He turns to Doc, who is getting
text: up, flashlight in hand.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: DOC
text: Exploring.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Why don't you just rest?
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: Plenty time for resting when I am
dialog: something else. Look.
text: He strikes a match. A wind from inside the cave blows
text: it side to side.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: When does a cave have wind? This
dialog: 94.
dialog: is more than some little cave, my
dialog: friend.
text: Doc crouches down and follows the beam of his flashlight
text: to the rear of the cave where there is a small opening.
text: He shines the light into it.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: Here. See? There is a passage.
text: Before PK can say anything else, Doc has wriggled through
text: the small opening.
text: PK, a bit peeved, takes his own flashlight and follows.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 122 INT. SMALL TUNNEL 122
text: PK crawls after Doc, making his way through the small
text: tunnel on his stomach.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: You know the pyramids are nothing
text: more than man's attempt to recreate
dialog: the first safe home our species
dialog: had -- the cave. It is the
dialog: ultimate safe resting place. The
dialog: first place man could lay down
dialog: and have a good night's sleep
dialog: without worrying about waking up
dialog: as something's supper.
text: Doc stops crawling. So does PK. A DRIPPING can be
dialog: heard.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: You hear that? There is something
dialog: waiting for us.
text: Doc starts moving quicker.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Let's hope it's not hungry.
text: Doc squeezes out of the small space. PK joins him in a
text: slightly larger tunnel, the same size as the first one
dialog: -- stoop height.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: Better, ja?
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: What's that smell?
dialog: 95.
text: All of a sudden there is a RUSTLING noise.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: What's that?
text: Doc recognizes the sound. He pounces on PK, knocking
text: him to the floor and covering him with his body. Not
text: a moment too soon. For a thousand bats fill the tunnel
text: flying through.
scene_heading: 123 PK'S POV - BATS 123
text: flying wildly through the flashlight beams.
text: In a blur, the bats are gone, disappeared into another
text: tunnel entrance to the left.
scene_heading: 124 BACK TO SCENE 124
text: Doc an PK rise slowly. The silence of the cave is
text: punctuated by the DRIPPING.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Maybe it's stopped raining.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: Who can think about rain when you
text: are on the edge of the great
text: unknown cave.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: You don't know that.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: The bats didn't come from a
dialog: shoebox, Mr. Know-It-All.
text: Doc heads off.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: Sometimes I think maybe sending
dialog: you off to that fancy-shmancy
dialog: school was not such a good idea.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: It was your idea. Your'e the
dialog: one who pushed for me to go.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: Ja. But who knew they do such a
dialog: good job of boxing up part of
dialog: 96.
dialog: your brain.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Which part is that?
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: The one where is all the
text: questions. The curiosity center.
dialog: Look.
text: Ahead in the tunnel is a luminous glow, filling an
dialog: entrance.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: Did I tell you?
text: Doc and PK hurry on.
scene_heading: 125 THEIR POV - TUNNEL OPENING 125
text: As they come to a tunnel opening: a large cave, perhaps
text: 200 feet wide by 100 feet high, filled with stalactites
text: and stalagmites composed of pure, crystallized calcium
dialog: carbonate.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: Wunderbar.
text: The whole chamber glistens with an eerie phosphorescence.
text: Toward one end of the crystallized room eight stalagmites
text: grown up from the floor cement to form a huge crystal
text: slab some ten feet off the floor. A buttress of stalg-
text: mites drip off it forming a natural, if uneven, stairway.
scene_heading: 126 BACK TO SCENE 126
text: Doc and PK stare at the crystal cave in amazement.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: How many hundreds of thousands of
dialog: years to make this masterpiece?
dialog: Everything outside can change,
dialog: P.K. This remains the same. We
dialog: are in the heart of Africa, P.K.
dialog: The heart of Africa.
text: Doc, in his own world of wonderment, wanders down into
text: the cave among the stalactites. PK follows, soon losing
text: sight of Doc behind the large crystal columns.
speaker_heading: DOC (O.S.)
dialog: You know, if a person stayed here
dialog: for 100,000 years what would be
dialog: 97.
dialog: left? Crystal. Like a crystal
dialog: mummy. Incredible, ja?
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Incredible.
text: Doc's preoccupation with death irks him. He studies a
text: piece of crystal.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: I wish we had brought the camera.
dialog: Think there's enough light to
dialog: shoot?
text: Doc does not answer.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Doc?
text: His concern rises. He moves through the maze of crystal,
text: his pace quickening.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Doc?
text: Still no answer.
text: His vision obscured, PK reaches the elevated slab. He
text: clambers up the buttress for a better view. When he
text: reaches the top he stops cold.
speaker_heading: 127 HIS POV - DOC 127
text: lying on the crystal slab, eyes closed, hands folded on
text: his chest.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: This is not funny.
text: Doc opens his eyes.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: This is incredible! The crystal.
dialog: You can feel the life go right
dialog: through you. Here.
text: Doc rises.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: Come try it.
speaker_heading: 128 WIDER ANGLE 128
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: (short)
dialog: No. That's all right. Can we go?
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: We have only just gotten here.
dialog: What's the matter, P.K.?
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: All day long you've been talking
dialog: about becoming something else,
dialog: about dying. You never talked
dialog: about dying before.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: I'm 87 next month. It's natural.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Not to a sixteen-year-old it's
dialog: not. It's painful.
text: Doc realizes what PK is saying.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: You are right. I am sorry.
dialog: Sixteen-year-old ears should only
dialog: hear life.
text: Doc starts to whistle "The Marriage of Figaro" by Mozart.
text: The RESONANCE of the WHISTLING off the crystal sounds
text: beautiful, exotic. Doc beckons PK to join in with him.
text: PK does so, hesitantly. Then pleased with the sound and
text: the feeling, more fully.
text: Doc and PK exit through the stalactites, whistling.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 129 INT. DOC'S HOUSE - NIGHT 129
text: PK and a very exhausted Doc enter. Doc sits down heavily
text: on the bed while PK, shrugging off his rucksack, heads
text: right for the small kitchen area.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: I'll just set you up with some
dialog: coffee here, so in the morning you
dialog: won't have to bother making it.
text: He begins to prepare the coffee.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: I didn't mean to tell you what
dialog: 99.
dialog: you can and can't talk about back
dialog: in the cave today. I guess I
dialog: just don't like to think of you
dialog: being...
dialog: (beat)
speaker_heading: PK (CONT'D)
dialog: ... becoming...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: ... something else. I know it's
dialog: natural law and it's the way it
dialog: is with everybody...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I just wish it weren't with you.
text: There is no reply.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Doc?
text: PK turns to Doc, dead asleep, still sitting up. PK goes
text: over and gently lays the old man down. He removes his
text: boots and throws a blanket over him. PK blows out the
text: kerosene lamp and goes to exit. He is about to hang
text: their two rucksacks on two hooks by the door when Doc's
text: voice turns him.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: P.K.?
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: I'm here, Doc.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: The crystal cave will be our
dialog: secret, ja?
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Whatever you say.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: Promise.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: I promise.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: Ja. Good. I rest a little.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: The heart of Africa, P.K.
text: Doc lays down.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: The heart.
dialog: 100.
text: He is asleep when his head hits the pillow.
text: PK watches Doc's chest, washed in moonlight, rise and
dialog: fall lightly.
text: A sudden sadness falls over him. The corners of his
text: mouth turn up in a bittersweet smile. He finishes
text: hanging the rucksack and exits.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 130 EXT. PRINCE OF WALES BACK GATE - NIGHT 130
text: PK and Morrie stick close in the shadows. PK looks at
text: his watch and then twenty feet away to the locked gate.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: Christ! If someone would have
dialog: told me this is where I'd be on
dialog: a Saturday night, last term of
dialog: my senior year, I'd call them
dialog: batty.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You know, you're going to owe me
dialog: for the rest of your life on this
dialog: one.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: That all? I figured you'd hold
dialog: me to it longer.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: You get the insider friend's
dialog: rate.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Thanks, mate.
text: A black groundskeeper comes walking along, seemingly on
dialog: his duties.
text: PK pokes Morrie.
scene_heading: 131 THEIR POV - GROUNDSKEEPER 131
text: walks up to the gate. He looks left and right, then
text: quickly unlocks it. He walks away.
scene_heading: 132 BACK TO SCENE 132
text: PK and Morrie advance. PK opens the gate. As he does,
dialog: 101.
text: Gideon Mandoma, followed by 15 men and 5 women, enters.
speaker_heading: MANDOMA
dialog: I see you, P.K.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: I see you, Gideon.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: Let's get inside before the whole
dialog: bloody world sees us.
speaker_heading: MANDOMA
dialog: Morrie.
text: He clasps Morrie's hand, first in a traditional hand-
text: shake, then in an African handshake. Mandoma smiles.
speaker_heading: MANDOMA
dialog: You some great friend.
text: Morrie is taken by his sincerity.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Let's go. Stay to the fence.
text: The group moves out.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 133 INT. LIBRARY 133
text: The Africans are seated around desks, waiting for Morrie
dialog: and PK to tell them what to do.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: All right, class. I know you
dialog: don't understand a word I'm
dialog: saying, but part of learning a
text: language is hearing it spoken.
dialog: So -- I am P.K.
text: He taps his chest.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: P.K. This...
dialog: (taps Morrie)
dialog: ... is Morrie. Now you all have
text: a chalkboard.
text: He holds up the chalkboard.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Chalk and an eraser. I will say
dialog: 102.
dialog: the letter. You will say the
dialog: letter. I will write the letter.
dialog: You will write the letter.
speaker_heading: PK (CONT'D)
dialog: Morrie will check the letter.
dialog: All right? Here we go. 'A'...
dialog: (in Zulu)
dialog: ... say it. 'A.'
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: 'A.'
text: The door to the library suddenly opens. Everyone
text: freezes. Maria enters the room. PK is stunned.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Excuse me.
text: PK hurries over to Maria. Not a word needs to be
text: spoken. Her presence says everything.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: I thought you might need some
dialog: help. Or I can just sit and
dialog: watch.
text: PK hands her the chalk.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Class. This is Maria. She is
text: now the teacher.
dialog: (to Maria)
dialog: We're doing alphabet, from the
dialog: letter 'A.'
text: PK takes up his position with Morrie, ready to check the
text: chalkboards. Maria takes the front of the class.
scene_heading: 134 HER POV - BLACK FACES 134
text: before her, watching intensely.
scene_heading: 135 BACK TO SCENE 135
text: She battles the butterflies in her stomach as she writes
text: an "A" on the blackboard. She clears her throat.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: 'A.'
text: No one says anything. Maria looks a little lost.
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: (in Zulu)
dialog: Repeat what she says.
dialog: (to Maria)
dialog: Say it again.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: 'A.'
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: 'A.'
text: She writes it on the blackboard again. PK and Morrie
text: trade a look and a smile.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: 'A.' Write 'A.'
text: She mimes to the chalkboards. All the Africans obey.
text: PK looks up from checking the students. Maria's eyes
text: are twinkling.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 136 EXT. SCHOOL GATE 136
text: The Africans are exiting. Maria, Morrie and PK stand,
text: receiving their heartfelt thanks one by one. Mandoma
text: is the last to leave.
speaker_heading: MANDOMA
dialog: (to Maria)
dialog: You are one brave Boer, Miss
dialog: Maria.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: MANDOMA
dialog: And you are one lucky English.
text: He kids PK. PK blushes.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Good night, Gideon.
text: He playfully pushes Gideon out the gate and closes it.
text: He turns to Maria and Morrie.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: Well, I think I'll go... um...
dialog: lay on my back and count the
text: cracks in the ceiling. 'Night.
dialog: Nice to see you, Maria.
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Good night, Morrie.
text: Morrie runs off.
text: PK takes Maria around.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: I am one lucky English.
text: They embrace and kiss.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: P.K. Can I ask you a favor?
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Anything.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: We don't have to go in or anything.
dialog: You can hear the music from
dialog: outside. I'd love to have one
dialog: dance with you before I graduate.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Done.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: I feel so good. Race you to the
dialog: gate.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: You need a headstart?
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: No.
text: She takes off. PK follows.
scene_heading: 137 SOMEONE ELSE'S POV 137
text: They disappear into the night.
scene_heading: 138 ANGLE ON FIGURE 138
text: in the shadows, watching them run off.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 139 INT. SCHOOL GYM 139
dialog: 105.
text: PK is working on a speed bag. Morrie comes running in
text: with two open letters in hand.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: We made it! We made it!
text: He thrusts one of the letters at PK.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: Sorry. I couldn't bear the
dialog: suspense after I read mine. I
dialog: had to open it.
text: PK looks at his letter.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: Three months and we're out of
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: You're out of here.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: What the hell are you talking
dialog: about?
text: He snatches PK's letter.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: (reading)
dialog: 'Dear sir. It is our pleasure to
dialog: inform you that you have been
dialog: accepted to matriculate at
dialog: Trinity College, Oxford,' etc.,
dialog: etc., etc.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: It says nothing about the
dialog: scholarship.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: A technicality.
text: Another BOY comes over.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: St. John wants to see you two in
dialog: his study.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: Good news travels fast.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: I'll get showered and changed.
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: He said to come as you are.
text: Immediately.
text: The Boy runs off, leaving PK and Morrie wondering.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 140 INT. ST. JOHN'S STUDY 140
text: PK and Morrie enter to a somber St. John.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Wanted to see us, sir?
speaker_heading: ST. JOHN
dialog: Yes. Come in. Close the door.
text: As the door closes, BRIGADIER JOHANNES BRETYN, a quiet
text: but formidable man, comes into their line of vision.
text: Trouble is in the air.
speaker_heading: ST. JOHN
dialog: This is Brigadier Bretyn from the
dialog: police department.
text: Bretyn just nods his head.
speaker_heading: ST. JOHN
dialog: He has come to deliver, in person,
dialog: an order to close the Saturday
dialog: school.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: BRETYN
dialog: Because it is illegal.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: We're only teaching them how to
dialog: read and do sums.
speaker_heading: BRETYN
dialog: You don't have certification to
dialog: do that.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Prince of Wales is a certified
dialog: school.
speaker_heading: BRETYN
dialog: Yes. But not certified for that
dialog: 107.
dialog: sort of thing.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Can he do this, sir?
speaker_heading: BRETYN
dialog: Of course I can do it. Would I
dialog: be here if I couldn't? Come now
dialog: meneer headmaster. Let's end
dialog: this now. I have a full day ahead
dialog: of me still.
text: St. John meets Bretyn's steely eyes. He cannot hold the
text: man's gaze.
speaker_heading: ST. JOHN
dialog: (resigned)
dialog: The Saturday school is to be
dialog: disbanded until further notice.
speaker_heading: BRETYN
dialog: Thank you, meneer headmaster.
dialog: Your cooperation in this matter
dialog: is very appreciated. Good day.
text: Bretyn goes to exit.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: You know it can't go on like this
dialog: forever.
text: St. John tenses.
speaker_heading: BRETYN
dialog: What can't?
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: What you're doing.
speaker_heading: BRETYN
dialog: I'm just doing my job. And if
dialog: you'll take some advice, you
dialog: should just do yours.
text: Bretyn exits.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: Is that really the end of it, sir?
speaker_heading: ST. JOHN
dialog: For the moment I'm afraid it is.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: If we let them get away with it
dialog: on our own grounds, it will never
dialog: 108.
dialog: change. It'll just get worse.
speaker_heading: ST. JOHN
dialog: History disputes you.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: History takes too long.
speaker_heading: ST. JOHN
dialog: Yes it does. But it is never
dialog: kind to those who try to hurry it.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: I feel we should resist, sir.
speaker_heading: ST. JOHN
dialog: So do I, P.K. But this is not a
dialog: subtle government. They mean to
dialog: have their way and damn the
dialog: consequences. And I cannot
dialog: jeopardize this school, no matter
dialog: how I personally feel. I'm sorry.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I heard you were accepted at
dialog: Oxford.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: Yes, sir. Received notification
dialog: today.
speaker_heading: ST. JOHN
dialog: Well, congratulations.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: Thank you, sir.
text: St. John looks at PK who remains silent.
speaker_heading: ST. JOHN
dialog: To both of you.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: (tight)
dialog: Thank you, sir.
text: An uncomfortable silence lingers.
speaker_heading: ST. JOHN
dialog: We'll talk before you go.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Yes, sir. Will that be all?
speaker_heading: ST. JOHN
dialog: That'll be all.
dialog: 109.
text: PK turns immediately and exits. Morrie and St. John
text: trade an uncomfortable look.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 141 INT. HALLWAY 141
text: PK walks down the hall, anger building in his face. He
text: exits the hall.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 142 EXT. DEVILLIERS SCHOOL 142
text: PK comes up to the main gate. A GUARD stops him.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: I'd like to see Maria Marais
dialog: please.
text: The Guard checks his list.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Sorry. She's not allowed
dialog: visitors.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Well, if I could just talk to her.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Sorry.
text: PK backs away and moves off down the street. He turns
dialog: the corner.
scene_heading: 143 HIS POV - TREE 143
text: he uses to scale the wall is in the process of being
dialog: cut down.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 144 INT. PK'S ROOM - PRE-DAWN 144
text: Morrie is asleep. PK wakes him.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Morrie. Morrie.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: What?
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: I want to show you something.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: What time is it?
text: He looks at his watch and turns over.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: Can I see it later?
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: No. Come on.
text: He pulls Morrie out of bed. Morrie groggily starts
text: pulling his clothes on.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: You know, when we get to Oxford
dialog: -- separate rooms.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Will you hurry.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: Is there some girl out there
dialog: waiting for me?
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Yeah. Stunning. Breasts like
dialog: casabas. Just waiting for you.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: Bullshit.
text: PK throws a jersey into his chest and pulls him out of
dialog: the room.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 145 EXT. PRINCE OF WALES CAMPUS 145
text: The campus is swaddled in early morning fog.
text: PK and Morrie stand on the side of the school chapel
text: while a black groundsman opens the door to the basement.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: What do you think?
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: I think you're fooling yourself
dialog: into thinking the bastards won't
dialog: 111.
dialog: come after us in here.
text: The groundskeeper opens the door to the basement. The
text: boys enter.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 146 INT. BASEMENT 146
text: PK switches on a light switch to a cavernous space
text: cluttered with old desks, blackboards and church pews.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: This is a church. Didn't you
dialog: ever hear of the Christian concept
dialog: of sanctuary?
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: Yes. But I'm not the one who
dialog: has to respect it.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Even the Boer has limits, Morrie.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: I'm sure he does, but I'd still
dialog: like to see a big bolt on the
text: inside door.
speaker_heading: CARETAKER
dialog: Mr. Levy?
text: The Caretaker pulls a large deadbolt out of his pocket,
text: with a smile.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 147 INT. SOLLY'S GYM 147
text: Mandoma and PK, both with protective equipment on,
text: square off.
speaker_heading: SOLLY
dialog: Now move it nice and easy, the
dialog: both of you. Time.
text: PK and Mandoma circle. Mandoma throws a jab.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: They want us to close the school.
text: PK counters.
dialog: 112.
speaker_heading: MANDOMA
dialog: I know.
text: Mandoma lays in a combination.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: We are still game.
text: PK throws a combination.
speaker_heading: MANDOMA
dialog: So are we.
speaker_heading: SOLLY
dialog: Would you two find some other
dialog: time to chat. This is a boxing
dialog: ring, not a social club.
text: Mandoma and PK start boxing in earnest, both smiling.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 148 EXT. DEVILLIERS SCHOOL - NIGHT 148
text: A watchman makes his rounds. He passes by Maria's
text: window. When he is gone, PK appears from behind a tree.
text: He taps on the window. Maria comes to the window and
text: sees him. Her face lights up. She opens the window.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: (cool)
dialog: I was in the neighborhood.
text: Maria puts her finger to her lips and waves him in. PK
text: climbs through the window.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 149 INT. ROOM 149
text: Maria points to the door.
text: She puts a record on her phonograph. She turns to PK
text: and embraces him fiercely, holding on tight.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: They're sending me away to school
dialog: in Pretoria. I told my father I
dialog: wouldn't go. He said if I didn't
dialog: he'd see they arrest you and ruin
dialog: your chances. I couldn't let him
dialog: do that.
dialog: 113.
scene_heading: 150 ANGLE ON PK'S PAINED FACE 150
text: as he holds Maria.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: When do you go?
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Next week.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I want to make love to you, P.K.
text: PK's eyes fill with her words. She releases him. They
text: look at each other.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: I do.
text: PK leans forward and kisses her, awkward, as if for the
text: first time. As their lips part, their breath shortens.
text: Maria moves forward slowly, lifting PK's hand to her
text: breast. He touches it. The heat builds. Passion
text: overwhelms them. They begin to make love.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 151 INT. ROOM - LATER 151
text: Maria sleeps peacefully in PK's arms on her small bed.
text: PK lies awake, staring at the ceiling. He rises quietly
text: so as not to wake her. He pulls on his clothes, gently
text: brushes a wisp of hair away from her eyes, kisses her
text: forehead, and exits through the window into the breaking
dialog: dawn.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 152 EXT. SCHOOL GROUNDS - NIGHT 152
text: PK and Morrie stand by a side gate near the athletic
text: field looking alertly about. The gate opens. The
text: Africans led by Mandoma come through. PK and Morrie
text: greet them. When they are all through Morrie closes
text: the gate and runs after them.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 153 EXT. ATHLETIC FIELD - STANDS 153
text: A man with a walkie-talkie sits in the shadows, watching
text: 25 people run across the athletic field. He talks into
text: his walkie-talkie.
dialog: 114.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 154 INT. CHAPEL BASEMENT 154
text: The light switch is on. The four lights above the
text: center of the room illuminate a classroom area -- desks
text: set up in neat rows with stools, a blackboard. The
text: other furniture has been piled high against the walls on
text: either side of the room where the light does not reach.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: If you'll all be seated we can
dialog: begin.
text: The Africans head toward their desks. PK turns to
dialog: Morrie.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: So far so good.
text: Morrie's response is to throw the new deadbolt into its
text: slot with a skeptical eye.
text: PK takes his place at the head of the class.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: I want to thank you all for
dialog: having the courage to come
dialog: tonight.
dialog: (in Zulu)
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: (in Zulu)
dialog: You're welcome.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: I will be teaching the first part
dialog: of class tonight and Mr. Levy will
dialog: teach the second.
text: A woman whispers something to Mandoma. Mandoma raises
text: his hand.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Gideon?
speaker_heading: MANDOMA
dialog: Miss Marais. Will she not be
dialog: coming?
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Not anymore.
dialog: 115.
text: This causes a flurry among the women.
text: PK writes on the blackboard the word "see."
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: See.
text: He says the word in Zulu.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: I see. You see. We see.
text: He moves his hands, eliciting response.
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: I see. You see. We see.
text: PK holds up a book with a picture of a boy.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Boy.
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: Boy.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: I see the boy.
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: I see the boy.
text: PK holds up another picture.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Girl. I see the girl.
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: I see the girl.
text: There is a KNOCK on the door. Everyone freezes.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: P.K., it's me.
text: Morrie pulls the bolt, opening and shutting the door
dialog: quickly.
text: PK and Maria look at each other.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: I wanted to say goodbye to my
dialog: students...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: ... and to you.
dialog: 116.
text: The four women in the class speak in unison.
speaker_heading: WOMEN
text: We see the girl.
text: Maria smiles, surprised.
text: The moment is shortlived as a SOUND from behind the
text: pews in the rear of the room turns everyone.
text: In the shadows, risen from behind the piles of furniture
text: against the two opposite walls, stand 20 policemen with
text: long menacing riot sticks.
text: Bretyn steps into the light.
text: Mandoma gives a command and the Africans form a phalanx
text: around the women.
speaker_heading: BRETYN
dialog: Once warned. Twice punished.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: You're violating the sanctity
dialog: of the church.
speaker_heading: BRETYN
dialog: No. You are with your damned
dialog: race mixing ideas, rooinek.
scene_heading: 155 ANGLE ON MORRIE 155
text: by the door, slowly slipping the bolt lock, trying
dialog: to remain innocuous while doing so.
text: PK sees him and trades a look with Mandoma, who also
text: sees what Morrie is doing.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: At least let the women go.
speaker_heading: BRETYN
dialog: You want everything to be equal,
dialog: little Boetie. Why not men and
dialog: women too?
text: Just then Morrie throws the bolt.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: Now!
text: He goes to charge out the door, but to his chagrin the
text: door does not open, locked from the outside.
dialog: 117.
text: Bretyn smiles cruelly.
speaker_heading: BRETYN
dialog: Locks keep people out but they
dialog: also keep them in.
text: He has walked right up to Morrie, not taking his eyes
text: off Morrie's for a moment. Morrie meets his gaze evenly.
text: The moment is broken as Bretyn's baton slams into Morrie's
text: stomach, dropping him to this knees.
speaker_heading: BRETYN
dialog: Get up, you bloody commie Jew!
text: He bangs Morrie hard in the jaw, knocking him out cold.
speaker_heading: BRETYN
dialog: Captain.
text: The two police lines start to move towards each other,
text: sandwiching the Africans, PK and Maria.
text: Mandoma gives an order. The blacks pick up anything
text: they can to face the inevitable--stools, chairs, a
text: flagpole.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: No. Wait. We'll leave.
speaker_heading: BRETYN
dialog: Too late. You never should have
dialog: come. At the ready.
text: The two police lines tense to charge forward.
text: The blacks brace to defend.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: No! Stop!
speaker_heading: BRETYN
dialog: Now.
text: The police charge from both ends of the room, yelling,
text: clubs held high.
text: The Africans respond with their own war cry and engage
text: the club-swinging police.
text: A policeman swings at PK who ducks and buries a hook
text: into the man's ribs followed by another to his jaw.
text: The man goes down.
speaker_heading: 156 PK'S POV 156
dialog: 118.
text: Morrie has risen to take a policeman out with a stool
text: over his head.
text: Two other police beat Morrie from behind. He goes
text: down once again under their brutal clubs.
scene_heading: 157 BACK TO SCENE 157
text: PK turns just as another club comes for his head. He
text: slips past the blow and punches out his assailant with
text: a lightning combination. As the man falls another
text: cop charges from behind.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: PK!
text: PK turns off-balance. Maria leaps. The club cuts
text: through the air. Maria is caught flush on the forehead
text: as she comes between PK and the club. She falls to
text: the floor dead. PK swings a stool with all his might,
text: breaking the cop's face open.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Maria!
text: PK drops to the fallen girl's side. He is frantic at
text: the sight of her gaping bloody wound and the sight of
text: her open blank eyes. The battle raging around him
text: recedes before his pain and rising rage. All at once
text: he explodes, screaming like a madman.
text: He leaps at Bretyn and bangs one punch after another
text: into the startled man. Bretyn's face is broken over and
text: over against PK's fists. Still PK keeps pounding blow
text: after blow into the fallen man.
text: Three cops descend on PK and beat him mercilessly
text: until he drops to the floor, unconscious.
text: Mandoma is hit hard and goes down.
text: The few Africans left fighting go down before the
text: withering assault of clubs, fists, and boots.
scene_heading: 158 EXT. CEMETERY - DAY 158
text: Maria's funeral.
text: Hundreds of Afrikaaners are gathered.
text: Daniel Marais and his wife stand by the open grave,
text: grieving, as the minister reads the final prayers.
dialog: 119.
text: The coffin is lowered.
text: Daniel Marais steps forward and shovels the first dirt
text: down after it. As Marais looks up he sees PK standing
text: behind the mourners, 20 yards off. His anger replaces
dialog: grief.
text: Marais advances towards PK, clutching the shovel as a
text: weapon. Several MEN restrain him.
speaker_heading: MEN
dialog: Daniel. No.
text: Marais glares at PK.
text: All of a sudden a thousand African voices cut through
text: the air, SINGING songs of mourning.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 159 EXT. CEMETERY WALL 159
text: Thousands of Africans and a smattering of whites have
text: gathered outside the cemetery. The singing rises from
dialog: them.
text: Gideon, Morrie, St. John and Solly stand in front of
dialog: the crowd.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 160 EXT. CEMETERY 160
text: Marais glares at PK, tears of rage in his eyes.
text: PK stands his ground.
text: Marais turns away, back to his daughter's grave.
text: PK stands, tears streaming down his cheeks, as the
text: SINGING ENGULFS the SCENE.
scene_heading: 161 INT. PK'S ROOM - DAY 161
text: PK sits at his desk filling out application forms.
text: Morrie enters. He picks one up off the desk and looks
text: at it.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: 120.
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: You're applying to South African
dialog: universities?
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: In case the scholarship doesn't
dialog: come through.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: Why are you so bloody stubborn?
dialog: You don't belong in a South
dialog: African university any more than
dialog: I belong in the priesthood.
dialog: Will you take my father's loan?
text: PK takes the applications back just as a TELEGRAPH
text: DELIVERY BOY comes to the door.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: There a Mr. P.K. here?
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: It's your scholarship.
text: Morrie grabs the telegram.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Sign here. Odd name -- P.K.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: What's your name?
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Waldo.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: You're not one to talk about
dialog: names.
text: Morrie scribbles his signature and proceeds to open
text: the telegram.
text: PK snatches it away from him. He pulls the telegram
text: out. His face falls to worry.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: What's it say?
speaker_heading: PK
text: Doc's missing.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 162 INT. DOC'S HOUSE 162
dialog: 121.
text: PK walks through the small house followed by Commandant
text: Von Zyl. Nothing is out of place.
speaker_heading: VON ZYL
dialog: Since his pneumonia last year
dialog: I've had one of the men drop
dialog: by once a week to see if he
dialog: needed anything. Of course
dialog: you know the professor. He
dialog: never did.
text: PK looks out at the cactus garden, watered now by drip
dialog: irrigation.
speaker_heading: VON ZYL
dialog: At the beginning of the week he
dialog: wasn't home so I decided to drop
dialog: by myself. Waited a whole day
dialog: here. When he didn't come back
dialog: I sent search parties. After
dialog: three days I sent the telegram.
dialog: Seven days is a long time for
dialog: him to be gone. Do you have
dialog: any ideas where he went?
text: PK looks at the pegs where the rucksacks hang. There
text: is only one hanging.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 163 EXT. JUNGLE FLOOR 163
text: PK hikes along, watching the trail. His eyes spot
text: something. He kneels over the remains of a small
text: campsite. PK touches the ashes. His eyes rise to the
text: escarpment soaring above the jungle floor.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 164 EXT. ESCARPMENT CLIFF FACE 164
text: PK climbs along the cliff face. He drops down into the
text: entrance to the crystal cave.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 165 INT. CRYSTAL CAVE 165
text: PK stands at the bottom of the crystal slab almost
text: dreading what he will find. He resolutely climbs the
text: stalagmites to reach the top. PK's eye level shifts
text: from below the slab to even with it, then to above it.
text: As his sight rises Doc's corpse comes INTO VIEW --
dialog: 122.
text: laid out, serene hands clasped on his chest. From
text: above the stalactites drip onto his body ever so
text: slowly, turning him, molecule by molecule, into
dialog: crystal.
text: PK stands off to one side.
speaker_heading: 166 HIS POV 166
text: a small metal box by Doc's feet.
scene_heading: 167 BACK TO SCENE 167
text: PK picks it up and opens it. Inside is a letter. PK
text: unfolds it, and with trembling hands reads:
speaker_heading: DOC (V.O.)
dialog: So Mr. Schmartypants. It did not
dialog: take you so long to figure out
dialog: what happened. I hope you
dialog: forgive me for not saying goodbye,
dialog: but I did not think it would be
dialog: necessary between us. What could
dialog: I say you don't already know.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: DOC (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: That I love you with all my heart?
dialog: That you have given me more in our
dialog: ten years of friendship than three
dialog: lifetimes could fill? That the
dialog: last thoughts I have before
dialog: becoming something else will be
dialog: of music, cactus, and you? You
dialog: know all this.
text: PK turns the sheet to page two which is a whole side of
dialog: music.
speaker_heading: DOC (V.O.)
dialog: Last night this music came into
dialog: my head. It is my music for
dialog: Africa. My music for you. So
dialog: go. Be welterweight champion of
dialog: the world. Be a writer. A great
dialog: writer. Remember -- the only
dialog: thing between a dream and a
dialog: reality is you. Until we meet
dialog: again, your friend, Doc.
text: PK looks down at Doc as a PIANO CONCERTO, beautiful,
text: haunting, BEGINS TO PLAY.
dialog: 123.
speaker_heading: FADE TO:
scene_heading: 168 INT. DOC'S HOUSE - NIGHT 168
text: PK plays the music Doc wrote with only the moonlight
text: illuminating the page. The music is soul-stirring,
text: rich, evocative. Tears run down PK's cheeks.
text: PAN FROM PK THROUGH the CACTUS GARDEN to the FULL MOON
text: illuminating the African veldt as the MUSIC dominates
text: and then FADES into the night.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 169 EXT. JOHANNESBURG TRAIN STATION - DAWN 169
text: The overnight train pulls in. PK disembarks.
scene_heading: 170 HIS POV - STATION CLOCK 170
text: reads 6:30.
text: PK exits the station.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 171 EXT. GOLDMAN'S GYM 171
text: PK comes down the street. A police car sits in front
text: of the gym. The two cops inside eye PK. He eyes
text: them back and enters the building.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 172 INT. GYM 172
text: The gym is empty. PK enters and is stopped by the
text: uncustomary silence.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Hello? Mr. G? Anyone here?
speaker_heading: SOLLY (O.S.)
dialog: In here.
text: PK heads for the office. He finds Solly packing up
text: his mementos from the cluttered office.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Mr. Goldman, why isn't anybody
dialog: 124.
dialog: training? What's going on?
speaker_heading: SOLLY
dialog: A repeat performance of history,
dialog: my boy. Solly Goldman's being
dialog: deported. Of course last time I
dialog: didn't have the luxury of being
dialog: able to pack.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: For what reason?
speaker_heading: SOLLY
dialog: Their reason is that I'm here
dialog: illegal. I didn't enter the
dialog: country with a passport. Like
dialog: the Czar was issuing passports
dialog: to Russian Jews in 1910.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: This is because of me, isn't it?
speaker_heading: SOLLY
dialog: No, boychick. This is because
dialog: of them. They are the problem,
dialog: not you. Don't ever think
dialog: different. You look tired.
dialog: Want a glass tea?
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: No, no. I have to get back to
dialog: school.
text: Solly opens his arms. PK hugs him.
speaker_heading: SOLLY
dialog: You got your head screwed on
dialog: right. Don't let these
dialog: meshuganahs screw it on wrong.
dialog: Now go on. You want to find
dialog: me, look at Benny Rosen's gym
dialog: in East End, London.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Thank you for everything.
speaker_heading: SOLLY
dialog: We're not finished yet.
text: PK smiles and exits.
text: Solly waits for a moment, then goes back to packing.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 125.
scene_heading: 173 EXT. PRINCE OF WALES SCHOOL - MORNING 173
text: PK comes up to the school gates. He notices two plain-
text: clothes police cars just across the road. PK enters
text: with a growing sense of uneasiness.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 174 INT. PK'S DORM 174
text: PK hurries down the hall to his room. He opens the
text: door to Daniel Marais, sitting at his desk, reading
text: from his fiction-filled notebook.
speaker_heading: MARAIS
dialog: You're a very good writer. The
dialog: subject matter is a little
dialog: inflammatory but the style is
dialog: interesting.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: MARAIS
dialog: I came to inform you that you
dialog: will not be receiving aid from
dialog: the National Scholarship Fund.
dialog: Neither will you be admitted to
dialog: any of the South African
dialog: universities. Here are your
dialog: applications back.
text: He hands PK the applications as he rises.
speaker_heading: MARAIS
dialog: I told you when you came to my
dialog: house. I am first a member of
dialog: my tribe and I will defend it
dialog: any way I know how.
text: He and PK glare at each other, implacable enemies.
text: Marais exits.
text: PK looks out his window, thinking.
scene_heading: 175 HIS POV - MARAIS 175
text: walking off across the campus.
speaker_heading: MORRIE (O.S.)
dialog: They don't want you here any more
dialog: than they want me.
dialog: 126.
scene_heading: 176 BACK TO SCENE 176
text: PK turns.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: Take the hint. Screw the
dialog: scholarship. Come on. Let's
dialog: leave.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: If I leave or if I stay in South
dialog: Africa it's because I choose to,
dialog: not because they choose for me.
text: He takes a small handbag, throws a few books into it
text: and Doc's picture. He picks up his notebook and
text: packs that too. He goes to exit.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: Where are you going?
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Save my place at Oxford.
text: PK exits the room.
text: Morrie chases after him.
speaker_heading: MORRIE
dialog: P.K., goddammit!
text: He grabs PK, stopping him.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Save my place.
text: Morrie's grip releases.
text: PK walks out.
speaker_heading: FADE TO:
scene_heading: 177 EXT. COPPER MINE - DAY 177
text: Hundreds upon hundreds of black laborers and white
text: mine workers descend into the mines. A milling mass of
text: disenfranchised humanity come to work the underground
dialog: hell of the copper mines.
text: PK exits the management shack and walks through the
dialog: crowd.
speaker_heading: PK (V.O.)
dialog: Dear Morrie. Here is how it works.
dialog: 127.
dialog: The copper of the mines in
dialog: Northern Rhodesia is mined below
text: ground. All day a behemoth of a
text: man, a diamond driller, works a
text: stope which is like the top of a
text: funnel.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 178 INT. STOPE 178
text: A huge diamond driller at work drilling and blasting in
dialog: the stope.
speaker_heading: PK (V.O.)
dialog: Setting charges and drilling the
dialog: rock. The only way for the raw
text: ore he takes from the sides of
dialog: the stope to get to the haulage
text: below is to pass through the spout
text: of a funnel and out the steel
text: doors at the bottom -- sixty feet
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 179 TRAPPED DOORS AT BOTTOM OF FUNNEL 179
text: opening, as the haulage cart fills with ore and moves
text: away on the track in the tunnel below.
speaker_heading: PK (V.O.)
text: Halfway down the spout area is a
text: set of six tungsten steel bars
dialog: called a grizzly which catch all
dialog: the rocks too large to make it
text: through the funnel mouth to safe
dialog: haulage.
scene_heading: 180 ANGLE ON GRIZZLY 180
text: six bars with men working them.
speaker_heading: PK (V.O.)
dialog: These are taken care of by a
text: grizzly, an explosives expert
dialog: whose job it is to keep the ore
dialog: flowing, and since when the ore
dialog: doesn't flow, neither does the
dialog: money, working the grizzly is a
dialog: very crucial and therefore very
dialog: well-paid position. Three months'
dialog: 128.
dialog: work earns a year's stay at
dialog: Oxford. Yesterday, on receiving
dialog: my blasting license from the
dialog: School of Mines, I signed on to
dialog: work the bars for a year.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 181 INT. MINER'S BAR 181
text: A crude place where the bar runs the back length of the
text: room and the bare concrete surroundings offer nothing in
dialog: the way of diversion from the main purpose of being there
dialog: -- to drink hard and long.
text: THOMAS, a harsh, ruddy-faced Welshman, the School of
text: Mines instructor, downs a drink, pours another and looks
text: up at PK.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Are you crazy? To sign on for
dialog: a year?
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: You said I was the best you ever
dialog: taught, sir.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: And you are, boyo. The absolute
dialog: best.
speaker_heading: THOMAS (CONT'D)
dialog: But even the best doesn't survive
dialog: a year on the bars. Down in that
dialog: damn tube the luck runs out sooner
dialog: than later. You may be a genius
dialog: at reading the rock but you ain't
dialog: no fuckin' fortune teller.
text: Thomas throws back another drink.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: You worked grizzly a year.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: And let me show you what I have
dialog: to show for it to this day.
text: He holds up his hand. It shakes noticeably.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: And that's thirteen years after
dialog: the fact, boyo.
dialog: 129.
text: A NOISE from the doorway turns Thomas's attention. He
text: looks over as four huge men enter, drillers, men whose
text: faces and bodies are as hard and massive as the rock
dialog: they work.
text: One of the men pauses at the door and grabs his head as
text: an enormous jolt of pain runs through it. He shakes it
text: off and follows his friends to a table.
text: Thomas looks concerned.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Something wrong?
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: (unconvincing)
dialog: Nothing.
text: The BARTENDER comes over and puts another shot in front
dialog: of Thomas.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: One double brandy. One...
dialog: (derisive)
dialog: lemon soda.
text: He puts the lemon soda in front of PK.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Come on, then.
text: Thomas lifts his glass.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: On being the best damned blaster
dialog: ever taught by Ian Thomas.
dialog: Cheers.
text: Thomas and PK clink glasses. Thomas knocks his shot back.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Another.
text: The bartender pours another.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Sure you don't want one?
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: I don't like the taste.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Taste? You don't drink for the
dialog: taste.
dialog: 130.
text: He holds out his hand. It is steady now. He fixes PK
text: with a portentous stare. Thomas looks over at the table
text: of drillers. The man with the headache is downing one
text: shot after another.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Hell's comin'.
text: He draws PK's attention to the drillers.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Drillers. He's got a powder
dialog: pain from breathin' too much of
dialog: that damn gelignite. The pain's
dialog: bad enough. Mixed with a little
dialog: alcohol it's fuckin' lethal.
text: He watches the driller down two more shots of liquor.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Come on. We ain't got much time.
text: Thomas directs PK towards the door.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: The two most dangerous things
dialog: you'll ever see in your life,
text: boyo: a hangup of rock that
dialog: won't blast free on first shot
text: and a driller with a powder
dialog: headache drinkin'.
text: As they reach the door the behemoth explodes with a
text: roar. He grabs his head and staggers backwards; a mad
text: look comes into his eyes.
text: His three huge frineds rush to grab him. He throws
text: them off as if they were ants.
text: He rips a table out of its bolting to the concrete
text: floor and flings it across the room.
text: The men drinking in the bar, all tough cases, begin to
dialog: flee.
text: Thomas grabs PK whose eyes stare in amazement as the
text: behemoth struggles against his three massive friends
text: and pulls him out of the bar.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 182 EXT. MINER'S CAMP - TWILIGHT 182
text: Pk is watching a rugby match being played at twilight.
text: The players are a rough, brutal bunch and play their
dialog: 131.
text: game accordingly. Fights continually break out.
text: Off a play a fight breaks out. One of the men is kicked
text: unconscious. Two of his teammates carry him off the
text: field, dumping his body unceremoniously like a sack of
text: potatoes on the sidelines. They run back as play
dialog: resumes.
text: PK turns and walks back through the camp.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 183 EXT. CAMP - NIGHT 183
text: A company-built miner's camp. Cement huts with steel
text: doors and corrugated roofs. No shrubbery, only dust,
text: cement, and the roughest-looking bunch of men assembled
dialog: on earth.
speaker_heading: PK (V.O.)
dialog: Dear Morrie. To answer your
dialog: question: yes--sports are played
dialog: here, but only in the loosest
dialog: sense of the words "sport" and
dialog: "play". The rules are
dialog: different for everything, in
dialog: games as well as in the rest of
dialog: our lives. The managers, the
dialog: foremen, the company people.
text: They live apart from the miners.
dialog: They have families. Proper
dialog: gardens. Sunday dinners. The
dialog: miners--the crud, as we are called
dialog: -- don't. This is a society of
dialog: men, many of whom have pasts
dialog: better left behind. Future does
dialog: not apply. It is a society only
dialog: in the loosest sense of the word.
dialog: The laws of survival are simple--
dialog: you either do or you don't.
text: PK comes down a side street. A half a dozen men at
text: cards, hard-faced desperadoes, see him pass, eyeing him
text: closely. PK averts his eyes. From behind his back
text: comes the sound of LIPS PUCKERING loudly, indecently.
text: PK swallows hard. The sound of a CHARGE turns him to
text: the six men bolting from their card game after him,
text: whooping with lascivious intent. PK takes off.
text: The chase takes PK and his pursuers flying through the
text: streets of the camp, past one identical cement hut after
text: another. People watch, disinterested. No one raises
text: a hand to help.
text: PK comes racing around the corner to three of the men
dialog: 132.
text: blocking the street in front of him. He whirls. The
text: others catch up behind, yelling and hooting. The two
text: lines advance.
text: PK gets ready. When the first man is close enough he
text: hits him hard, breaking his jaw. He swings at another,
text: catching him flush in the face. But then the rest are
text: upon him. Even though PK fights like hell, he is
text: overwhelmed. The blows come from everywhere, beating
text: him to the ground. His arms and legs are firmly grabbed
text: by four men. He is banged hard face down onto a concrete
text: table. The fifth man pulls down his pants and the sixth
text: begins to undo his own fly. All the men scream obsceni-
text: ties, anticipating the rape.
text: PK struggles like hell to no avail. As he is about to
text: be violated, a roaring giant of a man tears into the
text: pack like a bear shredding dogs. He scatters the men,
text: knocking some unconscious, sending the rest to flight.
text: He stands over PK, a looming block of granite with a
text: wild black beard and coal-black eyes. His intent only
text: becomes clear as to whether he is claiming a prize or
text: helping a friend when he offers PK his hand, lifting PK
text: effortlessly.
text: He examines PK's bruised face with some concern and
text: then smiles.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: You know, Rasputin, I had them
dialog: right where I wanted them.
dialog: Another minute they were done
dialog: for.
text: Rasputin claps PK on the back and addresses him in
text: Russian, to which PK responds with a smile. The two men
text: walk off together.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 184 INT. PK'S HUT - NIGHT 184
text: A TCHAIKOVSKY SYMPHONY plays on a rickety OLD RECORD
text: PLAYER. PK works out on a speed bag and a heavy bag he
text: has hung in the room while Rasputin, the giant Russian,
text: sits next to the record player, finishes drinking a
text: bottle of brandy, tears running down his face as he fol-
text: lows the symphony. When he finishes the bottle he takes
text: another one out of a case sitting by his side and begins
dialog: to drink anew.
speaker_heading: PK (V.O.)
dialog: Friendships are rare--arising
dialog: out of mutual need rather than
dialog: 133.
dialog: any shared interests. But they
dialog: do exist and even flourish.
dialog: Except between the drillers and
dialog: their grizzlies. No one wants to
dialog: get too close to the man who
dialog: might be buried at night by what
dialog: you drilled loose in the day.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 185 EXT. MINE - NIGHT 185
text: PK inspects his nightly quota of gelignite charges and
text: fuses.
text: Five Africans, all serious faces, keep their eyes firmly
text: on PK.
speaker_heading: PK (V.O.)
dialog: The Africans who come here
text: looking for work are driven by a
dialog: different desperation--drought,
text: famine, locusts.
text: Satisfied with the equipment, PK nods for the box to be
dialog: closed.
text: ELIJAH, his head man, closes the boxes.
speaker_heading: PK (V.O.)
text: They come and risk their lives to
dialog: send money back home to the
text: families sitting on the barren
text: farms, starving, waiting for
dialog: death or rain.
text: When the boxes are closed the other five men in the crew
text: lift them and follow PK out.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 186 INT. MINE ELEVATOR 186
text: The elevator descends into the mine.
speaker_heading: PK (V.O.)
text: Superstition runs deep in them,
text: so a good grizzly man attracts a
text: good crew. On the bars, the
dialog: longer you live the luckier you
dialog: are. And by association -- they
dialog: are.
dialog: 134.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 187 INT. TUNNEL 187
text: PK and his crew make their way through a narrow tunnel
text: and come to the grizzly. It is dark. The only light
text: comes from the lamps attached to their helmets.
text: Boulders litter the bars.
text: PK and Elijah are onto the bars first. Their light
text: beams move along across the boulders.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: Baas. Baas.
text: PK turns to Elijah. His lamp catches Elijah's face
text: which is looking upward. PK looks up.
text: His POV in the narrow bands of light: a bunch of rocks
text: big and small, packed into the funnel. His face grows
dialog: dim.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 188 CLOSEUP ON HANGUP OF ROCKS 188
text: Five feet across a rock wall with stones of all sizes
text: blocking up the funnel's mouth.
speaker_heading: PK (V.O.)
dialog: Hangups are the worst of it.
text: When the top of the funnel gets
dialog: blocked up and the ore won't
dialog: flow.
text: PK scales the sheer rock wall of the funnel, his shirt
text: packed with explosives.
speaker_heading: PK (V.O.)
dialog: The only way to unblock it is to
text: set a charge to blow inward. And
dialog: the only way to do that is to set
dialog: the charge in mud, which means
text: climbing up to the mouth of the
text: stope and coming face-to-face
dialog: with the devil.
text: PK reaches the hangup. He works at taking a prepared
text: parcel of gelignite sticks and jamming them carefully
text: into a crevice. As he does the hangup creaks deeply,
text: shifting, ominous. A few rocks fall. PK freezes,
text: holding his breath.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 135.
speaker_heading: 189 THE AFRICANS 189
text: peeking out of the safety shaft below, terrified.
text: Elijah remains on the grizzly bars, his light shining on
text: PK.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 190 PK 190
text: holding very still, listening.
speaker_heading: PK (V.O.)
dialog: Sometimes the rock doesn't need
dialog: the provocation of explosives.
dialog: Sometimes the earth shifts...
dialog: (beat)
text: a pebble moves...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: you talk too loud...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: and in the moment before you are
text: turned into something else by
dialog: fifty tons of rock you understand
dialog: why it is called grizzly.
text: PK finishes setting the charge. He scales down the wall.
text: A large rock is expelled from the hangup and comes
text: bouncing down the sides to the funnel, just missing PK,
text: crashing through the bars below.
text: PK freezes. Elijah holds his breath. The crew in the
text: safty tunnel quakes.
dialog: Nothing happens.
text: PK comes down the rest of the way. He takes the cordtex
text: rope dangling from the bomb and inserts a fuse. He nods
text: to Elijah. Elijah lights a cheesa stick. He hands the
text: glowing stick to PK. PK waves towards the tunnel. One
text: of the Africans sounds the WARNING WHISTLE. Two blasts
text: followed by two blasts. PK nods for Elijah to be off.
text: Elijah stands his ground.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: I wait for you, baas.
text: PK lights the fuse. Elijah takes off like a scared
text: rabbit for the safety of the shaft.
text: PK is right on his tail.
text: The fuse travels quickly toward the bomb.
dialog: 136.
text: Elijah trips. PK, coming behind him, grabs him by the
text: collar and flings him into the safety tunnel, diving
text: after him a second later, just as the BOMB EXPLODES. A
text: few rocks come down, but nothing else.
text: The Africans look at each other with real apprehension.
text: PK rises from Elijah and peeks out.
scene_heading: 191 HIS POV - HANGUP 191
text: is still in place.
text: PK studies the hangup, stepping out onto the grizzly,
text: listening, looking. The hangup groans. The Africans
text: are petrified at the mouth of the tunnel.
text: PK stops midway on the bars. He studies the hangup
text: intently, then picks up a rock. Choosing a target he
text: heaves the rock with all his might toward the hangup
text: and runs like hell. The rock hits the hangup. PK
text: springs off the grizzly, right into the Africans as the
text: hangup thunders down. Dust and small rocks fill the
dialog: safety tunnel.
text: When the avalanche has stopped PK raises himself off the
text: Africans. They are all covered in dust but smiling and
text: babbling, happy to be alive.
text: PK peeks out and up. He signals to Elijah who hits the
text: LL-CLEAR WHISTLE. Three blasts.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Let's clean her off and call it
dialog: a night, hey?
text: Happy, the Africans lift shovels and crowbars to clear
text: the bars. As they pass PK they touch him reverentially
dialog: as one would an icon.
speaker_heading: PK (V.O.)
dialog: The Africans think the longer you
dialog: survive the luckier you are. And
dialog: the luckier you are the longer you
dialog: survive. I know there's something
dialog: inherently wrong with their logic.
dialog: Still, I'm beginning to see their
dialog: point. Especially with less than
dialog: six months to go.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 137.
scene_heading: 192 INT. PK'S HUT - NIGHT 192
text: PK and Rasputin play a game of chess as TCHAIKOVSKY
text: plays in the background.
text: There is a KNOCK on the DOOR.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Come in.
text: JOCKO, the bookmaker, enters.
speaker_heading: JOCKO
dialog: Ay, man. If you'd let him win
dialog: once in a while we could take a
dialog: little book on it here.
speaker_heading: PK
text: He doesn't care if he wins. He
dialog: just likes to play.
speaker_heading: JOCKO
dialog: And you?
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: I like to win.
speaker_heading: JOCKO
dialog: Which is why I'm about visiting
dialog: you. You've come on the board,
dialog: man. There are odds on your
dialog: making it or not.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: How are they?
speaker_heading: JOCKO
dialog: (low)
dialog: Not in your favor, my boy.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Why are you telling me this,
dialog: Jocko?
speaker_heading: JOCKO
dialog: When you come up on the boards,
dialog: boyo, it's time to bow out.
dialog: It's an omen.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: I bow out you can't make book.
speaker_heading: JOCKO
dialog: PK, it's not a bet I want to
dialog: collect.
dialog: 138.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Tell me, Jocko, how high will the
dialog: odds go on something like this?
speaker_heading: JOCKO
dialog: The shorter your time, the higher
dialog: they go. With you probably ten,
dialog: twelve, thirteen to one when
dialog: you're short a month.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: When the odds hit the top put me
dialog: in against all bets for two
dialog: hundred quid.
speaker_heading: JOCKO
dialog: I did not come here to solicit
dialog: your bet.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: I know that. I appreciate it.
dialog: But if you don't take it,
dialog: someone else will.
speaker_heading: JOCKO
dialog: All right. You're a bleery fool.
dialog: And I'll be prayin' every night
dialog: it's the only bet I ever have to
dialog: pay off on.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: And so will I.
text: Jocko rises to exit.
speaker_heading: JOCKO
dialog: You should let him win once in a
dialog: while.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: When he wins it won't be because
dialog: I let him.
text: Rasputin says something in Russian as he moves a piece,
text: excited to have taken one of PK's pieces. PK turns and
text: checkmates him.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Checkmate.
text: Rasputin laughs, speaks in Russian, and starts to set
text: the board up again.
text: Jocko exits.
dialog: 139.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 193 INT. MINE ELEVATOR 193
text: The elevator descends into the shaft. PK and his crew
text: exit. There is a low sound of a blast, muffled, that
text: stops them all.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Did you hear a blast whistle?
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: No, baas.
text: Then after a moment the vague sound of a drill leaps
text: through the rock.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: I never heard a drill at night.
text: The Africans get nervous. They chatter to one another.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: It's not a ghost. It's just some
dialog: driller trying to squeeze extra
dialog: pay. Come on.
text: PK moves forward. The Africans follow him out of the
text: elevator with reluctance.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 194 INT. END OF TUNNEL 194
text: PK steps out onto the bars with Elijah and examines the
text: debris.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: (whispered)
dialog: Baas.
text: There is a tremor of fear in his voice. PK follows
text: Elijah's face upwards to a hangup.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Not the first bloody thing!
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: Bad sign, baas.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Bad drilling's more like it.
dialog: Come on. Let's get it going.
dialog: 140.
text: Elijah goes back to fix the charge while PK studies
text: the hangup. He hears the Africans talking in the dark.
text: When his light points on them they stop, turning their
text: heads away.
text: Elijah comes back with the bomb.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: (whispered)
dialog: What's the matter with them?
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: They say juju. Bad magic is
dialog: in the mine tonight.
text: PK heeds the warning, somberly. He takes the bomb from
text: Elijah and starts to climb the wall.
text: TRACK with PK as he makes it up to the hangup.
text: He quickly seals the bomb and drops the cordtex.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 195 ELIJAH 195
text: on the bars, catching the rope. He is growing more
text: nervous by the moment as he fastens the fuse.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 196 PK 196
text: making it down the side of the tunnel.
text: The hangup shifts. PK freezes.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 197 THE AFRICANS 197
text: peeking out of the safety tunnel, scared.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 198 ELIJAH 198
text: scared, but standing his ground.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 199 PK 199
dialog: 141.
text: making it back onto the bars. He carefully makes his
text: way to Elijah as the hangup sends some pebbles down.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: She's playing with us tonight.
dialog: Fuse set?
text: Elijah nods.
text: PK holds his hand out for the cheesa stick. Elijah
text: lights the flare. He goes to hand it to PK. PK
text: notices Elijah's hands shaking. He sees the fear in
text: Elijah's eyes.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Go on.
speaker_heading: ELIJAH
dialog: I stay with you, baas.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: That's an order.
text: Elijah, released from his responsibility, retreats
dialog: quickly.
text: PK stands holding the flare, a little distracted by
text: Elijah's fear, wondering.
text: Elijah sounds the BLAST WHISTLE.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: One... two... three.
text: A MUFFLED BLAST comes from the other side of the hangup
text: deep in the stope. PK freezes, confused, and then a
text: SECOND BLAST goes off. The hangups starts to give. And
scene_heading: ANOTHER BLAST.
text: PK lights his own fuse and runs like hell over the bars
text: toward the tunnel.
text: The hangup, loosened by the explosions inside, gives
text: before PK's bomb ignites. The rock is crashing down.
text: PK races the rock. The tunnel is within sight.
text: The men yell for him to jump.
text: PK is about to leap when a rock hits the bar, bounces up,
text: and catches him in the stomach. He loses his balance
text: and goes over the side as the hangup comes crashing down.
text: PK hits the wall of the lower funnel -- once, twice --
text: and then lands in the soft stuff -- the shale flake,
text: cushioning the steel doors below.
dialog: 142.
speaker_heading: 200 HIS POV 200
text: against the wall of rock.
text: A rock ledge carelessly left when the funnel was
dialog: originally built.
text: PK rolls under it. A moment later fifty tons of ore in
text: large chunks and small chunks and dust comes crashing
text: down, burying PK. He lays there, semiconscious, buried
text: but alive.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 201 INT. TUNNEL 201
text: The falling rock has stopped. The funnel is full. The
text: bars as well. Elijah and the crew look out of the
text: safety tunnel tremulously. Elijah looks up the stope.
text: His light catches a man at the very top of the stope
text: climbing out.
text: Elijah pulls the WARNING WHISTLE. Five blasts over and
dialog: over.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 202 INT. HAULAGE 202
text: Men hear the WHISTLE and stop work.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 203 INT. LASHERS 203
text: Men shovelling ore stop shovelling.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 204 INT. TUNNEL 204
text: Rasputin is timbering with his crew, fitting huge timbers
text: into place, making new haulage, when he hears the
text: whistles.
speaker_heading: RASPUTIN
dialog: PK!
text: He yells at his crew to grab the tools and he runs off
text: down the tunnel.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 143.
scene_heading: 205 INT. PK'S GRIZZLY 205
text: A deep hole has been dug through the rock piled in the
text: lower funnel. Rock comes up in a bucket and is carted
text: off. Timber is passed down. A crowd of miners, black
text: and white, watch and help where they can.
speaker_heading: MINER #1
text: He's dead. No doubt about it.
speaker_heading: MINER #2
dialog: You give me a fair odds on ten
dialog: quid?
speaker_heading: MINER #1
dialog: Four to one.
speaker_heading: MINER #2
dialog: Make it a sixer and you got me.
speaker_heading: MINER #1
dialog: You're on.
speaker_heading: MINER #2
dialog: Anyone else? Six to one he's
dialog: dead.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 206 INT. HOLE 206
text: Rasputin works like a man possessed, piling rocks in the
text: bucket to be passed up, shoring timbers as they are
dialog: passed down.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 207 INT. BARS 207
text: Elijah is pointing up the stope to two Mine Managers as
text: dozens more mill around, hauling the rock out, trying to
dialog: help.
text: TWO MINERS observe Elijah and the managers.
speaker_heading: MINER #3
dialog: He says someone was up there.
dialog: Blasted it out on PK from the
dialog: other side?
speaker_heading: MINER #4
dialog: Who's the driller?
speaker_heading: MINER #3
dialog: Botha.
dialog: 144.
speaker_heading: MINER #4
text: No one drills Botha's stope but
text: Botha, and he only works days.
text: The miners look at each other knowingly and return to
dialog: work.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 208 INT. SHAFT 208
text: Rasputin, bloodied, his hands ripped apart by the stones,
text: his chest torn by the rough timbers, labors on,
text: Herculean.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 209 PK 209
text: buried. He hears movement above, faint but perceptible.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: (strangled)
dialog: Help. Help.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 210 INT. SHAFT 210
text: Rasputin sends another bucket up. He stands, his chest
text: heaving. He hears something. He drops his ear to the
text: floor. He hears the FAINTEST SOUND.
speaker_heading: PK (V.O.)
dialog: Help.
speaker_heading: RASPUTIN
dialog: PK!
text: He starts tearing away at the rock, doubling his effort.
speaker_heading: RASPUTIN
dialog: PK! PK!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 211 PK 211
text: almost unconscious, hearing Rasputin's voice. He breaks
text: into the smallest of smiles and passes out.
speaker_heading: FADE TO:
scene_heading: 212 INT. HOSPITAL BED 212
dialog: 145.
text: Pk sits in the hospital bed, battered but otherwise in
text: good shape. Rasputin sits in a wheelchair by his bed-
text: side, his hands and chest bandaged, pondering the chess-
text: board between them.
text: Jocko enters.
speaker_heading: JOCKO
dialog: Well, look at ya now, boyo.
dialog: Up and at 'em in no time.
dialog: And rich as a fuckin' lord.
text: He tosses a fat wad of cash on PK's bed.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: What's this?
speaker_heading: JOCKO
dialog: Your ticket to ride. Two
dialog: hundred quid at fourteen to
dialog: one.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: But I didn't make it. I'm a
dialog: month short.
speaker_heading: JOCKO
dialog: Not according to managment. They
dialog: cashed you out at twelve months
dialog: for eleven worked. Last thirty
dialog: days was bonus. And until someone
dialog: shows me a calendar reads different,
dialog: twelve months and a year are one
dialog: and the same kind of thing. And
dialog: the bet was for a year. So get
dialog: yourself mended and get your ass
dialog: out of here.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: There's someone I have to see first.
text: Jocko grows uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: JOCKO
dialog: What do you want to go pressin'
dialog: it for? You're rich, lad.
dialog: You're whole. Why do you want
dialog: to go pressin' it?
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Because I want to know.
speaker_heading: JOCKO
dialog: Know what? That the man has
dialog: 146.
dialog: blasted so much gelignite he's
text: permanently deranged in the attic?
dialog: That even the other drillers
text: leave the bar when the man drinks,
dialog: so crazed does he get. All right.
dialog: He tried to kill you. But he
dialog: didn't. You're alive is all that
dialog: matters. Do us all a favor, boyo.
dialog: Get out of here. Get on a train
dialog: and don't come back. We've no
dialog: liking to be burying someone we're
dialog: all so fond of.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: No worries. The luckier you are,
dialog: the longer you last. The longer
dialog: you last, the luckier you are.
text: Rasputin moves a chesspiece and bellows.
speaker_heading: RASPUTIN
dialog: Checkmate! Checkmate!
text: He is ecstatic, bubbling with his joy. Laughter
text: springs from him.
text: Jocko and PK trade a look.
speaker_heading: JOCKO
dialog: There's an end to everything,
dialog: boyo. Even luck.
text: Jocko exits.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 213 EXT. HOSPITAL - DAY 213
text: PK walks to the seamy metal gate dressed, healed.
text: Rasputin, his hands still bandaged, walks alongside of
text: him. Rasputin is concerned.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Well I guess this is goodbye, my
dialog: friend. I'll never forget you.
text: Rasputin speaks urgently in Russian.
speaker_heading: RASPUTIN
scene_heading: PK. Botha. Nyet, nyet. Nyet,
dialog: Botha.
text: PK does not respond.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: 147.
dialog: Take care, my friend.
text: He grasps Rasputin's bandaged hand to shake it.
text: Rasputin takes him around in a huge bear hug, smothering
text: him. Pk survives, a bit rumpled. He smiles at Rasputin
text: and exits. As he walks away,
speaker_heading: RASPUTIN
scene_heading: PK. Botha. Nyet. Nyet. PK.
text: PK turns the corner and is gone.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 214 EXT. MINING TOWN 214
text: PK walks through the huts of the drillers, massive to
text: a man. Most of them are coming off shift. Some of
text: them rub their temples, trying to soothe the pain of
dialog: the powder.
text: PK comes to one hut. He knocks. No answer. He knocks
dialog: again.
text: A DRILLER comes by.
speaker_heading: DRILLER
dialog: Who you lookin' for?
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Botha. The driller from stope
dialog: number five.
speaker_heading: DRILLER
text: He's at the bar.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: DRILLER
dialog: I wouldn't disturb him. There's
dialog: a reason he's there and we're
dialog: here.
text: The Driller enters his hut. PK absorbs the warning.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 215 EXT. MINER'S BAR 215
text: The three BARTENDERS stand outside along with a dozen
dialog: other customers.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER #1
dialog: PK. You're not going to go in,
dialog: 148.
dialog: ja?
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Is Botha the driller in there?
speaker_heading: BARTENDER #2
dialog: Ja. Always we give him one hour
dialog: alone before we open. You don't
dialog: know this because you work at
dialog: night, but it is the rule.
speaker_heading: FRITZ
text: Ja. In one hour it is pffft.
text: He motions a man falling on his face.
text: PK regards them for a moment and then enters the bar.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 216 INT. BAR 216
text: In the murky light one hulking figure sits at the bar,
text: drinking shot after shot of whiskey.
text: PK enters and walks across the room to the massive
dialog: man.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Are you Botha?
text: Botha does not turn around.
speaker_heading: BOTHA
dialog: Ja.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: I'm PK. I worked your grizzly.
speaker_heading: BOTHA
dialog: Ja.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Why'd you try to kill me?
text: Botha turns slowly to reveal his face, swollen with
text: anger and drink. He tears the short sleeve off his
text: left arm, revealing a crudely tattooed swastika.
speaker_heading: BOTHA
dialog: Because I missed the first time,
dialog: rooinek.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Jaapie Botha.
dialog: 149.
text: Botha rises drunkenly. PK backs up.
speaker_heading: BOTHA
dialog: You remember, rooinek.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Botha. It was thirteen years ago.
speaker_heading: BOTHA
dialog: Because of you they expelled me.
dialog: Because of you my father beat me.
dialog: Threw me out from the farm.
dialog: Because of you.
text: He throws back another drink and rushes PK with a roar.
text: PK sidesteps and heads for the door.
text: Botha gets there first and bolts it.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Botha. We've made a lot of money
dialog: working together. Let the past be
dialog: the past.
speaker_heading: BOTHA
dialog: You ruined the country, all you
dialog: rooineks. You come and ruin the
dialog: country.
text: He rushes PK again. Again PK sidesteps.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: No, Jaapie Botha. It's hate
dialog: ruining the country.
speaker_heading: BOTHA
dialog: Jaah.
text: He swings at PK. PK ducks.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Boer hate.
speaker_heading: BOTHA
dialog: Our country.
text: At that moment the powder headache strikes. Botha
text: bellows, grabbing his head staggering backward.
text: PK runs for the door. As he reaches it a table slams
text: against it, thrown halfway across the room by a
text: powder-mad Botha.
dialog: 150.
text: PK jumps out of the way at the last minute.
text: Men's faces begin to appear at the iron-meshed windows.
text: People start to bang at the door.
text: PK, realizing there is no talking to Botha now, does
text: his best to stay out of the charging giant's way.
text: Botha charges him. PK sidesteps and hits him with a
text: left hook. The punch has no effect. Botha swings out
text: wildly. PK easily dances away. Botha picks up
text: another table and heaves it at PK. PK jumps to avoid
text: it, but trips on an overturned stool. He goes down.
text: The miners outside, crowding three deep, yell and shout.
text: People start to make bets.
text: Botha charges PK as PK scrambles up. Botha swings. The
text: blow glances off PK's shoulder and sends him flying,
text: spinning over a table. Botha leaps at PK, driving him
text: into the wall. PK grimaces, sagging. Botha picks him
text: up and starts to squeeze him to death in his massive
text: arms. PK, his hands free, starts to pound on Botha's
text: ears with his palms. Botha screams as the powder head-
text: ache accelerates through the top of his skull. He
text: drops PK. PK rolls away and swings a stool at Botha's
text: midsection. Botha is driven back. PK goes to swing
text: the stool again. Botha catches it as if it were made
text: of balsa. He rips it out of PK's hand and flings it
text: back at him, charging behind it.
text: PK goes topping end over end. Botha gets a hand on him
text: and lifts him from behind. He flings PK over the bar.
text: PK hits the floor, stunned. Botha pulls at the bar
text: trying to get at PK.
text: He rocks the bar and rocks the bar as PK is trying to
text: regain his bearings. Finally, with one tremendous rip,
text: the bar comes away from its bolting. Botha pulls it
dialog: aside.
text: PK rises just as Botha moves in. PK hits him three
text: solid shots to the stomach but Botha hardly feels
text: them. He grabs PK and starts to squeeze him again.
text: Face to face, Botha's crazed eyes watch the life
text: fade from PK's.
speaker_heading: 217 CLOSEUP 217
text: PK's eyes going blank.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 218 PK 218
dialog: 151.
text: diving off a waterfall into the turbulent water below.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 219 BOTHA 219
text: squeezing harder, breaking PK's concentration.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 220 PK 220
text: swimming, exhausted, climbs on a rock, one more in
text: front of him. He dives into the water again.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: 221 BACK TO SCENE 221
text: The crowd yells and screams as Botha squeezes harder.
text: Odds are called out. Blood starts to trickle from
text: PK's mouth.
speaker_heading: VOICE #1 (V.O.)
text: He's dead. He's dead.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 222 PK 222
text: as he swims to the last stone. He reaches it and
text: struggles on top. He stands on the stone, trimphant.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 223 BOTHA 223
text: squeezing again, bellowing.
text: PK opens his eyes, draws his head back, and butts
text: Botha in the face. Botha's nose shatters. The grip
text: slackens a bit. PK hits him in the face again. Botha
text: drops PK to the floor as he screams at the unbelievable
text: pain. Blood pours from his nose.
speaker_heading: 224 PK 224
text: catches his breath and is on Botha. He throws three
text: hard punches to his face. Enraged, Botha howls and
text: swings at PK. PK goes underneath his arm and hooks
text: three times into the ribs. Botha grunts, hurt. He
text: swings again with the other hand.
dialog: 152.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: 225 INT. PRISON BOXING ROOM - CLOSEUP - GEEL PIET 225
speaker_heading: GEEL PIET
text: First with the head, then with the
dialog: heart. Little defeat big when
dialog: little is smart.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 226 PK 226
text: pounds into Botha's ribs under another wild swinging
text: punch by the giant. Botha shouts and keeps advancing,
text: swinging. PK backs up, peppering him, leading him
text: forward. Left-right. He punishes Botha for each punch
text: the big man throws, but always backing up. Botha, half
text: blind, spitting blood follows.
text: The crowd screams for him to move side to side. The
text: betting changes fast and furious.
text: PK glances over his shoulder to the cement wall behind
text: him. He takes two more steps and then fires two jabs
text: at Botha's face and then stands stock still. Wild with
text: anger, Botha throws a huge right hand to PK's head.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 227 CLUB 227
text: coming down on Maria's head.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 228 PK 228
text: At the last moment PK sidesteps. Botha's hand smashes
text: into the cement wall. His hand shatters into a hundred
text: pieces. The pain is so immense he is rendered helpless.
text: PK doesn't waste a second. He starts banging away at
text: Botha with hard, fast combinations.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Want to see the wages of hate?
text: Botha feels the punches. He steps back, faltering.
text: PK pursues him.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: Here. Here is what hate gets you.
text: PK hammers away, punching with each word, harder and
dialog: faster.
dialog: 153.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: For my chicken. For Geel Piet.
dialog: For Doc. For Mandoma. For Maria.
text: Botha is out on his feet.
speaker_heading: PK
dialog: For Africa.
text: PK unleashes a final pjnch -- the hardest one he ever
text: threw. It catches Botha square in the jaw. Botha
text: goes over onto his back like a tree falling.
text: The crowd outside screams and yells with delight. Money
text: changes hands.
text: PK collects himself and steps over Botha. He unbolts
text: the door and steps outside.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 229 EXT. BAR 229
text: The crowd goes silent as PK emerges. The crowd parts.
text: PK, looking neither right nor left, begins to walk away.
speaker_heading: PK (V.O.)
dialog: I knew as I walked out of the
dialog: mines, out of Africa, that I
dialog: wasn't fleeing. That one day
dialog: I would return. Inkosi
dialog: Inkosikasi was right. I was a
dialog: man for all Africa. Bound to
dialog: her by my spirit. Bound by my
dialog: dreams. And Africa had taught
dialog: me the lesson I would take out
dialog: into the world and one day bring
dialog: back. Great changes can come from
dialog: the power of many. But only when
dialog: the many join together and create
dialog: what is invincible. The Power of
dialog: One.
text: ZOOM OUT as PK continues walking out of the camp and
dialog: toward tomorrow.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
