text: "THE LADYKILLERS"
dialog: Screenplay by
dialog: Joel Coen and Ethan Coen
dialog: Based on the 1955 movie
dialog: "The Ladykillers"
dialog: by William Rose
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. MISSISSIPPI RIVER - DAY
speaker_heading: A BOAT
text: Specifically, a garbage scow.
text: We see it from ON HIGH, chugging down the placid but mighty
dialog: Mississippi.
text: Head credits play over COVERAGE of the garbage scow. No sound,
text: except for an incongruously heroic score.
text: The COVERAGE is a little rough, coarse-grained; along with
text: the overbearing score it almost suggests an industrial film
text: rather than a feature.
text: One piece of sound -- the toot of the boat's horn -- is
text: obviously library. And not a new library either.
text: The garbage scow passes under a bridge spanning the broad,
text: sluggish waters, and proceeds on to its landfill, a steaming
text: river island. Disturbed gulls and other scavenger birds rise
text: from where they were picking through trash. Their squawks,
text: like the boat horn, are not quite believable as SYNC.
text: The head credits end as the anthemic music resolves.
scene_heading: EXT. SAUCIER, MISSISSIPPI - DAY
scene_heading: AN OLD HOUND DOG
text: lies on the weather-grayed and -roughened planking of a front
text: porch. The porch is half-shaded from the noonday sun. It is
text: quiet except for the chirr of heat bugs, close by, and, very
text: distant, many voices in chorus, engaged in divine worship in
text: a Baptist church sufficiently far away that vagaries of breeze
text: fan them in and out of audibility.
text: We once again hear the toot of the scow's horn, distant now
text: and played as real, not slapdash effect. At this, the dog
text: lifts his nose to catch the breeze, sniffs, and then, whining,
text: lowers his head to the floor and covers his snout with his
text: forepaws. He huffs briefly and goes to sleep.
text: We DRIFT UP to show that the dog is sleeping before the
scene_heading: SAUCIER WORM STORE
dialog: Your source for worms, lures, etcetera, etcetera...
text: We TRAVEL OVER TO REVEAL that the modest one-story structure
text: houses two establishments; its other front door leads to the
scene_heading: SAUCIER MUNICIPAL BUILDING.
text: A campaign sign in the window on the municipal side shows a
text: black man of late middle-age beaming and giving the viewer a
dialog: thumbs-up:
scene_heading: RE-ELECT WAYNE WYNER SHERIFF/He Is Too Old to Go to Work.
scene_heading: INT. SAUCIER MUNICIPAL BUILDING - DAY
text: We hear snoring on top of a low, steady hissing sound.
text: We are DRIFTING toward the door of the lock-up, which stands
text: open. The small cell is empty, its bed neatly made.
speaker_heading: A KEY
text: We are ARCING slowly around a jailer's key on a ring that
text: hangs from a nail. The OFFSCREEN snoring and whirring
dialog: continues.
text: The TRACK'S SHIFTING ANGLE now makes the light catch a spider
text: web spun between the key and the wall.
speaker_heading: POLICE SCANNER
text: We DRIFT across the face of the radio. The peaceful steady
text: hissing jumps in louder at the CUT: it is uninterrupted: a
text: transmissionless, crimeless, misdemeanorless idle radio hiss.
text: The snoring is also louder here. As we TRAVEL OFF the radio
text: we are COMING ONTO a pair of feet propped up on the desktop.
text: They belong to SHERIFF WYNER, tipped back in his chair,
text: fingers laced on his chest, head lolling forward.
text: As the MOVING CAMERA FINALLY ENDS on him, there is the ring
text: of a telephone -- muffled, not present.
text: It nevertheless rouses the sheriff who almost strangles on a
text: snore as he awakes, and then rocks forward to pick up his
dialog: phone.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF WYNER
dialog: Sheriff Wyner...
text: The muffled ringing continues; the sheriff looks, puzzled,
text: at the phone. Now the ringing stops and we hear a muffled
dialog: voice next door:
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Worms.
text: The sheriff replaces the phone, leans back again, adjusts
text: his hat, and is about to go back to sleep when we hear the
text: front door open.
text: The sheriff looks and reacts with genuine, if momentary,
dialog: fear.
text: He manages to compose himself and give the intruder a smile:
speaker_heading: SHERIFF WYNER
text: Afternoon, Miz Munson.
text: Entering is an elderly black woman in a floral print dress
text: and fruited bonnet.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Afternoon, Sheriff. You know the
dialog: Funthes boy?
speaker_heading: SHERIFF WYNER
dialog: ...Mackatee Funthes?
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: No no, WeeMack! Mackatee's eldest!
speaker_heading: SHERIFF WYNER
dialog: Oh yeah, believe I do.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Well, he's a good boy but he done
dialog: gone down to the Costco in Pascagoula
dialog: and got hisself a blastah -- and he
dialog: been playin' that music!
text: Wyner is not sure where this is going:
speaker_heading: SHERIFF WYNER
dialog: Uh-huh...
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Loud!
speaker_heading: SHERIFF WYNER
dialog: Well--
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: "Left my wallet in El Segundo!"
speaker_heading: SHERIFF WYNER
dialog: He--
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Songs like that!
speaker_heading: SHERIFF WYNER
dialog: Uh-huh...
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Hippity-hop music!
speaker_heading: SHERIFF WYNER
dialog: I could--
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: You know they call it hippity-hop
dialog: music, but it don't make me wanna go
dialog: hippity-hop!
speaker_heading: SHERIFF WYNER
dialog: No ma'am--
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: And Othar don't like that music
dialog: neither!
text: Sheriff Wyner now displays an exaggerated solicitousness:
speaker_heading: SHERIFF WYNER
dialog: It's been disturbin' Othar then, has
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: How could it help but do! That kind
dialog: of music! You know what they call
dialog: colored folks in them songs? Have
dialog: you got any idea?
speaker_heading: SHERIFF WYNER
dialog: I don't think I--
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: NIGGAZ! I don't wanna say the word.
dialog: I won't say it twice, I'll tell you
dialog: that. I say it one time.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF WYNER
dialog: Yes ma'am.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: In the course a swearin' out my
dialog: complaint.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF WYNER
dialog: Yes'm--
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: NIGGAZ! Two thousand years after
dialog: Jesus! Thirty years after Martin
dialog: Luther King! The age of Montel! Sweet
dialog: lord a-mercy, izzat where we at?
speaker_heading: SHERIFF WYNER
dialog: Mm-mm--
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: WeeMack down to Pascagoula buyin' a
dialog: big thumpy stereo player?! So he can
dialog: listen to that word in the house
dialog: next to mine? Sheriff, you gotta
dialog: help that boy!
speaker_heading: SHERIFF WYNER
dialog: Help him?
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: You gotta take an innarest! EXTEND
dialog: that helpin' hand!
speaker_heading: SHERIFF WYNER
dialog: (dubious)
dialog: Well, we're here to help...
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Well God bless ya. Don't wanna be
dialog: tried and found wantin'.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF WYNER
dialog: No ma'am.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Many many tunkalow parzen, Sheriff
dialog: Wyner. Many many tunkalow parzen!
speaker_heading: SHERIFF WYNER
dialog: Many what ma'am?
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: You have been tried and found wanting.
dialog: Don't want that writin' on the wall!
speaker_heading: SHERIFF WYNER
dialog: No ma'am--
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Feast a Balthazar!
speaker_heading: SHERIFF WYNER
dialog: Mm-hm.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: John The Apostle said: Behold there
dialog: is a stranger in our midst, come to
dialog: destroy us!
speaker_heading: SHERIFF WYNER
dialog: Yes ma'am.
scene_heading: EXT. SAUCIER MUNICIPAL BUILDING - DAY
text: Mrs. Munson closes the door behind her. She wags a paper fan
dialog: and mutters:
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: He's a good man. Just needs
dialog: instruction. Dog, you in peoples'
dialog: way.
text: The dog stirs with a whine and ambles off.
scene_heading: EXT. MUNSON HOUSE - DAY
text: With a neatly tended garden. It is the last house on a street
dialog: of other similarly modest but well maintained homes; beyond
text: it the street disappears down a bluff. The empty space beyond
text: suggests a wide river, and indeed we can see the top of an
text: anchored, gaudily painted paddle-boat poking over the rise.
text: The paddle-boat is apparently anchored at the near bank of
dialog: the river.
text: Mrs. Munson is entering by the gate. She stops in the garden
text: and stoops to pull a tiny weed marring the otherwise perfect
text: row of flowers.
scene_heading: I/E. MUNSON HOUSE - FOYER - DAY
text: Mrs. Munson lets herself in. A cat lopes up to her, the bell
text: around its neck tinkling, and leans mewing into her leg.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: You need somethin' to eat, Angel?
scene_heading: INT. MUNSON HOUSE - KITCHEN - DAY
text: Mrs. Munson hand-cranks a can opener around a tin of cat
dialog: food.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Mm... gizzards...
text: The cat paces back and forth between her legs, leaning into
text: them and purring, responding to the snap of tin as the cover
text: comes off the can.
text: The can contains cubed processed gizzard in a gelatinous
dialog: medium like the stuff that clings to gefilte fish.
scene_heading: INT. MUNSON HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Above the fireplace is an oil portrait of a serious-looking
text: black man of late middle-age with a neatly groomed mustache
text: starting to gray. A couple of candles sit on the mantel below
text: the portrait, giving it the semblance of a shrine.
text: Mrs. Munson enters and lights the candles.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Othar, I went'n complained about
dialog: WeeMack, I hope it'll do some good.
dialog: That boy hangin' by a thread! Over
dialog: the pit! Fiery pit! "I Left My Wallet
dialog: in El Segundo"!
text: She shakes out the match and sits in a rocker and takes up
text: her knitting. As she sits she gives an audible groan.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: ...Sixty-seven years of life, forty-
dialog: six years of marriage, you mean to
dialog: tell me you never one time suffered
dialog: from piles? It's the human condition,
dialog: most humans anyway. Like that ball
dialog: player said: world's got two kinds
dialog: of folks -- them that's got piles
dialog: and them that's gonna get 'em. But
dialog: you was always healthy as an ox...
text: There is the distant moan of a riverboat horn.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: ...Passed on before you got piles.
dialog: Mmmmhmm. Thank the Lord you wasn't
dialog: sick. You don't wanna sicken 'n die.
dialog: No, you wanna pass nice 'n peaceful...
dialog: go to sleep one night, wake up in
dialog: the glory land... woof...
text: A gust of wind hums under the eaves; the candles below the
text: portrait flicker. As Mrs. Munson looks around the room,
text: vaguely towards the ceiling, sensing a negative aura, the
text: cat arches its back and hisses.
text: At this moment the doorbell rings.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: ...Well who's that now, Pickles?
text: She grunts as she hoists herself out of the chair.
scene_heading: I/E. MUNSON HOUSE - FOYER - NIGHT
text: She opens the door--
dialog: A draft--
scene_heading: INT. MUNSON HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: The candles below the portrait of Othar go out, sending up
text: thin wisps of smoke.
scene_heading: I/E. MUNSON HOUSE - FOYER - NIGHT
text: The cat shrieks and bolts out the door, past the man on the
scene_heading: stoop: GOLDTHWAIT HIGGINSON DORR, III.
text: He is a middle-aged Southern gentleman wearing a panama hat
text: and a cape over a cream-colored suit. He has dark circles
text: under his eyes. The smile he attempts, mournful yet courtly,
dialog: is wiped away by:
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: PICKLES!
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Ma'am?
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Go get 'im!
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: I do beg your pardon?
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Go get Pickles, I didn't let 'im
dialog: out!
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: (tasting the name)
dialog: Pickles...
scene_heading: EXT. MUNSON HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Dorr walks down the stoop followed by the old lady.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Oh, he's up the tree again. Your
dialog: gonna have to shimmy on up.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: I am so terribly sorry, madam. But
dialog: won't the feline eventually tire of
text: his lonely perch and, pining for his
text: master's affection, return on his
dialog: own initiative?
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Huh? No, he won't come down less you
dialog: fetch him. He'd set there til Gabriel
dialog: blows his horn if someone didn't
dialog: shimmy up. Up with you now!
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Well then couldn't we perhaps offer
dialog: him kitty treats and enticements, or
text: if not foodstuffs perhaps squeaky
dialog: little toys of the kind formerly
dialog: manufactured in Hong Kong but now
dialog: produced in the other so-called
dialog: "Little Tigers"...
text: His fingers form the quotes.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: ...of the Pacific Rim? The point
dialog: bein', do we have to actually ascend
dialog: the tree--
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Look, I don't want no doubletalk. If
dialog: you ain't gonna fetch him down I
dialog: guess I gotta call the po-lice...
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Police...
text: His face darkens.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: They ain't gonna be happy. Every
dialog: time they come fetch him down they
dialog: swear they won't do it no more...
text: Dorr casts his hat aside and starts awkwardly climbing the
text: tree. He gasps as he climbs:
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: No need to call the authorities. I
dialog: did this often as a youth -- why, I
dialog: was a positive lemur... Here, kitty...
text: The cat backs away down a branch, arching its back and
text: hissing.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Don't upset him, now!
text: Dorr, on his stomach, inches after the cat, grunting:
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: I wouldn't dream of it... harmless
dialog: little felix domesticus... Come to
dialog: G.H...
text: The branch breaks, hinging down to slam Dorr face-first into
text: the trunk, from where he drops the rest of the way to the
dialog: ground.
scene_heading: INT. MUNSON HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Othar's portrait, upside-down, seems to be looking bemusedly
dialog: down on us.
text: An OBJECTIVE ANGLE shows Dorr lying on the couch, a damp
text: washcloth on his forehead, eyes rolled back to look at the
dialog: picture.
text: Mrs. Munson is entering with a cup of tea. Dorr swings his
text: feet out to sit up and accept the tea.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: I thank you, madam, for your act of
dialog: kindness.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Well you let him out.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: I certainly did and I do apologize
dialog: no end. Allow me to present myself,
dialog: uh, formally: Goldthwait Higginson
dialog: Dorr, Ph.D.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: What, like Elmer?
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Beg your pardon, ma'am?
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Fudd?
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: No no, Ph.D. is a mark of academic
dialog: attainment. It is a degree of higher
dialog: learning bestowed, in my case, in
dialog: recognition of my mastery of the
dialog: antique languages of Latin and Greek.
dialog: I also hold a number of other advanced
dialog: degrees including the baccalaureate
dialog: from a school in Paris, France, called
dialog: the Sorbonne.
text: Munson chuckles.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Sore bone, well I guess that's
dialog: appropriate. You ever study at Bob
dialog: Jones University?
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: I have not had that privilege.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: It's a bible school, only the finest
dialog: in the country. I send them five
dialog: dollars every month.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: That's very gener--
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: I'm on their mailing list. I'm an
dialog: Angel.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Indeed.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: They list my name in the newsletter,
dialog: every issue. I got the literature
dialog: here, you wanna examine it.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Perhaps when my head has recovered
dialog: from its... buffeting. Mrs. Munson,
dialog: are you at all curious as to why I
dialog: darkened your door, as the expression
dialog: has it, on this lovely camelia-scented
dialog: morn?
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: I was wondering, til you let Pickles
dialog: out. Then in all the excitement--
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: I quite understand. The fact is that
dialog: I saw the sign on your window
dialog: advertising a room to let, and it is
dialog: the only such sign among the houses
dialog: of this charming, charming street.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Yeah, I got a room. I'm lookin' for
dialog: a quiet tenant. Fifteen dollars a
dialog: week
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: I quite understand. Madam, you are
text: addressing a man who is quiet -- and
dialog: yet not quiet, if I may offer a
dialog: riddle...
text: He sets down the teacup and rises.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: ...Perhaps you can show me the room,
dialog: Mrs. Munson, and allow me to explain.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Well you can see the room, but I
dialog: don't like double-talk.
text: Mrs. Munson precedes him...
scene_heading: INT. MUNSON HOUSE - STAIRCASE - NIGHT
text: ...up the stairs.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: You see, madam, I am currently on
dialog: sabbatical from the institution where
dialog: I teach -- the University of
dialog: Mississippi at Hattiesburg. I am
dialog: taking a year off to indulge my
dialog: passion -- I don't believe that is
dialog: too strong a word -- for the music
dialog: of the Renaissance. I perform in --
dialog: and have the honor of directing -- a
dialog: period instrument ensemble that
dialog: performs at Renaissance fairs and
dialog: other cultural fora...
scene_heading: INT. MUNSON HOUSE - DORR'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: They enter a small bedroom. There is a small bed on a brass
text: frame, a chair, a wash basin, and cheerful yellow chintz
text: drapes on the window. Dorr appreciatively takes it in.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: ...thoo-out central and southern
dialog: Mississippi. We perform on the
dialog: instruments for which the music was
dialog: originally composed, in the belief
dialog: that... that... Why, this is lovely...
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Wait a minute. You got some kind of
dialog: band?
text: Dorr once again wiggles quotes with his fingers:
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: The word "band" would be, in this
text: context, something of an anachronism.
dialog: Though we do play together -- hence
dialog: the word "ensemble" -- the nature of
dialog: the music is such that one would
dialog: hesitate to apply the epithet "band"
text: with its connotations of jangling
text: rhythm and ear-popping amplification.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: So you don't play hippity-hop, "I
dialog: Left My Wallet in El Segundo," songs
dialog: with the titles spelt all funny?
speaker_heading: DORR
text: Madam, I shudder. I quake. The
dialog: revulsion I feel for modern popular
dialog: music, and all other manifestations
dialog: of contemporary decay, is, I have no
dialog: doubt, the equal of y'own. Why, we
dialog: play music that was composed to the
dialog: greater glory of God. Devotional
text: music. Church music.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Gospel music?
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Well-inspired by the gospels,
dialog: certainly. The vintage, of course,
text: is no more recent than the Rococo.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Rococo, huh? Well, I guess that'd be
dialog: okay.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: But I certainly don't propose to
dialog: inflict our rehearsals on you. May I
dialog: enquire -- do you have a root cellar?
scene_heading: INT. MUNSON HOUSE - CELLAR - NIGHT
text: Dorr ducks while descending the steep, narrow stair in order
text: to avoid an overhead beam. He is followed by Mrs. Munson.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Yes, yes, yes, this looks promising...
text: He pulls on a hanging string to light a bare bulb overhead.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Little dank, ain't it?
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Oh, indeed, but that only improves
dialog: the acoustics...
text: He experimentally claps his hands.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: ...Marvelous. These earthen walls
dialog: are ideal for baffling the higher
dialog: registers of the, uh, lute and, uh,
dialog: sackbutt. That's why so much music
dialog: of the cinquecento was played in
dialog: crypts and catacombs. Yes, this will
dialog: do nicely...
text: He dry-washes his hands with enthusiasm, but his tone remains
text: mournful.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: ...This is perfect. This is more
dialog: than perfect. I can scarcely contain
dialog: my glee.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: You containing it okay.
text: He starts to peel cash out of a large, well-worn billfold:
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Allow me to pay you a week in advance.
dialog: Allow me to pay you two weeks in
dialog: advance. Allow me to pay you a month
dialog: in advance. I cannot countenance the
dialog: thought of these charming apartments
dialog: being tenanted by someone
dialog: unappreciative of their special je
dialog: ne sais quoi.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: That would be a shame.
scene_heading: INT. CASINO - DAY
text: TRACKING ON A GARBAGE CART
text: On the cart is a boombox. It is playing "I Left My Wallet in
dialog: El Segundo."
text: It is being pushed through a casino empty of customers.
text: As the cart stops and a wastebasket is emptied into it:
speaker_heading: VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: You gotta peel this shit out sticks
text: to the bottom.
speaker_heading: WIDER
text: shows two youngish black men in the khaki uniforms of
text: custodians. Emptying the wastebasket is WEEMACK-MACKATEE
text: FUNTHES. He is instructing GAWAIN MACSAM.
speaker_heading: WEEMACK
dialog: ...You wouldn't believe this shit,
dialog: sometimes even out here on the casino
dialog: floor you gonna find sanitary napkin
dialog: shit stuck there, Tucks, I don't
dialog: know what the fuck people do while
dialog: they're gambling here man.
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: I ain't peelin' funky shit with my
dialog: human hands, man. That's a
dialog: prescription for disease and viruses
dialog: and shit, attackin' y'insides.
text: As they roll on we see more of the gambling floor, which is
text: on something less than the scale of a Las Vegas casino. The
text: floor is not yet open and dealers stack and count chips at
text: the tables, pit bosses with clipboards looking over their
text: shoulders. Other dealers strap on visors and sleeve garters,
text: preparing to work.
speaker_heading: WEEMACK
dialog: You gotta do it. Mr. Gudge checks
dialog: everything. Man is a motherfuck.
dialog: Shit -- looka this.
text: After a furtive look around he plucks a chip from the next
text: wastebasket and slips it in his pocket.
speaker_heading: WEEMACK
dialog: ...You keep an eye out, man. I found
text: a hundred-dollar chip once.
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: Fuck that, man. I ain't pawin' through
dialog: used Tucks for a fi' dollar chip.
speaker_heading: WEEMACK
dialog: I said it was a hundred.
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: Man, your guts gonna turn to soup'n
dialog: leak outcha fuckin' asshole.
speaker_heading: SERVICE HALL
text: The cart jitters loudly on the dimpled plastic floor.
speaker_heading: WEEMACK
text: This tunnel leads back onto land. To
dialog: the office for all the people work
dialog: for Mannex. Mannex Corporation. Owns
dialog: the Lady Luck 'n three other boats...
scene_heading: INT. CASINO - SERVICE HALL - DAY
text: The two men are entering a windowless fluorescent-lit office
text: area. A row of wooden office doors and one heavy steel door.
speaker_heading: WEEMACK
dialog: ...This is where they think on their
dialog: corporate shit, Gudge and them.
text: He stops to empty a wastebasket.
speaker_heading: WEEMACK
dialog: ...The lights is ugly but it ain't
dialog: as many Tucks.
text: He bangs on the steel door:
speaker_heading: WEEMACK
dialog: ...YO, motherfuck! Lemme in!
speaker_heading: MUFFLED VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: What's the password?
speaker_heading: WEEMACK
dialog: Kiss my ass.
text: We hear a deep chuckle and the door, steel reinforced, swings
dialog: open.
scene_heading: INT. CASINO - COUNTING ROOM - DAY
text: The two men enter, WeeMack nodding at the security man
speaker_heading: (ELRON).
speaker_heading: WEEMACK
dialog: This is where they count the dough.
dialog: You try to take any of it Elron there
dialog: shoot your ass.
text: Again the security man chuckles. WeeMack picks up some fast-
dialog: food wrappers.
speaker_heading: WEEMACK
dialog: ...This place is a fuckin' pigsty.
dialog: You a pig, man, nothin' but a squeaky
dialog: ol' motherfuckin' pig...
text: Elron chuckles. He is an enormously fat man; his chuckles
text: come from deep, deep in his chest.
speaker_heading: WEEMACK
dialog: ...You got fuckin' Kocoa Krispies in
dialog: ya uniform man, still got breakfast
dialog: there and you eatin' motherfuckin'
dialog: lunch.
text: Elron uses one hand to swipe crumbs off his uniform shirt,
text: chuckling.
speaker_heading: WEEMACK
dialog: ...You a disgrace before motherfuckin'
dialog: God...
text: Elron chuckles.
speaker_heading: WEEMACK
dialog: ...You a motherfuck-- oh, hello Mr.
dialog: Gudge, how we be this mornin'?
text: A man in a buttoned white shirt nods at him.
speaker_heading: GUDGE
dialog: Funthes. How's the new man?
speaker_heading: WEEMACK
dialog: He is a cleaning motherfucker, man!
speaker_heading: GUDGE
dialog: Is that a fact.
scene_heading: INT. SOUNDSTAGE - SMOKING FIELD SET - DAY
speaker_heading: HIGH ANGLE
text: It is a ruin of a field; charred trees point bare and gnarled
text: limbs toward a gray sky; smoke drifts across the desolate
dialog: waste.
text: Something is bounding towards us from the deep background.
text: We BOOM DOWN as it approaches: a bulldog, running avidly
text: toward us on its stumpy little legs.
text: An OFFSCREEN male voice (CLARK PANCAKE):
speaker_heading: PANCAKE (O.S.)
dialog: One, Mountain!
text: There is an explosion that showers dirt in front of the dog
text: and makes it veer. Something strapped around the dog's neck
text: bounces as he runs.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: ...Scrub two! Scrub three! Four,
dialog: Mountain!
text: Another explosion makes the dog veer back so that it once
text: again bears on us. The thing that has been bouncing around
text: its neck flies off.
text: Our CONTINUING BOOM DOWN has brought us to ground level just
text: as the dog arrives in front of us to feed at a dog food bowl
text: in the foreground. The yellow plastic bowl has a K-Ration
text: logo facing us.
text: We hear another OFFSCREEN voice (DIRECTOR):
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR (O.S.)
dialog: Cut, goddamnit. His canteen fell
dialog: off.
text: The Director's feet enter in the foreground. He hooks the
text: dogs belly with one foot and hoists it roughly away from the
dialog: bowl. We
speaker_heading: CUT UP TO:
text: The DIRECTOR. He scowls down at the animal.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: ...Props!
text: A man in a Hemingway field-jacket with multiple pockets, and
text: also a loaded utility belt, trots up toward him, his belt
text: jangling as he runs. This is CLARK PANCAKE.
text: Pancake is a florid beer-bellied man in his late fifties. He
text: has a full blond-grey Grizzly Adams beard and wears multi-
text: pocketed shorts that form an ensemble with his Hemingway
dialog: jacket.
text: The director is angry.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: ...The goddamn thing's canteen fell
dialog: off. It would have been a good take.
text: Pancake is unperturbed.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: Okay. Okay. We're prepared for that...
text: He hits a button on the radio on his belt and talks into his
dialog: headset:
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: ... Mountain, bring Otto with the
dialog: apparatus.
scene_heading: PULLING ANOTHER BULLDOG
text: He strains at his lead, muscling forward as quickly as his
text: minder and his own stumpy little legs will allow.
text: He peers through the two goggly eyeholes of an antique leather
text: gas mask, its pignose breathing apparatus covering his own
text: snout. His phlegmy breathing is amplified by the device.
text: We TILT UP the lead to show his minder, MOUNTAIN GIRL. She
text: is a solid woman in her late forties with freckles beginning
text: to merge into age spots. Her long straw-colored hair is
text: tightly braided into Heidi pigtails bound with red ribbon.
text: Otherwise her dress is unadorned.
text: The director squints at the dog.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: What the hell is this?
text: Pancake's manner is professorial:
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: World War I vintage gas mask. It's
dialog: authentic. Strapped on, of course,
text: so it can't fall off. The animal is
dialog: free to be as active as he wants,
dialog: doesn't inhibit his movement, and I
dialog: think it really sells the whole
dialog: doughboy thing--
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: It looks like a fucking joke.
text: Pancake stares at the director for a moment and, though not
text: doing anything, makes a sound of concentrated effort:
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: ...Nnnnrnff!
text: The director squints at him:
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: What?
text: Pancake comes out of his trance, or whatever it was:
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: No, nothing, uh... you're absolutely
text: right, the gas mask is a whimsical
dialog: concept--
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: How the hell does it eat when it
dialog: gets to the Kennel Rations?
text: The dog looks up from person to person as each speaks,
text: twisting its neck to peer through the eyeholes. Its breathing
text: is growing louder.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: Well, you're absolutely right–-
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: Don't let the client see this.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: Of course not, that would be
dialog: inappropriate--
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: Or the Humane fucker.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: No no--
text: The dog gets down on its knees, slowly, like a camel,
text: breathing ever more loudly.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: They'll shut the fucking spot down,
dialog: Pancake. Put the goddamn canteen
dialog: back on. That says he's a soldier.
dialog: Dented tin canteen. Just tie the
dialog: damn thing to his collar.
text: The dog flops over into the mud.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: Easiest thing in the world. I just
dialog: thought -- but the canteen is much
dialog: better. Good concept. Let's go with
dialog: that--
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: What's he doing?
text: The dog has started to convulse.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: Well, he's uh... Just breathe
dialog: normally, Otto.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: The fucking dog can't breathe.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: Oh, he can breathe, that thing is --
dialog: just breathe normally, Otto.
text: The dog's breath is rasping and horrible.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: The fucking dog cannot breathe! Get
dialog: that fucking thing off him!
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: Of course. Easiest thing in the world.
text: He stoops and fiddles at the straps.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: ...It's on good and tight, I, uh...
dialog: Just breathe normally, Otto.
text: He starts thumping at his pockets.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: Get the fucking thing off him!
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: Don't have my Leatherman. Mountain!
dialog: Give me your Leatherman! Chop chop!
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: Get the fucking thing off him! Chitra,
dialog: make sure the Humane fucker doesn't
dialog: come over here! Bring him to craft
dialog: services!
text: As he makes to scoop up the dog:
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: Good idea! Ice water, treats-–
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: Not the dog, you idiot! The Humane
dialog: fucker! Distract him!
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: Right! Of course!
text: He goes back to work on the mask.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: Oh my god, he's bleeding!
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: No, that's me -- I -- the
dialog: Leatherman... here we go.
text: His hand gouting blood, he finally manages to get the gas
text: mask off.
text: A crowd is starting to gather and gape. The director barks
dialog: at a grip:
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: Put up a couple solids here -- I
dialog: don't want the client seeing this!
text: Pancake thumps on the inert dog's chest.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: Come on, Otto!
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: Otto is fucking dead!
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: Mountain, have electric run me a
dialog: stinger! Don't give up on me, Otto!
dialog: Mountain, I need two live leads!
text: More people crowd in to look.
speaker_heading: MOUNTAIN GIRL
dialog: Clark, the gennie's a hundred yards
dialog: away!
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: Goddamnit! Otto's gonna have brain
dialog: damage in about ninety seconds! Okay!
text: He pulls the dog's lips back, exposing its teeth and slobbered
dialog: tongue.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: ...Kiss of life!
text: He sucks in a deep breath and starts mouth-to-mouthing the
dialog: beast.
scene_heading: EXT. FOOTBALL FIELD - DAY
speaker_heading: POV
text: We are looking out from inside a football helmet; we hear
text: the super-present breathing of the helmet's occupant. Just
text: over the breathing we can hear the muffled shouting of a
dialog: snap count.
text: We are in a crouch position looking downfield. At the call
text: of "Hike!" we and everyone on the field spring into action.
text: We sprint downfield, the breathing becoming even louder. A
text: very big person downfield is sprinting toward us.
text: After several yards, still on the move, we PAN quickly around
text: to look back for the quarterback. Barely visible among
text: converging bodies, he is releasing the football toward someone
dialog: else.
text: Easing up on the run we PAN BACK around to look downfield
text: just as the oncoming defender is upon us and -- CRUNCH --
text: slams into us. A STROBING PAN leaves us looking up at the
text: sky. Our loud breathing has stopped.
text: After a long beat the breathing resumes with a raggedy labored
text: inhale. It continues irregularly. Another helmeted player
text: appears above us to peer down into our helmet. He extends a
dialog: hand to help us up.
speaker_heading: HUDDLE
text: We are looking back and forth around the circle at our
dialog: gathered teammates.
speaker_heading: QUARTERBACK
dialog: Delta thirty-seven. On four!
text: All, with a simultaneous hand clap:
speaker_heading: TEAM
dialog: Huh!
scene_heading: LINE OF SCRIMMAGE
text: Lined up opposite us is a snarling defender.
text: Once again, over loud breathing, we can just hear the shouted
dialog: count.
text: At "Hike!" we straighten to meet the defensive lineman lunging
text: at us. His mouthpiece clatters against ours and in horrific
text: CLOSE-UP he strains against us, his animal gurgles of effort
text: audible over our own ragged breath.
text: With a primal roar from the defenseman our POV tips back and
text: up, BOOMING DOWN to stop with a CRUNCH against the ground,
text: staring up. Once again our breathing has stopped.
text: After a beat a foot is planted on our helmet as a looming
text: running back steps on us in his charge downfield. He is
text: pursued by defenders some of whom leap over us and some of
text: whom by the sound of it step on various body parts.
speaker_heading: HUDDLE
text: The same back-and-forth PAN.
speaker_heading: QUARTERBACK
dialog: Okay, Epsilon twenty-two! You the
dialog: man!... Hey! BUTTHEAD!
text: This brings our wandering attention PANNING back to the
dialog: quarterback:
speaker_heading: QUARTERBACK
dialog: You the man!
speaker_heading: A very, very present VOICE (HUDSON):
speaker_heading: HUDSON (O.S.)
dialog: Me the man?
speaker_heading: TEAM
dialog: Huh!
scene_heading: LINE OF SCRIMMAGE
text: The same breathing and count.
text: On "Hike!" we sprint downfield.
text: The same distant defender sprinting toward us.
text: We hear low but very present a dismayed:
speaker_heading: HUDSON (O.S.)
dialog: Unh... oh no...
text: Our breathing is torn by rasping wheezes of effort as we
dialog: continue to run.
text: We look back.
text: Every player is looking directly at us.
text: A huge spiralling football coming at us -- too close, too
dialog: soon -- and--
speaker_heading: BONK!
text: It bounces off our mouth guard and flies up.
speaker_heading: HUDSON (O.S.)
dialog: ...shit...
dialog: We are looking forward just as
dialog: CRUNCH!
text: We are hit by the defender.
text: We once again land face-up.
text: Very steeply FORESHORTENED, right over us, we see the defender
text: juggling the live ball.
text: With a moan, our own hand reaches weakly up towards the ball
text: and the high, distant defender.
text: He finally gathers in the ball and securely tucks it, and
text: starts back upfield.
text: We climb wearily to our feet. We look back upfield just in
text: time to see the defender start an elaborate victory dance in
text: the end zone. He pauses for a moment to point a gloved hand
text: directly at us, then resumes his strut.
text: Shouting from the sidelines brings our PANNING attention
dialog: over.
text: The coach, face twisted with fury, is shouting at us and
text: using his clipboard to wave us off the field.
text: We trot toward the sidelines.
text: All of our teammates stare at us –- some in shock, some in
text: anger, some in pity.
text: At the sideline bench our POV swings round as we seat ourself.
text: A hand reaches up to the mouth guard to pull off the helmet
dialog: and we
scene_heading: MATCH CUT TO:
text: Our first OBJECTIVE SHOT as the player (HUDSON) finishes
text: pulling off his helmet. He is a big blond boy. His entire
text: body, including his face, is solidly built.
dialog: An offscreen Voice:
speaker_heading: COACH (O.S.)
dialog: Hudson!
text: The boy, Hudson, turns to look, and we cut to one last
speaker_heading: POV
text: The COACH is striding up, swinging his clipboard at the
text: camera: with a loud CRUNCH! it brings on:
speaker_heading: BLACK
scene_heading: EXT. MINI-MALL / HI-HO DONUT - DAY
speaker_heading: HIGH ANGLE
text: It is a typical sunbaked concrete strip mall with a Seven-
text: Eleven, a launderette, and a Hi-Ho Donut. The Hi-Ho Donut
text: sign shows a pink donut with sprinkles and says in much
text: smaller lettering: And Croissants.
text: A beat-up Impala pulls into the lot, pulsing hip-hop music.
text: After a long rumbling idle the ignition is killed. Both front
text: doors open. Two BLACK KIDS get out and look around with a
dialog: manner that is if anything too casual.
scene_heading: INT. HI-HO DONUT - DAY
text: There is faint muzak and loud air-conditioner hum. Glass
text: cases display donuts identified as GLAZED, JELLY, and FANCIES.
text: Fancies ooze yellow goo. The jelly on the jelly donuts is
text: developing a crust of age. The glazed also look moth-eaten.
text: One customer, a disheveled older man, sits at one of the
text: little formica tables staring into a coffee cup. Next to the
text: coffee is a brown paper bag from which a straw protrudes.
text: Behind the counter is a middle-aged VIETNAMESE WOMAN in a
text: neat white blouse.
text: The two youths enter pulling out enormous handguns from
text: underneath their windbreakers.
speaker_heading: YOUTH #1
dialog: All right Dragon Lady, give us all
dialog: the fuckin' money!
text: The woman stares blankly.
speaker_heading: YOUTH #1
dialog: We want that donut money!
speaker_heading: VIETNAMESE WOMAN
dialog: Yao gin nyap!
text: A man appears from the kitchen in back. He is a middle-aged
text: Vietnamese gentleman in a crisply pressed khaki leisure suit.
text: An ascot is knotted at his neck. He wears aviator eyeglasses.
text: In his mouth smolders a half-burned-down filterless cigarette.
dialog: This, we shall learn later, is THE GENERAL.
speaker_heading: YOUTH #2
dialog: Okay papa-san, we want that donut
dialog: money.
speaker_heading: YOUTH #1
dialog: And we ain't fuckin' around, Mr. Hi-
dialog: Ho.
speaker_heading: VIETNAMESE WOMAN
dialog: Hi-Ho.
text: The two youths look at her briefly. Nothing else is
dialog: forthcoming.
text: The drunk looks up from his paper bag.
speaker_heading: YOUTH #2
dialog: Look, this fuckin' thing, it ain't
dialog: complicated. You give us all the
dialog: fuckin money, you don't get shot in
dialog: the head, you make more donuts, get
dialog: more money. That's how it works,
dialog: see?
text: The General stares at him. As with his wife, none of it seems
text: to register; unlike his wife, he seems unperturbed.
speaker_heading: YOUTH #1
dialog: Give us the money!
text: He is pointing the gun directly at the General's head.
speaker_heading: YOUTH #1
dialog: ...You got three fuckin' seconds.
dialog: You understand one-two-three? I'm
dialog: gonna count one-two-three and then
dialog: shoot. Okay? Three sec–- huh!
text: The General has swung his fist up to hook two fingers inside
text: the youth's nostrils. His gun clatters to the floor. The
text: fingers are way, way up his nose. Only one knuckle shows on
dialog: each finger.
text: The youth is staring cross-eyed at his own nose.
text: His friend is also stupefied.
speaker_heading: YOUTH #1
dialog: (very nasal)
dialog: His fingers are way the fuck up my
dialog: nose.
speaker_heading: YOUTH #2
text: GET... YA FINGAS... OUT... THE
scene_heading: MAN'S... NOSE!
text: The General still impassively sucks on his cigarette. The
text: first youth is on the verge of tears:
speaker_heading: YOUTH #1
dialog: I think they're in my brain, man...
speaker_heading: YOUTH #2
text: MOTHERFUCK!
text: He raises his gun to start firing.
text: As he does so the General uses his hook-hold on the other
text: youth's nose to slam his head backwards, down into some
dialog: Fancies.
text: The door opens and a customer walks in, a semi-elderly lady
text: with a cane.
text: Youth #2, eyes rolling, wildly swings to cover the door,
text: then back to the General who has his friend's head pressed
text: into the Fancies, then uncertainly over to the Vietnamese
text: woman who is loudly yelling at him in Vietnamese.
text: Cigarette still dangling from his lower lip, the General
text: calmly plucks a pot of coffee from the coffee warmer and
text: tosses it into Youth #2's face.
text: Youth #2 screams.
scene_heading: EXT. HI-HO DONUT - DAY
speaker_heading: HIGH ANGLE
text: The car is still pulsing hip-hop music. Youth #2 stumbles
text: out of the Hi-Ho, hands covering his face and sinks to his
dialog: knees.
scene_heading: INT. HI-HO DONUT - DAY
text: The General now has the first youth's face pressed into the
text: Fancies from behind. Without disturbing his smoking, the
text: General repeatedly kicks the youth in the ass.
text: His wife, muttering irritably in Vietnamese, is wheeling a
text: water bucket and mop to where the floor is covered with
dialog: coffee.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH - DAY
text: At the CUT many voices are swelling in a song of worship. It
text: is a black Baptist church, and the music has great energy.
text: The white-robed choir finishes singing; a preacher takes the
dialog: podium.
speaker_heading: PREACHER
dialog: I know you all remember that when
text: Moses came down the mountain, carrying
dialog: the word a God, come down that Sinai
dialog: peak, he caught those Israelites red-
dialog: handed. What he catch 'em doin'? He
dialog: caught 'em worshipping a golden calf.
text: Shouts of "That's right!"
speaker_heading: PREACHER
dialog: ...He caught 'em with their backs
dialog: turned on God!
text: More shouts of "That's right!"
speaker_heading: PREACHER
dialog: ...He caught 'em worshipping a FALSE
dialog: God! A God of EARTHLY things! He
dialog: caught them Israelites in DECLINE!
dialog: "He caught 'em!"
speaker_heading: PREACHER
dialog: ...Because backslidin' is DECLINE,
dialog: brothers and sisters! You hear talk
dialog: these days, and I know you've heard
dialog: this talk, you hear talk of DECLINE,
dialog: well all that means is we done turned
dialog: our back on God!
dialog: "That's right!"
speaker_heading: PREACHER
dialog: ...People say civilization doin'
dialog: this, civilization doin' that,
dialog: civilization in DECLINE! Well it
dialog: ain't no civilization! It ain't no
dialog: them! It's US, brothers and sisters!
dialog: "Amen!"
text: We are TRACKING among the congregants, disproportionately
text: women, mostly of middle age and elderly, mostly wearing
text: elaborate go-to-church hats.
speaker_heading: PREACHER
dialog: ...It's what's in our hearts, each
dialog: and every one of us when we like
dialog: them Israelites! Slidin' awa-a-a-ay
dialog: down that Godly slope, slippin' and
text: slidin' toward the mire and muck a
dialog: the stinkhole of greed -- that's
speaker_heading: DECLINE!
dialog: "That's decline!"
text: The CONTINUING TRACK brings us onto Mrs. Munson, wearing,
text: like most of her peers, an oversized hat; hers is adorned
text: with a great deal of plastic fruit.
speaker_heading: PREACHER
dialog: ...And what did Moses do when he saw
dialog: those declinin' backslidin' never-
dialog: mindin' sinners?
dialog: "What he do?"
speaker_heading: PREACHER
dialog: ...Moses SMOTE those sinners in his
dialog: wrath yes he did!
dialog: "Yes he did!"
speaker_heading: PREACHER
dialog: ...Y'all know what smote is! I smite!
dialog: You smite! He smites! We done smote!
dialog: "That's right!"
speaker_heading: PREACHER
dialog: ...To smite is to go UPSIDE the head!
dialog: "Uh-huh!"
speaker_heading: PREACHER
dialog: ...Because sometimes, brothers and
dialog: sisters, that is the ONLY way!
dialog: "Yes it is!"
speaker_heading: PREACHER
dialog: ...To smite is to reMIND! We got to
dialog: STOP that decline! And scramble back
dialog: UP to the face a the almighty Gyod!
dialog: "Amen!"
speaker_heading: PREACHER
dialog: ...'Stead a worshippin' that GOLDEN
dialog: calf, that earthly TRASH on that
dialog: GARBAGE island! That GARBAGE island
dialog: in that shadowland WAY outside the
dialog: Kingdom a God!
dialog: "Way outside!"
speaker_heading: PREACHER
dialog: ...That GARBAGE island where scavenger
text: birds feast on the bones a the
dialog: backslidin' damned!
dialog: "Yes they do!"
speaker_heading: PREACHER
dialog: ...And so, let us pray...
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCH - DAY
text: It is a white clapboard country church. The preacher stands
text: at the door chatting with the congregants filing out.
speaker_heading: WOMAN #1
dialog: You preach a wonderful sermon, Brother
dialog: Cleothus.
speaker_heading: PREACHER
dialog: Why thank you, Sister Rose.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: That man has a lot to say.
speaker_heading: WOMAN #1
dialog: Yes he does.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: And every word of it the truth.
speaker_heading: WOMAN #2
text: Mm-mm. Jesus well pleased with him.
speaker_heading: WOMAN #3
dialog: Deed he is.
speaker_heading: PREACHER
dialog: Oh now ladies...
speaker_heading: WOMAN #3
text: Pleased as he can be.
speaker_heading: WOMAN #1
dialog: Mm-mm.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
text: Stout, too.
speaker_heading: WOMAN #1
dialog: Mm-mm.
speaker_heading: PREACHER
dialog: Oh now you gracious ladies.
scene_heading: INT. MUNSON HOUSE - KITCHEN - DAY
text: Mrs. Munson is at the kitchen table. She folds a five dollar
text: bill into a sheet of paper, raising her voice as she does
dialog: so:
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: It was a good sermon. That man has a
dialog: lot to say.
scene_heading: INT. MUNSON HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: We have CUT to the portrait of Othar over the mantel. He
text: does not answer.
dialog: From the kitchen:
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: ...Stout, too. It would've been a
dialog: comfort to you...
scene_heading: INT. MUNSON HOUSE - KITCHEN - DAY
text: Mrs. Munson has stuffed the paper-enclosed bill into an
text: envelope, which she is now laboriously addressing to Bob
dialog: Jones University.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
text: And the choir was all in good voice.
dialog: Mm-mm-
text: There is a knock at the door.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: ...Who could that--
text: The cat yowls and hisses.
scene_heading: I/E. MUNSON HOUSE - FOYER - DAY
text: As Mrs. Munson swings open the door.
text: G.H. Dorr stands on the stoop mournfully dry-washing his
text: hands and obsequiously ducking his head.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: My dear Mrs. Munson, I do so hope
dialog: this is not an inopportune time for
dialog: our first practice--
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Somebody die?
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: I beg your-- Oh!
text: He looks back at the long black vintage Lincoln hearse parked
text: at the curb behind him.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: ...No no, no bereavement, though it
dialog: is so kind of you to enquire. No,
text: the hearse is simply a vehicle
dialog: commodious enough to accommodate all
dialog: of the members of our ensemble. And
dialog: of course our instruments, contrived
dialog: in an age ignorant of
dialog: miniaturization...
text: He turns and gestures at the vehicle.
text: At his sign, Gawain, the custodian, emerges from the driver's
dialog: side.
text: Clark Pancake emerges from the front passenger side.
text: The General, wearing a different but equally pressed khaki
text: suit and ascot, and with a smoking cigarette in his lips,
text: emerges from a back door.
text: Gawain goes to the back of the hearse and opens its hatch to
text: let out Lump Hudson, the football player.
text: Lump helps unload five large and oddly shaped instrument
text: cases, each man taking one except for Lump himself, who
text: carries two. As the parade of losers and misfits winds its
dialog: way up the walk:
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: ...Let me introduce you to my friends,
dialog: my colleagues, these devoted and
dialog: passionate musicians... This is Gawain
dialog: MacSam, our bassoonist...
text: Gawain nods as he passes by.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: ...General Nguyen Pham Doc, viola da
dialog: gamba...
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: No smoking in this house.
text: The General tosses his cigarette away and bows stiffly as he
text: passes.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: So sorry.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: ...Clark Pancake -- a multi-
dialog: instrumentalist, but with his
dialog: remarkable embosser Clark specializes
dialog: in wind instruments, and is especially
dialog: accomplished on the French horn...
text: He nods, passes.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: ...And, finally, Aloysius "Lump"
dialog: Hudson. Lump is our sackbuttist and --
dialog: thank you, Lump -- I see you've also
dialog: brought my fiddle...
text: As he hands Dorr the violin case:
speaker_heading: LUMP
dialog: Here's your fiddle, Doctor.
text: Mrs. Munson sizes up the group.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: You ain't gonna make a racket, are
dialog: ya?
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Oh no. Oh no no no no no. No, we
dialog: shall recuse ourselves to the basement
dialog: where we shall be -- I think here
dialog: the expression is uniquely
dialog: appropriate...
text: He gives a sickly smile.
speaker_heading: DORR
text: ...as quiet as the crypt.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Hmph.
scene_heading: INT. MUNSON HOUSE - CELLAR - DAY
text: The General stands stock still, his nose an inch away from
text: the earthen wall, studying it, squinting through the smoke
text: of the cigarette pinched between his lips.
text: The rest of the men are opening their cases and taking out
text: the instruments. Gawain's case contains, however, not a
text: musical instrument but a boombox and several tapes. He loads
text: one of the tapes into the machine.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: What do you think, General? Present
dialog: any problems?
text: After a beat the General turns away from the wall to give
dialog: Dorr a look into which one might read anything, or nothing.
text: Gawain hits play on the boombox and the cellar is filled
text: with the fussy strains of baroque chamber music.
text: Dorr nods.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: ...Good then.
text: He spreads a map open on the sackbutt case.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: ...All right, gentlemen, why don't
text: we all crowd around and go over the
dialog: plan.
text: The biggest feature on the map is a wavy, roughly north-south
text: pair of lines: a river. A boat icon sits at one edge and
text: from it a dotted rectangle extends inland.
text: Dorr taps at the boat icon with his fiddle bow.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: ...This, gentlemen, is the Lady Luck,
dialog: gambling den, cash cow, Sodom of the
dialog: Mississippi delta -- and the focus
dialog: of our little exercise. Here is
dialog: Orchard Street...
text: He is tracing a street that parallels the dotted rectangle
text: extending from the boat. The street is lined by small house
text: icons on either side; the bow comes to rest on one of those
dialog: icons.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: ...and here is the residence of Marva
dialog: Munson, the charming lady whom y'all
dialog: met moments ago. Gentlemen...
dialog: Bow taps emphasize:
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: ...You... are... here. Now. This
dialog: brings us to this square...
text: The bow indicates it, and then withdraws.
text: Dorr uses the bow as a swagger stick to punctuate as he begins
dialog: to pace.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: ...Gentlemen, I believe you are all
dialog: aware that the Solons of the State
dialog: of Mississippi, to wit, its
dialog: legislature, have decreed that no
dialog: gaming establishment shall be erected
text: within its borders upon dry land.
dialog: They may, however, legally float
dialog: upon any watercourse defining a state
dialog: boundary. But while the gambling
dialog: activity itself is restricted to
dialog: riverboats, no such restriction
dialog: applies to the functions ancillary
dialog: to this cash besotted bidnis. The
dialog: casino's offices, locker rooms,
dialog: facilities to cook and clean, and
dialog: most importantly its counting houses-
dialog: the reinforced, secret, and super
dialog: secure repositories of the lucre --
dialog: may all be situated... wherever.
dialog: Gawain -- where is wherever?
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: Say wha?
text: Dorr's smug smile fades. Testily:
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Where is the money?
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: Oh. End of every shift pit boss brings
text: the cash down to the hold of the
text: ship in the locked cash box; once a
dialog: day all the cash boxes're moved to
text: the counting room.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: And where is the counting room?
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: Well, uh... in that square there.
dialog: Where you pointing.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: And what, to flog a horse that if
dialog: not at this point dead is in mortal
dialog: danger of expirin', does the dotted
dialog: square represent?
text: Gawain hesitates, the question's obviousness suggesting to
dialog: him some trick.
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: ...Offices. Underground.
text: Dorr's eyes close. A smile of feline contentment curls his
text: lips. He murmurs:
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Underground... Mmm... During the
dialog: casino's hours of operation the door
text: to the counting room is fiercely
text: guarded, and the door itself is of
dialog: redoubtable Pittsburgh steel; when
dialog: the casino is closed the entire
text: underground complex is locked up and
text: the armed guard retreats to the
text: casino's main entrance. There, then,
text: far from the guard, reposes the money,
text: cosseted behind a five-inch-thick
dialog: steel portal, yes, but the walls,
dialog: gentlemen, the walls of that room,
text: are but humble masonry, behind which
text: is only the soft loamy soil deposited
dialog: over the centuries by Ol' Man, the
dialog: meanderin' Mississip', as it fanned
dialog: its way back and forth across this
dialog: great alluvial plain...
text: He has pried a fistfull of dirt from the cellar wall.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: ...This earth.
text: He crumbles it, letting it sift to the floor, and then,
text: pleased with himself, he smiles.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: ...Any questions?
text: Lump looks around, then hesitantly raises his hand.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: ...Yes, Lump?
speaker_heading: LUMP
dialog: What, uh... what does "cosseted"
dialog: mean?
text: Once again Dorr's smile fades. He does not dignify the
text: question with answer.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: The General here, whose curriculum
text: vitae compahends massive tunneling
dialog: experience thoo the soil of his native
dialog: French-Indochina, will direct our
dialog: little ol' tunnelin' operation.
text: The General acknowledges with a curt nod.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: ...Clark Pancake, while a master of
dialog: none, is a jack of all those trades
dialog: corollary to our aim. He will be
dialog: doin' such fabricatin' and demolition
dialog: work as our little caper shall
dialog: require.
dialog: Clark acknowledges verbally:
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
text: Happy to be on board.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Gawain is the proverbial "inside
dialog: man". He has managed to secure a
dialog: berth on the custodial staff of the
text: Lady Luck, thereby placin' himself
dialog: in a position to perform certain
dialog: chores whose precise nature needn't
dialog: detain us here, but whose performance
dialog: shall guide this expedition to its
dialog: happy conclusion.
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: Ya damn skippy.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: And this brings us to Lump. To look
dialog: at Lump you might wonder, what
dialog: function could he possibly fill,
dialog: what specialized expertise could he
dialog: possibly offer, to our merry little
dialog: ol' band a miscreants. Well gentlemen,
dialog: in a project of such magnitude and
dialog: such risks, it is traditional --
dialog: nay, it is imperative -- to enlist
text: the services of a hooligan, a goon,
text: an ape, a physical brute, who will
dialog: be our security, our fist, our
dialog: batterin' ram. Lump is our blunt
dialog: instrument, and on all our behalfs I
dialog: wish him a warm Mississippi welcome.
speaker_heading: LUMP
dialog: Thanks, Professor.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Well gentlemen, here you are, men of
dialog: different backgrounds and differing
text: talents, men with, in fact only two
dialog: things in common: one, you all saw
dialog: fit to answer my little advertisement
dialog: in the Memphis Scimitar, and, two,
dialog: you are all going to be, in
dialog: consequence, very very incredibly
dialog: rich. Let us revel in our adventure,
dialog: gentlemen. Let us make beautiful
dialog: music together. And above all,
dialog: gentlemen, let us keep it to
dialog: ourselves. What we say in this root
dialog: cellar, let it stay in this root
dialog: cellar.
speaker_heading: LUMP
dialog: There's no "I" in "team".
text: All stare at him.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: ...Lump has a very excellent point.
text: The music swells, supported now by a male chorus that has
dialog: the spirited manliness of the Red Army choir. We
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. MUNSON HOUSE - BASEMENT - NIGHT
text: The men at work, tunneling.
text: The cat sits on the cellar floor, head cocked, gazing at the
text: hole now opened in the wall.
text: Lump, in a sleeveless undershirt, glistening with sweat,
text: wields a pickaxe at the forward point.
text: At the mouth of the hole Clark Pancake shovels dirt into a
text: heavy plastic refuse bag held open by Gawain.
text: G.H. Dorr sits on a camp chair, one hand idly waving time to
text: the music, reading an old and yellowed tome with half-glasses
text: perched midway down his nose.
text: The General hops nimbly out of the tunnel and unzips and
text: steps out of his all-in-one to reveal, underneath, his neatly
text: pressed leisure suit and ascot.
scene_heading: INT. MUNSON HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Later, Dorr stands at the head of the cellar stairs, looking
text: around the empty parlor. He gives a nod down the stairs and
text: the men troop up past him, carrying sacks of earth.
text: Over the mantelpiece, the eternal flame of the devotional
text: candle almost animating his features, Othar seems to watch
text: the men as they cross to the front door.
scene_heading: EXT. MUNSON HOUSE - NIGHT
text: The men load the earth into the hearse.
scene_heading: EXT. MISSISSIPPI RIVER - NIGHT
text: We are at the Mississippi bridge that we saw in the prologue
text: to the movie, but now, in dead of night, deserted.
text: The hearse is pulling up at the middle of the bridge and
text: dimming its lights. The men emerge; when they open the back
text: of the hearse to pull out the sacks, the cat bounds out to
text: watch from a distance.
text: We watch the men from HIGH, ANGLED DOWN along the masonry of
text: a tower that stands in the middle of the suspension bridge.
text: An ornamental gargoyle leers in the foreground.
text: The garbage scow is approaching. We hear the low toot of its
text: horn as it nears the bridge.
text: Lump is poised with the first sack hugged to his chest,
text: leaning over the railing.
text: The nose of the barge enters below us.
text: Lump releases the sack.
text: We watch it drop dead away like a bomb from an airplane.
text: It thuds distantly onto the barge. The next sack has been
text: passed up to Lump and is released.
text: The cat watches. Its orange eyes blink. Its pupils adjust.
scene_heading: INT. MUNSON HOUSE - CELLAR - NIGHT
text: A PULL BACK shows that the cat is in fact back in the
text: basement.
text: Its POV: continued tunneling.
text: Back to the cat, watching, then turning its head at a noise:
text: At the head of the stairs, the cellar door is opening.
text: A whistle from the General and Lump and Clark Pancake scramble
text: from the tunnel. They whip a curtain over its opening and
text: all men grab up their instruments as Dorr, covering with a
text: cough, turns off the CD player.
text: The General, his ever-present cigarette smoldering between
text: his lips, tongue-and-lips it up and backwards so that it is
text: inside his mouth, which he now closes.
text: Marva Munson is heavily and carefully descending the stairs.
text: As the men come into view they are looking up at her, Lump
text: holding his sackbutt but still glistening with sweat and
text: smeared with dirt.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: That's okay, don't stop on account
dialog: of me.
text: Lump looks around, saucer-eyed, then blows gamely into his
text: sackbutt. It sounds like goose farts until Dorr waves him
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: No no, madam, we were about to take
text: a break anyway. The glissandi on
dialog: this particular piece are technically
dialog: very demanding and I think we would
dialog: all welcome a moment of relaxation.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Huh. I just thought you might like
dialog: to see-what a you gotten up to, honey?
dialog: Why you sweatin' like that.
text: It is directed at Lump, who looks down at his own sweat-
text: stained undershirt.
speaker_heading: LUMP
dialog: I, uh...
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: That man plays one bitch barrelful a
dialog: sackbutt. Ain't no one can blow the
dialog: tenor sackbutt like Lump, hoowee!
dialog: goes at that thing like it was a pu--
dialog: uh, like it was a woman! Goddamn! He--
text: She cuffs him on the head.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: You mind! I don't want that kind of
dialog: talk in my home, even in the root
dialog: cellar. This is a Christian house,
dialog: boy, none of that hippity-hop
dialog: language.
speaker_heading: DORR
text: Sadly, Gawain is given to--
text: WHAP! She slaps Gawain again.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Sometimes it's the only way!
text: He untenses after what seemed like the final blow, but --
text: WHAP! -- she slaps him again.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: ...I'm tryin' to help you, son!
speaker_heading: WHAP!
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: ...Better yaself!
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: As well you should, ma'am. But Gawain
dialog: at times is so far transported by
dialog: his love of the music of the early
dialog: Renaissance as to--
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Don't make no never-mind he's
dialog: transported!
text: Dorr has her by the elbow and is ushering her back up the
dialog: stairs.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: I understand your--
text: She pulls her elbow away and sniffs.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: You been smokin'?
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Certainly not, madam. I understand
dialog: your indignation. And I was offering
dialog: explanation, not excuse. I myself am
dialog: offended by those who cannot find
dialog: the proper words to express themselves
dialog: and have recourse to--
text: Gawain calls up the stairs:
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: Don't you be explainin' me, dawg!
dialog: You can't look into my mind, cape
dialog: man!
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Yes, yes...
text: Dorr's tone is soothing as he shuts the door at the top of
text: the stairs.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: ...A fiery lad! But then Youth is
dialog: fiery! A fact often remarked upon by
dialog: the poets of the Romantic era.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: My youth I was in church, I wasn't
dialog: walkin' around fiery. Youth ain't no
dialog: excuse for nothin'! Well, anyway...
dialog: only came down to show you the fife.
text: She hands him a thick, roughly whittled piece of cane. Dorr
text: holds it, looks at it dumbly. He is, for the first time that
dialog: we have seen anyway, non-plussed.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
text: ...Othar's fife. He burned his own.
text: Dorr tries to summon conversation as the two sit with their
text: backs to the fireplace:
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: ...Did he?
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Mm-hm. I thought maybe bein' a musical
dialog: man you'd be interested.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Oh, I am indeed--
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Cut it himself and burned the holes.
dialog: Israelites called it a kalil.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Ah.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Kalil, fife, same thing. You can
dialog: read about it in the Bible. Ain't
dialog: nothin' new under the sun.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Indeed not.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Gone these twenty years. He was some
dialog: kind of man.
text: From Othar's POV, slightly high, we see them both twist in
text: their chairs to look up at the portrait.
text: REVERSE of the portrait, LOW ANGLE. Othar looks down at us
text: with what appears to be bemusement.
text: Marva Munson and Dorr gaze up at the portrait for a motionless
text: beat. At length, Marva Munson sighs:
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: ...Blowed the kalil.
text: Dorr's eyes remain on the picture as he inquires:
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: ...I don't suppose Othar ever turned
dialog: his hand -- or, uh, heh-heh-heh,
text: turned his lip -- to the shofar?
text: Prompted by her silence, he adds:
speaker_heading: DORR
text: ...The ceremonial ram's horn, sounded
dialog: by the priests of the Hebrews?
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: I don't know nothin' 'bout that.
dialog: Othar didn't study no shofar, to the
dialog: extent a my knowledge. The kalil was
dialog: good enough for my Othar...
text: She gazes at the portrait.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: ...Some kind of man.
scene_heading: INT. CASINO - DAY
text: TRACKING BEHIND A SASHAYING ASS
text: following a woman in a red dress.
speaker_heading: GAWAIN (O.S.)
dialog: Hey baby, don't be cruel. Jus' sneak
dialog: one little peek...
text: The woman looks back over her shoulder, smiling, as she
text: continues to walk.
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: ...Don't let this uniform fool ya--
scene_heading: REVERSE PULLING TRACK
text: leads Gawain MacSam, pushing his wheeled trash bin.
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: You don't need to be gamblin', honey,
dialog: you lookin' at a sure thing. They
dialog: call me Mr. 21, baby, 'cause that's
dialog: how I measure up. I am the original
dialog: black Jack, honey, accept no
dialog: substitutions. You can pull my lever
dialog: all day long, sweet mama, I ain't
dialog: never gonna come up lemons. That's
dialog: right, sugar, you can blow on my
dialog: dice any ol' time.
scene_heading: INT. CASINO - GUDGE'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Gudge has his feet up on the desk and is filing his nails
text: with an emery board.
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: But Mr. Gudge, she had an ass that
dialog: could pull a bus. This lady was fine,
dialog: fine, dandy, divine.
speaker_heading: GUDGE
dialog: I don't care how big her ass was,
dialog: MacSam. You're fired.
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: Say what?
speaker_heading: GUDGE
dialog: There is no fraternizing with
dialog: customers on the Lady Luck. Clean
dialog: out your locker.
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: But Gudge–-
speaker_heading: GUDGE
dialog: Get out of here. You're fired.
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: You can't fire me. I sue your ass!
speaker_heading: GUDGE
dialog: Sue me? For what?
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: Sue you for fuckin' punitive damages,
dialog: man!
speaker_heading: GUDGE
dialog: Punitive damages.
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: Ya damn skippy. I know you firin' my
dialog: ass 'cause I'm black!
speaker_heading: GUDGE
text: Everyone on the custodial staff is
dialog: black, MacSam. Your replacement's
dialog: gonna be black. His replacement will
dialog: no doubt be black.
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: Fuckin' judge is gonna be black,
dialog: motherfucker, that's who gonna be
dialog: black! You gonna stand tall before
dialog: the man!
scene_heading: EXT. WAFFLE HOUSE - DAY
scene_heading: VERY HIGH ANGLE
text: We are looking down past the distinctive pylon-mounted yellow
text: letters: WAFFLE.
scene_heading: INT. WAFFLE HOUSE - DAY
text: The band of miscreants is seated around a table with cups of
text: coffee. Dorr's wardrobe makes no concession to the informality
text: of the setting; he still wears his cape and a black string
text: tie. His manner is more mournful even than usual:
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Oh my. Oh my my my my my. This is a
dialog: severe setback. I am distraught. I
dialog: am more than distraught, I am
dialog: devastated. Oh my, this is quite the
text: monkey-wrench heaved into the
text: meticulously engineered construct of
dialog: our little escapade.
speaker_heading: LUMP
dialog: Yeah, it fucks things up.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: I am beside myself. I am at a positive
dialog: loss for words.
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: You still talkin' okay though.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: Have you all decided?
text: Dorr's intensely mournful agitation is brought to bear upon
dialog: her:
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Oh madam, we must have waffles. We
dialog: must all have waffles forthwith!
text: They hand in their menus.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: ...Oh we must think. We must all
dialog: have waffles and think, each and
dialog: every one of us to the very best of
dialog: his ability! Perhaps if you apologized
dialog: to the man and gave him flowers, or
text: perhaps a fruit basket, with a card
text: depicting a misty seascape and
text: inscribed with a sentiment.
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: Shit, man, it ain't about apologizin'!
dialog: He fired me 'cause I'm black!
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: He can't do that. You could sue him.
text: Open and shut case.
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: Fuckin' A.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: This is not 1952.
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: Man's a fuckin' bigot.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Well then, perhaps, surely, a
dialog: chocolate assortment has been known
dialog: to warm the heart of even the most
dialog: hardened misanthrope, especially if
dialog: it's a premium chocolate, imported,
dialog: say, from Switzerland, or the
dialog: Netherlands, or some other of the so-
dialog: called "Low" countries be they Dutch
dialog: or Flemish or Walloon--
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: Walloon my ass, the man ain't gonna
dialog: roll over for a fuckin' candy bar!
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: I'm afraid there's a setback on the
text: tunneling front too. We've run into
dialog: a pretty large rock, and--
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: -- Rock!
text: All turn to look at the General. He continues to stare at a
text: spot in space. He slowly releases some inhaled cigarette
text: smoke, murmuring:
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: ...Very bad.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Oh my my, it seems that the poet was
dialog: right: Troubles never singly come.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: Oh, we can get through the rock, no
dialog: worries there. Simplest thing in the
dialog: world. Why we blow right through it;
dialog: I've got a pyro license, we bore a
text: hole in the rock, pack in a little
dialog: plastique; igneous blows pretty good,
dialog: and we--
speaker_heading: LUMP
dialog: Is he gonna want a piece of the
dialog: action?
text: All turn to look at Lump.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: ...Who?
text: Lump hesitates, looking at the inquiring faces that surround
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: LUMP
dialog: ...Igneous?
dialog: A female Voice:
speaker_heading: MOUNTAIN GIRL (O.S.)
dialog: Hello Clark. Am I ordering the prima
dialog: cord?
text: The men look up at her.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: Yes, Mountain, we were just talking
dialog: about that, and some plastique.
text: All the men are staring at her, agog.
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: ...The fuck is this?
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: This is Mountain Girl. Mountain is
text: my right hand. She helps me with
dialog: ordnance. Helps me with damn near
dialog: everything.
text: The men stare.
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: ...You brought your bitch to the
dialog: waffle house?!
text: There is tension in the air. Dorr clears his throat.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: I confess myself to be puzzled as
dialog: well. I thought we all understood
dialog: that, so far as our little enterprise
text: is concerned, mum, as the saying
dialog: would have it, is the word--
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: Of course. I understand that. But
dialog: this is Mountain...
text: He chuckles.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: ...I don't keep secrets from Mountain.
dialog: That's not how you maintain a loving,
dialog: caring relationship.
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: ...You brought your bitch to the
dialog: waffle house?
text: He looks around.
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
text: ...Man brings his bitch to the waffle
dialog: house!
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: Look, you, I'll thank you to stop
dialog: referring to Mountain that way. She's
dialog: the other half of my life.
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: Everybody lookin' at me like I'm a
dialog: fuck-up, losin' that sorry-ass job,
dialog: and this motherfucker bring his bitch
dialog: to the waffle house!
text: Pancake lunges across the table, sending dishes clattering
text: to the floor as he grabs Gawain by the shirt.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: You son of a bitch punk! Shut your
dialog: goddamn mouth!
text: He shakes him vigorously and rears back to take a swing at
dialog: him.
text: Gawain draws a gun.
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: Come and get me motherfuck! Come on,
dialog: baby, let's get it on!
text: Mountain starts screaming.
text: People look, aghast.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Gentlemen, please!
text: The other men pry Pancake and Gawain apart.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: ...Gentlemen, this sort of behavior
dialog: does you no credit in the eyes of
dialog: your colleagues, or in those of the
dialog: other patrons of this waffle house!
text: Pancake grumbles as he composes himself and straighten his
dialog: clothes.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: ...Nobody talks to Mountain Girl
dialog: that way. She had an abusive family!
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: Fuck you, man.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: Little punk. I got syrup on my safari
dialog: jacket.
text: He embraces Mountain, who continues to sob quietly.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Gentlemen, I propose that we consider
dialog: the matter of this woman, Mountain
dialog: Water, to be--
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: Mountain Girl.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: I am so very sorry. I propose that
dialog: we consider this matter to be closed,
dialog: and we shall chose to trust her,
dialog: since we now have no choice, and
dialog: since she shall share only in Mr.
text: Pancake's portion of the booty.
text: Over the shoulder of the quietly weeping Mountain Girl:
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: Of course. Wouldn't have it any other
dialog: way.
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: Damn right you won't.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: Up yours, punk.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Gentlemen! And the manner of disposing
dialog: of our igneous impediment is also
dialog: settled. That leaves only the question
text: of Gawain retrieving his job.
speaker_heading: LUMP
dialog: Couldn't you just bribe the guy?
text: All turn to look at Lump.
scene_heading: INT. MUNSON LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Othar looks serenely down from his spot over the mantelpiece.
text: Marva Munson knits; G.H. Dorr sits nodding over an ancient
text: volume of half-forgotten lore, reading glasses perched midway
text: down his nose. Curtains waft lazily in the summer night
dialog: breeze.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: ...You just a readin' fool, ain't
dialog: you Mr. Dorr.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Yes yes, I must confess, madam, that
dialog: often I feel more at home in these
dialog: ancient volumes than I do in the
dialog: hustle-bustle of our modern world.
dialog: To me, paradoxically, the literature
dialog: of the so-called "dead tongues" has
dialog: more currency than this mornin's
dialog: newspaper.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Mm-mm.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: In these books...
text: He removes his glasses and lazily twirls them.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: ...In these volumes, there is the
dialog: accum'lated wisdom a mankind which
dialog: succours me when the day is hard or
text: the night lonely and long.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Wisdom of mankind, what about the
dialog: wisdom of the Lord?
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Oh yes, the Good Book, mm. I have
dialog: found reward in its pages. But for
dialog: me there are other good books as
dialog: well; the heavy volumes of Antiquity,
text: freighted with the insights of Man's
dialog: glorious age. And then of course I
dialog: love, love, love the works of Mr. Ed
dialog: G'Allan Poe.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: I know who he is. Kinda creepy.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Oh no, madam, noooo. Not of this
dialog: world, true; he lived in a dream, an
dialog: ancient dream...
text: Dorr himself is lost in a dream:
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: "Helen, they beauty is to me Like
dialog: those Nicean barks a yore That gently,
dialog: o'er a perfumed sea, The weary,
dialog: wayworn wanderer bore To his own
dialog: native shore... "
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Who was Helen? She wasn't a loose
dialog: woman, was she? Some kinda whore a
dialog: Babylon?
dialog: Dorr is still lost:
speaker_heading: DORR
text: One doesn't know who Helen was, though
dialog: I picture her as bein' very, very
text: extremely... pale.
text: He comes to himself, focuses on Mrs. Munson.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: ...Miz Munson, I was tryin' to think
dialog: of some way of expressin' my gratitude
dialog: to you for takin' in...
text: He chuckles.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: ...this weary, wayworn wanderer...
text: The Professor takes a small ticket envelope from where it
text: had served as bookmark, and hands it across.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: ...It's just a modest little ol'
dialog: present, why it's practically nothing
dialog: at all.
text: Beaming, she takes two tickets out of the envelope and
text: inspects them.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Oh Mr. Dorr, why you are such a
dialog: gallant man...
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Oh no madam, I blush. I melt. No, I
dialog: just happened to hear of this gospel
dialog: concert tomorrow night, The Mighty
dialog: Mighty Clouds of Joy, and I thought
dialog: you and a friend from church,
dialog: perhaps...
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Othar loved that music... Yes, I got
dialog: a widow-lady friend...
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: The concert is up in Memphis, but I
dialog: have arranged for a car service to
dialog: transport you thither and, needless
dialog: to say, back home at the concert's
dialog: termination. My friends and I will
dialog: be rehearsing here tomorrow evening
dialog: so you needn't worry about the
dialog: security of your charming little old
dialog: house...
text: There is a knock at the door.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Huh? Excuse me.
scene_heading: I/E. MUNSON HOUSE - FOYER - NIGHT
text: Mrs. Munson swings the door open to Sheriff Wyner. His squad
text: car is parked at the curb.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Sheriff Wyner, how you doin'...
scene_heading: INT. MUNSON HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: The Professor's eyes widen with concern as he hears the
dialog: voices, off:
speaker_heading: SHERIFF (O.S.)
dialog: Evenin', Miz Munson, I just came
dialog: by...
scene_heading: I/E. MUNSON HOUSE - FOYER - NIGHT
text: The sheriff is tipping his hat and already backing away,
dialog: trying to make his visit brief:
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: ...to let you know I had a word with
dialog: WeeMack. He says he gonna comply
dialog: with your request, keep the music
text: down and neighborly.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Mm-hm.
text: He calls from the bottom of the stoop:
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: So you have a pleasant evening now,
dialog: and just let us know--
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Hang on there, Sheriff, somebody I
dialog: want you to meet.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: Ma'am, I'm a little pressed for time--
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Why, you chasin' a gang of bank
dialog: robbers? Get on in here say hello.
scene_heading: INT. MUNSON HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
dialog: The Voices approach:
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: ...We was just havin' tea, talkin'
dialog: about Othar--
text: The two enter and Mrs. Munson stops short, looking.
text: The living room is empty. Even the Professor's teacup is
dialog: gone.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: ...Hm... Bussed his own dishes. You
dialog: can always tell a gentleman.
text: The sheriff, hat in hand, gazes about.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: Someone was here, ma'am?
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Mm-hm, with me'n Othar.
text: Once again, he tries to excuse himself:
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: Well, maybe I'll catch him next
dialog: time...
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Come on up to his room.
scene_heading: INT. MUNSON HOUSE - DORR'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: The door opens and the two look in.
text: The neatly made bed next to the small, barren dresser.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Mm, he's neat.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: Very neat.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Probably went down to the cellar to
text: play with his friends.
text: She turns.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: Ma'am, I really have to...
text: POV FROM UNDER THE BED
text: Top-teased by a dust ruffle in the foreground, we see Mrs.
text: Munson's heavy orthopedic shoes turning to pass Sheriff
text: Wyner's shiny black boots.
speaker_heading: REVERSE
text: shows Dorr, cheek pressed to the floor, his teacup and saucer
text: under the bed with him.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: ...be gettin' back...
text: BACK TO NORMAL PERSPECTIVE
text: Mrs. Munson is about to go out the door but notices something:
text: A corner of the Professor's cape, protruding from under the
text: end of the bed.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: What the...
scene_heading: BACK TO DORR
text: fearfully watching.
speaker_heading: HIS POV
text: The heavy orthopedic shoes approach, and then, with loud Mr.
text: Mogul sounds of effort, Mrs. Munson's hands and knees hit
dialog: the floor.
text: Her head drops in to view to peer in, her own cheek against
text: the floorboards.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: ...What the... Why, Professor!
text: We see the Sheriff watching and his HIGH POV of Mrs. Munson's
text: enormous ass.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: ...What you doin' havin' tea down
dialog: there?!
text: Dorr makes silent hand waves to disavow his own presence.
text: Mrs. Munson roars with laughter.
text: With difficulty she pushes herself back upright, still
text: laughing.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: ...Land of Goshen! Get out from under
dialog: there!
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: Miz Munson, my pager just went off...
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Why of all the...
scene_heading: INT. MUNSON HOUSE - STAIRCASE/FOYER - NIGHT
text: The Sheriff is already backing down the stairs:
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: 'Fraid I gotta respond...
text: He opens the front door and calls up:
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: ...I'll try to meet your friend some
dialog: other time.
scene_heading: INT. MUNSON HOUSE - DORR'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Dorr shimmies out from under the bed.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Well that was very... refreshing...
dialog: As you know...
text: He gets to his feet, slaps dust from the front of his pants.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: ...we academics are inordinately
dialog: fond of wedgin' ourselves into
text: confined spaces. At Yale the students
dialog: will see how many of their number
text: they can enclose in a telephone booth;
text: Harvard, a broom closet.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Why I never!
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: There was the goldfish-swallowin'
dialog: craze, of course, a different but
dialog: related phenomenon... Ahem... I hope
dialog: I didn't spill any tea...
scene_heading: INT. CASINO - GUDGE'S OFFICE - DAY
text: CLOSE ON A BOX OF CHOCOLATES
text: The box is being pulled open.
speaker_heading: GUDGE (O.S.)
dialog: What the hell is this?
speaker_heading: WIDER
text: shows Gawain in Mr. Gudge's office as Gudge, behind the desk,
text: looks at the gift-wrapped box.
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: It's just my way of sayin', well,
dialog: goddamnit, I don't know what it's
dialog: like walkin' in your shoes, bein'
dialog: all tightass and all, and you don't
dialog: know what it's like to walk in my
dialog: shoes, but, well...
text: Gudge is opening a card that was inside the box. Its floral
text: front says in gold script, "I'm Sorry... If I hurt your
dialog: feelings... "
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: ...You know, there's the custodian,
text: and then there's the man inside the
dialog: custodian, y'understand what I'm
dialog: sayin'...
text: Gudge opens the card. Inside is a hundred-dollar bill.
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: ...and that man has needs, dig, and
dialog: I guess those needs, Mr. Gudge, which
dialog: they usually involve women with big
dialog: asses, well those motherfuckin' needs
text: sometimes well up over the custodian
dialog: like the motherfuckin' Johnstown
dialog: Flood. But my point is it ain't gonna
dialog: happen again. Not if it's humanly
dialog: possible...
text: Gudge reads the card, flips it over to look at its back.
speaker_heading: GUDGE
dialog: Hmm...
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: But Jesus, if you'd seen the ass on
dialog: that girl, Mr. Gudge, you'd a wanted
dialog: her sitting on your face too.
speaker_heading: GUDGE
dialog: Well, we're all human.
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: Ya damn skippy.
speaker_heading: GUDGE
dialog: This apology buys you a one-week
dialog: probationary period. Stay away from
dialog: the customers, MacSam.
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL - NIGHT
text: Pancake is on his stomach, wearing goggles, boring a hole
text: into a rock face with a power drill.
scene_heading: INT. MUNSON HOUSE - CELLAR - NIGHT
text: We hear the whine of the drill faintly here, all but covered
text: by the sound of the chamber music on the boom box.
text: The other men sit around. Dorr gives a casual glance at his
text: watch as the whine subsides.
text: Pancake emerges from the tunnel covered with grime.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: The drill bit's getting awfully hot.
dialog: Gawain, maybe you could fill a hudson
dialog: sprayer and spritz it down while I
dialog: drill.
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: Fuck you, man, I ain't your house
dialog: nigger. I'm the inside man!
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: Look, are you gonna have a bug up
dialog: your ass for the rest of the time we
dialog: work together?
speaker_heading: LUMP
dialog: I'll get the sprayer.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: No no, me and this gentleman here
dialog: have to get square. Let me tell you
dialog: something, MacSam. You wanna know
dialog: something?
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: I don't wanna know shit from you.
text: Pancake leans against the wall and pushes his goggles up on
text: his forehead, leaving raccoon eyes.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: I'm gonna tell you how I came down
dialog: to Mississippi. Wasn't born here,
dialog: you know. I'm from Scranton,
dialog: Pennsylvania...
text: Abruptly, he stares off into space.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: ...Nnnff!
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: Huh?
text: Pancake's eyes regain their focus:
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: ...Scranton, Pennsylvania. Came down
dialog: here in 1964. Greyhound Bus. With
dialog: the Freedom Riders. You know who the
dialog: Freedom Riders were, MacSam?
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: I don't give a shit who they were.
dialog: Just tell me when they gonna leave.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: The Freedom Riders, my fine young
dialog: man, were a group of concerned
dialog: liberals from up North -- whites,
dialog: Negros, and yes, Jewish people --
dialog: all working together, just like we
dialog: are here. Concerned citizens who
dialog: came down here so that local black
dialog: people could have their civil
dialog: liberties. So that people like you
dialog: could have the vote.
text: All look at Pancake. Quiet, except for the delicate chamber
dialog: music.
text: Gawain's tone softens:
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: ...You know what, man?
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: What, brother?
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: I don't vote. So fuck you.
dialog: Pancake darkens:
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: Why you fucking--
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: And the bus you rode in on!
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: That's it!
text: He peels off his coat.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: ...Let's step outside, MacSam!
text: There is a knock on the cellar door. The men freeze
text: momentarily, then scramble for their instruments. The General
text: flips his cigarette backwards into his mouth.
text: Dorr turns off the boom box, then calls:
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Yes, madam?
text: The door opens and Mrs. Munson comes down the stairs, holding
text: a large plate covered by a checked napkin.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: My friend Mrs. Funthes is here so
dialog: I'm about to go on out. I just wanted
dialog: to leave y'all with some cinnamon
dialog: cookies...
text: She takes the napkin off and carries the plate from person
text: to person; each obediently takes a cookie with a murmured
dialog: "Thank you, ma'am."
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: ...Y'all sound pretty good. It'd be
dialog: nice if you'd come by the church
dialog: some day, give us a recital.
text: Dorr takes her by the arm and escorts her back to the stairs.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Oh madam, you are too kind. Our music,
dialog: however, is -- how shall I put it? --
dialog: rather Roman in its outlook; many of
dialog: our pieces were commissioned by the
dialog: Holy See.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Oh, I see all right, but we don't
dialog: make a big whoop-dee-do about
dialog: denominations; everybody welcome at
dialog: our church. We've had Methodists
dialog: come in. Episcopals. Even had a Jew
dialog: come in once with a guitar back in
dialog: the sixties.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Indeed. Excuse me, one moment, ma'am,
dialog: and I shall see you off...
text: They have reached the top of the stairs and the Professor
text: ushers her out but stays behind himself. He turns to address
dialog: the rest of the men below:
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: ...If you gentlemen can labor
dialog: harmoniously in the course of my
dialog: absence, then perhaps upon my return
dialog: we shall be prepared to explode that
dialog: vexin' ol' piece a igneous.
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: He's the motherfuckin' piece of
dialog: igneous.
scene_heading: INT. MUNSON HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: The Professor emerges from the cellar. Mrs. Munson awaits
text: with her friend who is likewise togged out in fancy Sunday
text: dress and carrying a shiny black purse.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Professor, this is Rosalie Funthes,
dialog: Rosalie, Professor G.H. Dorr, Ph.D.
speaker_heading: ROSALIE
dialog: Oh my, that's an awful lot of letters.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Well of course in my youth I was
dialog: simply known as Goldthwait...
scene_heading: INT. MUNSON HOUSE - CELLAR - NIGHT
text: Pancake is taking the boom box off the table to clear some
dialog: space.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: All right, safety meeting, let's
dialog: listen up. General, could you hand
dialog: me the prima cord and the compound
dialog: there. Before we set the charge we'll
dialog: run through our procedure.
text: Various paraphernalia are laid out on the table.
text: The cat sits in a corner of the cellar, watching carefully
text: and, it seems, listening attentively.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: ...I have earplugs for whoever wants
dialog: them. Just wedge them in your ears.
dialog: Now here we have -- not yet, Lump.
text: Lump stops putting in his earplugs.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
text: ...Now. Prima cord. Gelatinite. C4.
dialog: Time comes, we pack the hole in the
text: rock with the C4 and insert two leads.
dialog: A...
text: He holds up one lead.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: ...and B.
text: He holds up the other lead.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: ...Charge comes from a battery that
text: is inside this plunger. Ordinary
dialog: auto battery, you can pick it up at
dialog: Sears, easiest thing in the world...
scene_heading: EXT. MUNSON HOUSE - NIGHT
text: A black town car idles at the curb. Dorr is just escorting
text: the two ladies out the front door and down the stoop.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: I remember my father telling me --
dialog: and it is one of the few memories I
text: retain of the man, from one of his
dialog: visits home, and how I do cherish it --
dialog: he said, "Goldthwait, you are not
dialog: formed as other little boys."
speaker_heading: ROSALIE
dialog: Mm-mm.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: He a man of learnin'?
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: G.H. number two was self-educated;
dialog: he had no career, as such, though
dialog: the state recognized the breadth of
dialog: his readin' by making him librarian
dialog: at the state nervous hospital in
dialog: Meridian, where he was a distinguished
dialog: inmate.
scene_heading: INT. MUNSON HOUSE - CELLAR - NIGHT
text: Pancake sets down the two electrical leads and picks up a
dialog: hammer.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: This is the same procedure we will
dialog: be using when we collapse the tunnel
text: after entering the casino vault and
text: returning to the root cellar.
text: He looks pointedly at Gawain.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: ...This is for your own protection,
dialog: so pay close attention. Once these
dialog: materials are combined only the
dialog: professionals may handle them. That
dialog: means me, or the General. Separately
text: they are harmless-completely inert.
dialog: Why, you could light this stuff on
dialog: fire, hit it with a hammer--
text: He swings the hammer down onto the plastique--
scene_heading: EXT. MUNSON HOUSE - NIGHT
text: --and there is the dull thud of an explosion and the house's
text: windows rattle in their frames.
text: The Professor, at the open door of the car into which the
text: two ladies have just sat, looks up at the house, as do the
dialog: ladies.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: ...What in the name of heaven was
dialog: that?
text: Dorr stares at the house, appalled.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: I'm... quite sure... that there is...
dialog: no cause for alarm...
text: He struggles for self-possession.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: ...Why, I'm not even absolutely
dialog: certain that I heard anything at
dialog: all.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Didn't hear anything?!
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Well, something, perhaps, but...
text: Marva Munson starts to get out of the car.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: ...nothing that need discompose us,
dialog: was the sense I was trying to
dialog: convey...
text: He urges her back into her seat.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: ...Miz Munson, I will not have you
dialog: missing your musical recital. Why,
dialog: you go ahead now. Miz Funthes, you
dialog: as well, I beg of you...
text: He is backing up the walk.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: ...I shall call the gas company, or
dialog: the water company, or whatever
dialog: subterranean utility is implicated
dialog: in this little... occurrence... I
dialog: shall see to the matter... as only a
dialog: highly educated classicist could.
text: At the door now, he gives the two women peering out the car
text: window a smiling but vigorous wave away, which they do not
text: heed, and then he enters.
scene_heading: INT. MUNSON HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: The room is filled with smoke.
text: Othar, slightly askew over the mantel, looks a little huffy.
text: We hear clomping and screaming on the cellar stairs.
text: Lump bursts out, shrieking:
speaker_heading: LUMP
dialog: Blood, Professor! Oh my God! Blood!
text: The General comes bounding up the stairs like a panther, a
text: cigarette burning in his lips. He lands catlike in the living
text: room, glides to the blubbering Lump, grabs one shoulder firmly
text: with one hand, and with the other slaps him sharply, once
text: forehand, once backhand.
text: Lump stares at him, shocked, his blubbering cut short.
text: More noise is coming from the stairs:
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: ...why, it's nothing to make a fuss
dialog: about. Perfectly all right... happens
dialog: all the time...
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: ...You gotta go find it, dipshit!
text: Pancake emerges from the stairwell, his hair singed, his
text: face and the front of his jumpsuit darkened by the blast. He
text: is clutching one hand with the other.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: ...No, no. Really, I'm perfectly all
dialog: right.
text: Gawain has ascended just behind to hector him over his
dialog: shoulder:
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: Perfectly all right? You just blew
dialog: your fucking finger off!
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: Sure, but--
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: Well get back down there and find
dialog: it, man! I ain't pickin' up your
dialog: goddamn finger!
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: I gather there was a premature
dialog: detonation--
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: They can sew that shit back on, jack!
dialog: Like that guy his wife cut his dick
dialog: off! Just sewed that motherfucker
dialog: back on!
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: Of course. Simplest thing in the
dialog: world. Microsurgery--
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: Saw that motherfucker in a porno!
dialog: Thing still works!
text: Pancake is pale from loss of blood and his pontifications
dialog: lack full conviction:
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: Oh yes, they have remarkable abilities
dialog: in the, uh...
scene_heading: EXT. MUNSON HOUSE - NIGHT
dialog: Quiet.
text: The two women sit in the idling car, looking at the house.
text: From the house there is very muted bellowing.
text: Still looking toward the house, Mrs. Munson offers a word of
dialog: explanation to her friend:
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: They using the house to practice
dialog: music a the rococo.
speaker_heading: ROSALIE
text: Mmmm-hm.
scene_heading: INT. MUNSON HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: The cat, with a human finger in its mouth, sidles cautiously
text: to one side, warily eying someone.
speaker_heading: VOICES (O.S.)
dialog: Get him!
text: The General, pluming cigarette in his mouth, tensed arms
text: extended outwards, sidles cautiously to cut him off.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: I propose that we get our fallen
dialog: comrade to the hospital, and the
dialog: General shall follow when he manages
text: to recover the severed digit.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: I don't know what all the fuss is
dialog: about.
text: The cat jumps.
text: The General leaps to follow.
scene_heading: EXT. MUNSON HOUSE - NIGHT
text: The two women looking.
text: The front door of the house opens. Lump, the Professor, and
text: Gawain emerge, escorting Pancake. Just before Gawain finishes
text: closing the door the cat slips out.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: PICKLES!
text: The door is yanked fully open and the General races out after
dialog: the cat.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: ...You catch Pickles now!
text: The cat races across the lawn and, with no break in stride,
text: up his favorite tree.
text: The General follows and, also without breaking stride,
text: clambers up the tree after it.
text: Tree limbs shake with activity hidden by the leaves. We hear
text: the hiss of the cat.
text: The men are bundling Pancake into the hearse. Dorr calls to
dialog: the women before climbing in:
speaker_heading: DORR
text: The house is perfectly in order, but
dialog: we need medical attention for Mr.
dialog: Pancake who, during the disturbance,
text: pinched his finger in a valve of the
dialog: sackbutt.
text: The cat leaps out of the tree and runs away down the road.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: You let the cat out!
text: The General leaps out of the tree to land catlike on the
text: street, arms tensed, casts a look both ways, and then pursues
text: the animal down the road. We hear the retreating padding
text: footsteps of all six feet.
speaker_heading: DORR
text: The General is even now exercising
dialog: every effort to retrieve your
dialog: mischievous little pet. Please go,
dialog: go and enjoy your concert, and we
dialog: shall see you later in the evening.
dialog: Au revoir, mes dames!
scene_heading: EXT. MISSISSIPPI RIVER - NIGHT
text: A new day. The garbage scow chugs down the mighty Mississippi.
text: It toots its horn.
scene_heading: INT. MUNSON HOUSE - CELLAR - NIGHT
scene_heading: CLOSE ON SCHEMATIC MAP
text: It shows the underground complex and, stretching towards it
text: in a line drawn with a blunt pencil, is the tunnel. It is
text: now almost to the vault.
text: A violin bow enters to tap at the line.
speaker_heading: DORR (O.S.)
dialog: Despite our little setback we find
dialog: ourselves on schedule to penetrate
dialog: the vault...
text: The bow taps at the vault outline.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: ...here, this afternoon, having
dialog: successfully blasted that little ol'
text: rock to pieces during Miz Munson's
dialog: choir practice.
text: The violin bow withdraws.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: ...Clark, perhaps you can run us
dialog: through the game plan for what remains
dialog: of our tunnelin'.
text: A bandaged hand enters frame and a finger-stump points at
text: the end of the penciled line.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE (O.S.)
dialog: Of course. Why, it's child's play
dialog: now, easiest thing in the world.
text: Only a couple of feet separate us
dialog: from the vault...
speaker_heading: WIDER
text: The men are clustered around the map, spread out on the
text: sackbutt case in the cellar. Clark continues:
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: ...Just the usual spadework until we
text: hit the masonry of the vault, and
dialog: then we drill through.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: And will you be able to wield the
dialog: drill with your maimed extremity?
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: Oh, I should think so, it's only one
dialog: finger. Inhibits me in doing finer
dialog: work, of course. I'll always have to
dialog: live with that... Ahem. Maybe, and
dialog: I'm just thinking out loud here,
dialog: maybe since, as you say, it will
dialog: present problems later...
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Yes, Clark?
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: Well, maybe -- and this is something
dialog: I've talked over with Mountain Girl,
dialog: and she agrees with me, so it's not
dialog: just one person's opinion -- maybe I
dialog: should get a little extra compensation
dialog: for the accident.
text: A long, stony silence.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: ...Somewhat larger share. Why, if
dialog: this were any other line of work I'd
dialog: be getting workmen's comp, wouldn't
dialog: I? Might even have a pretty good
dialog: lawsuit.
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: You gonna sue yaself for blowin' off
dialog: your finger?
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: Well that is simply asinine--
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Yes but you see, Clark, this is not
dialog: what you just called "some other
dialog: line of work."
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: But if it were--
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: This is a criminal enterprise, not
dialog: to put too fine a point on it,
dialog: entailin' all manner a risks not
dialog: involved in honest labor. Governmental
dialog: regulations an' civic safeguards
dialog: cannot be assumed to apply to
dialog: antisocial pursuits.
speaker_heading: LUMP
dialog: Yeah, but he lost his finger.
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: We don't give a shit! Man can blow
dialog: his own dick off, don't make no
dialog: nevermind to us! We don't gotta pay
dialog: the man for goin' around blowin' off
dialog: body parts! Getcha head outcha ass,
dialog: man!
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: Look, you--
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: I think that in this instance Gawain
dialog: has a very excellent point. I--
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: No extra share!
text: All stop and stare at the General.
dialog: Clark grumbles:
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: Well, okay, majority rules, like I
dialog: say, it was just a trial balloon.
dialog: Hand's not so bad really, I even get
text: some phantom feeling.
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: You pull on your prick you get phantom
dialog: feeling. Greedy motherfuck.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Now that that matter is settled, let
dialog: us synchronize our watches before
text: Gawain reports to work. In... twenty
dialog: seconds... it will be twelve-sixteen
dialog: exactly... fifteen...
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: It will be twelve-fifteen?
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: No, in fifteen seconds -- now eleven
dialog: seconds -- it will be twelve-
dialog: sixteen... eight...
speaker_heading: LUMP
dialog: Professor?
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Six... five -- yes, Lump?
speaker_heading: LUMP
dialog: I don't have a watch.
scene_heading: EXT. CASINO - DAY
text: It is the weathered doorway to the main entrance of the Lady
text: Luck. A hand enters to rap.
speaker_heading: ELRON (O.S.)
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: Me, dickwad.
text: A low, chesty chuckle. The door swings open and Gawain enters.
scene_heading: INT. CASINO - DAY
scene_heading: RUMBLING WHEELS ON NUBBY FLOOR
text: A garbage bin is being wheeled across the empty casino floor.
speaker_heading: WIDER
text: Gawain is wheeling it. He is approaching the tunnel to the
dialog: corporate annex.
text: BACK TO THE WHEELS
text: As they roll down the tunnel.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH - DAY
text: Loud singing at the cut. We are looking at Mrs. Munson in
text: the middle of the choir, holding forth in song.
scene_heading: INT. CASINO - SERVICE HALL - DAY
text: Gawain leans back against the wall next to the vault door,
text: arms folded across his chest. Faintly, from inside the vault,
text: we hear the whine of a power tool. Gawain leans over and
text: punches the button on boom box that hangs from the rolling
text: garbage bin. The hallway pulses with "I Left My Wallet In El
dialog: Segundo."
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH - DAY
text: More singing, Mrs. Munson and the rest of the choir now
text: clapping as they sing.
scene_heading: INT. CASINO - VAULT - DAY
text: The power-tool whine is louder here. We are looking at a
text: patch of wall.
text: After a beat, and with a loud rev as resistance gives way, a
text: drill bit emerges from the wall, spitting out bits of the
dialog: masonry.
text: The drill withdraws.
text: After a beat, hammer blows.
text: The chunk of masonry begins to buckle.
scene_heading: INT. CASINO - SERVICE HALL - DAY
text: The General opens the door, still somehow immaculately
text: groomed. Gawain enters.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH - DAY
text: The gospel number rising to climax, supported by the organist
text: and the rest of the congregation.
scene_heading: INT. CASINO - VAULT - DAY
text: Clark and Lump, covered in dirt and plaster dust, have started
text: stuffing bundled bills and small sacks into large garbage
text: bags. An irregular hole, about three feet across, gapes in
text: the far wall.
text: Gawain punches off the boombox, looking at all the money.
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: Well ain't that somethin'.
text: Clark suddenly freezes in the act of collecting money. He
text: straightens slowly.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
scene_heading: Hnnnn. Arrunggggh! Rnffff.
text: He stands stock still, wincing, gazing off into space.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: ...Mmmmnggh!
text: He whispers hoarsely, urgently:
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: ...IBS!
text: The other men look at him.
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: ...Say what?
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: IBS! Irritable Bowel Syndrome! Is
dialog: there a men's room down here?!
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: Oh man, you shouldn't be using the
dialog: men's room--
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: Or a lady's room! IBS! Quickly!
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: You shoulda shit back in the house,
dialog: man! We don't want Elron finding you
dialog: in the goddamn crapper!
text: Clark's voice is still hoarse. He does small knee bends of
dialog: urgency:
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: No choice! Quickly! It's a medical
dialog: condition!
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: You are disgusting, man. All right,
dialog: follow me.
scene_heading: INT. CASINO - DAY
text: We are CLOSE ON Gawain peering anxiously to one side.
text: He turns and peers the other way.
text: We hear a toilet flush and, after a beat, Clark emerges from
text: the men's room door next to which Gawain stands. His manner
text: is now completely relaxed.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: Feel thirty pounds lighter.
text: They start walking back to the vault.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: ...Thank you for being so
dialog: understanding. Not everyone is, of
dialog: course, which is why the biggest
dialog: challenge of IBS is educating the
dialog: public. Afflicts over two million
dialog: people yet most of us have never
dialog: heard of it. And it strikes without
dialog: regard to age, gender or race.
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: Oh fuck, man, I don't wanna know
dialog: about it.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: That's the kind of attitude we're
dialog: fighting.
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: Well maybe you should sign me up,
dialog: man, 'cause you startin' to irritate
dialog: my bowel.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH - DAY
text: The choir finishes a number and sits -- all except for Marva
text: Munson, who unties the knot on her robe at the nape of her
text: neck, slips it off and, with murmured goodbyes, slips away.
scene_heading: INT. CASINO - VAULT - DAY
text: As the two men enter Clark is still holding forth:
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: ...I guess I never told you, that's
dialog: how Mountain Girl and I met. They
dialog: had an IBS Weekend at Grossinger's,
dialog: in the Catskills. Of course the
dialog: tourist business up there has
dialog: suffered, with the demise of the
dialog: Borscht Belt. So they have different
dialog: promotions, mixers, so on. This was
dialog: a weekend for Irritable Bowel singles
dialog: to meet and support each other and
dialog: share stories.
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: Man, I don't wanna hear a single one
dialog: a them stories.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: Well, some of them are very--
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: Not one fuckin' story! You one fucked-
dialog: up motherfucker! You--
text: They stop short, looking:
text: The General and Lump are standing in the middle of the floor,
text: stock still, each clutching a bag of money, staring up at
text: the same corner of the ceiling.
text: Lump turns to Clark and Gawain.
speaker_heading: LUMP
dialog: Hey, lookit that.
text: Gawain and Clark join them in the middle of the vault and
text: look up at the corner of the ceiling.
text: A small video camera, aimed squarely at the four men.
text: THROUGH THE CAMERA
text: Black-and-white video, very WIDE ANGLE HIGH SHOT, of the
text: four motionless men below goggling up at the lens. Smoke
text: plumes from the General's cigarette.
text: BACK TO NORMAL PERSPECTIVE
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: Huh. Looks like an Ikegami.
text: He slips on his reading glasses as he gets a leg up on a
text: shelf just below the camera and hoists himself. He peers in
text: at the lens.
text: THROUGH THE LENS
text: Clark looming into EXTREME CLOSE SHOT.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: ...Oh yeah. Mm-hm. I'm not sure
dialog: whether it's broadcasting...
scene_heading: NORMAL PERSPECTIVE
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: ...Um-hm... No...
text: He is fingering the back of the camera.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: ...Hard wire...
text: Down below, Gawain looks at the wire snaking along the seam
text: of wall and ceiling. At the opposite corner it travels down
text: the joint of the two walls.
text: He traces its path down and then across one wall at chair-
text: rail height towards the door. The other men follow in an
text: anxious herd as he traces one finger along it.
text: Just before reaching the vault door the wire goes through
text: the wall in a hole finished off with a grommet. Gawain goes
text: out the vault door...
scene_heading: INT. CASINO - SERVICE HALL - DAY
text: ...and picks up the line where it emerges on the other side,
text: travels down to the joint of wall and floor, and then
text: continues along the floor. Gawain follows it and the other
text: men continue to follow him.
text: He traces it anxiously down the hall in a hunched lope. The
text: other men scuttle behind into...
scene_heading: INT. CASINO - MONITOR ROOM - DAY
text: The wire winds around into the room, back up to chair-rail
text: height, along one wall, behind some cabinetry which Gawain
text: hurries past to find it again on the far side, and then down
text: to a video recorder.
text: It is not, however, hooked up to the video recorder: its
text: pronged end swings loose just by where it would be plugged
dialog: in.
text: Inside the video recorder is a casette, which Gawain ejects.
text: The men crowd to look over his shoulder as he examines it:
dialog: "Shevann's Schvanz".
text: There is a pile of other videos by the monitor: "Charlayne
dialog: and the Chocolate Factory," "Big Dick Blaque's Big Night
text: Out," "Lemme Tell Ya 'Bout Black Chicks," "Anus &amp; Andy."
text: Just next to the pile is an old bowl of Kocoa Krispies.
scene_heading: INT. CASINO - VAULT - DAY
text: The General climbs into the tunnel with a garbage bagful of
text: money, followed by Lump, likewise encumbered. Lump hands
text: back out a satchel to Gawain, who sets it on the vault floor
text: by the hole. From the way he handles it, it is quite heavy.
text: Pancake, also with a bag of money, is getting ready to climb
dialog: in:
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: Look, I didn't choose to have IBS--
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: Shut the fuck up!
text: Lump hands Gawain a smaller, lighter satchel which he likewise
text: sets on the floor.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: There's no cure, you know. Only
dialog: control. Lifelong condition. Not
dialog: complaining, just fact. And I did
dialog: meet Mountain.
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: Grab your bag and get in that fucking
dialog: hole!
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCH - DAY
text: Mrs. Munson is leaving, with singing still audible from the
text: service that continues inside.
scene_heading: INT. MUNSON HOUSE - CELLAR - DAY
text: We are looking from inside the tunnel towards its mouth,
text: where the Professor stoops slightly to peer in, anxiously
text: dry-washing his hands.
text: A REVERSE shows the hunched-over men scuttling along the
text: tunnel towards us, holding large garbage sacks.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Welcome back, gentlemen, mission
dialog: accomplished I see. I am so very
dialog: very delighted...
text: He gives a hand down to each man as he exits the tunnel.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: ...Congratulations. Congratulations.
dialog: I have some cold duck on ice for the
dialog: occasion.
speaker_heading: LUMP
dialog: Maybe we could have something to
dialog: drink, too.
scene_heading: INT. CASINO - VAULT - DAY
text: Gawain, left behind, is muttering to himself as he uses a
text: trowel and other instruments from his satchel to patch up
text: the hole at his end of the tunnel.
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: Motherfucker can't stop talking,
dialog: can't stop shitting. Motherfucker
dialog: tell everyone about his motherfuckin'
dialog: asshole. No one gives a shit about
dialog: his asshole. Nobody interested in
text: another man's asshole. Or his bitch's.
scene_heading: EXT. MUNSON HOUSE - DAY
text: Mrs. Munson is letting herself in.
scene_heading: INT. MUNSON HOUSE - CELLAR - DAY
text: The men are sitting around the table, champagne glasses
text: raised. On the table sits the money, stacked in orderly piles.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Gentlemen, to we few. We who have
dialog: shared each other's company, each
dialog: other's care, each other's joy, and
dialog: who now reap the fruits of our
text: communal effits, shoulder to shoulder,
dialog: from each accordin' to his abilities
dialog: so forth whatnot. We have had our
dialog: little diffences along the way, it's
dialog: true, but I like to think they have
dialog: only made us value one another the
dialog: more, each coming to understand and
dialog: appreciate the other's unique
dialog: qualities, potencies, and, yes,
dialog: foibles. I suggest that we shall
dialog: look back upon this caper one day,
text: one distant day, grandchildren dandled
dialog: upon our knee, and perhaps a tear
dialog: will form, and we shall say, Well,
dialog: with wit, and grit, and no small
dialog: amount of courage, we accomplished
dialog: something on that day, a feat of
dialog: derring-do, an enterprise not ignoble --
text: we, merry band, unbound by the
dialog: constraints of society and the
dialog: prejudices of the common ruck, we
dialog: happy few. Gentlemen -- to us!
speaker_heading: MEN
dialog: To us!
text: They clink.
scene_heading: INT. MUNSON HOUSE - KITCHEN - DAY
text: Upstairs Mrs. Munson runs water into a teapot, humming to
dialog: herself.
scene_heading: INT. CASINO - VAULT - DAY
text: Having finished patching, Gawain starts painting. He turns
text: on his boombox, and out comes the big bassy "I Left My Wallet
dialog: in El Segundo."
scene_heading: INT. MUNSON HOUSE - CELLAR - DAY
text: The men, having drunk deep, are setting down their glasses.
text: Pancake looks at his watch with some concern.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: Charge should've gone off already.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: I do beg your pardon?
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: The charge to collapse the tunnel. I
dialog: set it for eight minutes.
text: Dorr looks at his watch.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Well that time, and more, has most
dialog: certainly elapsed.
text: FROM INSIDE THE TUNNEL
text: Looking toward the mouth. The men stoop over and peek
text: fearfully in.
text: They again stand upright. A silence.
text: Dorr clears his throat.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: I need not remind you of the
dialog: importance of obliterating any trace
dialog: of a connection between the vault
dialog: and this house. It was of the essence
dialog: of this plan that it should appear
dialog: that the money had simply vanished.
text: Without a trace. Spirited away, as
dialog: it were, by ghosts.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: Of course. I understand.
speaker_heading: DORR
text: The conundrum of the undisturbed yet
text: empty vault, the unsolvable riddle
text: of the sealed yet violated sanctum,
dialog: is of the utmost importance not only
dialog: to make our caper innelectually
text: satisfying. It is also exigent as a
dialog: matter of practical fact: I remind
dialog: you that if a tunnel is ever found
dialog: leading to this house, this house's
dialog: owner knows all of your names.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: She certainly does.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Therefore -- to draw the unavoidable
dialog: conclusion -- someone shall have to
text: reenter the tunnel to reset that
dialog: charge.
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL - DAY
text: Pancake, hunched over, scurries along the tunnel. He reaches
text: the remnants of a large rock, where the tunnel grows smaller.
text: He drops to crawl position and elbows his way forward,
text: toolbelt clanking along.
text: We are getting closer and closer to a muffled but thuddingly
text: bassy "I Left My Wallet in El Segundo."
scene_heading: INT. CASINO - VAULT - DAY
text: The music loudly present at the cut. Gawain takes a handheld
text: blowdryer out of his satchel and flips it on, directing it
text: at the fresh paint on the wall whose repairs are now
dialog: invisible.
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL - DAY
text: Music once again muffled. Pancake has reached a little LED-
text: displaying timer with leads trailing off of it.
text: He grabs it, puts on his reading glasses, squints.
text: The display shows: TIME REMAINING: 00:12.
text: The colons in the display rhythmically blink, but the number
dialog: does not advance. For some reason, stuck.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: Huh.
text: He reaches to his tool belt, pulls out his Leatherman.
scene_heading: INT. MUNSON HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: Mrs. Munson is setting places at a large table. There are
text: about a dozen place settings.
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL - DAY
text: Pancake now has a mini-mag light clenched between his teeth,
text: aimed down at the timer. He opens the phillips head on his
text: Leatherman but abruptly stops and stares off into space.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: Nnnnrungh...
text: He is squinting with pain.
text: The muffled hip-hop song is beginning to recede.
scene_heading: INT. VAULT - DAY
text: Gawain is wheeling his garbage cart out the door. The vault
text: is completely empty but looks completely undisturbed.
text: He closes the heavy vault door behind him, leaving quiet.
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL - DAY
text: Quiet here as well, now. Pancake's moan trails off to nothing.
text: He relaxes. The moment, whatever it was, has passed.
text: He looks back down at the unit, flicks it with his finger,
text: and it emits a soft beep.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: ...Huh?
text: He squints at the back of the unit.
text: As it beeps again, he turns the unit over to look at its
dialog: face.
text: The readout now says: 00:10.
text: As he watches, peering down through the bottom of his glasses,
text: it continues to advance with a beep as each second slips by:
dialog: 9... 8...
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: ...What the--
text: His eyes widen and he frantically shakes the unit. It
text: continues beeping. He briefly and sloppily tries to fit the
text: phillips head into one of the four screws on the back of the
text: unit but immediately gives up and starts a panicked wriggle
text: back up the tunnel, whimpering.
scene_heading: INT. CASINO - DAY
text: Gawain is wheeling his garbage cart past Elron.
scene_heading: INT. MUNSON HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: Mrs. Munson is placing the last piece of silverware, just
dialog: so.
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL - DAY
text: Pancake is in full panicked awkward flight as--
scene_heading: INT. MUNSON HOUSE - CELLAR - DAY
text: --BOOM! We CUT TO the cellar and Pancake is shot out the
text: tunnel like a human cannonball, trailing a comet-tail of
text: dirt, dust, and debris that wafts what were neatly stacked
text: bills up into the air.
scene_heading: INT. MUNSON HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: The portrait of Othar jostles back to square. He now looks a
dialog: little angry.
text: The cat arches her back, emitting a startled yowl.
text: Mrs. Munson stands, frozen, then looks slowly around, trying
text: to assimilate what has just happened.
scene_heading: INT. CASINO - DAY
text: Gawain and Elron are staring at each other, frozen, also
text: reacting to what just happened.
dialog: Finally:
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: ...You just fart?
speaker_heading: ELRON
dialog: Heh-heh-heh.
scene_heading: INT. MUNSON HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: Mrs. Munson is looking at the cellar door. Dust drifts out
text: from under it.
text: She takes a slow step towards it. Another step. She opens
text: the door.
text: There is no visibility in the cellar due to swirling clay
dialog: dust.
text: She takes one step down the stairs, waving at the air in
text: front of her face.
text: Paper money wafts in and out of the dust.
dialog: We hear Voices:
speaker_heading: PANCAKE (O.S.)
dialog: Perfectly all right. Not a problem.
speaker_heading: LUMP (O.S.)
dialog: Well there sure as shit ain't no
text: tunnel left.
text: The clearing dust reveals the caped Professor anxiously
text: dancing from foot to foot, gathering money out of the air.
text: As he reaches up to grab a bill that has him facing up in
text: Mrs. Munson's direction, he freezes.
text: His POV reveals her through dissipating dust.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Professor, I'm surprised.
text: There is a long beat, through which all stare at her.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: ...Properly speaking, madam, we have
dialog: been surprised; you are taken aback.
dialog: Though I acknowledge that the sense
dialog: you intend is gaining currency through
dialog: increasing use.
text: Further dissipation of the dust reveals how much money there
text: is, settling now to cover the floor of the cellar.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: ...You have returned from your
dialog: devotions betimes.
text: We hear the ring of the doorbell.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: I hadda fix tea. I wanna talk to
dialog: you, Professor, don't you be leavin'.
dialog: And don't make any more noise! And
dialog: you!
text: She points at the General who, in the excitement, has
text: neglected to hide his ever-present cigarette.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: ...I told you, I don't want any
dialog: smokin' in here!
text: She clomps upstairs and shuts the cellar door.
scene_heading: INT. MUNSON HOUSE - LIVING ROOM
text: We PULL HER towards the front door, angry and lost in thought.
text: Her look softens somewhat as she opens the door.
text: It is a chattering infestation of hens: all of her friends
text: from church push in wearing church dresses and elaborate
dialog: hats.
scene_heading: INT. MUNSON HOUSE - CELLAR - DAY
text: The men are still frozen looking up toward the door. The
text: muted cackle of church ladies.
text: The men gradually unfreeze.
speaker_heading: LUMP
dialog: She saw everything. She saw our
dialog: hole...
text: He turns to Dorr, near tears:
speaker_heading: LUMP
dialog: ...She saw our hole, Professor!
text: Dorr rubs his hands anxiously, thinking:
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Yes... Yes...
speaker_heading: LUMP
dialog: What do we do?
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Well, first, my dear boy, we follow
dialog: the General's example...
text: The General remains staring up at the door, frozen but for
text: the smoke pluming from the cigarette in his mouth.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: ...and refrain from panic. Secondly,
dialog: we cooly, calmly, collectedly think...
dialog: think...
text: The gaze of all the men drifts back up to the cellar door,
text: and we look down at them, gazing up.
scene_heading: INT. MUNSON HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: The chattering ladies are gathered at the table, Mrs. Munson
dialog: pouring them tea.
text: The cellar door creaks noisily -- one might almost say
text: gothically -- ajar, and the Professor peers out with an
text: ingratiating smile.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Hsst... Madam...
text: The chattering abates and the ladies all look at him. His
text: smile broadens into ghastliness and he crooks a finger toward
dialog: Mrs. Munson.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: ...Mrs. Munson, if I might have a
dialog: word...
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: You get back down those stairs!
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: I assure you I shall be--
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Hush! Down those stairs! We havin'
dialog: tea now! I be down shortly.
text: He nods meekly and retreats, easing the door creakily shut.
text: The ladies look inquisitively at Mrs. Munson as his footsteps
text: are heard descending the stair.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: ...He's the tenant.
speaker_heading: LADIES
dialog: Mm-hm.
scene_heading: INT. MUNSON HOUSE - CELLAR DAY
text: As the Professor rejoins the still staring and silent group.
text: The money has been picked up and is once again in stacks
text: upon the table.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: She shall be down shortly...
text: Explaining, he indicates upstairs with a jerk of the head:
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: ...Tea. Dainties.
text: The men nod, murmuring.
text: The cellar door squeaks open. There is the clomp of careful
text: footsteps on the stair.
text: Using only tongue and teeth, the General flips his smoking
text: cigarette inwards into his mouth and gives Mrs. Munson his
text: usual deadpan look.
text: She halts halfway down the stairs, still wearing an apron
text: and holding a spatula.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: I don't know what you boys been up
dialog: to but I wasn't born yesterday and I
dialog: know mischief when I see it. Now I
dialog: want an explanation, but first I
dialog: want you boys to get your fannies up
dialog: here with y'alls period instruments.
dialog: I been tellin' the ladies about your
dialog: music and they wanna hear you play.
text: She turns to head back up the stairs but abruptly stops to
text: turn and give the General a hard look which he innocently
dialog: returns.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: ...Hmph.
text: She turns again and clomps back up the stairs.
text: The General opens his mouth and, again without using his
text: hands, restores his cigarette to its usual place on his lower
dialog: lip.
text: Lump is fretful:
speaker_heading: LUMP
dialog: Professor?
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Yes, Lump?
speaker_heading: LUMP
dialog: I can't really play the buttsack.
scene_heading: INT. MUNSON HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: The cellar door opens and the men troop out, G.H. Dorr leading
text: and the other men following rather sheepishly behind.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Madame -- or rather, mesdames -- you
dialog: will have to accept our apologies
dialog: for failing to perform since, as you
dialog: see, we are shorthanded. Gawain is
dialog: still at work and we could no more
dialog: play with one part tacit than a horse
dialog: could canter shy one leg.
speaker_heading: LADIES
dialog: Mm-hmm.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Hmph.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Perhaps I could offer as a poor but
dialog: ready substitute a brief poetic
dialog: recital. Though I don't pretend to
dialog: great oratorical skills, I will
dialog: happily present, with your ladies'
dialog: permission, verse from the unquiet
dialog: mind of Mr. Ed G'Allan Poe.
text: Lump, Pancake, and the General sit and awkwardly accept dainty
text: teacups.
text: The Professor rises, spreads his hand, and pronounces:
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: ..."Ladies, thy beauty is to me Like
dialog: those Nicean barks of yore..."
text: CLOSE-UPS of the various ladies, some sipping tea or slowly
text: munching biscuits, but all eyes glued to the declaiming man
text: in the cape.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: "That gently, o'er a perfumed sea
dialog: The weary, wayworn wanderer bore To
dialog: his own native shore... "
dialog: Murmuring Voice:
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Amen.
text: A slurp of tea from another quarter.
dialog: Dorr bears on:
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: "On desperate seas long wont to roam,
dialog: Thy hyacinth hair, thy classic face,
dialog: Thy Naiad airs have brought me home
dialog: To the glory that was Greece And the
dialog: grandeur that was Rome... "
text: A long silence.
text: Then, scattered:
speaker_heading: VOICES
text: Mm-mm. Glory hallelujah.
text: A lady holding a teacup turns to the General:
speaker_heading: LADY
dialog: That was soooome poem.
text: The General stares at her.
speaker_heading: LADY
dialog: ...You know any?
text: We hear the front door opening and Gawain enters, still
text: wearing his Lady Luck custodial uniform. He looks.
text: His POV: church ladies with teacups and his comrades seated
text: among them, also holding teacups and scones.
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: Y'all been celebratin'?.
scene_heading: INT. MUNSON HOUSE - FOYER - LATER (EVENING)
text: The bustling and chattering ladies are just finishing leaving;
text: Mrs. Munson is seeing them off at the door. Evening is
text: gathering, and we hear the lonely toot of the distant garbage
dialog: scow.
text: The men as well stand by the door and, affecting good cheer,
text: wave off the departing ladies.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Goodbye, ladies. We had such a
dialog: pleasant time.
text: Mrs. Munson closes the door and her manner instantly darkens.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Now, I wanna know what's goin' on.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Yes indeed, and the thirst for
dialog: knowledge is a very commendable thing.
dialog: Though in this instance, I believe
dialog: when you hear the explanation, you
dialog: will laugh riotously, slappin' your
dialog: knee and perhaps even wipin' away a
dialog: giddy tear, relieved of your former
dialog: concern.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Hmph.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: You see Lump here is an enthusiastic
dialog: collector of Indian arrowheads and,
text: having found one simply lying on
dialog: your cellar floor, a particularly
dialog: rare artifact of the Natchez tribe,
dialog: he enlisted us in an all-out effort
text: to sift through the subsoil in search
dialog: of others. Well, in doing so, we
dialog: apparently hit a motherlode of natural
dialog: gas -- I myself became acutely aware
text: of the smell of "rotten eggs" -- and
dialog: it was at just this unfortunate moment
dialog: that the General here violated one
dialog: of the cardinal rules of this house
dialog: and lit himself a cigarette.
text: The General stiffly bows:
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: So sorry.
text: The Professor, nodding, smiling, and dry-washing his hands,
text: continues to look at Mrs. Munson, though his story,
text: apparently, has ended.
text: She returns his ingratiating look with a stare.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: ...What about all that money?
text: Dorr's smile fades.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: ...Ah. The money. The money is...
dialog: Mr. Pancake's.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: That's right.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: He only just re-mortgaged his house
dialog: in order to pay for the procedure
dialog: that will correct the wandering eye
dialog: of his common-law wife, Mountain
text: Water, who suffers from astygmia and
text: strabismus and a general curdling of
text: the vitreous jelly. Mr. Pancake
dialog: however is an ardent foe of the
dialog: federal reserve and is in fact one
dialog: of those eccentrics about whom one
text: occasionally reads, hoarding his
dialog: entire life savings either under the
dialog: proverbial mattress or, as in Mr.
text: Pancake's case, in a Hefty bag that
text: is his constant companion.
text: Under her stare, he elaborates:
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: ...Steel Sack.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: Don't trust the banks. Never have.
text: She thinks, decides.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: This don't smell right. I'm callin'
text: Sheriff Wyner.
text: A chorus of gasps.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Madam -- if you please. Yes! Yes! It
dialog: was a lie! A fantastic tale! You
dialog: have us! Dead to rights! But please
dialog: allow me to tell you the truth -- in
dialog: private.
scene_heading: INT. MUNSON HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - EVENING
text: He escorts her to sit beneath the portrait of Othar, sits
text: across from her, and leans confidentially in.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Madam...
text: He agonizes. The words do not come easy.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: ...What I am about to reveal to you,
dialog: you may find... shocking. Mrs. Munson,
dialog: I must tell you that we are not...
dialog: what we appear.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Mm-hm.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: We are not in fact musicians of the
dialog: late Renaissance. Nor of the early
dialog: or mid period. We are, in fact...
dialog: criminals! Desperate men, madam! We
text: have tunneled into the nearby offices
dialog: of the Lady Luck gambling emporium
dialog: and have relieved it of its treasure!
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Lord have mercy!
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: It is true that the Lady Luck is a
text: den of iniquity, a painted harlot
dialog: luring people into sin and exciting
dialog: the vice of greed with her false
dialog: promise of easy winnings. Oh, her
dialog: gains are ill-gotten, yes, but I
dialog: offer no excuses -- save one! We men
dialog: have each pledged half of our share
dialog: of the booty to a charitable
dialog: institution -- the General, to a
dialog: placement service for Southeast Asian
dialog: refugees; Mr. Pancake to the Blue
dialog: Ridge Parkway Conservancy; and Lump
dialog: to the United Jewish Appeal. As
dialog: compensation for use of your house
dialog: we had planned to donate a full share
dialog: to Bob Jones University, without
dialog: burdening you with guilty knowledge
dialog: by informing you of same. But you
dialog: have wrested the information from
dialog: me! Now it is all on the table. Now
dialog: you have it, the whole story, the
dialog: awful truth.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Stolen money!
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Yes, yes, shamefully I admit it,
dialog: yes! But find the victim, Mrs. Munson,
dialog: I challenge you! Even the casino
dialog: itself, that riparian Gomorra, shall
dialog: suffer no harm! It has an insurance
text: company, a financial behemoth that
dialog: will cheerfully replenish its depleted
dialog: vaults! That is its function! And
dialog: the insurance company itself is made
dialog: up of tens and tens of thousands of
dialog: policy-holders so that -- we have
dialog: done the calculations, Mrs. Munson! --
dialog: so that at the end of the day, at
dialog: the final reckoning, each policy-
dialog: holder shall have contributed only
dialog: one penny -- one single solitary
dialog: cent -- to the satisfaction of this
dialog: claim.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: ...Just one penny?
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Think of it, Mrs. Munson! One cent
dialog: from thousands upon thousands of
dialog: people so that Bob Jones University
dialog: can continue on its mission! Why, I
dialog: have no doubt that, were the policy-
dialog: holders aware of the existence of
dialog: that august institution, why, each
dialog: and every one of them would have
dialog: volunteered some token amount to the
dialog: furtherance of its aims!
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Well that's prob'ly true...
text: The Professor, warming, has resumed dry-washing his hands:
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Yes madam, sadly, the criminal stain
dialog: is upon my soul, but the benefit
dialog: shall accrue to any number of worthy
dialog: causes. As long, that is, as the
dialog: secret stays with us. And I, surely,
dialog: shall not be the one to divulge it.
text: Mrs. Munson nods, musing.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Well... it's hard to see the harm in
dialog: it... One penny...
text: Her gaze drifts around the room, a smile beginning to warm
text: her face. The smile freezes, though, as her look catches on
dialog: something.
text: Her POV: Othar, above the mantle, looks down with a
text: disapproving scowl.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: ...I'm sorry, Professor.
dialog: Dorr is taken aback:
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Excuse me, ma'am?
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: No. It's wrong. Don't you be leadin'
dialog: me into temptation.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Madam, I must strenuously protest--
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: No, it's just plain wrong. Stealin'.
dialog: I know your intentions were good,
dialog: and I won't call the police if you
dialog: give the money back. But I gotta see
dialog: that you do it.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Madam--
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: And all a you gotta go to church
dialog: with me next Sunday.
text: The Professor is incredulous:
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: And... engage in divine worship?
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: I made up my mind. You can double-
dialog: talk all you want, but its church or
dialog: the county jail.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: But--
text: She rises.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: You think it over. I gotta feed the
dialog: cat.
scene_heading: INT. MUNSON HOUSE - CELLAR - NIGHT
text: The men all sit around the card table, lit from below by an
text: oil lamp. The General is neatly packing the stacks of
text: banknotes into the sackbutt case.
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: Motherfuck!
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Yes. Unfortunately, Mrs. Munson has
dialog: rather complicated the situation--
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: I know how to discomplicate it! Put
text: a cap in the old lady's head! Then
dialog: everything simple again!
text: The group lapses into silence, considering. Even Gawain needs
text: a moment to digest the horror that he himself has proposed.
dialog: The Professor is solemn:
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: ...Not easy to do. Many reasons.
dialog: Practical ones: a quiet neighborhood,
text: a sleepy town. Reasons of moral
dialog: repugnance: a harmless woman, a deed
text: conceived and executed in cold blood.
dialog: No, Gawain; would that it were simple!
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: Well -- fuck, man! What we gonna do,
dialog: give the money back and go to church?!
speaker_heading: DORR
text: I shudder. I quake.
text: He turns to the General.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: ...You sir, are a Buddhist. Is there
dialog: not a middle way?
text: The General grunts as he closes the clasps on the sackbutt
dialog: case full of money:
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: Must float like a leaf on the river
dialog: of life. And kill old lady.
text: The men murmur.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Well... I suppose you are right. It
dialog: is the active nature of the crime,
dialog: though, that so horrifies -- the
text: squeezing of the trigger, the plunging
dialog: of the knife. But, think a moment --
dialog: look at the other tools we have at
dialog: hand.
text: He looks around.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: ...We have the cellar. We have masonry
dialog: and trowel. Perhaps we could simply...
dialog: immure her.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: Sure, easiest thing in the world. I
dialog: could whip up a little mortar in one
dialog: of those snow saucers, lay the bricks,
dialog: anchor in some chains, Mountain has
dialog: a source for the manacles...
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Ahh but gentlemen, we delude
dialog: ourselves. Think of the woman's
text: piteous moans as we lay tier upon
text: tier of brick. Think of her
text: lamentations as we fit the last brick
dialog: into place, appealing to our better
dialog: selves, the higher angels of our
dialog: nature, our recollections of our own
dialog: sainted mothers... No, I fear that
dialog: we lack the sand to commit such an
dialog: act. No... no... shortest and most
dialog: painless is best. Let us confront
text: reality. Gawain's gun... the retort
text: muffled by a pillow... into the
dialog: brain... the affair of an instant.
dialog: The only question is... who wields
dialog: the weapon.
text: He looks around the table. Silence. No volunteers.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: ...I believe it is traditional, in
dialog: such circumstances, to draw straws.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: Well, sure, fair enough.
text: He takes a broom leaning against the wall, bends back and
text: snaps a handful of its bristles.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: ...I'm thinking, though, that since
dialog: I lost my finger -- I mean, literally
dialog: lost it because of that goddamn cat --
dialog: maybe I should be excused from this
dialog: thing. Hard for me to squeeze a
dialog: trigger anyway--
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: You one whiney motherfucker! I squeeze
dialog: your nutsack you keep that up!
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: Listen, punk--
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Gentlemen, no special pleading, no
dialog: exceptions. It's in the nature of
dialog: the situation that we would all prefer
dialog: to be excused.
text: Pancake grumbles as he counts out five bristles, takes one
text: and snaps it in half, displaying the short straw to the group,
text: and then hands the four long and one short to the Professor:
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: Well, okay... it was just a trial
dialog: balloon...
text: With a flap of his cape the professor jumbles the straws and
text: encloses them in one hand.
text: Sweaty CLOSE-UPS. Each man stares at the straws. Some
text: hesitant, some resolute, they draw:
text: First, the General: long straw. His reaction: impassive.
text: Next, Lump: long straw. His reaction: relieved.
dialog: Next, Pancake. Long straw.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: Long straw. You all see it. All your
text: fuss over nothing, punk.
text: Two straws left. Gawain stares at them, licks his lips.
text: He reaches for one straw, touches it, hesitates.
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: ...Motherfucker...
text: He touches the other straw, hesitates.
text: He goes back to the first straw, closes his hand around it,
text: closes his eyes, and pulls.
text: He lifts the straw into frame before his squeezed-shut eyes,
text: raises his eyebrows, and slowly opens fluttering eyelids to
dialog: look: short straw.
text: The Professor, smiling, opens his fist to confirm that he
text: holds the last long one.
text: Gawain moans.
scene_heading: INT. MUNSON HOUSE - CELLAR - NIGHT
text: PULLING HIM UP THE STAIRS
text: Slowly, slowly, Gawain mounts the cellar stairs. Behind him,
text: gathered in a semi-circle and looking up from the foot of
text: the stairs, the other men wait.
text: As he plants one plodding foot in front of the other Gawain
text: raises the gun, slides back its primer to make sure there is
text: a round in the chamber, and then slides it shut as he reaches
text: the door.
scene_heading: INT. MUNSON - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: In the foreground Mrs. Munson sits knitting, humming an old
text: temperance tune. In the background the cellar door swings
text: open. Marva Munson doesn't notice; her knitting needles
text: continue their rhythmic clack.
text: We PULL Gawain, gun at the ready, as he takes slow, cautious
text: steps across the floor.
text: We INTERCUT his POV of the back of the old lady's head, bowed
text: over her knitting.
text: As Gawain passes the sofa he picks up a cushion and buries
text: in it his hand holding the gun.
text: He looks back up at the old lady. But now, still cautiously
text: approaching, he cocks his head, his expression bemused.
speaker_heading: HIS POV
text: nearing the old lady is now different somehow. The perspective
text: is somewhat lower; the humming woman sounds not quite the
text: same; the rocking chair and the room itself are subtly
dialog: different.
text: WHEN WE CUT BACK TO GAWAIN
text: he is a runty, TEN-YEAR-OLD CHILD walking slowly across the
text: floor; he is cradling not a gun in a pillow but a squirming
text: little puppy dog.
text: The dog yips; the woman turns to look at us. It is not Mrs.
text: Munson, but another black woman of about the same age.
speaker_heading: MAMA
dialog: What you got there, Gawain?
speaker_heading: CHILD GAWAIN
dialog: Why -- nothin', mama.
speaker_heading: MAMA
dialog: Nothin' my ass! You got a dog there!
speaker_heading: CHILD GAWAIN
dialog: No, Mama!
speaker_heading: MAMA
text: A filthy noisy little pest of a puppy
dialog: dog gonna shit all over the house!
speaker_heading: CHILD GAWAIN
dialog: He won't shit in the house, Mama,
dialog: I'm gonna train him, I promise, gonna
dialog: train him real good--
text: WHAP! She cuffs him on the side of his head.
speaker_heading: MAMA
dialog: I'm gonna train you real good! I
dialog: told you don't bring no stray dogs
dialog: into this house!
text: WHAP! Another slap.
speaker_heading: MAMA
dialog: ...You wait til your Daddy gets home,
dialog: he gonna lay into you proper!
speaker_heading: WHAP!
text: The little boy, weeping, throws his arms around his mother:
speaker_heading: CHILD GAWAIN
dialog: Please don't hurt me no more! I love
dialog: you, Mama!
speaker_heading: MAMA
dialog: Daddy gonna kick your ass!
speaker_heading: WHAP!
speaker_heading: MAMA
dialog: ...Bringin' in a filthy dirty dog!
text: WHAP! Gawain's little brothers and sisters, drawn by the
text: commotion, have gathered excitedly to watch.
speaker_heading: SISTER
dialog: Mama's whuppin' Gawain's ass!
speaker_heading: BROTHER
dialog: (eagerly)
dialog: Ain't you gonna use the strap, Mama?
text: WHAP! WHAP! Gawain is sobbing:
speaker_heading: CHILD GAWAIN
dialog: Please don't hurt me, Mama!
text: Now it is the adult Gawain blubbering.
text: The clack of knitting needles stops and Mrs. Munson turns to
dialog: look.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: What you doin'? What you doin' with
dialog: my pillow there?
text: He surreptitiously slides the gun into his pocket, sniveling:
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: I'm sorry, ma'am, I--
text: WHAP! She cuffs him on the side of the head.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: I'm displeased with you! Colored boy
dialog: like you, falling in with that trash
dialog: downstairs!
speaker_heading: WHAP!
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: ...Ashamed a yourself! Didn't your
dialog: mama raise you right!
scene_heading: INT. MUNSON HOUSE - CELLAR - NIGHT
text: Gawain is tramping down the stairs.
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: I can't do it!
text: The men are stunned.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Why... this is most... irregular.
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: She reminds me of my mama. I can't
dialog: shoot my mama! You motherfuckers
text: just draw straws again.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: Wait a minute. You've got to accept
dialog: your responsibilities, young man.
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: Fuck you. And your irritated bowel.
dialog: I can't shoot that old lady.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: Must shoot!
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: Now look here, it's the easiest thing
text: in the world. Pretend her head is a
text: casaba melon, and the gun is a melon-
dialog: baller, and--
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: What the fuck you talkin' about,
dialog: man? You think this a melon-baller,
dialog: you do it, man!
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: My my, this is most irregular.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: Look, with equal rights come equal
dialog: responsibilities--
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: I'm afraid that Mr. Pancake is right,
dialog: my dear fellow. We cannot draw straws
dialog: again; the exercise loses all
dialog: credibility if you show that the
dialog: loser can simply beg off doing the
dialog: job.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: Must shoot!
text: Gawain shoves the gun toward Pancake.
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: She just an old colored lady to you --
dialog: you do it, man!
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: Why you sniveling little coward!
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: What you say, you whiney motherfucker?
dialog: I come up your irritated ass with
dialog: this -- motherfuckin' gun--
text: He is waving the gun.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: You think you scare me, you mewling
dialog: punk! You don't scare me! Bull Connor
dialog: and all his dogs didn't scare me!
text: He shoves Gawain.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: ...Be a man!
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: You fuck!
text: He shoves him back.
dialog: Pancake shoves:
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: Be a man!
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: You ain't no fuckin' man, fuckin' a
dialog: sixty-year-old lady in pigtails!
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
text: WHY YOU BASTARD PUNK! MOUNTAIN GIRL
text: IS FIFTY-THREE!
text: They are shoving each other now, getting into it.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: ...SHE COULD RIDE YOUR ASS TO JELLY!
text: He lunges at him with a bear hug and his inertia sends both
text: men tumbling to the floor, where they roll and wrestle.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Gentlemen, please!
speaker_heading: GAWAIN
dialog: I seen Virginia hams I'd rather stick
dialog: my dick in than your old--
text: BANG! A muffled gunshot.
dialog: Quiet.
text: The two men have stopped rolling.
text: They stare at each other where they lie, Pancake on top.
dialog: At length:
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: ...Oh my god...
text: Horrified, he slowly rises.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: ...I think he's hit!
text: The men gather round and look down.
text: Gawain still stares up at the ceiling.
text: Pancake stoops, waves his hand in front of his eyes. No
dialog: reaction.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: ...I'll just check the carotid artery.
text: He checks the carotid artery.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: ...That's a negative.
speaker_heading: LUMP
dialog: Oh, fuck.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Oh my.
speaker_heading: LUMP
dialog: Is he dead, Professor?
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: Sure he's dead. I checked his carotid
dialog: artery.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Well this is most irregular. We will
dialog: need a Hefty bag.
scene_heading: INT. MUNSON HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
speaker_heading: THE CELLAR DOOR
text: Creaking open. The Professor, Lump, and the General peek
dialog: out.
text: The living room is empty but a sliver of the kitchen is
text: visible; its light is on, and we can hear water running.
dialog: Dorr hisses:
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: She is in the kitchen. I shall
dialog: distract her while you steal out
text: with the carcass.
scene_heading: INT. MUNSON HOUSE - KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Dorr enters breezily; Mrs. Munson is at the sink, filling a
dialog: teapot.
text: Dorr positions himself so that, to talk to him, Mrs. Munson
text: has her back to the living room.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Well, my dear Mrs. Munson, I have
dialog: outlined your position to my
dialog: colleagues and I now return to you
dialog: to return our collective verdict.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Mm-hmm.
text: Behind her, the General peers around the corner and starts a
text: catlike advance across the living room.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: There was much spirited discussion
text: and an atmosphere of frank give-and-
dialog: take. Some of our number were
dialog: initially appalled at your proposal
dialog: that we simply return the money;
dialog: some were more receptive.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: I don't care they was receptive or
dialog: not!
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: And that attitude, madam, was a factor
dialog: in our discussions. To a man, I must
dialog: say, they were devastated at the
dialog: prospect of not being able to
dialog: contribute to their respective
dialog: charities.
text: The General signals to Lump who now crosses the living room
text: with a big garbage bag slung over one shoulder in a fireman's
dialog: carry.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Well that is a shame.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Indeed. But at the end of the day,
dialog: your position prevailed, and the men
dialog: have decided that we shall return
dialog: the money -- every last cent of it! --
dialog: and attend Sunday services, rather
dialog: than spend the remainder of our years
text: wasting away in the Mississippi Men's
dialog: Correctional Facility. Though that
dialog: was the original preference of some.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Well I'm glad y'all came to see the
dialog: light, anyway. I'm gonna have some
dialog: tea and go to bed.
text: The Professor, seeing that the General and Lump have made it
text: out the door, is anxious to wind things up:
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: So the money shall be returned
text: tomorrow at the opening of the casino
dialog: office. Enjoy your tea, madam...
text: Backing out, he looks to one side.
text: Through the living room window he can see the hearse pulling
text: away from the curb. There is another car -- an old Volkswagon
text: microbus -- slowly tooling the opposite way down the street.
text: Dorr looks back to Mrs. Munson.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: ...and congratulations on having
dialog: recalled to the fold five poor,
dialog: confused sheep who had momentarily
dialog: strayed.
scene_heading: EXT. MISSISSIPPI RIVER - BRIDGE - NIGHT
text: We are at the middle of the bridge, the tower gargoyle looking
text: blankly down at the doings below.
text: In the misty night Lump and the General are braced over the
text: railing, looking down, each holding one of the feet that
text: protrude from the Hefty bag cinched around Gawain's ankles.
text: A cigarette burns on the General's lower lip. Behind the two
text: men we can see the idling hearse.
text: There is the toot of the garbage scow. Lump and the General
text: release Gawain's feet.
text: Their POV shows the sack receding and flumping into the
text: garbage piled onto the scow that slips by below.
text: A flock of scavenger birds, disturbed by the impact, lifts
text: off the scow with angry caws.
scene_heading: INT. MUNSON HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Dorr skulks at a corner of the living room's picture window,
text: peering out at the street.
scene_heading: EXT. MUNSON HOUSE - NIGHT
speaker_heading: DOOR'S POV
text: The Volkswagon microbus again cruises slowly down the street
text: in the same direction as previously; apparently it has been
text: circling.
scene_heading: INT. MUNSON HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: The Professor scowls.
scene_heading: EXT. MUNSON HOUSE - NIGHT
speaker_heading: DORR'S POV
text: The hearse pulls up to the curb.
scene_heading: INT. MUNSON HOUSE - CELLAR - NIGHT
text: The Professor clomps down the cellar stairs. Pancake is
text: loading their digging implements into a satchel.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: They back yet?
dialog: Dorr is absent:
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Yes... yes, they just arrived.
text: Pancake straightens from the satchel.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: Good. I'll go dump these in the
text: hearse.
text: He mounts the stairs with a satchel in either hand. We can
text: hear the front door opening as the other men enter.
text: Dorr, bemused, but apparently moved by a hunch, advances
text: slowly to the sackbutt case.
text: He slides the catch that lets its spring clasp pop up.
text: He lifts the lid.
text: Mother Jones magazine. Piles of Mother Jones magazines.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: What in heaven's name...
text: He riffles a pile, confirming that it is in fact all magazine,
dialog: no money.
text: Lump and the General are clomping down the stairs.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: ...General!
scene_heading: EXT. MUNSON HOUSE - NIGHT
text: We are PULLING Clark down the street, a satchel in either
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: HIS POV
text: The microbus, parked halfway down the block, ominously idling.
speaker_heading: THE BUS
text: We are CLOSE on its side-view mirror. Someone leans from the
text: driver's seat for a view into the mirror, and in the mirror
text: we see her, pigtails swinging: Mountain Girl.
speaker_heading: HER POV
text: Clark Pancake, still rather small, approaching up the empty
dialog: street.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
text: PULLING him again. A smile is beginning to play at the corners
text: of his mouth.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: No extra share, huh...
text: The smile abruptly fades.
text: He stops in his tracks for no discernible reason. At length:
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: ...Nnnrnf.
text: He pants.
text: Behind him, in the deep background, we see the General
text: bounding into the street and silently toward us.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: ...Oof!
text: The moment passes. Pancake shakes his head, as if to clear
text: it, and resumes his walk.
speaker_heading: HIS POV
text: We are nearing the bus.
speaker_heading: THE BUS
text: Mountain Girl sits in the idling bus, waiting.
text: With a thunk and a gentle rock of the bus, we hear its back
text: doors opening, and Pancake's voice.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: Mountain.
speaker_heading: MOUNTAIN GIRL
dialog: Clark.
text: We hear an oof! of exertion as Pancake hoists each of the
text: two satchels into the back. The oofs are followed by:
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: ...Nnrungh! Aaarmh... Ninnnff...
dialog: Offffflleghhll...
speaker_heading: MOUNTAIN GIRL
dialog: IBS, dear?
speaker_heading: WE CUT TO:
text: THE BACK OF THE BUS
text: to show Pancake being garotted by the General.
speaker_heading: PANCAKE
dialog: Nnnnnmmmmfffgh!
scene_heading: EXT. MISSISSIPPI RIVER - BRIDGE - NIGHT
text: The tower gargoyle stares sightlessly down.
text: Lump and the General are at their accustomed place, each
text: holding a foot shod in a large hiking boot.
text: Behind them we see the hearse idling.
text: Near them on the bridge, both hands grasping the railing as
text: he gazes dreamily out into the night, is the Professor.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: "...Like those Nicean barks of yore
dialog: That gently, o'er a perfumed sea..."
text: We hear the toot of the boat's horn and the men drop the
dialog: body.
speaker_heading: LUMP
dialog: Quick! Grab Clark!
text: They quickly stoop and grab another bag-swaddled body out of
text: which even larger hiking boots protrude.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: "...The weary, wayworn wanderer
dialog: bore... "
text: They drop the second body.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: "...To his own native shore."
text: We hear the distant flump and the cawing of scavenger birds.
scene_heading: INT. MUNSON HOUSE - CELLAR - NIGHT
scene_heading: CLOSE ON A FIST
text: With three protruding straws.
scene_heading: SWEATING CLOSE-UPS:
text: Lump picks a long straw: relief.
text: The General picks a short straw. A short grunt.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Excellent. I believe, at last, we
dialog: have the right man for the job.
scene_heading: INT. MUNSON HOUSE - MRS. MUNSON'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Mrs. Munson lies on her back gently snoring. At the open
text: window, sheers ripple in the evening breeze.
text: A large clock ticks upon the mantle. It is almost one o'clock.
scene_heading: INT. MUNSON HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
speaker_heading: THE CELLAR DOOR
text: It creaks open. The General looks stealthily out. A cigarette
text: in his mouth plumes smoke.
text: He pushes the door fully open, emerges.
scene_heading: INT. MUNSON HOUSE - MRS. MUNSON'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Mrs. Munson's snore catches on an inhale. She mutters
text: something, sighs, and resumes snoring.
scene_heading: INT. MUNSON HOUSE - STAIRCASE - NIGHT
text: The General treads lightly, noiselessly, up the stairway
text: leading to the second floor. He slides one hand into his
text: jacket, pulls out a garotte.
text: With the faintest whoosh he whips it in a complicated loop
text: and snags the other handle with his other hand.
scene_heading: INT. MUNSON HOUSE - UPSTAIRS HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: The General emerges from the staircase and advances on the
text: closed bedroom door. As he reaches for the knob he performs
text: the no-handed flip of the burning cigarette into his mouth.
scene_heading: INT. MUNSON HOUSE - MRS. MUNSON'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: The door swings noiselessly open. The General pauses to
dialog: survey:
text: The still room. The ticking clock. Mrs. Munson, a large
text: sleeping mound upon the bed.
text: The General advances, raising the garotte in both hands.
text: He closes on her sleeping form.
text: The garotte is lowered toward her exposed neck.
text: It is a foot -- half a foot -- inches-away...
text: Somewhere a muted gear ratchets and triggers the toll of--
text: The clock, striking one. It is a cuckoo clock but, instead
text: of a bird emerging, a berobed Jesus comes out with his hand
text: resting on the head of a child who gazes up in adoration.
text: The General starts at the noise and then suddenly freezes,
text: his eyes widening.
text: Jesus retreats back into the clock.
text: The General has swallowed his cigarette.
text: He reaches up to his throat, panicked. In a silent frenzy,
text: he yanks loose his ascot.
text: He gazes wildly about.
text: He reaches for the water glass at Mrs. Munson's bedside.
text: He tips it back into his mouth. There is a rattling sound.
speaker_heading: HIS POV
text: The uptilted water glass is sending false teeth -- full uppers
text: and lowers -- rattling toward his face.
speaker_heading: THE GENERAL
text: He frantically -- but still noiselessly -- sets the glass
text: back down. Wildly looks about, one hand clamped to his throat.
text: A mad but silent dash for the door.
scene_heading: INT. MUNSON HOUSE - UPSTAIRS HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Plunging for the head of the stairs--
text: --a brief yowl from the cat--
text: --recoiling from where its tail has been stepped on, a hiss
text: and a flash of its claws at the General's leg--
scene_heading: INT. MUNSON HOUSE - STAIRCASE/LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: --and he falls down the stairs, each thudding impact bouncing
text: his body like a rag doll's.
text: At the bottom of the stairs he lies still.
text: A CLOSE-UP shows his head bent at an unnatural angle,
text: unblinking eyes staring. Traces of smoke wisp from each
text: nostril and his open mouth.
text: Over the mantle, Othar returns the dead man's stare. He looks
text: somewhat smug.
scene_heading: INT. MUNSON HOUSE - CELLAR - NIGHT
text: The Professor and Lump, responding to the noise, look slowly
text: up toward the ceiling.
scene_heading: EXT. MISSISSIPPI RIVER - BRIDGE - NIGHT
text: The body is laid out in a garbage bag by the rail.
text: The Professor stands looking at it, contemplatively.
text: Lump stands looking at it, contemplatively.
text: The cat sits nearby on its haunches looking at it,
text: impassively.
text: The professor muses:
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: ...T'was our até brought us to this
dialog: pass...
speaker_heading: LUMP
dialog: What, Professor?
text: There is the toot! of an approaching scow. Dorr's manner is
text: still absent, his regard still on the corpse:
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Our overweening pride... The old
dialog: woman is a more potent antagonist
dialog: than one had imagined...
text: He rouses himself, goes over to the bagged corpse. Lump
text: follows him and the two men hoist the body over the rail.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: ...Now, Lump, I'm afraid it falls to
dialog: you to finish the job.
text: They let the body fall onto the scow passing below.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: ...The comedy must end.
text: The Professor turns to Lump and tries to hand him Gawain's
text: gun, but Lump, uncomfortable, declines to take it.
speaker_heading: LUMP
dialog: ...Professor, I been doing some
dialog: thinking.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Oh dear. Oh dear oh dear oh dear.
speaker_heading: LUMP
dialog: Maybe she's right! Maybe we should
dialog: be going to church!
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Oh dear, Lump. I feared that those
dialog: would be your words. Not that I don't
dialog: appreciate your giving the matter
dialog: the benefit of your thought. But
dialog: please recall, young man, our
dialog: respective functions in this
dialog: enterprise. I am a professor, the
dialog: professor as you yourself so often
dialog: say, the thinker, the "brains of the
dialog: operation," trained in fact in the
dialog: arts of cogitation. You, Lump, are
dialog: the goon, the hooligan, the dumb
dialog: brute whose actions must be directed
dialog: by a higher intelligence.
speaker_heading: LUMP
dialog: Yeah, I know, but--
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: No buts, dear boy! Do not repeat the
dialog: error of thinking! Now is the moment
dialog: of praxis! Now, my dear boy, you
dialog: must act!
text: Lump reluctantly takes the gun that the Professor thrusts
text: upon him.
speaker_heading: LUMP
dialog: I can't do it, Professor! A nice old
dialog: lady like that!
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Think of the riches, Lump, that you
dialog: and I alone shall divide! Recall the
dialog: dream of wealth untold that first
dialog: drew you to this enterprise!
speaker_heading: LUMP
dialog: But--
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: And reflect also that if you decline
dialog: to act, forcing me to do so, then
dialog: you shall no longer have any
dialog: entitlement to the money! Your offices
dialog: shall have been nugatory!
speaker_heading: LUMP
dialog: You mean -- you mean -- you're gonna
dialog: kill her?!
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Of course! My hand would be forced!
speaker_heading: LUMP
dialog: I can't let you do that, Professor!
dialog: A nice old lady like that!
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: You?! Allow? Not allow? What
dialog: presumption! You stupid boy! You
dialog: very very extremely stupid boy!
text: We hear the toot of an approaching scow -- this one very
dialog: long, sustained under all of the following:
speaker_heading: LUMP
dialog: Oh yeah?
text: He points the gun at the Professor and--
speaker_heading: LUMP
dialog: ...Well who looks stupid now?
text: --squeezes -- click -- on an empty chamber.
speaker_heading: LUMP
dialog: ...Huh?
text: He turns the gun to have a look.
speaker_heading: LUMP
dialog: ...No bullets?
speaker_heading: HIS POV
text: shows the foreshortened barrel as he experimentally squeezes
dialog: the trigger.
speaker_heading: WE CUT TO:
text: the Professor on the BANG! and, after a sad shake of his
dialog: head,
scene_heading: CUT BACK TO:
text: Lump in time to see him finish toppling back over the rail.
text: The scow-horn ends.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: Perhaps... it had to be thus.
text: He goes to the railing to look down.
text: Lump, face-up on a pile of garbage, glides away. Disturbed
text: birds flap upward.
text: The professor muses:
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: "...Lo, in yon brilliant window-niche
dialog: How statue-like I see thee stand..."
text: His gaze rises with the ascending birds.
text: Among the white gulls is one black bird. The Professor eyes
text: it as it rises past him.
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: ...Hm. A raven?
scene_heading: FROM VERY HIGH
text: we look down on the Professor, the black bird rising to perch
text: on the gargoyle on the suspension tower in the foreground.
text: The bird settles on a loose, teetering piece of masonry.
text: BACK TO THE PROFESSOR
text: looking at the receding red light on the bridge of the
text: receding scow:
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: "...The agate lamp within thy hand...
dialog: "
speaker_heading: BACK HIGH
text: The teetering chunk of masonry tips away and the perchless
text: bird flaps off.
text: BACK TO THE PROFESSOR
text: very dreamy: he sees something in the distance, beyond time
dialog: and space:
speaker_heading: DORR
dialog: ...Ah, Psyche! from the regions which
dialog: Are Holy land!"
text: This is punctuated by the crunching impact of masonry scoring
text: a direct hit on his head. He falls over the rail.
text: His cape snags on the railing and he hangs limp and lifeless.
text: Directly below his dangling body the stern of Lump's barge
text: is slipping away to leave black waters and the clanking of
dialog: chains.
text: The fabric of the Professor's cape begins to tear. His body
text: drops in fits and starts as the fabric gives way.
text: Finally the body rips free. It falls away from us. As it
text: does so the clanking chains are pulling into view the second-
text: banger -- a garbage barge being chain-towed by the receding
dialog: scow.
text: Dorr's body lands neatly on the barge.
text: A gust of wind.
text: The cape flaps free of the railing and is wind-tossed away
text: amidst the cawing birds.
text: The cat, watching, blinks.
scene_heading: INT. MUNSON HOUSE - MRS. MUNSON'S BEDROOM - DAY
scene_heading: DRINKING GLASS
text: It is resting on the very edge of the night table --
text: protruding, in fact, past the table's edge.
text: It is morning. We hear rustling from the bed.
text: Hands reach INTO FRAME and hesitate, finding the glass empty
text: of water and precariously perched.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON (O.S.)
dialog: Hmm.
text: The hands tip the glass and take the teeth. We hear
text: complicated oral noises.
scene_heading: EXT. MUNSON HOUSE - DAY
text: The door opens away to reveal the morning paper lying on the
text: stoop. Mrs. Munson leans INTO FRAME to pick it up and we
text: ADJUST as she straightens to have a look:
text: The headline says: $2.6 MILLION DISAPPEARS FROM LADY LUCK
scene_heading: CASINO. The subhead: POLICE BAFFLED.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Mm-hm.
scene_heading: INT. MUNSON HOUSE - CELLAR - DAY
text: Mrs. Munson is walking down the stairs.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Professor!
text: She stops midway down and looks:
text: The empty cellar.
text: Money stacked neatly on the card table.
text: Mrs. Munson sadly shakes her head.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: ...Hmm. Couldn't face the music.
scene_heading: EXT. SAUCIER MUNICIPAL BUILDING - DAY
text: Mrs. Munson is climbing the porch in her Sunday best. She
text: feints at the dog who lies curled in the sun:
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Scoot now! Outa the way!
scene_heading: INT. SAUCIER MUNICIPAL BUILDING - DAY
text: The sheriff is busy on the phone; there is a DEPUTY today
text: also on the phone. The sheriff, seeing Mrs. Munson enter,
text: covers the phone with one hand.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF WYNER
dialog: Miz Munson.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Sheriff, I gotta make a statement.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF WYNER
dialog: Could it possibly wait, ma'am? We're
dialog: a little busy today.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: I guess it can wait, but it's about
dialog: that casino money.
text: The sheriff exchanges a significant look with the deputy,
text: then murmurs into the phone:
speaker_heading: SHERIFF WYNER
dialog: Call you right back.
text: He cradles the phone and smiles at Mrs. Munson.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF WYNER
dialog: ...You know something about it?
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Something? Everything! I got it at
dialog: home.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF WYNER
dialog: You... you have what at home, now?
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: The money. Two point six million
dialog: dollars. Down in my root cellar. All
text: stacked up nice and neat.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF WYNER
dialog: Mm-hmm.
text: The deputy pauses to look up from his phone:
speaker_heading: DEPUTY
dialog: How'd it get there, Marva?
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
text: Bunch a desperate men that stole it
dialog: put it there, that's how! They was
dialog: musicians of the Renaissance period,
dialog: played the sackbutt and so on --
dialog: well, it turns out they really
dialog: couldn't play, although they could
dialog: recite poems to break your heart.
text: Their ringleader speaks in dead
dialog: tongues.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF WYNER
dialog: Does he now.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: I tried to get you to see him! That
dialog: night?
speaker_heading: SHERIFF WYNER
dialog: Oh yes.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: I had to yell at 'em 'bout stealin'
dialog: all that money and I guess I made
dialog: 'em feel pretty bad 'cause they picked
text: up and left without takin' the money.
dialog: But I was peeved with 'em, Sheriff,
dialog: they'd been up to all sorts of
dialog: mischief, come close to blowin' up
text: the house, disturbed Othar no end.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF WYNER
dialog: Angry, was he?
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Wouldn't you be? All that racket!
speaker_heading: SHERIFF WYNER
dialog: I expect so.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: And they let Pickles out too!
text: The sheriff sighs.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF WYNER
dialog: So you want us to go fetch him.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: No, he's back, but what you want me
dialog: to do with the money?
speaker_heading: SHERIFF WYNER
dialog: Well...
text: He and the deputy exchange looks. The sheriff looks back at
dialog: Mrs. Munson.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF WYNER
dialog: ...Why don't you just keep it, Miz
dialog: Munson.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Keep it?
speaker_heading: DEPUTY
dialog: You keep it, Marva.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Well... I know it's only a penny
dialog: offa everybody's policy...
speaker_heading: SHERIFF WYNER
dialog: How's that ma'am?
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: I know folks don't much care. Could
dialog: I... You s'pose I could...
speaker_heading: SHERIFF WYNER
dialog: Yes ma'am?
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Could I give it all to Bob Jones
dialog: University?
speaker_heading: SHERIFF WYNER
dialog: That'd be nice, ma'am.
text: She picks up her handbag and heads for the door.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: ...Well, long as everybody knows.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF WYNER
dialog: Thank you for the information, ma'am.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: You're welcome, sheriff. Just doin'
dialog: my duty.
scene_heading: EXT. SAUCIER, MISSISSIPPI - DAY
text: Mrs. Munson is walking home. It is a beautiful spring day.
text: From far off, wafting toward us on the breeze, we can hear
text: the church chorus singing. Mrs. Munson joins in. She has a
dialog: strong voice:
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: Leaning, Leaning, Safe and secure
dialog: from all harm. Lean on Jesus, Lean
text: on Jesus, Leaning on the everlasting
dialog: arm.
text: She turns up the walk to her house.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: ...What a fellowship, What a peace
dialog: of mind, Safe and secure from all
dialog: harm. Lean on Jesus, Lean on Jesus,
text: Leaning on the everlasting arm...
text: When she opens the front door the cat slips out.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: ...Pickles!
text: It races off down the street.
speaker_heading: MRS. MUNSON
dialog: ...Pickles!
scene_heading: EXT. MISSISSIPPI RIVER - BRIDGE - DAY
text: Pickles scurries along the walkway. We hear the toot! of an
text: approaching scow.
text: The cat reaches the middle of the bridge. He sticks his head
text: through the bars of the railing.
text: When we CUT CLOSE on the cat as he looks down at the water,
text: we see that he holds in his mouth a human finger.
text: As the scow passes underneath, the cat opens its mouth and
text: lets the finger drop.
text: The finger falls away and is barely visible by the time it
text: hits the scow.
text: The cat looks up INTO THE LENS, and blinks. Its sideways
text: irises adjust.
text: The scow is gliding away. With the low mournful toot of its
text: horn we tilt up the river to the great garbage island where
text: scavenger birds pick through the trash.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
