scene_heading: THE ISLAND OF DR MOREAU
dialog: by
dialog: Richard Stanley
dialog: &
dialog: Michael Herr
dialog: Revised by Walon Green
dialog: Based upon the novel by H.G. Wells
speaker_heading: 4/26/94
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. SOMEWHERE IN NEW ENGLAND - DUSK
text: A curtain of rain falls across the treetops descending upon the
text: soft green hills and the patchwork farmsteads.
text: A dog comes running along the crest of a hill, rejoicing, barking
text: at the rain.
text: The dog skids to a halt, shaking itself, turning its snout outward
text: toward the fading light.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE COTTAGE - DUSK
text: A log spits on the hearth, sending firelight across the untidy room
text: and the gaunt figure of EDWARD PRENDICK, who sits hunched in the
text: semi-darkness, half listening to a COMPACT DISC RECORDING of a
text: bluesy romantic ballad.
text: Prendick glances down at the tabletop, at the piles of notepaper
text: and the dense, crabbed handwriting that covers them, at the
text: repeated sketches and doodles representing what we will come to
dialog: recognize as the emblem of the Tree of Life; at the
text: empty coffee cups, the overflowing ashtray and the dismembered
text: pieces of the 38 pistol that lie before him.
text: He touches a button on a REMOTE CONTROL and the singing stops. He
text: next touches the button on a TAPE RECORDER which whirrs to
dialog: life.
text: As Prendick speaks as he reaches down and begins to assemble the
text: gun, his eyes unreadable, his lids red and bruised from lack of
text: sleep, a week's growth of stubble on his waxy cheeks. His movements
text: are slow and deliberate.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: In a spirit of complete honesty, I want to say
dialog: right from the start that I think we've made
dialog: some really incredible mistakes about God. we
dialog: tell ourselves that He's all-powerful, when we
dialog: really should be questioning His competence.
dialog: Believe me, I'm not asking for miracles. A
dialog: little adult leadership would do.
text: Prendick brushes aside the papers on his desk and gropes around
text: impatiently for a box of cartridges.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: As for God's love, all I know for certain is
dialog: that He loves our suffering. And as for His
dialog: power... well, maybe He can do whatever He wants
dialog: with us, but there's one thing I'm pretty
dialog: certain He can't do. When he's sick of existing,
dialog: He can't end it. Only we can do that...
text: Prendick opens the box and begins to load the revolver; six
text: cartridges. Then he stops, laughs, shakes his head, and empties out
text: all but one cartridge.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: My name's Edward Prendick. Until about ten years
dialog: ago I was a lawyer, specializing in what was
dialog: mis-named Human Rights. In August of 2007, I was
dialog: travelling as Special Envoy for the United
dialog: Nations as a part of the effort to stop the
dialog: bloody civil war in Micronesia. That's where it
dialog: began. This is where it will end.
text: Prendick raises the revolver and almost touches it to his lips,
text: savoring the moment of his obliteration.
text: THUNDER CRASHES on the soundtrack.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE SOUTH PACIFIC - DAY
dialog: We are flying.
text: Soaring above tropical rainclouds, mist stretching away beneath us,
text: illuminated from within by pulsing veins of lightning.
text: The canopy of cloud parts, giving way to a limitless vista of
text: open sea, a horizon so vast that one can almost see the curve of
dialog: the earth.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK (V.O.)
dialog: Our plane went down in a magnetic storm just
text: above the equator at roughly 1655 longitude.
text: We see a yellow dot in the distance now, a tiny life raft adrift in
dialog: a world of water.
text: There are THREE MEN aboard, two of them wearing the uniform of the
text: United Nations peacekeeping force and the third, Prendick, dressed
text: in the remains of a bedraggled threepiece suit, a life jacket
text: around his neck.
text: The two soldiers, one Nordic, the other vaguely Hispanic, are
text: locked in a violent struggle while Prendick tries ineffectually to
dialog: separate them.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK (V.O.)
dialog: We'd been adrift four days when the fever hit
dialog: us.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER 1(Hispanic)
dialog: Stay away from me!
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Leave him.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER 2
dialog: He can't last. His water can save us.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Leave him! We can make it through this.
dialog: They'll find us!
text: Soldier 2 doesn't reply; instead he makes a lunge for his comrade's
text: throat. Prendick tries to grab the soldier's legs but the dinghy
text: rolls heavily and he loses his grip. The soldier administers a
text: savage kick to his head and he goes down, one hand raised to
text: protect his face, the other reaching for the flare gun. The second
text: soldier has his hands around the first soldier's throat and the two
text: of them grapple desperately, locked in a death grip.
text: Prendick raises the flare gun, levelling it at soldier 2's head,
text: his hand shaking.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Let him go, you son of a bitch!
text: The man releases his companion who crumples to the floor of the
text: raft, retching and gasping for breath.
text: He turns slowly to face Prendick, staring with sun-glazed eyes down
text: the wavering barrel of the flare gun.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER 2
dialog: You're some fucking lawyer. Don't ‘you know the
dialog: first law of nature is survival.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: We're not animals!
text: The soldier eyes Prendick up and down, afraid to call his bluff.
text: Then, with a yell, the soldier 1 springs at him, a survival knife
text: glinting in his hand.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: SOLDIER 1
dialog: Cabron!
text: Both men are screaming now, soldier 2 is driven back as his former
text: comrade drives his blade into him, blood going everywhere.
text: The soldier pulls away, staring in disbelief at his wound. He tries
text: to get to his feet but the first soldier plunges the knife into him
text: again. He doubles up, emitting a grunt, his hands grasping now at
text: his assailant.
text: The dinghy pitches heavily to one side and the wounded soldier goes
text: overboard, dragging his comrade with him.
text: He sinks like a stone but his murderer struggles for a moment,
text: breaking free of his grip and trying to stay afloat as Prendick
text: reaches out to him.
text: Then there is a white flash in the water and he is dragged under
text: with barely a yell, the life raft shivering as the creatures of the
text: deep brush against its underside, jostling each other as they feed.
text: Prendick collapses to the floor of the dinghy with a groan.
text: He lies staring at the sky for a moment, alone now with the open
text: sea. Slowly he begins to laugh, his laughter growing gradually
text: louder and more uncontrollable.
text: He raises the gun and squeezing the trigger sends a white magnesium
text: flare arcing up into the vault of the sky.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: THE DISC OF THE SUN
text: A dazzling, overexposed white.
text: The SOUND of the hissing flare.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE THROUGH WHITE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE SAME OCEAN - DAY (TWO DAYS LATER)
text: Prendick lies in the bottom of the dinghy watching the swaying
text: horizon, his eyes unfocused, his face raw and blistered from the
text: relentless sun.
text: His head sways with the rise and fall of the ocean and all the
text: horizon seems to sway with him, the earth and the sky and the
text: shining crack that separates them.
text: A dark smudge appears on the far horizon. Dancing. Drawing nearer.
text: He closes his eyes.
text: When he opens them again he sees the side of the freighter looming
text: over him, a row of figures gathered at the rail, outlines shadowy
text: against the sun.
text: A MAN with a droopy Zapata moustache and sad eyes, his long flaxen
text: hair tied back in a tail, an OLDER MAN, his angry, freckled face
text: framed by red hair and lastly, standing beside them as if ina
text: fever dream is the third man, a DARK MAN whose eyes shine
text: feverishly.
text: Hands lift Prendick. Dark, powerful hands.
text: His head lolls back and he knows no more.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CABIN - DAY
text: We see a CLOSEUP of the MAN with the moustache, (MONTGOMERY )
text: looking solicitously down at Prendick.
text: Prendick groans.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Easy now, ole' buddy.
text: Prendick opens his eyes to find himself in a small untidy cabin
text: crammed with specimen jars containing gaudy tropical orchids.
text: A low animal SNARL comes from somewhere outside the cabin and
text: Prendick glances around himself uneasily.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Feel better?
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Where am I?
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: You're okay. Don't worry.
text: Prendick looks nervously down at himself as if to make sure he's
text: all still there. Montgomery smiles reassuringly.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Who are you?
dialog: Prendick
dialog: Prendick
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: My name's Montgomery.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: What ship is this?
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: This shitbucket's the Ipecacuanha. Sounds like a
dialog: drug doesn't it?
dialog: (smiles)
text: We all dropped Ipecacuanha and bayed at the
dialog: moon.
text: is aware that he's in the company of a real character.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: My name's Edward Prendick. I have to get to
dialog: Bougainville... I'm an international lawyer on
dialog: assignment for the U.N.... they'll be looking
dialog: for me...
text: sits up, tries to stand. Montgomery gently pushes him
text: back. Prendick is now aware he's on an IV.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Easy, Eddie, just relax. I'm still hydrating
dialog: you. In two days you'll be in Port Moresby, you
dialog: can contact your people there.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Moresby's our first stop?
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Second. They have to land me first.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: An island... where I live. But there's limited
dialog: communications... no one you could call from
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: A remote island...
dialog: (dares a smile)
dialog: Everyman's dream.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Right, now it's your turn to dream. I'm gonna
dialog: give you a shot.
text: Montgomery holds up a hypodermic needle, tenderly pats Prendick's
text: arm, and administers a shot.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Trust me blindly. You'll like it.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Are you a doctor?
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Let's say I'm a para-medic.
text: There is another burst of feral SNARLING from outside and this time
text: there is a man's voice as well.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
text: GOD DAMN IT! SHUT THEM UP!
text: Prendick glances up at the cabin ceiling and the direction of the
text: muffled yells.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: That's a great shot I just gave you, Edward.
dialog: I've known people who'd sell their grandmothers
dialog: for a shot like that, so don't piss it away. Try
dialog: and get some sleep.
text: Prendick relaxes and the cabin goes blurry around the edges once
text: more as the sleeping potion begins to take effect.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: There you go, Eddie... Dream...
text: Prendick's eyes wander down onto the lettering stencilled on
scene_heading: one of the packing cases: 'DESTINATION: U.S. BIOSTATION, BRAVO RIO
text: DELTA VIA SUVA.' And from somewhere on deck the cries start up
text: again, as Prendick drifts slowly down into oblivion.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE SAME CABIN - DAY (A DAY LATER)
text: Consciousness washes slowly back into Prendick's mind as he finds
text: himself watching a puddle of sunlight stretch slowly across the
text: cabin ceiling.
text: Prendick sits up to see that the cabin door is standing ajar and a
text: fresh set of clothes are laid out for him at the foot of the bed.
text: He gets slowly to his feet, rubbing his head catching a brief
text: glimpse of his sun-scarred face in the cabin mirror.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE DECK - DAY
text: Prendick glances about the freighter deck, blinking in the
text: sunshine, not prepared by the SOUNDS for what he sees.
text: The whole deck is littered with scraps of carrots, shreds of green
dialog: stuff and indescribable filth.
text: All along the starboard bulwark are big hutches filled with rabbits
text: and there is a solitary llama squeezed into a cage forward. A
text: number of grisly staghounds are fastened to the rail by muzzles and
text: chains and in the center of the deck a huge black leopard sits
text: cramped in a small iron cage. A short FIGURE (M'LING) sits beside
dialog: the cage.
text: There is something particularly arresting about M'Ling's face, the
text: slightest elongation of his features and an almost feral intensity
text: that informs his expression.
text: He gets to his feet and starts suddenly towards Prendick, a curious
text: glow of excitement in his face.
text: Prendick takes a step backwards and almost bumps into Montgomery
text: who has appeared from the hatchway behind him and who now pushes
text: past to come between Prendick and M'Ling.
text: M'Ling steps back as if afraid.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: God damn it, M'Ling, what the hell's the matter
dialog: with you? I told you to stay forward.
speaker_heading: M'LING
dialog: They... won't have me forward... They say I
dialog: disturb the animals.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Come on, man, don't give me that bullshit. I
dialog: told you to fucking STAY FORWARD! You want me to
dialog: tell Dr. Moreau about this?
text: M'Ling turns slowly and moves away. Montgomery turns, glancing
text: nervously back at Prendick.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: What are these animals?
text: They are interrupted by a loud YELP and a VOLLEY OF CURSES from the
text: companionway. M'Ling runs pathetically back onto the deck pursued
text: by a heavy, red-haired MAN in a white cap. M'Ling hesitates when he
text: sees Montgomery and the red haired man
text: catches up to him, striking him between the shoulder blades and
text: sending him sprawling into the midst of the furiously barking
text: staghounds.
text: The red-haired man staggers onto the deck and Montgomery steps
text: towards him angrily.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Hey, Captain, lighten up. That man is a paid
dialog: passenger. So tell your crew to keep their
text: filthy hands off of him.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: Or what?? I do what I like on my own ship!
text: Davis turns away and staggers across to the rail, Montgomery
text: following him.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: You've been hassling my man there since we got
text: on board.
text: (Under his breath,
dialog: to Prendick)
dialog: Most obvious case of drug psychosis I've ever
dialog: seen.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: Drug what!? What're you talking about there?
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Maritime Law. This man happens to be a lawyer.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: Here's the maritime law on my ship.
text: (He pulls out a pistol.)
dialog: I don't like freaks aboard, you hippy burn-out.
text: Montgomery turns away as Davis shouts after him.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: He comes to this end of the ship again and I'll
dialog: cut his guts out! The animals go crazy when they
dialog: smell him.
text: Prendick feels impelled to step in.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Just a minute. I'm a Special Envoy for the
dialog: United Nations...
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: You're tits on a bull so you stay out of this...
dialog: United Nations... Freeloading bastard, taking up
dialog: space on my ship. Side with him and you'll sink
dialog: with him. Hear me?
text: Speechless, Prendick watches Davis stumble back down the
text: companionway.
text: When he glances around he sees that both Montgomery and M'Ling
text: are watching him silently.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE FREIGHTER'S RAIL - NIGHT
text: Prendick stands beside Montgomery on the quarterdeck, staring up at
text: the awesome canopy of stars overhead.
text: Montgomery passes him a smoldering joint.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Try some of this.
text: Prendick waves it away.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: I guarantee it. I grew it myself.
text: Prendick takes it out of good manners but declines to smoke
text: it. He casts an eye over Montgomery's crumpled outfit, the
text: unbuttoned Hawaiian shirt, bare feet, gold cross around his neck
text: and a portion of a "Princeton Flag", tattooed on his chest.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: I haven't seen many Princeton tattoos.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Yeah, it's not the ivy league thing. Maybe
dialog: that's why I did it.
text: Montgomery looks at him, at the joint he's still holding.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: You’re supposed to smoke that thing.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: (handing back the joint)
dialog: I remember a post game party at Harvard... I was
dialog: taken suddenly drunk and I begged a Radcliff
dialog: senior to carve her initials on my chest...
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: (brightly)
dialog: Silver spooner, right?
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Well, I wasn't on a scholarship.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: I can always tell. When we fished you out of the
dialog: water, I could smell the money on you. Old
dialog: money. The best kind! The nose knows... What did
dialog: you study?
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: I got a degree in Humanities.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Humanities? Isn't that a licence to jerk off?
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: (Laughing)
dialog: No. I had law school for that. Were you pre-med?
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Biology. But that was a long time ago.
text: He returns his attention to the sea.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Listen, you know... you saved my life...
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: (recoiling)
dialog: I wouldn't get choked up about it.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Yeah, well, thanks. In any case I owe you my
dialog: thanks.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: You don't owe me anything. You lucked out. I
dialog: happened to be bored that day... looking for a
dialog: little action. If I'd been feeling differently,
dialog: you'd still be out there. I'd have stood here
dialog: and waved you bye-bye.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: That's Bullshit.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Believe whatever you've got to believe. I know you
dialog: liberals need your little fairy tales.
text: The two men look awkwardly away from each other.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: How did you happen to come out here?
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: You know, Eddie, I see us more like ships that
dialog: pass in the night... not assholes who meet on a
text: plane and tell each other the story of their
dialog: lives.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Whatever.
text: They lapse into awkward silence.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Ever get yourself in real trouble?
text: Montgomery gives him a look of anticipation.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: I helped draft the constitution for a small
dialog: African nation. There was a coup... My staff and
dialog: I were held hostage by a warlord. They shot one
dialog: of us each day... Six people.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: But not you. You're a survivor.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
text: So far. But it's not over.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Sure it is. You'll be back in the States eating
dialog: at Rodney Rockets and I'll be...
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: On your island Paradise.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Paradise. That's Moreau's dream alright.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Moreau?
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Man I work for. He once did for me what I did for you.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Pulled you out of a lifeboat?
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Pulled me out and asked no questions. Anyway
dialog: it's a boring little story and it's not like you
dialog: and me are friends.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: We could be.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Wouldn't work.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Why's that?
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: "Cause it's plain as the nose on your face that
dialog: you think I'm crazy.
text: Montgomery throws the joint into the sea and Prendick turns away,
text: his eyes lighting now on the dark shape of M’Ling, who is leaning
text: over the taffrail. M'Ling turns towards him for an instant, his
text: eyes glowing a pale luminous green in the light of the wheelhouse.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE SOUTH PACIFIC - DAWN
text: There is a CLATTER of chains and a tortured, hydraulic WHINING
text: followed by a scarcely human clamor of SHOUTS AND GRUNTS as a cage
text: holding a frightened black leopard is hoisted skyward by a crude
text: rig of chain and cable, spinning in the air above the rising sun.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE CABIN - DAWN
text: Prendick wakes from an uneasy slumber and sits up in his bunk
text: rubbing his head, hearing HOARSE SHOUTING and PATTERING FEET
text: overhead. As he gets to his feet there is a violent CREAKING SOUND
text: and the freighter lists uneasily.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE DECK - DAWN
text: As Prendick comes up the ladder, the first thing he sees is the
text: flushed sky and the rising sun over the broad back and red hair of
text: the Captain who stands, arms upraised, while above him the black
text: leopard spins in its cage.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: I don't give a shit! Off load all of them. Now,
dialog: we'll have a clean ship!
text: Prendick pushes past him and Davis turns with a start, staring
text: drunkenly at him.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: Hullo... why, it's Mister... Mister?
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Prendick.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: Mr. Prawn-dick. You too. You're off my ship.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: (shocked)
dialog: What do you mean? Off where?
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: Where do you think? Back into the sea, that's
dialog: where. Plenty of room for you there...
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Wait a minute, you can't...
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: (rolling his eyes)
dialog: Oh Mother, here we go again. Mr. Prawn-dick's
dialog: telling me what I can and can't do on my own
dialog: ship. My own ship!
text: Prendick looks past Davis and sees the island for the first time,
text: the jagged crest of a submerged mountain rising sheer from the
text: ocean, its flanks covered with palm trees and dense scrub, a thin
text: streamer of smoke rising from the treetops.
text: A large motor launch lies under the lee of the freighter and it is
text: into this that the SAILORS are busy loading the last of the caged
dialog: animals.
text: M'Ling is already aboard the launch, helping three brutish-looking
text: BOATMEN with the staghounds while Montgomery stands on the gangway
text: talking with a NEWCOMER dressed in slightly grey white flannels and
text: a battered Panama hat. The man's blazing eyes stern expression and
text: long grey hair and beard remind Prendick of a prophet out of the
dialog: Old Testament.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: Right this way, Mister!
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Fuck you. I'm not getting off here. Get away
dialog: from me...
text: He looks to Montgomery.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: (to the captain)
dialog: Take him to Moresby, he'll pay you.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: He can swim.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Look, I'll pay you.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: I don't want your money... I piss on your money.
text: Montgomery looks at Moreau who says nothing. He shouts back to
dialog: Davis.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: You'll have to take him. He can't come here.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: (desperate)
dialog: Montgomery! For Christ's sake!
text: Montgomery, already boarding the launch, nods towards Moreau as if
text: to indicate that he is powerless to intervene.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Eddie, I'm really sorry.
text: Prendick glances around to see that he is loosely ringed now by
text: belligerent-looking sailors. Two of the sailors take him by the
text: arms and he begins to struggle.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: God damn it, get your hands off me!
text: He pulls free from the sailors and hits one of them hard enough to
text: land him on the deck. Before he can go for the other one, several
text: more are on him. The decked sailor rises and hits him in the
dialog: stomach.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: Adios, Mr. Prawn-dick. Give my regards to the
dialog: U.N... Great work you people are doing... I
dialog: really hold you in awe....
text: Davis laughs maniacally as Prendick, doubled over, is hauled, still
text: struggling, to the gangway, but the launch is fully laden now and
text: shoves off hastily. A broadening gap of green water appears beneath
text: Prendick who pushes back with all his strength now, trying to grab
text: hold of the ship's rail.
text: Stronger hands pry loose his fingers and he plunges from the ship.
text: Bubbles explode around him and he goes under for a moment before
text: kicking his way back to the surface, gasping at the sudden shock of
dialog: the water.
text: Above him he sees the steep side of the freighter, already starting
text: to come about, its engines throbbing, Davis standing at the rail
text: still shouting unintelligible abuse at him.
text: He turns and strikes out for the island, trying to distance himself
text: from the ship's propellers.
text: Then, with relief, he sees that the launch has turned back towards
text: him. As the launch draws nearer he is able to make out the figure
text: of Moreau sitting cramped up with the dogs in the bow staring
text: fixedly but not without kindness at him, M'Ling's face watching him
text: intently from the stern.
text: The launch comes alongside him and the three brutish boatmen haul
text: him awkwardly aboard where he crouches shivering, glancing around
text: uneasily at his rescuers.
text: There is something strange about the features of the boatmen. They
text: seem to be of some queer, brown-skinned race, their elfin faces
text: peering out at him from beneath dirty turbans, lank black hair
text: almost like horse hair framing their bright eyes.
text: As he meets their gaze, first one and then the other turn away from
text: him in a deferential manner.
text: Moreau smiles at him.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: (over the engines)
dialog: I couldn't let you drown, could I? I had no idea
dialog: he'd really throw you in.
text: Moreau turns away and looks to the crates. Looking up, Prendick
text: catches Montgomery's eyes as the launch comes about once more and
text: starts back towards the island. He is serious, even grim.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: This wasn't my idea. Remember that.
text: There is a soberness to Montgomery's voice that only deepens
text: Prendick's unease as he turns his attention towards the approaching
dialog: beach.
text: Prendick turns towards Moreau as if to speak, but the Doctor fixes
text: him with a look, part smile, part warning, and Prendick says
dialog: nothing.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE ISLAND - DAY
text: Several LOCALS have assembled on the narrow jetty to meet the
text: launch, some of them hopping up and down in undisguised excitement.
text: One of the boathands throws a rope ashore and the launch cuts its
dialog: engines and makes fast.
text: Prendick steps ashore, looking dazedly about himself as the boatmen
text: begin to unload, jabbering excitedly in their curious guttural
text: voices, Montgomery and Moreau shouting the occasional command above
text: the clamor of the staghounds.
text: The island has the immediate lush beauty of all tropical Pacific
text: islands. Birds call melodically from the surrounding lush
text: vegetation, giving one the impression that life teems just beyond
dialog: view.
text: Prendick hears the SOUND of a grumbling engine and looks up to see
text: a battered military flatbed come bouncing down the narrow track
text: that connects the jetty with a fenced compound on the ridge
text: overlooking the beach.
text: At the center of the compound is an old colonial-style building and
text: a cluster of Nissan huts painted in a manner reminiscent of either
text: camouflage or Aboriginal art. Beyond the roofs of the Nissan huts
text: Prendick can see the top of a radio mast and two rusting satellite
dialog: dishes.
text: The main house is surrounded by a wide lawn enclosed by an electric
text: fence. At the bottom of the lawn is a wooden rostrum overlooking
text: the compound gate and a flagpole from the top of which flies the
text: emblem of the Tree of Life.
text: M'Ling passes him now, bearing a packing case and talking
text: enthusiastically with one of his fellow BEARERS, a man with oddly
text: doglike features who wears a white jacket.
text: He looks again to the beach and sees Moreau approaching him, his
text: expression benign but formal.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: I regret we really have no facilities for
dialog: guests, but we can feed you. You look like you
dialog: could use some breakfast.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
text: I won't be here for long. I'm overdue as it is.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: Yes, Montgomery told me you work for the UN... a
dialog: lawyer. Fascinating. I know very little of law
dialog: myself.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Once I call I'm sure they'll send a boat or a
dialog: plane.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: Yes, unfortunately at the moment our COMSAT
text: equipment is down, but we're working on it.
text: He looks absently out to sea.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: Since the ozone layer started going, we've had
dialog: communication problems. Something about magnetic
dialog: storms... I'm a biologist, I don't really
dialog: understand electronics.
text: M'Ling returns now, having loaded his burden onto the parked
text: flatbed. He kneels beside Moreau.
speaker_heading: M'LING
dialog: Father... I am so glad to see you again.
text: Moreau pats M'Ling's arm and then incredibly the manservant takes
text: the doctor's hand and kisses it.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: Yes, M'Ling. I'm glad to see you too.
speaker_heading: M'LING
dialog: Father... I have seen the strangest things out
dialog: there... So confusing...
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: Yes, M'Ling, You must tell me all about it.
text: The doctor glances back at Prendick, who is watching.
text: To make the scene complete, in the background, a few of these
text: strange men are holding a softball practise; one of them bats
text: the ball to the others, who race around clumsily trying to catch
dialog: it.
text: Moreau's eyes wander across the curious islanders, fixing now on
text: the man in the white coat.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: I'd better get busy. Azazello, see what Mr.
dialog: Prendick would like for breakfast.
text: (Glancing back at Prendick)
dialog: Oh, and I have to ask that you restrict yourself
dialog: to the main house. It's because of our insurance
dialog: coverage. The people who fund us are afraid you
dialog: might twist your ankle and sue us.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: (smiles)
text: Unfortunately, it's a litigious world.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: Yes, I'm sure you know all about that.
text: We hear the crack of a bat and happy shouting.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Are these people native to this island?
dialog: (off Moreau's look)
dialog: They're very unusual looking.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: Yes, many areas of the Pacific have very limited
dialog: gene pools.
text: Moreau moves off as Azazello approaches Prendick, awaiting his
dialog: order.
speaker_heading: AZAZELLO
dialog: Sair, you want breakfast?
dialog: Azazello
dialog: Azazello
dialog: the rest
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Uhm... two eggs... some bacon...
speaker_heading: AZAZELLO
dialog: (snickering nastily)
dialog: No bacon here. No eggs.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Then whatever there is... Some fruit?
speaker_heading: AZAZELLO
dialog: Fruit and granola?
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Fine.
text: grins with inappropriate good humor.
speaker_heading: AZAZELLO
dialog: Yaba daba doo!
text: turns away and follows Moreau toward the big house passing
text: of the group who are loading the flatbed now with the
text: caged animals from the boat.
text: Montgomery, who has been supervising the islanders, breaks away
dialog: from his
text: work and comes over to Prendick.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: So... You okay?
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Yeah, and thanks once again you saved my life.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Well that depends on how you look at it. I’d
dialog: watch myself if I were you. Strictly eyes down,
dialog: know what I mean?
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: He seems nice enough.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: (suddenly serious)
dialog: He's one of the greatest men alive.
text: He pauses for a moment, then changes tack.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Give me a hand with these, will you?
text: He crouches beside one of the crates stacked near the end of the
text: jetty and lifts it. Indicating another, Prendick lifts it and
text: follows Montgomery a short distance from the jetty where he sets
text: his burden down in a clump of brush on the beach near some hastily
text: constructed hutches and the rusting remains of pickup truck.
text: Montgomery opens one of the crates and starts removing white
text: rabbits and putting them into the hutch.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: They're for the black leopard. Damned cat will
dialog: eat better than I do.
dialog: (off Prendick)
dialog: Didn't you see the old man's earth shoes? I'ma
text: protein freak stuck with a fanatical vegetarian.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: None of the other animals are eaten?
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Seal your lips at the thought...
text: Montgomery opens another of the crates. Several animals bolt out
text: the open door and escape. He and Prendick grab for them but they
text: make it to the surrounding jungle.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Alright little ones, "Go ye forth and
dialog: multiply... Born to fuck, and they're so-o-o
dialog: cute...
text: Montgomery returns his attention to the crate. Reaching in he
text: removes the last rabbit, a large buck. The animal kicks and
text: struggles in an attempt to join the others who have fled.
text: Montgomery kneels, letting the rabbits feet touch the ground. He
text: strokes the animal and calms it.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Lusting for those runaway bunnies, big guy?
text: With a conspiratorial smile he looks at Prendick.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Think this fellow'd be missed?
text: Thinking Montgomery plans to release the rabbit, Prendick smiles,
dialog: shrugs.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Who's to know?
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Right, who's to know.
text: With a quick twist Montgomery breaks the rabbits neck. The
text: animal screams and dies. Prendick reacts.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: (off Prendick's look)
dialog: What, you don't like barbecued bunny?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE COMPOUND - DAY
text: The flatbed inches its way back up the hill, laden down with a
text: deadweight of cages and packing cases.
text: Prendick stands on the back of the truck as they pass an area where
text: jungle borders the sides of the road. Among the trees he sees
text: several spectacularly beautiful tropical birds, which seem totally
text: unafraid, only curious at his passing. As they drive beneath a low
text: bough, a large Bank's Cockatoo dips his head in a friendly gesture,
text: causing Prendick to extend his hand, returning a gesture of
dialog: friendship.
text: Clearing the jungle they reach the clearing and pass a main gate
text: and a pipe corral where a grey-white thoroughbred crops at grass.
text: Further on Prendick is able to get a closer view of magnifiscent
text: bright green aloes that surround the big house. As they pass close
text: by one of the plants he can hear a low TRILLING SOUND emanating
text: from its fleshy, tendrilled branches that seem to quiver in the
text: breeze even when Prendick can feel no breeze.
text: The flatbed winds around the side of the big house and pulls up in
text: a shady courtyard.
text: Montgomery ushers Prendick into the house.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE HOUSE - DAY
text: Prendick finds himself in a large hall-turned-dining area, its
text: walls lined with bookshelves and specimen cases.
text: Montgomery hesitates for a moment in the doorway.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Stay here. And I mean, stay right here. I won't
dialog: be long.
dialog: (calls out)
dialog: Moreau.
text: He leaves Prendick who wanders the library. As his gaze wanders
text: over a series of old photos, Moreau in his thirties with an
text: attractive woman, both holding the reins of their horses while the
text: wind whips their hair in some wilderness setting. In another
text: Moreau embraces a conductor and first violinist beside a piano on a
text: concert stage. While Montgomery can be heard calling "Moreau" off
text: screen, Prendick examines a row of framed academic certificates
text: hanging beside a row of crucified butterflies and Da Vinci
text: anatomical sketches. One yellowing certificate is from the Nobel
text: Committee, beneath it set against blue velvet is a medallion, the
dialog: prize.
text: Somewhere in the background a song is heard from a CD player, the
text: same love ballad heard in the opening scene.
text: Prendick turns slowly, drawn towards the source of the music.
text: On the far side of the room an open doorway leads through a small,
text: densely planted arboretum to a sun drenched veranda facing the sea.
text: Through it, beyond the foreground foliage, Prendick glimpses a
text: figure moving gently to the music. A beautiful young woman,
text: barefoot and clad in a sarong, turning slowly in a puddle of
text: sunlight. Her eyes are closed, her only audience a bright green
text: parrot watching from its perch at the far end of the veranda.
text: Transfixed, Prendick moves towards her.
text: He stops amidst the foliage of the arboretum, taken by a sudden
text: reverie.
text: Something moves in the dense verdure near his head. Prendick turns
text: to see a pair of disturbingly human eyes set in a wizened face,
text: belonging to a small arboreal creature about the size of a large
text: galago or lorus that peers from the foliage.
text: Prendick's curiosity elicits an sudden aggressive response. Teeth
text: bared, the creature threatens with a rasping growl and a terrier-
text: like snap, causing Prendick to take a quick step back. As he
text: regains his composure he hears a young woman's laugh.
text: Prendick turns.
text: The dancer, a beautiful YOUNG WOMAN, barefoot and clad in a sarong,
text: faces him from a few feet away. At his glance her smile quickly
text: fades to something akin to fear.
text: Prendick sees now that she has the same unusual tan as the
text: islanders while her high, vaguely oriental cheekbones and light
text: green eyes give her a somewhat feline cast further enhanced by the
text: slightest deformation of her upper lip, as if she has had a harelip
dialog: surgically corrected in childhood.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Is it some kind of pet?
text: He takes a step towards her. Like a child who has spoken out of
text: turn, she demurs and backs away.
text: Prendick raises his hands to show he means no harm.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Wait, it's all right...
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: I just got here.
text: She looks questioningly at him, still apprehensive.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: This morning. I came on the boat.
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: Did the doctor bring you?
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: Have you come from the sea?
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: I come from New York.
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: (brightly)
dialog: Oh yes, New York! That is another island!
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: That's right, it is.
text: She looks intently at Prendick's'hands, then holds up her own
text: hands, counting her fingers.
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: One... two... three... four... five! You're a
dialog: Five Man!
text: Prendick looks at her in bewilderment.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: My name's Edward Prendick.
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: Pren-Dick.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Pren-dick.
text: She kneels suddenly before him and, taking his hand, presses it to
text: her lips in a curious form of greeting.
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: You have small hands. It is good.
text: He looks with real interest at Aissa, and at that moment there
text: comes something like a low GROWL from behind him. He turns to see
text: Azazello and M'Ling (who has changed into white coat) emerge from
text: the study with his breakfast and a steaming pot of coffee on two
text: serving trays.
text: Aissa draws away from them.
speaker_heading: AZAZELLO
dialog: Your breakfast, Sair.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Put it... uh... out here.
speaker_heading: AZAZELLO
dialog: Yes, Sair.
text: Azazello and M'Ling lay his breakfast on a nearby table while Aissa
text: keeps a cautious distance. There is an unmistakable tension between
text: her and Azazello.
text: Prendick sits down and pours himself a coffee, motioning for Aissa
text: to join him once M'Ling and Azazello have withdrawn to the study.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Please, sit down. Will you have some coffee?
text: She shakes her head, and seats herself opposite him, peering in
text: undisguised fascination at his face and hands.
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: Your hands are so beautiful.
text: Prendick is charmed by this, amused, and quite turned on.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Thanks. No one's ever noticed them before.
text: Azazello peers in at them once, furtively, from the study door.
text: Aissa doesn't see him, but bristles slightly, knowing he's there.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Are you from this island?
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: My father brought me here when I was very young.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Where are you from originally?
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: Father says I was born in Suva.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Will you tell me your name?
text: She looks away shyly, raising her hands to her mouth.
text: Then M'Ling calls her from the study, inadvertently answering
dialog: Prendick's question.
speaker_heading: M'LING (0.S.)
dialog: Aissa!
text: Aissa shoots Prendick a swift, somewhat coquettish glance.
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: They need me now. I have to rehearse.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Rehearse what?
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: Alice in Wonderland. I'm Alice.
text: She slips away, her movements swift yet strangely graceful, her
text: bare feet making scarcely a sound as she pads across the verandah.
text: Prendick looks after her, fascinated.
text: Exiting through the study door she almost collides with Montgomery,
text: who glances amusedly from her to Prendick, a smoldering joint
text: poised between his thumb and forefinger.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Well, I see we're getting acquainted.
dialog: (He sighs.)
dialog: Lovely thing, little Aissa.
text: Montgomery offers the joint to Prendick, who declines it.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: I saw the awards... a Nobel Prize.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Moreau's a famous name in genetics. Or infamous,
dialog: depending on who you listen to.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Why infamous?
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: He's a genius, so everybody who's not a genius
dialog: hates his guts... Most scientific research is
text: totally motivated by jealousy and greed. And
dialog: vanity... don't want to forget vanity. He came
dialog: out here to escape that.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: How long has he been on this island?
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
text: Eighteen years. The animal rights boobies drove
dialog: him to it. Got so in the States you couldn't
text: cage a rat without reading him his rights.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: And you?
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Almost ten years for me.
text: He offers the joint to Prendick.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: No, thanks.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: (cautious)
dialog: Listen, Montgomery...
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: (not liking the tone)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Your assistant, M'Ling. There's something kind
dialog: of... His ears are strange... they're sort of
dialog: pointed.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: What?? Pointed ears?? You're shitting me...
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: So what is he, a Vulcan?
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: No, and, I think it's incredibly insensitive of
dialog: you to bring it up. How would you like it if
dialog: someone made remarks about your ears?
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: And the guy who brought my breakfast acts very
dialog: weird. What is it, they don't like their wages?
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: What are you suddenly, Amnesty International?
dialog: Trust me. No one complains.
text: Montgomery offers the joint. Prendick waves it off.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: No? You're missing out. Back when we dabbled in
dialog: plant genes I created this. Like everything else
dialog: on this Island some serious method went into
dialog: this shit.
text: Montgomery's expression hardens noticeably and he stands now,
text: motioning for Prendick to follow him.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Come on, man. I think it's time I showed you
dialog: your room.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: God damn it, Montgomery... Talk to me!
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Sssh!... Dig it...
text: Prendick joins Montgomery in the study door to see M'Ling and Aissa
text: sitting at one end of the room, reading determinedly from Lewis
dialog: Carrol.
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: "And thou hast slain the Jabberwock? Come to my
dialog: arms, my beamish boy O Frabjous day! Callooh!
text: Callay!" He chortled in his joy.
text: Prendick looks across at Aissa and their gaze meets for an instant
text: before she returns her eyes to the page, reading artlessly aloud,
dialog: placing odd stresses on phrases that were never meant to be
dialog: stressed.
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: "Twas brillig and the slithy toves
text: Did gyre and gimble on the wabe;
dialog: All mimsy were the borogroves,
text: and the mome raths outgrabe.
text: As she finishes M'Ling crosses to her holding his hands like a
text: rabbit and mustering a rabbit like expression in his face.
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: (acting anxious)
dialog: Oh, Rabbit, it's so hard to understand, but it
dialog: seems somebody killed something.
text: M'Ling mimes removing a watch from his vest.
speaker_heading: M'LING
dialog: By my ears and whiskers I'm late, I'm late. The
dialog: Duchess will be in such a state...
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: (affectionately)
dialog: What a crew. Ya gotta love ‘em.
text: Prendick lingers for an instant, fixing on Aissa.
text: Montgomery glances back noting his expression.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE GUEST ROOM - DAY
text: Montgomery leads Prendick across the hall to the open door of a
text: small apartment, plainly but comfortably furnished.
text: Some clothes have been laid out for Prendick, and there is a filled
text: bookshelf, which Prendick studies for a moment.
text: There is a low bed in the darkest corner of the room shrouded in
text: mosquito netting and a small barred window looking out towards the
dialog: sea.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Barred windows... You don't trust the locals?
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: You don't like your room?
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: What's the update on the COMSAT equipment?
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Not my area of expertise.
text: At that moment a third figure appears in the doorway. An agitated-
text: looking ISLANDER dressed in a surgical smock.
dialog: He steps
speaker_heading: WAGGDI
dialog: Mr. Montgomery, Sir, you must come at once. The
text: contractions have started.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Thank you, Waggdi. I'm on my way.
dialog: (To Prendick)
dialog: Oh Christ, here we go again.
text: lightly out of the room, drawing the door shut behind him.
text: Just before it closes Prendick catches a glimpse of Montgomery's
text: face through the narrowing crack.
dialog: Prendick
dialog: face and
dialog: Prendick
dialog: He turns
dialog: sunlight
dialog: piercing
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Sorry about this, Eddie.
text: starts towards him but Montgomery closes the door in his
text: he hears the SOUND OF A KEY being turned.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Hey, Montgomery. C'mon, open the damn door.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: It's for your own good.
text: rattles the door furiously.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Come on, Montgomery. If it's about the damned
dialog: insurance I'll sign a waver. Shit!
text: to face the room, the barred window, the brilliant
text: and the green fans of the trees beyond. Suddenly, a
text: howl of pain comes from somewhere outside. Prendick's eyes
dialog: search the surrounding jungle for the source, but there
dialog: is nothing.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE GUEST ROOM - DUSK (A LITTLE LATER)
text: Prendick sits on the bed, glancing through a pile of dog-eared
text: Magazines that are on the table beside the bed. As he takes another
text: TIME, he reacts to the cover. A picture of Moreau surrounded by a
text: tableau of helixes and medallions with profiles of Nobel.
text: We see him flip through the pages to the article which is
dialog: headlined: "Moreau, Future hopes... or fears?"
text: Prendick tries to read as the howl comes again followed by others.
text: Some creature in agony, perhaps closer to death than before as they
text: build to such an exquisite expression of suffering that it is as
text: though all the pain in the world had found a single voice.
text: He drops the magazine and goes to the window. As he looks out into
text: the crepuscular gloom of the jungle, the howls diminish and
text: gradually stop. Prendick goes to the bed and lies down, releived by
text: the returned silence of the approaching night.
text: Through drifting mosquito netting,
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: We see the following (PRENDICK'S P.@.V) as though through a
dialog: nightmare:
text: Prendick is alone, deep in sleep, through which he can hear the
text: SCREAMS, now at an unbearable pitch.
scene_heading: INT. THE WOMB - NIGHT
text: An unborn CHILD pushes through the red-veined darkness, eyes still
text: closed, squeezed shut as if anguished by this transition from one
dialog: world to another.
text: In the darkness of the womb the child twists and SCREAMS.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE GUEST ROOM - NIGHT
text: Prendick sits bolt upright on the bed. It takes him only a moment
text: to realize that the pitch of the cries has changed. They no longer
text: sound like the howling of man nor beast, but have become instead
text: the screams of a child in pain.
text: Prendick turns and goes to the door a bit unsteadily. He tries it.
text: Still locked.
text: Kneeling down, he examines the old style lock. In reaction to
text: something he's seen, he reaches to a hat stand beside the door and
text: removes a wire coat hanger. Quickly bending it, he pokes it into
text: the lock and works it around. A few thrusts and he forces the key
text: out the other side. It clangs on the hallway floor.
text: Making a hook out of one end of the hanger, he slides it under the
text: door and draws it back with the key.
text: The screaming subsides as Prendick unlocks the door and opens it.
text: After a beat of hesitation he exits into the empty hallway.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DOWNSTAIRS HALLWAY - PRE-DAWN
text: Prendick comes down a stairway into the empty gloom of the house.
text: He moves along toward a large window that opens off the hallway.
text: Peering out, Prendick sees --
scene_heading: EXT. A KITCHEN COURTYARD - PRE-DAWN
text: In the dim light of morning, Azazello is cutting up the skinned and
text: gutted rabbit which bears a disturbing resemblance to the fetus of
text: Prendick's nightmare.
text: The kitchen courtyard is an area nearly touched by the surrounding
text: growth of the jungle. As Azazello works he reacts to an animal
text: movement in the surrounding brush. A vague shadowy face appears,
text: staring at the preparation of the meat.
speaker_heading: AZAZELLO
dialog: Get away!
text: Azazello pitches a stone. The face disappears and the creature
text: retreats noisily into the brush.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - PRE-DAWN
text: Another scream is heard from outside the hduse and Prendick moves
dialog: on.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE COMPOUND - JUST BEFORE DAWN
text: Prendick stands in the lighted doorway of the big house for a
text: moment, realizing now that the cries are coming from the lighted
text: complex of Nissan huts across the yard.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Moreau!
text: As he starts toward the huts Aissa emerges from the shadows of the
text: porch. Knowing his purpose, she takes his arm.
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: Oh no, please! You can't!
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: That's a child screaming!
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: It's forbidden to go there!
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: What the hell are they doing? Someone's being
dialog: tortured.
text: Prendick starts towards the source of the screams, breaking free of
text: Aissa, who does not dare to follow him further.
text: Behind the house, he stumbles across the pile of baseball
text: equipment; gloves, a catcher's mask, some bats. He grabs a bat and
text: goes on.
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: No Prendick! You can't go there! It's the House
dialog: of Pain!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE LABORATORY - JUST BEFORE DAWN
text: Prendick's entrance is drowned out by the clamoring of caged
text: animals, going mad with fear at the sound of the screaming child.
text: He stalks slowly down an aisle between the cages, baseball bat
text: raised, looking around in the light of the naked bulbs overhead,
text: noting the occupants of the cages. Dogs, monkeys, big and small
text: cats and in the last of the cages the black leopard, lying on its
text: side and panting as if desperately ill.
text: He sees movement up ahead and his knuckles whiten on the handle of
dialog: the bat.
text: Beyond the cages is a laboratory area, a maze of computer consoles
text: and arcane apparatus linked by suspended tubes and cabling to a row
text: of glass tanks and glowing incubators. At the far end of the
text: laboratory area a group of figures in stained surgical smocks are
text: ringed about an eccentric, custom-built operating table.
text: The figures shift slightly and for a moment Prendick catches a
text: glimpse of hairy legs that might be human fastened to raised steel
text: stirrups that have more in common with medieval torture than
text: obstetrics. Then Moreau, completely absorbed, watches as Montgomery
text: draws a vinyl sheet across a body, obscuring it from view.
text: Moreau turns from the table and Prendick sees at last where the
text: cries are coming from.
text: Moreau is cradling a screaming mutant child in his arms.
text: A wriggling, squalling thing, more dog than man, umbilical cord
text: still dangling from its distended belly, eyes already open and
text: hideously aware.
text: Prendick staggers back with a groan and Moreau catches sight of
text: him, his face growing white and terrible.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: (shuddering)
dialog: Oh, my God!
text: Montgomery sees him.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Oh shit...
text: Montgomery starts forward, trying to come between Prendick and
text: Moreau. Prendick takes a defensive stance with the bat.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Stay the hell away from me!
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Whatever you think is going on here, you're
dialog: wrong.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: You sick bastards.
text: Prendick retreats toward the exit, brandishing the bat to keep them
text: at bay.
text: He backs into a large assemblage of tubes and glass retorts which
text: crashes to the floor. Monkeys shriek and animal sound erupt from
text: all sides as Prendick, totally freaked, beats a retreat to the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. COMPOUND - DAWN
text: As Prendick backs out the door he is touched from behind by Aissa
text: who startles him. He spins and nearly swings on her with the bat.
text: She cowers. Prendick reaches out and takes her wrist.
text: Aissa stares at him wide eyed as he pulls her away from the lab.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE LABORATORY - DAWN
text: Moreau places the mutant infant on a scale. He speaks to
dialog: Montgomery.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: He's freaked. You'll have to talk him down.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: (nods)
dialog: Find him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE COMPOUND - DAWN
text: Prendick leads Aissa to an area of tropical overgrowth near the
dialog: main house.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Listen, you've got to help me. I have to get
dialog: away from here!
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: I can't help you! You've broken the Law!
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: I've broken the law??? What law?
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: I don't know what to do. He's my father! I'm
dialog: afraid...
text: She takes Prendick's hand, holds it.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Just show me the way out of here and I'll take
dialog: care of you. I promise.
text: Aissa looks with terrible confusion at the house.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Aissa, there's no time... They'll be coming
dialog: after me.
text: Aissa grabs his hand. They break into a run. Aissa stops and turns
text: once, looking back at the house with some incredible longing. Then
text: she runs on.
text: Montgomery comes dashing out of the laboratory and tries to
text: intercept them, but Prendick swings the baseball bat at his face
text: and he ducks out of the way, stumbles back and falls.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Eddie! Come on, don't be an asshole! I'll tell
dialog: you what it's all about.
text: Prendick keeps running, following Aissa past the singing aloes
text: towards the dark wall of the rain forest.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Come back! I'm warning you man, there's some
dialog: really unstable phenomena out there.
text: Aissa leads Prendick to a section of the fence where the trees have
text: invaded the compound and he sees a jagged gap in the wire mesh,
text: hidden from the house by luxuriant foliage.
text: He starts through the hole, pinning back a loose flap of the fence
text: with the handle of the baseball bat.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE RAINFOREST - EARLY MORNING
text: The forest is so dense that after going only a few yards the
text: compound is already lost from Prendick's sight.
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: Where can we go? They'll find us.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: We have to get to the launch.
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: To the sea? You'll take me with you?
text: Prendick looks at her for a moment.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: To New York?
text: Prendick almost smiles at her innocence.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Yes. New York.
text: They reach the edge of the forest now and through the trees
text: Prendick can see the dawn coming up over the sparkling ocean. Up
text: ahead, the beach seems deserted save for two sleeping ISLANDERS who
text: lie some way off beside the smoking embers of a campfire. Prendick
text: slows, looking cautiously around his eyes fixed on the jetty and
text: the launch bobbing at its moorings.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: We'll need fuel to make it to the shipping lane.
dialog: Do you know where they keep the Diesel?
text: Aissa points toward a storage shed well back from the water.
speaker_heading: AISSA
text: In that shed.
text: Prendick is about to start towards the shed when the SOUND OF
text: A TANNOY comes drifting down the beach followed by the low GROWL of
text: a diesel engine. The two sleeping figures beside the camp stir now,
text: starting to their feet and coming to attention.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Shit.
text: He draws back into the undergrowth as the flatbed comes rattling
text: down the track from the big house, Montgomery standing in the back
text: a loud hailer in one hand. The flatbed pulls up beside the jetty,
text: disgorging a host of doglike FIGURES carrying electric cattle
text: prods. They fan out across the beach, the rising sun at their backs
text: while Montgomery bark instructions to them through the loud hailer.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: The Man from the Sea has broken the Law! Find
dialog: him for me and bring him back!
text: The two figures beside the campfire prostrate themselves on the
text: sand, crying out in unison.
speaker_heading: ONLOOKERS
dialog: Back to the House of Pain, Master! To the House
dialog: of Pain!
text: Aissa tugs urgently at Prendick's shoulder and he turns, following
text: her deeper into the forest.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Is there anywhere we can hide?
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: The village. The men there will know what to do.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Who are they? Do they work for Moreau?
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: They are good. You can trust them.
text: Still not totally convinced he can trust her, Prendick follows
text: Aissa, weaving through the undergrowth as they climb the flank of a
text: densely forested ridge. Prendick glances around at the vegetation,
text: the rustling and scurrying of myriad unseen lives.
text: They emerge from the trees onto the bank of a shallow stream and
text: Aissa freezes suddenly in fear.
text: A naked MAN, his skin covered in patches of spotted fur, crouches
text: on all fours beside the stream, supping up water like an animal. He
text: senses their presence and glances up guiltily, his eyes going at
text: once to Prendick. He starts to his feet, wiping his mouth, and
text: Prendick sees his lips are rimmed with blood.
text: Prendick takes a step towards him, looking him steadfastly in the
text: eye, clutching the baseball bat with both his hands.
speaker_heading: LO-MAI
dialog: No!
text: He turns and goes bounding away through the undergrowth.
text: Prendick, startled, looks back now to see Aissa sniffing the air
text: her brow furrowed, a curious far-off look in her eyes. He follows
text: her gaze, seeing a trail of bright crimson drops dotting the
dialog: foliage.
text: The trail leads to the body of a dead rabbit, its remains wedged in
text: the fork of a tree. It is one of the rabbits from the beach but it
text: has been savagely mutilated, the carcass glistening with flies.
text: Aissa glances back at Prendick, her face growing solemn.
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: He's a bad one, that man. He's broken the Law.
text: He's going back to the House of Pain.
text: A staghound BAYS from somewhere behind them and Prendick glances at
text: her uneasily. Aissa darts forward once more, beckoning for him to
dialog: follow her.
text: She sets off swiftly through the trees, moving at such a quick pace
text: that Prendick has to struggle hard to keep up with her.
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: Quicker, you have to run.
text: At length they come to an open space in the forest and Aissa pauses
text: once more to let him catch up. Ahead in the center of the glade
text: surrounding the fungoid ruins of a huge, fallen tree are THREE
text: TAILED FIGURES, more like attenuated sloths walking on their hind
text: legs than men, their naked bodies covered in a fine silvery fur
text: their long necks surmounted by odd chinless faces and eyes like
text: dark pools of honey.
text: They are engaged in picking some kind of fruit, pulling down
text: prickly husks from the trees and scooping out the fleshy contents.
text: Prendick looks questioningly at Aissa.
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: The Silent Ones. They were the first of his
dialog: children but he didn't give them speech.
text: Prendick is about to return his attention to the creatures in the
text: clearing when a FIGURE in a bright Hawaiian shirt steps from the
text: surrounding undergrowth.
speaker_heading: ASSASSIMON
dialog: You! You! You! You!
text: The furry figures in the glade take fright and go sloping off into
text: the trees. Prendick turns to face the newcomer, a curiously simian
text: individual with long forearms and a heavy brow overshadowing
text: bright, curious eyes.
speaker_heading: ASSASSIMON
dialog: You. In the boat.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Right... I came in the boat.
speaker_heading: ASSASSIMON
dialog: You play ball with us now?
text: Prendick glances awkwardly at the bat he's holding.
speaker_heading: ASSASSIMON
dialog: Can you hit the ball?
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: (going with it)
dialog: Sure, I batted two ninety three when I played
dialog: for the Cards.
speaker_heading: ASSASSIMON
dialog: It's good. We need a power hitter very much to
text: hit the long ball.
dialog: (Smiling conspiratorially)
dialog: I am the pitcher. My name is Assassimon.
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: He's a Five Man like you!
text: She takes Prendick's hand and holds it out so Assassimon can see.
text: Assassimon counts Prendick's fingers carefully, holding out his own
dialog: for comparison.
speaker_heading: ASSASSIMON
dialog: It is very good! We must tell Kiril!
text: He swings around, gesturing for them to follow and then goes
text: trotting off, his hands hanging down and his jaw thrust forward.
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: See, you're alright here. You'll be safe with
dialog: me.
text: Prendick turns to Aissa and takes her hand.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE SETTLEMENT - DAY
text: Drawing nearer, Prendick sees that a small village of wooden
text: shanties and lean-tos made from matted palm fans is hidden amidst
text: the volcanic boulders. Several of the villagers come shambling from
text: their hovels to watch them as they enter the ravine and a group of
text: deformed, dog-like children follow jibing at their heels.
text: The walls of the ravine shelter are a wasp's nest of more complex
text: mud-walled homes and it is into the doorway of one of those that
text: Assassimon disappears.
text: Prendick glances around, wrinkling his nose at the pungent odor.
text: The ground is covered with decaying fruit pulp and other refuse and
text: the air here is thick with smoke.
text: Something brushes his leg and he starts violently down to see a dim
text: pinkish thing resembling a flayed looking child pawing at his
dialog: trousers.
text: Assassimon reappears, and Aissa tugs him by the arm.
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: Here. This is our home now.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Oh great. Looks like the Hospitality Suite at
dialog: the Bronx Zoo.
text: She gives him an uncomprehending, almost hurt look.
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: What is wrong?
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: (melting)
dialog: Nothing. It's fine.
text: She leads him towards the shadowy aperture and he takes a deep
dialog: breath.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. KIRIL'S DEN - DAY
text: Prendick finds himself in a semi-circular space shaped like the
text: half of a beehive. Rough vessels of lava and wood stand about the
text: floor and one on a rough stool. In the darkest corner of the
text: chamber sits a shapeless mass of darkness that GRUNTS as Prendick
text: enters.
speaker_heading: KIRIL
dialog: Hey!
text: Assassimon stands in the dim light of the doorway and holds out a
text: split coconut to Prendick as he crawls into the other corner to
text: crouch beside Aissa. The little pink Sloth Creature stands peering
text: in from the aperture, and something else with a drab face and
text: bright eyes comes to stare over its shoulder.
speaker_heading: KIRIL
dialog: Hey!
speaker_heading: ASSASSIMON
dialog: It is a man! Look, it is a man!
speaker_heading: KIRIL
dialog: Shut up.
text: Kiril pulls himself upright, his head brushing the ceiling forcing
text: him to hold his huge, bearish frame in a melancholic stoop.
text: He peers short-sightedly down at Prendick who looks him in the eye
text: in as friendly a manner as he can muster. Kiril rummages in the
text: shadows beside his bed and produces a battered portable stereo.
speaker_heading: KIRIL
dialog: You have batteries? I need the Energizer.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: No... I'm sorry...
speaker_heading: AISSA
text: He's new. He came on the ship.
speaker_heading: KIRIL
dialog: Then you must learn the Law.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: That's really not necessary. I'm a lawyer and
dialog: I...
speaker_heading: KIRIL
dialog: (dismissive)
dialog: That way...
text: Kiril turns and motions towards a passageway leading deeper into
text: the hillside.
speaker_heading: KIRIL
dialog: Through there...Go!
text: Prendick starts forward with trepidation.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE CAVE - DAY
text: With Kiril showing the way, they enter a corridor that widens and
text: grows gradually brighter, letting out into a huge, natural chamber
text: lit by a fissure open to the sky.
text: The galleries of the cave are lined with crouching FIGURES, their
text: eyes glinting in the half light, their outlines made hazy by the
text: greasy smoke rising from the embers of a fire on the floor beyond.
text: Prendick sees now that the walls of the cave are covered with
text: elaborate paintings. Innumerable twisted stick figures dance across
text: the rock faces, rising from four legs to two, from beast to man and
text: encircling on the far wall a huge rendition of the Tree of Life,
text: the spiralling ladder of the D.N.A. double helices.
text: The bear man turns now towards Prendick, who stands awestruck.
speaker_heading: KIRIL
dialog: This is the House of the Law. I am the Keeper of
dialog: the Way. Only a few can ever enter here.
text: Kiril takes down a conch shell that hangs beside the entrance and,
text: placing it to his lips, blows a mighty BLAST, setting off a
text: MURMURING that ripples throughout the cavern.
text: A FIGURE appears now before the painted helices, stepping into the
text: shaft of light that falls from the crevice high above. A bearded
text: figure in a stained white suit and battered Panama hat who is
text: holding a grisly fetish staff.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Moreau...
text: He starts to raise the bat, but then sees that it is not the doctor
text: after all. The suit is too filthy and the beard he now realizes is
text: made from tufts of dyed hair affixed to a painted wooden mask. The
text: mask, however, fails to disguise the two huge ram horns that curl
text: from the sides of this grotesque head.
text: SAYER OF THE LAW
dialog: Who is there?
speaker_heading: KIRIL
dialog: A Five Man, from the sea! He's come to hear the
dialog: Law!
text: At this, a sudden clamoring of pipes and drums comes from the
text: gallery above and several of the shadowy figures closest to them
text: turn towards Prendick, crowding around him, touching his hair and
text: clothes, taking him by the hands and dragging him further into the
dialog: chamber.
text: A corpulent SOW LADY, her heavy thighs painted with grey mud,
text: approaches him, draping a garland of wild flowers around his neck.
text: She makes as if to embrace him, and he recoils in revulsion, as
text: Aissa lashes out at her, forcing her to withdraw.
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: Get away from him! He's mine!
text: Prendick looks back at her uneasily, catching an unmistakable feral
text: gleam in her eyes. There is a lull in the clamoring and the Sayer
text: of the Law calls attention by banging his fetish staff against the
dialog: rocks.
text: SAYER OF THE LAW
dialog: Not to walk on all-fours; that is the Law.
text: Prendick says nothing; Kiril nudges him firmly.
speaker_heading: KIRIL
dialog: Say it.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: KIRIL
dialog: Repeat the law.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: (annoyed)
dialog: Not to walk on all-fours.
dialog: (Then, after prompting
dialog: from Kiril)
dialog: That is the Law.
text: The crowd echoes his words and the ceremony begins.
text: The Sayer of the Law intones the mad litany, line by line, and the
text: crowd repeats it, swaying from side to side and beating their
text: hands on their knees.
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: Not to walk on all-fours; that is the Law. Are
dialog: we not men? Not to suck up drink; that is the
dialog: Law. Are we not men? Not to eat flesh nor fish;
dialog: that is the Law. Are we not men? Not to claw the
dialog: bark of trees; that is the Law. Are we not men?
dialog: Not to chase other men; that is the Law. Are we
dialog: not men? Not to couple any which-way; that is
dialog: the Law. Are we not men?
text: Prendick is transfixed by this powerful and moving travesty of
text: human ritual. He stares amazed as the crowd sways, faster and
text: faster. There is a loud MUSICAL PUNCTUATION from the upper gallery
text: and the chanting swings to a new formula.
text: SAYER OF THE LAW
dialog: The punishments of those who break the Law are
text: terrible. None escape.
speaker_heading: ALL
text: None escape. His is the House of Pain. His is
dialog: the Hand that makes. His is the Hand that
dialog: wounds. His is the Hand that heals. None escape!
text: Assassimon comes forward, as if to confess to the congregation.
speaker_heading: ASSASSIMON
dialog: None escape! See, I did a wrong thing once, it
dialog: was a little thing... I jabbered... I stopped
dialog: talking. No one could understand me. Look! (He
text: holds out his hand.) I am burned, branded here
dialog: on the hand. And now I talk! He is great! He is
dialog: good!
text: SAYER OF THE LAW
dialog: Sooner or later, every one will want a thing
dialog: that is bad. What you will want, we do not know.
dialog: Some want to follow things that move, to watch
text: and slink and spring, to kill and bite, bite
text: deep and rich, sucking all the warm blood... It
dialog: is bad. Not to chase other men; that is the Law.
dialog: Are we not men? Not to eat flesh nor fish,
dialog: never; that is the Law. Are we not men? To
dialog: couple only with one; that is the Law.
text: The congregation is hypnotized by the ritual of this.
text: SAYER OF THE LAW
text: Some go scratching at the graves of the dead,
text: some go fighting with foreheads or claws, some
dialog: bite suddenly without or warning, some go
text: snuffing at the earth, some love uncleanness,
text: some make wild and random fornications every
dialog: which-way...it is bad.
speaker_heading: ASSASSIMON
dialog: None escape!
text: Suddenly, there the SOUND OF GUNFIRE is heard outside. A murmuring
text: starts amongst those assembled and above their voices Prendick
text: hears the distant BAYING of staghounds.
speaker_heading: ASSASSIMON
dialog: He's coming! He’s coming!
text: There is a cacophonic CLASH OF PERCUSSION from the upper gallery
text: and the entire congregation starts towards the door at once ina
text: furry tumult of struggling, misshapen forms, almost trampling
text: Prendick underfoot.
text: He swiftly loses sight of Kiril and Aissa, allowing the crowd to
text: suck him towards the door, hearing now the SOUND of the loud hailer
text: come from somewhere outside.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE SETTLEMENT - DAY
text: Prendick bursts blinking into the daylight, the last stragglers of
text: the congregation still lurching past him to join the crowd that is
text: gathering at the mouth of the canyon.
text: Prendick pushes through them, peering over the hunched shoulders
text: and pointed ears to see a nightmarish procession approaching.
text: It is led by Moreau, cantering astride the horse, his awful face
text: shadowed by the brim of his Panama hat, a bullwhip in his hands, a
text: hunting rifle in a scabbard, the villagers supplicating themselves
text: before him, throwing dust over their heads and laying palm fans
text: before the horse's hooves as he rides into the settlement. Moreau
text: is flanked by a retinue of DOG MEN who carry whips as well as by
text: M'Ling, Waggdi and Azazello, who control the leashes of the
text: snarling staghounds.
text: Montgomery walks sullenly behind them, a gun in one hand and the
text: loud hailer in the other.
text: Prendick turns to see that his way back through the canyon is
text: blocked by more of the villagers. He ducks down, trying to hide
text: himself in the crowd.
text: Beyond the huts the wall of the rainforest is tantalizingly close
text: yet hopelessly far away. Moreau is almost parallel with him now,
text: his eyes like splinters of ice as he surveys the crowd. Behind him
text: Montgomery raises the loud hailer.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: I know he's in there. Better give him up. I mean
dialog: now!
text: SAYER OF THE LAW
dialog: Evil is he who breaks the Law!
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: And you know what happens when you break the
dialog: law, don't you? You shaggy little fucker...
speaker_heading: ALL (CHORUS)
dialog: Back to the House of Pain! Back to the House of
dialog: Pain, Master!
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: You got it, boys and girls... back to the House
dialog: of Pain. Come on now. Where is he?
text: The villagers slowly turn their snouts towards Prendick who tries
text: to make a run for it, dashing his shoulder into one clumsy figure
text: and flinging him forward into another.
text: The little pink Sloth Creature grasps at his legs and he delivers a
text: savage blow to its face with the baseball bat.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: STOP! HOLD HIM!
text: He looks with incredible severity at Aissa. She looks imploringly
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: Father, please...
text: Moreau smiles tenderly at her, then turns sharply away.
text: Hands clutch at Prendick. He pitches headlong through the crowd and
text: tackles Montgomery, both of them going down almost beneath the
text: horse's hooves, grappling desperately for the gun.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: God, Eddie, you're turning into a real pain in
dialog: the ass. We just want to...
text: Prendick strikes him on the jaw and, wrestling his fingers from the
text: trigger guard, regains his feet just as the Dog Men come loping up
text: to him, brandishing their cattle prods. He raises the gun, firing a
text: round into the air.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Back, You fucking freaks!
text: He fires another round and Moreau's horse panics, rearing
text: dangerously and causing the Dog Men to scatter.
text: Prendick turns and makes a break for it, sprinting across a millet
text: patch towards the shelter of the trees, where he turns and fires
text: another shot, while Moreau struggles to get his horse back under
dialog: control.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE RAINFOREST - DAY
text: Prendick runs full tilt through the undergrowth, the automatic
text: clutched in one hand, the air behind him filled with threatening
text: cries and the baying of staghounds. He zig-zags through the trees,
text: pausing and changing course as he hears BRANCHES CRACKING up ahead,
text: then turning again as he hears Moreau and Montgomery SHOUTING from
text: somewhere behind him and the NEIGHING of the horse.
text: Some of the islanders are ROARING AND SCREAMING now like beasts of
text: prey as they hurl themselves after him through the foliage,
text: primitive cudgels clasped in their hands.
text: As Prendick forces his way through the thick undergrowth of the
text: forest, shadow figures brachiate through the trees above him.
text: WHOOPING, HOWLING, GIBBON-LIKE BEAST MEN quickly overtake him and
text: cut off his escape, menacing him from the canopy above.
text: Prendick turns and fights through a tangled thicket of thorns
text: toward a break in the trees.
text: Breaking from the undergrowth which tears at his clothes, he
text: reaches the edge of a narrow gully and falls headlong into the
text: steaming waters of a murky, sulphurous stream. The gun falls into
text: the muck. The sound of the pursuing dogs grows louder as he gets to
text: his feet. Gasping with pain as the steaming mud clings to his
dialog: flesh.
text: Shoving his hands into the sulfureous mud to find the gun he is
text: forced to withdraw them quickly before they are cooked by the
text: viscous, almost boiling water. Suddenly, a HYENA-SWINE MAN breaks
text: from the surrounding brush and, seeing Prendick, gives a loud roar.
text: As the creature lunges into the mud Prendick stumbles away,
text: bleeding profusely now from a wound in his scalp.
text: The YELPING of the dogs and Dogmen and a CHATTERING AND A GIBBERING
text: followed by the CRACK of a whip and VOICES.
text: Prendick sets off again, splashing ankle deep through the scalding
text: water, crying out to himself as he runs, seeing the blue line of
text: the ocean now through the trees.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Prendick splashes across the delta and does not stop running until
text: he is up to his knees in salt water, staring out at the setting sun
text: and the unreachable horizon. He turns westward, stumbling along the
text: water's edge.
text: Then, suddenly, far in front of him, he sees figures emerging from
text: the rainforest. Moreau on his horse, then Montgomery, then some of
text: the Dog Men with their snapping charges. They see him and begin
text: advancing.
text: Prendick starts to turn only to see a posse of villagers emerging
text: from the tree line behind him to cut him off.
text: He looks towards the horizon once more and, having nowhere else
text: left, wades straight out into the water.
text: Moreau addresses him from the water's edge.
text: Aissa stands beside him, frightened and confused.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: Mr. Prendick, please...There's no escape from
dialog: here.
text: His eyes wander over the massed ranks, over Aissa and M'Ling,
text: Waggdi and Azazello and further up the beach Assassimon, Kiril and
dialog: the others.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: They were men... But you've mutilated them, made
dialog: slaves of them.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: That's not it at all. You've got it wrong.
text: Prendick shouts at the gathering.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Listen! There's a hundred of you, and two of
dialog: them! You have nothing to fear from them. You
dialog: don't need to obey!
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: Prendick!
text: The islanders seem puzzled, staring wonderingly at Prendick. They
text: edge closer to the tide line and Moreau cracks his whip, causing
text: them to retreat once more.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: These men aren't gods! You have the power to
dialog: free yourselves.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Back off, man. Don't start something that might
text: end in tears.
text: Moreau moves his horse forward. When he is near Prendick he
text: indicates the rifle in its saddle scabbard.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: Mr. Prendick, this rifle is loaded. Please, take
dialog: it.
text: Prendick hesitates.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: Take the rifle and put your mind at ease. We are
dialog: not the enemy. It mustn't appear that there's
dialog: conflict between us.
text: Cautiously, Prendick moves towards him and slips the rifle from the
text: scabbard. He aims it at Moreau who nudges his horse closer.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: (whispering fiercely)
dialog: Those are not men. Do you understand me? They're
text: Chromatic hybrids... experiments in a humanizing
dialog: process. Don't excite them or it could be bad
dialog: for all of us.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: They're animals?
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: Please, Mr. Prendick, they're not without
dialog: sensitivity.
text: Montgomery moves towards them; Prendick swings the rifle to cover
text: them both, but he comes slowly closer.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Eddie, we hunted you for your own good. This
dialog: island is full of... unstable phenomena.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: You might not have survived the night.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: That woman I saw on the operating table...
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: You didn't see a woman. What you saw was not a
dialog: human. You're certainly entitled to ethical
dialog: reservations about our research, but at least
dialog: hear us out.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: C'mon Eddie, stop pointing that thing at my
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: We mean you no harm. Our only intention is to
dialog: get you safely on your way.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Oh, right... but I suppose the COMSAT equipment
text: is still down.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: Yes, it is down. Do you want to know the reason?
dialog: There's been a nuclear exchange between India
dialog: and Pakistan. We heard it on the short wave
dialog: radio.
text: Prendick is stricken.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: All COMSAT communication is restricted to
dialog: military usage.
text: Prendick looks away at the distant sea, trying to imagine the world
text: beyond the island.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: A war?
speaker_heading: MOREAU
text: So far it's only the rumble of a distant storm,
dialog: but it brings a new imperative to our
dialog: survival... to the work we do.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LABORATORY - DUSK
text: Moreau gingerly lifts the vinyl sheet, and Prendick peers down with
text: distaste bordering on revulsion at the mutilated body strapped to
text: the operating table. The automatic is still clutched in his hand.
text: Moreau watches him cooly.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: You tell me, is that human?
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: I don't know what she is.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: Actually, she's a genetic hybrid. We call them
dialog: Chimaeras.
text: Prendick looks uncomprehendingly at him.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Very poetic. What does it mean?
speaker_heading: MOREAU
text: Animals, engineered in the image of humans.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: I've always heard you people are desperate for
dialog: grant money. But animals into humans, don't you
dialog: think that's a reach?
text: Moreau draws the sheet over the woman's remains again and turns
text: away from the operating table; Prendick follows.
dialog: Prendick
dialog: Prendick
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: If I'm to to succeed at improving mandkind, then
dialog: what I create must have human form.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: You'll only succeed in filling tabloid
dialog: headlines. There's no market for home made
dialog: people. Creating these things is immoral.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: War and death generated by the twisted laws of
dialog: nations... is that the moral highground?
text: has no response. Moreau rubs his eyes wearily.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: I can't believe I'm having to explain myself
dialog: like this. Montgomery told me what you did, I
dialog: hoped you believed that humanity can be
dialog: improved?
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: I don't see this as improving it.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: Why not? I've improved other living things...
dialog: created wheat that grows in the Sahara, other
text: plants that kill and eat their own predators.
dialog: Everything has to start with basics, like
dialog: creating a new race without the evil or venality
dialog: of our species.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: This half dissected thing was sacrificed to that
dialog: goal?
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: Growth must be accelerated, centuries of
dialog: evolution compressed into minutes, the process
dialog: takes its toll on the organism.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: And the screams?
speaker_heading: MOREAU
text: Deliberate pain serves only as a training tool.
dialog: It will fall away from us one day, along with
dialog: it's depraved twin, pleasure.
text: gives him a sharp look.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: Why do you doubt me, Mr. Prendick, because you
dialog: failed improve humanity with laws?
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: I only set out to solve a few local problems. I
dialog: leave improvements on the human race to a higher
dialog: authority.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: I choose to believe that authority works through
dialog: me... pushes me to finish my work.
text: Moreau stops by the pen that holds the black leopard from the boat.
text: The animal is comatose now, its belly already hideously distended,
text: kept alive only by nutrients fed directly into its veins by a row
text: of drips.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: I chose this creature for its strength to
text: withstand the rigors of accelerated fetal
dialog: growth.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: It's not doing well. Maybe you chose wrong.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
text: She's being devoured by a fetus growing at over
dialog: fifty times the normal rate. Her life will end
dialog: to give new life. That seems cruel to you
dialog: doesn't it?
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Yes, it does.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: And to me. But I have no choice. My own clock
dialog: runs at accelerated speed. I must finish before
dialog: I'm finished.
dialog: (passionately)
dialog: And I'm close... I'm very close...She's going to
dialog: me my breakthrough. I know it...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LABORATORY - DUSK.
text: Moreau dons a curious pair of goggles. He hands a pair to Prendick.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: Do you know the term nanotechnology?
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: I know enough Greek to know nano means small.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: Very small... It involves mechanically shifting
dialog: things on a molecular level.
text: Moreau demonstrates the laboratory's centerpiece, a combined laser
text: and electron microscope, its needle thin blue beam focused minutely
text: on a tiny slide, its glow bathing the room in an eerie bluegreen
text: luminescence.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: Nanotechnology enables us to isolate and
dialog: transfer specific gene sequences. Then through
dialog: artificial insemination and surrogacy we can
dialog: create hybrids that would be impossible in
dialog: conventional crossbreeding.
text: The beam of the laser moves down into a subatomic world that is
text: suddenly ablaze with light. Rising before them are the spiralling
text: helices of the DNA molecule, the fundamental building block of life
text: spinning in the laser's glare.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: My work will form the basis of a renaissance in genetic
dialog: engineering that will transform the new century.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE LAB - A MONITOR - NIGHT
text: We are watching the early days of the experiment. Moreau, younger
text: now, oversees the work of a chain-smoking behaviorist.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: I won’t bore you with our early efforts.
dialog: Basically we moved through herbivores to
text: carnivores to capitalize on the intelligence
text: that goes with predation. Then, taking a
dialog: gorilla, I made my first "Man".
text: The videotape CUTS to a shaky handheld SHOT of a squat, dark-
text: skinned APE MAN walking on the front lawn, holding hands with
dialog: Moreau.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: Everything our race has forgotten is being found
dialog: again, here on this island as if for the very
dialog: first time. That's Prima, our first real
dialog: success... We took him from the surrogate mother
dialog: at birth and raised him here in the compound.
dialog: Dr. Conway was with me then.
text: Prendick watches now as an attractive chain-smoking woman, DR.
text: CONWAY, submits Prima to a battery of intelligence tests,
text: flashcards, and reading-readiness tests.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: By the age of five, Prima could speak English at
dialog: least as well as the average human child of the
dialog: same age. Conway was incredibly gifted in
text: communicating with him.
text: Dr. Conway holds up a drawing of a suburban street. All appears
text: normal in the picture save for the presence of a car with square
text: wheels and an elegant-looking woman who is strolling down the
text: sidewalk with a tiger on a leash.
scene_heading: DR. CONWAY (ON TAPE)
dialog: Now, Prima, can you see anything wrong with this
dialog: picture?
text: Prima scratches his head.
scene_heading: DR. CONWAY (ON TAPE)
text: Come on, Prima. Big thinks, baby. Big thinks.
text: Prima extends his hand to touch the square wheel but ignores
dialog: the tiger.
speaker_heading: PRIMA (ON TAPE)
dialog: Car?
scene_heading: DR. CONWAY (ON TAPE)
dialog: Ver-ry good!
text: She makes a mark in her notebook, the shadow of a frown crossing
text: her face.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: It's impossible, really, to gauge non-human
dialog: intelligence by human standards.
text: Moreau's eyes shine with intense feeling as he watches Conway on
text: the screen.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: Conway worked tirelessly with them. She was so
dialog: dedicated... inspired.
text: Dr. Conway produces another drawing, a depiction of several
text: objects, a house, a chair, a tree, a flower and a hat.
scene_heading: DR. CONWAY (ON TAPE)
dialog: Now, Prima, which one do you go to when there's
dialog: a storm? When it's wet and raining?
speaker_heading: PRIMA (ON TAPE)
dialog: Tree.
text: He touches the drawing and Dr. Conway shakes her head.
scene_heading: DR. CONWAY (ON TAPE)
dialog: No, Prima. You go to the house when it rains.
text: Prima frowns and bows his head, his shoulders hunched.
speaker_heading: PRIMA (ON TAPE)
dialog: Damn me good.
text: Prima takes one of Dr. Conway’s cigarettes and lights it smoking
text: nervously as though afraid it might be taken from him.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: Today the population of our island stands at
dialog: more than sixty. That's not counting the
text: creatures without human speech or form.
dialog: Altogether I've made more than a hundred and
dialog: twenty, some had to be destroyed.
text: Prendick reacts to this word.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: What happened to Dr. Conway?
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: Dr. Conway died.
text: The video images give way to scenes of carnage, the laboratory
text: floor awash with blood.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: (with difficulty)
dialog: An experiment that got out of control. A thing
text: with a human face that moved like a snake.
text: Incredibly strong, enraged by the pain of its
dialog: creation... It killed her here, then escaped. We
dialog: cornered it and destroyed it in the northern
text: part of the island. In the chaos other creatures
text: escaped as well. Regrettably, there was some
dialog: hybridization beyond my control.
text: Moreau reaches for the remote control and stops the tape.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: Her death was a personal tragedy for me. I must
dialog: see that it wasn't for nothing.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: The people who fund you know nothing of this.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: The Foundation for the Humanities? ...Surely you
dialog: know of them?
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: (bothered)
dialog: They've sponsored UN work involving human rights...
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: Including your own?
text: Prendick says nothing, but it's probably true.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Aren't you ever afraid?
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: Of what?
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: That you’re going too far... That you’ve already
dialog: gone too far.
text: This slightly changes the temperature. Moreau seems from here on to
text: be drifting away from Prendick.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: I was researching. It led this way and I
dialog: followed it. That's what good science is, Mr.
text: Prendick. It takes a man way beyond fear.
text: A feral CHITTERING comes from behind him now and Moreau glances
text: around. On a bookshelf, an arm's reach away, two tiny, hunchbacked
text: mice men, their bodies covered in a fine, brown fur, are squaring
text: off over a mate. One of the mice men picks up a pin and shakes it
text: at his companion, emitting a threatening SQUEAK.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: On occasion I succeed. I bring them very close
dialog: to real humanity. But unless instinct is
dialog: controlled chemically or with pain, the animal
dialog: returns. But I will eventually prevail. Violence
dialog: will be channelled into courage and duty.
dialog: Sexuality transmuted into religious ecstasy. The
text: potential for refinement is limitless.
text: He seems to no longer be speaking to Prendick, or to anybody else.
text: The black leopard WHIMPERS softly from somewhere deep in its
text: trance. Moreau faces Prendick. He seems weary.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: You've heard it all, Mr. Prendick. I have no
dialog: more secrets.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE COMPOUND - DUSK
text: We see a time lapse view of the enclosure as dusk shelves off into
text: night; the Plant People creeping across the lawn, trying to flee
text: the lengthening shadows. Their SINGING gradually dies away and they
text: draw their branches tight around themselves as the night deepens
text: and the lights come on behind them in the big house.
text: The sound of a CNN broadcast can be heard intoning World News.
speaker_heading: CNN(0.S.)
dialog: Reports have put casualties as high as six
text: hundred thousand in what is now the third day of
dialog: continuous conflict...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PRENDICK'S ROOM - DUSK
text: Prendick is on his bed watching a small portable TV on the bedside
text: table. Aissa steps silently into the room. Apparently uninterested
text: in the TV, she watches Prendick.
speaker_heading: CNN(0.S.)
dialog: Emergency sessions of the UN Security Council
dialog: have brought no promise of a truce, but an
dialog: increasing threat that neighboring nations may
dialog: join the conflict. For an on scene assessment we
dialog: go to Molly Zuckerman, in Kabul...
text: Prendick settles back on the bed and Aissa's hand reaches and turns
text: the TV off. He lies in the near darkness over preferring the
text: sighing song of the plants and wild animal noises to the voice from
dialog: the world beyond.
text: As his gaze drifts to the open door of his room, the sight of
text: something brings a trace of smile to his face.
text: Aissa stands at the doorway, watching him in large-eyed silence.
text: Prendick extends his hand. Aissa pads quietly into the room and
text: takes his, gazing down at him on the bed.
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: Are you sad, Prendick?
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Sad?
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: Sad about what has happened in the world you
dialog: came from.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
text: It seems a long way off.
speaker_heading: AISSA
text: It doesn't matter what happens out there.
text: Aissa smiles and gently rubs the back of his hand against her
dialog: cheek.
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: Is there some one you miss?
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: No one special, Aissa.
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: And you no longer wish to runaway... to New
dialog: York?
text: Prendick looks into her eyes.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Sit here.
text: Aissa settles on the bed, still holding Prendick's hand.
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: Even if you don't run away, you will go someday
dialog: and leave me.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Hey, didn't I make you a promise, about New York.
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: That was only to get me to help you. That was a
dialog: lie.
text: Seeing her, feeling her caress, Prendick is very aroused. His
text: gently cups her chin then gently draws her lips to a tender kiss.
text: Their lips part and Prendick whispers softly.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: That was then. This is not a lie.
text: His lips again touch hers. Their mouths open and with the slightest
text: touches of lips and tongue tips they taste each others taste.
text: Prendick sighs as he traces the strange sensual contours of her
dialog: mouth.
text: His hands barely brush the top of her sarong and it drops away
text: revealing small, firm, perfect breasts. Aissa arches her back with
text: a sudden rush of feeling as Prendick's palms gently brush her erect
text: nipples.
text: In sudden arousal, Aissa’s hands search down Prendick's body inside
text: his shirt; agile fingers glide down his chest to find the hairy
text: centerline of his muscular abdomen. He guides her hand further
text: forcing an awareness of his desire. Aissa gasps, perhaps with fear
text: of the unknown or perhaps with instinctual longing.
text: While she kisses him, Prendick's hands settle on her buttocks and
text: he positions her over him. Then, slowly and gently he settles her
text: loins to his own. Aissa whimpers at sensations that are both new
text: and part of her basic desire. Both she and Prendick are caught up
text: and equal in their pleasure. Their movements reflect intense hunger
text: for more of what they both are feeling. Thought is abolished by the
text: frantic pulses of instinct.
text: Prendick's kisses Aissa's shoulders and neck, tasting the flavor
text: and texture of her skin, the soft curves of her musculature. Then
text: his lips find the hard bud of her nipple and the pleasure is beyond
dialog: control.
text: Aissa feels a current course her body. She stretches forward, lying
text: atop Prendick with her arms extended above his head. As she
text: releases a feral cry which excites Prendick's own release, her
text: hands clutch the bedding, her nails extend from her fingers and she
text: draws them down in catlike expression of her orgasm. They have
text: become claws that tear long deep rents in the sheets.
text: A figure, watching from the shadows of the hallway, turns and moves
text: away as the lovers settle, exhausted, into each others arms.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Moreau sits at the piano playing out the gentle layers of
text: Gnossienne No-1, by Satie. His expression is distant, wistful, lost
text: somewhere in his own past.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: The door to the bathroom is open. Prendick watches as Aissa steps
text: from the shower and begins toweling herself dry. As he watches her
text: she licks her palms and runs her hands quickly through her hair in
text: a distinctly cat-like gesture of grooming. Prendick's gaze lowers
text: to the bed, to the rents torn into the bedding by her nails.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Aissa, who was your mother?
text: Aissa answers as she steps into the room.
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: I don't know!
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: You don't know?
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: I don't remember her... He took me away from her
dialog: when I was born. He said she was from Fiji.
text: For an instant her pointed ears are revealed, she shakes her long
text: hair down over her shoulders, covering them. She looks down at him,
dialog: nervously.
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: Why do you ask me this?
text: Prendick says nothing.
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: I'm as human as you are!
text: Prendick looks at her, unable to eliminate the question of her
text: origins from his mind.
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: (deeply earnest, in tears)
dialog: Prendick. I love you. Is this the way an animal
dialog: behaves? Do animals cry?
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: I don't know, Aissa. But I'm not sure it matters.
text: He reaches out to her and holds her. As she cuddles in his arms she
dialog: speaks.
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: He will never use me like he has used the others. If I am
dialog: ever pregnant it will be by you.
text: Off Prendick's look.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE VERANDAH - NIGHT
text: Like characters from a Conrad novel, Montgomery and Moreau are
text: finishing drinks. M'Ling comes out with a tray. As he takes up
text: their glasses, Moreau preps a cheroot.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: Personally, I think that what goes on in that
text: village like some grotesque cartoon of the human
dialog: condition.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Being a bit hard on them, don't you think?
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: I'd rather he hadn't seen it.
text: M'Ling, having cleared the drinks, lights Moreau's cigar then
text: shambles into the house with his tray.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: I'd rather he'd drowned. There was no reason to
dialog: turn the launch back. But you ordered it.
text: Moreau smiles at him.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: It never hurts to have a fresh view on what one
dialog: does and thinks. I was intrigued when you told
dialog: me what he did, I thought he could bring and
dialog: interesting perspective to our work.
text: Aissa moves quietly from a side door of the house. She pauses by
text: the vegetation which surrounds the veranda and listens.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: He can bring us a shitload of trouble. I don't
dialog: see him just going on his way and sending us the
dialog: occasional postcard.
text: AisSa strains to hear them.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: I agree, his leaving the island could be
dialog: problematic.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
text: His staying is a problem too. He's knocking toes
dialog: with Aissa.
text: Moreau's eyebrows go up in exaggerated surprise.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: Oh, now I know why he suddenly bothers you.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: I'd remind you, she's your daughter.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: Yes, there's much of me in her. But mainly
dialog: because of a shortage of genetic material. I'm
dialog: fond of her, but that's all, just fond. The day
dialog: will come when she'll be useful as a surrogate.
dialog: Perhaps he could b e useful too... a fresh
text: source of uncorrupted DNA.
text: Aissa winces as she hears this.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: So his is "Uncorrupted DNA"... Not very subtle
dialog: are we, Moreau?
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: I'm not being judgmental but I think all those
dialog: drugs have left a mark on you.
text: Montgomery stares ahead in obvious jealous rage.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: Easy now, Monty. If I could have engineered her
dialog: sexual preference, I'd have put her in your
dialog: arms.
text: A gong sounds off screen. Moreau rises.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
text: It's dinner time.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Moreau sits at the head of the long table which has been laid for
dialog: dinner,
text: holding a cigar. Prendick sits across from him, while
text: Montgomery sits somewhere between them.
dialog: Prendick
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: Our islanders have been given speech, the
dialog: beginnings of a society, morality, laws...
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: That chanting is a legal system.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
text: Admittedly it's primitive but it's a beginning.
dialog: I invite you to improve on it.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: I'll leave the drafting of your Bill of Rights
text: to someone else.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Eddie only wants to be involved here in a very
dialog: selective way.
text: senses Montgomery's hostility.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: I'm sorry Mr. Prendick declines my offer. But I
dialog: can create in the laboratory an innate a respect
dialog: for law. Which is the first facet of a whole and
dialog: healthy society.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: A whole and healthy society. This place doesn't
dialog: really have that look.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Don't worry Eddie. Later we'll really jazz them
dialog: up... color co-ordinate them and accesorize
dialog: them, you won't be able to tell the little
dialog: buggers from anybody else you'd run into at the
dialog: mall.
text: (He looks toward the door)
dialog: In fact there's a look you don't mind.
text: Moreau and Prendick turn to see Aissa emerge awkwardly from the
text: study door, followed by Azazello and M'Ling, who carries a steaming
text: platter of curiously colored vegetables.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: Ah, darling. Please come and join us.
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: (slightly cool)
dialog: Thank you, father.
text: Aissa seats herself at the table, her eyes downcast.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: Vegetables, Mr. Prendick? Our own produce. We
dialog: are all vegetarians here.
text: As Moreau speaks, Azazello lays a silver serving dish on the table
text: and lifts the lid to reveal an ill-cooked rabbit resting on a bed
dialog: of herbs.
text: Moreau's eyebrows go up. He flashes a look at Montgomery.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: Montgomery, couldn't this have waited?
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: You said I could use my discretion.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: Your indulgence was to be personal, not shared.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: I felt generous. I think sharing the rabbit is a
dialog: very civilized gesture, don't you Eddie?
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: No doubt about it. Actually you shared one you
dialog: don't know about. It was in the undergrowth at
text: the back of the enclosure with its head torn
dialog: off.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: (alarmed and angry)
dialog: Torn off? Hear that, Montgomery.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: I swear. None of them saw me kill.
text: Prendick picks up on the rift between them.
dialog: Prendick
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Just before I found the rabbit, I saw a man
text: drinking from the stream.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: Sucking his drink?
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
text: Slurping it right up. Down on all fours.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
text: After a kill they drink. It sweetens the salt
dialog: taste of blood...
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Well, there's another carnivore out of the
dialog: closet. So much for the Law and control of baser
dialog: instincts, Moreau.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: (to Montgomery)
dialog: With you for a role model, I'm not surprised.
dialog: (to Prendick)
dialog: This man you saw, would you know him again?
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: Lo-Mai! It was Lo-Mai who drank from the stream.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: Thank you, Sweetheart. I thought so... Well,
dialog: we'll have to make an example of him.
speaker_heading: AISSA
text: (fiercely, rapidly, under her
dialog: breath like a catechism)
dialog: Punishment is swift and sure!
text: stares at her.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: I've had my eye on Lo-Mai for awhile. He's been
text: sloping off with the Hyena- Swine and making all
dialog: kinds of trouble. We'll call a special assembly
dialog: tomorrow. Mr. Prendick, identify him. I'll ask
dialog: you to formally.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Forget it. Leave me out of this.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: You're a witness, man. Consider yourself
text: subpoenaed.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: (passionately)
dialog: I'm afraid I can't leave you out of it. Just
dialog: being here makes you one of us.
text: Moreau stubs out his cigar and gets to his feet.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: If they get a taste for blood, we're finished.
text: Moreau leaves the room, exchanging a covert conspiratorial look
text: with M'Ling. Aissa follows.
text: Montgomery glances at Prendick, who is picking uneasily at the
dialog: rabbit.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: How's the rabbit?
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
text: A little pink.
text: But Prendick's eyes are on Azazello who is standing in the study
text: door, licking his hands, clearly excited by this new and
text: dangerously addictive taste.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE COMPOUND - NIGHT
text: Prendick walks out onto the steps of the veranda. He stares out at
text: the distant moonlit sea. Hearing something, he turns and Aissa
text: approaches. He smiles, but her expression is dark. Seeing her eyes
text: which have the faintest trace of glow, Prendick reacts.
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: Why do you look at me like that?
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Nothing...I...
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: You mustn't trust them... They are bad men.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Why do you say that?
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: They lie. I have heard them.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: What did they lie about?
text: Aissa steps close to him.
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: They will not let you leave, ever. They will use
dialog: you. They use everyone.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Aissa, do you know how to use the radio?
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: M'ling knows...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE RADIO HUT - NIGHT
text: M'Ling sits hunched over a two-way radio, wearing an ill-fitting
text: set of headphones and barking into the transmitter.
speaker_heading: M'LING
dialog: This is Biostation Echo Rio Delta calling on all
dialog: channels. Come in? Is anyone receiving me?
text: Prendick, seated beside him waits, but nothing comes. Aissa watches
text: from the background.
speaker_heading: M'LING
text: There's nothing but static. Been that way for
dialog: five days.
text: Montgomery's voice suddenly booms from the back of the shack.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Unless we're jamming our own radio to keep you
dialog: from leaving.
text: M'ling looks suddenly terrified. Aissa backs away and Montgomery
text: steps up to the radio set.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: You've got some real paranoia going, Eddie. Ever
dialog: think maybe there's nothing out there anymore...
dialog: Maybe we've really gone and done it this time.
dialog: Maybe we're the only ones left. You and me and
dialog: the Doc.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: And Aissa.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Yeah, let's include her. We'll need a female
dialog: entity to start it up again.
dialog: (He turns to Aissa)
dialog: Post-nuclear family values is what we're after
dialog: here.
text: Aissa backs out the door and M'ling retreats to the shadows then
text: out to the surrounding jungle. Montgomery faces Prendick.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: They're always a bit fearful. In my opinion the
text: veggies have corrupted the old man's seed.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: They're both his children.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: All his children. Since all I do is drag my big
text: muddy boots in and out of the temple of my body,
dialog: I guess he figures my DNA wasn't all there.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Who was Aissa's mother?
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Given the oddities of this place it's an amazing
dialog: thing to speculate about, isn't it?
text: Montgomery proffers a joint. Prendick is so preoccupied that he
text: takes a deep drag without realizing it.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: There you go, man. Isn't that better than taking
dialog: all this shit on the natch?
text: Prendick turns towards the door, stepping out into the night He's
text: deeply troubled.
scene_heading: EXT. THE VERANDAH - NIGHT
text: Aissa is waiting for Prendick in the shadows beside the door. As he
text: approaches, she glances up at him, her eyes study glistening.
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: What did he tell you?
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: who?
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: Montgomery. What did he say about me?
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: He told you I'm one of them, didn't he?
text: Prendick looks hard at her.
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: Some kind of animal.
text: Aissa makes a movement that is terrifyingly cat-like, her hands
text: flying towards Prendick's face. He grabs her wrists. She calms
text: instantly.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Aissa, we've got to get off of this island.
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: We can steal the launch.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: It's three or four days to New Guinea. We'll
dialog: need diesel and food and water.
speaker_heading: AISSA
text: I can get food. There's diesel in the storeroom.
dialog: Tomorrow night there will be big screen after
dialog: the play. Everyone will be there. That would be
dialog: the time.
text: Aissa touches the remote on a CD and the romantic ballad heard
text: earlier begins.
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: Stay with me tonight, Prendick...
text: (She takes his hand.)
dialog: My Five Man. We still have time.
text: She moves closer. Prendick touches her face, and she draws him
text: gently into her embrace.
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: Dance with me. Nothing else matters now.
text: And for a while they dance together in the narrow puddle of light
text: at one end of the long verandah. The power of Aissa's close
text: physical presence seems to overwhelm Prendick's concern; He looks
text: into her eyes with an intensity and tenderness that seems beyond
text: his control. Slowly, he surrenders to it; with one hand he gently
text: strokes her hair, lifts her head back and kisses her softly, then
text: deeply, while beyond in the tropical night, the howling of some
text: great, unseen beast rises now to greet the moon.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE COMPOUND - DAY
text: Moreau's flag, the emblem of the Tree of Life, billows against the
text: blazing blue sky. The sound of a HORN; followed by a mounting
text: CLAMOR of bestial voices.
text: Moreau stands on a wooden rostrum beneath the flagpole the horn
text: raised to his lips, Prendick, Montgomery, and M'Ling flanking him.
text: Waggdi, Azazello and the other Dog Men are posted around the base
text: of the rostrum on crowd control duty.
text: At the sound of the horn, the Beast Folk bow on their knees and
text: elbows and begin flinging dust over their heads. Montgomery,
text: clipboard in hand, checks them off one by one.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Sixty-two, sixty-three... We're coming up short
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
text: There are four more.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: I don't see Lo-Mai.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: No big surprise there, buddy.
text: Moreau sounds the HORN again and the Beast Folk writhe and grovel
text: with renewed fervor. Then, slinking through the main gate, comes
text: Lo-Mai and the HYENA-SWINE followed by Assassimon, dressed in white
text: linen trousers. The other animals shoot vicious glances at him.
text: Moreau passes the horn to M'Ling.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: Silence!
text: The Beast Folk sit back on their haunches now and rest from their
text: worshipping.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: Where is my Sayer of the Law?
text: The horned man bows his face to the dust.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: Say the words.
text: SAYER OF THE LAW
dialog: Not to go on all fours; that is the Law.
text: The kneeling assembly recites the words after him swaying from side
text: to side and striking up the dust with their hands.
speaker_heading: ALL (CHORUS)
dialog: Not to go on all-fours; that is the Law. Are we
dialog: not men? Not to slurp up drink, that is the Law.
dialog: Are we not men? Not to eat flesh nor fish; that
dialog: is the Law. Are we not men?
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: STOP!
text: Silence falls at once.
text: The Beast Folk know what's coming and glance furtively at one
text: another, a feeling of dread creeping over the assembly.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: That Law has been broken.
text: SAYER OF THE LAW
dialog: None escape!
speaker_heading: ALL (CHORUS)
dialog: None escape!
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: Who is he?
text: Moreau CRACKS his whip for effect as Lo-Mai and the Hyena-Swine
text: glance at each other nervously.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: WHO IS HE?
text: SAYER OF THE LAW
dialog: Evil is he who breaks the Law!
text: Moreau meets Lo-Mai's gaze, looking him steadfastly in the eye.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: Whoever breaks the Law goes back to the House of
dialog: Pain.
speaker_heading: ALL (CHORUS)
dialog: Back to the House of Pain! Back to the House of
dialog: Pain, O Master!
speaker_heading: AZAZELLO
dialog: (pathetically, eagerly)
dialog: Back to the House of Pain! Back to the House of
dialog: Pain!
text: Moreau turns his attention to Lo-Mai once more.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: Do you hear?
text: The terrified Leopard Man springs to his feet now and leaps
text: desperately towards the rostrum, his eyes aflame, a row of ivory
text: fangs flashing out from beneath his curling lips.
text: Waggdi raises his cattle prod to block the Leopard Man's path, but
text: Lo-Mai sweeps him aside, sending him sprawling to the dust, yelping
text: and clutching at his bleeding snout.
text: Azazello and the Hyena-Swine are watching with expressions of pure
text: malice on their faces. They turn to one another conspiratorially.
text: Lo-Mai mounts the rostrum, coming face to face now with Moreau who
text: resolutely stands his ground. Moreau looks into the Leopard Man's
text: eyes, and it is as if he is looking into his very soul.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: My son...
text: Then with a snarl Lo-Mai lunges at Moreau, but Azazello strikes him
text: down with his cattle prod. He cringes, trying to protect himself as
text: the Dog Men surround him. Azazello pins his arms behind his back
text: while Waggdi grabs him vengefully by the hair, pulling his head
text: back so that Moreau can look him in the face once more.
text: The Hyena-Swine has been joined by other Chimaera, who are watching
text: with threatening expressions. Assassimon looks on with something
text: close to pity.
text: Lo-Mai's eyes are wide and glazed with fear.
speaker_heading: LO-MAI
dialog: (imploringly)
dialog: Father...
text: Moreau pats Lo-Mai's head soothingly.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: It's all right, my son. I forgive you for
dialog: everything.
text: With one fluid motion, Moreau draws his revolver and puts it to Lo-
text: Mai's head, squeezing the trigger. There is a deafening concussion
text: and the Leopard Man falls. Assassimon, the Hyena-Swine and other
text: Chimeras recoil as if they've been shot too.
text: For a moment, all is quiet.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: (almost to himself, with bitterness)
dialog: He's with the program now...he's really a
dialog: believer now, man...
text: Moreau gives him a hard look, then looks to the Sayer of the Law.
text: SAYER OF THE LAW
dialog: The gun has spoken! It is good!
speaker_heading: AZAZELLO
dialog: Hallelujah!
text: Assassimon, the Hyena-Swine and the Chimaera standing with them are
text: looking on with undisguised hatred now.
text: Prendick looks in mounting horror from Azazello, who is already
text: bending over Lo-Mai's twitching body as if excited by the smell of
text: his blood, to Moreau who stands over them, the smoking gun in his
text: hand, his white suit specked with blood, his eyes filled with cold
text: fire, the VOICES of the chanting congregation rising around him.
speaker_heading: ALL (CHORUS)
dialog: His is the hand that wounds! His is the hand
dialog: that heals! flash! His is the lightning His is
dialog: the House of Pain!
text: Prendick stares in horror.
text: Assassimon, the Hyena-Swine and the others look meaningfully at
dialog: each other.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE COMPOUND - MID-AFTERNOON
text: Prendick stands waist-high in a field of marijuana plants watching
text: as the ball game gets under way on the front lawn, Assassimon
text: coming up to bat. Beside him, Azazello and Montgomery, his long
text: hair tied back by a greasy bandana, are busy watering the plants.
text: There is a CRACK of wood against horsehide, followed by a
text: spattering of APPLAUSE and Montgomery glances up in time to see the
text: Monkey Man reaching first base.
text: Montgomery plucks a joint from his bandana and fires it up.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
text: Assassimon's in his element. Fantastic
text: knuckleball. But then, look at his knuckles. Oh
dialog: shit. Here comes trouble.
text: Prendick follows Montgomery's gaze, to see Kiril and the Hyena-
text: Swine wading towards them through the marijuana field.
speaker_heading: KIRIL
dialog: Hail, to the Other with the whip.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Hail to you, too. There's a Third with a whip
dialog: now, so you'd better watch yourself.
scene_heading: HYENA- SWINE
dialog: Was he not made? He said... he said he was made.
speaker_heading: KIRIL
text: The Third with the whip, he that walks weeping
text: into the sea, has a long thin face.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
text: He has a long thin whip, and it hurts.
speaker_heading: KIRIL
dialog: Yesterday he bled and wept.
scene_heading: HYENA- SWINE
dialog: You never bleed or weep. The Master does not
dialog: bleed or weep.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: You'll fucking bleed and weep if you don't shut
dialog: up!
text: He turns away, passing the joint to Azazello. The Dog Man smokes it
text: greedily.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: You think that's a good idea?
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: I don't know. Maybe I'm too liberal...
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: I don't think you know what you're doing. That
dialog: was a crazy fucking thing, showing Azazello how
dialog: to skin and gut a rabbit.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Well, shit... It's not like he killed the damned
dialog: thing. He gets to have a few perks, too. He
dialog: works hard. Don't you Azazello, old sock, old
dialog: buddy... you’re a goddamned good old son-of-a-
dialog: bitch.
text: He scratches Azazello behind the ear, calling him jocular names as
text: the Dog Man fawns on him in extraordinary delight.
speaker_heading: AZAZELLO
dialog: Yes, yes, most certainly so, Master.
text: Azazello passes the joint to the Hyena-Swine.
speaker_heading: KIRIL
dialog: The Law says you must not destroy life.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Yeah, that's right. You know it is.
speaker_heading: KIRIL
dialog: None must not take another life but you... By
dialog: the water...You.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: I what? You fuzzy bastard!
text: Kiril makes the motion of breaking the rabbit's neck and gives an
text: incredibly accurate imitation of its scream.
text: There is an awkward silence as Montgomery meets Kiril's gaze,
text: Hyena-Swine watching them intently. Behind them the BISON MAN steps
text: onto the pitcher's mound. Going to the plate, Assassimon holds the
text: bat unsteadily in his hands.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Are you judging me? Are you fucking daring to
dialog: compare yourself to me?
speaker_heading: KIRIL
dialog: No, no! Everyone does it sometime, I turn over a
text: rock once in a while and lap up an insect or
dialog: two.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Insects don't really count. Everybody kills them.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Yeah. But we don't all necessarily eat them.
text: The Bison Man pitches the ball at Assassimon, striking him in the
text: head with a resounding CRACK.
speaker_heading: BISON MAN
dialog: Howzat !
text: There is a raucous clamoring of JEERS AND APPLAUSE as Waggdi and
text: the Sloth Man pick up Assassimon's twitching body and carry him off
dialog: the field.
speaker_heading: BISON MAN
dialog: How was that?
text: Prendick turns his eyes towards the middle distance where
text: Assassimon lies in the arms of the FOX LADY, while the Sloth Man
text: dabs ineffectually at his bleeding head. Out on the field, with the
text: game interrupted, the Bison Man starts to run around and around the
text: bases, a relentless force of nature scuffing up dust in the lazy
text: afternoon air.
text: He looks to the Hyena-Swine, who is watching him with a barely
text: concealed menace.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE COMPOUND - DUSK
text: Prendick stares out across the compound towards the jetty and the
text: launch that will take him to freedom; beyond, the fiery rim of the
text: setting sun. Then he sees the figure of Moreau in his white suite
text: standing at the end of the jetty, his eyes turned towards the same
text: horizon. A small posse of Beast Folk crouch at a respectful
text: distance behind him, watching in bewilderment as if incapable of
text: understanding what holds their master's attention.
text: Prendick is filled with sympathy, almost awe, as he watches
text: Moreau's lonely, terrifying courage.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE JETTY - DUSK
text: Waggdi comes loping up to Moreau and bows before him.
speaker_heading: WAGGDI
dialog: You must come at once, Master. The contractions
dialog: have started.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: Thank you, Waggdi. See that the entertainments
dialog: begin on time.
text: Waggdi turns and lopes away, happy on his errand. Moreau turns away
text: from the setting sun and, for a moment, his mask slips, the
text: weariness in his eyes showing through. Then his face hardens and he
text: starts back towards the house.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE GUEST ROOM - DUSK
text: Aissa sits in front of the dressing table mirror. She closely
text: examines her face. She appears distressed as her finger touches a
text: small cluster of catlike whiskers that has begun to grow from her
dialog: cheek.
text: She frowns and picks up a heavy tweezer. In what is obviously
text: painful she plucks them out, then daubs away a spot of blood with a
dialog: tissue.
text: There comes a knock at the door and she turns with a start.
text: The door opens a crack to admit Waggdi's snout.
speaker_heading: WAGGDI
dialog: You're on in five.
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: Thank you, Waggdi.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE COMPOUND - NIGHT
text: A performance of "Alice" is under way before a small crowd. The
text: Sayer of the Law in his Moreau mask is shaking his rattle at
text: Azazello who crouches on his haunches before the small portable
text: screen from the Nissan hut.
text: Aissa faces Azazello whose face is painted in a Cheshire Cat's huge
text: grin. Prendick looks on from the back of the crowd.
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: What sort of people live here?
speaker_heading: AZAZELLO
text: To the right lives a Hatter, to the left a March
dialog: hare. You can visit either if you like. They're
dialog: both quite mad.
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: But I don't want to go among mad people.
speaker_heading: AZAZELLO
dialog: Can't be helped. We're all mad here. I'm mad.
dialog: You're mad.
text: There are some nervous giggles from the audience.
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: How do you know that I'm mad?
speaker_heading: AZAZELLO
dialog: You must be or you wouldn't have come.
text: Aissa looks to Prendick, catching his eye for a moment. He smiles
text: at her. Azazello notices the interchange, and smiles obscenely
text: within the exaggerated Cheshire smile. His next line carries a
text: trace of menace.
speaker_heading: AZAZELLO
dialog: This place demands madness.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE LABORATORY - NIGHT
text: The convulsing body of the black leopard is strapped to the
text: operating table, ringed by Moreau, Montgomery, Waggdi, and another
text: of the Dog Men, all of them clad now in surgical masks and gowns.
text: Montgomery leans over the animal, then glances up at Moreau, sweat
text: beading his forehead.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: We've got to cut her, Doc. We've got no choice.
text: Moreau nods and looks to Waggdi.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: Caesarean, Waggdi. Scalpel.
text: Waggdi hands him the blade and, bending over the stricken animal,
text: the doctor begins the operation.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE VERANDAH - NIGHT
text: Prendick and Aissa standing at one end of the lon talking in hushed
text: voices as Prendick checks their bundles.
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: How was I?
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Terrific. You were the best "Alice" I've ever
dialog: seen.
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: And how many Alices have you seen?
text: He holds her by the shoulders.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: It's time, let's go.
text: Aissa shoulders her bundle and follows him on tiptoe through the
text: study door.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE COMPOUND - NIGHT
text: A screen is set up for a CD ROM projection system.
text: Azazello punches a keyboard and shouts.
speaker_heading: AZAZELLO
dialog: Yaba daba doo!
text: The "animated" Fred Flintsone appears on the screen and echoes the
text: shout which is then excitedly repeated by the gathering. As Fred
text: reacts to something off screen, Azazello pushes another key and --
text: A colorized clip from the film "Blonde Venus.' A dancing gorilla on
text: the stage of a thirties nightclub.
text: The audience GASPS in awe as the gorilla delicately removes its
text: head, revealing itself to be Marlene Dietrich. Then, before their
text: widening eyes, she strips off the rest of her gorilla suit and
text: launches into a song called "Hot Voodoo." The beast people watch,
text: transfixed.
text: Giggling with barely contained excitement, Azazello punches wildly
text: at a keyboard and—
text: Godzilla appears. To gasps and applause he begins destroying Tokyo.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE LABORATORY - NIGHT
text: The black leopard is close to death now, a gaping wound in its
text: abdomen pinned open by surgical clamps as Moreau reaches inside it
dialog: to retrieve its premature offspring.
speaker_heading: WAGGDI
text: The incubator is ready, Master.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: Alright, I'm going in.
text: He turns his attention to the large throbbing life form that is
text: still coiled within its mother's dying shell. Moreau reaches down,
text: cutting into the membrane. He has performed a hundred similar
text: operations but even he is unprepared for what comes next.
text: There is a terrible, wet tearing SOUND and something upwards from
text: the incision, lunging towards Moreau. A explodes malformed,
text: squealing thing, bifurcated, far bigger than it should be, its
text: skinless snout opening wide to reveal a double row of jagged teeth.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE COMPOUND - NIGHT
text: Prendick and Aissa struggle with jerry cans of diesel to the
text: flatbed truck. When they have humped the last of the cans, Prendick
text: goes to the cab.
text: Aissa stands watch beside the open door as Prendick puts his
text: beneath the dashboard of the flatbed. There are sparks as he begins
text: hot wiring the truck.
text: There is a low GROWL and the flatbed RUMBLES into life causing
text: Prendick to sit up too suddenly, banging his head on the dashboard.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Let's go!
text: Suddenly, both of them freeze, hearing the sounds of SCREAMS and
text: BREAKING GLASS coming from the laboratory. Prendick turns towards
text: the Nissan hut in time to see one of the Dog Men appear in its
text: lighted doorway. The figure is drenched in blood, its eyes wide and
text: terrified. It makes as if to step towards Prendick but then with a
text: ROAR something red and half glimpsed brings him down. The Dog Man
text: SCREAMS, hanging onto the doorframe for a moment. Then, with an
text: awful RENDING SOUND he loses his grasp and is dragged SCREAMING
text: back into the laboratory. An instant later his screams are cut
text: short and low, bloodcurdling SNARL ripples across the courtyard.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Get back!
text: Aissa retreats into the safety of the big house and Prendick is
text: just starting back towards the flatbed when the hunched shape of
text: something not unlike a huge, flayed cat appears in the laboratory
text: doorway, walking on its hind legs and slowly pulling itself to its
text: full height, its talons glistening with blood. It stretches itself
text: and Prendick's mind reels as he sees that the creature seems to be
text: actually growing in bulk before his very eyes, its muscles rippling
text: in the half light.
text: He reaches for the door of the flatbed but the Chimaera sees him
text: now and launches itself at him with the speed of an express train,
text: its nostrils flaring.
text: He catches a fleeting glimpse of an awful face, not human, not
text: animal. Prendick flings up one arm to defend himself but the
text: Chimaera flings him headlong, wafer thin talons laying open his
text: chest and forearm.
text: He rolls over and over, his hands clasped over his head. A volley
text: of shots is heard. Then the beast is gone, bounding towards the
text: main gate. Prendick tries to sit up and then collapses again.
text: Moreau comes running up, a rifle in his hands, his white face dewed
text: with blood.
text: There is a loud CRASH of rending metal and the night is lit up for
text: a moment by an explosion of sparks from the electrified fence.
text: Moreau stops in his tracks and Montgomery joins him, breathless and
text: clutching an automatic in one hand.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
text: It's gone through the perimeter... Waggdi! Sound
dialog: the alarm!
text: Moreau and Waggdi both make a dash for the big house while
text: Montgomery kneels beside Prendick, examining the lacerations in his
text: chest and arm.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Jesus Christ, Eddie, that thing is loose... It's
dialog: unbelievably strong...
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: (groaning)
dialog: Yeah, tell me about it...
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Let me see that... Oh Jesus... you gotta get
dialog: some disinfectant on these... Aissa!
text: Aissa, who is cowering in the doorway of the big house, snaps to
dialog: attention.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Get the first aid kit! Fast!
text: Aissa ducks back into the house and Prendick grimaces, closing his
text: eyes.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
text: Ah fuck... I feel like I'm on fire...
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Just hold on, buddy.
text: Prendick grinds his teeth together as Aissa runs to him, carrying
text: the First-Aid kit. Montgomery swabs his wounds with antiseptic.
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: Hold still.
text: Aissa presses her hands against Prendick's forehead.
text: There is a CLATTER OF HOOVES and Moreau goes riding past on his
text: white horse, hunting rifle slung over one shoulder, a pack of
text: BARKING Dog Men brandishing cattle prods following at his heels. He
text: sees Montgomery attending to Prendick.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: Never mind him! Leave him!
text: Montgomery starts up, abandoning Prendick for a moment.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Wait! I'll come! It's too dangerous!
text: Moreau glances back at him and there is something in his face,
text: white as a death's head in the moonlight, that causes Montgomery to
text: fall silent.
text: Moreau turns away, the Dog Men spurring his horse towards the main
text: gate, running at his heels, in dismay. Montgomery staring after him
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE GUEST ROOM - NIGHT
text: Montgomery and Aissa lower Prendick onto the bed.
text: He is naked now, sweat standing out on his forehead, his chest and
text: arm swathed in bandages. He tries to open his eyes, wincing as if
text: blinded by the yellow flare of the paraffin lamp.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: God... why is that light so bright?
text: Seeing the hypodermic Prendick starts to react as Montgomery slides
text: a needle into his forearm.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Easy Eddie, you're in shock... There...
text: Prendick relaxes as Montgomery gets up and starts hastily towards
text: the door.
text: Aissa touches his face, soothing him as the drugs draw a chemical
text: curtain across his pain. He sighs, looking up at her, haloed by the
text: hallucinatory glare of the lantern. She smiles, taking his hand and
text: placing it against her bosom.
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: Sleep, Prendick. My poor Five-Man. I will make
dialog: you well. Sleep...
text: Aissa lies beside him, forming herself cat-like against him.
text: He slowly draws an arm over her.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE ISLAND - DAWN
text: A seething, volcanic sun rises above the rim of the earth SOUND OF
text: A HORN and the BAYING OF HOUNDS rising to greet it the from below
text: the canopy of the rainforest.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE RAINFOREST - MORNING
text: A flock of parrots scatter in dismay as a line of Beast People come
text: CRASHING through a cane break, beating the foliage to drive out
dialog: their quarry.
text: Moreau follows at a distance on horseback, Waggdi walking fast
text: beside him.
text: Up ahead the undergrowth quivers and Waggdi freezes, sniffing the
dialog: air.
speaker_heading: WAGGDI
dialog: He’s close, Master. I smell him. Just a breath
dialog: away.
text: Moreau reigns his steed to a halt, cocking the hunting rifle.
text: Waggdi steps forward towards the wall of greenery, his cattle prod
text: raised defensively. He reaches out to touch the crushed leaves and
text: when he draws back his fingers they are sticky with drying blood.
text: He turns to Moreau, nodding his head as if to signal him, but at
text: that instant the wall of the rainforest erupts behind him.
text: With an ear-splitting SHRIEK the Chimaera plunges from its hiding
text: place, wrenching Waggdi from his feet.
text: The horse rears in panic, and Moreau is flung backwards from his
text: saddle. He strikes a tree trunk, landing awkwardly, the breath
text: driven from him, the hunting rifle still clenched in his hands.
text: His horse bolts past him.
text: Waggdi screams, his cattle prod, trying to fend off the Chimaera's
text: jaws with but the creature drags him down, tightening its coils
text: remorselessly around him.
text: Moreau regains his feet, levelling the rifle as the Chimaera begins
text: to ingest the struggling Dog Man. He catches a last glimpse of
text: Waggdi's bulging eyes, curiously calm now as if hypnotized by the
text: immensity of what is happening to him. His body spasms and, with a
text: HISS, the Chimaera casts him aside, turning its attention now
text: towards Moreau.
text: Moreau meets its gaze and the creature hesitates, fear sparking in
text: its eyes. Then it raises its bifurcated snout and HOWLS.
text: Moreau shivers, his expression faltering as the full pain and
text: horror of what he has created comes home to him.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: God... Forgive me...
text: There is a terrible pity in his eyes now.
text: The rifle wavers in his hands.
text: Then with a feral snarl the Chimaera launches itself at him. He
text: pulls the trigger and the rifle jumps in his hands, punching a hole
text: the size of a fist in the beast's torso. The creature is upon him
text: before he can get off another round, driving the rifle from his
text: hands, its jaws closing on his body from side to side as it savages
dialog: him.
text: Moreau goes limp and the creature drops him, gathering itself to
text: full height, bellowing in mindless rage. Moreau's eyes flicker
text: open, hazy with shock. His good hand goes to his holster, drawing
text: his pistol, his eyes calm as he looks the Chimaera in the face,
text: seeing the beast's glistening jaws widen before him.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: Thy will be done.
text: The beast pounces and he raises his gun. Plunging it into the
text: gaping maw, he fires.
text: The Chimaera shrieks, rearing backwards, its maimed head lashing
text: from side to side. Then, its rage spent, it relinquishes its brief
text: tenure on life, crumpling to the forest floor with a final hiss,
text: pinning Moreau beneath the quivering carcass.
text: The doctor groans, dragging himself from beneath the fallen
text: creature and trying to stand but his legs give out and he falls to
text: his knees. Looking up he sees a row of impossibly gaudy parrots
text: regarding him from a branch above. He sighs as if overwhelmed by
dialog: the terrible fertility of the island.
text: Gazing around he sees that a silent ring of Beast Folk have emerged
text: from the shadows and stand watching him. In their dull animal gaze
text: is silent brooding contempt. Cudgels and machetes are clutched in
text: their misshapen hands.
text: Moreau recognizes Azazello, the Boar Man and the Hyena-Swine
text: amongst the ranks and reaches out to them with a blood streaked
text: hand, motioning them to come nearer.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: Help me...
scene_heading: HYENA- SWINE
text: The master bleeds.
speaker_heading: AZAZELLO
text: If he bleeds he can die.
scene_heading: HYENA- SWINE
dialog: He can die?
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: Help me... for the love of God.
scene_heading: HYENA- SWINE
dialog: Do you love me father? Do you love your son?
text: The Hyena-Swine pads across the clearing towards Moreau, its
text: hackles rising, its tiny, pig like eyes sparkling with bloodlust. A
text: machete glints in its hand.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: I love you.
scene_heading: HYENA- SWINE
dialog: Then let your son embrace you.
text: Moreau bows his head.
speaker_heading: MOREAU
dialog: Children of the law...forgive me...
scene_heading: HYENA- SWINE
dialog: Law no more!
text: The machete swings in a gleaming arc and the good doctor's body
text: falls to the waiting earth. The Hyena-Swine raises the machete,
text: seeing the master's blood glistening in the tropical sunshine.
scene_heading: HYENA- SWINE
dialog: Now I am God.
text: He licks Moreau's blood from the blade and begins giggling
text: hysterically while his comrades abandoning their fear close in and
text: beat the doctor's fallen body. Taking up the Hyena-Swine's chant
text: they release years of rage in animal savagery.
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: Law no more! Law no more!
text: The parrots shift nervously on their perches taking flight one by
text: one as the beast folk dance in bizarre celebration around Moreau's
text: body. The birds rise up through the leafy canopy of the trees to
text: the sky and the heavens beyond.
text: Afterwards, something like snowflakes falls and melts in the
text: Pacific sun and the distant thunder of an approaching storm rumbles
text: over the scene.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE GUEST ROOM - DAY
text: THUNDER crashes outside and warm rain squalls against the glass.
text: Aissa turns over, kissing Prendick on the forehead.
text: He opens his eyes and she smiles at him.
text: He looks at her, and his eyes widen.
text: Some strange reversion has begun; The imperfect upper-lip has
text: become exaggerated, and a distinct fur-like down appeared has on
text: her face, but she is nonetheless still beautiful.
text: Prendick stares. She draws him close and he kisses her again. His
text: face is guided by her hands down to her breasts. His lips find her
text: nipples and she twists with arousal, then she guides his face
text: further down her body to another set of breasts, vestigial buds
text: that have erupted on the smooth skin of her torso.
text: Prendick reacts, balancing on a knife edge of revulsion and desire,
text: then he gives in to the latter, kissing wildly at her feral
text: mammaries, aroused beyond any point of return.
text: Again, louder, there comes the sound of THUNDER.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE RAINFOREST - DAY
text: The THUNDER becomes the sound of hooves and we see the riderless
text: white stallion racing through the trees, its flanks wet with foam.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE COMPOUND - DAY
text: A violent storm lashes the island. A WAILING procession of Beast
text: Folk, led by the Sayer of the Law, trudge slowly through the
text: driving rain, their heads bowed as they bear Moreau back to the big
text: house, his body held aloft, his arms outstretched as if crucified,
text: his head tilted back, rain falling in his sightless eyes and
text: washing the blood from his face in pink rivulets.
text: Montgomery stands waiting for them on the front lawn, his features
text: twisted in despair.
text: Behind him Prendick comes slowly down the driveway, supported by
text: Aissa. He is barefoot, dressed only in a blanket and a damp pair of
text: flannel trousers.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
text: It's all over. Oh god...
text: The procession comes to a halt and the Sayer of the Law steps
dialog: forward to address Montgomery.
text: SAYER OF THE LAW
text: He is dead.
speaker_heading: AZAZELLO
dialog: Is there a Law now? Is it still to be this and
dialog: that?
text: SAYER OF THE LAW
dialog: Is there a Law, thou Other with the whip? Is
dialog: there a Law now that He is dead?
text: Montgomery looks to Prendick, his jaw hanging slackly.
text: Prendick steps forward, Aissa clinging to his arm, and tries to
dialog: take command of the situation.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Of course there's a Law.
scene_heading: HYENA- SWINE
dialog: Law no more!
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: There's a law! Listen to me! He isn't dead!
text: The Beast People turn their sharp eyes upon him.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
text: He's here! Now! He isn't dead. He's left his
text: body, but he's here. You can't see him, but
dialog: Right there!
text: Prendick points towards the leaden sky. Montgomery looks at him
text: with amazed admiration.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Good, buddy. That's good. Jesus, that's qreat!
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: You can't see him, but he can see you! He's
dialog: watching you right now!
speaker_heading: KIRIL
dialog: Fear the Law!
text: There is a flicker of lightning and the Beast People look nervously
text: to the sky.
text: Assassimon stares in terrible suspicion and uncertainty.
speaker_heading: KIRIL
dialog: He is great, He is good!
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Come with me! We must bring his old body up to
dialog: the big house. Then he'll tell us what to do.
text: He motions for them to follow, setting off at the head of the
text: procession. Reluctantly, Assassimon joins them.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE COURTYARD - DUSK
text: The rain has stopped now but the sky is still dark and threatening.
text: The remaining Dog Men, under the command of M'Ling are busy making
text: a pyre of brushwood and broken furniture. Moreau's body, dressed in
text: a pristine white suit and garlanded with flowers, is laid out ona
text: pallet at the top of the pyre.
text: Aissa kneels beside him now and places his Panama hat on his chest.
text: Prendick watches her closely, almost desperately, for a sign of
dialog: human grief.
text: Tears start down Aissa's cheeks. Prendick looks on, moved.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MONTGOMERY'S QUARTERS - DUSK
text: Montgomery sits hunched over the paraffin lantern, swigging from a
text: bottle of vodka and downing pills by the handful, his gun on the
text: tabletop beside him.
text: Prendick sits opposite him, his eyes wandering over the disarray
text: that surrounds them, the tattered posters and pathetic remnants of
text: the counter-culture and Montgomery's past life. From outside rises
text: the SOUND OF DRUMS and bestial VOICES howling and keening in
text: lamentation.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: We're going to have to go out there -- and light
dialog: that thing soon. I mean, if he starts getting
text: ripe and they smell it, it's all over.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: They're all waiting... the whole damn island...
dialog: Without the endorphins he put in their food
dialog: they'll revert quickly. They'll need a firm hand
dialog: with a whip in it. But I've really gotta hand it
dialog: to you, Eddie, you're a survivor. This
dialog: resurrection bit is fucking brilliant... perfect
dialog: thing for a primitive intelligence. They'll eat
dialog: it right up.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Or they'll eat us right up.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Yeah, whatever... Jesus, what a fucking life
dialog: this is... Spend twenty years living in squalid
dialog: little rooms, living on cheap thrills, man, I
dialog: have to say, life is a big mistake. Big mistake.
dialog: And to end up in this, this shit! This fucking
dialog: island, ten years! what for?? Eddie, we're
dialog: nothing. We're just nothing. We're bubbles blown
text: by a baby.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: We're getting off of this island.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Oh yeah? And going where? Look at me, man...
dialog: Where the fuck am I going to go?
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Anywhere you like.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: (He laughs. )
dialog: That's a tough one, Eddie. I get off this island
dialog: about once every two years, and I can't make it
dialog: out there. People disgust me, man. I can't stand
dialog: to be anywhere near them. Even the women. I rent
dialog: them, then I can't bear to touch them. And I'll
dialog: tell you something man... You and your
dialog: girlfriend are gonna find it mighty hard
dialog: "fitting in". I mean, just for openers, who's
dialog: gonna rent to you? It isn't like you come from
dialog: different religious backgrounds, if you know
dialog: what I mean... Here, have a toke for fuck sake.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Can we help her? Is there anything we can do
dialog: to...
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: To what, man? Keep her sweet? I know Moreau gave
dialog: her special treatments. It's in his notes...
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: What about the rest?
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: They'll change, their D.N.A. will just start to
dialog: unravel... Come on, man, have a toke... help
dialog: yourself to my stash. I've got everything you
dialog: could possibly want right here. Speed,
dialog: methadone, morphine, mescaline, reds, blues,
dialog: "ludes acid, lysergic and my own special brew...
dialog: The Montgomery Cocktail! you want to go? Come
dialog: on, which way Try the Cocktail, you'll go all
dialog: over the fucking place...
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: I just want to go home.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Well, fuck you then! You won't party with me,
dialog: I'll party with them. I'll show you what a real
dialog: party animal is! I'm handing in my resignation
dialog: from the whole fucking human race, effective
dialog: immediately.
text: Montgomery gets to his feet, clutching at the bottle, filling his
text: pockets with pills.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: You're not going to hand those out!
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: What? Are you gonna stop me? Jesus Christ, man,
dialog: you're not a lawyer, you're a fucking
dialog: missionary... save her, him, why don't you just
dialog: open up a local branch of the S.P.C.A.?
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: You really are crazy.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Did I ever say I wasn't?
text: Prendick rises, facing him, and Montgomery snatches up the
text: automatic, waving it at his head.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Hey, man, you're standing between me and the
dialog: party lights. Get out of my way.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Sure. Go ahead. Go ahead.
text: Montgomery flings the door open, his eyes blots of deep
text: black in the yellow light, the gun trembling in his hand.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: You know, man, you've got no view. With you it's
dialog: all survival. We're right on the edge here, and
dialog: I ain't gonna miss it may be dead tomorrow, but
dialog: I'm gonna live it up tonight.
text: He turns and goes out into the moonlight.
text: M'Ling, who is waiting outside, rises to meet him.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: M'Ling! M'Ling, my man! Bring the flatbed around
dialog: at once. It's party time!
text: Prendick follows him to the doorway, looking out into the night.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE BEACH - NIGHT
text: The crowd parts as Montgomery walks amongst them, dispensing
dialog: pills.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Free drugs! Come on! Who wants to get high?
dialog: Let's see some hands.
text: A forest of misshapen appendages rises around him and he fills each
text: hand indiscriminately with whatever he pulls from his pockets.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: There you go... a little Uptown for you, some
dialog: Downtown for you... Cat food for the dogs and
dialog: dog food for the cats... What's science without
dialog: a few drugs, huh, Eddie?
text: He addresses the assembly of Chimaera.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: It's the dawning of a whole new deal, boys and
dialog: girls. I'm the Man now and we're gonna have fun
dialog: around here for a change. We'll be laughing
dialog: tonight...
text: The Beast People press tight around him, pawing at him helping
text: themselves now to the contents of his pockets.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE COURTYARD - NIGHT
text: Prendick, Aissa, and the remaining Beast People, still loyal to
text: Moreau, stand ringed around the pyre. For a moment they're
text: motionless, their heads bowed in a prayer, then Prendick tosses a
text: lighted torch into the brushwood at the base of the mound and the
text: flames begin to climb hungrily around Moreau's body. The
text: congregation remains silent, watching until More au's body
text: is lost in flame and smoke.
text: Prendick turns to Aissa now, seeing her eyes glinting like an
text: animal's in the firelight.
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: Will we go now?
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Yes.
text: They look at each other, a terrible awareness in Aissa's face.
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: I know, Prendick. I know what is happening to
dialog: me... I can feel it.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: It doesn't matter.
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: Yes, it matters.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: There's a way to fix it, in your father's notes.
dialog: I'll find it. We'll bring you back. Now, go to
dialog: the house. Get whatever you need to take.
speaker_heading: AISSA
dialog: (apprehensive)
dialog: Where are you going?
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: There's something I have to do.
text: He turns to address the assembly.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Children of the Law! Listen to me! The Master
dialog: has left a task for you!
text: He turns towards the laboratory, motioning for the Beast People to
dialog: follow him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE LABORATORY - NIGHT
text: Prendick strides down the aisleway between the cages, Kiril and the
text: Sayer of the Law leading the remnants of the Beast People behind
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Empty the cages! Free all of them!
text: The Beast Folk go to work at once, scooping rabbits from their
text: hutches, dogs and cats and monkeys from their cages. Prendick
text: stalks slowly through the devastated laboratory, flipping the
text: switch on a Nagra as he passes, hearing Moreau's VOICE, nothing
text: more now than a magnetic ghost.
speaker_heading: MOREAU'S VOICE
dialog: Systolic pressure 3.2. Diastolic pressure up to 4.
text: Pulmonary pressure stands at 5.8.
text: Prendick stops at the shelf, lifting Moreau's black book.
text: It falls open in his hands and he casts an eye over the chemical
text: equations contained there, an escaped monkey scampering up to him
text: to perch on his shoulder, mimicking his puzzlement at Moreau's
dialog: notes.
text: Behind him, the Sayer of the Law opens the incubators one by one,
text: handing out the mewling mutant infants to a line of island women
text: who bear them out into the safety of the orange night.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE BEACH - NIGHT
text: The awesome SOUND of the Jimi Hendrix Experience throbbing from a
text: tinny set of speakers, supplemented by a line of DRUMMING Beast
text: Folk, tangling with the SOUNDTRACK of "King Kong" that is climbing
text: on a screen set before the CD-ROM projector that has been set up
text: for a rapt, tripped-out animal audience. A great bonfire is raining
text: sparks into the sky farther up the beach, ringed by furiously
text: dancing creatures. Beside the bonfire, an axe-wielding Dog Man is
text: chopping up the remains of the beached motor launch and feeding
text: them into the flames.
text: Montgomery stands near the fire, burning of the boat, supervising
text: the ritual a garland of flowers around his neck and a joint
text: dangling from his lower lip.
text: The Sloth Creature drags at the hem of his coat and he
text: smiles sadly, turning out his pockets.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
text: All gone. See. All tapped out. We're in the same
dialog: boat now,
dialog: (points to the burning launch)
dialog: and there it is right there! Up the creek
dialog: without a paddle. Any of you ever hear that
dialog: expression?
text: He starts to get undressed, throwing his clothes to the Beast
text: People who grab at them eagerly, fighting for possession of the
dialog: more treasured articles.
text: Montgomery lifts his head up and shouts.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: How do you like this, Moreau? Isn't this some
dialog: wild shit!
text: The Beast People press tighter around him, reaching out to touch
text: his pale skin. He giggles, looking up at the stars.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: All flesh is grass, boys and girls. You blink
dialog: and it's all gone...
text: He grabs an already disheveled Beast Woman and breaks into a
text: demented, frenzied and very dirty boogie.
text: The flatbed goes rumbling past, headlights blazing, circling
text: dangerously close to the fire, joyriding through the night, going
text: nowhere, M'Ling at the wheel.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE STUDY - NIGHT
text: Azazello unbolts the gun locker and opens it up to display its
text: contents to his fellow conspirators: the Hyena-Swine, a bristly
text: black Boar Man and a pair of the surviving Dog Men who still wear
text: waiter's coats. Behind them, the rest of the room is already in
text: chaos as several of the Beast People root through Moreau's papers,
text: flinging the books from the shelves, the unleashed parrot flapping
text: wildly around their heads. The Hyena-Swine hefts a Kalashnikov, his
text: eyes glowing in anticipation.
scene_heading: HYENA- SWINE
dialog: Now we have the fire that kills. Now we are
dialog: Gods!
text: Azazello weighs a hand grenade in his palm, his face cracking in a
text: terrible, gap-toothed grin.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE HALL - NIGHT
text: Aissa crosses the hallway on her way to her room.
text: There is a sudden rattle of automatic GUNFIRE followed by a sudden
text: peal of raucous LAUGHTER from the direction of the study and she
text: stiffens, drawing back against the wall with a HISS.
text: Azazello appears now in the study door, clutching a bottle of
text: brandy, the other two Dog Men following him at a pace.
speaker_heading: AZAZELLO
dialog: Trip-trap, trip-trap... and where are you going
dialog: in the woods today, little girl?
text: Aissa edges towards the door but the Dog Men cut her off.
speaker_heading: AZAZELLO
dialog: Looking for your five-finger man? He can't help
dialog: you. There are no masters anymore.
text: He advances and she raises a hand as if to strike him. Her claws
text: extend from her fingertips and her eyes glint in the firelight. The
text: hair on her back raises as she emits a long catlike hiss.
speaker_heading: AZAZELLO
dialog: Nicely now little kitten-Aissa or I'll hurt you.
dialog: Remember how the master hurt me? Oh, how he
dialog: whipped me.
text: He gives an oily CHUCKLE, his voice becoming a growl.
speaker_heading: AZAZELLO
dialog: But he spared your soft skin.
text: One of the Dog Men reaches out to grab her hair and she bares her
text: teeth in a feral snarl. Lashing out at Azazello, her claws rake his
text: face nearly blinding him.
text: Azazello stumbles back with a canine yelp, pawing at his snout. The
text: other two Dog Men lunge at her, the blood lust rising in their
text: eyes.
text: Aissa turns. Finding no way out of the room she leaps toward the
text: curtains. Locking her claws in the heavy material, she scrambles up
text: toward the valence while the Dog Men try to grab her and pull her
dialog: back.
text: She tries to reach the large chandelier, but the curtains
text: and valence give way and she falls back toward the floor;
text: in mid- fall she twists catlike to land on all fours ina
text: crouch.
text: A low threatening growl boils from her throat as she faces Azazello
text: and the Dog Men, holding them at bay like a cornered cat as they
text: maneuver cautiously to surround her.
text: Suddenly, with a shriek she springs at Azazello. Her claws tear
text: with lightening speed at his face while he staggers back. His hand
text: goes into his coat and he pulls an automatic.
text: As Aissa claws for his throat, he shoots her at zero range. There
text: is a deafening concussion. Her eyes widen, revealing the green fire
text: of her rage as she convulses with the impact.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE COURTYARD - NIGHT
text: The remainder of the Beast People, standing before the blazing
text: pyre, turn as a burst of gunfire shatters the night.
text: The Hyena-Swine stands in the doorway of the big house, brandishing
text: his Kalashnikov. As the congregation watches he fires a second
text: burst at the stars.
scene_heading: HYENA- SWINE
dialog: Bow to me! I send the fire that kills.
text: He squeezes off another burst for effect and several of the Beast
text: People drop to their knees. Kiril moves forward pulling the
text: groveling figures back to their feet by the scruffs of their necks.
scene_heading: HYENA- SWINE
dialog: Bow to me!
speaker_heading: KIRIL
dialog: Who are you that I should bow to you? We are
dialog: brothers.
text: He turns to face the congregation.
speaker_heading: KIRIL
dialog: Children of the Law, we must stand firm. We must
dialog: uphold the Law and work together now. We must
dialog: rule with love, not hate. We are brothers, all
dialog: of us.
text: The Hyena-Swine switches the Kalashnikov onto single fire and
text: shoots Kiril in the back. He pitches forward.
dialog: The congregation GASPS.
text: The Hyena-Swine CHUCKLES, slides in a new banana clip.
text: Some of the Beast People start to shout now, falling to
text: their knees and wringing their hands.
text: SAYER OF THE LAW
dialog: No! This is wrong! You are breaking the Law!
scene_heading: HYENA- SWINE
dialog: If It Feels Good, Do It, is the Law! Montgomery
dialog: told me so.
text: SAYER OF THE LAW
dialog: We must have Laws! We are not animals!
scene_heading: HYENA- SWINE
dialog: Law no more!
text: SAYER OF THE LAW
dialog: (with incredible feeling)
dialog: Are we not men?
text: The Hyena-Swine laughs, switches his Kalashnikov onto full auto and
text: empties its magazine into the crowd, the Boar Man at his side
text: excitedly joining in the massacre with his own AK-47. All those who
text: are still standing are caught in a withering rain of bullets, their
text: bodies jerking in the glow of the funeral pyre.
text: The Sayer of the Law is among the first to fall, his mask shattered
text: by a bullet between the eyes.
text: A spray of bullets punch into fuel cans stockpiled in the yard, a
text: rivulet of gasoline creeps away, leading back towards the big
dialog: house.
text: The Hyena-Swine is laughing and laughing, the gun growing hot in
text: his hands, fire leaping in his eyes.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE LAB - NIGHT
text: Prendick takes a crowbar to a metal file and rips it open. He tears
text: through the papers and finds several note books. He begins
text: frantically flipping through them.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE BEACH - NIGHT
text: Things have started to slip at the beach party.
text: Several of the Beast Folk lie shaking on the sand, gripped by
text: epileptic seizures, while one of the Cat People has torn out its
text: own eyes and sits screaming beside the projector. The flatbed is
text: stuck in the sand, smoke pouring out of it, M'Ling limping back
text: towards the fire in open embarrassment.
text: Montgomery stands naked in the midst of the admiring Chimaeras,
text: staring back towards the big house, his attention drawn by the
text: sound of GUNFIRE.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: What the fuck now...?
speaker_heading: M'LING
dialog: Master!
text: M'Ling steps towards Montgomery but the Bison Man cuts him off,
text: striking the Dog Man over the head with an empty bottle.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: No! Don't hurt him!
text: He makes as if to go to M'Ling's assistance, but the Bison Man
text: blocks his way.
speaker_heading: BISON MAN
dialog: No more Masters!
text: Montgomery turns to see the other Beast Folk crowding in on him, an
text: awful hunger flaring in their eyes. A low growl ripples across the
text: beach, rising into a snarl of rage.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Hey I come on, man, lighten up... This is
dialog: supposed to be a party!
text: The little pink Sloth thing steps suddenly forward and shoots
text: Montgomery in the chest with his own automatic.
text: He staggers backwards, staring in disbelief at the puckered hole in
text: his breastbone.
speaker_heading: MONTGOMERY
dialog: Shit! You... You were always such a sweet little
dialog: fucker, too... Jesus... Thanks a lot...
text: He falls against the CD-ROM projector and the image goes into gross
dialog: distortion.
text: He slips to his knees and, with a SHRIEK, the Beast People fall
text: upon him, ripping and ravaging.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE LABORATORY - NIGHT
text: Prendick is edging towards the door Moreau's black book clutched to
text: his chest, his automatic in his hand when the Hyena-Swine and the
text: Boar Man burst into the room, levelling their rifles. He dives for
text: the cover of the overturned operating table, a bullet meant for his
text: heart hitting instead in the leather cover of Moreau's journal.
text: He hugs the ground, covering his head as the renegades pump round
text: after round into the laboratory, shattering the overhead lights and
text: laboratory equipment.
text: The big tank cracks and comes apart, spilling a wave of warm
text: amniotic fluid across the floor, the gilled mutations flopping and
text: writhing amidst the broken glass.
text: The Hyena-Swine pauses to reload, padding on the tips of its toes
text: towards Prendick's hiding place, its teeth bared.
scene_heading: HYENA- SWINE
dialog: Come out and face me! Let us see who is the
dialog: Master, now!
text: Prendick crawls gasping for the safety of the ruined bank of audio-
text: visual equipment, prompting a hysterical burst of GUNFIRE from the
dialog: Hyena-Swine.
text: Prendick cringes, bullets RICOCHETING and sparking all around him.
text: There follows another lull as the Hyena-Swine fumbles for a fresh
text: clip. Prendick uses the breathing space to reach for the Nagra. The
text: Boar Man turns, levelling his rifle, but at that moment Moreau's
text: icy voice fills the room.
speaker_heading: MOREAU'S VOICE
dialog: Diastolic pressure up to 4. Pulmonary pressure
text: stands at 5.8. Heartbeat irregular.
text: The Boar Man freezes, turning to the Hyena-Swine.
scene_heading: HYENA- SWINE
dialog: No! It is a trick! He is dead! We killed him!
text: He opens fire once more but Prendick has already ducked safely out
text: of sight, crouching behind a console and pulling on a pair of
text: goggles.
text: The Hyena-Swine glances about himself uneasily, then as he steps
text: forward, Prendick reaches out and throws the switch on the laser
text: its light filling the room with a brilliant blue-green glare. The
text: renegades yell, trying to cover their eyes as Prendick springs
text: from behind the console, shooting the Boar Man in the throat. The
text: Boar Man topples backwards.
text: The Hyena-Swine screams, blindly loosing a burst of gunfire in
text: Prendick's direction. One of the bullets damages the laser's
text: housing and Prendick decides to take a chance, diving across the
text: room towards the door and tilting the laser from its bearings as he
text: passes.
text: The laser cuts the Hyena-Swine across the face and he tumbles
text: backwards with a shriek, clutching at his face.
text: Then Prendick shoots him in the stomach and he goes down, falling
text: amidst the tendrils of the tank dwellers, still kicking and
text: screaming, one paw grasping for a hand grenade.
text: Prendick takes a step back as the Hyena-Swine pulls the pin and
text: draws back his arm to pitch the grenade, but then one of the
text: tentacles coils around his wrist and holds it tight. Prendick leaps
dialog: for the door.
text: The Hyena-Swine's last shriek of pain and fear is cut short by an
text: ear-splitting CONCUSSION and the laboratory is torn apart in a ball
text: of fire and flying shrapnel.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE COURTYARD - NIGHT
text: Prendick steps over the mound of corpses, eyes narrowed against the
text: smoke, the gun in one hand, Moreau's black book in the other.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Aissa!
text: He scans the faces of the dead but does not see her among them.
text: The flames are spreading now from the blazing laboratory to the
text: other huts, climbing towards the radio mast. Up ahead, the big
text: house is already on fire and Prendick battles his way towards its
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE HALL - NIGHT
text: Prendick stumbles coughing through the doorway, one arm raised to
text: protect his face from its burning frame.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Aissa!
text: Then his eyes to adjust to the smoke-filled room and what he sees
text: seems to rob him of what little sanity he has left.
text: Aissa's body lies on the dining table, her entire torso an open
text: wound, Azazello and the Dog Men sitting around her, as if about to
text: feed on her flesh.
text: Prendick reacts with a bellow of primal rage. He raises his gun and
text: blasts at the Dog Men. One is struck in the head. Another is shot
text: when he runs for the door. Wounded, he runs yelping to a corner
text: where other shots bring him down.
text: Prendick turns the gun on Azazello who glares at him with canine
text: menace. He pulls the trigger but the chamber CLICKS on empty.
text: Azazello turns with a SHRIEK and throws himself through the
text: rear window, fleeing YELPING into the night.
text: Prendick stands over Aissa, beyond grief, beyond any emotion.
text: Taking the compass from her fingers, he holds her hand, as the
text: flames move across the walls around him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE COMPOUND - NIGHT
text: A series of EXPLOSIONS rip through the enclosure, engulfing the big
text: house, the singing aloes rising screaming in tongues of living
dialog: flame.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE BEACH - DAWN
text: Prendick stands watching the rising sun. He seems transformed by
text: grief and by his exposure to horror. The big house is burning
text: behind him. Montgomery's remains are at his feet covered in a
text: blood-soaked blanket. M'Ling kneels beside him, weeping.
speaker_heading: M'LING
dialog: They are mad! They are fools! They say there is
dialog: no Law. No Master. No whips. No House of Pain
dialog: anymore. We love the Law and will keep it now
dialog: but there is no more pain, no more whips forever
dialog: again, they say. But I know, Master, I know. You
dialog: still live. You have walked in the sea and
dialog: lived.
text: Prendick pats M'Ling's head.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: You're a good man, M'Ling.
speaker_heading: M'LING
dialog: You will kill them all?
text: Prendick turns his eyes towards the burning flatbed and the
text: remnants of the motor launch. There are bodies strewn all over the
dialog: beach.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: No. Not all.
speaker_heading: M'LING
dialog: The Master's will is sweet.
text: Behind them the radio mast collapses, sending a flurry of sparks
text: climbing into the heavens.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE COMPOUND - DAY
text: The SOUND of the HORN rises once more into the morning air.
text: Prendick, M'Ling, Assassimon and two of the remaining elders stand
text: on the rostrum, Azazello bound and kneeling at their feet.
text: The rest of the islanders gather uneasily before them. There are
text: fewer than thirty of them left.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: He’s not dead! He's speaking to me right now!
dialog: The House of Pain will be back again! You can't
dialog: see the Master, but he's watching everything you
dialog: do!
speaker_heading: M'LING
dialog: True! True!
text: The Fox Lady steps forward, cradling one of the children from the
text: incubators.
speaker_heading: FOX LADY
text: The Man Who Walks in the Sea now leads.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: The Master speaks through me. For those who
dialog: break the Law!
speaker_heading: ASSASSIMON
dialog: Back to the House of Pain! Back to the House of
dialog: Pain!
text: The congregation takes up the chant, their voices swelling.
text: Prendick stares in cold fury as Azazello slinks forward contrite
text: and very frightened. He kneels before Prendick, who touches his
text: head with barely-controlled hatred.
speaker_heading: ALL (CHORUS)
dialog: Back to the House of Pain! Back to the House of
dialog: Pain!
speaker_heading: AZAZELLO
text: (looking imploringly at Prendick)
dialog: Back to the House of Pain! Back to the House of
dialog: Pain!
text: He tries to lick Prendick's hand. Prendick puts the gun to
text: Azazello's head and the Dog Man whimpers.
text: The gun jumps, spitting fire, and Azazello falls, blood jetting
text: from his temple. The audience falls silent.
speaker_heading: FOX LADY
dialog: The gun has spoken! It is good!
text: They fall into a new rhythm, their chant rising and rising.
speaker_heading: ALL (CHORUS)
dialog: His is the hand that wounds! His is the hand
dialog: that heals! His is the lightning flash! His is
dialog: the deep salt sea!
text: Prendick stands looking out over them, Moreau's book still clutched
text: under his arm, the gun clenched in his free hand. It's as though
text: he's staring at something a thousand miles away, as tears start
text: down his cheeks.
text: The crowd bows down, the sky filled with black smoke rising from
text: the ruins behind them, the emblem of the Tree of Life still
text: fluttering from the flagpole above.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE CAVE - DAY
text: Prendick stands in the shaft of light at the center of the cavern,
text: the fetish staff in his hands, leading the chanting congregation.
text: His hair and beard have grown long and wild now, his and his
text: clothes are embroidered with bones and tassels, face bedaubed with
dialog: paint.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK (V.O.)
dialog: After that day I became the Sayer of the Law.
dialog: Every day for nine months I stood in front of
text: the Tree of Life and talked to them.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE CAVE - NIGHT
text: Prendick is observing the moon through a cleft in the rock and
text: marking the lunar calendar painted on the cavern wall.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK (V.O.)
dialog: I rewrote the Law and tried to teach them new
dialog: ways to survive on their own. The Law I gave
dialog: them was the Law I dreamed of as a boy, that had
dialog: made me want to be a lawyer, a Law that never
dialog: really existed anywhere in the real world,
dialog: except here.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE ISLAND - DAY
text: Prendick stands thigh deep in the river teaching M'Ling and the
text: others the finer points of spear fishing, a lesson interrupted when
text: two of the onlookers start to squabble over a particularly juicy-
text: looking barbel.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK (V.O.)
dialog: I taught them all I could, but day by day the
dialog: animal returned to take over that which was
dialog: human. Like it always has and always will. Like
dialog: Moreau said it would.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE SETTLEMENT - DAY
text: Prendick, M'Ling and several others huddle beneath a fan of woven
text: palm leaves, sheltering from a torrential downpour.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK (V.O.)
dialog: About thirty of them had survived and eight of
dialog: those were dead by the end of the hurricane
dialog: season, most from untreatable illnesses caused
dialog: by their genetic disorders. I knew that if Aissa
dialog: had lived she would have shared their fate, but
dialog: that didn't take the pain away. By the time the
dialog: trade winds blew again from the west, only
text: M'Ling and Assassimon still clung to the power
dialog: of speech, and were able to help me in my work.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE BEACH - DAY
text: Moreau's horse has been employed in dragging logs down from the
text: rainforest to where M'Ling and Prendick are shaping them with
text: makeshift axes.
text: Assassimon sits nearby, emptying barrels of diesel into the sand.
text: There follows a MONTAGE of activity as the raft slowly takes shape,
text: Assassimon rigging its sails as it lies at berth next to the jetty,
text: while Prendick and M'Ling load it with supplies.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: I'll be back with help. Give me three months.
speaker_heading: M'LING
dialog: It is good. Go well, Master.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Go well yourself, M'Ling. Good M'Ling.
text: He embraces M'Ling. The Dog Man fawns upon him, whimpering. Then he
text: pulls away and, clambering aboard the raft, makes ready and casts
dialog: off.
text: Assassimon comes running down the jetty, shouting at the top of his
dialog: lungs.
speaker_heading: ASSASSIMON
dialog: He is going! He is good! He is going! He is
dialog: great!
text: Prendick strikes an offshore current, unfurling a bright sheet of
text: homespun from the mast, a gaudy representation of The Tree Of Life
text: painted in its center. The wind fills the sail and he adjusts the
text: tillers, turning the raft's prow towards the open sea.
text: M'Ling sits down, his big feet dangling over the edge of the jetty,
text: looking a little dejected, watching until Prendick is far away.
speaker_heading: M'LING
dialog: We must read. We must keep speech for his
dialog: return.
text: Then he lifts a battered copy of Alice in Wonderland and begins to
text: read aloud once more while Assassimon, hopping from foot to foot,
text: pretends to mouth the words over his shoulder.
speaker_heading: M'LING
dialog: (reads, haltingly)
text: "Humpty Dumpty sat on a wall:
text: Humpty Dumpty had a great fall.
dialog: All the King's horses and all
text: the King's men.
dialog: Couldn't put Humpty Dumpty
dialog: together again."
text: M'Ling's voice falters, tapering off into a bestial whimper.
text: He sits for a long while in silence, the book sagging in his hands,
text: watching the sail of Prendick's raft until it has disappeared from
dialog: sight.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: THE DISC OF THE SUN
text: A dazzling, overexposed white.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE THROUGH WHITE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE PACIFIC OCEAN - DAY (TWO DAYS LATER)
text: Prendick lies on his back on the raft, the sail flapping slackly
text: now; his face raw and blistered from the sun. His head sways with
text: the rise and fall of the ocean and all the horizon seems to sway
text: with him, the earth and sky and the shining crack that separates
dialog: them.
text: A dark smudge appears on the horizon. Dancing. Drawing nearer. He
text: closes his eyes.
text: When he opens his eyes again he sees the side of a freighter
text: looming over him, a row of figures gathered at the rail, outlines
text: silhouetted against the sun.
text: Hands lift him now. Twisted, misshapen hands tipped with curious
dialog: nails.
text: His eyes focus on his rescuers and he sees the intent faces of
text: beasts of prey glaring down at him, their faces snoutish and
text: porcine, back covered with a sickly pink skin, their lips curling
text: from yellowed teeth.
text: He looks at them, completely blank.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE SANATORIUM - DAY (THREE YEARS LATER)
text: Prendick blinks, opening his eyes to find that he is still sitting
text: on his chair in Dr. Murnau's office, the beasts have become the
text: CHIEF DOCTOR and two of the staff psychiatrists, DR. WIENE and DR.
text: MOCH, sitting facing him. He is clean shaven now and is wearing a
text: brand new suit and tie.
speaker_heading: MURNAU
dialog: I'm glad we're in agreement. You finally
dialog: understand you've been suffering an acute form
dialog: of post-traumatic stress disorder brought on by
dialog: the plane crash and your terrible ordeal at
dialog: sea... You should be able to gradually unlock
dialog: the memory of what really happened to you during
dialog: that lost year.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: I have. I see that nothing much happened at all.
dialog: I was simply adrift.
speaker_heading: DR. MOCH
dialog: Perhaps as a young man you read about the real
dialog: Doctor Moreau, who won Nobel Prize in 1989. The
dialog: controversy surrounding his work could have been
dialog: incorporated into your fantasies.
text: Prendick smiles, nods.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: So I guess now it's on with my life.
speaker_heading: MURNAU
dialog: You've come a very long way.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: Thank you, Gentlemen. Thank you all, for
dialog: everything.
text: He stands, folding his coat over his arm. When he looks back at the
text: doctors, however, it is to find them transformed into scabrous
text: carrion birds staring hungrily at him across the desktop with their
text: vulpine, bespectacled eyes, their dark wings stirring
text: threateningly. He maintains his smile.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE STREET - DAY
text: Prendick stands on the corner of a busy city street, his coat still
text: folded over his arm, staring at the hubbub of life that surrounds
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK (V.O.)
dialog: I was released from the hospital in October
text: 2010. The world hadn't come to an end, although
dialog: there had been a nuclear exchange. Everything
dialog: else, it seems, had been a symptom of my
dialog: psychosis.
text: We see the crowded street now through Prendick's eyes.
text: Weary DEER MEN and CATTLE PEOPLE shambling past him with wounded
text: eyes, dripping blood, OLD PEOPLE, bent and dull murmuring to
text: themselves, prowling WOMEN mewing after him and dancing packs of
text: jibing MONKEY CHILDREN skipping through a gridlocked traffic jam of
text: barking CANINE MOTORISTS, belligerent PORCINE TRAFFIC POLICE trying
text: to maintain order. Prendick turns now, seeing his own reflection in
text: a shop window, the reflection of a rather melancholy-looking
text: sheepdog lost that has its flock, its eyes tired and lonely.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE COTTAGE - DUSK
text: The fire is low on the hearth. Prendick sits hunched in the semi-
text: darkness, the loaded gun still cradled in his hands, finishing up
text: his final message running through the Nagra, a dog barking in the
dialog: distance.
text: Moreau's notebook lies open on the table before him, a reproduction
text: of Draper's "Lament for Icarus" tacked on the wall behind him. All
text: over the desk, on crumpled pieces of paper, are sketches of the
dialog: Tree of Life.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK(V.O.)
dialog: On the island, I had thought that Moreau was the
dialog: loneliest man on the earth. But that was before
dialog: I became what I've become... I've spent my time
dialog: in reading, and studying biochemistry only to
dialog: realize that what Moreau did was in fact
dialog: possible. What happened can't be dismissed as a
dialog: nightmare. So I've had no choice but to live
text: alone with the horrible truth.
text: Prendick raises the gun, closing his eyes.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK (V.O.)
dialog: (haltingly)
dialog: Now I find there is simply no way to bear the
dialog: loneliness.
text: In the near background we hear the barking of a dog.
text: Prendick squeezes his eyelids shut, trying to blot out the noise.
text: He draws the hammer back with an audible click. Suddenly, there is
text: the sound of a pair of paws hitting the pane of glass in a French
text: door. The barking is now very loud, almost in the room.
text: Prendick opens his eyes once more. The barking goes on. It has a
text: strange, pleading quality.
text: Prendick lowers the gun and looks toward the door.
text: The dog is looking in. It sees him and barks with sudden
text: recognition. Prendick can't avoid the animal. He rises and the dog
text: paws wildly at the doorpanel with obvious joy at his approach.
text: Prendick tries to muster a stern look.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: I locked you out for a reason. I can't very well
dialog: kill myself with you pestering me.
text: The dog barks imploring, then looks at Prendick and cocks his head.
text: He whympers for Prendick's affection.
speaker_heading: PRENDICK
dialog: What? You'd miss me?
text: The dog responds with a short, decisive bark.
text: Prendick steps to the door and opens it. The dog rushes away with
text: wild joyous excitement.
text: It begins a wild frolic on the hillside before the cottage. The
text: downright silliness of the animal's joyful exuberant forces a trace
text: of reluctant smile to Prendick's lips.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SOMEWHERE IN NEW ENGLAND - DUSK
text: A curtain of rain falls across the downland, turned to motes of
text: gold by the dying light, descending as a blessing upon the soft
text: green hills and patchwork farmsteads.
text: The dog comes running along the crest of a hill, rejoicing, barking
text: at the rain, eyes brimming with a simple animal happiness. It skids
text: to a halt, shaking itself, turning its snout towards the dying
text: light. The rain has stopped, the sky is clearing.
text: Its master walks now to stand beside it, his hands in his pockets,
text: contemplating the same awesome view. Then Prendick bends down to
text: pat the dog as it leaps up, putting its paws against his chest, to
text: lick his face that is wet with rain or tears.
text: Prendick looks deep into the sweet liquid eyes of the dog.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
scene_heading: ROLL END TITLES.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
