speaker_heading: FADE IN: 1
text: On an apparently black screen. We hear the voice of DIEGO:
speaker_heading: DIEGO (V.0.)
dialog: In 1822, General Santa Anna of Mexico
dialog: successfully overthrew the Spanish
dialog: rule. Mexico's long war for
dialog: independence was won. The last
dialog: Viceroy of Alta California had been
text: recalled to Spain. Realizing his
dialog: days of power were at an end, the
dialog: Viceroy ordered all prisoners
dialog: executed
dialog: (beat )
dialog: The spirit of justice demanded a
dialog: champion
text: A KNIFE BLADE pokes through the black screen from the other side.
text: It cuts out one hole. Then a second --
text: ?A PAIR of EYES peek through. Child's eyes, dark and watchful.
speaker_heading: JOAQUIN (0.S.)
dialog: What's going on, Alejandro? Let me
dialog: see.
scene_heading: -INT. WAGON - DAY
text: The black screen is, in fact, the canvas side of a wagon. Crouched
text: inside, hiding, are two boys. They are:
text: JOAQUIN MURIETTA, ten years old, on his way to manhood. A great
dialog: older brother, gentle with and protective of:
text: ALEJANDRO MURIETTA, eight. Despite his age, Alejandro is the
text: natural leader of the two, although neither knows it.
text: Alejandro moves over, so he peeks out one eye hole. Joaquin peers
text: through the other.
dialog: WHAT THEY SEE:
text: THE TOWN SQUARE. Whitewashed walls and terra cotta, the SUNSET
text: leaching color, creating an almost black-and-white look. Thronged
text: with people, milling restlessly, on the edge of where a crowd
text: becomes a mob.
text: Order is kept by dozens of SOLDIERS, standing sternly at arms.
text: They keep a perimeter in the form a large semi-circle in front of
text: the VICEROY'S BUILDING. A six-man FIRING SQUAD sets up. Three
text: bound PRISONERS await their fate.
text: ON THE BOYS:
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: He’s not going to come.
speaker_heading: JOAQUIN
dialog: Should we move closer?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Suddenly light spills across the two boys.
speaker_heading: UNDERTAKER (0.S.)
dialog: Hooligans! What do you think you're
dialog: doing? Get out of here!
text: An UNDERTAKER glares in at them, holding up a flap of canvas. He
text: wears a black suit as severe as his expression. It's his wagon,
text: evidenced by the three empty coffins inside.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: We should move closer!
text: He slices the canvas, and the two dive out into the square.
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN SQUARE - DAY
text: The boys scramble around and among the legs of onlookers, moving
text: closer to the semi-circle.
speaker_heading: JOAQUIN
dialog: Where is he?
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: I don't see him.
speaker_heading: JOAQUIN
dialog: He's got to come. He’s very brave.
text: On all fours, they slip past a group of UNIFORMED SOLDIERS.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: Yes, but he’s also very smart.
text: [The boys crawl past a MAN in ROUGH HOODED CLOAK, his sandaled feet
dialog: visible --
text: He reaches out and grabs them (gently) by the ears. It is FRAY
text: FELIPE, an out-of-place scowl on his round, jovial face.
speaker_heading: JOAQUIN
dialog: (horrified)
dialog: Fray Felipe!
speaker_heading: FELIPE
dialog: Do you suppose you're parents -- God-
dialog: rest-their-souls -- would approve of
dialog: you two being here?
dialog: (leans closer; worried)
dialog: There's going to be trouble. Get
dialog: back to the mission -- now!
text: He gives them a little push. Abashed, they move away, aware of
text: Felipe watching them. But as soon as he turns away --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 2
text: Alejandro grabs Joaquin, yanks him down. Back on all fours, Joaquin
text: leading, they crawl back through the crowd. Suddenly, Alejandro is
text: cut off, bumping into the knees of a MAN in a ROUGH HOODED CLOAK.
dialog: Sure he's caught, he looks down --]
text: Beneath the monk's robe are SHINY BLACK BOOTS WITH SILVER SPURS.
text: And the SILVER TIP of a SCABBARD.
text: ?Alejandro's eyes go wide. He looks up --
text: ANGLE - LOOKING UP: Beneath the monk's hood, a mask, a dashing
text: mustache, the flash of a smile. It's ZORRO. He puts a finger to
dialog: his lips: 'Shhh.'
text: Alejandro wheels, scrambles back to Joaquin.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: Joaquin! He's here! He's here!
speaker_heading: JOAQUIN
dialog: Zorro's here?
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: (a finger to his lips, a la
dialog: Zorro)
dialog: SHHHH! He's right over there --
dialog: [He points --
text: ?The monk's robe lies discarded on the ground. ]
text: Alejandro looks around in wonder, amazed at the disappearing trick.
text: Joaquin grabs his hand, heads for a ladder.
speaker_heading: JOAQUIN
dialog: C'mon!
text: Alejandro is dragged along; he barely avoids running into --
text: DON LUIZ, an older man, tall and thin, with an elegant goatee. He
text: pushes through the crowd, reaches the entrance to the Viceroy's
text: Building. Soldiers meet him with a challenge.
speaker_heading: DON LUIZ
dialog: Don Luiz. The Viceroy sent for me.
scene_heading: INT. VICEROY'S BUILDING - DAY 3
text: Don Luiz moves down a hallway, his face pale, eyes taking in all the
text: activity. He dodges servants as they rush past, roll up tapestries,
text: hurriedly pack household items, etc. Soldiers carry heavy crates
text: out, moving with a sense of urgency.
scene_heading: INT. VICEROY'S BUILDING - 2ND FLOOR - STUDY - DAY 4
text: The door is ajar. Don Luiz steps into the study, which has been
text: cleared out quickly. Shelves emptied, drawers left open. Papers
text: scattered about.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: A balcony opens off the room. Looking out over the square is a
text: darkly handsome man with the eyes of a snake. He wears an
text: understated military uniform, and stands utterly still. This is
text: RAFAEL MONTERO, Viceroy of Alta California.
speaker_heading: DON LUIZ
dialog: I hoped it wasn't true. You're
dialog: returning to Spain ..?
speaker_heading: [MONTERO
dialog: I am the Spanish Viceroy, after all -
dialog: - and California is no longer part of
dialog: Spain.
dialog: (bitter)
text: Santa Anna's troops are already on
dialog: their way to take control of the
dialog: presidio.]
speaker_heading: DON LUIZ
dialog: [The Dons are worried.] How will we
dialog: fare under Mexico? Ruled by peasants
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: Who will squander this land the same
dialog: way Spain has. California is richer
dialog: than anyone can imagine
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Anyone but me. One day, Don Luiz, I
dialog: will return. And all of our plans
dialog: will see fruition.
speaker_heading: DON LUIZ
dialog: Know that we will always remain loyal
dialog: to you. And will strive to keep
dialog: California at least ... a little
text: civilized.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: A hard thing, in this land of
text: savages.
text: He catches the eye of the firing SQUAD LEADER.
speaker_heading: MONTERO (CONT'D)
dialog: Begin the execution!
text: +IN THE SQUARE: Alejandro and Joaquin scramble across a roof.
text: Below them, the Squad Leader draws his sword.
speaker_heading: SQUAD LEADER
dialog: Preparén!
dialog: (he raises his sword)
dialog: Apuntén!
text: The crowd is still. Alejandro and Joaquin search for Zorro. The
text: prisoners stand straight, meeting death with honor.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The Squad Leader is about to slash his arm down --
speaker_heading: SQUAD LEADER
dialog: Disparen!
text: Fingers tighten on triggers --
text: ?with a CRACK the fall of a whip wraps around one of the rifle
text: barrels -- and yanks it sideways, into the next, sending it
text: sideways, and so on, like dominoes, so that all the rifles are
text: pointed at the SQUAD LEADER --
speaker_heading: SQUAD LEADER
dialog: No disparen! No disparen --
text: Too late -- the soldiers FIRE. The Squad Leader crumples --
text: The whip-wielder leaps nimbly into the square: an apparition in
text: black, sword drawn. Alejandro spots him first --
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: Zorro!
text: The crowd sees him. People point; a cry rises up:
speaker_heading: CROWD
scene_heading: EL ZORRO! VIVA EL ZORRO!
text: Zorro reaches the prisoners. Three quick slashes free them.
text: Several of the soldiers reload. Others draw their swords, attack
dialog: Zorro --
text: Zorro fights with graceful economy, anticipating all attacks.
text: [As the freed prisoners make their escape, Felipe upends a wagon of
text: barrels.] The barrels roll free, blocking and tripping soldiers.
text: The CROWD has erupted; some of the peasants try to block the
dialog: soldiers, who club them down --
text: Zorro parries two soldiers' swords into a wheel of the overturned
text: wagon, spins the wheel; their swords are wrenched away.
scene_heading: ON MONTERO AND DON LUIZ:
speaker_heading: DON LUIZ
dialog: Trust Zorro to spoil a good
dialog: execution.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: I was counting on it.
text: He takes a candle from a sconce, light a torch strapped to the
text: balcony rail. The torch FLARES to life --
text: ON ALEJANDRO AND JOAQUIN, as they look up, see the signal --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 5
text: ?-- as do several SOLDIERS, who emerge onto the wood balcony
text: below the boys, taking up positions to fire at Zorro.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: Look!
speaker_heading: JOAQUIN
dialog: An ambush! We’ve got to warn Zorro -
text: Alejandro is ahead of him. There's a large, loose brick on the
text: roof's edge. He strains to shove it off. Joaquin joins him --
text: The stone SMASHES down on the soldiers, taking them out.
text: Zorro turns at the noise, sees the soldiers -- then spots the boys.
text: Other soldiers start firing at him. Zorro dives away, SMASHES
text: through the door of a building --
text: Alejandro and Joaquin peer over the roof's edge. Like the soldiers,
text: they wait for Zorro to reappear --
text: Black-gloved hands drop onto their shoulders. They spin --
text: It is Zorro. He has almost magically appeared behind them.
speaker_heading: ZORRO
dialog: My thanks to you, gentlemen.
text: He removes a MEDALLION from around his neck. It has an intricate
text: design: several circles within the large circle, with various lines
text: of radii intersecting.
speaker_heading: ZORRO
dialog: Here. A symbol of my gratitude. But
dialog: you’1l have to share it.
text: He holds it. It's a ceremonious moment. The Medallion gleams.
text: Alejandro reaches for it, but too late -- Joaquin takes it.
speaker_heading: ZORRO
dialog: Now -- if you’1l excuse me
text: And he steps off the roof, onto an overhang, leaps to a canopy, then
dialog: onto --
text: MONTERO'S BALCONY. Zorro holds his blade on Montero, who does not
text: flinch. Behind him, Don Luiz fades back, fingering his own throat.
speaker_heading: ZORRO
dialog: You were willing to kill those men to
dialog: trap me.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 5
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: I'd have killed a hundred men -- if I
dialog: could be sure that one of them was
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: ZORRO
dialog: You should have learned by now. No
dialog: innocent will die as long as I'm
text: alive to rescue them. Three men.
dialog: Three cuts.
text: Lightning-quick, he makes THREE QUICK CUTS on Montero's neck.
text: Montero slaps a hand up, covering them.
speaker_heading: ZORRO
dialog: A souvenir of your days in
dialog: California.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: Good-bye, Montero. And good
dialog: riddance.
dialog: He whistles --
text: ?A HUGE BLACK STALLION gallops into the square. Zorro leaps
text: from the balcony onto its back. Soldiers scramble as Zorro gallops
text: through them, up a flight of exterior stairs --
text: Silhouetted against the setting sun low on the horizon, Zorro on
text: horseback leaps from rooftop to rooftop, then is gone.
text: ON ALEJANDRO AND JOAQUIN, watch in awe as he disappears. With the
text: feeling of ceremony, Joaquin lifts the medallion, drapes it around
text: his neck. Alejandro reaches out to touch it, lightly, reverently.
text: ON THE BALCONY OVERLOOKING THE SQUARE. Montero lowers his hand from
text: his neck. On the palm is the bloody IMPRINT of a backwards 'Z',
text: mirroring the one on his neck.
text: Montero clenches his hand into a bloody fist.
scene_heading: EXT. SECRET CAVE - NIGHT 6
text: A waterfall cascades over stone. Zorro rides up, dismounts
text: smoothly. Removes the horse's tack and saddle, pets him.
speaker_heading: ZORRO
dialog: There you go, Tornado. Take the rest
dialog: of the night off.
text: Tornado snorts, gallops away. Saddle over his shoulder, Zorro
text: climbs a path, disappears behind the waterfall --
scene_heading: INT. DE LA VEGA HACIENDA - HALLWAY - NIGHT 7
text: A large GRANDFATHER CLOCK swings aside on oiled hinges. It is a
text: secret doorway, cave wall visible beyond. DIEGO DE LA VEGA steps
text: out. Mid-thirties, a dashing and handsome man.
scene_heading: INT. DE LA VEGA HACIENDA - ELENA'S ROOM - NIGHT 8
text: Diego steps in quietly. A striking view through the window: distant
text: cliffs above the moonlit ocean. A large stand of manzanita just
text: outside. But Diego's eyes are on the small occupant of a crib
text: beneath the window sill--
dialog: 
speaker_heading: [DIEGO
dialog: Hello, darling Elena. Do you want to
dialog: hear what your father did tonight?
dialog: It is quite the hair-raising
dialog: adventure -- J
text: In the crib is ELENA DE LA VEGA, almost two. A sleeping angel --
text: with funny-looking spiky hair. Diego dotes on her
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: (re: her hair)
dialog: Oh, you've heard it already?
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA (0.S.)
dialog: She doesn't understand a word you
dialog: say. She just likes the sound of
dialog: your voice.
text: [Standing in the doorway is ESPERANZA. She wears a simple dress
text: accented by a yellow pafuelo -- a full-length silk scarf.] If Elena
dialog: grows up to resemble her mother at all (and she will), she will
text: break a thousand hearts. Diego slips an arm around Esperanza's
dialog: waist.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: Someday she'll listen to my stories
dialog: that's all I ask.
scene_heading: INT. DE LA VEGA HACIENDA - SALA - NIGHT 9
text: Exposed oak beams. Elegant furniture and filled bookshelves. Lit
text: by candlelight. Diego and Elena enter.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: All I ask is you be around to tell
dialog: them.
text: More fear is in her tone than she intended. Diego notes it.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: Esperanza ...
text: She gestures ‘one moment.' Shuts her eyes, gathering herself. She
text: looks at Diego, in control of her fear now.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: Diego ... I love you ... and I love
dialog: you for what you do. But ... I can
dialog: smell the gunsmoke on you.
dialog: (wryly)
dialog: And you're not getting any younger --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: (pulls her close)
dialog: I assure you ... My bones aren't
text: brittle yet.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: Not all of them, anyway.
text: A passionate kiss -- [] Suddenly the door CRASHES open, a soldier's
text: full weight behind it. Other SOLDIERS spill in behind him.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: Madre de Dios --
text: Montero strides in. A blood-stained bandage is around his throat.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: Viceroy -- this is my home. what do
dialog: you want here?
dialog: (re: the bandage)
dialog: Did you cut yourself shaving?
speaker_heading: MONTERO.
dialog: Glib as ever, de la Vega. I have
dialog: come to settle things between us.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: There is nothing between us.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: You are a betrayer, de la Vega. You
dialog: have stood against me -- and your
dialog: fellow Dons -- for as long as I can
dialog: remember.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: Only when you were wrong. Which has
dialog: been as long as I can remember.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: You've secretly funded General Santa
dialog: Anna and his craven rebels -- Don't
dialog: deny it!
text: Montero regards Diego coldly.
speaker_heading: MONTERO (CONT'D)
dialog: You have many powerful friends, in
dialog: Spain as well as Mexico. But none
dialog: will seek revenge for the death of
dialog: Zorro.
text: Esperanza and Diego stare at him. And then -- they laugh.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: Believe me, Rafaél -- if he were
dialog: Zorro, I'd be the first to know.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: No, actually, I would --
text: Montero stares at Esperanza. He shakes his head.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: You chose badly, Esperanza. You gave
dialog: your love to the wrong man.
text: Her eyes blaze. She returns his gaze levelly.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: There was never any choice to make.
text: Diego steps between them. Glares at Montero.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: I think you're dizzy, Montero. From
dialog: loss of blood, perhaps?
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: For fifteen years Zorro has been a
dialog: thorn in my side. I've always
dialog: suspected you, de la Vega. I just
dialog: never had any proof.
text: From beneath his jacket he produces a black cape and mask -- poor
text: imitations of Zorro's. Holds them up to a SERGEANT.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: Find these somewhere.
dialog: (nods his head)
dialog: And kill him.
text: A soldier grabs for Diego. Diego evades him, slides the sword from
text: the soldier's belt. SLAMS the soldier hard into a wall.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: Now, you choose, Montero: Leave my
dialog: house. Or ...
dialog: (a deadly smile)
dialog: Actually, there's no choice there,
dialog: either.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: Everyone knows that Diego de la Vega
dialog: has no affection for the fight.
text: He attacks, engaging Diego -- who is, of course, Zorro. Montero
text: smiles at Diego's skill.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: You really are Zorro, aren't you?
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: Affection and ability are two
dialog: different things.
text: This time Diego attacks, forcing Montero back.
text: A soldier, sword drawn, moves to attack Diego's back --
text: Esperanza grabs a broom and trips him. The Sergeant is drawing his
text: pistol; Esperanza shoves the bristles into his face, knocking him
text: back, then smacks the pistol away.
text: A second soldier moves toward Diego and Montero, who continue their
text: duel, blades FLASHING in candlelight.
text: A third soldier moves toward Diego --
text: ?The Sergeant finds his lost pistol, takes aim at Diego --
text: ?Esperanza leaps to defend Diego from the third soldier --
dialog: ?The Sergeant FIRES --
text: The SHOT freezes the room. The next sound is --
scene_heading: ?ESPERANZA'S GASP --
text: Diego and Montero watch in horror as she crumples to the floor.
text: The Sergeant, aghast, still holds the smoking pistol.
text: As one, Diego and Montero lunge, their blades piercing the
text: Sergeant's heart. The Sergeant falls back against a standing
text: candelabra. It topples, setting curtains ABLAZE.
dialog: 
text: Diego drops his sword, leaps to Esperanza. He cradles her in his
text: arms, her blood staining his shirt.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: Oh, Esperanza ... Esperanza ...
text: Montero moves closer, stands over him, staring down in horror at
text: Esperanza. He is genuinely stricken, oblivious to the flames
text: growing around them.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: (soft; to himself)
dialog: You deserved better. You would have
dialog: loved to see Spain.
text: A BURNING BEAM CRASHES down, separating the two men. Diego throws
text: himself back as FLAMES ERUPT HIGHER --
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: Elena!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 9
text: He scrambles toward her room. WOOD CREAKS --
text: ?-- Diego turns as a section of WALL FALLS INWARD. He throws up
dialog: his arms in defense --
scene_heading: THE SCREEN GOES BLACK
scene_heading: EXT. DE LA VEGA HACIENDA - NIGHT 10
text: Diego lands hard; he comes to slowly. Firelight illumines his face.
text: He raises his hands -- they are chained. He is in a cage ona
text: wagon, with several other prisoners. His eyes focus, and he gasps -
text: -- through the bars he sees his hacienda ENGULFED IN FLAMES.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: Elena! ELENA!
speaker_heading: SOLDIER
text: She's still inside.
text: Diego snaps a look at him, his rage building. He rattles the cage
text: bars, lets loose an almost animal howl --
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: Montero! DAMN YOU TO HELL, MONTERO!
dialog: I will find you and kill you --
text: The Soldier RINGS his sword off the bars.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER
dialog: Shut up. The Viceroy didn't get out
dialog: either.
dialog: (to the driver)
dialog: Take him away! You'll rot in the
dialog: dungeons at Talamantes, de la Vega.
dialog: You'll die there.
text: The wagon starts forward with a jerk. Diego stares at the BURNING
text: HACIENDA. He collapses back, draws his knees up to his chest,
dialog: defeated.
text: Rain begins to fall.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: I... am dead all ready.
dialog: (a whisper)
dialog: Esperanza ... Elena
text: The Soldier watches the wagon disappear.
text: From the Hacienda comes the sound of the ROOF COLLAPSING. And then
speaker_heading: SHOUTS --
text: A FIGURE appears, runs OUT OF THE FLAMES. Cloaked in a smoldering
text: carpet. Soldiers gather round him --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 10
text: The figure throws back the carpet from his face, leaves it wrapped
text: around him like a cape. It is MONTERO.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER
dialog: Viceroy! You're all right -- ?
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: Where's de la Vega?
speaker_heading: SOLDIER
dialog: Gone -- to Talamantes. With the
dialog: others.
text: Montero is livid. This is not what he intended.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: No! Get him back here! I'll kill
dialog: him --
text: A SCOUT steps forward.
speaker_heading: SCOUT
dialog: No time, sir. There are Mexican
dialog: troops just over the hills. They'll
dialog: see the fire --
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: Damn!
text: Montero stares in the direction Diego's wagon went. Considers his
dialog: course of action.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: Damn him. Let's go.
text: There comes the soft sound of a BABY CRYING. Montero throws the
dialog: carpet all the way off --
text: In his arms is ELENA. He cradles her, protecting her from the rain.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: Shh, nifia. Shh. I'll take care of
dialog: you.
dialog: (pulls her close)
dialog: You should have been mine, and now
dialog: you are.
text: The rain POURS down, extinguishing the FLAMES of the burning
text: hacienda. Smoke pours across the huge, full moon.
speaker_heading: +OMIT 11
speaker_heading: +OMIT 12
scene_heading: SLOW DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 14.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - DAY - TWENTY YEARS LATER 13
text: CLOSE ON: THE MEDALLION. Hanging from the neck of JOAQUIN MURIETTA,
text: twenty years older. Intense, earnest -- and in trouble. Also
text: around his neck is a ROPE, tying him to --
text: -- ALEJANDRO MURIETTA, trailing behind. Handsome despite his
text: unkempt hair and shaggy beard. Their hands apparently tied behind
dialog: them, they are prisoners of --
text: THREE-FINGERED JACK, a powerfully-built man, the rough look of a
text: bounty hunter. Only three fingers on his left hand; the bones of
text: the other two jut from his hat band. On horseback, he leads the
text: brothers by the rope.
text: They crest a hill. In the distance is a WATERING STATION -- a small
text: produce shack with a horse trough and feed bins.
text: Jack grins, gives the rope a yank. Alejandro and Joaquin exchange a
text: defeated glance, trudge forward --
scene_heading: EXT. WATERING STATION -- DAY 14
text: CLOSE ON: A POSTER: 'WANTED: THE MURIETTA BROTHERS.' Passable
text: drawings of Joaquin and Alejandro.
text: The poster is being nailed to a post by CORPORAL LOPEZ, a bandy cock
text: soldier. He is watched by the OWNER, his little GIRL, an OLD MAN
text: and a FARMER.
text: Three SOLDIERS loiter, guarding a horse-drawn wagon. Their horses
text: drink, and the soldiers help themselves to produce -- to the Owner's
dialog: disgust.
speaker_heading: [FARMER
dialog: The army should be capturing these
text: bandits -- instead of just nailing up
dialog: wanted posters. People have been
dialog: disappearing --]
dialog: (worried)
dialog: I haven't seen Jose Gonzales in
dialog: weeks.
speaker_heading: OWNER
dialog: He's right. There are more and more
dialog: disaparecidos all the time. Farmers
dialog: Indians -- even woman and children.
dialog: No one's safe.
speaker_heading: LOPEZ
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: A few peasants disappear, what does
dialog: it matter? These Muriettas actually
dialog: dare to rob cabelleros and soldiers.
speaker_heading: FARMER
dialog: The only ones with any money.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 14
speaker_heading: [OLD MAN
dialog: Zorro could capture them. Zorro
dialog: could find the disappeared ones].
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Who's Zorro?
text: Lopez rolls his eyes.
speaker_heading: LOPEZ
dialog: You peasants. Have to have your
dialog: little stories about Zorro.
text: He picks up a tomato lazily, bites into it.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: (to the girl)
dialog: Zorro was a great man -- a champion.
dialog: He protected us. He would stop the
dialog: disappearances, if he were here.
speaker_heading: OWNER
dialog: He would make people pay for the food
dialog: they ate.
text: Lopez backhands him -- suddenly and violently.
speaker_heading: LOPEZ
dialog: These are taxes. To pay the soldiers
dialog: who do protect you.
text: He kneels beside the Girl, addresses her like a kindly uncle.
speaker_heading: LOPEZ (CONT'D)
dialog: I'll tell you who Zorro was. Zorro
text: was a crazy man who wore a mask. Do
dialog: you know what that makes him? A
dialog: bandit. And if he showed himself
dialog: around here, we'd treat him just like
dialog: any other bandit.
dialog: (a tomato-red smile)
dialog: We'd hunt him down and kill him.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FARMER
dialog: Or get someone to do it for you.
text: He points. Everyone looks where he's pointing: At JACK, leading
text: ALEJANDRO and JOAQUIN, coming up the road.
text: The soldiers raise their rifles warily. Lopez gestures for them to
text: wait as Jack draws near.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I heard soldiers came through here
dialog: every week. I think I got some
dialog: people you want to meet.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 14
speaker_heading: FARMER
dialog: (looking at the poster)
dialog: It's them! It's the Murietta
dialog: brothers.
text: Lopez examines the brothers. Squints at the poster. Jack
text: dismounts, crowds forward, everyone trying to see the poster
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: So -- how much is the reward?
dialog: (Lopez glares at him)
dialog: Just asking.
speaker_heading: JOAQUIN
dialog: (boastful)
dialog: Well, these soldiers are delivering
dialog: the army payroll. That sounds about
dialog: right.
speaker_heading: LOPEZ
dialog: Ha. The reward's two hundred pesos.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: (aghast )
dialog: Two hundred pesos? For each of us?
text: Joaquin reaches up, tears down the poster, looks at it
speaker_heading: JOAQUIN
dialog: For both of us!
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: That's insulting!
dialog: (to Jack)
dialog: If I were you, I wouldn't accept it.
dialog: You worked too hard to catch us.
text: Lopez's eyes widen -- he finally notices that Joaquin's hands are
text: free, holding the poster. He points --
speaker_heading: LOPEZ
dialog: Hey -- you're not tied up!
text: A 'click' -- Lopez is looking down the barrel of Jack's pistol; he
text: freezes. But the soldiers are startled into action. Two rush at
dialog: Jack --
text: Alejandro steps to one side, drops to his knees --
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: Joaquin! Down!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 14
text: Joaquin drops to his knees. The rope between them is taut.
text: Alejandro keeps a grip on the rope, leaving some slack around his
text: neck -- but Joaquin doesn't. He is choked, yanked over as the
text: soldiers trip over the rope.
text: Alejandro slips the rope off his neck, jumps the two downed
dialog: soldiers, subdues them --
text: The third soldier takes aim at Alejandro. Joaquin draws a sword --
text: an old, tarnished spadroon -- from where it was hidden in Jack's
text: bedroll. He dives, knocks the rifle aside as the soldier FIRES, the
text: shot going wide.
text: The soldier attacks Joaquin with his bayonet -- and disarms him
text: easily. His sword goes flying.
speaker_heading: JOAQUIN
dialog: Hey!
text: Joaquin grabs the rifle barrel, and yanks it away -- then swings it
text: like a bat, clocking the soldier.
text: It's over in seconds, and Lopez is still staring down Jack's gun
text: barrel. The onlookers are a little stunned by it all.
speaker_heading: JOAQUIN
dialog: (rubbing his throat)
dialog: Damn it, Alejandro -- next time, warn
dialog: me.
text: [Alejandro doesn't look up. He's too busy going through the
text: unconscious soldiers' pockets. ]
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: Next time.
text: Jack, gun still on Lopez, picks up the Wanted Poster.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Look at this. I'm not on here.
dialog: (to Lopez)
dialog: I'm Three-Fingered Jack. How hard is
dialog: it to remember that?
dialog: (holds up his hand)
dialog: Three fingers! See? Three-Fingered
dialog: Jack!
text: [Now Alejandro's loading food into a basket as he makes the peasants
dialog: turn their pockets inside-out. He's not impressed. ]
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: Maybe you shouldn't make an issue of
dialog: it, Jack.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I'm a member of this gang. I want a
dialog: little respect.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 14
text: The Old Man brings Joaquin his sword. Joaquin takes it, makes a few
text: swipes.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Are you supposed to be Zorro?
speaker_heading: JOAQUIN
dialog: (flattered)
dialog: You think I look like Zorro?
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: No.
text: [Joaquin deflates. Alejandro chuckles, tosses the basket of food
text: into the wagon, climbs on.]
speaker_heading: OLD MAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Zorro wasn't a bandit. He just used
dialog: to wear a medallion like yours,
dialog: that's all.
speaker_heading: JOAQUIN
dialog: Go away.
text: He climbs up on the wagon beside Alejandro.
speaker_heading: JOAQUIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Let's get out of here.
text: He tries to ignore Alejandro's grin. Alejandro flicks the reins.
text: The wagon moves.
speaker_heading: LOPEZ
dialog: Captain Love will have your heads for
dialog: this.
text: Jack still has his gun on Lopez. He raises his hand -- Lopez cowers
text: back -- but Jack just displays his fingers.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Remember: Three-Fingered Jack.
speaker_heading: LOPEZ
dialog: I'll remember.
text: He mounts his horse, smiles 'thank you.' Waves daintily, spurs the
text: horse. Follows the wagon away, leaving behind unconscious soldiers,
text: excited onlookers, and an angry Lopez.
speaker_heading: +OMIT 15
scene_heading: EXT. HILLSIDE/RAVINE - DAY 16
text: The wagon, driverless, horseless, careens down the hillside, SMASHES
text: into the ravine.
text: ?Jack, wielding a pry bar, SNAPS OPEN a strongbox lock.
text: ?Joaquin strips off the lock, throws back the lid --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 16
text: The box is filled with GOLD INGOTS. The outlaws gasp.
text: ?Alejandro lifts one out. Turns it in his hands.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: We're rich.
dialog: (to Joaquin)
dialog: We can keep it, right?
speaker_heading: JOAQUIN
dialog: Half. Half we give to the mission.
speaker_heading: [ALEJANDRO
dialog: Don't start that! What've they ever
dialog: done for us?
speaker_heading: JOAQUIN
dialog: Fray Felipe raised us -- taught us --
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: And we turned out so well. That gold
dialog: is ours! We should just take it and
dialog: run!
speaker_heading: JOAQUIN
dialog: Dammit, Alejandro --]
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: This isn't some army payroll. This
dialog: is something else -- something big.
dialog: They'll hunt us down. We'll just be
text: three more disaparecidos.
speaker_heading: JOAQUIN
dialog: Zorro would never have run away --
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: Look around, Joaquin! Do any of us
dialog: look like Zorro?
dialog: (pointed)
dialog: No!
text: Joaquin regards him. Then puts a hand on his shoulder
speaker_heading: JOAQUIN
dialog: So we ride to the mission. In honor
dialog: of Zorro.
text: Alejandro looks at him; the point is settled. Alejandro turns the
text: bar of gold in his hands; sunlight FLARES off of it --
dialog: 20.
scene_heading: INT. SHIP - HOLD - DAY 17
text: Slashes of light shine down through the deck. SWORDS CRASH --
text: ?Two figures duel with classic small swords. One is an OLD
text: SALT, gray and grizzled but still spry. The other one is younger,
text: with long hair, tied back.
text: They duel amongst the boxes of cargo. The Old Salt feints, then
text: lunges -- and FREEZES. His opponent's blade is aimed directly at
text: his heart. He looks up at --
text: ELENA. Even wearing man's clothes she is breathtaking. The Old
text: Salt knocks her blade away, snorts in self-disgust.
speaker_heading: OLD SALT
dialog: You got a knack for the blade, girl.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: My father is an expert swordsman.
speaker_heading: OLD SALT
dialog: Then how come you go to old sailors
dialog: for your lessons. Old sailors ...
dialog: and Spanish Gypsies.
dialog: (her surprise confirms it)
dialog: Thought I knew the style.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: My father would say ... it is
dialog: improper for a lady to learn the
dialog: sword. He is a very proper man.
dialog: (sighs; troubled)
dialog: And I don't think I'm the proper
dialog: daughter he deserves.
text: Suddenly the hatch opens; light floods in.
speaker_heading: MONTERO (0.S.)
dialog: Elena!
text: Elena and Old Salt exchange shocked glances.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN (0.S.)
dialog: I can't imagine what she'd be doing
text: in the hold.
speaker_heading: MONTERO (0.S.)
dialog: Neither can I -- but I can't find her
dialog: anywhere else.
text: [Elena makes a decision. Tosses the Old Salt her sword, grabs up a
text: traveling cloak -- and wriggles out through a porthole. ]
text: The Old Salt strikes a nonchalant pose -- realizes he still holds
text: the swords. He stashes them, reassumes his pose -- just in time as
text: the CAPTAIN finds him.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 17
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: We are looking for Don Montero's
dialog: daughter. Have you seen her?
speaker_heading: OLD SALT
dialog: Down here? Not unless she's got a
dialog: taste for rats.
text: Montero looks in distastefully from the top of the stairway.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
text: Hardly. She is a refined and
dialog: delicate lady.
speaker_heading: +OMIT 18
scene_heading: EXT. SHIP - DECK - DAY 19
text: [Montero, the Captain and the Old Salt emerge from the hold. The
text: Old Salt spots Elena, climbing over the seaward rail. She pleads to
text: him with her eyes. He turns so that the Captain and Montero's backs
dialog: are to her.]
speaker_heading: OLD SALT
dialog: I don't want to be a Jonah -- but
dialog: could she have...?
dialog: (jerks his head overboard)
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: (to the Captain)
dialog: If she has fallen overboard, I will
dialog: hold you and your crew responsible --
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Who's fallen overboard, father?
text: They turn. Elena stands there, the traveling cloak concealing her
dialog: attire.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: I was afraid you had --
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: You were looking for me? Why?
dialog: Something exciting, I hope.
text: He smiles at her enthusiasm. He offers her his arm.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: Something you've never seen before.
scene_heading: EXT. SHIP - DECK - RAIL - DAY 20
text: Montero and Elena are at the rail, his hands over her eyes.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 20
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: California.
text: He uncovers her eyes. Elena gasps. Across the white-capped waves,
text: the golden hills move past.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: We're there?
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: Our new home.
text: She hugs Montero, her eyes still taking in the sight.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: All my life, it seems, I've dreamed
dialog: of California.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Don Montero ... your boat is ready.
dialog: But I tell you again ... this delay
dialog: will put the tides against us.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: No matter. I must go ashore.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Why, Father? What's wrong?
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: Nothing, dear. Nothing that need
dialog: concern you.
text: Montero looks away, out across the water, lost in thought.
scene_heading: INT. TALAMANTES PRISON - DAY 21
text: A TORCH blazes. Montero carries it, trailed by the Warden and
dialog: several guards.
text: The cell block is all wet stone and rusted iron bars. Narrow shafts
text: of sunlight are swallowed by the oppressive darkness.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: His name is Diego de la Vega. He
dialog: must be here.
speaker_heading: WARDEN
dialog: I'm sorry, sir, but we don't keep
dialog: records. Prisoners have no need for
dialog: names. And only the dead leave
dialog: Talamantes.
text: Montero shoves the torch between the bars of a cell. Only then do
text: we see the prisoner inside, blinking painfully at the light. It's
dialog: not Diego.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 21
text: Montero moves to the next cell: not Diego. The next: Not Diego.
text: The next. The next
text: A prisoner lies on the ground, unmoving. Eyes staring. Flies
text: buzzing -- he's dead. And he's not Diego. Montero moves on.
speaker_heading: WARDEN
dialog: Get a coffin. Bury him.
text: [One of the Guards -- ORDAZ -- unlocks the cell door. The other two
dialog: stay with Montero and the warden. ]
text: Montero moves faster, checking one cell after another, one face
text: after another, recognizing none of them.
text: In one cell, a prisoner sits huddled in the shadows. Montero shoves
dialog: the torch in --
text: CLOSE ON: THE PRISONER'S EYES. Reflecting the torch light.
text: It is DIEGO. Twenty years older, Diego has been ravaged by time.
text: Bearded, gray hair, face heavily lined -- none from laughter. One
text: leg is manacled, the chain bolted into the wall.
text: Montero peers at him. No recognition. He moves on, throwing the
text: cell back into darkness.
text: But Diego has recognized Montero. He steps out of the shadows,
text: staring after him.
text: Diego watches Montero continue down the block, the Warden and the
text: other two guards trailing.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: You must be right, Warden. He must
dialog: be dead
text: Diego grabs the bars, rattles them in anger.
speaker_heading: [DIEGO
dialog: (a whisper)
dialog: He's alive ...]
text: A SCRAPE from down the hall. Diego sees:
text: +ORDAZ, dragging a rough wooden coffin to the dead man's 22 21A
text: cell. Diego's eyes narrow --
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: Guard!
text: His voice is just a raw croak. Ordaz looks up.
speaker_heading: ORDAZ
dialog: I thought you were dumb.
text: Diego motions him closer. Ordaz moves warily.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 21A
speaker_heading: ORDAZ (CONT'D)
dialog: I been here ten years. What's so
dialog: important, you have to talk now?
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: (still hoarse)
dialog: The man that man is looking for
dialog: I know who he is.
speaker_heading: ORDAZ
dialog: who?
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: You'll get a reward. I want some,
dialog: too. Better food. More of it.
text: Ordaz thinks it over.
speaker_heading: ORDAZ
dialog: If it's worth something to Don
dialog: Montero, it'll be worth something to
dialog: you.
text: Diego nods reluctantly. Ordaz checks for listeners, moves close to
text: the bars. Lowers his voice.
speaker_heading: ORDAZ (CONT'D)
dialog: Who is it?
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: Me.
text: He whips the rope belt from his pants, loops it around the guard's
text: neck, yanks his head into the bars with a CLANG. Ordaz fights --
text: Diego CLANGS him again. And again.
text: Ordaz slumps, unconscious. Diego grabs Ordaz's key ring, unlocks
text: his cell door, drags the Guard inside.
text: He smiles as he tries one of the keys on his manacle. It doesn't
text: work. He tries anther. No good. Then another, and another, each
dialog: more frantically --
text: None of the keys fit. Crushed, Diego drops the key ring.
text: He searches Ordaz. Finds a dagger his boot, tries to fiddle the
text: lock with it, digs at the ring in the wall -- useless.
text: Diego feels defeated. Then his gaze falls on --
text: ?-- Ordaz's POWDER HORN.
text: Diego pours black powder into the manacle's keyhole. Packs it with
text: the dagger. Uses a strip of Ordaz's tunic as wadding.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 21A
text: He wraps more of the tunic around his manacled foot to protect it.
text: A pouch on Ordaz's belt holds shot and flints. Diego strikes one of
text: the flints against the dagger.
text: The wadding smolders. Diego blows it to life. The makeshift fuse
text: burns quickly. Diego hauls Ordaz's body between him and the manacle
dialog: as a shield --
text: THE POWDER EXPLODES with a flash, blowing open the manacle --
text: Diego strips the now-BURNING wrap off his foot, teeth gritted,
text: screaming a silent scream. His foot is blackened and bloody. But
text: the toes are all still there. He wriggles them thankfully.
text: A large chunk of metal juts from Ordaz's chest. Diego shoves him
text: aside without remorse. He stands. Winces at the pain from his
text: foot. Looks down at Ordaz's. At his BOOTS.
scene_heading: INT. TALAMANTES PRISON - NEW ANGLE - DAY 23
text: The two other Guards, with a BURIAL DETAIL of four prisoners, go
text: into the dead man's cell. The coffin lies there, shut tight. No
dialog: body.
speaker_heading: SECOND GUARD
dialog: Where's Ordaz?
speaker_heading: THIRD GUARD
dialog: Who cares? You four -- haul that out
dialog: of here.
text: The prisoners move to lift the coffin --
text: ?It_is heavy. They struggle. The Prison Guard snaps a flail.
speaker_heading: THIRD GUARD
dialog: Put your backs into it!
text: They haul the coffin up, and carry it through the door, into the
text: corridor. They carry it past --
text: DIEGO'S CELL. Where a prisoner huddles in the shadows. ORDAZ, the
text: dead guard. His feet are bare.
scene_heading: EXT. TALAMANTES PRISON - DAY 24
text: The prisoners, sweaty with exertion, lower the coffin into a
text: freshly-dug shallow grave. They spade dirt in on top of it --
scene_heading: EXT. TALAMANTES PRISON - NIGHT 25
text: The graveyard. The white crosses glow in the light of the moon.
text: The fresh grave. There is the sound of wood SPLINTERING. The dirt
scene_heading: SHIFTS. Moves. CAVES IN --
text: Diego's hand, clutching the dagger, shoves out the dirt.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 25
text: Diego hauls himself out of the coffin, out of the earth. He gasps
text: for air; draws deep, cleansing breaths. He looks back into the
text: coffin, at the body. Crosses himself.
text: He rises. His leg buckles. Diego grabs one of the wooden crosses.
text: Uses it as a crutch, he limps from the graveyard.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. COASTLINE - BEACH - NIGHT 25A
text: A rocky cove, spectacular in the moonlight. A campfire burns just
text: short of the treeline. Joaquin and Alejandro lay on bedrolls.
text: Three-Fingered Jack stands watch.
speaker_heading: JOAQUIN
dialog: ... I've always wanted a horse. A
dialog: black one. And a silver trimmed
text: saddle and silver stirrups. People
dialog: will see me and say, ‘There, that
dialog: must be a great man.'
text: Three-Fingered Jack leaves his post, comes toward the fire.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I know what I'm going to do with my
dialog: share. I'm going to 'Frisco. I'll
dialog: sip amontillado, buy the most
dialog: beautiful women, and smoke
dialog: cigarettes. How 'bout you,
dialog: Alejandro?
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: I couldn't hope to match the grandeur
dialog: of your dreams.
speaker_heading: JOAQUIN
dialog: Oh, come on. Tell us again about the
dialog: Magnificent hacienda, the love of a
text: sweet, dark-eyed sefiorita who calls
dialog: you Don Alejandro
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: You keep your horse, Joaquin. I'll
dialog: keep my sefiorita --
text: There is a CRACK from the darkness. The three freeze, and then
text: Alejandro dives for his gun --
text: -- but stops short, a BAYONET in his face, freezing him. A soldier
text: stands over him.
text: The camp is quickly circled by soldiers, some with lanterns, some on
text: horses, all with guns leveled.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 25A
text: A man on a superb buckskin horse looms out of the darkness: CAPTAIN
text: HARRISON LOVE. His posture is perfect, his gaze intense. A dueling
text: scar on his left cheek. He wears a small sword; a saber hangs ina
text: scabbard from his saddle. First, last and always, he is a soldier.
text: He has a Texas accent.
text: Love gazes down imperiously, a wanted poster in his hand.
speaker_heading: LOVE
dialog: So. The infamous Murietta Bandits.
dialog: (nods to Jack)
dialog: And you must be Three-Fingered Jack.
text: He displays the poster. It's a new one, with three drawings:
text: Joaquin, Alejandro ... and a three-fingered hand. Jack slips his
text: hand behind his back.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Maybe ... maybe not.
speaker_heading: LOVE
dialog: I am Captain Harrison Love, of the
dialog: First Dragoons of California. And
dialog: you are my prisoners.
dialog: (mocking)
dialog: Truth to tell, I expected more of a
dialog: fight.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: If you insist.
text: Alejandro kicks away the rifle pointed at him. Grabs two burning
text: logs and virtually throws the campfire at the soldiers. SHOTS are
speaker_heading: FIRED --
text: Soldiers scatter as Love's horse rears back. Jack grabs his pistol,
text: SHOOTS a soldier. Joaquin dives for his sword. He runs a soldier
dialog: through --
text: A soldier reloads his breech-loader from a cartridge pouch.
text: Alejandro shoves a burning log at the pouch, IGNITING it. He pushes
dialog: the soldier into two others --
text: ?The cartridges EXPLODE, taking all three out --
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: Scatter!
text: He grabs one of the soldiers' swords. The outlaws run. SHOTS
dialog: follow them --
speaker_heading: LOVE
dialog: You two -- secure the strongbox! The
dialog: rest -- after them!
text: He spurs his horse after Joaquin, the soldiers following --
dialog: 28.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - VARIOUS - NIGHT 25B
text: ON ALEJANDRO: who heads uphill. He breaks into a clearing, where an
text: ARMED SOLDIER turns and sees him.
text: Alejandro brandishes his sword with a flourish.
text: ?The Armed Soldier grins, pulls his pistol.
text: ?Alejandro looks distressed at the sight of the gun. He flinches,
text: raising his sword as the SHOT is FIRED --
text: The SOUND of bullet hitting steel. Alejandro looks: his sword is
text: broken. But he is okay. He grins --
text: Now the Armed Soldier looks distressed. He tries to re-load his
text: pistol -- Alejandro hurls the sword hilt at him, hitting him in the
text: head. He grabs the soldier's LANTERN, takes off.
text: A RIDER and a SOLDIER on foot turn and look: Alejandro's LANTERN
text: bobs in and among the trees. They follow.
text: +0N JOAQUIN: running down a rock-covered slope into a spill of 25C¢
text: moonlight. He pulls up short: a deadfall blocks his way. He
text: unsheathes his sword, turns. A SHOT ricochets nearby; he dives for
text: cover. Another SHOT kicks rock chips into his face.
text: +0N JACK: who is chased along the shore. One soldier braces his 25D
text: rifle on a piece of driftwood. FIRES --
text: ?Jack crumples, shot in the leg. Soldiers converge.
text: ON ALEJANDRO: who comes to the edge of a steep hill. He sees
text: Joaquin below on the rocky slope. Sounds of pursuit near.
text: The Rider gestures; they split up. The Soldier creeps toward the
text: bobbing LANTERN. He steps around a tree, pistol leveled.
text: The LANTERN hangs from a bobbing tree branch.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER
dialog: It's a damned trick --
text: He turns -- too late; Alejandro hits him hard, knocks him out.
text: Grabs the pistol and rifle, extinguishes the lantern.
text: ON JOAQUIN: pinned by rifle fire. One soldier moves closer -- and
text: has a clear shot at Joaquin. He draws a bead --
dialog: ?-- and a SHOT kills him --
text: ON ALEJANDRO: who looks up from the sights of his stolen rifle,
text: smiles.
text: ON JOAQUIN: as another soldier charges forward, bayonet at ready.
text: Joaquin parries the thrust -- but the bayonet impales him in the
text: thigh. He cries out, clubs the man down.
text: Love reins up.
text: ?Joaquin stands there, sword drawn, waiting.
text: ?Love smiles. Draws the heavy saber from its scabbard.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 25D
text: ?Joaquin doesn't like the looks of this. He dodges left, but
text: his leg betrays him --
text: ?Love's horse sidesteps in half-pass, cutting him off.
dialog: ?Joaquin tries again --
text: ?Love backs the horse up, its body blocking Joaquin off. He's
text: playing with him, a cat with a mouse.
text: Love swings his saber at Joaquin, who barely parries in time, the
text: heavy blade knocking him off-balance. He falls backward.
text: Love advances. The horse rears, draws its front legs in -- a
text: levade. It kicks out with its front legs, smashes Joaquin's sword
text: from his grasp. It lands in the deadfall, out of sight.
speaker_heading: LOVE
dialog: You are not worthy of that blade,
dialog: Murietta.
text: Love's face gives no hope of mercy. Joaquin gambles: he feints,
text: then dives, rolls beneath the horse, comes up on the other side --
text: Love's buckskin pirouettes, the spin giving impetus to Love's blade,
text: slicing through the air, toward Joaquin's neck --
text: -- and suddenly THE MEDALLION IS SAILING FREE.
text: ?It lands in a crevice, stained by Joaquin's blood.
text: ON ALEJANDRO: his eyes wide in shock.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: Joaquin! JOAQUIN!
text: Furious, he breaks from his hiding place, toward Love --
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: Damn you, you bastard! DAMN YOU!
dialog: He FIRES the pistol --
text: ?Love doesn't flinch. The bullet barely misses him, hits a tree
text: behind him. He draws a handkerchief from his sleeve, wipes his
text: blade, his eyes never leaving Alejandro.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: I'll kill you!
text: Several mounted soldiers join Love. Jack, still alive, is slung
text: over the saddle of one. Alejandro pulls up short.
dialog: ?The soldiers take aim --
text: Alejandro leaps for the Rider who was hunting him, knocks him off
text: his horse. Swings across the saddle in a trick-riding mount. He
text: reins the horse around, stares down at Love.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: I will see you dead, Love!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 25D
text: RIFLE FIRE tears up the tree beside Alejandro. He wheels the horse
text: disappears into the woods.
text: ON LOVE: as he gestures for his soldiers to pursue.
speaker_heading: LOVE
dialog: Go, capture him.
dialog: (to one soldier)
dialog: You -- bring this one's body.
dialog: (sharp)
dialog: And take special care with the head!
scene_heading: EXT. BAY - BEACH - MORNING 26
text: Montero's ship lies at anchor. Longboats row toward shore. The
text: beach is undeveloped -- no buildings or docks -- but full of
text: activity: VAQUEROS stack cured cattle hides. Trappers, traders, set
text: out their wares.
text: A small knot of CABALLEROS wait, away from the others. They are
text: powerful dons, dressed in their silver-trimmed finery.
text: The first longboat hits the beach. Montero steps out of it. DON
text: LUIZ, elderly now, one eye milky with cataracts steps forward. He
text: carries a dark wood alcalde's cane.
speaker_heading: DON LUIZ
dialog: (loudly)
dialog: The Viceroy is returned!
text: Some cheers from the gathering people on the beach, and a number of
text: frowns. But the cabelleros applaud, step forward. Among them: DON
text: HECTOR, who resembles a bulldog. DON AGUILAR, a bow-legged dandy.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Welcome back to California, Don
dialog: Montero.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: Don Hector ... It's been a long time
dialog: Don Aguilar ... Don Ramon
dialog: (smiles warmly)
dialog: Luiz.
speaker_heading: DON LUIZ
dialog: Rafaél.
text: They embrace.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: You look comfortable holding the
dialog: alcalde's cane, Don Luiz.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 26
text: Don Luiz regards the silver-handled cane in his hand. It is
text: distinctive -- polished, but still retaining the natural twists and
text: curves of the wood.
speaker_heading: DON LUIZ
text: The alcalde's job is difficult -- but
dialog: it does seem to suit me
speaker_heading: BYSTANDER
dialog: (a little too loudly)
dialog: Ha -- the alcalde's as crooked as his
dialog: cane!
text: Don Luiz spots him, raises his cane angrily --
speaker_heading: DON LUIZ
dialog: How dare you --
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: Wait, Don Luiz.
dialog: (to the Bystander)
dialog: You're unhappy with the way you're
dialog: being governed?
text: The Bystander screws up his courage -- and tells the truth.
speaker_heading: BYSTANDER
dialog: . Yes.
text: Montero turns, addresses a TRADER, drawing in listeners.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: And you -- you feel ill-served by
dialog: your government? Neglected?
speaker_heading: TRADER
dialog: Except at tax time.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Of course. Tell me, Don Luiz -- are
dialog: you carrying out the edicts of
dialog: Mexico?
speaker_heading: LUIZ
dialog: As best I can --
text: Montero plays to the crowd, an impromptu stump speech.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: That's the problem! You are being
text: ruled by a government in absentia.
dialog: You have no representation. No voice
dialog: in your own futures
text: There are nods, murmurs of agreement. One man is not smiling as he
text: pushes through the crowd --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DIEGO.
text: He stares fiercely at Montero, murder in his eyes. He moves toward
text: the front. He still uses his make-shift cane.
speaker_heading: MONTERO (CONT'D)
dialog: That's what led to the formation of
dialog: the Republic of Texas! The Republic
dialog: of New Mexico! Perhaps it is time
dialog: for Californios to take the reins of
dialog: the destiny of California!
text: The crowd begins to buzz about the idea. With a smile, Montero
text: moves on, surrounded by the dons.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: It's a heady idea, isn't it? An
dialog: independent California ...
speaker_heading: DON LUIZ
dialog: Was General Santa Anna willing to
dialog: listen to our proposal?
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: Santa Anna will listen to anything,
text: as long as it ends with the sound of
text: change in his pockets.
dialog: (it's great news)
dialog: He has agreed to our proposal.
text: The Dons are happily surprised.
speaker_heading: MONTERO (CONT'D)
dialog: He'll be arriving at the end of the
dialog: month.
speaker_heading: DON LUIZ
dialog: My God ... that's wonderful.
dialog: Wonderful news.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: You are a miracle worker, Don
dialog: Montero.
text: Montero glances down the beach --
text: Captain Love rides toward them at full gallop. A BURLAP BAG hangs
text: from his saddle, holding something basketball-sized.
text: Love dismounts even as the horse is slowing. Diego is cut off; he
text: changes course through the crowd, frustrated.
text: Love strides to Montero, grasps his hand.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 26
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: Harrison! I was wondering where you
dialog: were.
speaker_heading: LOVE
dialog: Don Montero! Good to see you, sir!
speaker_heading: DON LUIZ
dialog: On your recommendation, Captain Love
text: has taken command of the presidio.
dialog: He has done an excellent job ridding
dialog: the pueblo of its less desirable
dialog: elements.
text: ON DIEGO, moving closer. A small motion, and something drops from
text: his sleeve into his hand: a DAGGER.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: When you wrote to me of the
dialog: lawlessness in California, I knew it
dialog: called for a strong hand.
text: Love rests his hand on the burlap bag hanging from his saddle.
speaker_heading: LOVE
text: And a sharp sword.
dialog: (humbly)
dialog: In fact, I believe it is safe to say
dialog: that there is nothing and no one to
dialog: fear in all of California.
text: ON DIEGO: who nears his target, intent on Montero's back --
text: ELENA disembarks from a second long boat. As she moves up the
text: beach, a scent catches her attention. She investigates, plucks a
text: bloom from a manzanita bush.
text: Diego draws his arm back, the blade glinting --
speaker_heading: ELENA (0.S.)
dialog: Father!
dialog: As one, Diego and Montero turn --
text: Recognition, shock, fills Diego's face.
text: Smiling, Elena hurries toward them.
text: Diego stares, frozen, as his daughter approaches --
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: (a whisper)
dialog: Dios Mio :
text: -- but then Elena_goes past Diego, to Montero. Diego follows her
text: with his eyes, feeling the pain and loss of two decades.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 26
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: Gentlemen. Allow me to present my
dialog: daughter, Elena...
text: Hector bows. Don Luiz's expression betrays him: he's startled by
text: the claim. But he accepts it, and bows.
speaker_heading: DON LUIZ
dialog: I am honored, Sefiorita.
text: Diego watches, his heart breaking.
text: Love takes Elena's hand. Their eyes meet.
speaker_heading: LOVE
dialog: Elena -- your beauty is always
dialog: welcome. Particularly in this
dialog: barbarous place.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: It would be welcome anywhere.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Father, please -- his compliment was
dialog: flattering enough. But thank you for
dialog: leaping to my defense.
dialog: (kisses his cheek)
dialog: What would I do without you?
text: The dagger drops from Diego's hand. His eyes show realization: he
text: cannot kill Montero. He stumbles, fades into the crowd.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Father, what is this flower? It
text: smells very familiar.
speaker_heading: LOVE
dialog: That's manzanita. But you must be
dialog: mistaken about its familiarity. It's
dialog: native to California.
text: Elena frowns, puzzled. Don Luiz ushers them all up the beach.
speaker_heading: DON LUIZ
dialog: Come with me, Don Montero. I've had
dialog: your hacienda prepared for your
dialog: arrival.
dialog: Love nearly steps on something --
text: ?The abandoned DAGGER. He picks it up, examines it. Glances
text: suspiciously into the crowds.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 35.
scene_heading: EXT. COASTLINE - ROCKY SLOPE - DAY 27
text: The site of Joaquin's death. Empty. Quiet. Alejandro appears
text: exhausted. He ties his horse to the deadfall -- and sees Joaquin's
text: sword. Stares at it a long moment.
text: DRIED BLOOD stains the rocks where Joaquin's body lay. Alejandro
text: kneels beside the spot. A FLASH OF LIGHT catches his eye. Sunlight
text: glints off of something:
text: THE MEDALLION.
text: ?Alejandro picks it up -- and can't hold back his tears. Alone
text: on the rocky slope, he cries, his body hunched in mourning.
speaker_heading: +OMIT 28
speaker_heading: +OMIT 29
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN SQUARE - CANTINA - DAY 30
text: The cantina is a glorified lean-to, open view to the street and town
text: square. Diego steps in, goes straight to the plank-and-barrel bar.
text: Tosses coins down in front of a greasy BARTENDER.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: Tequila.
text: The Bartender pours. Diego gulps it. Gestures for another. The
text: Bartender pours. Diego nurses this one.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO (0.S.)
dialog: More whiskey!
text: Alejandro is sitting at one of the tables. Bleary-eyed. Joaquin's
text: sword is on the table, wrapped in a blanket.
text: The Bartender carries a bottle over. Alejandro looks up. Lifts his
text: glass, waiting.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: Money first.
text: Alejandro shrugs, digs in his pockets. Comes up empty. The
text: Bartender shakes his head in disgust, starts to move away.
text: Alejandro grabs his arm.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: How about this?
text: He displays the MEDALLION. The Bartender appraises it.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: Silver?
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: (he's not sure)
dialog: Sure.
text: The Bartender considers. Pours. Reaches for the medallion --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 30
text: A HAND closes around it. Diego's. He takes it from Alejandro.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: Hey --
text: Diego hands him some coins. The Bartender thinks about saying
text: something, but Diego's gaze discourages him. He moves away.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: Where did you get this?
text: Alejandro doesn't look up.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: It was my brother's. He's dead.
text: He drinks. Stares at the sword.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO (CONT'D)
dialog: (to himself; a vow)
dialog: And the man who killed him will die
text: by his sword.
text: Diego regards the young man through narrow eyes. He pulls back a
text: corner of the blanket, looks at the sword.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: You seek revenge.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: Go away!
text: Alejandro turns his chair away.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: Be careful, young man. Revenge can
dialog: have a very high cost.
text: Suddenly, Alejandro sits bolt upright, staring. Diego follows his
dialog: gaze --
text: CAPTAIN LOVE rides across the square, reins up. Dismounts. Takes
text: the bag from his saddle. Pauses to speak to a soldier.
text: Alejandro rises. He grabs the sword, walks away from the table
text: without a backward glance.
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN SQUARE - DAY 31
text: Diego catches up to Alejandro.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: Don't be a fool.
text: Alejandro shoves him aside. Grips the sword's handle.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 31
speaker_heading: DIEGO (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you even know how to use that
dialog: thing?
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
text: The pointy end goes in the other guy.
text: Diego grabs Alejandro by the elbow in a come-along hold. Alejandro
text: tries to shake him off, but can't. Diego twists Alejandro's arm,
text: pulls him into an alley --
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN SQUARE - ALLEY - DAY 32
text: Diego swings Alejandro against a wall.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: What the hell are you doing?
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: Saving your life.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: Get out of my way.
text: He tries to push past Diego. Diego jabs him in the chest with his
text: cane, assumes a fencer's stance.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: Get through me.
text: Alejandro stares at him in disbelief. Then shrugs, shakes the
text: blanket off his sword. Swings to knock the cane aside. Diego
text: deceives the blade -- there's no contact, though Diego barely moved.
text: Alejandro tries again -- again Diego deceives him.
text: Angry, Alejandro attacks, a series of brute-strength slashes.
text: Diego parries with little effort. They disengage; Alejandro looks
text: at him with respect. He tries a straight thrust --
text: Diego parries, then envelopes Alejandro's blade, disarming him.
text: The sword flips into the air --
text: ?Diego trips Alejandro with his cane, catches the sword --
text: Alejandro finds himself flat on his back, sword tip at his throat.
text: He stares up at Diego, amazed.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
text: Deception, parry, envelopment.
text: (presses the tip into
dialog: Alejandro's throat)
dialog: Would you care to see a thrust?
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: (swallows)
dialog: No, please.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 32
text: Diego drops to a knee beside Alejandro.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: You want to kill that man? I can
dialog: teach you.
text: Alejandro narrows his eyes, peering at the old man.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: A bargain has two sides ... what's
dialog: mine?
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: If you prove yourself an apt enough
dialog: pupil, I may have need of you. But
dialog: until then -- no more questions,
dialog: unless they concern the sword.
dialog: Understood?
text: Alejandro considers. Decides.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: If it means I'll be able to kill that
dialog: bastard ... Anything.
text: Diego nods, then hauls Alejandro to his feet. Diego extends the
dialog: sword to Alejandro.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: A fine weapon. It should be better
dialog: cared for.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: (he'll do anything)
dialog: I'll clean it.
text: Diego nods, satisfied.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: Come along.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: Where are we going?
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: That's a question.
text: He moves away. Pause. Takes the medallion from his pocket.
speaker_heading: DIEGO (CONT'D)
dialog: Here. Take better care of this, too.
text: He tosses it back to Alejandro, who catches it. Holds it fora
text: Moment. Then slips it around his neck, follows Diego.
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: +OMIT 33
speaker_heading: +OMIT 34
scene_heading: EXT. SECRET CAVE - NIGHT 35
text: Diego disappears behind the waterfall. Alejandro gives it a wary
text: once-over, then follows.
scene_heading: INT. SECRET CAVE - NIGHT 36
text: A short passage gives way to a huge cave. Lit by moonlight through
text: the waterfall, it has a strange, otherworldly look.
text: A torch FLARES to life, lit by Diego. Alejandro gasps.
text: Diego stands on a forty-by-forty marble dais in the middle of the
text: cave. Alejandro mounts the steps, staring in awe.
text: The dais' surface is inlaid with an intricate design: several
text: circles within a large circle, with various lines of radii
text: intersecting. It is the same design as on the medallion, although
text: the one on the floor is more complex.
text: Alejandro lifts the medallion from inside his shirt. The two
text: designs match, although the one on the floor is more complex.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: Are you ... Zorro?
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: I told you -- no questions.
text: Alejandro surveys the cave. There is a cot and meager supplies.
text: There is a rack of swords, a grinding wheel, an armorer's bench.
text: Zorro's saddle, partly restored.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: What is this place? what are we
dialog: doing here?
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: I can tell you're going to be an
text: obedient student.
dialog: (he considers, sighs)
dialog: When you were a child, Rafaél Montero
dialog: was the Viceroy of California. Do
dialog: you remember?
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: He has returned. That can only mean
dialog: ill for the people of California.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: How much worse can it get?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 40.
dialog: 36
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: Montero counts among his confidants
dialog: the alcalde, Don Luiz -- and Captain
dialog: Harrison Love.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: Much worse.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: And you are going to do ... what?
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: We. We will find out what has
dialog: prompted his return. We will
dialog: discover the truth. And we will stop
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: (sure of it now)
dialog: You are Zorro.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: No. I'm just an old man.
dialog: (sharp)
dialog: Now, get up here!
text: Alejandro starts at the command -- but obeys. Diego takes
dialog: Alejandro'
dialog: Alejandro
text: s sword, uses it as a pointer.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: This is the training circle of the
dialog: Spanish Sword School, as prescribed
dialog: by the masters Carranza and Narvaez.
dialog: This circle is your world, your very
dialog: life. Whatever occurs within this
dialog: circle is crucial to your existence.
dialog: Outside of it
dialog: (beat )
text: There is nothing outside of it.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: But Love is--
speaker_heading: DIEGO
text: There is nothing outside of it. As
dialog: your mastery of the sword increases,
dialog: your circle expands -- your world
text: becomes larger.
text: is a bit skeptical -- but doesn't care.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: When do we begin?
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: We have begun.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 36
text: Alejandro reaches for his sword. Diego holds it away.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: If I'm going to learn swordplay, I'm
dialog: going to need a sword.
text: Diego stares at him. Shrugs. Hands him the sword.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: Very well. Show me a lunge.
text: Alejandro complies. Badly. His front foot is too far forward.
text: Diego WHACKS it with his cane.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: Too wide ... move your foot back.
text: Alejandro drags the foot back, his heel SQUEAKING on the floor.
text: Unsatisfied, Diego WHACKS it again. Alejandro drags it back a bit
text: more. Diego nods.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: Turn your knee out. Out!
dialog: (he whacks the knee)
dialog: Straighten up --
dialog: (whacks his side)
dialog: I want a lunge, not a remise.
text: He walks around Alejandro, inspecting. And then Diego reaches out
text: with his cane and taps Alejandro lightly in the chest.
text: Alejandro can't hold the lunge. Almost in slow motion, he topples.
text: The sword CLATTERS across the floor. Diego picks it up. Looks down
dialog: at Alejandro.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: I'll keep this until you need it.
scene_heading: INT. SECRET CAVE - VARIOUS 37
text: Alejandro stands with his feet on two parallel lines. Diego SNAPS
text: his fingers, cueing Alejandro's advances and retreats. Diego
text: stops. Points. Alejandro's stance is now too wide. He returns his
text: feet to the lines. Diego resumes snapping.
text: Alejandro exercises: lunge from a squat, return, again. Diego works
text: on the sword at the foot-operated grinding wheel. Alejandro stops.
text: Rub his sore thighs. Diego stops grinding -- but doesn't turn. No
text: matter. Alejandro resumes the drill. Diego resumes grinding.
text: CLOSE ON: Diego and Alejandro, staring grimly at one another,
text: circling slowly, as if locked in duel corps a corps. A WIDE SHOT
text: reveals the two men embraced, dancing along the radii.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 37
text: The footwork drill again, but now Diego snaps a whip at Alejandro's
text: feet, prompting his advances and retreats. Diego stops, points.
text: Again, Alejandro's stance is too wide.
text: Alejandro advances and retreats. A length of cord now binds his
text: feet, keeping his stance correct.
text: Diego CRACKS the whip. Following a radius, Alejandro retreats; on a
text: circle, he turns, executes a fleche, advances; on another circle,
text: turns, executes a balestra. Stops. A quick, silent prayer -- and
text: looks at his feet.
text: His stance is perfect. He grins. Diego WHACKS him with his cane.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: Never look at your feet. Don't think
dialog: about your feet.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: You seem pretty occupied with them.
text: Diego ignores the barb. He holds the spadroon out.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: Let's see if you're ready for the
dialog: sword.
text: Alejandro takes it, examines it in wonderment. Diego has cleaned up
text: the sword, sharpened it. It shines.
text: ?Alejandro practices a few swipes.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: No, no, no. Not like that!
text: He tries to reposition Alejandro's hand on the hilt.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: Don't hold it too loosely -- but
dialog: don't crush it, either. Hold it --
dialog: hold it the way you'd hold a woman.
text: Alejandro tries to adjust his grip. Gives Diego a sidelong glance.
text: He's not getting it. Diego watches him fumble.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: (exasperated)
dialog: Hold it the way you'd hold yourself.
text: Alejandro immediately grips the sword correctly.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 37
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: (not surprised)
dialog: Perfect.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: And now, we begin with the parry
dialog: primero. It evolves naturally from
text: unsheathing the sword
text: He demonstrates with his cane. Alejandro attempts it -- wrong --
text: and gets WHACKED for his trouble. Diego shakes his head.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: This will take a lot of work.
scene_heading: EXT. ESTATE - DAY 38
text: Montero's hacienda. Huge, palatial. Bell towers rise above
text: fountains and archways, surrounded by manicured gardens.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. ESTATE - COURTYARD - DAY 39
text: Montero and Don Luiz walk through a grand tiled courtyard. Stairs
text: lead to an overhanging gallery. On one wall, PAINTERS fill in the
text: rough outlines of a map of North America.
text: A huge round table dominates the courtyard. A WOODWORKER carves a
text: design into the tabletop: a stylized bull and bear.
speaker_heading: DON LUIZ
dialog: Every cabellero in California has
dialog: agreed to attend the junta. And the
dialog: governor, as well.
dialog: (fishing)
dialog: Does the house meet with your
dialog: approval ..?
speaker_heading: [MONTERO
dialog: Yes -- if the work is done on time.
dialog: I would prefer not to include
dialog: laborers on the guest list -- ]
text: Through an archway, Montero spies Elena, on horseback, riding at
text: full gallop. He smiles -- but it becomes a look of dismay. She
text: rides astride the horse, rather than sidesaddle.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
speaker_heading: ELENA!
text: The joy drains out of her face. She reins the horse up. Montero
text: strides toward her, Don Luiz trailing.
speaker_heading: MONTERO (CONT'D)
dialog: That is not a proper way for a lady
dialog: to ride.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 44.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 39
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Yes, Father.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: If you don't care about my feelings,
dialog: at least have the courtesy not to
dialog: offend Don Luiz.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: I'm sorry. My apologies, Don Luiz.
text: Montero glares at her sternly. She turns so she sits sidesaddle,
text: adjusts her skirts primly. Montero nods. She urges the horse
text: forward in a sedate trot.
speaker_heading: DON LUIZ
dialog: A daughter can be trying at times.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: They are women, after all.
dialog: (a sigh)
dialog: I keep hoping she'll find a suitable
dialog: husband :
speaker_heading: DON LUIZ
dialog: Perhaps Captain Love?
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: Captain Love has his merits, but :
dialog: truth be told, I'd prefer she meet a
text: more cultured Spanish gentleman.
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN SQUARE - SIDE ALLEY - DAY 40
text: ON ALEJANDRO, slumped in the back of small mule-drawn wagon. Hat
text: low on his face. Clean-shaven now. Even so, he's clearly not a
dialog: gentleman.
text: Around the corner there is a commotion: men yelling, the whinny of a
text: high-spirited horse.
speaker_heading: LOVE (0.S.)
dialog: Be careful, you idiots!
text: That gets Alejandro's attention. He leaps from the wagon, goes to
dialog: investigate.
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN SQUARE - DAY 41
text: Three Indians are wrangling a horse: A HUGE BLACK STALLION. It
text: rears and bucks. They can barely hang onto the riatas around the
text: horse's neck. Alejandro stays in the shadows. Love and Corporal
dialog: Lopez watch the Indians.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 41
speaker_heading: LOVE
dialog: They know nothing about handling a
dialog: horse. Are you sure they're Indians?
dialog: (Lopez shrugs)
dialog: Apaches. Now, they know horses.
dialog: Fierce warriors, too. Too bad there
dialog: aren't any Apaches in California.
speaker_heading: LOPEZ
dialog: (he doesn't mind)
dialog: Yes, sir. A real shame.
text: Love shakes his head, strides away -- toward Alejandro. Alejandro's
text: fists clench -- he's ready to get his revenge right now.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: (from behind)
dialog: I told you to wait in the wagon.
text: Alejandro looks back at him. Love passes without a glance at the
dialog: pair.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: Haven't you learned anything? If
dialog: he'd spotted you --
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
text: He didn't even look at me.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: Good thing, too. You'd be reunited
dialog: with your brother if he had.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: He won't recognize me -- without my
dialog: beard --
speaker_heading: DIEGO
text: The beard has nothing to do with it.
dialog: It's your anger. Your hatred. It
dialog: marks you as an enemy.
text: Alejandro doesn't want to hear it. Diego is insistent.
speaker_heading: DIEGO (CONT'D)
dialog: You can never give anything away.
dialog: Show your opponents only what you
dialog: want them to see.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: Hell. I want him to see hell.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 41
text: Diego grabs Alejandro's shoulders, turns him toward the square,
text: where the Indians wrestle with the horse.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
text: Look at that horse. At its eyes.
dialog: Your eyes are like that -- fiery,
dialog: violent. You cannot let your eyes
dialog: betray you. Ever.
text: Alejandro nods impatiently -- he's got it. He watches the horse.
text: Corporal Lopez snaps a whip at the Indians.
speaker_heading: LOPEZ
dialog: Take it to the cuartel! I'll break
dialog: it myself.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
text: A magnificent animal.
dialog: (baiting Diego)
text: He looks like Zorro's horse, doesn't
dialog: he? Maybe his bloodline?
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: (can't help but smile)
dialog: If the stories of Tornado are true,
dialog: there're probably whole herds of
text: black horses out there.
text: Diego walks away. Alejandro moves to follow -- and something
text: catches his eye: a peddler's stand, with a display of brightly
text: colored silk cloth. But Alejandro is only interested in one thing:
text: A black scarf.
scene_heading: EXT. CUARTEL - NIGHT 42
text: A military barracks/stables/corral. Lights in the barracks windows.
text: [A SHADOWY FIGURE moves toward the cuartel. Suddenly, the figure
text: whirls, freezes: a RIDER bears down on him --
text: The rider reins up short: ELENA. She is shocked. Before her is:
text: ALEJANDRO. In his version of the ZORRO outfit. Striking. They
text: stand there, staring at each other. A palpable electricity.
text: ?And then he SMILES. It startles her.
text: Zorro lifts a finger to his lips: 'Shhh.'
text: ?Elena narrows her eyes, unsure.
text: Her horse whinnies, shuffles nervously. Zorro catches its bridle --
text: and makes the 'Shhh' gesture to the horse as well.
text: ?Elena can't help but smile at that.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 42
text: Zorro grins up at Elena.
speaker_heading: ZORRO
dialog: Be careful, Sefiorita. There are
text: dangerous men about.
text: He tips his hat. Then slips into the darkness.
text: Elena watches him go ... and toys with the neckline of her dress, a
text: little warm. She catches herself doing it. She feels ashamed.
text: Angry with herself, she urges her horse forward --
text: -- toward the small mission that stands across the square, the
text: church doors open. ]
scene_heading: INT. STABLES - NIGHT 43
text: [In a stall are the three Indians from the town square, chained to
text: the stable wall. They look scared, defeated. The stable door
text: CREAKS open -- and Zorro slips in.
speaker_heading: OLD INDIAN
dialog: A bandit breaking into jail?
speaker_heading: INDIAN 2
dialog: What more could they steal from us?
speaker_heading: OLD INDIAN
dialog: The Night Ghost has returned! Zorro
dialog: is here to save us!
text: Zorro sees their predicament, shakes his head.
speaker_heading: ZORRO
dialog: Sorry -- I'm just here for a horse.
text: He spots the black stallion. Zorro takes bridle and reins from a
text: peg on the wall, enters the horse's stall. The horse is finicky,
text: but Zorro murmurs to him, fits the reins over his head. Spies a
text: saddle thrown over the stable wall.
speaker_heading: OLD INDIAN
dialog: Please, sefior. They are going to
dialog: make us disaparecidos.
speaker_heading: INDIAN 2
dialog: He's not Zorro. He's just a horse
dialog: thief.
text: Zorro saddles the horse, talking softly in his ear. Leads him from
text: the stall. Then he tries to mount.
text: The horse EXPLODES, bucking wildly --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 43
text: Several stalls are SMASHED open, horses running out. The black
text: horse leaps out the door. Zorro's head hits the frame. ]
scene_heading: EXT. CUARTEL - NIGHT 44
text: The horse BUCKS violently. Incredibly, Zorro hangs on. The horse
text: is searching for an exit. Too much fence. He sees the lighted
text: windows of the cuartel. Heads for them.
speaker_heading: ZORRO
dialog: Whoa! WHOA!
scene_heading: INT. CUARTEL - NIGHT 45
text: Corporal Lopez cocks and uncocks a pistol and swigs tequila as a
text: SOLDIER bandages Lopez's bleeding leg.
speaker_heading: CORPORAL LOPEZ
dialog: I'm going to kill that horse.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER
dialog: What will you tell Captain Love?
speaker_heading: CORPORAL LOPEZ
dialog: The truth -- it hurt a leg. It had
dialog: to be shot.
text: He hears a noise, tilts his head, listening.
text: ?Suddenly THE HORSE CRASHES through the window, taking a good
text: part of the wall with it.
text: PANDEMONIUM as soldiers scurry for safety --
text: Zorro's head cracks against the roof beams as the horse bucks. It
text: spins, knocking tables and chairs into soldiers --
text: ?Lopez dives beneath a bunk --
text: Zorro finally flies off, lands face-to-face with A STRONG BOX -- the
text: one the Muriettas previously stole. The lid's ajar; the gold ingots
text: are visible.
text: [Zorro's eyes go wide. He grabs a few ingots, stuffs them into his
text: pockets. He wants more. He glances around -- spots a lariat.
text: Loops it a few times around the strong box --
text: A shot rings off the box. Soldiers move toward Zorro --
text: Zorro grabs pistols from racks on the wall, FIRING and dropping them
text: with lightning speed, even as he ties the rope off on the horse's
text: saddle horn. Zorro leaps on --
text: The horse starts BUCKING AGAIN. It rears and spins -- and gets
text: caught between two support beams. Behind them, a soldier raises a
dialog: pistol --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 45
text: Zorro sees him, draws his sword, but can't reach the soldier. The
dialog: horse sees him, too --
text: ?-- and KICKS, smashing the soldier backwards.
text: The horse twists, cracking the support beams, freeing itself.
text: The BEAMS CREAK -- and then GIVE WAY --]
speaker_heading: +OMIT 46
speaker_heading: +OMIT 47
scene_heading: EXT. CUARTEL - NIGHT 48
text: [-- the building is COLLAPSING AROUND THEM as Zorro and the horse
text: leap out the door --
text: -- which is too low. Zorro is knocked backward off the horse. He
text: rolls to his feet in time to see --
text: THE HORSE, galloping away, dragging the strongbox behind him.
speaker_heading: ZORRO
dialog: Wait! Come back!
text: He glances back: soldiers pick their way out of the debris as broken
text: lanterns set it afire. They spot him. He RUNS --]
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN SQUARE - NIGHT 48A
text: [Zorro spots the open church door. Sprints for it --]
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH - VESTIBULE - NIGHT 48B
text: [Zorro steps inside. FRAY FELIPE appears behind him, startling him.
speaker_heading: FELIPE
dialog: What may I do for you --
text: Zorro grabs him, puts a hand over his mouth. Felipe struggles --
text: than sees his assailant clearly for the first time.
speaker_heading: ZORRO
dialog: Don't yell. I seek sanctuary.
text: He removes his hand. Felipe isn't angry; far from it.
speaker_heading: FELIPE
dialog: If that mask means what it used to --
dialog: there's no need to even ask. Come.
text: He pulls shut the outer doors, bars them.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 48B
speaker_heading: FELIPE (CONT'D)
dialog: Although I must say -- the years seem
dialog: to have been far kinder to you than
dialog: they've been to me.]
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH - CHAPEL - NIGHT 48C
text: [A modest chapel. Pews, altar, crucifix.
speaker_heading: FELIPE
dialog: I'll try to send your pursuers off
text: chasing phantoms.
speaker_heading: ZORRO
dialog: They may not like that.
speaker_heading: FELIPE
dialog: The Lord will grant us shelter from
dialog: adversity.
text: From outside comes the sound of pursuit. Banging on the exterior
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: FELIPE (CONT'D)
dialog: But a good hiding place can't hurt.
text: He exits hurriedly, shuts the chapel doors behind him. Zorro
text: glances around the chapel. Spots --
text: THE CONFESSIONAL. It's a cloth-roofed floor-to-ceiling job that
text: almost reaches the choir loft. Zorro slips into the father-
text: confessor's side. He sighs, leans his head back --]
scene_heading: INT. CONFESSIONAL - NIGHT 48D
dialog: [INTERCUT when necessary between Zorro and Elena.
speaker_heading: ELENA (0.S.)
dialog: Padre?
text: Zorro freezes. He doesn't answer.
speaker_heading: ELENA (0.S.)
dialog: Padre? Excuse me?
text: Zorro shrinks back, trying to hide. She raps on the partition.
text: Zorro has no choice. He slides it back.
speaker_heading: ZORRO
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Forgive me, Padre, for I have sinned.
dialog: It's been three days since my last
dialog: confession.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 48D
speaker_heading: ZORRO
dialog: How many sins could you have
dialog: committed in three days? Come back
dialog: at the end of the week.
text: Elena's a little puzzled.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Excuse me?
text: Zorro peers through the screen at her -- and catches his breath
text: The screen and shadows restrict his view. He can see only her eyes
text: -- large and lovely -- but he knows who she is.
speaker_heading: ZORRO
dialog: I mean ... Tell me your sins.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: I have broken the fourth commandment.
speaker_heading: ZORRO
dialog: You, ah...
dialog: (a wild guess)
dialog: stole something?
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: No -- I dishonored my father --
speaker_heading: ZORRO
dialog: Oh, the fourth commandment. I
dialog: thought you said, um... a different
dialog: one.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: I try to behave properly -- the way
dialog: my father wants me to. But I'm
dialog: afraid :
dialog: (she is ashamed)
dialog: My heart is too wild.
text: That gets his attention.
speaker_heading: ZORRO
dialog: Please. Go on.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: When I was young, I sought out the
dialog: company of Gypsies ... I learned to
dialog: hunt -- and fence --
dialog: (defiant )
dialog: And I hate to ride sidesaddle!
dialog: (this is the hardest)
dialog: And, just now, I saw -- there was a
dialog: man.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 48D
text: She's shifted behind the screen -- now only her lips are visible.
text: She smiles excitedly.
speaker_heading: ELENA (CONT'D)
dialog: I think he was a bandit.
speaker_heading: ZORRO
dialog: Really? Black mask, that sort of
dialog: thing?
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Yes. And he looked at me -- I mean,
dialog: when I looked at him ... Padre, I
dialog: felt like I was on fire. I felt
dialog: (downcast now)
dialog: Improper.
text: Zorro is happily astonished -- and knows how she feels.
speaker_heading: ZORRO
dialog: You felt like the ocean was roaring
dialog: in your ears.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Yes -- exactly --
speaker_heading: ZORRO
dialog: Like you couldn't draw a breath.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Yes
text: He leans forward, his forehead against the screen.
speaker_heading: ZORRO
dialog: And you wondered how that face would
dialog: look laughing ... or sleeping ... or
text: bathed in the soft glow of moonlight.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: (a whisper)
dialog: Yes ...
dialog: (suddenly aware of what's
dialog: been said)
dialog: Who are you?
text: There is a commotion outside the chapel doors.
speaker_heading: LOVE (0.S.)
dialog: Believe me, priest -- if you're
dialog: sheltering this 'Zorro', it will not
dialog: go well for you.
text: Zorro realizes he's got trouble. He draws his sword.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 48D
speaker_heading: ZORRO
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: Sefiorita, you've done nothing wrong.
dialog: Your heart will lead you properly.
dialog: Now -- go.]
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH - CHAPEL - NIGHT 48E
text: [The chapel doors bang open. Love, with a company of soldiers
text: marches in, Felipe hurrying alongside.
speaker_heading: FELIPE
dialog: This is God's house -- I will not
dialog: stand for you to come in here --
speaker_heading: LOVE
dialog: (warning)
dialog: 'To subvert a man in his cause, the
dialog: Lord approveth not.' Lamentations
dialog: 3:36.
text: Elena steps out of the confessional.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Captain Love -- I thought I heard
dialog: your voice.
speaker_heading: LOVE
dialog: Elena! What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Confessing?
speaker_heading: LOVE
dialog: To whom? The priest is here.
dialog: (to confessional)
dialog: Step out! Immediately!
text: The confessional door stays resolutely shut. Love draws his pistol
text: FIRES into the door of the confessor's side.
speaker_heading: LOVE
dialog: (nonchalantly)
text: Open fire.
text: The soldiers empty their rifles into the confessor's booth, the
text: cacophony of GUNSHOTS echoing in the chapel.
text: Silence. Smoke hangs in candlelight. The confessor's door creaks
text: open. It is empty. Love peers inside, up --
text: There's a ragged hole in the ceiling of the confessional.
speaker_heading: LOVE
text: Search the chapel and the loft -- and
dialog: the rectory! Find him!
dialog: (more)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 48E
speaker_heading: LOVE (Cont'd)
dialog: (to Felipe)
dialog: I will deal with you later.]
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN SQUARE - CHAPEL ROOF - NIGHT 48F
text: [Zorro's hurries to the roof's edge, searching for an escape route -
text: In the alley, THE HORSE munches scrub grass. The strong box rope is
text: still tied to his saddle.
speaker_heading: ZORRO
dialog: Psst! Horse! Come here!
text: The horse keeps munching.
speaker_heading: ZORRO
dialog: Hey! Get over here!
text: Nothing. Frustrated, Zorro lets out a whistle --
text: The horse's head jerks up. Zorro gapes as the horse trots over to
text: below him. He jumps from the roof into the saddle. The horse leaps
text: forward -- but Zorro gets him under control. He rides from the
dialog: alley --]
scene_heading: EXT. CUARTEL - NIGHT 48G
text: [Zorro reins up near the cuartel -- he is dismayed at the extent of
text: his handiwork. The cuartel is a ruin, parts of it burning; the
text: stables is wrecked; the horses run free.
text: ?Zorro pats the horse gently on the neck.
speaker_heading: ZORRO
dialog: We make an excellent team.
text: THE INDIANS hurry past him.
speaker_heading: OLD INDIAN
dialog: Thank you -- I knew you wouldn't let
dialog: us down.
speaker_heading: ZORRO
dialog: Think nothing of it.
text: A final wall falls over. Lopez, still beneath the bunk, realizes he
text: is exposed. He looks up at Zorro.
speaker_heading: CORPORAL LOPEZ
dialog: Who -- Who are you?
text: Zorro can't resist. He draws his sword. Lopez flinches. With a
text: fluid stroke, Zorro carves a_'Z' on an adobe wall.
text: He looks at Lopez expectantly. Lopez examines the 'Z', puzzled.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 48G
speaker_heading: CORPORAL LOPEZ
dialog: I'm sorry -- I cannot read.
speaker_heading: ZORRO
dialog: (exasperated)
dialog: It's a 'Z' -- for Zorro!
text: He spurs the horse.
speaker_heading: ZORRO (CONT'D)
dialog: Vamanos --
dialog: (he names the horse)
dialog: Tornado! Vamanos!
text: Love and his soldiers reach the church doors, Elena and Felipe
text: trailing them, just in time to see --
text: ZORRO GALLOPS PAST, strong box dragging behind him.
text: Love gapes after him. Then --
speaker_heading: LOVE
dialog: Dammit -- round up those horses and
dialog: get after him!
text: He and the soldiers hurry down the steps. Elena and Felipe exchange
text: a conspiratorial grin. She moves away; he goes inside. ]
scene_heading: INT. CHAPEL - FOYER - NIGHT 48H
text: [The lid of the POOR BOX is slightly ajar. Curious, Felipe moves to
dialog: it, opens it --
text: He stares. INSIDE THE BOX are several GOLD INGOTS.
speaker_heading: FELIPE
dialog: Thank you, Zorro.
text: He lifts out an ingot -- then glances heavenward. Crosses himself.
speaker_heading: FELIPE (CONT'D)
dialog: Thank you, too.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:]
speaker_heading: OMITTED (49-55) 55
scene_heading: INT. SECRET CAVE - MORNING 56
text: Diego paces on the dais. Turns at the sound of --
text: ?ZORRO, on the black horse, rides into the cave. Diego gasps --
text: it's like seeing a ghost.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 56
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: What the hell were you thinking? Did
dialog: I give you permission to go out? And
dialog: dressed like that --
text: Alejandro strips off his mask, slips off the horse.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: I needed a horse.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: You're a fool --
text: [Alejandro yanks the rope, dragging the strong box into the cave.
text: He snaps it open, revealing the gold ingots.]
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: I got the horse! I got the gold! I
dialog: got away! Hell, I even rescued some
dialog: Indians.
text: Diego looks at the gold, genuinely shocked. He picks up several
text: ingots, thinking. Turns to the seething Alejandro.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: Good work.
dialog: Alejandro wasn't expecting that.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
text: Montero is convening a junta of the
dialog: dons next week. You are going to be
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: And how are you going to make that
dialog: happen? I'm no don.
dialog: (angry) .
dialog: I am tired of waiting. It will not
dialog: be a particularly satisfying revenge
dialog: to watch Love die of old age. I
dialog: could have killed him tonight. I'm
dialog: ready.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: You're right.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: I am?
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: You are no don.
text: He takes something from a table --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 56
speaker_heading: DIEGO (CONT'D)
dialog: I've made you a swordsman. Now I
dialog: must make you a gentleman.
text: He holds out something to Alejandro:
dialog: ?A FORK.
text: Alejandro looks at it. Stares at Diego. Then, resigned, he reaches
text: out and takes the fork, holding it in his fist.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: Don't hold it like that. Like this.
dialog: (manipulates Alejandro's
dialog: hand)
dialog: This will take a lot of work.
scene_heading: EXT. CUARTEL - MORNING 57
text: Montero and Love inspect the still-smoldering wreckage of the
text: building. Soldiers round up horses, salvage what they can.
speaker_heading: [LOVE
dialog: The priest aided him. From now on,
dialog: he'll be ministering to a whole new
text: flock of lost lambs.
dialog: (musing)
dialog: How could one man cause so much
dialog: destruction?]
text: Montero comes upon the 'Z' slashed into the wall. He freezes, wide
text: with shock and fear.
speaker_heading: LOVE
dialog: Oh, yes that ... He called himself
dialog: 'Zorro'. The fox.
dialog: (appraising the 'Z')
dialog: Just a bit ostentatious.
text: Montero reaches out and touches the 'Z', feeling the scarred clay.
text: He withdraws his hand. It is shaking. He clenches it.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: Find him. Find the man who did this
dialog: and kill him.
dialog: (at Love)
dialog: I want him DEAD!
text: Love takes a step back from him. Soldiers stare at the outburst.
text: Montero unconsciously rubs his neck, where the scar of the Z is
text: hidden.
speaker_heading: MONTERO.
dialog: And ... get that letter off the wall.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 57
text: He spins and leaves. Love glances at the 'Z' -- then back at
dialog: Montero curiously.
scene_heading: EXT. ESTATE - DAY 58
text: Guests arrive, women in coaches, husbands riding beside them, their
text: horses bedecked in decorated tack and saddles. Servants trail
text: behind them. Grooms provide Old World valet parking.
text: The guests move along a carpet of red and yellow flowers, to the
text: entrance, where they present their invitations and are greeted by
text: Montero and Elena.
text: The GOVERNOR, a sour little man, and his wife arrive.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: Governor! It's an honor. Pleasant
dialog: journey, I hope?
speaker_heading: GOVERNOR
dialog: No thanks to that damned horse. All
dialog: I want is chair with a very thick
dialog: cushion --
text: Something is causing a stir at the far end of the carpet. The
text: arriving guests part, allowing Montero and Elena to see --
text: ALEJANDRO. Don Alejandro. Wearing silver-trimmed cabellero finery,
text: astride Tornado, also in spectacular tack. Dashing.
text: ?Behind him, Diego arrives on a donkey.
text: Alejandro dismounts, enjoying the impact he's making. As they move
text: down the carpet, he and Diego confer surreptitiously.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: Remember -- you're the son of Bartolo
dialog: Castillo.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: There's no chance his real son will
dialog: show up, is there? Or dad himself,
dialog: for that matter.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: No. Bartolo has been dead for years.
dialog: And he and his wife had no children.
text: Alejandro stops short. Diego covers the pause by brushing
text: Alejandro's jacket.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: Then how the hell is this going to
dialog: work?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 58
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: He did have many mistresses. Just
dialog: behave as I've taught you. You'll
dialog: win Montero's confidence.
dialog: (nudges Alejandro forward)
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: Great. What about my confidence?
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: Stop worrying. I'm certain that if
dialog: you want to, you can be one charming
dialog: bastard.
text: They reach the vestibule. A servant holds out a hand for
text: Alejandro's invitation. He ignores him, strides to Montero.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: Good evening, Don Montero. I am Don
dialog: Alejandro Castillo y Garcia.
text: Alejandro takes Montero's hand, dips one knee and inclines his head
text: in greeting. Montero is surprised -- then beams.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: I haven't seen that in years --The
dialog: formal greeting of the Spanish Court
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: My late father was a stickler for
dialog: etiquette.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: And who was your father?
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: Don Bartolo Castillo
text: He holds his hand out imperiously to Diego, who places a land grant
dialog: document in it.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: (a rote introduction)
dialog: My servant, Bernardo.
dialog: (hands over the document)
dialog: I've just arrived from Spain -- by
dialog: way of Paris, Lisbon and San
dialog: Francisco. I'm inspecting my
dialog: family's holdings.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: (examining the grant)
dialog: Considerable holdings. And what
dialog: brings you to my doorstep?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 58
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: My father often spoke of California.
dialog: That it could be a land of
dialog: opportunity -- for a man of vision.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: And you're a man of vision?
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: I'm a man in search of vision.
text: Montero cocks an eyebrow, smiles. Diego is pleased and proud of
text: Alejandro's performance.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: News travels far, I see.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: Yes. But it seems I've interrupted a
dialog: prior engagement. I'1l call again --
text: Alejandro turns away. Diego catches his eye, dismayed.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: Please, it would honor me for you to
dialog: join us.
text: Alejandro grins at Diego, turns back.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: It would honor me to do so, sir.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: May I present my daughter, Elena.
text: Alejandro kisses her hand above the wrist, eyes never leaving hers.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: Charmed. I'm afraid I've brought no
dialog: gift for the hostess -- Oh, wait a
dialog: moment! Have you seen this one?
text: He performs a magic trick, produces a beautiful rose. That
text: surprises even Diego. Elena is nonplused, but takes it out of
dialog: courtesy.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Gracias.
text: Alejandro nods, strolls toward the ballroom. Montero looks after
text: him appraisingly, Diego in slack-jawed shock.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 58
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO (0.S.)
dialog: Bernardo -- attend me!
text: Diego shakes himself, hurries to catch up to Alejandro.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: Yes, Don Alejandro. Right away.
text: Elena starts at his voice -- stares after him. More guests arrive,
text: and she must turn her attention to them. But she glances over her
text: shoulder, perplexed.
speaker_heading: +OMIT 59
speaker_heading: +OMIT 60
scene_heading: INT. ESTATE - BALLROOM - DAY 61
text: A fiesta in full swing. People sit at tables as their servants
text: bring them food and drink. An ORCHESTRA plays festive music.
text: Couples dance formally. Some people clustered in knots, engaged in
dialog: serious discussions.
text: ON DIEGO AND ALEJANDRO: surveying the scene. Alejandro holds his
text: glass up.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: I need more wine.
speaker_heading: [DIEGO
dialog: You're not here to sample every cask
dialog: in Montero's cellars. You've got a
dialog: job to do.]
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: I don't really like the wine. I just
dialog: like ordering you around.
text: [He notices Elena approaching.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO (CONT'D)
dialog: No more back talk! Do as you're
dialog: told.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: (he has no choice)
dialog: Yes, Don Alejandro.
text: Again, Elena peers at him briefly as he moves away.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: Good help is so hard to find, don't
dialog: you think? Good evening again, dofia
dialog: Elena.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: My father has asked me to invite you
text: to his table.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 61
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: Splendid.
text: He takes her arm. She allows it. She leads him to a table, where
text: Montero sits with Don Luiz, Hector and Love, and the Governor. One
dialog: of those party conversations that drifts between seriousness and
dialog: levity.
text: Alejandro and Elena arrive in time to hear:
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: He's not a threat. How could he be?
dialog: He'd be an old man by now.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: As old as I am, Don Hector?
text: Hector stammers. Montero and the others laugh. Alejandro helps
text: Elena into her chair. Love doesn't like that.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: Don Alejandro! Join us!
dialog: (makes introductions)
dialog: Don Luiz, Don Hector, the Governor
dialog: . And this is Captain Love.
text: Captain Love is in command of the
dialog: presidio.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: Pleased to meet you, Captain.
dialog: Strange for an American to command a
dialog: Mexican presidio.
speaker_heading: LOVE
dialog: These are strange days we live in,
dialog: sir.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: Sir! I like that. The manners are
dialog: the only thing I've ever admired
dialog: about the military. I have no taste
dialog: for it otherwise.
speaker_heading: LOVE
dialog: Our loss.
dialog: (returns to the topic)
dialog: As I was going to say -- this may not
dialog: even be the same man. After all, a
dialog: mask never ages.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: Ah -- we're discussing the theater.
dialog: A comedia de capa y espada, perhaps?
speaker_heading: DON LUIZ
dialog: No. We're discussing Zorro.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 61
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: Really. Fox-hunting, eh? All those
dialog: noisy dogs --
speaker_heading: LOVE
dialog: (smirks)
text: This is a man who calls himself
dialog: Zorro.
speaker_heading: DON LUIZ
dialog: Twenty years ago, he helped agitate
dialog: the peasants to revolt against Spain.
text: Alejandro looks down at his table setting --
text: ?It is a VAST ARRAY. He is bewildered. Considering it all, he
text: reaches for a piece of bread, draws the butter closer
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Maybe he'll convince them to help us
dialog: throw off Mexico.
text: Alejandro's hand hovers over several different knives, without a
dialog: clue as to which is which.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: And then he'd just set them against
text: their new rulers. He is an anarchist
dialog: -- nothing more.
text: Alejandro gives up; he pushes away the butter and bites into the
text: roll, resigned to munch it dry.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: I wonder ... would the people embrace
dialog: Zorro if there wasn't a need for him?
text: There's a slight awkwardness. Women should be seen, not heard.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: Elena
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: (ignoring the rebuke)
dialog: Some of the servants seem ... well,
text: jubilant about his return.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: I'll dismiss them immediately.
dialog: (laughter)
text: Diego has returned with Alejandro's wine. He stands behind
dialog: Alejandro's chair --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 61
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: They believe Zorro is one of their
dialog: own. That he's their protector.
text: Alejandro looks up sharply. He's never considered that. Diego also
text: looks at Elena -- but then looks away.
speaker_heading: LOVE
dialog: Fairy tales ... to be expected when
dialog: you talk to people beneath your
dialog: station.
text: Diego sets the wine in front of Alejandro. Alejandro jostles his
text: arm, spilling the wine on his table setting.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: You idiot! Clean these and return
dialog: them to their places!
dialog: (to the table)
dialog: Excuse him
text: Alejandro shoots Diego a plea with his eyes. Diego realizes what
text: Alejandro is asking for. He wipes the silverware with a napkin,
text: returns them to their places.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
text: The butter knife at the top. The
dialog: soup spoon, here. Salad fork, here;
dialog: bread knife; entrée fork; desert fork
text: The conversation continues over him. The Governor weighs in,
text: readjusting the big, soft cushion under him as he speaks.
speaker_heading: GOVERNOR
dialog: I believe that those who govern must
dialog: always hold themselves above the
dialog: people they rule. So as to determine
dialog: what's best for them.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: I'm not so sure. There's something
dialog: to the idea that people can govern
dialog: themselves.
text: She's gone too far. The men don't know what to say. Montero's
text: embarrassed. He chuckles, tries to cover the faux pas.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: A woman's grasp of politics. what
dialog: can I say?
text: Diego rights the wine glass, whispers in Alejandro's ear
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 61
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: And the napkin goes in your lap, not
dialog: tucked in the front of your shirt.
text: Alejandro gives him an angry glance, shoos him away.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: What do you think, Don Alejandro?
dialog: Are the people capable of guiding
dialog: their own lives?
text: Alejandro's on the spot. He considers his answer.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: I think ... that sheep will always
dialog: need shepherds.
text: Elena scowls at him. Alejandro picks up his soup spoon -- actually
text: gives it a happy glance -- and begins to eat.
speaker_heading: DON LUIZ
dialog: Well spoken.
speaker_heading: GOVERNOR
dialog: Absolutely.
text: Montero appraises the young man, smiles. Love doesn't like it.
speaker_heading: LOVE
dialog: Enough of this. We're at a party.
dialog: Elena -- would you care to dance?
text: He offers her his arm. Elena gives Alejandro a final glare.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Yes. Absolutely.
text: She puts her hand on his arm -- but Montero removes it.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: I'm sorry, darling, but I need a few
text: moments of Captain Love's time.
dialog: Perhaps ...
dialog: (to Alejandro)
dialog: Don Alejandro, would you indulge my
dialog: daughter?
dialog: Alejandro was enjoying the soup. One last sip --
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: I'd be delighted. ]
text: She considers a protest -- but Alejandro, quite pleased, is already
text: leading her away. Love stares daggers.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 61
speaker_heading: DON LUIZ
text: An impressive young man.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: Yes. We should include him in the
dialog: junta.
speaker_heading: LOVE
dialog: Can we trust him? We know nothing
text: about him. He's only just arrived in
dialog: California --
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: And that just means he's a gachupin.
dialog: Like me. More importantly -- he is a
dialog: Spaniard.
dialog: (pointed)
dialog: One of us.
text: Love sets his jaw, says nothing
text: ON ALEJANDRO AND ELENA: As she grudgingly allows him to lead her to
text: a spot among the waltzing couples.
speaker_heading: [ALEJANDRO
dialog: Give me a chance, sefiorita. I'm not
dialog: as bad as you think. I could have
dialog: just as easily said music needs notes
dialog: or pigs need slops.]
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: What does that mean?
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: (spreads his hands)
dialog: I have no idea.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Shall we?
text: He opens his arms to her. A moment, and then she accepts. They
text: begin to waltz.
text: ON MONTERO -- who is leaving the ballroom, Don Luiz in tow.
text: Montero glances once back at Alejandro and Elena, smiles -- and then
dialog: exits.
text: Diego, watching him darkly, follows.
scene_heading: INT. ESTATE - HALLWAY - DAY 62
text: The music is softer, distant. Diego moves down the empty hallway.
text: Pushes open a heavy wood door. Glances in --
dialog: 67.
scene_heading: INT. ESTATE - STUDY - DAY 63
text: Books, empty chairs, a table. On the wall is a portrait of Montero
text: and a ten-year-old Elena. He can barely stand to look at it. He
text: pulls the door closed, starts up the hall --
scene_heading: INT. ESTATE - HALLWAY - DAY 64
text: SOUNDS of FOOTSTEPS, approaching. Diego reverses direction
text: smoothly, ducks back into the study --
scene_heading: INT. ESTATE - STUDY - DAY 65
text: -- and pulls up short. Standing in the previously empty study are
text: Montero and Don Luiz, looking down, examining a map.
speaker_heading: DON LUIZ
dialog: If Santa Anna ever learns the truth -
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: (angry, at Diego)
dialog: What do you want?
text: Diego gapes. Where did they come from? But he watches as Don Luiz
text: folds the map protectively, puts it in an oilskin pouch.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: I, uh ... The kitchen. For more
dialog: morcilla --
text: Diego's eyes sweep the room. No other doors or windows.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
text: It's on the other side of the dining
dialog: hall. Go.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: Muchas gracias, sefior.
text: Diego bows, and backs away.
scene_heading: INT. ESTATE - BALLROOM - DAY 66
text: Alejandro and Elena waltz together beautifully. The song ends.
text: Light applause from the dancers. The orchestra begins a fandango.
text: Elena turns away. He catches her arm.
speaker_heading: [ALEJANDRO
dialog: It would be a shame to quit now. We
text: seem to be in step, Elena.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Footwork and spirit are not the same
dialog: thing.]
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: Does that mean you're afraid you
dialog: can't keep up?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 66
text: He strikes a stance -- throwing down the gauntlet. A moments
text: consideration, and then she takes up the challenge.
text: This dance is much hotter than the first. Alejandro dips Elena,
text: pulls her close. She gasps at the contact -- then returns it,
text: sensually. They become more bold, more erotic, with complete
text: disregard for the other dancers. The other dancers step aside,
text: leaving the floor to Alejandro and Elena.
text: Love looks on in disgust.
text: Diego comes back into the ballroom -- and stops short. He sees the
text: way Alejandro is dancing with his daughter -- and doesn't like it.
text: Montero and Don Luiz come in behind him -- and Montero also stops
text: short. He's not too happy at what he sees, either.
text: Montero and Diego wear the exact same expression: that of a
dialog: protective father.
speaker_heading: DON LUIZ
text: Shocking.
text: Both Montero and Diego snap a look at him. Then Montero pushes
text: Diego aside, moves toward the couple.
text: A crescendo; the dance ends with them tightly embraced, breathing
text: hard, barely within decorum.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: You see, Elena? We aren't so
dialog: different. Not at heart.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: So now you know my secret. You can
dialog: keep a secret, can't you?
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: I'm getting better at it.
text: He spots Montero coming his way. He disengages from Elena
text: immediately, becomes the height of propriety.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: Thank you for the dance, sefiorita.
text: She's surprised at his change in behavior. He turns -- and runs
text: into Montero, feigns surprise.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO (CONT'D)
dialog: Don Montero! You startled me -- need
dialog: to catch my breath. Your daughter is
dialog: avery -- spirited -- dancer.
text: Montero's anger -- at Alejandro, at least -- subsides.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 66
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: She does have a problem with
dialog: boundaries at times.
text: Elena's eyes blaze. She can't believe that Alejandro is foisting
text: the blame onto her -- and Montero is buying it. She shoves
text: Alejandro aside, strides from the floor.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: I apologize if you were offended.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: Completely unnecessary, sir.
text: Montero accepts the absolve gratefully. He claps a hand on
text: Alejandro's shoulder.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: Don Alejandro, join us in the
dialog: courtyard. There's something I want
dialog: to share with you.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MONTERO
text: A vision.
text: Alejandro cocks his head -- then smiles.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. ESTATE - COURTYARD - SUNSET 67
text: ANGLE - FROM ABOVE, looking down on the huge round wooden table, the
text: bull and bear carved beautifully into its surface.
text: Select dons take seats of honor around the table. Other dons,
text: Alejandro among them, stand in the torchlit courtyard. Montero
text: stands beneath the mural, hidden by a curtain.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: [Governor ... fellow dons of
dialog: California. Two decades ago, Spain
dialog: abandoned you.] Left you stranded in
text: a sea of barbarism, as surely as if
dialog: California was the island for which
dialog: it was named.
dialog: (fondly)
dialog: But we can recall the golden years of
dialog: —l Camino Real. The fiestas, the
text: bull and bear fights. Mules weighted
dialog: with casks of mescal from Baja!
text: (slams his fist on the
dialog: table)
dialog: And we were the masters! Not Mexican
dialog: peasants! Us.
dialog: (more)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 67
speaker_heading: MONTERO (Cont'd)
dialog: The cabelleros. The gentes de razon.
dialog: (with conviction)
dialog: It is time. Time to exert our
dialog: mastery. Time to claim our
dialog: birthright. My friends, I give you:
text: Montero pulls a cord. The curtain drops away --
speaker_heading: MONTERO (CONT'D)
dialog: The Republic of California!
text: Unveiled is the completed map of North America -- showing the new
text: COUNTRY OF CALIFORNIA. Applause and cheers.
speaker_heading: MONTERO (CONT'D)
dialog: Once again, we will be the silver
dialog: dons. The lords of New Iberia!
text: Some of the younger dons cry 'Viva Montero!' and 'Viva California!
text: Alejandro draws a breath -- this is unbelievable.
text: DON PERALTA rises shakily. White-haired, refined, the oldest -- and
dialog: most respected -- man in the room.
speaker_heading: DON PERALTA
dialog: The old Spanish ways are already
dialog: being lost. And the United States
dialog: . we have long feared its westward
dialog: expansion. They are a nation of
dialog: slavery. They will suppress the holy
dialog: Catholic faith.
dialog: (nods)
dialog: Don Montero's plan is our only
dialog: course.
text: The dons applaud as Peralta settles back into his chair. DON COTA,
text: a severely-dressed reactionary, reproaches Montero.
speaker_heading: DON COTA
dialog: Are you proposing revolution? Have
dialog: you forgotten how Santa Anna reacted
dialog: to Texas independence?
dialog: (ticking them off)
dialog: The massacre at San Antonio de Bexar.
dialog: The massacre at Goliad --
text: Love steps forward.
speaker_heading: LOVE
dialog: (off Cota's rhythm)
dialog: -- the massacre at San Jancinto. But
dialog: wait -- there was something different
dialog: about that one.
dialog: (more)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 67
speaker_heading: LOVE (Cont'd)
dialog: (snaps his fingers)
dialog: That's right! Texas won. We routed
dialog: the Mexican Army and captured Santa
dialog: Anna himself.
text: CRIES of approval at this. Montero holds up his hands.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: Talk of revolution and massacres is
dialog: unnecessary. Our secession will be a
dialog: bloodless one. Gentlemen -- we are
dialog: going to buy California from Mexico.
text: The dons react to this with murmurs of surprise.
scene_heading: INT. ESTATE - HALLWAY - EVENING 67A
text: [Diego eavesdrops outside the doors to the courtyard. He is
text: startled by Elena, who comes up behind him.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Bernardo?
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: Sefiorita -- I
text: He trails off, face-to-face with her alone for the first time. She
text: looks at him, concerned.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: What's wrong, Bernardo? You look as
dialog: though you've seen a ghost.
text: Diego lowers his head, assuming a subservient role -- but also
text: avoiding meeting her eyes.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: I'm sorry, Sefiorita -- I must ... I
dialog: have to go.
text: He hurries away, down the hall. Elena watches him go, curious about
dialog: his reaction. ]
scene_heading: INT./EXT. ESTATE - COURTYARD - EVENING 67B
text: Torches now light the courtyard. Don Cota still isn't satisfied.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: Mexico owes fifteen million pounds to
dialog: England. They have debts to Spain,
dialog: to France
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 67B
speaker_heading: DON COTA
dialog: I find it hard to believe General
dialog: Santa Anna will accept any offer for
dialog: California.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: (smiles)
text: Santa Anna has already accepted. He
text: arrives in two days time to sign the
dialog: treaties, and take delivery of his
dialog: payment.
text: Another don, DON INEZ, calls out.
speaker_heading: DON INEZ
dialog: And what are we paying him with? I
text: saw no crates of gold unloaded on the
dialog: beach when you arrived, Don Montero.
dialog: (warning)
dialog: And Santa Anna is not a man who cares
dialog: for I.0.U.s.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: Except for the ones he writes
dialog: himself, of course.
text: LAUGHTER from the room. One don thumps Alejandro on the back.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: Quite right, Don Alejandro. Some of
dialog: you have apprehensions --
dialog: understandably.
dialog: (considers an idea)
dialog: Very well. We will select a
dialog: representative party. Meet me here
dialog: tomorrow at dawn, and I will lay all
dialog: your doubts to rest.
speaker_heading: DON LUIZ
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: Is this wise?
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: (waves him off)
dialog: Don Inez, of course ... Don Cota
dialog: Don Peralta, Don Aguilar
dialog: Governor
text: His eye falls on Alejandro, who spreads his hands in a ‘how about
dialog: me?' gesture.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: And Don Alejandro -- would you like
dialog: to join us?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 67B
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: It's why I'm here.
speaker_heading: OMITTED (68-71) 71
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAINS - CANYON - GOLD STRIKE - DAY 72
text: [ANGLE ON: a line of horse-drawn COACHES, coming over a rise.
text: Black tarps have been nailed over the windows. Soldiers drive them;
text: Love and Montero accompany them on horseback.
text: The lead coach stops. Montero pulls the door open. The Governor is
text: the first out, sweating, blinking in the sunlight
speaker_heading: GOVERNOR
dialog: Finally! I don't appreciate this
dialog: lack of trust, Don Montero --
text: He shuts up, looking past Montero. Behind him, the representative
text: party climbs out of the coach, just as awed. Alejandro is the last
dialog: out. He stares --]
text: Below the coaches is a narrow canyon, the location of a busy gold
dialog: strike.
text: Sluices bleed water from a tiny stream, leaving the riverbed dry. A
text: series of elaborate WOODEN PLATFORMS and SCAFFOLDINGS have been
text: constructed, allowing access to mines that delve into the canyon
dialog: walls.
text: The sluices, quarries, and mines are worked by MEN IN CHAINS.
text: Men in chains crush stone. Men in chains cart stone out of the
text: mines, carry it down ladders in slings on their backs. Men in
text: chains run the huge smelting pots, and the gold ore lift -- a large
text: pulley-and-counterweight device that lifts the gold up out of the
dialog: valley.
text: Alejandro steps down from the step, joins the other dons, staring
text: down, taking it all in.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: Gentlemen ... This is the means with
dialog: which we will realize our dream.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: Gold. You've discovered gold.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: The Indians did, actually -- but they
dialog: had no idea of its value.
dialog: 74.
scene_heading: EXT. DRY RIVERBED - DAY 73
text: Love addresses the dons as they climb down a stairway, onto the
text: floor of the canyon. They pass several chained INDIANS, crushing
text: stone into slurry, and running it through sluices.
speaker_heading: DON LUIZ
dialog: Since the days of Father Serra, the
dialog: savages have traded gold for food and
dialog: clothing. Don Montero always
dialog: believed we could find the mother
dialog: lode.
speaker_heading: LOVE
dialog: It was just a matter of persuading
dialog: the savages to help us.
text: Alejandro scowls: he can imagine how they were 'persuaded.'
speaker_heading: DON COTA
dialog: How much is there?
text: A PRISONER stirs a hopper of hot embers, used in pouring gold
text: ingots. He pauses, exhausted -- and is CLUBBED back to work by one
dialog: of the many guards.
speaker_heading: LOVE
dialog: At first we were picking it up off
dialog: the ground. Now it's a matter of
text: digging and blasting.
text: The Governor stares at the workers in chains, their guards.
speaker_heading: DON PERALTA
dialog: These people ... this is slavery!
speaker_heading: LOVE
dialog: All these men are law-breakers, sir,
dialog: sentenced to hard labor.
text: Alejandro scans the terrain. He notices something, moves casually
text: toward it. In the mud is --
text: A CHILD'S FOOTPRINT. Tiny beside Alejandro's boot. He looks at
text: Love coldly, the mystery of the 'disappeared ones' explained. He
text: rubs out the print with his boot.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: So. This is the future of
dialog: California.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: Exactly!
text: Alejandro looks toward the workers -- and his eyes widen. One of
text: the workers is staring at him. Starved, unshaven, dirty, it takes a
dialog: moment for Alejandro to recognize him --
text: It is THREE-FINGERED JACK.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 73
speaker_heading: MONTERO (CONT'D)
dialog: Gentleman -- We Spanish came to the
dialog: New World searching for El Dorado
dialog: (beat )
dialog: And now -- We have found it!
text: Jack's eyes widen. He has seen Alejandro. Alejandro glances around
text: -- but where can he run? Jack steps toward Alejandro. Quickens
text: his pace, mouth opening to shout something --
speaker_heading: SOLDIER (0.S.)
dialog: FIRE BELOW!
text: An EXPLOSION rocks the valley, fire erupting from a tunnel, the
text: blast covering the sound of Jack's shout --
text: WHITE SOUND as the blast ECHOES. To the visitors, Jack is just a
text: wild-eyed criminal with a pick, running toward them --
text: Love smoothly draws his pistol. Alejandro moves to stop him --
text: Love FIRES. Blood blossoms on Jack's chest. Jack stumbles, still
text: yards away from Alejandro. A soldier FIRES his rifle into Jack's
dialog: back --
text: Jack crawls forward, an arm reaching for Alejandro --
dialog: ?And then he dies.
text: NORMAL SOUND fades back in. Alejandro stares in horror at Jack's
text: corpse. He reasserts control. His gaze is unreadable.
text: ?The Governor, shaken, looks to Montero for an explanation.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: (apologetic)
dialog: We can't allow any of the prisoners
dialog: to escape, of course. If word got
dialog: out that California was a land of
dialog: gold
speaker_heading: GOVERNOR
dialog: People from all over the world would
dialog: come
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: Yes. That mustn't happen -- not
dialog: until it is our country.
speaker_heading: GOVERNOR
dialog: (he's sold)
dialog: Of course.
speaker_heading: DON COTA
dialog: I think I underestimated you, Don
dialog: Montero. I'm in. We all are.
text: The other cabelleros nod and murmur assent.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 73
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: Thank you.
dialog: (to Alejandro)
dialog: And you, my fellow gachupin. what do
dialog: you think?
text: Alejandro raises an eyebrow. Takes in the workers, the guards, the
text: dead man lying a few feet away.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: Why, a man would have to be crazy to
dialog: protest this.
text: Montero smiles, slaps Alejandro's back. Alejandro and the others
text: head back to the ladders that lead up to the coaches.
text: Love examines JACK'S BODY. Glances at his OUTSTRETCHED ARM, his
text: HAND with only THREE FINGERS.
text: It POINTS DIRECTLY at ALEJANDRO, now walking away. Love watches
text: Alejandro, suspicious now, his frown deepening.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAINS - CANYON - LATER 74
text: The coaches rumble away, out of view, as we DROP DOWN TO --
text: The valley floor as the body of Three-Fingered Jack is dragged
text: through the dirt by guards. Past large rocks. Around a bend.
text: Past cage bars set into the ground --
text: ?-- where a child is staring out, the LITTLE GIRL from the
text: Watering Station. Her father, THE OWNER, pulls her back.
speaker_heading: MINE GUARD
dialog: Everyone -- back to work!
text: Cage doors are opened, and dozens of other workers are released --
text: women, children, old men. They are roughly shoved along.
text: FOLLOW THE BODY as it is dragged down the valley, then
text: unceremoniously dropped, near where a MAN digs in the dirt.
speaker_heading: MINE GUARD
dialog: Another one for you, Father. Better
dialog: hurry up, we're getting ahead of you.
text: The Guard laughs. The man looks up, turns --
text: It_is FRAY FELIPE. He glances at the body.
speaker_heading: FELIPE
dialog: te vas a eir a infierno --
text: The Guard WHIPS Felipe, who crouches down. PULL BACK as Felipe
text: returns to his work, shoveling dirt onto a newly-dug grave. Two
text: branches form a makeshift wooden cross.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 74
text: CONTINUE PULL BACK from Felipe and RISE UP, to reveal the valley
text: floor -- it is nearly covered, filled with dozens, perhaps hundreds
text: of the makeshift crosses.
scene_heading: INT. ESTATE - STABLES - DAY 74A
text: [Diego combs Tornado. Elena leads her horse in. Diego looks up at
text: her -- then away. Elena notices Diego; she hands her horse off to a
text: groom, and approaches.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Good afternoon, Bernardo.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: Sefiorita ...
text: She strokes Tornado admiringly. Diego wishes she would go away.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: A magnificent animal
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: I have to finish grooming him
dialog: for my master
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: How long have you served Don
dialog: Alejandro?
speaker_heading: DIEGO
text: Sometimes it seems interminable.
text: Elena laughs, surprised. Diego immediately realizes his gaffe
text: tries to cover.
speaker_heading: DIEGO (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm sorry -- I speak out of place --
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Don't worry, Bernardo. He won't hear
dialog: if from me.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: There is something about Don
dialog: Alejandro that makes me believe he is
dialog: aman of character ... but it
dialog: certainly isn't in the way he acts.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: Don Alejandro is a fine man ... and
text: he is constantly improving.
text: Diego combs Tornado harder. His words come with difficulty:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 74A
speaker_heading: DIEGO (CONT'D)
dialog: But sometimes ... sometimes
dialog: circumstances prevent a person from
dialog: saying the things ... that need to be
dialog: said. The things he most wants to
dialog: say.
text: Elena considers this. She picks up the brush and begins grooming
text: the horse, beside Diego.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: I think ... I understand. I've felt
dialog: that way.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: Have you?
text: Almost against his will, Diego regards her -- for too long. She's
text: aware of his gaze. He can't help saying it:
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: You look like your mother.
text: Elena snaps a look at him, puzzled at his familiarity.
speaker_heading: DIEGO (CONT'D)
dialog: (recovering)
dialog: -- I imagine. I see very little of
dialog: Don Montero in you.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: I think he'd prefer I was even more
dialog: like her. She was very obedient, and
dialog: always appropriate.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: Is that how he describes her? But
dialog: not you? Growing up, you had trouble
dialog: with rules?
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: You have to ask? Yes ... I was a
dialog: terror. I was always
dialog: (smiles at a memory)
dialog: When I was little, I hated wearing
dialog: shoes. My duena would take her eyes
dialog: off me for an instant, and somehow
dialog: I'd have lost another pair.
dialog: (shakes her head)
dialog: I was a very willful child.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: That must have been something to see
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: T4A
text: They share a moment, a smile.
speaker_heading: DIEGO (CONT'D)
dialog: What happened to your mother?
text: Elena looks away. A painful memory, but one she's learned to deal
dialog: with.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: She died, just after I was born. I
dialog: never knew her ... and my father
dialog: rarely speaks of her.
text: Elena really appraises Diego. Something's been bothering her, and
text: she can't keep it inside any longer.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Bernardo -- last night, I wanted to
dialog: ask you ... Have we ever met? In
dialog: Spain, perhaps?
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: I haven't been to Spain in... since
dialog: before you were born.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: I'm sorry -- it's just ... your voice
text: seems so familiar.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: My voice ..?
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Yes. The sound of it. I swear I've
dialog: heard it before.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: It may be ... I just have one of
dialog: those voices
text: Elena considers it. Finally shrugs non-comittally.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: I suppose. Well ... it's very
dialog: pleasant. Good day, Bernardo.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: Vaya con Dios, Sefiorita.
text: She moves away, toward the door. Diego can't stop himself --
speaker_heading: DIEGO (CONT'D)
dialog: Sefiorita!
text: She turns back to face him.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: T4A
speaker_heading: DIEGO (CONT'D)
dialog: Perhaps ... you are more like your
dialog: mother than you realize.
text: She's surprised. She beams.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Gracias, Bernardo.
text: She exits. Diego lets the comb drop from his hand. Leans his
dialog: forehead against Tornado. ]
scene_heading: EXT. ESTATE - FRONT GATE - DAY 75
text: The dons, in a celebratory mood, emerge from the coaches, head for
text: the house. Alejandro is the last one out; his mood is much less
dialog: ebullient.
text: Diego waits with Tornado and his donkey. Alejandro goes to him.
text: As he checks the cinch of his saddle:
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: He's discovered gold. A lot of it.
text: Diego is surprised -- but believes it.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: Gold.
dialog: (nods, thinking)
dialog: He's going to buy California from
dialog: Santa Anna -- using gold that belongs
dialog: to Santa Anna.
dialog: (a mirthless laugh)
dialog: It's exactly what I'd expect from
dialog: Montero.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: He's got people in chains -- working
dialog: the mines. He says they're
dialog: criminals.
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: I saw a child's footprint. And my
dialog: friend Jack --
dialog: (his voice falters)
dialog: Jack was there as well.
dialog: (grim)
dialog: I think I have found the
dialog: disaparecidos.
speaker_heading: [DIEGO
dialog: I think ... that it is time for Zorro
text: to make another appearance. Tonight.
text: Alejandro gives him a questioning look. Before he can say anything
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 75
speaker_heading: LOVE
dialog: Don Alejandro!
text: Love comes up behind him. Trailing Love are two soldiers, one of
text: them POX-SCARRED and huge.
speaker_heading: LOVE
dialog: I'd like a word with you.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: LOVE
text: Not here. At the cuartel.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: Very well. I'1l meet you there.
speaker_heading: LOVE
dialog: I have a coach waiting. Let's all go
dialog: together.
text: It's not a request. Alejandro takes in the huge Pox-scarred
text: Soldier. Smiles, shrugs.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: If it's that urgent, Captain, how can
dialog: I refuse?
text: He and Diego exchange a look, and then Alejandro follows the two
text: soldiers away. Tornado snorts. Love glances at him -- then does a
text: double-take. Shakes his head, moves away.
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN SQUARE - DAY 76
text: Elena moves through the square. She passes a row of stalls where
text: Indian artisans display their wares.
text: A very old INDIAN WOMAN tugs on Elena's skirt. Smiling, she presses
text: a yellow pafiuelo into Elena's hands.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Thank you. It's beautiful.
text: The Old Woman says something in her native tongue, touches Elena
text: gently on the shoulder.
text: Elena tries the pafiuelo on. (It is similar to the one Esperanza
text: wore in the opening of the movie.) Elena smiles, delighted with it.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: How much?
text: Elena looks up, but the Old Woman is gone. Elena searches, sees the
text: Old Woman back behind her stand, speaking with a young INDIAN GIRL.
text: Elena approaches.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 76
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: How much does this cost?
text: The Indian Girl speaks to the Old Woman, who shakes her head.
speaker_heading: INDIAN GIRL
dialog: It is a gift, she says. In honor of
dialog: your mother.
text: Elena is taken aback.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Tell her she must be mistaken. My
dialog: mother died long ago, in Spain.
text: The Indian Girl translates. The Old Woman makes a dismissive
text: gesture. Speaks emphatically, indicates Elena's face.
speaker_heading: INDIAN GIRL
dialog: She says there is no mistaking the
dialog: daughter of Esperanza and Diego de la
dialog: Vega. She worked for your mother on
dialog: the de la Vega Estate.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: She says your eyes are your mother's
text: eyes.
text: Elena holds the scarf out, her hand trembling.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: I'm sorry. I cannot accept this --
text: The Old Woman waves a hand at Elena, and disappears into the back of
dialog: the stand.
text: Elena watches her go, shaken, twisting the scarf in her hands.
scene_heading: EXT. DE LA VEGA HACIENDA - SUNSET 76A
text: [All that is left are charred, overgrown ruins. Elena climbs toward
text: them, a carriage waiting on the road behind her.
text: Elena steps into the center of what is left of the hacienda. She
text: takes a deep breath. A sudden impulse, and she turns --
text: -- and faces what was her nursery room, the spectacular view of the
text: distant coastline. She steps into the 'room.' Beyond the broken
text: remains of the window is a tall bush -- manzanita.
text: She leans down hesitantly. Then breathes in its scent --
text: Elena slumps, sits on the broken remains of a wall, buries her head
text: in her hands. Finally she lifts her head, and looks around,
text: questioning, still unsure.]
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: +OMIT 77
scene_heading: INT. CUARTEL - DAY 78
text: The Cuartel is in the midst of reconstruction. Alejandro is shoved
text: into a chair at a desk. Love sits across from him. A water pitcher
text: and two glasses are before him.
speaker_heading: LOVE
dialog: I know your secret.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: Would you care to share it with me?
text: Love takes one of the glasses, but ignores the wine. He fills it
text: from a container in his desk drawer, out of sight from Alejandro.
speaker_heading: [LOVE
dialog: Did you know that ancient warriors
dialog: would cannibalize their slain
dialog: enemies? In order to absorb their
dialog: essence. Their eyes, in particular,
dialog: were most sought after. To see
dialog: through the eyes of an enemy was a
dialog: valuable thing. ]
text: Love sips from his glass, regards Alejandro with hooded eyes.
speaker_heading: LOVE (CONT'D)
dialog: And it's in a man's eyes that you can
dialog: find the true measure of his soul.
dialog: (takes another sip)
dialog: Where are my manners? Would you care
dialog: for a drink?
text: Love brings the container up suddenly and shoves it across the
text: table. It rotates as it slides --
text: -- Alejandro is looking at the pickled HEAD of JOAQUIN MURIETTA.
text: In the jar, the lid off.
text: Alejandro is startled -- but that's all. No anger in his eyes.
speaker_heading: LOVE
dialog: Perhaps a different vintage ..?
text: Love slides a second, smaller jar forward. It contains THREE-
text: FINGERED JACK'S three-fingered hand.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: Interesting taste you have.
dialog: (nods at Joaquin)
dialog: Who was he? An irate husband, maybe?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 78
speaker_heading: LOVE
text: An enemy. He has a brother out there
text: somewhere. Who will share his fate.
text: Alejandro remains unfazed. In fact --
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: Well, I wish you luck.
text: -- he picks up the jar containing Joaquin's head.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: To your health.
text: ?-- and DRINKS BRINE from it. His eyes never leave Love's. Love
text: narrows his eyes at him.
speaker_heading: LOVE
dialog: You may not be Murietta's brother --
dialog: but you are more than you pretend to
dialog: be.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: Am I? Maybe someday I'll see what I
dialog: look like through your eyes, Captain
dialog: Love.
text: With that, Alejandro pats his lips with his handkerchief, rises,
text: saunters out.
speaker_heading: +OMIT 79
speaker_heading: OMITTED (80) 80
speaker_heading: OMITTED (81) 81
scene_heading: EXT. ESTATE - HILLSIDE - NIGHT 82
text: [CLOSE ON: Alejandro's eyes. He looks out at --
text: The Estate. Serene under the bright stars. He and Diego survey it
text: from a secluded vantage point. Tornado is tied to a tree. A
text: canister of kerosene sits to one side.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: There must be a secret room off the
dialog: study. Search it -- somewhere in
text: there, they have a map of the mine.
dialog: (off Alejandro's look)
dialog: I'm certain. It's all the proof we
dialog: need of Montero's treachery.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 82
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: Montero ... What about Love?
dialog: (seeing it)
dialog: He kept my brother's head. In a jar.
dialog: He ...
dialog: (he falters)
dialog: He is a monster.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: Alejandro -- Listen to me. There is
dialog: more at stake here than your revenge.
dialog: California must not fall under
dialog: Montero's rule. We must expose him,
dialog: his true nature, to everyone who
text: loves and respects him.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: Please.
text: Alejandro considers his words.
text: ?He ties on the ZORRO MASK. Calming down.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: Yes ... very well.
text: Diego squeezes his shoulder, questioningly. Alejandro nods: 'I'm
dialog: okay.']
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: Go over the wall at my signal.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: What's the signal?
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: You'll know.
scene_heading: EXT. ESTATE - OUTER WALL - NIGHT 83
text: Zorro moves silently from shadow to shadow. Crouches. Ahead of
text: him, several SOLDIERS patrol the estate perimeter.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. ESTATE - COURTYARD - NIGHT 84
text: Montero and Love sit at the table. Before them is the oilskin
text: pouch. Spread out is the map to the mines. Love gazes at the wall
text: at the huge map of North America above them.
speaker_heading: LOVE
dialog: How long until we turn toward the
dialog: United States?
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: There will be a gold rush, of course.
dialog: We'll have population and wealth
dialog: enough to raise an army.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 84
speaker_heading: LOVE
dialog: (anticipating it)
dialog: How far do we go?
text: Montero makes a sweeping gesture across the large map.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: All the way to the east coast,
dialog: Harrison. Just think of it as
dialog: (he grins)
dialog: Manifest destiny.
text: Love raises a wine glass in a toast. Starts to drink --
text: ?Suddenly SHOUTS are heard. Cries of 'FUEGO!' ring out --
scene_heading: EXT. ESTATE - GATE - NIGHT 85
text: Montero's stricken expression is lit by a burning glow --
text: Across the valley is a huge BURNING Z OF FLAMES. It takes up an
text: entire hillside, white smoke billowing into the black sky.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: it's happening again
text: Behind him, Love shouts orders. Horses THUNDER past as soldiers
dialog: ride to investigate --
scene_heading: EXT. ESTATE - OUTER WALL - NIGHT 86
text: Zorro sees the burning Z, grins. The soldiers in front of him move
text: away from their posts. Zorro slips over the wall.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. ESTATE - COURTYARD - NIGHT 87
text: Zorro moves quickly to the courtyard. He sees papers on the wooden
text: table. Goes to investigate.
text: It is the map. Zorro can't believe his good fortune. He moves
text: toward it -- hears Love approaching.
speaker_heading: LOVE (0.S.)
dialog: Back to your posts! Immediately!
text: Zorro curses under his breath, slips into the shadows --
scene_heading: INT. ESTATE - STUDY - NIGHT 88
text: Zorro backs into the study, crouches. He notices the portrait of
text: Montero and Elena.
text: Suddenly SOUNDS of FOOTSTEPS approaching. Zorro looks around,
text: searching the room. He runs his hands along the wall. Pulls ona
text: bookshelf. VOICES can be heard now --
text: ?An idea hits him.
text: ?He goes back to the portrait. Adjusts it --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 88
text: A soft 'click.' A bookshelf swings away from the wall. A secret
text: passage lies beyond -- from within comes the shimmer of gold --
scene_heading: INT. ESTATE - ROOM OF GOLD - NIGHT 89
text: Zorro moves into the room, awed. Stacks of GOLD INGOTS. GOLD
text: CONQUISTADOR ARMOR. One wall stacked with STRONGBOXES, like the one
dialog: stolen earlier -- enough gold to buy a country.
text: Central to it all is the portrait of a woman. Surrounded by golden
text: splendor, lit by candles, the room is almost a shrine.
speaker_heading: ZORRO
dialog: Elena ..?
text: But it is not Elena. It's her mother. The lower right corner is
text: burned away, but the name plate is still there: Esperanza de la
text: Vega. Zorro frowns.
text: He examines the armor, touches the helmet, leaving it askew.
text: Outside, from the study, approaching VOICES can be heard. Zorro's
text: head snaps up. He looks around for a way out --
scene_heading: INT. ESTATE - ROOM OF GOLD - MOMENTS LATER 90
text: ON MONTERO AND LOVE as they enter --
text: ?The room of gold is EMPTY. Zorro has disappeared. Montero
text: carries the oilskin pouch that contains the map.
speaker_heading: [MONTERO
dialog: Santa Anna will be here at dawn. We
dialog: cannot risk discovery. ]
speaker_heading: LOVE
dialog: The mine is nearly played out. We've
dialog: found no new veins in months. We
dialog: could destroy it.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: Yes. Destroy it. Better safe than
dialog: sorry.
speaker_heading: LOVE
dialog: And the slaves?
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: (brusque)
dialog: No survivors.
speaker_heading: LOVE
dialog: Always a good policy.
text: Montero puts the pouch inside an ornate chest. Our ANGLE favors the
text: gold conquistador armor -- is Zorro hiding there?
text: Love has noticed the askew helmet on the armor. He frowns.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 90
text: Love moves to it. Pulls out his sword. Oh, no. Swings the sword
text: hard through the neck, CHOPPING OFF the helmet. It CLATTERS to the
text: ground -- the armor is EMPTY.
speaker_heading: LOVE
dialog: As you say ... better safe than
dialog: sorry.
text: He scans the room suspiciously. Follows Montero out.
text: TILT UP: We see Zorro, hidden in the shadows of the ceiling, holding
text: himself spread-eagled between two beams. He drops to the floor,
text: opens the chest. Grabs the oilskin pouch --
scene_heading: INT. ESTATE - HALLWAY - NIGHT 91
text: Zorro slips out of the study. Hears Love's voice:
speaker_heading: LOVE (0.S.)
dialog: I want the house and grounds
dialog: searched. Twice.
text: Love comes into view, with several soldiers. Zorro backs away,
text: around a corner, into hiding. He stuffs the oilskin pouch into his
text: shirt, looks up --
text: A mirror is opposite him. Zorro curses as he sees Love's
text: reflection, just as Love spots him --
speaker_heading: LOVE
dialog: There he is!
text: Next to Love, a Soldier takes aim, FIRES. Zorro's image SHATTERS,
text: of course, as the bullet hits the mirror. Love rolls his eyes at
text: the Soldier's stupidity, slaps him.
speaker_heading: LOVE
dialog: After him!
text: The chase is on. Zorro bolts, heads UP A WIDE FLIGHT OF STAIRS,
text: Love and the soldiers after him. He turns a corner --
text: -- and comes face-to-face with Montero. Montero's eyes go wide,
text: horrified at the sight of ZORRO, a specter from the past. He
text: staggers, puts a hand out to the wall.
text: Zorro spins, and leaps to a window--
scene_heading: INT./EXT. ESTATE - COURTYARD - NIGHT 92
text: Zorro sidesteps a Soldier chasing him out the window; the Soldier
text: goes over the edge, but manages to grab onto the sill with both
text: hands. He makes a convenient ladder.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 92
text: Zorro climbs down him, holding onto his ankles, but can't quite
text: reach the next balcony. With his sword, Zorro cuts the Soldier's
text: belt. His pants drop, catch on his ankles. Hanging from the pants,
text: Zorro swings to the balcony --
text: -- where another Soldier appears. Zorro leaps down to a wooden
text: crossbeam, which supports a bell above the courtyard. The Soldier
text: jumps onto the beam after him --
text: Zorro is knocked off-balance; he hooks a leg, spins around the beam,
text: comes back up the other side and hits the soldier. The soldier
text: falls off the beam --
text: -- into the hanging bell with a 'CLANG.' Zorro leaps to the bellpull
text: rope, slides down to the tabletop. More Dragoons appear from all
dialog: sides --
text: Zorro fights them, the table his circle. His style is fluid, more
text: flamboyant than Diego's. He dodges, spins, meeting all attacks.
scene_heading: INT. ESTATE - UPSTAIRS HALLWAY - NIGHT 93
text: Love helps Montero to his feet.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: Zorro -- it's Zorro!
speaker_heading: LOVE
dialog: He has the map --
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: You must stop him! Kill him!
text: Elena comes into the hallway in her nightgown, hair sleep-tousled.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Father? What's happening?
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: Lock yourself in your room! Now!
text: He and Love hurry down the stairs. Elena does not return to her
text: room. She looks out the window, sees --
scene_heading: EXT. ESTATE - COURTYARD - NIGHT 94
text: Zorro is in danger of being overwhelmed as more Dragoons keep
text: coming. Several take aim with rifles --
text: Zorro leaps for the bell pull -- lifts himself up into the bell asa
text: VOLLEY of SHOTS ricochet off, RINGING it loudly --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 94
text: Zorro drops down. A little wobbly, he swings on the bell pull rope
text: out over a soldier's head, kicking him. His boots hit the wall,
text: leaving bootprints on the map-mural. He back-flips to the ground,
text: dashes out, around the side of the house.
scene_heading: INT. STABLES - NIGHT 95
text: Zorro dashes inside. Horses whinny nervously. He slouches against
dialog: the wall --
text: A soldier comes out of a stall, pistol pointed at Zorro.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER
dialog: Don't move!
text: Zorro isn't happy to see him. He looks to heaven --
text: ?-- then BANGS his fist against the stall. The nervous horse
text: KICKS the soldier across the stable, knocking him out.
text: The FRONT DOORS close. Zorro whirls --
text: Elena, a robe wrapped around her, is there. They look at each
dialog: other.
speaker_heading: ZORRO
dialog: Good evening, Sefiorita.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: I saw you come in here.
speaker_heading: ZORRO
dialog: You should be careful. There are
text: dangerous men about.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: You lied to me. You pretended to be
dialog: a priest.
speaker_heading: ZORRO
dialog: You lied to Captain Love. You
dialog: pretended I was a priest.
text: She scowls. Moves toward the soldier.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: You've stolen something of my
dialog: father's. I can't let you leave.
text: Zorro laughs. He moves toward her, toward the doors --
text: Elena draws the soldier's sword, levels it at Zorro.
speaker_heading: ZORRO
dialog: Oh, please.
text: He continues toward the door --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 95
text: She ATTACKS -- practiced, deadly. Surprised, Zorro evades, must
text: draw his sword to defend himself. He leaps away from her.
dialog: Considers.
speaker_heading: ZORRO
dialog: I don't have time to give you a
dialog: fencing lesson.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: You're the one who needs to learn a
dialog: few things.
text: She engages him, blades dancing --
text: ?-- a SLASH cuts his shirt. He fingers the cut. Then he salutes
text: her -- and attacks seriously.
dialog: Lightning parry-ripostes --
text: Her robe is slowing her down. She slips it off quickly.
text: Zorro slices her nightgown, exposing the smooth curve of her left
dialog: hip.
speaker_heading: ZORRO
dialog: You should have parried primero
text: instead of séptimo.
text: She sneers and moves in again. This time he cuts to her right
text: shoulder. The strap of the nightgown falls away; we see bare
text: shoulder, the swell of her breast.
speaker_heading: ZORRO
dialog: And your tercera parry is too low.
dialog: You're not catching the strong of the
dialog: blade.
text: Elena's incensed. The duel renews. She grabs up her robe. She
text: uses like a cape as they fight, parrying thrusts, snapping it across
text: his face to divert him.
text: A quick series and the sleeve of Zorro's shirt drops away, exposing
text: well-muscled arm, shoulder and chest.
text: Another exchange and Zorro finds himself backed against a stack of
text: hay bales. Elena catches his blade in her robe -- twists it,
text: disarming him, sending his sword across the room.
text: They're both stunned at this development. Then Elena grins --
text: Zorro backrolls onto the hay bales (losing his hat) --
text: ?-- then leaps over her --
text: ?-- she slashes at him --
text: He lands. Dismayed, he examines a gash in his pants, along the
text: inseam, about three inches below the crotch.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 95
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: You should have parried séptimo.
text: He glares at her. Grabs up his sword.
text: She lunges at him. He parries, swipes at her head --
dialog: ?She ducks --
text: He steps on her hair. She can't straighten up. She glares up at
text: him through her hair.
text: Elena slashes at his legs. He leaps over her blade --
text: ?She snaps her head up, her hair free --
text: ?-- he lands and she spins, leg out, taking his feet out from
text: under him. He goes down flat on his back. She attacks --
text: [Zorro parries her attack using his spurs and boots. Sparks fly.
text: He catches the blade between crossed spurs, rolls, wrenches the
text: sword from her.
text: She grabs up his sword, faces him. Both are breathing hard,
text: sweating, their clothes in a state of dishabille. He weighs her
text: sword in his hand -- its lighter. He smiles, re-engages --
text: Zorro envelopes her blade (actually, his sword) and snaps it into
dialog: the ceiling -- where it sticks.]
text: He puts her on point. She never takes her eyes off him as he moves
text: toward her, backing her toward the hay bales.
text: She leans back -- her face is illumined by a shaft of moonlight
text: through a high window.
speaker_heading: ZORRO
dialog: I wondered what you would look like
text: bathed in moonlight ... Beautiful.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: (a husky whisper)
dialog: I'll scream.
speaker_heading: ZORRO
dialog: No doubt.
text: He kisses her. She does not resist. Their lips part. He stares
text: into her eyes. Leans in again. She's ready for another kiss --
text: -- he retrieves his hat. Puts it on, touches the brim.
speaker_heading: ZORRO
dialog: As I said -- Good evening, Sefiorita.
text: [He tosses her sword so it sticks in the ceiling, grabs his own,
text: leaps to a ladder, then to the loft, and out.]
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 95
text: Elena watches him go, breathing hard, perhaps a bit disappointed.
text: The doors burst open. Montero follows several soldiers.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: Elena! what are you doing out here?
dialog: Was Zorro here?
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Yes! I fought him -- then he left.
dialog: (suddenly incensed)
dialog: He left!
text: Montero rushes to a window. Elena pulls her sword from the ceiling
text: (she must jump several times to reach it), joins him.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: Could you tell who he was? Was he an
dialog: old man?
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Oh, no ... he was young. Very
dialog: vigorous
text: She thinks about that -- then slashes the air angrily with her
text: sword. Montero looks at her, puzzled.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: You know how to fence?
text: Elena stops looking angry, starts looking guilty.
scene_heading: EXT. ESTATE - NIGHT 96
text: Zorro reaches the high exterior wall. Spots a ladder leaning
text: against it, makes for it, soldiers after him.
text: He clambers up. A soldier stabs at him. Zorro twists the ladder
text: over, parrying the blade with the side rail. Hanging from a step
text: he kicks a second soldier coming at him. The first soldier stabs
text: again. Zorro flips the ladder, parrying again. Kicks the man in
text: the face, climbs up to the wall.
text: +NEAR THE STABLES, Love grabs a LIEUTENANT as he rushes by. 97
speaker_heading: LOVE
dialog: Take a company on horseback. Ford
dialog: the river, block the bridge, in case
dialog: he escapes --
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: Yes sir!
dialog: 94.
text: +AT THE FRONT GATE, Zorro battles a guard. Their swords cross, 98
text: lock -- Zorro picks the man up, hangs him on the post of the gate,
text: kicks him. He swings away --
text: And Zorro turns, parries a thrust from another guard. Behind him,
text: the gate swings back toward Zorro as he fights. The hanging soldier
text: readies his sword, stabs at Zorro --
text: -- who dodges just in time; the hanging Soldier runs through the
text: soldier Zorro was fighting.
text: Zorro turns. One Rifleman is left, standing his ground, desperately
text: re-loading. Zorro strides toward him. The Rifleman moves quickly:
text: powder, wadding, tamp, ball, tamp. He raises his rifle to shoot --
text: Zorro is right there. He puts his sword into the barrel. The
text: Soldier pulls the trigger -- the rifle BACKFIRES, knocks him flat.
text: Guards call out -- he's been spotted. Zorro spins, races through
dialog: the gates.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - NIGHT 99
text: Alejandro rushes past trees. Dives into the cover of a bush.
text: Quiets his breathing. SOUNDS of pursuit all around:
speaker_heading: LOVE (0.S.)
dialog: I want his head! Shoot to kill!
text: From behind Alejandro comes a RUSTLE. He spins. Staring straight
text: into his eyes is --
text: A FOX.
text: Alejandro stares back. The fox crouches as soldiers move past.
text: It, too, is hiding. SOUNDS of the soldiers FADE. The fox stares at
text: Alejandro. It is a strange, silent, defining moment, a moment of
dialog: destiny for Alejandro.
text: And then, as suddenly as it appeared, the fox leaps away.
text: Alejandro turns from it, his eyes thoughtful, serene.
scene_heading: EXT. ESTATE - DIRT ROAD - NIGHT 100
text: In the distance, SHOUTS from soldiers; sounds of MANY HOOFBEATS
text: approaching. Zorro steps onto the road, WHISTLES for Tornado, who
text: appears out of the woods. Relieved, Zorro moves toward him.
speaker_heading: ZORRO
dialog: No time to waste, let's go --
text: At the word 'go' Tornado takes off -- but Zorro's not yet astride
text: him. He grabs for the riata hanging from the saddle, is dragged a
text: few yards. The riata pulls free, and Zorro tumbles into the
text: undergrowth.
speaker_heading: CORPORAL LOPEZ (0.S.)
dialog: I hear him! Hurry -- he's getting
dialog: away !
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 100
text: ANGLE - ZORRO, on the ground as a troop on horses -- led by the
text: hapless Corporal Lopez -- THUNDER toward him, chasing Tornado.
text: As they race past, Zorro casts his riata at a branch overhead.
dialog: Runs, swings out --
text: -- onto the last horse of the troop, knocking the soldier off.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - MOVING WITH HORSES - NIGHT, 101
text: as Zorro leaps to the next horse, knocks its rider off. Leaps
text: again, knocks that rider off, too. One at a time he takes them out,
text: working his way to the front.
text: In the lead, Lopez rides hard, along the embankment of a raging
text: river. He finally catches sight of Tornado -- and sees he is
text: riderless.
speaker_heading: CORPORAL LOPEZ
dialog: Where is he?
text: He twists, looks back over his right shoulder, cries out --
text: His company is gone. Following him is a THUNDERING HERD of
text: RIDERLESS HORSES, an eerie sight.
text: Lopez looks over his left shoulder --
text: There's Zorro, pacing him, grinning at him. He punches Lopez in the
text: face, knocking him off his horse -- but Lopez catches himself on his
dialog: horse's neck --
text: Ahead is a fallen tree, coming up fast. Zorro sees it --
text: He steps off his horse, onto the back of Lopez's horse, across to
text: Tornado, into the saddle, and spurs the black stallion. Tornado
text: LEAPS over the fallen tree.
text: Lopez, still hanging from his horse's neck, looks over his shoulder,
text: sees the tree approaching. His horse leaps --
text: THUD, and Lopez is gone.
scene_heading: EXT. BRIDGE - NIGHT 102
text: Ahead is a high bridge. Tornado thunders across, pulls up --
text: ?0n the far side are seven Dragoons on horseback, sent by Love
dialog: to cut Zorro off.
dialog: Tornado wheels --
text: ?Behind them are four more Dragoons. Zorro draws his sword.
speaker_heading: ZORRO
dialog: (to Tornado)
dialog: Well, which is it going to be? Seven
dialog: on that side, four on the other
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 102
text: Tornado wheels toward the seven.
speaker_heading: ZORRO
dialog: Sure. What's a few extra soldiers,
dialog: more or less --
text: Tornado wheels back toward the four.
speaker_heading: ZORRO
dialog: Make up your mind!
text: Tornado moves skittishly, his ears back, his eyes wild. He does not
text: like this situation. And then he lunges forward --
speaker_heading: ZORRO
dialog: Hey! Whoa! WHOA!
text: Tornado LEAPS from the bridge. They plummet spectacularly down,
text: SPLASHING into the churning river below.
text: The soldiers look down with awe and respect.
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: That is the bravest man I have ever
dialog: seen.
dialog: Murmurs of agreement --
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER - NIGHT 103
text: Coughing, Zorro screams at Tornado as they flail in the rushing
dialog: water.
speaker_heading: ZORRO
dialog: Stupid, stupid horse! You're crazy!
dialog: Don't ever do that!
dialog: 
text: Tornado climbs up out of the rushing water. Shakes himself off.
text: Zorro pulls himself up onto a rock.
speaker_heading: ZORRO
dialog: I can't believe you did that.
text: Tornado snorts at him as if to say, 'it worked, didn't it?' Cursing,
text: Zorro crawls onto shore.
scene_heading: INT. SECRET CAVE - NIGHT 104
text: The map is rolled open on the dais. Alejandro and Diego stand on
text: the cave floor. Alejandro traces a river with his finger.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: This is the canyon, here. There were
dialog: at least ten guards -- but we can
dialog: handle them.
text: He heads across the dais for the exit. Diego doesn't move.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 104
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO (CONT'D)
dialog: Once the prisoners are free, they'll
dialog: join the fight --
dialog: (he looks back)
dialog: What are you waiting for? We have to
dialog: get moving!
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: No.
text: Alejandro is puzzled. Diego doesn't meet his eyes.
speaker_heading: DIEGO (CONT'D)
text: Montero is deceiving Santa Anna. To
dialog: save his dream -- his precious
dialog: Republic of California -- he will do
dialog: whatever I want.
dialog: (he looks up)
dialog: The mine must remain a secret.
text: Alejandro stares at Diego, aghast.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: But the prisoners will die!
text: Diego slams his hand on the dais.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: If the news of the mine gets out,
dialog: I'll have no leverage over Montero.
text: He rolls up the map, steps up and past Alejandro.
speaker_heading: DIEGO (CONT'D)
dialog: Our bargain is complete. You've
dialog: discovered the truth. You're free to
dialog: take your revenge on Love.
text: Alejandro cuts in front of Diego, blocking his path. Unbeknownst to
text: the two men they enact a duel on the circle.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: You told me that the circle would
dialog: expand ... my world would get larger.
dialog: It has.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: There is more at stake here than just
dialog: revenge.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: Would your brother agree with that?
text: That cuts Alejandro -- but he knows the truth.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 98.
dialog: 104
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: I am no longer certain killing Love
dialog: is the best way to honor Joaquin.
dialog: (accusing)
dialog: You said this was about saving
dialog: California -- the people of
dialog: California. They believe Zorro is
dialog: their protector --
text: Diego laughs a sharp, bitter laugh.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: I tried that. Protecting people. I
dialog: couldn't even protect my family. My
dialog: whole life was destroyed. My wife
dialog: was killed. And my daughter --
dialog: (an effort to say it)
dialog: My daughter was stolen from me.
text: Hearing it, it suddenly becomes clear to Alejandro:
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: Elena. Elena is your daughter.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: Yes! And with this --
dialog: (the map)
dialog: I will force Montero to tell her the
dialog: truth! She will be lost to him --
dialog: just as she was lost to me. That's
dialog: what I dream about! That's the only
dialog: circle I give a damn about!
text: The two men stare at each other. Finally:
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: You think Montero will give up his
dialog: daughter for the sake of his dream?
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: Yes! I know him! TI know him as well
dialog: as I know --
dialog: (cuts himself off)
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: Yourself?
dialog: (beat )
dialog: I ride to the mine.
text: Diego grabs Alejandro by the collar.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 104
speaker_heading: [DIEGO
dialog: Santa Anna will be here in few hours!
text: When he finds out the truth, there
dialog: will be a blood bath! Elena could be
dialog: killed! ]
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: Then that gives you something to do!
dialog: Save her!
dialog: (quoting)
dialog: No innocent will die, as long as
text: Zorro is alive to rescue them.
dialog: (lets it sink in)
dialog: Too bad you're dead.
text: He shoves Diego away. The old man sprawls to the ground.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: You're a fool! Do you think that's
dialog: all this has been about? To make you
dialog: a hero? The protector of the people?
text: Alejandro heads for the exit.
speaker_heading: DIEGO (CONT'D)
dialog: (vehemently)
dialog: You are mine! I forged you as my
dialog: weapon!
text: Alejandro turns, holds Diego's gaze.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: No. You taught me to be Zorro.
text: He leaves. Diego is alone, in the middle of the dais, in the center
text: of the circle. Lost. Searching for his course.
scene_heading: EXT. DRY RIVERBED - MORNING 105
text: Love oversees several GUARDS as they force SLAVES into a small gated
text: tunnel on the canyon floor.
text: There isn't much room; the slaves are packed tight, with more to
dialog: come.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: They're not going to be very
text: comfortable, all of them crammed in
dialog: like that.
speaker_heading: LOVE
dialog: Don't worry. It won't be for long.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 105
text: That's when the Guard notices: EXPLOSIVES are being laid at the
text: tunnel entrance, and on the slope above. The implication is clear -
dialog: the slaves will be buried alive.
text: Love strides to the ore lift, nimbly leaps on t as it rises --
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAINS - CANYON - GOLD STRIKE - MORNING 106
text: A load of gold ore is moved from the platform hoist, onto a wagon.
text: Love sits astride his horse.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER
dialog: That's it. The final load.
speaker_heading: LOVE
dialog: I'll escort it to Montero personally.
text: We gradually become aware of another person in the scene: Zorro.
text: He sits astride Tornado, horse and rider completely motionless, in
text: the shadow of a boulder. Watching.
text: CLOSE ON: Zorro's sword hand. He grips his sword tightly.
speaker_heading: LOVE
text: As soon as the prisoners are
dialog: confined, explode the charges. Don't
dialog: delay.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: CLOSE ON: Zorro's eyes behind the mask.
speaker_heading: ZORRO
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: The cost is too high.
text: He relaxes his grip on the sword. The wagon moves forward; Love
text: gallops away, never knowing the danger he was in.
text: Zorro dismounts silently. Gestures for Tornado to stay put. As the
text: soldiers turn away, Zorro hops nimbly onto the lowering platform as
text: it drops out of sight.
speaker_heading: +OMIT 107
speaker_heading: +OMIT 108
scene_heading: EXT. DRY RIVERBED - MORNING 109
text: Fray Felipe clings to a post, refusing to move into the tunnel. He
text: is whipped by a SADISTIC SOLDIER.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 109
speaker_heading: FELIPE
dialog: (in Latin)
dialog: . forgive us our trespasses as we
dialog: forgive those who trespass against us
speaker_heading: SADISTIC SOLDIER
dialog: Oh, shut up! God's not going to
dialog: answer your prayers!
text: Of course that's when Zorro appears behind him, a dark angel.
text: Felipe's eyes widen.
speaker_heading: SADISTIC SOLIDER (CONT'D)
dialog: He sure never answered mine.
text: The soldier raises his whip, turns. Zorro gives him a smile.
speaker_heading: ZORRO
dialog: Next time you can ask Him in person.
text: The soldier slashes the whip at Zorro, who runs him through.
text: [Zorro offers his hand to the priest, helps him up.
speaker_heading: FELIPE
dialog: You really are Zorro ... aren't you?]
speaker_heading: ZORRO
dialog: Help the others. Get them out of
dialog: here.
text: Felipe nods. Zorro pulls open the gate to the tunnel. Slaves spill
text: out, climbing up the scaffolding and ladders to freedom. One of
text: the soldiers setting explosives spots them.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER
dialog: It's Zorro! Get him!
text: Soldiers scramble toward Zorro. The fuse line spool to the powder
text: kegs is dropped.
text: Zorro moves with grace and economy, taking on two, then three, then
text: four soldiers at once.
text: He kills two of them -- but a GRINNING SOLDIER pins his blade,
text: disarms him. Zorro backs away from him, onto the ore lift platform.
text: The Grinning Soldier pursues him onto the lift, backed by a SECOND
speaker_heading: SOLDIER --
text: Suddenly Zorro shoves the ore car off the lift with his leg, rolling
text: off himself in the opposite direction.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 109
text: The Soldier's grin fades -- as the platform shoots up into the air,
text: taking the Soldier with it. Zorro scoops up his blade, parries a
text: thrust from the Second Soldier. Zorro shoves him back --
text: -- directly beneath the counterweight of the ore lift as it plummets
text: down; the soldier is crushed. Zorro turns away as behind him, with
text: a scream and a THUD, the Grinning Soldier drops down to the ground,
text: fallen from above.
text: Zorro climbs the scaffolding, leaps off, knocking a soldier down.
dialog: Punches him --
text: But another soldier sneaks toward Zorro, coming at him from behind,
dialog: bayonet raised --
text: The little GIRL sees him. She breaks away from the others.
text: Bravely climbs a ladder, onto a platform. Kicks the ladder over.
dialog: The ladder falls --
text: -- and collars the attacking Soldier around the neck. Zorro grabs
text: the ladder, and helps the Soldier along -- into another Soldier.
text: They run each other through.
text: Zorro looks up at the Girl, who meets his gaze bravely. He takes
text: off his MEDALLION, slips it over her head.
speaker_heading: ZORRO
dialog: Thank you, Sefiorita.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Are we going to die?
speaker_heading: ZORRO
dialog: No. No one is going to die.
text: Zorro hands her down to others who climb out of the canyon. He
text: spins back to the fight, guarding the escape rout as the last of the
text: slaves climb to safety.
text: A Soldier glances at a huge smelting hopper filled with hot embers,
text: gets an idea. He gestures to another Soldier.
text: They grab the edge of the hopper, slowly TILT IT OVER. It falls,
text: and glowing EMBERS wash toward Zorro --
text: Zorro sees the hot embers coming, dives out of the way, avoiding a
text: wild swipe at his head by another Soldier. Flailing, the Soldier
text: loses his balance, falls backwards into the burning embers,
text: SCREAMING.
text: A small rivulet of embers makes its way to the fallen fuse roll.
text: The FUSE FLARES -- then IGNITES.
text: Soldiers flee. Zorro climbs the scaffolding ore-life structure,
dialog: racing to safety --
dialog: 103.
scene_heading: +A MASSIVE EXPLOSION. A LANDSLIDE; the entrance to the tunnel 110
text: is buried. The mining scaffolding crumbles, a good half of it
text: slamming to the ground.
text: +Zorro clings to a rope, hanging in mid-air. He looks over: 141
text: The only person still on the scaffolding is Fray Felipe -- anda
text: FINAL SOLDIER, battling him. Felipe wards off sword thrusts with a
text: piece of wood.
text: Zorro pushes off, swings across to a platform near Felipe. The
text: Final Soldier sees Zorro, turns away from Felipe.
speaker_heading: ZORRO
dialog: (to Felipe)
dialog: Get to safety! Go!
text: Zorro guards the way as Felipe climbs to safety.
text: Zorro and the last soldier duel, FLAMES licking at the scaffolding
text: below, parts of it crumbling beneath them as they fight. Zorro
text: dispatches him quickly; he plummets to his death.
speaker_heading: +OMIT 112
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAINS - CANYON - GOLD STRIKE - MORNING 113
text: Felipe reaches a high ledge, helped up by other freed slaves. He
text: looks down into the canyon, at the duel below, crosses himself, says
dialog: a silent prayer --
scene_heading: EXT. DRY RIVERBED - MORNING 114
text: The mining scaffolding is consumed by blazing flames. Zorro races
text: along a platform, leaps into space, just as the entire structure
text: crashes to the ground.
text: Zorro clings to the side of the canyon beneath an overhang. He digs
text: his knife into the dirt wall for better purchase, but it's clear he
dialog: can't hang on long.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAINS - CANYON - GOLD STRIKE - MORNING 115
text: The Girl raises an arm, points:
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Look!
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAINS - CANYON - GOLD STRIKE - MORNING 116
text: Tornado appears on the ledge above Zorro. Throws his head forward;
text: his reins drop down, within Zorro's reach. Zorro grabs them --
text: Tornado backs away, pulling Zorro to safety.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAINS - LEDGE - MORNING 117
text: A CHEER rings out from the onlookers. Felipe shakes his head in
text: disbelief, grinning like a fool.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 117
speaker_heading: FELIPE
dialog: Now that's a horse!
scene_heading: INT./EXT. ESTATE - COURTYARD - MORNING 118
text: The house has that early-morning empty feel. Elena moves into the
text: courtyard, past the huge oak table --
text: Diego steps out from the shadows of an archway, faces her.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Bernardo -- what are you doing here?
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: I've come to warn you. You must
dialog: convince Montero to leave, now.
text: Immediately. He must go back to
dialog: Spain. And take you with him.
text: Elena is taken aback. She looks for some semblance of reason.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Is Don Alejandro with you?
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: (ignores her)
dialog: Montero's building this country of
text: his on the backs of slaves and stolen
text: gold. He is trying to cheat Santa
dialog: Anna. And Santa Anna will react
dialog: violently.
dialog: (steps forward)
dialog: You must be safely away before then.
scene_heading: INT. ESTATE - HALLWAY - MORNING 119
text: Two soldiers trail Montero -- the POX-SCARRED one and a PRIVATE.
speaker_heading: [MONTERO
dialog: General Santa Anna will be arriving
dialog: from the beach at any moment. When
dialog: Captain Love returns, send him to me
dialog: immediately --]
text: He nears the courtyard --
text: -- and sees Diego with Elena. He pulls up short, back against the
text: wall. Gestures 'quiet' to the two soldiers.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. ESTATE - COURTYARD - MORNING 120
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: I don't believe you. It can't be
dialog: true.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 120
text: Diego throws the oilskin pouch on the table in frustration.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: Dammit, there's no time!
dialog: (grabs her shoulders)
dialog: You have to tell Montero. You have
dialog: to get out!
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Why? Why do you want me to do this?
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: Because he'll listen to you. Because
dialog: He has no choice. He must say it.
speaker_heading: DIEGO (CONT'D)
dialog: Because you're his daughter.
text: Elena stares at him.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: An excellent question.
text: The soldiers flank Montero, guns on Diego.
speaker_heading: MONTERO (CONT'D)
dialog: Take your hands off her.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: (steps away from Elena)
dialog: I'm unarmed.
text: Montero sees the oilskin pouch on the table.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: Where did that come from?
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: From me.
text: Montero studies him. And then -- he knows. He blanches.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: My God. De la Vega.
dialog: (seething)
dialog: Damn you! How did you survive?
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Diego de la Vega?
text: That surprises both Diego and Montero.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 120
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: How do you know that name?
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: I -- a woman in town told me --
dialog: (flat)
dialog: She said he was my father.
text: The two men stare at her. Montero finally finds his voice.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
text: Ridiculous. He must have paid her to
dialog: tell you lies.
dialog: (to Diego)
dialog: Is that why you came here? For
dialog: revenge?
text: Diego shakes his head slowly.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: There's a proverb. When you seek
dialog: revenge, dig two graves. One for
dialog: your enemy. One for yourself.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: If that's so ... you did twice as
dialog: much work as you had to.
dialog: (to the soldiers)
dialog: Lock him up in the stables. Keep him
dialog: under guard. And be careful!
text: The soldiers grab Diego roughly. Haul him from the courtyard.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: Montero! Get out now! I'm warning
dialog: you --
text: Pox-Scarred Soldier punches him in the kidneys, shutting him up.
text: Elena flinches at the blow.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - MORNING 120A
text: Don Luiz and Hector, flanked by soldiers, look out to sea.
text: Longboats are coming in. In the lead boat is an amazing sight: A
text: HORSE stands in the prow, a RIDER astride it: GENERAL SANTA ANNA.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: He only has one leg, you know. He
text: lost the other to cannon fire.
dialog: (a smirk)
text: French cannon fire.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 120A
speaker_heading: DON LUIZ
dialog: Santa Anna is shrewd, and brutal. We
dialog: learned that twenty years ago. I
dialog: much prefer him as an ally than
dialog: enemy.
text: The longboat hits the beach. Santa Anna's horse leaps to shore.
text: Other boats are landing; they are chockfull of Santa Anna's honor
text: guard, in bright crimson uniforms.
text: Don Luiz steps out to meet Santa Anna.
speaker_heading: DON LUIZ
dialog: General Santa Anna. Welcome to
dialog: California. I'm Don Luiz Fuentes y
dialog: Silva, the alcalde --
speaker_heading: [SANTA ANNA
dialog: There's not long before the tide
dialog: turns.]
speaker_heading: DON LUIZ
text: Of course. Don Montero is waiting
dialog: for you.
text: He moves to his horse --
scene_heading: EXT. ESTATE - GROUNDS - MORNING 121
text: Outside the courtyard is a wagon filled with strong boxes. Pox
text: shoves Diego past, the Private trailing. Diego stumbles, cries out
text: in pain. The soldiers bunch up behind him.
speaker_heading: POX
dialog: (disgusted)
dialog: "Be careful,' he says. Of what, old
dialog: man? If you're so dangerous, how
dialog: come you got captured?
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: I needed a sword.
text: Diego grabs the hilt of Pox's sword -- and swings the scabbard up
text: between the Private's legs, doubling him over.
text: Pox yanks away from Diego. Moves to draw his sword --
text: Diego simply CATCHES POX'S ELBOW, and SHOVES IT BACK, re-sheathing
text: the sword. Pox tries to draw again, and Diego repeats the trick.
text: Smiles.
text: Pox lets go of his sword and just swings a roundhouse at Diego.
dialog: Diego ducks the punch --
text: -- and draws Pox's sword. Pox finds the point at his throat.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 121
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: This one will do.
text: He steps forward quickly, clocks Pox with the pommel. He yanks the
text: second soldier to his feet. Sword at his back, he shoves the
text: soldier toward the house.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. ESTATE - COURTYARD - MORNING 122
text: Montero checks to make sure the map is still in the pouch.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Why would he want revenge on you?
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: Because he hates me. Because
dialog: because Esperanza chose me over him.
dialog: He's never forgotten it.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: My mother lived here in California?
dialog: You told me --
text: Montero spins on her. She steps back, startled.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: Elena -- enough. We will finish this
dialog: discussion later.
text: He takes her elbow, escorts her toward the stairs.
speaker_heading: MONTERO (CONT'D)
dialog: I think it best if you retire to your
dialog: room. Stay there until my business
text: is concluded.
text: The Private appears in the archway.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: What are you doing here?
text: The private walks stiffly to the table, near the pouch.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: I ordered you to the stables!
text: Diego, hidden behind the Private, slams the Private's head down on
text: the table. The Private slumps to the floor.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: He didn't make it.
text: He takes the pouch, heads for the door. Montero cuts him off.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: You're not going anywhere.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 122
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: I'm going to deliver this to Santa
dialog: Anna, and see if I can prevent the
dialog: consequences of your actions. Once
dialog: he sees the mine for himself --
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: (he draws his sword)
dialog: No.
text: Diego considers -- then slips the pouch into his belt.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: This time I'm armed.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: No matter.
text: He attacks. They engage, begin to feel each other out. Despite
text: their ages, and despite Diego's bad leg, their blades are lightning
dialog: quick.
text: The duel moves toward Elena. She scrambles toward the Private,
text: draws his sword -- and then his pistol as well.
text: Montero slips; Diego has an opening. He advances, SLASHES --
text: Another sword -- not Montero's -- STOPS Diego's blade inches from
text: Montero's throat. Diego whirls, responds to the new threat. A
text: quick exchange of thrusts and parries --
text: Diego freezes. He is fighting ELENA. Diego is incredulous.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Stop. Both of you --
text: And then Montero attacks. Diego jumps aside, barely avoiding a
text: deadly thrust. Montero slashes at him, then suddenly stops.
text: Smiles, looking over Diego's shoulder.
text: Captain Love strides into the courtyard. Without hesitation, he
text: draws his pistol, aims at Diego --
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: No!
text: Elena leaps in front of Diego --
dialog: ?-- Diego and Montero see what's coming --
dialog: ?-- Love pulls the trigger --
text: The pistol MISFIRES. Montero and Diego realize how near a thing it
text: was -- a near-repeat of Esperanza's death, twenty years earlier.
text: Love just shrugs.
speaker_heading: LOVE
dialog: Hangfire. Lucky.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 122
text: Love drops the pistol, draws his sword -- and attacks Diego. Diego
text: must now defend himself against both men. He moves to the stairs,
text: keeping one opponent in front of the other.
speaker_heading: LOVE
dialog: Excellent. The narrow space prevents
dialog: us from engaging you at the same
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: LOVE
dialog: One problem.
text: He indicates 'behind you.' Diego glances back. The stairs end,
text: opening into the larger gallery. Love drives Diego back, into the
dialog: gallery.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - MORNING 122A
text: Santa Anna and his escort thunder toward the estate.
scene_heading: INT. ESTATE - GALLERY - MORNING 123
text: Love and Montero spread out and attack. Diego defends himself well,
text: but both opponents score hits. Blood seeps from his wounds. Love
text: is delighted.
speaker_heading: LOVE
dialog: You're the most extraordinary
dialog: swordsman I've ever seen! If it
dialog: weren't for your leg, I think you
dialog: could actually beat us both.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: That's because he's Zorro, you idiot.
speaker_heading: LOVE
dialog: No, he's not.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: Yes he is!
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO (0.S.)
dialog: No. He's not.
text: Alejandro stands at the edge of the stairs.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm Zorro.
text: And he looks it, even in torn black clothes. Love sneers -- and
dialog: attacks.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 111.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 123
text: Now all four expert swordsmen battle, their blades clashing and
text: echoing in the halls. Elena steps onto the landing. She still
text: holds the sword and pistol.
speaker_heading: ZORRO
dialog: I offer you mercy, Love. Lay down
dialog: your sword.
speaker_heading: LOVE
dialog: A coward's offer. Just what I'd
text: expect from a man who hides behind a
dialog: mask.
text: He slashes Zorro's arm. Zorro examines the cut: it is an 'L'.
speaker_heading: LOVE
dialog: You aren't the only one who knows the
dialog: alphabet.
text: Their duel resumes. Zorro SLASHES Love's cheek. Another SLASH,
text: angling off the first. And then a third, making a 'Z'. Love
text: ignores the blood. And then ZORRO makes a FOURTH CUT.
text: Love slaps his hand to his cheek. Looks at the palm of his glove.
text: On it is the BLOOD IMPRINT of an 'M'. Love looks up at Zorro.
dialog: 
text: Alejandro strips off his mask.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: Murietta. Joaquin was my brother.
text: Elena is shocked.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Alejandro
speaker_heading: LOVE
dialog: I grant you one thing, Murietta.
dialog: You're slightly harder to kill than
dialog: he was.
text: Love attacks. He locks Alejandro's blade with his, corps a corps.
text: He slashes his gauntlet across Alejandro's eyes. Alejandro
text: staggers, fighting blind. Love slashes his leg --
text: Alejandro goes down to one knee. Love steps on his blade.
text: Alejandro looks up. Love smiles, prepares the killing blow --
text: Alejandro slams his fist down on Love's foot. With a yelp, Love
text: takes his weight off the foot -- and Alejandro yanks his other leg
text: out from under him. Love tumbles down the stairs.
text: Diego disarms Montero. He holds Montero at sword's point. Diego's
text: arm is tense, trembling
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 112.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 123
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Please -- don't
text: Diego hesitates. Elena steps close to Montero. Montero grabs her
text: around the neck, grabs her pistol, puts it to her head. Elena
text: gasps in shock. Diego steps forward --
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: Drop your sword.
text: No hesitation -- Diego does it. His sword clatters to the floor.
text: Elena stares at him. Montero sneers.
speaker_heading: MONTERO.
dialog: You fool -- I wouldn't have hurt her.
text: Diego looks from him to Elena. His eyes say it all -- a father's
dialog: love for his daughter.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: I couldn't take that chance.
text: Elena's eyes widen. She knows in her heart who her true father is.
text: Montero turns the pistol toward Diego, cocks it --
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: No!
text: She shoves Montero's arm as he FIRES --
text: ?-- the bullet HITS Diego in the arm, spins him to the floor.
text: Montero twists Elena around, glares into her eyes -- shoves her
text: down. He strides toward Diego, picks up his fallen sword.
speaker_heading: MONTERO
dialog: You'll die by the sword after all.
text: Alejandro's eyes clear. He sees:
text: ?Montero -- aiming the sword's point at Diego's heart --
text: Alejandro flashes across the room, his sword SLASHING down. He cuts
text: deep into Montero's arm. Montero's sword flies away. Alejandro
text: shoves him back against the gallery railing.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: (a warning shout)
dialog: Alejandro --
text: Love runs at Alejandro. He spins, parries Love's sword --
text: -- Love's momentum drives the thrust into Montero. Montero's eyes
text: go wide. Love CRASHES into Alejandro, who SLAMS into Montero --
text: Both Alejandro and Montero break through the gallery rail.
text: Montero's body falls, THUDS onto the table below.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 113.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 123
text: Elena gasps. Stares down in horror --
text: Montero lies in the center of the table. Alone.
text: Alejandro hangs from the edge of the gallery. He hauls himself up,
text: so he's lying half-on, half-off the floor. Love steps on his back,
text: driving out his breath.
text: Love raises his sword above his head, targets Alejandro's neck --
text: ?From behind him comes a SCREAM -- ELENA'S SCREAM.
dialog: ?Love turns --
text: Elena swings a saber at him two-handed. The blade's edge chops hard
text: across Love's neck, axing in edge first. It sticks, imbedded in his
text: throat. He falls backwards --
text: -- and down, face-down toward the floor between TWO CHAIRS, the
text: sword still wedged into his throat --
text: The sword hilt impacts on the arm of one chair.
text: ?The tip of the blade imbeds on the arm of the other.
text: Love's BODY hits the floor. Followed by his HEAD. Severed in the
text: fall, eyes staring into the hereafter.
text: ?The SWORD remains bridged between the two chairs.
text: IN THE GALLERY -- Elena flinches at the sight. But she still
text: reaches down to help Alejandro up. He gathers her in his arms.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. ESTATE - COURTYARD - DAY 124
text: The huge oak doors swing open. SANTA ANNA and DON LUIZ stand in the
text: doorway. Behind them are a number of dons, Santa Anna's honor guard
text: and several of Love's Dragoons.
text: Santa Anna and Luiz take in the courtyard: two bodies, one
text: Montero's, the other headless.
speaker_heading: SANTA ANNA
dialog: Alcalde ... there's an explanation
dialog: for this?
speaker_heading: DON LUIZ
dialog: I, uh
text: Diego leans on Alejandro as they descend the staircase. Elena
text: follows, arms wrapped around herself. Don Luiz spots them.
speaker_heading: DON LUIZ (CONT'D)
dialog: There! They assassinated Don
dialog: Montero! Arrest them!
speaker_heading: SANTA ANNA
dialog: Arrest? No wonder California is
dialog: lawless.
dialog: (to his guards)
dialog: Execute them!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 114.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 124
text: His Honor Guardsmen raise their rifles.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: Maybe you should see this.
text: Alejandro takes the pouch from Diego's belt, slides it to Santa
dialog: Anna.
text: Don Luiz sees the pouch, moves to take it. Santa Anna slaps his
text: hand down on the pouch. Picks it up. Slips on a pair of half-
text: glasses from his jacket. Examines the map.
speaker_heading: ALEJANDRO
dialog: They discovered gold. That map --
speaker_heading: SANTA ANNA
dialog: Did you know about this, Don Luiz?
speaker_heading: DON LUIZ
dialog: Um ... no, of course not --
speaker_heading: SANTA ANNA
dialog: (turns to the dons)
dialog: And the rest of you? Did you all
dialog: know?
text: Santa Anna doesn't even wait for an answer. He slips off his
text: glasses, turns to leave.
speaker_heading: SANTA ANNA (CONT'D)
dialog: Execute them all.
text: His guards immediately target the Dragoons and the dons.
speaker_heading: DON LUIZ
dialog: No! I am the alcalde here --
text: Santa Anna snatches the alcalde's cane from Don Luiz and clubs him
text: with it. Don Luiz crumples to the floor. Santa Anna slams the cane
text: on the table. Suddenly he is the Santa Anna who ordered prisoners
text: butchered at Goliad.
speaker_heading: SANTA ANNA
dialog: This entire area is under martial
dialog: law. Hunt down and execute all
dialog: insurrectionists and traitors --
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: General Santa Anna.
dialog: (Santa Anna looks at him)
dialog: I am Diego de la Vega.
text: Several of the dons recognize the name -- as does Santa Anna.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 115.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 124
speaker_heading: SANTA ANNA
dialog: De la Vega. I remember -- you
dialog: supported us in the war against
dialog: Spain. You're supposed to be dead.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: In honor of our past association,
dialog: long ago ... I would like to request
dialog: leniency for this pueblo. It would
dialog: go hard on the people if you mete out
dialog: this harsh justice.
text: Santa Anna's eyes flare. His voice is grim.
speaker_heading: SANTA ANNA
dialog: I understand your concern for the
dialog: people. But what of these men? They
dialog: tried to take what is mine. Why
dialog: should I be lenient?
text: Diego limps to the wagon, just outside the archway.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: Because you can afford to be.
dialog: Because it is yours ... your country.
text: He opens one of the strong boxes. The gold inside GLEAMS.
speaker_heading: DIEGO (CONT'D)
dialog: Your gold.
text: Santa Anna lifts an eyebrow. A smile spreads across his face.
text: Then he LAUGHS, his white teeth gleaming.
speaker_heading: SANTA ANNA
dialog: (to his guards)
dialog: Load it aboard the ship.
dialog: (to Diego)
dialog: The people here own their lives to
dialog: you, de la Vega.
text: He turns to leave. Pauses. Turns back -- and tosses the alcalde's
text: cane to Diego. Diego catches it, surprised.
speaker_heading: SANTA ANNA (CONT'D)
dialog: I trust, as alcalde, you will inform
dialog: me of any further discoveries
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: You'll be the first to know.
text: Santa Anna nods. Leaves. His men withdraw. The wagon rolls away.
text: The dons gaze at each other. Begin to drift out of the room.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 116.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 124
text: Diego sighs heavily. He glances around, spots Elena outside.
scene_heading: EXT. ESTATE - COURTYARD STEPS - DAY 125
text: Elena sits with her head down, eyes closed -- praying. Alejandro
text: sits beside her. He puts his hand gently on hers. She turns her
text: hand over, intertwines her fingers with his.
text: Diego sits down beside her heavily. She looks over at him.
text: Reaches out to examine the bullet wound in his arm.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: You should have that taken care of
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: Elena -- my daughter --
text: Diego reaches for her hand. She snatches it away.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Don't!
dialog: (softer)
dialog: Don't. I don't know you. The man
dialog: who was my father is dead.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: You're a stranger to me.
text: The words sting Diego ... but he knows they are true.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: Is there ... anything I can do
dialog: to change that?
text: Elena regards him. Tears a strip of cloth from the hem of her
text: dress, begins to bandage his arm.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Tell me your story.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Tell me about my mother ... and you.
dialog: And Zorro.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: I want to hear your story.
text: Diego looks up at her gratefully.
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: That is all I ever asked.
text: Diego takes a breath. Elena and Alejandro listen as he tells her
dialog: the story he began when she was two years old, the story he never
text: finished. The legend of Zorro. The circle is complete.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 117.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 125
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: It began twenty years ago. Mexico's
dialog: long war for independence was won.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CALIFORNIA COUNTRYSIDE - NIGHT 126
text: Open land, a full moon -- and Zorro galloping toward us. MOTION
text: SLOWS as he nears, to STILL FRAME, a beautiful portrait.
speaker_heading: DIEGO (0.S.)
dialog: The last Viceroy of Alta California
dialog: had been recalled to Spain.
dialog: Realizing his days of power were at
dialog: an end, he ordered all prisoners
dialog: executed
text: MOVE IN on Alejandro's face --
speaker_heading: DIEGO (0.S.)
dialog: The spirit of justice demanded a
dialog: champion...
text: -- and his eyes behind the mask -- ZORRO'S EYES. Dark and watchful,
text: and full of hope.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
