dialog: 
dialog: Jeffrey Boam's "The Lost Boys"
scene_heading: FOR EDUCATIONAL USE ONLY
scene_heading: "LOST BOYS"
dialog: by
dialog: Jeffrey Boam
speaker_heading: REVISED DRAFT
scene_heading: "LOST BOYS"
scene_heading: 1 EXT. THE OCEAN - NIGHT 1
text: CAMERA SKIMMING along the top of the water. Moonlight on
text: the surf. Racing toward the beach where large bonfires
text: burn. TITLES AND TITLE SONG.
text: CAMERA FLIES THROUGH FLAMES revealing:
scene_heading: 2 THE SANTA CARLA BOARDWALK 2
dialog: This is the place where it's all happening on warm summer
text: nights. MUSIC and NOISE. Arcades. Thrill rides. A
text: brightly-lit Ferris wheel turning against a jet black sky.
scene_heading: 3 INT. CAROUSEL 3
text: Spinning merrily. Loud CALLIOPE MUSIC. Young kids and
text: teenagers occupy the horses and benches. A tough group
text: of "SURF NAZIS" also ride. "My Beach, My Wave" on their
text: T-shirts.
text: The LOST BOYS enter the carousel house. Cool kids in dis-
text: tinctive dress. Compelling; not threatening. They are
text: DAVID, MARKO, PAUL, DWAYNE; David the obvious leader.
text: GREG, the head Surf Nazi, sits in one of the carousel's
text: benches with his arm around his girl, SHELLY. He thinks
dialog: he's King of the Boardwalk.. And doesn't like it one bit
text: when Shelly casts an appreciative glance toward David.
text: David smiles back at her. Not flirting, just being chi-
text: valrous. Greg scowls and takes his anger out on Paul by
text: tripping him as he goes by. An insult... a shove. David
text: joins Paul. Surf Nazis join Greg. The Lost Boys close
text: ranks. A major melee seems ready to erupt, when the ugly
text: end of a nightstick is shoved against his Adam's apple.
text: A three hundred pound security GUARD is at the other end.
text: The ride suddenly ends. CALLIOPE MUSIC STOPS.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: I told you to stay off the
text: boardwalk.
text: For an endless moment David's and the Guard's eyes lock
text: in mortal combat. Neither one willing to give ground.
text: Then David smiles.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Come on, let's pull.
text: The Lost Boys begin to leave as the Guard turns to Greg
dialog: and the Surf Nazis.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: You too, off the boardwalk. And
dialog: don't come back!
text: Greg and the Surf Nazis grumble and leave. There is
text: bad blood between them and the Lost Boys, but both groups
dialog: hate the Security Guard more.
scene_heading: EXT. BOARDWALK - NIGHT (AERIAL SHOT)
text: CAMERA TRAVELS through the empty amusement park as the
text: lights go off systematically. CAMERA CONTINUES past the
dialog: rides to reveal:
scene_heading: 4 LARGE, EMPTY PARKING LOT 4
text: The Security Guard approaches his lone car carrying his
text: lunch pail. Deadly quiet.
speaker_heading: VAMPIRE POV SHOT
text: Zooming down on the Guard. A rush of air. High-pitched
scene_heading: SCREECHING. WHISPERING VOICES.
speaker_heading: THE GUARD
text: looks up -- reacts for a split second -- and then he's
text: gone -- pulled UPWARD OUT OF FRAME so fast, he's just a
text: blur. Only his lunch box -- bouncing on the pavement
dialog: -- remains behind.
scene_heading: 5 SHOTS OF GROTESQUE CARNIVAL IMAGES ON THE BOARDWALK 5
text: Clown faces bobbing. Dark images in the carousel.
scene_heading: 6 EXT. DESERTED BEACH - NIGHT 6
text: WAVES LAP against the beach. Lonely and deserted. No
text: one around for miles.
text: All is quiet and still, until... WHOOSH! THUD!
scene_heading: THE GUARD'S BODY
text: falls from the sky and lands in the wet sand directly IN
scene_heading: FRONT OF CAMERA.
text: Horrible and bloodless. Sucked dry, like a deflated
text: balloon. CAMERA PULLS UP, UP, UP until the coastline is
text: visible to us. And NIGHT DISSOLVES INTO DAY.
scene_heading: 7 EXT. PACIFIC COAST - MORNING 7
text: Helicopter shots of the COASTLINE and HIGHWAY 17 approach-
dialog: ing Santa Clara: ocean, agriculture, etc. CAMERA FINDS
text: a beat up LAND ROVER pulling a U-HAUL TRAILER.
scene_heading: 8 INT. ROVER 8
text: LUCY ANDERSON drives -- late thirties, sexy, warm, com-
dialog: fortable with herself -- a bit of a free spirit. SAM,
dialog: 11, a victim of too many afternoons in shopping malls
text: watching Bratpack movies, sits next to her in his trendy
text: duds, suffering the foreign coastline with his large
text: Malamute dog NANOOK.
text: MICHAEL, in his late teens, slumps in the back seat. He
text: is a loner, an independent and not enjoying the ride.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: We're getting close...
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: What's that smell?
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: (filling lungs)
dialog: Ocean air!
speaker_heading: SAM
text: Smells like something died.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Guys, I know it hasn't been easy...
dialog: the divorce and now the move... but
dialog: I think you're really going to like
dialog: living in Santa Carla...
text: No reply. Her sons look unconvinced.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: How 'bout some music.
text: She turns on the radio to COUNTRY AND WESTERN.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Keep going.
text: She next finds an EASY LISTENING station.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Keep going.
text: She next finds Donovan singing "Mellow Yellow."
speaker_heading: SAM/MICHAEL
dialog: Keep going.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Wait. Haight-Ashbury! The summer
dialog: of love! 'Mellow Yellow.'
speaker_heading: SAM/MICHAEL
dialog: Keep going!
text: They all laugh as Lucy turns the dial to a CURRENT ROCK
text: HIT and the boys relax.
scene_heading: THEIR POV - LARGE BILLBOARD
dialog: Showing Boardwalk, Pier, etc. Reads: "Welcome to Santa
dialog: Carla."
text: As they pass, only Michael notices what has been spray
text: painted on the back of the sign: "MURDER CAPITAL OF THE
dialog: WORLD."
scene_heading: MUSIC CONTINUES over:
scene_heading: 9 EXT. SANTA CARLA - MORNING 9
dialog: ESTABLISH Summer/Fun atmos -- Bikinis, Surfers, Bikers,
dialog: Colorful Locals, etc.
text: HIGH SHOT soaks in boardwalk and surrounding area as
text: CAMERA MOVES DOWNWARD finding Sam and Nonook in the crowd
dialog: running to:
scene_heading: 10 EXT. GAS STATION/SURF RENTAL/TRAMPOULINE RIDE 10
text: In the center of the action. Lucy pumps gas into the
text: Rover as Sam runs up to her.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Mom, there's an amusement park
dialog: right on the beach!
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: That's the boardwalk, Sam.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Can we go now, huh?
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Maybe later. Grandpa's expecting
dialog: us.
text: Lucy is disturbed as she notices TWO RUNAWAY TEENAGERS
text: RUMMAGING through a nearby garbage bin for something to
text: eat. She and Sam are distracted however as they see
text: Michael rolling his HONDA MOTOR BIKE from out of the
dialog: U-Haul.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I need to stretch my legs. I'll
dialog: follow you.
text: The Attendant gives Lucy five dollars in change. She
text: hands it to Sam, indicating the Two Runaways.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Tell them to get something to eat.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I thought we were poor.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Not that poor.
text: Sam runs off as Michael starts his prize possession.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Still mad at me?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: For what.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: For everything.
text: Michael can't deal with this and just roars his engine.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: If you want to check it out and
dialog: meet us later it's okay.
text: Sam returns, having heard this.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: What!? He can and I can't?! No
dialog: fair!!
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: That's okay, Mom. I can see it
dialog: later. I'll help you unload.
text: Lucy seems pleasantly surprised by Michael's display of
text: responsibility. She and Sam get in the Rover as the
text: Runaways shout to them.
speaker_heading: RUNAWAY
dialog: Hey, thanks, lady.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: (to Runaways)
dialog: Use some of it to call home.
dialog: (to Sam as they
dialog: pull out)
dialog: Those kids look like me twenty
dialog: years ago.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: When you ran away from home, hitch-
dialog: hiked to Berkeley, spent the night
dialog: in Golden Gate Park and begged for
dialog: spare change in the morning?
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: You've heard this story before?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: So many times, I'm starting to
dialog: think it happened to me.
scene_heading: 11 EXT. GRANDPA'S HOUSE - DAY 11
text: A long winding road leads to the old lodge-like funky
text: house. The Land Rover pulls up followed by Michael on
text: his motorbike.
text: GRANDPA, a rugged individualist wearing old denims,
text: Indian moccasins, long grey braid down his back, is a
text: lifeless form on the front porch. Lucy and sons approach.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
text: He looks dead.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: He's just a deep sleeper.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: He's not breathing, Mom.
text: Lucy becomes concerned as she feels his head.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: If he's dead can we move back to
dialog: Phoenix?
text: Before Lucy and Michael can belt Sam, Grandpa opens his
text: mischievous eyes.
speaker_heading: GRANDPA
dialog: Playin' dead... and from what I
dialog: heard, doin; a damn good job of
dialog: it, too.
text: Michael and Sam exchange weird looks as Lucy hugs her
dialog: father.
scene_heading: 12 INT. GRANDPA'S LIVING ROOM - DAY 12
text: Large, lodge-like; funky leather furniture and Indian
text: blankets. Michael carries in his BARBELLS while Sam
text: struggles with his MAMMOTH COLLECTION OF COMIC BOOKS.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: This is kind of a cool place.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (deadpan)
dialog: I'm so excited I just can't hide
dialog: it. I'm about to lode control and
dialog: I think I like it.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Will you give Mom a break?
text: Sam follows Michael into the...
speaker_heading: 13 KITCHEN 13
text: As Michael, about to put his barbells down on back porch,
text: pumps a few times for good measure.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Grandpa does not own a T.V. Have
dialog: you noticed? There's no T.V.
dialog: Santa Carla has no malls, no
dialog: Cineplexes and now I won't even
dialog: have MTV. I will not know anything
dialog: hip happening anymore.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Hey, Sam, we're flat broke.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Even poor people have T.V.s
scene_heading: 14 EXT. GRANDPA'S HOUSE 14
text: Nanook dashes about discovering nature, while Grandpa
text: helps Lucy unload the U-Haul.
speaker_heading: GRANDPA
dialog: Lucy, you're the only woman I ever
dialog: knew didn't improve her situation
dialog: by getting divorced.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: A big legal war wasn't going to
dialog: improve anybody's situation. We've
dialog: all been through enough. Besides
dialog: I was raised better than that.
dialog: Thanks for having us, Dad.
text: She hugs him, accidentally pulling on his braid.
speaker_heading: GRANDPA
dialog: Ouch, my hair...
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: When I dressed like you do now,
dialog: you threw me out of the house.
dialog: I used to hate your short hair
dialog: and your uptight suits... then I
dialog: went ahead and married one... I
dialog: went Yuppie and you became a
dialog: hippie... Were still out of synch.
scene_heading: 15 INT. AN UPSTAIRS BEDROOM 15
text: Sam is stacking his comic book collection on the shelves
text: when Michael enters.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: This room is mine.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I was here first.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Okay. I'll flip you for it.
text: Sam can see it's his only chance.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Okay...
text: Michael smiles, grabs Sam suddenly and "flips" him upside
text: down. Michael is laughing, but his tone changes dramati-
text: cally when Sam reaches out, grabs hold of Michael's crotch
text: and squeezes hard. Michael drops Sam.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Owwww! You little shit!
text: Sam is out the door as Michael pursues.
scene_heading: 16 DOWN THE STAIRCASE THROUGH THE LIVING ROOM 16
text: Sam yells to Lucy, who is outside.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Help me, Mom. Help.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Soon.
text: Sam tears open a pair of old sliding doors and runs into:
speaker_heading: 17 THE OLD BAR 17
text: Stuffed animals of all kinds staring down at him: Squir-
dialog: rels, birds, cats, etc.
text: Also, boxes of eyes, pelts, hides, wooden animal forms.
dialog: In other words, all the equipment and accouterments of
text: a taxidermist.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
text: dashes in. Both boys stare in wonder.
text: The whole scene is very weird. Suddenly a voice from
dialog: behind.
speaker_heading: GRANDPA
dialog: Rules!
text: Both boys jump, Grandpa is behind them.
speaker_heading: GRANDPA
dialog: Got some rules around here.
scene_heading: 18 INT. KITCHEN 18
text: Grandpa opens the refrigerator revealing a shelf with a
text: cardboard flap on it reading: "Old Fart."
speaker_heading: GRANDPA
dialog: Second shelf is mine... keep my
dialog: root beers and double-thick Mint
dialog: Oreo cookies there... Nobody
text: touches the second shelf...
text: Grandpa closes the door as Michael notices something out
text: the window, as they follow Grandpa back towards the
text: living room. Michael points to a small marijuana crop
text: growing outside. Sam is puzzled but Michael make a
dialog: "smoking a joint" gesture.
scene_heading: 19 LIVING ROOM (CONTINUOUS) 19
text: They follow Grandpa.
speaker_heading: GRANDPA
dialog: When the mailman brings the T.V.
dialog: Guide on Wednesdays, sometimes
dialog: the corner of the address label
dialog: will curl up... You'll be tempted
dialog: to peel it off. Don't. You'll
dialog: end up rippin' the cover and I
dialog: don't like that...
text: He disappears into the Taxidermy.
speaker_heading: GRANDPA
dialog: ... And stay outta here.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You have a T.V.?
speaker_heading: GRANDPA
dialog: No, I just like to read the T.V.
dialog: Guide. Read the T.V. Guide, you
dialog: don't need a T.V...
scene_heading: 20 INT. THE KITCHEN - NIGHT 20
text: Michael, Sam and Lucy do the dinner dishes together. The
text: radio is playing. A HIT FROM THE SIXTIES comes on.
text: "Land Of A Thousand Dances." Lucy begins to move to the
text: music. Then she puts down her dish towel and starts to
dialog: dance.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: This is how we used to do it.
dialog: 'Pony Time.'
text: Lucy grabs Sam by the hand and pulls him away from the
text: sink. He copies her. In fact, he's even more wild.
text: Lucy and Sam are laughing and having a great time. Lucy
text: and Sam try to include Michael, but he's embarrassed.
scene_heading: 21 EXT. BEACH IN FRONT OF THE BOARDWALK- NIGHT 21
text: Michael and Sam walk across the beach, around the burning
text: bonfires. The beach is crowded. Greg and the Surf Nazis
text: hang out. It is all very strange and exciting to Sam and
text: Michael who make their way towards the lively boardwalk.
text: Sam fusses with his "mussed" hair and trendy clothes.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: You're beautiful.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Wanna change my hair, my clothes,
dialog: my face.
text: They go up the stairs near the bandstand. A LOUD ROCK
text: GROUP performs. The crows and action are exciting.
text: Michael and Sam make their way through the young people..
text: Michael suddenly sees:
speaker_heading: STAR
text: A heart-stopping young beauty. Different from anyone in
text: the crowd, listening to the music and even though she's
text: with LADDIE, 14, a sweet-faced but sad boy, she seems
text: alone. As the MUSIC BUILDS, she suddenly feels Michael's
text: gaze and their eyes meet. She is a person looking for a
text: friend. Michael smiles. Star wants to smile back, but
text: she can't, and reaching for Laddie, disappears through
text: the crowd. Michael grabs Sam and follows.
scene_heading: 22 EXT. SANTA CARLA PIER - NIGHT 22
text: In view of the boardwalk, but quite a distance away.
text: Lucy, in a soft summer skirt and blouse walks on the busy
dialog: pier; restaurants, souvenir stores, boat rentals, etc.
text: A "brain dead" ex-hippie is preaching; ranting and raving.
text: Lucy falls in step for a moment with a TOURIST COUPLE
text: who are smiling over the ex-hippie.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: I think I dated that guy.
text: The couple chuckle and disappears in the crowd as Lucy
text: comes across a kiosk with dozens of local ads for apart-
text: ments for rent, fishing boats, seminars, and many flyers
text: with missing children. Being added to this is a xeroxed
text: flyer with a picture of the heavyset Security Guard we
text: saw killed. "MISSING" in large black type over his photo.
text: This is being placed there by his WIFE AND TWO CHILDREN.
text: Lucy passes the sad woman and their eyes meet for a
text: second. Lucy notices a "HELP WANTED" SIGN in a restau-
text: rant window. As she goes to inspect it however, she
text: suddenly becomes aware of a YOUNG BOY looking very lost
text: in the middle of the summer crowd.
speaker_heading: 23 POV OF LUCY 23
text: tending to the child.
text: This is through a store window looking out onto the pier
text: with the boardwalk in the distance. A BUZZER SOUNDS.
text: AND POV MOVES THROUGH THE DOORWAY OF A VIDEO STORE.
text: as the LOST BOYS enter aggressively.
text: These POV's belong to MAX, the tall good-looking friendly
text: owner of VIDEOMAX, a trendy video/souvenier store with
text: banks of TV MONITORS filled with rock and cartoon images.
text: Max is not happy with the appearance of the LOST BOYS
text: in his store, who seem only interested in causing trouble
text: and cruising the attractive YOUNG BLACK CASHIER. Max is
text: just about to deal with them, when the BUZZER SOUNDS
text: again, and Lucy enters with the child.
speaker_heading: LUCY
text: This boy seems to be lost.
text: David and the Lost Boys watch Lucy and the child. Max
text: is delighted to see Lucy in his store.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: I thought maybe his parents
dialog: might be in here?
text: Max is just about to help Lucy when a frantic YOUNG
text: MOTHER comes dashing into the store.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Terry... Oh, thank God... I was
dialog: so worried...
text: She grabs the child, effusively thanking Max and Lucy.
text: Max gallantly hands a lollipop to Terry as the mother
text: thanks them some more and leaves. Max hands Lucy a
text: lollipop next.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: No, thanks.
text: She smiles as the Lost Boys shuffle past heading for the
text: door. Max speaks to David.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I told you not to come in here anymore.
text: David smiles his smile and leaves with his guys. Max
text: sees Lucy watching him.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Wild kids.
text: Outside David and the guys get on their bitchin' bikes
text: and peel out.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Oh, they're just young. We were
dialog: that age, too, once. Only they
dialog: dress better.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: You've got a generous nature. I
dialog: like that in a person. My name is Max.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Lucy.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: So what can I help you find tonight,
dialog: Lucy? We've got it all. Best
dialog: selection in Santa Carla.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: I'm not looking for a tape. What I
dialog: need is --
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: -- a job.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Do I look that needy?
scene_heading: 24 EXT. BOARDWALK - NIGHT 24
text: Michael walks briskly past the rides through the crowds.
text: Sam has trouble keeping up as they turn down an alley.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Where are we going?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Nowhere.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Then what's the rush? You're
dialog: chasing that girl, why don't you
dialog: just admit it? I'm at the mercy
dialog: of your sex glands!
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Don't you have something better
dialog: to do than follow me around all
dialog: night?
text: Then, Sam realizes that he's standing directly in front
text: of a GREAT SECOND-HAND COMIC BOOK STORE.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: As a matter of fact, I do.
text: With that, Sam walks away from Michael. And Michael
text: continues his search alone.
scene_heading: 25 INT. COMIC BOOK STORE 25
text: Weirdness hangs in the air. Sam enters. It seems empty.
text: Sam begins to examine the treasure trove of comics when
text: he suddenly becomes aware of TWO TEENAGERS, EDGAR and
text: ALAN -- tough little dudes in fatigues with cold eyes --
text: victims of too many Chuck Norris movies. They are busy
text: stacking old comics on the racks from cardboard boxes.
text: They are the FROG BROTHERS.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You can't put the Superman D.C.
dialog: #3400 series with the #500's...
dialog: it's a different artist.
text: The Frogs just look death at him, but Alan notices
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: ALAN
dialog: (to Edgar)
dialog: He's right.
text: They begin to correct their mistake, as Sam speaks again.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: And these Archies should be over
dialog: here with the Richie Rich's.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Where the hell are you from,
dialog: Kryton???
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Phoenix actually and these
dialog: Bullwinkle and...
speaker_heading: ALAN
dialog: Just passing through Santa Carla?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: No, I'm a resident as of today
dialog: and you'll probably be seeing a
dialog: lot of me... I've been collecting
dialog: comic books all my life...
dialog: perhaps you'd like to see my
dialog: collection?
text: Alan looks to Edgar as Edgar pulls a comic from the shelf.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: If you're gonna live around here,
dialog: then here's one you don't wanna
dialog: be without.
text: He hands Sam a comic entitled Vampires Everywhere.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I don't like horror comics.
speaker_heading: ALAN
dialog: This one could save your life.
scene_heading: 26 EXT. THE BOARDWALK 26
text: Michael is on Star and Laddie's tail. He keeps pace
text: with her, walking a safe distance behind. She becomes
text: aware of him. She looks over her shoulder -- then
text: suddenly stops.
speaker_heading: STAR
dialog: Are you following me?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Well, I...
speaker_heading: STAR
dialog: Did you want to talk to me?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Well... yeah. Sure.
speaker_heading: STAR
dialog: Okay. Talk.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I just wanted to... I, uh...
text: Sam rushes up carrying his comic.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Mom's here.
text: Laddie notices the vampire comic.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Let's go.
speaker_heading: STAR
dialog: (very sweetly)
dialog: Nice talking to you.
text: She smiles and walks away.
scene_heading: 27 EXT. BOARDWALK ENTRANCE - MINUTES LATER 27
text: Michael argues with Lucy as Sam climbs into the Rover.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: It's early. Why do we have to
dialog: go home?
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Bring your own wheels tomorrow
dialog: night and you can stay as long
dialog: as you want... well 'til eleven
dialog: thirty maybe.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I'll hitch.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Oh, no, you won't.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Mom, you hitched all the way to
dialog: Berkeley once, remember?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Mom, just give me five more minutes.
dialog: Just five minutes, okay?
text: Lucy nods as Michael dashes off into the crowd.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: He met a girl.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: I guess no one cares what I got
dialog: a job.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Can we get a T.V.?
scene_heading: 28 EXT. ANOTHER PART OF THE BOARDWALK 28
text: Michael rounds the turn and stops short.
text: Star and Laddie are surrounded by the Lost Boys. Michael
text: feels upstaged. The Lost Boys look his way -- but there
text: is nothing threatening in their expressions.
text: They all have motorcycles. They climb on and GUN their
text: engines. Star climbs on behind David, putting her arms
text: around him.
text: They ROAR away. Michael is left standing alone. Star
text: smiles as she disappears into the night.
scene_heading: 29 EXT. BEACH IN FRONT OF BOARDWALK - EARLY MORNING 29
text: The bonfires from the previous night are smoldering in
text: the morning haze. Runaway kids sleep on the beach.
scene_heading: 30 EXT. GAS STATION/SURF RENTAL/TRAMPOULINE RIDE - 30
scene_heading: EARLY MORNING
text: Michael parks his bike, as he and Sam rent surf boards
dialog: and wet suits.
scene_heading: 31 EXT. BEACH 31
text: Michael carries his board under his arm as Sam drags his
dialog: behind.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Do I have to do this?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Come on, Sam, you know before
dialog: there were malls there was 'like
dialog: the ocean.'
scene_heading: 32 VARIOUS SHOTS 32
text: Michael leans to "master" the art of Surfing.
text: He's very athletic and it doesn't take him too long to
dialog: get the hang of it.
text: Sam is disaster, however, and settles for watching
text: Michael along with the huge Santa Carla Seals who seem-
text: ingly applaud Michael. Suddenly he is wiped out, however,
text: by Greg and the Surf Nazis who surf right past him.
speaker_heading: GREG
dialog: My beach, my wave, dude.
text: Michael wipes out as the Seals applaud.
scene_heading: 33 INT. THE VIDEO STORE - DUSK 33
text: Lucy's first day on the job. MARIA, the hot-looking black
text: cashier, shows Lucy the ropes.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: I'd be out on the street if it
dialog: wasn't for Max. Nobody would'a
dialog: given me a job the way I looked
dialog: when I walked in here.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: I haven't seen him all day.
speaker_heading: MARIA
text: He only comes in nights.
text: He's busy opening another
text: store in Los Gatos. Much
dialog: bigger than this one.
text: Lucy sees Michael and Sam drive up on Michael's Honda.
text: She goes out to meet them.
scene_heading: 34 EXT. VIDEO STORE 34
text: Sam leaps off the motorbike. Michael GUNS the engine.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: See you later.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: I get off in another twenty
dialog: minutes. I thought maybe we'd
text: all get a bite together.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I'll pass.
text: With that, Michael peels off.
scene_heading: 35 EXT. THE BOARDWALK - NIGHT 35
text: Michael is purchasing a BLACK JACKET from the PUNK STORE
text: on the boardwalk. He likes his reflection. It's the
text: kind of jacket the Lost Boys would wear. CAMERA TRAVELS
text: with him as he gets into his new attitude. He stops near
text: an EAR PIERCING CONCESSION and actually considers it.
speaker_heading: STAR (O.S.)
text: It's a rip-off.
text: Michael is floored to see Star standing behind him.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Hi...
speaker_heading: STAR
dialog: If you want your ear pierced,
dialog: I'll do it.
text: He follows her as they move along the busy Boardwalk.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: What's your name?
speaker_heading: STAR
dialog: Star.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Oh. Your folks, too, huh?
speaker_heading: STAR
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Ex-hippies. My mom was one. I
dialog: came this close to being called
dialog: Moon Child, or Moon Beam or
dialog: something.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But Star's great. I like Star.
speaker_heading: STAR
dialog: Me, too.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I'm Michael.
speaker_heading: STAR
dialog: Michael's great. I like Michael.
text: Michael smiles awkwardly at Star's playfulness. For a
text: moment they walk in silence.
speaker_heading: STAR
dialog: I guess you're new around here.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Sort of. We used to come here
dialog: summers when I was kid. Now
dialog: we're here on a permanent basis.
text: She seems pleased by that news. Michael gives her a look.
text: He can't believe his good fortune.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Are you hungry? Wanna get
dialog: something to eat?
speaker_heading: STAR
dialog: Okay.
scene_heading: 36 EXT. BOARDWALK PARKING AREA - NIGHT 36
text: As Michael and Star approach Michael's Honda, the Lost
text: Boys arrive on their motorcycles. Laddie sits behind
text: Paul. David is astride a THROBBING TRIUMPH. Michael
text: looks uneasy; out-classed and out-numbered.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: (to Star)
dialog: Where you going?
speaker_heading: STAR
dialog: For a ride.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: (glancing at Michael)
dialog: With him?
speaker_heading: STAR
dialog: Yeah.
text: David GUNS his engine, then lets it REV BACK DOWN.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: (to Michael)
dialog: I'm David.
dialog: (indicates the others)
dialog: Paul... Dwayne... Marko.
text: Laddie speaks up, having been passed over.
speaker_heading: LADDIE
dialog: Hi... I'm Laddie.
speaker_heading: STAR
dialog: This is Michael.
text: Silence. Nobody moves, but glances are exchanged all
dialog: around.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (to Star)
dialog: We still going?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Honda 250, huh?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: That's right.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: C'mon, Star. Climb on.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Star?...
text: She gives Michael an apologetic look, then climbs onto
text: the motorcycle behind David.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Know where Hudson's Bluff is?
dialog: Overlooking the point?
text: David again GUNS his ENGINE and Michael gets his meaning.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I can't beat a Triumph.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: You don't have to beat me,
dialog: Michael.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Just try to keep up.
scene_heading: 37 EXT. BOARDWALK STEPS 37
text: The motorcycles BOUNCE down the steps and hit the beach.
scene_heading: 38 EXT. THE BEACH 38
text: Now they pick up speed as they spin out from the board-
text: walk, spraying sand into the air and REVVING their
scene_heading: ENGINES.
text: People on the beach turn to look as the motorcycles ROAR
text: by, heading for a more deserted section of sand.
speaker_heading: 39 AERIAL VIEW 39
text: Of ALL FIVE MOTORBIKES weaving between the ROARING
speaker_heading: BONFIRES.
scene_heading: 40 CLOSE SHOTS - THE LOST BOYS 40
text: Their faces are alive with the excitement and the thrill
dialog: of the ride.
scene_heading: 41 CLOSE ON MICHAEL 41
text: Cautious. Worried. Doing his best to keep up.
scene_heading: 42 EXT. THE SHORELINE 42
text: The motorcycles speed through the surf.
scene_heading: 43 ANOTHER ANGLE 43
text: They head for the pier at full speed. The thick wooden
text: pilings present a hazardous obstacle course. Michael
text: SKIDS and slows down.
text: The Lost Boys do just the opposite. They increase their
text: speed as they approach the pilings.
scene_heading: 44 EXT. BENEATH THE PIER 44
text: David and the others thread their way between the pilings
text: at breakneck speed -- executing turns and avoiding col-
text: lisions in a way that doesn't seem possible.
speaker_heading: 45 MICHAEL 45
text: travels through the pilings, trying to keep up.
scene_heading: 46 EXT. DUNE-FILLED BEACH 46
text: An area of gently rolling sand dunes. A bonfire burns
text: beside one of these dunes. We HEAR the THUNDEROUS RUMBLE
text: of approaching motorcycles and one-by-one the Lost Boys
text: sail off the edge of the dune -- fly through the flames
text: of the bonfire -- and land upright on the beach below.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: is the last one to try this. He's determined not to
text: chicken out. He speeds up the dune -- flies through the
text: flames -- and hits the beach. He almost falls -- but
text: immediately rights himself.
text: Star looks back from her position behind David and gives
text: him a smile. The Lost Boys also favor him with approving
dialog: looks.
scene_heading: 47 EXT. RAILROAD TRESTLE 47
text: Michael and the Lost Boys -- silhouetted against the
text: night sky -- speed across the trestle.
scene_heading: 48 MICHAEL AND DAVID 48
text: now travel side-by-side. Star's hair blows in the wind.
text: She reaches out her hand toward Michael. Michael reaches
text: out his. Their hands touch for a moment -- then David
text: turns to Michael.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: (shouting above the
speaker_heading: noise of the WIND
speaker_heading: and the MOTORS
dialog: Now we race!!
text: David smiles -- and speeds ahead. Michael takes off
text: after him.
scene_heading: 49 EXT. HUDSON'S BLUFF - NIGHT 49
text: David's Triumph streaks across the flat surface of the
text: bluff. Michael is not far behind.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL'S POV
text: The bluff terminates in a shear five hundred-foot drop
text: into the CRASHING SURF below. And it's coming up fast.
speaker_heading: DAVID
text: ROARS toward the abyss, seemingly heedless of the peril
text: that lies before him.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
text: begins to show fear. It's as is he's going to shoot off
text: the edge of the world. He brakes and spins out, nearly
text: losing control of his bike, sliding toward the edge.
speaker_heading: DAVID
text: BRAKES! The tires lock and the TRIUMPH SKIDS to a stop.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON TRIUMPH'S FRONT TIRE
text: Hanging slightly over the edge of the bluff. The PACIFIC
text: OCEAN CRASHES POWERFULLY against the moon-lit rocks below.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
text: slides next to him, slightly over the edge.
scene_heading: 50 FULL SHOT - THE BLUFF 50
text: The other boys now arrive on their motorbikes. David
text: calmly climbs off his bike. Michael explodes and punches
text: him. The other boys fall silent.
text: Star looks to Laddie. Michael prepares for David's
text: retaliation, but David surprises everyone by smiling his
text: irresistible smile at Michael.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: How far you willing to go, Michael?
scene_heading: 51 EXT. BLUFF FROM THE OCEAN'S POV 51
text: A beautiful magic spot. David, Michael, Star and the
text: others climb down old condemned wooden stairs, passing
text: huge signs on old rusted pilings reading: "CONDEMNED,"
text: "UNSAFE," "UNLAWFUL TO GO PAST THIS POINT." The group
text: presses on toward a LARGE OPENING IN THE ROCKS.
scene_heading: 52 INT. CAVE 52
text: The group enters and Michael can't believe his eyes.
scene_heading: A VICTORIAN HOTEL LOBBY
text: has seemingly dropped through a crack in the earth. It
text: is tilted and broken, but nearly intact: Front desk,
text: lobby mural; wrought-iron elevator, and more.
text: Shafts of moonlight shoot down from cracks in the ceiling.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: This was the hottest resort in Santa
dialog: Carla back about eighty years ago.
dialog: Too bad they built it right on top
dialog: of the San Adreas fault.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: In 1906, when the big one hit San
dialog: Francisco, the ground opened up and
dialog: this place took a header into the
dialog: crack.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Man, you wouldn't believe the cool
dialog: stuff we've found in here.
text: Michael glances at Star.
speaker_heading: STAR
dialog: C'mon, Michael. I want to go.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: No. Stick around.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: We were gonna grab some food.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Good idea.
dialog: (turns)
dialog: Marko. We're hungry.
text: Marko nods and leaves.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: See? All you gotta do is ask.
dialog: (lights up a
dialog: joint)
dialog: How about an appetizer?
text: David takes the first hit, then passes it to Michael.
text: Star seems troubled.
scene_heading: 53 EXT. GRANDPA'S HOUSE - ESTABLISHING - NIGHT 53
scene_heading: 54 INT. SAM'S BEDROOM - NIGHT 54
text: Sam is lying in bed reading Vampires Everywhere. Lucy
text: enters.
speaker_heading: LUCY
text: Ten o'clock. Lights out.
text: Lucy opens the closet and throws a few items inside, then
text: walks away.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Mom.
text: She closes the closet door.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: I can't sleep with the closet
text: door open, either. Not even a
dialog: crack.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Your father doesn't mind, though.
dialog: It could be wide open for all he
dialog: cared. I think one of the reasons
dialog: I divorced him was because he
dialog: never believed... in the horror...
dialog: of the closet monster!
speaker_heading: GRANDPA (O.S.)
dialog: Closet monster!?
text: Taken by surprise, Lucy and Sam yelp like a pair of
text: scared puppies.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Dad! Don't sneak up on people
dialog: like that!
speaker_heading: GRANDPA
dialog: It's called the Indian walk.
dialog: Walkin' without makin' a sound.
text: Grandpa is holding something behind his back.
speaker_heading: GRANDPA
dialog: Brought you a little somethin' to
dialog: dress up your room with, Sam.
text: Grandpa reveals what's behind his back: A grotesque
text: stuffed woodchuck. Raised up on its hind legs. Teeth
text: exposed. Very ugly, indeed.
text: Lucy and Sam hide their revulsion as Grandpa proudly
text: places the monstrosity on the dresser.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Thanks, Grandpa...
speaker_heading: GRANDPA
dialog: Lots more where he came from.
speaker_heading: LUCY
text: Lights out, Sam.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Soon as I finish this comic. Okay?
text: Lucy nods and exits the room. Grandpa follows her out.
text: Sam is left alone to finish the comic. But he can't
text: concentrate. The woodchuck seems to be staring at him.
text: Finally, Sam leaps out of bed, grabs the woodchuck and
text: puts him in the closet. SLAMMING the door tightly.
scene_heading: 55 INT. LOBBY/CAVE - NIGHT 55
text: MUSIC IS PLAYING from a ghetto blaster. Very loud. Very
text: hypnotic. Dwayne makes graceful moves with a skateboard
text: beneath his feet. Everyone is very mellow; very dreamy.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (to all)
dialog: Where are you guys from?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: We're from right here.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I mean, where do you live?
speaker_heading: DWAYNE
dialog: Right here.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: You live here? Your folks let
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Is he talking parents?
speaker_heading: DWAYNE
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: What are they?
text: The others laugh, too. Michael looks confused.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: We do what we want, Michael. We
dialog: have complete freedom.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Nobody knows about this place...
dialog: and nobody knows about us.
text: Michael is intrigued -- and David sees it. He steps
text: closer to him.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Freedom, Michael. No parents.
dialog: No rules.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Hell, we're as free as birds.
text: Marko suddenly arrives bearing cartons of take-out food.
speaker_heading: MARKO
dialog: Chow time!
text: David takes the cartons from his hand.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Chinese! Good choice.
text: He pops the lid on one of the cartons and approaches
text: Michael with it.
speaker_heading: DAVID
text: Guests first.
text: Michael hesitates.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: It's only rice. Don't you like
dialog: rice? 300 million Chinese people
dialog: can't be wrong.
text: Michael takes the carton warily and David immediately
text: turns his back on him, passing out food to the others.
text: Michael takes a mouthful of rice using the plastic spoon
text: provided. The others begin to eat as well.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: So how do you like those maggots,
dialog: Michael?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: What?...
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: You're eating maggots. How do
dialog: they taste?
text: Michael looks at his food.
scene_heading: 56 CLOSE ON THE CARTON 56
text: A thousand wiggling maggots, squirming and sliding over
dialog: each other.
speaker_heading: 57 MICHAEL 57
text: spits out his mouthful in horror and revulsion and throws
text: the carton to the ground.
text: But as the carton spills out, we see that it is just rice
dialog: after all.
text: The boys LAUGH UPROARIOUSLY. Michael looks mortified.
text: Star gets to her feet.
speaker_heading: STAR
dialog: Leave him alone.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Sorry, Michael. No hard feelings,
dialog: huh?
dialog: (offers a new
dialog: carton of food)
dialog: Here. Try these noodles.
text: Michael looks at the noodles and his expression turns to
dialog: one of disgust.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Worms!
scene_heading: 58 CLOSE ON THE CARTON 58
dialog: A hundred squirming bloodsuckers!
dialog: 59 BACK TO SCENE 59
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Worms?...
text: David tilts back his head and pours the contents of the
text: carton into his mouth. The slimy bundle of worms slides
text: slowly across his lips.
text: Michael looks on with a sick expression. He grabs
text: David's arm.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Don't! Stop!
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Why?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: They're only noodles.
text: David shows Michael the carton again. And sure enough,
text: they are only noodles. Michael is baffled. The boys
dialog: have a good, long laugh at his expense.
speaker_heading: STAR
dialog: That's enough!
text: The laughter dies down as a NEW SONG comes on the radio.
dialog: It's apparently a favorite of the Lost Boys because the
text: MUSIC is immediately TURNED UP LOUD and all thoughts of
text: Michael seem to be forgotten.
text: Everyone begins to move to the music. Star encourages
text: Michael to dance with her. He's feeling the effects of
text: the joint he smoked and his balance is a little off. His
text: head is spinning.
text: During all this, David has located a bottle of wine. He
text: pours some into a paper cup and offers it to Michael.
text: Michael is about to drink when Star holds his arm.
speaker_heading: STAR
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Don't Michael. You don't have
dialog: to. It's blood!
text: Michael examines the contents of the cup and smiles know-
text: ingly. He's not falling for any more tricks.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Good joke, blood.
text: Michael brings the cup to his lips and drinks. The Lost
text: Boys watch him carefully. Wine drips from the corner of
text: his mouth. But it looks more like blood than anything
dialog: else.
text: Michael lowers the cup. The room is spinning around him.
text: Suddenly: SLOW-MOTION. DREAMY MUSIC.
text: THE CAMERA TAKES OFF
text: whirling up into the air so that our VIEW of the lobby is
text: now from HIGH ABOVE.
scene_heading: 60 INT. MICHAEL'S BEDROOM - NEXT DAY 60
text: Michael cringes in his sleep, as Sam invades his bedroom
dialog: from their common bathroom.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Michael, come on. It's one
dialog: o'clock already.
text: Sam yanks open the blinds.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Go away.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You're supposed to watch me and
dialog: entertain me, and make me
dialog: appreciate the brief but happy
dialog: years of childhood.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Entertain yourself.
text: Michael pulls the covers over his head.
scene_heading: 61 INT. LIVING ROOM - DAY 61
text: Sam accompanied by Nanook sneak a peek into Grandpa's
text: taxidermy room. Grandpa is hard at work. Sam doesn't
dialog: dare go inside.
scene_heading: 62 EXT. BACK OF HOUSE - DAY 62
text: Sam and Nanook check over Grandpa's OLD PICKUP parked
text: in the back yard filled with fencing materials; posts,
text: rails and boards.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Nanook... this is my life: I come
dialog: from a broken home. My mother
dialog: works all day. My brother sleeps
dialog: all day. And my Grandpa, who is
dialog: possibly and alien, stuffs
dialog: chipmonks.
text: Then he notices the marijuana garden next to it.
text: Running into the kitchen, he comes back with a book
dialog: of matches.
text: Breaking off a leaf, he rolls it and is just about to
text: light it when Grandpa's voice makes him choke.
speaker_heading: GRANDPA (O.S.)
dialog: Whatcha doin'?
text: Sam palms the evidence.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Grandpa, stop doin' the Indian
dialog: Walk!
speaker_heading: GRANDPA
dialog: Gotta keep in practice. It's a
dialog: dyin' art.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Good!
speaker_heading: GRANDPA
dialog: Whatcha doin' over here?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Oh... I was just... having a look
dialog: at your truck. What's all that
dialog: wood in there for?
speaker_heading: GRANDPA
dialog: Been fixin' to build me fence
dialog: one of these days. Bought all the
dialog: materials, then put it off...
dialog: for about ten years.
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: Well, one more day won't hurt.
dialog: Wanna go into town with me?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Great. I wanna get some new comics.
scene_heading: 63 INT. GARAGE - DAY 63
text: A classic 1957 CHEVY in creampuff condition. Grandpa
text: takes down an old coffee can from the tool bench and
text: fishes out the car keys from inside.
speaker_heading: GRANDPA
dialog: Get in.
text: Sam slides into the car. Grandpa climbs in behind the
dialog: wheel.
scene_heading: 64 INT. '57 CHEVY 64
text: Grandpa puts the key into the ignition and TURNS OVER the
text: ENGINE. It FIRED UP like a dream.
speaker_heading: GRANDPA
dialog: Got to let her warm up a bit.
dialog: Hear that, Sam? Just like a
text: baby pussycat.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: OKay?! Let's go to town!
text: So saying, he TURNS OFF the IGNTION. Sam looks baffled.
text: Grandpa climbs from the car and puts the keys back into
text: the coffee can. Then he turns to Sam who is still seated
text: inside the car.
speaker_heading: GRANDPA
dialog: Are we havin' fun or what?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I thought we were goin' into town.
speaker_heading: GRANDPA
dialog: I hate goin' into town. That's
dialog: about as close to town as I like
dialog: to get.
scene_heading: 65 INT. BACK PORCH 65
text: Michael, looking very drawn and wearing sunglasses,
text: stands before his barbells. He pumps them once, but
text: can't complete a second rep. Exhausted, he drops them
dialog: down.
scene_heading: 66 INT. THE KITCHEN - DAY 66
text: Sam is there, looking through the refrigerator. Michael
text: enters from the service porch and plops down in a chair.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: What did you do last night? You
dialog: look wasted.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I can't remember much after the
dialog: Chinese food that looked like
text: maggots.
dialog: That takes care of Sam's appetite.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You don't suppose Grandpa's an
dialog: alien, do you?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: What would that make Mom?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You're right... not even to
dialog: mention you and me.
text: Nanook comes up to Michael and begins to lick the bottoms
text: of his bare feet.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Beat it, Nanook.
text: Nanook continues to lick and lick.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Sam. Make him stop.
text: Sam pulls Nanook away. Then he takes a closer look at
text: Michael's feet.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Did you spill something?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: No. Why?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: The bottoms of your feet are
text: covered with salt.
text: Michael gets up from the table and starts to leave
dialog: the room.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I told you it was pretty weird
dialog: Chinese food.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Wanna go to the comic book store?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: No.
scene_heading: 67 INT. COMIC BOOK STORE - DAY (LATER) 67
text: Sam parks his bike outside and enters. He begins looking
text: around, when he sees the Frog Brothers at work as usual.
text: They exchange glares and Sam goes to a section he likes.
speaker_heading: ALAN
dialog: How do you like Santa Carla?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: It's a pretty cool place if you're
dialog: a Martian.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Or a vampire.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Are you guys sniffing old
dialog: newsprint or something?
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: You think you're cool, don't you?
dialog: You think you know what's really
dialog: happening, don't you? Well, you
dialog: don't know shit, buddy.
speaker_heading: ALAN
dialog: Yeah, you think we just work in a
dialog: comic book store for our dad, huh?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: This isn't a comic book store,
dialog: right. It's a bakery.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: This is just our cover. We're
dialog: dedicated to a higher purpose.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Now I get it... you're like those
text: people in the airport trying to
dialog: get you to give them money.
dialog: You're part of a cult.
speaker_heading: ALAN
dialog: We're fighters for Truth, Justice,
dialog: and the American Way.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You better get some fresh air.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Hey, man, take this... It's on the
dialog: house.
text: He hands him a comic called Destroy All Vampires.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I don't like horror comics.
speaker_heading: ALAN
dialog: Think of this more as a survival
dialog: manual... there's our number on
dialog: the back, and pray that you never
dialog: need to call us.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I'm gonna pray that I never need
dialog: to call you.
scene_heading: 68 EXT. VIDEO STORE - EVENING 68
text: Lucy emerged from the store just as Max drives up in his
text: sports car. His dog, THORN, an Irish Setter, is in the
text: seat next to him.
text: Max leaps from the car.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Say hello to Thorn.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: (pets him)
dialog: Hi, Thorn.
text: Lucy begins to walk. Max falls into step with her.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: You know, Lucy, this isn't working
dialog: out like I planned.
text: Lucy looks alarmed.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: I never get to see you.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Which is, of course, why I hired
dialog: you in the first place.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: How about dinner one night this
dialog: week?
text: Lucy's expression tells us that she finds Max charming,
text: in an incorrigible sort of way.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: You're cute, Max.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I know. It's so 'Eighties.'
dialog: (opens her car
dialog: door for her)
dialog: It's the Cute Decade.
scene_heading: 69 EXT. OUTSIDE THE CAVE/LOBBY - CLOSE ON MICHAEL'S EAR - 69
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: As Star pierces it for him.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Ouch.
speaker_heading: STAR
dialog: Don't be a baby. That didn't hurt
dialog: and you know it.
text: A drop of blood appears on her finger. She reacts,
text: restraining herself from tasting it. Quickly she wipes
text: it off and inserts an earring in his ear. He looks more
text: like the Lost Boys every minute. The ocean CRASHES
text: against the rocks below them. The moon and stars are
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I wouldn't have given my Mom
dialog: such a hard time about moving
dialog: here if I'd known I was going to
dialog: meet you.
speaker_heading: STAR
dialog: I used to fight with my family
dialog: all the time... just got fed up
dialog: and ran away.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Now you and David...
speaker_heading: STAR
dialog: No. They've made me one of them,
dialog: but I miss my family.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Let's go see them.
speaker_heading: STAR
dialog: No... no, everything's different
dialog: now...
text: She gets up and walks toward the water. Michael stops
text: her and, pulling her toward him, kisses her, leaning
text: against the white rocks.
speaker_heading: STAR
dialog: ... Michael...
text: Before she can say anything else he kisses her again.
text: The kiss becomes more passionate -- more intense.
text: SUDDENLY LONG DARK SHADOWS LOOM ACROSS THEM. They turn
text: to see David, Dwayne, Paul, Marko and Laddie watching.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Not interrupting anything, I hope.
text: Michael gets to his feet. He glares at David.
speaker_heading: STAR
dialog: (indicating Michael's
dialog: ear)
dialog: Look.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: You're almost one of us now, Michael.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I'm my own man.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Get your bike. We're going
dialog: someplace.
text: Michael looks at Star.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Don't worry... she'll be here when
dialog: you get back.
text: Michael hesitates, but is also drawn intensely to be a
text: part of them. He leaves with the others as they climb
text: over the rocks toward their bikes. Laddie has remained
dialog: behind.
speaker_heading: LADDIE
dialog: I had the dream again about them.
speaker_heading: STAR
dialog: Who, Laddie?
speaker_heading: LADDIE
dialog: I know it was them, Star. I'm sure
dialog: of it. He was working in the yard --
text: hammering something. The yard was
dialog: big with lots of grass. There was
text: no boardwalk and no ocean. She
dialog: was bringing him something cold to
dialog: drink... and had red hair.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I was there, too. And a dog -- but
dialog: I don't know its name. I was
text: running and the dog was chasing me.
dialog: Then I turned around and chased
text: the dog. They were watching me.
text: Drinking their cold drinks and
text: laughing. And I was laughing, too.
speaker_heading: STAR
dialog: Laddie... you can still remember.
dialog: You can still remember home.
speaker_heading: LADDIE
dialog: It was a dream, Star.
speaker_heading: STAR
dialog: No, Laddie. It was a memory.
text: The SOUNDS OF THE BIKES FIRING UP.
speaker_heading: STAR
dialog: You didn't tell David?
speaker_heading: LADDIE
dialog: No. Just you.
speaker_heading: STAR
dialog: Promise me you'll keep it that
dialog: way. You're not like the others,
dialog: Laddie. You're like me.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I can still remember, too.
text: She holds him as Michael and the Lost boys roar across
text: the beach into the darkness.
speaker_heading: LADDIE
dialog: You like Michael.
speaker_heading: STAR
dialog: I like Michael.
speaker_heading: LADDIE
dialog: (sweet, fearful)
dialog: You better not like him too much.
text: As young as he is, Star knows he's right.
scene_heading: 70 EXT. RAILROAD TRESTLE - NIGHT 70
text: The trestle spans a deep gorge, obscured IN fog. The boys
text: arrive on their motorbikes.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Perfect time.
text: They climb from their motorbikes as David walks onto the
dialog: trestle.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: What's going' on?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: What's goin' on, Marko?
speaker_heading: MARKO
dialog: I dunno. What's goin' on, Paul?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Who wants to know?
speaker_heading: DAVID
text: Michael wants to know.
text: The Lost Boys laugh. Michael looks irritated. He watches
text: as Paul, Marko and Dwayne climb below the trestle, hold
text: on with their hands and allow their bodies to dangle over
text: the fog-shrouded gorge.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Now you, Michael.
text: Michael hesitates.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Do it, Michael. Now!
text: Michael summons his courage and climbs down. David
text: follows him.
scene_heading: 71 ANGLE BENEATH THE TRESTLE 71
text: All five boys hanging on. The fog billowing up beneath
text: them. Michael starts to look down. Then, a RUMBLING is
text: heard in the distance. Michael notices the look of
text: excitement in the eyes of the other boys.
text: A PASSENGER TRAIN is approaching. It's WHISTLE BLOWS.
text: The trestle begins to shake. A look of terror comes into
text: Michael's expression.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Hang on!!
text: The train THUNDERS across the trestle overhead, only a
text: foot or two above them.
text: The ROAR and the NOISE are tremendous. The heat. The
text: smoke. The dust.
text: The boys grimace and hold on for dear life. Then,
text: Michael reacts in horror as:
speaker_heading: PAUL
text: releases his grip and falls, disappearing into the fog
dialog: below.
text: Then: Marko falls. Followed by Dwayne. Only David and
text: Michael remain. David shouts over the DIN of the passing
dialog: train.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Let go, Michael! Let go!
text: Michael can't believe what he's hearing. He's scared out
text: of his wits.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Do it!
text: David lets go with one hand, clings on with the other.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Do it, Michael!!!
text: David lets go. He drops from sight; vanishing into the
text: fog below.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
text: Sweat streaming down his face. The final car of the
text: train passes overhead and the noise begins to fade.
text: Then Michael hears: laughter from the fog below.
speaker_heading: LOST BOYS
dialog: Drop, Michael. Let go! It's
dialog: safe! Come on! Don't be such a
dialog: baby!
text: They WHISTLE and CAT CALL and do everything they can to
text: goad him on. All the while invisible in the darkness
dialog: below.
text: Michael lets go. He drops into the fog.
text: His eyes widen with fright -- but -- for a moment he is
text: buoyant -- suspended in mid-air -- floating!
text: And then... he drops. With a WHOOSH. Like dead weight.
text: The wind RUSHING around his ears. He loses consciousness.
speaker_heading: DAVID
text: catches him in his arms.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Almost.
scene_heading: 72 INT. MICHAEL'S BEDROOM - DAY 72
text: The shakes are drawn and the room is dark. Sam rushes
dialog: in.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Michael, wake up! It's Mom!
text: Michael stirs.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Mom's home?...
speaker_heading: SAM
text: No. On the phone.
text: Michael glances at the clock. It's two in the afternoon.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Oh, shit...
text: He fumbles for his sunglasses. Finds them and puts them
text: on. Then he picks up the phone by his bed. Sam notices
text: how long Michael's fingernails are.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Michael... are you freebasing?
dialog: Inquiring minds want to know!
text: Michael gives Sam a hostile look, then speaks into the
dialog: phone.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Hi, Mom...
text: INTERCUT between Michael and Lucy
scene_heading: 73 INT. VIDEO STORE 73
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Michael, are you still in bed?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: No. I'm up.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Michael, will you do me a favor
dialog: this evening? Will you stay home
dialog: with Sam tonight? I'm meeting
dialog: Max for dinner after work.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (very unsympathetic)
dialog: I watch him all day. The only time
dialog: I have more myself is at night. Let
text: Grandpa watch him.
speaker_heading: LUCY
text: Grandpa has plans of his own.
dialog: (firmly)
dialog: Michael, I want you to do this.
text: Everybody has been bending over
dialog: backwards for you. You come home
dialog: late. You sleep in to the middle
dialog: of the day -- Sam is always alone.
dialog: You do exactly what you want...
dialog: tonight do what I want for a
dialog: change.
text: Michael is silent on the other end of the line.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Okay?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (sweet self)
dialog: Okay.
text: Michael hangs up the phone -- then notices his growing
dialog: fingernails.
scene_heading: 74 INT. BATHROOM 74
text: Michael steps into the shower stall and turns on the
text: water. He lets it beat against him. Suddenly, his ex-
text: pression turns to one of pain. The water burns.
text: He reaches for the handles, turns down the hot, turns up
text: the cold. It still burns.
text: He turns the hot completely off. The cold water burns!
text: He jumps from the shower in alarm.
scene_heading: 75 EXT. GRANDPA'S HOUSE - ESTABLISHING - NIGHT 75
scene_heading: 76 INT. KITCHEN - GRANDPA'S HOUSE - NIGHT 76
text: Sam slaps together a couple of bologna sandwiches.
text: Grandpa walks in wearing a suit and tie. He begins to
text: bang around through the kitchen cupboards.
speaker_heading: GRANDPA
dialog: Anything in here that might pass
dialog: for after shave?
text: Sam locates a bottle of Windex. Grandpa examines the
text: bottle, squirts a little onto his hand and smells it.
text: Then splashes it on.
speaker_heading: GRANDPA
dialog: Thanks.
text: Michael enters looking drawn and tired. He still wears
text: his sunglasses. Grandpa is startled by his appearence
dialog: but says nothing about it.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Big date, Grandpa?
speaker_heading: GRANDPA
dialog: (slyly)
dialog: Just dropping off some of my
text: handiwork to the 'Widow' Johnson.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (nasty)
dialog: Oh, yeah. What'd you stuff for
dialog: her? Mr. Johnson?
text: Grandpa gives Michael a look of displeasure.
speaker_heading: GRANDPA
dialog: See you laters, boys.
text: Grandpa goes out the door.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (to Michael)
dialog: That wasn't funny.
scene_heading: 77 EXT. GRANDPA'S HOUSE - NIGHT 77
text: Grandpa drives away from the house in his pickup truck.
scene_heading: 78 INT. KITCHEN (CONTINUOUS) 78
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I'm making you a sandwich.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Don't bother.
text: Sam glances at Michael's ear.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Lose the earring, Michael. It's
dialog: not happening. It's just not
dialog: happening.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Piss off.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (very pleasantly)
dialog: You have such a great personality,
dialog: Michael. You should open your
dialog: own charm school.
text: Headlight beams begin to shine in the kitchen windows,
text: moving rapidly from one to the next.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: What's that?...
scene_heading: 79 INT. THE LIVING ROOM 79
text: As Michael arrives in the living room he can hear LOUD
text: MUMBLED WHISPERING. Headlights flash across the window
text: curtains, accompanied by the unmistakeable ROAR of
text: MOTORBIKE ENGINES -- as if they were going around the
dialog: house.
text: The WHISPERING grows LOUDER. It seems to be saying
text: "Michael, Michael, Michael." He goes for the front door.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Don't open it!
text: The ROAR of the ENGINES CONTINUES from outside. He
text: reaches for the doorknob.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: No!!
text: Michael throws open the door, and --
text: Nothing. The front yard is empty. But a blast of cold
text: air rushes into the house and a WEIRD ECHOING sound rever-
text: berates across the sky.
text: A low ground fog is rolling in as well. Sam and Michael
text: look bewildered.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Weird.
text: Michael closes the door and locks it. His face is ashen.
scene_heading: 80 EXT. RESTAURANT - NIGHT 80
text: Lucy pulls up to the restaurant in her Land Rover. Max
text: pulls up immediately behind her in his sports car. He
text: jumps out, hurries over to Lucy's car and opens the door
text: for her with a galant flourish.
scene_heading: 81 INT. SAM AND MICHAEL'S BATHROOM - NIGHT 81
text: Sam is in the tub. Nanook is curled on the rug. A radio
text: is BLASTING ROCK MUSIC.
text: Sam lip synching to the music, uses soap and water to
text: sculpt his hair into a variety of punkish styles. He's
text: lost in the music, enjoying this activity immensely.
scene_heading: 82 INT. THE KITCHEN - NIGHT 82
text: Michael goes to the refrigerator for some milk.
text: Then Michael abruptly buckles over in pain. He drops the
text: milk carton to the floor, where it BURSTS OPEN.
text: He straightens up, sees the mess he's made and goes to
text: the pantry for a mop.
scene_heading: 83 INT. THE PANTRY 83
text: Michael finds the mop -- but is then hit by another wave
text: of pain. He grabs his stomach and doubles over. As he
text: lifts his head, this is what he sees:
text: The walls of the pantry begin to breathe! Soup cans puff
text: out and suck in. Preserves seem to come alive. The light
text: bulb expands. The floor ripples.
text: Michael's HEART begins to POUND. Blood surges through
text: his veins -- causing them to bulge and ripple.
scene_heading: 84 CLOSE ON MICHAEL'S MOUTH 84
text: as his teeth begin to extend -- cutting his gums.
scene_heading: 85 INT. RESTAURANT 85
text: Lucy and Max have some wine before ordering dinner.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: The video stores are a big success.
dialog: Wait'll you see the one I'm opening
dialog: in Los Gatos.
text: The WAITER arrives.
speaker_heading: WAITER
dialog: Ready to order now, sir?
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: (to Max)
dialog: I'll just have the fillet of sole.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: No you won't.
dialog: (to Waiter)
dialog: We'll start with caviar. Ceasar
dialog: salad and your two biggest lobsters.
dialog: (indicates empty
dialog: bottle of wine)
dialog: This wine as nice, but now I think
dialog: some Dom Perignon.
speaker_heading: WAITER
dialog: Very good, sir.
text: The Waiter departs. Max is not getting the expected
dialog: reaction from Lucy.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Not impressed, are you?
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Ohm I would have been... one
dialog: marriage ago.
text: Max can't help but smile.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: So, I've met the one woman on the
dialog: planet who's going to hold my
dialog: success against me.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: You seem like a terrific guy, Max,
dialog: and I'm grateful for the job...
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: But I don't think it's what you
dialog: really want to do, is it?
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: I guess if I had my choice, I'd
dialog: like to do something that involves
dialog: children. Work with kids in
dialog: some way. Teenagers, maybe.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And Santa Carla seems to be full
dialog: of them.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Yeah. Runaways, mostly. They come
text: from all over. Attracted by the
text: boardwalk and the ocean. Lucy...
dialog: listen I know I have no right to
dialog: ask you this... but don't look
dialog: for another job just yet... I
dialog: mean besides being the best
dialog: employee I have... I think you're
dialog: cute.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: I hear this is the decade for cute.
scene_heading: 86 INT. SAM AND MICHAEL'S BATHROOM 86
text: Sam continues to listen to ROCK BLASTING as he creates
text: another hair style for himself.
scene_heading: 87 INT. STAIRCASE 87
text: Michael appears in the shadows. His veins have returned
text: to normal, but he is possessed by a strange calm.
text: Michael begins to ascend the stairs. We hear the sound
text: of his HEARTBEAT.
text: Michael reaches the second floor landing and moves slowly
text: down the hallway toward the bathroom door. His HEART
text: POUNDS even LOUDER in his chest.
scene_heading: 88 INT. BATHROOM 88
text: Sam is in the tub. MUSIC blaring. Sculpting his hair.
scene_heading: 89 INT. HALLWAY 89
text: Michael stands outside the bathroom door. His HEART
text: POUNDING in his chest. His face white as snow. He
text: reaches for the doorknob, then withdraws his hand. A
text: battle is raging within him.
scene_heading: 90 INT. BATHROOM 90
text: NONOOK raises his head and begins to WHINE.
scene_heading: 91 INT. HALLWAY 91
text: Michael has his back pressed against the bathroom door,
text: fighting his urge and desire to enter. LOUD, POUNDING
speaker_heading: HEARTBEAT!
scene_heading: 92 INT. BATHROOM 92
text: Sam, unaware of Nanook's nervous behavior, disappears under
text: the water to rinse his hair.
text: NONOOK sits up and HOWLS -- and Michael bursts in!
text: Michael and Nanook lock eyes. NANOOK begins to GROWL
text: softly. A deep, primordial GROWL of warning.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON MICHAEL
text: His lips peel back, revealing his teeth.
speaker_heading: NANOOK
text: lunges at Michael, propelling both of them into the
text: hallway. The DOOR SLAMS shut behind them.
speaker_heading: 93 SAM 93
text: surfaces for air, hears a tremendous FIGHT going on in
text: the hallway. THUDDING, BANGING, GROWLING and HOWLING.
text: Tumbling downstairs followed abruptly by silence.
scene_heading: 94 INT. HALLWAY 94
text: Sam steps cautiously into the hallway. It is dark.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Michael? Are you there, Nanook?
text: No response whatsoever. Sam swallows hard and begins
text: to walk down the hallway.
text: Then -- he hears HEAVY BREATHING and stops in his tracks.
text: He looks down the dark staircase.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Michael?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Don't turn on the light.
text: Sam turns on the light -- and SCREAMS!
speaker_heading: 95 MICHAEL 95
text: is huddled at the bottom of staircase, his face and hands
text: covered in blood.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: What happened, Michael!?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Nanook...
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: What about Nonook? What have you
dialog: done to Nanook?! What have you
dialog: done to my dog, you asshole?!
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Nothing! I didn't hurt him. He
dialog: bit me! This is my blood!
text: Michael shows Sam the gash across the palm of his hand.
text: Sam reacts. Nanook appears protectively beside Sam.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: What did you to do him, Michael?
dialog: Why did he bite you?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: He was protecting you!
text: Sam is shocked to hear this. But gets an even greater
text: shock when he looks at the mirror in the hallway. He
text: GASPS out loud.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: What??
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Look at your reflection in the
dialog: mirror!!
text: Michael looks, is startled to see that he is nearly
dialog: invisible.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You're a creature of the night,
dialog: Michael! Just like the comic book...
dialog: You're a vampire, Michael! My own
dialog: brother -- a godamn shit-sucking
dialog: vampire!
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Wait'll Mom finds out!
text: Michael looks confused and bewildered. He moves toward
dialog: the staircase.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Stay back! Stay back!
text: He makes a cross with his fingers and runs for his room.
scene_heading: 96 INT. SAM'S ROOM 96
text: Sam and Nanook dash in as Sam locks the door and the bath-
text: room door. He scrambles for the comic with the Frogs'
dialog: number on it.
scene_heading: 97 INT. MICHAEL'S BEDROOM 97
text: Michael walks in wearing a dazed expression. He flops
text: down on his bed.
scene_heading: 98 INT. COMIC BOOK STORE 98
text: Hiding the phone and the conversation from the clientele,
text: the Frogs walk to Sam.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: You did the right thing, calling
dialog: us. Does your brother sleep
dialog: a lot?
scene_heading: 99 INT. SAM'S BEDROOM 99
text: INTERCUT between Sam and Frogs.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: All day.
speaker_heading: ALAN
dialog: Can't stand light?
speaker_heading: SAM
text: Wears sunglasses in the house.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Bad breath? Long fingernails?
speaker_heading: SAM
text: His fingernails are longer, but
dialog: he always has bad breath.
speaker_heading: ALAN
text: Salt sticks to the bottom of his
dialog: feet.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: ALAN
dialog: He's a vampire alright.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Get yourself a good sharp stake
text: and drive it through his heart.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I can't do that!
speaker_heading: ALAN
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: He's my brother.
speaker_heading: ALAN
dialog: You better get a garlic T-shirt, buddy.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Or it's your funeral.
text: CLICK. The Frogs hang up. Sam looks even more worried
dialog: than before.
scene_heading: 100 INT. MICHAEL'S BEDROOM - CLOSE ON MICHAEL 100
dialog: Something is happening, but we can't tell what. Yet we
text: feel the distinct sensation of movement.
text: BANG. Michael's nose makes contact with a hard white
text: surface. It's as if something is pressing down on him.
scene_heading: CAMERA PULLS BACK
text: and we realize that Michael is floating above his bed!
text: Completely weightless. Gravity-free. The white surface
dialog: is the ceiling.
text: Michael looks scared and confused. He's out of control.
text: Floating aimlessly near the ceiling like a helium balloon.
text: He wants desperately to get back down. He tries to
text: maneuver himself toward his bed. He grabs hold of the
text: blind cord.
text: But the window is open and Michael's feet float out --
text: and the rest of him soon follows.
scene_heading: 101 INT. SAM'S BEDROOM 101
text: The phone RINGS. Sam jumps and grabs it.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Hello!
scene_heading: 102 INT. RESTAURANT 102
text: Lucy on the phone. She hears the panic in Sam's voice.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Sam. Is everything all right?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Mom. I think we've got to have
dialog: a long talk about something?
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: What's wrong? Tell me.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: We can't talk about it on the
dialog: phone.
text: Then Sam sees Michael floating in mid-air outside his
text: bedroom window.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Oh, no! Oh, God! He's coming to
dialog: get me! Mom!!!
text: Lucy hears this. She drops the phone and runs from the
dialog: restaurant.
scene_heading: ANOTHER PART OF THE RESTAURANT
text: The waiter arrives at Max's table with two huge lobster
text: dinners and more Dom Perignon, just as Max sees Lucy
text: jump into her Land Rover and burn rubber away from the
text: restaurant. Max is totally confused.
scene_heading: 103 EXT. GRANDPA'S HOUSE - NIGHT 103
text: Michael rises into the night sky as far as the cord will
dialog: allow.
scene_heading: 104 INT. SAM'S BEDROOM 104
text: Sam backs away from the window with a terrified
dialog: expression.
text: Michael is bobbing helplessly in the air outside the
text: window. He's yelling something but we can't hear what
text: it is. Then, Michael's foot CRASHES through the window
dialog: and we HEAR:
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Help me! Sam -- help me! I'm
dialog: your brother!
speaker_heading: SAM
text: is shaken back into reality by Michael's cry. He puts
text: his fear aside and acts on instinct to save his brother.
text: He rushes out of his room and into:
scene_heading: 105 MICHAEL'S BEDROOM 105
text: where he is greeted by a chilling wind that blows in
text: through the opened window. Sam almost has to fight his
text: way toward the window, that's how strong the wind is.
text: But he gets there and begins to reel Michael back inside.
text: As Michael climbs back inside, he immediately anchors
text: himself to the bed with the blind cord.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: We've got to stick together, Sam.
dialog: You've got to help me.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: What about Mom?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: No! We can't tell Mom!
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Please, Sam. Don't tell her.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I don't know, Michael. This is
dialog: not like breaking a lamp or getting
dialog: a 'D'.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Just for a few days, Sam. Give me
dialog: a chance to work this out by myself.
scene_heading: 106 EXT. GRANDPA'S HOUSE - NIGHT 106
text: Lucy speeds up in her Land Rover. She practically jumps
text: out before the car has come to a full stop. She runs
text: into the house.
scene_heading: 107 INT. THE HOUSE 107
text: Lucy rushes in to find Sam walking calmly down the stairs.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Sam! What happened!? You had me
dialog: scared to death. Are you all
dialog: right?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Sorry, Mom. It was a mistake.
dialog: I thought I saw something out the
dialog: window.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I was reading this horror comic
dialog: and I guess I go a little carried
dialog: away...
text: Lucy looks at him with a good deal of skepticism.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Where's Michael?
speaker_heading: SAM
text: He's already gone to bed.
scene_heading: 108 INT. MICHAEL'S BEDROOM 108
text: Michael lies on his bed, totally freaked out.
scene_heading: 109 INT. THE RESTAURANT 109
text: The MAITRE 'D is on the phone.
speaker_heading: MAITRE 'D
dialog: I am very sorry. But he is no
dialog: longer here.
text: In the b.g. we see that the table once occupied by Max
text: and Lucy us now empty.
scene_heading: 110 INT. THE KITCHEN 110
text: Lucy is on the phone with the restaurant.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Well, thank you, anyway.
text: She sighs to herself and hangs up the phone. Then she
text: casts a weary glance at the spilled milk carton on the
text: floor next to the refrigerator.
text: She grabs a dish towel and begins to mop up the milk,
text: placing the ruptured carton on the counter in the
dialog: process.
text: CAMERA MOVES IN CLOSE ON MILK CARTON:
text: We see A PICTURE OF LADDIE on the carton's side. And the
text: bold letter that exclaim: MISSING CHILD!
scene_heading: 111 INT. LUCY'S BEDROOM 111
text: Lucy enters the bedroom. Sam comes in right behind her,
dialog: buttoning p.j.s
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Can I sleep in here with you
dialog: tonight?
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: In here?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Do you mind? It was a real scary
dialog: comic.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Okay.
dialog: (sniffs)
dialog: Have you been eating pizza? You
dialog: smell like garlic.
scene_heading: 112 EXT. GRANDPA'S HOUSE - NIGHT 112
text: All the lights are out. FANTASTIC SONG BEGINS.
scene_heading: 113 INT. LUCY'S BEDROOM - NIGHT 113
text: Lucy & Sam sleep. We HEAR the distant sound of a MOTOR-
text: BIKE driving off, Sam's eyes blink wide open.
scene_heading: 114 EXT. ROAD NEAR HOUSE - NIGHT 114
text: Michael speed away on his motorbike. He sees approach-
text: ing headlights -- decides to pull off and kill his
text: engine. Then, Grandpa drives by in his pickup truck
text: returning from the Widow Johnson's. SONG CONTINUES.
scene_heading: 115 INT. CAB OF PICKUP TRUCK 115
text: Grandpa is singing merrily to himself as he drives.
scene_heading: 116 EXT. THE ROAD 116
text: Michael waits for Grandpa to pass, then ROARS off in
text: the opposite direction.
scene_heading: 117 EXT. BOARDWALK - NIGHT 117
text: Michael travels the length of the boardwalk on his bike.
text: Every attraction and booth is shut down for the night,
text: and the place is deserted.
text: Bonfires burn on the beaches. SONG CONTINUES.
scene_heading: 118 EXT. CLIFF - NIGHT 118
text: Michael arrives at the cliff where the lobby/cave is
text: located. No one is there. He decides to enter the cave.
scene_heading: 119 INT. LOBBY/CAVE - NIGHT 119
text: Michael enters. The place is deserted.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Star?
text: He waits for a reply -- but there isn't one. Now Michael
text: notices and empty bottle of wine -- the same "wine" he
text: drank before. He smells the bottle and recoils. It
text: smells of blood. SONG CONTINUES.
text: Michael hurls the bottle across the lobby where it
text: CRASHES against the wall and shatters.
scene_heading: 120 VARIOUS IMAGES 120
text: begin to rush through his mind. The motorbike "rave-up"
text: on the beach.
scene_heading: 121 ANOTHER IMAGE 121
text: Drinking blood from the wine bottle.
scene_heading: 122 ANOTHER IMAGE 122
text: The ear-piercing ritual and kiss with Star.
scene_heading: 123 ANOTHER IMAGE 123
text: The "trestle-hanging" episode.
scene_heading: 124 BACK TO MICHAEL 124
text: As the IMAGES FADE, Michael finds himself standing in
text: the far corner of the lobby. Something belonging to
text: Star lets him know that this is where she sleeps. SONG
scene_heading: CONTINUES.
text: He sits down on the bed, and soon he is curled up, fall-
dialog: ing asleep.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: 125 SOME IMAGES WE HAVE NOT ALREADY SEEN 125
text: Michael and Star together. She's on the back of his
text: bike, her arms tightly-wrapped around his waist. They
text: are speeding along a moon-lit beach -- or some equally
text: romantic location. Michael is as happy as any young man
text: has the right to be. SONG CONTINUES.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 126 EXT. THE CLIFF - NEAR DAWN 126
text: Firt light begins to show in the sky.
speaker_heading: 127 FLYING POV 127
text: Speeding across the ocean, heading for the cave. Much
text: NOISE. WHISTLING wind. FLAPPING wings. WHISPERING.
scene_heading: SONG CONTINUES.
scene_heading: 128 INT. LOBBY/CAVE 128
text: Michael is curled up on Star's bed. The NOISE sweeps
text: into the cave on a cold rush of air. Michael stirs. He
text: hears voices. Then looks up to see Star coming to lie
text: next to him.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Star. I have to talk to you.
text: Star doesn't respond. She's fallen right to sleep.
text: Michael tries to awaken her.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I have to talk to you. Please
dialog: wake up.
speaker_heading: STAR
dialog: Have to sleep. Have to sleep,
dialog: Michael.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: When?
speaker_heading: STAR
text: Tonight. At the boardwalk...
text: She almost doesn't get the last word out before falling
text: back to sleep. Michael gets to his feet and staggers
text: away from Star's bed. He notices Laddie sleeping nearby.
text: But there is no sign of the other Lost Boys. SONG ENDS.
scene_heading: 129 EXT. GRANDPA'S HOUSE - MORNING 129
text: Michael drives up on his Honda. He approaches the house.
text: Lucy is on the porch, drinking coffee.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Hi.
text: Michael nods and keeps walking.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: What's the matter, Michael?
dialog: Aren't we friends anymore?
text: He stops.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (mumbling)
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Does that mean we are, or we
dialog: aren't?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: We are...
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Then let's act like friends.
dialog: Let's talk. I know this is a
dialog: new place, and --
text: Michael begins to roll his eyes impatiently.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: -- If there's a girl, we could
dialog: talk about her.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (moving away)
dialog: I'm tired now.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Wait a minute, kiddo.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Mom... please.
text: Michael heads into the house. Lucy tugs on her own ear-
text: lobe to indicate Michael's earring.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: We haven't even gotten around to
dialog: this yet!
text: Michael walks into the house without saying another word.
text: Lucy looks frustrated and concerned.
scene_heading: 130 INT. THE KITCHEN 130
text: Sam is at the table eating breakfast and reading a
text: vampire comic. Grandpa is pouring a cup of coffee. The
text: two brothers exchange a look, but say nothing.
speaker_heading: GRANDPA
dialog: Looks like I wasn't the only one
dialog: got lucky last night.
text: Michael doesn't reply. He glances down at the comic that
text: Sam is reading.
scene_heading: INSERT - VAMPIRE COMIC BOOK
text: A very bloody drawing of a vampire being staked through
dialog: the heart.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
text: walks away looking ill.
scene_heading: 131 EXT. IMPRESSIVE HOUSE, SANTA CARLA - MORNING 131
text: Lucy and Sam pull up in the Land Rover.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: That it?
text: Lucy checks the address she has written down.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Yeah. Not bad, huh?
text: Lucy reaches for a wine bottle with a note attached as
text: she gets out of the Rover.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: An apology for running out on
dialog: Max last night... Actually you
dialog: should be making this apology.
scene_heading: 132 ANOTHER ANGLE 132
text: She tries the main gate, but finds it locked.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: I better leave this on the front
dialog: porch or someone's just going to
dialog: take it...
text: She climbs over a low portion of the fence.
text: Lucy approaches the house. She sees Thorn sleeping on
dialog: the porch.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Hi, Thorn...
text: Suddenly, unexpectedly...
scene_heading: THORN ATTACKS!
text: Leaping to his feet -- charging from the porch -- GROWL -
text: ING viciously -- ribbons of saliva trailing from his
dialog: mouth.
speaker_heading: LUCY
text: turns and charges back toward the fence.
speaker_heading: SAM
text: jumps from the car.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Mom!!
speaker_heading: LUCY
text: drops the wine. It smashes on the sidewalk. She just
text: makes it safely over the fence, as...
speaker_heading: THORN
text: CRASHES into it -- bending the bars to conform to the
text: contours of his head. Thorn reels back, stunned -- but
text: finds his footing and begins to BARK at Sam and Lucy.
speaker_heading: SAM
text: comes to his mother's side.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You okay, Mom?
text: Lucy has skinned her knees landing on the sidewalk. But
text: she is more shaken than hurt -- and she feels very
dialog: foolish.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: I'm okay, Sam. I'm okay...
scene_heading: 133 EXT. BOARDWALK - DAY (LATER) 133
text: Sam and the Frogs walk toward the beach with their comics.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: We've been aware of some very
dialog: serious vampire activity in
dialog: this town for a long time.
speaker_heading: ALAN
dialog: Santa Carla has become a haven
dialog: for the undead.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: As a matter of fact, we're almost
dialog: certain that ghouls and werewolves
text: occupy high positions at City Hall.
text: They sit on the boardwalk steps.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I have something to tell you guys.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Not only is my own brother showing
dialog: systems of being a vampire... but
dialog: now I'm convinced my mother's
dialog: dating one!
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: That is very probable. What's
dialog: your reasoning?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Well... he only shows up at the
dialog: store after dark. And today,
dialog: his dog attacked my mom.
text: (whips a comic from
dialog: his back pocket)
dialog: Listen to this. From Vampires
dialog: Everywhere...
dialog: (he reads)
dialog: 'Vampires require a daytime
dialog: protector -- a Guardian -- to
text: watch over them as they sleep.
dialog: For it is during the day that
dialog: the vampire is most vulnerable.
dialog: Since they hold sway over animals,
dialog: fierce dogs -- the hounds of Hell
dialog: -- are often employed for this
dialog: purpose.'
text: The Frogs are completely convinced.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: I told you that comic would save
dialog: your life.
text: Suddenly Greg and the Surf Nazis appear and grab their
text: comics. In a flash they tear them to shreds and sprinkle
text: the pieces over their heads onto the sand. The Frogs and
text: Sam are enraged as the Surf Nazis walk off laughing to
dialog: themselves.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: I wish they were vampires so I
dialog: could nuke them in their hearts.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: How do you know they're not?
speaker_heading: ALAN
dialog: They wouldn't be out in the
dialog: daytime.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Exactly how many vampires have
dialog: you actually destroyed?
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: All together?
speaker_heading: ALAN
dialog: Zero.
text: Sam looks at them like they've been putting him on.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Hey, just because a Marine hasn't
dialog: seen combat, doesn't mean he still
dialog: isn't a Marine. Let's check out
dialog: your mother's boy friend.
text: They leave as CAMERA FOCUSES on shreds of vampire comics
text: in the sand.
scene_heading: 134 EXT. GRANDPA'S HOUSE - EVENING 134
scene_heading: 135 INT. MICHAEL'S BEDROOM 135
text: Michael is getting dressed to go out. More and more he
text: is looking like one of the Lost Boys.
scene_heading: 136 INT. THE KITCHEN 136
text: Lucy is making dinner. Grandpa sniffs the pots.
speaker_heading: GRANDPA
dialog: Smells good. When do we eat?
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: I told Max eight o'clock.
speaker_heading: GRANDPA
dialog: Max? You men we're having company
dialog: again?
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: 'Again'? Dad... you haven't
dialog: had company in this house since
dialog: Mom died eight years ago.
speaker_heading: GRANDPA
dialog: Right. An' now we're having
dialog: company again. I'll take mine
dialog: to go.
text: Michael enters.
speaker_heading: LUCY
text: Max is coming for dinner, Michael.
dialog: I'd like you to meet him.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Can't. Got plans of my own.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: There's only three weeks left of
dialog: summer, Michael. Things are going
dialog: to change around here when school
text: starts.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Gotta go, Mom.
scene_heading: 137 INT. THE LIVING ROOM 137
text: Michael heads for the front door. He opens it to find
text: Max just preparing to ring the bell.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Hey. How ya doin'? Michael,
dialog: right?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Yeah. Max... right?
text: An awkward silence as Max just stands there.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: You're the man of the house,
dialog: Michael. I'm not coming in unless
dialog: you invite me.
text: Michael thinks this is rather strange, but shrugs it off.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Come in, come in. I'm inviting
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Thank you very much.
text: Max steps across the threshold -- but is surprised to
text: see Michael continue out the door.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: See ya.
scene_heading: 138 EXT. THE HOUSE 138
text: Michael takes special note of Max's sports car as he
text: gets on his bike. He thinks it's pretty cool.
scene_heading: 139 INT. THE KITCHEN 139
text: Max enters, surprising Lucy.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Hello.
text: Lucy jumps.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Is it okay for the guest to see
dialog: the food before the dinner?
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: You're thinking of the groom not
dialog: seeing the bride before the
dialog: wedding.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Oh, right. I always gets those
text: two confused.
text: He follows her into:
scene_heading: 140 THE DINING ROOM 140
text: The table is set. Lucy sets down the bread. Max comes
text: up behind her, puts his arms around her waist and nuz-
text: zles her neck. She turns her face to his. Max is about
dialog: to kiss her when:
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Mom...
text: Max and Lucy look to see Sam standing there with the
text: Frogs beside him.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: These are my dinner guests.
dialog: Edgar and Alan. The Frog Brothers.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: (thrown)
dialog: Ah... I didn't know you were
dialog: having guests...
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Well if we're in your way we can
dialog: just eat peanut butter out of
text: the jar in the kitchen.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: No, no... there's plenty for
dialog: everybody... Oh, Max, this is
dialog: Sam... and the Frog Brothers...
text: She looks them over strangely but The Frogs and Sam only
dialog: have eyes for Max.
scene_heading: 141 INT. THE DINING ROOM - NIGHT 141
text: Everyone is seated around the dinner table. Edgar
text: and Alan concentrate on Max's behavior. Lucy serves
text: spaghetti from a large plate.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: This looks terrific, Lucy.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Boy! Somebody areound here sure
dialog: has bad breath!
text: The boys all look directly at MAx. But Lucy means Nanook
text: who is on her case.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Nanook, stop breathin' on me.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: C'mere, Nanook.
text: The Frogs exchange disappointed expressions.
text: Sam indicates Max's large plate of spaghetti.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: How about a little Parmesan
dialog: cheese on that?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Okay, Sam. Thanks.
text: Max takes the container and sprinkles some of the grated
text: cheese onto his spaghetti. Sam and the Frogs exchange a
text: conspiratorial look.
text: Max takes a mouthful of spaghetti and nearly spits it out.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Max! What's wrong?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: It's garlic!! I like garlic, but...
text: He sputters.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Quick -- drink some water!
text: Sam intentionally spills a glass of water onto Max's lap.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Hey! Easy!
text: He jumps from his seat, tries to mop up the spill with
text: his napkin.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Does it burn?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Burn?? Are you kidding? It's
dialog: freezing!
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Max, I'm so sorry.
text: Then, very casually, Edgar leans back in his chair and
text: flips off the lights. The room goes dark.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Oh, no. Now what?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Must be a circuit breaker.
text: We hear SCUFFLING of FEET, CHAIRS MOVING, people BUMPING
text: into each other in the dark.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: (in a whisper)
text: He's not glowing.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (whispering)
text: Hit the lights again.
text: And when the lights come back... Sam is holding a mirror
text: to Max's face.
text: Startled at being confronted unexpectedly with his own
text: reflection, Max YELLS. Sam and the Frogs all look into
text: the mirror -- annoyed to see that Max is producing a
dialog: reflection.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Sam! What's gotten into you
dialog: tonight?!
text: Max gets up from the table.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I think I know what's going on
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: You do?!
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Sure. I understand what you're
dialog: thinking, Sam. But you're wrong.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I am?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Yeah. I'm not trying to replace
dialog: your Dad... or steal your Mom. I
dialog: just want to be your friend.
text: Sam looks a little shame-faced. But not the Frogs.
dialog: Lucy follows Max to the:
speaker_heading: 142 ENTRYWAY 142
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: I'm really sorry, Max.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Our batting average isn't very
dialog: good is it? So far we're zero
dialog: for two.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: I don't understand Sam. He's
dialog: just not like this.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Boys Sam's age need a good deal
dialog: of discipline, or they walk all
dialog: over you.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: (defensively)
dialog: He doesn't walk all over me.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: (sweetly)
dialog: I don't want to fight with you,
dialog: Lucy. Come on. Let's give it
dialog: one more try.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Dinner at my house, tomorrow
dialog: night. I'm cooking.
scene_heading: 143 EXT. BOARDWALK - NIGHT 143
text: Michael is looking for Star, but he chances upon the Lost
text: Boys instead. David has his back to him. Michael comes
text: up behind him and spins David forcefully around.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Where is she?!
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Hey, take it easy.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Where's Star, David?!
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: If you ever want to see Star
dialog: again, then you better come with
dialog: us.
text: David gets on his bike. Michael is forced to follow.
scene_heading: 144 EXT. WOODS - NIGHT 144
text: The motorbikes pull up and park. Everyone climbs off and
text: begins to climb the high trees. David waits to be last.
text: He gestures for Michael to climb.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: What is this, David?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: You're one of us, now -- aren't
dialog: you?
text: Michael hesitates.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: You'll never see Star again if
dialog: you're not.
text: Michael looks at David for a beat, then begins to climb
text: the tree. David follows him up.
scene_heading: 145 CAMERA RISES OVER THE TREE TOPS 145
text: to reveal Greg and the Surf Nazis camping in the
text: distance. They have a fire going. They're drinking beer
text: and smoking dope and laughing with their girlfriends.
scene_heading: THE LOST BOYS
text: watch them from their vantage point high up in the tree.
text: What happens next happens fast. It's confusing and dis-
text: orienting. Much is suggested, but little is shown.
scene_heading: 146 ANOTHER ANGLE 146
text: The Lost Boys swoop out of the trees and attach the Surf
text: Nazis. Mostly, we just HEAR the NOISE and see shadows.
speaker_heading: THE SURF NAZIS
text: react in horror and confusion. CAMERA FINDS Greg running
text: into the water. David attacks viciously.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Hey, dude. My beach, my wave.
speaker_heading: 147 MICHAEL 147
text: stay behind in the tree. He witnesses the attack, but
text: doesn't join in. From the expression on his face, we
dialog: know that it is a horrible spectacle to behold.
text: He turns his face away. He looks like he wants to puke.
text: Sweat beads up on his forehead and the color drains from
text: his face. His breathing becomes heavy and his heart
text: begins to POUND POWERFULLY in his chest. The vampire in
text: him takes over and as the Lost Boys shout his name, he
text: feels compelled to join them, but he resists with all his
dialog: strength.
text: Dazed and frightened, he tries to escape down the tree.
text: All the while the SOUND of the VAMPIRE MASSACRE continues
text: in the distance. He slides gasping and sweating onto the
dialog: forest floor.
text: For a moment, he just lies there looking bewildered.
text: Then: SILENCE. The attack is over.
text: Approaching FOOTSTEPS CRUSH leaves and SNAP twigs.
text: Michael waits, unable to move. And...
scene_heading: THE LOST BOYS
text: emerge from the shadows wearing eerie, satiated expres-
text: sions, their eyes glowing dimly. They approach Michael.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: No you know who we are, Michael...
dialog: and who you are, too.
text: David's expression is calm and reassuring.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: You'll never grow old and you'll
dialog: never die.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: But you must feed.
text: Michael glances in horror toward the direction of the
text: Surf Nazi attack. David, Paul, Dwayne, and Marko walk
dialog: off.
scene_heading: 148 INT. SAM'S BEDROOM - NIGHT 148
text: All is dark. CAMERA IS CLOSE ON A PAIR OF BEADY EYES
text: which now reflect the opening of the bedroom door and
text: the entrance of a human form. It comes closer.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Michael..?
text: Sam turns on the light -- and we see that the "beady
text: eyes" belong to one of Grandpa's mounted owls.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I wish he'd stop giving me these
dialog: things.
text: Sam opens the closet, we see about a half-dozen other
text: mounted creatures on the shelves. He tosses in the owl.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I know everything.
dialog: Then: From outside the window --
speaker_heading: STAR
dialog: Michael! Michael!
text: Sam and Michael go to the window and look out. Star is
text: standing in the yard, in the moonlight.
speaker_heading: SAM
text: It's that girl from the boardwalk.
dialog: Is she one of them?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: STAR
dialog: I have to talk to you. Can I
dialog: come up?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Okay.
text: Michael turns from the window, races out the door into
text: the hallway. He is about to go down the stairs when:
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: She's one of them!
text: Michael turns -- and sees Star standing in the bedroom
text: doorway. She has obviously flown up and Sam is freaked.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Do you know where David took me
dialog: tonight, Star? Do you?!
speaker_heading: STAR
dialog: Yes... and I'm to blame for it.
dialog: If you hadn't met me... if I
dialog: hadn't liked you... I tried to
dialog: warn you...
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: That night in the cave -- that
dialog: wasn't wine they gave me to
dialog: drink... it was blood! David's
dialog: blood.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'm one of them, Star! I'm just
dialog: like them!
speaker_heading: STAR
dialog: Not yet... You're like Laddie and
dialog: me... Half-vampires... You're not
dialog: a full vampire until you've made
dialog: your first kill... You were
dialog: supposed to be mine... but I
dialog: couldn't, Michael.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: STAR
dialog: Because I love you...
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Then it's not too late for us...
speaker_heading: STAR
dialog: It's not too late for you to be
dialog: saved... but each night... it
dialog: becomes harder and harder for me
dialog: to resist killing...
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I know, I've felt it...
speaker_heading: STAR
dialog: I'm weak... Soon I'll need to
dialog: feed.
text: Sam gulps as Michael kisses her. Star senses something
text: and gets frightened.
speaker_heading: STAR
dialog: David's looking for me... I have
dialog: to go.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: You're not going anywhere...
dialog: (turning)
dialog: Sam...
text: In a wink, Star is gone... out the window. We don't even
text: see her leave. Michael and Sam lean out after her.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Star.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (calling after her)
dialog: Don't kill anybody until we get
dialog: back to you...
text: Sam goes for the phone.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Who are you calling?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: The Marines.
scene_heading: 149 INT. LIVING ROOM - NEXT MORNING 149
text: Sam opens the door and the Frogs enter.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Okay. Where's Nosferatu?
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: The Prince of Darkness.
speaker_heading: ALAN
text: The nightcrawler. The bloodsucker.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: El Vampiro.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: They're here Michael, come down
dialog: here!
text: Michael comes down the stairs looking weak and fragile.
text: Dark glasses perched upon an ashen face.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
text: This guy looks more like a zombie.
text: Alan reaches into his backpack and pulls out a
text: sharpened stake.
speaker_heading: ALAN
dialog: Should I run him through?
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: I've only got one question for you,
dialog: and I want an honest answer. Have
dialog: you taken any human victims yet?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Of course not!
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: If you're telling the truth, it
dialog: means we can save you.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: He's telling the truth!
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Aren't you, Michael?
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: To free you, we must destroy the
dialog: leader of the vampires.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: David.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: I don't want names! Just lead me
dialog: to him. Where's their nest?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I'll take you there.
speaker_heading: ALAN
dialog: You can barely stand up. Besides...
dialog: We can't trust you. You're practically
text: one of them.
text: Michael grabs Edgar by the arm.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I said, I'll take you there.
dialog: Nobody's going near Star without
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Okay, okay.
text: Michael releases his grip. Edgar rubs his arm.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Vampires have such rotten tempers.
scene_heading: 150 EXT. GRANDPA'S HOUSE - DAY 150
text: We are far out in the fields as Grandpa puts in fence
text: posts from the back of his pickup. He turns as he hears
text: his prize Chevy SQUEEL BACKWARD OUT OF THE GARAGE. Sam
text: leans out of the car yelling.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Grandpa, okay if we borrow the
dialog: car?
text: Before he can answer, the CAR SHOOTS OFF TOWARD TOWN.
scene_heading: 151 EXT. SANTA CARLA STREET - MIDDLE OF TOWN - DAY 151
text: The Chevy pulls up to a stop sign -- then doesn't move.
scene_heading: 152 INT. THE CHEVY 152
text: This is why: Michael has fallen asleep at the wheel,
text: his chin touches his chest.
text: A car behind HONKS. Michael wakes up an continues
text: driving. Edgar warns Michael.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Just so you know: If you try to
dialog: stop us, or vamp-out in any way,
dialog: I'll stake you without thinking
dialog: twice about it.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Chill out Edgar.
scene_heading: 153 EXT. CAVE/LOBBY ENTRANCE - DAY 153
text: The Chevy pulls up an parks. Everyone piles out. The
text: Frogs wear knapsacks in which they carry flashlights and
dialog: stakes.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Down there.
text: The Frogs charge ahead down the old stairs. Michael seems
text: to stumble. Sam supports him.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Sam... if something happens to me.
dialog: If I don't have the strength to go
dialog: on, promise me you won't let them
text: hurt Star.
text: Sam swallows hard -- overwhelmed by the possibility of
dialog: such a responsibility.
scene_heading: 154 INT. THE LOBBY/CAVE - DAY 154
text: Edgar and Alan step into the lobby and look around with
text: wide-eyed wonderment. A moment later, Michael and Sam
text: come up behind them. Sam is also amazed by what he sees.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: There's got to be a sleeping
dialog: chamber around here someplace...
text: As they search for the entrance to the sleep chamber,
text: Michael goes to the spot where he knows Star will be in
text: the far corner of the lobby.
text: Michael bends down to her. She looks like a sleeping
text: angel. He shakes her gently.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Star. You're coming with me.
text: She opens her eyes -- is surprised to see him, but hardly
dialog: has the strength to show it.
speaker_heading: STAR
dialog: Michael?
text: He looks around, sees a long hooded cape draped on the
dialog: bed.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: You've got to put this on.
speaker_heading: STAR
dialog: Take laddie.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: STAR
dialog: Save Laddie first.
text: Michael glances over to where Laddie is sleeping. Star's
text: eyes beseech him. Michael gives in to her wishes. He
text: begins to wrap Laddie (who doesn't awaken) in a blanket.
scene_heading: 155 ANOTHER PART OF THE LOBBY 155
text: Alan has found something and called Edgar and Sam over.
text: He's pointing to an opening in the top of the grated
dialog: elevator.
speaker_heading: ALAN
dialog: Feel it? Feel the draft?
text: Edgar shines a flashlight up there.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: It's an opening, all right. Let's
dialog: try it. Somebody give me a boost.
scene_heading: 156 EXT. THE CAVE - DAY 156
text: Michael emerges from the cave with a bundled Laddie in
text: his arms. The sun beats down. Laddie awakens. He looks
text: around with uncomprehending eyes. Michael adjusts the
text: blanket to keep the sun off Laddie's face.
text: Michael staggers up the old stairs.
scene_heading: 157 INT. TUNNEL WITHIN THE CAVE 157
text: Sam, Edgar and Alan have all entered the tunnel via the
text: elevator and now make their way down its long, dark
dialog: length.
text: FLIES begins to BUZZ around. Sam tries to swat them
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: We're on the right trail. Flies
dialog: and the undead go together like
text: ham and eggs.
text: Alan pulls a can of bug spray from his backpack and sprays
text: the air. Sam coughs.
scene_heading: 158 EXT. CAVE - DAY 158
text: Michael arrives at the Chevy with Laddie in his arms. He
text: opens the back door and places Laddie on the seat. Laddie
text: remains sound asleep as Michael makes certain that his
text: face is covered and away from the sun.
text: Then, turning away from the car, he heads back toward
text: the cave. It is obvious that he is becoming extremely
text: exhausted and rapidly losing strength.
scene_heading: 159 INT. CAVE TUNNEL 159
text: Edgar, Alan and Sam are frozen in place with mouths
text: hanging open. We don't know why until the CAMERA PANS
dialog: DOWN and we see:
speaker_heading: SKELETONS
text: of dead hotel guests, killed in the earthquake. They
text: still wear their period clothes. One holds a suitcase.
text: One wears the bellman's uniform.
speaker_heading: THE BOYS
dialog: summon their courage and continue on.
scene_heading: 160 INT. LOBBY/CAVE 160
text: Michael returns for Star. He looks awful. Star reaches
text: out and touches his hand. Michael wraps her in the hooded
text: cape and lifts her.
scene_heading: 161 INT. THE TUNNEL 161
text: The boys reach the end of the tunnel where a large opening
text: awaits them. A biting cold wind blows through the opening
text: and flies BUZZ angrily.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: What's that smell!?
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Vampires, my friend. Vampires.
text: They step through the opening into a small cavernous area.
scene_heading: 162 INT. PITCH BLACK AREA 162
text: Sharp, jagged rock formations protrude up from the chamber
text: floor. A network of webs and mossy vines hang from the
text: ceiling. Somewhere in the distance is the HOLLOW SOUND OF
scene_heading: DRIPPING WATER.
speaker_heading: THE BOYS
text: pan their flashlights across the scene -- but find no one.
scene_heading: 163 EXT. CAVE - DAY 163
text: Michael carries Star towards the car. He is weakening.
text: His legs buckle and he sinks to his knees. Star's hood
text: falls back revealing her face. Michael finds inspiration
text: in her beauty and struggles to his feet, lurching toward
dialog: the Chevy.
scene_heading: 164 INT. PITCH BLACK HOLE 164
text: Sam and the Frogs find nothing until they shoot their
text: flashlight beams UPWARD. And what they see causes their
text: hearts to skip a beat.
scene_heading: THE LOST BOYS
text: hang upside down from the ceiling like great human bats.
text: David is in front, with the others behind him.
scene_heading: ON SAM, EDGAR AND ALAN
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I thought they'd be in coffins.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: That's exactly what this place is.
text: One great big coffin.
dialog: (starting to climb)
dialog: Let's stake 'em.
speaker_heading: DAVID'S EYES
text: roll open. Yellow and glassy. His voice is from hell.
text: The whole cave shakes.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: You're all dead! YOU'RE DEAD
dialog: MEAT!
speaker_heading: THE BOYS
text: SCREAM and run for their lives. They scramble down the
text: rocky ledge. They cause such a commotion, that the other
text: Lost Boys open their eyes one by one -- glowing red in
text: the darkness of the chamber.
speaker_heading: 165 THE TUNNEL 165
text: The boys run through the tunnel, past the hotel guest
text: skeletons.
speaker_heading: 166 LOBBY/CAVE 166
text: They dash across the lobby.
scene_heading: 167 EXT. CAVE 167
text: They scramble up the stairs toward the car.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Michael! Start the car!
scene_heading: 168 EXT. BLUFF 168
text: They arrive to find Michael passed out beside the car.
text: Sam and the Frogs shove Michael into the front seat.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I'll have to drive!
speaker_heading: ALAN
dialog: We don't ride with vampires.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Fine! Stay here!
text: Sam hops in behind the wheel. The Frogs look back toward
text: the cave, exchange a look, and decide to make an exception
text: just this once. They leap in.
scene_heading: 169 INT. THE CHEVY 169
text: Edgar gets in front next to Michael. Alan gets in back
text: next to Star and Laddie. They find it very distasteful
dialog: to be this close to vampires.
text: Sam turns the ignition and the car FIRES UP. Hesitates.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Come on. Burn rubber.
text: Edgar STOMPS down hard on the gas pedal.
scene_heading: 170 EXT. HUDSON'S BLUFF 170
text: The Chevy ROCKETS backwards toward the cliff. Sam stomps
text: on the brakes.
text: TIRES SCREECH. The car comes to a skidding stop in a
text: cloud of dust -- its back fender hanging precariously
text: over the cliff.
scene_heading: 171 INT. THE CHEVY 171
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Burn rubber does not mean warp
dialog: speed!
scene_heading: INT. THE CHEVY - TRAVELING (LATER)
speaker_heading: ALAN
dialog: We blew it, Edgar! We lost it!
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Shut up!
speaker_heading: ALAN
dialog: We unraveled in the face of the
dialog: enemy!
speaker_heading: EDGAR
text: They pulled a mind-scramble on
dialog: us, man! It wasn't our fault!
dialog: They opened their eyes and talked!
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (looking in the
dialog: rearview)
dialog: Oh, no...
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: SAM
text: There's a cop behind us.
speaker_heading: ALAN
dialog: Quick! Look older!
text: Sam gives Alan a look.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: This is all we need! To be caught
dialog: driving without a license... and
dialog: in the possession of vampires!
text: Michael's head slumps against Edgar's shoulder. Edgar
text: pushes him away -- and Michael awakens.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Michael! Get behind the wheel.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Huh?...
speaker_heading: ALAN
dialog: They're gaining on us!
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (to Michael)
dialog: You gotta drive!
text: As the Chevy barrels down the highway, Sam and Edgar
text: assist Michael into the driver's seat. There is some
text: pretty dangerous climbing going on in the front seat --
text: and for a moment it appears that no one has actual
text: control of the car.
speaker_heading: ALAN
dialog: Red light!!
text: Michael, Sam and Edgar look up to see the stoplight.
text: The Chevy rushes toward it.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Brake, Michael! Brake!
text: Michael -- acting very dopey -- finally hits the brake.
text: But Sam must take control of the steering wheel because
text: Michael's hands keep slipping off.
scene_heading: 172 THE POLICE CAR PULLS UP BESIDE THEM 172
text: The cops look over at the Chevy with a good deal of
dialog: suspicion.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
text: They're looking at us.
speaker_heading: ALAN
dialog: They're gonna book us.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (to Edgar and Alan)
dialog: Shut up.
dialog: (to the cops)
dialog: Uh... excuse me... which way to
dialog: the Punk Rock Festival? We're the
text: opening act.
text: The cops just smile and shake their heads in dismay. The
text: light changes, and the cops speed off.
text: Everyone in the Chevy breathes a deep sigh of relief.
scene_heading: 173 INT. GRANDPA'S HOUSE 173
text: All enter. Michael carries Star in his arms. Sam and
text: the Frogs carry Laddie. As they approach the stairs,
text: Nanook comes racing up to them, BARKING loudly.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: No, Nanook! Quiet!
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Your dog knows flesh-eaters when
dialog: he smells 'em!
text: Nanook continues to BARK.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Take him outside, Sam!
text: Sam grabs Nanook by the collar and leads him away. The
text: others begin to climb the stairs -- when Grandpa appears.
speaker_heading: GRANDPA
dialog: Michael!
text: Everyone freezes in place. Grandpa looks the over.
dialog: They must certainly be the most curious group of people
text: he's ever seen going up the staircase.
speaker_heading: GRANDPA
dialog: (to Michael; continuing)
dialog: Do you know the rule about filling
dialog: the car up with gas when you take
dialog: it without askin'?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: No, Grandpa...
speaker_heading: GRANDPA
dialog: Well, now you know.
text: Grandpa departs. It takes a moment to register, then
text: everyone hurries up the staircase.
scene_heading: 174 INT. UPSTAIRS HALLWAY AND BEDROOMS 174
text: Edgar and Alan watch from the hallway as Michael makes
text: Star and Laddie comfortable on his bed. Sam comes up
text: the stairs, looks into the bedroom, then turns to the
text: Frogs.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Well... we blew Plan A.
speaker_heading: ALAN
dialog: Time to activate Plan B.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: What's Plan B?
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: We don't have one yet.
text: (looks at his watch)
dialog: And we only have two and a half
dialog: hours to come up with one.
speaker_heading: SAM
text: What happens in tow and a half
dialog: hours?
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: The dun goes down and they'll be
dialog: comin' for us.
scene_heading: 175 EXT. A SANTA CARLA CHURCH 175
text: The sun begins to sink behind the archway cross. CAMERA
text: PANS DOWN to find Sam and the Frogs charging in on their
text: bikes. They drop them, run up the steps into the church.
scene_heading: 176 INT. VESTIBULE OF CHURCH 176
text: The boys enter. A christening is taking place within the
text: church, but nobody notices as the Frogs pour the holy
text: water from the bowls near the doorways into their
text: canteens.
scene_heading: 177 EXT. THE BOARDWALK - THE OCEAN 177
text: The sun begins to set.
scene_heading: 178 INT. VIDEO STORE 178
text: Sam enters and goes running up to Lucy.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Mom! Listen to me! This is very
dialog: important! Santa Carla is
dialog: crawling with vampires!
text: Lucy reacts. A customer looks over at Sam. Lucy takes
dialog: Sam aside.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: What did you say?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Vampires, Mom! Everywhere!
dialog: You've got to tell the police!
dialog: The newspapers! The TV stations!
dialog: They'll listen to you. They'll
dialog: believe you... you're a mom!
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Not funny, Sam!
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: This is not a joke. They know
dialog: that we know about them. They're
text: coming to the house as soon as it
dialog: gets dark!
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Stop it, Sam. Stop it right now!
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: But, Mom...
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Not another word! I can't believe
dialog: you're doing this. I'm going to
dialog: see Max tonight and you're trying
dialog: to ruin it for me again.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: No, I'm not...
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: There's nothing wrong with Max. I
dialog: don't know why you don't --
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (exploding)
dialog: -- I'm not talking about Max! To
dialog: hell with Max!
text: Lucy reacts. More customers look over. Sam winces.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: I'll deal with you later, young
dialog: man.
scene_heading: 179 EXT. VIDEO STORE 179
text: Sam emerges from the store. The Frogs are waiting for
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: We're on our own.
text: Edgar and Alan exchange a look.
speaker_heading: ALAN
dialog: Good.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: That's just the way we like it.
scene_heading: 180 INT. GRANDPA'S WORK ROOM 180
text: Sam comes in to find Grandpa working on one of his
text: mounted animals.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Grandpa, the Widow Johnson called.
dialog: She said to pick her up a seven
dialog: instead of eight.
speaker_heading: GRANDPA
dialog: (confused)
dialog: Did we have a date tonight?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I guess so. She said not to be
dialog: late.
speaker_heading: GRANDPA
dialog: I better get cleaned up, then.
scene_heading: 181 EXT. GRANDPA'S HOUSE - FEW MINUTES LATER 181
text: Grandpa takes off in his pickup truck as the sun sinks
dialog: lower.
speaker_heading: MONTAGE SEQUENCE
text: 182 Michael locks doors and windows, boarding some up. 182
text: 183 Sam prepares bowls of garlic in the kitchen. 183
text: 184 The Frogs pour some holy water into a full bathtub. 184
dialog: 185 They fill water guns with holy water. 185
text: 186 Edgar and Alan supply camouflage makeup using a photo 186
dialog: in Soldier of Fortune magazine as their guide.
scene_heading: 187 INT. MICHAEL'S BEDROOM 187
text: Michael goes to the window. It looks as if his strength
text: is returning.
text: He pulls back the curtain and looks out. He has a
text: commanding view of Santa Carla. The sun has just dropped
text: below the horizon.
text: Michael turns to Laddie and Star who begin to stir from
text: their resting place on the bed. Star and Michael
text: exchange an anxious expression.
speaker_heading: STAR
dialog: They'll be coming for Laddie and
dialog: me, won't they?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: They'll be coming for all of us.
text: Then Michael goes to his closet and takes out a very
text: serious-looking hunting bow and arrow quiver.
scene_heading: 188 EXT. MAX'S HOUSE - EVENING 188
text: Max opens the door to Lucy and ushers her in.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Maybe this is the night where
dialog: everything finally goes right
dialog: for a change.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: I hope so.
text: Max picks up a note of concern in Lucy's voice.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Something the matter?
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: No, no. Just worrying about my
dialog: boys -- as usual.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: (getting her some
dialog: wine)
dialog: Let me tell you something about
dialog: boys. They're like weeds. They
dialog: grow best when they're ignored.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: (taking the wine
dialog: glass)
dialog: I thought you said they needed
dialog: discipline?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Well... what do I know? I'm a
dialog: bachelor.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Lucy... this is going to be a
dialog: very special night, I promise
dialog: you.
text: He starts to go, but she stops him. He looks confused,
text: then sees what she has in mind. She kisses him on the
text: lips. It last a long time.
scene_heading: 189 INT/EXT. THE CAVE - NIGHTFALL 189
scene_heading: 190 THE LOST BOYS' POV 190
text: Exiting the cave, and suddenly... we are flying!
speaker_heading: OVER THE OCEAN
scene_heading: OVER THE BEACH
scene_heading: OVER THE BOARDWALK
speaker_heading: OVER THE TOWN
scene_heading: 191 INT. MAX'S HOUSE 191
text: Max and Lucy are kissing passionately on the sofa when a
text: DISTANT NOISE is HEARD in the sky overhead. Lucy notices,
text: but Max is too involved to hear anything.
text: Thorn, however, sits up and begins to HOWL.
scene_heading: 192 INT. GRANDPA'S HOSUE - THE LIVING ROOM 192
text: Sam, Michael, Edgar, Alan, Star and Laddie are assembled
text: for final instructions. Sam and the Frogs carry loaded
text: water guns. Michael has his bow and arrow.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: I think I should warn you all:
dialog: It's never pretty when a vampire
dialog: buys it. No two bloodsuckers ever
text: go out the same way. Some scream
text: and yell. Some go quietly. Some
text: explode. Some implode. But all
dialog: will try to take you with them.
text: Michael and Sam exchange a look. Then, Nanook begins
text: to BARK from outside.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Nanook! I left him tied up in
dialog: the yard.
text: Sam rushes to the door.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Don't go out there! Stop him!
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Sam, don't --
scene_heading: 193 EXT. GRANDPA'S HOUSE 193
text: Sam races across the lawn in the moonlight toward Nanook,
text: tied up near Grandpa's vegetable garden.
scene_heading: EXT. VAMPIRE POV - FLYING OVER THE TREE TOPS
text: Moving toward Grandpa's house far in the distance. Sam
text: can be seen running toward Nanook.
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD
text: Sam reaches Nanook, who is now BARKING frantically. Sam
text: tries to untie him. Has difficulty with the knot.
scene_heading: EXT. VAMPIRE POV
text: Rushing in toward Sam and Nanook.
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD
text: Sam frees Nanook. The two of them run toward the house.
scene_heading: EXT. VAMPIRE POV
text: Sweeping in toward the yard. Sam running below.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON SAM
text: dashing toward the house as VAMPIRE SOUNDS fill the air
text: behind him.
speaker_heading: VAMPIRE POV
text: Now skimming over the grass -- speeding toward Sam and
text: Nanook. Getting closer... closer... closer.
speaker_heading: SAM
text: arrives at the door. Runs into the house as:
speaker_heading: VAMPIRE POV
text: has door SLAMMED in its face.
scene_heading: 194 INT. THE HOUSE 194
text: Sam leans against the front door, totally out of breath.
text: Everyone is relieved to have him back safely.
dialog: Then...
speaker_heading: DWAYNE
text: EXPLODES from out of the fireplace! Everyone SCREAMS.
text: Dwayne flies across the room kicking Michael in the face.
text: Michael goes down as Dwayne grabs Sam and lifts him into
dialog: the air.
text: Star grabs Laddie and rushes him up the stairs to safety.
text: Alan and Edgar swat baseball bats at Dwayne --
text: Dwayne, mid-air above them, still has Sam by the arm.
text: But Sam uses his free hand to draw his water gun and
text: spray Dwayne in the face.
text: Dwayne falls and CRASHES into the stereo, turning it on.
text: LOUD ROCK MUSIC begins to BLAST.
scene_heading: 195 INT. SAM'S BEDROOM 195
text: Star hides Laddie under the bed. She notices that the
text: bedroom window is not closed. She moves to close it when
text: it EXPLODES in her face and:
speaker_heading: PAUL
text: flies into the bedroom. Star SCREAMS.
scene_heading: 196 INT. LIVING ROOM 196
text: The boys hear Star's scream. The Frogs rush up the
text: stairs. Dwayne BELLOWS in protest -- and a beam of light
text: shoots out from his mouth. Sam continues to squirt him
text: in the face. The water burns his eyes, blinding him.
text: Enraged, Dwayne becomes a disgusting and hideous sight
text: with flashing fangs and purple face.
scene_heading: 197 INT. UPSTAIRS HALLWAY 197
text: The Frogs and Star collide in the hallway.
speaker_heading: STAR
dialog: It's Paul...
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: STAR
dialog: I don't know where he went.
text: Edgar glances around. Notices that the boys' bedrooms
text: are on one side of the house and Lucy's is on the other.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: (to Star; indicating
dialog: Lucy's bedroom)
dialog: Check that room!
dialog: (to Alan; indicating
dialog: Sam's bedroom)
dialog: You take that one.
text: Edgar takes Michael's bedroom himself.
scene_heading: 198 INT. MICHAEL'S BEDROOM 198
text: Edgar cautiously enters the room -- water gun drawn.
text: The bathroom door opens behind him and Paul quietly steps
text: out. He looks as horrible and nasty as Dwayne. His
text: face evil and rotting. His fingernails long and sharp.
text: Paul bares his fangs. They are yellow and bloodstained.
text: He is about to sink them into Edgar's neck when Edgar
text: senses his presence and spins around.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: (startled)
dialog: Ahh!!
text: Paul lunges, but Edgar SQUIRTS him in the face with holy
text: water. Paul YELLS and SCREAMS and flails his arms, but
text: Edgar continues to SQUIRT and SQUIRT, driving Paul back
text: into the bathroom.
scene_heading: 199 LIVING ROOM 199
text: Dwayne grabs Sam and is just about to gouge out his eyes
dialog: when:
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Duck, Sam.
text: Michael, recovered, releases an arrow. It WHOOSHES
text: through the air and sinks into Dwayne's throat.
text: Dwayne ROARS in horror and pain. So loud is his cry that
text: windows SHATTER and light bulbs POP.
text: Then, as if illuminated from within, Dwayne's body begins
text: to glow. It CRACKLES with electrical energy. HISSES and
text: FIZZES. Then vanishes from sight.
scene_heading: 200 INT. BATHROOM 200
text: Edgar shooting holy water as Paul backs into bathroom.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Alan! Alan! I'm almost out of
dialog: ammo!!
text: Sam and Michael's bedrooms are connected by the bath-
text: room. Alan hears Edgar's cry and enters the bathroom from
text: Sam's side, coming up behind Paul.
text: Alan sees the bathtub filled with holy water and has an
text: idea. He gets down on his hands and knees behind Paul.
text: Edgar catches on and head-butts Paul, knocking him back-
text: wards. Paul trips over Alan and falls into the tub with
speaker_heading: a SPLASH.
text: The water burns! Paul SCREAM and kicks. The water turns
text: to a frothy pink and yellow foam -- boiling up, spitting,
text: and shooting into the air like a geyser. Alan and Edgar
text: jump back. And in a moment... Paul is gone.
scene_heading: 201 EXT. ROOF 201
text: Shoots through the roof.
scene_heading: 202 LIVING ROOM 202
text: Michael and Sam are about to run upstairs when:
speaker_heading: MARKO
text: CRASHES up through the window in front of them, blocking
text: their path. Michael and Sam leap back.
text: Then, Michael looks up -- just as:
speaker_heading: DAVID!
text: crashes through another window. Hovering in the air
text: directly overhead; his back pressed against the ceiling.
text: Sam and Michael react as David SWOOPS down on them --
text: fangs exposed; claws extended. The boys leap away, but
text: David's claws rake across Michael's back, tearing his
text: shirt and drawing blood.
text: Marko SMASHES the living room lamps and the room goes
text: dark. Marko and David -- glowing dimly -- soar around
text: the room like bats.
text: Marko and David enjoy the superiority of the air, but
text: Michael has had enough. Sensing his own ability to
text: fly, he leaps into the air and speeds toward David.
text: Sam looks astonished... and Marko catches him off-guard.
text: He scoops him up and flies him into the kitchen.
text: Michael's flying is not pretty. He tumbles awkwardly
text: through the air. But his aim is good. He COLLIDES with
text: David in mid-air. Michael ricochets across the room and
text: David is propelled in a new direction as well.
text: The two of them careen from wall to wall like racquet
dialog: balls.
scene_heading: 203 INT. MICHAEL'S BEDROOM 203
text: Edgar and Alan, still flushed with their victory over
text: Paul, sit on the bed re-loading their guns with holy
dialog: water.
speaker_heading: ALAN
dialog: Did you see that sucker burn?!
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Man, we totally annihilated his
dialog: night-stalkin' ass!
speaker_heading: ALAN
dialog: Two down and two to go.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: (very serious)
dialog: Four to go.
speaker_heading: ALAN
dialog: Whattaya mean?
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Those two we brought back with us.
dialog: The girl and the kid. I don't
dialog: trust 'em. I say we terminate 'em
dialog: while we can.
speaker_heading: ALAN
dialog: You know what? You're absolutely
dialog: right.
speaker_heading: LADDIE
text: still hiding under the bed is listening to every word
text: the Frogs utter.
text: He begins to transform upon hearing the Frogs' plan.
text: His "human" eyes roll back into his head until his
text: "vampire" eyes -- glowing red slits -- take their place.
text: Laddie opens his mouth and a beam of light shoots out.
text: His fangs begin to descend... POPPING his braces off.
text: Edgar's and Alan's ankles dangle temptingly before him.
scene_heading: RETURN TO SCENE
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Death to all vampires!
speaker_heading: ALAN
dialog: Maximum body-count.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: We are awesome monster-bashers!
speaker_heading: ALAN
dialog: The meanest!
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: The baddest!
text: The Frogs are about to exchange another self-congratu-
text: latory high-five when... the mattress begins to erupt
text: between them. It bulges and heaves and...
speaker_heading: LADDIE
text: RIPS through it! Bedcovers are shredded and mattress
text: stuffing and springs explode into the air. Laddie has
dialog: transformed into the ugliest, meanest little vampire
dialog: imaginable.
text: Alan and Edgar SCREAM at the top of their lungs and
text: leap away from the bed in terror. Laddie virtually pulls
text: the mattress apart, climbs away and advances on the Frogs
text: who cower in the corner like the scared children they
dialog: are.
text: Star rushes in, sees what's happening, and steps between
dialog: Laddie and the Frogs.
speaker_heading: STAR
dialog: Laddie... NO.
text: The Frogs are amazed to see Star fearlessly put her arms
text: around Laddie like a comforting mother and calm him down.
text: And Laddie returns to normal before our astonished eyes.
scene_heading: 204 INT. THE KITCHEN 204
text: Marko advances toward Sam. Nanook GROWLS. Sam throws
dialog: anything he can get his hands on: Plates, toaster, cups,
text: silverware, etc. They bounce harmlessly off of Marko's
text: head and chest.
text: Marko continues to advance. Sam grabs the kitchen fire
text: extinguisher and SPRAYS FOAM into Marko's face. But it
text: doesn't stop him. Marko's long, serpent's tongue slips
text: out of his mouth and cleans the foam from his face.
text: Marko just keeps coming. He opens his mouth revealing
text: a blinding beam of light and long, jagged fangs. He
text: rushes toward Sam who grabs a round wooden napkin ring
text: and JAMS it into Marko's mouth.
text: The ring props Marko's mouth open and offers a convenient
text: opening through which Sam begins to stuff entire garlic
text: cloves. Marko's eyes blaze.
scene_heading: 205 INT. THE LIVING ROOM 205
text: David and Michael continue their aerial dog-fight.
text: Michael looks like he's getting the worst of it.
text: David gets the edge on him. He comes up under Michael,
text: grabs him by the waist and continues to fly upward until
text: Michael's head BANGS against the ceiling, knocking him
text: unconscious.
text: Michael drops to the floor.
scene_heading: 206 INT. THE KITCHEN 206
text: As Marko struggles to remove the napkin ring from his
text: mouth, and Nanook bites his ankles -- Sam continues to
text: stuff garlic down Marko's throat.
text: Suddenly, Marko starts to swell up like a balloon. Get-
text: ting bigger and bigger, until his face nearly disappears
text: into a puffy, purple ball.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Nanook! He's going to burst!
text: Sam and Nanook turn away as MARKO EXPLODES O.S. and gooey
text: green slime is splattered over the kitchen.
text: Sam barely has time to savor the thrill of victory before
text: something grabs him by the back of the neck and yanks him
text: into the air.
text: It's David. He flies out of the kitchen with Sam.
scene_heading: 207 INTO THE LIVING ROOM 207
text: UP THE STAIRS
scene_heading: DOWN THE HALLWAY
scene_heading: 208 INTO MICHAEL'S BEDROOM 208
text: Where he hurls Sam across the room. Star, Laddie, Edgar
dialog: and Alan are there as well.
text: David points his index finger... and a ribbon of flame
text: shoots out -- like a welder's torch. Everyone fearfully
text: steps back.
text: David "draws" a wreath of flame around the windows and
text: the door... sealing everyone inside. But he exits...
scene_heading: 209 INT. THE LIVING ROOM 209
text: Michael regains consciousness in time to see David
text: approaching him.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Just you and me now, Michael.
dialog: One on one. Fight to the finish.
text: Michael gets slowly to his feet, never taking his eyes
dialog: off David.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: It's over, Michael. You're the
text: only one left. They're all dead.
text: Sam and Star, too. All dead.
text: Michael doesn't believe him -- but he looks worried.
text: Then, David attacks. He leaps at Michael... and the
dialog: fight is on!
text: Michael grabs a wooden hat rack and swings it like a
text: bat. It connects with David's head, but David is
text: unphased. Michael swings again and David catches the hat
text: rack, yanks it from Michael's grasp and SNAPS it in two
text: as if it were a twig. Michael charges.
text: They tumble through the air, fighting fiercely. CRASHING
text: from one room to the next.
text: 210 THROUGH THE DINING ROOM 210
text: 211 THROUGH THE KITCHEN 211
scene_heading: 212 INTO THE BACK PORCH 212
scene_heading: 213 INT. UPSTAIRS BEDROOM 213
text: Where everyone is trapped. Sam and Edgar have their
text: ears pressed to the floor, listening to the fight below.
scene_heading: 214 INT. BACK PORCH 214
text: Michael and David SLAM each other into walls. Finally,
text: David picks up Michael's chest and propels him back-
text: wards, two feet off the ground, back --
scene_heading: 215 THROUGH THE KITCHEN 215
scene_heading: 216 THROUGH THE DINING ROOM 216
scene_heading: 217 INTO THE LIVING ROOM 217
text: Where David traps Michael against the wall, the barbell
text: pressed against his neck.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Give up, Michael! You're one of
dialog: us. Don't you understand that?
dialog: You're one of us!
text: Michael doesn't listen. He struggles, but can't free
dialog: himself.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Don't make me kill you!
scene_heading: 218 INT. UPSTAIRS BEDROOM 218
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: We have to help him!
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: How?! We can't get out!
speaker_heading: STAR
dialog: (after a moment)
dialog: I can.
text: Everyone looks at her. Star turns toward the burning
text: door, contemplates going through it.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON STAR
dialog: We realize that for her to go through the door she must
text: allow a bit of the vampire in herself to surface. A
text: subtle change comes over her... and she opens the burning
text: door and walks through it without harm.
text: Sam, Edgar and Alan exchange a look, then put their ears
text: to the floor again.
scene_heading: 219 INT. THE LIVING ROOM 219
text: David presses hard against the barbells. The weights
text: sink into the wall and the bar itself begins to crush
text: Michael's throat.
speaker_heading: STAR (O.S.)
dialog: Leave him alone!
text: David turns to see Star standing behind him. She holds
text: the pointed, broken hat rack in her hands.
text: David releases his grip on the barbells. They fall to
text: the floor. So does Michael -- holding his throat and
text: gasping for air.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: You can't kill me, Star.
speaker_heading: STAR
dialog: (trembling)
dialog: I will, David!
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: No, Star. Put it down. Put it
dialog: down.
text: Star's resolve begins to crumble. We realize that she
text: is incapable of killing David. He begins to approach
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: David!
text: David spins in Michael's direction. Somehow, Michael has
text: summoned up a hidden reserve of strength. He holds the
text: barbells in his hands.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Catch!
text: He pushes the barbells through the air toward David who
text: catches them instinctively. But their weight carries
text: him backwards -- directly into the pointed end of the
text: broken hat rack that Star holds.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Ahhhhhh!!
text: The hat rack enters his back, pierces his heart, and
text: exits through his chest.
text: David SCREAMS and BELLOWS and pulls out the stake.
text: Light pours from the hole in his body like a brilliant
text: searchlight.
text: Then David flies up and HITS the ceiling -- still HOWLING
text: and YELLING and SPARKING like a Roman candle.
text: Then -- like a balloon losing its air -- he begins to
text: deflate and ROCKET around the room on a wild, spinning
dialog: flight.
text: Star and Michael duck to avoid being hit.
text: David is heading toward the ceiling.
scene_heading: 220 INT. UPSTAIRS BEDROOM 220
text: Sam, Edgar and Alan have their ears presses to the floor
text: when suddenly, David EXPLODES through the floor only
text: inches away -- and keeps traveling upward, EXPLODING
text: through the bedroom ceiling as well.
scene_heading: 221 EXT. GRANDPA'S HOUSE - NIGHT 221
text: David CRASHES through the roof of the house and disin-
text: tegrates high in the night sky -- like a shooting star.
scene_heading: 222 EXT. UPSTAIRS BEDROOM 222
text: Sam and the Frogs looks at the hole in the floor, then
text: look at the hole in the ceiling... then see the wreath
text: of flames around the door and windows blow out and die.
text: They rush for the door.
scene_heading: 223 INT. THE LIVING ROOM 223
text: Sam, Laddie and the Frogs come down the stairs to see
text: Michael holding Star in his arms.
text: All is silent. And slowly they realize that they have
text: triumphed.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: (to Michael)
dialog: You destroyed David. His hold on
dialog: you has been released.
text: Sam notices that Michael, Star and Laddie don't look
dialog: pleased.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: What's the matter?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I... I don't feel any differently.
dialog: (to Star)
dialog: Do you?
text: Star shakes her head, no. They look at Laddie. He also
text: shakes his head, no.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: That means we still haven't
dialog: destroyed their leader.
scene_heading: 224 EXT. SANTA CARLA STREET - NIGHT 224
text: Grandpa's pickup rumbles down the street.
scene_heading: 225 INT. THE LIVING ROOM 225
text: Headlights sweep across the front window.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Someone's here.
text: Everyone looks toward the door -- and Max and Lucy enter.
text: They stop dead in their tracks.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Ohmygod...
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Mom!
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: What happened? Is everybody
dialog: all right?!
text: Michael and Sam don't know what to say or where to
text: begin. Then we notice that Max wears and expression of
text: pure anguish.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Where are my boys?...
text: Everyone looks confused.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Where's David? Where are the
dialog: others?!
text: Sam, Michael, the Frogs, Laddie and Star know what Max is
text: talking about, and they react in horror. But Lucy is
text: still in the dark.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Max... what are you talking
dialog: about?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: It was all going to be so perfect,
dialog: Lucy. One big happy family. My
dialog: boys... and yours.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: I knew it! You are a vampire!
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Vampire?...
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: But you passed the test!
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Michael invited me in. Never
dialog: invite a vampire into your house.
dialog: It renders you powerless.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: What?!
dialog: (to Edgar)
dialog: Did you know that!?
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Sure. The invitation protects them.
text: Sam glares at Edgar. As if to say, Thanks for nothing!
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Will somebody please tell me what
dialog: this is all about!?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: It's you I was after all along,
dialog: Lucy. To be our day time guardian.
dialog: I knew if we could bring Sam and
dialog: Michael into the faimly, there'd
dialog: be no way you could say no.
text: Max peels back his lips revealing his fangs. Lucy jumps.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I still want you, Lucy... I haven't
dialog: changed my mind about that.
text: Max advances toward Lucy. He is the meanest, nastiest,
dialog: foulest, oldest vampire of them all. And all the evil
text: and depravity that dwells within his soulless being now
text: manifests itself in his ghastly appearence.
text: Everyone SCREAMS.
text: He moves toward Lucy. Yellow eyes flashing. Fangs
text: descending below his jaw. Skin rancid. Breath foul.
text: Michael steps between Max and his mother.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I didn't invite you in this time!
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Michael!...
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Get out, Mom! Run!
text: Max ROARS and everyone is knocked to the ground and held
text: there by the sound. Everyone but Michael, that is.
text: He alone is left standing to face Max.
scene_heading: 226 OUTSIDE HOUSE 226
text: Grandpa arrives home.
scene_heading: 227 INSIDE HOUSE 227
text: Max scoffs at Michael.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Come on, boy. Come and save
dialog: your mother.
text: Michael and Max do battle. Michael is brave, but fool-
text: ish. He doesn't have a chance.
text: Holding Michael by the ankle, Max spins him over his
text: head. Michael hits against the walls and the bannister,
text: SNAPPING off the rails one by one.
text: Then, Max releases him and Michael sails across the room
text: and lands in a heap. Exhausted and defeated.
scene_heading: 228 WINDOW - GRANDPA WATCHES 228
dialog: 229 BACK TO SCENE 229
text: Max smiles to himself, reaches down and pulls Lucy to
text: her feet. Prepares to sink his fangs into her neck. She
text: struggles to get away.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Don't fight. It's so much better
dialog: if you don't fight.
text: He lowers his head to her neck. Lucy looks over his
text: shoulder, sees something through the front window. With
text: all her strength she pushes away from Max, and...
scene_heading: 230 GRANDPA'S TRUCK 230
text: SMASHES into the front of the house in reverse. The
text: truck stops, but the fencing material in the truck's
dialog: bed does not.
text: Several large fence posts CRASH through the picture
text: window... slicing through Max's body like knives through
dialog: butter!
text: Max ROARS in protest and in pain. The force of the
text: impaling propels him backwards into the fireplace where
text: his body becomes a VORTEX, drawing into it all that
text: surrounds it.
text: It sounds like the RUSHING OF THE WIND as furniture,
text: drapes, carpets, etc. are sucked into the space that was
text: once occupied by Max's body.
text: Lucy, Sam, Star, Laddie and the Frogs hold on to one
text: another for dear life, lest they get sucked in as well.
text: Michael, too weak to save himself, goes by -- but Star
text: and the Frogs are able to grab hold of him.
text: Nanook also finds himself being sucked in. But Sam grabs
text: him by the tail and holds him back.
dialog: Everything else that isn't nailed down (and some things
text: that are, like floorboards) disappear into the swirling
dialog: vortex.
scene_heading: 231 EXT. THE HOUSE 231
text: Grandpa, from his truck, looks up at the chimney and sees
text: the VAPORIZED CONTENTS of his house being spewed high
text: into the night air.
scene_heading: 232 INT. THE LIVING ROOM 232
text: Max's own head and limbs are consumed in the vacuum, and
text: the vortex beings to subside. Silence.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Everybody okay?
text: Everyone is able to get to their feet now. Sam sees
text: Max's driving cap on the floor. He picks it up and
text: tosses it into the now dying vortex.
text: Michael and Star trade joyful expressions.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: It's gone. I feel it!
speaker_heading: STAR
dialog: So do I!
text: They look at Laddie.
speaker_heading: LADDIE
dialog: Me, too!
text: Michael hugs Star.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Everyone accounted for?
text: Grandpa enters from the front yard. He surveys the
text: scene, then, stepping over the debris, heads into:
speaker_heading: 233 THE KITCHEN 233
text: and goes directly to the refrigerator. He pays no
text: attention to the mess or the gooey green slime that coats
text: the walls. He just opens the door and takes a diet
text: Root Beer from the second shelf.
text: He POPS the top, takes a long swallow and lowers the can.
speaker_heading: GRANDPA
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: The one thing about livin' in
dialog: Santa Carla I never could stomach...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: All the damn vampires.
scene_heading: 234 EXT. THE LOBBY/CAVE - NIGHT 234
text: The place is deserted. CAMERA PROWLS. Then, one by
text: one, KIDS begin to arrive. At first we don't recognize
text: them. But then we realize they are: The Runaways who
dialog: Lucy gave food to... Maria from the Video Store...
dialog: A couple of Surf Naxis... (and perhaps others.) They
dialog: are here to take up where the Lost Boys left off.
text: CAMERA PUSHES PAST THEM, toward the old mural painted
text: on the lobby wall. The mural depicts a typical day on
text: the boardwalk in the year 1900.
text: CAMERA MOVES CLOSER AND CLOSER TO THE MURAL.
text: And HOLDS TIGHT on one painted figure in particular:
text: A man in a straw hat. He's grinning broadly... and he's
dialog: most definitely Max.
speaker_heading: END
dialog: 
