scene_heading: THE SISTERS BROTHERS
dialog: Written for the Screen by
dialog: Jacques Audiard and Thomas Bidegain
dialog: Based on the Book by
dialog: Patrick deWitt
dialog: Black.
dialog: Insert: “Oregon 1851”
text: Distant detonations in the dark. Cries and shouts, distant as
dialog: well.
scene_heading: 1_EXT BLOUNT RANCH LANDSCAPE NIGHT:
dialog: 
text: A nightscape.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (0.S.)
dialog: Hey! This is the Sisters brothers!
dialog: The Commodore sent us. He knows you
dialog: have Blount. Hand him over and the
dialog: rest of you will live.
text: In the background, at first very far away, flashes of gunfire
text: and detonations. As we move in, we make out the shadow of a
text: farm, at times briefly lit up by long 45- caliber flames.
text: Screams.
scene_heading: 1A_EXT BLOUNT RANCH LANDSCAPE NIGHT:
dialog: 
text: The gunfire has ended.
text: Two men step out of the night in silence.
text: Eli Sisters, 40, his face heavy and gentle; Charlie Sisters
text: 35, thin and juvenile. The Sisters Brothers.
text: They reload their guns. Spare, precise gestures. Eli covers
text: Charlie. They reach the verandah. The house is silent.
text: There are two bodies sprawled out on the floor of the
text: verandah. Charlie rolls them over, looks at them and shakes
text: his head ‘no’. He points to the door. Eli kicks it in.
text: Charlie slips inside.
scene_heading: 2 INT. BLOUNT RANCH NIGHT:
text: Gunfire lights up the room. Two guns fire back. A silhouette
text: collapses.
text: Silence and darkness. Eli scratches a match and lights two
text: lamps. He hands one to Charlie. They walk around the room,
text: stepping over corpses. Four of them.
dialog: 2.
text: Lamp light on the corpses’ faces. One man is still breathing.
text: Charlie sits him up.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Where’s Blount?
text: Blood froths on the man’s lips. Charlie shakes him.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Blount?
text: The man coughs. Charlie finishes him off.
text: Something on the ceiling catches Eli’s attention: dust
text: trickling from between the planks.
scene_heading: 3 INT BLOUNT RANCH ATTIC NIGHT:
text: Up in the attic, dry and dark. A scared man cowers behind
text: bales of hay. Blount.
text: His hands scratch at the wooden slats of the roof, ripping
text: away straw and adobe.
text: He hears footsteps on the steps of the ladder.
text: He groans. In the hole of the roof, a chunk of sky appears,
dialog: the moon...
text: Footsteps on the attic floor.
text: Blount slips through the opening...
scene_heading: 4 EXT RANCH ROOF-NIGHT:
text: --- rolls, falls from the roof...
text: ... lies on the ground, the wind knocked out of him... He
text: sits up...
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Blount?
text: Blount turns around. Charlie barely aims. Shoots.
text: Blount collapses.
text: Charlie shoots twice to finish him off, then turns to the
text: ranch and reloads.
speaker_heading: ELI (0.S.)
dialog: Charlie! Charlie!
text: Suddenly: Eli’s voice is heard from above. Charlie steps
text: away. He looks up and sees his brother in the hole in the
text: roof, pointing to something.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: The barn!
text: He hears something galloping behind him. He turns around,
text: clutching his gun. A horse on fire gallops through the
dialog: landscape.
scene_heading: 5A EXT BARN BLOUNT’S RANCH-NIGHT:
text: The barn is on fire. Through the flames, we see the
text: silhouettes of horses panicking.
text: Shielding their faces, the two brothers try to penetrate the
text: inferno.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: I’m not walking home !
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Eli ! Don’t be fucking stupid,
dialog: let's go ! They’re just fucking
dialog: horses !
text: On his last try, Eli comes running back out with his coat on
text: fire. He rolls around on the ground to put out the flames.
text: Charlie helps him.
text: Helpless, they hear their horses neigh in terror.
scene_heading: 5B EXT BARN. BLOUNT FARM-NIGHT.
text: In the background, the barn is still burning.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: How many you think we've killed?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I don’t know, six, seven?
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Well, we fucked that up real good.
text: They disappear into the night.
scene_heading: 6A EXT COMMODORE’S MANSION-DAY:
text: It is gray and cold. Hard to tell if it is dawn or dusk.
text: The dark silhouette of a huge Neo-Gothic building. On the
text: gate, a sign with the owner’s coat of arms: a sun shining on
text: a globe, stamped with an anchor.
text: It is the Commodore’s mansion.
text: On the other side of the white fence, Eli Sisters is waiting
text: on a low-backed horse, slumped like a sagging sofa - “Tub”.
text: Eli is dressed sloppily, his stomach protrudes over his belt.
text: He looks at the horse attached beside him: a superb Spanish
text: Barb horse, large and muscled - “Nimble”. He shakes his head
text: in disbelief.
text: He looks back at the manor house. A silhouette appears at the
text: first floor window. It is his brother Charlie, in the glow of
text: oil-burning lamps.
text: Then another silhouette appears beside him, a smaller, white-
text: haired man, dressed in black: the Commodore.
scene_heading: 6B EXT. COMMODORE’S MANSION-DAY :
text: Charlie is coming back. He looks dirty and sloppy too, but
text: thin and naturally elegant.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: What did the Commodore say? Did you
dialog: mention the horses?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Let's go get a drink.
text: Eli tries to catch up with his brother.
scene_heading: 7A_INT. OREGON CITY - PIG KING SALOON-DAY:
dialog: 
text: The brothers are sitting in the back of a saloon. Not many
text: customers at the bar.
text: Charlie is drinking brandy. Eli is drinking less. Charlie
text: speaks softly.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: He said if there’d been a lead man,
dialog: we wouldn’t have had problems at
dialog: the Blount ranch.
dialog: He says for the next job, we need
dialog: to have a lead man.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: What’s it mean about money?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: More for me.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: No. My money, I mean. Same as
dialog: before?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Well, no. Less, obviously.
text: Eli makes a face. Charlie pours him a glass to keep him calm.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: The Commodore wants to pay for a
dialog: lead man, that’s fine. But it’s bad
dialog: business to short the man
dialog: underneath.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You're not asking what the job is?
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I’1l tell you anyways. We have to
dialog: go South and find Morris.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: The Commodore’s John Morris?
dialog: ..-And why do we have to find this
dialog: Morris?
text: Charlie downs his glass, he leans over to Eli.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: He’s after a prospector named
dialog: Hermann Kermit Warm.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Great. He can find him and kill
dialog: him. End of story.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
text: Morris is a scout, not a killer.
dialog: The mission is: Morris finds
text: Warm, he holds him, we come in and
dialog: finish the job. That’s the mission.
text: Eli thinks it over.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: What about the horses?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What’s your goddamn problem with
dialog: the horses?
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: The Commodore told us he would get
dialog: us new horses!
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Isn’t that what he did?
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: No. For you he got a new horse. For
dialog: me, he made room in his stable and
dialog: got rid of some horse meat.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Don’t you think we can talk about
dialog: this later?
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: No, I don’t need the horse later, I
dialog: need it now, for the job!
text: The bartender comes to take the bottle and get paid.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: The horse is fine, stop being a
dialog: baby.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Is it the words “go halves” that
dialog: you don’t like?
text: To the bartender, seeing that Charlie isn’t budging.
speaker_heading: ELI
text: The lead’s man paying
scene_heading: 7B EXT. OREGON CITY SALOON STREET DAY:
dialog: 
text: They cross the street to their horses.
text: We discover the town: a prosperous, thriving western city.
scene_heading: 8 EXT SISTERS HOUSE DAY:
text: In a prairie, a small log cabin. Their horses are tied in
dialog: front
scene_heading: 9 INT SISTERS HOUSE DAY:
text: The inside is rudimentary. Each brother is in what serves as
text: his room, packing for the trip. Charlie’s room looks like a
text: sty, Eli’s is clean and tidy.
text: On one of the “living room” walls is a framed landscape cut
text: out of a newspaper. Charlie shifts the frame to uncover a
text: hiding place. He gropes inside and pulls out a few bills,
text: then a few gold pieces. He counts them and places them in a
text: large wallet.
dialog: ool se
text: Eli cuts his hair in front of a dusty mirror. His long hair
text: falls on the ground strand by strand. He calls for Charlie's
dialog: help.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Hey, come cut the back of this for
dialog: me. Just cut it off.
text: Charlie smiles at Eli’s face in the mirror.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You look funny like that.
dialog: woe] oe
text: Eli takes a red woolen shawl from the dresser drawer and
dialog: folds it with particular care.
scene_heading: 10 EXT SISTERS HOUSE DAY:
text: Eli mounts Tub, who seems to buck under his weight.
text: He digs his spurs in the horse’s flank, the horse balks... He
text: joins Charlie.
text: The two men leave the log cabin and prairie behind.
scene_heading: 11 EXT RELAY STATION 1 DAY:
text: A relay station, further south.
dialog: 8.
text: Sitting at a small table in the shade of the verandah, a man
text: is writing a letter. His clothes are elegant and understated.
text: He is well groomed, fine-featured and strong. A handsome man.
dialog: John Morris, 35.
speaker_heading: MORRIS (V.O.)
dialog: Dear solicitor, my friend,
dialog: My father had vowed to do two
dialog: things. First, to do whatever it
dialog: takes to ruin my life. And second,
dialog: to disinherit me. He kept his word
dialog: for the first. Not for the second.
dialog: It surprises me, and I attribute it
dialog: to his declining health. In any
dialog: case, I want nothing of this
dialog: inheritance: not the titles, the
dialog: factory, the buildings or the
dialog: Westwood property... I want nothing.
dialog: I’l1l be back in Washington before
dialog: winter. We will deal with all these
dialog: details then.
dialog: I shake your hand.
dialog: Your friend, John Morris.
text: Across from him, the landscape pulses under the sun. John
text: folds his letter.
scene_heading: 12_INT/EXT RELAY STATION 1 DAY:
text: The letter disappears into a big leather sack marked “Mail”.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: When did the last wagon train pass
dialog: through?
speaker_heading: OWNER
dialog: Yesterday.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: I'm looking for a guy named Warm.
dialog: Hermann Kermit Warm, 5 foot 6,
text: lean, dark skin, no bags or gear.
text: He’s traveling in a wagon train.
text: The owner did not see Warm.
scene_heading: 13 EXT RELAY STATION 1 DAY:
text: John Morris heads back to his curly horse, built to ride long
text: and hard. They head down the trail.
text: The mare immediately launches into a perfect half-gallop.
dialog: 9.
text: Torso straight, feet in the stirrups, John Morris rides off
text: like a Mongol horseman.
scene_heading: 14 EXT OREGON COUNTRYSIDE DAY:
text: Tall grass blowing in the wind.
text: On their horses, side by side, the brothers slowly cross a
text: large, sloping landscape.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Gorgeous country, isn’t it? Odd we
dialog: haven’t seen anyone
dialog: since this morning.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: If we’d stayed on the trail, we'd
dialog: have come across more
dialog: people.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Yeah, but it’s nothing like what
dialog: they say. Supposedly the whole
dialog: world is searching for gold!
dialog: Honestly...
scene_heading: 15A EXT COUNTRYSIDE CAMP SISTERS 1 NIGHT:
text: They set up camp and finish eating by the fire.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: What did this Hermann Warm do?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: He stole something from the
dialog: Commodore.
text: Eli thinks it over.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Don’t you find it strange, all
dialog: these men foolish enough to steal
dialog: from such a dangerous man?
text: Charlie has no opinion.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: How do they even steal anything at
dialog: all? We know how cautious the
dialog: Commodore is.
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
text: Caution has nothing to do with it.
dialog: He does business in every corner of
dialog: the country, and even overseas. A
dialog: man can’t be everywhere at once. It
dialog: stands to reason he’d be
dialog: victimized.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Victimized?!?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Yes, victimized.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: The Commodore is «victimized»?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What would you call it? If a man is
dialog: forced to protect his fortune with
dialog: the likes of us?
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Not “victimized”...
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You're not going to start
dialog: nitpicking over every word. What’s
dialog: your problem? Are you upset?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You’re upset that I’m the lead man?
dialog: Is that it? If that’s it,just say
dialog: so. But stop splitting hairs...
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: I’m not splitting hairs! You’re
dialog: using a strange word and I’m
dialog: making you take notice...
text: Charlie drops his tin pan and goes to his corner to spread
text: open his blanket.
text: According to a well-established routine, Eli collects the tin
text: pans and silverware, and then stokes the fire.
scene_heading: 15B EXT COUNTRYSIDE. SISTERS CAMP 1:
dialog: 
text: Eli spreads out a first blanket, then lays a patchwork quilt
text: on top. He winds his pocket watch, puts it next to his
text: “pillow” and lies down.
dialog: 11.
text: Nearby, Charlie lets out a loud fart.
text: Eli checks his watch and moves the big hand up to the 9.
scene_heading: 15C_ EXT MOUNTAIN RIDGE DAY:
text: They climb up a steep path, spurring the horses on. They stop
text: at the top and let the horses catch their breath.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Ccould it be Miss Emilia Patridge?
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: It’s the schoolteacher who gave you
dialog: that silly red scarf...
dialog: (imitating him) The one you keep
text: folding and unfolding in secret?
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: It’s called a shawl. Am I not
dialog: entitled to any privacy?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Have you made plans with this Miss
dialog: Emilia?
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Plans?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: To marry her, start a family, have
dialog: children... something like
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: I don’t know. Why are you so
dialog: interested all of a sudden?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I was wondering about family. You
dialog: remember how Pa was with Ma?
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Yes, Charlie, I remember.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Makes you think... You’re not
dialog: scared to reproduce
dialog: yourself?
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You do realize that our father was
text: stark-raving mad
dialog: and that we got his foul blood in
dialog: our veins?
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Our father drank, Charlie.
text: Charlie looks at him seriously, then smiles.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: That was his gift to us. That
dialog: blood. That’s why we’re good at
dialog: what we do.
scene_heading: 16 EXT HILL WARM’S CARAVAN POV DAY:
dialog: 
text: TITLE: A FEW MILES AWAY FURTHER SOUTH
text: POV from a pair of binoculars: a caravan of three covered
text: wagons struggles up a hill.
text: We see the drivers whip their horses. The passengers get out
dialog: and push.
text: The binoculars remain on the wagons and men.
text: When they have reached the top of the hill, the passengers
text: climb back into the wagons.
text: The binoculars stop on the wagon bringing up the rear, and on
text: the man who just sat against the rear slat:
dialog: Hermann Kermit Warm.
scene_heading: 16B EXT HILL WARM’S CARAVAN DAY:
text: John Morris puts away his binoculars.
text: He starts off, at a distance from the caravan.
scene_heading: 17_EXT PIONEER TOWN DAY:
text: From the saloon door, Morris watches a house being built.
text: Warm is one of the workmen. He watches him saw planks,
text: assemble beams and direct the maneuver to hoist the facade.
dialog: 13.
scene_heading: 18 INT/ EXT. FRONTIER TOWN DAY:
text: At the end of the day, Morris sees the owner of the house
dialog: hand Warm some coins for his labor.
speaker_heading: MORRIS (V.O.)
dialog: May 15th. Myrtle Creek, Oregon.
dialog: The gold rush has made the
dialog: detective’s job much easier.
dialog: When you look for a woman, a man, a
dialog: horse or a dog, just follow the
dialog: gold.
dialog: And soon enough you'll find whom or
dialog: what you’re after.
text: Hermann Kermit Warm, eats messily,
dialog: 5 foot 6, lean, dark skin, no
dialog: friends, no baggage, no money.
scene_heading: 19 EXT/INT. PIONEER TOWN 01/ TENT CAMP DAY:
text: Morris sees Warm back in the encampment, where he pays a bowl
text: of soup, and lies for down on a cot.
text: He pulls up the cover over his head and lies still.
scene_heading: 20 EXT PIONEER TOWN 01 DAWN:
text: A wagon train is about to depart. Hermann Kermit Warm climbs
text: aboard the last wagon.
text: At the village outskirts, Morris waits for the caravan to
text: disappear before setting off on his own.
scene_heading: 21A INT PIONEER TOWN 02 TRADING POST DAY:
text: Charlie and Eli are covered in sweat and dust.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Sisters.
scene_heading: S-I-S-T-E-R-S, like sisters.
text: Behind the counter, a storekeeper in an undershirt and an
text: apron tenses up when he hears their name.
text: He stops looking through the mail left there to be picked up.
speaker_heading: STOREKEEPER
dialog: No, nothing. I’d have remembered.
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: No news is good news. What’s the
dialog: next town on the trail?
speaker_heading: STOREKEEPER
dialog: Myrtle Creek.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: How far?
speaker_heading: STOREKEEPER
dialog: Two days.
scene_heading: 21B INT PIONEER TOWN 02 TRADING POST DAY:
text: Eli walks around the store. Every possible accoutrement for
text: prospecting: pans, cradles, buckets, pickaxes, a dismantled
text: model of Long Tom, oil lamps, clothing made of fabric, of
text: leather... The store is dark and luminous at the same time. Eli
text: is enthralled, curious...
text: He stops in front of a small metal box. Inside, a small brush
text: with a wooden handle. He picks it up and studies it.
text: The storekeeper comes by.
speaker_heading: STOREKEEPER
dialog: Interested?
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: STOREKEEPER
dialog: A toothbrush, sir. To keep your
dialog: teeth longer and your breath
dialog: fresher. Look.
text: He opens a box of tooth powder and shoves it under his nose.
text: He sniffs. Smells good.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (0.S.)
dialog: What kind of boots do you have?
speaker_heading: STOREKEEPER
dialog: I'll be with you right away, sir!
scene_heading: 22 EXT PIONEER TOWN 02 SALOON STREET EVENING:
text: A small town, but lively. The brothers walk down Main Street.
text: Eli is carrying his small package from the store.
dialog: 15.
text: Charlie is freshly outfitted from head to toe. You can almost
text: hear his clothes crinkling.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: You know, when we stop, that’s the
dialog: kind of store I’d like to
dialog: have.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: When we stop what?
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Killing people! I believe I could
dialog: settle into a life like that.
dialog: Didn't it seem pleasant in there?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I'd die of boredom.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: It seemed peaceful enough to me. I
dialog: bet that man sleeps very well at
dialog: night.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Because that’s the point? To sleep
dialog: well at night? You don’t
dialog: sleep well at night?
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: No, and neither do you.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Me? You must be kidding. I sleep
text: like a baby.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Says you! You grit your teeth, and
dialog: sometimes you cry.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I cry?!?
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Yes, you cry.
text: Charlie stares at him, smirks.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What are you talking about? Are you
dialog: trying to tell me
dialog: something?
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: We're talking... I’m just telling
dialog: you the truth.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Yeah, right.
text: (he hands his saddlebags
dialog: to his brother)
dialog: Put this in the room. We’1ll meet up
dialog: later.
text: Eli crosses the street loaded down and heads for the saloon
scene_heading: 23 INT PIONEER TOWN 02 HOTEL ROOM EVENING:
dialog: 
text: Naive black and white drawings illustrating how to use the
text: toothbrush.
text: A small hotel room.
text: Eli brushes his teeth according to the instructions. He is
text: diligent and excessive, as if inventing a style.
text: He sits in front of the window overlooking the street and the
text: entrance to the saloon.
text: Eli blows into his cupped hands to smell his new breath.
scene_heading: 24 EXT PIONEER TOWN 02 SALOON STREET NIGHT:
dialog: 
text: Night has fallen.
text: Eli is in the street.
text: He finishes eating something, all the while looking out the
text: corner of his eye at the saloon.
text: Inside, Charlie is in the middle of a conversation with a man
text: in a suit and hat. They have both been drinking. Charlie
text: admires the revolver hanging from his belt. The man hands it
text: to him. Charlie weighs it in his hand. He likes its
text: proportions. When he hands it back, his mouth is smiling, but
text: not his eyes.
scene_heading: 25 EXT PIONEER TOWN 02 / TENT ENCAMPMENT NIGHT:
dialog: 
text: Eli wanders through the tents at the town limits. There are
text: people in all kinds of attire, speaking all kinds of
text: languages, guttural and crystalline.
dialog: 17.
text: He notices Russian astrakhan hats and the strange pointy ones
dialog: of Shtetl Jews.
text: Leaning over a cauldron, a woman sells soup for a few cents.
text: She serves him a bowl. He eats.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: It’s good. Is it vegetables?
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Bortsch.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: I taste dill.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Bortsch !
text: The woman does not understand. He gives up.
text: He hears chanting from behind. He approaches. Finishing his
text: soup, he watches a family observe the Sabbath ritual.
scene_heading: 26 INT/EXT HOTEL ROOM NIGHT:
text: Eli is asleep. Shouts, gunshots coming from the street wake
text: him up. He grabs his gun and runs to the window.
text: Down below, in the middle of the street, Charlie is teetering
text: with a gun in each hand.
text: He shoots into the air.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Five... Six... are you counting?
dialog: Seven, eight... Nine! Oh where did
dialog: you go? Where did you go ?
text: The saloon and the street empty. Silhouettes cautiously hug
text: the facades. The street is now deserted.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You fucking cowards... No one wants
dialog: to measure themselves up against
dialog: Charlie Sisters?!
dialog: No one really?
text: Eli goes back to bed.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Go home you fools...
dialog: 18.
scene_heading: 27 INT HOTEL ROOM NIGHT:
text: The noise is coming closer. When the door opens, Eli turns to
text: the wall and shuts his eyes. The room now echoes with
text: Charlie’s heavy breathing and groans.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (0.S.)
dialog: +. And that idiot, fast asleep...
dialog: What good are you?...
dialog: Damn, if you weren’t my brother,
dialog: I'd have ditched you ages ago...
dialog: Even the Commodore wanted to ...
dialog: “Why do you carry around that dead
dialog: weight?”... “Because he’s my
dialog: brother, I answered.
dialog: We all have our fucking crosses to
dialog: bear!"”... He appreciated how loyal
dialog: I am. “Faith will be repaid with
dialog: faith,” he said.
text: A beat. Then suddenly, right next to Eli’s ear, the click of
text: a revolver being cocked. Eli opens his eyes and looks at his
text: brother. Above him, Charlie’s revolver is aimed at him.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: -.. Tst-tst... It’s not nice to
dialog: fake it.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Go to sleep.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Can I ask you a question, brother?
dialog: Who can have faith in you?
dialog: Real faith? Huh?
text: He lifts his hand sententiously and stumbles off to bed.
scene_heading: 28 EXT WILLAMETTE VALLEY DAY:
text: They are riding their horses across the Willamette Valley.
text: Eli is sullen. Charlie is riding behind, slumped over
text: Nimble’s neck. All of a sudden, Eli hears a big thump. Jaded,
dialog: he stops Tub...
text: He dismounts and steps toward Charlie, lying on the ground.
text: He lifts him up, not gently. His new outfit is now dirty.
text: Charlie feels nauseous.Eli turns around. He hears Charlie
text: vomit. Eli grabs him roughly and helps him back into the
dialog: saddle.
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Don’t judge me, please. Some days
dialog: we're stronger than others.
scene_heading: 29 EXT WILLAMETTE VALLEY DAY:
text: They are riding one behind the other.
text: Eli remains silent. Charlie is feeling a bit better.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You okay?
text: Charlie catches up to ELi.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Are you pouting?
dialog: No answer.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Is it because I drank?
text: Eli feels Charlie staring at him. He stops Tub.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Listen, either ride in front or
dialog: ride in back, but I don’t feel
dialog: like talking.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: It’s just like I said: you’re
dialog: pouting. You’re ruining the
dialog: atmosphere on purpose. We could
dialog: have had a delightful day and you
dialog: took it on yourself to ruin it...
dialog: Oh, fuck it. Pout if you want to.
text: He spurs Nimble and takes the lead.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Well, if you insist on pouting, you
dialog: should give it your all. Give
dialog: us a full pout, Eli. You must stew
dialog: and hate and revisit all the
dialog: slights I offered you in childhood.
dialog: Don’t you forget a single one!
text: Eli smiles slightly.
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: No, you mustn’t smile when pouting!
dialog: It’s wrong and you
dialog: know it’s wrong!
scene_heading: 30 EXT PIONEER CITY 03 DAY:
text: Heavy fog. Another pioneer town on the trail. As usual, there
text: is one main street, wood houses and store signs.
text: John Morris shakily crosses the muddy street on wooden planks
dialog: that have been laid down.
scene_heading: 31A INT PIONEER CITY 03 / SALOON DAY:
dialog: 
text: Morris is having dinner at a table in the back. Without
text: having to look up from his notebook, he feels Warm’s presence
text: at the bar. Dirty, muddy, haggard.
speaker_heading: MORRIS (V.O.)
dialog: May 17th, Wolf Creek. I travel
dialog: through places that didn’t exist 3
dialog: months ago. First there are tents,
dialog: then houses, then 2 months later
dialog: shops with women fiercely
dialog: discussing the price of flour. I
dialog: found this line by Thoreau. “This
dialog: town too lies out”...
text: At one point, he senses Warm’s shadow by his side.
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: We've seen each other before?
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: No I don’t think so.
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: You were in Myrtle Creek two days
dialog: ago.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Yes I was, like many other folk.
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: Are you heading down to San
dialog: Francisco?
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: No, just to Jacksonville.
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: Work?
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Yes, work.
text: Warm is now sitting two tables away.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: And you, San Francisco? Gold?
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: Yes, like many other folk.
text: A beat. Warm looks at him with a strange smile. Morris is
text: almost embarrassed.
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: May I tell you something, sir?
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Of course.
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: Typically, when a man wishes
dialog: another man good day, he smiles
text: while facing the other person, but
text: once he passes by, the smiles drops
dialog: from his face. Not you. Your smile
dialog: remains on your lips after you have
text: turned away.
text: Warm’s candor and good nature throw Morris for a loop.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: (embarassed)
dialog: Well I... I’ve hadn’t noticed...
dialog: It’s common courtesy.
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: It’s not only that. You take a
dialog: genuine pleasure in communing with
dialog: others. Am I mistaken?
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: I honestly do not know. (a beat)
dialog: Would you like to join me for
dialog: lunch?
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: I'd have loved to, but I am a bit
text: hard up at the moment.
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: As my guest, of course.
scene_heading: 31B INT FRONTIER CITY 03 / SALOON DAY:
dialog: 
text: The two men are having dinner.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: And what takes you to Jacksonville?
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Business to settle. I’m meeting two
dialog: of my associates there.How are you
dialog: making your way south?
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: I have a seat in a covered wagon.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: How long do you think till you
dialog: reach Frisco?
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: The question is not how long before
dialog: I get there, the question is what
dialog: state will I be in when I do. If I
dialog: do. To be honest with you, my faith
dialog: in my hosts is very limited.
dialog: They've rifled through my
dialog: belongings several times and every
dialog: time I take out my money, their
text: eyes are like daggers.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Mr Warm. You ought to not endanger
dialog: yourself in that way. You have to
dialog: be more careful than that
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: What other choice do I have?
scene_heading: 32 EXT PIONEER TOWN 03 / HORSE DEALER DAY:
dialog: 
text: A corral. Horses, mules and oxen.
text: The horse dealer shows Warm some mules. Morris examines them.
speaker_heading: HORSE DEALER
dialog: 50, horseshoes included.
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: HORSE DEALER
dialog: 35 is for a mule!
speaker_heading: MORRIS
text: 40, with the saddle, bag and shoes.
speaker_heading: HORSE DEALER
dialog: Hey listen to me if you want to by
dialog: a horse you pay the price for a
dialog: horse.
text: Morris examines the mare’s hooves.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: You're never gonna sell this horse.
dialog: Not at 50, not at 40... She’s a bad
dialog: hip, anyone’d see that with an eye.
dialog: 40! 40.
speaker_heading: HORSE DEALER
dialog: But...
speaker_heading: MORRIS (0.S)
dialog: Gentlemen I have found him. I have
dialog: managed to make an acquaintance and
dialog: have arranged to travel with him.
dialog: If all goes well we should be in
dialog: Jacksonville...
scene_heading: 33_EXT PIONEER TOWN 03 TRAIL DAWN:
text: Morris and Warm are riding side by side, chatting. They leave
text: the slow covered wagons behind.
speaker_heading: MORRIS (V.O.)
dialog: win seven days... I will try to
dialog: hold him until your arrival and
dialog: find a secluded place to hand him
dialog: over.
scene_heading: 34 INT RELAY STATION 2 DAY:
text: A relay station on the trail, for horses and stagecoaches.
text: Eli finishes reading the message from Morris:
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: «Make haste. John Morris.»
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: One good point for Morris, even if
dialog: I don’t like the... “Make haste.”
dialog: Who does that asshole think he is?
text: He turns to the horse-dealer in charge of the place.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: When did they pass through?
speaker_heading: HORSE DEALER
dialog: Four days ago.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Is there a faster way to
dialog: Jacksonville, off trail?
speaker_heading: HORSE DEALER
dialog: Well, it’s rougher to go up the
dialog: mountains but you’ll save a couple
dialog: of days.
scene_heading: 35 EXT FOREST MOUNTAIN ROAD DAY:
text: They climb switchbacks up a mountain road.
text: A forest looms before them, like a dark green wall. Their
text: silhouettes disappear behind the line of trees.
scene_heading: 36 EXT CAMP SISTERS 2 NIGHT:
text: Eli is woken by groaning. He turns toward Charlie. He stands
text: up and leans over him.
text: Tears are flowing from Charlie’s closed eyes. He whimpers and
text: groans in his sleep.
text: Eli feels moved by his brother’s pain. He wavers, then puts
text: out his hand to wake him. Charlie’s eyes suddenly pop open.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Peek-a-boo !
text: Eli jumps up. Charlie bursts out laughing.
text: He clutches his stomach. Eli looks peeved. Charlie imitates
dialog: Eli.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Fool!
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I thought you were going to kiss
dialog: me!
text: The blankets shake as they laugh uncontrollably.
scene_heading: 37_EXT FOREST/BURN WAGON DAY:
text: They ride, tiny among the tall trees. Their voices and
text: hoofbeats echo among the trunks. After a beat:
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: The rain muddied it all up. I can’t
dialog: see a thing. What do you think?
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: We must be able to pick up the
text: trail somewhere.
text: They split up.
text: Eli rides alone, looking for the trail. He turns back from
text: time to time, but no longer sees his brother.
text: He is overtaken by a feeling of dread.
text: He spots some ruts, some hoof prints... He whistles:
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Over here !
text: He continues onward and finds the remains of a wagon, an
text: animal carcass... and human bones.
text: He dismounts. The wagon has obviously been plundered. He
text: kicks at some pathetic scraps. A piece of paper catches his
text: eye. He unfolds it, wipes it clean and tries to make out the
text: writing. He hears Charlie arrive. He slips the paper into his
text: jacket and gets back on Tub.
scene_heading: 37B EXT. FOREST/INDIANS. DAY:
text: They are riding, Charlie in front, Eli behind deciphers the
text: letter he found among the debris.
speaker_heading: ELI (OFF)
dialog: “Dear Mother,
dialog: I feel lonely and the days are long
dialog: here. My horse has passed and he
dialog: was a close friend. I think of your
dialog: cooking and wonder what I’m doing
dialog: here. I believe I will come home
dialog: soon.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: ELI (OFF) (CONT'D)
dialog: I have almost 200 dollars in gold
dialog: dust. It’s not the pile I'd hoped
dialog: for, but good enough for now.
dialog: The smell of smoke in still my
dialog: nostrils and I haven’t had a
dialog: laughed in such a long time.
dialog: Mother! I think I will leave here
dialog: very soon. With all my love,
dialog: Your son”
scene_heading: 38 EXT FOREST CAMP SISTERS 3 NIGHT :
dialog: 
text: Smoldering embers in the fire.
text: Eli is asleep, wrapped in his patchwork quilt. He half- opens
text: his eyes and sees his brother by the light of the embers, his
text: gun across his lap. A fine watchman.
text: He shuts his eyes, feeling reassured. Close on black.
text: Open on extreme CU: A hairy spider climbs up Eli’s neck. It
text: reaches his neck. It remains there for a beat, as if to get
text: its bearings. When Eli’s mouth opens, it disappears inside.
text: Close on black.
scene_heading: 39 EXT CARAVAN CAMP WARM/MORRIS NIGHT 38A:
dialog: 
text: A starry sky.
text: Morris walks up to the horses. Behind him, a few dozen feet
text: away, there’s another campfire with a few prospectors having
dialog: dinner.
text: Morris opens Warm’s small bag and discovers some clothes,
text: uninteresting artefacts, a conversion table, a slide rule, a
dialog: chemistry handbook and a few notebooks with “This notebook
text: belongs to H.K. Warm” written on the cover.
text: He opens of those: pages filled with calculations and
dialog: formulas.
text: He hears footsteps behind him and goes back near the fire.
text: Warm comes up, he’s holding some bowls and cups of coffee.
scene_heading: 39B EXT CARAVAN CAMP WARM/MORRIS NIGHT:
dialog: 
text: They are eating.
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: I’ve only just noticed that’s the
dialog: only bag you have? I guess you’re
dialog: gonna have to buy gear when you get
dialog: to San Francisco.
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: I don’t need equipment.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: You're going to look for gold ina
text: river without a shovel, a pail, a
dialog: cradle...
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: This is the great challenge all
dialog: prospectors face. How do I get
dialog: what’s just beneath my feet?
dialog: There’s only two solutions of
dialog: course: hard labour and good luck.
dialog: I’ve been working on a third
dialog: solution for many years. One that
text: is simpler, faster, more certain.
dialog: And I think today I found it.
text: Morris stares in disbelief.
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: You don’t believe me.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: No offence, Warm, frankly I’m
dialog: having a hard time.
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: You know it’s funny, people usually
dialog: don't believe me, and then when
dialog: they do, they want to kill me.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: What is this idea?
text: Morris looks at him. Warm smiles.
text: After a beat.
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: Well I told you I’m a chemist. It’s
dialog: the idea of a chemist, it’s a
dialog: formula.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: “Abracadabra”?
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: No, a divining substance.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: A divining substance you... you mix
dialog: in the river water?
text: Warm nods.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: This formula... this diviner...
dialog: call it what you may... as a man of
dialog: science, have you ever tested it?
scene_heading: 40 EXT FOREST CAMP SISTERS 3 DAY:
text: The sun has trouble piercing through forest and mist.
text: Charlie is on his feet. Next to him, Eli’s blanket doesn't
text: move. He gives his brother a kick.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Eli wake up !
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: I don’t feel good...
text: Charlie lifts up the blanket. Eli is hunched up, shivering.
text: His head has swollen to twice its size. It is a different
dialog: color.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Oh shit what happened to your face?
text: Eli answers inaudibly.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: I don’t know.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: It’s all swollen and your neck!
dialog: You look like... one of those dogs,
dialog: what is it, the... The Mastiff!
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Fuck you! I’m sick.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: All right sit up. Let me look at
dialog: you.
text: Eli opens his mouth. Charlie looks inside and makes a face.
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
text: Got a gallon of blood sloshing
dialog: around in there!
text: Charlie helps him sit up.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You think you can sit in a saddle?
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: I don’t know, I’m freezing.
text: Eli’s head bobs.
scene_heading: 41 EXT FOREST EVENING
text: Pouring rain. An occasional flash of lightning lights up the
text: tree trunks. Charlie leads them on. Eli holds on, rocked back
dialog: and forth.
text: Semi-unconscious, Eli hunches over Tub’s neck. The horse
text: trips. Eli’s teeth clatter and he shouts in pain. Bloody spit
text: trickles onto Tub’s neck.
text: Charlie hands him a wad of tobacco.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Stick this between your teeth.
dialog: It’ll stop them from chattering.
dialog: We're going to have to hurry if we
dialog: want to outrun the storm.
text: He takes the reins of Eli’s horse.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: You holding on?
text: Eli grabs onto the saddle knob.
scene_heading: 42A EXT. FOREST/ SISTERS CAMP NIGHT:
dialog: 
text: Charlie struggles to open an oilcloth, like a sail slapping
text: in the wind.
text: He stretches it between two trees then unfolds another one
dialog: underneath...
text: He lays Eli down on it and covers him with blankets.
text: Eli shivers.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: I’m tired, Charlie...
text: He closes his eyes. Black.
scene_heading: 42B EXT. NIGHTMARE/ FOREST. NIGHT:
text: Wind roars, rain patters.
dialog: Open.
text: Eli’s low-angle POV: In a sudden flash of lightning,
text: shadow of a man’s face cuts out in the light of dawn.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: There you are my sweeties.
speaker_heading: ELI (OFF)
dialog: Pa... Pa...
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: I’ve looked all over for you.
text: The silhouette’s man chopping wood with an axe.
text: We move in slowly, we hear choked breathing.
speaker_heading: ELI (OFF)
dialog: Pa?!
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Come closer, let me take you in my
dialog: arms.
speaker_heading: ELI (OFF)
dialog: No... No!
dialog: 30.
dialog: the
text: We come nearer and find arms and legs on the chopping block,
text: and his feet red with blood.
dialog: Black.
scene_heading: 42C EXT FOREST CAMP SISTERS 4 NIGHT:
text: Eli opens his eyes.
text: He takes a moment to observe the trees: they slowly sway,
text: water drips from their leaves, they straighten up. His head
text: looks less swollen.
text: He sticks a finger in his mouth, retches and spits out bloody
dialog: phlegm.
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You okay?
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: I think so.
text: Charlie, naked, squats next to a dying fire, trying to warm
text: up some beans. His clothes are stretched out around the fire.
text: Eli comes to. A huge brown clump between their camp and the
text: horses catches his eye: the corpse of a grizzly bear.
text: He stands up.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Well, this gentleman wandered into
dialog: the camp last night.
text: Eli goes over to look at the grizzly’s cadaver in the mud.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: He got your horse real good. He
dialog: went right for him.
text: Eli goes over to Tub, still shaking: The bear ripped away
text: some of his nose. A damaged left eye under a bloody lid.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: It’s the horses that woke me up.
dialog: What a fucking night!
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: I had a dream about Pa’ last night.
text: Charlie throws away the beans, stands up and gathers up his
dialog: clothes.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Well that’s perfect !
dialog: I'm sick of this place. It reeks of
dialog: death, everything is fucking
dialog: soaked. Let’s go!
scene_heading: 43 INT JACKSONVILLE MORRI’S ROOM DAY:
dialog: 
text: Morris washes his hands and face at the basin.
dialog: 32.
text: He dries himself off and surprises his reflection in the
dialog: mirror.
text: He looks at himself.
scene_heading: 44 EXT JACKSONVILLE HOTEL DAY:
text: In front of the Motel, Morris asks a man for directions.
scene_heading: TITLE: JACKSONVILLE OREGON.
speaker_heading: MAN:
text: Third house, on the right.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Thank you.
scene_heading: 45A EXT JACKSONVILLE WAREHOUSE DAY:
dialog: 
text: Morris takes a walk around. Once he gets away from the
text: trail, things become quiet. He checks out passersby as if
dialog: counting them.
text: On the outskirts of town, behind a sort of hangar, he spots a
dialog: shack.
scene_heading: 45B EXT JACKSONVILLE WAREHOUSE DAY:
dialog: 
text: He pushes open the door: hay, not much light. Through the
text: wood slats in the wall, the town, far enough away.
scene_heading: 46 INT JACKSONVILLE HOTEL CORRIDOR DAY:
dialog: 
text: Morris opens the door to his room.
scene_heading: 47 INT JACKSONVILLE HOTEL MORRIS’S ROOM DAY:
dialog: 
text: His saddle bags and knapsack are still on the floor. He puts
text: his knapsack on the bed, opens it...
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Shit...
text: He goes to the window and peers into the street. No one. He
text: heads to the door and opens it:
text: Warm is on the landing, a pair of handcuffs dangling from one
text: hand and, in the other, a Colt aimed at Morris’s forehead.
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: Are you looking for this? Get
dialog: back... Get back!
text: He points to Morris and closes the door behind him.
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: What’s the matter? Are you not
dialog: going to say “listen Hermann I can
dialog: explain”? Huh?
text: Warm throws the handcuff on the floor.
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: Pick that up, face that way, put it
dialog: on your left hand.
text: Morris obeys. The handcuff closes around his wrist.
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: Let me see your hand...
dialog: Good, now the other one.
text: Morris puts his hand behind his back. Just as Warm is about
text: to cuff him, he pulls out his left hand, spins around and
text: punches him in the face. Warm goes flying backwards. The Colt
text: falls to the floor. Morris grabs it.
text: When Warm tries to get up, Morris pistol-whips him.
scene_heading: 48A INT JACKSONVILLE HOTEL MORRIS’S ROOM NIGHT:
dialog: 
text: Night has fallen.
text: Warm is sitting bound and gagged on a chair. Morris is lying
text: on the bed with his gun at his side.
text: Blood rolls down Warm’s head. He moans. He moans harder.
text: Morris understands and gets up.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: (pointing to the gag)
dialog: If I take it off, will you keep
dialog: quiet?
text: Warm nods. Morris removes the gag. Warm breathes. He looks
text: dismayed.
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: Are we waiting for your friends?
dialog: No answer.
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: How could you be so two-faced? What
dialog: taught you such duplicity? Is it
dialog: greed? I hadn’t noticed that in
dialog: you... I really hadn't.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: You keep quiet or I’1l put this
dialog: back in.
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: You think they’11l kill me?
dialog: They won’t kill me...
dialog: Not right away.
text: A beat. He looks at Morris.
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: What do you think your Commodore
dialog: wants? He’s the one who tried to
dialog: rob me in Oregon City. He’s after
dialog: my Formula, my invention.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: So what?
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: So your friends... Your friends are
dialog: on their way here to torture me. To
dialog: torture me, did you know that?
dialog: Morris didn’t know that.
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: They’1l cut off my fingers, burn my
text: feet, gouge out my eyes...
dialog: They’1l torture me till I talk.
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: Morris, can I ask you something?
dialog: ...Are you gonna watch?
dialog: ...Are you gonna write it down in
dialog: your book of adventures?
text: Morris looks at him now.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Warm... I...
text: He searches for the words, but cannot find them.
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: It’s this world...
dialog: It’s an abomination.
dialog: 35.
text: Warm’s face is now turned toward the window. He doesn’t add
dialog: anything.
speaker_heading: MORRIS (OFF)
dialog: He stopped talking, didn’t say
text: another word. He watched the sun
text: rise through the window.
scene_heading: 48B INT JACKSONVILLE HOTEL MORRIS’S ROOM DAWN:
dialog: 
text: The sun is up.
text: Warm his waking up. He notices his hands are free, the
text: handcuffs are gone.
text: He gets up and walks closer to Morris who’s sleeping on the
text: bed. He pushes him gently. Morris wakes up with a start, gun
text: in his hand.
text: He sees Warm standing before him and lowers his gun. Morris
text: slowly emerges.
text: They look at each other for a moment, then, as he straightens
dialog: up:
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Let's go.
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: You don’t think you’re making a
dialog: mistake?
scene_heading: 49 EXT COUNTRYSIDE BEFORE JACKSONVILLE DAY:
dialog: 
text: Charlie on Nimble, at breakneck speed.
text: Eli and Tub behind. Tub is galloping with his damaged head
text: down at his side, as if drowning.
scene_heading: 50 EXT HILLS OVER JACKSONVILLE DAY:
dialog: 
text: A hilltop. A town below.
text: Eli looks down at the town. Sitting behind him, Charlie has
text: laid out a rag. He is cleaning and preparing his weapons
text: assiduously.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: How do we go about this Warm?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Like we usually do.
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Well usually there’s no Morris
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
text: Morris hands over Warm. We go some
dialog: place quiet and finish the job.
dialog: You done?
text: Eli nods.
text: Charlie stands up and gathers his effects.
scene_heading: 51A EXT JACKSONVILLE DAY:
dialog: We recognize Main Street Jacksonville and Smith’s hotel...
dialog: where Warm and Morris stayed.
text: Eli and Charlie approach the hotel.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You go round back.
scene_heading: 51B EXT JACKSONVILLE DAY
text: Eli gets off his horse and looks around behind the hotel:
dialog: windows, gallery, roof...
text: All of a sudden, a noise: Someone is trying to open an
text: upstairs window. Eli takes out his gun. He is about to shoot
text: when Charlie's head pops out...
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Christ, Charlie, I almost shot!
text: Eli unlocks his gun. Charlie pops his head back out.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: They’re not here!
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Where are they?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: They left, four days ago! Morris
dialog: left a note. Shit!
scene_heading: 52 INT SALOON JACKSONVILLE DAY:
text: They are in a saloon amid other customers. They both drink
text: while Charlie reads Morris’letter out loud:
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: ELI:
dialog: “Dear gentlemen, I’m sorry to
dialog: inform you that Hermann Kermit Warm
text: has made a precipitate departure.
text: He must have hopped a wagon train
dialog: and left town. I am going after him
dialog: as of today. Good luck. Sincerely.
dialog: John Morris”
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: “Hermann Kermit Warm has made a
dialog: precipitate departure”?!? Who the
dialog: fuck is he kidding? Who the fuck is
dialog: this pretentious asshole kidding?!?
text: He grabs the letter and crumples it. He flings it to the
text: floor and tramples it.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: What now?
text: Charlie finishes his glass and pours himself another.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: We keep on. We said between
dialog: Jacksonville and Mayfield, and
dialog: we're only in Jacksonville. And God
dialog: damn it, the job isn’t
dialog: “Jacksonville” or “Mayfield”, the
dialog: job is to kill Warm!
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: (pointing to the barman)
dialog: Say it louder, I don’t think he
dialog: heard.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (softer)
dialog: Wherever the fuck Warm is, Mayfield
dialog: or wherever, we go there and get it
dialog: over with!
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: When will we be back home?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Once we’re done with the job, Eli.
text: Eli picks up the letter and uncrumples it.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: I get the feeling they’re farther
text: and farther ahead of us.
dialog: How long were we in that forest?
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Your spells and illnesses haven’t
dialog: saved us any time, that’s for
dialog: sure.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: What do you mean, that it’s my
dialog: fault?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Yeah, a little. Isn’t it?
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: You want to talk about your
dialog: constant drunkenness? Didn’t it
dialog: cost us any time?
text: Charlie finishes his glass, slams a coin on the bar and
dialog: leaves.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Days when you can’t even sit up in
dialog: the saddle straight?? The other
dialog: morning when you puked on
dialog: yourself?... My spells! My ass!
text: Eli follows him out.
scene_heading: 53 EXT BEFORE MAYFIELD:
text: Warm and Morris ride side by side, speaking like friends.
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: What we need to do is to put an end
dialog: to all this barbarity. Put an end
dialog: to all this violence, find a
dialog: solution for it. By inventing a new
dialog: society. A society...
scene_heading: 54 EXT CAMP WARM/MORRIS 2 NIGHT:
text: Warm and Morris each sit to one side of the fire.
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: «+. where the relationships among
dialog: men is governed by respect and the
dialog: absence of profit. Thus a society
dialog: without greed. Do you agree?
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: What’s it have to do with your
dialog: formula? You're looking for gold
dialog: too, like everyone else.
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: For me the gold is just a stepping-
dialog: stone. John I’m serious. To found a
dialog: new society. One, one that will
dialog: consecrate itself not to profit or
dialog: gold, but its, its spiritual
dialog: development, its own subsistence,
dialog: nothing more, the education of its
dialog: children...
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: And where do you intend to create
dialog: this society?
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: Dallas, northern Texas. There are
text: already many people waiting there.
text: More are on the way from Europe.
text: Warm take a sip.
text: Morris remains silent. Troubled.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: Well I can see I’ve lost you...
dialog: John?
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: One evening, you told me about your
dialog: father that you left him because
dialog: there was no place for you. As for
dialog: me all I can say is that I left my
dialog: family out of hatred and that my
dialog: father was the person I despised
dialog: most in this world I...despised
dialog: everything about him. I sincerely
dialog: thought I had been freed of all
dialog: that until tonight, listening to
dialog: you, what do I realize?
dialog: That most of the things that I
dialog: thought I’d been doing, these past
dialog: years, freely, the opinions that I
dialog: thought I had of my own volition,
dialog: were in fact dictated by my hatred
dialog: towards that man.
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: I'm 35 years old and my life is
text: like an empty cylinder.
dialog: Black.
scene_heading: 55 EXT RELAY STATION 3 DAY:
text: Further south, in a relay station. Morris is writing a
dialog: letter.
speaker_heading: MORRIS (OFF)
dialog: “My dear solicitor, my dear friend,
dialog: After much thought, I’ve changed my
dialog: mind about the measures concerning
dialog: my finances related to you in my
dialog: last letter. I accept my father’s
dialog: inheritance and ask you to wire
dialog: 3,000 dollars to the Project Bank
dialog: in San Francisco. Finally, I will
dialog: not be in Washington until next
dialog: year. I send you my friendship and
dialog: I shake your hand. Yours, John
dialog: Morris.”
text: John Morris joins Warm, sitting on the ground, drawing in one
text: of his notebooks. Morris looks at him for a moment. He hands
text: him the notebook, we can see an intricate drawing mixing the
dialog: letter W and M.
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: It’s us. W & M, Warm and Morris.
dialog: Our company’s insignia. What do you
dialog: think?
text: He smiles and hands him back the notebook.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: I like it.
scene_heading: 56 EXT MAYFIELD MAIN STREET EVENING:
scene_heading: TITLE: MAYFIELD, CALIFORNIA.
text: The brothers walk through Mayfield. The town is just as drab
text: and muddy.
text: On either side of Main Street, families wander among tents
text: and wagons. All the signs bear the name Mayfield: Mayfield
dialog: Supplies, Mayfield General Store, Mayfield Gold...
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: You think this man came here
dialog: because it’s called Mayfield or
dialog: they started calling that once he
dialog: got there?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Maybe it all belongs to him.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: They sure like that name.
text: Charlie heads for the saloon. Eli follows as best he can.
scene_heading: 57 INT SALOON MAYFIELD SUNSET:
text: The saloon is crowded. The Sisters are at the bar.
text: The bartender comes. Charlie goes to speak to him, but
text: suddenly feels exhausted and gives up.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: (to the barman)
dialog: Hello, we're looking for a man
dialog: named Warm. Short, dark skinned...
dialog: We think he passed through here a
dialog: few days ago.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: I can’t help you, mister.
text: He starts to leave but Charlie grabs onto his sleeve.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: No ? What about a tall brown haired
dialog: man of forty...
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: I don’t know, mister. I don’t get
dialog: mixed up in it
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: “Oh You don’t get mixed up in it do
dialog: you?” Give us some whiskey.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: Normal or Mayfield‘s?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
text: Normal. Bottle, two glasses.
speaker_heading: MAYFIELD
dialog: You're looking for someone?
dialog: 42.
text: A deep voice. Charlie turns to face Mayfield, a middle-age
text: woman with a magnetic gaze and a tough look on her face.
speaker_heading: MAYFIELD
dialog: Because usually I’m the one people
dialog: ask for news in this town.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: And who are you?
speaker_heading: MAYFIELD
dialog: Mayfield.
text: Charlie turns around to his brother.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Ah! The great man himself!
text: Behind them, the bartender puts the bottle down and pours
dialog: them drinks.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: My brother and I are looking for a
text: man named Hermann Warm. Short, dark
dialog: skinned? Probably passed through
dialog: fiveor six days ago?
speaker_heading: MAYFIELD
dialog: Warm?... No, I don’t recall.
text: Charlie finishes his glass, making a noise with his tongue.
text: From the one shot, he is already feeling happier.
speaker_heading: MAYFIELD
dialog: Is this man a friend of yours?
text: Eli starts to answer but Charlie beats him to it.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: He ran out on a debt to our
dialog: employer, The Commodore, in
dialog: Oregon City.
text: Charlie watches for an effect. And the woman has tensed to
dialog: hear the Commodore’s name.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: We are the Sisters brothers.
text: And to his satisfaction, Mayfield is duly unsettled. Eli, on
text: the other hand, is put off by this braggadocio.
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: MAYFIELD
dialog: Good to meet you men. You planning
dialog: on staying long?
text: Eli stares at his teeth, chomping at his cigar. Charlie turns
text: around and looks at the clientele. A group of girls is coming
text: down a staircase. His shoulders straighten up.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Well that depends...
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: (sternly)
dialog: We'll be leaving first thing.
text: Charlie drains his glass. His eyes are glazed from booze.
scene_heading: 58 INT HOTEL STAIRCASE EVENING:
text: The hotel is dilapidated, the staircase narrow. Eli and
text: Charlie carry their bags up.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Why the hell you keep telling
dialog: everyone your life story? The
dialog: Commodore, the Sisters brothers...
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Don’t you see how honored that
dialog: woman was to put us up?
dialog: And besides, I like to know if our
dialog: reputation has preceded us. Unlike
dialog: you, brother, I’m proud of what I
dialog: do.
text: Eli sighs.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What does that mean?
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: It means it’s going to be the same
dialog: as usual: you'll drink like a fish
dialog: tonight and be sick as a dog
dialog: tomorrow...
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You're forgetting something:
dialog: I’m going to fuck like a rabbit!
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Another day up our ass.
dialog: 44,
text: Charlie runs Charlie runs up the stairs. We hear women’s
dialog: laughter.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (0.S.)
dialog: Don’t pay attention to him, he’s
dialog: crabby, he’s old!
scene_heading: 59 INT SALOON MAYFIELD NIGHT
text: Charlie sits at a table, drinking. He has a cheap whore on
text: his lap, and his hand under another one’s skirt. She giggles
text: into his shoulder.
text: Eli is at the bar, embarrassed. He looks away. Mayfield is a
text: bit farther off, in discussion with a group of trappers.
text: Behind them, Eli notices a girl by the piano. They exchange
dialog: glances.
text: Mayfield waves to the barman, who brings another bottle.She
text: comes over and starts to pour Charlie a drink. Eli’s hand
text: stops her.
speaker_heading: ELI
text: He can pour his own liquor.
speaker_heading: MAYFIELD
dialog: Sure thing!
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Hey look who’s awake? Look at that.
text: Big knife with the big boy.
dialog: Where are you going?!
dialog: Hey have you noticed how many
dialog: raccoons there are in this town?
dialog: Like dead raccoons? It’s a shitty
dialog: town to be a raccoon in!
text: Mayfield puts the bottle back down.Eli goes over to the girl
text: near the piano.
text: She forces a smile. He whispers into her ear.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: How much just to talk?
scene_heading: 60 INT ROOM MAYFIELD NIGHT:
text: They are sitting on the bed in a narrow room. Far apart.
text: Hands in their laps. A moment of embarrassment.
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: We can act like you’re giving me
dialog: this shawl and you consider it a
dialog: valuable object. You understand?
text: With a kind word.
text: She takes the shawl and tries to think of something to say.
text: She smiles.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Here.
text: Eli gives it back, frustrated.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: No. With a kind, huh....
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: What... I don’t know what...
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Simple words:
dialog: « I thought it might get cold...»
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: I thought...
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: I’m leaving and you're giving me
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: I... I thought it might get cold...
text: He encourages her to improvise but she just repeats what he
text: said, handing him the shawl.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: This shawl...
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: “,..is a little piece of me that’s
dialog: traveling with you.”
speaker_heading: WOMAN
text: This shawl is a little piece of
dialog: me...
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: (frustrated)
dialog: You have to... with your eyes, you
dialog: have to look at it! Like it means
dialog: something.
dialog: 46.
text: The woman obeys, and speaks softly.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: This shawl is like a little part of
dialog: me is traveling with you... I puta
dialog: drop of my perfume on it.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: (softer)
dialog: Good. Now, can I steal a kiss from
dialog: you?
text: She closes her eyes to get kissed.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: No, you say that.
text: Eli’s lips touch hers. She takes his hand and suddenly turns
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Are you not well?
text: No answer. He sees a tear roll down her cheek.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Did I hurt you?
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: No, not at all... you’re just very
dialog: kind and gentle, and I’m not used
dialog: to it. Please let me go.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: But... I’1l pay.
text: He grabs onto her arm.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: I need to go, please.
text: She runs to the door, starts to open it, turns back around.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Be careful.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: About what?
text: The woman mouths something, pointing down. Eli reads her
dialog: lips: “May-field!”
dialog: 47.
scene_heading: 61 INT HOTEL SALOON MAYFIELD NIGHT:
dialog: 
text: Eli has gathered their belongings. He walks around the
text: gallery of the saloon, hugging the walls. Down below, in a
text: dark corner, he sees Mayfield speaking with a group of
text: suspicious-looking trappers.
text: He climbs the stairs, passes by some whores in a hallway. He
text: pushes open a door, then another. He sees men on top of
text: women, women straddling men.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Charlie..? Charlie...?
dialog: Another door...
text: Eli finds Charlie slumped on a sofa, in a narrow red cabinet
text: from which a half-dressed whore exits quickly. Charlie,
text: almost passed-out, is slumped on a sofa.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: There you are! Charlie. Charlie!
dialog: You have to wake up. They’re
dialog: coming. You get up!
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I don’t want to.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: You get up! Mom says, Get up! Get
dialog: up!
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Ok...
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Put your boots on. Come on.
dialog: Hey, Charlie, Charlie. Can you
dialog: shoot, can you shoot?
text: Eli puts Charlie’s boots on. Charlie’s head wobbles, with a
dialog: stupid grin.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I’m not at my best...
scene_heading: 62 INT MAYFIELD STABLES NIGHT
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Don’t you puke on me.
text: The brothers reach the stables.
text: Charlie finishes getting dressed as best he can, while
text: readies the horses as quick as he can.
text: When a voice surprises them:
speaker_heading: HEAD TRAPPER
dialog: Getting ready to leave Mayfield?
text: Eli stops dead.
text: The four trappers are there.
dialog: 48.
dialog: Eli
text: Eli looks at Charlie, hung over, his head burrowed in his
text: horse’s mane. He turns to the trappers:
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Alright. Let’s just calm down. We
dialog: have money. Just tell us what
dialog: Mayfield is paying you.
speaker_heading: HEAD TRAPPER
dialog: I don’t think you’re going to live
dialog: long enough to find that out.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: It’s funny that there’s so many few
dialog: words to describe things here in
dialog: Mayfield.
text: Charlie, who was out of it till now, slowly lets go of Nimble
text: and seems to wake up.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Mayfield’s whiskey and Mayfield’s
dialog: hotel, Mayfield’s Fucking
dialog: Mayfield...
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Please let me handle this. Look...
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Mayfield’s racoon, Mayfield’s
dialog: Horses...
text: Eli is worried to see Charlie wobbling.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Why don’t you just tell us how much
dialog: you want?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: No, Eli, it’s not about money...
dialog: it’s about reputation.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 49,
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Being the guys that killed the
dialog: Sisters brothers.
text: Eli sees that something has changed in his brother’s eyes. He
text: feels reassured.
speaker_heading: HEAD TRAPPER
dialog: You shut up now.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Prestige.
text: Charlie throws up.
text: A beat. The trappers look at him in disgust.
text: And in a flash, the brothers draw simultaneously. Their
text: cylinders spin, their barrels spit fire, flames light up the
text: barn... Three trappers go flying into the hay... The fourth
text: runs out of the barn and
text: tries to escape...
text: Charlie whistles to Eli, who tosses him another gun, without
text: even glancing at him...
text: Charlie catches it and, at the same time, aims and fires.
scene_heading: 63 INT MAYFIELD’S OFFICE NIGHT:
text: Mayfield speaks expressionlessly. A rivulet of blood runs
text: down from her forehead and drips off the tip of her nose.
speaker_heading: MAYFIELD
dialog: ... Warm said he needed an investor
dialog: for some prospecting scheme. I
dialog: couldn’t make heads or tails of his
dialog: story. I thought he was a clown,
dialog: but when I saw Morris, I thought...
dialog: if the Commodore’s interested, it
dialog: might be worthwhile.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Did Morris leave a letter for us?
speaker_heading: MAYFIELD
dialog: No. He was just traveling with
dialog: Warm.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Really? And why did you want to
dialog: kill us?
dialog: 50.
text: Mayfield hesitates. Charlie raises the butt of his revolver.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I'll repeat that, then I’1l strike.
speaker_heading: MAYFIELD
dialog: When I realized Warm had something
dialog: of value, I sent some guys after
dialog: them to bring him back.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: So now there’s more men on Warm’s
dialog: tail?
speaker_heading: MAYFIELD
dialog: Yes.
text: Charlie raises the butt of his revolver.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: All right, Mayfield, you’re not
dialog: going to like what comes next,
dialog: but it’s the price to pay when you
dialog: mess for messing with our buisness.
dialog: Open your safe.
text: Mayfield’s face freezes. She slowly shakes her head.
speaker_heading: MAYFIELD
dialog: No. Never.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 64 INT. MAYFIELD’S OFFICE NIGHT:
dialog: Later.
text: Charlie is emptying a safe: bills, pieces of gold, pouches of
text: gold dust.
text: The office has been turned upside down. Mayfield’s body lies
text: in the middle, in a puddle of blood.
scene_heading: 65 INT/EXT MAYFIELD SALOON NIGHT:
text: Loaded down with their plunder, they see half the town
text: outside, awoken by the gunfight.A group of poor people, some
text: in nightclothes.
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Think we should say something to
dialog: them?
text: The silent crowd separates to let them through. Charlie looks
text: at the curious townspeople, then up at Eli.
speaker_heading: ELI
text: After a series of dramatic events
dialog: that she only had herself to blame
dialog: for... Mayfield is dead!
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: No, not like that. Don’t you have
dialog: anything more positive?
text: Charlie mounts Nimble.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: My brother and I have some good
dialog: news for you people!
dialog: You can change the name of your
dialog: fucking town!
text: They spur their horses and gallop away. Behind them, a crowd
text: of famished people invades the saloon.
scene_heading: 66A EXT LOOT FOREST DAWN:
text: Their saddlebags, knapsacks and pockets are stuffed with the
text: bills, coins and gold dust.
text: The horses gallop.
scene_heading: 66B EXT LOOT FOREST DAY
text: Fifty yards off the trail, on a hillside, the brothers finish
text: digging a hole behind trees and rocks.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Anyway, now we know one thing for
dialog: sure. We know Morris has joined the
dialog: enemy.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I never liked that gentleman, but I
dialog: must say this is the icing on the
dialog: cake.
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Warm have that’s so interesting?
text: The Commodore sends men after him,
text: Mayfield sends men after him, and
text: now Morris falls into him.
dialog: What does he have?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: He has a formula. It’s a chemical
dialog: product. Supposedly, you pour it in
dialog: the river, it lights up all the
dialog: gold, and you just bend down to
dialog: pick it up.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: You don’t believe that stuff
dialog: Charlie, come on! We’ve seen our
dialog: fair share of hucksters with
dialog: miracle products...
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Yes but the Commodore seemed to
dialog: believe in this one.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Why didn’t you tell me about it
dialog: before?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I had orders not to.
text: In the hole, they put their treasures, wrapped in oilskin.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Anything else you’re hiding from
dialog: me?
text: Charlie looks embarrassed.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
text: The Commodore’s orders are clear-
dialog: cut: before we kill Warm, we are to
dialog: extract from him by whatever
dialog: violent means necessary the recipe
dialog: for his formula.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: In lay terms: torture him?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: More or less.
scene_heading: 67 EXT LOOT FOREST DAY:
dialog: 53.
text: The brothers ride side by side, through plains and rivers.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: How far ahead do you think
dialog: Mayfield’s guys got?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Well if they’re as stupid as the
dialog: last guys we killed, I'd say we're
dialog: about even.
scene_heading: 68 EXT LOOT FOREST EVENING:
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I like it here. There’s a
text: fortuitous energy.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: What the hell is a “fortuitous
dialog: energy”?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You feel it, dummy!
scene_heading: 69 EXT CLIFF DAY:
text: The path is climbing up through short vegetation.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You know what, brother? I don’t
dialog: think you and I have ever gone so
dialog: far.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: You mean between us, in our
dialog: conversation?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What are you talking about? I meant
dialog: in a straight line. You and I have
dialog: never gone so far in a straight
dialog: line!
text: The brothers can hear a distant, continuous rumbling. All of
text: a sudden, here is it, wide and endless: the ocean.
text: They put their hands on their hats so they won't fly and gaze
text: at the water. It’s obvious they’ve never seen something like
dialog: it.
dialog: 54.
scene_heading: 70A EXT PACIFIC BEACH DAY:
text: At times, waves come crash on the horses’ hooves. The
text: brothers ride through the beach. There’s no one to be seen
dialog: for miles and miles.
scene_heading: 70B EXT PACIFIC BEACH EVENING:
text: There are prints on the sand now - men, animals, carriages -,
text: and sometimes a few objects people have left on the way:
text: trunks, furniture, a bed...
scene_heading: 71 _ EXT STREET SAN FRANCISCO NIGHT:
text: They ride up a street on horseback, into the fray: tents set
text: up in the lanes, trappers, chained slaves, Chinese families
text: sleeping in the streets.
scene_heading: TITLE: SAN FRANCISCO
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (eyes glittering, almost
dialog: moved)
dialog: Goddamn, this place is Babylon!
text: When they look up, they can see three-floor brick houses with
text: brightly-lit windows.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: You know, when we find Warm, it
dialog: won't be worth looking for a quiet
dialog: spot, there isn’t one in this whole
dialog: place!
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: More importantly nobody will care.
dialog: We can kill anyone we want here.
text: Fuck, everyone’s mind is focused on
dialog: something else.
scene_heading: 72 EXT STREET SAN FRANCISCO NIGHT:
text: Elsewhere.
text: They leave their saddles at a stable and continue on foot,
text: their gear propped on their shoulders.
text: In front of them, they suddenly spot a warm and hospitable
text: light, the lights of a “grand hotel”, The Golden Pearl.
dialog: 55.
text: They look inside through a window. Like two kids in front of
text: a Christmas window display.
scene_heading: 73 INT HOTEL GOLDEN PEARL NIGHT:
text: A valet precedes them through an upstairs corridor with a
text: kerosene lamp. He points to a door:
speaker_heading: VALET
dialog: That’s the water-closet in there...
text: ++. and then another door...
speaker_heading: VALET
dialog: ..-that’s the bathroom, with hot
dialog: water.
dialog: «.. and yet another door.
speaker_heading: VALET
dialog: And here is your room.
text: He opens the door, enters and begins to turn on the lamps.
text: The room appears: a red velvet bijou, gold tassels, braided
text: pompoms, beds in rococo copper...
dialog: They've never seen anything like it before.
scene_heading: 74 INT BATHROOM GOLDEN PEARL NIGHT:
dialog: 
text: Red as a lobster and wrapped in a towel, Eli has just stepped
text: out of a hot bath. He looks curiously at the dangling chain
text: with a wood knob. He hesitates, pulls on it, and to his
text: surprise a torrent of water gushes into the toilet bowl.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Charlie, come and look at this!
text: He walks out.
scene_heading: 75A INT GOLDEN PEARL RESTAURANT NIGHT:
dialog: 
text: A restaurant in the same style as the rooms: European
dialog: overkill.
text: The two brothers have no clue how to behave, or what to do
text: with all the silverware set before them.
scene_heading: 75B INT GOLDEN PEARL RESTAURANT NIGHT:
dialog: 
dialog: 56.
text: Eli and Charlie are eating and drinking. Especially Charlie.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: A bit of comfort in uncertain
dialog: times.
text: Eli nods. A Beat.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: You know I was thinking... We could
dialog: just go back to Oregon City and say
dialog: we couldn’t find them.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: And tell what to the Commodore?
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: The truth: Morris ran off with
text: Warm. Destination unknown. Can’t be
dialog: expected to find them without a
dialog: single clue to guide us. And...
dialog: (lower)
dialog: We don’t even know if Mayfield’s
dialog: men have already found them...
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Ok, what are you getting at,
dialog: brother?
text: Eli lowers his voice and starts in:
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Between what we made in Mayfield,
dialog: what we have at home and the rest,
dialog: we have enough to ditch the
dialog: Commodore for good.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: And why would we do that?
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Didn't you ever think of stopping?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: And do what?
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: I don’t know
dialog: (he hesitates)
dialog: We could open a store together.
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What store?
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Look, we've had a good long run,
dialog: we're still alive, we’ve a bit of
dialog: our youth left. It’s a chance to
dialog: get out.
text: Charlie turns beet-red. Alcohol mixed with pent-up anger.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: A store? A way out? Fucking
dialog: nonsense! What is this bullshit?
text: He is about to knock over the table or slap Eli who stares at
text: him without backing down.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: ...Well, we’ve established that you
dialog: want to quit, so quit!
text: Charlie finishes his glass and takes a deep breath. He starts
text: eating again.
text: After a beat:
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Meaning what? That if I stop, you’d
dialog: continue?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Of course I’d continue. I'd just
dialog: need a new partner. Rex asked for
dialog: work in the past...
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Rex? Rex is just a talking dog.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: He is obedient like a dog. I could
dialog: ask Sanchez.
text: Eli is stunned.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Sanchez...? You would really trust
dialog: Sanchez and that idiot Rex to
dialog: protect you?
text: Charlie looks him eye to eye.
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Because you protect me?
dialog: Is that what you have to tell
dialog: yourself to stay “nice guy Eli”?
dialog: But WE are the Sisters brothers.
dialog: The Sisters brothers, Eli you and
dialog: me!
text: Charlie straightens up and starts searching his pockets for
dialog: money.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You've made your decision, and it’s
dialog: fine by me. It will be welcome news
dialog: to he Commodore also. We'll finish
dialog: this job, then part ways.
text: He throws a few bills on the table. Moved, Eli pays no
text: attention and continues.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Why do you say it like that? "We'll
dialog: part ways"?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: How do you want me to say it? If I
dialog: stay with the Commodore and you
dialog: open your store...
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: So you're saying we won’t see each
dialog: other any more?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Yes, when I come into town.
dialog: Whenever I need a shirt, or some
dialog: underthings...
text: Eli watches Charlie light a cigar and stand up as if nothing
dialog: were the matter.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Do you need to speak to me so
dialog: rudely? To choose those words? To
dialog: keep the level of the conversation
dialog: so low. Is it because you're drunk?
text: Charlie looks at his brother and slaps him.
text: Instinctively, Eli’s hand grips the butt of his revolver.
text: Customers around them freeze and watch Charlie put on his hat
text: and leave the restaurant with the face and gait of a drunken
dialog: man.
dialog: 59.
scene_heading: 76 INT GOLDEN PEARL HOTEL ROOM NIGHT:
dialog: 
text: Fully clothed, Eli is lying on the bed in the dark, gaudy
text: room. He stares at the shadows from the street played out the
text: red velvet walls and the ceiling.
text: Charlie’s bags and clothes are still sitting on his bed.
text: Eli stands up and starts packing.
scene_heading: 77_INT STABLE DAY:
text: Eli is about to mount Tub when:
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (OFF)
dialog: Hey, brother!
text: He turns around. Charlie is all rosy and dapper.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What are you doing here?
text: Eli is speechless. Charlie continues, matter-of-factly.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I've got some great fucking news,
dialog: brother. I know where they are!
dialog: What do you say to that?
text: Eli look at him without answering.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Did you hear me?
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You don’t even care? What’s wrong
dialog: with you?
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Don’t you remember what happened
dialog: last night?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Yes. And?
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Don’t you remember that you hit me?
text: Charlie pretends to try to remember.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Stop pretending and spare me the
dialog: « I don‘t remember » routine.
dialog: You hit me in public Charlie, so as
dialog: sure as you’re looking at me right
dialog: now, I’m leaving.
text: Charlie grabs Tub’s bridle.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: All right, what do you want? This
dialog: is about slapping each other, isn’t
dialog: it? I slap you, you slap me back
dialog: and we’re even. So go on, hit me.
dialog: Hit me, I said.
dialog: 60.
text: Before he can even give Eli his cheek, he receives a stunning
text: that sends him flying backwards.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Jesus fucking Christ! Are you out
dialog: of your goddamned mind? I gave you
dialog: a slap, and you whack me with a
dialog: fucking shovel!
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: See? You do remember!
text: Charlie gets back up, rubbing his cheek.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (facing camera)
dialog: This morning I woke up in a
dialog: whorehouse and figured I might as
dialog: well stop by the claims office. So
dialog: I went and asked if a certain
dialog: Herman Kermitt Warm had recently
dialog: staked a claim. Nothing! I was
text: about to give up, when boom, it hit
dialog: me. I asked if there was anything
dialog: in the name of John Morris... and
dialog: there: American River, Folson
dialog: Lake... bingo! Now we know where
dialog: they're heading.
scene_heading: 78 EXT AMERICAN RIVER DAY:
text: CU: a crude map of American River.
text: Eli holds the map.
text: He tries to find his bearings in the landscape.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 61.
text: They ride on. First, a delta...
scene_heading: 78B EXT AMERICAN RIVER PROSPECTORS TRAIL DAY:
dialog: 
text: .+. They ride the river upstream... They pass by men on foot
text: with mules, loaded down with gear...
scene_heading: 78C EXT AMERICAN RIVER PROSPECTORS TRAIL DAY:
dialog: 
text: ... There are now prospectors at work on each of the
text: riverbanks. Charlie takes a pair of binoculars, peers at the
dialog: camps, the faces...
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: I'd like to see how they go about
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Oh another idea for a career
dialog: change? First selling shirts, now
dialog: prospecting? I’m gonna go on ahead,
dialog: you do as you please.
scene_heading: 78D EXT AMERICAN RIVER PROSPECTORS TRAIL DAY:
dialog: 
text: ... Tub’s eye has turned white and is surrounded by pus. Eli
text: shoos away flies and tries to clean the wound. The horse
text: shudders and peels.
scene_heading: 79 EXT MOUNTAIN ROADS DAY:
text: Now it’s all uphill. Tub is breathing hard. He drools spit
text: and blood. His eye is now white, pus oozing around it.
text: A horse of the Apocalypse.
scene_heading: 80 EXT MOUNTAIN DAY:
text: Charlie calls out to a prospector below:
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Folsom Lake?
text: The prospectors point upstream.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: How far?
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: PROSPECTOR
dialog: A day !
text: He rides back to Eli.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: We'll be there tomorrow.
scene_heading: 81A EXT MOUNTAIN SISTERS CAMP 5 NIGHT:
dialog: 
text: Encampment. Remains of a fire. Under the covers, Charlie is
text: already asleep. Eli tries to make Tub drink. He encourages
text: him, speaking softly.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Come on Tub. Eat some grass. Oh
dialog: Tub, I’m sorry my friend.
text: Tub’s white eye almost glows in the dark.
text: He takes the red shawl from his saddlebags. He carefully
text: folds it into a pillow, breathes in its fragrance and goes to
text: bed. He pulls up his blanket and begins to masturbate.
scene_heading: 81B EXT MOUNTAIN SISTERS CAMP 5 NIGHT
dialog: 
text: Warm binocular POV: The silhouette of the sister brother,
text: sleeping next to the fire.
speaker_heading: WARM (0.S)
dialog: You think it’s them?
speaker_heading: MORRIS (0.S.)
dialog: Yes. They got here faster than I
dialog: thought.
scene_heading: 81C EXT MOUNTAIN SISTERS CAMP 5 NIGHT:
dialog: 
text: The brothers are asleep.
text: The sound of the river below, the horses. Another noise.
text: Eli opens his eyes: a silhouette towers over him...
text: Nearby, Charlie straightens up... the toe of a boot violently
text: knocks him flat.
dialog: Black.
text: A blurry vision. Voices of men heard from afar:
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: WARM (0.S.)
dialog: No!.. No, not like this!
text: Warm joins Morris.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Not like what?
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: This is no way to kill people.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: We have to kill them, Hermann! We
dialog: kill them, bury them, no one finds
text: them. By the time it dawns on the
dialog: Commodore, we’ll be far gone.
speaker_heading: ELI (0.S.)
dialog: We don’t work for the Commodore
dialog: anymore!
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: Then what are you doing here?
dialog: Warm and Morris
text: turn around. Eli, in a daze, has stood up.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: We...We don’t work for him anymore.
scene_heading: 82 EXT WARM’S ENCAMPMENT DAY
dialog: Charlie and Eli
dialog: ground. Charlie
dialog: Contrary to the
text: seems strangely
text: are handcuffed, sitting together on the
text: has a nasty black and blue mark on his cheek.
dialog: specifics of their current situation, Charlie
dialog: happy:
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: And it just came out?!?
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: ~-. Yes.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You're a genius, Eli, a goddamn
dialog: genius! How did that pop into your
dialog: head? Just out of the blue?
text: He nods, evasively.
dialog: Warm and Morris
text: have set up camp on a wide strip of pebbles
text: in the middle of the river.
dialog: 64.
text: Two tents, some gear, barrels, oilskin tarpaulins protecting
text: their supplies. The horses are tied up on the banks.
text: They watch Warm and Morris gather the gear they need, load up
text: the animals. Charlie yells at them:
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Hey, Morris, what you gonna do with
dialog: us? Ask us to run and shoot us like
dialog: rabbits? Dump us in the forest?
text: Charlie sniggers, Morris barely looks back.
scene_heading: 83 INT MORRIS’S TENT DAY:
text: Morris is sitting at a small wood table, studying a map. Warm
text: walks into the tent, Morris doesn’t turn around.
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: What are we going to do about them?
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: We leave them here. They’1l end up
dialog: killing each other or getting eaten
dialog: alive... I couldn’t care less.
dialog: We take the horses and the mules,
dialog: we extract what we can from the
dialog: river one last time and then we
dialog: leave here without ever coming
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: And abandon all our gear?
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: We'll travel light, ride up to
dialog: Sacramento, buy more gear, and ride
text: up the river from there.
text: Suddenly, from further down the hill:
speaker_heading: MAN (OS)
dialog: Anyone there?
scene_heading: 84 EXT WARM’S ENCAMPMENT DAY:
speaker_heading: MAN (0.S.)
dialog: Anyone there? Can you hear me?
text: Morris takes a few steps forward.
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Yes, what do you want?
text: Another silhouette appears in the background.
speaker_heading: MAN 2 (0.S.)
dialog: We're working the river downstream.
dialog: We’re running out of supplies.
dialog: You’ve got any for sale?
text: Warm joins Morris.
speaker_heading: WARM
text: They don’t look like prospectors.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: They’re not prospectors.
speaker_heading: MAN (0.S.)
dialog: I didn’t hear your answer.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: (To the man)
dialog: Because I didn’t give one. Don’t
dialog: you take one step closer!
dialog: (to Warm)
dialog: We're going to have to fight,
dialog: Hermann. Are your guns loaded?
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: Yes, I think so.
text: The silhouettes are creeping closer.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Well take it out goddammit !
dialog: (to the man)
dialog: I told you not to move and I won’t
dialog: tell you again! We have nothing to
dialog: sell. Go back to where you came
dialog: from!
text: The man comes towards them. Morris shoots. The others shoot
text: right back. Flames, ricocheting bullets. Behind them, the
text: brothers shield themselves as best they can.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Hey, what the hell? Do something!
dialog: Don’t leave us here!
text: A bullet ricochets near Warm, who jumps away.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Hermann! Hermann?
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: (reassuringly)
dialog: I’m okay, I’m okay.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Let us help you, Warm!
text: Another volley of bullets.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Give us the keys you fucking
dialog: idiots! You don’t stand a fucking
dialog: chance, come on!
text: Warm and Morris look at each other. They hesitate.
scene_heading: 85 EXT WARM’S ENCAMPMENT DAY:
text: The four men are hiding behind boulders. The brothers check
text: the weapons that have been returned to them.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You think it’s Mayfield’s men?
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Sure looks like them.
text: Charlie signals Warm and Morris to stop shooting. He stands
text: up, using his hands as a megaphone:
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Hey guys, before things sour, we've
dialog: got some news for you: Mayfield is
dialog: dead! You'll never get paid!
dialog: Do you think this is really worth
dialog: it?
text: A beat, as if a discussion were going on over there. Then,
text: more gunfire. Charlie makes his way to Warm and Morris, both
text: busy shooting.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (To Morris and Warm)
dialog: As long as you can see us, you
dialog: shoot at them like crazy. We make
dialog: it to the other side and you can’t
dialog: see us anymore, stop shooting. Get
dialog: it?
dialog: Agreement.
dialog: 67.
text: The brothers come out of hiding and move along, each to one
text: side of the river. Warm and Morris fire. When the brothers
text: vanish into the forest, they stop shooting.
text: Suddenly, the sounds of long 45 caliber flames pierce the
text: day. We hear screams... then nothing.
text: Eli reappears, dragging his feet, as if coming back from a
dialog: chore.
text: Whena trapper arises from behind a thicket. Morris cocks his
text: revolver and shoots in a hurry.
text: The trapper collapses revealing Charlie, his arm
text: outstretched, his gun still smoking.
text: The two men face each other. Frozen. And then slowly lower
dialog: their arms.
text: A moment of unease.
scene_heading: 86 EXT WARM’S ENCAMPMENT NIGHT:
text: They sit around the fire in heavy silence. They pass around a
text: jug of liquor. Sizing one another up, eyeing one other.
text: Eli notices that John Morris is scratching his legs.
text: Hermann Warm clears his throat, then:
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: If Morris agrees to it, this is
dialog: what I suggest. You two keep half
dialog: of what you pull from the river,
dialog: with the remaining half going to
dialog: the Company.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: The Company being you and Morris?
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: Yes, well, no... not exactly. The
dialog: Company is our phalanstery project.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Phalan-what?
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Phalanstery...
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: .--A community we’re founding, in
dialog: Texas.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: WARM (CONT'D)
text: An ideal living space, ruled by the
dialog: laws of true democracy and sharing.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Whatever you say.
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: Does something bother you?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: That's your business.
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: So we agree: half of what you
dialog: extract?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Fine with me.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Me too.
text: His eyes turn to Morris.
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: Excellent. Morris?
text: After a beat.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Don’t ask my opinion. I don’t agree
dialog: with what’s going on
dialog: here. I’m still in, of course, but
dialog: I remain on my guard.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Why don’t you look at me when you
dialog: say that?
text: Morris gets up.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Look at me, you son of a bitch!
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: Gentlemen!
text: Morris turns to Charlie.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: I’m looking at you, Charlie
dialog: Sisters. Do you want me to tell
dialog: you what I see?
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: That’s enough!
text: Eli holds back Charlie.
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: Please...
text: The tension decrease.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: I’m going to sleep.
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: Do your legs still hurt?
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: I’m all right. Goodnight, Hermann.
text: They watch him wander off towards one of the tents.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: He going to have to change.
text: Warm gives a resigned shrug of the shoulders.
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: He doesn’t trust you and you can’t
dialog: blame him. He’ll change. We all
dialog: have to. We don’t have any other
dialog: choice.
text: His eyes are on them, a clear gaze, frank and disarmingly
text: innocent. He scratches his legs nervously. Under the bottom
text: of his pants, the brothers make out red skin that is starting
text: to blister.
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: It's the Formula. It is very
dialog: caustic in its purest form. I
dialog: thought diluting it would make it
dialog: harmless, but I was wrong. Next
dialog: time, we'll have to grease our
dialog: skins beforehand...
text: He gets up.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Have you already prospected?
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: Two days ago.
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Did it work?
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: Better than I ever imagined.
text: He walks away.
scene_heading: 87 EXT WARM’S ENCAMPMENT DAY:
text: Early morning. Eli washes at the river. A little further off,
text: he sees Morris brushing his teeth. He waves. Morris barely
dialog: reacts.
text: Off to one side, Charlie sits on the river bank, watches them
text: from afar.
scene_heading: 88 EXT MOUNTAIN FOREST RIVER BANK DAY:
dialog: 
text: The horses, men and loaded mules make their way along the
text: mountainside.
text: Warm and Morris check the river’s flow.
text: The brothers follow, pulling the mules. Charlie still wears
text: the trapper’s hat.
text: Ahead of them, Warm points to the river below.
text: They come closer and discover a spot where the current slows
text: down and the river bed widens. A landscape like before the
dialog: birth of the world.
scene_heading: 89 EXT WARM’S ENCAMPMENT DAY :
text: They cut the branches on a tree they just felled. A mule
text: pulls a trunk into the middle of the
dialog: river.
text: Bare-chested, the men cut branches and carry rocks... They
text: work up to their waists in water.
text: The dam is starting to take shape. Warm crosses the dammed
text: river to gauge its depth. With a knife, he scrapes the
text: boulders in certain spots. He examines the samples with a
text: jeweler's magnifying glass.
text: Very tight shot: striations in the rock, shimmers of quartz,
text: golden reflections.
dialog: 71.
scene_heading: 90 EXT RIVER BANK :
text: The sun is beating down. The men nap in the shade of the
dialog: trees.
text: Just the sound of insects and the river.
scene_heading: 91 EXT ENCAMPMENT EVENING:
text: A new camp has been set up below at the foot of one of the
text: riverbanks.
text: Eli and Charlie finish setting up tents when they hear
text: hoofbeats. They look back. Warm and Morris arrive with a mule
text: straining under three barrels. The brothers watch the convoy
dialog: pass by: it is obviously the Formula.
text: Eli sees his brother’s eyes light up.
scene_heading: 92 EXT RIVER BANK ENCAMPMENT NIGHT
text: All four sit around a fire to finish their supper.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Who wants to stand guard tonight?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: That’s our job, isn’t it?
scene_heading: 93 EXT RIVER BANK NIGHT:
text: Wearing his trapper's hat, Charlie sits up on a rock that
text: towers over the river.
text: After a while, he hears laughter down in the valley.
text: He straightens up and sees the three others drinking and
text: laughing, gathered around the fire. .
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: We can’t sleep!
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What’s the point of me being on
dialog: guard, if you all don’t go to
dialog: sleep?
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: Charlie, why don’t you come down
dialog: and join us? It’1ll do you good.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Come on. Come on, there’s no point.
dialog: We're not going to sleep !
scene_heading: 94 EXT RIVER BANK NEW ENCAMPMENT DAWN:
text: The four of them have their feet in the water. They guzzle
text: booze. They rarely speak,smoking cigarettes and watching the
dialog: sunrise.
scene_heading: 95 EXT RIVER DAM DAY:
text: Morris is swimming in the translucent river. Charlie sits on
text: the riverbank, mocking look on his face.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Do you really believe in that two-
dialog: bit ideal society nonsense?
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: What do you want me to say?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I don’t know but I say that a guy
dialog: with a little bit of smarts
dialog: has to realize that it sounds like
dialog: solid gold bullshit.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Why do you think I’m here?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Like us. For the gold.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Sure, the gold, but what do you do
dialog: with it?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Spend it, obviously!
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: You really think you'll have time
dialog: to? With all the corpses you've
dialog: left behind, the Commodore, your
dialog: famous drunkenness...
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: MORRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: And if your pockets are full to
dialog: boot, something tells me you won't
dialog: be living to a ripe old age.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: And would your ideal society make a
dialog: difference?
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: I can’t say for you, but for me,
dialog: yes.
text: Charlie thinks.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
text: Or else it’s a scam. A trap for
dialog: suckers. Is that it?...
text: Morris gestures that he has heard enough.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Let me tell you something, John
dialog: Morris: you are one goddamned
dialog: arrogant asshole.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Let me tell you something, Charlie
dialog: Sisters: I couldn’t care less about
dialog: what you think... that is to say,
dialog: if you think.
scene_heading: 96 EXT CAMP DAY:
text: Eli goes to check the horses. They are all there, except for
text: Tub. A piece of old rope dangles where he had been attached.
text: Eli whistles, looks everywhere.
scene_heading: 97 EXT FOREST TUB HOLE DAY:
text: He notices some blood on a bush.
text: More, a little further on. Then hoof prints on the
text: ground...He reaches the edge of a landslide.
text: At the bottom of the ravine, Tub, motionless on his back,
text: hoofs up.
text: Eli looks at him, saddened.
scene_heading: 98A EXT RIVER BANK DAY:
dialog: 74.
text: Eli is sitting on the riverbank, looking at the reflection of
text: the sun in water, at the jumping trout.
speaker_heading: WARM (0.S.)
dialog: What are you doing here?
text: Eli turns around to see Warm coming towards him.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Nothing much.
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: I’m heading up to the dam to see if
text: the water has settled.
scene_heading: 98B EXT RIVER BANK DAY:
text: They are walking. At the bend, they see the dam where Morris
text: and Charlie are working and talking.
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: See that?
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Yeah, I get the impression Charlie
dialog: is changing...
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: You mean he’s not going to try to
dialog: kill us anymore?
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: It’s a little strange talking about
dialog: this with you, isn’t it?
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: It’s Better facing up to things.
dialog: You know, one day I asked
dialog: Morris how he ended up working for
dialog: aman like the Commodore. He said
dialog: something along the lines of... the
dialog: desire to break away from his
dialog: family, to live an adventure.
dialog: Honest enough. How about you? How
dialog: did you end up here?
text: Eli smiles.
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: Does my question bother you?
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: No, no, it’s just a long story.
dialog: Charlie was always violent.
dialog: When he got into a fight, it
dialog: usually would end badly. And when
dialog: you kill a man, you end up with his
dialog: father, his brother or his friends
dialog: on your tail, and you have to start
dialog: all over again. One thing leads to
dialog: another and I had to help him. He’s
dialog: my brother.
dialog: 75.
text: They walk in silence. At one point, Eli makes a face. He puts
text: his hand to his heart. He is dizzy.
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: You all right?
text: Eli shakes his head. His hand looks for something to
text: against. Warm helps him.
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: Must be the heat. We’ll sit here a
dialog: moment and it will pass.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: I’m sorry... I lost my horse... He
dialog: died, I mean... Tub is
dialog: dead... He was a middling horse,
dialog: but... I didn’t think it to affect
dialog: me like this...
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: When we were kids, Charlie killed
dialog: our father.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: I’m the older one. I should have
dialog: done it.
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: Do you regret that?
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Yes...‘cause after that, Charlie
dialog: was never the same.
dialog: lean
dialog: 76.
scene_heading: 99 EXT RIVER CAMP DAY:
text: Morning. Charlie sits on a rock, bare-chested. Eli is cutting
text: his hair.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: That was a very pleasant day, don’t
dialog: you think?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You get on well with Warm?
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: And you with Morris?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What did you talk about?
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: About us, about the Commodore...
dialog: About Pa. He’s an easy man to talk
dialog: to.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Tell me, what do you think the
dialog: Commodore will do when
dialog: he sees we're not coming back?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: He’1ll send men after us. We’1ll have
dialog: to get rid of them.
dialog: And the ones after, and all the
dialog: others he sends on our trail.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: And then?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: And then, sooner or later, to put
dialog: an end to it, we’ll have to kill
dialog: the Commodore...
text: Eli does a double take. He considers the possibility.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Imagine we manage to kill the
dialog: Commodore. What next?
text: Charlie doesn’t answer. Eli hesitates, then:
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: You take his place?
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Are you taking the Commodore's
dialog: place?
text: Charlie looks at him.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: How long have you been thinking
dialog: about it?
text: Charlie smiles, giving a small, mysterious shrug of the
dialog: shoulders.
scene_heading: 100A EXT RIVER DAM NIGHT:
text: They cover their legs with grease, they pour the solution
text: into smaller buckets.
text: Warm and Morris exchange a look of hope.
text: Warm looks straight to the lens. The smile on his face is
text: hard to read: an ambiguous mixture of worry and excitement.
scene_heading: 100B EXT RIVER DAM NIGHT:
text: In the moonlight, the dammed up water looks like a black
dialog: mirror.
text: Charlie and Eli are on the riverbank, next to one of the open
text: barrels. Morris is standing on the top of the beavers’ dam
text: with a long branch. Warm, also with a branch, is standing on
text: the other side of the river.
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: Once you’ve emptied the solution,
dialog: Morris and I will agitate the water
dialog: to increase the field of
dialog: illumination. Now once the formula
dialog: starts to activate, grab your
dialog: buckets and get to work!
dialog: Not a moment to lose.
text: Charlie and Eli lift the barrel and enter the water. They
text: pour out the dense, viscous formula. The odor disgusts them.
text: Warm and Morris hurry to stir the water with their branches,
text: dispersing the solution.
text: Charlie and Eli retreat to the riverbank, coughing.
dialog: 78.
text: They whack their branches on the water even harder, until
text: Warm motions them to stop.
text: The brothers wait on the bank. Still nothing.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What’s going on, Warm?
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: Just wait.
text: The four men stare at the black water, waiting.
text: Suddenly, a glow, then another, then... the river lights up.
text: The four men rush in with their buckets: Warm and Morris
text: under the dam, Charlie and Eli on the other side.
text: Innumerable tiny gold nuggets, now dots of light, as clear as
text: stars in the sky.
dialog: The four men work the river as fast as they can. All we can
text: hear is the clanking of the nuggets falling into the buckets.
text: The leafy trees look like a vault of gold overhead.
text: Eli stops a moment to watch the three men working. Their
text: faces are lit by the river. They all smile. A breeze plays
text: with their hair. Eli smiles too and goes back to work.
text: Then the glow dies down as quickly as it appeared. Slowly,
text: the leafy vault darkens.
text: Eli heads back to the bank, crying and coughing. He sees
text: Charlie banging away at the cover of another barrel.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: We'll dump it all in!
text: Warm sees him from the other bank.
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: Leave off! Eli, stop him!
text: Charlie lifts the barrel. He takes a few steps. He loses his
text: balance and falls. Thick liquid pours out of the barrel and
text: trickles onto his right hand, immediately attacking his skin.
text: The loose barrel rolls down to the river, where the formula
text: spreads in viscous filaments.
dialog: 79.
text: Blisters appear on Charlie’s forearm. They swell and pop like
text: a toad’s throat. He holds back a shriek of pain.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Charlie?
text: Behind him, the river shines again in the barrel’s wake.
text: Morris and Warm run across the dam. Morris trips. Eli sees
text: him fall into the water and disappear. He holds his breath.
text: Morris’s face resurfaces. He screams.
text: Eli sees Warm put down his bucket and immediately darts up:
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: No, Hermann, no!
text: But Warm jumps in and disappears, like Morris.
scene_heading: 101A EXT. RIVER DAM. NIGHT:
text: The water is black. Warm resurfaces, holding up Morris. They
text: cough, spit, gasp for breath. They collapse onto the sand.
scene_heading: 101B EXT WARM’S CAMP DAWN:
text: Day breaks slowly over a landscape that has lost its colors.
text: Dead beavers and fish wash up onto the gravel.
text: On the riverbank, Morris is dying.
text: A groan more painful than the others makes him turn his head.
text: Morris is looking at him. His face is horribly burnt, his
text: lips quiver as if trying to speak.
text: Charlie knows what he is begging for. He stands up and finds
text: a belt with weapons. He grabs one as best he can with his
text: left-hand fingers that still work.
text: He tosses the revolver to Morris, and then kicks it closer to
text: his hand.
scene_heading: 102A INT WARM AND MORRIS’S TENT. DAY:
dialog: 
text: Eli goes inside Warm’s tent.
text: Face ravaged by blisters. Milky eyes bulging out. Heavy
dialog: breathing.
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Hermann? Can I do something for
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: Morris? Is that you?
text: Eli starts to clarify, but...
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Yes, it’s me.
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: Oh, John! Where did you disappear
dialog: to?
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: I was getting some firewood.
speaker_heading: WARM
dialog: John, I feel I have known you a
dialog: long time. I’m sorry you died
dialog: before me. I wanted to help you. I
dialog: wanted to be your friend.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: You are my friend, Hermann.
text: Warm retches. His last sigh sounds like paper crumpling.
text: As Eli inches closer to Warm, a gunshot rings out. Eli stands
dialog: straight.
scene_heading: 102B EXT WARM AND MORRIS’S TENT. DAY:
text: Eli comes out of the tent. Charlie looks at him.
text: By his side, Morris, dead, holding the revolver against his
dialog: chest.
scene_heading: 103 EXT WARM AND MORRIS’S TENT. DAY:
text: Eli packs their bags to leave. He brings the results of the
text: night’s collection: a bucket two-thirds full of nuggets.
text: He manages to fit their treasure into Warm and Morris’
text: horse’s saddlebags.
text: Charlie is too weak and ill. He stays under the covers.
dialog: 81.
scene_heading: 104 INT MORRIS’ TENT. DAY:
text: Eli gathers Morris' things.
text: On a crate by the bed, he discovers a hardback notebook with
text: a title on its cover: "Adventure diary".
text: The pages are blackened with cramped, regular writing. Eli
text: feels a presence behind him. He leaves the tent.
speaker_heading: ELI (0.S.)
dialog: I must confess that the very
dialog: happiest moments of my life have
dialog: been spent in the wilderness of the
text: far west with the plentiful supply
dialog: of dry pine logs on the fire. I
dialog: would not... I would sit cross
dialog: legged enjoying the genial warmth
text: and watch the blue smoke as it
text: curled upwards.
scene_heading: 105A EXT MOUNTAINS. CALIFORNIA DAY:
text: The brothers walk down the river.
speaker_heading: ELI (0.S.)
dialog: Scarcely did I ever wish to change
dialog: such hours of freedom for all the
text: luxuries of civilized life.
scene_heading: 105B EXT MOUNTAINS. CALIFORNIA DAY:
text: In the steep passes, Eli has to tie Charlie to his back. An
dialog: ordeal.
scene_heading: 106 EXT CANYON CRANE DAY:
text: Eli hears a scream from behind. Charlie has fallen from his
text: horse. Eli rushes over.
scene_heading: 107 EXT CRANE’S TOWN DAY:
text: There are houses at the end of the road.
scene_heading: 108A INT DOCTOR CRANE’S PRACTICE/OPERATING ROOM DAY
text: A black forearm falls to the floor with a thud. Eli picks it
text: up and places it in the bucket nearby.
dialog: 82.
text: Doctor Crane cauterizes and bandages the stump.
text: Charlie is still asleep on the operating table.
text: Eli looks at the stump in the bucket.
scene_heading: 108B INT DOCTOR CRANE’S PRACTICE/OPERATING ROOM DAY:
dialog: 
text: A fly lands on Charlie’s mouth. Eli chases it away, wipes his
text: brother’s brow.
text: Eli sits back down. Behind him, the doctor is washing his
dialog: hands.
text: Noise in the vestibule. The doctor’s little girl has come
text: home. Father and daughter speak in hushed tones.
text: Then father and little girl enter the room. Doctor Crane
text: looks worried.
speaker_heading: CRANE
dialog: Sir, there are men asking about
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: What men?
speaker_heading: CRANE
text: In the street. Three of them.
text: Eli lifts the curtain and looks across the street. There is a
text: silhouette in front of the saloon/ general store.
text: The guy is not trying to hide. He nods, swaggering. He looks
text: like a killer.
text: Eli cautiously opens the door a chink.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Rex, shit !
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: Eli?
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Yes!
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: Is it true that Charlie is out of
dialog: the game?
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: What do you want?
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: Me? Nothing. The Commodore sent me.
dialog: It’s been a while since you left
text: and he’s growing impatient.
text: Eli peers into the street and sees two other silhouettes
text: behind him. When he looks back, he sees Charlie on the table.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: (to the doctor)
dialog: Is there a back door?
speaker_heading: CRANE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Go, go, go, go, go! Charlie,
dialog: Charlie get up ! We have to go.
text: Eli is about to lift Charlie to carry him. Charlie opens his
text: eyes and uses his good arm to grasp Eli’s collar. Eli does
dialog: not understand.
text: Charlie hangs on. Stares into his eyes, without letting up.
text: His stare is tantamount to an order.
text: He shakes his head in an irrevocable “no”.
text: Eli puts him back down. Charlie’s eyes remain glued to him.
speaker_heading: REX (0.S.)
dialog: Do I have to come in and get you?
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: No, I’m coming out!
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: First you toss your guns, then come
dialog: out with your hands up!
text: Eli goes to look for Charlie’s Colts. He slips them into the
text: back of his pants and undoes his belt.
scene_heading: 109 EXT STREET DAY:
text: He opens the door, tosses his belt and raises his hands.
speaker_heading: REX
dialog: Good. Come on out and talk!
text: Seen from behind, the butts of Charlie’s Colts stick up in
text: his pants.
dialog: 84.
scene_heading: 110 INT DOCTOR CRANE’S PRACTICE/OPERATING ROOM DAY:
dialog: 
text: Charlie lies on the operating table. His eyes are open. He
text: hears voices.
text: When the first gun goes off, his stump goes to draw.
text: Bullets shatter a window pane. The doctor and his daughter
text: crouch.
scene_heading: 111 EXT CRANE’S TOWN STREET DAY:
text: Two men lie sprawled across the street. One of them screams
text: in pain. Eli steps over and shoots him in the head.
text: The third man crawls to take shelter. Rex. Eli walks toward
text: him, crushes his back with his boot.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Are there others behind you?
text: Before Rex answers, Eli fires.
scene_heading: 112 EXT FOREST MAYFIELD DAY:
text: The brothers gallop on Rex’s horses, new boots and spurs on
dialog: their feet.
scene_heading: 113 EXT FOREST MAYFIELD DAY:
text: They try to find their buried treasure. But the mountain has
text: shifted and the spot is unrecognizable.
text: Charlie finally finds the fork in the tree and tries to line
text: up with it. All he can see are the disheveled fir trees, like
text: a box of matches spilled on a table.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Come on, let’s go.
text: Charlie looks around. Distraught.
scene_heading: 114 EXT ROCKY LANDSCAPE EVENING:
text: The sound of a cavalcade approaching. A group of horsemen
text: gallops by.
text: Hidden by the rocks, Eli watches them ride by. When he can no
text: longer hear them, he comes out of his hiding place, pulling
text: his horse by his tether.
dialog: 85.
text: Charlie leans over the horse’s neck to grab the reins with
text: his good hand.
text: He puts the reins in his left hand, spurs the horse and
text: passes in front. Eli follows him.
scene_heading: 115 EXT LANDSCAPE GUNFIGHT NIGHT:
dialog: Darkness.
text: Flashes of light and muted gunfire in the distance. We move
text: in slowly.
text: CUT TO.
text: Sheltered behind the trunks of felled trees, Eli shoots into
text: the shadows. The shadows shoot back.
text: Crouched next to him, Charlie reloads guns as best he can
text: with a bad hand.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: The horses! Get the horses to
dialog: safety!
text: Charlie makes the horses lie down and lies down alongside
dialog: them.
text: Charlie’s face against the horse’s side.
text: He closes his eyes. For the first time, he is afraid.
dialog: FADE TO...
scene_heading: 116A EXT PRAIRIE DAY:
text: A wide, flat landscape. On one end, the two brothers gallop,
text: followed on the other end by four men who start shooting at
text: them. In the distance, gunshots and smoke.
dialog: FADE TO...
scene_heading: 116B EXT PRAIRIE DAY:
text: Two men lie on the ground, dead. One of them has his foot
text: still caught in his horse’s stirrup. Charlie searches their
text: bodies, grabs their weapons and ammo, and hands them to Eli
text: who's still on his horse.
dialog: FADE TO...
dialog: 86.
scene_heading: 116C EXT PRAIRIE DAY:
text: Galloping again. The horses’ immaculate white coat.
dialog: FADE TO...
scene_heading: 117 EXT ROCKY LANDSCAPE NIGHT:
text: They have built a fire.
text: Charlie cries. Eli changes his brothers bandage wrapped up
text: around bloody stump.
dialog: woe oe
text: As he stands guard and finishes eating, Eli discreetly
text: watches him.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Rex and Sanchez, and those other
dialog: guys we didn’t even know... You
dialog: really think it’s a good idea to go
dialog: back up north?
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Well you know very well why were
dialog: going north. And you know what we
dialog: still have left to do.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I lost the hand that I work with.
dialog: You'll be on your own on this.
text: Charlie lets go of the powder flask. Eli wants to help
text: immediately, but stays where he is. Charlie has seen that and
text: keeps trying.
text: Eli can’t look at his brother struggling with the gun.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Are you ashamed of me?
text: Charlie’s eyes well with tears.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Do you mean what your saying?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Everything has fucking changed so
dialog: much.
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: No, nothing has changed. You’re my
dialog: little brother and I love you.
text: Eli empties his pan in the fire. It sizzles and smokes.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: In a week, we'll be in Oregon City,
dialog: and I‘1l kill the Commodore.
dialog: 
text: Charlie is lying asleep near the embers. Eli stands guard.
text: He hears his brother's sobs getting lost in the stillness of
dialog: the night.
scene_heading: 118: EXT. LANDSCAPE DAY:
text: The sun is beating down.
text: The two brothers are riding slowly. At one point, Eli stops,
text: around: empty landscape as the eye can see.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Hey, have you noticed how long it’s
dialog: been since anyone’s tried to kill
dialog: us?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I don’t know... three, four days ?
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Don’t you find that strange?
text: Charlie turns around now. He also finds it strange.
scene_heading: 119: INT/ EXT BARN OREGON CITY DAY.
text: Final rehearsal. Charlie repeats one last time.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You walk in the front door. Take
dialog: the staircase on the right, go up
text: make a left, the office is on the
text: second door on the left.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: How many guys are up there with him
dialog: usually?
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Usually there’s a guy sitting right
text: outside the office. And one in the
text: room further down.
text: They load their guns.
scene_heading: 120 EXT COMMODORE’S MANSION OREGON CITY- DAY:
text: With his remaining hand, still damaged, Charlie slips a gun
text: in his belt.
text: The brothers enter the town, which is strangely deserted.
text: They walk up the street. In the distance, a black cloth has
text: been striated around the large door of the Commodore's
dialog: mansion.
text: People scurry about underneath, as if waiting for something.
scene_heading: 121 INT. COMMODORE’S MANSION OREGON CITY- DAY:
text: The Sisters brothers are standing side by side in a wood-
text: paneled parlor.
text: Eli takes off his hat. Charlie follows suit.
text: Behind them, townsfolk dressed in black, sitting on two rows
dialog: of benches.
text: In front of them: an open coffin. Inside, the Commodore's
text: corpse, lying on ice.
text: An undertaker is standing nearby, waiting to hammer the lid
dialog: on.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Fuck! You must be disappointed.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Yeah, kinda.
speaker_heading: MAN:
dialog: Sir? I think no one else may be
dialog: coming. May we close the casket?
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Sure.
dialog: 89.
text: They put on their hats and start to leave.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Hold on.
text: Eli turns around, steps back to the coffin, gun in hand, and
text: brings it slamming down on the dead man’s face.
text: An unpleasant cracking sound. Ice cubes bounce on the wood
dialog: floor.
text: General astonishment. Eli raises his hand to calm everyone
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Just making sure.
text: Then they leave.
scene_heading: 122 EXT OREGON CITY DAY:
text: They gallop out of town and up to the plain.
text: The evening falls.
text: Their conversation continues, indistinct in the distance.
scene_heading: 123 EXT SISTERS FARM DAY :
text: The sun is about to rise. At a bend in the road, a modest
text: farm appears: barn, stables, farmyard, fenced in vegetable
dialog: patch.
text: As Eli and Charlie head up the slope, a woman appears in the
dialog: doorway.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Hey, if you come any closer I'll
dialog: shoot you!
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: It’s us Ma’.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: It’s your sons, it’s Charlie and
dialog: Eli!
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: My sons? Oh my god, well why, why
dialog: did you come, why did you come
dialog: back?
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: To see you Ma’.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: If you came here to hide or to run
dialog: away from something you just turn
dialog: around, I don’t wanna see ya!
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: No we're tired Ma’. We just want to
dialog: come home.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: We just came here to see you. I
dialog: swear.
speaker_heading: ELI
dialog: Please?
scene_heading: 124 INT SISTERS FARM / BEDROOM DAY
dialog: 
text: Eli watches his mother’s old hand stroking Charlie’s face.
text: They speak, but he does not hear what they are saying.
text: He walks around the house, his eyes lingering on the walls,
text: he finds the a measuring rod, marked with names and numbers:
text: Charlie, a date, a height, Eli, a date, a height.
text: He pushes open the door to their bedroom. Their beds are
text: there, one on each side of the room.
text: Behind him, he hears the voices of Charlie and their mother.
text: Eli sits down, pulls off his boots, lies down on the bed,
text: soothed by their voices.
text: He stares at the piece of cloth over the window, gently
text: billowing in the breeze. Lulled by its back and forth, his
text: eyelids grow heavy. His feet are twenty inches too long for
dialog: the bed.
text: On the floor, through the curtains’ sway, the breaking light
dialog: of day.
text: THE END.
dialog: 
