scene_heading: THE HUNGER GAMES
dialog: Written by
dialog: Gary Ross
dialog: Suzanne Collins
dialog: Billy Ray
text: FADE IN... on a PROLOGUE - words on a screen:
dialog: "The cause was a rebellion - called The Dark Days - the
text: thirteen districts of Panem rising up against the Capitol.
dialog: The rebellion was crushed. One District, the 13th, was
text: destroyed entirely. The other twelve barely survived.
dialog: When it was over, The Capitol decreed that those twelve
text: Districts - as a brutal reminder of their treasonous
dialog: rebellion ~ would forever suffer a punishment, once a year.
dialog: It was called The Hunger Games."
text: As those last words linger, we SMASH TO:
dialog: .-.a nightmare. Please, God, let it be a nightmare. We are:
scene_heading: EXT. ABANDONED RESORT TOWN - DAY
text: We're RUNNING through a battle-zone. BODIES right and left,
text: strewn on a street. We keep running, dodging death itself.
text: An ARROW just whizzed by us, barely missing, banging noisily
text: into what used to be a newsstand. Another arrow buzzes past.
text: Running, desperate - hearing our own footsteps, our shallow
text: breaths and groans of fear. There's another body on a
text: sidewalk, semi-impaled. This is a perfect Hell.
text: It used to be Aspen - 300 years ago. Abandoned now, overgrown
text: with foliage, decaying, dead.
text: We run around a corner, our heart rate spiking -~ a KNIFE,
text: hurtling at us out of nowhere. PFFFT! It buries itself into
text: our left arm. The pain is searing. We falter...
dialog: But we have to keep running, have to get to safety. Our eyes
text: darting, looking for somewhere to hide--
dialog: Old Coffee Shops, Ski Rental Shops, Yogurt shops - skeletal
text: now, covered in vegetation, their windows long since blown
text: away. Death waiting inside all of them. Then:
text: A SPEAR, thrown from what used to be a second-story window.
text: We DIVE OUT of its way. It just misses us. But we've landed
text: on that wounded arm. More searing pain.
text: We get to our feet. Please let this end. Behind us we hear
text: VOICES YELLING: “Get him!" We don't look back. Just can't.
text: There's a corner up ahead. Safety. We reach it, turning...
text: .-.to find a WELL-BUILT KID of 17 awaiting us, with a SPIKED
text: MACE in his arms. He swings it at us - at our head...
dialog: *
text: THEN - POP! - BLACKNESS, like a video feed shorting. We are: *
scene_heading: EXT. DISTRICT 12 - TOWN SQUARE - DAY
text: A bleak Town Square in what used to be Coal Country, known
text: now as "The Seam" - a colorless world of sagging buildings
text: and cinder streets; even the trees seem gray here.
text: Despair, poverty, hunger... And TV. A huge screen in the
dialog: heart of this Town Square, where 2,000 townspeople just
text: watched that horrific death, live and in color.
text: Their eyes are blank, lifeless. Years of struggle and death
text: etched into every face - as we hear the VOICE of famed
scene_heading: broadcaster CLAUDIUS TEMPLESMITH:
speaker_heading: TEMPLESMITH (THRU TV)
dialog: Oh, that's too bad. Sage Blanken goes
dialog: down, knocked out by that Prospero
dialog: boy from District Three - who
dialog: certainly is handy with a mace!
text: Once again, both Tributes from
dialog: District 12 are out. But at least
dialog: they got one into Day Two this year!
text: 2,000 townsfolk, watching the bloodbath on that huge screen:
text: A GIRL darts across another overgrown street in that
text: abandoned resort town. The long tongue of a WHIP lashes out,
text: trying to trip her. She bounds over it...
dialog: +-.as we start drifting through this Town Square...
speaker_heading: TEMPLESMITH (THRU TV, O.S.)
dialog: Don't forget, friends, to VOTE for
dialog: your favorite Tribute! The cost is
dialog: six Florins - or eight Florins once
text: The Games are down to the Final Four.
text: We come upon a cluster of TOWNSFOLK, surrounding a stunned
text: WOMAN. This is CORRINA - her face white with grief.
dialog: ---because it was her son that just died on that big screen.
text: A WAIL rises out of her - pure agony. A keening shriek... *
dialog: *
text: »+.as KATNISS EVERDEEN walks past without turning. She's 15,
text: lean and hungry, with steel-gray eyes and a long dark braid -
dialog: *
text: a fighter, robbed of her little-girl years long ago. *
text: On her right is that huge screen, broadcasting more of the *
text: spectacle. On her left, NEIGHBORS lead a shell-shocked *
text: Corrina away. Katniss continues through the Square. *
text: @ ...to find her sister, PRIMROSE EVERDEEN, (11, barely hanging
text: on to some innocence.) Prim quietly watches the Games.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: I'm gonna go catch some dinner.
speaker_heading: PRIM
dialog: Can I come?
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: It's sweet that you keep asking -
dialog: when you know I'm going to say no.
speaker_heading: PRIM
dialog: You're gonna have to teach me
text: eventually, Katniss.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: "Eventually" is a long time from now,
dialog: Prim. Look in on Mom.
text: Prim nods. Katniss drifts out of the Town Square, onto what
text: was once a viable Main Street, bleak now. Behind her, 2,000
text: people keep watching The Games in a semi-hypnotic fog.
text: .--except for one: PEETA MELLARK, a broad-shouldered boy of
text: 16, whose eyes, now and forever, are following Katniss - as:
speaker_heading: TEMPLESMITH (THRU TV)
dialog: Yet another disappointment for the
dialog: folks from Coal Country and their
dialog: sotted mentor, Haymitch Abernathy...
scene_heading: INT. HAYMITCH'S QUARTERS - GAMES CENTER - SAME (DAY)
text: HAYMITCH ABERNATHY, 40, watches the broadcast from inside a
text: fishbowl. The walls around him are WINDOWS, looking out on:
text: The GAMES CENTER, Mission Control for "The Hunger Games."
text: Huge screens. Data. Dazzling technology.
text: Haymitch eyes it bitterly, slugs down some pale alcohol, as:
scene_heading: EXT. DISTRICT 12 OUTSKIRTS - MEADOW/FOREST - DAY
text: An untended MEADOW gives way to a large CHAIN-LINK FENCE that
text: stretches on forever. On the other side of it, FOREST.
text: SIGNS line the fence: "No Trespassing Beyond This Point."
text: "Violators Will Be Electrocuted." "Poaching is a Felony."
text: eo Katniss, unimpressed, throws a stick at the fence. Nothing
text: happens. She crawls under it, scooting in unharmed.
scene_heading: © EXT. FOREST - DAY
text: She heads for a felled LOG, reaches into its hollow. Feeling
dialog: for something, then extracts it: ~
text: A BOW, and ARROWS, wrapped in a sheath of plastic.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - CLEARING - DAY
text: Katniss is a born hunter. A born climber too. With her bow
text: and arrow slung on her back, she climbs a tall tree,
text: navigating the branches like a monkey.
scene_heading: EXT. TREE - BRANCH - CONTINUING
text: She settles, 30 feet up. Great vantage-point. And there it
text: is, below - a WILD TURKEY. Katniss draws back her bow...
scene_heading: EXT. ANOTHER CLEARING - LATER DAY
text: The dead turkey has been tied to a stick, resting by
text: Katniss's side. She's behind a ROCK, scouting her next kill:
text: Two large gray RABBITS. Maybe 30 yards from here. Katniss
text: lines one up, draws back her bow. Tension in the string...
text: @ ..-when, suddenly, a HAND i: laced over mouth. Someone has
text: just come up behind her, out of nowhere. A BOY, whispering:
speaker_heading: GALE ("BOY")
dialog: You're good. But I'm still better.
text: This is GALE HAWTHORNE, 17, her best friend/hunting partner. *
text: Handsome, dark-haired, he loves being with her, (more than
dialog: *
dialog: he'd ever admit, even to himself.) Loves teasing her. *
text: -+-until she bites his finger, playfully. *
speaker_heading: GALE (CONT'D)
dialog: ow!
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: How do you do that? How do you move
dialog: without making a sound?
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: I'm lightfooted.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Get to work.
text: eo She gestures to the two large rabbits, drawing back her bow.
text: Gale draws his as well. They fire at the same time...
scene_heading: @ EXT. CREEK - LATER DAY
text: Six rabbits on a stick now, and a second Wild Turkey. Gale
text: and Katniss sit by a stream, eating fresh-picked greens. He's
text: about to eat one when she yanks it away.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: What'd you do that for?
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: That's Fawn's Leaf. You wanna throw
dialog: up all night?
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: I'd rather eat the rabbits, ya know? *
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Great. And what would we have to
dialog: trade with?
text: A lousy reality. He pushes the rest of the "meal" away.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: I didn't watch this morning. Is the
dialog: Blanken kid still in it?
dialog: (Katniss shakes her head)
dialog: @ So we're out again. Like every year.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: I think the guy from 2 is gonna win.
text: Gale draws his bow back, indulging in a juvenile fantasy: *
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: One day, one of these'll be aimed at
dialog: Claudius Templesmith. And another one
text: at Seneca Crane. The last one at
dialog: President Snow. No more Games.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Right, except your name's gonna be
dialog: entered -- how many times? -- forty
dialog: two times in the Reaping next year?
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: My family needs grain and oil,
dialog: Katniss. Yours too.
text: Then, in a blur, Katniss grabs her bow, wheels around, and
text: aims fifty feet over Gale's head: PFFFFT. Just bagged a
text: e SQUIRREL, high up in a branch. She starts to climb toward it.
speaker_heading: @ GALE (CONT'D)
dialog: Don't bother. It's too...
dialog: (she's already gone)
dialog: High.
text: Katniss is halfway up the tree. Gale sighs, to himself:
speaker_heading: GALE (CONT'D)
dialog: Or we could just stay out here...
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Oh. I almost forgot.
dialog: (tony Capitol accent: )
dialog: Happy Hunger Games! And may the odds
dialog: be--
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: --ever in your favor...
text: She climbs, disappearing up that impossibly-tall tree.
scene_heading: EXT. ANOTHER CLEARING - LATER DAY
text: They head for the electric fence with their haul. Katniss
text: spots something - bends down for it:
dialog: 
text: @ Purple berries, growing at the base of a tree. She eyes them,
text: then picks a few, putting them into the pouch on her hip.
text: Gale watches her... silent... until:
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: We could do it, ya know.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Do what?
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: Leave the District. Stay out here, in
dialog: the woods. We could make it.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Who'd take care of Prim? And my mom?
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: No, I don't mean now. Obviously. I
dialog: mean, when Prim got older.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Didn't really think this through -
dialog: ) did you?
text: She's trying to diffuse it. He reddens a bit.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: Unless you'd rather move into town
dialog: and marry a coal-miner. Or a baker.
dialog: Have ten kids or something.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: These are my options?
dialog: (Gale's silent)
dialog: And I'm never having kids. With
dialog: anybody. Not in this world. But
dialog: thanks.
text: They share a look...until an odd SILENCE suddenly falls...
text: The birds in the forest stop singing. Nothing moves. Eerie.
text: ...Then a BLUR, racing past us in sheer terror.
text: It's a RED-HAIRED GIRL, (her name's LAVINIA), Katniss's age,
text: but dressed differently. Running for her life now.
speaker_heading: KATNISS (CONT'D)
dialog: What was--
text: That fast, Lavinia is gone, racing for the fence. Katniss and
text: Gale whip around, to see what's chasing the poor kid.
dialog: There's nothing back there.
text: ..-until they hear it, from above... A HOVERCRAFT. Huge, its
text: propwash blowing treetops sideways over the fleeing Lavinia.
text: Katniss and Gale hide behind a rock-shelf, watching, as the
text: VOICE of an UNSEEN OFFICIAL booms from inside t raft:
speaker_heading: UNSEEN VOICE
dialog: Surrender! You are to be returned to
dialog: The Capitol for adjudication!
text: Lavinia is frantic, almost at the fence... when a GIANT NET
text: drops from the hovercraft like a rock, enveloping her.
text: She looks to Katniss and Gale, her eyes desperate. Help me...
text: Gale starts to rise - but Katniss yanks him back down.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: They'll kill you.
text: Before Gale can reply, the net tightens, yanking Lavinia into
text: the air. And she's GONE, into the Hovercraft, abducted in
text: mere seconds. Katniss just stares. We DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: *
scene_heading: INT. "THE HOB" - LATE DAY
text: Used to be a COAL WAREHOUSE. Now it's a BLACK MARKET: carts
text: offering food, salt, coats, herbs - and all of it dicey.
text: The feeling is hushed, dark, desperate. Gale trades with a
text: woman named GREASY SAE: some greens for a chunk of PARAFFIN.
text: Nearby, Katniss barters with a bread-seller named OPEQUON,
text: who is eyeing her dead rabbits, evaluating two side by side.
speaker_heading: OPEQUON
dialog: Looks narrow to me. I want that one.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: That one's spoken for. This is the
dialog: one I'm trading.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: OPEQUON
dialog: Looks narrow to me.
speaker_heading: PEETA (0.S.)
dialog: I'll give ya two for it.
text: Katniss and Opequon turn: here's Peeta Mellark, approaching
text: with two loaves of bread in hand. Katniss appreciates the
text: offer. Opequon doesn't, glaring right through Peeta, as:
speaker_heading: OPEQUON
dialog: I was offering one.
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: I think it's worth two.
text: Opequon grumbles, goes. Katniss grins as Peeta hands her the
text: loaves of bread. (One of them is slightly black on top.)
speaker_heading: PEETA (CONT'D)
dialog: This one's a little burned, so we
dialog: couldn't sell it anyway.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: What happened to your eye, Peeta?
text: Peeta'd been trying to conceal it, but he has a SHINER...
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: Oh. Just wasn't looking where I was
dialog: going.
text: She nods, hands over the rabbit. It's time to move on...
dialog: +--So how come Peeta's still standing here?
speaker_heading: PEETA (CONT'D)
dialog: I'll see ya, Katniss.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: ‘Night, Peeta. Thanks.
text: He drifts off. She goes in the opposite direction. Gale, not
text: far from here, takes note, then returns to his trading.
text: We FOLLOW KATNISS, through this warehouse of starving crumb-
text: sellers, when something catches her eye:
text: Corrina, the woman who lost a son this morning, sitting on a
text: stool, her eyes haunted - as her husband TYGART hawks some
text: meager-looking CHESTNUTS.
text: Tygart is in a fog, but Corrina is catatonic. Katniss pauses,
text: torn... then makes a decision. She passes by Tygart, and:
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: These'll help her sleep. My mom takes
dialog: ‘em.
text: She hands over two of the PURPLE BERRIES she picked today -
text: and she's gone... before Tygart can even say thank you.
scene_heading: EXT. DISTRICT 12 - PEERLESS STREET - NIGHT
text: Katniss pulls a rickety wagon over cinder streets. A TRAIN
text: rumbles outside town, loaded with coal. On its side:
dialog: "District 12 Coal - Powering the Capitol for 300 Years."
text: There are no streetlights on - no power to feed them - but
text: that HUGE TV in the Town Square is on, as always... beaming
text: The Hunger Games, death as entertainment. A CROWD watches.
text: Katniss walks by without looking up.
scene_heading: EXT. HOLLER ST. - KATNISS'S HOME - NIGHT
text: Small, crammed in, untended. Katniss leaves her wagon in the
text: yard, where a small GOAT is tethered.
scene_heading: INT. KATNISS'S HOME - NIGHT
text: Dusty, unkempt. At a table sits MRS. EVERDEEN. She's 40 but
text: looks 60, deadened by grief and fear. Katniss enters.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: I'm home.
speaker_heading: PRIM
dialog: Katniss!
dialog: 10.
text: Prim runs in, hugs her older sister. The bond here is deep.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Look what I traded for.
text: Katniss holds up TWO THREADBARE COATS she traded for today.
speaker_heading: PRIM
dialog: Whoa! Coats!
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Yours are both so worn. Let me see if
dialog: it fits.
text: Prim throws hers on. She's swimming in it.
speaker_heading: PRIM
dialog: Perfect!
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Mom?
text: No reply. Katniss crosses to Mrs. Everdeen. A cat, BUTTERCUP,
text: (mashed-in face, half an ear missing) jumps in the way.
speaker_heading: KATNISS (CONT'D)
dialog: Move, Buttercup.
speaker_heading: PRIM
dialog: Be sweet with him.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Why, did he catch a mouse today? Did
dialog: he do anything useful?
dialog: (Buttercup hisses a bit)
dialog: Another mouth to feed.
text: She pushes Buttercup aside without much fanfare, then puts
text: the other coat across her mom's shoulders. No reaction.
speaker_heading: PRIM
dialog: What about you, Katniss?
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Mine's fine. Stand up, Mom. Let me
dialog: see.
scene_heading: MRS. EVERDEEN
dialog: I don't like you going to The Hob.
dialog: (Katniss rolls her eyes)
dialog: Peacekeepers're gonna shut it down
dialog: eventually.
dialog: *
dialog: + ee
dialog: *
dialog: +e
dialog: 11.
text: Katniss looks to Prim, who loves being in on a joke:
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PRIM
dialog: Eventually is a long time from now,
dialog: Mom.
speaker_heading: KATNISS *
dialog: And the Peacekeepers trade there too. *
text: Mrs. Everdeen nods blankly. It saddens Katniss and Prim. *
speaker_heading: KATNISS (CONT'D)
dialog: C'mon, Prim. Help me with supper.
scene_heading: INT. KATNISS'S HOME - DEN - LATE NIGHT
text: The girls share a bed in the Den. Looking down from a mantle
text: is a picture of their FATHER. He had kind eyes...
speaker_heading: PRIM
dialog: Katniss?
dialog: (Katniss waits)
dialog: What happens if they call you at The
dialog: Reaping next year?
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Why would they call me?
speaker_heading: PRIM
dialog: I'm not dumb, Katniss. I know that
dialog: every time you take out tesserae to
dialog: get us stuff it means your name's
dialog: gonna be in there more times next
dialog: year.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Don't worry. There'll be people with
dialog: their names in there lots more times
dialog: than me.
speaker_heading: PRIM
dialog: still.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
speaker_heading: Ssshbh.
text: Prim falls silent. But just for a second.
speaker_heading: PRIM
dialog: Katniss...?
speaker_heading: KATNISS
text: Mmm—-hmmm.
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: PRIM
dialog: Will you sing it?
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Which one?
speaker_heading: PRIM
dialog: The one Dad always sang?
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: And then you'll sleep?
speaker_heading: PRIM
dialog: I promise.
text: Katniss clears her throat, then:
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Deep in the Meadow/Under a willow/
dialog: A bed of grass/A soft green pillow/
dialog: Lay down your head/Close your sleepy
dialog: eyes/When they open again/The Sun
dialog: will rise...
text: Prim's eyes close. We DRIFT THROUGH this home... to find:
text: Mrs. Everdeen is across the room, wide awake, listening...
speaker_heading: KATNISS (CONT'D)
dialog: Here it's safe/Here it's warm/
dialog: Daisies guard you from every harm/
dialog: Dreams are sweet/They all come true/
dialog: Here is the place where I love you.
text: Mrs. Everdeen quietly weeps - pure dread. We GO TO BLACK:
text: ++-over which, a SUPER: "One Year Later." Then SMASH TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LOCATION UNKNOWN - MORNING
text: INSERTS, in rapid fire:
text: A COMBAT KNIFE - placed on what looks like a brass table-top.
text: A SPEAR - lain carefully beside the knife.
text: A SPIKED MACE stands against a sheer wall.
text: Lastly, a BOW and ARROWS are hung on a hook. Someone is
text: preparing an arena for The Hunger Games. We CUT TO:
dialog: 13.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST —- LOCATION UNKNOWN - MORNING
text: A pack of WILD DOGS prowls menacingly. These things are HUGE,
text: the size of bulls. With fangs and hungry eyes.
text: But they're being tracked - by a pair of HUNTING RIFLES, 200
text: yards away. Darts are chambered into each rifle... as:
scene_heading: INT. CAPITOL - GAMES CENTER - MORNING
text: SENECA CRANE, a dark genius, looks over his domain.
text: This is Mission Control, (seen from the windows surrounding
dialog: Haymitch's quarters last year.) It's NASA on steroids: huge
text: screens, data, massive electronic coverage.
text: On an ILLUMINATED BOARD we see 24 EMPTY SLOTS, two for every
dialog: District. Names will go here; two from District 12... Seneca
text: eyes it, then spots something that irritates him greatly:
text: An assistant, BETTO, is virtually drawing on a monitor (it's
text: a hobby) - unaware that Seneca is in the vicinity... until
text: Seneca leans in and angrily deletes Betto's screen. Uh-oh.
speaker_heading: SENECA
dialog: You're here to work, Betto.
dialog: (Betto gulps)
dialog: Unless you think all those Tributes
dialog: are just going to kill themselves.
text: He walks away. Betto's too shaken to blink.
scene_heading: INT. KATNISS'S HOME - MORNING
text: A quiet, somber feeling in here, like dressing for a funeral.
text: Katniss steps into a worn blue dress. Prim, now 12, tucks a
text: white blouse into a skirt. Their mother opens a wooden box.
scene_heading: MRS. EVERDEEN
dialog: I thought you might like to wear
dialog: this, Prim.
text: She shows Prim a GOLD MOCKINGJAY PIN. Beautiful.
speaker_heading: PRIM
dialog: Why do we have to dress up for the
dialog: reaping?
scene_heading: MRS. EVERDEEN
dialog: It's expected.
dialog: (offering the pin)
dialog: Take it. Dad loved mockingjays.
dialog: *
dialog: +e
dialog: ee
dialog: *
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: PRIM
dialog: What if I lose it?
text: Mrs. Everdeen shrugs. Prim takes the pin, tries to fix it to
text: her blouse, but her trembling fingers won't co-operate. So *
text: Katniss steps in and does it for her.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: We'll pin it on tight. There.
text: Katniss turns away - but Prim grabs her hand, urgently:
speaker_heading: PRIM
dialog: They can't take you. Tell me they
dialog: can't take you.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Don't worry, Prim. We've used up all
dialog: our bad luck already.
text: The sisters study one another, then Prim turns away.
speaker_heading: KATNISS (CONT'D)
dialog: Tuck in your tail, little duck.
text: Prim's shirttail sticks out. Katniss takes care of it.
speaker_heading: PRIM
dialog: Quack.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Quack, yourself.
text: Katniss hugs Prim tightly - letting on for the first time how
text: unnerving all this is - then kisses the top of her head.
speaker_heading: KATNISS (CONT'D)
dialog: Can't be late, right?
scene_heading: EXT. DISTRICT 12 - TOWN SQUARE - MIDDAY
text: Packed - by the 8,000 RESIDENTS of District 12. They fill
text: adjacent streets too. CAMERA CREWS look down from rooftops.
text: In front of the Justice Building we find a PODIUM, three
text: chairs, a microphone... and two large GLASS BALLS, containing *
text: thousands of slips of paper. On each slip, a name... *
text: Katniss guides a white-with-fear Prim through the crowd. *
text: There's a grim buzz in the air, a shared tension.
text: PEACEKEEPERS in white uniforms herd everyone along: *
dialog: 
dialog: 15.
scene_heading: UNNAMED PEACEKEEPER
dialog: All candidates stand with the others
dialog: in their age group! Twelve year-olds
dialog: here! Thirteens here!
dialog: ++-as we realize that the only people in this Square are
text: CHILDREN. 12 to 18. Adults stand outside the ropes.
text: Mrs. Everdeen is one of them, staring blankly.
text: Katniss guides Prim through. ANOTHER PEACKEEPER steps in.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: She's twelve.
text: He tugs Prim away. She calls out to Katniss, desperately: *
speaker_heading: PRIM
dialog: They call your name - you run, okay? *
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: I'll see you at dinner. Dress casual.
text: A reassuring smile - it helps - until Prim is led into the
text: herd of twelve year-olds, waiting together. Katniss turns
text: away, passing one tense teenage face after another, as: *
text: MAYOR UNDERSEE speaks into the microphone on the podium: *
speaker_heading: MAYOR UNDERSEE
dialog: My Friends of District Twelve, in
dialog: anticipation of the Seventy-Fourth
dialog: Hunger Games, I welcome you to
dialog: Reaping Day...
text: Tepid applause. His speech continues, in b.g., as Katniss
text: drifts through. Not far from here are the EIGHTTEENS, maybe
text: 200 kids, trying not to look terrified. Gale is among them.
text: It's just a look between him and Katniss, but it's loaded: "I *
text: hope it's not you." Gale smiles a thin smile. Katniss turns
text: away, finds her place in the herd of SIXTEENS. *
text: Plenty of posturing around her, all of it hiding terror. *
speaker_heading: MAYOR UNDERSEE (CONT'D)
dialog: This Day, like The Games themselves,
dialog: provides us a chance to reflect on
dialog: the costs of our violent rebellion
dialog: all those years ago, and to be
dialog: grateful for the kindness now shown
dialog: to us by the Capitol. It’s a time for
dialog: both repentance and for thanks.
dialog: 
dialog: 16.
text: Behind Undersee on the stage is EFFIE TRINKET, (her suit lime-
text: green, her hair pink.) Beside her is an empty chair... until:
speaker_heading: HAYMITCH
dialog: ‘Scuse me. Sorry to be late.
text: Haymitch Abernathy stumbles on to the stage, inebriated. The
text: TV CAMERAS ZOOM IN on him... as Mayor Undersee continues:
speaker_heading: MAYOR UNDERSEE
dialog: By law, each District is required to
dialog: send one boy and one girl into the
dialog: Games each year. 24 young people,
dialog: fighting to the death until one
text: emerges victorious - bringing great
dialog: pride, and great material reward, to
dialog: his or her District. Joining me now
dialog: on stage is the only Tribute from our
dialog: fair District to have ever done so.
dialog: Please welcome Haymitch Abernathy.
text: Haymitch rises drunkenly and gives the mayor an enthusiastic
text: slap on the back. But when he tries to hug Effie, he ends up
text: lurching across her and slamming into the empty chair.
text: And it all just went out LIVE, across Panem. The kids stifle
text: nervous laughter.
text: +..as Effie, tight-lipped but professional, straightens her
text: wig. And Mayor Undersee does his best to go on.
speaker_heading: MAYOR UNDERSEE (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm sure whoever's chosen today will -
text: under Haymitch's steady guidance -
dialog: represent our District well.
text: Katniss tightens. Another look to Gale.
speaker_heading: MAYOR UNDERSEE (CONT'D)
dialog: Now it’s my privilege to introduce
dialog: our tributes’ escort. Joining us from
dialog: the Capitol, Miss Effie Trinket.
text: One hand steadying her wig, Effie trots to the podium.
text: Bright and bubbly, she speaks in a stilted Capitol accent.
speaker_heading: EFFIE
dialog: Happy Hunger Games! And may the odds
dialog: be EVER in your favor! I know you're
dialog: all excited, so let’s get right to
dialog: the drawing! Boys first this year!
text: Nobody breathes. Hardened coal mining families - terrified.
dialog: 
dialog: 17.
text: Even the COAL-TRAIN on the elevated track a few blocks away
text: has come to a stop, its CONDUCTOR watching.
text: Effie squeezes her eyes shut, sticks her hand in the ball on
text: the boys' side, and plucks a name out.
text: CLOSE ON Katniss, jaw clenched, fingers crossed at her side.
speaker_heading: EFFIE (CONT'D)
dialog: The boy tribute from District Twelve
dialog: is--
dialog: We PUSH IN on Gale, as...
speaker_heading: EFFIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Peeta Meelark!
text: ..-.which is when we find Peeta, just a few feet from Katniss -
text: she'd somehow not noticed him before.
text: But she turns - just in time to see his face go pale... A
text: GROAN goes up from his PARENTS, outside the ropes.
text: TWO PEACEKEEPERS come to collect him as he steadies himself.
text: Katniss can't meet his eye, can barely mutter:
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Sorry, Peeta.
text: Somehow he breathes out a smile, despite the horror. It
text: surprises her. Then Peeta's gone, and:
speaker_heading: EFFIE
dialog: I'm sure Peeta will do a wonderful
dialog: job for us. Now, the ladies!
text: Not far from here, PEETA'S MOTHER has just fainted dead away.
text: Her HUSBAND is trying to revive her. Every boy who wasn't
text: chosen - except for Gale - is sagging with relief.
text: -+-as Peeta mounts the stage silently. And Effie digs her
text: hand into the GIRLS' GLASS BALL, and...
speaker_heading: EFFIE (CONT'D)
dialog: The Girl Tribute from District Twelve
dialog: will be...
dialog: (Katniss gulps...)
dialog: Primrose Everdeen!
text: And the world simply stops. Time itself seems to hover.
text: Katniss freezes, replaying it in her head. Must have heard it *
text: wrong. Prim too - a look of utter confusion on her face... *
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: PRIM
dialog: Katniss?
text: The Square is deathly SILENT. No one can believe what they
text: just heard. Mrs. Everdeen staggers. Gale just stares, dazed:
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: (mumbled, to no one)
dialog: But... her name was only in there
dialog: once.
text: And here's Prim, lost, surrounded by TWELVE YEAR-OLDS...
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PRIM (CONT'D)
dialog: Katniss?
text: Katniss slumps backward, dumb-struck. ANOTHER GIRL steadies
text: her. Everything's spinning. Then she sees - dimly - TWO MORE
text: PEACEKEEPERS bulling their way through the 12 year-olds...
text: Prim's face fills the huge tv screens - a lost little girl,
text: her head swimming. The Peacekeepers begin to pull her away.
text: And all Prim can think to do is tuck in that loose shirttail
text: again as she's tugged through the crowd... We PUSH IN on
text: Katniss, the world crashing around her - until:
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: {top of her lungs)
dialog: I volunteer!
text: Hold it. Everything just stopped again. All eyes - even those
text: of the cameras - now find Katniss... whose voice seems to be
text: operating on its own.
speaker_heading: KATNISS (CONT'D)
dialog: I volunteer as tribute!
text: No one replies. On the faces of Gale, Peeta, Effie, everyone -
text: shock. Katniss heads for the stage, almost in a trance.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: Katniss...
text: Katniss keeps walking - all eyes on her - nearing her sister,
text: who is too dazed to reply. Can barely mutter:
speaker_heading: PRIM
dialog: No...
text: Katniss walks right past her. Peeta watches from the stage.
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: @ KATNISS
dialog: My name is Katniss Everdeen. I'1l
dialog: represent District Twelve.
speaker_heading: EFFIE
dialog: Well, bravo! Brava! Quite a gesture!
dialog: And there's nothing in the rules
dialog: forbidding it, is there Haymitch?
text: Haymitch, his drunken brain catching up, shakes his head.
text: So Katniss keeps coming... even as Prim grabs her.
speaker_heading: PRIM
dialog: No, Katniss! No! You can’t!
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: (pulling herself free)
dialog: It's okay, Prim.
speaker_heading: PRIM
dialog: (not letting go)
dialog: You can't! I won't let you!
text: All of it going out LIVE. Gale steps forward. His eyes meet
text: Katniss's - another loaded moment - and he does what she's
text: begging him to do... pulling Prim away.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: I've got her.
text: The Peacekeepers lead Katniss away. Prim shrieks, crying:
speaker_heading: PRIM
dialog: No! Don’t take her! Don’t!
text: Gale carries Prim off as Katniss mounts the steps.
speaker_heading: EFFIE
dialog: I bet my buttons that was your
dialog: sister, wasn't it! Don’t want her to
dialog: steal all the glory, do we? Let's
dialog: give a big round of applause for our
dialog: latest tribute!
text: No one claps. Instead, they do something else - a gesture:
text: In unison, the people here touch the three middle fingers of
text: their left hand to their lips and then hold it out to her. It
text: is a gesture of immense respect. Also a fond farewell.
text: ©@ Katniss acknowledges it silently from the stage. Then the
text: NATIONAL ANTHEM begins to play through LOUDSPEAKERS.
dialog: 20.
text: Peeta is beside her. Gale is suddenly a world away. And she
text: is fighting back tears as we CRANE UP... until she's just a
dialog: tiny dot in this Town Square...
scene_heading: INT. JUSTICE BUILDING - SITTING ROOM - DAY
text: Katniss is escorted into an elegant room by A PAIR OF
text: PEACEKEEPERS who retreat and stand guard at the door. She
text: sits on a velvet couch. Then Prim and Mrs. Everdeen enter.
text: Prim runs across the room and buries her face in Katniss’s
text: lap, awash with tears. Katniss holds her tightly. Mrs.
text: Everdeen is outside the hug, too bereft to function.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: It's gonna be okay, Mom. You'll have
dialog: the money from Prim's goat-milk. And
dialog: Gale will bring you game.
text: Mrs. Everdeen half-nods, breaking down in sobs.
speaker_heading: KATNISS (CONT'D)
dialog: Listen, Mom.
speaker_heading: PRIM
dialog: Don't go, Katniss...
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: (grabs her mom)
dialog: Listen to me!
dialog: (Mrs. Everdeen turns)
dialog: You can’t do to her what you did to
dialog: me. You can't disappear on her like
dialog: you did when dad died - because there
dialog: won't be any me around to look out
dialog: for everybody.
dialog: That registered. We can see Mrs. Everdeen take it in...
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I know. I won’t, I--
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Whatever happens, whatever you see on
dialog: the screen, you have to fight through
dialog: it and take care of her!
text: Another nod. Prim clasps Katniss’s face in her hands.
speaker_heading: PRIM
dialog: You have to take care, too. You're so
dialog: fast and brave. Maybe you can win.
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: @ KATNISS
dialog: (trying)
dialog: Maybe. Then we'd be rich as Haymitch.
speaker_heading: PRIM
dialog: I don’t care if we’re rich. I just
dialog: want you to come home.
dialog: (Katniss nods)
dialog: You will try, won’t you. Really,
dialog: really try?
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Really, really try. I swear it.
text: Prim unlatches the MOCKINGJAY PIN from her dress and pins
text: on Katniss with trembling hands.
speaker_heading: PRIM
dialog: Wear this. It'll be like having a
dialog: piece of me with you.
text: Katniss nods, blinks back a tear.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Prim, there're some things you're
dialog: going to have to take care of now.
dialog: @ The trading. That's gonna be you.
text: (Prim's eyes go wide)
dialog: You know what to pick in the forest.
dialog: There are Katniss-plants by the
dialog: creek; a bunch about this big is
text: worth a loaf of bread at The Hob.
dialog: Make sure you always bring back
dialog: strawberries for the Mayor. He'll
dialog: tell the Peacekeepers to leave you
dialog: alone. But you have to check the
dialog: fence with a stick EVERY time you go
dialog: through it; one of these days they're
dialog: gonna turn it on. Have you got all
dialog: that?
text: Prim nods, sort of. Katniss tries to lighten things:
speaker_heading: KATNISS (CONT'D)
dialog: And take care of Buttercup, okay?
dialog: He's gonna be so sad without me!
text: Prim almost smiles. Almost. Then the moment shatters:
scene_heading: FIRST PEACEKEEPER
dialog: , That's all you get. Let's go.
dialog: it
dialog: *
dialog: ee
text: He moves in. The family joins in a final, desperate embrace.
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: PRIM
dialog: You're gonna keep the pin on, right?
text: Katniss nods. Peacekeeper pulls Prim and Mrs. Everdeen away.
speaker_heading: PRIM (CONT'D)
dialog: And you're gonna come back?
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: I love you. *
text: And they're gone. The door slams shut. Katniss stands there,
text: her arms hanging limply at her sides. Utterly alone.
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN SQUARE - MOMENTS LATER (DAY)
text: The Square is empty now. The Podium set has been struck. Mrs.
text: Everdeen, trying to be strong, leads Prim away...
text: But Gale remains out here, alone, distraught. Staring... *
text: .-.at Katniss, barely visible through a second~story window *
text: in the Justice Building. It's a final, wordless goodbye -
text: until she's pulled away. We hear the sound of a TRAIN, as...
speaker_heading: * oF
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN - KATNISS'S COMPARTMENT - MOVING - EVENING
text: Katniss sits in silence on a train doing 250 m.p.h. Out the *
text: window we just see darkness.
text: Then a light knock on her door, and Effie Trinket's voice:
speaker_heading: EFFIE (0.S.)
dialog: Dinner's soon! Please bathe!
text: Then Effie's gone. Katniss rises, in a fog.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN - KATNISS'S COMPARTMENT - BATHROOM - CONTINUING
text: Katniss drifts in. Everything in here is new to her.
text: There's no tub. Instead... a shower. Huh? She hits a knob -
text: shocked when water comes out. She literally recoils.
text: And there's her reflection, caught in the bathroom mirror.
text: Feels like a stranger looking back at her. We CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN - DINING CAR - MOVING - EVENING
text: Katniss, freshly showered, sits in a dull green jumpsuit, her
text: mockingjay pin on it. Effie and Peeta are here. No Haymitch.
dialog: 23.
text: @ Before them is the biggest meal Katniss has ever seen: lamb
text: chops, carrot soup, mashed potatoes, green salad.
speaker_heading: EFFIE
dialog: Eat, please. Food's always so scarce
dialog: in the Arena, you want to go into The
dialog: Games with some meat on your bones.
text: Katniss and Peeta begin - awed by the quantity.
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: Where's our mentor?
speaker_heading: EFFIE
dialog: Haymitch is taking a nap. It's been
text: an exhausting day.
text: On a MUTED TV behind Effie, we see a NIGHTLY ROUND-UP of
dialog: coverage from all the Reaping Ceremonies across Panem today:
text: Twelve Districts, each selecting a lucky boy and girl...
text: A monstrous boy from District 2, a fox-faced girl from 5, a
text: boy with a crippled foot from 10.
text: And, most hauntingly, a 12 year-old girl from District 11.
text: @ She has brown skin and soulful eyes. Katniss just stares...
text: Then, clips from the District 12 Reaping. Katniss herself.
text: And Prim. And Peeta... And Haymitch, stumbling on stage.
text: Her mentor. A drunk. It's unsettling as hell...
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Is he going to tell us what to--
speaker_heading: EFFIE
dialog: I'm thrilled you two have such decent
dialog: manners! The pair last year ate
dialog: everything with their hands! It
dialog: completely upset my digestion.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Hungry people don't think much about
dialog: manners.
text: Effie tightens. Peeta's silent - his eyes riveted on the IV.
speaker_heading: EFFIE
dialog: (re: news on TV)
dialog: Checking out the competition, Peeta?
speaker_heading: @ PEETA
dialog: Just the Careers.
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: EFFIE
dialog: I'm afraid I don't know what that--
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: (yes you do)
dialog: The Tributes that are trained for the
dialog: Games by their Districts.
speaker_heading: EFFIE
dialog: No Districts do that.
text: Bullshit. Katniss and Peeta know it. But Effie tries:
speaker_heading: EFFIE (CONT'D)
dialog: That's just a rumor. Everyone knows
dialog: District training is illegal.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Then why do the winners always come
dialog: from One, Two, and Four every year?
speaker_heading: EFFIE
dialog: The Tributes from the wealthier
dialog: Districts get more Sponsors, that's
dialog: all. So they get more help. There's
dialog: nothing sinister about it.
text: She just lost them, officially. More tension... as Haymitch
text: stumbles in - hammered, as usual.
speaker_heading: HAYMITCH
dialog: I miss supper?
text: Tense silence. He takes a seat, sets his drink down, unfolds
text: his napkin - reflexively reaching for a bottle of white Gin.
text: ..-but Peeta, just as reflexively, grabs Haymitch's hand. It
text: shocks the hell out of everyone - mostly Peeta himself.
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: Sir, I think we'd both prefer it if
dialog: you didn't have anymore to drink.
dialog: You're supposed to be advising us.
speaker_heading: HAYMITCH
dialog: Here's some advice. Don't die.
text: He bursts out laughing. Katniss looks to Peeta.
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: That's very funny.
text: He throws Haymitch's glass to the floor, shattering it.
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: PEETA (CONT'D)
dialog: Only not to us.
text: Haymitch considers that for a moment, impressed, then slugs
text: Peeta_in the jaw, knocking him from his chair. Haymitch
text: reaches for the bottle...
text: +.-just as Katniss stabs at his hand with her knife, barely
text: missing flesh. The knife digs itself into the table. SILENCE.
text: Everyone awaiting an explosion from Haymitch... until:
speaker_heading: HAYMITCH
dialog: Well. Did I actually get a pair of
dialog: fighters this year?
text: Katniss and Peeta weren't expecting that. Haymitch eyes her.
speaker_heading: HAYMITCH (CONT'D)
dialog: Can you hit anything with that knife
dialog: besides a table?
text: Katniss yanks the knife from the table and throws it at the
text: far wall. It sticks between two panel-seams. Haymitch rises,
text: circles his two Tributes, studying them.
speaker_heading: HAYMITCH (CONT'D)
dialog: I'll make a deal with you two. You
dialog: don't interfere with my drinking, and
dialog: I'll stay sober enough to help you.
dialog: Is that fair?
dialog: (they nod)
dialog: You'll have to do exactly as I say.
dialog: About everything.
text: Effie puts some ice in a napkin, hands it to Peeta for the
text: BRUISE reddening his jaw.
speaker_heading: HAYMITCH (CONT'D)
dialog: No. Let it bruise. People will think
dialog: you've been mixing it up with the
dialog: other Tributes before you've even
dialog: entered the Arena.
dialog: (Peeta sets it down)
dialog: When we get to the Capitol, you'll be
dialog: put in the hands of stylists who'll
dialog: prepare you for your presentation.
dialog: Their work is vital.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Right. 'Cause it's a beauty contest.
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: HAYMITCH
dialog: Yes. It is. And the people who figure
dialog: that out tend to be the ones who
dialog: survive. Are you through now?
text: That shut Katniss up. Haymitch looks right through her.
speaker_heading: HAYMITCH (CONT'D)
dialog: The best-looking tributes get the
dialog: Most sponsors. And sponsors are my
dialog: only means of helping you once you're
dialog: in The Arena. Understood?
text: .--which is when Katniss sees something out the window - a
dialog: landmark, recognizeable to us... It's Chicago.
text: Or what used to be Chicago. Across Lake Michigan we see the
text: skeleton of a city. Decayed, lifeless. An empty ghost town.
text: Haymitch approaches the wall, eyes the knife Katniss threw.
speaker_heading: HAYMITCH (CONT'D)
dialog: Is this where you were aiming?
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: More or less.
speaker_heading: HAYMITCH
dialog: Good. Eat.
text: Katniss picks up a lamb chop with her hands, devours a bite,
text: then wipes her hands on the tablecloth. Effie sighs. CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. DISTRICT 12 - MARSHALLING YARD - NIGHT
text: A COAL TRAIN, in a grimy part of The Seam. We PUSH IN, to
text: look at its payload, a bed of BLACK COAL...
text: ..-with a STOWAWAY atop it - Gale. He throws a look at: *
text: +..Prim, who stands at the fence of the marshalling yard. She *
text: nods, "Go." He nods back, then ducks out of sight. *
text: The train pulls out of the yard, into dark night. *
scene_heading: INT. CAPITOL - TRAIN STATION - DAY
text: Katniss tries to hide her awe, but it's an effort - because
text: we've just pulled into The Capitol - and it is dazzling.
text: Wealth and excess. Splendor. Even this TRAIN STATION.
dialog: 27.
text: Everything gleams, overly bright. The colors look like candy.
text: Beautiful MUSIC drifts through hidden speakers. The CITIZENS
text: here are well-dressed, well-fed. And attentive:
text: They stop, and wave at us. (The arrival of a Tribute Train is
text: avery big deal around here.) Adults, kids, waving at us.
text: Katniss, looking out the window of her compartment, can't
text: quite bring herself to wave back.
text: But Peeta can - leaning out of his window, right next to
text: hers, waving graciously. The crowd loves it. Katniss doesn't.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN STATION - MOMENTS LATER -~ DAY
text: Haymitch and Effie lead the two junior celebrities through
text: the station. Feels like another planet to Katniss.
text: They pass a VIRTUAL NEWSSTAND. One face appears on DOZENS OF
scene_heading: I-MAGAZINE COVERS: "Seneca Crane - the genius behind the
dialog: Hunger Games." Something tells Katniss to study this face...
text: A GIRL passes by, Katniss's age... with two healthy parents,
text: clean hair, a poodle on a leash... and an ice cream cone in
text: her hand. Licking happily.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: (re: ice cream)
dialog: What's that?
text: Effie laughs, certain that Katniss was kidding.
speaker_heading: EFFIE
dialog: silly!
text: But Haymitch knows better. He leads them away. We CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CAPITOL - TRIUMPH AVENUE - DAY
text: Katniss just saw her first RESTAURANT. Ever. A clean place
text: where families eat... as she and Peeta are driven down the
dialog: biggest street_in The Capitol.
text: Think Emerald city - but with a sinister underbelly. The
text: colors are heightened and saturated. The architecture is
text: immaculate. People are grinning. But it all feels synthetic.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Now I know where all that coal goes.
speaker_heading: EFFIE
dialog: Let's get you two cleaned up already!
dialog: You're being presented today!
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: EFFIE (cont'd)
dialog: (Katniss eyes her)
dialog: No one's going to sponsor you looking
dialog: like this, Katniss. Could you blame
dialog: them?
text: A look from Haymitch tells Katniss not to fire back.
scene_heading: INT. CAPITOL - REMAKE CENTER - PREP ROOM - DAY
text: Rippp! A woman named VENIA yanks a strip of WAX off our leg.
speaker_heading: VENIA
dialog: (pitched Capitol accent)
dialog: Sorry! But you're just so hairy!
text: Katniss is naked, silent. And surrounded: eyebrows plucked by
text: a man named FLAVIUS, nails shaped by a portly woman named
dialog: OCTAVIA - (each with that same pitched Capitol accent.)
speaker_heading: FLAVIUS
dialog: You're doing very well! If there's
dialog: one thing we can't stand, it's a
dialog: whiner!
text: Katniss doesn't reply - she hasn't said a word in hours.
speaker_heading: OCTAVIA
dialog: (gossippy, to Venia:)
dialog: I'1l tell you who'd be fun to prep.
dialog: That Glimmer girl. The tall one.
dialog: She's gorgeous! Those eyes!
speaker_heading: VENIA
dialog: I know! And those white white teeth!
speaker_heading: OCTAVIA
dialog: (to Katniss)
dialog: I have to admit it, I had the tiniest
dialog: thrill when they pulled your sister's
dialog: name at The Reaping!
dialog: (Katniss tightens)
dialog: I mean, her precious little face! I
dialog: just couldn't stop thinking of all
dialog: the ways we'd get to dress her and
dialog: make her up! Little Rose Everdeen!
speaker_heading: VENIA
dialog: I know! Me too!
dialog: (at Katniss)
dialog: Not that we were disappointed when it
dialog: turned out to be you! No. Now that
dialog: we've gotten rid of all that hair and
dialog: filth, you're not horrible at--
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: 6 KATNISS
dialog: Prim.
text: Katniss's first word. In hours. The others eye her.
speaker_heading: VENIA
dialog: I'm sorry?
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: It's Prim. And she hates make-up.
text: A beat... Then these three howl with LAUGHTER. Peals of it.
speaker_heading: VENIA
dialog: You're hysterical! Let's go get
dialog: Cinna!
text: They vanish. Katniss, alone and naked, grabs a robe.
text: Then she notices - she's being watched:
text: Three stories above this room, visible through its glass
text: ceiling, FIFTEEN PEOPLE look down at her from an interior
text: balcony - each of them sipping a cocktail...
text: e@ These are the GAMESMAKERS - studying the Tributes in each
text: Prep Room without expression. (Seneca is not among them.)
text: Katniss eyes them, utterly unnerved. Afraid... until:
speaker_heading: CINNA (0.S.)
dialog: How despicable we must seem to you.
text: She turns. Standing in the doorway is CINNA, (30). He seems *
text: decent, unaffected - even his voice. But she's wary.
speaker_heading: CINNA (CONT'D)
dialog: Your braid - who did it?
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: My mother.
speaker_heading: CINNA
dialog: It's beautiful. Classic. We're not
dialog: going to touch it.
text: He enters, hits a button. The top of a table splits in two
text: and ANOTHER HUGE MEAL appears; Katniss won't react to it. *
speaker_heading: CINNA (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm Cinna, Katniss. I'll be your
dialog: @ stylist - which means I'm here to
dialog: help you survive. Are you hungry?
dialog: 
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: I'm scared.
text: That came out reflexively, shocking her. Cinna's touched.
speaker_heading: CINNA
dialog: I know.
text: He smiles warmly. That fast, a trust begins to grow.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: How'd you get stuck with District 12?
dialog: I know all the stylists hate it.
speaker_heading: CINNA
dialog: They lack imagination. Katniss, I
dialog: asked for District 12. I wanted the
dialog: challenge, and not because I like
dialog: those stupid coal-miner outfits the
dialog: Tributes from Twelve always get
dialog: presented in. Right?
text: He might just be sincere. Human. He seems it. They sit.
speaker_heading: CINNA (CONT'D)
dialog: I have an idea, but it's going to
dialog: require you to trust me a little.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Are you afraid of fire, Katniss?
text: Yes, she is. On her face, we CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. REMAKE CENTER - UNDERGROUND - NIGHT
text: Katniss wears a black unitard, knee-high leather boots, a
text: cape of orange and yellow. Peeta's in the same outfit...
text: +-.as they stand on a CHARIOT. Four horses up front.
text: Up ahead, ANOTHER CHARIOT vanishes around a corner into the
text: BRIGHT-LIGHTS of a street outside. But our Chariot hasn't
text: been sent out yet. Cinna grins, excited.
speaker_heading: CINNA
dialog: It's not real fire, of course. Just
dialog: some synthetic flames Portia and I
dialog: came up with. I want them to remember
dialog: you. Be right back.
text: He steps a few feet away, where a woman named PORTIA fusses
text: with a FLARE that seems to be malfunctioning. The two of them
text: tinker with it as Katniss and Peeta wait, anxious.
dialog: 
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: What do you think about this?
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: I'll rip off your cape if you rip off
dialog: mine.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Deal.
speaker_heading: CINNA (0.S.)
dialog: Okay, got it! Here we go!
text: He approaches, that flare LIT now. Katniss's eyes go wide.
speaker_heading: CINNA (CONT'D)
dialog: Meet Katniss Everdeen - the Girl Who
dialog: Was on Fire!
text: lights their capes on "fire". SYNTHETIC FLAMES suddenly
text: rise up around us - looking awfully real.
speaker_heading: CINNA
dialog: It works!
text: Thrilled, he makes a SSSSST sound at the HORSES up front.
text: They begin to trot - and we're moving.
text: +--all of it before Katniss can adjust to the fact that her
text: cape is now burning. Cinna calls out to them:
speaker_heading: CINNA (CONT'D)
dialog: Heads high! Smiles! They're going to
dialog: love you! Oh, and hold hands!
text: +..as we're pulled through MASSIVE OPEN DOORS and onto:
scene_heading: EXT. CITY CIRCLE - NIGHT
text: A wide boulevard - filled with CHARIOTS bearing the OTHER 11
text: PAIRS OF TRIBUTES, gliding ahead of us gracefully.
dialog: But none of those Tributes are on fire - which is why
text: CHEERING CITIZENS, ten-deep, now gape at the sight of us,
text: dazzled. Katniss has to SHOUT:
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Shouldn't Haymitch be around to
dialog: protect us from this sort of thing?
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: Last thing I want is Haymitch near an
dialog: open flame! Here.
dialog: 32.
text: He takes her hand. The CROWD ROARS: "Twelve! Twelve!" It's
text: thrilling. Cinna gives a thumbs-up.
text: Katniss glances to her left, where a GIANT TV SCREEN gives
text: her an oversized look at herself and Peeta, in flames. A gasp
text: escapes her lips. Is that me?!
text: The crowd blows kisses, calling out her NAME now: "Katniss!
text: Katniss!" It gives her an odd feeling of hope. A CITIZEN
text: throws her a red rose. She catches it, blows a kiss back.
text: A HUNDRED HANDS reach up to catch her kiss. Wow. She looks
text: down, noticing now that she is squeezing the color out of
text: Peeta's hand. She releases it - until he stops her:
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: No, don't let go of me. I might fall
dialog: out of this thing!
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Okay.
text: It feels now like every eye is on Katniss and Peeta, as:
scene_heading: INT. TV BOOTH - OVERLOOKING THE STREET - SAME
text: A BROADCAST BOOTH, like you'd see at The Rose Parade.
text: CLAUDIUS TEMPLESMITH is doing play-by-play live. He has a
text: special guest tonight: Seneca, doing "color".
speaker_heading: TEMPLESMITH (ON TV)
dialog: Tell me, Mister Crane. What are you
dialog: looking for at this point in the
dialog: proceedings? What characteristics in
dialog: a Tribute catch your eye?
speaker_heading: SENECA
dialog: I'd imagine I'm looking for the same
dialog: things bettors look for: athleticism,
dialog: intelligence. Except my goal is to
dialog: deliver a great event, as opposed to
dialog: picking a winner.
speaker_heading: TEMPLESMITH
dialog: That you do, Sir. That you do. Your
dialog: Games can always be counted on for
dialog: great drama and breathless pace!
dialog: (inside joke:)
dialog: And even on those rare occasions when
dialog: they hit a slow patch, we know we can
dialog: count on you to liven things up -
dialog: when appropriate of course.
speaker_heading: SENECA
dialog: Now, now, Claudius. Don't go starting
dialog: trouble! You know that my Gamesmakers
dialog: and I would never do anything to
dialog: influence the outcome of The Games.
speaker_heading: TEMPLESMITH
dialog: Just now and then! Only now and then!
dialog: (laughs...)
text: Dazzling display tonight from
dialog: District 12; the crowd certainly
dialog: seems taken with it. That's the girl
dialog: who volunteered for her sister, hmm?
speaker_heading: SENECA
dialog: Quite a thing. Probably the biggest
dialog: moment District Twelve has given The
dialog: Games in a few decades. Sad to say.
text: BACK TO KATNISS - cheers from the crowd flowing over her.
text: It's an overwhelming experience - noise, light, energy. Then:
scene_heading: INT. TRAINING CENTER - CATACOMBS - MOMENTS LATER
text: Massive doors close behind us. The parade's over. Silence.
dialog: And the letdown is profound:
text: Buzz-kill, just like that as Katniss now faces ALL THE REST
text: OF THE TRIBUTES. 22 children, most of whom will soon be dead.
text: They exit their chariots, disrobing like strippers backstage
text: at a bad club. Katniss lets go of Peeta's hand.
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: Thanks for keeping hold of me. I was
text: getting a little shaky there.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: It didn't show.
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: You should wear flames more often.
dialog: They suit you.
text: That said with a shy smile that Katniss can almost believe.
text: She removes her flaming cape. Above her is another HUGE TV:
speaker_heading: TEMPLESMITH (ON TV)
dialog: Hopefully, she'll be the picture
dialog: people remember from The Reaping - as
dialog: opposed to Haymitch Abernathy's
text: stumbling drunkenly on to the stage!
dialog: *
speaker_heading: eK
dialog: 
dialog: 34.
text: Katniss notices the dark-skinned girl from District 11, RUE,
text: just a child, looking awfully shaky as she removes her
text: costume. For some reason, Katniss keeps staring at her... as:
speaker_heading: SENECA (ON TV)
dialog: Frankly, that's something I wish *
dialog: hadn't been aired. The Games are *
dialog: meant to be family entertainment,
dialog: after all.
text: Katniss tightens, sick inside.
text: ..-which is when Haymitch and Effie arrive.
speaker_heading: EFFIE
dialog: That was wonderful! Wonderful! I knew
dialog: there was a pretty girl under there
dialog: somewhere! And you too, Peeta.
text: Katniss barely heard that - still watching Rue...
speaker_heading: EFFIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I always say, if you put enough
dialog: pressure on coal it turns to pearls!
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Oysters. *
speaker_heading: EFFIE
dialog: Hmmm?
speaker_heading: KATNISS
text: Pearls come from oysters. *
text: Effie tightens...
dialog: Across the room are Tributes we'll come to know: CATO and
scene_heading: CLOVE from District 2. GLIMMER and MARVEL from District 1 -
text: all of them sculpted athletes. Katniss looks to Peeta.
speaker_heading: KATNISS (CONT'D)
text: There they are. The Careers.
speaker_heading: EFFIE
dialog: I really wish you'd stop using that
dialog: term, Katniss. It's unsportsmanlike.
text: Katniss notes a FOX-FACED GIRL from District 5, and a steely-
text: looking kid from District 4 - call him BRAVURA - as a woman
text: enters: CALLOWAY, carrying a large box. Effie sighs.
speaker_heading: EFFIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Ugh. Paperwork!
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: CALLOWAY
dialog: Mentors, I have the Pre-Games
dialog: Packages - please distribute them to
dialog: your Tributes. All forms must be
dialog: completed before entering the
dialog: Training Center: burial preferences,
dialog: ergans to be donated, et cetera.
dialog: There are also six personalized
dialog: condolence cards in each package. If
dialog: anyone needs more, please see me.
text: This said as if she were handing out sandwiches.
text: Katniss spots the tiny little wisp from District 11 again.
text: Rue, whose hand is trembling so badly from fear that she
text: drops the papers her MENTOR just handed to her.
text: The boy from District 11 is THRESH: huge, iron-strong... and
text: kind. He calms Rue with a smile, grabs the papers for her...
text: .-.as Katniss watches, unable to turn away...
speaker_heading: EFFIE
dialog: Don't let her distract you; it might
dialog: just be a stunt.
dialog: (Katniss studies Effie)
dialog: Johanna Mason, a few years ago - she
dialog: wept through the whole Training Week,
dialog: never saw such a scared little puppy!
dialog: Then Day One of the Games she
dialog: hatcheted six kids in two minutes!
dialog: And won! Sign, Dear. It's late.
text: Effie hands her a pen and the papers. Katniss glances at
text: them, then at Peeta. He nods. She takes the pen...
text: ... when she's brushed aside, rudely, by Cato - as he and the
dialog: other Careers (Districts 1, 2, and 4), blow out of here.
text: She watches Cato go, then signs the papers...
scene_heading: EXT. COAL TRAIN - MOVING - DUSK
text: Gale, atop that bed of coal. He's hungry and cold. As the
text: train pulls through a RURAL TRAIN STATION, he peeks out - and
text: sees something odd on the station platform:
dialog: Those WILD DOGS - the size of bulls - we saw them hunted not
text: long ago. A few of them sleep in chains on the platform,
text: drugged, being loaded into TRANSPORT CAGES by HUNTERS.
text: Gale gets just a glimpse of it as the train pulls away...
dialog: 36.
scene_heading: @ INT. TRAINING CENTER - LOBBY - LATER EVENING
text: Effie lectures Katniss and Peeta while touring them through
text: the TRAINING CENTER. Haymitch is here too, but only barely.
speaker_heading: EFFIE
dialog: This is the Training Center, your *
dialog: home sweet home until the Games *
dialog: begin! Breakfast at seven, training *
dialog: during the day; at night you'll be
dialog: making appearances. Do either of you
dialog: have any special skills?
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: Skills?
text: The place is teeming with SUPPORT STAFF - to clean, to bring
text: towels, etc. Something odd about them though. Katniss takes
text: notice... as Effie continues, with no help from Haymitch:
speaker_heading: EFFIE
dialog: A talent that might be of use in the
dialog: Arena. Anything.
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: @ Katniss can shoot. Bow and arrow.
speaker_heading: EFFIE
dialog: Then please don't go near one until *
dialog: Evaluation Day! Right, Haymitch? *
text: Haymitch nods absently. So Effie has to continue: *
speaker_heading: EFFIE (CONT'D) *
dialog: No need to let your competition know *
dialog: your strengths, you see? *
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Isn't Peeta my competition too?
text: Effie sighs, waiting for Haymitch to pounce. Forget it. The
dialog: guy has checked out; it's less painful than engaging...
speaker_heading: EFFIE
dialog: No. He's not. As of tonight he is
dialog: your partner.
dialog: (Katniss doesn't get it)
dialog: The crowd loved you two as a couple
dialog: up there. And where the crowds go,
dialog: Sponsors follow! So from now on,
dialog: you'll be joined at the hip - all
dialog: © through your Training Period.
dialog: 37.
text: @ Peeta nods. Katniss doesn't.
speaker_heading: EFFIE
dialog: What about you, Peeta? Any special
dialog: skills?
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: I work all day. My father's bakery.
speaker_heading: EFFIE
dialog: Oh. And what do you do for him?
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: I make cakes.
speaker_heading: HAYMITCH
dialog: That should come in handy - if you
dialog: ever need to frost someone to death.
text: Katniss eyes Haymitch, Thanks for chiming in. Then:
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: He can wrestle. I've seen him. He's *
text: strong.
speaker_heading: HAYMITCH *
dialog: @ Congratulations. No wrestling during *
dialog: " training. Confine yourselves to knot- *
dialog: tying or something.
text: Two CUSTODIANS pass by, pushing carts. Again, something odd
text: about them - a dullness in their eyes...
speaker_heading: EFFIE
dialog: As you can see, there are Avoxes all
dialog: over the Training Center. They're
dialog: here to make your stay more
dialog: comfortable. So don't hesitate to--
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: What's an Avox?
speaker_heading: HAYMITCH
dialog: My Goodness, what a rube.
dialog: (Katniss tightens)
dialog: Avoxes are criminals of the State,
dialog: traitors. They work - and they don't
dialog: bitch - mostly because their
dialog: tongues've been cut out.
text: That sickened Katniss. She suddenly takes a second look at a
text: @ TOWEL-BOY she'd just walked past, his eyes lifeless.
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: @ KATNISS
dialog: Doesn't look like a traitor to me.
speaker_heading: HAYMITCH
dialog: I wonder if you might become less *
text: sullen at some point. *
text: No reply. An ELEVATOR OPENS. They enter.
speaker_heading: EFFIE
dialog: Katniss, we really are all you've
dialog: got. You should treat us as friends.
text: Katniss's look says, "Not too likely."
speaker_heading: EFFIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Well try and pretend!
dialog: (calmly smiling...)
dialog: See? Like this. I'm smiling at you
dialog: even though you're aggravating me.
scene_heading: INT. TRAINING CENTER - ELEVATOR - CONTINUING
text: Haymitch presses "12." The car starts to rise, quickly.
speaker_heading: @ HAYMITCH
dialog: Twelve. Like the District. We get the
dialog: whole floor.
text: Katniss is unimpressed.
speaker_heading: HAYMITCH (CONT'D)
dialog: You should listen to Effie, Darling;
dialog: you need to be liked this week. If
dialog: the people like you, you'll get more
dialog: Sponsors, and Sponsors pay for the
dialog: Gifts that might just keep you alive
dialog: once you're inside The Arena -
dialog: assuming I like you enough to send
dialog: them and Seneca likes you enough to
dialog: let me. So a little less... disdain
dialog: would make sense here. Wouldn't it?
text: Katniss pauses. Haymitch, Effie, and Peeta studying her...
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: My eyes.
speaker_heading: HAYMITCH
dialog: Hmmm?
speaker_heading: @ KATNISS
dialog: The organs I just agreed to donate. *
dialog: 39.
text: The doors open. Katniss bursts out. They watch her go.
scene_heading: INT. CAPITOL - TRAINING CENTER - KATNISS‘S ROOM - NIGHT
text: A clean, well-appointed room. Katniss enters, miserable.
text: Dinner is waiting here for her. On a silver tray. Steak,
text: rice, salad... and a scoop of ice cream.
text: She smashes the plates to the floor. Backs away, reeling.
text: But that fast, her door opens - and a random, anonymous AVOX
text: (female) enters with a tray. The Avox kneels down to clean up
text: the mess. Katniss turns, embarrassed.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Oh. I can do that. It's my...
text: The Avox starts cleaning, gathering broken pieces...
text: Katniss can't take it. She bends down, and starts helping
text: with the clean-up. Two girls, silently fixing a mess.
text: ++.until something takes Katniss's breath away: the face of
dialog: this Avox - because we've seen her before.
text: She is Lavinia, the red-haired girl netted by that hovercraft *
dialog: in the forest last year, while Katniss did nothing to help...
text: And now she's an Avox. Her tongue cut out. Cleaning up a mess
text: made by my tantrum. Katniss sags, ashamed.
speaker_heading: KATNISS (CONT'D)
dialog: I...
text: But there's nothing to say. Lavinia dips a napkin in some *
text: water, reaches for Katniss's hand - Katniss noticing only now
text: that she'd cut herself when she smashed the dishes.
text: Gently, slowly, Lavinia cleans Katniss's wound - Katniss too *
text: chagrinned to speak. Receiving kindness from a slave.
speaker_heading: KATNISS (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm sorry. I should have saved you. I
dialog: should've tried.
text: No reply, of course. But there's a faint response in
text: Lavinia's eyes. Then she takes the tray from the room. *
text: Katniss, alone again. It all feels like a horrifying dream.
dialog: 40.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAINING CENTER - ROOFTOP - LATER NIGHT
text: A door opens. Peeta steps on to the roof of the building.
dialog: 
text: ...to find Katniss alone, eyeing the brightly-lit city below.
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: Must be what a city looks like when
text: they leave the power on.
text: Katniss nods. Can't quite participate in small-talk.
speaker_heading: PEETA (CONT'D)
dialog: If you were thinking of jumping,
dialog: don't bother.
text: He picks up a pebble, tosses it off the roof... It bounces
text: back in mid-air, as if it'd hit an invisible wall.
speaker_heading: PEETA (CONT'D)
text: Plasma field.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: They're worried about our safety.
text: It's touching.
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: I guess you're not too happy with our
dialog: support team.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: I just don't like pretending. Ina
dialog: couple days I'm gonna have to kill
dialog: you or you'll have to kill me or--
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: Stop. I would never do that, Katniss. *
dialog: I couldn't. *
text: That threw Katniss, the certitude of it. She's silent.
speaker_heading: PEETA (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm not going to let all this change *
dialog: me - or turn me into something I'm
dialog: not.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: You're not planning to kill anybody?
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: No. I'll kill, like everyone else; I
dialog: can't go down without a fight. But, I *
dialog: want the Capitol to see that they *
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 4l.
speaker_heading: PEETA (cont'd)
dialog: don't own me, that I'm more than just
dialog: a piece of their Games. Ya know? If I
dialog: die, I'm going to die as myself. I'm
dialog: not gonna turn into a monster in
dialog: there. 'Cause then they win.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: They've won already. Don't you know
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: What I mean is, you can count on me.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Well don't count on me, Peeta. I'm
dialog: gonna do whatever I have to to get
text: home again.
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: Good. You should. But there's nothing
dialog: wrong with letting people help you.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Right. I know. I'm supposed to smile
dialog: a lot and try to charm everybody - or
dialog: convince them what a great-looking
dialog: team you and I make. And why? So_ my
dialog: death will be more interesting to
dialog: them. I can't do that. Can you?
dialog: (Peeta lets that go)
dialog: They're sending us in there to kill
dialog: each other. Oh, and on the way, give
dialog: us some human-interest stuff too.
dialog: Sorry. When I die they can just say,
dialog: "Well, there goes that sullen girl
dialog: from District 12. Too bad we didn't
dialog: get to know her better."
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: What if going along might... give you
dialog: a better chance to survive?
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: If that's all it takes, Peeta, I'm
dialog: pretty sure you'll be the one who's
text: still standing at the end.
text: That wounded him. She leaves him alone on the roof...
scene_heading: INT. TRAINING CENTER - GYM - DAY
text: A MASSIVE SPACE: stations set up for archery, knife-throwing,
text: fire-building, rope-climbing, botany, wrestling, sprinting.
dialog: The Tributes will be evaluated here. They file in now...
dialog: 42.
text: ++.as the Gamesmakers chat by a buffet. We find Haymitch,
text: sampling the DRINK CART... until he sighs, and turns:
text: Betto is right behind Haymitch - ready to emasculate:
speaker_heading: BETTO
dialog: It's touching, your dedication to
dialog: your Tributes. Makes me wonder why
dialog: Tributes from 12 always seem to lose!
text: He gestures to Katniss and Peeta, now entering the facility,
text: the only Tributes in here unaccompanied by a Mentor. Great.
text: Haymitch puts his drink down, crosses the facility - unmoved
text: by the looks of disdain from his fellow Mentors. He reaches
text: Peeta, and a glaring Katniss. No "Hello".
speaker_heading: HAYMITCH
dialog: You two will be evaluated last. The
dialog: Gamesmakers are usually tired by then
dialog: - you'll just have to get their
dialog: attention somehow. Should be a good
dialog: fit for you, Katniss, ‘cause it's the
dialog: only pre-Games event that won't
dialog: require you to be pleasant.
text: Katniss notes the other Tributes: Cato, Clove, Marvel,
text: Glimmer, Bravura... scoping the room out, undaunted.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: That mean you want us to try today?
speaker_heading: HAYMITCH
dialog: Absolutely. Your very best. Get a
dialog: good score, and Sponsors will notice.
dialog: Good luck! And may the odds be--
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Thanks.
scene_heading: INT. TRAINING CENTER - GYM - DAY (VARIOUS)
dialog: QUICK CUTS - of several Tributes being evaluated:
text: -Glimmer, slicing a mannequin's head off with a sword.
text: -Cato, lifting a boulder, smashing it to the ground.
text: -Marvel, throwing a knife twenty yards at a target. Bullseye.
text: -Clove, sweep-kicking a MALE SPARRING PARTNER. He goes down.
text: -Thresh, crushing a mannequin with a swung mace.
dialog: 43.
text: -Rue, using stones to start a fire.
text: -FoxFace, racing through an obstacle course. Fast and agile.
text: -Bravura, hurling a trident. Another bullseye.
text: The GAMESMAKERS keep score, sort of. Some DRINKING has begun.
scene_heading: INT. TRAINING CENTER - HALLWAY - MOMENTS LATER
text: A clock ticks. Peeta sits against a wall. Katniss paces,
text: turns a corner, finds a water fountain. Leans in, until: *
speaker_heading: SENECA (0.S.)
dialog: Well. Miss Everdeen.
text: Seneca, a foot away. Smiling. Katniss tightens. All her
text: bravado suddenly gone...
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Sir. Hi...
speaker_heading: SENECA
dialog: Brave thing you did, volunteering for
dialog: your sister like that.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: SENECA
dialog: You know, it's funny. I can control
dialog: everything about the Games - except
dialog: who's in them. So whenever we get a
dialog: Tribute with a... compelling personal
dialog: story, it's always very gratifying.
dialog: How have your accomodations been?
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Fine.
speaker_heading: SENECA
dialog: Good. And have you seen any of the
dialog: Evaluation sessions today?
dialog: ee
speaker_heading: KATNISS *
dialog: Oh, no. We've been in a Holding Room *
dialog: all day. I think the Judges don't *
dialog: want us checking out the competition. *
speaker_heading: SENECA *
dialog: Can I tell you a secret? *
text: Huh? Katniss nods. Seneca leans in, and whispers: *
dialog: 44,
speaker_heading: SENECA (CONT'D)
dialog: You just met him.
text: Then he's gone. Katniss's hands are suddenly shaking...
scene_heading: INT. TRAINING CENTER - GYM - MOMENTS LATER
text: Katniss enters the gym. The Gamesmakers barely turn. Some of
text: them tipsy now, most of them eyeing the BUFFET to their left.
text: She crosses to the ARCHERY STATION, grabs a bow and arrows,
text: takes aim at a DUMMY fifty yards away. Only half the
text: Gamesmakers are even watching. She fires.
text: .»--and misses left. A few more Gamesmakers turn away.
text: Irritated, she makes a slight adjustment in the bow.
text: ...and fires THREE RAPID SHOTS - hitting the Dummy in the
text: heart, then the head, then severing the rope by which it
text: hangs - but the Gamesmakers still aren't watching - because:
speaker_heading: GAMESMAKERS
dialog: Hey!/That looks wonderful!/It's about
dialog: time!/Fresh Meat!
text: An AVOX just walked in with a ROASTED PIG on a tray. The
text: Gamesmakers now have their backs completely turned to
text: Katniss. It's infuriating - and her reaction is instant:
text: She grabs an arrow, takes dead aim... and lets it fly.
text: THWAK! The arrow hits the APPLE in the pig's mouth, pinning
text: the pig to a wall - as the Gamesmakers drop to the floor in
text: frightened surprise. Silence hovers...
text: Katniss, as shocked as any of them, drops her bow.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Thanks for your consideration.
text: She heads for a door - passing Haymitch.
speaker_heading: HAYMITCH
dialog: Smart, Katniss. Real smart.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: What can they do to me - kick me out
dialog: of The Games?
speaker_heading: HAYMITCH
dialog: No. But they might do something to
dialog: your mother. Or to Prim.
dialog: 45.
dialog: That stopped Katniss flat...
speaker_heading: HAYMITCH (CONT'D)
dialog: The Capitol doesn't appreciate
dialog: dissent. Haven't you noticed?
text: Just then she realizes... that Seneca has been watching from
text: one floor up. Dread rockets through her now. She runs out...
scene_heading: INT. TRAINING CENTER - KATNISS'S ROOM - MOMENTS LATER
text: Katniss enters, shuts the door, slides down to the floor.
text: And she lets it hit, for the first time, the terror and
text: despair of all this. Tears come - in a wave, shaking her...
text: Just a lost, frightened kid - sobbing... when:
speaker_heading: EFFIE (0.S.)
dialog: Katniss? Katniss?
text: Effie, at the door, banging on it. Katniss can't move...
dialog: 
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Please go away. Please...
text: Effie keeps at it. Pounding. Katniss sobs, to no one...
speaker_heading: KATNISS (CONT'D)
dialog: I wanna go home. Prim, I wanna come
dialog: home!
text: Lost, as the sun sets on the artificial candy Capitol...
scene_heading: INT. GAMES CENTER - SAME
text: Seneca enters Mission Control. Everyone tightens. Electronic
text: BOARDS are alive with incoming data.
speaker_heading: SENECA
dialog: The Pre-Val scores have all been sent
dialog: to your screens. Please see that
dialog: they're posted.
text: Betto looks at his screen. On it, a NUMERICAL SCORE beside
dialog: the name of every Tribute. Cato got a 10, Glimmer a 9, Marvel
dialog: a 9, Rue a 7, Thresh a 10, Bravura an 8, Peeta an 8...
text: ..-but there's no score beside Katniss's name. Betto pauses.
speaker_heading: BETTO
dialog: Sir? Katniss Everdeen?
dialog: *
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: SENECA
dialog: Yes. Give her an Eleven.
text: Silence in here. Maybe they heard him wrong. Seneca waits...
speaker_heading: BETTO
dialog: Um... Sir?
speaker_heading: SENECA
dialog: If she gets to a bow and arrow in
dialog: there she's a very legitimate
dialog: contender.
dialog: That felt like a lie, but no one's going to say so.
speaker_heading: SENECA (CONT'D)
dialog: Just post it.
text: No explanation. He just heads for his office...
scene_heading: INT. TRAINING CENTER - DRESSING ROOM - NIGHT
text: EYE SHADOW, applied to Katniss's closed eyes - as we HEAR:
speaker_heading: EFFIE (0.S.)
dialog: Head up high, your hands should never
dialog: be off your lap. And posture, very
dialog: important. Strength and femininity.
speaker_heading: CINNA (0.S.)
dialog: Thank you, Effie. Katniss, you can
dialog: open your eyes now.
text: Katniss's eyes open now... and she is stunned:
text: ...by HER OWN REFLECTION: arms stenciled, hair woven in a
text: lovely braid down one shoulder, make-up subtle and elegant.
text: And a jeweled DRESS, accented with tongues of fire.
text: Not pretty. Not beautiful. Radiant as the sun.
speaker_heading: EFFIE
dialog: Well there you are! A pearl!
text: Cinna is beaming. His team squeals with delight. Katniss
text: still hasn't spoken. Just too floored. Cinna gets it.
speaker_heading: CINNA
dialog: Give us a moment, all right?
text: His team EXITS. Effie shrugs unhappily, follows them. Now
text: it's just Cinna and Katniss. She still hasn't spoken.
dialog: 
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: I look like....
speaker_heading: CINNA
dialog: Like the girl you were meant to be.
dialog: Let me see a twirl.
text: She twirls, almost allowing the thrill of it.
speaker_heading: CINNA (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh Katniss...
dialog: (she blushes)
dialog: I hope the Sponsors really see you
dialog: tonight. Like this. The real you.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Haymitch says I'm sullen and hostile.
speaker_heading: CINNA
dialog: You are - around Haymitch.
dialog: (that helped)
dialog: Forget him tonight. Once those
dialog: cameras are on, try to pretend you're
text: talking to a best friend back home.
dialog: Do you have someone like that?
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Yeah. His name's Gale. But he hates
dialog: all this.
speaker_heading: CINNA
dialog: He loves you, though. Doesn't he.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: I dunno.
speaker_heading: CINNA
dialog: Well, when you-see me sitting in that
dialog: audience, pretend I'm him. Can you do
dialog: that?
dialog: (she nods)
dialog: Listen, I lied to you the other day -
dialog: about the reason I asked for District
dialog: 12. It was you, Katniss. What you did
dialog: for your sister, how brave you were.
dialog: Tonight requires... a different kind
dialog: of bravery, okay?
dialog: (that registered)
dialog: Let them love you out there. It might
dialog: just save you.
dialog: 
dialog: 48.
scene_heading: EXT. AMPHITHEATRE - BACKSTAGE - NIGHT
text: Katniss joins the OTHER TRIBUTES, each made-over, backstage
text: at an AMPHITHEATRE. Peeta, in a black suit with flame
text: accents, nods to her. No one else acknowledges her at all.
text: ...except for Rue, in a gossamer gown with wings, who offers
text: her a nervous smile. Katniss mouths to her: “You look nice."
text: Rue blushes, as a MAN rushes past. He is CAESAR FLICKERMAN -
text: his face painted white; his hair, lips, and eyelids powder
text: blue. His suit dotted with tiny light bulbs. We hear:
speaker_heading: TEMPLESMITH (0.S.)
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen, your host for
dialog: the evening, Caesar Flickerman!
scene_heading: EXT. AMPHITHEATRE - BROADCAST STAGE - CONTINUING
text: LOUD APPLAUSE. Peppy music. A STAGE with 24 CHAIRS on it...
text: +..as Flickerman bounces out, urging more applause...
speaker_heading: FLICKERMAN
dialog: Thank you, and welcome to the show!
dialog: I hope you’ve brought your appetite
dialog: for fun, because tonight I go one-on-
dialog: one with the Tributes for the 74th
dialog: Hunger Games! And here they are!
text: More APPLAUSE - as the Tributes walk on stage, single file,
text: filling those waiting chairs. Katniss is almost on stage when
text: Haymitch tugs at her arm - eyeing her and Peeta.
speaker_heading: HAYMITCH
dialog: Remember, you're still a happy pair -
dialog: so act like it.
text: Peeta nods. Katniss too, sort of. Haymitch pushes them out.
text: ..-onto the Stage, where APPLAUSE echoes, CAMERAS everywhere.
text: In the Balconies are the Gamesmakers. Katniss braces herself,
text: all too aware that all of Panem is watching:
scene_heading: EXT. CITY CIRCLE - NIGHT
text: Nothing moves. CITIZENS watching on giant screens.
scene_heading: EXT. DISTRICT 12 - TOWN SQUARE - SAME
dialog: Every citizen of The Seam, watching, hoping... as:
dialog: 
dialog: 49.
scene_heading: EXT. AMPHITHEATRE - BROADCAST STAGE - NIGHT (VARIOUS)
text: Marvel, interviewed by Flickerman. 23 other Tributes waiting.
speaker_heading: FLICKERMAN
dialog: Marvel, we hear so much about
dialog: alliances formed during The Games -
text: tributes banding together in the
dialog: early stages. Do you have a strategy
dialog: in that regard?
speaker_heading: MARVEL
dialog: Seems really weird to me, joining up
dialog: with people you're supposed to be
dialog: competing with. I think I'd be better
dialog: off just killing them.
speaker_heading: FLICKERMAN
dialog: Oh my...
text: Laughter and applause from the crowd - as we CUT TO:
dialog: -Cato, getting his turn now:
speaker_heading: FLICKERMAN
dialog: Cato, you're from District Two, which
dialog: has produced the last two winners of
dialog: The Games. Does that bring any burden
dialog: with it for you?
speaker_heading: CATO
dialog: (calm as Tom Brady:)
dialog: It is a great responsibility, a lot
dialog: to live up to. But it's also a
dialog: privilege - to follow in the
dialog: footsteps of such great champions. I
dialog: just have to match their intensity.
text: Warm applause. Katniss hates this guy already. We JUMP TO:
text: -Foxface, the red-headed girl from 5.
speaker_heading: FLICKERMAN
dialog: So your name's Marissa but everyone
dialog: calls you Foxface. Because you’re a
dialog: redhead?
speaker_heading: FOXFACE
dialog: No, Sir. Because I’m tricky.
text: Sly grin. She holds up his wristwatch.
dialog: *
dialog: +e HH
dialog: ee ee
dialog: *
dialog: *
speaker_heading: KKH FH HHH OF
dialog: *
dialog: 
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: e FLICKERMAN
dialog: My watch!
text: He looks at his bare wrist in astonishment. The audience
text: LAUGHS appreciatively. We CUT TO:
text: -Bravura, flexing huge arms for Flickerman to gape at:
speaker_heading: FLICKERMAN
dialog: Can you really lift two hundred
dialog: pounds?
text: Bravura grabs Flickerman and lifts him over his head. Wow.
speaker_heading: FLICKERMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: I guess he can!
text: Big applause. We CUT TO:
text: -Rue, in that gossamer gown, a shy butterfly.
speaker_heading: RUE
dialog: I’m very hard to catch. And if they
dialog: can’t catch me, they can’t kill me.
dialog: So don’t rule me out.
speaker_heading: @ FLICKERMAN
dialog: I wouldn’t in a million years,
dialog: Darling.
text: He puts his arm around her and kisses the top of her head.
text: An AWWWWW rises from the crowd. We CUT TO:
text: -Thresh, arms crossed with hostility, staring straight ahead.
speaker_heading: FLICKERMAN
dialog: Do you have a weapon of choice,
dialog: Thresh?
speaker_heading: THRESH
dialog: I like knives.
speaker_heading: FLICKERMAN
dialog: Any special reason?
speaker_heading: THRESH
dialog: I think you should be close enough to *
dialog: look somebody in the eyes when you
dialog: kill them. Distance is for cowards.
dialog: +
speaker_heading: FLICKERMAN
dialog: @ Perhaps I'll just scoot my chair a
dialog: few inches farther away from you!
dialog: 51.
text: Big laughter and applause. Thresh sits. Flickerman looks to
text: Katniss, who wipes her hands nervously on her dress.
speaker_heading: FLICKERMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: And now, from District Twelve, the
dialog: girl who was on fire, Katniss
dialog: Everdeen!
text: Katniss crosses to Flickerman amidst APPLAUSE.
speaker_heading: FLICKERMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Katniss, when you came out in the
dialog: opening ceremonies, my heart actually
dialog: stopped. What did you think about
dialog: that costume?
text: And Katniss goes blank. Silence. Uh-oh...
dialog: 
text: Then she spots Cinna, in the audience. That helps.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: You mean after I got over my fear of
dialog: being burned alive?
text: The audience LAUGHS.
speaker_heading: FLICKERMAN
dialog: Yes. Start then.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: I thought Cinna was brilliant and it
dialog: was the most gorgeous costume I'd
dialog: ever seen. I couldn't believe I was
dialog: wearing it. I can't believe I'm
dialog: wearing this either!
dialog: 
text: Katniss looks to Cinna, who makes the tiniest circular motion
text: with his finger, twirl for me. Katniss hesitates... then:
text: She twirls. The Audience eats it up.
speaker_heading: FLICKERMAN
dialog: Oh do that again!
text: She does so. More love from the Audience.
speaker_heading: FLICKERMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: I would give you, and that dress, an
dialog: ELEVEN - which reminds me of your
dialog: Training Score. Tell us about that.
text: Katniss pauses demurely... then:
dialog: 
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: All I can say is, I think it was a
dialog: first.
speaker_heading: FLICKERMAN
dialog: Are you at all afraid it might put a
dialog: target on your back?
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: I doubt my fellow Tributes paid much
dialog: attention to it.
speaker_heading: FLICKERMAN
dialog: Brave girl! Let's go back to the
dialog: moment they called your sister's name
dialog: at The Reaping. And you volunteered.
dialog: Can you tell us about her?
text: Not an easy thing to do. Katniss gathers herself...
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Her name’s Prim. She’s just twelve.
dialog: And I love her more than anything.
speaker_heading: FLICKERMAN
dialog: What did she say to you after The
dialog: Reaping?
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: She asked me to try really hard to
dialog: win. And I swore I would.
speaker_heading: FLICKERMAN
dialog: I bet you did. I bet you did.
dialog: (that hovers...)
dialog: Sorry we're out of time. Best of
dialog: luck, Katniss Everdeen, Tribute from
dialog: District Twelve!
text: BIG APPLAUSE. Cinna gives Katniss a thumbs up. She sits, as:
speaker_heading: FLICKERMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: And welcome Peeta Mellark!
text: More applause. Peeta rises. Katniss watches him go...
speaker_heading: FLICKERMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Peeta, you were covered in flames as
dialog: well, hmmm?
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: Yeah, but it’s different for me. I
dialog: run the ovens at my family’s bakery.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: PEETA (cont'd)
dialog: . So I catch on fire two, three times a
dialog: © week anyway.
text: The audience LAUGHS. Katniss is watching, assessing him.
speaker_heading: FLICKERMAN
dialog: Then you’re used to danger.
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: My mother - when we don't get our
dialog: deliveries made on time - that's
dialog: danger.
text: More LAUGHTER. Peeta is shockingly good at this...
speaker_heading: FLICKERMAN
dialog: Do you have a girlfriend back home?
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: FLICKERMAN
dialog: A handsome lad like you? There must
dialog: be some special girl. Come on, what's
dialog: her name?
text: e Peeta sighs, charming the crowd. Katniss just a spectator.
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: Well, there is this one girl. I’ve
dialog: had a crush on her ever since I can
dialog: remember. But it’s not reciprocated.
text: Crowd MURMURS sympathetically.
speaker_heading: FLICKERMAN
dialog: Oh. She have another fellow?
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: I don’t know. A lot of boys like her.
speaker_heading: FLICKERMAN
dialog: So here's what you do. You win, and
text: return home in triumph. She can’t
dialog: turn you down then, eh?
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: Actually, with this girl, winning
dialog: won't help me.
speaker_heading: FLICKERMAN
dialog: e Why ever not?
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: Because...she came here with me.
text: What?! We PUSH IN ON Katniss; her eyes wide: Me/ He means me!
text: The STUDIO CAMERAS bore in on her, capturing forever her look
text: of surprise and protest. The CROWD sighs.
text: .»--as Peeta milks it, staring at his shoetops...
speaker_heading: FLICKERMAN
dialog: That is a bad piece of luck.
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: It's not good.
speaker_heading: FLICKERMAN
dialog: I can hardly blame you. It'd be hard
dialog: not to fall for that young lady.
text: More applause. Katniss smoldering. Peeta smiling nervously...
text: A few in the audience weeping now.
speaker_heading: FLICKERMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Wouldn't you just love to pull her
dialog: back up here and get a response?!
dialog: (the CROWD roars)
dialog: Sadly, rules are rules, and her time
dialog: is up. But best of luck to you, Peeta
dialog: Mellark - and I think I speak for all
dialog: of Panem when I say our hearts go
dialog: with yours.
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: Thank you.
text: He returns to his seat. The crowd cheers. Katniss stares
text: straight ahead. A BAND starts playing the NATIONAL ANTHEM.
text: Everyone in the building rises - but the SCREENS in here are
text: filled with a single TWO-SHOT, Katniss and Peeta, the newly-
text: minted stars of this show. On her face, burning, we CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. AMPHITHEATRE - BACKSTAGE - MOMENTS LATER
text: BOOM! Katniss puts both palms into Peeta's chest, knocking
text: him backward. He falls into a potted plant, cutting his hand.
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: What was that for?
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: You had no right to do that!
dialog: 55.
text: @ Effie and Haymitch rush over, alarmed.
speaker_heading: HAYMITCH
dialog: What happened?!
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: Nothing. I fell.
text: Haymitch pulls Peeta up, noting the blood on Peeta's hand.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Did you put him up to this?
speaker_heading: HAYMITCH
dialog: I wish I had. It played great.
text: That angered her even more. Peeta stays silent.
speaker_heading: EFFIE
dialog: You owe him a thank you, Katniss. You
dialog: just crossed-over out there!
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: What the hell does that mean?
speaker_heading: HAYMITCH
dialog: e It means he just gave everybody
dialog: outside District Twelve a reason to
dialog: give a damn about you.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: He made me look weak.
speaker_heading: HAYMITCH
dialog: He made you look desirable, which
dialog: might be enough to save your life
dialog: tomorrow. The Star-Crossed Lovers
dialog: from District 12. Sponsors go for--
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: But we're not Star-Crossed Lovers!
speaker_heading: HAYMITCH
dialog: Then fake it. Because whatever those
dialog: people want to buy, it's our job to
dialog: sell it to them. Understand?
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Or would you rather do it your way -
dialog: and die?
text: e Katniss eyes them both... then walks away. We DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 
dialog: 56.
scene_heading: INT. TRAINING CENTER - KATNISS'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Katniss, alone. It's the night before the Games, and she's a
text: wreck, no chance of sleeping. Staring at that Mockingjay pin.
text: Then, a knock at her door. Must be Peeta. Great. She crosses
text: to it, annoyed. Opens it.
text: That fast, her jaw drops - because:
text: Gale is standing here. Cleaned up. Dressed like an AVOX.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: Hi, Katniss.
text: Before Katniss can formulate a reply, we CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. TRAINING CENTER - DINING ROOM - LATE NIGHT
text: Haymitch sits alone - buzzed, not hammered - until:
speaker_heading: EFFIE (0.S.)
dialog: You really ought to get some sleep
dialog: tonight, Haymitch.
text: Effie. She seems less pitched than usual. More genuine.
speaker_heading: EFFIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Are you sober?
speaker_heading: HAYMITCH
dialog: Basically. Mostly. Had to honor my
dialog: pledge to our Tributes.
dialog: (no reply)
dialog: Besides, tonight is not about booze.
dialog: It's about bread and circuses.
speaker_heading: EFFIE
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: HAYMITCH
dialog: Somebody asked a Roman emperor once,
dialog: "How do you get a public to give up
dialog: all its rights without a protest?"
dialog: And he said, "Easy. Just give them
dialog: bread and circuses."
speaker_heading: EFFIE
dialog: Haymitch! Govern yourself! People
dialog: could be listening.
text: And she goes. He pounds his fist on the table...
dialog: 57.
scene_heading: @ INT. TRAINING CENTER - KATNISS'S COMPARTMENT - RESUMING
text: Katniss pulls Gale into her room, scared to death for him.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: How did you--
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: A coal train. Then I stole an i.d. to
dialog: get around the city.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: That was reckless, Gale. They kill
dialog: people for infiltrating the Capitol.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: I thought I could help you.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: You can help me by taking care of
dialog: Prim and my mother. I can't do this
dialog: if I'm worrying about-- *
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: It's Prim that asked me to come. She *
dialog: @ wanted you to see something. *
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Ooh.
text: He extracts something from inside the jumpsuit he's been *
text: wearing. Four pieces of ARTIST'S PAPER. He lays them out:
text: FOUR DRAWINGS OF KATNISS stare up at us now. Sketches,
text: lovingly rendered. Beautiful... She sags a bit.
speaker_heading: KATNISS (CONT'D) *
dialog: Gale. You shouldn't've--
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: I didn't draw them, Katniss. Peeta
dialog: did. We saw his Mom throwing them *
text: into a dumpster after The Reaping.
text: Katniss is silent; it's a lot to take in.
speaker_heading: GALE (CONT'D)
dialog: You don't like trusting people; I *
dialog: know that. But this time you should. *
dialog: He'll protect you.
speaker_heading: @ KATNISS
dialog: How do you know?
dialog: 
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: Guys do dumb things sometimes, when
dialog: they're...
text: The sentence fades; he can't finish it. Tons going unsaid.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: We didn't get to say goodbye, before.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: No. And I'm not gonna say it now.
dialog: ‘Cause I'm planning to see you again,
dialog: after The Games. Okay?
dialog: (she shrugs, doubts it)
dialog: You're the best hunter I know,
dialog: Katniss. Even better than me. You
dialog: know how to kill.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Not people.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: How different can it be, really?
text: That hovers. They're both sad as hell.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: You should go. There's a curfew.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: I'm serious. I'm not saying goodbye.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Then...
text: She puts those three fingers to her lips, offering him that
text: same wordless gesture. He nods, eyes welling. Returns it.
text: Then he opens the door. And her eyes go wide once again:
text: ..-because Lavinia is out here, waiting in the hall. Gale
text: nods to her - which tells Katniss that Lavinia is the one who
text: got him into this building. Hence Katniss's utter awe.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: We'll be watching...
text: Katniss is speechless. Lavinia can't acknowledge it. Gale
text: nods, smiles... then follows the Avox down the hall...
scene_heading: INT. CAPITOL - JUVENAL CASINO/SPORTS BOOK - LATE NIGHT
text: A decadent showplace, acres of brightly-lighted darkness.
dialog: 
dialog: *
speaker_heading: +e HHH HH
dialog: 59.
scene_heading: @ GIANT ELECTRONIC BOARDS in here give us COLOR-CODED ODDS on
dialog: every sporting event in Panem - numbers that change at
text: dizzying speeds as bets come in from across the nation.
text: One electronic wall is dedicated solely to the Hunger Games.
dialog: There are "proposition bets" here - odds on which Tribute
dialog: will die first, what the first cause of death will be, and an
dialog: “over-under" on how many Tributes will fall on the first day.
dialog: And, of course, there are odds on who's going to win.
text: At the top are the favorites. Cato at 3-to-1l. Marvel at 7-to-
text: 2. Thresh at 4-to-1. Peeta's way down, at 25-to-1. Even at
text: this hour, the line at the BETTING WINDOWS is twenty-deep.
text: Haymitch stands in the back of the Sports Book, eyeing all
text: those numbers... until his eyes land on the BOTTOM of the
text: betting board, where the LONG-SHOTS are listed.
text: There, listed at 100-to-1... is Katniss Everdeen. *
text: Haymitch tightens. She's going to die, and he knows it.
scene_heading: INT. TRAINING CENTER - KATNISS'S ROOM - EARLY MORNING
text: @ Dawn breaks. Katniss awakens... and gasps:
text: .--because Haymitch is here, kneeling by the edge of her bed.
text: Hasn't slept all night. He leans in with quiet urgency:
speaker_heading: HAYMITCH
dialog: When the gong sounds, get the hell
text: out of there. The Cornucopia is
dialog: always a blood-bath, and you're not
dialog: up to it. Just clear out, put as much
dialog: distance as you can between yourself
text: and the others, and find a source of
dialog: water. I'm not gonna send you
dialog: anything you can find on your own.
text: Katniss nods. He's about to go on, when:
text: A_MOUNTED TV _pops_on, "Reminding all Tributes to wake up and
dialog: gather in the Lobby of the Training Center!"
text: Haymitch eyes it anxiously. Katniss too... until:
speaker_heading: HAYMITCH (CONT'D)
dialog: Remember this - it's important:
dialog: You don't win in there by killing *
dialog: e people - despite what Seneca thinks.
dialog: You win by not dying.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: HAYMITCH (CONT'D)
dialog: (Katniss nods)
dialog: Run. Hide. Cheat if you have to. Let
dialog: them kill each other. But stay alive.
text: Katniss got that, every word. On her face, we CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOVERCRAFT - FLYING - MORNING
text: The Tributes are airlifted in a HOVERCRAFT. No one talks -
text: just eyeing one another, or the floor.
text: A NURSE carrying a nasty-looking SYRINGE approaches Katniss.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Still, please. This is your tracker.
text: Katniss nods. Nurse injects her forearm, painfully, and moves
text: on to Rue. Katniss stares out the window. Wilderness below...
text: Then the windows suddenly BLACK OUT - screens rising up.
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: I guess we're getting close...
scene_heading: INT. TRANSPORT - MOVING - MORNING
text: A VAN, its windows BLACKED OUT. The Tributes ride in silence.
text: Fists clenching, unclenching, feet tapping, throats clearing,
text: Cato doing PUSH-UPS. The van disappears into a tunnel...
scene_heading: INT. UNKNOWN UNDERGROUND SITE - CORRIDOR - MORNING
text: A PEACEKEEPER leads Katniss to a door. On it, the words,
dialog: "This Launch Room was used on Day One of the 74th Hunger
dialog: Games by Katniss Everdeen - Female, District 12."
text: Peacekeeper opens the door, revealing a dressing room.
scene_heading: INT. UNKNOWN UNDERGROUND SITE - LAUNCH ROOM - MORNING
text: She's in simple tawny pants, light green blouse, brown belt,
text: thin hooded black jacket, leather boots over socks. Cinna
text: braids her hair. Katniss just stares. Numb silence.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CINNA
dialog: Expect some cool nights. The jacket's
dialog: designed to reflect body heat.
text: She nods, tries to affix her mockingjay pin onto her outfit.
text: But her hand is shaking so badly, she can't do it.
text: Cinna smiles warmly, takes the pin, affixes it for her.
dialog: 
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: CINNA (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you want to talk, Katniss?
text: She shakes her head. He takes her hand. There are no words.
text: Just dread, hanging... until they hear a GONG - and their
text: eyes lock - as the voice echoes loudly:
speaker_heading: TEMPLESMITH (V.O.)
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen, let the 74th
dialog: Hunger Games begin!
text: So this is it. She shuts her eyes tight. Opens them again.
text: Cinna nods, trying to be of comfort. But he's fighting tears.
text: Katniss moves to a CIRCLE cut into the floor. So scared...
speaker_heading: CINNA
dialog: I want you to know something - we're
dialog: not allowed to bet. But if I could,
dialog: my money would be on you.
dialog: {she half-nods)
dialog: Good luck, Girl on Fire...
text: She shakes, terrified, as the circle - a PLATFORM - rises,
text: pushing her up. The ceiling above her OPENS into darkness.
scene_heading: INT. CYLINDER - MOVING - CONTINUING
text: She stands on the platform, rising through a pitch-black
text: CYLINDER. Heart thumping. As she hears:
speaker_heading: TEMPLESMITH (V.O.)
dialog: Tributes, the Arena is about to be
dialog: revealed to you. DO NOT leave your
dialog: platform until the countdown has
dialog: concluded. The penalty will be
dialog: severe.
text: The platform rises. Then, BLINDING LIGHT from above.
text: DAYLIGHT. Katniss's cylinder now emerges from blackness, to:
scene_heading: EXT. THE ARENA - CORNUCOPIA - CONTINUING
text: And she sees it, at last: the ARENA. It's a FOREST - to her
text: right is a LAKE. To her left, sparse piney WOODS.
text: And all around her, the 23 OTHER TRIBUTES, each emerging just
text: as she does, their platforms settling now. 24 sets of eyes
text: landing on the very same thing - 100 yards from here:
text: A giant golden CORNUCOPIA, its mouth 20 feet high, spilling
text: over with life itself: food, water containers, fire-starters,
text: medicine, blankets, backpacks, and WEAPONS. As we hear:
dialog: *
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: TEMPLESMITH (V.O.)
dialog: Good Luck! And may the odds be ever
dialog: in your favor!
text: A CLOCK begins to tick down. 60, 59, 58, 57...
text: Katniss scans the Cornucopia - all those weapons. Knives,
text: spears, maces, clubs. And a BOW AND ARROWS...
text: 40 seconds, 39, 38... There's nothing but a plain of hard-
text: packed dirt between her and that bow, except the fact that
text: the 23 other Tributes might be running for it too.
text: She swallows hard, her breaths shallow. Watching the others:
text: Cato, Clove, Marvel, Glimmer, Thresh, Bravura - they all look
text: so steely. Aren't they terrified too? They don't seem it.
text: But Rue does. The little thing is trembling. Fox-Face too...
dialog: 20 seconds, 19, 18... The whole world is that bow. Katniss
text: has to have it. Then she sees Peeta, looking right at her...
text: shaking his head as if to talk her out of running for it.
text: Concentration broken, that fast. Katniss loses her edge.
text: Nine seconds, 8, eyes darting, 6, 5, hands clenched, 3, 2...
text: ...until Bravura can't wait any longer. He steps off his
text: platform just as the clock hits one, and:
text: ..-he EXPLODES, just like that. A LANDMINE - sending pieces
text: of him spraying in all directions. The countdown stops.
text: No one breathes. Or blinks. We hear a CANNON BLAST.
text: Then the clock resumes - ONE, ZERO - before Katniss can
text: regroup. And a LOUD GONG goes off.
text: .--and it has begun. The Tributes burst from their platforms,
dialog: racing for the Cornucopia.
text: It's a dizzying, chaotic blur - CHILDREN, running for
text: weapons. We hear our first SCREAM. Katniss turns. A GROAN
text: nearby - someone dying. CANNON BLAST #2.
text: There's a loaf of bread ten feet away, beside a folded up
text: sheet of plastic and an orange BACKPACK. Katniss lunges
text: forward, grabs the bread, the plastic, and...
text: Wait, there are suddenly FOUR HANDS on the backpack: hers and
text: those of the BOY FROM 9. They grapple for it. Both confused,
text: disoriented, desperate. His eyes narrow, determined.
dialog: 
dialog: 63.
text: Then a lost look crosses them. And red spray plumes from his
text: mouth. He staggers forward, releasing his grip on the pack.
text: «..revealing a knife in his back - thrown from 20 yards away -
text: by Clove, who has two more knives in hand. Katniss freezes.
text: Then she wheels, sprinting away while throwing the backpack
text: over her shoulders. We hear a deadly WHIZZING sound...
text: This knife implants itself in the backpack. Katniss keeps
text: running, doesn't look back, leaving behind the horror of the
text: Cornucopia. Adolescents killing each other.
text: And each time a body falls, another CANNON BLAST can be
text: heard. Three, four, five... Katniss keeps running. We CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - MOVING - 20 MINUTES LATER (DAY)
text: Katniss still running. She pulls off the backpack and removes
text: the knife, slides the knife into her belt...
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST VALLEY - MOVING - DAY
text: The land slopes down into a VALLEY. Katniss is jogging now,
text: head on a swivel - looking for danger... or water.
text: Up ahead, she sees a rabbit. She reaches for her bow - out of
text: habit. But she doesn't have one. Takes a tentative step.
text: Startled, the rabbit runs away. Katniss swallows hard.
scene_heading: EXT. TREE - DAY
text: Katniss sits, parched and panting. Opens the backpack.
text: The contents: One thin black sleeping bag, pack of crackers,
text: pack of beef strips, bottle of iodine, box of wooden matches,
text: coil of wire, sunglasses, a half-gallon water jug - EMPTY.
scene_heading: EXT. ANOTHER TREE - DAY
text: Desperately thirsty, she cuts into a tree with the knife,
text: slicing away the outer bark to get to a softer inner bark.
dialog: Not easy to chew, but it'll have to do.
scene_heading: EXT. A THIRD TREE - DAY
text: She rigs a TWITCH-UP SNARE at the base of a tree. In the
text: distance, MORE CANNON BLASTS, several of them.
scene_heading: EXT. TREE BRANCH - NIGHT
text: Katniss, on a branch 50 feet up, bunking in:
dialog: 64.
text: She loops her BELT around a branch to secure her sleeping
text: bag. Climbs in the bag...
scene_heading: EXT. CORNUCOPIA - NIGHT
text: Hours ago, there was a bloodbath here. Now all is still.
text: Bodies lie on the ground, mere feet from the Cornucopia.
text: Then DUST kicks up, a furious gust of air... as a HOVERCRAFT
text: descends. Tentacle-like ARMS extend from it, gathering the
text: bodies one by one, pulling them up and in...
scene_heading: INT. GAMES CENTER - SAME
text: Seneca watches 13 SCREENS at once - monitoring each Tribute.
speaker_heading: TEMPLESMITH (V.O., ON TV)
dialog: Night One ends with eleven Tributes
text: dead, thirteen still in play. It's
dialog: always thrilling to guess how it'll
dialog: unfold from here, now that the
text: jitters of Day One have gone and the
text: Tributes have a moment to strategize.
text: Their Mentors begin to play a role
text: now too, scrambling to line up the
dialog: Sponsors whose gifts might mean the
dialog: difference between life and death.
dialog: Certainly is a good time to have rich
dialog: benefactors! By the way, for all you
dialog: gamblers out there, the first three
dialog: deaths today were the Boy from 4, and
dialog: the Girls from 6 and 10. A 200-to-~1
dialog: shot if you bet it as an Exacta!
scene_heading: EXT. TREE BRANCH - NIGHT (RESUMING)
text: Katniss is alone. NIGHT CREATURES chitter around her. Above
text: her, IMAGES are projected onto the sky. FACES... of today's
text: casualties: Bravura, and the Boy from 9, and others.
text: But no Peeta. Katniss sighs, relieved. The last face is
text: replaced by the CAPITOL SEAL, as the sounds of the NATIONAL
text: ANTHEM begin to soar...
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL - LOCATION UNKNOWN - NIGHT
text: Lavinia, the Avox, walks down a dank, dark STAIRWELL - Gale
text: right behind her. Then Lavinia opens a door, revealing:
scene_heading: INT. AVOX BARRACKS - LOCATION UNKNOWN - CONTINUING
text: That fast, Gale is breathless. Aghast at what he's seeing:
dialog: 65.
text: An underground BARRACKS. Row after row of tin BUNKS, triple-
dialog: stacked; swap the tin for wood and this'd be Auschwitz.
text: Filthy. Scary. Home to 5,000 miserable INMATES:
text: Avoxes - of every age. In every bunk. Their spirits broken,
text: eyes lifeless. Gale turns, stunned and humbled.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: This is where they... keep you?
text: Lavinia nods. Gale's floored. She leads him to an empty bunk.
scene_heading: EXT. ARENA - TREE BRANCH - PRE-DAWN
text: Katniss, belted onto that branch, is awakened - by the sound
text: of SNAPPING TWIGS. Her eyes bounce open, instant vigilance.
text: A GIRL TRIBUTE runs by, fifty feet below - tired, hungry,
text: scared. The Girl finds a nearby rock to hide behind. Katniss
text: stays still. SUPER: "DAY TWO".
text: Then, a distinct sound: two rocks being rubbed together,
text: sparking. And... SMOKE, a thin wisp of it, rising up from
text: behind that rock. Katniss mutters, incredulous, to no one:
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Idiot.
text: The smoke snakes its way up. Her eyes close. We CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. TREE BRANCH - ONE HOUR LATER (DAWN)
text: Katniss is awakened again - this time by the HEAVY FOOTFALLS
text: of SEVERAL PAIRS OF BOOTS, coming right at her. Trouble.
text: She goes rigid, frightened to see SIX TRIBUTES down there,
dialog: running this way - hunting as a pack. Not good.
text: They flank the large rock that the Fire-Starter is behind...
text: and Katniss hears the rest: A shocked scream. A plea for
text: mercy. "Please!"... Then death. Followed by a CANNON BLAST.
text: The PACK-MEMBERS emerge from behind the rock. Katniss can see
text: their arms, legs - then faces - both Tributes from 1, both
text: Tributes from 2, the Girl from 4. And their voices now:
speaker_heading: GLIMMER
dialog: What's he doing back there?
speaker_heading: CLOVE
dialog: He's such a romantic - maybe he's
dialog: cutting her heart out!
dialog: 
dialog: 66.
text: The others laugh; then a THIRD BOY emerges from the kill.
text: And Katniss's eyes go wide. Utterly shocked to see:
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: Let's go.
text: ..-Peeta. Face swollen, a bloody bandage on his arm, fighting
text: in a pack with these monsters. A horrible betrayal.
text: Katniss is frozen. I must be seeing things. But she's not.
text: It's Peeta. The Pack drifts away, as:
speaker_heading: CATO
dialog: Okay. Now we find your girlfriend.
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: I tried to tell you, she wouldn't be
text: dumb enough to start a fire.
text: With that they're gone. Katniss is livid, reeling, as:
scene_heading: INT. DISTRICT 12 - THE SEAM - SCHOOLROOM - DAY
text: Prim sits at a ragged desk in a threadbare SCHOOLROOM. Her
text: whole class watches The Games on a beautiful TELEVISION. So
text: Prim is watching her sister, as:
speaker_heading: TEMPLESMITH (ON TV)
dialog: Pack-hunting is a sound strategy; we
dialog: see it every year. But it's the first
dialog: time I can recall a Tribute from
dialog: Twelve being included in one. Katniss
dialog: seems pretty shocked by it too! Some
dialog: boyfriend, that Peeta! Ouch!
text: Templesmith chuckles. Prim just shuts her eyes, whispers:
speaker_heading: PRIM
dialog: Katniss...
scene_heading: EXT. TREE BRANCH - RESUMING
text: Stillness. Then the top of this tree begins to blow sideways - *
text: Katniss has to hang on, literally. A WHOOSH OF AIR.
text: ..-.it's another HOVERCRAFT, descending. The arms extend from
text: it, disappearing behind that boulder. Next thing Katniss sees
text: is the body of Fire-Starter Girl, vanishing into the craft.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - LATER DAY *
text: A SCORCHING SUN overhead - Katniss panting as she walks. *
dialog: 67.
text: She pulls those SUNGLASSES from her backpack, tries them on.
text: They distort her vision entirely. She puts them back again,
text: drags herself to the site of the SNARE she'd set up. Inside,
text: a dead rabbit. She grabs it, wearily.
scene_heading: EXT. FIRE-STARTER SITE - DAY
text: She cooks the rabbit over the still-hot coals of the fire
text: left behind by the dead girl.
text: But no smoke rises from it because she's rigged a CLOTH over
text: the fire, propped up by sticks, to absorb the smoke.
text: Her lips have cracked. She coats them with grease from the
text: rabbit. Swallowing is an effort, like razors in her throat.
scene_heading: EXT. FIRE-STARTER SITE - LATER DAY
text: She wraps up half the rabbit, puts it in her pack. Steps out
dialog: from the tree's shade... into that killing sun again...
scene_heading: EXT. GLADE - TWO HOURS LATER (DAY)
text: Parched, weak, she snaps a branch in two, turns it into a
text: walking stick. Up ahead is a patch of BERRIES. At last.
text: She kneels down, grabs at them, just about to pop them into
text: her mouth... when she stops herself. She knows these berries.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Nightlock.
text: She tosses them away and keeps going.
scene_heading: EXT. GLEN - HOURS LATER (DAY)
text: Katniss sags against a boulder - lips burning, eyes shut, sun
text: beating down on her. What comes out is a barely audible plea:
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Water, Haymitch. Please...
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH/INT. GAMES CENTER - HAYMITCH'S QUARTERS - SAME
text: Haymitch, of course, is watching. Effie eyes him.
speaker_heading: HAYMITCH
dialog: Water she can find on her own...
text: He pours himself a cup of COFFEE, slugs down a bitter gulp.
dialog: 68.
scene_heading: @ EXT. MUDDY PATCH - AN HOUR LATER
text: Katniss stumbles, weary. The ground starts to spin. She keeps
text: moving, leaning on that stick.
text: Then she drops, collapsing. Silence.
scene_heading: INT. GAMES CENTER - HAYMITCH'S QUARTERS - SAME
text: Haymitch just saw that, of course - Katniss, in a heap...
scene_heading: INT. ARENA - MUDDY PATCH - RESUMING
text: Katniss is flat on her back, delirious. We MOVE IN ON HER
text: FACE - then down her shoulders, an arm, a hand, fingers...
text: +..when we notice that they're moving in something. Mud.
text: That means water. Her eyes SNAP OPEN. She rolls on to her
text: stomach and starts to crawl, urgently, trying to find the
text: source wetting this ground. Crawling in mud, like an animal.
text: Up ahead, a tangle of plants. She plows through it, to:
scene_heading: EXT. ARENA - POND - CONTINUING
text: @ And there it is, a POND. But she doesn't drink from it.
text: Instead she grabs her WATER-JUG, fills it. Drops an IODINE
text: PILL into it - and starts counting:
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: One, two, three, four, five, six...
text: Still counting. The patience is inhuman.
scene_heading: INT. GAMES CENTER - SAME
text: Seneca, watching - along with 15 bored Gamesmakers...
speaker_heading: SENECA
dialog: How long since our last event?
speaker_heading: BETTO
dialog: Eight hours ago, Sir. The girl from
text: Seven, behind the rock.
speaker_heading: SENECA
dialog: Then we're due. On my signal...
scene_heading: @ EXT. ARENA - POND - FIVE MINUTES LATER
text: Katniss, waiting before she can drink the water safely...
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Two-hundred ninety-eight. Two-hundred
dialog: ninety-nine... Three-Hundred.
text: Now she can drink. She empties the jug into her mouth, almost
text: crying from relief. One long delicious chug.
text: She refills it, drops another Iodine pellet in. Starts
dialog: counting again. One, two, three--
text: ...until a THUNDEROUS SOUND snaps her head around. She turns:
text: ...toward a horror -- TERRIFIED ANIMALS, bursting out of the
text: woods in a STAMPEDE, coming this way...
text: Because a WALL OF FLAMES is behind them - mountainous, fast-
text: moving - a FOREST FIRE, barrelling at us.
text: Katniss is spun around and nearly trampled by the panicking
text: animals. She turns, fleeing, carrying that jug like a
text: football, her backpack bouncing on her back.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - MOVING - CONTINUING
text: Suddenly, everything around her is on fire, every tree... She
text: dodges a burning BRANCH, jumps over a burning LOG. But the
text: tail of her jacket catches on fire.
text: She dives to the ground head-first, rolls over twice to
text: smother the fire. Then she's off again, running alongside the
text: animals, their panicked screams adding to the terror.
scene_heading: INT. DISTRICT 12 ~ SCHOOLROOM - RESUMING
text: Prim, watching. It's unbearable. Around her, silence.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - STONE OUTCROPPING - MOMENTS LATER
text: Katniss gets to the other side of a huge rock ~ nothing
text: burning within fifty yards of her. She sags back, gasping.
text: Searing pain in her chest, but she's unburned. She stuffs the
text: water-jug back into the backpack.
text: +--until a strange thin HISS cuts the air. She looks up.
text: «-.as a FIREBALL whizzes within an inch of her head,
text: IMPLODING on the boulder behind her.
text: This wasn't part of the forest fire. It was MAN~MADE, the
text: size of an apple... and it was aimed right at her.
dialog: 70.
text: She bolts up, sprinting away. Hears another HISS. Flattens
text: herself to the ground as a SECOND FIREBALL surges over her,
text: slamming into a tree, instantly immolating it.
text: She gets to her feet. Running. Gasping. Smoke everywhere. A
text: THIRD HISS - this fireball so close it takes six inches off
text: her braid. But she keeps running. No animals in sight now.
text: Fire on all sides of her. Up ahead is the edge of a CLIFF --
text: we can't see what's below it. A FOURTH HISS cuts the air...
text: She runs blindly, eyes burning. The FOURTH FIREBALL blazes
text: across her left calf, setting it on fire. Instant agony.
text: Fire bearing down on her, that precipice up ahead... Another
text: HISS — another FIREBALL coming at her. She's running, crying,
dialog: @ying. And here comes the cliff. It's that or burn to death.
text: SHE JUMPS, blind, no idea what's below -- that last FIREBALL
text: barely misses her. Then she sees what's beneath her:
text: A VALLEY FLOOR, 500-feet down. Death. She plummets, helpless.
scene_heading: INT. GAMES CENTER - RESUMING
text: Seneca and his Staff watch her tumble through the air...
text: Seneca allows a grin, because he knows what's coming:
scene_heading: EXT. ARENA - CLIFF - FALLING - RESUMING
text: Katniss, falling, hurtling into oblivion, eyes shut...
text: .--when suddenly, she LANDS, in mid-air, bouncing up as if
text: she'd hit an unseen TRAMPOLINE.
text: Actually, she has. It's another PLASMA FIELD - stretching
text: across this vast chasm. Christ. Katniss bounces on it gently
text: now - in utter shock.
text: A STEEL LADDER has been drilled into the face of the cliff
text: from which she just leapt. She eyes it, awed.
scene_heading: INT. GAMES CENTER - RESUMING
text: Seneca beams. The Staff applauds. He shrugs modestly.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - POOL - LATER (EVENING)
text: Katniss is on solid ground again, lying on her belly, her
text: hands plunged into a tiny pool.
dialog: 71.
text: @ The flames painted on her nails are chipping off. Good. She's
text: had enough of fire now. She sits up, cuts the remains of her
text: pant-leg away, braces herself... and nearly faints:
text: SEARED FLESH stares back at her. Her CALF, bright red. She
text: tries to breathe, but can't. Agony is coming; she knows that:
text: She grabs the PLASTIC SHEET from her backpack, folds it into
text: a palm-sized square. Puts it in her mouth, bites down...
text: »-.-and plunges the leg into the pond. The pain is awful - her
text: eyes tearing. But she leaves the leg in there.
text: She swallows a gulp from her jug. Refills it again, drops
text: another Iodine pellet in. Functioning...
text: She empties her backpack, starts inventorying all her
text: belongings again. Methodically. It's comforting somehow. She
text: looks around, spots a TALL PINE. The sun's setting...
scene_heading: INT. CAPITOL - GAMES CENTER - MISSION CONTROL - NIGHT
text: A quiet night-shift. Betto at his monitor. Then something *
text: suddenly amuses him. He looks at his watch and calls out:
speaker_heading: @ BETTO *
dialog: Whoa. 10:36. You're an hour ahead of
dialog: last year's time, Haymitch. Good!
text: Reveal Haymitch - standing in the doorway, an object of scorn
text: in here. Another Staffer, DELANO, grumbles.
speaker_heading: DELANO
dialog: Damn it.
text: Delano tosses Betto a 2-Florin COIN, (paying off a wager.) *
text: Betto chuckles. Haymitch nods, used to it by now... *
speaker_heading: HAYMITCH
dialog: My Tribute needs medicine, for her
dialog: leg. I'd like to see Seneca--
speaker_heading: BETTO *
dialog: As always, he anticipated your
dialog: request and ruled on it before he
dialog: went to bed. But you can feel great
dialog: about staying sober long enough to
dialog: advocate on her behalf. Well done.
text: Laughter from the Staffers cuts right through us...
speaker_heading: @ HAYMITCH
dialog: May I see him tomorrow then?
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: BETTO
dialog: Tomorrow you'll be face-down drunk,
dialog: just like every year. Please do let
dialog: us know the exact time you take that
dialog: first drink, though, ‘cause we have
text: an actual office pool on that one.
dialog: (more derisive laughter)
dialog: See ya next year, Haymitch.
text: A public undressing. And Haymitch can't fire back. He turns
text: and leaves. Laughter follows him out the door.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - PINE - SUNSET
text: Katniss climbs, wincing each time her calf hits bark. Agony.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - PINE - BRANCH #1 - EVENING
text: Fifty feet up. She settles painfully atop her sleeping bag.
text: The Capitol Seal fills the sky above. The Anthem plays.
text: She closes her eyes, her hand clutching Clove's SERRATED
text: KNIFE. We DRIFT DOWN, to that burned leg...
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - PINE - BRANCH #1 - LATER NIGHT
text: Katniss is half-asleep, her leg aching... when she hears
text: SPLASHING below. Her head snaps around. She looks down...
text: «..to see the CAREER PACK: Cato, Clove, Marvel, Glimmer, a
text: GIRL FROM 4... and Peeta. All of them looking up at her.
speaker_heading: CATO
dialog: Well whaddaya know?
text: Katniss tightens. Glimmer draws back that BOW.
speaker_heading: MARVEL
dialog: Don't bother. I got her.
text: He starts to climb the tree - pure menace, coming at us.
text: Katniss is already fifty feet up, but there's ANOTHER BRANCH
text: 30 feet higher. She puts the KNIFE in her teeth, and climbs,
text: painfully, her calf searing. She endures it.
text: Marvel, less nimble than Katniss, crashes back down to the
text: ground, taking a low branch with him - as Katniss reaches:
scene_heading: EXT. PINE - BRANCH #2 - CONTINUING
text: She settles in, protected by height and foliage. But:
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: GLIMMER
dialog: I'll get her.
text: Glimmer, her blue eyes blazing, fires an arrow - straight up.
text: The arrow misses Katniss narrowly, runs out of steam, hits
text: its apogee, and starts to fall back to Earth.
text: Katniss grabs it in mid-air, and waves it mockingly at The
text: Careers. Glimmer smolders.
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: Let her stay up there. She's not
dialog: going anywhere. We'll deal with her
text: in the morning.
text: Cato shrugs. The Careers drop their gear, settling in.
text: Katniss is stuck now, 80 feet up. The Careers make camp...
scene_heading: INT. CAPITOL - CITY CIRCLE - BAR - LATE NIGHT
text: BARFLIES watch the Games. At a table in the corner Haymitch
text: sips quietly. Defeated. Numbing himself... until:
speaker_heading: GALE (0.S.)
dialog: What a coward you are.
text: Haymitch looks up, and gets a shock: Gale —- standing here.
text: Haymitch is so thrown, he can't think up a reply.
speaker_heading: GALE (CONT'D)
dialog: She needs medicine - before that leg
text: gets infected.
speaker_heading: HAYMITCH
dialog: It's Treason - sneaking into the
dialog: Capitol. Punishable by Death. Don't
dialog: you know that?
text: Gale nods. Haymitch eyes him with drunken awe.
speaker_heading: HAYMITCH (CONT'D)
dialog: And you risked it? For her? My, my.
dialog: (no reply...)
dialog: Two boys in love with her. I wish I'd
dialog: known. It would've played great
dialog: during the interviews.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: She could die.
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: HAYMITCH
dialog: Kid, she's not likely to survive long
dialog: enough for that burn to be the thing
dialog: that kills her.
dialog: 
text: Gale, his eyes now murderous, plants himself beside Haymitch.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: You're supposed to be helping her -
dialog: sending her what she needs.
speaker_heading: HAYMITCH
dialog: If the Gamesmakers approve it. If
dialog: Seneca approves it.
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: Then go to Seneca.
speaker_heading: HAYMITCH
dialog: I just did. He said no. And asking
dialog: again would be viewed as an act of
dialog: dissent.
text: Gale reacts - awe and disgust. Haymitch reads his mind:
speaker_heading: HAYMITCH (CONT'D)
dialog: Yes, I'm a coward. And a drunk. I
dialog: doubt you'd do any better on your
dialog: twenty-fourth Games.
text: He gulps down the rest of his drink. Signals for another. So
text: it's over. But Gale won't let up:
speaker_heading: GALE
dialog: Our fathers died together - in the
dialog: mines. Did you know that?
dialog: (Haymitch shrugs)
dialog: It's how I met her, getting our
dialog: condolence medals from the Mayor's
dialog: Office. She was twelve - with a
dialog: little sister and a mother who was
dialog: falling apart. We started hunting
dialog: together, to keep our families fed.
dialog: I'll tell you something about her and
dialog: those woods, they're the only place I
dialog: ever saw her smile; she has a talent
dialog: for them. The other Tributes don't
dialog: know that yet, but they will.
dialog: Personally, I don't think they have a
dialog: chance against her. She's too good -
dialog: if she has two legs to stand on.
text: No reply. A WAITRESS sets another drink down. Uh-oh...
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: GALE (CONT'D)
dialog: Her whole life, she's never had
dialog: anybody to help her. Now she's got
dialog: you - and that's it - against all
dialog: this. Are you really gonna let her
dialog: die in there from something you
dialog: could've stopped?
text: On Haymitch's face, eyeing that drink... we CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PINE - BRANCH #2 - RESUMING - NIGHT
text: Katniss rests against the tree trunk, her seared calf
text: dangling off the branch. Below, the Careers sleep.
text: Then, a flicker. She squints, tracking it. Twenty feet away:
text: A pair of EYES - watching her. Is it an animal...? She grabs
text: for that arrow, as if it might somehow defend her, then looks
text: closer, in spotty moonlight... until she realizes:
text: The pair of eyes staring at her... they belong to RUE - who
text: has been hiding on a neighboring tree all along. 80 feet up.
text: A silent moment, two girls, staring at one another... when
text: Rue silently points a single finger, the universal gesture
text: for "Look up, over your head." Katniss looks up...
text: And there it is, right above her, hanging from a tall branch:
text: A WASPS' NEST. Big, round, the size of a beach-ball...
scene_heading: INT. CAPITOL - CITY CIRCLE - BAR - RESUMING
dialog: Haymitch and Gale just saw that.
speaker_heading: TEMPLESMITH (ON TV)
dialog: Oh, Dear. Looks like she's picked the
dialog: wrong branch to hide out on. That's a
text: Tracker- ker nest above her. Two or
text: three stings can be fatal.
text: Gale fumes... as Haymitch closes his eyes with dread.
scene_heading: EXT. PINE - BRANCH #2 - RESUMING
text: Katniss looks up at the nest, then to Rue, then to the
text: Careers sleeping below... And an idea hits her.
text: She puts that knife back in her teeth, and climbs even
text: higher. Agonizing, but she does it. Rue watching...
dialog: 76.
scene_heading: EXT. PINE - BRANCH #3 - CONTINUING
text: She reaches the sky-high branch supporting the NEST, able now
text: to hear the low, throaty BUZZ eminating from it.
text: The branch is thin. She takes the knife from her teeth and
text: Makes_a quiet cut on it. Gingerly. Silently. Then another.
dialog: Now we get it; she wants to saw this branch off. Might take
text: HOURS at this pace, but if she goes any faster or makes any
dialog: noise she'll awaken the nest... and the Careers.
text: So she continues - slowly, methodically - with Rue watching
text: from below. One patient cut after another. We CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PINE - BASE - CONTINUING
text: Peeta is awake, but he can't hear or see her from here.
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: Just want you to know - when we get
dialog: her... She's mine.
text: Reveal Cato, also awake. He nods, happy to oblige...
scene_heading: EXT. PINE - BRANCH #3 - MORNING
text: Dawn. SUPER: "Day Three." Katniss hasn't slept. The branch is
text: nearly sawed off. She looks down to Rue, "Ready?" Rue nods.
text: 95 feet down, the Careers sleep... until:
text: Movement: Cato, beginning to awaken. Katniss is out of time.
text: So she starts SAWING. Fast. Desperate. The branch starts to
text: crack. The BUZZING in the nest grows louder. Cato looks up:
speaker_heading: CATO
dialog: Hey!
text: Katniss saws, fast as she can. The knife slips from her
text: sweaty hands. She grabs at it, just barely catches it.
text: ++.as the first TRACKER-JACKER angrily pops from the nest.
text: It's BIG, with a golden-torso. Flying right at us. It lands
text: on Katniss's knee. A STABBING PAIN as it stings her.
text: Another flies at her - stings her in the neck. More PAIN. She
text: blocks it out, keeps sawing - arm pumping, getting woozy.
text: Rue hops to a distant branch like a lemur. Below, the other
text: Careers are awakening - Cato yelling, "Get up!" Katniss saws,
text: desperate to get through the last sinews of the wood...
dialog: 77.
text: Then it's done. We hear a SNAP. Cato runs away, as the whole
text: branch plummets toward the ground...
dialog: 
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH/EXT. BASE OF THE TREE - CONTINUING
text: The nest hits Earth and EXPLODES OPEN, TRACKER-JACKERS
text: bursting out, enraged. That fast, they are a deadly swarm,
text: stinging anything that moves. Peeta gets to his feet.
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: To the lake! To the lake!
text: The sound is awful - buzzing mixed with screams. The Careers
text: run blindly, chased by the swarm, each stung repeatedly as
text: they flee. Peeta too, legs pumping...
text: But Glimmer and the Girl from 4 are caught in their sleeping
text: bags, quickly enveloped in a CLOUD OF WASPS. Overwhelmed.
text: The Girl from 4, half-insane now, runs into a tree, staggers,
text: disappears behind a rock. Glimmer shrieks, tries to swat the
text: wasps with that bow, taking dozens of stings; then she falls.
text: Her body begins to spasm, twitching madly. Then, death. The
text: Tracker-Jackers depart. And an odd SILENCE returns...
text: Katniss is alone, (Rue nowhere in sight). She pulls the
text: stingers from her knee and neck, then descends the tree...
scene_heading: EXT. BASE OF THE TREE - MOMENTS LATER
text: She reaches the ground, bearing her backpack. Already, WELTS
text: are growing from the stings. Her calf still searing...
text: She approaches the body of Glimmer, warily. It's barely human
text: now - face distorted out of proportion. And still breathing.
text: The tip of that BOW peeks out from beneath her.
text: Katniss reaches under the faintly-breathing body to extract
text: the bow. Glimmer's eyes flicker. Katniss avoids them, grabs
text: the bow. Then the TEN ARROWS...
text: They're still clutched in Glimmer's fist. Katniss tries to
text: pry the fingers away. Glimmer holds tight - fighting, even
text: now. Her face a balloon, blood and GREEN OOZE everywhere.
text: Katniss hears a CANNON, sees a HOVERCRAFT descending not far
dialog: from here to get the Girl from 4. Soon, the craft will be
dialog: coming for Glimmer - so this has to be done:
text: She grabs a rock and SMASHES IT DOWN on Glimmer's hand. The
text: fingers release their grip. Katniss grabs the arrows.
dialog: 78.
text: Then, a shock: Peeta racing toward us, through branches. He's
text: carrying a SPEAR, his body covered in WELTS.
text: Katniss tries to stand. Can barely do it. Lifts her bow, but:
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: Why're you still here?!
text: Huh? Katniss is at a loss. Maybe hallucinating...
speaker_heading: PEETA (CONT'D)
dialog: Go! Now! They're right behind me!
text: Sure enough, we hear the SOUND OF THE CAREERS, coming this
dialog: way. Katniss studies Peeta - he came back here to save me???
dialog: 
text: Glimmer tries to yell. Peeta puts that spear into her chest.
speaker_heading: PEETA (CONT'D)
dialog: (at Katniss)
dialog: Run.
text: Urgency in his eyes. Katniss turns... and runs.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - MOVING - CONTINUING
text: Katniss, running blindly, fleeing. She hears another CANNON.
text: Up ahead is a POOL. She gets there, drops her backpack, dives
dialog: an - still clutching that bow and arrows...
text: A moment later, bow drawn, she surfaces - ready to fire.
text: But no one's coming. The woods are still, until they start to
text: move in a hallucinogenic way, swaying. Suddenly, ANTS appear
text: out of thin air, floating toward her. IMAGES, wobbling:
text: Her FATHER collapsing in a COAL MINE. Limbs falling off
text: Katniss's body in the Town Square. Prim collecting them in a
text: cart alongside berries she's gathered.
text: Then those ANTS bore into our eyes, and Katniss passes out.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - POOL - NIGHT
text: She awakens where she fell, beside the pool, surprised to
text: find that she's been COVERED by her sleeping bag. She blinks.
text: A familiar face looks down at her from a branch above. Rue.
text: She's smiling. Katniss smiles too.
dialog: 
dialog: 79.
scene_heading: EXT. TREE - BRANCH #4 - NIGHT
text: Katniss and Rue share a branch twenty feet up. Rue pulls some
text: LEAVES from a fanny-pack. Starts chewing them.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: How many are still alive?
text: Rue answers, but her mouth is full of leaves so it's garbled.
speaker_heading: KATNISS (CONT'D)
dialog: Huh?
text: Rue spits out the leaves, chewed now into a PASTE...
speaker_heading: RUE
dialog: Ten. Including us. Let me see your
dialog: neck.
text: Katniss turns. Rue applies the wet paste to the Tracker-
text: Jacker welt on Katniss's neck. Instant relief.
speaker_heading: RUE (CONT'D)
dialog: You were smart to pull the stingers
dialog: out. If ya don't, you die.
text: Rue puts the paste on Katniss's knee. More relief.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: RUE
dialog: There are Tracker-Jacker nests all
dialog: over my District, so we always take
dialog: these leaves with us when we work in
dialog: the orchards.
text: Rue now notices the horrible burn on Katniss's leg.
speaker_heading: RUE (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh. I don't have anything for that.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: I'll be okay. Are you hungry?
text: Rue nods. Katniss reaches in her bag, pulls out the RABBIT
text: she'd half-finished. Hands it to Rue - whose eyes go wide.
speaker_heading: RUE
dialog: For me?
text: Katniss nods. Rue tentatively accepts the rabbit... Takes a
text: bite. Katniss watches her affectionately.
dialog: 
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: RUE (CONT'D)
dialog: I never had a whole leg before.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: I thought people from Eleven always
dialog: had plenty to eat, since you grow
dialog: everything there.
speaker_heading: RUE
dialog: Oh, we're not allowed to eat the
dialog: crops. They're for the Capitol. If
dialog: you're caught you get whipped.
dialog: Sometimes worse.
text: That lands. Rue spots the SUNGLASSES in Katniss's backpack:
speaker_heading: RUE (CONT'D)
dialog: Can I try?
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Those? They're useless. Can't see
dialog: anything through ‘em.
speaker_heading: RUE
dialog: They're for night.
dialog: (that threw Katniss)
dialog: Night-vision. We use 'em in the
text: orchards after sundown.
text: Katniss pauses, chagrinned. Then pulls out the glasses, slips
text: them on. Sure enough: NIGHT-VISION. Green, but clear...
speaker_heading: RUE (CONT'D)
dialog: The Careers have 'em too. They have
dialog: all the stuff from the Cornucopia. In
text: a camp by the lake.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: How many of them?
speaker_heading: RUE
text: Cato, Clove, Marvel - and the Boy
text: from 3, he guards the supplies.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: What about the Boy from my District?
dialog: Peeta? Was he with them?
text: Rue shakes her head. Katniss nods, pleased. Rue sags a bit.
speaker_heading: KATNISS (CONT'D)
dialog: Don't be afraid, Rue. We can beat
dialog: these guys.
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: @ RUE
dialog: s How? You can't run on that.
text: She looks to that seared calf. Katniss tightens, irritated.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: It‘s fine.
dialog: (Rue's unconvinced)
dialog: They don't know how to be hungry like
dialog: we do. They don't know how to forage.
speaker_heading: RUE
dialog: They don't have to. They have
dialog: everything.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: We're gonna fix that tomorrow - and
dialog: take all their stuff. After that,
dialog: they're ours.
speaker_heading: RUE
dialog: And then what?
text: That one hovers, unanswered. Katniss is silent.
scene_heading: @ INT. GAMES CENTER - SENECA'S QUARTERS - NIGHT
text: Seneca is alone, looking down from his SPACIOUS SUITE at the
text: Games Center below. Then, oddly:
speaker_heading: SENECA
dialog: Hello, Haymitch. Are you lost?
text: Reveal Haymitch, on the other side of a glass door. Seneca
text: crosses to the door - but doesn't open it, leaving Haymitch
text: in the hall, a spotless ELEVATOR LOBBY behind him.
speaker_heading: HAYMITCH
dialog: Let me help her, Seneca. That leg is
dialog: getting worse.
dialog: (Seneca's silent)
dialog: People like her. She's good theatre.
speaker_heading: SENECA
dialog: Thanks for the insight.
text: That fast, the elevator opens, and TWO PEACEKEEPERS emerge.
speaker_heading: SENECA (CONT'D)
dialog: Great to see you, as always.
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: e HAYMITCH
dialog: She deserves better, damn it! People
dialog: are starting to see that!
speaker_heading: SENECA
dialog: Go, before the Capitol gets itself
text: another Avox.
text: Peacekeepers grab Haymitch, yanking him into the elevator as:
speaker_heading: HAYMITCH
dialog: If you're gonna put on a circus, at
dialog: least make it a good one...
text: That lands. The doors close. Irritated, Seneca moves to a
text: desk, hits a button - messaging the Games Center below.
text: Betto looks up. No one else can hear them: *
speaker_heading: BETTO (THRU HEADSET) *
dialog: Sir?
speaker_heading: SENECA (INTO COMM-UNIT)
dialog: Where are we on the muttations?
speaker_heading: BETTO *
dialog: At last count, ten of them had been
dialog: successfully modified, Sir.
speaker_heading: SENECA
dialog: I didn't ask where we are on ten of
dialog: them. I asked where we are on all of
dialog: them.
text: He pounds a button, ending the communication...
scene_heading: EXT. TREE - BRANCH #4 - RESUMING (NIGHT)
text: Katniss and Rue share the sleeping bag. Stillness.
speaker_heading: RUE
dialog: I like your pin.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Oh. My father loved mockingjays.
speaker_heading: RUE
dialog: Me too. Sometimes I sing, and they
text: spread it around the whole orchard.
dialog: They carry messages for me.
text: ° She sings four lovely notes, like a bird. Katniss smiles...
dialog: 83.
text: ++.until we hear a SOUND above them - FLUP! - followed by...
text: A tiny silver PARACHUTE, descending from on high - bearing a
text: BOX. It lands right on Katniss's lap. She looks to Rue.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Could be for you.
speaker_heading: RUE
dialog: I don't think so. Open it.
text: Katniss does. Inside, a JAR - of BURN BALM! Katniss yelps:
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Thank you, Haymitch!
scene_heading: INT. GAMES CENTER - HAYMITCH'S QUARTERS - SAME
text: Haymitch almost allows himself a moment of pride...
scene_heading: EXT. RUE'S CLEARING - MORNING
text: SUPER: "Day Four." Katniss's calf, remarkably, has almost
text: fully healed overnight. She and Rue pack carefully.
speaker_heading: RUE
dialog: The Boy from 3 will be standing
text: guard. He's not very big, but he's
dialog: always armed.
text: (Katniss nods, unafraid)
dialog: What'1ll you do with the food?
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Burn it. Dump it in the lake. Eat it!
dialog: (Rue giggles)
dialog: Don't worry. I'll think of something.
dialog: Destroying things is a lot easier
dialog: than making them. You remember where
dialog: the fires go?
dialog: (Rue nods)
dialog: We'll meet by our tree, where the
dialog: nest was. Take the sleeping bag - in
dialog: case I can't get back by night.
speaker_heading: RUE
dialog: Okay. You know the whistle?
dialog: (Katniss nods)
dialog: If you hear the mockingjays sing it,
dialog: it means I'm okay, only I can't get
dialog: back yet.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: I'll see you at dinner. Dress casual.
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: RUE
dialog: You be careful.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: You too, little duck.
text: A surprising HUG. Then they take off in opposite directions.
scene_heading: EXT. THICKET - BY THE LAKE - DAY
text: Katniss emerges from behind brush - scouting, listening for
text: unseen threats, her bow taut and ready. There's her target:
text: Four Careers, camped 100 yards from the Cornucopia...
text: Cato, Clove, Marvel - surly and covered in welts - and the
text: BOY FROM 3. Their SUPPLIES are stacked in a PYRAMID: crates,
text: plastic bins, a burlap sack, all covered by mesh netting.
text: Katniss takes it in, eyes darting... then:
speaker_heading: CATO
dialog: Look!
text: He's pointing at something. The others turn...
text: SMOKE, rising in the distance. Katniss grins, as:
scene_heading: EXT. GLEN - SAME
text: Rue fans FLAMES in a fire, sending smoke. Then she runs off.
scene_heading: EXT. CAREERS' CAMP - RESUMING
text: The Careers arm themselves quickly. Cato in charge:
speaker_heading: CATO
dialog: Everything rigged?
speaker_heading: BOY FROM 3
dialog: We're rigged.
text: The Boy From 3 arms himself as well. Then the four of them
dialog: set out in pursuit of that smoke...
text: Silence - a long beat - Katniss waiting to be absolutely
dialog: certain they're out of range... Takes a first step.
text: Then she STOPS, abruptly. Just heard something: a rustling.
text: ..-as another Tribute emerges from nowhere, approaching the
text: pyramid. It's FoxFace, the Girl from 5. Katniss watching now:
dialog: 85.
text: FoxFace nears the Pyramid, doing an odd little HOP from one
text: spot to the next as if avoiding something. Then she's there.
text: She swipes some crackers from a crate at the Pyramid's base,
text: and APPLES from the burlap sack, stuffed into her backpack.
text: Then she hops away like a sprite, just as daintily as before
dialog: avoiding certain spots... as if they were mined...
text: Then she's gone. Katniss watches her vanish again, impressed
text: then studies the Pyramid -- that BURLAP SACK, hanging by a
text: rope. It has apples inside. She approaches quietly.
text: Fifty yards away now, her position slightly exposed. She
text: grabs THREE ARROWS. Then, with blinding speed...
text: Three STRIKES, in mere seconds. The first rips a hole in the
text: burlap sack. The second widens it. The third severs the rope
text: by which the bag was hanging. Now, apples _ spill out...
text: And when they hit the ground... BOOM! LANDMINES - EXPLODING.
text: The blast blows Katniss backward, DISINTEGRATING the Pyramid
text: of supplies. She's mid-air, as:
text: MORE EXPLOSIONS rock the forest. BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! Dizzying,
text: thunderous. A shower of debris. Katniss lands hard on her
text: back. The air splitting around her.
text: But suddenly, she can't hear it. Blood pours from her left
text: ear, SOUNDS wobbling disorientingly. She tries to get to her
text: feet, but her balance is off. She staggers. MORE EXPLOSIONS.
text: Shell-shock, feeding panic. She knows she has to run, but...
text: A FLASH, in the corner of her eye. She turns... The Careers
text: are coming back! She drags herself away, hides...
text: ...as the Careers return to see the damage. Cato's rage is
text: instant: he grabs the Boy from 3, snaps his neck...
text: Dead, just like that. The boy slumps to the Earth. A CANNON
text: goes off in the distance, but Katniss can hardly hear it.
text: The Careers are arguing, trying to calm Cato down... then
text: they set off in different directions, heavily armed, livid.
text: Katniss can't move. The world is wobbling. But she rises...
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - MINUTES LATER (DAY)
text: Katniss stumbles - battered, bleeding, nearly deaf...
dialog: 86.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - RUE'S CLEARING - DAY
text: Katniss taps the side of her head to make her ear function:
text: No luck. She pours some water over it, washing blood away - a
text: WHOOSHING sound that distorts things even further.
text: Then, overhead, TWO MOCKINGJAYS land on a branch, eyeing her
text: strangely. They emit a SONG - a few notes - with an urgency
text: to it. A warning maybe. But Katniss can't hear it. Then:
text: She spots SMALL FOOTPRINTS in the ground - Rue's - just as a
text: SOUND pierces her deafness, horribly:
text: A scream. From a child. Rue. God no. Katniss calls out:
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Rue?
text: No reply. She starts running, while drawing her bow...
speaker_heading: KATNISS (CONT'D)
dialog: RUE? CAN YOU HEAR ME?
speaker_heading: RUE (0.S.)
dialog: Katniss!
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: I'm coming, Rue! Hang on!
text: Racing, through the leaves of a low-hanging branch, to see:
text: Rue, on the ground, entangled in a net. And Marvel, five feet
text: away, spear in hand, about to let it fly.
text: He does so - just as Katniss fires an arrow at him.
text: The two weapons pass one another in mid-air...
text: Marvel is hit, in the throat. He drops instantly. But Katniss
dialog: can't celebrate...
text: «»-because Rue's body is now curled around the spear. No...
speaker_heading: KATNISS (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh no... Oh no... Rue...
dialog: (head on a swivel)
dialog: Are there more? Are there more?
text: Rue shakes her head. Katniss pushes Marvel's body aside,
text: kneels down, takes Rue's hand. A CANNON BLASTS.
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: RUE
dialog: Did you blow up their food?
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Every bit of it. Just stay still.
text: The spear is buried in Rue's belly. She can barely breathe.
text: Katniss cuts the netting away.
speaker_heading: RUE
dialog: You're gonna win. You have to.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Stay still.
text: Rue tightens, her hands spasming. Katniss holds on tighter.
speaker_heading: RUE
dialog: Don't go, okay? Until...
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: I'm right here.
text: Katniss moves in closer, trying NOT to look at the blood...
text: But Rue's going to die. They both know it. Their eyes meet.
speaker_heading: RUE
dialog: Will you sing to me?
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Sure. What do you--
text: Rue shrugs; it doesn't matter. Katniss nods, opens her mouth.
text: But no sounds come out. Her throat's too tight with tears.
text: She gathers herself - just has to. Then she begins:
speaker_heading: KATNISS (CONT'D)
dialog: Deep in the Meadow/Under a willow/
dialog: A bed of grass/A soft green pillow/
dialog: Lay down your head/Close your sleepy
dialog: eyes/When they open again/The Sun
dialog: will rise...
text: Rue lets her eyes close. Katniss keeps singing:
speaker_heading: KATNISS (CONT'D)
dialog: Here it's safe/Here it's warm/
dialog: Daisies guard you from every harm/
dialog: Dreams are sweet/They all come true/
dialog: Here is the place where I--
dialog: 88.
text: -.-.when she's interrupted, by a CANNON BLAST. God, no...
text: She looks down. Rue is dead. Katniss just stares...
speaker_heading: KATNISS (CONT'D)
dialog: -.-love you.
text: Silence. Then those MOCKINGJAYS trill sadly. Katniss presses
text: her lips to Rue's temple, releases Rue's tiny hand.
text: Then she looks up, wanting those unseen cameras above to see
text: her rage. It's hard to miss. She rises...
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - MOMENTS LATER
text: Katniss marches along, bereft but resolved, searching for
text: something... Then she sees it: a bank of wildflowers.
scene_heading: EXT. RUE'S CLEARING - MOMENTS LATER
text: Katniss decorates Rue's body with flowers, one stem at a
text: time. Covering Rue's wound, wreathing her head, weaving
text: petals through Rue's hair. A sad, loving farewell.
text: +..until all we can see of Rue is her tiny face. Then Katniss
text: tenderly affixes that mockingjay pin on to Rue's clothes.
scene_heading: EXT. DISTRICT 12 - TOWN SQUARE - DUSK
text: People from Katniss's District watch, weeping, as:
text: Katniss stands, almost at attention - and gives Rue that
text: SILENT SALUTE we've seen twice now: three fingers to the
text: lips. While a mockingjay softly trills Rue's melody...
speaker_heading: KATNISS (ON TV)
dialog: ‘Bye, Rue.
dialog: (through tears...)
dialog: You're safe now. Good and safe...
text: Then the people in this Square, unseen by Katniss, return the
text: gesture. Fingers to lips, the silent salute, as:
scene_heading: EXT. DISTRICT 11 - TOWN SQUARE - DUSK
text: Rue's home-town. Rural. THOUSANDS of FARMERS watch, bereft.
text: They too return the SILENT SALUTE to Katniss.
text: But a few clusters of people are smoldering. TEENS. We can
text: feel them drifting away from the Town Square...
dialog: *
dialog: 89.
scene_heading: EXT. RUE'S CLEARING - LATER DAY
text: Katniss quietly collects the items from Rue's backpack: *
text: sleeping bag, water skin, extra socks, slingshot, some food.
text: And, from Marvel's backpack: knives, spearheads, flashlight,
text: leather pouch, med-kit, full water bottle, dried fruit.
scene_heading: EXT. ARENA — CREEK - DUSK
text: Katniss wanders, her guard down, too sad to be afraid. Then
text: she stumbles onto something that makes her feel even worse:
text: Rue's_ signal fire, still smoking. Katniss sags, lost. She
text: hears two GROOSLINGS on a branch above...
scene_heading: EXT. ARENA - CREEK ~ MINUTES LATER (EARLY EVENING)
text: The Grooslings cook. Smoke wafts up. Katniss doesn't care.
text: Then another SILVER PARACHUTE drifts down, landing at her
text: feet. She opens the box... to find a LOAF OF BREAD inside.
dialog: «»ewith a note: "From the People of District 11."
text: Katniss can barely react at first. Too touched. She breathes
text: out a sad smile, then looks up to the sky:
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: My thanks to the people of District
dialog: Eleven.
text: She leaves this clearing behind - as we RETURN TO:
scene_heading: EXT. DISTRICT 11 - TOWN SQUARE - RESUMING (NIGHT)
text: The people of Rue's District watch in silence... Until: *
text: CRASH! The window of a GOVERNMENT BUILDING just got shattered *
text: by a thrown TRASH CAN. Every head turns. *
text: CRASH! CRASH! Two more windows shatter on the other side of *
text: the Square. Three spontaneous acts of dissent, right on top *
text: of one another. Three different groups. Then a fourth. CRASH! *
text: PEACEKEEPERS start after them now. But the THOUSANDS of *
text: FARMERS gathered here suddenly fan out, "accidentally" *
text: getting in the way of the Peacekeepers. *
text: So the Window-Shatterers can disperse and scatter, protected, *
text: as the Square expands with humanity. It's a first blow... *
dialog: 90.
scene_heading: INT. GAMES CENTER - SAME
text: Seneca, monitoring the incident live, turns to Betto.
speaker_heading: SENECA
dialog: Assemble the Gamesmakers. My office
dialog: in five minutes...
scene_heading: EXT. TREE - BRANCH #4 - NIGHT
text: She's in her sleeping bag on a branch, alone. Up in the sky,
text: the faces of the District 3 Boy, and Marvel... and Rue.
text: Then the ever-present Capitol Seal... and the Anthem. We STAY
text: WITH KATNISS as it plays. Rage hardening her face... until:
speaker_heading: TEMPLESMITH (0.S., OVERHEAD)
dialog: Attention all Tributes!
text: Templesmith. His voice booming out of thin air. Katniss goes
text: still. Even the river hushes...
speaker_heading: TEMPLESMITH (0.S., CONT'D)
dialog: The Gamesmakers have instituted a
dialog: rule change. From this point forward,
dialog: if two Tributes from the same
dialog: District are the last to survive,
dialog: both will be declared victors of The
dialog: Hunger Games! Good Luck! And may the
dialog: odds be ever in your favor!
text: And just like that, the voice is gone. Katniss blurts out,
dialog: without even meaning to:
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Peeta!
scene_heading: INT. CAPITOL - AVOX BARRACKS - SAME (NIGHT)
text: Gale lies on a bunk - in the musty, stale air of the AVOX
text: BARRACKS - 5,000 silenced souls around him. An everpresent TV
dialog: just showed him Katniss, saying that name: Peeta...
text: Gale swallows a reaction... as TINY FEET rumble past: A TEN
text: YEAR-OLD BOY, chasing a GIRL through these barracks.
text: The boy has fashioned a fake BOW-AND-ARROW from a stick and
text: two knotted shoelaces, pretending to shoot at his quarry.
text: Gale watches, touched. Saddened too. Then a HUGE NOISE, as:
text: The barrack doors burst open. FIVE PEACEKEEPERS, shouting:
dialog: 
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: PEACEKEEPERS
dialog: Head count! Everybody up and in line!
text: The Avoxes leap from their bunks, alarmed. Gale freezes...
scene_heading: LEAD PEACEKEEPER
dialog: Move! Move! Everybody up!
text: Lavinia looks to Gale, "It's okay." But she's scared too, *
text: clearly. The Avoxes scramble into lines before their bunks,
text: standing at attention. Gale follows their example.
text: +.. aS that Lead Peacekeeper looks down a long row of them.
speaker_heading: LEAD PEACEKEEPER (CONT'D)
dialog: We've had a report of an unauthorized
dialog: inmate in these barracks. Anyone
dialog: found harboring him will be punished!
dialog: 
text: Gale's eyes just went wide. Lavinia's too. Oh no... *
speaker_heading: LEAD PEACEKEEPER (CONT'D)
dialog: Sergeant!
scene_heading: PEACEKEEPER SERGEANT
dialog: Sir!
scene_heading: LEAD PEACEKEEPER
dialog: Open every mouth in here until you
dialog: find one with a tongue in it. *
text: That cues the PEACEKEEPERS to start down each row, swinging
text: TASER STICKS at every single Avox. Each mouth shoots open, to *
dialog: be checked. It's brutal, dehumanizing. But effective. *
dialog: And Gale knows what'll happen when the Peacekeepers reach *
text: him. Lavinia knows too. Now what? Gale tightens, awaiting the *
text: inevitable test that is rapidly coming right at him...
text: Then, a hand on his arm. He looks down. It's the Ten Year-Old
text: Boy With the Bow, gesturing, "Follow me." Gale follows.
text: Hurrying - through rows of bunks, hidden by all the
text: commotion, with the Peacekeepers not far behind, until:
text: The Boy points to the floor beneath a random bunk. Huh? The
text: Boy points again... until Gale looks beneath the bunk:
text: There's a GRATE in the floor. Oh. Gale kneels down, lifts the
text: grate. A HOLE beneath it. He climbs in, replaces the grate.
text: -..just as Peacekeepers rumble past this bunk.
dialog: 92.
scene_heading: INT. SEWER DUCT - CONTINUING
text: Gale's now in a SEWER DUCT. No idea where it leads. But he
text: starts crawling through it, hurrying away from here...
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - MORNING
text: Morning. "Day Five." Katniss has lit a big FIRE. Lots of
text: SMOKE. She leaves it behind, setting out in search of Peeta.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - STREAM - LATER DAY
text: She walks through a stream - crouched, like a hunter.
scene_heading: EXT. STREAM - SECOND LOCATION - DAY
text: Scouting, eating her bread... when she spots a canteen.
text: Empty. She keeps going. Then stops.
text: At her feet, a barely visible FOOTPRINT...
scene_heading: EXT. STREAM - THIRD LOCATION - DAY
text: She kneels down, letting some SAND sift through her fingers.
text: The sand falls into ANOTHER FOOTPRINT. She gets on her belly,
text: blows the sand away, revealing a cleaner look at the print.
text: It's pointing North. She follows...
text: Moving quietly, until she sees a RED smudge on a boulder:
text: Blood. She stops, draws her knife, eyes darting...
text: But she doesn't see anything. So she starts moving again -
text: through leaves - cautiously, delicately - trying not to make
text: a sound, wishing her hearing was working better...
text: ..-when a VOICE pokes through, completely disembodied.
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.8.)
dialog: I'm not dead.
text: Katniss freezes. The voice seemed like it came from below her
text: feet. Yet there's nothing but leaves down there...
text: Wrong. The leaves are moving. And they have a face. Peeta's.
speaker_heading: PEETA ("VOICE", CONT'D)
text: Just buried.
text: He lies on this forest floor - camouflaged beneath mud,
text: leaves, and twigs. We just caught a blink of his eye...
dialog: 
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Peeta! What're you doing down there?
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: Well, mornings I spend recovering
dialog: from the Tracker-Jackers you dropped
dialog: on my head. Afternoons and evenings I
text: spend mostly bleeding to death.
text: She kneels down, lifts his head out of the mud, pulls a water-
text: skin from her bag, puts it to his lips.
speaker_heading: PEETA (CONT'D)
dialog: This mean you heard the announcement?
dialog: (Katniss nods absently)
dialog: I guess we're on the same team now.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Could that be real? Could we really
dialog: make it out of here?
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: I'll believe it if you do.
text: He sits up, wincing in pain.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Are you hurt?
text: No reply. Then she sees it, something uneven about the
text: contour of his mud-caked leg. He shrugs, won't explain.
text: So she brushes away some of the gunk camouflaging him - until
text: it's right there, gaping at us:
text: A GASH, in his leg. Hidden by mud but deep. Very. Damn it.
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: Cato. When he found out I was trying
dialog: to help you.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: I can fix it, Peeta.
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: Oh, you've got a hospital handy?
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: My mom was a healer once, remember?
dialog: We saw all kinds of injuries from
dialog: guys in the mines - just need to get
dialog: you cleaned up so I can see how deep
dialog: it goes. Can you walk?
dialog: 94.
text: Ce She grabs his hands and yanks him to his feet. Literally.
text: He staggers, utterly unable to bear his own weight. She
text: catches him, their faces suddenly an inch apart...
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: And remember, we're madly in love. So
dialog: any time you want to kiss me, feel
dialog: free.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Thanks. Have you eaten?
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: No.
text: One soldier carrying another off the battlefield, to:
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - RIVER/RIVERBANK -— CONTINUING
text: Katniss gets him to the RIVERBANK, props him up against a
text: rock, spreads her PLASTIC SHEET on the ground beneath him.
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: > This isn't smart. You shouldn't be
text: ¢ out in the open like this.
text: She fills her water-jug in the river, returns to his side,
text: starts searching for his JACKET-ZIPPER. Dried mud hides it.
speaker_heading: PEETA (CONT'D)
dialog: Frosting. The last defense of the
dialog: dying.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Nobody's dying.
text: She unzips his jacket. Pulls it off him. Then his shirt -
text: revealing TWO BURNS, and FOUR TRACKER-JACKER WELTS.
speaker_heading: KATNISS (CONT'D)
dialog: You have underwear on, right?
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Good.
text: She undoes his belt. Awkward, for both of them - but oddly
text: @ stimulating. Unbuttons his PANTS, pulls them down.
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: KATNISS (CONT'D)
dialog: sit.
text: He sits on the plastic sheet. She slides his pants off,
text: washes them in the river - delaying the inevitable. Leaves
text: them to dry on a rock. Then returns.
text: His leg wound is still covered in mud. She takes the water-
text: jug, stands over him, hands him a thin STICK.
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: How about that kiss?
speaker_heading: KATNISS
text: It helps to bite down on something.
text: He puts the stick in his mouth. She nods, then empties the
text: jug onto his wound. He seizes with pain...
text: +.-because the gash in his leg goes down to the bone. We see
text: PUS, lots of it. Katniss recoils, then feigns calm:
speaker_heading: KATNISS (CONT'D)
dialog: Rue gave me some leaves that draw out
dialog: infection. We just have to get you
text: somewhere dry for a couple days.
dialog: (Peeta doubts it...)
dialog: And you have to eat something.
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: I tried. It just comes back up again.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: There are some dried pears in my bag.
dialog: We'll try those. Up.
text: She pulls him to his feet...
scene_heading: INT. GAMES CENTER - HAYMITCH'S QUARTERS - SAME
text: A sober Haymitch watches. On his TV, he sees PEOPLE IN THE
text: CAPITOL STREETS, cheering for Katniss and Peeta.
speaker_heading: HAYMITCH
dialog: Good. Good! More coffee, Effie?
speaker_heading: EFFIE
dialog: Please.
text: Effie's beside him. He pours her a cup...
dialog: 96.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - MINUTES LATER (DAY)
text: Katniss labors to bear Peeta's weight as they inch their way
text: through the woods. He's trying to stomach some pear slices.
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: (kidding)
dialog: Can't you go any faster?
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Shut up and eat your pears.
dialog: He enjoyed that. But every step is sheer agony on that leg.
speaker_heading: KATNISS (CONT'D)
dialog: There's a cave a little farther up
dialog: the river...
scene_heading: INT. CAVE - LATE DAY
text: A big CAVE, its mouth concealed. Katniss covers the floor
text: with pine needles, then lays out her sleeping bag. Peeta
text: looks through her backpack, assessing supplies.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: You need rest...
text: She lowers him down - which puts her face mere inches from
text: his open wound. She cringes without meaning to.
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: Sorry. I know it's--
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: It's fine. I'm just, not a big fan of
dialog: pus.
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: Ya know, for such a lethal person
dialog: you're kind of squeamish.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Your fever's still up. And we have to
dialog: get some more food in you.
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: I'm not hungry.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: It wasn't a request.
text: ..-which is when she notices the TINY CAMERA, mounted up high
text: in a back corner of the cave. Peeta notices it too.
dialog: 97.
dialog: e ...so it's hard to tell if this is performance, or sincerity: *
speaker_heading: PEETA (CONT'D)
dialog: Katniss, thanks for finding me.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Twelves have to stick together,
dialog: right?
text: She starts to rise. He grabs her hand - dead serious:
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: Listen, if I don't make it--
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Sssshhh.
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: But if I don't...
text: Before he can finish, she drops down and kisses him.
text: Her first kiss - shocking the hell out of both of them - but
text: it's just for the cameras; we're pretty sure. Then it ends.
speaker_heading: @ KATNISS
dialog: You're not going to die. I forbid it.
dialog: Okay?
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: Okay.
text: A brutal SHIVER shakes his body - that fever just racking
text: him; it literally slams his mouth shut.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Get some sleep.
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: What about you?
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: I will. In a bit.
scene_heading: INT. GAMES CENTER - HAYMITCH'S QUARTERS - SAME
text: Haymitch is up, and out the door, leaving Effie behind.
speaker_heading: HAYMITCH
dialog: Finally! Something I can use!
text: @ Effie giggles, excited. Haymitch heads off.
dialog: 
dialog: 98.
scene_heading: INT. CAVE - LATER (EVENING)
text: Another SILVER PARACHUTE lies on the cave floor, having just
text: delivered a pot of BROTH. Peeta eats from it, while Katniss
text: conceals the mouth of this cave with vines and branches.
text: Peeta studies her - looking very much like a kid with a
text: crush. She tears down the vines, dissatisfied.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Horrible.
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: Looked okay to me.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Might've fooled a deer or something -
dialog: but not Cato.
text: She starts to rebuild it again...
scene_heading: INT. CAVE - LATER (NIGHT)
text: The cave-mouth has been concealed now. Katniss eyes Peeta,
text: asleep in the sleeping bag - then climbs in beside him.
text: It's odd, being this close to him. Feeling him. She puts a
text: hand to his forehead - it's burning hot.
text: His eyes open. And here we are, inches apart. He strokes a
text: stray hair from her forehead. It seems genuine, comforting.
text: She wants it to go on, which surprises her.
text: He smiles, nothing said. She lets her eyes close...
scene_heading: EXT. DISTRICT TWELVE - TOWN SQUARE - SAME
text: The people of The Seam watch, rapt... But:
scene_heading: EXT. CAPITOL - ALLEY - SAME (NIGHT)
text: FEET, racing in panicked flight...
text: It's Gale, running. Up ahead is a RAILYARD. A block behind
text: him is a PEACEKEEPER TRANSPORT, bearing a SEARCHLIGHT. Gale
text: bounds a fence, falls into the railyard, as:
scene_heading: EXT. RAILYARD - CONTINUING
text: An UNIDENTIFIED HAND passes MONEY to a RAILYARD WORKER... who
text: throws open the DOOR of a RAILCAR.
dialog: 
dialog: 99.
text: ++-as Gale races across the railyard, jumping into that open
text: car. The Railyard Worker shuts the door, runs away... mere
text: seconds before the PEACEKEEPER SEARCHLIGHT lands on:
text: Haymitch, an empty bottle in hand, pretending to be on a
text: drunken stroll. (He just paid off the fleeing Railyard Guy).
text: Behind him is another SCREEN beaming The Games. So even now,
text: Haymitch is able to watch Katniss sleeping... as:
speaker_heading: HAYMITCH
dialog: ("slurred speech")
dialog: Evenin', Officers!
text: TWO PEACEKEEPERS lean out of the transport, annoyed.
scene_heading: ANNOYED PEACEKEEPER #1
dialog: Man, are you ever sober?
text: They drive away. Haymitch pats the door of the car, twice.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH/INT. RAILCAR - SAME
text: Gale, as grateful as he is relieved, returns the signal. The
text: train starts to pull away.
text: Haymitch watches it go as he drifts out of the railyard...
scene_heading: INT. CAVE - NOON
text: "Day Six." Katniss awakens ~ to find Peeta sitting against a
text: cave wall, holding her bow and arrow. On guard.
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: It's nice, seeing you sleep. You
dialog: don't scowl as much.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: How long was I out?
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: I don't know. It's noon.
text: He looks even sicker this morning. Feverish, shaky. Damn it.
text: She sits up - eyeing his leg. And her stomach drops.
text: His wound's gotten worse. Much worse. RED STREAKS spider
text: across the skin. Blood Poisoning. No doubt in her mind.
speaker_heading: PEETA (CONT'D)
dialog: No good, huh?
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: You'll be fine.
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: I know what blood poisoning is,
dialog: Katniss.
text: That stopped her. She studies his leg, then tells a lie:
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: We just have to outlast the others,
dialog: that's all. The doctors in the
dialog: Capitol will fix you up after we win.
text: She's about to rise, but she stops herself - following some
text: impulse she can't identify... and kisses his forehead.
text: Gently, affectionately. It surprises them both. Then it ends.
speaker_heading: KATNISS (CONT’D)
dialog: Sleep. I'll go get us some lunch.
scene_heading: INT. CAVE - LATER DAY
text: Peeta awakens, to find a SPREAD before him: roots, berries.
text: And Katniss standing guard at the mouth of the cave.
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: How do you do that? How'd you set all
dialog: that up without me hearing you?
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: I'm light-footed.
text: She just felt a twinge of guilt. Shakes it off.
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: Sleeping helped. My leg feels better.
text: Definitely on the mend.
text: A lie. She knows that. The leg looks even worse. He shrugs.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: You want me to stop worrying about
dialog: you. I won't.
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: I want you to save yourself.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Can't do that, Peeta. I owe you. *
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: No you don't.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Yeah I do. The first gift is always
dialog: the toughest to repay. Ya know?
text: That touched him. She takes his hand, as:
text: Templesmith again. Overhead. The Voice of God:
speaker_heading: TEMPLESMITH (0.S., OVERHEAD)
dialog: Attention all Tributes!
dialog: (Katniss waits...)
dialog: You've all been invited to a feast!
dialog: Come to the Cornucopia at sundown;
dialog: waiting there will be items each of
dialog: you needs desperately, in backpacks
dialog: with your District numbers on them.
dialog: Good Luck, and may the odds be ever
dialog: in your favor.
text: End of transmission. Katniss and Peeta eye one another.
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: A feast. Of course. Whenever there's
dialog: been a day or two without any deaths.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: There'll be medicine there.
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: Doesn't matter. You're not risking
dialog: your life for me.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Who said I was?
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: I know you want to.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Right. I'm gonna run into the middle
dialog: of some free-for-all against Cato and
dialog: Clove and Thresh. Give me some
dialog: credit, okay?
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: You're such a bad liar, Katniss. I
dialog: don't know how you survived this
dialog: long.
text: Anger flushes her face. She looks right through him.
dialog: 101.
dialog: 
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: You can't stop me, Peeta.
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: No. But I can crawl out of this cave
dialog: and call your name at the top of my
text: lungs until they trip over each other
dialog: on their way to kill me. And I will.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: I want you to survive all this,
dialog: Katniss.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: We can both survive. He said it. I'm
dialog: not gonna sit here and watch you di--
text: She stops just short of saying it. Die. He eyes her. She
text: tightens, frustrated... And marches out of the cave.
text: ++.just as ANOTHER SILVER PARACHUTE, bearing a BOX, gently
text: wafts down from the sky, landing at her feet. Her eyes light
dialog: up; there must be medicine in there! Hope!
scene_heading: EXT. ARENA - OUTSIDE THE CAVE - CONTINUING
text: She opens the box... There is indeed a VIAL inside. Blue
text: LIQUID. But she twists it open, sniffs it...
text: And grimaces, furious, eyeing the unseen camera above:
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Dammit, Haymitch!
scene_heading: INT. GAMES CENTER - HAYMITCH'S QUARTERS - SAME
text: Haymitch sighs heavily. Effie is beside him.
speaker_heading: EFFIE
dialog: Ignore it, Haymitch. She's lucky to
dialog: have you.
speaker_heading: HAYMITCH
dialog: No she's not...
text: Effie pats his hand. Haymitch appreciates it.
scene_heading: INT. CAVE - LATER DAY
text: The VIAL is empty now. Katniss pockets it.
text: .-.then starts feeding Peeta with a spoon - strawberries,
text: mashed into a paste. He's too delirious with fever to notice.
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: It's good. What is it?
speaker_heading: KATNISS
text: Strawberries. The Mayor's favorite.
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: Oh. They taste sweeter than--
text: Just then... a flash of recognition. And a semi-guilty look
text: in her eyes. Peeta pauses, catching on... Livid:
text: He tries to spit out the paste. Katniss covers his mouth.
text: And she waits... until his eyes start to hang droopily.
text: Then he's OUT. She lays him down gently, even mumbles "Sorry"
text: without meaning to. Then she covers him... and:
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST PLAIN - NIGHTFALL
text: Katniss peeks out from behind a tree. Nine ARROWS in her
text: quiver. NIGHT-VISION GOGGLES on. Through them we see HER POV:
text: The CORNUCOPIA, fifty yards away. Nothing moving...
text: +.-euntil she hears TWO METALLIC CLICKS. Then a patch of
text: round OPENS UP in front of e Cornucopia - something
text: emerging from below on a PLATFORM... a TABLE.
dialog: 
text: Four items on it: Two LARGE BACKPACKS marked "2" and "11". A
text: smaller backpack marked "5". And a POUCH marked "12."
dialog: There's medicine in there. Katniss knows it... But she can't
text: be the first to risk bursting from the woods to run for it.
text: She looks around. Where are the other Tributes?
text: Then, a STARTER'S PISTOL FIRES. And before Katniss can blink,
text: FoxFace emerges from inside the Cornucopia itself, swipes the
text: "#5" bag, and vanishes into the woods again. In mere seconds.
text: Katniss shakes her head, impressed. Stillness returns. No
text: movement in the trees. She steels herself.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Okay, Peeta. Here we go...
text: And she BOLTS, head up. Seen through the GREEN GLOW of her
dialog: glasses, it's a scary trek - racing for:
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - AT THE CORNUCOPIA - MOVING - NIGHT
text: Running. Table's ten yards away —- when an awful PFFFFT sound
text: slices the air. Katniss turns, gets a green-glow glimpse of:
dialog: 
dialog: 104,
text: A KNIFE, hurled by CLOVE. Katniss gets a hand up, deflects
text: the knife with her bow, turns, fires an ARROW. It hits Clove
text: in the arm - as Katniss gets to the table.
text: She slips that tiny #12-POUCH on to her wrist. Turns...
text: This KNIFE comes too quickly to evade - whizzing through the
text: air, gashing her forehead. Katniss staggers, drops to a knee.
text: Clove is running right at_us now - arm bleeding, eyes lethal.
text: A KNIFE IN EACH HAND. Katniss tries to draw back an arrow,
text: but there's no time. She's a goner. Clove, barrelling in--
text: Then, shockingly, Clove is knocked sideways, on to her back.
text: «.-by a rock the size of a volleyball, hurled from the
text: darkness. Clove quivers on the ground - disoriented, bloody.
text: Katniss is almost as confused as Clove is. Who threw that?
text: Then Thresh emerges... to re-claim the rock he just threw.
text: He stands over Clove, lifts it into the air, and brings it
text: down_on Clove's skull. Katniss watches, awed. CANNON BLAST.
text: Now Thresh comes at Katniss, stands over her. He seems huge
text: from down here, his eyes dull. And she's dazed, helpless...
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Do it fast. Okay, Thresh?
text: ..-which is when Thresh shocks Katniss - and us - by calmly
text: Placing something into her palm:
text: The mockingjay pin she'd buried with Rue. Katniss gasps.
speaker_heading: THRESH
dialog: This makes us even. Understand?
text: She nods, speechless. Thresh grabs the #11-backpack, turns.
text: .--and gets a DAGGER right in the chest.
text: +-.from Cato, who is suddenly just a foot away. The look on
text: Thresh's face is pure shock. Cato digs in deeper.
text: And here's Katniss, a witness to it all. Thresh wheezes:
speaker_heading: THRESH (CONT'D)
dialog: Go.
dialog: (Katniss staggers)
dialog: Go!
dialog: 105.
text: Katniss rises, runs, horrified - doesn't look back.
text: ...as Thresh gamely pulls Cato to the ground, trying to get
text: his hands around Cato's neck. It's a struggle between two
text: athletes in the prime of their youth.
text: But Thresh is bleeding out, and he knows it. Cato plunges the
text: dagger in deeper, the life draining from Thresh's eyes...
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - BEYOND THE CORNUCOPIA - CONTINUING
text: Katniss runs for her life - crying, forehead bleeding badly.
text: Another CANNON BLAST. Dear God. She just keeps running...
scene_heading: INT. CAVE - NIGHT
text: Katniss staggers in. Peeta's in a fever dream, mumbling. She
text: gets to his side, and opens the kit she just bled for.
text: Inside: a hypodermic needle, syringe, gauze...
text: She sticks the needle into his arm, pushes hard on the
text: plunger, then sags down to the cave-floor, unconscious.
scene_heading: INT. CAVE - MORNING
text: "Day Seven." She awakens - to a new world: Rain, thunder. Her
text: forehead bandaged. And Peeta, healthy again - by her side.
text: .--but his eyes are red. As if he'd been crying recently.
text: Katniss blinks, studying him in profile. (He doesn't know
text: she's awake.) She can see that his leg looks healthier now,
dialog: and bandaged. So why's he so upset?
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Peeta? Are you...?
text: He buttons it up quickly. Turns, faces her.
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: You can't do that, Katniss. You can't
dialog: do that to me.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Your leg looks better. Is it okay?
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: I don't give a damn about my leg! You
dialog: could've died out there!
dialog: (she's at a loss)
dialog: Do you understand? I would never let
dialog: you die for me! Why did you do that?
dialog: 
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: eo KATNISS
dialog: For me.
text: That just blurted out - and it surprised him. Her too.
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: I did it for me. Just didn't want to
dialog: be without you.
text: Again, she's realizing it just as she's saying it...
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: You didn't?
dialog: (she shakes her head)
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: I don't know! ‘Cause you're Peeta
dialog: Mellark, the Boy With the Bread.
dialog: (fumbling...)
dialog: You're the Boy With the Bread. And--
text: e Then she's silenced... by a whopper of a kiss. A real one.
text: It's soft, but urgent. And it lands, wobbling both of them.
text: When it ends, he pulls her close - whispering, so no one else
dialog: in the world can hear:
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: I didn't do that because they're
dialog: watching. I did it because I wanted
dialog: to.
text: Another kiss. Then he studies her. So do we... Something just
text: shifted. We can see it in her eyes.
speaker_heading: PEETA (CONT'D)
dialog: Since I was five. You always knew
dialog: that, right?
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: I guess maybe I did wonder now and
dialog: then how all those loaves kept
dialog: getting burned by accident.
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: e Ssshh. My mother's probably watching.
text: Katniss breathes out a smile, touches his face.
dialog: 
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: PEETA (CONT'D)
dialog: I've drawn you a million times.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: I know. I've see--
text: She stops short. He's not sure why.
text: Then, suddenly, the rain stops - as if a faucet had been
text: turned off. The skies clear in an instant, the forest floor
text: filling with sunshine. It feels jarring, ominous.
text: And Katniss knows what it means - hence her dread.
speaker_heading: KATNISS (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh no...
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: He's gonna drive us back to the lake
dialog: now. Once it gets down to the Final
dialog: Four, he always does something to get
dialog: everyone together. Can you walk?
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: Kinda. Is that where we're going?
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Not until we're stronger. Not until
dialog: we've eaten.
text: He nods. They rise, both wounded, helping each other...
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - MORNING
text: "Day Eight." They stand in what was a CREEK yesterday.
text: DRAINED NOW, bone dry, despite the recent rain. Amazing.
scene_heading: EXT. GLADE - MORNING
text: Katniss, bow in hand, walks a gentle incline of forest floor.
text: Peeta's hobbling, but trying to keep up.
dialog: 
text: Trouble is, he's making noise. TWIGS SNAP beneath his feet
text: with each step. She's trying to ignore it... but she can't:
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: You've got to move more quietly.
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: Sorry. Am I scaring the game away?
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: And telling Cato where we are, yeah.
dialog: 108.
text: ® He tries to walk lighter. No good. Katniss tightens, irked.
speaker_heading: KATNISS (CONT'D)
dialog: Can you take your boots off?
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: Here?
text: She nods. He takes another step. More crackling. Damn.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Are you trying to get us killed?
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: Maybe we should split up for a while.
dialog: (she stops, turns)
dialog: You hunt. I'll stay here and find us
dialog: some greens or something. Maybe set
dialog: the table.
dialog: Truth is, she loves that idea. But doesn't want to offend.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: It's only because your leg's hurt.
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: Give me a signal, so we can contact
dialog: each other.
text: Katniss does a TWO-NOTE WHISTLE.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: ‘kay?
dialog: (he nods)
dialog: Stay in the neighborhood - in case I
dialog: get into trouble.
text: He takes that pretty well. She hurries into the forest...
scene_heading: EXT. GLEN - LATER MORNING
text: She's looking for prey, bow at the ready.
text: ..-.but there's nothing out here. No game at all. The forest
text: is completely still. Hmmm... She gives the whistle-signal.
text: Peeta's reply echoes back. She plunges on...
scene_heading: EXT. ROCKS —- LATER MORNING
text: r ) Hunting, quietly. But once again, there's nothing out here.
dialog: No animals. No movement at all...
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Damn it, Seneca...
text: She whistles for Peeta, checking in.
text: This time, nothing comes back. She whistles again.
text: Again, nothing. She tries a third time. No reply.
text: Something's wrong. She starts to run...
scene_heading: EXT. GLADE - MOMENTS LATER
text: Katniss arrives... to find her PLASTIC SHEET splayed out like
text: a tablecloth. A pile of roots on it. And some BERRIES. Oh no.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: (instant panic)
dialog: Peeta? Peeta?!
text: There’‘s a RUSTLING in the leaves behind her. She reflexively
text: grabs her bow, turns, about to fire, when...
text: Peeta emerges from behind a bush. Katniss jerks her bow up at
text: the last second, the fired arrow narrowly missing his head.
text: He jumps back, flinging a handful of berries into the air.
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: What the hell!?
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: I whistled! You didn’t whistle back!
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: I was gathering lunch!
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: If two people agree on a signal, they
dialog: stay in range. Because if one of them
dialog: doesn’t answer, it means they’re in
dialog: trouble, all right?
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: Okay! Sorry! Put that thing ina
dialog: holster! I was just trying to help.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: (re: berries)
dialog: By picking these?
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: It's all I could find. What's--
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: They're poison, Dummy.
text: Oh. Peeta tightens, humbled. Forest silence around them.
speaker_heading: KATNISS (CONT'D)
dialog: Nightlock. Instantly fatal. Where'd
dialog: you find them?
speaker_heading: PEETA
text: Behind a tree, up-river.
text: She nods. He examines the berries on the plastic... thrown.
speaker_heading: PEETA (CONT'D)
dialog: Wait. Did you take any of them?
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: No. Why?
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: ‘Cause... I picked a lot more than--
text: Just then, a CANNON BLAST shakes the sky.
text: And a HOVERCRAFT DESCENDS - fifty yards from here, its arms
text: quickly gathering a dead body from behind a tree...
text: FoxFace - her fingers DARK BLUE from the juice of those
text: deadly berries. The hovercraft ascends...
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: I'll throw them away.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Don't. Cato'll be coming for us now. *
text: That caught Peeta. She puts them in the pouch on her belt.
scene_heading: INT. GAMES CENTER - SAME
text: Seneca, the Gamesmakers, the staff... watching, as:
speaker_heading: TEMPLESMITH (ON TV)
text: Three left now: Katniss and Peeta
text: playing a waiting game, and Cato *
text: lurking. With so little food left in
dialog: The Arena, who'll weaken first? *
speaker_heading: SENECA
dialog: Prepare the platform, Betto. *
dialog: (just decided: ) *
dialog: And sound the cannon again.
dialog: 
dialog: ill.
text: e What? Betto pauses, thinking he must've heard wrong. *
speaker_heading: BETTO *
dialog: Sir?
speaker_heading: SENECA
dialog: The cannon. Sound it.
speaker_heading: BETTO *
dialog: But... nobody else died.
speaker_heading: SENECA
dialog: Do we want them back at the lake or
dialog: don't we?
dialog: (no reply from Betto) *
dialog: Sound the cannon! And cut the audio
text: feeds on Four and Eight.
text: Betto is silent. They all are. *
speaker_heading: SENECA (CONT'D)
dialog: Have you no sense of drama at all? We *
text: are climaxing.
dialog: (again, no reply...) *
dialog: These Games end now.
scene_heading: @ EXT. FOREST - DRY CREEKBED — SAME
text: Katniss and Peeta, moving slowly. The forest is still.
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: We're gonna win, Katniss.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: If you say so.
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: (half-kidding)
dialog: We have to. The whole world wants to
dialog: see us together!
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Oh, your parents'd probably love
dialog: that. You and a girl from The Seam.
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: But if we win, you wouldn't be a girl
dialog: from The Seam. You'd be a girl from
dialog: Victor's Village - with all your
dialog: needs met for the rest of your life.
speaker_heading: @ KATNISS
dialog: And Haymitch for my only neighbor.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: What about me?
dialog: 112.
text: A laugh, then BOOM! A cannon-blast bounces off the trees.
dialog: They freeze in their tracks. Did we just imagine that? But:
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - HILLSIDE - SAME
text: A mile away, Cato freezes as well. Just heard the same thing.
text: And he sees a HOVERCRAFT descending in the distance...
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - DRY CREEKBED - RESUMING
text: Katniss and Peeta see the Hovercraft too - also in the
text: distance. It's almost too much to believe.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Does that mean Cato--
dialog: She can't finish the sentence...
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: Last night, did you see Thresh die?
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: I just saw the start of it. Then--
speaker_heading: PEETA
text: Thresh must've wounded him.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: But...
speaker_heading: PEETA
text: It's over. Cato's dead. We won.
text: Impossible. Neither can believe it. Both silent.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: We won...?
text: Peeta nods - and they both start RUNNING toward the
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - HILLSIDE - SAME
text: Cato starts running too. MATCH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GAMES CENTER - CORRIDOR - SAME
text: Footsteps. Haymitch's. Also running - right at:
dialog: lake...
dialog: 
dialog: 113.
scene_heading: INT. GAMES CENTER - MISSION CONTROL - SAME
dialog: *
text: Haymitch bursts in. Seneca turns. They all do. Betto cockily
text: inserts himself in Haymitch's path, until: *
text: A forearm shiver and a sweep kick, lightning fast... and *
text: Haymitch, reclaiming some long-lost skills, has put Betto on *
text: the floor. Silence. Seneca smiles, amused and impressed. *
speaker_heading: HAYMITCH
dialog: You son of a bitch.
speaker_heading: SENECA
dialog: You are lost, aren't you.
text: (at two PEACEKEEPERS )
dialog: Show him to the nearest bar.
text: Haymitch lunges at him. The Peacekeepers step in, as:
scene_heading: EXT. ARENA - NEARING THE LAKE - MOMENTS LATER
text: Katniss and Peeta, giddy as Hell, rumble through tall grass.
dialog: We did it! And there it is, the LAKE.
scene_heading: EXT. AT THE LAKE - CONTINUING
text: Then that fast, they come to a HALT, confused. No one's here.
text: There's the Cornucopia. There's the blown-up Pyramid. But
text: where's the celebration? Katniss just stares, thrown.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Peeta?
text: Something's off. Way off. He's silent.
speaker_heading: KATNISS (CONT'D)
dialog: Where's Claudius Templesmith? And the
dialog: Trumpets? Where're the cameras and
dialog: all the Gamesmakers?
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: I don't know.
text: A tentative step. The stillness feels deadly. Like a trap...
text: Then, suddenly, some MOCKINGJAYS START SHRIEKING. Katniss
text: whips around to locate them. The shriek repeats: a high-
text: pitched, frightened WARNING, aimed right at her.
dialog: And she knows what it means. Oh, no...
dialog: 
dialog: 114.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: He's not dead, Peeta. He's not dead!
text: The shrieking builds - deafening. Then a horrifying BLUR:
text: +..as Cato bursts out of the trees. Running right at us.
text: Sheer TERROR in his eyes, as if something were chasing him,
text: something impossibly lethal. Katniss turns...
text: And there they are -- racing at top speed -- A PACK OF THEM:
text: The WILD DOGS. “MUTTATIONS." Murderous and huge. Cato blows
text: right by us, unslowed by the Kevlar BODY ARMOR he's wearing.
text: Katniss turns, runs for her life. Peeta too - hobbling. Both
text: of them following Cato as he gets to:
scene_heading: EXT. CORNUCOPIA - CONTINUING
text: It's brass, with a sheer face ten feet tall. There are seams
text: on it to give Cato some purchase as he climbs.
text: Katniss follows at full speed, LEAPING UP, grabbing a seam,
text: climbing the wall - desperately. Adrenaline rocketing...
text: She gets there... onto its FLAT SURFACE - and she and Cato
text: square off instantly - Cato drawing a sword, Katniss her bow.
text: But, incredibly, the LEAD MUTTATION bounds that ten-foot high
text: wall in a single bound, barrelling into Cato.
text: As they battle, Katniss turns - to see Peeta, hobbling this
text: way. The PACK gaining on him fast. Her eyes go wide.
text: Peeta gets to the base of the Cornucopia, starts to climb.
text: MUTTATION #2 swipes at his legs with FOUR-INCH RAZOR CLAWS.
text: Instant blood. Instant agony. Peeta howls.
text: Katniss fires an arrow right into the throat of the beast. It
text: falls back, dead.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Climb, Peeta!
text: He's trying. But the other Muttations get to his heels, as:
text: Cato stabs the Lead Muttation. A death-blow. He shoves the
text: Muttation away. It lands at Katniss's feet.
text: She recoils, instantly. Just saw something horrifying:
text: This Muttation has human eyes. Glimmer's eyes. Good God...
dialog: 115.
speaker_heading: KATNISS (CONT'D)
dialog: (can barely say it)
dialog: Glimmer...
text: Then she's shaken out of her daze - by a very flat voice:
speaker_heading: CATO
dialog: What's it gonna be, Girl on Fire?
text: She turns... and gasps:
text: Cato has yanked Peeta to safety, sort of. He's got the guy in
text: a_ vicious HEADLOCK, Peeta's legs hovering off the edge of the
text: Cornucopia - with TWENTY HOWLING MUTTATIONS BELOW.
text: They ALL have human eyes. Tribute eyes. Eery as hell.
text: Katniss draws her bow. Aims right at Cato's head. The noise
text: from the Muttations is a disorienting din...
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Let him go, Cato.
text: Muttations baying. Peeta turning blue... Katniss can't fire
dialog: that arrow or he'll fall.
speaker_heading: CATO
dialog: Somebody's gotta lose. You know that.
text: But just then, Peeta uses his fingers to make an X on the
text: back of Cato's hand. Cato notices, but too late. The smile
text: fades from his face just as Katniss takes dead aim, and:
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: You're right.
text: She lets it fly - an arrow aimed right at Cato's hand.
text: Bullseye. Cato cries out, reflexively releasing Peeta, who
text: slams back against him. They might both go over, as:
scene_heading: EXT. DISTRICT 12 - TOWN SQUARE - DAY
text: 8,000 people. No one breathing. Prim crying from the tension.
text: Mrs. Everdeen grabs her hand. Peeta's Parents are rigid.
scene_heading: INT. GAMES CENTER - SAME
text: Every eye in Mission Control, transfixed.
scene_heading: EXT. CAPITOL - CITY CIRCLE - SAME
text: TRAFFIC stands still. PEDESTRIANS stop in the middle of an
text: INTERSECTION, watching on a huge SCREEN. Cinna among them.
dialog: 116.
scene_heading: INT. GAMES CENTER - HAYMITCH'S QUARTERS - SAME
text: Haymitch, eyes shut, just can't watch.
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. ARENA - CORNUCOPIA - RESUMING
text: Cato loses his footing on the slick surface. Katniss lunges
text: forward, grabs Peeta - as Cato falls into the beasts.
text: Instant carnage - a human being, torn apart. Cato shrieks,
text: Katniss watching in horror as the Mutts simply maul him. His
text: eyes find Katniss - a desperate, dying request: Please.
text: Out of mercy, and sportsmanship, She draws back an arrow, and
text: sends it right into his forehead. Death. A CANNON BLASTS...
text: Safety. At last. The remaining Muttations try to scale the
text: sheer wall - but none of them can do it. Peeta and Katniss
dialog: embrace... It's over. We've won.
scene_heading: EXT. CAPITOL - CITY CIRCLE DRIVE
text: JUBILATION. Citizens cheering. Cinna beaming.
scene_heading: EXT. DISTRICT 12 - TOWN SQUARE - RESUMING
text: Mrs. Everdeen gasps with relief. Peeta's Parents too.
text: But Prim can't quite celebrate yet. Sensing something off...
scene_heading: INT. GAMES CENTER - MISSION CONTROL - RESUMING
text: Seneca bears no expression at all. Just nods, coldly:
speaker_heading: SENECA
dialog: Have Claudius make the announcement.
speaker_heading: BETTO
dialog: (sick about it)
dialog: Yes sir...
scene_heading: EXT. ARENA - CORNUCOPIA - RESUMING
text: The Mutts howl harmlessly beneath Katniss and Peeta.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: I want ice cream. Every day.
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: Huh?
dialog: 117.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: In Victors' Village. I want ice cream
dialog: delivered to my house. Every day.
dialog: Until Prim can't eat it anymore.
text: Peeta laughs. They both do. He takes her hand. Then:
dialog: «+.an announcement from above:
speaker_heading: TEMPLESMITH (0.S.)
text: Greetings to the final contestants of
dialog: the 74th Hunger Games. The earlier
dialog: revision has been revoked. Closer
dialog: examination of the rule book has
dialog: revealed that only one winner may be
dialog: allowed. Good luck, and may the odds
dialog: be ever in your favor.
dialog: And that's it. End of announcement.
text: Katniss just stares. Peeta too. Neither can speak - all hope
text: suddenly vaccuumed out of their bodies.
text: The Mockingjays are silent. No sound in the world except the
text: howling of the Muttations below, which seems deadly again.
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: If you think about it, it's not that
dialog: surprising.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: No. I guess I always knew it somehow.
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: Doesn't matter. I did what I came
dialog: here to do.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: What the hell does that mean?
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: I wanted to see you survive. Now
dialog: you're going to.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: How ya figure?
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: It's just math, Katniss.
text: He stands, shakily, grabs his knife. In mild disbelief she
text: draws her bow back.
dialog: 118.
text: © ..-only to watch him toss his knife into the lake. Splash.
speaker_heading: PEETA (CONT'D)
dialog: I told you I wouldn't let these Games
dialog: change me. And they won't.
text: She's standing, bow drawn, deeply ashamed. She lowers it.
speaker_heading: PEETA (CONT'D)
dialog: No. Do it. I want you to.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: I can't. I won't.
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: Do it - before the mutts get me. I
dialog: don't wanna die like that.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Then you shoot me!
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: Katniss, you know that's impossible.
dialog: And they have to have a winner. So...
dialog: eo That sparked something in her, an idea. But he goes on:
speaker_heading: PEETA (CONT'D)
dialog: Do it. So I won't have to.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: .-.What if they don't?
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: What if they don't have a winner?
dialog: People would go crazy, wouldn't they?
dialog: (Peeta's silent)
dialog: I don't wanna die, Peeta. But I know
dialog: I can't kill you. Can you kill me?
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: So...
text: Peeta doesn't get it - until she unzips that pouch around her
text: e@ waist and extracts a couple of those berries. NIGHTLOCK. Oh.
dialog: 119.
speaker_heading: KATNISS (CONT'D)
text: They only hurt for a second. Then
dialog: it'll be over. All of this...
text: She drops a few into his palm, keeps a few for herself.
speaker_heading: KATNISS (CONT'D)
dialog: Trust me.
text: Mutual suicide, on live tv. But Peeta still hasn't agreed.
speaker_heading: KATNISS (CONT'D)
dialog: On the count of three?
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: Hold them out. I want everyone to
dialog: see.
text: Two hands, extended. The berries twinkle.
speaker_heading: PEETA (CONT'D)
dialog: Count of three.
text: He kisses her goodbye, gently. They stand back to back...
scene_heading: INT. GAMES CENTER - RESUMING
text: Seneca, blood now draining from his face. Betto gasping... *
scene_heading: EXT. DISTRICT 12 - TOWN SQUARE - DAY
text: 8,000 stunned viewers. Prim, Mrs. Everdeen. Peeta's Parents.
scene_heading: INT. JUVENAL HOTEL CASINO - SPORTS BOOK - SAME
text: Thousands of GAMBLERS, eyes wide. Numbers flying across the
dialog: electronic wager-boards...
scene_heading: EXT. CAPITOL - CITY CIRCLE - SAME
text: Cinna, and half the Capitol, breathless...
scene_heading: INT. AVOXES QUARTERS ~ SAME
dialog: Lavinia, and the Ten Year-Old Boy, and every Avox down here - *
text: watching without words. Despair on every face...
scene_heading: INT. GAMES CENTER - HAYMITCH'S QUARTERS - SAME
text: A sound. Haymitch turns: *
text: Effie just burst in. Their eyes lock, pure dread... *
dialog: 120.
scene_heading: e EXT. ARENA - CORNUCOPIA - RESUMING
text: The kiss ends. Katniss looks up...
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: ‘Bye, Prim. ‘Bye, Mom...
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: I'm not afraid. I love you, Katniss.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: ‘Bye, Peeta. One...
dialog: (steeling herself)
dialog: Two...
dialog: (Peeta nods...)
dialog: Three!
text: They shove the berries into their mouths... but --
text: TRUMPETS BLARE. And a FRANTIC VOICE booms from above:
speaker_heading: TEMPLESMITH (V.O.)
dialog: Stop! Stop! Ladies and Gentlemen, I
dialog: give you the winners of the 74th
dialog: Hunger Games! From District Twelve,
dialog: @ Katniss Everdeen and Peeta Mellark!
text: FIREWORKS ERUPT, that fast, lighting the lake. CANNONS
text: thunder. CAMERAS SUDDENLY DESCEND on Katniss and Peeta.
text: The ground beneath the Cornucopia opens up, swallowing those
text: Muttations. The Mockingjays sing. Now it's over.
text: Katniss and Peeta spit out the berries, shocked and thrilled.
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: You're not dead?!
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: I'm not dead!
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: I'm not either!
text: She throws her head back, laughing. They hug. We did it! He
text: grabs her hand, pulls her into the lake.
scene_heading: EXT. DISTRICT 12 - TOWN SQUARE - SAME
text: Katniss's NEIGHBORS - 8,000 of them - cheering, crying. Even
text: Corrina, who lost her son to The Games last year, is able to
text: @ smile now, through tears.
dialog: 
dialog: 121.
text: Mrs. Everdeen and Peeta's parents cry with relief and joy.
text: This time, Prim gives into it as well, so happy...
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - LAKE - RESUMING
text: Katniss and Peeta rinse out their mouths; then they're
text: splashing each other, hugging.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: I'm coming home, Prim! I'm coming
dialog: home!
text: Laughing, splashing - utter joy and disbelief - until:
text: WHOOSH. TWO HOVERCRAFTS suddenly appear overhead. A SPLASH
text: TEAM dives out of one, landing in front of us.
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: What're they--
text: In seconds they've got him secured to a floating gurney.
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Peeta?
text: Before Peeta can reply, SPLASH TEAM LEADER signals the
text: Hovercraft, and Peeta is whisked into the sky - gone - asa
text: SECOND SPLASH TEAM now zeroes in on Katniss. It's a blur.
text: Then she's on a GURNEY too. What is all this???
speaker_heading: KATNISS (CONT'D)
dialog: Peeta?!
text: Just like that, she's whisked up. We CUT TO:
text: ..-train wheels, flying down a track. We are:
scene_heading: INT. TRIBUTE TRAIN - DINING CAR - MOVING - DAY
text: Days later. Katniss sits in a DINING CAR. Decompressing.
text: She looks like a girl again - but sobered, changed forever.
text: Staring out a window at the bleakness outside. We MOVE IN on
text: her, as a MEMORY hits...
scene_heading: INT. CAPITOL - BROADCAST CENTER - NIGHT (FLASHBACK)
text: YESTERDAY: we watch from BACKSTAGE as Peeta is interviewed by
text: Caesar Flickerman before a packed house. Big APPLAUSE.
text: REVERSE TO: Katniss, in a simple dress, watching from behind
text: a curtain. In moments, she'll be called out to join him.
dialog: 
dialog: 122.
text: But first, Haymitch approaches her, and leans in:
speaker_heading: HAYMITCH
dialog: (quiet, out of nowhere)
dialog: Listen to me. You're in danger...
scene_heading: INT. TRIBUTE TRAIN - MOVING - RESUMING (PRESENT)
text: Katniss, reliving the moment. Then BACK TO:
scene_heading: INT. CAPITOL - BACKSTAGE - RESUMING ~- NIGHT (FLASHBACK)
text: Haymitch goes on, a quiet warning:
speaker_heading: HAYMITCH
dialog: The Capitol's furious about what you
dialog: did in the Arena. The berries. It
dialog: smacked of "rebellion."
text: More O.S. APPLAUSE from that crowd - Peeta charming them...
speaker_heading: HAYMITCH (CONT'D)
dialog: Here's what you say: you were so
dialog: Madly in love you couldn't think
dialog: straight. Understand?
dialog: (Katniss is a blank)
dialog: Understand?
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: Did you tell Peeta this?
speaker_heading: HAYMITCH
text: I didn't have to. He's already there.
text: Huh? But just then, Flickerman calls out from the stage:
speaker_heading: FLICKERMAN
dialog: How ‘bout if we hear from Katniss
dialog: herself? Would you like that, Folks?
text: HUGE CHEER from the crowd. Katniss steps on stage as:
scene_heading: INT. TRIBUTE TRAIN - MOVING - RESUMING (PRESENT)
text: Katniss, remembering... Then:
scene_heading: INT. CAPITOL - BROADCAST CENTER - STAGE - (FLASHBACK)
text: Katniss shares a red love-seat with Peeta, her head on his
text: shoulder, her feet tucked under her - opposite Flickerman.
text: -.-as she and the audience watch HIGHLIGHTS FROM THE GAMES:
dialog: 123.
text: The opening Bloodbath, the fire, the Tracker-Jackers, the
text: landmines, Rue's death, finding Peeta, those kisses... It
text: ends with a shot of Katniss and Peeta, in triumph. Then:
speaker_heading: FLICKERMAN
dialog: Katniss, we know when love first hit *
dialog: Peeta - at the tender age of five!
dialog: But during The Games we all felt we *
dialog: were watching you fall in love with
dialog: him! Is that what was happening?
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: I think so.
text: The audience LAUGHS. Katniss reddens. Peeta holds her.
speaker_heading: KATNISS (CONT'D)
dialog: I mean, at first I tried not to think
dialog: about my feelings, honestly - because
dialog: it only made things worse. But at a
dialog: certain point, everything changed.
speaker_heading: FLICKERMAN
dialog: When was that?
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: When I realized there was a chance I
dialog: could keep him.
text: Applause. Katniss sees Haymitch off-stage, looking pleased.
text: And there's Cinna, in the front row, thrilled. With Effie
text: beside him, her eyes full and wet.
dialog: 
dialog: .«-.as Flickerman goes for the drama:
speaker_heading: FLICKERMAN
dialog: But that moment where you pulled out
dialog: those berries. What was going through
dialog: your mind then?
text: Katniss flinches a bit. The CAMERAS MOVE IN CLOSER...
text: ..-as Flickerman waits... Peeta too... and Haymitch watches
dialog: from the wings... until:
speaker_heading: KATNISS
dialog: I don't know. I guess I just...
dialog: couldn't bear the thought of being
dialog: without him.
text: Perfect. Peeta takes her face tenderly, kisses her. The Crowd
text: sighs. Flickerman beams. Haymitch can breathe.
dialog: 
dialog: 124.
scene_heading: INT. TRIBUTE TRAIN - MOVING - RESUMING (PRESENT)
text: Katniss, going over every step of it again. Then:
scene_heading: INT. CAPITOL - BROADCAST CENTER - BACKSTAGE (FLASHBACK)
text: Show's over. Katniss and Peeta leave the stage to great
text: applause. Haymitch here to greet them.
speaker_heading: HAYMITCH
dialog: Great job you two. Just keep it up
dialog: until we're back home and the cameras
dialog: are off; we should be okay.
text: Then he's gone, shaking hands with Flickerman... leaving
text: Katniss alone with Peeta - who suddenly looks lost.
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: What'd he mean, "Keep it up?"
dialog: (Katniss hesitates...)
dialog: Katniss?
text: She looks away. And Peeta sags, heartbroken. END FLASHBACK.
scene_heading: INT. TRIBUTE TRAIN - MOVING - RESUMING (PRESENT)
text: Katniss sits, her face a mask again - as we REVEAL:
text: Peeta, sitting directly across from her. A frost between them
text: now. He leans forward, adjusting something:
text: His brand-new artificial leg. He slides a pant-leg over it...
text: as this train slows noiselessly. One row up, Effie rises.
speaker_heading: EFFIE
dialog: We're here.
text: Katniss nods. The train stops. An odd silence hovers... as:
scene_heading: INT. HOVERCRAFT - MOVING - DAY
text: Seneca sits, Peacekeepers on either side of him. Opposite him
text: sits PANEM PRESIDENT EVANDER SNOW. Not happy.
speaker_heading: SENECA
dialog: Mister President, it was the largest
dialog: viewership we ever had.
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT SNOW
dialog: Yes. And look what they saw.
speaker_heading: SENECA
dialog: It was good theatre, Sir.
dialog: 125.
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT SNOW
dialog: It was dissent. And you allowed it.
text: No reply. Snow nods at a PEACEKEEPER, who throws open a door.
text: Wait. We're 5,000 feet in the air - nothing below us but that
text: forest, the Cornucopia a dot in its center. Seneca gasps.
dialog: ...and looks to President Snow, desperate. No, you wouldn't.
text: But Snow is expressionless, which tells Seneca everything...
speaker_heading: SENECA
dialog: One little loaf of bread...
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT SNOW
dialog: You aren't without options, Seneca.
text: Seneca brightens... until Snow opens a small box... revealing
text: several of those same dark berries. Their purpose is clear.
text: Seneca eyes them, and sinks. The prospect sounds awful...
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT SNOW (CONT'D)
dialog: So?
text: Seneca just shakes his head. Snow nods, understanding. Then:
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT SNOW (CONT'D)
dialog: Good luck, Seneca. And may the odds
dialog: be ever in your favor.
text: With that, Seneca is hurled out the side of the hovercraft.
text: We hear his screams, the SOUND MATCHING To:
scene_heading: INT. TRIBUTE TRAIN - RESUMING
text: A CROWD CHEERS, 0.S., audible through the rear door of the
text: train. Effie eyes her two Tributes.
speaker_heading: EFFIE
dialog: I want to thank you both. It's been
dialog: an honor serving with you.
text: Katniss is silent. Peeta too. Haymitch approaches.
speaker_heading: HAYMITCH
dialog: Ready?
text: Katniss nods, overloaded. Peeta misreading it entirely.
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: Sure. Just another performance,
dialog: right? Then we're done.
dialog: 126.
speaker_heading: @ KATNISS
dialog: No. Peeta, you don't understand...
speaker_heading: PEETA
dialog: Don't I?
text: Katniss tightens - as Haymitch throws open the door...
text: .«-»-and CHEERS flood in, from a waiting crowd of THOUSANDS:
scene_heading: EXT. DISTRICT 12 - TRAIN STATION - CONTINUING
text: This station is PACKED with the CHEERING CITIZENS of District
text: 12 - roaring, as CAMERA CREWS capture it all.
text: Peeta and Katniss step on to the back platform of the train
text: like candidates doing a whistle-stop, waving.
text: Peeta's Parents are here. And Corrina - everyone crying. Mrs.
text: Everdeen and Prim too, their eyes wet, cheering.
text: Prim jumps onto the platform, tackling Katniss, crying.
text: Katniss holds on tight, desperately grateful.
text: Until she sees something familiar in the corner of her eye...
text: e Gale, anonymous amidst the crowd. Their eyes lock.
text: And there it is on her face: affection, relief, guilt, dread
dialog: all at once...
text: Peeta grabs her, kisses her. The CROWD CHEERS again - despite
text: the confusion in her eyes. The CAMERAS PUSH IN on her...
text: Gale just smiles a thin smile; Katniss has survived, that's
dialog: all that matters. We RETURN TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOVERCRAFT - MOVING - RESUMING - DAY
text: President Snow looks down at the Arena, sullied now.
scene_heading: LEAD PEACEKEEPER
dialog: Back to the Capitol, Sir?
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT SNOW
dialog: No.
dialog: (flatly)
dialog: There's a threat out there that wants
text: to be strangled it in its crib.
dialog: (resolved...)
dialog: e Take me to District Twelve.
text: The hovercraft banks hard, disappearing from our view...
dialog: 127.
scene_heading: EXT. DISTRICT 12 - TRAIN STATION - RESUMING
text: The kiss ends. Peeta waves to the crowd, no hint that he's
text: dying inside. All eyes are on Katniss. It's a lot to bear.
text: She is 16 and torn. Surrounded, but utterly alone. Home, but
dialog: more lost than ever. And her fight has just begun. We...
dialog: 
text: GO TO BLACK - over which, a SUPER: "End of Book One". Then...
text: FADE OUT...
dialog: 
dialog: 
