dialog: 
dialog: "THE SEARCHERS"
dialog: Revised Final Screenplay by
dialog: Frank Nugent
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FADE IN
text: Behind the main title and the credits:
scene_heading: EXT. PLAINS COUNTRY - CLOSE SHOT - MOVING JUST ABOVE GROUND
scene_heading: LEVEL - A STUDY OF HOOFPRINTS - LATE AFTERNOON
text: The hoofprints are deeply etched in the ground, picking their
text: way through scrubby desert growth. An occasional tumbleweed
text: drifts with the light breeze across the pattern of prints;
text: and lightly-blown soil and sand begin the work of erasing
text: them. The CAMERA FOLLOWING the hoofprints
scene_heading: RAISES SLOWLY TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PLAINS COUNTRY - LONG SHOT - LATE AFTERNOON
text: We see the rider now. BACK TO CAMERA, jogging slowly along --
text: heading down a long valley toward a still-distant ranch house
text: with its outlying barn and corrals.
scene_heading: EXT. PLAINS COUNTRY - MED. SHOT - MOVING - LATE AFTERNOON
text: The CAMERA FRAMES and MOVES with the lone horseman. He is
text: ETHAN EDWARDS, a man as hard as the country he is crossing.
text: Ethan is in his forties, with a three-day stubble of beard.
text: Dust is caked in the lines of his face and powders his
text: clothing. He wears a long Confederate overcoat, torn at one
text: pocket, patched and clumsily stitched at the elbows.
text: His trousers are a faded blue with an off-color stripe down
text: the legs where once there had been the yellow stripes of the
text: Yankee cavalry. His saddle is Mexican and across it he carries
text: a folded serape in place of the Texas poncho...
text: Rider and horse have come a long way. The CAMERA HOLDS and
text: PANS the rider past and we see another detail; strapped onto
text: his saddle roll is a sabre and scabbard with a gray silk
text: sash wrapped around it... Horse and rider pass, moving closer
text: to the ranch as a little girl and a small dog come tearing
text: around the corner of the house.
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD OF THE EDWARDS RANCH - MED. SHOT - DEBBIE -
speaker_heading: LATE AFTERNOON
text: She is staring wide-eyed at the distant horseman o.s.
text: Her little dog has seen him too and is barking excitedly.
text: DEBBIE quickly reaches to grab the dog by the scruff of the
text: neck, crouching over him. Debbie is 11 years old with a
text: piquant, memorable face.
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - CLOSE SHOT - DEBBIE
dialog: Here we must establish and dramatize what it is about her
dialog: face that is memorable, so that if we were to see her again
dialog: five or six years later, we would know it is she -- perhaps
text: the eye color or the slant of eyebrow, or a trick of
text: scratching bridge of nose with crooked forefinger.
scene_heading: EXT. THE EDWARDS HOUSE - MED. SHOT - AARON - LATE AFTERNOON
text: The ranch house is of adobe, solidly built, with a sod and
text: cross-timbered roof, deep windows. A small gallery or porch
text: extends across the front. AARON EDWARDS comes through the
text: door, attracted by the dog's barking -- and then he, too,
text: sees the approaching horseman and comes farther out -- curious
text: but not at all apprehensive. Aaron is a lean, weathered and
text: tired man, with a down-swept mustache; a gentler-looking man
text: than Ethan and possibly a few years older.
text: As he squints off, studying the rider, his older daughter,
text: LUCY, comes out to stand behind him. Lucy is from 16 to 18 --
text: a pleasant, feminine girl. She is carrying a mixing bowl
text: with some sort of batter in it, which she now completely
text: forgets to whip in her interest in the approaching stranger.
text: In the next instant MARTHA EDWARDS follows the daughter onto
text: the porch. Martha is a still-lovely woman, although the years
text: have etched fine wrinkles about her eyes and mouth, and work
dialog: has worn and coarsened her hands. Those hands will never be
text: idle when Martha is on scene... And now, while she shares
text: the family's interest in the approaching horseman, she
text: automatically notes that Lucy has forgotten her task -- and
text: she takes the mixing bowl from her and stirs the batter.
scene_heading: EXT. YARD OF THE EDWARDS HOUSE - FULL SHOT - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Along the side of the house comes BEN EDWARDS, 14, with a
text: man-sized armload of chunkwood clutched to his chest. He,
text: too, has spotted the stranger and is all attention. So much
text: so that he trips, but recovers his footing. He pauses to
text: dump the wood into a woodbox by the door -- his eyes always
text: riveted on the oncoming rider -- and then he moves toward
text: the others, biting a splinter out of a finger. Beyond Ben,
text: MARTIN PAULEY emerges from the barn and crosses the open
text: ground heading toward CAMERA. Martin is somewhat under 20, a
text: lithe, perfectly coordinated male animal, with Indian-straight
text: hair and a white man's eyes. He is carrying bridle or other
text: horse-gear. He looks to the family on the porch -- to see if
text: they recognize the stranger -- then out again. He continues,
text: followed by Ben, toward where
text: Debbie crouches over her dog.
scene_heading: EXT. PLAINS COUNTRY - LONG SHOT - ETHAN - LATE AFTERNOON
text: As he rides downslope toward the house.
text: THE CREDITS END.
scene_heading: EXT. THE EDWARDS RANCH - MED. CLOSE SHOT - MARTHA, LUCY, AND
scene_heading: AARON - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Suddenly, Martha's eyes widen as she -- even before Aaron --
text: recognizes the distant rider. Her hand goes to her mouth to
text: check the name that trembles on her lips... An instant later
text: Aaron, too, identifies the oncoming horseman.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: Ethan?
text: He looks at her, frowning, then slowly steps out onto the
text: hard ground. Martha hands the bowl back to Lucy and follows
dialog: Aaron.
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD OF THE EDWARDS HOUSE - FULL SHOT - THE GROUP
text: as Ethan rides in and sits his horse, looking down at them.
text: There is a noticeable constraint on all of them. Finally:
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Hello, Aaron...
text: His eyes shift to Martha and hold. Ethan is, and always has
text: been, in love with his brother's wife and she with him.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Martha...
speaker_heading: MARTHA
dialog: (a bit shakily)
dialog: Hello, Ethan.
text: Ethan slowly, stiffly swings out of the saddle. Aaron and
text: Martha exchange quick glances... troubled, puzzled. Aaron
text: pastes on an uncertain smile as Ethan comes around his horse
text: toward their side.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: How's California?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: How should I know?
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: But Mose Harper said...
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: That old goat still creakin'
dialog: around?... Whyn't someone bury him?
text: He goes to his saddle pack, begins unlacing it. Ben and Debbie
text: have inched closer -- half-shy, half-curious.
text: Debbie's dog begins sniffing at his heels. Ethan looks down
text: at them - not unfriendly, just a man not used to children.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Ben, ain't you?
text: Ben nods.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (frowning at Debbie)
dialog: Lucy, you ain't much bigger than
dialog: when I saw you last.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: I'm Deborah!
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: She's Lucy.
text: Ethan looks in the direction of the pointing finger.
scene_heading: EXT. YARD - ANOTHER ANGLE
text: as Lucy steps down from the porch and approaches.
speaker_heading: MARTHA
dialog: Lucy's going on seventeen now...
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: An' she's got a beau! Kisses him,
dialog: too!
speaker_heading: MARTHA
dialog: That's enough... Go on inside and
dialog: help Lucy set the table... You, too,
dialog: Deborah!
scene_heading: EXT. YARD - FULL SHOT - ANOTHER ANGLE
text: as Martin -- with slightly averted face -- crosses to take
text: the bridle of Ethan's horse and lead him away.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (wheeling on him)
speaker_heading: MOMENTO!
text: Martin checks his stride, stares in surprise.
speaker_heading: MARTHA
dialog: (contritely)
dialog: Martin!... Here we've been standing...
dialog: Ethan, you haven't forgotten Martin?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Oh... Mistook you for a half-breed.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (levelly)
dialog: Not quite... Quarter Cherokee. The
dialog: rest is Welsh... So they tell me.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: You've done a lot of growin'...
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: It was Ethan found you squallin' in
dialog: a sage clump after your folks was
dialog: massacred...
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (bluntly)
dialog: It just happened to be me... No need
dialog: to make any more of it...
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I'll take care of your horse for
dialog: you, Uncle Ethan.
text: Again, he starts to lead away.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Hold on!
text: Martin stops again.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: I'll take this...
text: He completes unlacing the pack and takes it -- treating it
text: as though it contained something of value. Martin watches
text: with a touch of resentment: Ethan doesn't trust him.
text: Ethan turns and sees the look. He doesn't care what Martin
text: thinks, nor does he explain. Martin leads the horse off.
speaker_heading: MARTHA
dialog: Supper'll be ready by the time you
dialog: wash up... Let me take your coat for
dialog: you, Ethan.
text: He hesitates, then grudgingly surrenders it -- conscious of
dialog: its sorry condition.
speaker_heading: MARTHA
dialog: (smiling faintly)
dialog: And... welcome home.
text: He just nods, then turns to follow Aaron around the side of
text: the house toward the wash-up.
scene_heading: EXT. THE EDWARDS HOUSE - CLOSE SHOT - MARTHA
text: She stands alone, looking after Ethan -- his coat in her
text: arms. She holds it against her breast for just a moment and
text: her eyes are tender.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. EDWARDS HOUSE - FULL SHOT - NIGHT
text: The family is finishing dinner -- and the scene is not quite,
text: but almost, a still-life. Loud in the room is the pendulum
text: tick of a Seth-Thomas clock on the mantel above the fireplace --
text: in which logs are burning briskly. Ben crouches near the
text: fireplace, fascinatedly examining the scabbard and sabre
text: Ethan has brought home from the wars.
text: He tries to ease the blade just a bit out of its scabbard.
text: Aaron sits at one end of the hand-hewn table, Martha at the
text: other. At her right is Ethan, his fork scraping the last
text: crumb off his plate. Lucy sits at her father's right and
text: Martin at his left. Next to Martin is Debbie. In the center
text: of the table is the sorry remnant of what was once a meal.
text: Lucy and Martin have finished eating. Aaron is sipping his
text: coffee, and Martha -- her own plate largely untasted -- is
dialog: watching Ethan.
text: Ethan has shaved, changed his shirt. He straightens
text: contentedly and every eye is on him, expectantly.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Good.
text: The clock rattles alarmingly -- the usual preliminary to its
text: striking; and then it bangs out the strokes like a fire-alarm
text: gong. Eight fast clangs.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Ben! Deborah! Bed!
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: But I've got to help with the dishes.
speaker_heading: MARTHA
dialog: Not tonight... Ben, put that sword
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: It's not a sword, ma... it's a saber!
dialog: (moving to Ethan)
dialog: Did you kill many damYankees with
dialog: this sabre, Uncle Ethan?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (matter-of-factly)
dialog: Some...
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: How many damYankees, Uncle Ethan?
speaker_heading: MARTHA
dialog: Ben!... Martin, he'll sleep in the
dialog: bunkhouse with you tonight.
text: Martin nods and crosses to kiss Martha good night.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Good night, Aunt Martha... Uncle
dialog: Aaron...
dialog: (he hesitates)
dialog: Good night, Uncle Ethan.
dialog: Ethan doesn't like being called Uncle -- as we must know
text: from the quick look he shoots at Martin. But he acknowledges
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Night.
text: Ben reluctantly puts the scabbard away, turns to Ethan.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Will you tell me tomorrow about the
dialog: war?
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: The war ended three years ago, boy!
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: It did?... Then whyn't you come home
dialog: before now?
speaker_heading: MARTHA
dialog: BEN!... Go 'long with Martin. MARCH!
text: As Ben reluctantly heads out with Martin, Deborah crosses to
text: Ethan's side and studies him gravely.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: Lucy's wearing the gold locket you
dialog: gave her when she was a little girl...
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Oh?
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: She don't wear it much account of it
text: makes her neck green.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: (aghast)
dialog: Deborah!
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: (defensively)
dialog: Well, it does... But I wouldn't care
dialog: if you gave me a gold locket if it
dialog: made my neck green or not.
text: Ethan looks at her gravely.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: 'Fraid I...
dialog: (then he remembers
dialog: something, rises)
dialog: Wait.
text: He crosses to where his pack is -- a side table or something --
text: and burrows into it. Debbie is at his side.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: How about this?
dialog: It is a gold medal or medallion -- something appropriate to
text: Maximilian of Mexico -- suspended by a long multi-colored
text: satin ribbon.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: Oh! LOOK! My gold locket!
text: She holds it high for mother -- and all -- to see. Martha
text: takes it and reacts at its weight.
speaker_heading: MARTHA
dialog: It's solid gold... Ethan, I don't
dialog: think she's old enough...
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Let her keep it... Just something I
dialog: picked up in Mexico.
text: Martha reluctantly surrenders it to Debbie's eager hand.
text: Aaron hasn't missed the word "Mexico" and looks sharply at
dialog: Ethan.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: Oh, thank you, Uncle Ethan...
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: (to Debbie)
dialog: Come along...
text: The two girls leave the main room. Martha and Aaron both
text: look at Ethan -- half expecting some further explanation.
text: He turns from them and looks into the fire. Martha begins to
text: clear the table. Aaron gets up, takes a pipe and a spill --
text: lights it at the fire.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Passed the Todd place comin' in...
dialog: What happened to 'em?
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: They gave up... went back to the
dialog: cotton rows... So'd the Jamisons...
dialog: Without Martha, I don't know... She
dialog: wouldn't let a man quit.
text: Ethan turns and looks at her -- still busy with her dishes.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: (change of tone)
dialog: Ethan, I could see it in you before
dialog: the war...
dialog: (Ethan looks at him)
dialog: You wanted to clear out!
text: Martha freezes in what she's doing -- listening.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: And you stayed out beyond all need
dialog: to... WHY?
text: Ethan can't answer, but he takes it as a challenge and almost
dialog: welcomes it.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (hard)
dialog: You askin' me to clear out now?
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: (straightening --
dialog: with grave dignity)
dialog: You're my brother... You're welcome
dialog: to stay as long as you got a mind
dialog: to... Ain't that so, Martha?
speaker_heading: MARTHA
dialog: (almost a whisper)
dialog: Of course he is.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: I expect to pay my own way...
text: Martha resumes her activity. Ethan crosses to his pack,
text: reaches into it for a leather pouch, brings it back and tosses
text: it onto the table. It lands with a resonant clink.
text: Both Martha and Aaron draw close to the table.
text: (NOTE TO WINTON HOCH: This scene should be dramatically back-
dialog: lighted.)
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: There's sixty double eagles in
dialog: there... twelve-hundred dollars.
text: He opens a waistline shirt button and hauls out a leather
text: money belt and drops that on the table.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: An' twice that in here.
text: He reaches into the belt and takes out a few mint-fresh gold
text: pieces which he slides across the table.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: ...only these got the late Emperor
dialog: Maximilian's picture on 'em.
text: Martha picks up one of the gold pieces, staring at the face
text: on the coin: the same as that on the medal -- staring sharply
text: then at Ethan. Aaron is examining another coin with a
dialog: different interest.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Mint fresh... not a mark on 'em.
text: He glances questioningly at Ethan.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: So?
text: Aaron shrugs and crosses to a barrel chair. He raises the
text: seat and lifts out a pair of old boots, some rags of clothing
text: and then raises a false-bottom lid and drops pouch and money
text: belt into it. Carefully he replaces everything. During this
text: Ethan's attention has gone to Martha's hand, to one cut
text: finger, its wound barely healed. He takes the hand -- gently.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Cut yourself?
text: She nods and withdraws the hand.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (softly)
dialog: You were always hurting about your
dialog: hands.
text: She looks quickly at him and self-consciously tries to hide
text: her hands, conscious of their work-worn appearance.
text: Then for a moment their eyes meet and hold -- and a world of
text: sadness and hopelessness is in the look.
text: Aaron closes the seat of the barrel chair.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Time for bed...
text: He picks up one of the lamps and starts away toward their
text: bedroom door. Martha looks at Ethan again. His expression is
dialog: bitter.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Night, Ethan... Come 'long, Martha.
text: She turns obediently and follows Aaron. Ethan looks after
text: them and waits as Aaron opens the bedroom door. Martha goes
text: into it and Aaron follows and closes the door.
text: Ethan crosses to the lamp on the mantel, blows it out.
text: Only the firelight strikes his face as he stares broodingly
text: at the closed bedroom door.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. YARD OF THE EDWARDS' HOUSE - FAINT DAWN LIGHT
text: Debbie's dog is barking excitedly as six horsemen slowly
text: ride toward the house and dismount. A lamp goes on inside.
scene_heading: THE SIX HORSEMEN ARE:
text: CAPTAIN, THE REVEREND SAM CLAYTON, a big man with frosty
text: blue eyes, graying hair, a bristly full mustache and the air
text: of grave and resolute authority. He is a minister of the
text: Gospel with a .44 on his hip.
text: LARS JORGENSEN, the Edwards' neighbor, is a harried little
dialog: man, Scandinavian. As we shall find out soon, he has a brisk
text: and buxom wife and a rather astonishing brood of children.
text: BRAD JORGENSEN is one of these: sandy-haired, brash, amiable,
text: impulsive. He is in his early twenties.
text: CHARLIE MacCORRY, slightly older than Brad, is Sergeant of
text: Company A of the Rangers. (He is also Company A.) Charlie is
text: a taciturn, gently-spoken, competent man, clearly patterned
dialog: by his association with Captain, the Rev. Sam.
text: MOSE HARPER is an old scout -- a walking bone-rack, yet
dialog: capable of tireless feats of endurance. Some think him
text: "tetched" yet he has managed to endure to his age during a
dialog: time and in a region where few men lived to see their
text: grandchildren. He wears a ragged dark overcoat in all weather,
text: a narrow-brimmed hat with a feather in its band.
text: ED NESBY is a rancher and homesteader in his mid-thirties;
dialog: resolute, honest, self-effacing; nothing picturesque or
text: dramatic about him; just a solid citizen and a realist.
dialog: 16-A
scene_heading: INT. EDWARDS' HOME - CLOSE SHOT - MARTHA
text: She is at the window of her bedroom, wrapper clutched with
text: one hand, lamp upraised in the other as she stares into the
text: dawn to see who these callers are. We hear the heavy foot-
text: falls of the approaching men, then a loud knock thrice
text: repeated -- an ominous sound.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
dialog: 17-A
scene_heading: INT. THE EDWARDS' - ANGLE AT DOOR
speaker_heading: SAM'S VOICE
dialog: Aaron! Open up!... Sam Clayton!
text: The door is opened by Aaron -- holding a lamp and a gun. He
text: is only partly dressed -- pants, boots, undershirt. The bar
text: of light slashes across the faces of Sam and some of the men
text: behind him.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Reverend... Come in!
scene_heading: INT. THE EDWARDS' HOUSE - FULL SHOT
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Sorry to get you out of bed so
dialog: early...
dialog: (as Martha enters,
dialog: tightening her wrapper)
dialog: Mornin', Sister Edwards.
speaker_heading: MARTHA
dialog: What is it, Reverend?
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Lars Jorgensen claims someone bust
dialog: into his corral last night and run
dialog: off his best cows...
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: You mean those pure breds he just
dialog: bought?
text: Jorgensen enters -- an angry little man -- closely followed
text: by Mose Harper, who is grinning foolishly.
speaker_heading: JORGENSEN
dialog: Next time I raise pigs, by golly!
dialog: You never hear of anyone running off
dialog: pigs, I bet you.
speaker_heading: MOSE
dialog: Injuns has 'em... Caddoes or Kiowas...
dialog: Kiowas or Caddoes.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: (irritably)
dialog: Caddoes!
text: Mose spots Martha and at once whips off his hat and makes
text: her an exaggerated cavalier's bow.
speaker_heading: MOSE
dialog: Respects to a charmin' lady, ma'am.
dialog: ...Respects, respects...
text: Ed Nesby enters.
speaker_heading: NESBY
dialog: Mornin'...
speaker_heading: MARTHA
dialog: Coffee's made if you...
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Coffee'd be fine, sister...
text: She heads for the stove.
speaker_heading: MOSE
text: (an old man's whimper)
dialog: My bones is cold...
text: His eyes brighten as he looks toward the fire and spots a
text: rocking chair. He shuffles toward it, plants himself and
text: begins rocking and half-crooning to himself.
speaker_heading: JORGENSEN
dialog: Or bumble bees, by golly... I show
dialog: them dirty rustlers!
speaker_heading: MOSE
dialog: (crooning)
dialog: Lookit me, old Mose Harper, rockin'
dialog: in a rockin' chair... I'm a-goin' to
dialog: set 'n rock, 'n rock, 'n rock, 'n
dialog: rock...
text: The front door opens to admit Martin, fully dressed and armed,
dialog: with Charlie MacCorry.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Over here, Martin... Aaron...
text: Martin ranges himself next to Aaron and both face Clayton.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Raise your right hands.
text: Martha sets out cups on the table, begins pouring the coffee.
text: During the swearing-in, Ethan will enter the room from the
text: inner door -- unnoticed by the other men, but not by Martha.
text: And as the scene plays, the audience must always be conscious
text: of the by-play of glances between Martha and Ethan as they
dialog: face the prospect of being left in this house together.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: You are hereby volunteer privates in
dialog: Company A of the Texas Rangers and
dialog: will faithfully discharge the duties
dialog: of same without recompense or monetary
dialog: compensation -- meaning no pay!...
dialog: Amen and get your shirt on, will
dialog: you, Aaron.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: (stubbornly)
dialog: Ain't goin' volunteerin' after
dialog: rustlers without my morning coffee,
dialog: Reverend... Drink your own!
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: (sternly -- as he
dialog: reaches for his cup)
dialog: From now on, call me 'Captain'!
text: But Ethan advances and calmly appropriates the cup Clayton
dialog: is reaching for...
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (mockingly)
dialog: Captain the Reverend Samuel Johnson
dialog: Clayton!... Mighty impressive.
text: Clayton marks his surprise.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: (dourly)
dialog: Well... the prodigal brother...
dialog: When'd you get back?
text: Ethan sips his coffee and doesn't answer.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Haven't seen you since the surrender.
dialog: (a pause)
dialog: Come to think of it, I didn't see
dialog: you at the surrender.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: I don't believe in surrenderin'... I
dialog: still got my sabre, Reverend... never
dialog: turned it into any ploughshare
dialog: neither!
speaker_heading: JORGENSEN
dialog: Is no time for kaffee-klatch while a
text: man's beef is been run off.
speaker_heading: MOSE
dialog: Injuns, Ethan...
dialog: (taps his nose)
dialog: Caddoes or Kiowas... Mose Harper,
text: drinkin' coffee in a rockin' chair.
dialog: ...ay-eh!
text: Martha has left the room briefly to fetch Aaron's shirt and
text: vest and stands behind him. Aaron drains his cup.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Ethan, countin' on you to look after
dialog: things while I'm gone.
text: Ethan -- cup to his lips -- looks over its rim at Martha as
text: Aaron starts to put on his shirt. Their eyes meet briefly,
text: then she looks away. Ethan sloshes the dregs of his cup into
text: the fire -- some of it spattering Mose.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: You ain't goin'...
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: He sure is goin'... He's sworn in.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: Well, swear him out again!... I'll
dialog: go with you.
text: Martha stands submissively, with her head bent, eyes averted
text: as Ethan crosses the room to get his coat, guns, etc. Aaron
text: follows him.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Now, Ethan, I ain't sure...
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Don't argue!... And stay close...
dialog: Maybe they're rustlers... and maybe
dialog: this dodderin' old idiot ain't so
dialog: far wrong...
speaker_heading: MOSE
dialog: Thankin' ye, Ethan... thankin' ye.
dialog: Kind words...
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: (grudgingly)
dialog: All right... I'll swear you in...
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: You can forget that...
dialog: (as Sam stares)
dialog: Wouldn't be legal anyway.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Why?
dialog: (a pause -- then
dialog: shrewdly)
dialog: You wanted for a crime, Ethan?
text: Martha waits -- intent.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: You askin' as a Reverend or a Captain,
dialog: Sam?
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: I'm askin' as a Ranger of the
dialog: sovereign state of Texas.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Got a warrant?
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: You fit a lot of descriptions.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (levelly)
dialog: I figger a man's only good for one
dialog: oath at a time... I took mine to the
dialog: Confederate States of America...
dialog: (he pauses -- then)
dialog: So did you, Reverend...
text: He looks past him then -- at Martha and then at Aaron.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Stick close, Aaron...
text: He looks at Martha again... and then strides out.
scene_heading: EXT. THE EDWARDS' HOUSE -- DAWN LIGHT
text: As Ethan emerges he is brought to a momentary halt by sight
text: of a couple -- Brad and Lucy -- in each other's arms, standing
text: near the saddled horses of the posse. Clayton and Jorgensen
text: following him out, spot the couple, who now belatedly are
text: conscious of their audience.
speaker_heading: JORGENSEN
dialog: Brad!... Is no time for lolly-
dialog: gagging...
text: In confusion, Lucy runs back around the side of the house as
text: Brad -- unrepentant -- grins at his irascible old man and
text: heads for his waiting horse. Clayton chuckles and turns toward
text: Martha, who has followed them out.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Looks like I'll be reading the lines
dialog: over that pair before long, sister
dialog: Edwards.
speaker_heading: JORGENSEN
dialog: Is no time for talking weddings...
dialog: Better say prayers for those dirty
text: thieves, by golly... running off a
dialog: man's beef...
text: Mose, last to emerge, bows elaborately to Martha.
speaker_heading: MOSE
dialog: Grateful to the hospitality of yore
dialog: rockin' chair, ma'am...
text: The men are mounting. Mose nimbly vaults onto the back of
text: his horse -- which he rides bareback, with only a blanket
dialog: pad.
speaker_heading: AND
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. THE EDWARDS' HOUSE -- DAWN LIGHT
text: as Ethan and Martin ride to join the group.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Let's get on with it...
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: WAIT!
text: She comes flying out of the house in her long flannel nightie
text: and runs to Martin.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: Martin! Ride me as far as the well!
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Grab hold!...
text: He swings her up in front of his saddle. They start away.
text: Ethan is last to ride out. He is watching Martha. He brings
text: a gloved hand up in a salute. She starts to raise her hand
text: but only brings it just above her waist, a fluttering gesture
text: with tremulous fingers. It is the last he will ever see of
text: her alive.
scene_heading: EXT. YARD OF THE EDWARDS' HOUSE - FULL SHOT
text: as the posse slowly rides out, with Ethan last. Martin reins
text: in to let Debbie slip to the ground. Ethan passes her.
text: Debbie stands watching the men ride away, waving at them.
speaker_heading: AARON'S VOICE
dialog: (calling)
speaker_heading: DEBORAH!
text: She turns and comes running back -- CAMERA PANNING -- to the
text: little group on the porch; Ben in the door; Lucy crossing
text: the porch; Aaron and Martha at the steps.
scene_heading: SLOW DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. OPEN COUNTRY - FULL SHOT - POSSE - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Ethan and Mose are advancing at a steady walk, both men
text: leaning slightly out of their saddles to study the terrain --
text: the trail they are following. Out to one side -- fifty yards
text: distant -- is the main body of the posse: Sam, Jorgensen,
text: Charlie, Ed, moving roughly parallel to Ethan but at a faster
text: clip. Martin comes riding in toward Ethan from behind CAMERA.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (calling)
dialog: Uncle Ethan!
text: Ethan reins in -- compressing his lips at the "Uncle."
text: Mose waits.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Somethin' mighty fishy about this
dialog: trail, Uncle Ethan...
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Stop callin' me 'uncle'... I ain't
dialog: your uncle.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Don't have to call me 'sir' neither...
dialog: Nor grampaw neither... Nor Methuselah
dialog: neither... I can whup you to a
text: frazzle.
text: Mose lets out a snickering laugh.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: What you want me to call you?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Name's Ethan... Now what's so mighty
dialog: fishy about this trail?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Well, fust off...
text: He breaks and all turn at a distant hail from Jorgensen.
speaker_heading: JORGENSEN
dialog: Look! Look!
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. OPEN COUNTRY - LONG SHOT - RISE OF GROUND - BRAD
text: He is holding his rifle with both hands straight over his
text: head -- and he repeats the signal until he sees they have
dialog: seen him.
speaker_heading: JORGENSEN'S VOICE
dialog: (excitedly)
dialog: Brad! He's found them... Come on!
scene_heading: EXT. OPEN COUNTRY - FULL SHOT - THE POSSE WITH BRAD IN
speaker_heading: THE DISTANCE
text: as Jorgensen digs spurs and leads the way. The other riders
dialog: follow.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - BRAD - RISING GROUND - LATE AFTERNOON
text: He waits grimly until he sees them coming, then wheels his
text: mount and takes off over the hill.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - THE POSSE
text: as it comes up the rise and the men rein in on the crest.
text: Jorgensen stares and his face mirrors shock and dismay.
text: The other men look down into the long valley on the far side
text: with equally grim expressions.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Call that young fool back!
text: Jorgensen doesn't even seem to hear him. Angrily Ethan whips
text: out revolver and fires into the air. Then he swings his arm
text: in a come-back gesture. He rides out ahead then a short
text: distance and dismounts... and slowly the others follow.
text: We see now, the bodies of a few bulls stiffening in the sun.
text: Ethan goes to the nearest one. A feathered lance is driven
text: into it. He pulls the lance out. Mose comes over beside him.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: Caddo or Kiowa, huh?... Ain't but
dialog: one tribe uses a lance like that!
text: He hands the lance to Mose.
speaker_heading: MOSE
dialog: (almost a whisper)
dialog: Ay-he... Comanch!
text: Brad rides in -- shrill with anger.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Killed every one -- an' not for food
dialog: either... Why'd they do a thing like
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Stealing the cattle was just to pull
dialog: us out... This here's a murder raid...
dialog: (facing Jorgensen)
text: It shapes up to scald out either
dialog: your place... or my brother's.
text: Jorgensen wilts and casts an anguished look back over the
dialog: miles they have ridden.
speaker_heading: JORGENSEN
dialog: Mama!... Oh please... please no...
speaker_heading: BRAD!
text: And with that one word, Jorgensen calls upon his son to follow
text: and they take off... fast. Ed Nesby and Charlie MacCorry
text: follow. Sam Clayton pauses.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Jorgensen's place is closest... If
dialog: they're not there, we'll come straight
dialog: on!
text: Then he too rides. Martin swings his horse back to where
text: Ethan and Mose still are standing.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Well, come on!
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Easy!
text: (he starts toward his
dialog: horse)
dialog: It's forty miles, sonny... Horses
dialog: can do with some grain and a little
dialog: rest.
speaker_heading: MOSE
text: Comanch generally hits at moonrise.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Moonrise!... It'll be midnight
dialog: before... I ain't waitin'...!
text: He wheels his horse and goes tearing to catch up with the
text: others. Ethan shrugs and stoically takes grain bag to feed
text: his horse. Mose does the same.
speaker_heading: MOSE
dialog: Wisht it was Caddoes... or Kiowas...
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: Comanche...
text: Ethan just gives him an angry look and then ruthlessly begins
text: discarding every bit of unnecessary equipment from his saddle.
speaker_heading: WIPE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE EDWARDS RANCH - WIDE ANGLE - SUNDOWN
text: Nothing moves. Nothing could be more tranquil. The shadows
text: are long. A thin wisp of smoke rises from the chimney. And
text: then Debbie's little dog trots around the side of the house
text: out into the yard.
scene_heading: EXT. EDWARDS YARD - CLOSE SHOT - THE DOG - SUNDOWN
text: He comes to a standstill and his nose is working. He begins
text: to make excited little sounds deep in his belly.
text: Then he lies down, muzzle between his paws, watching,
dialog: listening.
scene_heading: INT. THE EDWARDS HOUSE - FULL SHOT - ANGLING TOWARD
speaker_heading: THE DOOR
text: Debbie sits on the floor, playing with a little rag doll.
text: The slanting blaze of the setting sun makes a brilliant area
text: of light in which she is sitting. Beyond her, on the porch
text: steps, Ben is squatting, whittling a piece of pine into a
text: slingshot frame. We hear Martha and Lucy busy with the dishes.
text: Aaron comes from behind CAMERA and stands in the doorway,
text: absently rapping out his pipe. Near the doorway, on a wooden
text: peg, hangs his gun, belt. He puts the pipe in his pocket and
text: glances down at Deborah, intent on her play. He looks swiftly
text: at where the women are busy - then stealthily eases the gun
text: from its holster and slides it under his shirt. He hasn't
text: made a sound and is sure he's got away with it.
text: He clears his throat noisily and reaches for a light shotgun
text: pegged above the door.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Think I'll see if I can pick off a
dialog: sage-hen or two, Martha...
scene_heading: INT. THE EDWARDS HOUSE - MED. CLOSE SHOT - MARTHA AND LUCY
text: busy at the wooden sink. Martha doesn't turn.
speaker_heading: MARTHA
dialog: You do that, Aaron...
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: (still pleased with
dialog: himself)
dialog: Won't go far...
text: He steps out. Only then does Martha turn -- and her
dialog: EYES GO AT ONCE TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE EDWARDS HOUSE - ANGLING TO DOOR
text: and FRAMING the empty holster, as Aaron pauses on the porch.
speaker_heading: LUCY'S VOICE
dialog: My, the days are getting shorter!
scene_heading: INT. EDWARDS HOUSE - CLOSE SHOT - MARTHA AND LUCY
text: as Lucy heads for the lamp.
speaker_heading: MARTHA
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: Lucy!... We don't need the lamp yet...
text: Lucy frowns at her mother.
speaker_heading: MARTHA
dialog: (easily)
dialog: Let's enjoy the dusk a while.
scene_heading: EXT. THE EDWARDS HOUSE - MED. CLOSE SHOT - AARON AND BEN -
speaker_heading: ON PORCH
text: Aaron is slowly scanning the terrain.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: (to Ben)
dialog: Mind you sweep up them shavin's.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Yes, Pa...
dialog: (undertone -- man to
dialog: man)
dialog: An' if you see any sage-hens, I'm
dialog: ready.
text: Aaron stares as the boy shifts a fold of blanket, or whatever,
text: by his side -- to disclose Ethan's cavalry sabre. Aaron smiles
text: and rubs the youngster's head, then sets out across the yard.
scene_heading: EXT. THE EDWARDS YARD - FULL SHOT - MOVING
text: Debbie's dog rises at Aaron's approach and joins his master
text: as they set out across the plain.
scene_heading: EXT. OPEN COUNTRY NEAR EDWARDS HOME - MED. CLOSE SHOT -
speaker_heading: AARON
text: He is walking through the scrub and brush grass, every sense
text: alive and straining. He pauses every three or four strides --
text: casting each quadrant in turn. Once he whips, gun ready, as
text: a sage-hen or quail whirrs up not far from him. He smiles
text: grimly as he watches it fly away. He keeps on.
scene_heading: EXT. THE EDWARDS HOUSE - MED. CLOSE SHOT - AT PORCH
text: Martha comes to stand in the doorway. Ben doesn't look at
text: her. His eyes -- like hers -- are fixed on the figure of the
dialog: man.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: It's all right, ma... I been
dialog: watchin'... Only I wish...
speaker_heading: MARTHA
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: What, Ben?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I wish Uncle Ethan was here. Don't
dialog: you, ma?
text: She doesn't answer. Lucy comes to the door.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Mother, I can't see what I'm doing!...
speaker_heading: MARTHA
dialog: NOT YET, LUCY!...
scene_heading: EXT. RISING GROUND - WIDE ANGLE - PAST AARON
text: He stands on the near slope of a rise and then gradually
text: moves toward its summit, so that only head will be
text: silhouetted. He drops to one knee, half-leaning against the
text: slope and slowly looks out... The CAMERA PANS very slowly,
text: following his careful sweep of the terrain.
text: The scene is entirely peaceful.
scene_heading: EXT. RISING GROUND - CLOSE SHOT - AARON
text: with narrowed eyes slowly scanning the ground. Suddenly the
text: head whips right. We hear a bird's sharp call.
scene_heading: EXT. OPEN COUNTRY - SKYWARD SHOT - A SMALL BIRD
text: It is taking flight, sweeping away in erratic arcs.
scene_heading: EXT. RISING GROUND - CLOSE SHOT ON AARON
text: He squints closely at the ground from which the bird had
text: flown. Then slowly his eyes range toward the left.
scene_heading: EXT. RISING GROUND - WIDE ANGLE - PAST AARON
text: Across the meadow, a shadow seems to touch the grass and at
text: once a covey of quail takes off, whirring loud. Aaron waits
text: no longer, but slides down the slope and starts running at a
text: crouch for the house, stopping every so often to look
dialog: backward.
scene_heading: EXT. THE EDWARDS HOUSE - MED. CLOSE SHOT - MARTHA AND BEN -
speaker_heading: SUNSET
dialog: NOTE TO W. HOCH: What J.F. has in mind for this and the
text: following scenes is the same kind of dramatic use of red you
text: achieved in "Yellow Ribbon" in the scene telling of Custer's
dialog: defeat.
text: They are standing in the ruddy glare of the sunset and Ben
text: has Ethan's sabre in his hand. We hear Aaron coming at a
text: run, breathing hard. Ben takes a step as though to go to
text: him, but Martha's hand at once is on his shoulder. Aaron
text: gains the porch.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: In the house, boy... and...
text: He puts finger to his lips, sign for Ben to say nothing.
text: Ben nods and goes inside. Aaron and Martha face each other,
text: the question large on her face. Slowly he nods the
text: confirmation of her fears, then gently propels her ahead of
text: him through the door.
scene_heading: INT. THE EDWARDS HOUSE - FULL SHOT - SUNSET
text: The room is deeply shadowed except where the dull crimson of
text: the sun through door and windows slashes the blackness.
text: Ben is waiting and Martha turns toward Aaron as he pulls the
text: door shut, bars it and sets the shotgun down. He takes the
text: revolver from his waist and Martha holds it as he reaches
text: for his gun belt.
speaker_heading: AARON
text: Ben, close the shutters.
text: Buckling on his gun belt, he moves toward the middle of the
text: room, looking around him, taking inventory of his resources.
text: Lucy slowly approaches, biting a knuckle, eyes wide with
dialog: fright.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Pa?
text: One shutter closes and the bar of light they were standing
text: in goes out. Martha, Aaron and Lucy are dark silhouettes now
text: against the red beam from another window.
speaker_heading: MARTHA
dialog: (sudden fear)
dialog: Where's Deborah?...
dialog: (calling it)
speaker_heading: DEBORAH!
text: Debbie emerges from a shadowed corner into a beam of light.
text: She is clutching her rag doll, nibbling a cookie. She holds
dialog: it for them to see.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: I only took one, ma... Topsy was
dialog: hungry.
text: Ben closes the shutter. And now the room is almost completely
text: blacked out, except for the dying light filtering through
text: the rifle ports of the closed shutters.
speaker_heading: WIPE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. OPEN COUNTRY - WIDE ANGLE SHOT - THE POSSE - DUSK
dialog: This should be an expansive view to convey the fact that the
text: posse has split -- the main group heading for the Jorgensen
text: place, Martin forking off to race alone for the Edwards ranch.
text: Coming toward and passing CAMERA is Martin, riding all out.
text: Several hundred yards away and moving in a divergent direction
text: are the others -- Brad and Charlie, Sam, Jorgensen and Ed
text: Nesby. The men are not compactly bunched, but strung out,
dialog: each taking his own best course and his own speed... As the
text: riders pass and the dust of their passing, we see two other
text: riders -- Ethan and Mose -- minute specks in the distance,
text: possibly a mile or two behind.
scene_heading: EXT. OPEN COUNTRY - MOVING SHOT - ETHAN AND MOSE - DUSK
dialog: (NOTE TO W. HOCH: What we are trying to get here is that
text: moment of swift transition from twilight to night; of riders
text: briefly touched with the last colors of day and then, as
text: they pass, becoming one with blue shadows of night.)
text: Ethan and Mose are holding their mounts to a jog, in marked
text: contrast to the all-out pace of the others. The CAMERA PANS
text: after them as the dark fingers of the night stretch across
text: the valley. The wind begins to rise and somewhere off in the
text: hills a coyote pack yaps.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. EDWARDS - ANGLING PAST AARON AT WINDOW INTO ROOM -
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: Aaron is little more than a shadowy silhouette as he peers
text: into the night through a partly-opened shutter. Suddenly the
text: room leaps alight as Lucy opens an inner door and enters,
text: holding a lighted lamp. Aaron closes the shutter, spins on
text: her angrily.
speaker_heading: AARON
speaker_heading: LUCY!
text: Martha crosses the room swiftly and blows out the lamp.
text: In the brief moment the room has been lighted, we see that
text: Lucy is carrying a dark shawl in one hand; that Ben is
text: crouched at another window -- rifle ready; and that Deborah
text: is on her feet -- standing like a child who is being dressed.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: I'm sorry... I couldn't find the
dialog: shawl...
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Hurry, Martha... Moon's fixin' to
dialog: rise...
text: He cautiously swings the shutters open. A pale light filters
text: into the room. We see Martha wrapping the shawl around
dialog: Deborah.
speaker_heading: MARTHA
dialog: (softly to the child)
dialog: We're going to play the sleep-out
dialog: game... Remember?... Where you hide
dialog: out with grandma?
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: Where's she buried?
speaker_heading: MARTHA
dialog: And you'll go along the ditch --
dialog: very quietly -- like a...
dialog: (her voice breaks)
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
text: Like a little mouse.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Now!
text: He reaches for the child, but he has to wait for Martha's
text: last embrace.
speaker_heading: MARTHA
dialog: There!... And you won't come back or
dialog: make a sound... no matter what you
dialog: hear? Promise!... No matter what?
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: I promise... Wait!
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Child, child!
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: Can't I have Topsy to keep me company?
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: There's no time...
speaker_heading: MARTHA
dialog: Here she is, baby... Baby...
text: Aaron takes the child, swings her out the window.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Down low -- go!
text: Martha would come to the window to look out, but Aaron bars
text: her with an arm and draws back to the side of the window to
text: watch her go... Outside the little dog barks a welcome and
text: presumably starts to follow the girl. Aaron reacts.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: (hoarse whisper)
dialog: Here dog... here!
text: The dog whines but obeys. Aaron continues watching the child's
text: course -- unconsciously imitating her every run and twist...
text: Then he smiles and we may see the brightness in the corners
text: of his eyes.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: She reached the ditch...
text: He closes the shutters and turns -- and his arms go around
text: Martha, weeping soundlessly.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: She'll be all right, mother... she'll
dialog: be all right.
scene_heading: EXT. A HILLOCK WITH TWO HEADBOARDS - MED. CLOSE SHOT -
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: Nothing stirs and we hear nothing. Then, with faintest little
text: rustle, Debbie comes snaking along the ground into the hollow
text: between the two graves and lies there face down, pressed
text: against Topsy. She becomes one with the earth and the
text: stillness. And then the moonlight strikes the tips of the
text: scrub growth and as a cloud scuds by, the moonlight reveals
text: something glittering -- like beads. And the CAMERA from that
dialog: ground-level shot
scene_heading: RAISES QUICKLY TO:
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - FROM EXTREME LOW ANGLE - SCAR
dialog: The Comanche we are later to know as SCAR is painted for war --
text: tall, savage, mockingly looking down at what we know is the
text: child's hiding place... And in that instant, from a dozen
text: quarters and a dozen throats, sounds the wild yammer of the
dialog: warwhoop!
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. RISING GROUND - MED. CLOSE SHOT - MARTIN - MOONLIGHT
text: He stands beside his spent and fallen horse. Its breathing
text: is a rasping whistle. Martin tries to haul its head up.
text: Useless. Breathing hard himself, his face ashen in the
text: moonlight, Martin looks desperately off in the direction of
text: the ranch. Then he jerks the rifle from its saddle scabbard --
text: struggling with it because it is under the horse. He freezes
text: then -- listening... And we hear the steady beat of two
text: horsemen approaching. Martin knows who they are and his face
text: is alive with hope. He gets the rifle free at last and goes
text: running toward the oncoming riders.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Ethan!... Ethan!
text: The CAMERA SWINGS with him and we see Ethan and Mose
text: approaching at the same steady gait.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (waving)
dialog: Uncle Ethan... it's me... Martin!
text: Ethan doesn't slacken, nearly rides him down.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Out of my way!
text: Martin goes sprawling to his hands and knees. Mose continues
text: without slowing.
scene_heading: EXT. RISING GROUND - ANOTHER ANGLE - PAST THE RIDERS -
speaker_heading: MOONLIGHT
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (desperately)
dialog: Mose! Wait!...
text: He goes running, stumbling after the riders -- desperately
dialog: calling to them...
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Ethan!... Mose!...
text: And then at the crest of the rising ground, he stops --
text: We see in the distance the glow of a fire leading from the
text: barns and the hayricks and the house of Aaron Edwards.
text: Martin runs down the slope.
scene_heading: EXT. YARD AND APPROACH TO EDWARDS HOUSE - WIDE ANGLE - NIGHT
text: (NOTE TO W. HOCH: Here again that use of red is suggested.)
text: The ANGLE is past the porch uprights toward Mose and Ethan
text: as they ride in. Little tongues of fire are licking the edges
text: of the uprights. A few arrows, imbedded in the wood, are
text: burning along their shafts. Beyond are the glowing ashes of
text: the hayricks and the charred, smouldering rails of the corral.
text: There are no bodies in evidence... The red glow of the burning
text: is on the faces of the men as they dismount.
text: Ethan strides to the porch, knocking away one of the blazing
text: arrows as he heads to the door. He stops there -- and what
text: he sees makes the big shoulders droop, the huge frame slump.
text: Slowly then -- and removing his hat -- he goes in. Mose
text: shuffles to the edge of the porch and squats there and rocks
text: back and forth, his face working and crying soundlessly with
text: senile grief. We hear a splintered door crash from its hinges
text: within the room and Ethan's muffled voice calling through
dialog: the house:
speaker_heading: ETHAN (O.S.)
dialog: Lucy?... Deborah? Lucy?
text: He strides back through the main room and out onto the porch
text: just as Martin comes at a shambling run across the yard.
text: Ethan takes a few steps out toward him. Martin would pass
text: him, but Ethan grabs his arm.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (harshly)
dialog: You stay out!
text: Martin tries to fight his arm free.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Nothing for you to see.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Leggo...
text: Ethan turns him and drives a brutal right to his jaw. Martin
dialog: goes down -- out cold. And only now do we understand how
text: merciful the blow was as Ethan looks compassionately at the
text: fallen figure.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Don't let him go in there, Mose...
text: And he takes off at a stumbling run for the hilltop.
scene_heading: EXT. THE HILLOCK WITH THE TWO HEADBOARDS - FULL SHOT - ETHAN
text: as he nears the graves.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (calling)
dialog: Lucy -- Lucy!
text: He runs in, looking around him. He sees the little dog, dead
text: on the ground. And then he sees a shadowed something:
text: The shawl Debbie had worn. It is spread out, almost as though
text: concealing a body. Fearfully he stoops and pulls it away...
text: There is nothing there, but the shawl. He drops to his knees,
text: his head bowed, his face tortured. The moonlight is clear on
text: the face of the nearer headboard. It is of weathered wood
text: and the chiselled letters on it read:
speaker_heading: HERE LIES
scene_heading: MARY JANE EDWARDS
scene_heading: KILLED BY COMANCHES
speaker_heading: MAY 12, 1852
dialog: a good WIFE &amp; MOTHER In her 41st year
scene_heading: SLOW DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE HILLOCK - FULL SHOT - SLOWLY PANNING - DAWN LIGHT
text: The funeral is begun. In the foreground are three newly-
dialog: made crosses at the head of as many open graves -- which we
text: need not see. With head bared, Sam Clayton is concluding his
text: prayer. Near him stand the Jorgensen family: Mrs. Jorgensen,
text: Lars and LAURIE -- blonde, just beginning to reach her
text: maturity -- and a stepping-stone of tow-headed children.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: ...and to Your keeping we commend
dialog: the souls of Aaron... Martha... and
dialog: Benjamin Edwards...
text: Mrs. Jorgensen and Laurie -- impelled by the same feminine
text: sympathy and interest -- turn to look at Ethan and Martin.
text: The PANNING CAMERA picks them up...Ethan standing dry-eyed,
text: looking at the grave of Martha; Martin -- with bruised lip --
text: looking out across the plain.
text: Clayton now opens his small, well-worn Bible to a marked
dialog: page.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Man that is born of woman is of few
dialog: days and full of trouble...
text: Ethan looks at him, angrily, impatiently.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: He cometh forth like a...
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (harshly)
dialog: Amen!... Put an 'amen' to it!
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
text: ...like a flower and is cut down...
dialog: Amen!
speaker_heading: ETHAN ET AL.
dialog: Amen!
text: Ethan turns on his heel and walks -- CAMERA PANNING -- to
text: where Ed Nesby has been holding the horses. Brad is already
text: mounting. Mose is there too and Charlie MacCorry. Silhouetted
text: against the dawn light are the rifles in each man's saddle
text: scabbard. Clayton is right behind Ethan.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Charlie--you and Brad ride point!
dialog: ...Don't get too far ahead...
text: The young riders spur out.
scene_heading: EXT. NEAR HILLOCK - MED. CLOSE SHOT - ETHAN AND MRS.
speaker_heading: JORGENSEN
text: Ethan is about to mount when Mrs. Jorgensen comes up and
text: catches his arm.
scene_heading: MRS. JORGENSEN
dialog: Ethan...
dialog: (he turns impatiently)
dialog: Those girls mean as much to me as
dialog: though they were my own... Maybe you
dialog: don't know my Brad's been sittin' up
dialog: with Lucy... and my Laurie's real
dialog: fond of Martin...
text: Ethan glances back at where Martin and Laurie are standing.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE - FAVORING LAURIE AND MARTIN
text: The girl is looking at Martin full of compassion, tries to
text: console him by taking his arm and squeezing it as he stares
text: blindly at the graves and Jorgensen stolidly beginning the
text: work of shovelling them full.
scene_heading: EXT. NEAR HILLOCK - ETHAN AND MRS. JORGENSEN AS BEFORE
text: Ethan looks back at her -- stone-faced.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (impatiently)
dialog: I'd be obliged if you'd get to the
dialog: point, ma'am.
scene_heading: MRS. JORGENSEN
dialog: I am... I am... It's just that I
dialog: know Martha'd want you to think of
dialog: her boys as well as her girls... And
dialog: if the girls are... dead... Ethan,
dialog: don't let the boys waste their lives
dialog: in vengeance!
text: Ethan shrugs his arm free and mounts.
scene_heading: MRS. JORGENSEN
dialog: Promise me, Ethan!
text: He ignores her and turns angrily to where Martin is.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (harshly)
dialog: Come on, if you're comin'...
text: He digs spurs and rides out with the others. Martin comes
text: over, with Laurie a step behind. His face is set, his eyes
text: almost unseeing.
scene_heading: MRS. JORGENSEN
dialog: (a heartbroken murmur)
dialog: Oh, Martin... Martin...
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: We'll find them, Mrs. Jorgensen...
dialog: We'll find them...
text: He swings into his saddle. Laurie impulsively runs to his
text: side, steps onto the toe of his stirruped boot and pulls
text: herself up to his level to kiss him hard and full upon the
dialog: mouth.
text: He looks at her dully, as though hardly conscious of it. And
text: she is back beside her mother. Martin rides away after the
dialog: others.
scene_heading: MRS. JORGENSEN
dialog: (slowly)
dialog: I almost hope they don't find them!
text: Laurie looks at her mother and understands.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 61-A
scene_heading: EXT. OPEN COUNTRY - THE SEARCHERS - EARLY MORNING LIGHT
text: The SEARCH THEME begins as we see the riders in turn.
text: A series of portraits of the men.
text: CLOSE SHOT - BRAD AND CHARLIE - riding point, they come to a
text: pause, surveying the terrain ahead. Charlie, with an arm
text: signal, indicates he will take the left. Brad nods and he
text: rides out to the right.
text: THE MAIN BODY OF THE MEN, Clayton passing first, expression
text: resolute, competent... Then Ed Nesby and old Mose, squinting
text: at the ground as they ride, all but sniffing like an old
text: hound dog.
speaker_heading: 63A
text: MARTIN - Next to last in file. Finally:
speaker_heading: 63B
text: ETHAN - His face a study of relentless purpose.
speaker_heading: WIPE TO:
speaker_heading: OMITTED.
scene_heading: EXT. OPEN COUNTRY - FULL SHOT - BRAD AND CHARLIE - AFTERNOON
text: The two men are at a cairn of rocks -- their horses nearby.
text: In the near distance, Clayton is leading the men of the search
text: party at a fast clip toward the cairn. Charlie is standing,
text: Brad tearing the rock cairn apart. In Charlie's hands is a
text: Comanche head-dress of polished buffalo horn and feathers.
text: Brad doesn't even look up as the men ride in and dismount,
text: but continues his grim work of uncovering the buried Indian.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Another one, eh?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: This 'un come a long way 'fore he
dialog: died.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Well, that's seven we can score up
dialog: to your brother, Ethan.
speaker_heading: NESBY
dialog: I don't like it.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: What don't you like?
speaker_heading: NESBY
text: Injun's on a raid generly hides their
dialog: dead so you won't know how many
dialog: they've lost... If they don't care
dialog: about us knowin', it only spells one
dialog: thing... they ain't afraid of us
dialog: followin' -- or of us catchin' up
dialog: with 'em either.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: You can back out any time, Nesby.
speaker_heading: NESBY
dialog: Didn't say that...
dialog: (angrily indicating
dialog: Brad)
dialog: What's he doin' that for...
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: He wants to be sure...
text: Brad shifts another rock and Looks grimly upon the face (O.S.)
text: of the dead Comanche. Then he spits at it and stands.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: (grim)
dialog: Let's get along...
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (to Brad)
dialog: Why don't you finish the job?
text: With that he strides to the cairn, whipping a knife out. he
text: crouches over the body (O.S.) concealing what he is doing,
text: he bends to his bloody task.
text: Sam Clayton crosses to stand behind him.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: (gravely)
dialog: What good does that do?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: By what you preach... none!
text: He stands now and he faces Sam.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: But by what the Comanche believe --
dialog: now he can't enter the spirit land,
dialog: but has got to wander forever between
dialog: the winds... because I took his mangy
dialog: scalp!
text: He flings the scalp down and grinds it into the dirt with
text: his heel... He wipes clean the blade of his knife as he
text: crosses back to his horse. The men mount (those who have
text: dismounted) and they ride off.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. NIGHT CAMP - RAVINE - CLOSE SHOT - BRAD AND MARTIN
text: Brad is looking out into the night -- strain and tension in
dialog: every line. Beyond them we may see some of the other men --
text: sitting or sprawled on the ground near a sheltered fire.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: (a whisper)
dialog: If only she's alive... I'll make it
dialog: up to her... No matter what's
dialog: happened... I'll make her forget...
dialog: She's just got to be alive...
text: Ethan crosses behind them carrying his blanket roll. He looks
text: at them sourly.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Get some rest!
text: They move off, heading for their blankets. The CAMERA HOLDS
text: on Ethan as he rolls up his blanket and turns on his side.
text: He fishes a miniature out of his pocket and gravely studies
text: it by the light of the flickering little fire.
dialog: 70-A
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - THE MINIATURE - NIGHT
text: It is a picture of Martha. The CAMERA PULLS BACK to show
text: Ethan studying it gravely, then putting it away and lying
text: back to stare broodingly into the night.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. RIDGE TOP - CLOSE SHOT - ETHAN, BRAD, MOSE, SAM -
speaker_heading: SUNSET
text: The four faces are just over the ridge, peering at something
text: far distant, far below.
speaker_heading: MOSE
dialog: Could be a buffler...
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: It's horses, I tell ya...
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: It's them all right...
text: He starts to squirm down the ridge, the others following.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGH COUNTRY - FULL SHOT - THE SEARCHERS - SUNSET
text: Ethan's group crosses to where the other men are waiting
dialog: with the horses.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: They're camped by the river -- 'bout
dialog: twenty miles from here. Soon's it
dialog: gets dark we'll circle out so's to
dialog: jump 'em before daybreak.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: (slowly)
dialog: You're right sure you want to jump
dialog: 'em, Ethan?
text: Martin and Brad stare at Sam -- not understanding the
text: question. But Mose knows what he means and studiously looks
dialog: into space.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (touch of defiance)
dialog: It's what we're here for, ain't it?
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: I thought we were trying to get the
dialog: girls back -- alive... We jump those
dialog: Comanches, they'll kill 'em... You
dialog: know that!
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: (bewildered, angry)
dialog: But... but what are we doin' then?...
dialog: What are we supposed to do?
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: What I had in mind was runnin' off
dialog: their hoss herd... A Comanche on
dialog: foot is more apt to be willin' to
dialog: listen...
speaker_heading: NESBY
dialog: That makes sense to me.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Yeah...
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: What do you know about it?... What's
dialog: a quarter-breed Cherokee know about
dialog: the Comanche trick of sleeping with
text: his best pony tied right beside him...
dialog: You got as much chance of stampedin'
dialog: their herd as...
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: ...as you have of findin' those girls
dialog: alive by ridin' into 'em... I say
dialog: we do it my way, Ethan... and that's
dialog: an order!
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Yes, sir... But if you're wrong,
dialog: Captain Clayton, don't ever give me
dialog: another!
text: They look into each other's eyes a moment, then Sam turns to
text: mount... and the others follow. Slowly then they start riding
text: down the slope.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FLAT GROUND, LIKE MARSH COUNTRY - FULL SHOT - THE
scene_heading: SEARCHERS - DAWN MIST EFFECT
dialog: (NOTE: It is now planned to shoot this on sound stage.)
text: Fog and heavy morning mist rise from the swamp. Some cattails
text: in the near ground. The effect is eerie, very still except
text: for the trilling of frogs. Then, very quietly, the men emerge
text: from the mist swirling around them. They are leading their
text: horses. Sam looks baffled, angry. They stand still, listening --
text: then slowly continue.
scene_heading: EXT. FLAT GROUND - ANOTHER ANGLE - FULL SHOT - DAWN MIST
speaker_heading: (SOUND STAGE)
text: The mist is thinning. In the f.g. is a small blackened area --
text: the ashes of a campfire. The men come through the mist --
text: wary, vigilant. It is Mose who first spots the fire. He runs
text: to it and drops beside and feels the ashes.
text: The others come up around him.
speaker_heading: MOSE
dialog: Ay-he... They was here...
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (to Sam)
dialog: SURE!... They WERE here... Now they're
dialog: out there... an' waitin' to jump
dialog: us!...
text: He looks at Clayton.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: You got any more orders, Captain?
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Just keep goin'...
text: They move on, slowly.
dialog: 74-A
scene_heading: EXT. FLAT GROUND - FULL SHOT - MOVING (SOUND STAGE)
text: The mist is thinning as the men warily move along.
text: Suddenly there is the faint hoot of an owl from behind and
text: to one side... the men turn slightly, hearing it... A moment
text: later another owl hoot, from the same side but up ahead.
dialog: From the interchange of looks, we must know that the riders
text: are aware of its significance. Mose cups hand to his mouth
text: and he hoots in exact imitation of the other calls. Clayton
text: glares at him.
speaker_heading: MOSE
dialog: (in soft apology)
dialog: Jus' bein' sociable, Cap'n...
text: Ethan grins wryly. And now the first, faint, ruddy touch of
text: the sun hits the slowly moving horsemen and begins to burn
text: through the mist.
speaker_heading: 74-B
scene_heading: EXT. NEAR RIVER - PANNING SHOT - MORNING
text: The CAMERA SLOWLY PANS from a sun-touched butte or crag to
text: the file of men slowly walking their horses. An occasional
text: shred of mist drifts by. Everything about the little cavalcade
text: bespeaks tension, watchfulness. Suddenly -- and every man
text: sees it at the same time -- we see a file of eight Comanches
text: ride slowly out of a canyon at a distance, walking their
text: horses at the same pace and on a course roughly parallel
text: with, but slightly converging on, our group.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Keep goin'...
text: Brad, who has been looking up ahead, sounds a new warning.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: (tensely)
dialog: Look!
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Easy!
speaker_heading: 74-C
scene_heading: EXT. CANYON COUNTRY - LONG SHOT - PAST THE SEARCHERS
text: Another Indian file of eight angles out of a different canyon
text: and begins to cut in toward the group -- riding slowly, very
text: quietly. Clayton slightly alters course, veering slightly
text: away from the converging files, but still riding slowly. And
text: then, from ahead but at a 100 yards, another Comanche group
text: seems to rise out of the ground and slowly begins closing
dialog: the gap.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (to Clayton)
dialog: If you were tryin' to surround 'em,
dialog: you sure succeeded.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: How far's the river from here, Mose?
speaker_heading: MOSE
dialog: I been baptized, Reverend... yes
dialog: suh, been baptized, thank ye...
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Well, you better brace yourself for
dialog: another one... Ya-HEE!
text: And with that yell, he drives spurs and cuts sharply at an
text: angle to the converging Indian files -- and every man is
text: with him. In the next instant, the Comanches whoop and give
dialog: chase.
speaker_heading: 74-D
scene_heading: EXT. OPEN COUNTRY - FULL SHOT - THE CHASE
text: with the Ranger group short-cutting in such a way as to
text: outstrip the Comanche horsemen in a mad dash for the river.
speaker_heading: 74-E
scene_heading: EXT. THE RIVER'S EDGE - FULL SHOT - THE GROUP
text: Clayton flings his hand up in a signal to halt as the Rangers
text: reach the bank. They rein in, wheel their horses and are
text: reaching for the rifles as the Comanche vanguard races into
text: view -- to find themselves opposed by seven veterans, sitting
text: their horses, rifles at their shoulders.
text: The charge breaks as the seven rifles bark, almost in unison --
text: and the Indians wheel to shelter.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
speaker_heading: YA-HEE!
text: And once again he spins his mount and takes off, across the
text: river, followed by the others.
speaker_heading: 74-F
scene_heading: EXT. THE RIVER - FULL SHOT
text: As the men pound across.
speaker_heading: 74-G
scene_heading: EXT. FAR BANK OF RIVER - FULL SHOT - THE GROUP
text: They dismount and Charlie and Nesby take the horses and run
text: them to some place of protection as the men group around
dialog: Clayton and Ethan. During this:
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: (shouting his orders)
dialog: This is as good as any... Charlie,
dialog: you and Ed take the horses...
text: Mose runs over and crouches beside Ethan. Beyond Ethan is
text: Martin, then Brad... Nesby and Charlie will rejoin the group
dialog: after an appropriate interval... with all the men shielded
text: behind river boulders, etc.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER'S EDGE - ANGLING PAST ETHAN AND MOSE WITH MARTIN
scene_heading: AND BRAD BEYOND
text: Ethan and Mose are hunkered down behind some rocks, very
text: casual and business-like as they check rifles, set out and
text: carefully wipe cartridges.
speaker_heading: MOSE
dialog: (chattily)
dialog: Minds me o' the time Joe Powers an'
dialog: me fit us some Kiowas...
text: Martin is in the throes of buck-fever, wiping mouth with
text: back of his hand, peering anxiously across the river.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: You think they mean to charge us,
dialog: Uncle Ethan...?
speaker_heading: MOSE
dialog: ...We found us an ole buffler
dialog: wallow...
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: (staring across river)
dialog: Criminy!
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER'S EDGE - LONG SHOT - PAST THE GROUP
text: On the opposite bank, we see the full force of Comanches
text: riding into sight -- racing their mounts to the edge, then
text: wheeling off -- jeering, taunting. Brad starts to bring up
dialog: his rifle.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Steady, Daniel Boone! You don't want
dialog: to miss... It makes them think their
dialog: medicine's stronger than yours...
speaker_heading: MOSE
dialog: Ay-he... That's jest what I tole Joe
dialog: Powers... That un's gettin' kinda
dialog: sassy, ain't he, Ethan?
text: One Comanche rides a few yards into the water, brandishing
text: his rifle, taunting the white men. A moment later he is joined
text: by a second brave.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (grimly)
dialog: Real sassy.
text: He and Mose slowly bring their rifles to bear -- and then
text: the two shots crack out almost simultaneously. And within
text: split seconds both Comanches fall. The others race away.
text: Sam comes charging over to Ethan and Mose.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: I didn't give any order to fire!
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: That's all right, Captain... I don't
dialog: need any formal invitation to kill a
dialog: Comanch...
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: (grimly)
dialog: You got one now!
text: And he drops behind a rock as, with a wild whooping, the
text: Comanche forces swing from their places of hiding and hit
text: the river. The men open fire, all but Martin, who has frozen,
text: staring wild-eyed at the oncoming Comanches.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER'S EDGE - PROFILE SHOT - THE DEFENDERS
text: Brad, Charlie, Clayton, Nesby are snapping shot after shot.
text: Only Martin seems out of it. Ethan shoots him a glance.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Slack your shoulders... Slack 'em...
dialog: Your hands'll take care of
dialog: themselves...
text: Some of the tension leaves Martin. Somehow his gun is in
text: position and he is firing as fast and well as the others.
dialog: 77-A
scene_heading: EXT. THE RIVER - FULL SHOT - INDIAN CHARGE
text: The Comanches are coming in, crouched low over their ponies'
text: necks, whooping and firing. Men and horses go down, counted
text: off by the expert marksmanship of the Texans. But they keep
dialog: coming.
dialog: 77-B
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER'S EDGE - PROFILE SHOT - PAST MARTIN, ETHAN, MOSE
text: They drop their rifles now and pull out revolvers for close-
text: range work. One Comanche breaks through from the side, his
text: buffalo lance ready for the thrust. Ethan whirls and fires.
text: The Comanche horse charges through the defense line and out
text: and there is a muffled scream of pain from Ed Nesby.
dialog: 77-C
scene_heading: EXT. THE RIVER - WIDE ANGLE - THE INDIANS
text: The charge breaks and Comanches wheel left and right, racing
text: back across the river. With magnificent horsemanship, one
text: brave rides to an unhorsed warrior crouched in the shallows
text: and swings him up behind. Two others, riding together, head
text: for one of the two dead Comanches Ethan and Mose had downed
text: on their first shots. Swinging simultaneously from their
text: saddles, they grab the dead man and carry him off.
speaker_heading: 77-D
scene_heading: EXT. THE RIVER'S EDGE - ANGLING PAST MOSE AND ETHAN
speaker_heading: MOSE
dialog: (cackling)
dialog: There goes yer scalp, Ethan!...
text: Ethan snuggles his rifle to his shoulder as two other racing
text: Comanches prepare to pick up the other dead Indian. Most of
text: the Comanches have regained the far bank now and are racing
text: away. The firing from the Texans has stopped.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: I still got one out there.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER'S EDGE - CLOSE SHOT - BEHIND ETHAN
text: The angle is along his rifle barrel as it beads on one of
text: the racing Comanches trying to pick up the dead Indian.
text: Clayton's big hand grasps the rifle barrel.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON'S VOICE
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: No, Ethan.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER'S EDGE - CLOSE SHOT - THE TWO
text: Ethan looks up into Clayton's face.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Let them bury their dead...
text: Ethan pulls the gun free and looks out across the river.
scene_heading: EXT. THE RIVER - LONG SHOT - PAST THEM
text: The Comanches have done their work, are riding away -- and
text: over the saddle of one lies the limp form of the dead Indian.
text: Ethan looks back at Sam.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: That tears it, Reverend... From now
dialog: on, you keep out...
dialog: (mad now -- facing
dialog: the others)
dialog: All of you!... I don't want you with
dialog: me... I don't need you... for what I
dialog: got to do!
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: No need to shout, mister.
text: The CAMERA SWINGS to pick up the figure of Nesby outstretched
text: on the ground, writhing in pain; with Charlie kneeling beside
text: him. The men cross to stand around the fallen man.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Reckon we got to go back -- Ed's
dialog: shoulder is smashed -- bad!
speaker_heading: NESBY
dialog: I can make it... just get me on a
dialog: horse...
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: No good, Ed... And Ethan's right...
dialog: This is a job for a company of
dialog: Rangers... or it's a job for one or
dialog: two men... Right now we're too many...
dialog: an' not enough...
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: (facing Ethan)
dialog: Only one way you can stop me lookin'
dialog: for Lucy, mister... An' that's kill
dialog: me...
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: That's how I feel, Uncle Ethan...
dialog: (correcting the slip)
dialog: Ethan, sir.
text: Ethan glares at them, but has to accept it.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: All right... but I'm givin' the
dialog: orders... You take 'em or we split
dialog: up here and now...
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: Why, sure, Ethan... There's just the
dialog: one thing we're after... finding
dialog: Deborah and Lucy...
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (grimly -- turning
dialog: away)
dialog: If they're still alive...
text: He heads away, for his horse. Brad and Martin look at each
text: other as the full import of Ethan's footnote strikes home.
text: Then they head for their own horses.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
dialog: 86-A
scene_heading: EXT. THE RIVER - FULL SHOT
text: Ethan, Martin, and Brad mount. Clayton crosses to them.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: You boys got enough shells?
text: They nod.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Yeah...
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Vaya con dios.
text: The three re-enter the river and slowly start across, with
text: Clayton gravely looking after them. The three riders continue
text: across the river... and the Search Theme resumes.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. WIDE ANGLE - DESERT COUNTRY - BLAZING NOON
text: A region of buttes and giant rock formations; treeless, arid
text: and seemingly reaching out to infinity. Far off we see a
text: cloud of dust -- miles and miles off. Only the dust, nothing
text: else. From behind CAMERA ride the three men -- Ethan, Brad,
text: and Martin -- dust-powdered, eyes bloodshot. The three are
text: watching that distant cloud of dust. They force their weary
dialog: horses onward.
speaker_heading: WIPE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT COUNTRY - WIDE ANGLE - LATE AFTERNOON
text: The ANGLE is past some spectacular butte or citadel of rock
text: into another long reach of valley -- different from the first
text: view of it, yet alike in its suggestion of endlessness.
text: But now there is no cloud of dust far away -- nothing to
text: suggest the passage of anything but time itself.
text: Ethan, Martin, and Brad ride into the fringe of the butte's
text: shadow and scan the terrain ahead.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: (shrill)
dialog: They got to stop sometime... if
dialog: they're human at all, they got to
dialog: stop!
speaker_heading: ETHAN
text: Naw... a human man rides a horse
text: till it dies... then he goes on
text: afoot... A Comanche comes along...
dialog: gets that horse up... and rides it
text: twenty more miles... Then he eats
dialog: it.
text: Ethan turns to catch Martin thirstily drinking from his
text: canteen.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: Easy on that!
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Sorry... We don't even know if Debbie
dialog: 'n Lucy are with this bunch... Maybe
dialog: they split up...
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: They're with 'em -- if they're still
dialog: alive.
text: Brad wheels on him.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: You've said that enough!... Maybe
dialog: Lucy's dead... maybe they're both
dialog: dead... but if I hear it from you
dialog: again, I'll fight ya, Mr. Edwards!
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (an aside)
dialog: That'll be the day!... Let's ride.
speaker_heading: WIPE TO:
speaker_heading: OMITTED
dialog: 89-A
scene_heading: EXT. VALLEY AND CANYON WALL - WIDE ANGLE - THE RIDERS -
speaker_heading: LATE AFTERNOON
dialog: (NOTE: This is the gap in the rocks near the "Medicine
dialog: Country" at Monument.)
text: The three riders come to where the trail they have been
text: following forks... the main horseprint track leading ahead,
text: a lesser track heading for a narrow gap between two buttes.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Four of 'em cut out here... Why?
text: Ethan thinks he knows why. His face is bleak. But he tries
dialog: to be casual.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: I'll take a look... You keep after
dialog: the others...
text: He turns his mount toward the gap.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (eagerly)
dialog: You want us to fire a shot if...
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (disgustedly)
dialog: No... nor build bonfires... nor beat
dialog: drums neither. I'll meet you on the
dialog: far side.
text: He's still grumbling as he rides off. An abashed Martin rides
text: ahead along the broad trail with Brad.
text: (NOTE: Ethan's serape, tied behind his saddle, should be
text: clearly seen as he rides away -- not pointed up, but visible.)
speaker_heading: WIPE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FAR SIDE OF BUTTE - TWILIGHT
text: Martin and Brad, riding in a direction opposite to that in
text: which they had taken off -- indicating their circle route --
text: haul up momentarily as they spot Ethan, standing beside his
text: horse, his back to them, some distance along. They turn
text: slightly off their course and ride out toward him.
scene_heading: EXT. OPEN COUNTRY - NEAR BUTTE - TWILIGHT
text: Ethan turns, almost startled, as the two youths ride in.
text: His serape is no longer behind his saddle. Ethan looks at
text: them blankly for a minute -- as though not really seeing
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Oh... it's you.
text: They both stare at him.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (a vague gesture)
dialog: I... uh... here's where they met up
dialog: again...
text: They both can see that.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: Trail leads off there...
text: They look at him and each other -- for these are clearly
text: unnecessary remarks and doubly surprising coming from Ethan.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Why'd they break off?
dialog: (no answer)
dialog: Was there water in that canyon?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Huh...? No... no water.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: You all right, Ethan?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Huh...?
dialog: (more like his usual
dialog: gruff self)
dialog: Sure I'm all right...
text: He goes to his horse, mounts. Martin is right beside him and
text: he notes the missing serape.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Say!... What happened to your blanket?
dialog: Lose it?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Must've... Anyway, I ain't goin'
dialog: back to look for it...
text: He leads out. Brad rides up beside Martin. Again the two
text: exchange puzzled looks. Martin shrugs and the three continue
text: along the broad trace of the Indian ponies into the setting
dialog: sun.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. NIGHT CAMP - A POCKET IN THE HILLS - TWILIGHT
text: Ethan crouches over a small fire built into a slit trench so
text: that barely the glow of the flames can be seen. Beyond him
text: Martin is leading their unsaddled horses away. The men have
text: come to the end of another long day. Both men look up as
text: Brad comes over a hill slope and rides recklessly down the
text: incline to their camp. His horse is lathered.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: (shouting it)
dialog: I saw her!... I saw Lucy!
text: Martin runs to his side as Brad slides off his mount.
text: Ethan moves more slowly.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: They're camped 'bout two miles over...
dialog: I was just swingin' back when I saw
dialog: their smoke... I bellied up a ridge
dialog: an' they was right below me...
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Did you see Debbie?
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: No, but I saw Lucy all right... She
dialog: was wearin' that blue dress... an'
dialog: she was walkin' along...
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (voice flat)
dialog: What you saw wasn't Lucy.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: It was, I tell you!
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: What you saw was a buck wearin'
dialog: Lucy's dress...
dialog: (they stare at him)
dialog: I found Lucy back there in that
dialog: canyon... I wrapped her in my blanket
dialog: an' buried her with m'own hands... I
dialog: thought it best to keep it from you --
dialog: long as I could.
text: He can't look at Brad or at Martin. Brad can't speak -- and
dialog: then finally:
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Did they...? Was she...?
text: Ethan wheels on him in shouting fury.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (blazing)
dialog: What've I got to do -- draw you a
dialog: picture?... Spell it out?... Don't
dialog: ever ask me!... Long as you live
dialog: don't ever ask me more!
text: Brad wipes his mouth with the back of his hand. He turns --
text: walking stiff-legged as though on stilts back to his horse.
text: He bends his head against the saddle, as though to hide his
text: grief. Martin turns away from him and walks back to Ethan.
text: And in that moment, Brad mounts and takes off in the same
text: direction from which he had ridden in.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (frantically)
dialog: BRAD!...
text: They run for their horses.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 92-A
scene_heading: EXT. ROUGH ROLLING COUNTRY - NIGHT - MOVING - CLOSE SHOT -
speaker_heading: BRAD
text: He comes pounding down a slope, and he takes off his hat and
text: skims it away. He rips off a neckerchief as though to relieve
text: the rush of raging blood.
speaker_heading: 92-B
scene_heading: EXT. THE EDGE OF A RISE - MED. CLOSE SHOT - BRAD - NIGHT
text: He reaches the crest and reins in. A distant firelight is on
text: his face. He takes one moment to look down into the Comanche
text: camp o.s. Then he has his gun out. His eyes are wild, his
text: face wet with sweat. Then he throws back his head and he
text: yells -- and with the yell goes charging into the camp.
speaker_heading: 92-C
scene_heading: EXT. A RIDGE - FULL SHOT - ETHAN AND MARTIN - NIGHT
text: They rein in -- staring -- as from afar they hear Brad's
text: yell echoing and bouncing off the canyon walls. There is
text: nothing they can do. They hear his shouts, then the quick
text: bark of his .44, and the angry shouts of the Comanche.
speaker_heading: 92-D
scene_heading: EXT. COMANCHE CAMP - EXTREME CLOSEUP - BRAD - RIDING - NIGHT
text: His face is red with the reflected light of the fires he is
text: passing o.s. and his eyes are alight with a crazy, savage
text: joy. His gun cracks once, then again -- and the hammer clicks
text: on a spent shell.
speaker_heading: 92-E
scene_heading: EXT. COMANCHE CAMP - CLOSE SHOT - SCAR - NIGHT
text: He stands apart, warbow drawn and arrow notched. He releases
text: it at his running target. We hear its impact and a high gasp
text: of pain... and then the jubilant, yammering yells of other
dialog: Comanches.
speaker_heading: 92-F
scene_heading: EXT. A RIDGE - FULL ON MARTIN AND ETHAN AS BEFORE - NIGHT
text: The distant yammering of the Comanches doesn't quite drown
text: out one stifled scream of pain; we can surmise a scalping
text: knife was busy in the last instance of Brad's life. Martin
text: slumps in his saddle. Ethan listens a moment, then turns to
dialog: Martin.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Let's just hope he took some with
dialog: him...
text: He turns his horse back the way they had come. Martin stares
text: at him.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: What you goin' to do?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Get some sleep... Tomorrow's another
dialog: day...
text: Slowly, he rides away. Slowly, reluctantly but helpless to
dialog: do otherwise, Martin follows.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. PLAINS COUNTRY - LOW ANGLE SHOT - DAY
text: A study of horseprints etched in the soil -- the mark of the
dialog: passage of many horses; perhaps an eagle or turkey feather
text: fallen from a warbonnet. And then we hear and see the approach
text: of two plodding horses, and the dusty boots of the horsemen --
text: Ethan and Martin -- following the trail. The Search Theme
text: resumes and continues over the next three shots, helping us
text: suggest the passage of time, the change of scene.
scene_heading: EXT. PLAINS COUNTRY - LONG SHOT - ETHAN AND MARTIN - DAY
text: The two figures are little more than specks in a vastness of
dialog: savage country.
speaker_heading: WIPE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAIN COUNTRY - LOW ANGLE SHOT - DAY
text: Again we study the hooves of two horses, fighting their way
text: up a rocky slope and past a thorn bush on which -- fluttering
text: in the mountain wind -- is a torn scrap of scarlet cloth
text: with a bit of beadwork or Indian decoration.
speaker_heading: WIPE TO:
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. PLAINS COUNTRY - LOW ANGLE SHOT - ETHAN AND MARTIN -
speaker_heading: AFTERNOON
text: It is a portrait study of two faces -- etched by wind and
text: privation and cold into tragic, fanatic masks.
text: Martin has aged years in a matter of months. Falling snow
text: flakes touch their faces and begin to rime their stubbly
dialog: beards.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (bitterly)
dialog: Say it. We're beat!
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (slowly)
dialog: No... our turnin' back don't change
dialog: anything... not in the long run. If
dialog: she's alive, she's safe... for a
dialog: while... They'll keep her to raise
dialog: as one of their own, 'til she's of
dialog: an age to...
text: He turns his mount.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: And you think we got a chance to
dialog: find her?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: An Injun will chase a thing til he
dialog: thinks he's chased it enough... Then
dialog: he quits... Same when he runs...
dialog: Seems he never learns there's such a
dialog: thing as a critter that might just
dialog: keep comin' on... So we'll find them
dialog: in the end, I promise you that...
dialog: We'll find them just as sure as the
dialog: turning of the earth.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: EXT. THE JORGENSEN HOUSE AND APPROACH - WIDE ANGLE -
speaker_heading: TWILIGHT
text: The time is spring. It is a year and a half later.
text: The Jorgensen house is larger than the Edwards place -- of
text: sod and logs, with a covered breezeway connecting the two
text: separate buildings of the house: one being the keeping room,
text: the other the sleeping quarters of the numerous Jorgensen
text: brood. A meadowlark breaks into his sudden song. A dog or
text: two come barking around the side of the house as Ethan and
text: Martin ride slowly from behind CAMERA toward the house. In
text: that instant a lamp is lighted within the house and Lars
text: Jorgensen comes to the door.
scene_heading: EXT. THE JORGENSEN HOUSE - FULL SHOT - NEAR DOOR - TWILIGHT
text: Jorgensen peers at the two men as they ride up - recognizing
text: them, of course, but ill-prepared for the change in their
text: appearance and full of unspoken questions.
text: Bearing a lamp, Mrs. Jorgensen hurries out to stand beside
text: her husband -- and her face works and tears begin to well in
text: her eyes. Two tow-headed boys -- 13 or 14 -- come after her.
text: Jorgensen makes a little signal with one hand, not even
text: looking at the boys, and they hurry out to take the reins as
text: Ethan and Martin dismount.
scene_heading: EXT. THE JORGENSEN HOUSE - MED. SHOT - ETHAN AND MARTIN
dialog: The passage of time has stamped Martin -- and will continue
dialog: during our story more and more to stamp him -- in the image
text: of Ethan. Now it may show only in the set of his hat or trick
dialog: of standing; later it will be in his walk, in his speech (or
text: paucity of speech). Neither man is sure of his reception.
text: They are thinking of Brad -- dead because of their search;
text: and Martin is thinking of Laurie. And then Mrs. Jorgensen is
text: running across to Martin and has him in her arms as though
text: he were her son -- saying nothing, just holding him. He stands
text: frozen a moment and then he returns the embrace. Ethan watches
text: a moment, then crosses to Jorgensen.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (to Jorgensen)
dialog: You got my letter about your son,
dialog: Brad?
speaker_heading: JORGENSEN
dialog: Yah... Just about this time a year
dialog: ago...
scene_heading: MRS. JORGENSEN
dialog: It came the day before his...
dialog: birthday.
speaker_heading: JORGENSEN
dialog: The Lord giveth--the Lord taketh
dialog: away...
text: Mrs. Jorgensen starts to lead the way inside. Martin hangs
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I ain't fit to go indoors, miz
dialog: Jorgensen... These clothes is...
text: Laurie rushes past her mother.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: Martie!
text: She kisses him hard and full on the mouth -- and has no eyes
text: for anyone else. Mrs. Jorgensen looks on with amusement.
text: Martin is just bowled over.
scene_heading: MRS. JORGENSEN
dialog: (teasing)
dialog: And him probably forgettin' all about
dialog: you!... Probably can't even call
dialog: your name to mind.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Laurie.
text: And Laurie smiles triumphantly at her mother.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: But I fairly forgot just how pretty
dialog: you was...
text: Laurie grabs his hand then and pulls him indoors -- and there
text: is no further resistance from Martin.
text: Mrs. Jorgensen and her husband converge then on Ethan -- and
text: her face is gravely questioning.
scene_heading: MRS. JORGENSEN
dialog: The little one?... Debbie?
text: Ethan shakes his head. She squeezes his arm reassuringly and
text: they start indoors.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE SPARE BEDROOM OF THE JORGENSEN'S - MED. SHOT -
scene_heading: MARTIN - NIGHT
text: This is a room off the kitchen end of the keeping room --
dialog: and described in the book as the "grandmother room": with
text: narrow, slit-like windows, a set of single bunk beds, possibly
text: a fireplace.
text: Martin is in a deep wooden tub, taking a hot bath, currying
text: his back with a long-handled brush. Beyond him is the door.
text: It opens and Martin turns casually -- and at once stops being
text: casual as Laurie enters and purposefully crosses to a stool
text: or bench on which his discarded clothing is scattered.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Hey... What you doin'...?
text: She picks up the shirt, puts it over one arm; she reaches
text: for his long-handled and ragged underwear, runs a fist through
text: a hole in its seat, clucks and shreds it into rags. During
dialog: this:
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (a yelp)
dialog: Don't go takin' that stuff...
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: Ain't worth the mendin'...
text: She turns and looks at him, matter of fact.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: What you gettin' red-in-the-face
dialog: for?... I have brothers, haven't I?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Well I ain't one of 'em!
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: I'm a woman, Martie...
dialog: (he tries to say
dialog: something but she
dialog: goes right on)
dialog: We wash and mend your dirty clothes
dialog: all our lives... When you're little
dialog: we even wash you... How a man can
dialog: ever make out to get bashful in front
dialog: of a woman I'll never know...
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: You talk like a feller might just as
dialog: leave run around nekkid...
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: Wouldn't bother me...
dialog: (she heads for the
dialog: door)
dialog: I wouldn't try it in front of pa,
dialog: though, was I you...
text: And she is laughing as she closes the door behind her.
scene_heading: INT. THE KEEPING ROOM OF THE JORGENSEN HOUSE - FULL SHOT
text: It is a plastered room, everything bright and shiny; a big
text: wood-burning cookstove, above it a row of shiny copper pots;
text: the furniture handmade and probably not too much unlike the
dialog: good plain Swedish modern of today.
text: There should be Scandinavian accents in the decor. All told,
text: a cheerful, warm-smelling room.
text: Ethan is talking as Laurie enters the room still carrying
text: Martin's shirt, the rags of his underwear. She will wait,
text: listening for a break in what Ethan is saying, to try to get
text: her mother's attention. Jorgensen is sitting in his usual
text: chair -- with his boots off, puffing his pipe more or less
text: in tune with what Ethan is talking about. Mrs. Jorgensen is
text: in her rocker, darning or knitting. Ethan is standing near
text: the mantel.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: ...an' then it snowed and we lost
dialog: the trail... No need to tell ya all
dialog: the places we went... Fort Richardson,
dialog: Fort Wingate an' Cobb... the Anadarko
dialog: Agency... Trouble is we don't even
dialog: know which band that war party
dialog: belonged to...
text: Mrs. Jorgensen looks up from her darning.
scene_heading: MRS. JORGENSEN
dialog: Well, you did all a body could, Ethan.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: I got your boy killed.
scene_heading: MRS. JORGENSEN
dialog: (gently)
dialog: Don't go blamin' yourself...
speaker_heading: JORGENSEN
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: It's this country killed my boy!...
dialog: Yes, by golly!
text: Mrs. Jorgensen stands.
scene_heading: MRS. JORGENSEN
dialog: Now Lars!... It so happens we be
dialog: Texicans... We took a reachin' hold,
dialog: way far out, past where any man has
dialog: right or reason to hold on... Or if
dialog: we didn't, our folks did... So we
dialog: can't leave off without makin' them
dialog: out to be fools, wastin' their lives
dialog: 'n wasted in the way they died... A
dialog: Texican's nothin' but a human man
dialog: out on a limb... This year an' next
dialog: and maybe for a hundred more. But I
dialog: don't think it'll be forever. Someday
dialog: this country will be a fine good
dialog: place to be... Maybe it needs our
dialog: bones in the ground before that time
dialog: can come...
text: The speech impresses everyone but Laurie, who probably hasn't
dialog: heard a word of it.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: Ma!... Martie's drawers is a sight!
dialog: Ain't fit for rags!... Would it be
dialog: all right if we gave him some of
dialog: Brad's things?
dialog: There is just the briefest hesitation...
scene_heading: MRS. JORGENSEN
dialog: Why...'course it would! They're in
dialog: the chest...
text: And she leads the way briskly, with Laurie following, to a
text: big chest at the far end of the room.
speaker_heading: JORGENSEN
dialog: (rising excitedly)
text: By golly, the letter... In the chest,
dialog: mama... It came for you, Ethan...
dialog: last winter...
text: Ethan and Jorgensen cross together to where Mrs. Jorgensen
text: is raising the top of a huge dower chest. She extracts a
text: letter, wrapped in oilskin against moths.
speaker_heading: JORGENSEN
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Joab Wilkes of the Rangers brought
dialog: it...
text: Ethan takes the letter and studies it very carefully before
text: venturing to open it. Jorgensen is quite curious, but trying
text: not to seem nosy. The women remain at the chest -- pulling
text: out various folded garments, etc. Finally Ethan carefully
text: opens it and takes out a letter -- dirty as to paper, crudely
text: printed in pencil and with a horseshoe nail pinning a two-
text: inch square snip of calico to the bottom of the sheet. He
text: reads the letter with the habitual difficulty of a man unused
text: to words and then he turns the letter, removes the nail and
text: looks at the snip of cloth.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Mrs. Jorgensen...
text: She comes to him, her arms piled with clothing; and
text: Laurie a step behind her, holding up a new pair of long-
text: handled underwear -- measuring it with her eyes for holes,
dialog: etc.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Will you look at this?
text: He holds out the snip of calico.
scene_heading: MRS. JORGENSEN
dialog: Why it's just a snip of calico...
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: You ever see it before... like mebbe
dialog: on a dress Debbie wore?
scene_heading: MRS. JORGENSEN
dialog: Yes!... Yes, I remember!... Have
dialog: they found her, Ethan?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: No... not yet...
text: He takes the calico snip, places it within the letter and
text: carefully pockets it. He looks broodingly into the fire.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ...not yet...
text: Laurie's face is troubled as she turns from him and heads
text: for the grandmother room, carrying the armful of clothes.
scene_heading: INT. THE SPARE BEDROOM - FULL SHOT - NIGHT
text: Martin is sitting sulkily on a cot, wrapped in a blanket.
text: He glares up as Laurie enters. His feet are in his boots.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Might at least have left me my pants!
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: Shush!... Time for bed anyway...
dialog: (putting clothes near
dialog: him)
dialog: Likely these'll need some takin'
dialog: in... Oh, Martie, you're that gaunted!
dialog: ...Ma's havin' a turkey for dinner
dialog: tomorrow and...
speaker_heading: JORGENSEN'S VOICE
dialog: (calling)
dialog: Laurie!... Come... come!
text: Ethan opens the door, enters.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: Yes, Pa!... Good night, Martie...
dialog: good night, Mr. Edwards...
text: She wants to kiss Martie but is shy in Ethan's presence and
text: hurries out.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Good night... Laurie...
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Good night...
text: Martin stoops to remove his boots. Ethan studies him and
text: looks thoughtfully after the girl and at Martin.
text: He takes the letter out of his pocket -- as though he meant
text: to read it -- and then he puts it back decisively.
text: He starts to undress. Martin lies back on his bunk.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Jorgensen's been runnin' his cattle
dialog: with my own...
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (staring)
dialog: YOUR cattle?... DEBBIE'S cattle!
text: Ethan returns the stare without any change of expression.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: He's agreed to take you on and share
dialog: the increase from my herd while I'm
dialog: gone... I'll be pushin' on tomorrow...
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I ain't stayin'... I set out lookin'
dialog: for Debbie... I aim to keep on...
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Because she's my... my...
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: She's your nothin'... She's no kin
dialog: to you at all!
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I always felt like she was... Her
dialog: folks takin' me in, raisin' me like
dialog: one of their own...
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: That don't make 'em kin...
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: All right... I ain't got no kin...
dialog: I'm goin' to keep lookin' that's
dialog: all.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: How? You got any horses, or money to
dialog: buy 'em... You ain't even got money
dialog: to buy cartridges... Jorgensen's
dialog: offering you a good livin' here...
text: Martin throws himself back, turns his face to the wall.
text: Ethan looks soberly at him -- and is sorry for the brutality
dialog: of his words.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Martin... I want you to know
dialog: somethin'...
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (turning -- mad as
dialog: hell)
dialog: Yeah... you want me to know I ain't
dialog: got no kin -- no money -- no horses --
text: nothing but a dead man's clothes to
dialog: wear!... You tole me that already...
dialog: Now shut your head!
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Good night.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE JORGENSEN HOME - WIDE ANGLE - DAWN LIGHT
text: It is a still scene, with the first light of day in the sky,
text: a thin plume of smoke rising from the chimney.
scene_heading: INT. THE JORGENSEN KEEPING ROOM - MED. CLOSE SHOT - LAURIE -
speaker_heading: DAWN LIGHT
text: She is in a robe made of an Indian blanket, belted snugly
text: around her waist. She wears moccasins for slippers. Her
text: flannel nightgown is high at the collar and almost trails
text: the floor. She is at the stove, frying bacon and eggs; a
text: coffee pot is on the boil. Beyond her the door to the
text: grandmother room opens and Martin comes in -- dressed in
text: Brad's clothes. His eyes whip around the room. Laurie doesn't
text: turn as he slowly approaches.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Ethan rode on... an hour ago.
text: The starch goes out of him. He walks heavily to the table
text: and sits, slumped. She looks at him compassionately.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: I don't know what you can do about
dialog: finding Debbie that he can't...
text: He just shakes his head, not looking at her. She lifts the
text: food from the skillet onto a plate and sets it before him.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: He'll find her now, Martie... Please
dialog: believe me... I know.
text: He shakes his head. She crosses to the stove for the coffee
dialog: pot.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: That's what scares me -- him findin'
dialog: her.
text: Now it is her turn to stare.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Laurie, I've seen his eyes when he
dialog: so much as hears the word 'Comanche'
dialog: ...I've seen him take his knife an'
dialog: ...never mind... But he's a man can
dialog: go crazy wild... It might come on
dialog: him when it was the worst thing could
dialog: be... What I counted on, I hoped to
dialog: be there to stop him, if such thing
dialog: come.
text: Laurie has poured his coffee. Now he sips it. She sits at
text: the table with him.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: (slowly)
dialog: I hoped I could hold you here... But
dialog: I guess I knew... So I stole this
dialog: for you...
text: She takes Ethan's letter from her breast and hands it to
text: him. He takes it, puzzled, and slowly reads it aloud.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: 'I bought a small size dress off a
dialog: Injun... If this here is a piece of
dialog: yr chiles dress bring reward. I know
dialog: where they gone... Jerem Futterman.'
text: Martin is on his feet.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (excited)
dialog: Futterman!... He's got a little
dialog: tradin' post on the South Fork o'
dialog: the Brazos... Laurie, I just got to
dialog: get me a good horse! Think yer pa
dialog: would...
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: Finish your breakfast...
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I gotta catch up with him, Laurie!
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: (almost in tears --
dialog: but angry)
dialog: Go on then! Pa's in the barn saddlin'
dialog: the Fort Worth stud... an' you can
dialog: take the light gelding with the
dialog: blaze...
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: But that's Sweet-face -- your own
dialog: good horse.
text: Laurie goes to the front door and throws it wide.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: (hysterically)
dialog: Take it and welcome... but don't
dialog: count on finding me here when you
dialog: get back... I've been dallying around
dialog: this god-forsaken wind-scour almost
dialog: two long years waitin' for you... I
dialog: ain't cut out to be an old maid!
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (miserably)
dialog: I can't help it, Laurie... I just
dialog: gotta catch up with Ethan...
text: He runs out and she slams the door, then rests her head
dialog: against it.
dialog: 113-A
scene_heading: INT. JORGENSEN KEEPING ROOM - FULL SHOT - EARLY MORNING
text: Mrs. Jorgensen quietly enters the room and sees Laurie with
text: head pressed against the door. She wants to offer some word
text: of sympathy, but doesn't know what to say. She crosses to
text: the stove to pour herself a cup of coffee. Then we hear the
text: drum of horses' hooves, the sound of Martin riding away.
text: Laurie flings open the door, almost as though to call him
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: 113-B
scene_heading: EXT. PLAINS COUNTRY AND LAKE BEFORE JORGENSEN HOUSE - EARLY
speaker_heading: MORNING
text: ANGLING from behind Laurie in the doorway as Martin, riding
text: one horse, leading another, goes galloping away.
scene_heading: EXT. FUTTERMAN'S TRADING POST - WIDE ANGLE - DAY
text: Low, squat adobe structure, with a crudely lettered sign-
dialog: board proclaiming it:
scene_heading: 'JEREM. FUTTERMAN, TRADER'
text: There are adjacent outbuildings and corral. Four horses are
text: tied outside, two being pack animals. A surly-looking white
text: man or breed sits in a stool tilted back near the door,
text: whittling with a long-bladed knife, eyeing the horses
text: covetously. He glances aside and glares as a squaw shuffles
text: along bearing a clumsy load of faggots on her bowed back.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Andale! Andale!
text: Fearfully she quickens her step. The man gets up, shoves
text: knife into belt and heads into the post.
scene_heading: INT. FUTTERMAN'S TRADING POST - FULL SHOT - DAY
text: It is a grimy establishment with some dusty trade goods on
text: shelves; a counter which serves as a bar; a few plank tables
dialog: and benches.
text: The breed seen outside enters and crosses to a side table
text: where another mean-looking hombre sits preparing to play a
text: game of solitaire with a deck of limp cards.
text: Ethan and Martin are at a table in the center of the room,
text: examining a dirty, rumpled child's dress -- Debbie's.
text: Martin nods soberly in answer to Ethan's inquiring look;
text: yes, it's hers. Both look up as FUTTERMAN crosses from the
text: bar, carrying a whisky jug and two dirty glasses -- his
text: fingers thrust inside the glasses. Futterman is a squaw man
text: and a killer -- dead eyes in a white face.
speaker_heading: FUTTERMAN
dialog: Drink?
text: He sets the jug down, picks up one of the glasses -- so grey
text: and thumb-printed it is almost opaque. Both Ethan and Martin
text: regard it with disgust. Futterman gives a slight shrug, takes
text: the dress and starts to wipe the dirty glass with it. Martin
text: snatches it out of his hand.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (harshly)
dialog: How'd you come by this?
speaker_heading: FUTTERMAN
dialog: You said there'd be a thousand dollar
dialog: reward.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: That's what I said.
speaker_heading: FUTTERMAN
dialog: You got it with you?
text: Ethan looks at him and beyond toward the two men.
scene_heading: INT. FUTTERMAN'S - CLOSE SHOT - THE TWO PLUG-UGLIES
text: The solitaire player has a card in mid-air -- frozen,
text: watching. The other man has the same buzzard-watchful look.
scene_heading: INT. FUTTERMAN'S - FULL SHOT - THE GROUP AS BEFORE
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Reward'll be paid when I find her --
dialog: an' if she's alive...
text: Futterman uncorks the jug, prepares to drink.
speaker_heading: FUTTERMAN
dialog: Man's got a right to expect some
dialog: kind o' payment... I laid out for
dialog: the dress an' sendin' you the
dialog: writin'...
text: He tilts the jug to his mouth as Ethan reaches for his heavy
text: leather pouch. Futterman watches greedily as Ethan lets a
text: gold piece slide out. He tosses it onto the table.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Twenty Yankee dollars.
text: Futterman puts the jug down. His hand inches -- as though
text: pulled by a magnet -- toward the gold piece.
speaker_heading: FUTTERMAN
dialog: ...an' a man's time is worth
dialog: somethin'...
text: Ethan's big hand clamps over Futterman's and he starts
text: squeezing as a man would squeeze a lemon. Futterman's lips
dialog: whiten.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Talk!
speaker_heading: FUTTERMAN
text: A young buck fetched it in late last
dialog: summer...
dialog: (Ethan eases the grip)
dialog: Said it belonged to a captive chile
dialog: of Chief Scar...
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Scar? Never heard of any Chief Scar.
speaker_heading: FUTTERMAN
dialog: Me neither... But this buck claimed
dialog: he was a big war chief with the
dialog: Nawyecky Comanches.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Keep talking.
speaker_heading: FUTTERMAN
dialog: Scar's band was headin' north... to
dialog: winter in at Fort Wingate... eatin'
dialog: agency beef. That's what this buck
dialog: said... Maybe he lied.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: And maybe you lie...
speaker_heading: FUTTERMAN
dialog: In that case you won't find her --
dialog: and I won't get my thousand dollars.
text: Ethan stands. Martin follows. Martin takes the dress and
text: folds it carefully.
speaker_heading: FUTTERMAN
dialog: (too casually)
dialog: Stay the night if you want...
dialog: (Ethan shakes his
dialog: head)
dialog: Cards?... A jug?... If you'd like
dialog: some company, we got a few squaws on
dialog: the place...
text: Ethan and Martin head for the door.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: No thanks.
text: The two plug-uglies stand -- mean ready to do their master's
dialog: bidding.
speaker_heading: FUTTERMAN
dialog: Don't forget to come back with my
dialog: thousand dollars.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Ain't yours yet.
text: They leave. The CAMERA holds on Futterman as he slowly rubs
text: his bruised hand. His henchmen drift toward him.
speaker_heading: FUTTERMAN
dialog: (slight smile)
dialog: Bad manners... He shoulda said 'good-
dialog: bye.'
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HILLY COUNTRY - MED. SHOT - ETHAN - NIGHT
text: They have set up camp near a cluster of cottonwoods to which
text: the horses have been tied. One of the horses is restless,
text: possibly nickering. Ethan strokes its neck, looking out
text: thoughtfully into the night -- listening.
speaker_heading: MARTIN'S VOICE
dialog: Acts like somethin's out there.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (heading toward
dialog: campfire)
dialog: Smells a change in the weather...
text: CAMERA PANS him to where Martin is spreading his blanket
text: some little distance from the small fire.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Wouldn't surprise me if we didn't
dialog: have a frost 'fore mornin'... Here...
text: (he picks up a saddle
dialog: and puts it close to
dialog: fire)
dialog: Whyn't you bed down closer to the
dialog: fire, boy?
text: Martin is a bit surprised as Ethan takes the blanket and
text: spreads it near the saddle -- making the saddle serve as a
text: pillow. Then Ethan tosses a few more heavy pieces of dry
text: wood on the fire, making it blaze up.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Hey! What's the idea...?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Maybe I'm gettin' like Mose Harper --
dialog: my bones is cold tonight...
text: He spreads his own blanket as Martin wraps into his bedroll,
text: and when Martin turns, he casually arranges the blanket to
text: suggest it is over the figure of a man. During this:
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Funny... When we passed through Fort
dialog: Wingate last winter, we didn't hear
dialog: mention of any Nawyecky Comanche
dialog: there...
text: Ethan steps back -- and studies the "dummy."
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Not so funny... if you recollect
dialog: what 'Nawyecka' means...
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: What's that?
text: Ethan studies Martin's back -- the light on him -- and looks
text: around figuring the range of fire.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Sorta like 'roundabout' -- like a
dialog: man says he's goin' one place when
dialog: he means to go just the reverse...
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (drowsily)
dialog: Oh...
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: You all settled an' comfortable now?
text: Martin just grunts and snugs deeper into his blanket. Ethan
text: nods his satisfaction -- sure Martin isn't going to change
text: positions. Then he takes off his hat and boots and uses them
text: to complete the dummy. He picks up his rifle then and quietly
text: walks out of the camp.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HILLY COUNTRY - A RAVINE OR ARROYO - FULL SHOT - THREE
speaker_heading: MEN - NIGHT
text: Three shadowy figures -- Futterman and his two henchmen --
text: are quietly dismounting, taking rifles from saddle scabbards.
text: At a hand signal from Futterman, they quietly fan out afoot.
scene_heading: EXT. NIGHT CAMP - MED. CLOSE SHOT - MARTIN
text: still snug in his blankets, sound asleep; the fire burning a
text: little lower but still shedding plenty of light on him.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLY COUNTRY - FULL SHOT - FROM BEHIND FUTTERMAN AND
speaker_heading: HIS HENCHMEN
text: At a crouch or crawling, the three worm their way among some
text: rocks until they reach a slight rise looking down into the
text: camp. Martin is asleep and next to him is Ethan's dummy, hat
text: over its face, and the fire still burning. The two henchmen
text: snake their rifles up to a firing position. A shot cracks...
text: and one man is knocked flat on his face.
text: The other whirls in the direction of the shot, his rifle
text: swinging in search of a target. A second shot splits the
text: night and the breed falls as though hit by a giant fist...
text: Martin is sitting up now, staring wildly around. Futterman
text: starts to run down-slope, away from the hidden marksman,
text: dodging between the rocks. A third shot catches him in the
text: back and he spins and falls and rolls down the slope into
text: the firepit camp area. Martin is on his feet now.
scene_heading: EXT. NIGHT CAMP - FULL SHOT - MARTIN
text: He is staring at Futterman, face down and almost at his feet.
text: He looks around in fear at someone approaching -- hand going
text: to his gun. Then he relaxes as Ethan casually enters the
text: camp, bareheaded, carrying his rifle.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Thanks... you did just fine...
text: Ethan kneels beside Futterman, turns him over, reaches into
text: his pockets -- first one, then another.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (dazed)
dialog: Futterman?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: He just couldn't wait...
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (watching him go
dialog: through pockets)
dialog: Whatchu doin'?...
text: Ethan grins satisfiedly as he straightens and spins the gold
text: piece in the air, catches it and pockets it.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Even got my twenty dollars back...
dialog: We did all right.
text: And now Martin is getting the whole picture... and he's mad.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: WE?... You just used me for bait --
dialog: staked me out like a... buildin' up
dialog: the fire... fixin' it so's... I coulda
dialog: had my brains blowed out!
text: Ethan is just grinning at him -- completely unruffled, denying
dialog: none of it.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (explosively)
dialog: Suppose you'd missed!
text: Ethan sobers a little, seems honestly surprised.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Never occurred to me...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE JORGENSEN HOME - WIDE ANGLE - DAY
text: It is a day in early winter. Charlie MacCorry, short-coated,
text: is galloping across the yard as Jorgensen crosses it --
text: carrying a load of firewood.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (calling it)
dialog: Howdy, Mister Jorgensen...
speaker_heading: JORGENSEN
dialog: Charlie...
text: MacCorry swings off his saddle near the porch, as the door
text: opens and Mrs. Jorgensen comes out -- shawled against the
dialog: cold.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Got a letter here...
text: Jorgensen lets the cordwood drop...
speaker_heading: JORGENSEN
dialog: By golly! A letter?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: For Miss Laurie...
scene_heading: MRS. JORGENSEN
dialog: Come in, Charlie, come in...
dialog: (calling inside)
dialog: LAURIE!... My land!... Two letters
dialog: in the one year!...
scene_heading: INT. JORGENSEN KEEPING ROOM - FULL SHOT
text: as Charlie enters, following Mrs. Jorgensen. Jorgensen
text: excitedly enters and closes the door. Laurie comes in from
text: another room. Charlie smiles and bows clumsily.
scene_heading: MRS. JORGENSEN
dialog: (to Laurie)
dialog: A letter for you, Laurie...
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Yes'm... Figgered it might be the
dialog: news you been waitin' for... so...
text: He hands the letter to Laurie who comes over eagerly, takes
text: it and studies the wrapper before opening it.
scene_heading: MRS. JORGENSEN
dialog: Real good o' you to ride all the way
dialog: over, Charlie... Might at least say
dialog: your thank you's, Laurie... Declare!
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: No need to...
dialog: But Laurie has no interest in anything but the letter which
text: she is reading skimmingly.
scene_heading: MRS. JORGENSEN
dialog: Well?
speaker_heading: JORGENSEN
dialog: (expectantly)
dialog: Yah?
scene_heading: MRS. JORGENSEN
dialog: Laurie! Don't keep a body just
dialog: standin'!
text: Laurie looks up then.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: (impatiently)
dialog: I was just readin' to see if...
dialog: Anyway, it's MY letter!
scene_heading: MRS. JORGENSEN
dialog: (agreeably)
dialog: 'Course it is. Now let's all get
dialog: comfortable an' set so's we can listen
text: while Laurie reads her letter...
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (turning as if to go)
dialog: Maybe I'd better be goin'...
speaker_heading: JORGENSEN
dialog: You stay, Charlie... After all,
dialog: Charlie brought the letter, Laurie...
dialog: He got a right to listen too!
text: Mrs. Jorgensen has been pulling and pushing chairs around
text: and now they all take places. Jorgensen automatically reaches
text: for his glasses on the mantel and puts them on -- even though
text: he isn't going to read the letter. Laurie has been sneaking
text: looks at some of the other pages.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: (surrendering)
dialog: Oh, all right! Well... Martin says...
speaker_heading: JORGENSEN
dialog: From the beginning...
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: 'Dear Miss Laury'... He spells it
text: with a Y instead of an I... E...
dialog: Wouldn't you think he'd know...
speaker_heading: JORGENSEN
dialog: Who cares what he spells it? Read
dialog: the letter.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: Dear Miss Laury... I take pen in
dialog: hand to let you know Ethan and me
text: still are trying to catch up with
dialog: them Comanches the late Mister
dialog: Futterman told us about...
text: She breaks off, looks up -- puzzled.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: The late Mister Futterman?
speaker_heading: JORGENSEN
dialog: That means Mister Futterman is dead,
dialog: by golly.
scene_heading: MRS. JORGENSEN
dialog: Wonder what happened to the poor
dialog: man. Go on, Laurie.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: (resuming the letter)
dialog: We cut north through Indian territory
dialog: and...
dialog: (her voice fades)
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. OPEN COUNTRY - LATE SUMMER OR FALL - ETHAN AND MARTIN
speaker_heading: (SILENT)
text: leading their pack animals. Martin's voice picks up the
dialog: narration.
speaker_heading: MARTIN'S VOICE
dialog: Soon we was meeting up with Kiowas
dialog: an' Wichitas an' even some Comanches
text: camped by one of the agencies...
speaker_heading: WIPE TO:
scene_heading: WIDE ANGLE - A COMANCHE ENCAMPMENT - ETHAN AND MARTIN - DAY
speaker_heading: FALL WEATHER (SILENT)
text: The camp is on the outskirts of a trading post. Indians watch
text: unsmilingly from tepees, or in little clusters afoot; a few
text: mounted braves ride on parallel courses as Ethan and Martin
text: ride through camp toward the post.
speaker_heading: MARTIN'S VOICE
dialog: But none of them was Nawyecky's nor
dialog: claimed to know a war chief named
dialog: Scar... He's the one the late Mister
dialog: Futterman said had Debbie...
speaker_heading: WIPE TO:
scene_heading: INT. APPLEBY'S TRADING POST - MED. SHOT (SILENT) - DAY
text: This trading post is in marked contrast to Futterman's --
text: being well-stocked, clean and presided over by HIRAM APPLEBY,
text: a resolute, clean-looking man of middle years.
text: Ethan and Martin -- in winter garb -- are being shown a
text: variety of trade goods, including a shoebox full of ornate
dialog: ribbon rosettes, such as are awarded animals at stock fairs.
text: Appleby is solemnly affirming the trade value of these, as
dialog: well as sleeve garters, etc.
speaker_heading: MARTIN'S VOICE
dialog: At one o' the agencies we outfitted
dialog: with all kind an' manner of trade
dialog: goods... figgerin' that'd make it
dialog: easier for us to come an' go... You'd
dialog: laugh if I told you what was our
dialog: biggest seller...
speaker_heading: WIPE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. INDIAN ENCAMPMENT - MED. CLOSE SHOT - ETHAN AND FAT
scene_heading: INDIAN - EARLY WINTER OR FALL DAY
text: Ethan is ceremoniously pinning something on the stern-faced
text: buck. It is one of the rosettes seen in the shoebox.
text: CAMERA MOVES to an extreme CLOSEUP of the rosette. On it, in
dialog: gold letters, is:
speaker_heading: FIRST AWARD
speaker_heading: LARD TYPE HOG
scene_heading: EXT. INDIAN ENCAMPMENT - FULL SHOT - EARLY FALL OR WINTER
speaker_heading: DAY
text: As the Indian proudly steps back, we see beyond him a half
text: dozen other braves -- all rosetted. Ethan looks them over
text: complacently while Martin -- to hide the smile that threatens
text: to split his face -- bends to pick up a huge bundle of furs.
speaker_heading: WIPE TO:
scene_heading: INT. JORGENSEN KEEPING ROOM - FULL SHOT - THE GROUP
speaker_heading: FAVORING LAURIE
text: reading the letter. She is at the bottom of a page.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: 'There is one other thing I got to
dialog: tell you before you hear it from
dialog: Ethan... How I got myself a wife'...
text: She stops and stares.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
speaker_heading: A WIFE?
text: She looks at them - dazed.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (delightedly)
dialog: He did?
speaker_heading: JORGENSEN
dialog: (smacking his knee --
dialog: very happy indeed)
dialog: Good! A young man should get married
dialog: early in life. Right, mama?
text: Mrs. Jorgensen, full of sympathy for Laurie, just glares at
dialog: her husband.
speaker_heading: JORGENSEN
dialog: Every young man should at least
dialog: once...Go on, Laurie! Read!
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: (haltingly)
dialog: A little Comanche squaw - SQUAW!
text: And with that she crumples the letter and throws it into the
dialog: fire.
scene_heading: MRS. JORGENSEN
dialog: (aghast)
dialog: Laurie!
text: Jorgensen is out of his chair and scrambling in the fireplace
text: to recover the letter. He fetches it out, beating the sparks
text: out. The letter is basically undamaged.
speaker_heading: JORGENSEN
dialog: (sternly)
dialog: Is no way to treat a letter, Laurie
dialog: ...Mama maybe you better read it...
dialog: (to Charlie, proudly)
dialog: My wife was a school teacher, Charlie
dialog: ...She reads good.
text: Laurie snatches the letter back.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: I'll read it...
text: Charlie crosses the room, picks up a guitar.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (smugly)
dialog: So he married a Comanche squaw...
dialog: Haw haw haw!
text: Laurie glares at him. He begins chording the guitar.
speaker_heading: WIPE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. INDIAN ENCAMPMENT - MED. CLOSE SHOT - MARTIN AND "LOOK" -
scene_heading: FALL OR EARLY WINTER - DAY
text: "LOOK" is somewhat under five feet tall, pigeon-toed, platter-
text: faced and wide-eyed. Over her arm is a very handsome blanket.
text: She is coming forward shyly toward Martin, propelled by a
text: Comanche -- her father. Martin, with an armful of trade goods --
text: a few yards of bright calico, a couple of AGED SOW rosettes
text: and some trinkets -- is indicating the blanket. Look glances
text: shyly at her father.
text: He shakes his head negatively. Look is disappointed.
text: The father points to Martin's pile of trade goods. Martin
text: bends and picks up the indicated object: it is a battered
text: high-crowned beaver hat. The Indian grunts his approval and
text: puts it on. Look looks relieved. Martin reaches for the
text: blanket. Look takes a quick step backward and holds up one
text: finger: wait! Then she runs back through the other Comanches
text: now crowding forward.
scene_heading: EXT. INDIAN ENCAMPMENT - ANOTHER ANGLE - FULL SHOT -
speaker_heading: INCLUDING ETHAN
text: who rides in slowly, leading their pack horse and Martin's
dialog: horse.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Let's go... I think I stumbled onto
dialog: somethin'...
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (eagerly)
dialog: Scar?
text: The name registers with some of the nearer braves. There is
text: a quick interchange of glances, frowning, hostile.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: When are you goin' to learn to keep
dialog: your mouth shut! Come on. Let's get
dialog: out of here.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: But I just bought a good blanket.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (curtly)
dialog: Forget it...
text: Martin mounts and the two ride out. The Comanches stare after
text: them suspiciously, resentfully.
scene_heading: EXT. OPEN COUNTRY - FULL SHOT - ETHAN AND MARTIN - MOVING
scene_heading: SHOT - EARLY WINTER DAY
dialog: They are riding down a slight grade beyond which (we can
dialog: assume) is the Comanche camp.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: What I heard back there was that a
dialog: band o' hostile Nawyeckas came through
dialog: this way less'n two weeks ago...
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (excitedly)
dialog: Think it might be...?
text: He breaks and both turn as Look rides over the hill on a
text: little spotted Indian pony, with her squaw-bag slung up behind
text: her and her blanket over the saddle. She closes the gap
dialog: between them.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: What's she followin' for?
text: Look smiles shyly at Martin.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Look, I changed my mind... You can
dialog: keep your blanket.
text: He gestures for her to go back.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Go on back...
text: She stares and then dutifully wheels her horse. Martin and
text: Ethan face front again. Look wheels her horse again and is
text: right with them. Martin stops - exasperated.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Look... you don't understand...
dialog: (he waves her away)
dialog: I don't want it.
dialog: Look just sits.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (explosively)
dialog: YOU don't understand, ya chunkhead!
dialog: You didn't buy any blanket! Ya bought
dialog: her!
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (aghast)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: You got yourself a wife, sonny!
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (a wail)
dialog: Oh no! Tell her she's got to go
dialog: back...
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: And have her whole family after our
dialog: scalps for floutin' one o' their
dialog: women?... No sir! Come on, Mrs.
dialog: Pauley...
text: Look smiles and sets her horse in motion as Ethan moves ahead.
text: Martin's face is a mask of comic despair as he gives up. He
dialog: is mouthing the words --
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Mrs... Pauley?
text: And Ethan suddenly breaks into song; to the tune of "Skip To
dialog: My Lou:"
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (singing)
dialog: I got another gal purtier'n you. I
dialog: got another gal purtier'n you. I
dialog: got another gal purtier'n you. Skip
dialog: to my Lou, my darlin'.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. NIGHT CAMP - OPEN COUNTRY - CLOSE SHOT - ETHAN - NIGHT
text: Ethan is wrapped in his blanket roll, head propped by an
text: elbow, grinning sardonically as he watches a strange ritual
text: in the camp. The score is softly reprising "Skip to my Lou."
scene_heading: EXT. NIGHT CAMP - FULL SHOT - PAST ETHAN - NIGHT
text: Look is standing with her blanket folded over one arm, her
text: head shyly downcast, not far from where Martin (back to her)
text: is spreading his own bed roll. He sits on it then and begins
text: pulling off his boots. He is very conscious of Ethan's
text: watchful scrutiny. Finally he is ready. He lies back on his
text: blanket. At once Look is at his side to spread her own
text: blanket. Martin sits bolt upright and tugs his blanket free
text: and wraps it protectively around him. She stares at him,
dialog: puzzled.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Water!...
dialog: (in Comanche)
dialog: Pah!
text: She nods her understanding, hurries off to fetch a canteen.
text: Martin glares at Ethan.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: That's the way to train 'em. Looks
dialog: like Mrs. Pauley's goin' to make you
dialog: a fine beautiful wife...
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Cut it out, will ya...
text: Look returns with the canteen, hands it to Martin and kneels
text: beside him. He looks at her sympathetically.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Look... I wish I could explain to
dialog: you.
text: And now Look speaks for the first time. She indicates herself.
speaker_heading: LOOK
dialog: Look?...
text: Now she jabbers in Comanche and, at the appropriate time,
text: will point to the sky and imitate a bird flying.
speaker_heading: LOOK
dialog: Nay tzare T'sala-ta-komal-ta-name...
dialog: unt kang-yah Look.
dialog: (which means)
dialog: (My father calls me Wild Goose Flying
dialog: in the Night Sky... but you call me
dialog: 'Look').
text: Martin looks blank, but Ethan chuckles.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Says her name's Wild Goose Flying in
dialog: the Night Sky... but she'll answer
dialog: to Look since it pleases ya...
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (blankly)
dialog: Look?
text: She nods and smiles and quickly settles alongside him and
text: spreads her blanket over them both. Martin recoils, plants
text: his foot in the small of her back and sends her sprawling.
text: Ethan busts a gut laughing. Martin jumps to his feet, angrily.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (hotly)
dialog: I don't think it's so funny... If
dialog: you want to do some good, whyn't you
dialog: ask her where Scar is?
text: Ethan stares at the girl. Her face is suddenly impassive as
text: she looks from Martin to the ground.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (grimly)
dialog: She heard ya-all right... An' she
dialog: knows...
text: He gets to his feet and he crosses to stand before her. So
dialog: does Martin.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Unt osupanet cah-nay Scar?
dialog: (meaning)
dialog: (You know where Scar
dialog: is?)
text: She stares sullenly, not answering.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: You ask her!
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Look!
dialog: (she faces him)
dialog: Scar?...
dialog: (sign talk)
dialog: Do you know where he went? And if he
dialog: has a girl with him... a white girl --
dialog: nai-bist pabo taibo...
text: She stands... She indicates Martin. She indicates herself.
speaker_heading: LOOK
dialog: Mah nee-koo-ur?
dialog: (meaning)
dialog: (Your woman?)
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (shaking head)
dialog: No... not my wife... My...
dialog: (to Ethan)
dialog: How do you say sister?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (in Comanche)
dialog: Nami.
text: She looks gravely from Ethan to Martin. Then, with impassive
text: face, she bends swiftly, picks up her blanket and walks away
text: from them to choose her own sleeping place. The two men don't
dialog: know what to make of it.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CAMP - OPEN COUNTRY - FULL SHOT - ETHAN AND MARTIN -
speaker_heading: MORNING
text: It is the same scene the following morning. The men are
text: standing above where Look had bedded for the night, looking
text: at the ground. Clearly marked on the hard ground is a crudely
text: drawn arrow.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Beats me how she could get that pony
dialog: out o' camp without neither of us
dialog: hearin' a thing...
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: She ain't goin' back to her family,
dialog: that's certain... not if she took
text: off where the arrow points.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Think she means for us to follow?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: How should I know... She's YOUR wife!
text: He walks toward their horses, starts to saddle up.
text: Martin follows.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I think maybe we oughta...
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (hiding a grin)
dialog: Yeah, I kinda figgered you'd say
dialog: that... Bein' a new husband and all...
text: And Ethan starts singing "Skip to My Lou" half under his
text: breath. Martin gives him a sour side-glance and continues
dialog: saddling.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. JORGENSEN HOME - GROUP AS BEFORE - LAURIE READING - DAY
text: Mrs. Jorgensen is bringing a lighted lamp over to the table
text: where Laurie is reading against the fading light of day.
text: Jorgensen's pipe has gone out and he lights it.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: Maybe she left other signs for us to
dialog: follow but we'll never know -- 'cause
dialog: it snowed all day and all the next
dialog: week... We were heading north, through
dialog: the buffalo country when something
dialog: happened that I ain't got straight
dialog: in my own mind yet...
dialog: (her voice fades)
dialog: 137-A
scene_heading: EXT. SNOW COUNTRY - WIDE ANGLE SHOT - TWO RIDERS (COLORADO
speaker_heading: FOOTAGE)
text: The two men are picking their way through a snow-mantled
text: grove. Martin's voice resumes the narration.
speaker_heading: MARTIN'S VOICE
dialog: Ethan's always been throwing it up
dialog: to me that I'm a quarter-breed... I
dialog: never figgered it made much
dialog: difference...
speaker_heading: 137-B
scene_heading: EXT. BUFFALO HERD - WIDE ANGLE SHOT - DAY (COLO. FOOTAGE)
speaker_heading: MARTIN'S VOICE
dialog: But this day we came on a small herd.
dialog: We needed some meat so we circled
dialog: 'round...
speaker_heading: 137-C
scene_heading: EXT. THE HERD - ANOTHER ANGLE (COLO. FOOTAGE)
speaker_heading: MARTIN'S VOICE
dialog: ...and came up on 'em afoot... They
dialog: hadn't been hunted, so it was no
dialog: trick workin' in close.
speaker_heading: 137-D
scene_heading: EXT. THE HERD - MARTIN AND ETHAN - DAY (COLO. FOOTAGE)
text: The two men walk from behind CAMERA. Ethan aims, fires and
text: brings down a bull.
speaker_heading: MARTIN'S VOICE
dialog: Ethan got a nice one on his first
text: shot, but then he began killing one
dialog: after another -- cows as well as
dialog: bulls -- fast as he could fire and
dialog: load... It was just a slaughter...
dialog: no sense to it...
speaker_heading: 137-E
scene_heading: EXT. THE HERD BEGINNING TO RUN (COLO. FOOTAGE)
text: Shots cracking out -- the terrified bawling of the bulls --
text: the beginning of the stampede.
speaker_heading: 137-F
scene_heading: EXT. MED. CLOSE SHOT - ETHAN AND MARTIN (PROCESS)
text: Martin strides across to where Ethan is firing.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Ethan, quit it!
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (firing again)
dialog: Nine...
dialog: (another shot)
dialog: Ten!
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: What's the sense in it!
text: Ethan turns and swings a backhand blow which catches Martin
text: by surprise and fells him.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (in a fury)
dialog: Hunger! -- Empty bellies! That's the
dialog: sense in it, you Cherokee!...
text: He swings up his gun and fires again -- and again... as Martin
text: stares at him from the ground.
speaker_heading: 137-G
scene_heading: EXT. THE HERD - LONG SHOT - THE STAMPEDE (COLO. FOOTAGE)
text: Fear-maddened animals are swinging into full stampede fleeing
text: the deadly marksman. Rifle shots keep cracking out.
speaker_heading: 137-H
scene_heading: EXT. MED. CLOSE SHOT - ETHAN AND MARTIN AS BEFORE (PROCESS)
text: The thunder of the hooves is receding and Ethan grimly lowers
text: his rifle. Martin picks himself up -- still staring at Ethan
text: as though at a madman. Ethan turns and looks at him.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Least, THEY won't feed any Comanches
dialog: this winter... Killin' buffalo's as
dialog: good as killin' Injuns in this
dialog: country.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Peaceful tribes depend on the buffalo,
dialog: too....
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Ain't that too bad... If you feel
dialog: that sorry for your kinfolk, I'm
dialog: surprised you didn't take up with
dialog: that squaw wife of yours...
text: He whips out his shinning knife and strides toward the dead
text: buffalo o.s. Martin looks after him with troubled expression.
text: Suddenly he hears something, borne faint by the wind.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
speaker_heading: ETHAN!
text: Ethan turns. Now faintly, little more than a shred of sound,
text: is the distant blowing of a bugle.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Listen!... Hear it?... There! Ain't
dialog: that a bugle... and firing?
text: Ethan stares -- and then the bugle sound repeats and the
text: distant crack of shots, from long miles off.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (grimly)
dialog: Just hope we ain't too late...
text: And the two break and run for their horses.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. A RIVER - WIDE ANGLE - CAVALRY CROSSING WITH PRISONERS -
speaker_heading: DAY
speaker_heading: MARTIN'S VOICE
dialog: (as narrator)
dialog: It was all over long before we got
dialog: there and the soldiers was high-
dialog: tailin' it back to the agency with
dialog: their prisoners -- squaws mostly --
dialog: by the time Ethan and me reached the
dialog: camp...
scene_heading: EXT. SNOW SLOPE - WIDE ANGLE - ETHAN AND MARTIN
text: Horses and riders plunge downslope through breast-high snow.
speaker_heading: MARTIN'S VOICE
dialog: It was the Nawyecky Comanches all
dialog: right -- the ones we'd been looking
dialog: for all this time...
scene_heading: EXT. BURNING INDIAN VILLAGE - WIDE ANGLE - ETHAN AND MARTIN -
speaker_heading: DAY
text: as they ride in, passing dead horses, a few bodies of men.
speaker_heading: MARTIN'S VOICE
dialog: Trouble of it was that the soldiers
dialog: had hit when most of the fightin'
dialog: men was away -- huntin' maybe... So
dialog: most of the dead was old men and
dialog: women an' kids... And it was in one
dialog: of the tepees Ethan found her -- the
dialog: little squaw who wanted me to call
dialog: her Look...
text: Ethan has dismounted in front of one of the tepees, heads
dialog: inside.
scene_heading: INT. TEPEE - FULL SHOT - DAY
text: as Ethan enters. A body -- Look's -- is sprawled on the
text: ground. He crosses, turns her over. Martin enters behind
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Well, you're a widower now...
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: What'd the soldiers have to kill her
dialog: for!...
text: He sees something clutched in her hand. He stoops quickly.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Ethan!
text: Ethan, who has turned indifferently to leave, pauses.
text: Martin shows him what Look had been clutching -- Debbie's
dialog: rag doll.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Look! It's hers, Debbie's...
text: Ethan snatches it, stares at it. Then he turns and runs from
text: the tepee. Martin stares at Look's body, then covers it with
text: a robe.
speaker_heading: MARTIN'S VOICE
dialog: So we knew Debbie had been in the
dialog: village... What Look was doing there --
dialog: whether she'd come to warn them, or
dialog: maybe to find Debbie for me... there's
dialog: no way of knowing...
text: He turns and then slowly heads out.
scene_heading: EXT. THE TEPEE - ETHAN AND MARTIN
text: Ethan stands there, his expression bleak, looking at the
text: scene. Martin joins him.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: We gotta catch up with them yellow
dialog: legs... Maybe they got her with them.
text: Ethan isn't thinking of that at all.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (harshly)
dialog: And maybe they got Scar!
text: They start away -- fast.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SNOW COUNTRY - WIDE ANGLE - THE CAVALRY AND PRISONERS -
speaker_heading: DAY
text: A long line stretching across the landscape -- women falling
text: and being prodded along by their captors. From behind CAMERA
text: ride Ethan and Martin and move to intercept the column.
scene_heading: EXT. THE COLUMN - FULL SHOT - DAY
text: as Ethan and Martin come closer and look at the shawled
text: prisoners stumbling along.
scene_heading: EXT. OPEN COUNTRY - FULL SHOT - ETHAN AND MARTIN - DAY
text: as a young OFFICER spurs out of the column and rides toward
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: (inquiringly)
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: We're looking for a girl -- a white
dialog: girl...
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: She'd be about thirteen now...
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: We got two around that age...
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (eagerly)
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: You'll have to wait until we reach
dialog: the agency... Fall in behind the
dialog: column...
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (protestingly)
dialog: But couldn't you...?
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: Sorry...
dialog: (shouting it)
dialog: Keep the column moving!... Close
dialog: ranks there!
text: The officer spurs out to rejoin the column. Martin looks at
text: Ethan, his face alive with hope. But Ethan is just looking
text: stonily along the line of passing prisoners.
speaker_heading: WIPE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE NOKONI AGENCY - WIDE ANGLE - DAY
text: The column of cavalry and prisoners enters the agency
text: (COLORADO FOOTAGE). We see the dead and wounded on travois;
text: the agency Indians watching stoically; the prisoners -- some
text: of them -- being herded into a chapel.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE OF NOKONI AGENCY - FULL SHOT - DAY
text: The office has been set up as a temporary army headquarters.
text: The GENERAL is being interviewed by two Eastern newspaper
text: CORRESPONDENTS. At a table beyond is a telegrapher, sending
text: out a report of the victory.
text: A pot-bellied stove supplies heat and the General is warming
text: his hands at it, intermittently. An adjutant is rather wearily
text: filling out a long official form.
text: The General, for all his mudded boots remains a beau sabreur
text: and is loosely modeled upon a certain other well-known glory
text: hunter of the Indian wars. He wears a colonel's straps, but
text: insists upon his brevet rank.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: And it was clear to me the hostiles
dialog: outnumbered us four to one... with
dialog: all the advantage of terrain...
speaker_heading: CORRESPONDENT
dialog: Four to one! What did you do, general?
text: Ethan and Martin enter, stand in the doorway.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: (impressively)
dialog: Sir -- we charged!... Gentlemen --
dialog: and I hope you will quote me -- I
dialog: cannot say too much for the courage
dialog: of the men who followed me into that
dialog: Cheyenne camp...
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (blurting it)
dialog: Cheyenne! What Cheyenne?
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: (turning and staring)
dialog: I beg your pardon?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: That camp you hit was Nawyecka
dialog: Comanche... Chief Scar's bunch...
speaker_heading: CORRESPONDENT
dialog: (fascinated)
dialog: Scar? What a wonderful name!...
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: (to his aide)
dialog: Are you getting this, Keefer?
speaker_heading: CORRESPONDENT
dialog: (to Ethan)
dialog: How do you spell that word --
dialog: Nawyecka?
text: Ethan ignores him, still facing the General.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: My name's Edwards... I'm looking for
dialog: my niece... she was in that camp
dialog: when you attacked...
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: (uncertain)
dialog: Well... I know there were some
dialog: captives recovered...
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (bitterly)
dialog: Four of 'em dead... so we were told...
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: (uncomfortably)
dialog: Unfortunately, the hostiles murdered
dialog: them as we developed the village...
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Are you sure they didn't die of
text: carbine shots fired by a bunch o'
dialog: Yank bluebellies so scared they
dialog: couldn't tell the difference between
dialog: a Cheyenne and a Comanche?
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: Keefer!... Put this man under arrest!
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: That'll be the day...
dialog: (scornfully)
dialog: 'As we developed the village'...
dialog: Next time you develop a village, hit
dialog: it where the fightin' men are...
dialog: You won't get any headlines for
dialog: killin' squaws.
text: Keefer coughs.
speaker_heading: KEEFER
dialog: Shall I show him the captives, sir?
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: Just get him out of here!
speaker_heading: KEEFER
dialog: Yes sir...
dialog: (he crosses to Ethan)
dialog: This way...
scene_heading: INT. THE CHAPEL - MED. CLOSE SHOT - ANGLING TO DOOR -
speaker_heading: AFTERNOON
text: The door is opened by a guard and Ethan takes a step into
text: the room -- then stops in manifest shock. Martin
text: is at his heels, eager and expectant. Beyond them stands
text: Keefer, grave and compassionate. There is a keening sound in
text: the room -- almost an animal sound.
scene_heading: INT. THE CHAPEL - REVERSE SHOT - FULL
text: It is a simple log-sided room with plank benches without
text: backs. Up front is a small box-like pulpit, no altar.
text: Across the front of the room, set up either on benches or on
text: boards over saw-horses are four blanket-covered figures --
text: at least two being the bodies of children.
text: Squatting on the floor near them is an elderly white woman
text: with hair hanging loosely down her back and clad in Indian
text: robes. Standing, facing the newcomers, is a woman who may be
text: no more than in her mid-thirties.
text: She is mad -- wild-eyed, frightened, with matted, unbrushed
text: golden hair, torn garments. It is she who has been making
text: the keening sound, the animal moans. Now she crouches at the
text: sight of them and looks desperately for a means of escape.
text: Two girls are asleep, heads together and backs to the door.
text: One has light hair, like Debbie's; the other brown hair. The
text: afternoon sun coming through a high window touches the light
dialog: hair.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Debbie?... DEBBIE?
text: He has seen the light hair and starts crossing the room.
text: Now the madwoman begins her screaming, running from side to
text: side like a trapped animal. Ethan follows Martin into the
text: room, Keefer behind him. Martin comes to a stop, realizing
text: the woman is afraid of him. The two sleeping girls stir, but
dialog: do not turn.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Don't be scared, ma'am...
text: The madwoman crouches behind one of the benches, looking at
text: them with frightened eyes.
speaker_heading: KEEFER
dialog: Just don't pay any attention to her...
text: Martin swallows and nods and crosses to the light-haired
text: girl. He reaches a hand gingerly to touch her shoulder.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Debbie?
text: At the touch, the girl is on her feet, crouching -- one hand,
text: like a claw, drawn back to rake his face. She is unmistakably
text: a white girl, but she is painted like a Comanche woman --her
text: ears red inside, streaks of paint accenting the savagery of
text: her face. Her eyes are frightened, yet full of hate.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Pabo-taibo!
dialog: (White man!)
text: The other girl has risen almost in
dialog: the same instant -- but more out of
text: fear. She is younger, but painted
text: like the other. She moves to stand
text: behind the savage one.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (slowly)
dialog: No... She's not...
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: I ain't sure... Where's that doll?
text: Martin stares at him, then realizes what he has in mind.
text: He fishes the rag doll from under his coat and holds it out
text: to the girl. She looks at it... and we may almost suspect it
text: is rekindling a memory -- but then she spits at it. The other
text: girl laughs. Martin turns away and he's sick.
speaker_heading: KEEFER
dialog: Was your niece about their age?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Not far from it...
speaker_heading: KEEFER
dialog: Hard to realize they're white, isn't
dialog: it...
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (grimly)
dialog: They're not white any more -- they're
dialog: Comanche!... Let's see the bodies...
text: Martin nerves himself for the ordeal, turns to follow.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: I don't need you...
text: Ethan and Keefer move away. As they do, the madwoman -- eyes
text: fixed on the rag doll in Martin's hand -- begins creeping up
text: behind him. Martin is torturedly watching Ethan and Keefer
dialog: as first one blanket then another is raised -- we will never
dialog: see the dead. During this:
speaker_heading: KEEFER
dialog: (the dispassionate
dialog: pro)
dialog: I'd like you to see them all... It
dialog: might help us identify them... Shot
dialog: in the head -- flash-burn range...
dialog: The boy got his skull cracked...
dialog: Here's the girl...
text: Martin stiffens, waiting.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: No...
text: Martin relaxes... and in that instant the madwoman has the
text: doll in her hands. She cradles it and she croons.
text: Martin reaches to take it away. But she calmly sits, cradling
text: the doll, and rocks to and fro, humming a lullaby. He can't
text: take it. Ethan returns.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Well, we only got the one lead --
dialog: Scar... And where we begin to look,
dialog: I don't know...
speaker_heading: KEEFER
dialog: There's one thing. We recovered a
dialog: bushel of trinkets in that camp...
dialog: cheap stuff... trade goods... Couldn't
dialog: help noticing that most of it was
dialog: Mexican... Maybe if you could talk
dialog: to some of those Mexican traders
dialog: along the border... What do they
dialog: call themselves?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Comancheros...
speaker_heading: KEEFER
dialog: That's the breed... Course it might
dialog: take time.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Time's running out... But I'm obliged
dialog: to you.
text: They leave.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. JORGENSEN KEEPING ROOM - FULL SHOT - THE GROUP -
speaker_heading: EVENING
text: Laurie has reached the last page of the letter, reading it
text: by the lamp on the table. Jorgensen is knocking out the dead
text: ashes of his pipe. Charlie is in the shadows, a guitar in
text: his hands -- not playing it, but occasionally softly picking
text: a note or chord. Mrs. Jorgensen is dabbing moist eyes with a
text: corner of her apron.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: ...so we're setting out for New Mexico
dialog: Territory in the morning... I am
dialog: sorry I won't be back for Christmas
dialog: again this year...
text: She swallows hard, pauses a moment in her reading.
scene_heading: MRS. JORGENSEN
dialog: (quick sympathy)
dialog: And you knittin' that muffler...
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: (impatiently)
dialog: What's the difference!
scene_heading: MRS. JORGENSEN
dialog: Well, I just thought it would be a
dialog: sin and a shame not to let SOMEONE
dialog: get some good of it...
text: She looks almost too obviously at Charlie, which annoys
text: Laurie. Laurie resumes her letter reading:
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: (peering closely)
dialog: There's a word crossed out... It
dialog: looks like 'I wish' or 'I will'...
dialog: (she gives up)
dialog: Anyway... 'I set pen aside in the
dialog: hope you are enjoying good health
dialog: and your folks the same... I remain,
dialog: respectfully...
dialog: (forlornly)
dialog: yours truly, Martin Paulie.'
text: That's all there is. Not a cross on it. Laurie just looks at
text: it. Jorgensen stands, pocketing his pipe, easing the crick
text: in his back. He ceremoniously removes the spectacles and
text: replaces them on the mantel.
speaker_heading: JORGENSEN
dialog: They never find that girl.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: (half to herself)
dialog: Yours truly...
dialog: (hotly)
dialog: And he even has to write his full
dialog: name... Martin Pauley... not even
dialog: just Martie!...
dialog: (she stands)
dialog: I don't care if he never comes back!
text: She heads for the front door.
scene_heading: MRS. JORGENSEN
dialog: (rising -- saying it
dialog: without conviction)
dialog: Now, Laurie!...
text: Charlie hits the guitar a little stronger. Mrs. Jorgensen
text: looks at him -- and the matchmaker is at work.
scene_heading: MRS. JORGENSEN
dialog: Charlie, you'll stay for supper?...
dialog: Now I won't take no for an answer.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Thought of saying 'no' never crossed
dialog: my mind, Miz Jorgensen... No place
dialog: I'd rather be than right here, right
dialog: now.
text: Mrs. Jorgensen smiles and moves about her duties. Laurie has
text: opened the door and is staring out wistfully... and Charlie
text: begins playing and singing a verse from "Skip to My Lou."
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (singing)
dialog: One old boot and a button shoe One
dialog: old boot and a button shoe...
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT COUNTRY - WIDE ANGLE - ETHAN AND MARTIN RIDING -
speaker_heading: DAY
text: The search theme is heard again as the two riders, with single
text: pack horse, are heading south through New Mexico.
dialog: It is hot country.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT COUNTRY - CLOSE MOVING SHOT - ETHAN AND MARTIN -
speaker_heading: DAY
text: Their faces are sun-tanned, burned dark and dry. Gone are
text: the heavy coats and clothing of their northern days. They do
text: not speak, just ride -- and there is the same bleak, fanatic,
text: hard look about them both. The music theme segues into
dialog: something livelier and Mexican as we -
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. A MEXICAN VILLAGE - FULL SHOT - ETHAN AND MARTIN - DAY
text: It is a small place -- a single dirt street, a few adobe
text: houses; a few racks of dried meat; a burro with a load of
text: faggots on its back being driven along by a small boy; the
text: music coming from a little cantina in the middle of the
text: street. Before the cantina is a bone rack of a horse, without
text: a saddle -- only a blanket pad. There is something familiar
text: about the horse and Ethan is staring at it as they ride in.
scene_heading: EXT. THE CANTINA - FULL SHOT - DAY
text: The two men dismount, beating dust out of their clothes.
text: Ethan takes another look at the sorry old nag tied outside.
text: Martin pauses beside Ethan.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Recognize it?
text: Martin shakes his head. They start toward the cantina.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: There couldn't be two like that in
dialog: all the world...
scene_heading: INT. THE CANTINA - FULL SHOT - DAY
text: as Ethan and Martin enter. It is a dirt-floored room with a
text: small bar near the door, chairs and benches along the walls.
text: A pair of guitar players are at the far end of the room. A
text: couple of Mexicans are playing a noisy game of dominoes,
text: slapping the dominoes down hard... EMILIO FIGUEROA, back to
text: the door, spurred boots across one of the tables, is sipping
text: a drink. Emilio is a cynical, middle-aged, aristocratic-
text: looking man in modified charro costume. Watching the domino
text: game is ESTRELLA, lithe, sensuous, smoking a brown-paper
text: cigarette; she is barefoot. Behind the bar is the proprietor,
text: dozing on his stool. Ethan takes a step into the room.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (loudly)
dialog: MOSE!.... MOSE HARPER?
text: The proprietor awakens. The domino game is suspended in mid-
text: play. Estrella turns... and from beside Emilio, previously
text: obscured by the man's back and the big charro hat, pokes the
text: head of old Mose. Emilio turns then to look at the newcomers.
speaker_heading: MOSE
dialog: Ay-eh...?
text: He is on his feet and advancing to meet them. As he recognizes
text: them a wide, foolish grin splits his face and his mouth opens
text: and closes in words that won't come out. He grabs and shakes
text: Ethan's arm, then Martin's.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Leggo my arm... You look mangier 'n
dialog: ever.
speaker_heading: MOSE
dialog: Ain't been too good... No sir, not
dialog: too good... Gettin' old, Ethan...
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: You were born old...
speaker_heading: PROPRIETOR
dialog: (all smiles - as they
dialog: head for the bar)
dialog: Bienvenidos, senores... Pulque?...
dialog: tequila?... mescal?... huiskey?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Tequila...
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Lo mismo.
speaker_heading: PROPRIETOR
dialog: (beaming)
dialog: Y' par' el Viejo -- el vino del
dialog: pais... tequila tambien!
text: Martin puts his back to the bar, leans elbows on it and looks
dialog: around.
speaker_heading: 158A
scene_heading: INT. THE CANTINA - ANGLING PAST MARTIN TOWARD ESTRELLA
text: She is giving him an appraising once-over, then signals the
text: musicians to play. She rests her buttocks against a table
text: and waits, her eyes challenging Martin to make a move. Emilio
text: is watching Estrella and Martin with something akin to bored
dialog: amusement.
speaker_heading: 158B
scene_heading: INT. THE CANTINA - ANGLE AT BAR
text: Ethan has poured a drink for Mose, now one for himself --
text: leaving Martin's glass empty.
speaker_heading: MOSE
dialog: I been helpin' ye, Ethan... I been
dialog: lookin' all the time...
text: Martin turns back to the bar to take his glass. He finds it
text: empty.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (to Ethan's back)
dialog: Thanks for nothin'...
text: He angrily throws a coin on the counter, appropriates the
text: bottle and his glass and heads for a table closer to Estrella.
text: Neither Ethan nor Mose seems aware of his going.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Well, the reward still stands...
speaker_heading: MOSE
dialog: Don't want no money, Ethan... jus' a
dialog: place -- a roof over m' head... a
dialog: little grub... a bunk to sleep in...
dialog: an' a rockin' chair by the fire...
dialog: my own rockin' chair by a fire...
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: You help me find her, you got your
dialog: rockin' chair...
speaker_heading: MOSE
dialog: Swear it, Ethan?... Given word?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (impatiently)
dialog: Told ya, didn't I?
speaker_heading: MOSE
dialog: (impressively)
dialog: Ethan... I found a man's seen her...
dialog: knows where little Debbie is!
text: Ethan stares at him. Mose nods his reaffirmation of it.
text: Then Ethan's hand locks on the old man's shoulder.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Who? Where is he... this man?
text: Mose winces under the grip. He can't speak, but he looks
text: past Ethan and he points. Ethan turns. Emilio swings his
text: boots off the table and slowly crosses to them. He lets
text: cigarette smoke curl out of his mouth. Then he smiles.
speaker_heading: EMILIO
dialog: I am this man, senor... Emilio Gabriel
dialog: Fernandez y Figueroa... at your
dialog: service...
dialog: (afterthought)
dialog: ...for a price...
dialog: (he smiles)
dialog: ...Always for a price...
text: As the men study each other, Estrella begins her dance --
text: and the rhythmic click of the castanets will beat like a
text: metronome. Emilio looks at the bottle on the bar, disdainfully
text: pushes it away and imperiously signals the proprietor to
dialog: bring something better.
speaker_heading: EMILIO
dialog: Un otra!
scene_heading: INT. THE CANTINA - ANGLING PAST MARTIN TO ESTRELLA
text: He is knocking off his tequila and looking at the girl
text: hungrily. She is doing her swaying dance, playing up to him
text: and with unmistakable effect. He sloshes another drink into
text: his glass and, never taking his eyes off her, downs it.
scene_heading: INT. THE CANTINA - FULL SHOT - ANOTHER ANGLE - THE DANCE
text: Beyond Estrella we see Ethan, Emilio, and Mose at the bar --
text: gestures, headshakes, the entire pantomime of an inaudible
text: conversation. Then Ethan takes out his pouch and begins
text: dropping gold pieces into Emilio's hand. Meanwhile, dance
text: and dancer are achieving their purpose with Martin. And the
text: tequila is working. He gets to his feet, a little groggily.
text: Estrella's smile deepens and there is a clear invitation in
text: her eyes... Ethan turns then, his deal with Emilio concluded,
text: and he sees what is going on. He starts for Martin's table
text: just as Martin moves out to take the girl.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (tolerantly)
dialog: Come on, Don Juan... We're on our
dialog: way...
text: Martin tries to push him away, his eyes still on the girl.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (thickly)
dialog: Lemme alone...
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (taking his arm)
dialog: You breeds are all alike -- two drinks
dialog: an'...
text: Martin breaks free and squares off.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Take yer hands off'n me... This lady
dialog: an' me got some things to talk over!
text: Estrella ranges herself alongside of Martin and slips an arm
text: possessively through his.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (a shrug)
dialog: Suit yourself... While you're enjoyin'
dialog: your little conversation, I'll be
dialog: ridin' out with Senor Fernandez
dialog: here... The Comanch' medicine country
dialog: ain't far... there's one camp with a
dialog: chief named Cicatriz.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Never heard of him...
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Cicatriz is Mex for Scar... an' he
text: has a white girl in his tepee... Be
dialog: seein' you...
text: He turns and heads out. Emilio, who has come up behind him,
text: gives Estrella a slight smile and bow.
speaker_heading: EMILIO
dialog: Buena suerte, Estrella... Hasta la
dialog: vista.
text: He follows Ethan. Estrella swings her body close to Martin
text: and lets her arms slide around his neck.
speaker_heading: ESTRELLA
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Tu quieres...?
text: Martin blinks to clear away the fog of tequila and desire.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (a bitter laugh)
dialog: Sure... sure... Only not this year...
text: He pulls her arms away and goes lurching after the others.
text: Mose catches his arm.
speaker_heading: MOSE
dialog: 'Mind Ethan 'bout my rockin' chair!
text: Martin continues out and Mose stands there -- his head rockin'
text: as though he already were in his chair.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. (APPROACH TO THE NEEDLES MONUMENT) - A BROAD CANYON -
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - DAY
text: A small pack train (nine or ten horses, six or seven men)
text: winds through a canyon behind which we can see huge needles
text: of rock: majestic, savage country. At the head of the column
text: ride Ethan, Emilio, and Martin. Behind them come Emilio's
text: cargadores -- lean, hard-bitten wiry little Mexicans. One
text: leads a handsome palomino. The SOUND of the CASTANETS ECHOES
text: in the musical theme.
scene_heading: EXT. CANYON - MED. SHOT - HEAD OF COLUMN - MOVING - DAY
text: Ethan is looking around with grim interest.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Medicine country, huh?
speaker_heading: EMILIO
dialog: (slight smile)
dialog: Medicine so strong they believe the
dialog: feather of an eagle found here can
dialog: guard a man against bullets...
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (looking ahead)
dialog: If you got one handy, now's the
dialog: time...
text: Ethan and Emilio both look in the direction of his glance.
scene_heading: EXT. CANYON - FULL SHOT - REVERSE ANGLE - FROM BEHIND RIDERS -
speaker_heading: DAY
text: They are turning a bend and now, ahead, we see a cordon of
text: Comanches -- all armed, all quiet, all very menacing as they
text: watch the approaching column. Emilio calls a greeting in
text: Comanche. It gets no answer.
scene_heading: EXT. CANYON - MOVING SHOT - THE COMANCHE FACES - DAY
text: The CAMERA PICKS UP the faces in turn, as from the white
text: men's viewpoint, as they ride slowly by.
scene_heading: EXT. COMANCHE ENCAMPMENT - FULL SHOT - DAY
text: One tepee stands apart from the other's -- Scar's. Beyond it
text: are other tepees, the gathering of braves and some squaws,
text: the drying racks for meat, etc. Emilio leads the way toward
text: the central tepee. They dismount nearby and Emilio inclines
text: his head toward the one tepee. Ethan and Martin brace
text: themselves and wait. The flap of the tepee is closed.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (gruffly)
dialog: What are we waiting for?
text: Emilio cautions him with a hand gesture.
scene_heading: EXT. THE TEPEE - MED. CLOSE SHOT - DAY
text: The flap is thrust aside and SCAR steps out -- the same
dialog: Comanche we had seen at the grave when Debbie was captured.
text: He stands tall, arrogant, eyeing the white men with hard,
text: implacable eyes. He has a robe gathered about him. Across
text: his face is a scar.
speaker_heading: EMILIO'S VOICE
dialog: Senores! This is Cicatriz!
scene_heading: EXT. INDIAN ENCAMPMENT - CLOSE SHOT - ETHAN AND MARTIN - DAY
text: The white men's eyes are as hard as the Comanche's: this is
text: the man they have long sought, the killer, the raper.
text: They cannot mask the hatred they feel.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (slowly... at last)
dialog: Scar... It's plain to see where you
dialog: got your name.
text: Scar's hand moves to the scar on his face, and a finger runs
dialog: along it.
speaker_heading: SCAR
dialog: Your name - Big Shoulders... His
dialog: name - He Who Follows.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: You speak pretty good American for a
dialog: Comanche... Someone teach you?
text: It is a leading question and Scar knows it. He looks long at
text: Ethan and the suggestion of a smile touches his lips.
text: But he makes no direct answer. He looks instead to Emilio.
speaker_heading: SCAR
dialog: (in Comanche)
dialog: Ah-we pabbo-tie-bo ee-kee-tay?
dialog: (Why did you bring
dialog: the gringos here?)
speaker_heading: EMILIO
dialog: (a shrug -- in Comanche)
dialog: Pabbo-tie-bo kim te-moo-er.
dialog: (The gringos want to
dialog: trade.)
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: That's right... We come to trade...
dialog: Only not out here...
dialog: (with sign language
dialog: accompaniment)
dialog: I don't stand talkin' in the wind.
text: Emilio quickly turns and calls to one of his men. Emilio is
dialog: worried.
speaker_heading: EMILIO
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: Miguel... caballo -- aca!
text: One of the Mexicans comes on the trot, leading in the
text: palomino. Emilio makes a gesture -- giving it to Scar.
speaker_heading: EMILIO
dialog: Co-bay tabitz-chat.
dialog: (meaning)
dialog: (Very fine horse.)
text: Scar looks at it greedily, then nods. He'll accept it.
text: He looks at Ethan. Again that faintly contemptuous smile.
text: He signals them to enter his tepee.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (to Martin)
dialog: Stay out here.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Not likely.
text: He follows Ethan into the tepee... and a worried Emilio goes
dialog: along.
scene_heading: INT. THE TEPEE - FULL SHOT
text: A small fire burns in the center of the lodge and a shaft of
text: sunlight strikes in from the smoke flap at the peak.
text: Two chunky squaws, who have been tending the fire or grinding
text: corn in a rock pestle, scuttle to a side of the tepee. Two
text: others, one half-grown and the other slightly taller, sit
text: with their backs to the fire, huddled over some leather work
text: or stitching. Both are shawled. As Scar enters, he barks a
text: word to the squaws near the fire.
speaker_heading: SCAR
dialog: Pie-kay! (Clear out!)
text: (then he turns to the
dialog: white men)
speaker_heading: IH-CARD!
dialog: (Sit!)
text: He sits on some robes, signs for them to sit opposite.
text: Slowly they look around them.
scene_heading: INT. THE TEPEE - REVERSE ANGLE - AS FROM THEIR VIEWPOINT -
scene_heading: TTE TWO OLDER SQUAWS
text: They are sitting with heads averted, slightly profiled --
text: but clearly Indian women, broad-faced, dark of hair and skin.
speaker_heading: EMILIO'S VOICE
dialog: His sons are dead... So his wives
text: sit on the honor side of his lodge.
scene_heading: INT. THE TEPEE - ANGLING PAST ETHAN TOWARD THE TWO YOUNG
speaker_heading: ONES
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (glancing at them)
dialog: Are those his wives too?
text: One of the squaws turns -- and even in the shadows we see it
text: is another Indian face. The other does not turn.
text: Scar leans in, blocking the view.
speaker_heading: SCAR
dialog: Two sons -- killed by white men...
dialog: For each son, I take many scalps...
dialog: (in Comanche)
dialog: Mayah-kay zee-eh!...
dialog: (Bring the lance!)
text: The slightly smaller of the young squaws stiffens but doesn't
text: move. Scar glares.
speaker_heading: SCAR
dialog: (louder)
scene_heading: MAYAH-KAY ZEE-EH!
text: The girl gets to her feet. Ethan and Martin watch as, still
text: with averted face, she crosses to where a lance hangs from
text: the tepee wall. It has several scalps on it, including one
text: with light red hair. Slowly she carries it back. Scar never
text: takes his eyes from the faces of the white men, savoring
text: every moment of it. The girl extends the lance between them,
text: so that it is like a bare blade separating two duelists.
text: Neither Ethan nor Martin dares at first look at more than
text: the scalp pole... Then slowly their eyes lift... and the
text: CAMERA MOVES IN and RAISES TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE TEPEE - EXTREME CLOSE SHOT - DEBBIE
text: As the shawl slips back to reveal her light hair, the slant
text: green eyes looking at them from a tanned, but still white
text: and very beautiful face. (NOTE TO MUSIC: The SEARCH THEME
dialog: should cover all the foregoing action -- but at the first
text: clear view of DEBBIE, it ends dramatically.)
text: Debbie's eyes hold theirs -- and then Scar's voice is heard:
speaker_heading: SCAR
dialog: (in Comanche)
dialog: Pie-kay!
dialog: (Go!)
text: Swiftly she straightens, takes away the scalp pole and goes
text: back to her former place.
scene_heading: INT. THE TEPEE - MED. CLOSE SHOT - THE GROUP AS BEFORE
text: Scar is watching the white men like a hawk. Martin's eyes
text: are wide and his breathing seems suspended. But Ethan is
text: playing it like a poker player.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (his voice controlled)
dialog: I've seen scalps before...
text: Scar's eyes are mocking. He lets his robe slip back from his
text: shoulders, revealing a bare bronzed chest on which -- glinting
text: in the reflected firelight -- is the medallion that Ethan
text: had given Debbie. It is suspended by a chain or rawhide
text: string. Scar touches it.
speaker_heading: SCAR
dialog: This before?
text: Ethan smiles -- and he's still playing poker. He stands...
text: and the others follow. Scar is puzzled.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (to Emilio)
dialog: I came to trade, not to admire his
dialog: collection... Tell him we're going
dialog: to pitch camp across the crick...
dialog: Maybe we can talk trade tomorrow.
text: Scar hasn't understood all of it. He scowls and looks at
dialog: Emilio.
speaker_heading: SCAR
dialog: (in Comanche)
dialog: Ee-sap! Pabbo-tie-bo ee-sap!
dialog: (He lies! The gringo
dialog: lies!)
speaker_heading: EMILIO
dialog: (placatingly)
dialog: Tomorrow -- manana -- 'puetze.'
text: Scar looks at Ethan and at Martin. He smiles slightly, and
text: he nods his agreement.
speaker_heading: SCAR
dialog: Puetze!
text: Martin and Ethan turn to go. Only then does Debbie look
text: swiftly at them and as swiftly away. Martin can't help but
text: pause, but Ethan prods him toward the tepee flap.
scene_heading: EXT. THE TEPEE - MED. CLOSE SHOT - MOVING - THE THREE MEN
text: They emerge from the tepee and begin to walk away -- not
text: fast, not slow, and without a side glance. Scar emerges and
text: looks after them -- glowering. A few other Comanches begin
text: to gather near his tepee.
speaker_heading: EMILIO
dialog: (urgently)
dialog: Walk with dignity!
dialog: (after a moment; lips
dialog: hardly moving)
dialog: If you gringo heretics have any
dialog: prayers, say them...
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (transfigured)
dialog: She's alive... Can you believe it,
dialog: she's alive... alive... An' we found
dialog: her...
speaker_heading: EMILIO
dialog: (fervently)
dialog: Please!... I, too, am alive... I
dialog: wish to stay that way.
text: They reach the waiting cargadores and the pack train,
text: surrounded by suspicious Comanches.
speaker_heading: EMILIO
dialog: (to his men)
dialog: Vamanos!
text: They mount and ride out.
speaker_heading: WIPE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SAND DUNES NEAR NEEDLES (MONUMENT) - FULL SHOT - LATE
speaker_heading: AFTERNOON
text: Emilio is standing near his horse, talking to Ethan and
dialog: Martin.
speaker_heading: EMILIO
dialog: You understand, senores... It is not
dialog: that I am cobarde... cowardly...
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Don't apologize... You did your job...
text: Emilio nods and mounts.
speaker_heading: EMILIO
dialog: He knows you -- who you are -- and
dialog: why you are here... This I did not
dialog: understand... or I would not... even
dialog: for gold, senores... have led you
dialog: here.
text: He fumbles for a pouch, holds it out to Ethan.
speaker_heading: EMILIO
dialog: Take it. I do not want blood money.
dialog: Vaya con Dios!
text: He digs spurs and rides out. Ethan turns and looks soberly
text: at Martin. We hear the rest of the riders moving away.
text: Ethan and Martin cross the sand and go down slope toward the
text: creek where their horses are waiting.
dialog: 174-A
scene_heading: EXT. SAND CREEK (MONUMENT) - FULL SHOT - THE TWO - DAY
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: You figger Scar means to kill us?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: He's got to... All these years,
dialog: runnin', dodgin', knowin' we were
dialog: after him... Now we caught up...
dialog: It's him or us.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Why didn't he make his move back
dialog: there?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: I don't know... Somethin' tied his
dialog: hands... maybe hospitality...
text: He breaks and both wheel as sand slides from the top of the
text: dunes. They look up.
speaker_heading: 174-B
scene_heading: EXT. SAND DUNE - DAY
text: Debbie is silhouetted atop the dune, looking down at them.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (barely breathing the
dialog: name)
dialog: Debbie...?
text: She slides down the dune to stand across the creek from them.
speaker_heading: 174-C
scene_heading: EXT. SAND CREEK - FULL SHOT - THE THREE - DAY
text: Her hand cautions them to silence and against coming any
dialog: closer.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: (in Comanche)
dialog: Unnt-meah!
dialog: (Go away!)
text: Both men move closer. She takes a
text: frightened step back, as if to run.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Debbie... Don't you remember me? I'm
dialog: Martin.
text: She hesitates. She looks long at him.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: (in Comanche)
dialog: Unnt-meah!
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (softly)
dialog: We ain't goin'! We ain't goin' without
dialog: you, Debbie... Ethan, get the
dialog: horses... I'll try to keep her
dialog: talkin'...
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (harshly)
dialog: How? She's even forgot her own
dialog: language!
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Debbie, you're comin' with us! Hear
dialog: me?
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: No... not now... not ever.
dialog: These have been her first words in English... and they bring
dialog: new hope to Martin.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I don't care what they've done to
dialog: you... what happened...
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: They have done... nothing... They
dialog: are my people...
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Your people? They murdered your
dialog: family!
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: (reverting to Comanche)
dialog: Ee-sap!
dialog: (furiously)
dialog: White men killed them - to steal
dialog: cows! I was... little... I ran away...
dialog: They find me... take care of me.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: No Debbie! That ain't what happened!
dialog: They been lyin' to you...
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: You lie! All white men lie... and
dialog: kill...
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Debbie, think back! I'm Martin...
dialog: remember? Remember how I used to let
dialog: you ride my horse? Tell you stories?
dialog: Don't you remember me, Debbie?
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: I remember... from always... At first
dialog: I prayed to you... come and get me...
dialog: take me home... You didn't come...
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I've come now...
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: These are my people...
dialog: (in Comanche)
dialog: Unnt-meah! Go! Go! Please!
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (grimly)
dialog: Stand aside, boy...
text: Martin turns as Ethan slowly reaches for his gun. It takes
text: Martin a moment to realize what he is about to do.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Ethan -- NO!
text: He moves quickly then to put himself between Ethan and the
text: girl and in that instant there is the crack of a rifle.
text: Ethan is hit in the leg. It goes out from under him. Martin
text: swings and his gun is out and firing.
speaker_heading: 174-D
scene_heading: EXT. SAND CREEK - FULL SHOT - INCLUDING THE DUNES - DAY
text: A mounted Comanche is on the crest of the dune above them --
text: rifle raised. Martin's first shot brings him down the dune
text: in a spectacular horse-and-man fall. Debbie goes running
text: like a deer up the creek, away from Martin; in the same
text: instant we hear the angry yells of distant Comanches charging
text: from the far left. Martin turns to see Debbie running away.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Debbie! WAIT!
text: Ethan is on his feet now and limping frantically toward their
text: horses. He shoves Martin ahead of him.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: Never mind her! MOVE!
text: They mount and take off, just as the vanguard of the attacking
text: Comanches swings around a point of rock and comes charging
text: toward the creek.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT COUNTRY - WIDE ANGLE - LATE AFTERNOON
text: as Ethan and Martin race their horses from the creek area
text: and down a long incline, as -- from the heights above -- a
text: dozen or more Comanches, led by Scar, come tearing after
dialog: them.
dialog: 175-A
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT COUNTRY - MED. CLOSE SHOT - ETHAN - MOVING - DAY
text: Ethan is swaying in his saddle, just barely hanging on, as
text: Martin races up behind him -- driving Ethan's horse along.
text: They swing past a huge outcrop of rock and go tearing along
text: a vaulting wall of stone. Their hoofbeats and those of the
text: pursuers bounce and echo off the canyon walls, and bullets
text: whine and ricochet.
speaker_heading: 175-B
scene_heading: EXT. CANYON COUNTRY - FULL MOVING SHOT - ETHAN AND MARTIN -
speaker_heading: DAY
text: They swing around giant boulders, up-ended like pancakes.
text: Ethan is lurching almost out of the saddle, barely conscious.
text: Martin spots the cave -- ahead -- and drives his mount and
text: Ethan's toward it.
speaker_heading: 175-C
scene_heading: EXT. THE CAVE (MONUMENT) - FULL SHOT - THE TWO - DAY
text: Martin pulls his horse in and swings off just as Ethan slides
text: from his saddle. He runs toward one of the huge boulders,
text: crouches and starts firing.
speaker_heading: 175-D
scene_heading: EXT. CANYON COUNTRY - WIDE ANGLE ON THE COMANCHES - DAY
text: The Comanches are spread out but coming on fast. One goes
text: down under Martin's fire.... another is hit in the arm. He
text: pulls up and the other Comanches wheel away from the hidden
dialog: marksman.
speaker_heading: 175-E
scene_heading: EXT. THE CAVE - FULL SHOT - MARTIN AND ETHAN
text: Martin runs back from his firing post toward where Ethan has
dialog: fallen.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: Go on! Get out of here while you
dialog: can...
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (pointing to the cave)
dialog: Over there!
text: Ethan turns and sees what he means. He starts dragging himself
text: to the cave as Martin grabs the rifles from their saddle
text: scabbards, yanks off the water canteens and then drives their
text: horses away. Then he too runs for the shelter of the cave.
speaker_heading: 175-F
scene_heading: EXT. THE CANYON - ANGLING FROM BEHIND MARTIN AND ETHAN
text: Both men are crouching, rifles ready. In the distance we see
text: their horses running off -- pursued by some yelling Comanches.
text: Four or six others come into sight, heading for the cave --
text: moving cautiously, uncertainly -- not seeing their quarry.
text: Then the white men open fire and the Comanches bend low over
text: their horses' necks and clear out of there. Ethan looks grimly
dialog: at Martin.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: They'll be back...
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: We won't be here... Come on!
text: He gets an arm under Ethan and hauls him to his feet.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: 175-G
scene_heading: EXT. THE GAP IN THE CLIFF - PANNING SHOT - SUNSET
text: CAMERA PANS from the top of the rock chimney to where Martin
text: is snaking his way through, carrying newly-filled water
text: canteens. He stands there, listening and looking back the
text: way he has come; and then, satisfied there has been no
text: pursuit, he continues away.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. THE CAVE - MED. SHOT - ETHAN - HALF-LIGHT
text: Ethan is lying on the hard earth, perhaps cushioned with
text: some boughs. He is half delirious. A small fire is burning.
text: Martin enters carrying the canteens. He looks
text: unsympathetically toward Ethan, then continues to the fire,
text: takes a knife and starts to sterilize it. Ethan gasps, mumbles
text: and then a word comes clear.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Martha... Martha!
text: Martin stares at him -- and now, perhaps for the first time,
text: he is fitting pieces into the jig-saw puzzle. He shifts closer
text: to Ethan and we see he is preparing to dig out the bullet.
text: Ethan opens his eyes and looks at him.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I gotta open that leg and let the
dialog: poison out...
text: He poises the knife.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Wait...
text: He fumbles in his shirt pocket, brings out a greasy folded
text: piece of paper.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Just in case... Read it.
text: Martin sets the knife down, takes the paper, opens it and
dialog: slowly reads:
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: 'I, Ethan Edwards, being of sound
dialog: mind and without any blood kin, do
dialog: hereby bequeath all my property of
dialog: any kind to Martin Pauley...'
dialog: (he stares, then)
dialog: I don't want your property.... 'Sides,
dialog: what do you mean no 'blood kin?'
dialog: Debbie's your blood kin...
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Not no more.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: You can keep your will!
text: (he thrusts it back
dialog: into Ethan's shirt)
dialog: I ain't forgettin' you was all set
dialog: to shoot her yourself... What kind
dialog: o' man are you, anyway.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (sitting up -- eyes
dialog: blazing)
dialog: She's been with the bucks! She's
dialog: nothin' now but a...
text: Martin shoves him back onto the ground.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (a shout)
dialog: Shut your dirty mouth!
text: He gets to his feet, trembling, and stands looking down at
text: Ethan, his fists clenched at his sides and murder in his
text: eyes. Then his eyes rove to the knife lying on the blanket.
text: He picks it up and he looks again at the wounded man.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (slowly)
dialog: I hope you die!
text: And he kneels again to open the wound.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT COUNTRY - FULL SHOT - ETHAN AND MARTIN - DAY
text: Martin is hauling an improvised travois over the ground in
text: which, lashed by vines and some clothing, is the unconscious
dialog: figure of Ethan.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - MOVING - MARTIN - DAY
text: Eyes shadowed, whiskered, drawn -- he is an implacable figure
text: as he drags the weary miles home. He hears a groan from Ethan
text: o.s. He barely lets his eyes drift to the sound. He doesn't
dialog: stop.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - MOVING - ETHAN IN THE TRAVOIS - DAY
text: We see he is delirious, lips parched, strapped to the poles.
text: The travois jolts over the ground. As he passes out of frame,
text: the CAMERA HOLDS on the marks of the travois poles scraping
text: across the desert.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: INT. JORGENSEN KEEPING ROOM - FULL SHOT - NIGHT
text: A party is in progress. Fiddler and banjo-player are playing
text: a lively square dance for one or two sets of dancers --
text: ranchers, their wives and daughters. Laurie is not in
text: evidence. At the far end of the room is a table with a punch
text: bowl set up and a cluster of men and women about.
text: Jorgensen is at the door boisterously welcoming some new
text: arrivals. Leading them into the room is Captain the Reverend
text: Sam Clayton, with a bulky oil-skin package under his arm.
text: With him is Charlie MacCorry, dressed in his best black suit
text: and scrubbed until he looks raw.
text: Behind them come three or four other competent-looking men --
text: Rangers all of them.
speaker_heading: JORGENSEN
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: They're here, mama... Come in, come
dialog: in...
scene_heading: INT. JORGENSEN HOME - FULL SHOT - FAVORING GROUP AT DOOR
text: Clayton waits for Charlie to come abreast, then hits him on
text: the back and drives him inside.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
text: Here he is, Lars... Combed, curried
dialog: 'n washed behind the ears!
text: Mrs. Jorgensen hurries over, beaming, to admire Charlie.
scene_heading: MRS. JORGENSEN
dialog: Why, Charlie, you look real handsome!
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: Yes'm... scarcely reck'nize myself...
dialog: Where's Laurie?
text: Mrs. Jorgensen smiles and playfully pushes him toward the
dialog: guests.
scene_heading: MRS. JORGENSEN
dialog: You'll see her soon enough...
text: Clayton -- and the other Rangers -- have been hanging gunbelts
text: on pegs along the wall. Now he shakes out his parcel --
text: disclosing a green-black frock coat.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: (nodding to the music)
dialog: Say, that music sounds so good it
dialog: must be sinful...
scene_heading: MRS. JORGENSEN
dialog: Grab a partner, reverend!
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Well, now, a man of my age just can't
dialog: haul off and dance in cold blood...
dialog: but if there's any of that wild cherry
dialog: brandy of yours, Lars...
speaker_heading: JORGENSEN
dialog: (suddenly sober)
dialog: Nooo...
dialog: (change of heart)
dialog: Yah, by golly... One jug left... I
dialog: get it!
text: Mrs. Jorgensen glares as he heads out.
scene_heading: MRS. JORGENSEN
dialog: Last winter that man swore up and
dialog: down there wasn't a drop left -- and
dialog: me with pneumoney!... Reverend, you'd
dialog: better start clergyin' again!
scene_heading: EXT. JORGENSEN HOME - FULL SHOT - NIGHT
text: Horses, wagons fill the yard. We can hear the lively music
text: of the square dance. As Jorgensen opens the door and sets
text: out toward the barn, a battered dusty trap drives in -- and
text: on it are Martin and Ethan. Jorgensen at first doesn't
dialog: recognize them.
speaker_heading: JORGENSEN
dialog: (hailing them)
dialog: Hi!... You're late... hurry...
text: And then he sees who they are, and his jaw drops.
speaker_heading: JORGENSEN
dialog: (staring)
dialog: Ethan... Martie... No, don't get
dialog: down! ...You can't come in!
text: They stare at him.
speaker_heading: JORGENSEN
dialog: The Rangers are here!
text: He says it as though that explains everything.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: What's that got to do with us?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (eyeing the house)
dialog: What's goin' on?
speaker_heading: JORGENSEN
dialog: (who's forgotten they
dialog: wouldn't know)
dialog: Why, my Laurie's getting married...
text: Martin throws the reins aside and jumps out. Jorgensen grabs
text: his arm.
speaker_heading: JORGENSEN
dialog: Wait! Don't you hear me! The
dialog: Rangers...
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: So what?
speaker_heading: JORGENSEN
dialog: You been posted for murder... both
dialog: of you... That trader fella, the
dialog: late Mister Futterman...
text: Martin tries to break free.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I gotta see Laurie!
speaker_heading: JORGENSEN
dialog: (desperately)
dialog: Go around the side... the
dialog: grandmother's room... I'll tell her...
speaker_heading: PLEASE!
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: You better!
text: He heads around the side. Ethan meanwhile has climbed stiffly
text: down, slightly favoring his leg.
speaker_heading: JORGENSEN
dialog: Quick... hide in the barn, Ethan...
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Hide? Why would I?
text: He brushes past the little man and heads for the door.
scene_heading: INT. THE JORGENSEN HOUSE - ANGLING FROM BEHIND ETHAN
text: as he enters, with Jorgensen at his heels. For a moment, as
text: he stands there, the party breezes on. Then first one, then
text: another sees him. They gape, and the music falters and stops.
text: Sam Clayton crosses to confront him across the width of the
text: room. Jorgensen tries to be the easy, smiling host--and makes
dialog: a very bad job of it.
speaker_heading: JORGENSEN
dialog: Look everybody... Look who's...
text: He can't even finish it but stands there making flapping
dialog: gestures.
scene_heading: INT. JORGENSEN ROOM - FULL SHOT - ETHAN AND SAM
text: -- others gaping. During the opening lines, Jorgensen will
text: covertly back toward the door to the inner room -- Laurie's
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (to all)
dialog: Evenin'... evenin' Reverend... or do
dialog: I call you 'Captain'...?
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Came here for a wedding, Ethan...
dialog: Until that's over, I reckon 'reverend'
dialog: will do...
scene_heading: MRS. JORGENSEN
dialog: (coming forward)
dialog: And news of our little girl, Ethan?
text: His face contorts and his smile is twisted.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: She's not a little girl any more.
scene_heading: MRS. JORGENSEN
dialog: (eyes wide)
dialog: You've seen her!... She's alive?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: I've seen her... and she's alive.
text: Mrs. Jorgensen throws herself against his chest, sobbing.
text: Ethan looks past her at Clayton. And the faces of both men
dialog: are grim.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE GRANDMOTHER ROOM - FULL SHOT
text: The room is dark. Martin is pacing, eyes constantly turning
text: to the inside door. And then it opens and Laurie is inside,
text: holding a lamp. She is in her bridal gown and very obviously
text: trying to keep from betraying the stress she is under.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Hello, Martie....
text: He just stares at her -- very lovely, strangely remote.
text: He suddenly is conscious of his dirty hands, his dusty, worn
dialog: clothing.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I... I wrote you a letter... Reckon
dialog: you didn't get it...
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: (setting the lamp
dialog: down)
dialog: One letter in five years... I read
dialog: it till the paper dried up and the
dialog: writing faded out...
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: It wasn't much of a letter...
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: No, it wasn't... You mighta said you
dialog: loved me... You mighta asked me to
dialog: wait... At least that'd have been
dialog: something...
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: But I allus loved you... You know
dialog: that, without my sayin' it... I
dialog: couldn't bring myself to ask you to
dialog: wait... the little I had... not
dialog: knowin' how much longer until we
dialog: found Debbie...
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: (breaking)
dialog: It isn't fair...
text: She sinks onto the bench.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: (sobbing)
dialog: It isn't fair, Martin Pauley, and
dialog: you know it!
text: She begins to cry, very softly. He is beside her and his arm
text: goes around her shoulder comfortingly.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Don't cry, Laurie... I understand
dialog: how it is... I'll just go 'way...
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: (spinning on him)
dialog: You do and I'll die, Martie... I
dialog: will! I'll just die!
text: And they are kissing through her tears when the outer door
text: is flung open by Charlie MacCorry. They part as he glares.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I'll thank you to leave the room,
dialog: Laurie.
text: Martin stares at him, then at her.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: Charlie MacCorry!... You weren't
dialog: fixin' to marry HIM??
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: She sure is!... An' don't think your
dialog: comin' back is goin' to change it!
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: As to that, I don't know, Charlie...
dialog: We hadn't got around to talkin'
dialog: marriage...
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What right you got to be talkin'
dialog: marriage to any decent woman...
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: If you're talkin' about that crazy
dialog: murder charge...
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: AND other things... Mebbe you thought
dialog: you was gettin' away with being
dialog: comical about that Indian wife you
dialog: took... I bet she wasn't the first
dialog: squaw you...
text: Martin swings wildly but Charlie is a wily fighter. He side-
text: steps and chops Martin in the jaw and drives him against the
text: wall. Laurie runs between them.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: Stop it! Both of you... I won't have
dialog: any fighting in this house.
text: Martin gently brushes her aside.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: It's all right... Charlie, let's
dialog: move outside.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I ain't wearing no gun.
text: Martin nods and unbuckles his gunbelt. The men head outside
text: as Laurie runs to get help.
scene_heading: EXT. THE JORGENSEN HOME - BREEZEWAY
text: Charlie waits assuredly as Martin follows him outside.
text: Martin makes a wild run, swings. The blow is neatly guarded
text: by Charlie's left and countered with a crisp right that puts
text: Martin down. Martin gets to his feet, more cautiously this
text: time, and comes in at a crouch; he's fighting like an Indian,
text: not a white man. The men from the wedding party come out now
dialog: at a run.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Sergeant MacCorry!
text: Charlie turns slightly and in that instant Martin springs
text: and drives a straight right at his face -- almost as though
text: there were a knife in the hand. MacCorry stumbles back into
text: Clayton's arms.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Is this in the line of duty, sergeant?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (regaining his balance)
dialog: No sir... pleasure.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: In that case, give the boys room...
text: Martin waits at a crouch as Charlie comes in, feints his
text: right and crosses his left. It is a hard blow but Martin
text: recovers and waits... Charlie circles and starts to repeat.
text: He feints his right but this time Martin springs in, ducks
text: and -- as the left shoots out -- he grabs the wrist and throws
text: Charlie over his head. What we are looking at, in effect, is
text: a wrestler against a boxer.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Fight fair, son... Use your fists!
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (drily)
dialog: Comanches don't use their fists,
dialog: reverend... Let 'em alone...
text: Charlie is on his feet and warily starts circling -- now
text: trying to imitate Martin's crouch. Suddenly Martin feints a
text: right swing and connects with a solid left -- reversing the
text: order of business. Charlie staggers and Martin follows up
text: with a wrestling hold, leaping behind Charlie, locking both
text: legs around him and driving his arms upward behind his back
text: so that his face is in the dirt and so he could -- under
text: other circumstances -- be neatly and expeditiously scalped.
text: With the hands locked, Martin then calmly draws a knife. He
text: looks innocently into the aghast faces of the crowd.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Could scalp him... but I'll just
dialog: count coup!
text: With that he releases the paralyzed arms just long enough to
text: grab a lock of Charlie's hair and neatly snip it off.
text: He stands then and laughs as Charlie lamely gets to his feet --
text: easing the tortured arms. Clayton goes to Charlie's side.
text: Laurie moves to Martin's side.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: You all right, sergeant?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Dunno... Seems so.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Well, go get cleaned up and we'll
dialog: proceed with the weddin'...
text: Charlie frowns and looks off at where Laurie and Martin are
dialog: standing.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Ain't goin' to be any weddin' -- not
dialog: till we get a few things cleared up
dialog: 'round here...
text: He walks rather unsteadily away leaving a thunderstruck
text: assembly, murmurous with surprise.
speaker_heading: WIPE TO:
scene_heading: INT. JORGENSEN KEEPING ROOM - LATER THAT NIGHT
text: The last of the wedding guests is leaving: Ed Nesby carrying
text: his bull fiddle and with his wife and daughter and two smaller
text: children preceding him out the door.
text: The Jorgensens stand by -- trying to put a good face on the
text: wedding debacle. Charlie MacCorry is sitting dejectedly,
text: studying a spot on the floor. Ethan is at the mantel. Laurie
text: is in her room -- presumably changing out of her wedding
text: gown. Martin is at a sink, bathing a cut on his lip. Clayton,
text: still in his clerical coat, is near the door.
speaker_heading: NESBY
dialog: (a grin)
dialog: Well... it was a nice weddin' party...
dialog: considerin' no one got married...
dialog: 'Night.
speaker_heading: JORGENSEN
dialog: Good night, Ed...
text: Mrs. Jorgensen puts her handkerchief to her eyes -- letting
text: down now that the guests have gone. Jorgensen crosses to
text: her, pats her sympathetically.
speaker_heading: JORGENSEN
dialog: Now, mamma!...
text: He leads her away. Clayton faces Ethan.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: I got to ask you and Martin to ride
dialog: to the State Capitol with me, Ethan.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: This an invite to a necktie party,
dialog: Reverend?
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Captain... Nope, wouldn't say that...
dialog: Likely you had your reasons for
dialog: killin' Futterman... Probably needed
dialog: killin'... I'm speaking as a ranger
dialog: now, not as a reverend... Fact that
text: all three was shot in the back is
dialog: the only thing that's raised some
dialog: question -- that and a missin' gold
dialog: piece known to have been on him just
dialog: prior to his demise.
text: Ethan casually reaches into his pocket, takes out a gold
text: coin and spins it.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (casually)
dialog: That so?
text: Martin crosses to confront Clayton.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I ain't goin' to Austin, Reverend.
text: Charlie gets to his feet and he has his gun in his hand.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You're goin' if the captain says
dialog: you're goin'...
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Now, now... let's not grow
dialog: disputatious...
text: Fast hoofbeats sound o.s. -- signalling the approach of a
text: four-man cavalry detail.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: (turning)
dialog: What's that? More company?
text: He and Jorgensen head for the door.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Kinda late getting here, aren't they?
text: A voice hails from outside.
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT'S VOICE
dialog: Hello there! Captain Clayton?
scene_heading: INT. - EXT. JORGENSEN HOUSE - ANGLE AT DOOR - NIGHT
text: Clayton stands in the opened doorway, Jorgensen behind him,
text: looking out. Drawn up outside is the four-man cavalry detail,
dialog: led by a young and very crisp LIEUTENANT. We may or may not
text: see the sixth man, slouched over his horse. The Lieutenant
text: swings off and crosses.
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: Is Captain Clayton here, Reverend?
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: I'm Clayton.
text: The Lieutenant gapes at Clayton's ministerial coat.
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: (doubtfully)
dialog: You're Captain Clayton?...
text: Ethan chuckles, to Clayton's very obvious annoyance.
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: (recovering, he salutes)
dialog: Colonel Greenhill's compliments,
dialog: sir.
dialog: The Colonel wishes to know how soon you could put a company
text: of Rangers in the field, fully armed and...
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Hold on, son... Who's this Colonel
dialog: Greenhill you're talking about?
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: Why Colonel Greenhill is Colonel
dialog: Greenhill, sir... Commanding Officer,
dialog: Fifth U.S. Cavalry... I'm Lieutenant
dialog: Greenhill, sir.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Oh... Now what's this your pa wants
dialog: to know?
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: My pa wants to know... Colonel
dialog: Greenhill wants to know how soon you
dialog: could put a company of your Rangers
text: in the field, fully armed and
dialog: equipped, for joint punitive action
dialog: against the Comanches.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: JOINT action?
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: Yes sir... We've received information
text: about a band of Comanches under a
dialog: chief named Scar...
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: What information?
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: That maybe he's not far from here --
text: holed up somewhere, waiting his chance
dialog: to get back over the border... He
dialog: raided north about a month ago...
dialog: ran into more army than he bargained
dialog: for... Now he's running for cover,
dialog: for keeps this time...
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: And what makes you think he's in
dialog: this territory?
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: Yesterday, one of our patrols picked
dialog: up a man claims he was a prisoner
dialog: with Scar till only two days ago...
dialog: He talks crazy but I brought him
dialog: along... Says he lives here... keeps
text: mentioning a rocking chair.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (half to himself)
dialog: Mose...
text: And then he is striding to the door, calling it:
speaker_heading: ETHAN
speaker_heading: MOSE!
speaker_heading: MOSE'S VOICE
dialog: Ay-he?... Ay-eh?...
text: And the old man totters in, half-supported by a trooper --
text: hollow-eyed, weak, almost delirious.
speaker_heading: MOSE
dialog: Come f'r my rockin' chai'... ole
dialog: Mose.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (shouting it)
dialog: Where's Scar, Mose... SCAR?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Ask him about Debbie!... Is she all
dialog: right, Mose?
speaker_heading: MOSE
dialog: My rockin' chai'...
scene_heading: MRS. JORGENSEN
dialog: (bustling over)
dialog: Leave the poor man be! Can't you see
dialog: he's out of his mind...
text: She tries to lead him away, but Ethan shoves her aside and
text: grips the old man by his arms.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Mose... try to remember!... You were
dialog: in Scar's camp...
speaker_heading: MOSE
dialog: Ay-he... Made out I was crazy...
dialog: (he giggles foolishly)
dialog: Ate dirt... chewed grass... I fooled
dialog: 'em, Ethan!... an' I got away...
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Scar! Where's he holed in?
speaker_heading: MOSE
dialog: Seven Fingers... ay-he... Seven...
text: He staggers and this time Mrs. Jorgensen won't be denied.
scene_heading: MRS. JORGENSEN
dialog: Now that's enough! Here... by the
dialog: fire... What you need's a good bowl
dialog: of soup...
text: She leads him away, at last to his rocker by the fire.
text: During this, Ethan and Clayton have been mulling Mose's
dialog: answer.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (blankly)
dialog: Seven Fingers?
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: That's what he told us... but there's
dialog: no such place on the maps.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Wait a minute! Isn't that the Caddo
dialog: name for where all those canyons
dialog: branch on the Malapai?
speaker_heading: MOSE
dialog: (from his rocker)
dialog: Caddo or Kiowa... ay-he... ay-eh...
text: Sam Clayton wheels on the Lieutenant.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: You tell your pa a company of Rangers --
dialog: all fourteen of 'em -- fully armed
dialog: an' equipped will be in the field by
dialog: daylight... headin' for the south
dialog: end of the Malapai. If he can catch
dialog: up with us, well an' good...
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: But... but captain, we can't possibly
dialog: take the field tomorrow... for your
dialog: own protection...
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Sonny, yonder's a passel of murderers,
dialog: complete with Texican scalps an'
dialog: white girl captive... You want to
dialog: protect us, you just get out of our
dialog: way... Now skedaddle!
text: The lieutenant skedaddles. Sam whirls on Martin and Ethan.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Ethan, you an' Martin are hereby
dialog: appointed civilian scouts -- without
dialog: pay... Charlie, hightail it to
dialog: headquarters an' spread the word...
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Yes sir...
text: He leaves. Martin's hands go to his side -- recalling where
text: he left his guns.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: My guns...
text: He heads for the inner door to the grandmother room.
scene_heading: INT. THE GRANDMOTHER ROOM - FULL SHOT
text: as Martin enters and crosses to where he had dropped his
text: gunbelt. Even before he reaches it, Laurie is in the room --
text: closing the door after her.
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: Martie... don't go! Not this time.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (staring)
dialog: You crazy?
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: It's too late... She's a woman grown
dialog: now...
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I got to fetch her home...
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: Fetch what home?... The leavin's of
dialog: Comanche bucks -- sold time an' again
dialog: to the highest bidder?... With savage
dialog: brats of her own, most like?...
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (shouting it)
dialog: Laurie! Shut your mouth!
speaker_heading: LAURIE
dialog: Do you know what Ethan will do if he
dialog: has a chance?... He'll put a bullet
dialog: in her brain! And I tell you Martha
dialog: would want him to!
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Only if I'm dead!
text: He strides out past her.
scene_heading: INT. THE KEEPING ROOM - FULL SHOT
text: as Martin re-enters. Ethan and Sam are waiting. Martin looks
text: hard at Ethan.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: You ready?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (eyes never leaving
dialog: Ethan's face)
dialog: I'm ready.
text: As they stride out,
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 204-A
scene_heading: INT. JORGENSEN HOUSE - GRANDMOTHER ROOM - CLOSE SHOT -
scene_heading: LAURIE - NIGHT
text: as she stands at the window, in her bridal gown, and sadly
text: watches Martin again going away. Softly the score reprises --
dialog: sadly now -- "Skip to My Lou."
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MESA COUNTRY - LONG SHOT - THE RANGERS - DAWN LIGHT
text: A file of eighteen men and horses -- Rangers -- is walking
text: under the shoulder of a mesa, keeping well below the skyline.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - THE FILE OF RANGERS - DAWN LIGHT
text: They pass CAMERA one by one -- Sam Clayton in the lead, Martin
text: behind him leading two horses, then the others -- grim-
text: looking, capable men of varying ages; some with long drooping
text: mustaches, some in need of shaves, some chawing tobacco.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - ETHAN - AT RIM OF A MESA - DAWN LIGHT
text: He is lying prone, his hat off, squinting down into a long
text: reach of desert canyon at the Comanche encampment -- with
text: tepees set up, a thin wisp of smoke rising from a fire, the
text: horse herd penned in a draw cut off by an improvised corral
text: of rawhide ropes.
scene_heading: EXT. THE COMANCHE ENCAMPMENT - WIDE ANGLE SHOT - DAWN LIGHT
text: The camp is sleeping. A dog yaps shrilly. One of the tepee
text: flaps opens and Scar steps out. He picks up a stone or a
text: chunk of wood and throws it. The dog yelps and runs off.
text: Scar's air is troubled, suspicious. He heads for the horse
text: herd. The camp sleeps on.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - ETHAN - AT RIM OF A MESA - DAWN LIGHT
text: His face betrays a bitter inner satisfaction. He looks back
text: along the trail as faintly we hear the approach of the Ranger
text: company. Then he squirms back, retrieving his hat.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - HEAD OF RANGER COLUMN - DAWN LIGHT
text: Sam, seeing Ethan in the near distance, raises his hand in a
text: signal for halt and waits. Ethan scrambles down the trail to
text: join him. He takes the reins of his horse from Martin.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: We can get within 500 yards... there's
text: a hogback to the south.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: How many, would you say?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (drily)
dialog: Enough to go around... I'd say about
dialog: a dozen apiece... Mount 'em up!
text: He moves as though to mount, but Martin steps forward.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Wait! We go chargin' in, they'll
dialog: kill her... and you know it.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: It's what I'm countin' on.
text: Sam stares at him, but Martin isn't surprised.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I know you are... Only it ain't goin'
dialog: to be that way... she's alive...
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Livin' with Comanches ain't bein'
dialog: alive...
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (same tone)
dialog: She's alive... Better she's alive
dialog: and livin' with Comanches than her
text: brains bashed out...
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Now son, it's a bitter thing to say,
dialog: but there's more than your sister at
dialog: stake here.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: There sure is! I'm going to tell you
dialog: somethin'... I wasn't going to speak
dialog: of it... But I'll tell you now. Did
dialog: you notice them scalps strung on
dialog: Scar's lance?
speaker_heading: (MARTIN NODS)
dialog: Did you see the third scalp from the
dialog: point of the lance? Long... wavy
dialog: hair...
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I saw it... And don't try to tell me
dialog: it was Aunt Martha's or Lucy's...
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: You don't remember it, but I remember.
dialog: That was your mother's scalp!
text: Martin stares, quick disbelief in his eyes. But Ethan's eyes
dialog: hold his and there is no doubting the truth in them.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: I didn't want to tell you... but
dialog: maybe it's your right to know.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Now mount up, son...
text: Sam puts his hand on Martin's elbow -- as though to turn him
text: to his duty. But Martin jerks the arm away.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: It don't change it... All I'm askin'
dialog: is a chance to sneak in there... an'
dialog: try to get her out before you come
dialog: chargin' in.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: What if you're caught?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: It won't tell 'em anything, will it!
dialog: Just a man alone...
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: I say NO!
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Go ahead, son... But at the first
dialog: alarm, we're comin' in -- and we
dialog: ain't goin' to have time to pick and
dialog: choose our targets when we do...
text: Ethan looks long and hard at Martin, then reaches into his
text: shirt for the folded, dirty, dog-eared paper that was his
text: will. Slowly he tears it into shreds.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: It's your funeral...
text: Martin squats and starts pulling off his boots. He glances
text: up as Charlie MacCorry comes over, an Indian blanket in his
text: hands. He tosses it onto Martin's shoulder.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Here... you fight like a Comanch...
dialog: Maybe this'll help ya pass as one.
text: Then he grins and extends his hand. Martin takes it -- and
text: they shake as Charlie pulls him to his feet. Martin drops
text: his hat, and then -- at a crouching run -- he heads for the
text: distant Comanche camp.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - FROM BEHIND CLAYTON AND ETHAN, TOWARD MARTIN
text: as he runs downslope under the shelter of the hogback toward
text: the unseen camp. Clayton waves an arm at his men and starts
text: leading out -- in a somewhat different direction.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - THE RANGERS, FAVORING CLAYTON AND ETHAN
text: They are leading their horses down the slope, still under
text: the lee of the butte, when two riders are seen approaching
text: at a fast gallop -- Lt. Greenhill and his courier. (The latter
dialog: is a bugler).
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: What in...?
speaker_heading: GREENHILL
dialog: (calling -- still
dialog: distant)
dialog: Captain Clayton... Captain!
text: Sam whips off his hat and makes frantic signals to Greenhill
text: to shut up. Greenhill pulls to a canter, puzzled, and rides
dialog: in.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: (exploding)
dialog: Go on! Whyn't you have your bugler
dialog: sound the charge while you're at
dialog: it??
speaker_heading: GREENHILL
dialog: (blankly)
dialog: Sir?
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Never mind... Your pa know you're
dialog: out here?
speaker_heading: GREENHILL
dialog: Yes, sir... Troop's about ten miles
dialog: back... The Colonel sent me looking
dialog: for you...
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: (dismissing him)
dialog: Well you found me... Good work, son...
dialog: Good work.
text: He starts away. Greenhill follows.
speaker_heading: GREENHILL
dialog: If there's anything I can do, sir...
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: God forbid... No, son, you flog on
dialog: back and tell your pa where we're
dialog: at... and where he's at...
speaker_heading: GREENHILL
dialog: But he knows THAT, sir... Can't I
dialog: stay, sir?
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: (reluctantly)
dialog: All right... But keep your eye on
dialog: me, boy... I'm the hard case you're
dialog: up against here -- not these childish
dialog: savages... If you don't hear me first
dialog: time I holler, you better read my
dialog: mind... I don't aim to raise no two
text: hollers on any subject at hand...
speaker_heading: GREENHILL
dialog: Yes, sir...
text: He whips out his sabre -- to the imminent peril of Captain
text: Sam who quickly shifts out of the way.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Watch that knife, boy!
text: Then Sam continues away and the Rangers after him.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSKIRTS OF COMANCHE CAMP - FULL SHOT - DAWN LIGHT
text: Martin runs from behind CAMERA and dodges behind a rock. The
text: camp is still asleep, very quiet. Martin runs out from behind
text: the rock and makes another short dash toward the camp,
text: dropping behind a pile of blankets or other impedimenta. A
text: dog runs out of one of the tepees, begins barking.
scene_heading: EXT. THE HORSE HERD - MED. CLOSE SHOT - SCAR
text: He stands with another Comanche -- inspecting the horse lines.
text: In the near distance the dog's barking is heard -- shrill,
text: insistent. Scar, almost like an animal, sniffs the air
text: suspiciously. The other Comanche laughs.
speaker_heading: COMANCHE
dialog: Tahbo.
dialog: (A rabbit.)
text: Scar isn't satisfied but returns to his work.
scene_heading: EXT. THE COMANCHE CAMP - ANGLE FAVORING SCAR'S TEPEE PAST
speaker_heading: MARTIN
text: He is staring at it -- remembering it from certain distinct
text: decorations. The lower part of the tepee is rolled up, for
text: better air circulation. Martin wraps Charlie's blanket around
text: him and begins walking to the tepee.
scene_heading: EXT. THE LEE OF THE HOGBACK OR RISE - FULL SHOT - THE
speaker_heading: RANGERS
text: The line is drawn up, dismounted, the men checking their
text: sidearms, tightening cinches, etc. Sam moves briskly along
text: the line of men, then mounts his horse.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: The State of Texas is payin' you
dialog: boys $12 a month. Here's your chance
dialog: to earn it... Now I don't want any
dialog: foolin' around after scalps. We ain't
dialog: got the time... Yankee cavalry's on
dialog: its way here to set those Comanches
dialog: free... We gotta beat 'em to it --
dialog: our way... Now mount an' guide center
dialog: on young Greenhill here. Son, you
dialog: just follow me... And WATCH THAT
speaker_heading: KNIFE!
text: The last comes as Greenhill tries to mount, simultaneously
text: flailing out his sabre perilously close to Clayton.
scene_heading: EXT. SCAR'S TEPEE - MED. CLOSE SHOT - MARTIN
text: Martin has gained the tepee, takes one quick look around,
text: then strides in.
scene_heading: INT. SCAR'S TEPEE
text: as Martin enters. One robe, tossed back, shows where Scar
text: has slept. Against one wall lie the huddled figures of two
text: squaws. Two other figures -- one being Debbie's -- sleep in
text: robes. Martin's eyes go to Scar's place and then rove slowly
dialog: and hold on:
scene_heading: INT. TEPEE - MED. CLOSE SHOT - DEBBIE
text: She moves slightly so that the light strikes her fair hair.
text: Martin kneels close to her and gently touches her shoulder,
text: to awaken her. Her eyes open, then widen in fear. Martin
text: quickly claps a hand over his mouth.
text: Silently she fights him, trying to pull the hand away.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (a hoarse whisper)
dialog: Debbie... don't!
text: And then her fingernails rake his hand. He winces and lets
text: go. She screams and tries to leap up. He grabs her. The other
text: squaws wake -- begin squawking.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (grimly)
dialog: I'm takin' you whether you want to
dialog: or not...
text: Debbie sees something beyond him. Her eyes widen.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: (a scream)
speaker_heading: MARTIN!
scene_heading: INT. TEPEE - SHOOTING FROM EXTREME LOW ANGLE, AS FROM HER
speaker_heading: P.O.V. - SCAR
text: He looms in the flap of the tepee much as he had over the
text: grave when he first kidnapped her. He has a scalping knife
text: in his hand. Scar whips his arm back. Behind him we see the
text: other Comanche -- the one from the horse herd.
scene_heading: INT. TEPEE - FULL SHOT
text: Martin spins and his gun is out. He fans the trigger hammer
text: twice -- and both slugs hit Scar. As the other Comanche leaps
text: in, Martin's gun speaks again. And then he is on his feet,
text: catching Debbie by the arm -- unresisting now -- and pulling
text: her after him through the camp. Shouts and cries bespeak the
text: awakening of the camp.
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOGBACK - FULL SHOT - THE RANGER GROUP
text: They are mounted and in line. The echo of a shot comes
text: bouncing back. Clayton is facing the men. He solemnly doffs
text: his hat and bows his head.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: For these Thy gifts which we are
dialog: about to receive...
text: (donning his hat, he
dialog: turns to the bugler)
dialog: Sound that horn, son, and Leave Us
dialog: Go Amongst Them...YA-HEE!
text: And shouting the rebel yell, he leads the charge. The yell
text: is picked up by every man and the bugler sounds the charge
text: as though he had a regiment at his back. Lt. Greenhill -- a
text: West Point beau sabreur in strange company -- has his sabre
dialog: at the "charge."
scene_heading: FULL MOVING SHOT - ON THE CHARGE
text: In the swamp of men and horses, we just have time to notice
text: that Sam is darting a somewhat worried look at Greenhill's
text: saber ominously close to his back. The charge is sounding,
text: the hooves are drumming and the men are yelling the way they
dialog: did when they rode with Bedford Forrest -- reins in their
text: teeth, guns in their fists.
scene_heading: EXT. THE ENCAMPMENT - FULL SHOT - AS THE RANGERS HIT
text: Comanches are running from the tepees, trying to reach their
text: horse herd as the file of Rangers knifes in. The bark of
text: hand guns is a steady sound now -- and the Comanches have
dialog: never been up against such marksmen. One charging Ranger
text: rides down a tepee. Another, with two guns drawn, scores a
text: running double on two Indians racing toward him from opposite
text: sides of his fast-running horse. A dodging Comanche screams
text: as a barrel-chested roan hits him broadside and sends him
text: sprawling into the embers of the campfire.
scene_heading: EXT. SCAR'S TEPEE - FULL SHOT - ETHAN
text: He yanks his horse back to its haunches, firing at a Comanche
text: crouched near the tepee. The charge races past him. Ethan
text: swings off and runs to the tepee flap, whips it open and
text: glares. A squaw comes running out at him, knife upraised,
text: but he knocks her sprawling with a full arm sweep. He turns
text: and his face is a mask of frustration -- and then he freezes,
dialog: seeing what he has been looking for:
scene_heading: EXT. THE INDIAN ENCAMPMENT - LONG SHOT - ETHAN'S P.O.V.
text: Martin is running with Debbie, trying to pull her along,
text: while she kicks and claws and tries to break free. (They are
text: about thirty yards from the camp proper.) Riderless horses
text: are milling, circling. O.s. we can hear the firing, the yells.
scene_heading: EXT. SCAR'S TEPEE - FULL SHOT
text: Ethan remounts and heads around the side of Scar's tepee.
text: In the distance we see Martin and Debbie. The Rangers,
text: regrouping, are charging back through the camp, driving the
dialog: Comanche horse herd.
scene_heading: EXT. OPEN COUNTRY - MED. CLOSE SHOT - MARTIN AND DEBBIE
text: Martin hears Ethan's horse riding down at them; he turns,
text: and Debbie pulls free and starts to run away.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: No, Ethan! NO!
text: He goes running into the path of Ethan's horse.
scene_heading: EXT. OPEN COUNTRY - MOVING SHOT - ETHAN
text: as Martin runs and grabs hold of his stirrup, trying to fight
text: the horse to a stop. Ethan swings on him -- once, twice --
text: and Martin is knocked sprawling. Ethan rides on, relentlessly.
scene_heading: EXT. OPEN COUNTRY - FULL SHOT - DEBBIE AND ETHAN
text: She is running and dodging, trying to escape the horseman.
text: Ethan has his gun drawn. She ducks to one side and the horse
text: goes past. Both figures are almost obscured in the dust.
text: Ethan spins his mount and charges after her. She runs and
text: then falls -- and he is off his horse and striding toward
dialog: her.
scene_heading: EXT. OPEN COUNTRY - ETHAN AND DEBBIE
text: Ethan is at the left of CAMERA and slightly closer to the
text: foreground, with Debbie at the right, supine on the ground
text: and the dust swirling around her. Ethan draws and raises his
text: gun. The hammer goes back.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: I'm sorry, girl... Shut your eyes...
text: The dust clears. The CAMERA MOVES slightly forward along the
text: gun arm and HOLDS on Debbie's face -- the eyes gazing
text: fearlessly, innocently into Ethan's. We HOLD for a long moment
text: and then the gun lowers. Ethan slowly holsters it and walks
text: over to her.
scene_heading: EXT. OPEN COUNTRY - CLOSE SHOT - ETHAN
text: He looks down at her.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: (softly)
dialog: You sure favor your mother...
scene_heading: EXT. OPEN COUNTRY - MED. CLOSE SHOT - THE TWO
text: He extends his hand to her. She takes it and he helps her to
text: her feet. And then she is against his chest and his arm goes
text: protectingly about her. They are standing that way when Martin
text: stumbles up -- and stares.
speaker_heading: WIPE TO:
dialog: 233-A
scene_heading: EXT. COMANCHE CAMP - WIDE ANGLE - DAY
text: The line of Rangers is afoot now, each man near his horse,
text: each man with rifle out, pumping shot after shot at the
text: fleeting remnant of Comanches riding down the long valley
text: with their scattered horse herd milling and criss-crossing
text: in mid-ground... And then as the firing slackens, from afar
text: we can hear the blare of a cavalry bugle sounding the charge:
text: sign of the approach of Greenhill's troop.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE INDIAN ENCAMPMENT - FULL SHOT - FAVORING CLAYTON
text: It is perhaps half an hour later. Clayton is very grim of
text: face and occasionally wincing. His trousers are down over
text: his ankles, his shirt-tails flapping over his long-handled
text: red underwear. Behind him Charlie MacCorry is kneeling,
text: applying some crude first aid to Sam's rump. Beyond them
text: some of the Rangers are readying for the move-out. Sam looks
text: up angrily as COLONEL GREENHILL, a guidon bearer, and bugler
text: ride in. Greenhill is a choleric man.
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: Clayton, if you were in my command
dialog: I'd have you courtmartialed for this!
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: (angrily, to MacCorry)
dialog: Hurry it up!
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: What's the matter, sir... You wounded?
dialog: What is it, Sergeant -- a bullet or
dialog: an arrow?
text: Charlie just gapes, but Clayton -- grim-lipped -- bends a
text: meaningful glare on someone off. Greenhill looks that way.
scene_heading: EXT. THE INDIAN ENCAMPMENT - CLOSE SHOT - LT. GREENHILL
text: He is standing with his sabre at salute -- looking as
dialog: miserable as any shavetail would look when in disgrace. It
text: could be that the end of the sabre has a pronounced bend.
scene_heading: EXT. THE INDIAN ENCAMPMENT - FULL SHOT - THE GROUP
text: Sam suddenly slaps MacCorry's hand away and grabs for his
text: pants and pulls them up -- and around a tepee come three
text: figures -- Ethan, Debbie, and Martin -- with Ethan holding
text: Debbie's hand. And Sam's face is split by a grin as he tucks
text: his shirt-tails in and goes to meet them.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE JORGENSEN HOUSE - CLOSE SHOT - MOSE HARPER -
speaker_heading: AFTERNOON
text: He is in a rocker on the porch. Suddenly he stares out and
text: stops rocking. Faint in the distance, but coming closer, the
text: clop-clop of two horses, moving at a walk. A moment later
text: Jorgensen emerges and comes to stand beside Mose, shading
text: his eyes and squinting against the sun, still not recognizing
text: the distant horsemen. He is joined by Mrs. Jorgensen. And
text: then Laurie comes out and she too stares, frowning at first,
text: then with dawning realization.
text: Lars and Mrs. Jorgensen also begin to guess... to suspect...
text: and then to know. And Laurie starts to run.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - MOVING WITH LAURIE
text: The CAMERA MOVES ahead of her as she runs blindly over the
text: hard-packed ground, running as hard as she can toward the
text: still unseen but nearing horsemen.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - THE GROUP
text: Ethan has Debbie on the pommel of his saddle, his arm
text: supporting her, and she is asleep. Martin is riding beside
text: them. Laurie comes running up to stare at Ethan and at the
text: girl. He smiles and puts a finger to his lips -- cautioning
text: her against waking Debbie -- and then he rides by. Laurie
text: looks then at Martin. He doesn't know whether to smile or
text: not; he just waits. And then she is beside him and she steps
text: onto his stirruped foot and vaults up beside him, and she
text: kisses him just as she had on the day he left the graves to
text: take up the search. And still holding her beside him, he
text: rides slowly after Ethan and Debbie toward the house.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
