dialog: 
text: THE HAUNTING OF HILL HOUSE
dialog: By David Self
dialog: Revisions by Michael Tolkin
dialog: Based on the Novel by Shirley Jackson
speaker_heading: 11/10/98
dialog: Initial Shooting Script
text: NOTE: THE HARD COPY OF THIS SCRIPT CONTAINED SCENE NUMBERS.
text: THEY HAVE BEEN REMOVED FOR THIS SOFT COPY.
scene_heading: BEGIN MAIN TITLE SEQUENCE.
text: At the very edge of hearing, the tone of human VOICES.
text: Unintelligible, babbling, eerie. Then a loud FLAPPING SOUND. It
text: shifts from one side of the theater to the other, like something
text: moving among the wall hangings.
text: As the TITLE appears, the noise mounts, drowning out the VOICES,
text: agitated, becoming violent, banging... inhuman.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSING PROJECT, CHARLESTOWN, MASSACHUSETTS - DAY
text: ON a housing project in the industrial outskirts of Boston. The
text: BANGING seems to flutter away, leading us along, searching... to a
text: tiny balcony, one of dozens, ten stories up. And there, the source
dialog: of the sound --
text: -- A SHEET, snapping in the wind. The umbrella-like clothes line
text: on which it hangs bangs against a dirty glass door as if trying to
dialog: get in.
text: THROUGH THE GLASS DOOR a woman paces inside, agitated. The VOICES
text: rise over the banging, becoming intelligible --
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM, NELL'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: -- becoming a fight. JANE, 30s, dark-haired, furious, wheels
text: across a diminutive, neat, but poor living room.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: It'll take a month to probate the
dialog: will, Nell! A month! Even if
dialog: Mother left you something, you
dialog: won't get it in time to pay the
dialog: rent. So instead of complaining,
dialog: you should be thanking Lou for
dialog: getting you these two weeks to get
dialog: Mother's things packed.
text: At first we can't even see who she's yelling at. At first we don't
dialog: even notice her. Then we do...
text: Holding herself, in a dim corner away from the light, small, plain,
text: like a part of the faded room is ELEANOR VANCE, 20's -- Nell.
text: She stares at the door. The clothes line raps at the begrimed
dialog: glass.
speaker_heading: JANE (cont'd)
dialog: Nell?
text: The wind dies, the banging stops. Nell seems to hear Jane and
text: peers over at her, then across the room to Jane's bored husband,
text: LOU. He's turning a Franklin Mint commemorative coin set in his
text: hands, studying it.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: You're still going to have to
dialog: settle with your mother's landlord
dialog: on the back rent.
text: Nell watches Jane's little boy, RICHIE. Unpacified by the
text: cartoons on the TV, he plows a plastic tank across a shelf through
text: neat rows of delicate PORCELAIN DOLLS.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: I'm not going to stay. I'll get a
dialog: job. I'll get my own apartment.
text: Richie knocks a porcelain DOLL off, and it breaks all over the
text: carpet. His parents don't notice. But Nell feels it in the soul.
text: Richie stops. A long beat. He looks at her, insolent, then plows
text: on with his tank.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Nell. A job? Two months and
dialog: where is this job? You have no
dialog: degree, you've never worked --
text: Nell explodes in outraged fury, startling us.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: -- I've never worked? --
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: You have no experience in the
dialog: world... the regular world. What
dialog: would you put on a resume?
dialog: (beat, softening)
dialog: Now we all appreciate what you did
dialog: for Mother. Isn't that right,
dialog: Lou?
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: Eleven years. Long time.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: That's why we've been talking.
dialog: With me getting more time in
text: Accessories, and Lou at the shop
dialog: all day, we need somebody to take
dialog: care of Richie, do a little
dialog: cleaning and cooking. And in
dialog: return you can have the extra
dialog: room.
text: She goes to Lou, puts a hand on his shoulder, proud of her
text: generosity. All Nell can do is stare.
text: And then: KNOCK KNOCK. Like a shot Nell is out of the chair and
text: turning for a set of FRENCH DOORS across the room. It's all
text: reflex. Nell catches herself.
text: KNOCK KNOCK. Richie, lying on the couch like he's sick, raps on
text: the wall with a wooden CANE and squeals:
speaker_heading: RICHIE
dialog: Eleanor, help me! I've got to
dialog: pee!
text: Nell REACTS, but rather than being amused or annoyed, a wave of
text: TRAUMA flickers over her face. The reaction is so strong we
dialog: instantly know something is very wrong.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: Richie, knock it off before I beat
dialog: the crap out of you!
text: Nell turns away, sick, breathing hard.
text: Jane picks up a JEWELRY BOX from a dresser.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: You're sure this is all of
dialog: Mother's jewelry? The lawyer said
dialog: to make sure we took it to him...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: He said there might be some
dialog: antique pieces. Have you seen
dialog: anything? Some of it might be
dialog: valuable.
dialog: Nell knows what is going to happen to that jewelry. Jane no longer
text: can bear the weight of Nell's stare, checks her watch. She nods at
text: Lou. Lou rises, pocketing the coin set. Richie follows him out.
speaker_heading: JANE (cont'd)
dialog: Think about our offer, Nell. You
dialog: don't know how hard it is out
dialog: there.
scene_heading: INT. NELL'S KITCHEN - DAY
text: Nell rams through the door into the small kitchen, spotless, empty.
text: And then bursts into tears. Shaking, she digs in her back pocket
text: and pulls out a FINE FILIGREE NECKLACE. Her mother's. It's from
text: an age gone by.
text: Clutching the necklace, she goes back out the door.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM, NELL'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: Nell crosses the living room straight for the closed French doors,
text: the glass obscured by gauze curtains. She throws them open and
dialog: enters --
scene_heading: INT. SICK ROOM - DAY (CONTINUOUS)
text: -- what once was a dining room. Transformed into a sick room.
text: Drawn shades. Dim. The first traces of dust.
text: Nell lingers in the doorway a beat, daunted.
text: A perfectly made bed. The PILLOW, however retains the IMPRESSION
text: of a head. Lodged between the bed and a nightstand, a CANE. On
text: the opposite side of the bed is a plastic toilet. I.V. stand.
text: Shrouded white shapes.
text: On the wall above the bed, a framed needlepoint counsels: A PLACE
text: FOR EVERYTHING, EVERYTHING IN ITS PLACE. A bit of wisdom. A way
dialog: to live a life.
text: A way Nell has lived for too long. Seeing it galvanizes her into
text: movement. She goes to an old armoire, a medicine chest, opens it,
text: removes a BOTTLE OF TYLENOL WITH CODEINE and marches out.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM, NELL'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: Nell closes the doors on the chamber of horrors, exhales. She has
text: been holding her breath.
scene_heading: INT. NELL'S KITCHEN - DAY
text: Nell sits at her tiny kitchen table, water glass and Tylenol in
text: front of her. The necklace dangles from her fingers. She stares,
text: mesmerized by it. Then she undoes the hasp. The clothes line
text: outside BATTERS louder --
text: -- and, defiant, Nell puts the necklace on. She closes her eyes.
text: Silence. The battering has stopped. A BEAT. And then the PHONE
text: RINGS. Nell opens her eyes. The phone RINGS. Keeps ringing.
text: Nell, feeling the drug, finds her way to the phone and picks up.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Hello? Yes, this is Eleanor.
dialog: -- Where? Yes, it's right here.
text: Nell listens for a long moment. She picks up the classifieds,
text: flips through. And there it is:
dialog: TROUBLE SLEEPING?
scene_heading: WANTED - RESEARCH SUBJECTS. $900.00/.WEEK + RM.&amp;BD. @ BEAUTIFUL
scene_heading: OLD HOUSE IN BERKSHIRES. PSYCHOLOGY STUDY.
scene_heading: END MAIN TITLE SEQUENCE
scene_heading: INT. PSYCH OBSERVATION LAB - DAY
text: The lab feels more like the video center of a security office than
text: a psychologist's laboratory. Two banks of black and white monitors
dialog: give us images of men and women, different ages, different races,
text: wired to electrodes. They are taking psychological tests, although
dialog: we never see the Testers. The subjects are working through
text: variations on object manipulation and pattern recognition tests.
text: There are subtle differences between the two banks of monitors. On
text: the left, the subjects are all twitching at exactly the same time,
text: on the right, the subjects are also twitching, but in no
text: discernible sequence. The subjects on the left are better able to
dialog: concentrate on their tasks. The subjects on the right keep
text: stopping, and going over what they have done.
text: Two men, MALCOLM KEOGH, in his 50's, is a graying professor, the
dialog: head of the department; someone we trust.
text: He faces PROFESSOR JAMES MARROW. He is a man whose confidence
text: rests uneasily on his ambition, and in the tension between the two
dialog: is the power that makes him the teacher students love. Right now,
text: though, he is defending himself before a Department Review. This
dialog: is not a court martial with judges behind a desk, it's more free
dialog: form.
text: The men are having a fight, and they are watched by OTHER
speaker_heading: PROFESSORS.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: It's still an electric shock!
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: Come on Malcolm, it's only seven
dialog: ohms, it's nothing, it's like a
dialog: joy buzzer! And it's not about
dialog: the pain, it's about the
dialog: interference with concentration...
text: Malcolm looks at the monitor. This is Marrow's chance to explain
dialog: it again.
speaker_heading: MARROW (cont'd)
dialog: Look, look at what it does! The
dialog: subjects on the left, because they
dialog: anticipate the shocks, make the
dialog: adjustment, and lose nothing on
dialog: their scores. The subjects on the
dialog: right, because the shocks are
dialog: random, can't anticipate, and the
text: distraction throws them off.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Stop defending your science after
dialog: the fact, Jim. The department
dialog: protocol for research is very
dialog: clear about this, and you violated
dialog: the rules. I know, I know, I know
dialog: that "Fear and Performance" is a
dialog: big sexy idea, but as long as I'm
dialog: chairman here you will need this
dialog: department's endorsement to
dialog: publish it, and right now I can't
dialog: do that.
text: At this moment, MARY LAMBRETTA, late 20's, Marrow's pretty T.A.,
text: opens the door with an armload of files. Whatever else she's
text: wearing, she wears glasses. Marrow, seeing her, motions for her to
text: go away. He doesn't break eye contact with Malcolm. Mary
dialog: hesitates...
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: Malcolm, this is essential work
dialog: I'm doing. Just think what my
dialog: research can do for education.
dialog: Elementary school classrooms near
dialog: train tracks or airports, where
dialog: loud noise is random; this helps
dialog: to prove the need for sound
dialog: insulation if the children are
dialog: ever going to learn to read.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: And that will be a good place to
dialog: end this study.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: No, Malcolm! Individual
dialog: performance is only part of it. I
dialog: know why baseball players choke
dialog: for no reason, I know why
text: violinists throw up with fear
dialog: before every concert, and need to,
dialog: to give a great performance, but
dialog: what I want to know is, how fear
dialog: works in a group...
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Not the way you've constructed
dialog: your group, it's just not ethical!
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: But if the group knows it's being
dialog: studied as a group, you
dialog: contaminate the results. The
dialog: deception is minor.
text: Malcolm sees Mary Lambretta.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Are you working with her?
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: Mary, I'll meet you outside.
text: She understands, and she closes the door.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Why are you working with her?
dialog: Mary Lambretta was thrown out of
dialog: the department for trying to get a
dialog: Ph.D. in psychic studies.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: And after she was thrown out, she
dialog: needed a job.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: You don't believe in the
dialog: paranormal.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: No, but she does, and that's all
dialog: that matters.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Does she know that's why you're
dialog: using her?
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: I, I just can't...
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: She needed a job, Malcolm. And
dialog: she's smart. And she helps me.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: I have a bad feeling about what
dialog: you're doing.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: This is the last chapter. Please,
dialog: please give me clearance. It's
dialog: for science.
text: Marrow waits.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: I'm gonna hate myself for this.
text: But he nods. Permission granted.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: Thank you.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY OUTSIDE LAB - DAY
text: They open the door. They walk out. Mary is there. She closes her
text: eyes, and does a gypsy voice.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I see a hostile man... he's (she
text: describes him). The hostile man
dialog: does not believe in Madame Velka.
text: This relieves the pressure. Malcolm is not listening anymore and
text: storms off.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: You know what he's really upset
dialog: about?
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: You're going to publish, he's
dialog: going to perish... And why did you
dialog: hire me for this?
text: Marrow has a sly smile. They go into his office through another
text: door in the lab.
scene_heading: INT. MARROW'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Long, narrow, badly lit, it's filled with filing cabinets, stacks
text: of unread textbooks still in publisher's plastic, a desk with
text: computer. As soon as they enter, Mary looks at the phone.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: It's for you.
text: And then the phone rings. He doesn't pick it right up, he lets it
dialog: ring.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: You hear the vibrations in the
text: wire. There's a magnetic pulse in
dialog: the wires, you feel it. I could
dialog: test it.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Test it.
text: The phone still rings. Marrow answers.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: Yes, this is Doctor Marrow.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: How'd I know it was for you?
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: Because it's my phone.
dialog: (back to the phone)
dialog: Yes... Mrs. Dudley, just leave the
dialog: boxes inside, thank you. See you
dialog: soon. Thank you.
text: He hangs up.
text: Marrow is trying to read the first file as he goes to his desk.
text: Mary shows him a huge CORKBOARD covered with photos, articles, and
dialog: various items.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Here's how they're organized.
dialog: Groups of five, very different
dialog: personalities: scored all over the
dialog: Kiersey Temperament Sorter just
dialog: like you asked for. And they all
text: score high on the insomnia charts.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: Good.
text: A PHOTO OF NELL falls on the floor. Marrow scoops it up. He holds
text: the photo of Nell up to Mary, and look at the written notes and
text: studies the graphs that go with it.
speaker_heading: MARROW (cont'd)
dialog: This is correct?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Her mother died two months ago.
dialog: She says she really wants to do
dialog: this. I didn't know if it'd be
dialog: taking advantage...
text: Marrow considers the lonely image for a long moment and then looks
text: at the graph of her test scores.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: (meaning the graph,
dialog: not the face)
dialog: What a beautiful profile. How do
dialog: you feel about her? What does
dialog: your <i>intuition</i> say?
text: Mary balks at his teasing.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I put my favorites on the top.
text: Marrow continues to study the files.
speaker_heading: MARROW (OC)
dialog: Okay... this one's good...
dialog: Extrovert Feeler... Okay... This
dialog: one I like, too...
dialog: We don't pay as much attention now to the cork board as to other
text: images on the wall. We find clinical-looking shots from Stanley
text: Milgram's experiments: subjects appearing to scream in response to
dialog: electrical shock.
text: Rows of weeping prisoners in the Stanford prison experiment.
text: Photos of victims crushed under the stands of a soccer stadium, the
text: aftermath of a riot. A picture of the Fuhrer before his mesmerized
text: masses. Mary opens a large envelope. She takes out a photograph
dialog: that we can't see.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: What's this?
dialog: (has to get his
dialog: attention)
dialog: What's this... this picture?
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: That? That's Hill House.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: This is where we're going?
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: Yes. It's perfect, isn't it?
text: Mary studies the picture, and she can't answer him. In her
text: glasses, we get the thinnest reflection of the photograph, a
text: glimpse of dark brick and high chimneys.
scene_heading: INT. NELL'S CAR - DAY
text: Nell, in a rust-wormed old Buick, glances from the road to
text: computer-drawn DIRECTIONS TO HILL HOUSE. She HUMS A TUNE, soft,
text: lonely, like a lullaby but eerie, off-key.
scene_heading: EXT. ROUTE 39 - DAY
text: The car speeds down the country road, past old stone walls, out
text: into rolling meadow, its winding route taking it across the western
text: Berkshires, farther and farther into the glorious hills.
scene_heading: INT. NELL'S CAR - DAY
text: Countryside speeds by. She passes an antique store in a barn. A
text: handpainted sign warns MELBY'S APPLE FARM 100 YARDS. Nell grabs
text: for the window handle, letting in air.
text: She snorts, smelling, breathing like it was the first time in her
text: life... sounding like a pig. And it makes her burst out in
text: embarrassing, animal laughter.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLSDALE - DAY (ESTABLISHING)
text: The white-steepled church, five stores and gas station of Hillsdale
text: lie in a forgotten notch in the hills.
scene_heading: EXT. GAS STATION - DAY
text: Nell is pumping gas at a country station. She is alone at the
text: pump. As she finishes, she hears a BABY CRYING. She looks up.
text: She is immediately drawn by the sound.
text: She moves to a car at another pump. The car is empty. The windows
text: are rolled up. She peers into the car, through the window, and
text: sees a toddler in a car seat. The child is crying. Nell looks
text: around, no one is there. She makes faces at the baby, coos to it.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Hello Baby...
text: She does a peek-a-boo game, and the baby stops crying, the baby
text: even starts to giggle.
text: A VOICE from behind.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (O.S.)
dialog: What's going on, what happened?
text: Nell turns. The Mother is a busy country mom, arms filled with
text: stuff from the gas station's market.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: She's okay. She woke up and she
dialog: saw she was alone.
text: The mother has the car open and the baby is smiling now.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Say thank you, Spencer.
dialog: (too much of an
dialog: explanation)
dialog: I was getting her something to
dialog: drink. She's been crying all
dialog: day...
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: That's all right.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Of course you know, how many
dialog: children do you have?
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: None.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: Then you're a teacher. Nursery
dialog: school.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: You just... you seem like someone
dialog: who takes care of children, lots
dialog: of children.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Maybe... maybe someday. I'd like
dialog: that.
text: The woman smiles in something like sympathy, and gets in her car.
text: When she does, we see a friendly GAS STATION ATTENDANT appear
dialog: behind Nell.
speaker_heading: NELL (cont'd)
dialog: Umm, I'm a little lost.
scene_heading: GAS STATION ATTENDANT
dialog: Where you going?
text: Nell takes out her computer drawn directions and an old map.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: They sent me directions and I've
dialog: got a map, but it's kind of
dialog: confusing. Here... it's a place
dialog: called Hill House?
text: His helpful attitude changes dramatically.
scene_heading: GAS STATION ATTENDANT
dialog: Hill House.
text: He takes the map book and tears out the page and crumples it up.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: What are you doing?
scene_heading: GAS STATION ATTENDANT
dialog: You don't want to go there.
text: He turns abruptly and walks away.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Did I say something wrong to you?
text: Nell slams the Buick door, and breathing hard, starts the engine.
text: She gets control, and puts the car in gear. She's shaken. Badly.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY LANE - DAY
text: Nell's Buick bounces over a country road. The car works its way up
text: into the steep, switchbacking hills.
scene_heading: INT. NELL'S CAR - DAY
text: Nell looks out at the forest, feels a chill. The road is more like
text: a tunnel through the forest than a road.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLS - DAY
text: Nell's car speeds through the trees, climbing the hills, higher and
text: higher into the awesome solitude.
scene_heading: INT. NELL'S CAR - DAY
text: Nell takes a final switchback, and something off to the right
text: catches her eye, then is gone in the trees. She watches again for
text: it. There. A glimpse of a gray stone property wall set back
text: twenty yards from the road.
text: There it is again. Moss-greened, twenty feet high, a wicked array
text: of iron spikes and glass mortared atop it.
text: And then out of the tangled forest in front of her looms a pair of
text: immense stone pillars. Between them, a steel GATE as high as the
text: wall, chained and padlocked.
scene_heading: EXT. HILL HOUSE GATE - DAY
text: The gate stands immense. Silent. Forbidding. Beyond them a
text: gravel drive curves away through the trees. Nell kills her car,
text: gets out, instructions in hand. No one in sight. A long beat.
text: She reaches in and blows the HORN.
text: The HORN shatters the air, rackets off the trees beyond the gate,
text: echoing. Silence.
text: Nell blows the HORN a sustained staccato in annoyance. The echo
text: replies in a terrible, deafening battering of sound. Nell covers
text: her ears. Silence once again.
text: In a fit of agitation she goes to the padlock and rattles it. It's
dialog: locked good. She turns --
text: -- and there is a man right behind her. It is MR. DUDLEY, his hair
text: tied back like an ex-hippie. He stands between Nell and her open
text: car door, weed spear in hand. He smiles at her -- rough, dirty,
dialog: massive.
speaker_heading: MR. DUDLEY
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Oh! You scared me.
speaker_heading: MR. DUDLEY
dialog: Me? No. What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Are you Mister Dudley, the
dialog: caretaker?
speaker_heading: MR. DUDLEY
dialog: Yeah, I'm Mister Dudley, the
dialog: caretaker. What are you doing
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: I'm with Dr. Marrow's group. I'm
dialog: supposed to check in with Mrs.
dialog: Dudley up at the house. Is she
dialog: here?
text: She hands him the directions. He glances at them. She uses the
text: distraction to get into her car.
speaker_heading: MR. DUDLEY
dialog: Maybe she is...
scene_heading: INT. NELL'S CAR - DAY
text: Nell looks at the gate, some part of her aware it's a point of no-
text: return. Mr. Dudley eases over to her window. Mr. Dudley gives her
text: one last look and goes to the gate. He produces a keyring and
text: undoes the padlock.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Why do you need a chain like that?
speaker_heading: MR. DUDLEY
dialog: That's a good question. What is
dialog: it about fences? Sometimes a
dialog: locked chain makes people on both
text: sides of the fence just a little
dialog: more comfortable. Why would that
dialog: be?
text: He unwinds the enormous chain, heavy turn after heavy turn. The
text: gates swing in, revealing HILL HOUSE.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Is there something about the
dialog: house?
speaker_heading: MR. DUDLEY
dialog: Mrs. Dudley'll be waiting for you.
text: Grinning, Dudley steps aside and Nell rolls through. And at that
text: he just grins wider. Nell pulls away. Disturbed, she watches him
text: in the rearview mirror. She turns and in front of her sprawls Hill
text: House. At center, the features of the oldest part of the House
text: dwarf all others: towering, eye-like windows and the jaws of a
text: Grand Entry with carved ebony doors.
scene_heading: EXT. HILL HOUSE DRIVEWAY - DAY
text: The car rumbles up the drive toward the carport.
scene_heading: INT. NELL'S CAR - DAY
text: Nell stops the car in front of the entrance, right inside the
text: carport. In the silence all we can hear is her breathing.
scene_heading: EXT. HILL HOUSE - DAY
text: Her car sits in front of the house, tiny, alone. Its brake lights
dialog: go off.
text: The finger-like pillars of the car port seem like a hand pinning
text: the car in place under the House's gaze.
text: Nell gets out of the car.
text: Nell stares, daunted... yet there is something about the House. A
text: romance in its lilac heavy Gothic decay. Nell feels it, is drawn
dialog: to it.
scene_heading: EXT. GRAND ENTRY - DAY
text: Nell, suitcase in hand, climbs the steps to the front doors. On
text: closer inspection, the snaking shapes of the carved doors depict a
text: Garden of Eden. At center on the knocker, a tarnished silver Adam
text: takes the forbidden fruit from his counterpart Eve.
text: Nell lifts Adam and knocks heavily. There is no answer. Nell
text: looks around for some sign of life.
text: Off to one side is a LADDER and PAINT CANS. Somebody must've been
text: touching up the window trim.
text: When she looks back the door is AJAR a fraction of an inch.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Hello? Hello? Mrs. Dudley? Mrs.
dialog: Dudley, are you here? Anybody?
text: Tentative, she pushes it open into --
scene_heading: INT. GRAND ENTRY - DAY (CONTINUOUS)
text: -- a vast entry towering away to a ceiling lost in shadow far
text: above. Rays of light filter through floor-to-ceiling curtains.
text: Doors lead off in a half dozen directions.
text: Every piece of woodwork or plaster in the house is carved,
text: filigreed, painted or ornamented in wild, ornate fashion. It
text: overwhelms the eye.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Wow...
text: She turns around, sets her suitcase on the marble floor. A short
text: hallway straight ahead seems to let onto some vast space, dimly
dialog: lit.
text: And then Nell hears a SOUND. Carrying through the empty halls from
text: some distant place: a low, plaintive MOAN.
text: Nell freezes. The MOANING stops. Nell strains her ears. And then
text: the MOAN again. It comes from the short hallway ahead. Nell
text: starts for it. The Moan stops.
scene_heading: INT. HALL FROM ENTRY TO GREAT HALL - DAY
text: Nell moves down the hall. It's dim, stale, lined with pier tables,
dialog: candelabra.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Hello? Hello? Mrs. Dudley?
text: Her voice echoes from the room beyond. She follows her own voice
dialog: into --
scene_heading: INT. GREAT HALL - DAY (CONTINUOUS)
text: -- A long, oval great hall. Passages and doors lead off in all
text: directions to God-knows-where. A double-grand staircase at the far
text: end ascends to a landing shrouded in darkness before turning up the
text: next floor. Magnificent ANIMAL HEADS carved on the newel posts
text: glare at her.
text: Nell makes her way past clusters of furniture, stops at the center.
text: Silence. An ENORMOUS FIREPLACE dominates one wall. Large enough
text: to stand in. An iron mesh SCREEN hangs in its mouth. Mantle and
text: chimney rise in dark, baroque masonry, becoming lost in the shadows
dialog: above.
text: The MOANING sound. Nell spins away from the fireplace. The sound
text: rises from the door at the very back of the hall. Nell takes a
text: step toward it.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Mrs. Dudley?
text: She moves up to the door, puts a hand out to it. The MOANING
text: rises. Nell pushes through --
scene_heading: INT. 1ST FLOOR HALLWAY TOWARDS KITCHEN - DAY (CONTINUOUS)
text: -- into a much narrower, curving hallway. Doors all along it. The
text: sound comes from the door right there across from the one Nell just
text: came through. She flings it open --
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - DAY (CONTINUOUS)
text: -- and comes through into a vast kitchen. A woman in black with
text: her back to Nell stands at a counter. The moaning comes from a
text: disreputable old CAN OPENER.
text: Nell breaths, feels stupid. The woman senses her, turns from her
text: cans of potatoes. She is MRS. DUDLEY, sallow, unsmiling.
scene_heading: MRS. DUDLEY
dialog: It's make the soup or answer the
dialog: door. Can't do both.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Mrs. Dudley.
scene_heading: MRS. DUDLEY
dialog: So far.
text: Mrs. Dudley wipes her hands, regards Nell, nods.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: I'm Eleanor Vance, I'm with --
scene_heading: MRS. DUDLEY
dialog: -- Dr. Marrow's group. You're the
dialog: first.
text: Mrs. Dudley just stares with her sunken face. It unsettles Nell.
speaker_heading: MRS. DUDLEY (cont'd)
dialog: I'll show you your room.
scene_heading: INT. GRAND STAIRWAY/MEZZANINE - DAY
text: Mrs. Dudley glides up the stairs. Nell follows, hoisting her
text: suitcase after her. It appears the mezzanine ahead leads to a
text: hallway. But as we draw closer what we thought was a hallway is an
text: ENORMOUS OIL PAINTING. In it stands a man, his features lost in
text: the shadows above, only his body visible.
text: The nameplate reads HUGH CRAIN.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Hugh Crain.
text: Nell looks up: Mrs. Dudley waits coldly at the top of the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. 2ND FLOOR HALLWAY, NORTH WING - DAY
text: Mrs. Dudley leads Nell down a curved hallway, over aged Persian
text: carpets and turns to a door on her left. She throws it open,
text: stands back. Nell enters.
scene_heading: INT. NELL'S ROOM - DAY
text: Nell lowers her suitcase.
scene_heading: MRS. DUDLEY
dialog: The Purple Room. You're going to
dialog: be the first visitors that Hill
dialog: House has had since Mister Crain
dialog: died.
text: The room is spacious, in a rococo gothic style with low-relief
text: woodwork on the walls rising to a dark, coffered, ceiling of carved
text: ivory. A king-size bed, furniture, all in blue purple. An open
text: door gives a glimpse of a bathroom.
text: A large fireplace dominates one wall. Its mantle is carved with
text: the faces of children, happy, at play, alive. Nell touches the
dialog: wood, loving.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: They're so beautiful. Aren't
dialog: they?
scene_heading: MRS. DUDLEY
dialog: I've seen 'em. Lot to dust.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Well, I've never lived with
dialog: beauty. You must love working
dialog: here.
text: Mrs. Dudley peers at her. A beat. And then, cryptic:
scene_heading: MRS. DUDLEY
dialog: It's a job. I keep banker's
dialog: hours. I set dinner on the dining
dialog: room sideboard at six. You can
dialog: serve yourselves. Breakfast is
dialog: ready at nine. I don't wait on
dialog: people. I don't stay after
text: dinner. Not after it begins to
dialog: get dark. I leave before dark
dialog: comes. We live in town. Nine
dialog: miles. So there won't be anyone
dialog: around if you need help. We
dialog: couldn't even hear you, in the
dialog: night.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Why would we --
scene_heading: MRS. DUDLEY
dialog: -- no one could. No one lives any
dialog: nearer than town. No one will
dialog: come any nearer than that. In the
text: night. In the dark.
text: And with that Mrs. Dudley grins, rictus-like. She turns and closes
text: the door after her.
text: Nell stands there a long moment, the room silent, heavy, old. She
text: goes to the windows, peers out. Nothing but forest for miles. The
text: sun is setting.
text: Nell removes her windbreaker, opens her suitcase, takes out a
text: blouse and skirt. Decent enough clothes, but cheap, the tags still
dialog: on them.
scene_heading: INT. 2ND FLOOR HALLWAY, NORTH WING - DAY
text: Nell emerges from her room in her new clothes. The hallway curves
text: away into the distance, lined with massive, ornate doorframes like
dialog: the one to her room.
text: Trying to get a better look, Nell searches the walls for a light
text: switch, but can't find one. She follows the chair rail back to --
scene_heading: INT. MEZZANINE - SUNSET (CONTINUOUS)
text: -- the mezzanine at the top of the stairs. She searches in vain
text: for a light switch there. Finally she spots a set of curtains and
text: slings them open.
text: The light, late-day though it is, makes her wince. The window
text: looks down on the driveway. Outside a BEIGE CAR crunches over the
text: gravel. Somebody else has arrived.
text: Nell watches the car move past, trying to get a glimpse of the
text: driver, but from up here, all she can see is roof.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Finally.
text: She backs away from the window, spins around --
text: -- and out of the darkness, powerful, mad, looms the visage of Hugh
text: Crain. It is the painting. It is only from up here on the second
text: floor with this curtain open that the FACE is visible in the late-
dialog: day sunlight.
text: Despite the artist's discretion, the lines in the man's skin, his
text: eyes, his posture, cry of unspeakable sickness.
text: Unconsciously, Nell takes a step back. In the far b.g., near the
text: end of one of the halls, a DOOR stands open, the second or third
text: set of doors in the Gothic Hallway left of the painting. Just as
text: it starts to come into view, and we're starting to see it, it
text: swings silently shut.
text: But Nell has caught the movement out of the corner of her eye.
scene_heading: INT. 2ND FLOOR HALLWAY, NORTH WING - DAY
text: Nell stares down the long hallway. Which door was it?
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Hello?
text: No response. She starts down the hall, slow at first, then faster.
text: She passes door after door, shadow after shadow, and as she nears
dialog: the end of the hall... there is no door here. Not within 20 feet
dialog: of, where we thought we just saw it.
text: A WHISPER. VOICES. Nell backs away. And then LAUGHTER. Behind
text: her. It's coming from another stairwell. Very real... and very
dialog: human.
scene_heading: INT. BACK STAIRWAY - DAY
text: Nell looks down from the top of the stairs. Below Mrs. Dudley and
text: THEO, 20s, exotic, sophisticated, in Vera Wang leather, wrestle with
text: a pile of designer luggage. Theo peers up. She's dark, sexy in an
text: amused, worldly way: someone who has seen and done it all.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: You may think I have a sickness
dialog: about packing, but asking people
dialog: to help me shlep the stuff I take
dialog: with me everywhere is a cheap and
dialog: exploitative way of making new
dialog: friends. My name's Theo.
text: Theo foists a very heavy bag off on Mrs. Dudley who looks like she's
text: been handed a snake. That makes Nell smile. She comes running down
dialog: to help with the bags.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: I'm Eleanor but everyone calls me
dialog: Nell. Eleanor Vance. Nell. I'm
dialog: really glad you're here. Really.
text: Theo is a little thrown by Nell's gushing.
speaker_heading: NELL (cont'd)
dialog: What a beautiful jacket.
text: Theo looks her over... and understands. Nell is desperate to be
dialog: liked.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: And what you're wearing, that's
dialog: great, too.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: This? It's from a thrift shop.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: What did it cost?
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Fifteen dollars.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: That'd be seventy in New York.
dialog: You stole it!
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: (embarrassed by the
dialog: simple truth)
dialog: It's all I could afford.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Wait. You're not wearing that
dialog: ironically? This is really you?
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: I don't know what you mean.
text: Mrs. Dudley, walking ahead, looks back at them. Then continues up.
text: Theo makes a face at Mrs. Dudley's back. Nell smiles, a little.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: A week. You and I? We're going
dialog: to have fun.
scene_heading: INT. THEO'S ROOM - DAY
text: Mrs. Dudley opens the door, letting Theo and Nell into a large
text: bedroom, a mirror-image twin of Nell's room, except it's decorated
text: in rich red-orange velvets.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: This is so twisted.
text: She dumps her stuff on the floor, grabs a banister on the four-
text: poster bed, swings cat-like onto its high mattress.
scene_heading: MRS. DUDLEY
dialog: I set dinner on the dining room
text: sideboard at six.
text: Mrs. Dudley lays Theo's suitcase on a luggage stand.
scene_heading: MRS. DUDLEY
dialog: Breakfast is at nine. I don't
dialog: stay after dinner. Not after it
text: begins to get dark.
text: Theo, back to Mrs. Dudley, rolls her eyes at Nell.
speaker_heading: MRS. DUDLEY (cont'd)
dialog: I leave, before dark. So there
dialog: won't be anyone around if you need
dialog: help.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: We couldn't even hear you.
text: Mrs. Dudley looks up at Nell who mimics her scary smile.
scene_heading: MRS. DUDLEY
dialog: No one could. No one lives any
dialog: nearer than town.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: No one will come any nearer than
dialog: that.
text: Mrs. Dudley smiles at Nell, but it's softer than before.
scene_heading: MRS. DUDLEY
text: In the night. In the dark.
text: Theo leans on the bed, musing at the exchange. And then Mrs. Dudley
text: backs out of the room, shuts the door.
speaker_heading: NELL (cont'd)
dialog: My room is right next door. I
dialog: think we share a bathroom.
text: Theo has an interesting eye on Nell, she's studying her.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Don't worry, I probably won't be
dialog: in here much. Light sleeper.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: That's why we're here.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: What do you do?
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: I'm between jobs right now. My
dialog: last job... it... the person I was
dialog: working for... the job ended.
dialog: Over. So... And you?
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: That depends.
text: Theo pops a dress bag on the bed, unzips it. Theo takes off her
text: coat, and is only wearing a black bra underneath. Nell reacts,
text: turns away. Back to the camera, Theo flicks off her bra, stretches.
speaker_heading: THEO (cont'd)
dialog: I'm supposed to be an artist, but
dialog: I've been really distracted from
dialog: work by love. Do you know what I
dialog: mean?
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Not really.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Don't tell me Boston is different
dialog: from New York.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: (she knows this
dialog: from magazines)
dialog: Ohh, sure, you have trouble with
dialog: commitment.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: My boyfriend thinks so, my
dialog: girlfriend doesn't. If we could
dialog: all live together... but... they
dialog: hate each other. It's hard to be
dialog: Miss Perversity when you're the
dialog: only one at the party. D'you know
dialog: what I mean?
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: (delighted)
dialog: A blank canvas! I could paint
dialog: your portrait, directly on you.
dialog: Or maybe not. So, you? Husbands?
dialog: Boyfriends? Girlfriends? Where
dialog: do you live?
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: I don't have anyone.
dialog: (beat, lying)
dialog: But I do have a little apartment
dialog: of my own. It has a little flower
dialog: garden. You can just see the
dialog: ocean. At night, when the wind
dialog: comes in just right, you can hear
text: the buoys in the harbor.
text: Nell peeks, sees Theo is decent, turns around.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: That sounds really nice. You're
dialog: lucky. But you know that.
text: Theo comes over, straightens Nell's seams; this is an intimate,
dialog: forward gesture.
speaker_heading: THEO (cont'd)
dialog: (with meaning)
dialog: Come on, we've seen enough of the
dialog: bedroom for now.
scene_heading: INT. 2ND FLOOR HALLWAY - DUSK
text: The long hall is lost in shadow, its long rows of doors waiting in
text: the deadening silence. A lamp on a pier table casts a small pool of
text: light. The walls glow in rich tones, the low-relief carvings a
dialog: worm's-wood of shadow.
text: Nell runs her hand over a wall panel as Theo peeks into a
text: neighboring room.
speaker_heading: NELL
text: So much carving. It's everywhere.
dialog: On everything.
text: Theo starts down the hall. Nell follows.
scene_heading: INT. RED PARLOR - DUSK
text: Nell and Theo enter a room just off the landing, a lavish parlor
text: with the omnipresent panelled walls, lush red carpet, velvet
text: curtains sweeping floor to ceiling, heavy pieces of furniture. Nell
text: watches Theo explore. As Theo moves through the room, Nell's eye
text: lands on another painting of Hugh Crain. Inside it's ornate golden
text: framework, distinctive little cherubs are embedded. Cherubs of
text: Death... She runs her fingers over it.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Maybe you shouldn't touch --
text: Theo twirls out of the room, Nell, anxious, behind her.
scene_heading: INT. MEZZANINE - DUSK
text: As they come out of Crain's study Theo stops at the top of the
text: stairs, Nell behind her.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Jeez.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: I know.
text: They stare out at Hugh Crain, the cracking and shadowing of the
text: swirls of oil that compose his face. The figure is daunting, but
text: dead. Just a painting. Four different hallways lead into the
text: mezzanine, all dark and endless in the stray light.
speaker_heading: NELL (cont'd)
dialog: Maybe we should wait for them
dialog: here.
text: Theo walks out, swings around.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Which one? Pick any.
text: Nell looks from one to another. She doesn't want to. But she
text: forces a smile and points to one on the left. They both disappear
text: into the dark gothic hallway.
scene_heading: INT. SMALL PARLOR (CONFUSING ROOMS) - DUSK
text: Theo breezes into a small parlor with heavy green velvet curtains,
text: panelled walls, rich settees. Other doors lead off the room. Nell
dialog: follows.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: This is a serious question, but do
dialog: you think the Dudleys ever make
dialog: love in this room? They're alone
text: in the house, no one watching. No
dialog: one... no one watching. You can
dialog: do what you want.
text: Theo goes running for another door and is out.
text: Nell, realizing she's being left behind, springs after her into
dialog: another mysterious hallway --
scene_heading: INT. STATUARY HALL - DUSK (CONTINUOUS)
text: -- into a wide hall lined with niches and classical statuary. Theo
text: strides down it pointing left and right, bending over, straddling
dialog: the pieces, provocative:
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Here. Here. Here.
dialog: (under a leering
dialog: gargoyle)
dialog: Oh yes! Oh yes oh YES! Here!
text: Nell laughs -- appalled and loving every minute of it.
speaker_heading: THEO (cont'd)
dialog: Can't you just see it?
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Theo!
scene_heading: INT. HALL OF MIRRORS - DUSK (CONTINUOUS)
text: Through a narrow passageway, and large double doors they suddenly
text: stand at the threshold of a fantastic ballroom lined with mirrors
text: and chandeliers. Rows of mirror-coated octagonal pillars, rise to a
text: vaulted, mirrored ceiling far above. With the door opening, there's
text: a CLICK, and a mechanism of some sort is activated. The FLOOR
text: begins to MOVE like a slow turntable.
text: Theo comes right up, looks over Nell's shoulder. Nell steps out.
text: She traipses out across the room, her million reflections waltzing
text: with her into infinity. Theo dances after her. They dance, not
text: quite together. Nell stops and pronounces:
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: I love this house. I really love
dialog: this house.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: (gently, recognizes
dialog: that Nell is
dialog: different)
dialog: You're okay.
text: Nell blushes... and they burst out laughing. They take off running,
text: their reflections with them, stampeding for an archway on the far
dialog: side of the room and out --
scene_heading: INT. 1ST FLOOR HALLS (VARIOUS) - DUSK (CONTINUOUS)
text: -- into yet another hallway. They race down the hall, turn into
text: another hall, then another, all dimly lit by the very last rays of
text: day, all furnished in the House's dark, impossibly complicated,
text: impossibly ornate fashion. As they go, the mood is growing darker,
text: the women unaware that they are getting lost.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: (having fun)
dialog: Rats! We're rats in a maze!
dialog: That's what this experiment is
dialog: going to be!
dialog: They open a door to --
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY OUTSIDE LOCKED ROOM - DUSK (CONTINUOUS)
text: They stand at the end of a long hallway to one of the House's
text: forgotten outlying wings. It is dark. Too dark. Nell and Theo
dialog: regard the darkness.
text: At the far end of the hall stand a pair of MAHOGANY DOORS, closed,
text: almost black, oily-looking. Surrounding them, an enormously complex
text: geometrical frieze.
text: The doors themselves are plain. In their simplicity there is
text: something about them enormously disturbing. It is as if the doors
text: are looking back at them, Nell goes cold. Theo holds herself.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: We should go back.
text: Theo nods. They turn around, Theo opening what she thinks was the
dialog: door they came through.
scene_heading: INT. NARROW STAIRCASE - DUSK
text: They hurry down a narrow staircase, Theo first, Nell right behind.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Theo, I'm scared --
text: They fly down a set of steps, Theo flings open a final door -- and
speaker_heading: SCREAMS!
scene_heading: INT. GRAND ENTRY - NIGHT
text: The Grand Entry, where they bump into LUKE SANDERSON, 20's, charming
dialog: and cynical.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Hi, Luke Sanderson, bad sleeper,
dialog: I'm your basic tosser-turner, and
dialog: you are...
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Uh... Nell Vance...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: And what kind of sleeper?
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Well, I... uh...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Obsessive worrier. Join the club.
dialog: (to Theo)
dialog: And you? I'd guess...
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: You'll never guess.
dialog: She won't answer.
text: Marrow comes in the front door. He looks at the house like
text: MacArthur studying a beachhead.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: There we are. You're Eleanor,
dialog: you're Luke, you're Theo.
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: Hi... hello... Dr. Marrow...
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: And this is Todd, he just came up.
text: TODD comes in.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Hi. I'm Todd Aubochon.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (1950's alien
dialog: spaceman)
text: Greetings fellow insomniac.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: (playing)
text: Greetings fellow sheep counter.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: And this is my assistant, Mary
dialog: Lambretta.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Greetings.
text: And Mary enters. Crossing the threshold, she catches her breath,
text: and when she comes into the hall and sees everyone, she also sees
text: the house in its detail. And she has a bad feeling.
text: Marrow is still putting everyone at ease.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: Eleanor, how was the drive?
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: You can call me Nell, Dr. Marrow.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: Nell. Good enough. And I'm Jim.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: I'm really... honored to be part
dialog: of this study, Jim.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: Well... we're glad to have you.
text: His smile is devastating. Nell reddens, instantly taken by Marrow's
text: warmth, observant sensitivity. Theo notices.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: Have either of you seen David
dialog: Watts?
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: No, but Nell's been here longer
dialog: than I have.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: I only saw Theo drive up.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Who's Watts?
speaker_heading: MARROW
text: The man who completes the group.
text: For a long moment they stand there, silent, looking at each other --
text: polite smiles, but awkward, even Marrow. One by one they all look
text: to him for a cue.
speaker_heading: MARROW (cont'd)
dialog: Well, why don't we get some dinner
dialog: while we're waiting for him?
dialog: (beat, backing
dialog: through the doors
dialog: to the Great Hall)
dialog: Welcome to Hill House, everyone.
scene_heading: INT. GREAT HALL - NIGHT
text: Marrow leads the way across the hall. The others check out the
text: furnishings as they pass.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: These old Victorian houses are
dialog: great, aren't they?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (points to details;
speaker_heading: ADJUST FOR SET)
dialog: It's not Victorian, everyone
dialog: thinks that the whole nineteenth
dialog: century was Victorian. This is
dialog: gothic, this is English Craftsman,
dialog: this is Romanesque. This is...
dialog: insane. Who lives here?
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: Nobody. A local mill owner, Hugh
dialog: Crain, built it in 1830. He had
dialog: no heirs, but he put the house in
dialog: trust, and the farmland around it,
dialog: with the stipulation that it never
dialog: be altered or sold. Crain's
dialog: executors made good investments
dialog: and for the last hundred and
dialog: twenty years, Hill House has taken
dialog: care of itself.
text: Mary is shaken by the house, but she's honoring Marrow's request.
text: Everywhere she looks, she feels the presence of something.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: So what's this study all about
dialog: anyway? Mary described the kind
dialog: of tests we'll be doing, but
dialog: didn't fill us in on the big
dialog: picture. She said you needed bad
dialog: sleepers, but this wasn't about
dialog: curing the problem.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I can tell you what this is about.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: Eat first, questions later, Mary,
dialog: please.
text: They exit the hall, Mary and Nell last, and as they do, Nell sees
text: Mary's strange look. She stops.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Is something wrong?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: No. Just... when I saw your
dialog: picture I had a feeling about you,
dialog: and now that I meet you, I know I
dialog: was right.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Eat first, questions later.
text: And suddenly awkward, Mary exits after the others.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: A chandelier hangs unlit over a long dining table. LAUGHTER. At
text: the end Nell and the others sprawl over the remains of a dinner
text: which has been going on for hours. Luke is opening another bottle
dialog: of jug wine.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: You know what I love about wine
dialog: that comes in bottles like this?
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Every year is a good year.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: Theo? It's your turn.
text: Theo twirls her wine glass, licks the dregs inside the rim,
dialog: thinking.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: The rest of you may hate your
dialog: insomnia, but I find it the best
dialog: time of the day for me. I'm
dialog: alone. Nobody's talking to me but
dialog: myself. My mind is racing with
dialog: ideas, and I can think.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Nah, you're going crazy with
dialog: doubt, all of your mistakes are
text: coming back up the pipes, and it's
dialog: worse than a nightmare. --
dialog: Nell isn't used to people being so direct and at the same time,
text: playful. She glances at Marrow's LEFT HAND: NO WEDDING RING.
speaker_heading: THEO (cont'd)
dialog: Excuse me.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Don't give me that look, it's
dialog: everybody's problem, we just have
dialog: different variations, I for
dialog: example. I fall asleep easily.
dialog: But I wake up around two or three
dialog: in the morning, every morning.
dialog: It's that time of night that
dialog: Fitzgerald called the deep dark
dialog: night of the soul. I stare
dialog: into... the abyss. Every night.
dialog: (breaks his own
dialog: somber mood)
dialog: It's the price I pay for being
dialog: such a jolly fellow.
dialog: (to Mary)
dialog: Y usted?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I think I'd fall asleep easily,
dialog: but just as I start to feel
dialog: comfortable, I see things in the
dialog: dark.
text: Nell hears this, Nell is tuned into Mary.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I feel the presence of something
dialog: watching me. It's not... scary...
dialog: not by itself but... I don't want
dialog: to go to sleep because I'm worried
dialog: about the thing attacking me. So
dialog: when I finally do fall asleep, I'm
text: like a soldier who's fallen asleep
dialog: at her post. I feel like I've
dialog: betrayed myself. Nell?
text: Nell wishes she could hide under her plate.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: All of you have such interesting
dialog: problems.
text: There's laughter.
speaker_heading: NELL (cont'd)
dialog: No... Please, I know how that
dialog: sounds but... You're all so
dialog: articulate. You know how to talk.
dialog: I feel like I'm here under false
dialog: pretenses. It's silly, it's not
dialog: like... well, all of you have
dialog: trouble sleeping because you live
dialog: in the world, and the world is
dialog: complicated and scary, but
dialog: nothing's ever happened to me. So
dialog: I don't have a reason to sleep
dialog: badly.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: You wrote that you had trouble
dialog: sleeping.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Yes, because someone was always
dialog: keeping me awake. Ever since I
dialog: was little. That was my job. I
dialog: took care of my mother and I had
dialog: to be there for her all night
dialog: long, and she woke up all the
dialog: time. And after she died, well,
dialog: it's been a few months, but I
dialog: still, I still wake up, it's... a
dialog: habit.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I know we've only known each other
dialog: a couple of hours, but I'm really
dialog: glad to be with people who let me
dialog: talk about this. I'm really happy
dialog: to be here with you.
text: Silence. The others are embarrassed by her sincerity. She's right,
dialog: Nell is not of their world.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: We're glad you're here.
text: He says this with enough sympathy for Theo to see his interest in
text: the girl in the thrift shop dress.
speaker_heading: MARROW (cont'd)
dialog: Why don't we move to another room?
scene_heading: INT. RED PARLOR - NIGHT
text: The HARP sings out, lively, expertly played by Mary. Theo, Luke,
text: Todd and Nell are impressed with her skill.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: It's an Erard. Late 1870s.
text: She plays, and as she does, she's aware of the room, and the house,
text: and she sees something in a curtain or the fireplace, or a window,
text: something at the edge of perception. She suddenly stops.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: What's wrong?
speaker_heading: MARY
text: The harp is out of tune.
text: She finds a key and begins TIGHTENING the strings -- as Marrow bangs
text: open the door, briefcase in one hand, CELL PHONE in the other. He
text: can't conceal his irritation. Marrow removes folders from his
text: briefcase, passes them around while she plays. Nell again studies
text: the Cherub of Death on the spine of the leather bound books.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: I'll have to count David Watts as
dialog: a no-show. So let's start. Thank
dialog: you, Mary.
text: That was a little abrupt, she feels it. Everybody finds a chair or
text: spot on the sofa. Mary remains on the stool by the harp. Marrow
text: sits in a large winged-back chair.
speaker_heading: MARROW (cont'd)
dialog: All right? So, to answer your
dialog: earlier question, Todd, why are we
dialog: here? What do we all need in
dialog: life, what are the basics? We
dialog: need food, we need water, we need
dialog: sleep. Sleep. All of you resist
dialog: it? Why? What does that mean?
dialog: Why do we resist sleep? My field
dialog: of study is the individual's
dialog: psychology of emotion and
dialog: performance.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: So why did you need the Addam's
dialog: Family mansion for a scientific
dialog: test?
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: I thought it best to be isolated,
dialog: to be in a location with a
dialog: definite sense of history, and I
dialog: wanted to make sure that it wasn't
dialog: so pleasant you'd all sleep too
dialog: easily. You'll be taking a
dialog: variety of tests, none of them
dialog: harmful, and you've got the house,
dialog: the grounds, and each other to
dialog: keep you company.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: When do we take the tests?
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: Every day. Basically we'll be
dialog: hanging out together like we have
dialog: so far this evening.
text: Nell and Theo are looking through their folders: sheets of paper,
text: bizarre geometric puzzles.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: Also, there is no phone service to
dialog: the House and no TV. I have the
dialog: cell phone for emergencies. We'll
dialog: begin the tests after breakfast
dialog: tomorrow.
text: The others shuffle through papers, Nell and Todd intent on them,
text: Theo interested but not overly so, Luke, bored.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Dr. Marrow, what is this house?
dialog: When she says this, we should be seeing her from an odd perspective,
text: the house's POV.
speaker_heading: MARROW (cont'd)
dialog: There was once a king who built a
dialog: palace. The King's name was Hugh
dialog: Crain. A hundred and thirty years
dialog: ago, when the Merrimack Valley was
dialog: the center of American industry,
dialog: Hugh Crain made two hundred
dialog: million dollars. That's forty-
dialog: three billion dollars in today's
dialog: money. He could have anything he
dialog: wanted. And what he wanted, was
dialog: Rene, his banker's beautiful
dialog: daughter. Rene, and a house
text: filled with children.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: All the carvings.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: But there's a sad catch to the
dialog: story.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: There were no children. Rene
dialog: died, and then Hugh Crain built
dialog: all of this, and then he died.
text: His heart was broken.
text: Nell shifts, looks at the house with a strange feeling.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: That's so sad.
text: This has been tense between them, a gunfight. POP! A LOG in the
text: fireplace makes everyone jump. Theo relishes it, but Nell shudders.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I think there's more to the story.
dialog: This house has its own music,
dialog: Doctor Marrow, I can play it for
dialog: you, I can hear it.
text: Mary plays, channeling unholy music from the house, from the walls,
text: from the curtain, from the air. Her fingers fly down the harp to
dialog: the THICKEST WIRE and --
text: -- TANG! Like a steel whip the wire SNAPS.
text: Mary SCREAMS in pain.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: My eye... oh... my eye... my
dialog: eye... oh... No...
text: The others leap up in shock. Blood lines the wall behind her. She
text: clutches at her eye, more blood spilling out from between her
dialog: fingers.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Oh Jesus.
text: Marrow and Theo rush over to her as she shrieks in pain.
text: Todd is frozen, pale, like he's about to be sick. Nell turns the
text: OTHER WAY, but not because she's scared -- she's searching for a
text: shot glass on a side table.
text: Marrow wraps Mary in his arms. Her shrieking becomes a terrified
text: but quieter wail.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: Mary, let me see your eye.
text: Nell appears by his side with the glass. Marrow pries Mary's hand
text: from her face.
text: Blood flows freely from the eyelid, but her eye is intact.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Here, cover it. Don't let her
dialog: touch it.
scene_heading: EXT. HILL HOUSE DRIVEWAY - NIGHT
text: Marrow slams the door on the passenger side of Todd's car. Mary
text: sits there, moaning, glass covering her eye, blood spilling out
text: around the edges. Luke is on her side of the car.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Keep your head back, that's it.
text: Todd opens his door. Marrow hands him a key.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: Here's my key to the gate. Call
dialog: me the second you know anything.
text: Todd takes it, jumps in. The two men watch the car drive away.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: That could have been worse.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: Yeah.
text: As they turn back, Marrow taps Luke.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: Luke, can I talk to you?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: Because... well, I know I can
dialog: trust you.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: I've read your tests.
text: That was half a joke, and both men smile. Now they're bonded.
speaker_heading: MARROW (cont'd)
dialog: There's something... I... I didn't
dialog: tell you everyth1ng about the
dialog: house, and about Hugh Crain... but
dialog: I'm asking you not to repeat it.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I can keep a secret.
text: They go in. The house is outlined by the sky and clouds and the
dialog: moon.
scene_heading: INT. MEZZANINE - NIGHT
text: Luke catches up with Nell and Theo as he reaches the mezzanine. The
text: painting of Hugh Crain, barely visible in the shadows, looms right
dialog: behind.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: He said that Hugh Crain... Hugh
dialog: Crain was a monster. He said that
dialog: he was a brutal, horrible man. He
dialog: told me that Crain drove his
dialog: workers to early deaths. Crain
text: had children chained to the looms
dialog: in his mill. And listen to this:
dialog: his beautiful Rene killed herself.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: And why didn't Marrow tell us?
dialog: Doesn't he trust women? That
dialog: fuck.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: (she's thinking
dialog: about the story,
dialog: not Marrow)
dialog: A monster? But he built this for
dialog: the woman he loved, like the Taj
dialog: Mahal.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: The Taj Mahal wasn't a palace, it
dialog: was a tomb. Why didn't he tell
dialog: us?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: He's trying to protect the
dialog: experiment. Personally, I don't
dialog: think he's got a large enough
dialog: sample for valid results, but as
dialog: long as the money's good, and the
dialog: food is good, I'm in.
text: He heads off. Theo turns to find Nell staring at the animal heads
text: on the stairs. Theo touches her. She starts.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Nell, it was an accident.
scene_heading: INT. MARROW'S BEDROOM (PART OF CONFUSING ROOMS) - NIGHT
text: Marrow, sitting at a desk, speaks into a digital voice recorder.
text: His voice is cold, analytical.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: Icebreaker exercise conducted over
dialog: dinner. Observed initial bonding
dialog: among subjects and experimenter.
dialog: After dinner first bland history
text: of House relayed. Nell appears
dialog: most susceptible to suggestive
dialog: history. Luke, who tested at the
dialog: bottom of the Levy-Mogel
dialog: Confidence Reliability Scale was
dialog: given the second part of the
dialog: story. We should see some results
text: tomorrow. Accident with harp,
dialog: while unfortunate... complements
dialog: the experimental fiction.
text: He turns off the machine, and then he says, ruefully:
speaker_heading: MARROW (cont'd)
dialog: Publish or perish.
text: He turns off the light. The shadows in the room are too much for
text: him. He turns the light on, and then pulls the blanket over his
dialog: head.
scene_heading: INT. NELL'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Nell finishes putting things away in drawers. Theo watches, leaning
text: in the doorway. Nell looks around at the room: and this is her new
text: family's new home. Theo smiles sweetly at her, comes over. An
text: awkward moment, as the seriousness drains away.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Ever try putting your hair up in a
dialog: French twist?
text: Theo reaches for Nell's hair. Nell pulls away. Theo pauses. Nell
text: realizes she shouldn't have pulled back.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Sorry. I'm not used to being
dialog: touched.
text: She moves closer to let Theo examine her hair. Theo takes Nell's
text: hair, holds it up in a French twist.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: You've been out of the world for a
dialog: long time, haven't you?
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Yes. I've missed it.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: No. The world has missed you.
text: Cautiously, Nell peers in a mirror at herself... and likes what she
text: sees. Theo lets Nell's hair drop. Theo moves for the door.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Good night, Theo.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: You, too. Happy tossing and
dialog: turning.
scene_heading: INT. NELL'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: As Nell steps OUT OF FRAME and starts undressing, the CAMERA finds
text: the carved mantle, the densely-packed scene of children at play,
text: their faces frozen in dark wooden smiles, their eyes blind but
text: staring OC where we sense Nell changing.
text: Now in a long tee-shirt, Nell crawls up onto the high bed. Its
text: headboard is heavy, dark, engraved with fan-like shapes, maybe
dialog: plants.
text: She draws the covers about her and peers up at the ornate headboard.
text: Something about it bothers Nell, but she can't put her finger on it.
text: She twists over on her side and turns out the light on the
text: nightstand. For a moment, all there is in the darkness is her
dialog: breathing --
scene_heading: INT. GREAT HALL - NIGHT
text: -- then almost silence. We pull back from the CHILDREN'S FACES on
text: the doors of the Great Hall to reveal the vast room standing in
text: darkness. Covens of strange shapes consort in the shadows, things
dialog: that in the day would be lamps, the stuff of life. But now, at the
text: very deepest limit of human hearing, it is as if SOMETHING EXHALES.
scene_heading: INT. GRAND STAIRWAY - NIGHT
text: It is black at the top of the stairs. The carved animal heads on
text: the balusters are all turned UP THE STAIRWAY, eyes starting in fear.
text: Waiting for something to walk down out of that blackness.
scene_heading: INT. HALL OUTSIDE LOCKED ROOM - NIGHT
text: Eyes. Eyes of all the mythological figures. STARING down the long,
text: black hallway. Awaiting something. Afraid.
text: At the end of the hallway, where all eyes are staring, the double
text: doors, the ones that scared Nell and Theo stand shut.
text: That something gathering at the edge of our hearing RISES. Rises as
dialog: if the House itself is breathing.
scene_heading: INT. NELL'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: BUMP. The sound thuds the stillness of the House. Bump. Bump.
text: Bump. Deep, hollow, distant like a dream. Nell sits up, still
text: asleep, body moving by reflex.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Coming, Mother!
text: WHUMP. The noise jars her consciousness, lighting up her mind, VERY
text: REAL. Nell remembers where she is.
text: Bump bang. It's coming from somewhere far off in the House. Nell
text: listens in cold dread.
speaker_heading: THEO (OC)
dialog: Nell!
text: Nell spins to the bathroom door, goes through --
scene_heading: INT. NELL'S BATHROOM - NIGHT (CONTINUOUS)
text: -- the unlit bathroom, slamming the door to her room behind her,
text: across and out the other door --
scene_heading: INT. THEO'S ROOM - NIGHT (CONTINUOUS)
text: -- into Theo's room. THUMP BUMP BUMP. Nell finds Theo right in
text: front of her, hair wet, kneeling in the bed, clutching her covers to
dialog: herself.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: What is it!?
text: The sound grows nearer. Out in the hall. Like something searching.
text: Coming toward them.
text: Nell lunges at the door. Theo grabs to stop her, and Nell sees the
text: door is DEADBOLTED. There's a RUSHING sound on the other side of
text: the tall door. Right there. Nell freezes. BUMP! BUMP!
speaker_heading: THEO (cont'd)
dialog: Nell!
text: Nell recoils to Theo's side, drags Theo out of bed to the corner of
dialog: the room.
text: Nell and Theo stare out AT US in terror. BUMP. BUMP. BUMP. BUMP.
text: Nell and Theo's eyes travel over the walls, following whatever it is
text: which now seems to be moving out here in the theater.
text: The SOUND moves along the wall to the right, reaching its loudest as
text: it crosses the back of the theater, then seems to come down the left
dialog: side.
text: Theo shivers. Nell clutches her close. Nell writhes, unable to
text: stand it any longer. She jumps up.
speaker_heading: THEO (cont'd)
dialog: Nell!
text: Nell charges the door, screaming:
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: No!
text: SILENCE. The bumping goes dead. Nell blinks, looks back at Theo.
text: But Theo is looking at her hands.
speaker_heading: THEO (cont'd)
dialog: Cold. Oh, God. Feel it.
text: She looks up in horror at Nell. Their breath FOGS in the air. Nell
text: holds her hand up in front of her, and as we watch HER HAIR PRICKLES
text: UP, GOOSEBUMPS WITH THEM.
text: Her eyes turn up to the door, and: BAMBABAMBAM BABBA BAM! The DOOR
text: JARS in its frame, leaping from the blows of whatever's on the other
dialog: side.
text: Nell backpedals but slips on the rug, falls there on the floor right
text: in front of the door. Theo SCREAMS.
text: Silence. The BANGING stops. With a RUSH, whatever is outside the
text: door is no longer there.
text: Nell looks at Theo.
text: Then Theo looks at the bathroom.
text: Nell starts for it, grabs Theo's door, but it's designed to be
text: locked from the BATHROOM SIDE. Nell looks up --
scene_heading: INT. NELL'S BATHROOM - NIGHT (CONTINUOUS)
text: -- and takes a step into the pitch-dark bathroom. Theo appears in
text: the doorway behind her. Across the bathroom the door to Nell's room
text: is closed. Nell dashes for it --
text: -- but A SUDDEN SCUTTLING SOUND stops her dead. On the other side
text: of the door. Rasping over wood. Like a thing without hands trying
dialog: to turn --
text: -- THE DOORKNOB. A long beat. The metal creaks as something takes
text: hold of it on the other side.
text: Nell, mouth open in cold horror, sees the deadbolt. It's open.
text: She's in no-man's land: too far from the door to lock it, too close
dialog: to run.
text: The doorknob TURNS, but just as the door starts to open NELL FLAILS
text: FORWARD AND SHOOTS THE DEADBOLT HOME.
text: The door jams against it. Nell jumps back. Theo grabs her back
dialog: into --
scene_heading: INT. THEO'S ROOM - NIGHT (CONTINUOUS)
text: -- her bedroom and slams the door. A long, deadly silent moment.
speaker_heading: NELL (cont'd)
dialog: It's in my room.
text: But their BREATH no longer fogs. Theo seems to notice the fact just
text: as Nell starts for her room and... KNOCK KNOCK KNOCK. Behind them.
text: At the door to the hall.
speaker_heading: LUKE (OC)
dialog: Hey! I heard screaming...
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Luke.
text: She grabs for the door and lets Luke in.
scene_heading: INT. NELL'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Nell's room stands silent, dark. The door to the bathroom is shut.
text: The lock slides open. The door swings in. Luke stands there, the
text: two women behind him.
text: Luke turns on the lights. The room is perfectly ordinary, no sign
text: that anything has been in here. The door to the hall is shut. Nell
dialog: reacts.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Nell and Theo, wrapped in blankets, sit over mugs of tea at the
text: kitchen table. Marrow, across from them, clicks off his digital
text: recorder. Luke paces behind the women.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: You really didn't hear anything?
text: Marrow takes his glasses off. Luke looks at him, then goes to the
text: kitchen sink. He turns both faucets on full blast and leans up
text: against the sink, arms folded. Theo and Nell turn to look at him.
dialog: A beat. And then:
text: BUMP. Bump bump. It's the sound. Luke goes over to the door,
text: pushes it open.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Oh, look! There he goes, ol' Hugh
dialog: Crain!
scene_heading: INT. GROUND FLOOR HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: VARIOUS SHOTS as the bumping seems to travel down the hallway. A
text: rushing sound with it. They're the same sounds, from the scene
text: before, but somehow have none of the impact, none of the presence as
dialog: they did in Theo's bedroom.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Luke lets the door shut, turns off the faucet. The sounds of the
text: plumbing die away.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Do you need me anymore? Cause I'm
dialog: going to bed. They can stay up
dialog: talking another 45 minutes if they
dialog: want, but I gotta try to get some
dialog: sleep.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: Go ahead.
text: Luke leaves the kitchen. Theo and Nell watch him go.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: If this was some sort of joke, I'm
text: going to kill him.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: You know it wasn't a joke, Theo.
text: Marrow watches the exchange closely.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: The cold sensation. Who felt it
dialog: first?
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Theo I think. You've asked us
dialog: that three times, Doctor Marrow.
dialog: What's going on?
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: How do you feel about Luke's
dialog: suggestion that it was just the
dialog: old plumbing? Water hammer,
dialog: something like that?
text: Theo and Nell look at each other in frustration. But Theo tries to
dialog: get her mind around the question.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: I did just take a bath. I don't
dialog: know.
scene_heading: INT. THEO'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: The room is a lot less frightening now, especially with the lights
text: on. Nell sits on Theo's bed. Theo looks at the walls, silent,
dialog: normal.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: I did just take a bath.
text: When Nell doesn't respond for a moment, Theo turns to her, sees her
text: wrestling with herself.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Mother always banged on the wall
dialog: when she needed me. The night she
dialog: died... I heard her, but I
dialog: pretended I didn't. I was just so
dialog: sick of it all. And then the
dialog: banging stopped. And in the
dialog: morning... she was dead. This is
dialog: the first I've ever said this to
dialog: anyone. That was the job I had,
dialog: Theo, it's the only job I've ever
dialog: known, and I failed. I'm actually
dialog: a bad person, Theo. The world
dialog: doesn't need me.
text: Theo shakes her head, brushes at her eyes. The confession, on the
text: top of the fright, has moved her deeply.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Oh, Nell. Eleven years. With all
dialog: due respect to your mother who I'm
dialog: sure was a saint, I'd have called
dialog: Doctor Kevorkian, if not for her,
dialog: for me.
text: It's such a horrible thought it makes Nell smile, and they share a
text: tearful laugh.
scene_heading: INT. NELL'S BATHROOM - NIGHT
text: Nell stands in the door to her room.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Good night, Theo.
text: Nell shuts the door. Theo is about to close her door, but
text: hesitates. She puts on the light and goes to the tub. She turns it
text: on, waits. Just the sound of the water. And no bumping.
scene_heading: INT. NELL'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Nell lies asleep under her sheet, the blankets off the end of the
text: bed. HOVERING OVER HER, on the headboard, the carved faces of
text: children, peering DOWN.
text: FLAP. FLAP flap. The fan-light at the top of the window right next
text: to the bed is OPEN a crack. The sheer curtains flap listlessly in a
text: gentle breeze. The flapping grows louder, and with a sudden gust
text: the curtain BILLOWS OUT. In its flowing form, we sense the SHAPE OF
text: A GIRL'S FACE, fleeting, so insubstantial we know we just saw her,
dialog: but maybe our eyes are playing tricks on us.
text: The CURTAIN blows straight out, touching the bedposts at the foot of
text: the bed, and there the wind catches the fabric hanging from them.
text: The Wind seem to sneak under the bedcover and the shape follows...
text: Nell sleeps, oblivious, the WIND filling the room, stirring the
text: tinkling crystal beads on the candelabra. The shape of the little
text: girl's face now travels underneath the bedsheets toward the pillows,
dialog: toward Nell.
text: Nell turns, restless, the AIR catches the edge of the pillowcase,
text: and travels towards Nell's face. And for a split second there is a
text: lifelike IMPRESSION OF A SMALL GIRL'S FACE. Nell almost awakens.
text: The crystal beads stir, and in their tinkling, in the sigh of wind,
dialog: we hear:
speaker_heading: GIRL VOICE
dialog: <i>Find us, find us Eleanor.</i>
text: Nell's eyes open. And like that, the pillowcase deflates, the air
text: rushes up the curtain to the window, and is gone.
text: Nell sits up, looks about her. Everything seems normal. Just her
text: sheets, just the curtains, but on the headboard remain the carved
text: faces. Benevolent. Nell settles back down on her pillow with a
dialog: sense of peace.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - DAY
text: Morning sun filters in through heavy drapes, falling on Marrow at
text: the dining table. Nell squeezes behind him and the sideboard behind
text: him to get at the coffee. Nell wears MAKE UP, badly applied, and
text: her HAIR IS UP in a French twist.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Sorry.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: For an American you do a good
dialog: imitation of the British at their
dialog: most apologetic.
dialog: (Veddy British)
dialog: Pardon me. Excuse me, sorry,
dialog: sorry...
text: Nell smiles. Theo walks in the door, sees Nell and Marrow, Nell
text: squeezed in behind him.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Am I that bad?
text: Theo is aware of Marrow's curiosity and fascination with Nell.
text: There's a jealousy brewing.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Well this is a cozy breakfast.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: Good morning, Theo. Luke.
text: Luke comes in behind Theo, tired-looking also. He goes to the
text: sideboard, starts helping himself to breakfast.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: After I went to bed, the second
dialog: time, after the... noise... I had
dialog: the best night's sleep of my life.
dialog: Anybody?
text: Marrow slept badly, we can see it in his eyes.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Yes. I feel realy rested, too.
dialog: Theo?
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: I guess. Oh, your hair! It looks
dialog: good.
text: But she means exactly the opposite. Marrow looks over Nell's hair,
text: but she can't stand it. Luke comes over to the table, drops into a
text: chair next to Nell, digs into breakfast. Theo's face turns into an
dialog: artificial smile.
speaker_heading: THEO (cont'd)
dialog: Your makeup too.
text: Nell sits there flustered. Marrow senses the jealousy, isn't quite
text: sure what to make of it, and intervenes.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: Eat your breakfast, Theo, then
dialog: we'll get started on the tests.
scene_heading: INT. GREAT HALL - DAY
text: CLOSE ON the complex PUZZLE of a field-cognition test. Nell
text: scratches solutions, erases, and finally looks up in frustration.
text: She sits alone, tiny, in the murk of the vast vaulted Great Hall.
text: The enormous chimney occupies half the wall on one side of the room.
text: Clusters of furniture -- overwrought chairs with animal heads,
text: splay-footed coffee tables, limbed lamps -- huddle in strange,
text: silent covens throughout. Nell, in a plush chair, lays the work on
text: a table beside her. The CLATTER of stone on stone makes Nell look
dialog: up.
text: The fireplace looms just beyond her cluster of chairs, large enough
text: for a man to stand in. A piece of mortar must have come loose.
text: Nell stares at the chimney. And a VOICE lets out a loud groan.
text: Nell JUMPS. She pops out of the chair. It came from another circle
text: of furniture in the shadows. A figure stands and comes over. It's
text: Luke, stretching.
speaker_heading: LUKE (cont'd)
dialog: I've been thinking about these
dialog: carvings. Kids. Lots of kids.
dialog: Fat little angel kids. Wild kids.
dialog: Kids with furry animals.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: The children. The children Hugh
dialog: Crain built the house for. The
dialog: children he never had.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Come on. These are the typically
text: sentimental gestures of a depraved
dialog: industrialist.
text: He puts his hand on a CHAIR, the back of which is heavily carved in
dialog: the motif he just described.
text: Nell turns him an appalled look.
speaker_heading: LUKE (cont'd)
dialog: Theo was working in the dining
text: room. She's probably done by now.
dialog: You finish?
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Couldn't get the last ones. You?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I did okay.
text: Nell looks at the test, tries to digest this.
speaker_heading: LUKE (cont'd)
dialog: We could do this stuff anywhere.
dialog: I don't know what he's up to yet.
dialog: But like I said, that's the fun.
dialog: It has something to do with this
dialog: environment.
text: Luke just smiles, rises. We'll see.
text: He walks off, his footsteps echoing in the vast room. The door
text: shuts after him.
text: Nell sags in her chair. Then something catches her eye. On a table
text: opposite, a SET OF KEYS. Nell goes, picks them up. Car keys, house
text: keys. Must be Luke's. She pockets them, thoughtful, but just as
dialog: she does --
text: -- something MOVES in the fireplace. So fleeting Nell can barely
text: see it, and we only catch a frame of it. But the iron MESH CURTAIN
text: hanging in front of the hearth is STILL SWAYING.
text: Nell stands there FROZEN. The massive fireplace LOOMS before her,
text: like a monstrous mouth, black as pitch beyond the black metal
dialog: curtains.
text: The swaying metal scrapes over brick floor. Its eerie, repetitive
text: screep cutting to the nerve.
text: Nell sits paralyzed, rooted to the chair. SCREEP. SCREEP. SCREEP.
text: A SINGLE STRAND of NELL'S HAIR stirs toward the fireplace, and --
text: -- SOMETHING INSIDE THE FIREPLACE MOVES BEHIND THE MESH!
text: Nell CRASHES back over her chair, knocking over a lamp and table,
text: tripping, stumbling out of the furniture.
text: Holy shit. Whatever moved in there was real. Big, dark, like
text: something's head. It goes out of focus and we can't see it as we
dialog: follow --
text: -- NELL flying away, across the room in headlong terror.
scene_heading: INT. FOYER - DAY
text: Nell slams out of the room, skidding as the door slams behind her.
text: She sways up off the floor to run --
text: -- right into Marrow and Theo's legs. Nell aborts a scream,
text: realizing who it is. Theo stands there in surprise, holding papers
text: in her hand.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: There's someone in there! There's
dialog: someone in there in the fireplace!
scene_heading: INT. GREAT HALL - DAY
text: Nell and Theo stand behind Marrow and Luke across from the
text: fireplace. Theo glances at Nell. Nell is shaken.
text: Marrow nods to Luke, and they start forward together, Marrow among
text: the furniture to the left, Luke down the right side.
text: The iron screens hang silent in the fireplace, black, impenetrable.
text: Marrow and Luke come up on either side, Luke ducking this way and
text: that trying to get a glimpse through the mesh.
text: They stop before it, neither breathing, both listening. Marrow
text: steps forward and pulls one screen aside far enough to look in.
speaker_heading: DARKNESS.
text: Nell and Theo watch, apprehensive.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Jim...
text: Marrow sticks his head into the fireplace. For a long moment,
dialog: nothing happens.
text: IN THE FIREPLACE: pitch darkness. Marrow feels up the chimney.
text: AND THEN SOMETHING SWINGS DOWN RIGHT IN FRONT OF HIS FACE! Marrow
text: doesn't flinch.
text: He FLINGS back the screen, revealing the only things in the
text: fireplace: two massive andirons, and the still-swinging FLUE. It's
text: cast-iron, forged in the shape of a LION'S HEAD.
text: Luke throws back the other screen. Theo comes over. Nell follows.
text: There's nothing else in the fireplace.
text: Luke and Theo stare at Nell. Marrow squats to study the hearth.
text: The large iron ASH-DROP is coated in soot.
text: Not a mark on it. He opens it. Inside, a glimpse of ASHES and
text: CHARRED WOOD. Marrow stands, looks at Nell.
speaker_heading: NELL (cont'd)
dialog: Somebody was in here. I saw him.
text: Marrow looks at her, not sure what to believe. Nell turns to Luke
text: and Theo for help. Not from that corner. Then Nell remembers,
text: reaches into her pocket and produces the KEYS. She holds them up to
dialog: Luke.
speaker_heading: NELL (cont'd)
dialog: Are these yours? I found them
dialog: right over there.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Who drives a Toyota?
text: Theo shakes her head. They aren't Marrow's. Marrow takes the keys
text: from Nell, turns them over.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Maybe they're Mary's.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: Mary came with me.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: When I first got here I saw a gray
dialog: car pull up. I thought it was one
dialog: of us.
scene_heading: EXT. HILL HOUSE - DAY
text: They stand on the front steps. Nell's car is right there under the
dialog: car port.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: This is my car.
text: Theo gestures to a sports car on the circular drive. Two other cars
text: are with it. They walk out into the driveway.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: And those are Luke's and mine.
speaker_heading: LUKE
text: There's a carriage house around
dialog: back.
scene_heading: EXT. CARRIAGE HOUSE - DAY
text: Together they approach a stable/carriage house off to one side of
text: the main House. It looks old, unused. They enter through a small
dialog: door.
scene_heading: INT. CARRIAGE HOUSE - DAY
text: Light filters in through gaps in the wood. Luke opens one of the
text: main doors with a loud SQUEAK, the sun revealing a TARP-COVERED
text: SHAPE, a carriage. Unused in a hundred years. A row of tarp-
text: covered carriages fill the stalls into the distance.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Well, this lot is full!
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: He must have left. Didn't like
dialog: the looks of the place or
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: How could he have left without his
dialog: keys?
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Two sets. I don't know. Maybe
dialog: they're not even his.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Then he's got to be in the
dialog: house...
text: As they leave, the CAMERA LINGERS on a covered shape in one of the
text: stalls, SMALLER than the other carriages, it could be a car. A
text: broken wagon wheel leaning against it.
scene_heading: INT. STATUARY HALL AND SHORT MONTAGE THROUGH HOUSE - DAY
text: Marrow, Theo and Luke move down the hall, opening doors left and
text: right as Nell stands at the center of it all.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: Watts!
text: No answer. The statuary peers down on Nell. Dead faces on busts.
text: Blind marble eyes.
scene_heading: INT. VARIOUS ROOMS AND HALLS - DAY
text: Luke calls out.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Watts! Oh Watts! Here Wattsy...
scene_heading: INT. VARIOUS ROOMS AND HALLS - DAY
text: Marrow is looking for him, too.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: Watts! Can you hear us?
scene_heading: INT. VARIOUS ROOMS AND HALLS - DAY
text: Nell and Theo, walking into rooms.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Watts?
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: What's his first name?
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: David.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: David? David Watts? Can you hear
dialog: us? David! Daviiiiid!
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - DAY
text: Marrow comes through the kitchen. Mrs. Dudley, chopping carrots,
text: stands by the counter. Only the slightest pause in the rhythm of
text: her chopping says she's noticed him.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: Do you know who these keys belong
dialog: to?
scene_heading: MRS. DUDLEY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: I was expecting another guest
dialog: yesterday. A man, David Watts.
dialog: Did you see him?
scene_heading: MRS. DUDLEY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: Is your husband around? I'd like
dialog: to --
scene_heading: MRS. DUDLEY
dialog: -- Haven't seen him.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: Thank you.
text: Frustrated, he continues on.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY OUTSIDE LOCKED ROOM - DAY
text: Nell and Theo walk down the long hallway behind, opening doors,
dialog: checking rooms.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: David?
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Maybe he never came in. If he'd
dialog: come in, he would have left his
dialog: bags at the door, right? Or maybe
dialog: he got here early, and went for a
dialog: walk, and fell. Maybe he's
dialog: outside.
text: Nell closes a door on the right, and then stops dead. Staring.
text: The shut, dark, door, the one that scared Nell and Theo earlier,
text: awaits them at the end. Ominous.
text: Nell approaches. Closer and closer. The door nears.
text: Nell wraps her arms tightly about herself and try's to open the
text: door. It's locked. Her BREATH FOGS THE AIR. She doesn't notice
text: it. But then she suddenly GAGS. With a look of horror she recoils
text: from the door, choking, covering her face.
text: Then Theo smells it. The women are both sick from the smell.
speaker_heading: THEO (cont'd)
dialog: Oh my God, what is it? Oh, the
dialog: smell... ohhh.
text: Marrow comes into the hallway. He sees them from a distance.
dialog: ON the two women.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: (looks to Nell for
dialog: an answer)
dialog: Is it over?
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: No, it's getting worse.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: Nell! What's wrong?
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: That smell... oh, God.
text: Theo blanches, looks at Nell. She smells it too, and in mirror
text: image fashion backs away from the doors also. Marrow notices the
text: exchange, and watches them, intense. And then, in a heartbeat, the
text: moment is over.
scene_heading: EXT. VERANDA - DAY
text: The RED LIGHT on Marrow's DIGITAL VOICE RECORDER blinks. The device
text: is in Marrow's jacket pocket, CONCEALED from Nell. They're sitting
text: in Adirondack chairs on the long veranda behind the House. Marrow,
text: beside her, observes.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: What did it smell like?
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: It was very specific.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: (so tell me...)
dialog: All right...
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: In the bathroom in my mother's
dialog: room, the toilet was next to an
text: old wooden table. It smelled like
dialog: that wood.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: So... smell... is... Smell is the
dialog: sense that triggers the most
dialog: powerful memories. And a memory
dialog: can trigger a smell.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: I wasn't thinking about my
dialog: mother's bathroom.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: What happened after you smelled
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: NELL
text: I looked at Theo. She had a look
text: on her face.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: Like she smelled it too?
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: And then what happened?
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: I got more scared.
dialog: Marrow thinks about this.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: Hmm.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: I'm sorry. I'm messing up the
dialog: study.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: No you're not. Something moved
dialog: you. You saw something.
text: Nell looks to him. He's sincere. He believes her.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: I don't know. Maybe I...
text: "Didn't" she almost says. She struggles, embarrassed.
speaker_heading: NELL (cont'd)
dialog: I haven't been with people in a
dialog: long time.
text: Marrow settles in his chair, looks out at the forest.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: I really haven't either.
text: Nell peers at him, doubtful. Is she being made fun of?
speaker_heading: MARROW (cont'd)
dialog: I mean, I'm surrounded by people,
dialog: day in, dayout. Students,
dialog: colleagues.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But most of the time, even when
dialog: I'm with them... you know... It's
dialog: all about power, there's not much
dialog: room for actually getting to know
dialog: someone or having someone getting
dialog: to know you.
text: Nell's face flushes with compassion. With longing. Marrow looks at
text: her. He's vulnerable. Needing. She doesn't dare hope. The moment
dialog: lasts a few heartbeats.
text: He looks away. A flicker of distress crosses Nell's face. And then
text: she realizes Marrow is looking at --
dialog: -- Luke.
speaker_heading: LUKE (cont'd)
dialog: You have to see something.
scene_heading: INT. GRAND STAIRWAY - DAY
text: Luke, Nell and Marrow mount the stairs, climb up and up. They find
text: Theo in the mezzanine staring at the wall at the painting. She
text: turns and looks at Nell strangely.
text: Nell, confused, turns around. On the wall and the painting are dark
text: stains. Black. Blue. Runny. Almost like something leaking from
text: the roof has run down.
text: Nell steps back. The stains are the letters N and O. Pulling back
text: farther: the rest of the word ELEANOR.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: My name.
text: She follows the streaking substance up, blinking in rising fear as
text: more running letters appear. The word: WELCOME. And higher up, the
dialog: last: HOME.
speaker_heading: NELL (cont'd)
dialog: No...
text: But the substance doesn't come from the ceiling.
text: It is as if the oils on the PAINTING OF HUGH CRAIN have been boiled
text: by a heat gun and blasted off, running down from there. Hugh's face
text: is gone. In place of the face, the underlying ivory of the canvas
text: glares out... like a skull.
text: Nell SCREAMS and runs away, the others calling out after her in
text: alarm. As they vanish around the corner, the camera tilts down and
text: we discover smeared paint on the floor. Smeared, it seems, WITH
text: LITTLE FOOTPRINTS in it.
scene_heading: INT. RED PARLOR - DAY
text: Nell, panic rising in her voice, confronts the others.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Welcome Home Eleanor. Welcome
dialog: Home? I've never been here. Who
dialog: did this?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: It's somebody's idea of a joke.
text: She looks at all three of them.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Who did this? Why are you doing
dialog: this? I don't know any of you.
dialog: You don't know me. Why are you
dialog: doing this to me?
text: Luke shakes his head. Theo starts getting pissed. Marrow stands
text: there, arms folded, observing.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I didn't do it.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: You could have.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: So could you! Is this some fucked
dialog: up idea of art, putting someone
dialog: else's name to a painting?
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Theo... Did you?
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Maybe you did it yourself.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: I don't know. You've been alone
dialog: for a long time, maybe you want
dialog: attention.
dialog: (pointing to
dialog: Marrow)
dialog: Maybe he did it...
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: I didn't. You know that, Nell.
text: This is horrifying to Nell, being doubted and accused of something
dialog: so ugly if it were true.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: I don't know anything. Whoever
dialog: did this, please, just... just say
dialog: so... just... please... this is
dialog: cruel. Don't be cruel to me. I
dialog: can't stand it. You don't know
dialog: me.
text: And she runs out.
text: Nell grabs for the door to leave.
text: She flings open the door. MONSTROUS arms seem to grab at her. But
text: it's only a wild-looking coat rack in the hall.
scene_heading: EXT. 2ND FLOOR BALCONY - DAY
text: Nell stands at the railing of a stone balcony on the house's second
text: floor. The air stirs her hair. She peers up at the House's
text: roofline, its clusters of misplaced windows and other features like
text: so many screaming heads.
text: Chilled, she pulls her sweater closer. Marrow comes out onto the
text: balcony from twin French doors behind her.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Are you coming to confess?
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: I wish I were. I wish I had done
dialog: it, then I could confess and you'd
dialog: be at peace. That great moral
dialog: philosopher Frank Sinatra once
dialog: said to someone he loved, I wish
dialog: you had an enemy, so I could beat
dialog: him up.
text: She smiles.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Let's say it wasn't you. Who did
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: It was a stupid thing to do.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: It was.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: (for the absurdity
dialog: of the idea)
dialog: Welcome Home.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: You'll never see it again. Mr.
dialog: Dudley's taking care of it.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'm sorry, Nell. Can I show you
dialog: something you'd like to see?
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: (still too shaky
dialog: for enthusiasm)
dialog: Sure.
scene_heading: INT. GREENHOUSE - DAY
text: Marrow lets Nell into a long, Victorian-era GREENHOUSE. It's
text: overgrown, lush, the leaded-glass panes above stained with years of
text: condensation and pollen. Vines and trees climb up the sides. Beds
text: of flowers and plants line narrow footpaths of brick.
text: Nell leans down to look into a WATER GARDEN with a STATUE OF A MAN
text: bursting from the surface, grasping for the air as if he had been
text: drowning. A sudden rumble runs throughout the greenhouse. And A
text: CAVALCADE of water comes out of the STATUE'S mouth surprising Nell.
text: She lets out a little yelp, and then laughs with Marrow.
text: Nell loves the greenhouse. It takes her breath away.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Oh... it's so beautiful...
text: Nell makes her way among the plants. She looks up at a TOWERING,
text: DOUBLE-HELIX STAIRCASE which rises from the floor to a platform
text: which gives access to the roof. Below the staircase are planters
text: filled with violets.
speaker_heading: NELL (cont'd)
dialog: Violets. Somebody must've died
dialog: here.
text: And then, out of the corners, comes Mister Dudley.
speaker_heading: MR. DUDLEY
dialog: That's where she hanged herself.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: MR. DUDLEY
text: Rene Crain. Up there. Rope.
text: Ship's hawser. Hard to tie.
dialog: Don't know how she got it.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: That's enough, Mister Dudley.
speaker_heading: MR. DUDLEY
text: She stepped off the platform.
text: (he looks up, with
dialog: a suggestive leer)
dialog: They had long skirts in those
dialog: days.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: Thank you, Mister Dudley,
dialog: please...
speaker_heading: MR. DUDLEY
dialog: House is full of stories. If you
dialog: know how to read these things,
dialog: it's an open book. Just a
dialog: different library than the kind
dialog: you're used to.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: MR. DUDLEY
dialog: Why'd she kill herself?
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: MR. DUDLEY
dialog: (what other reason
dialog: is there?)
dialog: She was unhappy.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: MR. DUDLEY
dialog: Can't say. Haven't been here that
dialog: long.
dialog: (he's off)
dialog: Well, it's Labor Day, gotta get to
dialog: work.
dialog: And off he goes.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: That's a horrible story.
text: Nell looks up, and smiles.
speaker_heading: MARROW (cont'd)
dialog: You're smiling.
text: Marrow watches her as she moves about, takes a heavy, ripe bloom in
text: hand, lifts it to her face. While she talks, she walks, and Marrow
dialog: follows.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: I was just thinking how happy I am
dialog: right now. All my life, I've been
dialog: waiting for an adventure. And I
dialog: thought, oh, I'll never have that,
dialog: adventures are for people who
dialog: travel long distances, that's for
dialog: soldiers, that's for the women
dialog: that the bullfighters fall in love
dialog: with. And here I am, and
dialog: something is happening to me.
text: Strange noises in the night.
dialog: Paintings are calling to me. And
dialog: all it cost to get there was five
dialog: gallons of gas. I'm getting my
dialog: adventure.
dialog: For the first time since we've seen Nell, there is something to her
text: which is simply... erotic. Marrow follows her down one of the
text: footpaths. She smiles back at Marrow as he trails her. She reaches
text: a transept in the greenhouse, and as she turns down it, there's the
text: slightest sway to her gait. Marrow follows her around the corner
text: into the transept. At the far end the wall is completely overgrown.
text: Nell looks up through the ceiling at Hill House looming grim
text: outside, distorted in the old glass.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: Someone is playing with you.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: It doesn't matter. Even if
dialog: they're tormenting me, someone
dialog: wants me. What I do with this is
dialog: up to me. I can be a victim, or I
dialog: can be a volunteer. And I want to
dialog: be the volunteer.
text: Nell glances at him, and for that split second she is raw,
text: passionate woman. She walks away, the sway in her gait aching,
text: powerful. Marrow is surprised by what Nell just said and stares at
text: her as she comes to the overgrown end. Nell reaches out to the
text: hanging vines, pulls them aside...
text: ...and A FACE stares out. Gastly. White. Nell takes an
text: involuntary step back, a little gasp.
text: The face is marble. Blind eyes stare from stained cheeks. It is a
text: STATUE OF CRAIN. Marrow comes over.
text: It's an enormous stone tableaux of Hugh surrounded by cherubim. The
text: plants have attacked it as if trying to wipe its funerary presence
dialog: from the greenhouse.
speaker_heading: NELL (cont'd)
dialog: Hugh Crain. Can't seem to get
text: away from him.
text: She laughs a little at herself. Marrow joins in. He helps her pull
text: the plants back to reveal more of it.
text: She reaches out, touches the marble cheek. Then daring, grins, and
text: begins to hum her TUNE.
text: Marrow steps back to watch her do a sensual slow-dance with Hugh
text: Crain, pirouetting, her hips sliding past... hypnotizing Marrow.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: What is that tune?
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: I don't know. A lullaby I guess.
dialog: My mother used to hum it to me.
dialog: And her mother before that, and so
dialog: on.
dialog: (to the statue)
dialog: Hugh Crain, would you care to
dialog: dance?
text: She hums another two notes, and BANG! The door behind her SLAMS
text: OPEN in a gust of wind, jolting Nell. She stops and stares.
text: Outside the window, through the glass, she sees Mr. Dudley, staring
text: at her, he's been watching her dance. The spell is broken. Nell,
text: embarrassed, can't bear to look at him.
text: A beat, and then Marrow goes over and shuts the door. When he turns
dialog: back --
text: -- Nell is just vanishing around the corner, her rapid footsteps
text: echoing in the vaulted room.
scene_heading: EXT. REAR LAWN - DAY
text: Nell hurries away from the House, across the rear lawn, ashamed at
text: herself as much as she is spooked.
text: In the distance Mr. Dudley is walking toward the House with cans of
text: paint cleaner an a ladder. Nell stops, watching him. He senses
text: her, pauses, and smiles.
text: Nell reacts. Sees the ladder. Then Mr. Dudley disappears into the
dialog: House.
text: Nell once again starts to hurry away, but looking back over her
text: shoulder, almost impales herself on the rusted iron fence of --
scene_heading: EXT. FAMILY CEMETERY - DAY (CONTINUOUS)
text: -- the tiny Crain family cemetery. Nell catches herself. A small
text: swinging gate bars the way. She hesitates.
text: Nine moss-covered headstones show the wear of a long century. Eight
text: small headstones, one large one. A half dozen unmarked stones in
dialog: the grass: stillbirths.
text: Nell is drawn into the graveyard. The large stone is RENE CRAIN'S.
text: The smaller ones are her children's.
text: Nell's heart is breaking as she moves among them: the various names.
text: One reads ADAM CRAIN APRIL 5th 1874 -- ... The rest of the date is
text: covered by growth. She clears it away. April 6th, 1874.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Only two days.
text: There is an EPITAPH, almost wiped out by lichens. Nell kneels to
dialog: read it.
speaker_heading: NELL (cont'd)
dialog: The blest are the dead / Who see
dialog: not the sight / Of their own
dialog: desolation...
text: Nell, disturbed but not knowing what to make of it, rises from the
text: gravestone, turns to the next. ELISA CRAIN AUGUST 21ST, 1878 -- She
text: clears it away: August 21, 1878. The blasphemous epitaph here:
speaker_heading: NELL (cont'd)
text: A father's joy unjustly snatch'd
dialog: by a jealous God...
text: Nell is shaken, and dreading what she will find next, whirls to the
text: one behind her: WENDY CRAIN JANUARY 1 , 1880 -- She clears it away
dialog: -- January 1, 1880. And its graven commandment, so familiar, so
text: comforting, now rings with terrible, malevolent promise:
speaker_heading: NELL (cont'd)
dialog: Suffer the little children unto
dialog: me.
text: There are three more grave stones, and after clearing away the
dialog: brush, they too show that the babies died after a few hours, or a
text: day. There's the same symbol on the graves of the children, a
dialog: cherub of death. We've seen this image before. Nell backs out of
text: the cemetery, afraid.
scene_heading: INT. MEZZANINE - DAY
text: Nell hurries down the mezzanine to the doorway which leads to the
dialog: Red Parlor.
scene_heading: INT. RED PARLOR - DAY
text: She stands there a beat staring in at the volumes upon volumes of
text: books. Nell is unsure of what she's looking for. She looks at
text: Crain's painting and recognizes the same Cherubs inside the ornate
text: frame. The background in the painting IS THE RED PARLOR. Then
text: recognizes in the painting an OPEN BOOKCASE BEHIND CRAIN.
text: Intuitively, she turns toward the same bookcase across from her and
text: is able to push it open. Inside a small stairwell...
scene_heading: INT. CRAIN'S SECRET STUDY - DAY
text: Down the circular stairs Nell enters a very small dusty room.
text: Velvet curtains drawn shut, only a sliver of sunlight showing
text: through. As her eyes adjust, she makes out the furnishings of a
text: late-nineteenth century office, Crain's secret office.
text: The bookcases filled with business ledgers. The business ledgers
text: are stamped with the cherub of death.
text: At the end is an enormous desk. Behind it a massive, carved chair
text: covered with a sheet, only its lion-head arm rests protruding from
text: underneath. Nell realizes it's:
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Crain's study.
text: She moves for the desk. An ENORMOUS MIRROR, its silver inner
text: surface flaking with age, tarnished, reflects the room, the desk,
text: and FOR A SPLIT SECOND, A SHADOW IN THE CHAIR. Nell steps in front
dialog: of it, blocking our view.
text: And when she steps past, there is only the dim, flaking image of the
text: chair, the natural shadow of the room.
text: Nell goes around the desk, stands over it. The chair sits silent
text: behind her, shrouded.
text: On the desk sits a set of ledgers marked with mill names -- Lowell,
dialog: Haverhill, Manchester -- and years: 1884, '85 and so on. She flips
dialog: one open.
dialog: THE LEDGER is a payroll account. Names upon names of workers
text: rendered in sepia by Crain's severe cursive. Notations in the
text: column beside it indicate man, woman, or child and the appropriate
text: wage for each class of worker. Many of them, at least a third, are
dialog: children.
text: NELL reacts. Disturbed by it. She shifts closer to that damn chair
text: behind her. The sheet hangs over it in such a way that someone
text: could be sitting there under it.
text: She turns the page. Columns indicate pay, and so on. But one
text: column, at the very center of the book, hidden in the binding, is
text: unlabeled. Down the column, some names have a line drawn through
text: them, and at the end of the line, a CROSS.
text: Nell follows them back, eyes searching across the ledger.
text: She turns the page, pushes the book down revealing that concealed
text: column, more crosses. And more. Her eyes flick back and forth.
text: The crosses are paired with entries for CHILD. She looks their
dialog: names...
speaker_heading: NELL (cont'd)
text: Erin, Peter and Sean and Emily and
dialog: Elizabeth... who are you? And
dialog: you? What happened to you? You
dialog: died... How did you die?
text: Nell turns the pages. More and more crosses. Dozens. Scores.
text: Nell sinks down into Crain's chair and tears come to her eyes. We
dialog: see the book.
scene_heading: INT. GRAND STAIRWAY - NIGHT
text: The painting is right there now. The letters have been erased.
scene_heading: INT. NELL'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: We see the ledger, and pull back, and the ledger is in Nell's lap.
text: Nell sits on the bed in her sleeping tee-shirt and undies. Theo
text: looks at the book with her.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: That's so sad.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: There's hundreds of them. This
dialog: must be a record of the children
dialog: who died at the mills, like Luke
dialog: said.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Before he painted your name over
dialog: Mister Crain.
text: Theo hands her the bottle. Nell takes it, tops off her glass,
text: spilling. Her face is red. She grimaces as she tosses back a big
dialog: swallow.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: You really think it was Luke?
text: Theo takes another swig. She holds bottles of nail polish up next
text: to Nell's bare feet, testing the colors.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Well, it wasn't me. Mister Dudley
dialog: had to clean it and he knows that
dialog: he's in charge of all the messes
dialog: so why would he make more work for
dialog: himself and...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You said the Good Doctor was with
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: (pondering)
dialog: I don't know what to think
dialog: anymore.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Just think about one thing right
dialog: now: What color?
text: Nell finally puts the book down and takes a drink.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: I've never had a pedicure before.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Well?
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Red.
dialog: (into this now)
dialog: What else?
text: Theo smiles and takes Nell's foot gently in her hand. She begins to
text: paint her toenails.
speaker_heading: THEO (cont'd)
dialog: See, isn't this better than a hit
dialog: on the head?
text: Nell looks down her long legs at Theo.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: I'm sorry I was mad at you, Theo.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Me too. Although I learned one
dialog: thing about you, that you don't
dialog: know about yourself. You can be a
dialog: pretty decent bitch.
text: Nell shoots down the rest of the glass of wine.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: I'll take that as a compliment.
dialog: (beat, trying to
dialog: sound casual)
dialog: In the city, what kind of place do
dialog: you live in?
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: I have a loft.
text: Nell is thrilled with this.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: A loft. That's a lot of room for
dialog: one person. Probably. Maybe
dialog: there's room for...
text: Theo looks up, understands what she's asking.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: You want to move to New York, you
dialog: want to move in with me?
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: I don't know, you know...
text: Nell lies back, arms spread, lets the glass roll out of her hand.
text: Theo paints Nell's toenails one by one, carefully guiding the brush
text: strokes in along the skin. Nell, unused to this, gives into the
text: pleasure, and Theo sees how easy it is to move Nell.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: My place isn't like yours, Nell,
dialog: it doesn't have a view of sea. It
dialog: doesn't have a view of anything.
dialog: What's interesting about the way I
dialog: live is what goes on inside the
dialog: walls. Living with me... My
dialog: boundaries aren't very well
dialog: defined, Nell. Do you know what I
dialog: mean?
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: I'm trying. Have you ever kept
dialog: something to yourself because you
dialog: were afraid it'd ruin things.
text: Theo looks up at her, unreadable.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: All the time.
text: Nell lets out a sigh. Gently Theo's hand moves down the arch of
text: Nell's foot. Caressing. Nell lets her.
text: Theo finishes Nell's last little toe, and then with the brush out of
text: paint, runs it gently up the inside of Nell's calf. Nell sighs.
text: Theo lowers her face near Nell's toes, licks her lips: soft, near,
text: red. She blows.
text: Nell raises herself up, peers down at Theo. Sees the want on her
text: face. A long beat.
text: Nell breaks the gaze, looks away. Theo reads Nell's look, and
text: releases her foot. She sits back in the chair. For a moment Nell
dialog: doesn't know what to do.
speaker_heading: NELL (cont'd)
dialog: I better go to bed.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Are you sure?
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: I think so.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Okay.
scene_heading: INT. NELL'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Nell closes the door and sits at the vanity brushing out her hair
text: for bed. Her motions are languid in the light of the single small
text: lamp, off-balance with the wine.
text: Her HAIR brushes out in long, even strokes. The brush moves through
text: it, lifting it and letting it fall.
text: IN THE MIRROR the brush draws through Nell's hair, but as it does,
text: the hair divides in its wake LIKE FINGERS RUNNING THROUGH it.
text: Nell freezes. She's not sure what she just saw. She runs the brush
text: through again, and again it is as if something pulls it back from
dialog: her head.
text: Again -- fast -- she runs the brush through her hair, and this time
text: the hair SPINS UP IN A KNOT.
text: Nell flinches, dropping the brush, knocking the shade of the lamp on
text: the vanity a-wobbling.
text: She's out of the chair in a flash, grabbing her own hair, staring at
text: the space behind her. Nothing there. A beat.
text: She steadies herself, feeling the alcohol. Gets control.
text: The Tiffany lamp rocks back and forth, crystal beads shimmering.
text: The light plays across the fireplace and mantle on the wall. And
text: something there catches her eye.
text: Nell feels her way across the room, not sure of what she's seeing.
text: Over the sound of the wind outside, there's something at the very
dialog: highest edge of hearing.
text: She stops five feet from the mantle. The swaying light catches the
text: rich tones of wood. Then darkens. Illuminates it again. Darkens.
text: The carvings of the playing CHILDREN in the wood SEEM TO MOVE.
text: Nell stares in drunken fascination. And as the first fear begins to
text: rise in her throat, the wind dies down and in its place there is the
text: FAINTEST TRACE OF CHILDREN'S LAUGHTER. Nell's reaction changes...
dialog: to awe.
text: Tentative, her hand goes out, shaking... and touches the mantle.
text: It is hard and still. No movement whatsoever. Silence. But the
text: FACES engraved in the wood all seem to be peering up at her, hands
text: outstretched for her, hopeful.
scene_heading: EXT. HILL HOUSE GATES - NIGHT
text: The enormous LOCKED gates are silhouetted against the moonlit sky.
text: The chain is dangling in the wind.
scene_heading: EXT. HILL HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Hold on Nell's WINDOW, the light shining dim through the gauze
text: curtain. It goes out. The window stares from an arrangement of
text: other windows, stonework and doors... like an eye with a cataract in
text: a face howling in horror.
scene_heading: INT. NELL'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Nell, her breathing heavy, lies tangled in her heavy blankets,
text: asleep, but restless. Her feet hang off the end of the bed.
text: In the b.g., the door to the bathroom is shut, barely visible in the
text: faint light from the window. HOLD on it.
text: Silently, it begins to OPEN. The gap WIDENS, yawning, pitch dark
text: beyond. A long beat. And then a THUMP. A SLIDING SOUND.
text: Something drags itself across the floor.
text: BUMP. SLIDE. Our line of sight is blocked by the bed. But the
text: sound is getting louder, coming closer.
text: Bump. Slide. Nell grinds her teeth in her sleep, pulls the
text: blankets about her tighter. Bump. The sound stops. And her BREATH
text: BEGINS TO FOG.
text: Whatever has just come in the room is right there, hovering just OC.
dialog: We can feel it.
text: Without warning Nell BOLTS upright, GASPING into consciousness.
text: REVEAL: nothing. Just the dark room. And the bathroom door OPEN.
text: Nell stares at the-door, knows she shut it. Now it's open. She
text: breaths fast, feeling the cold, knowing something's in here with
dialog: her.
text: She stops breathing, strains her ears. Silence. A long moment.
text: Then she notices her feet, hanging out from under the covers.
text: They are black. Feel slick. Nell turns on the light by her bed and
text: looks down.
text: HER FEET ARE COVERED IN GORE. Where Theo had been painting. Nell
speaker_heading: SCREAMS.
scene_heading: INT. NELL'S BATHROOM - NIGHT
text: SCREAMING, Nell spins the tub faucets on full blast, sticks her feet
text: into the spray.
speaker_heading: THEO (OC)
dialog: Nell? Nell!
text: Weeping, Nell scrubs the gore off her feet -- red, black like old
text: clotted blood.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Who is doing this to me?
text: The door to Theo's bedroom is shut. The handle rattles, urgent, but
dialog: it won't open. It's LOCKED.
speaker_heading: THEO (OC)
dialog: Nell, what's wrong? What's wrong?
text: The blood or whatever it is on Nell's feet comes off, is sucked down
dialog: the drain.
speaker_heading: THEO (OC) (cont'd)
dialog: Nell, it's locked, let me in!
text: Nell, squatting in the tub, sobs as her feet come clean, and there
text: are NO WOUNDS. Theo rattles the door.
speaker_heading: THEO (OC)
text: Nell, the door is locked. Open
dialog: it.
text: Nell rises, steps out of the tub, and looking like she could kill,
text: moves for Theo's door.
text: She grabs the handle but realizes what Theo has been trying to tell
text: her all along: it's LOCKED. Perplexed, Nell finds the key in the
text: hole, and turns it.
text: The door rams open, Theo behind it, terrified and clearly just
dialog: awoken.
speaker_heading: THEO (cont'd)
dialog: Nell...
text: Nell stares at her, hair tangled, tear-stained, doubtful. Water
text: splashes in the tub, faucets still running.
text: The LIGHTS flicker as one in the connecting rooms. Theo has time to
text: look up at the bulb in the bathroom, and they all GO OUT. Darkness
text: swallows them up. Stray moonlight reflecting in the mirror
text: silhouettes them standing there.
speaker_heading: THEO (cont'd)
dialog: Nell, the tub!
text: Nell stoops in the darkness and the faucets squeak shut. Theo bumps
text: her way out of the room. Nell moves to the doorway following her
dialog: into --
scene_heading: INT. THEO'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: -- Theo's room. Theo's form moves by her bed, and with a snick, her
text: cigarette lighter lights up. Theo holds it above her head, its tiny
text: orange flame glistening off polished wood in the shadows. Nell
text: steps toward her.
text: Drip. Drip. From the bathroom. Theo's eyes widen?
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Oh, God, your breath...
text: And sweeping over them a SHOCK OF COLD. Their breath.
text: Nell shakes her head: don't say anything. Nell turns around, the
text: darkness almost impenetrable. SHAPES, alien, threatening, at the
dialog: very edge of light -- anyone could be some... thing. Drip. Drip.
speaker_heading: THEO (cont'd)
dialog: It's here.
text: Nell looks down at Theo's bed, then at Theo who moves closer to
text: Nell. Nell gives the bed a wide berth. Together they back toward
text: the wall with the fireplace.
text: They stare out at us, eyes trying to adjust, afraid. Behind them
text: looms the fireplace and in front of it, a metal cage-like fire
text: screen. A beat.
text: BAM! SOMETHING LUNGES out of the fireplace but is caught in the
text: screen, hitting Nell and Theo in the back.
text: Theo's lighter goes flying in that very instant, and we never see
text: what's hit the screen. Neither do they. Theo falls SCREAMING.
text: Nell manages to whirl, embrace the cage and slam it with whatever's
text: inside back into the fireplace. The screen JOLTS hard enough to
dialog: lift Nell.
speaker_heading: NELL
speaker_heading: HELP!
text: Theo still SCREAMING, lying on her back before the fireplace, rams
text: her feet against it. The screen HAMMERS at Nell and Theo. They
dialog: can't run or it'll get out.
text: Theo's screaming is suddenly drowned out by a HORRIFYING, INHUMAN
text: SOUND from inside the fireplace.
text: Theo's scream goes dead in breath-stealing horror. Nell recovers.
speaker_heading: NELL (cont'd)
dialog: No! Go AWAY!
text: The screen punches out at them, denting. And then all the air in
text: the room seems to be SUCKED into the fireplace in one THUMP. The
text: door to the bathroom slams.
text: It's gone. They sit there in the darkness, panting.
scene_heading: INT. GREENHOUSE - NEXT DAY
text: Nell stares at the tableaux of Hugh Crain. In the morning light it
text: seems inert, cold, just a statue. Luke and Theo enter. Nell
text: doesn't seem to notice them until they're beside her.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Marrow said the same thing as last
dialog: night, he says --
dialog: (meaning, this is
dialog: on his now
dialog: doubtful word)
dialog: -- that he checked with Mrs.
dialog: Dudley. And he says that she told
dialog: him that all the fireplaces in the
dialog: West Wing connect to the main
dialog: chimney. He says that he thinks
dialog: that the flue was open, and with
dialog: the windstorm, he says that what
dialog: probably happened was some kind of
dialog: freak air current --
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: -- What do you think?
text: Theo considers, then looks at her, severe.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (lowers his voice)
dialog: Don't tell the Professor; he'd
dialog: probably throw me out. But test
dialog: taking is one of the ways I've
dialog: been supporting myself. I
dialog: volunteer for every paid study
dialog: that they offer. Of course
dialog: straight psych stuff doesn't pay
dialog: as much as the pharmaceuticals do,
dialog: or a good wound study. Check it
dialog: out.
text: He rolls up his sleeve revealing large, livid SCARS at intervals too
dialog: regular to be anything natural.
speaker_heading: LUKE (cont'd)
dialog: A thousand dollars each. Am I
dialog: sick? Yes. Do you know why I
dialog: only date freshmen? By the time
dialog: they're sophomores, they've
dialog: figured me out.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: (get back on track!)
dialog: Mister very talky, would you
dialog: please say what it is about this
dialog: study that bothers you?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: The whole thing feels like
dialog: experimental misdirection. Like
dialog: he says it's about one thing, a
dialog: psychological profile of
dialog: environmental effects on
dialog: insomnia... and that'd be a
dialog: legitimate study, but I think that
dialog: we've been subjected to an
dialog: academic bait and switch; he's
text: really looking at something else.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: No. No... Jim's not doing --
dialog: these things.
text: But there's a desperate, rising edge to Nell's voice. Theo's, in
text: response, is quiet, sober... certain.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Then who is? Come on, Nell. Deep
dialog: down, if you really thought it
dialog: wasn't Jim, why wouldn't you be
dialog: leaving right this second? Why
dialog: wouldn't you be afraid? Really
dialog: afraid.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Because I don't want to ruin
dialog: things. Because home is where the
dialog: heart is.
text: Theo is chilled by this answer which would only make sense to
text: someone out of her mind.
text: Nell looks up and sees the double staircase at the end of the
dialog: greenhouse... the one where Crain's wife killed herself.
text: And for a moment we see Crain's wife hanging there and then the
dialog: image is gone...
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - DAY
text: Lunch remains are on the table as Nell enters, test papers in hand.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Jim? I'm done.
text: But Marrow isn't there. She's about to go back out to look for him,
text: but sees something and stops.
text: Forgotten by a reading chair to one side of the room. Barely
text: visible. Marrow's BRIEFCASE. Nell goes to the briefcase, knowing
dialog: she shouldn't look, and unable to help herself. Marrow's digital
text: recorder glints out at her.
text: Nell takes it out, and presses play. She looks up at the door. Any
text: minute he could come back in here... and then Marrow's voice rings
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: MARROW (V.O.)
dialog: ...the hallway discussion about
dialog: last night's fireplace incident
dialog: concluded at three a.m. Nell
dialog: continues her alienation of the
dialog: other subjects and the
dialog: experimenter. It remains unclear
dialog: whether she truly believes she did
dialog: not deface the painting.
dialog: Interview with the subject in
dialog: greenhouse yesterday to ascertain
dialog: the extent of her self-delusion
dialog: was inconclusive due to her
dialog: efforts to sexualize encounter
dialog: with experimenter.
text: Marrow's voice continues on in his assessment, but Nell isn't
dialog: hearing anything anymore.
text: She dies inside. Her world upside down. She falls into a chair,
dialog: and all we can hear of Marrow is the cold, analytical tone, his
text: garbled jargon.
speaker_heading: MARROW (OC)
dialog: One minute!
text: It's Marrow, for real, about to enter. Nell clicks off the
text: recorder, drops it into the briefcase. Marrow is startled, not
text: expecting Nell to be sitting right next to his papers and briefcase.
speaker_heading: MARROW (cont'd)
dialog: Nell.
text: She can only stare at him, eyes dead. Marrow looks from her to the
text: briefcase and back.
speaker_heading: MARROW (cont'd)
dialog: Were you looking for me?
text: Nell can't answer. Marrow comes over, unsettled.
speaker_heading: MARROW (cont'd)
dialog: How are the tests going?
text: Nell rises, staring, emotionless. Betrayal just beginning to find a
text: hold. She hands him her papers. Marrow looks at Nell, knows she's
text: been in his briefcase. He picks it up, and with a final, sorry
text: glance, exits.
scene_heading: INT. GROUND FLOOR HALLWAY - DAY
text: Nell emerges from the study, stands there a beat, lost. Then she
text: turns, resolute, and starts moving. Faster.
scene_heading: INT. GREAT HALL - DAY
text: Nell, blinded by tears, runs across the room toward the grand entry
text: and the exit... and stops.
text: DOWN THE CONNECTING HALL, out in the grand entry, at the front
text: doors, are Mr. and Mrs. Dudley. Leaving for the day. They stop.
dialog: Look at her.
text: Nell, numb, gazes from the open door to Mrs. Dudley. Mr. Dudley
text: holds the door open as if in invitation. Nell could walk out right
dialog: now. This is her chance. But...
text: Mrs. Dudley smiles a knowing smile. An all too knowing smile. And
text: seeing Nell's decision, gently shuts the door. The LOCK CLICKS.
dialog: Final. Fate-sealing.
text: Nell turns back to the House, lost.
scene_heading: INT. RED PARLOR - DAY
text: Nell walks right up to the moveable bookcase and enters Crain's
dialog: secret study.
scene_heading: INT. CRAIN'S SECRET STUDY - DAY
text: Nell sits in silence, trying to find a feeling, any feeling. A long
text: beat. And without warning she leaps to her feet in SHOCKING rage.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: How can he think I'm doing this!
text: She has a floor lamp in her hands, and hurls it like a throwing
text: hammer at the nearest shelves. Vases, knickknacks and a LEATHER
text: ALBUM crash to the floor.
text: She stalks around the room, and then slows, staring at what she's
text: done, the rage draining out of her. But if she could do something
dialog: like that...
speaker_heading: NELL (cont'd)
dialog: No. No, I couldn't do those
dialog: things: I'm not making it up.
text: She turns in place, desperate... and sees the old leather album
text: precariously tilting on one of the sprung shelves. It's open. One
text: of the leaves flips over on its own, gravity and the weight of its
dialog: own pages TURNING IT.
text: Nell approaches, stepping over broken ceramic. SLIP. Another page
dialog: turns.
text: Nell hovers over it, holding her breath so as not to make the book
text: flip over and fall off the shelf in one instant.
text: SLIP. Another page turns. The book is a PHOTO ALBUM of the late
text: nineteenth century, bound with ribbons, the aged Daguerreotypes in
text: pressed vellum frames.
text: Nell peers closer. It's open to a faded, gray image taken long
dialog: before it became the convention to smile for a photograph: a woman,
text: RENE CRAIN, sitting in a chair.
text: And standing behind the chair, a fearsome presence in a black coat,
text: his face hollow, malevolent. HUGH CRAIN.
text: Nell shivers, and SLIP, the page turns on its own.
text: An image of Hugh and Rene, a look of deathly loss on their faces.
text: The page flips.
text: Crain hovers, dark, rage just under the surface, but on Rene's face
text: is the faintest, most inappropriate SMILE. It sends a chill through
dialog: Nell.
text: The album begins to slide down the shelf, and as it does, PAGES
text: FLIP, Rene's SMILE grows wider, her hair dishevelled, her eyes lit
dialog: with grinning insanity...
text: Nell grabs the book just as it falls from the shelf.
text: It is open in her hands to a picture of Crain, alone, in front of
text: the enormous fireplace in the Great Hall. RENE IS GONE. The photo
text: is monstrous. Nell, fearful, turns the page --
text: -- and REACTS to the last thing she expected. A picture of a lovely
text: woman filled with grace and power. CAROLYN CRAIN. Posed. On a
text: settee before the fireplace. Beautiful beyond words. Smiling.
text: Ahead of her time.
speaker_heading: NELL (cont'd)
dialog: His second wife. There was a
dialog: second wife? Carolyn.
dialog: It warms Nell.
text: She turns the page. Now Crain is there beside Carolyn. But there
text: is something different about him. Less frightening.
text: Nell flips the page again, and now there is an image of Crain and
text: Carolyn. Her hair is up in a FRENCH TWIST. Nell smiles more.
text: Nell turns the page yet again.
text: But something is wrong. It is another image of Carolyn and the
text: kinder, gentler Crain, but now it is Carolyn who is unsmiling.
text: Another page. Another. Carolyn's face darkening. And in this
text: picture, Carolyn's stomach is slightly distended.
speaker_heading: NELL (cont'd)
dialog: She was pregnant.
text: Nell TURNS PAGES FASTER AND FASTER, and as she does, Carolyn SWELLS
text: PREGNANT before our eyes in ragged animation, mouth working as if to
text: speak, voiceless as it is... ELEANOR.
text: Nell fumbles the book onto the floor. It stares up at her, open to
dialog: the last page.
text: It is an image of Carolyn. Betrayal. Hell. Knowledge. Her hand
text: seems to be POINTING at the gaping maw of the GRAND FIREPLACE.
text: Nell bolts from the room.
scene_heading: INT. GREAT HALL - DAY
text: Nell bursts into the Great Hall and stops. At the far end of the
text: room broods the vast fireplace, its chain curtains hanging like the
text: veil to some hellish sanctuary.
text: Nell stares at it, daunted. What is it that Carolyn is trying to
text: show her? The fireplace beckons, and Nell approaches against her
dialog: will.
text: She finds a steel poker hanging by the fireplace, and takes it down.
text: She uses it to slide one of the chain curtains open. She steps into
text: its soot-black mouth.
text: Nell peers up the chimney. A faint sigh of air. She sticks the
text: poker up the flue, scratches around. Nothing.
text: She turns her attention to the back of the fireplace, thwocks it.
text: Sooty stone chips away, but it's solid.
text: The mechanism for the ash drop catches her eye. Nell grabs the
text: heavy, iron lever. She pulls, but can barely budge it. It finally
text: screeches back, and the iron door in the floor of the fireplace
text: SWINGS DOWN.
text: Nell looks in. Two feet down it looks like a gray blanket of ash, a
text: charred timber or two sticking out. Sick with fear, Nell prods the
text: ash. Just charred wood.
text: She thrusts the poker down deep. It vanishes in the ash up to her
text: hand. CLACK. She rakes through the ash. CLACK. And then she
text: feels the poker take purchase. She draws it out, and full of dread
dialog: turns it to the light...
text: Impaled on its hooks are TWO HUMAN SKULLS.
text: Nell fights back the scream in her throat. One of the skulls is a
text: child's skull, the other an IMMENSE SKULL with brooding brow,
text: forehead crushed.
text: Nell lets the poker drop. It bangs off the door, falls in the ash
text: drop, its handle hitting a spring. Nell recoils as the trapdoors
text: SNAP SHUT like a pair of jaws.
scene_heading: INT. GROUND HALLWAY FLOOR - DUSK
text: Nell stumbles down the hall, weeping in fear.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Theo! Jim! Help!
text: But instead she hears children voices, calling out for her.
scene_heading: INT. CONFUSING SERIES OF ROOMS (THE MAZE) - NIGHT
text: Nell winds through the pitch-dark halls, rooms gaping black left and
text: right, searching for the voices which seems to come from just around
text: the next bend, leading her around corner after corner.
text: The hallways peel past Nell as she runs, slamming through doors,
text: ever darker. The House's hellish carvings glare as she passes,
text: grinning, taunting. She rages on, oblivious until she rounds a
dialog: final corner --
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY OUTSIDE LOCKED ROOM - NIGHT
text: -- into the long, dark hall leading to the LOCKED ROOM. The
text: STATUARY peer down on her. Dead faces. Blind marble eyes. As she
text: turns, the heads and eyes turn imperceptibly with her.
text: For a frame or two the EYES are real, just a subliminal glimmer.
dialog: For the instant we try to catch the movement, the illusion, it isn't
text: there. It makes Nell stop. She regards the terrible doors. She
text: considers the labyrinth around her. And begins to understand.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: The house... it's a maze, that's
dialog: how you designed it, didn't you,
dialog: Mister Crain? So wherever one of
dialog: your little guests went, the house
dialog: brought them here. It's designed
dialog: to make you come here. But why?
text: Another CRY comes from the far end.
text: Nell eases down the hallway, the fear welling back on her like a
text: tide. She hesitates, but then the CHILD-CRY forces her on. She
text: reaches the CARVED DOORS with the wooden guard statues.
speaker_heading: NELL (cont'd)
dialog: Oh, no... Oh... no... no, no...
dialog: not that... Oh no... Ohhhhhhhhh!
text: Gaping cold and stench hit her. She gags.
dialog: Now the CRY comes from under the door. Present. Real. Right
text: there. Nell shudders.
text: The CRY grows louder, desperate. She shuts her ears to it. The CRY
text: rises to fearsome rage, not sounding like a child anymore. Not
text: sounding like anything human at all, it's painful. Nell looks at
text: the locked room in horror and takes off running.
scene_heading: INT. PICTURE GALLERY - DUSK
text: Nell bursts into the picture gallery and stops. Standing there are
text: Marrow, Theo and Luke, stricken silent by her entry. Looks of shock
text: on their faces. Nell just stands there. A beat. And then it pours
text: out of her, hysterical.
speaker_heading: NELL (cont'd)
dialog: He hunted all those children in
dialog: here. The dead children, Josiah
dialog: and Elizabeth and all of them...
dialog: from the books... he took them up
dialog: here... he played games... the
dialog: ones from his mills he burned them
text: up in the fireplace but she found
dialog: out what he did and she killed
dialog: him --
text: She takes a breath, and turns gray. Before anyone else can react,
text: her legs go out from under her, and she lands sitting. Theo and
text: Marrow get to her side fast.
speaker_heading: NELL (cont'd)
dialog: -- he didn't kill her she killed
dialog: him and ran away with her baby --
text: Marrow grabs her face. It's gray, her eyes glazing over.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: Get a blanket!
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: It's okay... we're all here...
text: Luke races out. Theo, scared, looks at Marrow.
speaker_heading: THEO (cont'd)
dialog: What's happening to her?
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: She's in shock. Come on.
text: He starts to lift her. Theo takes her other side.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: After Rene... after she killed
dialog: herself... he turned into a
dialog: monster. He did fill the house
dialog: with children... he did, but...
dialog: they weren't laughing...
text: Nell is ugly, sprawling, in shock, as Theo and Marrow shuffle her to
text: a padded bench on one side of the room.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Nell, what happened?
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Carolyn showed me where she hid
dialog: him, hid him with all the ones he
dialog: killed --
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: Nell... please, Nell... take a
dialog: deep breath...
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: And they're all locked together in
dialog: here... and he won't let go of
dialog: them!
text: Marrow grabs her face.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: Nell!
text: Luke rushes in with a blanket. Theo covers Nell and then holds her,
dialog: gently.
speaker_heading: MARROW (cont'd)
dialog: Look at me, Nell. Look at me!
text: Nell manages to focus on him, her breath laboring.
speaker_heading: NELL
text: Hugh Crain. He's in the house.
dialog: He's still here...
text: Theo pulls back, goes very still. The first hint of fear in her
dialog: eyes.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: No.
text: Marrow sees the panic working on her, gives her a stern look:
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: Theo! You too. Listen to me.
text: The command derails Theo's train of thought. Marrow stares at Nell
text: in pity, can't bear it, and has to look away. Finally he turns back
text: to her, full of regret.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: Nell, you have to hear me. Let me
dialog: explain what's happening to you.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You're participating in a study on
dialog: hysteria.
text: Everyone but Marrow REACTS.
speaker_heading: MARROW (cont'd)
dialog: I've given you a powerful
dialog: suggestion that you're in a
dialog: haunted house. I picked Hill
dialog: House because it fits the
dialog: expectations. It was my... it was
dialog: my theater, my stage.
dialog: Theo glances at Luke: he's been right all along. This was never
dialog: about perception.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Modelling small-group dynamics in
dialog: the formation of narrative
dialog: hallucinations. You brought us
dialog: here to scare us. Insomnia, that
dialog: was just a decoy issue. You're
dialog: disgusting.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Is this true? I've been
dialog: hypnotized?
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: I hadn't done a study of how group
dialog: fear affects individual
dialog: performance. Mass hysteria is
text: like a story, Nell. A communal
text: story. Someone starts it. Then
dialog: we all add a little more to it.
dialog: And then for some reason -- no one
dialog: knows how -- we start believing
dialog: it. This story shapes what we see
dialog: and hear. We interpret everything
dialog: through it, make it fit the story.
dialog: I started our story when I gave
dialog: you the history of Hill House.
dialog: You've added to it. That's what
dialog: this experiment has all been
dialog: about. That's what it was about,
dialog: the experiment's over. I'm
dialog: pulling the plug. This is my
dialog: fault.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: It's not real? Crain? He's not
dialog: real?
text: Marrow shoots him a look: shut up.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: Your fear of him was real. That's
dialog: all the ghost anyone needs.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: How could you do this to people?
text: Nell bucks in his arms, furious, desperate.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: This is real, I'm not making it
dialog: up! Theo, you saw it! You were
dialog: there -- the banging and last
dialog: night. You, you all saw the
dialog: painting!
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Nell, it makes sense. It all
dialog: makes sense. You and I, we were
dialog: scaring each other, working each
dialog: other up.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: -- but the painting!
text: Nobody says anythlng. The silence tortures Nell.
speaker_heading: NELL (cont'd)
dialog: I know you think I did that. I
dialog: didn't! Go to the great hall and
dialog: look in the fireplace!
text: She starts to laugh. Marrow gently presses Nell down, tucking the
text: blanket around her.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: Why would we want to do that,
dialog: Nell?
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Because that's where he burned
dialog: them up, the child laborers from
dialog: his mills! Because that's where
dialog: their bones are! He killed
dialog: <i>hundreds</i>. He took them here and
dialog: he killed them. Their bones are
dialog: in the fireplace!
text: Nell sobs. The others exchange looks at this. It sounds so hollow,
text: so delusional, it makes Marrow look so right.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: There are no bones in the
dialog: fireplace. Luke and I looked in
dialog: it yesterday. There's some old
text: charred wood in the ash drop
dialog: but --
text: Nell SPASMS trying to fight her way up, but Marrow and Luke hold her
text: down. Nell begins to wail in helpless rage.
speaker_heading: MARROW (cont'd)
dialog: Nell! If we look in that
dialog: fireplace it'll just make you more
dialog: upset. And when there are no
dialog: bones there, you'll say they got
dialog: up and walked away.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Oh, God, you're not going to
dialog: look...
text: Theo pushes them back and grabs Nell's hand, gently brushes Nell's
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Aw, shhh Nell, shhh.
text: Theo turns up to Marrow, intense, furious with him.
text: Nell's hysterics have stopped. She stares up at him, lost.
text: Searching inside herself. Maybe she is crazy...
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: There has to be Monster in the
dialog: Labyrinth. We make them up.
dialog: That's how we deal with the things
dialog: in everyday life that are too
dialog: terrible to deal with. Like
dialog: losing someone. Like being alone.
text: Marrow reaches down to Nell, but she shrinks away. Theo blocks
text: Marrow out, shielding Nell. Marrow pauses, disgusted with himself.
speaker_heading: MARROW (cont'd)
dialog: I'm sorry, Nell. I'm really,
dialog: really sorry I did this to you.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Sometimes saying you're sorry is
dialog: just not enough.
text: A disgusted Luke leaves the room.
scene_heading: INT. NELL'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Nell lies in her bed, shivering.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Don't leave me.
text: Theo spreads an extra blanket over Nell.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: I'm going to stay with you until
dialog: you fall asleep. And then I'm
dialog: going to get some brandy.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: I don't think I want any.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: I do.
text: Theo spots a small candelabra with strings of crystal beads on the
text: bedside table. She lights the two candles.
text: Theo goes and turns out the light. Nell lies there watching the
text: flicker of the candles play in the crystal. Eddies of heat mingle
text: up the frost-covered glass of the window behind the candelabra.
text: Small streaks of frost begin to melt... We see eyes forming in the
text: melting frost, a face begins to form...
text: Theo watches Nell. There can be a TIME DISSOLVE. Nell falls
text: asleep. Theo tiptoes out of the room.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Luke eats chips. Marrow stands by the door, arms folded, matter-of-
dialog: fact.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: I gave my key to the gate to Todd,
dialog: but the Dudleys'll be here in the
dialog: morning.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Do we still get paid for the week?
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: You get your money.
text: Awkward silence.
speaker_heading: MARROW (cont'd)
dialog: Where did she come up with it?
dialog: How did she put it all together?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Is that the question of compassion
dialog: or science?
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: It's a question.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: She got the child labor stuff from
dialog: me.
text: Theo comes in, she heard what they were talking about.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: I... I was playing games with
dialog: her... Big city games... I was
dialog: bad. And you, Doctor Morrow, you
dialog: broke her heart.
text: He knows this. It tears him apart.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: Is she asleep?
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Yes. But I promised I wouldn't
dialog: let her alone the whole night.
text: Marrow nods, gets his briefcase, exits.
scene_heading: INT. GREAT HALL - NIGHT
text: Marrow steps into the dark, vast room, his glasses glinting. The
text: faint outline of the fireplace on the far wall looms in the
dialog: darkness.
text: Marrow approaches it. The mesh screen is still open. Marrow stands
text: there a moment. Then looks in.
text: He squats and tries to open the ash-drop. It doesn't budge; it's
text: jammed by the poker Nell dropped in.
text: Marrow considers, then shakes his head, feels stupid for even coming
dialog: in to check.
text: Suddenly his CELL PHONE RINGS, startling him.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: Shit.
dialog: (answering the
dialog: phone)
dialog: Hello? Yes, this is Dr. Marrow.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Oh, hello. Thank you for
text: returning the call.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: No. You mean he hasn't returned?
dialog: (long beat)
dialog: No, we haven't seen him.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Can you tell me, what sort of car
dialog: does he drive?
dialog: (beat, reacting)
dialog: A Toyota...
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY OUTSIDE KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Luke stops Theo, carrying a tray of food and tea, outside the
text: kitchen door.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: We're fucked. We're in a haunted
dialog: house and we can't get out until
dialog: the morning.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: You don't really believe it's
dialog: haunted... Do you believe in
dialog: ghosts?
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: That depends on your definition of
dialog: ghosts. I'm going to check on
dialog: her, and then I'm going to stay
dialog: awake.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: All night?
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: You want company?
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Maybe someday.
dialog: Some sexual awareness.
scene_heading: INT. NELL'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Nell lies in her bed asleep, the room dark except for the last,
text: guttering end of one of the candles. It goes out.
text: A FAINT SOUND. LONG, LOW, like the inarticulate murmur of a dozen
text: madmen. Nell stirs. Her eyes open. She hears the sound.
text: The wall on the opposite side of the room catches the pale gloom
text: from the window. The twisting figures in the plaster, the low-
text: relief, the shadows they make seem to COME TOGETHER AS AN EYE.
text: Black. Not human. The woodwork around it like some half-face.
text: The GIBBERING begins to RISE.
text: OUT OF THE CORNER OF HER EYE she can see a FORM beside her in the
dialog: bed.
text: Nell's mouth moves. She manages to form words, but it's just a
dialog: whisper.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Theo...
text: Nell reaches out under the covers.
text: Her HAND is suddenly grasped.
text: THE EYE on the wall stares. The babbling, liquid, deep voice
text: mounts, and as the shadows move ever so slowly, the EYE seems to
text: roam over the room.
speaker_heading: NELL (cont'd)
dialog: Oh, God. It's looking for me.
text: And then the babbling stops. Nell grimaces in pain. She tries to
text: look at Theo, but it's far too DARK right there beside her.
speaker_heading: NELL (cont'd)
dialog: Theo, my hand. You're hurting me.
text: In the place of the babbling, another sound. High-pitched, drawn-
text: out. A CHILD'S CRY. Nell reacts.
text: The cry wails louder, coming through the wall. It's a wail of
text: agony. A wail not of this earth. Nell struggles, racked between
text: the pain in her hand and the tortured child's cry.
speaker_heading: NELL (cont'd)
dialog: A child. No. No! I'm right
speaker_heading: HERE!
text: The EYE focusses on her. Dead on her. Nell stops. And with sudden
text: violence, she's WRENCHED out of the bed by whatever's beside her.
text: Nell hits the floor with a scream. She grabs at the table on this
text: side of the bed, pulling a lamp down on her, yanking at its chain.
text: The room FLASHES into brilliance. Nell stands up, panting... There
text: is nothing in the room. No Theo. She looks at her hand.
text: The eye on the wall is gone.
speaker_heading: NELL (cont'd)
dialog: Oh, God. Who was holding my hand?
text: Nell snaps around. There on the window, SPREADING before her eyes
text: the frost on the glass is melting into a HORRIFYING FACE. The face
speaker_heading: of CRAIN.
text: Nell recoils in prickling fear. Living fear. Then her fear turns
text: to RAGE. In the blink of an eye there's a heavy ashtray in her
text: hand, and it's flying at the window.
speaker_heading: NELL (cont'd)
dialog: I will not let you hurt a CHILD!
text: The window BASHES out into the night, the face vanishing with a HOWL
dialog: of air.
scene_heading: INT. NELL'S BATHROOM - NIGHT
text: NeIl explodes from her room, a flying fury of hate. The child-cry
text: seems to race ahead of her into --
scene_heading: INT. THEO'S ROOM - NIGHT (CONTINUOUS)
text: -- Theo's room, which is empty. Now it seems like it's coming from
text: the door to the hall, is right there. Nell races after it and --
scene_heading: INT. 2ND FLOOR HALLWAY, NORTH WING - NIGHT (CONTINUOUS)
text: -- barges out into the hallway. She breaks into a run. The cry
text: sounds from farther off. Nell chases after it.
scene_heading: INT. NELL'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Theo carrying a pot of tea and some cups enters quietly just in case
text: Nell is asleep. She stops in surprise. The window is smashed, lamp
text: on the floor. Nell is gone.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Nell?
scene_heading: INT. NELL'S HALLWAY - NORTH WING - NIGHT
text: A panicked Theo runs out of Nell's room into the hallway.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Luke... Jim...!
scene_heading: INT. CROSS HALL - NIGHT
text: Halls sprawl away into darkness in all directions as Nell tries to
text: feel out where she is, and realizes she's lost. Just like Theo and
text: she were before. But now it's night. And she's alone. She's been
dialog: tricked.
text: Panting, she stops, presses herself against the wall. Her breath
dialog: catches.
text: Across from her is a MIRROR. Herself reflected in its tarnished
text: surface. But there is something wrong with it. Nell steps across
dialog: to it.
text: Her reflected self begins to SMILE. But SHE'S NOT SMILING! Nell
text: writhes in horror, but can't pull away from the mirror. In it, her
text: GRIN WIDENS, INSANE. The bottom half of her face is someone else's.
text: BANG! Nell recoils. The sound breaks the spell, knocking Nell back
text: from the mirror.
text: BANG. BANG. BANG. Nell turns and runs.
scene_heading: INT. HALL OF PILLARS - NIGHT
text: The banging chases Nell into the hall of pillars. Nell turns to
text: face whatever it is that's coming after her. The BANGING
text: CRESCENDOES... and then recedes, still audible, but like the thing
text: following her has taken a wrong turn.
text: Another mirror on the wall. Nell glimpses herself in it. This time
text: her EYES are someone else's, lit with insanity.
text: Nell backs away, through doors into --
scene_heading: INT. HALL OF MIRRORS - NIGHT
dialog: -- the hall of mirrors. Bang bang bang bang...
text: The octagonal, mirror-lined pillars cast and re-cast her reflection
text: throughout the room. Nell is everywhere in plain sight, but hidden
text: by the very infinity of her images. The BANGING grows louder.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Why do you want <i>me</i>?
text: The BANGING ceases. And then we see the real Nell standing there.
speaker_heading: NELL (cont'd)
dialog: WHO AM I?
text: She turns around. Her REFLECTIONS all TURN with her. EXCEPT ONE.
text: For a long moment, we see it but Nell doesn't.
text: And then she does.
text: The REFLECTED NELL stands there, hands hanging, silent.
text: Nell exhales in shuddering fear. The Reflected Nell MOUTHS
dialog: compelling the real Nell to whisper with it:
speaker_heading: NELL (cont'd)
dialog: Welcome home, Eleanor...
text: With that the Reflected Nell grins and her STOMACH SWELLS before our
text: eyes, pregnant just like Carolyn Crain.
speaker_heading: NELL (cont'd)
dialog: No.
dialog: Nell runs.
scene_heading: INT. HALL OUTSIDE GREENHOUSE - NIGHT
text: Nell races down the long hall, bare feet flying, covering her face
text: from MIRRORS left and right. She stumbles into --
scene_heading: INT. GREENHOUSE - NIGHT (CONTINUOUS)
text: -- the greenhouse where she slips on the marble. She kicks the door
text: shut behind her and lunges for the spiral staircase, her horror
text: driving her up and up, setting the rickety thing swinging. We HEAR
text: what Nell hears, the voices of children.
speaker_heading: VOICES OF CHILDREN
dialog: Help us... help us...
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: I'm here... I'm here... I'm coming
dialog: to you, I'm coming to you...
text: Nell climbs higher and higher into the dark reaches above.
text: AS SHE CLIMBS: through the greenhouse windows we see the night sky,
text: the clouds driven by the wind, the moon, old vines wrapped aroud the
text: skin of the greenhouse... and the shapes and shadows of the vines
text: seem to shift as if it was alive...
text: Nell reaches the landing. The stair case rolls back and forth
text: beneath her. A beat. And then BAM! The door slams open below.
speaker_heading: MARROW (OC)
dialog: Nell! Nell, are you in here?
text: Nell can only manage sobbing relief.
speaker_heading: LUKE (OC)
dialog: Look, the stairs!
text: Nell drags herself to the hand rail. Marrow, Luke and Theo rush
text: into view below.
text: They all react to the sight of Nell at the precarious top -- with
text: her insanely happy smile. They think she's there to kill herself.
dialog: Just like Rene Crain.
text: They all freak out in a chorus of 'Nell! No, Nell!'
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: Nell! Don't move.
text: Nell couldn't anyway. She just grins madly, tears running down her
text: face. Marrow grabs for the stairs, but they shift under Nell's
text: movement from up above.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: It's not going to hold your
dialog: weight.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: Just stay there, Nell!
text: Marrow mounts the stairs. The metal support rods sing out under his
text: weight. And the whole thing pitches, rolling around as he goes up.
text: Five feet. Ten feet. Fifteen feet up. The sway gets wilder as he
dialog: goes.
text: At twenty feet, with twenty more to go to reach Nell, he stops. The
text: stairs buck, sway out dizzily. And then to his dismay, he realizes
text: he's on the WRONG SIDE of the double helix staircase.
speaker_heading: MARROW (cont'd)
dialog: Damn it.
text: He straddles the rail to climb over to the other half.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Don't!
text: The sudden shift is too much for the old stairs. The support rods
text: CREASE and then the whole enormous column of steel from where Marrow
text: is standing to the ground BURSTS from its supports.
text: Luke shoves Theo aside, and the bottom half of the stairs spirals
text: out in a massive, deafening COLLAPSE. Marrow's cellular phone falls
text: out of his pocket and shatters in hundred pieces across the floor.
text: The top half of the stairs remains, still hanging from the ceiling.
text: Nell grips the railing at the top.
text: Marrow hangs there by one hand over the razor tangle of steel below.
text: He flails out for the other stairway, swings himself over to it. It
text: takes a moment for him to realize he almost just died. A moment of
text: paralysis. This is no longer an experiment. No longer fun and
dialog: games.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: Nell? Are you up there?
text: There she is. Marrow forces himself to start climbing the shaky
text: stairs. Luke and Theo watch from below, tense.
text: Then he's there. Nell stands a mere arm's length from him on the
text: other side of the railing.
speaker_heading: MARROW (cont'd)
dialog: Come on, Nell. You have to climb
text: over and step back on the stairs.
text: Nell barely seems to hear him. Instead she looks at the DEFORMING
text: SUPPORT RODS around her. We HEAR the voices of the CHILDREN,
text: calling to her.
speaker_heading: MARROW (cont'd)
dialog: Nell! Now!
text: Theo, on the ground, calls up to Nell.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Nell, go with him! Just go with
dialog: him.
text: Nell refocuses on him and then gingerly climbs over the railing.
text: She hangs there. She looks down at the tangled steel below...
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: The children want me. They're
dialog: calling me. They need me.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: Nell. You will come here now.
text: Nell looks UP at him, hazy.
text: And THEN BEHIND MARROW: the shifting clouds, the moon, the vines...
text: and suddenly all these random elements behind him form a dark
text: hideous face and in front of it a hand, and the hand is rushing
text: forward to PUSH MARROW OFF THE STEPS.
text: After we scream, NELL SCREAMS.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: NO!
text: And as Marrow falls forward, pushed by the force behind him, Nell
text: grabs him... he is caught on the rail... As she has reached out to
text: him, now she has fallen into thin air, and she falls towards Marrow,
text: and they hold each other. She has a hand... then a foot... she
text: slips... she holds on again... and reaches the staircase. She grabs
dialog: on.
text: A moment's peace... and then a new disaster: with a metallic POP POP
text: POP the support rods spring from their anchors and the rest of the
text: stairwell next to them drops to the ground in a catastrophic
text: shattering of sound.
text: Marrow looks behind him, to whatever it was that Nell saw over his
text: shoulder. He looks back at her. Her eyes are closed, she won't
dialog: open them.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: We're going down the stairs, Nell,
dialog: I'm taking you down the stairs.
text: He leads her go down the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. THEO'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Marrow and Theo stand in the doorway to the shared bathroom watching
text: Luke finish taping a trash bag over Nell's broken window. Nell lies
text: in her bed, asleep or unconscious, it's impossible to say. Luke
text: finishes, comes over. Marrow is hushed, grim, exhausted.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: She needs help.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: I'll take her with me to the
dialog: University tomorrow. I can't
dialog: believe I read the test wrong. I
dialog: didn't see anything that looked
dialog: like she was suicidal.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: You used the wrong test.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: (indignant)
dialog: Will the two of you shut up! God
dialog: damn it! Maybe the tests were
dialog: right, Marrow. She's sensitive,
dialog: she's vulnerable, but I don't
dialog: think she's suicidal and I didn't
dialog: have to test her. Maybe she
dialog: wasn't trying to kill herself.
dialog: Maybe she was really scared.
dialog: Maybe she really heard voices.
text: Marrow looks away, doesn't want to say this. Theo reads the
text: feelings on his face.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: You're not telling us something.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: Watts. Those were his keys Nell
dialog: found. His roommate called and
dialog: said Watts left when he was
dialog: supposed to. I think he's here.
speaker_heading: THEO
text: He's wandering around the house,
dialog: and Nell heard him. She thought
dialog: it was ghosts. Let's go look for
dialog: him again.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: No. If he's lost somewhere in the
dialog: house... he'll have to stay lost
dialog: until tomorrow, until the night is
dialog: over. What we have to do now is
dialog: be together, with Nell.
text: And they go. Three scared people.
scene_heading: INT. NELL'S BATHROOM - NIGHT
text: Luke sits on the closed toilet and watches Nell in the adjoining
text: room. Light from the bathroom falls across her fetal, curled form
text: in the bed.
text: The door to Theo's room is open too. Luke glances over. Theo lies
text: on her bed. Marrow is slouched in a chair.
text: Luke settles back against the wall.
text: The HOUSE EXHALES, and the breath of the house is like the poppy
text: field in the Wizard of OZ; it brings on sleep.
scene_heading: INT. THEO'S ROOM - MUCH LATER THAT NIGHT
text: Marrow is struggling to stay awake and his eyes finally close. Theo
text: breathes hard in the grips of some awful dream.
dialog: This is what the House wanted.
scene_heading: INT. NELL'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Nell lies asleep, the ornate headboard looming behind her, black
text: with its strange plant-like splay of leaves.
text: Nell draws a deep, sleeping breath... and her EYES OPEN. She lies
text: there, her breath still in her lungs, not moving, but sensing
text: something. A long beat. When she lets her breath out, we can see
dialog: it in the cold.
scene_heading: INT. NELL'S BATHROOM - NIGHT
text: Luke's head rests solidly on the wall. His eyes are closed, unaware
text: his breath is fogging too.
scene_heading: INT. NELL'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Nell lies there afraid to move, afraid to make the faintest sound.
text: From the darkness above WOOD CREAKS. At first it seems like someone
text: is walking on the floor above. But it is coming from within the
dialog: room.
text: The CARVINGS on the ceiling, the impossibly elaborate woodwork, ARE
text: MOVING. Incredibly slowly, with incredible subtlety: turning inside
text: out, some of the forms lengthening, some shortening. Carvings
text: changing here, changing there -- the ceiling coming alive -- with
text: some grand design we sense but cannot yet see.
text: The wood grows out of the ceiling eating its way down into the tall
text: bed POSTERS. It crawls down the posters, straining the sinewy
text: baroque curves, swelling them...
text: The CREAKING begins from the darkness of the wall opposite Nell.
text: Nell inclines her head to see. Out of the wall two enormous BULGES
text: grow, side by side.
text: From behind Nell, now. The headboard GROANS, its shapes moving, the
text: fan-like plant designs thickening and SPLAYING wide.
text: Nell can't move, her mind refusing to understand what's going on.
text: The bulges in the wall DROOP to the floor. And then we BEGIN TO
text: SEE: they are like a pair of KNEES.
text: Understanding starts to show in Nell's eyes. She looks up at the
dialog: ceiling. And now all the movement, the design behind the awful
text: transformation of the ceiling is clear.
text: It is a HEAD. A visage of madness, of absolute horror, eyelids
text: sealing shut its blind face.
text: Silence. Nell's breath comes ragged. Unable to speak, but trying
dialog: to call out.
text: The EYES OPEN. A SCREAM tears out of Nell's throat.
scene_heading: INT. NELL'S BATHROOM - NIGHT
text: Luke is shocked awake in time to see Nell's room CONVULSE on her
text: just before the DOOR SLAMS in his face.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Oh my God...
scene_heading: INT. NELL'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: The entire ROOM RAMS itself at Nell, jolting her hard into the
text: headboard. THUMBS FOLD OUT of the woodwork, pinning her by the
text: shoulders against it. As the room lowers itself toward her, she
text: SCREAMS out of her mind.
scene_heading: INT. NELL'S BATHROOM - NIGHT
text: Marrow lunges into the bathroom, thrown from sleep as Luke stares in
text: impotent shock. Theo is there behind Marrow an instant later.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: What is it?
text: Luke can't make any words come out. Marrow shoves him aside, grabs
text: the doorknob and thrashes at it.
speaker_heading: MARROW (cont'd)
dialog: Help me!
text: He braces Luke up, and then they lunge together, shouldering the
text: door. It splinters out of its frame --
scene_heading: INT. NELL'S ROOM - NIGHT (CONTINUOUS)
text: -- and stumble into Nell's room. Marrow's mouth opens. Luke stands
text: speechless. They're stricken by the sight: Nell SCREAMING, held by
text: the headboard as the deformed ceiling dips over her, the room
text: THRUSTING at her rhythmically. Nell and Theo make EYE CONTACT.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Oh, Jesus.
text: Marrow recovers, reaches out for Nell, and the FACE in the ceiling
text: turns on him. The GAZE stops Marrow in his tracks. He looks up
text: into it and knows it's real. Somehow, it is Crain.
text: Luke appears from out of nowhere on the other side of the bed and
text: SMASHES off one of the wooden hands with a large brass candelabra.
text: Nell screams in surprise, but Theo drags her out of the bed.
text: The head turns to them. They flee. Marrow backs away in awe and
dialog: fear.
scene_heading: INT. GREAT HALL - NIGHT
text: Luke and Theo drag Nell down the stairs into the Great Hall. Marrow
text: brings up the rear. They retreat for the entry as Luke puts his
text: jacket over Nell's shoulders. Marrow stops, looks back up the
dialog: stairs.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: Wait a second! Wait!
text: All there is are the sounds of Nell, Luke and Theo making for the
text: hall to the entry. The House is silent.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: No.
text: Luke goes out. But Nell pauses, stopping Theo with her.
text: The House is quiet. Marrow's hand still outstretched. Nell looks
text: around the room. There are heads everywhere, faces: animal heads,
text: humans, gods, all staring from the woodwork, the carpets everything.
text: All turning to her.
text: Theo looks around, but can't see what Nell is seeing. Nell's breath
text: comes faster, disoriented, yet aware...
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: They're all in here. All the ones
dialog: he killed. They're just children!
dialog: We have to help them!
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: (to Marrow)
dialog: Come on! Why are we waiting?
text: Even now, Marrow can't believe what he just saw, but Theo's voice
text: brings him back. He whirls, grabs onto Nell, helps Theo drag her
dialog: out.
scene_heading: EXT. HILL HOUSE DRIVEWAY/GATE - NIGHT
text: Four cars sit behind the massive, locked gate, as far from Hill
text: House as possible. Marrow paces past the fence, staring out, the
dialog: road beyond leading out of this place, so close...
text: Luke digs with a pen knife at the marble footing below the gate. No
text: easy way under it. He stands and gazes at the razor-sharp spikes
dialog: twenty feet up. There's no way to climb this.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Oh my God we need to call someone?
text: Marrow just looks at her and walks back to Nell's car.
scene_heading: INT. NELL'S CAR - NIGHT
text: Nell sits in the passenger seat of her car, wrapped in her jacket.
text: She stares out at the gate, at Luke and Theo consulting. Marrow
text: appears in the window.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: You okay?
text: Nell nods, but there's something about her not right.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Why did you bring me here?
text: Marrow shakes his head, doesn't fully understand.
speaker_heading: NELL (cont'd)
dialog: Why did you call me and tell me to
dialog: look in the paper for the ad?
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: Nell, what are you talking about?
dialog: I never called you.
text: Nell stares, dismayed, but Marrow is dead serious.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: But you told me to look in the
dialog: paper! You told me I'd be
dialog: perfect!
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: Nell, the first time I ever spoke
dialog: with you in person was the night
dialog: we met here.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Then who called me?
text: Hill House looms behind her, windows forming eyes, the carport a
text: gaping mouth.
text: Nell's dismay becomes a cold, terrifying understanding, and she
text: turns and stares back up at the House.
text: Luke comes up with Theo on the other side of the car.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Nell --
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: -- how much is this car worth?
scene_heading: EXT. HILL HOUSE DRIVEWAY/GATE - NIGHT
text: Theo pulls Nell away from the drive. Marrow stands back from Nell's
text: car where Luke belts in behind the wheel.
text: Luke eases the car forward to the gate. He advances until the car's
text: bumper makes contact. And then without further ado, REVS the
dialog: engine.
text: The Buick grinds into the heavy steel bars. The chain tightens
text: around the two halves of the gate, but shows not the slightest
dialog: strain.
scene_heading: INT. NELL'S CAR - NIGHT
text: Luke grimaces, shifts into low, pours on the gas.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN GATE - NIGHT
text: The car fishes back and forth against the gate, hurling a shower of
text: gravel on the other cars off to the side of the road. Marrow, Nell
dialog: and Theo move back.
text: One of the Buick's headlights breaks. The grill mashes in. For a
text: long moment the car struggles against the Gate. No good. Luke
text: eases up.
text: Theo looks at Marrow. Luke puts the car in reverse.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Get the hell out of the way!
text: They back way up. Luke vanishes up the drive in the car. And then
text: the Buick comes around the corner, accelerating, slicing down the
dialog: gravel road.
scene_heading: INT. NELL'S CAR - NIGHT
text: Luke sits way back in the seat, grits his teeth, floors it, aiming
dialog: at the gate...
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN GATE - NIGHT
text: The car SMASHES into it... and is STOPPED, collapsing, twisting in a
text: deafening hail of steel and glass.
text: The massive gate has BENT itself AROUND the car, holding it in its
dialog: steel-grip.
scene_heading: EXT. GATE - NIGHT
text: Nell understands, the house will not let her go. She turns away
text: from the gate, faces the House, mesmerized by the beauty in this
text: monstrosity. The House is calling her back, and Nell is drawn
text: towards it. She starts walking...
scene_heading: INT. NELL'S CAR - NIGHT
text: Luke gasps for the seat belt, the wind knocked out of him, steering
text: column pushed to his chest. Marrow and Theo run up outside. Luke
text: sees him, sees he's not getting any closer than ten feet, and he's
text: looking back at the gas tank.
text: Luke gets the seatbelt off, tries to open the door but it's warped
text: shut. He struggles to get out from behind the wheel. Sparks jump
text: from the battery. Gas shoots out of the fuel pump onto the
text: shattered window. He knows he's in trouble.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Hurry. The gas! Luke... The gas!
text: Finally Luke gets free of the wheel. It's agonizing to watch...
text: The passenger door is jammed shut too.
text: He squirms into the back seat. The rear doors are in the same
text: condition as the front. But the rear window is blown out. He
text: crawls out onto the trunk.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN GATE - NIGHT
text: Marrow hurries around the back of the car, staying clear of the lake
text: of gas spreading about it. Luke rolls off. Marrow helps him up,
text: and gets him away a safe distance.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I'm okay. Okay. Just my chest.
dialog: Just my wind knocked out.
text: Marrow looks up at the gate. It is even more impassible than before
text: with the gasoline-saturated wreck in it. No way to try another
dialog: break-out either.
speaker_heading: LUKE (cont'd)
dialog: Sorry about your car, Nell.
text: He turns around. The others do too.
text: No Nell. Luke and Theo look up. Mute dread. No Nell anywhere.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: Oh, no.
scene_heading: INT. GRAND ENTRY - NIGHT
text: The massive black door swings silently into the dark, vaulted entry.
text: Marrow pauses there, looks about, and then enters. He holds a tire
dialog: iron.
text: Luke does too. He and Theo follow Marrow in.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: I'm sure she went back to her
dialog: room.
scene_heading: INT. GRAND STAIRWAY - NIGHT
text: They stay to the outside of the stairs, padding silently up, trying
text: to get a glimpse of the floor above. It's shrouded in darkness.
text: They turn at the landing, eyes riveted to the top of the stairs.
text: They start up.
scene_heading: INT. 2ND FLOOR HALLWAY, NORTH WING - NIGHT
text: Marrow, Luke and Theo pause at the top of the stairs and peer down
text: both long, empty directions of the hallway.
text: Then Marrow turns toward Nell and Theo's room. The brass
text: candelabra... in front of the open door.
text: The rooms draw nearer, closer. Not even the sound of their
dialog: breathing.
text: The door is ajar. Marrow pushes it open with the tire iron. The
text: room lies in silent disarray. Normal disarray. The bed normal.
dialog: The ceiling normal. No Nell.
text: Marrow and Theo REACT and enter the room. Luke lingers out in the
text: hall a moment. And just as he steps in after them we HOLD on the
dialog: long, empty hall --
text: -- and a FIGURE glides across. Far down at the other end. She
dialog: disappears. It was Nell.
scene_heading: INT. STATUARY HALL - NIGHT
text: Nell walks through the row of dark statues. Carved faces watch her
dialog: pass.
scene_heading: INT. HALL OUTSIDE LOCKED ROOM - NIGHT
text: Nell stands before the threshold of the horrific doors, once locked,
text: now inexplicably OPEN. The mythological frieze on the door split in
text: half, a world cut in two, a seal broken. Like something has come
text: out of its tomb.
text: Nell steps into the blackness.
scene_heading: INT. THEO'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Marrow comes out of the bathroom, joining Theo by the window next to
text: her bed. Luke stands in the doorway.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Was sure she'd be in here.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (worried)
dialog: Where in the hell can she be.
dialog: Marrow remembers.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: Oh no...
scene_heading: INT. GREENHOUSE - NIGHT
text: Marrow, Luke and Theo enter the greenhouse, the heavy growth
text: forbidding in the darkness. They spread out on the parallel
text: walkways.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Nell?
text: They reach the transept, turn down it toward the statue of Crain at
text: the end looming white in the dusk.
text: Dead silence. Then Marrow SCREAMS.
text: Under a thin layer of ice underneath the giant hand that protrudes
text: from the pond we find Watt's body, as if the hand wants to keep him
text: there forever. Marrow did find his Watts, a horrifying sight.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: Oh my God it's Watts.
text: As at the same time out of the mouth from the sculpture erupts a
text: river of blood, scaring the hell out of them. Their clothes
text: splattered with blood, Marrow quickly leads them out of there.
scene_heading: INT. LOCKED ROOM - NURSERY - NIGHT
text: Nell stands there in the darkness, sensing the expanse of the room,
text: turning... and kicking something on the floor.
text: It is a wooden toy train. Then she sees a rocking horse by her
text: feet. It is a NURSERY. Turn-of-the-century.
text: And as Nell's eyes adjust, as she tries to see what else is in here
text: in the dark, she begins to make out WHITE SHROUDED SHAPES.
text: Against the wall. A bed covered in a sheet. A table beside it. A
scene_heading: HAND BELL. A CANE.
text: Just like Nell's sick room at home. Nell realizes it, covers her
dialog: mouth.
text: The furniture is in EXACTLY the same position, though the sheets
text: covering the pieces are stained, FAR OLDER.
text: And on the wall, something in a frame is covered with a piece of
dialog: sheet.
text: Nell approaches it in trepidation and removes the cloth. For a long
text: beat, all we see is her face as it goes slack. Understanding.
text: The framed thing is a stitchery. It says: A PLACE FOR EVERYTHING,
text: EVERYTHING IN ITS PLACE.
dialog: Just like the one at home.
scene_heading: INT. GREAT HALL - NIGHT
text: Marrow, Theo and Luke barge into the Great Hall.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Nell!
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: We can't stay here looking for
dialog: her. She doesn't want to be
dialog: found...
text: Marrow and Theo look at him. It's what they've been thinking, but
text: haven't had the courage to say. Theo stops suddenly. Turns around.
text: The men notice, and pause.
text: Then they hear it. Faint. Floating down from upstairs somewhere.
text: Nell's TUNE. It doesn't sound right, but it's hard to tell as it's
text: coming from so far away.
text: They look at each other, start for the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY OUTSIDE LOCKED ROOM - NIGHT
text: Theo, Marrow and Luke stand at the end of the dark hallway. They
text: stare at the gaping doors to the nursery at the far end. The tune
text: is coming from within. Abruptly, it stops.
text: And instead of Nell's tune, there's a repetitive CREAK. CREAK.
speaker_heading: CREAK.
text: In rising dread, Theo starts forward.
text: It takes Marrow and Luke a moment to come after her. The CREAKING
text: gets louder, unnerving.
text: They get to the doors, Theo first. She pushes them wide.
scene_heading: INT. LOCKED ROOM - NURSERY - NIGHT
text: They stop there, staring into the shadows.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Nell?
text: And there, hunched over something turning a CREAKING CRANK of some
dialog: sort, is Nell.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: Nell.
text: Nell straightens from whatever it is she was doing and turns to
text: them. Theo steps toward her, afraid for her.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: What'd you come back for, babe?
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Just had to be sure.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Come on, Jesus! Let's go!
text: Marrow shuts him up with a vicious gesture, stays back himself as
text: Theo approaches Nell.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Let's go, hon. Don't you want to
dialog: go back to your little apartment
dialog: where you can hear the buoy out in
dialog: the harbor when the wind is just
dialog: right?
text: Nell smiles at Theo. She's holding something.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Oh, Theo. You know I don't have
dialog: an apartment.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Then let's go get you one.
text: Nell's smile softens even more. Her voice is reassuring.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Don't worry about me, Theo. I'm
dialog: wanted. Right here. I'm home.
text: A CHILL of fear cuts through Theo as Nell looks deep into her eyes.
speaker_heading: NELL (cont'd)
dialog: After all...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'm family.
text: The thing in Nell's hand is a NEEDLE, the thing she's been cranking
text: an ANCIENT PHONOGRAPH. She lowers the needle to the spinning
text: record. And HER TUNE, the one she hums all the time, begins to
dialog: play.
text: The others are frozen where they stand. Marrow's mind reels at the
dialog: implications of what he's hearing.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: My mother used to hum this to me.
text: Like her mother hummed it to her.
dialog: And my great grandmother Carolyn
dialog: hummed it to her.
text: Nell turns back. The others stand there speechless.
speaker_heading: NELL (cont'd)
dialog: I have to stay. You better go. I
dialog: could explain it, but you'd never
dialog: understand.
text: And that, finally, galvanizes the others into action. Marrow sweeps
text: past Theo, grabs Nell hard, and swings her for the door.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: Come on.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: No --
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Please, Nell, just see us out.
text: Luke closes in on Nell with Marrow, and there's nothing she can do
dialog: but let herself be pulled along.
scene_heading: INT. GRAND STAIRWAY - NIGHT
text: Down the stairs they come, Luke out in front now, bounding down a
text: half flight ahead. Marrow and Theo support Nell between them.
text: Nell looks up at the hooded painting of Crain, but is spun around
text: and taken down the next flight.
scene_heading: INT. GREAT HALL - NIGHT
text: Nell, Marrow and Theo reach the bottom of the stairs and pause.
text: Luke is halfway across the room, looking back to make sure they're
dialog: with him --
text: -- and Nell digs her heels in, jerking Marrow and Theo to a stop.
text: She stares. The others follow her gaze.
text: She's looking down the connecting hall, out to the entry at the
text: front doors. They're open.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: In the night...
text: The DOOR BAMS SHUT with a concussion that rocks the entire room,
text: sweeping Luke's jacket under it. The HANDLES TURN, LOCK DOWN.
text: Stunned. All stunned.
text: A RUSH OF AIR. The House EXHALES. Silence. And then CREEEEAK.
text: They cast their eyes back up the stairs.
text: BUMP BUMP. Far-off sounds, hair-raising, of infinite variety, carry
text: down the halls.
speaker_heading: NELL (cont'd)
text: ...In the dark.
text: Luke rushes from the room.
scene_heading: INT. GRAND ENTRY - NIGHT
text: Luke YELLS and throws himself at the front doors. Marrow runs over
text: to help him and shoves the tire iron between the doors and PRIES.
text: Marrow throws the useless thing down and stands back.
text: Luke joins him, and they shoulder block it together. But this door
dialog: is MASSIVE. There's no way.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: No you bastard! Break!
text: He roundhouse kicks it, hurts himself.
text: Theo, afraid, watches the Great Hall behind them. Nell puts her
text: hand on her shoulder.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: It's not safe for you anymore.
dialog: The children need me, and Crain is
dialog: doing everything he can to keep me
dialog: from them.
text: Theo stares, appalled. Marrow looks around, puts his hand up to
text: shush everyone. The HOUSE MOANS, the BUMPING growing, searching.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: Come on.
text: He rushes down the hall, Luke right beside him, Nell and Theo in
dialog: their wake.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Luke's first barging into the kitchen. Big windows all along the
text: wall. Huge windows. Marrow follows him in, Luke's fear turning
text: into a vicious smile as he sees the towering windows.
text: Nell and Theo are right behind in time to see Luke and Marrow
text: scooping up a table and chair respectively.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Watch out!
text: The men rush the same window, side-by-side, and let the heavy pieces
text: of furniture fly from ten feet.
text: The WINDOW SHATTERS, dozens of panes blown out into the darkness
text: beyond. But the metal LATTICE remains, the chair's legs stuck in
dialog: it.
text: Marrow and Luke pause, taken back a beat. They hustle over to it.
text: Theo and Nell stand a few feet back.
text: Luke grabs the chair, levers it, tries to pry open the metal.
text: Marrow reaches through, knocking loose glass, trying to find some
text: sort of handle on the other side.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Hurry!
text: Theo watches the door behind them. Luke pries at the inch of metal
text: between him and freedom. It won't break.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: They don't open!
text: Marrow slips on the broken glass and catches hold of the lattice
text: LACERATING his ring and little finger. With a cry of pain, he lands
text: on the floor.
speaker_heading: MARROW (cont'd)
dialog: Oh Jesus my hand.
text: Nell and Theo fall to the floor to help him. Marrow moans, and Nell
text: grips his injured hand in hers. Fast, like she was born a trauma
text: doctor, Nell clamps off the blood with her fingers.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Give me your shoelace.
text: Marrow tugs at his shoe, in shock, and looks at Nell. She's calm.
text: Terrifyingly calm. And in that moment, he realizes she's not out of
dialog: her mind. She just understands things beyond what he could possible
text: begin to understand.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: What'll happen to us, Nell?
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Nothing, if you leave right now.
dialog: There's a war going on all around
dialog: us. Don't get in the way, please.
text: Nell cinches the shoelace tight around his wrist.
text: Luke throws down the chair, giving up on the window.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Shit! All right, you
dialog: sonofabitch...
text: As he looks up at another one of Crain's painting hanging on the
text: wall. Nell Theo with Marrow straggle toward the great hall.
scene_heading: INT. VESTIBULE TOWARDS GREAT HALL - NIGHT
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Maybe this'll get your attention!
text: Luke flicks a LIGHTER out of his pocket.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: Luke!
text: Before anyone can stop him, he LIGHTS a towering TAPESTRY on fire.
text: He races from one to the next, lighting them. Theo and Nell help
text: Marrow up, back away as Luke shoots by.
text: All the tapestries are ON FIRE, blazing up like torches.
text: At last, his rage spent, heaving, he moves to join the others at the
text: center of the room. They stare at him, appalled, afraid. Knowing
dialog: he has done something wrong.
text: Luke stops. Maybe fifteen feet away. He sees their expressions.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: What?
text: Nell looks over at the burning tapestries. Heat sears the stone,
text: blackens the carved figures in the woodwork.
text: The ruddy light casts deep shadows throughout the room.
speaker_heading: LUKE (cont'd)
dialog: We'll get out after this wing
dialog: burns down. Let's go.
text: But there's no need. The tapestries are consuming themselves too
text: fast to ignite the walls or ceiling. They all realize it. As the
text: last flaming scraps of cloth fall to the floor and go out, there is
dialog: utter silence.
scene_heading: INT. GREAT HALL - NIGHT
text: Luke looks at them helplessly. An awful, impending beat. Without
text: warning, the huge PERSIAN CARPET he's standing on JERKS out from
text: under him. Luke falls on his stomach.
text: Stunned, Luke looks straight into Nell's eyes. Then the carpet
text: slides fast for the FIREPLACE. It whips up to the hearth and sends
text: Luke flying through the chain curtains.
text: The others are speechless. They can do nothing but watch as Luke
text: lays there on the ashdrop. A long moment.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: (to the house, to
dialog: Crain)
dialog: No! No! Let them go!
text: She knows what is going to happen, is powerless to prevent it. Luke
text: stands up, has time to give her a look.
text: And then the LION'S HEAD FLUE drops open behind him. Luke looks
dialog: back into its iron eyes --
text: -- and with SHOCKING SPEED the FLUE snaps shut again, taking Luke's
text: head off his body.
text: The decapitated corpse falls back in the fireplace like a puppet
text: with its strings cut.
text: Nell, Marrow and Theo stand there. Not sure of what just happened,
text: their minds unable to accept it.
text: A sound comes up in Theo's throat. A sob. A horrified whimper.
text: Marrow and Nell stand there speechless. It's as if saying the
dialog: obvious will make it real:
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: Luke.
text: BANG. The blood-splattered LION'S HEAD drops open. Luke's head
text: falls out.
text: Theo SCREAMS and SCREAMS again. Nell backs away with Marrow, almost
dialog: has the presence of mind to drag them away, but --
text: -- CLANG! The ASH DROP OPENS. The sudden sound stops them in their
dialog: tracks.
text: As they watch, it's as if the House INHALES. And BOOM!
text: Out of the ash drop EXPLODES a hail of BONES, SKULLS, FLYING ASH.
text: Nell, Theo and Marrow back up toward the Grand Staircase as TONS OF
text: INCINERATED HUMAN REMAINS vomit from the fireplace, blasting across
text: the floor, knocking over furniture with shocking violence. Skulls
text: bounce over wood. Hundreds of them.
text: Theo and Marrow cover their faces as shattered bits of bone, loose
text: teeth pelt them. Nell is immune.
text: They run up the Grand Staircase toward the top and finally it can't
dialog: reach them anymore.
scene_heading: INT. MEZZANINE - NIGHT
text: They look out at the full scope of Crain's horror.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Oh God, we can't get out!
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: Nell, what do we do?
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: He played hide and seek with the
dialog: children. That's how he built the
dialog: house.
text: Marrow stares at her, trembling. He glances around at the winding
text: labyrinth of house. Impossible.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: We can't hide in here! We won't
dialog: make it til morning.
text: Nell looks at him, pitying. Infinitely sad, but guarding them.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: I know.
text: Behind them the huge painting of Hugh Crain in a golden frame with
text: sharp metal spikes, looks down at them. The room inhales and
text: exhales, the bumping sound resumes. A rumble runs through the house
text: and they all look down in fear toward the great hall where a cloud
text: of ashes still hangs in the air.
text: Unseen by them, this rumble start to shake the painting behind them.
text: The sound from the great hall makes Marrow and Theo back up more,
text: but Nell doesn't move... she senses something is about to happen and
dialog: she will fight it...
text: She suddenly turns and sees the painting... in a flash she reaches
text: out for Marrow and Theo, pull them out of the way as the giant
text: painting with the huge skull, falls face down toward them. It
text: misses them by a hair, but their clothes are shredded by the spikes.
text: Marrow and Theo are-shocked as they back up right toward the GRIFFIN
text: on top of the staircase.
text: For a split second the BRASS Griffin right behind them, comes alive,
text: opens it's fangs and claws and is ready to attack... but Nell sees
text: the danger, grabs a human bone and batters the griffin.
speaker_heading: NELL (cont'd)
dialog: No, no, you leave them alone!
text: And the griffin turns back into brass. Marrow and Theo unaware of
dialog: what happened behind them. They have to get out of there.
scene_heading: INT. SECOND FLOOR HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Nell leads Marrow and Theo down the dark hallway, the twisted
text: woodwork along the walls frozen, but seeming poised to reach out,
dialog: trip someone, grab a sleeve.
dialog: It is a nightmare House. Doing what it was made for.
text: The BUMPING they've left behind seems to vanish up and into the
text: ceiling. It gives chase, on the floor above. Nell keeps looking
text: back, and every time she does the BUMPING seems to get more firm,
text: MORE LIKE A FOOTSTEP. Calm, Nell urges them on.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Hurry.
text: The FOOTSTEPS upstairs come faster; whatever's up there moving
dialog: better, more naturally.
text: Theo and Marrow turn LEFT through an archway. Nell looks back at
text: the ceiling. The thing's moving fast.
text: She dodges toward the archway where Theo and Marrow went, and STOPS.
text: It's a wall. Solid wall. There's no archway here! Nell backs
text: away. Alone.
text: The House has separated them.
text: Nell tries to open any of the hall doors, but they are all locked.
dialog: There's no other way then going back.
scene_heading: INT. MEZZANINE - DAY
text: Nell is back in the mezzanine, steps carefully over Crain's
text: painting. The long white lace curtains in front of a side window
text: start to flutter in the wind... but the window is closed!
text: Nell walks up to the top of the stairs, her back to the window,
dialog: calls out:
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Jim! Theo!
text: No answer, and as she steps forward, listening for a reply, the
text: CURTAIN BILLOWS OUT behind her, and in its movement, becomes for a
text: split second, the image of CRAIN, GRABBING for her.
text: Nell, oblivious, steps just OUT OF REACH, and as the breeze fails,
text: the contours and patterns of the billowing curtain dissolve into
text: chaos. Nell glances back at it, just sees curtain, and looks up at
text: the open window.
text: She turns from it, determined, and starts out to find her friends
text: and walks down the steps.
scene_heading: INT. GRAND STAIRCASE/GREAT HALL - NIGHT
text: CLOSE ON THE BRASS GRIFFINS that guard the staircase.
text: Behind Nell's back they all turn toward her, follow her with their
text: eyes as Nell enters the great hall. And they cower in fear for what
text: is about to happen. Again Nell call's out for Theo and Marrow.
text: And Nell doesn't see the scores of TINY ARMS OF CHILDREN that fold
text: out from the carvings in the high backed chairs in the hall as Nell
text: carefully avoids stepping on the skulls and bones of the children
dialog: that cover the floor.
text: Horrifyingly alive are these TINY HANDS as reach out for her hair
text: after she passes. We're screaming as they almost have her... and
text: Nell steps away.
text: And then... CREAK... CREAK... CREAK...
text: The terrified animal heads on the balustrade, their eyes flash in
text: fear. The lions above the big fireplace snarl restlessly.
text: Cherubim, afraid, clasp hands. Gods and men pay unwilling witness
text: to what is now coming down the stairs.
text: The upper flight of stairs strains under the weight of the thing
text: coming down, over our heads, coming down, down... and now at the
text: landing. The sound stops.
text: Nell's BREATH escapes, visible in the cold as she watches, rooted to
text: the floor in the Grand Entry.
text: Darkness against darkness. Something BLOCKS the glint of the gilded
text: frame up on the landing. Something huge. A beat.
text: And then a SHADOW sweeps across the scene, impenetrable, darkening
text: the stairs, wiping them from sight, like something gliding down
dialog: them.
text: Before our eyes, out of the most subtle variation of shadow,
dialog: flickers into existence:
text: THE SHAPE, tall, eight or nine feet, featureless, black, but in the
text: proportions of an enormous man with his head bowed, shoulders
dialog: stooped. And just like that, all it is...
dialog: ...is a well of darkness and night once again. We don't even know
dialog: for sure what we just saw. But it is still there in that bar of
dialog: shadow.
text: Nell goes rigid, not breathing, not seeing anything but the awful
text: presence. She is spellbound.
text: BANG. A door in the connecting passage opens, and Theo and Marrow
text: come out, between Nell in the entry and the thing in the Great Hall
dialog: beyond.
text: In a flash the SHAPE is moving at Theo and Marrow. They don't see
dialog: it, have their backs turned.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Nell! There you --
text: But Nell is looking past them. They see her face and turn around.
speaker_heading: NELL
dialog: Nooo, not them!
text: What is coming at them makes the blood stop.
text: The Shape rushes from the Great Hall, vanishing as it crosses the
text: pools of moonlight, reforming darker as it hits shadow again, its
text: wake like a shockwave, invisible itself, but VISIBLE IN ITS EFFECTS:
text: Theo SCREAMS. Marrow stumbles back. And then Nell's voice rings
dialog: out:
speaker_heading: NELL (cont'd)
dialog: Is this where she bashed your
dialog: brains in?
text: The onrushing presence STOPS. Seems to turn its attention to Nell,
text: standing there before the towering front doors.
speaker_heading: NELL (cont'd)
dialog: When you came in the door? I bet
dialog: that was the last thing you
dialog: expected. Right? From Carolyn?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You thought, oh, Carolyn, I've
dialog: taken it all out of her, you
dialog: thought, Oh, Carolyn, she's no
dialog: threat. Carolyn. Great Grandma
dialog: Carolyn. Did you know that?
text: Nell shows no fear. There's a ferocious edge to her voice.
speaker_heading: NELL (cont'd)
dialog: She found out what you did, and
dialog: she knew there was only one way to
dialog: stop you. And she stopped you, so
dialog: you couldn't torture anymore of
dialog: the living.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But you wouldn't even let go of
dialog: the dead, would you? Well, now
dialog: I'm here. They called me. Did
dialog: you know that? They've been
text: crying out for help for a long
dialog: time. And I heard them.
text: She points out at the human remains strewn all over the Great Hall.
speaker_heading: NELL (cont'd)
dialog: And I won't let you hurt them
dialog: anymore.
text: The SHAPE hovers there, silent. Air and shadow distort around it.
text: The carved animal heads on the Newell posts and walls loll back and
text: forth, alive then not-alive. Pieces of furniture stamp in fury, try
text: to animate themselves, but can't find limbs that work.
speaker_heading: NELL (cont'd)
dialog: Come on, Hugh Crain, you know what
dialog: to do. We've both been here
dialog: before.
text: The SHAPE HOWLS FORWARD, knocking everyone out of their seats. It
text: flies across the floor at Nell.
text: Marrow and Theo are slammed against the walls out of its way.
text: Nell OPENS WIDE HER ARMS in an EMBRACE.
text: It's ON HER, but just as it seems to hit, it SPLITS like she went
text: right through it. The SHAPE and all the debris in its wake IMPACTS
text: deep in the enormous doors.
text: The carved WOODWORK seems to suck it all in, cracking, groaning.
text: And then all the SCREAMS are cut off.
text: Nell stands there with her arms spread. A long moment.
text: She opens her eyes.
text: And then the woodwork LASHES OUT, grabs her from behind, slams her
text: back against the doors. THE BLOW HAS KILLED HER.
text: We feel her bones break as she crumples, is drawn into the woodwork.
text: And for a few seconds Nell's body just hangs there... and then it
text: gently falls down.
text: Theo lets out a horrified cry as she runs toward Nell.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: NELL!
text: Marrow gets up off the floor in terror and awe, his life his
text: beliefs changed forever. He walks over to Nell and feels her pulse,
text: knowing it is a useless gesture as Theo softly moans over Nell.
text: And as the camera pans up across the entry door, we see a new
text: carving in the sculpted doors. It is a woman and as we move in we
text: can see that she wears the same necklace as Nell...
scene_heading: INT. HILL HOUSE FRONT DOORS, ENTRY - EARLY MORNING
dialog: The HOUSE INHALES. And BOOM!
text: The front doors blast wide. Every door in the entry slams open.
scene_heading: EXT. HILL HOUSE - EARLY MORNING
text: Against the early light of a rising sun, the silhouette of Hill
text: House. Every window and every door in the House is open, each and
text: every one CRYING OUT with a different, unintelligible voice, like a
text: soul, the soul of a child, escaping from each one.
scene_heading: EXT. GATE - DAWN
text: Theo and Marrow stand on the far side of Nell's wrecked car. On the
text: other side of the gate Mr. Dudley is undoing the chain. Mrs. Dudley
text: stares at the ragged duo.
scene_heading: MRS. DUDLEY
dialog: (her final verdict)
dialog: City people.
text: Mr. Dudley can barely get one side of the gate open with the car
text: crushed in it. Theo and Marrow emerge, dazed, into the real world
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: MR. DUDLEY
dialog: You find out what you wanted to
dialog: know, mister?
text: Marrow stares at him, he's an exhausted man. He walks away, Theo
text: beside him.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: I'm not going back to New York
dialog: City. I'm going to find an
dialog: apartment with a little flower
dialog: garden, where you can just see the
dialog: ocean and at night, when the wind
dialog: comes in just right, you can hear
dialog: the sound of the harbor. What
dialog: about you?
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: I'm a scientist. I just conducted
dialog: an experiment. Now I have to
dialog: write it up.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: But the experiment was a failure.
dialog: Now, we could have him say this line...
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: Was it?
dialog: But he should just look at her, and say the same thing with his
dialog: eyes.
text: We pull back.
scene_heading: EXT. BERKSHIRE HILLS - DAY (AERIAL)
text: The summer hills lie green, passing fast underneath. Clearings loom
text: out of the forest ahead. And there, its sprawling stone in the
text: sunshine, rises Hill House.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: ALTERNATE ENDING
scene_heading: EXT. GATE - DAWN
text: Theo and Marrow stand on the far side of Nell's wrecked car. On the
text: other side of the gate Mr. Dudley is undoing the chain. Mrs. Dudley
text: stares at the ragged duo.
scene_heading: MRS. DUDLEY
dialog: (her final verdict)
dialog: City people.
text: Mr. Dudley can barely get one side of the gate open with the car
text: crushed in it. Theo and Marrow emerge, dazed, into the real world
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: MR. DUDLEY
dialog: You find out what you wanted to
dialog: know, mister?
text: Marrow stares at him, he's an exhausted man. He walks away, Theo
text: beside him.
text: As they walk away, the SOUND OF APPLAUSE comes up.
scene_heading: WE DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. PRINTING PLANT - DAY
text: Where the applause turns out to be the sound of a press finishing a
dialog: run of a book. This could be shot in an old press in England, or a
text: foundry, with a few pieces of equipment to suggest a press. There
text: are stacks of books. This is the printing press in Hell. The NOISE
text: is deafening.
text: The title of the book: FEAR AND PERFORMANCE.
text: Marrow stands before a mountain of copies of the book. A PRINTER
text: very proudly hands him a copy.
speaker_heading: PRINTER
dialog: (has to shout)
dialog: First copy!
text: Marrow opens the book. The Printer looks at the page over his
dialog: shoulder.
speaker_heading: PRINTER (cont'd)
dialog: (reads)
dialog: This book is dedicated to Eleanor
dialog: Vance, Luke Sanderson, Rene Crain
dialog: and Carolyn Crain.
dialog: (to Marrow)
dialog: They'll be happy to see this.
dialog: Their names in a book, it kind of
dialog: makes them immortal, doesn't it?
text: Marrow looks at him.
speaker_heading: MARROW
dialog: In a way.
text: Marrow studies the page. We go into the whiteness of the page to:
scene_heading: EXT. HILL HOUSE - DAY
dialog: Where we find Theo. The House is beautiful today, it's sunny, there
text: are flowers outside, the mood has changed. Theo is now softened,
text: she's found something better than what she had. She goes into the
dialog: house.
scene_heading: INT. HILL HOUSE - DAY
text: Theo is in the House. She looks around, walks up the stairs.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Nell?... Nell?
scene_heading: EXT. BERKSHIRE HILLS - DAY (AERIAL)
text: The summer hills lie green, passing fast underneath. Clearings loom
text: out of the forest ahead. And there, its sprawling stone in the
text: sunshine, rises Hill House.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
dialog: 
