scene_heading: "THE JACKIE ROBINSON STORY"
dialog: Screenplay by
dialog: Arthur Mann and Lawrence Taylor
speaker_heading: DRAFT SCRIPT
dialog: 1950
dialog: 
speaker_heading: EFFECT
text: In complete silence the silhouetted grey shadow of a baseball
text: player at bat fills the screen. The background is a tone of
text: black. The player stands motionless for a few seconds and
text: then commences waggling his bat as if preparing to hit. Since
text: he is a right handed hitter he stands front to audience and
text: watching for the ball to come from his left. Slowly he ends
text: his waggling by pulling his bat way back, stands thus posed
text: a moment... then swings hard.
text: Instantly we hear the familiar crack of bat against ball.
text: Almost simultaneously there is the roar of a baseball crowd,
text: our music comes in, and our picture title, THE JACKIE ROBINSON
text: STORY, hits the screen. Now, as subtitles appear, they show
text: against a continuation of other baseball scenes in silhouette:
text: a figure running, sliding, jumping for a high ball, throwing,
dialog: etc. With the end of the titles we
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
speaker_heading: STOCK SHOTS
dialog: Professional baseball scenes vintage of 1919: crowds in parks,
text: flying pennants, action on the diamond.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP
text: On one of the park pennants we read the inscription: WORLD
scene_heading: SERIES, 1919. CINCINNATI VS. CHICAGO.
speaker_heading: STOCK SHOTS
text: We continue the stock shots now, perhaps even showing closeups
dialog: of such baseball immortals as mentioned by our narrator (a
text: phantom voice never identified) whom we now hear.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: In 1919 American professional
dialog: baseball, slowed down by World War
dialog: I, was picking up speed again. It
dialog: had its Babe Ruth who was astounding
dialog: the country by hitting 29 homers for
text: Boston, its Ty Cobb then winding up
dialog: a Hall of Fame career by leading the
dialog: American League in hitting with a
dialog: .384 average, Ty's great contemporary
dialog: in Cleveland, Tris Speaker, its great
dialog: pitchers, Walter Johnson, Burleigh
dialog: Grimes, Herb Pennock... And, down in
dialog: Georgia, it had something else...
dialog: coming up. Name? Jackie Robinson.
dialog: Race? Negro. Occupation? Infant in
text: his mother's arms.
scene_heading: GEORGIA 'CROPPER COUNTRY PANORAMIC (STOCK)
scene_heading: DRAB, FLAT ROAD LONG SHOT
text: Into the scene, far distance, moves a rude, mule-drawn wagon.
scene_heading: THE WAGON FULL SHOT
text: Holding the reins is an old Negro in well-worn, farmhand
text: clothes. Beside him on the seat and holding a sleeping baby
text: in her arms is a Negro woman, about thirty. She is dressed
dialog: in the best that a poor woman of her time and place might be
dialog: able to afford -- a store suit, but re-tailored to fit, and
text: neatly pressed. Between them sits a two year old girl, also
text: in her starched best. Behind, standing and sitting amidst
text: some cheap suitcases, are three other children, two boys and
text: a girl, from four to ten years of age.
speaker_heading: SAME - CLOSER
text: The cry of a far-off train whistle comes to the group. The
text: mother shifts about in an expression of nervousness and
text: glances back at the children behind her. The whistle has
text: caused excitement among them. The oldest girl leans forward
text: to her mother eagerly, apparently wondering about the train.
scene_heading: GIRL - MOTHER CLOSE SHOT
text: The mind of the mother is too pre-occupied to permit her to
text: give the girl more than a fleeting smile and then she turns
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: In the family history of every living
dialog: American, except for the American
dialog: Indian, there is the story of
dialog: migration and settling and re-
dialog: settling. Either the American himself,
dialog: or an ancestor, had to travel to get
dialog: where that American is today. Jackie
dialog: Robinson was raised in Pasadena,
dialog: California. This is how his mother,
dialog: a widow, brought him and his brothers
dialog: and sisters out of Georgia.
scene_heading: THE WAGON LONG SHOT
text: The old man is whipping up his mules to hurry them along.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: DOUBLE SEAT IN DAY COACH - NIGHT MEDIUM SHOT
text: The mother and her brood are asleep. She is against the
text: window, the baby still in her arms, and her head fallen back
text: against the headrest. Alongside her is curled the two-year
text: old girl. Half-sitting, half-slumped against each other on
text: the seat opposite are the next two youngest children, and
text: lying on blankets on the floor between the seats is cramped
text: the oldest child. Once, as the narrator talks, the mother
text: opens her eyes slowly, looks her children over, makes a slight
dialog: re-adjustment of position here and there among them, then
text: lets her head fall back again.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: ESTABLISHING SHOT - RAILROAD STATION - PASADENA CALIFORNIA -
speaker_heading: DAY - (STOCK)
text: A taxi in front of the station takes on Mrs. Robinson and
text: her children. The driver helps with their luggage and then
text: pulls away from the station. Except for music, the scene is
dialog: silent.
speaker_heading: INT. TAXI - (PROCESS)
text: Mrs. Robinson and the children in the taxi as they look out
text: at the scene. (Stock shots of Pasadena's business sections,
dialog: then of the residential area are to be inter-cut.)
scene_heading: WASHINGTON ELEMENTARY SCHOOL - DAY MEDIUM SHOT - AS FROM
speaker_heading: TAXICAB
text: As children leave school, trooping out noisily and happily.
text: Among the children are several Negroes.
speaker_heading: INT. TAXI - (PROCESS)
text: The children and the mother gaze intently as they note Negro
text: pupils among the white children. Then they gaze at each other
text: as if it is something hard to believe.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON TWO OF THE CHILDREN - (PROCESS)
text: As they turn their heads to continue looking at the school
text: even though the taxi is now some distance past it.
scene_heading: TAXI DRIVING INTO NEGRO DISTRICT
text: As CAMERA FOLLOWS TAXI, we see that we are now in a low-priced
dialog: area of homes, stores, etc.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: They had never seen anything like
dialog: the city that was to be their new
dialog: home. They looked and wondered and
dialog: the mother told herself that sooner
dialog: or later they would be well, if
dialog: humbly, settled there... And -- in
dialog: time -- they were... and very
dialog: humbly...
text: As narration fades, we
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
speaker_heading: STREET SCENE LONG
text: A nine year old colored boy is running towards the Robinson
text: home in high excitement. He is carrying a fielder's glove at
text: which he has to glance every other second though he is in
dialog: full flight.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: (talking through the
dialog: following scenes as
dialog: well)
dialog: This isn't Jackie -- but when he was
dialog: nine, and the family couldn't afford
dialog: to get him a baseball glove, this is
dialog: how his mother helped him make a
dialog: necessary adjustment to life. Jackie
text: had found an old, dilapidated glove...
scene_heading: ROBINSON HOME MED. SHOT
text: The kid leaps up the stairs and into the house.
scene_heading: ROBINSON KITCHEN MED. SHOT
text: The kid slides into the kitchen, holding the glove out to
text: Mrs. Robinson who is turning around from the gas range, and
text: talks to her eagerly.
scene_heading: MRS. ROBINSON CLOSEUP
text: She takes the glove, examines it, and has to smile. It is
text: badly frayed, the side stitching burst in a number of places,
text: and padding extruding. Nevertheless, she nods and turns
dialog: away...
scene_heading: KITCHEN MED. SHOT
text: Mrs. Robinson taking a sewing kit out of a drawer, the kid
text: hopping around just in back of her and getting his head in
text: her way. She goes to table, sits down, and commences threading
text: a needle.
scene_heading: MRS. ROBINSON AND BOY CLOSE
text: She starts to take the first stitch. He asks her something
text: anxiously. She nods reassuringly and his face lights up with
text: a heart-wide grin.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: STREET SCENE - DAY MED. SHOT
text: The same boy stands at a street corner, a bunch of newspapers
text: at his feet, a dozen or so more under his arm, selling papers,
dialog: both to car patrons and to pedestrians.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: Between work and school Jackie, like
dialog: this boy, didn't have all the time
dialog: in the world to play...
text: The boy turns his back to camera as he sells a newspaper and
text: we see the glove sticking partially out of his back pocket.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: ...but he always kept his glove
dialog: handy...
scene_heading: EXT. EMPTY PLAY LOT LONG SHOT
text: Running onto an empty lot where several other boys are playing
text: ball in a make-shift game, is Jackie. One of the boys bats
text: out a fly and Jackie scoots after it.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
text: (NOTE: The following shots, illustrating narrator's talk,
text: are quick, almost montage views, taken against any studio
text: backgrounds already up and available. They are all angled to
text: keep face of boy unrecognizable... and as shots progress boy
dialog: gets bigger to indicate his growth.)
speaker_heading: INTERIOR
text: Boy mopping a floor.
speaker_heading: EXTERIOR
text: Boy delivering package to woman who opens door.
speaker_heading: EXTERIOR
text: Boy piling up scrap lumber in corner of yard.
speaker_heading: EXTERIOR
text: Boy pushing hand-truck loaded with sacks.
speaker_heading: EXTERIOR
text: Boy driving small delivery truck, stopping and jumping out
dialog: with parcel.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: (against above)
dialog: All the things that boys find to do
dialog: when they have to work through their
dialog: schoolhood years, Jackie did...
scene_heading: ESTABLISHING SHOT - ATHLETIC FIELD - DAY - (STOCK)
text: Track events in progress. Students and fans watching.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: ...yet he managed to make time for
dialog: sports as well.
scene_heading: BROAD JUMP PIT LONG SHOT - (STOCK)
text: We get a bare flash of a young Negro lad in track suit taking
text: his run and launching into a broad jump.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: This still isn't Jackie, but when he
dialog: attended Pasadena Junior College he
dialog: led in all sports, broke the National
dialog: Junior College running broad jump
dialog: record with a leap of 25 feet, six
dialog: inches -- a record set a few years
dialog: earlier by his own brother, Mack!
scene_heading: AERIAL SHOT - LOS ANGELES MEMORIAL COLISEUM - DAY FOOTBALL
speaker_heading: GAME IN PROGRESS - (STOCK)
scene_heading: EXT. COLISEUM - DAY FULL SHOT - (STOCK)
text: Football game in progress, thousands of fans watching.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - PLAYING FIELD THE TWO TEAMS IN POSITION TO START
speaker_heading: A PLAY - (STOCK)
scene_heading: MED. LONG SHOT THE PLAYERS - (STOCK)
text: As signals are called and a runner gets the ball. (From this
dialog: distance we can't recognize any player or distinguish actual
dialog: numbers on their uniforms.)
speaker_heading: MED. SHOT
text: The player with the ball breaks through the opposing team's
text: line and dashes for the sidelines and toward camera.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: But this -- IS -- Jackie Robinson...
text: As player nears camera we recognize him as Jackie. Over scene
text: is HEARD roar of the crowd. CAMERA HOLDS as Jackie runs into
text: a CLOSE SHOT, then past camera.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: ...playing football for the University
dialog: of California at Los Angeles where
dialog: he had won an athletic scholarship.
speaker_heading: STOCK SHOT LONG
dialog: Any shot of a player crossing into end zone for a touchdown,
text: as opposing players trail after him... this, apparently,
text: being the end of Jackie's run.
speaker_heading: THE CROWD LONG
text: They are cheering.
scene_heading: FOOTBALL EXCERPTS - (STOCK) MONTAGE
dialog: These should be actual shots of Jackie in action against
dialog: various college teams during his UCLA days. (During these we
dialog: should work in a studio CLOSEUP or two to let us take a good
text: look at the man.) Each of the shots is identified by the
dialog: narrator as follows:
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: Against Southern California!
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: Against Oregon!
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: Against Stanford! Etc.
scene_heading: COLISEUM STANDS MEDIUM
text: We see small section of student body watching game. Seated
text: with two white girl companions is an attractive Negro girl
text: (Rae). After joining crowd in a cheer one of the white girls
text: turns to Rae.
speaker_heading: WHITE GIRL
dialog: Jackie sure can run! How does it
dialog: feel to see your future husband going
dialog: wild down there?
speaker_heading: RAE
dialog: (acting taken aback)
dialog: Future husband? You're faster than
dialog: he is! He hasn't got that far yet.
speaker_heading: WHITE GIRL
dialog: (waving hand derisively)
dialog: Now don't pretend, Rae! We know.
dialog: (turning to other
dialog: white girl)
dialog: Don't we, Claire?
dialog: As other nods --
speaker_heading: WHITE GIRL
dialog: So don't pretend, Rae!
text: Rae laughs but is a little embarrassed at being kidded about
text: it. The white girl sees this and pats Rae's face, as you
dialog: will to a child you are fond of, to indicate she meant no
dialog: harm.
scene_heading: FOOTBALL FIELD LONG SHOT
text: Another quick shot of action on the field, with crowd roaring,
dialog: as we
scene_heading: SLOWLY DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: EXTERIOR MED. SHOT
text: Our shot takes in the tailgate of a furniture truck backed
text: close to a warehouse-like entrance or loading platform. A
text: tablet on wall of warehouse reading EMPIRE STORAGE COMPANY
text: helps identify scene. A Negro of about fifty, strongly built,
text: stands on truck tailgate waiting. Jackie, head hidden under
text: huge club chair which he is carrying, walks into scene from
dialog: warehouse.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: It wasn't all touchdowns and cheers,
dialog: however. There was also work...
text: Jackie swings chair to truck where older man grabs it.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: (wiping perspiration)
dialog: That's the last one, Jake.
text: Jake settles chair down, leans against it.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: I saw you play yesterday.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: (pleased)
dialog: Yeah? Like the game?
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: (judiciously)
dialog: It was good. You was good. But what's
dialog: the use if you got to do this kind
dialog: of work? I didn't have to go to no
dialog: college to get this job.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: (smiling, after pause)
dialog: You see, Jake, you're smarter than I
dialog: am.
text: Jake studies Jackie a moment, and then, with a slow, knowing
text: smile, lifts chair up and disappears into truck with it.
scene_heading: EXT. UCLA CAMPUS PANORAMIC - (STOCK)
text: General shot campus showing college buildings b.g. and
text: students either wandering around or lounging on ground.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: And there was always studying to be
dialog: done.
scene_heading: TREE TRUNK CLOSE
text: Jackie sitting with back propped against tree reading book.
speaker_heading: RAE'S VOICE
dialog: Oh, I'm sorry I'm late.
text: Jackie looks up as Rae enters scene. He would get up but she
text: slips down beside him before he can get started.
speaker_heading: RAE
dialog: Stay put. I was held up by Claire
dialog: King. She just wanted to talk.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: (indicating his book)
dialog: That's okay. I can use all the time
dialog: I can get for this.
speaker_heading: RAE
dialog: (pretending affront)
dialog: Oh. Then I'll go.
text: Jackie instantly tosses book over one shoulder and takes one
text: of Rae's hands in his so she can't get away.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: Did you say something?
speaker_heading: RAE
dialog: (pretending alarm)
dialog: Your book! What about your book?
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: What about you?
text: Rae has to break down and smile and they are looking at each
dialog: other as we
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: FOOTBALL GAME - DAY - (STOCK) PANORAMIC
text: Another game with stands loaded.
speaker_heading: STANDS SECTION CLOSE
text: Rae and a few people around her.
speaker_heading: FIELD - (STOCK) LONG
text: A player, indistinguishable, goes down under tacklers.
speaker_heading: STANDS CLOSE
text: Rae wincing as voices, o.s., yell:
speaker_heading: VOICES
dialog: Jackie's down! Wow! They sure got
dialog: him that time!
text: A white girl sitting with a boy friend in front of Rae
dialog: comments:
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: (indignantly)
dialog: They sure pile on to him!
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: (brutally)
dialog: What do you think? Who wouldn't if
dialog: they had a chance to slug...
text: The girl pokes him and indicates with her eyes that Rae is
text: seated right behind them. The boy looks back at Rae, then at
text: his girl again with a non-committal shrug.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - THE FIELD - RAE'S ANGLE
text: As the players finally unpile. However, the ball-carrier
text: lies there and two or three of his own teammates rush toward
dialog: him.
scene_heading: QUICK CUT - RAE - ALARMED CLOSE SHOT - THE FIELD
text: Jackie on ground, ball under him, two or three players trying
text: to help him to his feet. While they do so, the trainer rushes
text: into scene to help them. CAMERA HOLDS as the trainer and
text: another player help Jackie off the field. Over scene comes a
text: cheer from the crowd, glad that Jackie isn't seriously hurt.
text: However, he does have a decided limp.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP - RAE
text: She looks greatly relieved.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - JACKIE, TRAINER AND PLAYER
text: As they walk toward camera, then past camera, on their way
dialog: to dressing room, o.s.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE - AT ENTRANCE TO DRESSING ROOMS
text: As Jackie, the trainer and another player walk into scene
text: and enter the dressing room. All are quiet, and over scene
text: we HEAR roar of the fans again.
scene_heading: INT. DRESSING ROOMS - DAY FULL SHOT
text: Lights are on, there is a doctor's bag on one of the rub-
text: down tables, a dozen or so uniforms tossed on various chairs
text: and on the floor near the lockers. The trainer and player
text: help Jackie up onto a table and pull his jersey off. Jackie
text: winces.
scene_heading: TRAINING TABLE TWO SHOT
speaker_heading: TRAINER
dialog: (talking as he works)
dialog: Hurt much?
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: TRAINER
text: Hip's badly bruised.
text: The player who helped Jackie off the field comes into shot.
text: He is angry.
speaker_heading: PLAYER
dialog: I don't know what's wrong with those
dialog: guys giving it to Jackie like that.
dialog: Just because he's...
speaker_heading: TRAINER
dialog: (curtly)
dialog: Hold it! I knew before the game they
text: were out to watch Jackie close. The
dialog: trainer on their team told me. But
dialog: it was because of his playing ability
dialog: and nothing else.
speaker_heading: PLAYER
dialog: Oh.
speaker_heading: TRAINER
dialog: You better get back to the bench.
dialog: (to Jackie)
dialog: I wasn't kidding about that either,
dialog: Jackie. They had respect for you out
dialog: there. Plenty.
speaker_heading: JACKIE CLOSEUP
text: Jackie mulls over the trainer's words.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: Thanks, Dick. It's nice to know.
speaker_heading: TRAINER
dialog: (pleasantly)
dialog: Say, Jackie. How's your brother Mack?
dialog: I remember him when he went to the
dialog: University of Oregon... and when he
dialog: ran in the Olympics overseas. One of
dialog: the finest athletes I ever met.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: (after pause)
dialog: Oh, Mack? He's fine. Fine, thank
dialog: you.
scene_heading: FRONT STEPS ROBINSON HOME MEDIUM
text: Jackie and Rae are sitting quietly on the steps. Mrs. Robinson
text: comes out door just as Jackie slips his body down one step
text: and lays his head against Rae's shoulder. Mrs. Robinson, who
text: has some knitting in her hand, goes to a chair in a dark
text: corner of the porch.
speaker_heading: JACKIE - RAE CLOSE
speaker_heading: RAE
dialog: Still in some pain, aren't you? I
dialog: think football is a wild game. I
dialog: don't think I like it.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: (shifting in discomfort)
dialog: I don't myself right now.
scene_heading: MRS. ROBINSON'S VOICE
dialog: I think it's disgusting... young men
dialog: battering each other... no better
dialog: than just plain old bulls.
text: Jackie gives Rae an amused side glance at this, then shrugs.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: Well, it won't last much longer.
speaker_heading: RAE
dialog: Why? What are you going to do?
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: Oh... something. This isn't getting
dialog: me anywhere. I mean... this isn't
dialog: getting us anywhere.
text: He shifts about to look directly at Rae with a smile.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: And that's serious!
speaker_heading: RAE
dialog: (embarrassed)
dialog: Oh-h!
text: She pushes his head around and away from her.
scene_heading: MRS. ROBINSON CLOSE
text: She sees this byplay and her face softens in a smile. Quietly
text: she gathers up her knitting and gets up.
scene_heading: FRONT STEPS MEDIUM
text: Mrs. Robinson enters house. Jackie hears the door closing
text: and looks around. Then he smiles down at Rae who smiles back
dialog: in understanding.
speaker_heading: JACKIE - RAE CLOSE
speaker_heading: RAE
dialog: She's cute.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: Yeah...
speaker_heading: RAE
dialog: What did you mean, Jackie? About
dialog: your going to do something?
speaker_heading: JACKIE CLOSEUP
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: (his face serious)
dialog: Oh... I mean I'm too big to be just
dialog: ornamental... Keeps Mom and Mack
dialog: hustling to pay my way... I've got
dialog: to start in being real useful...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT MED. SHOT - JACKIE
text: He is in bed, unable to sleep. He has a school book on a
text: table beside the bed; a small lamp is burning. He picks up
text: the book and studies it for a few moments, but his heart
text: isn't in it. A clock on the table shows that it is three
text: o'clock in the morning. Jackie sighs deeply, then slowly
text: starts climbing out of bed, still careful of his hip.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT MEDIUM - JACKIE
text: Standing by the gas range Jackie pours hot coffee into a
text: vacuum lunch bottle. Two sandwiches are on a piece of paper.
text: He corks the bottle and is wrapping up the sandwiches when
text: we hear Mrs. Robinson's voice.
scene_heading: MRS. ROBINSON'S VOICE
dialog: Who is that? You, Jackie?
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: Yes, mom.
scene_heading: MRS. ROBINSON'S VOICE
dialog: (alarmed)
dialog: You sick?
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: No. Just couldn't sleep. I'm going
dialog: out to see Mack. Want to talk to him
dialog: anyway.
scene_heading: MRS. ROBINSON'S VOICE
dialog: Can't it wait till morning? It's
text: three o'clock.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: I know. But I won't be long. I know
dialog: where to find him.
scene_heading: MRS. ROBINSON'S VOICE
dialog: (fading off)
dialog: Three o'clock! My! My! What a thing
dialog: to do... what a thing to do...
scene_heading: EXT. PASADENA STREET SCENE - NIGHT LONG
dialog: Jackie walking along Colorado Avenue, or similar business
text: street, deserted and lonely at this hour except for a street
text: cleaner in the distance. Jackie carries the lunch package in
text: one hand, much as he would a football. Sandwich and vacuum
text: bottle are wrapped in the same, tight package.
speaker_heading: TRUCKING
text: Jackie approaching street cleaner who, however, does not
text: hear him because of the noise of his heavy broom and the
text: fact that parked cars separate the two men.
scene_heading: JACKIE AND CAR MEDIUM
text: Jackie has reached car. He stops a second and we hear the
text: street cleaner's broom being pushed over the concrete. Jackie
text: takes a few more steps, bringing him past the car. He stops
text: and turns in the direction of the street cleaner.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: (knowing it will be a
dialog: surprise)
dialog: Hello, Mack.
speaker_heading: MACK MEDIUM
text: We see that Mack, Jackie's older brother by three years, and
text: former University of Oregon track star, is the street cleaner.
text: He is in the loose uniform of the town's sanitation corps
text: and is startled by Jackie's words and appearance, then grins.
speaker_heading: MACK
dialog: What the... what are you doing here
dialog: at this hour? Schoolboys should be
dialog: in bed.
speaker_heading: JACKIE - MACK
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: Yeah. I couldn't sleep so I fixed
dialog: you some lunch. Here...!
text: He throws the package like a forward pass and Mack, shifting
text: broom to crook of his elbow, snags it expertly.
speaker_heading: MACK
dialog: (dropping his broom)
dialog: Man oh man -- I can use some... Hope
dialog: you figured I was a bit hungry...
text: He is obviously very pleased.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: (chuckling)
dialog: You bet. Coffee, too.
speaker_heading: MACK
dialog: (indicating curb)
dialog: Now you're talking. Let's sit down
dialog: and take it easy for a while...
text: Mack opens the package, takes a sandwich and offers one to
text: Jackie. Jackie shakes his head.
speaker_heading: MACK
dialog: (takes a bite)
dialog: Anything bothering you?
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: Yeah. I want to quit college. Right
dialog: after the basketball season... when
dialog: my scholarship is up.
text: Mack almost chokes on his first bite.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: (pounding Mack's back)
dialog: Take it easy, boy. I don't want to
dialog: lose you now.
dialog: (getting serious)
dialog: You know Mom. She sees me as a doctor,
dialog: minister or lawyer, perhaps. I'd
dialog: like to please her but it just isn't
dialog: in me...
speaker_heading: MACK
dialog: Yeah. I know.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: (continuing his thought)
dialog: It would mean years more in school --
dialog: and the way I feel, I'd rather work
dialog: at getting some kind of a sport job --
dialog: an assistant coach -- or a trainer --
dialog: something like that... But I can't
dialog: figure out which to aim at... Coaching
dialog: jobs are darn hard to get...
speaker_heading: MACK
dialog: (thoughtfully)
dialog: All I can say, Jackie, is that you
dialog: ought to stay in college as long as
dialog: you can -- try to graduate -- and
dialog: keep at sports as hard as you can.
dialog: Something might turn up... and as
dialog: far as education goes -- it'll do
dialog: you good...
text: Then, noticing the trash he has been sweeping, he smiles.
speaker_heading: MACK
dialog: How much good -- I'm not saying.
text: Jackie nods. Neither of them is at all bitter about it. It
dialog: is just accepted.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: Sure... I know... But I've got to go
dialog: to work. I want to marry Rae. School's
dialog: one thing -- but you and Mom can't
dialog: support me in marriage.
text: During the scene, Mack has continued to eat and now he opens
text: the thermos of coffee. Jackie shakes his head that he doesn't
text: want any and Mack pours himself a cup. As he starts to drink,
text: a convertible filled with young people drives in sight, the
text: youngsters singing a football victory song. Jackie and Mack
text: watch it drive by. Banners and streamers hang from the car --
text: all showing UCLA insignia.
text: Mack grins at Jackie.
speaker_heading: MACK
dialog: Funny place for a football hero to
dialog: be sitting at this time of night...
text: Jackie grins back at him.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: Funny job you've got for a university
dialog: man...
text: He kicks at the pile of debris near them. Mack grins back at
text: him, sighs.
speaker_heading: MACK
dialog: (philosophically)
dialog: That's the way it is...
text: They sit in silence for a moment and CAMERA PULLS BACK and
text: draws away from them, their figures small against the long,
text: lonely, dark street...
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. UCLA CAMPUS - NIGHT ESTABLISHING
scene_heading: EXT. GYM - NIGHT ENTRANCE
text: A student about to enter calls to another student passing
dialog: by.
speaker_heading: STUDENT
dialog: Hey, Jerry! Going to watch basketball
dialog: practice?
text: The passing student shakes his head and points to some books
text: he is carrying to indicate he has to study.
scene_heading: INT. GYM FULL SHOT
text: A practice session is on, the players just passing the ball
text: around and shooting baskets. At the sidelines stands an
dialog: assistant coach.
scene_heading: JACKIE MED. SHOT
text: We see him run to the basket, get the ball on a pass, and
text: shoot. Catching the ball as it comes through the net he slings
text: it far upcourt.
scene_heading: ASSISTANT COACH MEDIUM
speaker_heading: COACH
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: All right, fellows. Let's work out
dialog: in teams.
speaker_heading: GYM LONG SHOT
text: The players break up into two teams and take position for
text: the start of a game.
scene_heading: JACKIE AND PLAYER CLOSE
text: Jackie and the player opposing him stand together waiting
text: for the opening whistle to sound.
speaker_heading: PLAYER
dialog: That true, Jackie, about your quitting
dialog: at the end of the basketball season?
dialog: As Jackie nods --
speaker_heading: PLAYER
dialog: Not even going out for baseball again?
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: No, I'm not.
speaker_heading: PLAYER
dialog: Don't you like baseball?
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: Can't afford to like it!
speaker_heading: PLAYER
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: Ever hear of a Negro in organized
dialog: ball?
speaker_heading: GAME LONG
text: We see a few seconds of game skirmish, and follow Jackie
text: down the court in a rush towards the basket which he
text: ultimately shoots.
scene_heading: JACKIE AND PLAYER CLOSE
text: They are both panting a little now as they line up against
dialog: each other again.
speaker_heading: PLAYER
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Well, don't think I'll miss you.
dialog: I'll make the first team after you're
dialog: gone.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: (with friendly dig
dialog: into player's ribs)
dialog: Well, I'll miss you. You kept me
dialog: stepping.
text: The other player pulls his fist back as if to sock Jackie.
speaker_heading: PLAYER
dialog: Get out! Kept you stepping! I didn't
dialog: have a chance!
text: They are both grinning as the whistle sounds and they jump
text: into play again.
scene_heading: BASKETBALL GAMES - (STOCK) MONTAGE
text: We see Jackie in action against other college teams during
text: the basketball season, and over each separate game appears a
dialog: title identifying the particular rival college involved in
dialog: the shot. After final shot we
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: EXT. STUDY HALL LONG
text: A group of students on the steps of one of the campus
text: buildings are reading the college paper which is held by one
dialog: of them.
speaker_heading: GROUP MEDIUM
text: One of the students is reading aloud.
speaker_heading: STUDENT
dialog: "UCLA loses four-letter athlete.
dialog: Jackie Robinson leaving school."
speaker_heading: SECOND STUDENT
dialog: He wasn't kidding.
speaker_heading: THIRD STUDENT
dialog: Gee, that boy's gonna leave a hole
text: behind him hard to fill. How come?
text: One of the other students rubs forefinger against thumb in
dialog: the "money sign."
speaker_heading: STUDENT
dialog: Economics, my boy. A man must live
dialog: before he can play. And in order to
dialog: live...
text: He makes the money sign again as we cut go:
scene_heading: INT. DRESSING ROOM MEDIUM
text: Jackie is taking his stuff from his locker and packing it in
text: a small bag. The trainer we met in the football sequences
text: and a student are standing by. Jackie is explaining something
dialog: to them.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: ...Coming out of Junior College to
dialog: UCLA, the way I did, I only had a
dialog: two-year scholarship to fit my
dialog: athletic eligibility. Well... the
text: scholarship is over.
speaker_heading: TRAINER
dialog: Isn't there any way you can stay on?
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: My mother is 63 years old. She's
dialog: worked as housekeeper, maid, cook,
dialog: laundress, janitress and selling
dialog: yard goods in a store to keep us
dialog: kids going.
speaker_heading: TRAINER
dialog: She wanted to do it. She must not
dialog: want to see you give up now.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: Yes, she'd work for the next ten
dialog: years if I stayed in school...
speaker_heading: TRAINER
dialog: Well?
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: Can't take a chance. I can't expect
dialog: more future than Mack... and with
dialog: all his college he wasn't able to
dialog: get anything worth while. That's not
dialog: worth ten more years of work for my
dialog: mother.
text: His packing finished, Jackie shakes hands with both men.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: Luck to you, and I'll take the same.
scene_heading: TRAINER AND STUDENT
dialog: (ad lib)
dialog: All the luck in the world. You'll
dialog: make out all right, Jackie.
text: As Jackie exits the trainer turns to the student.
speaker_heading: TRAINER
text: Somehow it doesn't make sense. The
dialog: only four-letter man we've had at
dialog: UCLA in ten years. High basketball
dialog: scorer for us in both years he was
dialog: here. On top of that he's as fine a
dialog: baseball player as I have ever seen...
dialog: and it don't mean a thing. He's
dialog: walking out of here without anything
text: ahead of him except a couple of games
text: of pro-football signed up.
speaker_heading: STUDENT
dialog: Maybe he can have a career in
dialog: professional football.
speaker_heading: TRAINER
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: Baseball is his game.
speaker_heading: STUDENT
dialog: He tells everyone he doesn't care
dialog: about baseball.
speaker_heading: TRAINER
dialog: (with a short smile)
dialog: Yeah... I know. What else is he going
dialog: to say?
scene_heading: INT. ROBINSON HOME CLOSEUP
text: A pair of hands counting a roll of paper money, each bill
text: being slapped down on a table.
text: CAMERA MOVES BACK to reveal Jackie standing up and counting
text: the money in front of his mother who is seated at the table.
text: She seems puzzled as she looks at the bills and then up at
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: MRS. ROBINSON
dialog: What's that, Jackie?
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: (still counting)
dialog: Money. Remember, Mom?
text: She gives him a warning glance not to joke with her.
speaker_heading: MRS. ROBINSON
dialog: What is that, Jackie?
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: (in mollifying tone)
dialog: Okay. Okay, Mom. It's an advance
dialog: payment for playing professional
dialog: football. I'm signed up to play for
dialog: Honolulu.
text: He tidies up the bills and leaves them in front of her as he
text: sits down.
speaker_heading: MRS. ROBINSON
dialog: But I don't like for you to play
dialog: football. Is that why you quit
dialog: college?
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: No, Mom. I'm going there just to
dialog: play a few games. They came to me
dialog: when they heard I was going to quit.
dialog: We can use the money till I get what
dialog: I want. So I took it.
speaker_heading: MRS. ROBINSON
text: Honolulu's far away.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: I'll be there and back inside of two
dialog: months.
text: She is troubled as she looks at the money and then up at
text: Jackie again. He shrugs.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: And then, maybe, I'll have some
dialog: answers to all the letters I've been
text: writing for a coaching job.
text: When she still doesn't reply he smiles and reaches out to
text: pat her folded hands reassuringly.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: It'll be all right, Mom. Just give
dialog: me a little time and you'll be proud
dialog: of me.
text: She looks directly at him.
speaker_heading: MRS. ROBINSON
dialog: I was proud of you when you went to
dialog: college.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: (gravely)
dialog: I know. But... I didn't feel proud
dialog: of myself.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: EXT. ROBINSON HOME - NIGHT FULL SHOT
text: Jackie and Rae are sitting on the front steps, apparently
text: having reached a pause in their conversation which has left
text: them both looking a little troubled.
speaker_heading: DOLLY SHOT
text: CAMERA MOVES IN as we hear:
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: ...May take us a little longer this
dialog: way but it means a better start...
text: As she nods mechanically --
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: When it does... uh...
dialog: (in sudden disgust)
dialog: Oh... maybe you're right. Maybe I'm
text: just going around in circles.
text: Rae turns to him quickly in sudden compunction.
speaker_heading: RAE
dialog: Jackie, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to
dialog: act so cold to the idea. I'm not
dialog: even listening because... because I
dialog: just don't want you to go away.
text: As he tries to talk --
speaker_heading: RAE
dialog: No. I know you have to do something
dialog: like this to get a start. I know...
dialog: but that doesn't make me like it.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: (taking her hand)
dialog: All right. And I am going around in
dialog: circles. I don't know how to beat
dialog: that. But Rae... there's one thing I
dialog: want you to be sure of...
text: As she nods --
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: Every circle comes right back to
dialog: you.
text: As her face lights up --
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: And all I'm worrying about is getting
dialog: around fast enough!
text: They smile at each other and then Rae leans her head back
text: against Jackie's chest. They stay like this, both gazing
text: off, when she speaks again.
speaker_heading: RAE
dialog: (slowly)
dialog: I have to take my post-graduate
dialog: nursing course in a hospital. I think
dialog: I can get in Bellevue in New York.
dialog: That's where I'll be...
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: (frowning)
dialog: But why so far...
speaker_heading: RAE
dialog: (turning to face him)
dialog: That's where I'll be when you're
dialog: ready. It's better that way. Something
dialog: for me to do. You're more free...
text: They study each other's faces.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: All right.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. SHIPBOARD CABIN - (PROCESS) CLOSE
text: A corner of a cabin. Jackie is typing away at a small table
text: next to a porthole through which we can see a mid-ocean
text: horizon rising and falling with the roll of the ship. Next
text: to him is a small pile of letters already written. The distant
text: clang of ship's bells is HEARD.
scene_heading: TYPEWRITER CLOSEUP
scene_heading: We can see that the letter is printed "S.S. LURLINE - HONOLULU
text: BOUND." Under it he has typed the following heading and
dialog: salutation:
dialog: "Mr. W.J. Jeffrey Athletic Director Overton College Overton,
dialog: Calif."
text: And that he is tapping out the first few lines of his letter
dialog: which begins as follows:
dialog: "Dear Mr. Jeffrey:
dialog: In application for an athletic coaching, or assistant
dialog: coaching, appointment at Overton, I would like to submit the
dialog: following qualifications..."
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: MONTAGE - FOOTBALL SCENES
text: Opening with STOCK of Hawaii, then into clips of several
text: football games, ending with a SHOT of a steamship leaving
dialog: Hawaii.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: EXT. ROBINSON HOME - DAY MED. SHOT - JACKIE
text: He is walking up to the house, carrying a suitcase in each
text: hand. CAMERA HOLDS as he reaches front door.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT DOOR CLOSE - JACKIE
text: He lowers suitcases and knocks at the door as he finds it
text: locked. He waits a moment, gets no answer, then finds his
text: own key and unlocks the door.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - DAY MED. SHOT
text: As Jackie enters, places his bags on the floor and closes
text: the door behind him. He stands there for a moment, then goes
text: toward a table where there are several pieces of mail.
scene_heading: JACKIE AT TABLE MED. CLOSE
text: He picks up the dozen or so letters and finds that four of
text: them are for him. He sits down, opens and reads them, one by
text: one. We do not see the first two which he crumples up and
text: drops into a wastebasket. The third one he re-reads and thinks
text: about for a moment, then places it to one side. The fourth
text: he reads and crumples again and discards with the others.
text: Then he rises and walks back and forth as he thinks. After a
text: moment he stands at the living room window and stares out
dialog: silently.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - JACKIE
text: He stares out of the window, then sees something, turns and
text: heads for the front door.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - DAY MED. SHOT
text: Mrs. Robinson is walking up toward the house, carrying two
text: large sacks of groceries. Jackie hurries to meet her, greeting
text: her and taking the packages at the same time, even as they
dialog: embrace.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: Hello, Mom...
speaker_heading: MRS. ROBINSON
dialog: (happy to see him)
dialog: I was hoping you'd be here -- your
dialog: telegram came just a little while
dialog: ago so I went out to get some
dialog: things...
dialog: He knows that she intended to get some extra-special food
dialog: for a homecoming dinner.
text: CAMERA PANS them into the house.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM FULL SHOT
text: Jackie and his mother enter and pass through into the kitchen.
speaker_heading: MRS. ROBINSON
dialog: (as they walk through)
dialog: ...you didn't get hurt, did you?
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE AT KITCHEN DOOR
text: As they enter kitchen to put down the packages.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: (as he enters)
dialog: Not a scratch. Got a sore arm though --
dialog: from writing letters...
speaker_heading: MRS. ROBINSON
text: (as she follows him
dialog: in)
dialog: Letters? Some letters came for you.
text: She comes back into the living room, heads for the table
text: where Jackie picked up his mail. As Jackie reenters:
speaker_heading: MRS. ROBINSON
dialog: I put them here...
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: I read them...
text: She turns to him, hoping that he will have some good news.
text: He smiles at her, then moves over and picks up the letter he
text: saved and hands it to her.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - FAVORING MRS. ROBINSON
text: As she reads the letter.
speaker_heading: MRS. ROBINSON
dialog: (thoughtfully)
dialog: What's this National Youth
dialog: Association...?
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: It's something the Government set up
dialog: to help underprivileged children ---
dialog: they get all sorts of training ---
speaker_heading: MRS. ROBINSON
dialog: (hopefully)
dialog: ...And they want you to be an athletic
dialog: instructor?
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: Looks that way... Anyway, I'm taking
dialog: it before they change their minds...
text: Mrs. Robinson looks at the letter again, then back at Jackie.
speaker_heading: MRS. ROBINSON
dialog: ...Pennsylvania...
dialog: (with a smile)
dialog: You'll be near Rae, anyway...
text: She moves to the sofa and sits down as she talks.
speaker_heading: MRS. ROBINSON
dialog: Maybe you can be there when she
dialog: graduates -- or whatever it is --
dialog: from the hospital...
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: (joshing her)
dialog: So even if we don't have a doctor in
dialog: the family, we'll have a registered
dialog: nurse, anyway...
dialog: (reflectively)
dialog: ...I hope...
speaker_heading: MRS. ROBINSON
dialog: Why not write her and let her know...?
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: Good idea. Soon's I put my stuff
dialog: up...
text: He turns, picks up his suitcases and starts through the hall
dialog: door with them and we
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - DAY FULL SHOT
text: This is a room in the nurses' quarters of a large hospital.
text: Everything white, clean, uncrowded. Rae, in graduate nurse's
text: uniform, is seated at a desk reading a letter. On the desk
text: is a picture of Jackie -- in civilian clothes. There is a
text: box of stationery, ink, pen, etc., on the table in addition
dialog: to several books.
scene_heading: CLOSE - RAE READING LETTER
text: She shakes her head, smiling a bit, but with a bit of sadness.
scene_heading: INSERT PORTION OF LETTER
dialog: "...I'm enjoying my work with the kids and the Association
dialog: has been fine to me. I'll be leaving it soon, though, as the
dialog: Army has called. But at least, I can stop worrying about the
dialog: future for awhile..."
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: Rae folds the letter and smiles in sad contemplation as we
text: hear her thinking voice paraphrase Jackie's last sentence:
speaker_heading: RAE'S VOICE
dialog: He can stop worrying now that he's
dialog: in the Army...
text: We know that she will really start worrying. She glances at
text: the framed photograph of him. As we look at it, Jackie's
text: clothes change into the uniform of an Army Private.
scene_heading: ARMY POST - (STOCK) MONTAGE
dialog: If obtainable we will show quick scenes of Jackie's army
text: life as he supervises various athletic activities.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - DAY RAE'S DESK
text: There is a picture of Jackie in the uniform of an Army
text: private. The uniform fades and is replaced by the uniform of
dialog: a first lieutenant.
text: CAMERA PULLS BACK from photograph and we see that Rae is
dialog: writing a letter.
scene_heading: INSERT LETTER - RAE'S HAND WRITING
dialog: "...so I will be finished with my course in two weeks and
dialog: then go back home. When you get your Army discharge I'll be
dialog: waiting for you in California..."
scene_heading: ESTABLISHING SHOT - ARMY POST - DAY - (STOCK)
text: This is supposed to be Ft. Breckenridge, Kentucky, although
dialog: it can be any large Army installation as long as it remains
dialog: unidentifiable.
scene_heading: STOCK SHOT - SOLDIERS
dialog: Marching, training, etc.
scene_heading: STOCK SHOT - MORE SOLDIERS
text: Entering and leaving barracks, etc.
scene_heading: INT. BARRACKS' ROOM - DAY CLOSE SHOT - JACKIE
text: He is packing a suitcase and an Army bag.
text: CAMERA PULLS BACK to reveal another Negro officer with Jackie.
text: This man sits on a bunk -- both are dressed in their uniforms.
text: Jackie moves to a chest and takes some clothes and stuffs
text: them into the Army bag. Then he takes a photo of Rae off the
text: wall and packs that in the suitcase. The last thing he removes
text: from the chest is a fielder's baseball glove.
speaker_heading: ROOMMATE
dialog: What you going to do with that?
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: (studying glove)
dialog: I don't know. Don't know if I'll
dialog: ever do anything with it again...
text: INSERT JACKIE'S HANDS stuffing glove into his bag.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP - SAME BAG
text: As Jackie's reaches into it and comes out with the glove.
text: There is a burst of laughter as CAMERA PULLS BACK to show
text: that Jackie is home and unpacking his bag in front of Rae,
text: Mrs. Robinson and Mack, all three of whom are laughing.
speaker_heading: RAE
dialog: Just like you. First thing one sees
dialog: when you unpack is a baseball glove...
dialog: or a pair of spiked shoes...
text: Jackie draws himself up a little stiffish and addresses Rae
text: in formal tones.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: And when have you ever seen me unpack
dialog: before, Miss Isum?
speaker_heading: RAE
dialog: (embarrassed in front
dialog: of Mrs. Robinson and
dialog: Mack)
dialog: I didn't mean that I had ever seen
dialog: you... why, Jackie! What do you...
dialog: (whirling about)
dialog: Well, if that's to be your attitude!
text: She flounces from room and Jackie motions to his mother and
text: Mack as he prepares to follow.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: Excuse me. I have to effect a...
dialog: a... a rapprochement, I think they
dialog: call it.
text: He hurries after Rae while Mrs. Robinson looks after him and
text: then turns to Mack to ask with suspicion edging her voice:
speaker_heading: MRS. ROBINSON
dialog: What's he mean by that... that
dialog: rapproche -- that stuff?
speaker_heading: MACK
dialog: (shaking head)
dialog: Search me. We didn't bother with
dialog: that kind of stuff when I went to
dialog: college.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: EXT. WAREHOUSE MED. SHOT
text: Same scene as Scene 43. Jake is standing on back of truck
text: maneuvering a settee onto its legs when Jackie walks into
text: the scene and smiles up at him.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: H'ya, Jake.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: You been out of the Army a long time
dialog: now, Jackie. Ain't got yourself a
dialog: good coaching job yet?
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: Not quite.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: (grunting)
dialog: Still writing letters, eh?
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: Yes. But if I don't get an answer
dialog: soon I'll be back here looking for
dialog: my old job.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: I hope that don't happen, son. But
dialog: if it does... I can sure use you.
dialog: (changing tone)
dialog: Why don't you go to them coaching
dialog: places in person instead of writing
dialog: them letters?
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: You mean why don't I spend fifty
dialog: dollars train fare instead of a three
dialog: cent stamp?
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Yeah... I ain't got all the brains
dialog: in the world.
dialog: (laughing louder)
dialog: I wouldn't even want to prove I got
dialog: my share!
text: The two are laughing, with Jake sounding off in wild whoops,
text: when Mack's voice is heard, o.s.
speaker_heading: MACK'S VOICE
dialog: (calling)
dialog: Jackie!
text: They stop laughing and turn around as Mack runs into scene
text: carrying a letter which he hands to Jackie.
speaker_heading: MACK
dialog: (excited)
dialog: It just came.
text: Jackie tears letter open.
speaker_heading: JACKIE CLOSEUP
text: He is reading letter.
scene_heading: MACK AND JAKE MEDIUM
speaker_heading: MACK
dialog: (to Jake)
dialog: It's from the Kansas City Monarchs.
dialog: It can only be one thing... an offer.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Who are they?
speaker_heading: MACK
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: Never heard of the Kansas City
dialog: Monarchs? It's a professional baseball
dialog: team.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: But I thought professional teams
dialog: don't want us.
speaker_heading: MACK
text: It's an all-colored team.
speaker_heading: GROUP
text: Jackie looks up and Mack can't wait.
speaker_heading: MACK
dialog: Well?
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: (a little dazed)
dialog: A hundred dollars a week... to play
text: shortstop.
text: Jake jumps from truck and is so intrigued he takes letter
text: from Jackie to puzzle over it himself.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: (puzzled)
dialog: And I didn't even write them. How
dialog: did they know?
speaker_heading: MACK
dialog: Oh, they knew about you from UCLA
dialog: and some of the pro games you played
dialog: at Brookside. They must have scouted
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: (handing letter back
dialog: to Jackie)
dialog: Here. That's what it says... a hundred
dialog: a week.
dialog: (studying furniture
dialog: on truck)
dialog: Just pushing a little old baseball
dialog: around. Maybe there's something to
dialog: that college stuff after all.
scene_heading: LOS ANGELES COUNTY GENERAL HOSPITAL - (STOCK) PANORAMIC NAME
scene_heading: PLATE HOSPITAL CLOSEUP
scene_heading: INT. DRUG STORE CLOSE
text: Just a table in a corner at which sit Jackie and Rae, the
text: latter in white uniform of a nurse, and with Coca Cola bottles
text: and glasses before them. An air of sadness seems to have
text: overcome both of them.
speaker_heading: RAE
dialog: (thoughtfully)
dialog: Well... you've got to take it. I
dialog: don't see what else you can do.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: (in same mood)
dialog: Yeah... and if I can stay with the
dialog: Monarchs a couple of years I should
dialog: be able to save up a little money.
dialog: (looking at her)
dialog: Maybe even enough...
dialog: (hopefully)
dialog: Maybe when I know I'm set there,
dialog: then...?
text: She nods, but not with any particular enthusiasm. Jackie
text: notes this and nods slowly in agreement with her reaction.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: I don't blame you. Gee... a couple
dialog: more years. Why don't we set a wedding
dialog: date for about 1960 and have it over
dialog: with?
text: Rae doesn't think it is funny, even if it wasn't meant to
text: be. She stands up and looks at her wristwatch.
speaker_heading: RAE
dialog: I don't know about 1960, but in five
dialog: minutes I'm due back in the ward.
text: Jackie gets up and puts some coins on the table.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: And tomorrow I'm due in Kansas City.
text: They stand looking at each other, both with blank faces,
dialog: unable to fathom either how to solve their problem or what
dialog: lies ahead of this new development as we
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: ESTABLISHING SHOTS - KANSAS CITY - DAY - (STOCK)
text: Over scenes are SUPERIMPOSED the words: KANSAS CITY.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: EXT. BALLPARK - DAY CLOSE SHOT - SIGN
dialog: "MONARCHS vs. CLEVELAND"
text: o.s., we HEAR crowd noises.
scene_heading: EXT. BALLPARK - DAY FROM HIGH ANGLE
text: The playing field. A game is in progress.
scene_heading: WIDE ANGLE SHOT - THE STANDS
text: A fair-sized audience, practically all colored.
scene_heading: EXT. DUGOUT TWO SHOT
text: Jackie, in uniform, is sitting in a corner of dugout alongside
text: an older man, apparently the manager.
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: This being your first game I was
dialog: going to hold you out a couple of
dialog: innings but maybe you want to take a
dialog: lick at bat now?
dialog: (nodding to batter)
dialog: Follow Joe.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: (rising)
dialog: Okay.
text: As Jackie starts away --
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: And look! Uh... we give them a show
dialog: out there, Jackie. If you make an
dialog: out, act mad. If you think you get a
dialog: bad call on a ball, talk it up. They
dialog: like that here.
text: Jackie considers this, nods, and then walks away quietly.
text: The manager shakes his head as if doubtful that Jackie can
dialog: come through on this order.
speaker_heading: SIDELINES MEDIUM
text: Jackie, bat in hand, moves "on deck" and squats, waiting his
dialog: turn.
speaker_heading: BATTER
text: A Monarch player waggling bat viciously as if daring pitcher
text: to throw one in the groove.
scene_heading: UMPIRE BEHIND BAT
text: Holding a "two-three" count up with his fingers.
speaker_heading: PITCHER
text: Gazing contemptuously towards batter, winding up and throwing.
speaker_heading: BATTER
text: Striking out with a tremendous swing, he yells in fury and
text: starts pounding the ground with his bat in anger.
speaker_heading: SIDELINES MEDIUM
text: As Jackie moves to plate he passes the retired batter. The
text: latter is still gesticulating angrily, but as he passes Jackie
text: he winks at him and we know it is all an act for the fans.
speaker_heading: GRANDSTAND - (STOCK)
text: As loudspeaker announcement is heard:
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: Now batting for Kansas City Monarchs
dialog: in place of Rumley -- Jackie Robinson!
speaker_heading: PLATE CLOSE
text: Jackie takes his stance. The catcher squats and begins talking
dialog: it up.
speaker_heading: CATCHER
dialog: (calling to pitcher)
dialog: This is a new boy, Bill. Take it
dialog: real easy with him. Don't discourage
dialog: the new boy. Nice and easy! Nice and
dialog: easy!
text: As the catcher is talking Jackie turns and nods to him as if
text: grateful for the expected gentle treatment.
speaker_heading: PITCHER CLOSE
text: He acts interested in what catcher is telling him, then nods
text: as if in gentlemanly agreement with the policy of treating a
text: new man with consideration. He begins his windup slowly but
text: when he finally whips the ball it is with everything he's
dialog: got.
speaker_heading: PLATE CLOSE
text: The ball streaks past Jackie's head so closely that he has
text: to fall to ground to avoid getting beaned. As he gets up,
text: acting fully bewildered, the catcher runs to him and helps
text: him dust his clothes, simulating deep concern. Jackie gazes
text: at catcher, and then at pitcher, with great suspicion.
scene_heading: GRANDSTAND SMALL SECTION
text: The spectators are enjoying this byplay hugely.
speaker_heading: PLATE CLOSE
text: Jackie waiting and showing determination to hit. He swings
text: and hits... but doesn't run.
scene_heading: GRANDSTAND ROOF LONG
text: The ball going high over the stands and onto the roof.
speaker_heading: PITCHER
text: A new ball is thrown to him. He begins his windup and throws.
speaker_heading: PLATE CLOSE
text: Jackie swings and misses, so hard that he is carried several
text: feet from plate and ends up facing stands. He acts angry,
text: pulls his bat back of him with one hand and looks as if he
text: is going to sling it into the seats.
text: For a moment he stands thus, wrestling with himself almost,
text: as if trying to control his temper. There is a roar of
text: excitement from the spectators, and then Jackie lets the bat
text: down. Lowering his head in deep dejection he starts walking
text: back to the dugout. The crowd's yelling now turns to laughter.
speaker_heading: DUGOUT MEDIUM
text: As Jackie steps in to resume his seat next to manager.
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: (enthusiastic)
dialog: That was great, Jackie! Fine stuff!
dialog: They loved it.
dialog: As Jackie nods --
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: But, of course, you know...
text: As Jackie looks up --
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: You're also supposed to get a hit
dialog: once in a while
speaker_heading: JACKIE CLOSEUP
text: He casts an amused look at manager from under his eyebrows.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: Make up your mind.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
speaker_heading: INFIELD LONG
text: The Monarch batter hits a pop fly and the side is retired.
text: The Monarch team, including Jackie who goes to shortstop,
text: takes the field. The infielders snap up ground balls thrown
text: by first base and we get our first glimpse of Jackie in action
dialog: as a fielder.
speaker_heading: JACKIE MONTAGE
text: Various shots of Jackie in action as a shortstop; picking up
text: a ground ball and shooting it to first, covering second and
text: throwing to first for a double play, backing up the third
text: baseman on a hot grounder and recovering when the latter
dialog: boots one.
speaker_heading: SCOREBOARD CLOSE
text: A series of ciphers show three innings have been played. In
text: the fourth inning slot the figure "1" appears for each team,
text: and then further ciphers appear up to the beginning of the
text: ninth inning.
speaker_heading: INFIELD LONG
text: The Monarchs come running in, including Jackie who goes to
text: the bat rack.
speaker_heading: JACKIE CLOSE
text: He selects a bat and heads for the plate.
scene_heading: SAME - CLOSER JACKIE AT PLATE
text: Jackie first takes a strike, then cuts at the next pitch and
text: lines a double into the field. The crowd yells.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - THE FIELD
text: As Jackie runs, then slides into second just in time to beat
text: the pitch from the outfield. He gets up and dusts himself
text: off as the second baseman, ball in hand, grins at him.
speaker_heading: SECOND BASEMAN
dialog: About time you started hitting, boy.
text: Jackie grins and the second baseman returns the ball to the
text: pitcher. As he throws, Jackie suddenly lights out for third
text: and catches the pitcher flatfooted, not expecting such a
text: daring play. The crowd roars as Jackie slides safely into
dialog: third.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - PITCHER
text: Looking disgusted with himself.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - JACKIE ON THIRD
text: Grinning to himself. He obviously loves the sport and enjoys
text: a spectacular play. He takes a long lead, teasing the pitcher.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - THE FIELD
text: The next batter flies to the infield and Jackie gets back to
text: base in time. The shortstop holds the ball for a moment,
text: then satisfied that Jackie is holding the bag, tosses to the
text: pitcher. The moment the ball leaves his hand, Jackie has
text: started for home. By the time the pitcher catches the ball
text: and relays it to the catcher, Jackie is sliding in safe at
text: home plate. The crowd roars approval of his daring base-
dialog: running.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - AT DUGOUT
text: As Jackie returns. Several players grin and ad lib their
text: approval of the way he has handled himself. As the game
text: continues, one of the players, Slim, moves close to Jackie
text: and starts a conversation.
speaker_heading: SLIM
dialog: Good going. You ought to sleep well
dialog: tonight.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: I generally sleep pretty good.
speaker_heading: SLIM
dialog: On a bus?
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: (thoughtfully)
dialog: That's right. I forgot we travel by
dialog: bus.
speaker_heading: SLIM
dialog: Make four hundred mile jumps between
dialog: games. Only chance we ever get to
dialog: hit a bed is in a two or three game
dialog: series.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: Not so good.
speaker_heading: SLIM
dialog: It ain't de luxe, brother!
speaker_heading: MONTAGE
dialog: This is designed to show the nomadic life of these
dialog: ballplayers.
text: A. Players piling into their own bus at night.
text: B. Players inside bus, half asleep as they travel.
text: C. Shots of game, including Jackie getting a hit.
text: D. Bus traveling again.
text: E. Players dressing on bus, getting into their uniforms.
text: F. Players emerging from bus at ballpark, going right onto
text: field as if they've delayed game by late arrival.
text: G. Inside bus again; night, players asleep, some still in
dialog: uniform.
text: H. Game in progress. Jackie in good fielding play.
text: I. Shot of fans showing their appreciation of game.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - NIGHT MED. SHOT
text: The Monarch bus drives down highway, toward camera, which
text: PULLS BACK and PANS as it disappears down highway, L. to R.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY LONG SHOT - MONARCH BUS
text: As it drives past. Through the windows we get a glimpse of
dialog: the players.
scene_heading: INT. BUS FULL
text: In the dim illumination we can see the players, a few asleep,
text: most sprawled out and listening to a major league night game
dialog: broadcast.
speaker_heading: BUS SECTION CLOSE
text: Slim has a portable radio on his lap. Jackie is in seat behind
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: RADIO ANNOUNCER
dialog: It's two and two on Greenberg as
text: Feller winds up... and it's ball
dialog: three...
scene_heading: HIGH-PITCHED WAIL FROM REAR OF BUS
dialog: Shut off that radio! I want to sleep.
speaker_heading: SLIM
dialog: Quiet, Leander! That's Hank Greenberg
dialog: at bat.
dialog: (to Jackie)
dialog: That Leander! He sleeps all day out
text: in right field.
speaker_heading: LEANDER
dialog: I don't care if it's Duke Ellington!
dialog: I want to sleep.
speaker_heading: SLIM
dialog: (to radio)
dialog: Come on, Hank. Wait it out... 'less
dialog: it's good.
speaker_heading: RADIO ANNOUNCER
dialog: There's the windup again... and
text: Greenberg SWINGS at a high one and
dialog: he's out!
text: There is a general murmur of disgust from all in the bus.
speaker_heading: SLIM
dialog: (provoked)
dialog: What he bite on that for?
dialog: (snapping off radio)
dialog: Ah-h... that's the game!
text: There is a lull as everyone settles back with closed eyes.
text: Then the plaintive voice of Leander is heard again.
speaker_heading: LEANDER
dialog: Hey-y-y!
speaker_heading: SLIM
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: What you want now, Leander? I turned
dialog: the radio off. Go to sleep.
speaker_heading: LEANDER
dialog: I ain't sleepy no more. I'm hungry.
scene_heading: ANOTHER BUS SECTION CLOSE
text: Several players open up their eyes and consider this. They
text: look at each other and seem to indicate Leander has something.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
text: The bus driver looks back and then at the manager who occupies
text: a front seat.
speaker_heading: SLIM CLOSE
speaker_heading: SLIM
dialog: Hungry? Why you...
dialog: (on second thought)
dialog: Hungry...
dialog: (looking back at Jackie)
dialog: How about you?
text: Jackie compresses his lips and nods as if it isn't a bad
text: idea at all. Almost immediately other players pick up
text: Leander's word and we hear them.
speaker_heading: PLAYERS
dialog: (ad lib)
dialog: Yeah... hungry. I can eat. About
dialog: time... gotta get out of here anyway.
dialog: I'm for it!
speaker_heading: DRIVER CLOSE
text: He checks manager who nods in agreement. Driver nods back
text: and peers ahead.
scene_heading: EXT. ROADSIDE CAFE - OVER DRIVER'S SHOULDER AND THROUGH BUS
speaker_heading: WINDSHIELD
text: We see a forlorn-looking combination filling station and
text: lunch room, with several cars parked around.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: (over shoulder)
dialog: Don't look too bad...
scene_heading: INT. BUS FULL SHOT
text: As the players, full of good humor, move around in their
text: seats, trying to see the lunch room.
scene_heading: EXT. ROADSIDE CAFE MED. SHOT
text: As the bus pulls in and to a stop.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - IN BUS
text: The players, Jackie included, peering through the bus windows,
text: studying the almost deserted roadside cafe.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: (at them all)
dialog: Whose turn? Let's not waste time...
text: The players look at each other and finally Slim gets to his
text: feet. He combs his hair and brushes at his clothes, trying
text: to look as presentable as possible. The others watch him as
text: he leaves the bus.
scene_heading: EXT. CAFE AND BUS FULL SHOT
text: Slim starts toward the cafe. He hesitates at the door for a
text: moment, then enters.
scene_heading: INT. ROADSIDE CAFE FULL SHOT
text: A plain eating spot with one long counter, usual coffee urns,
text: and wall aperture through which the chef can be seen in the
text: kitchen. Three male patrons are seated together halfway down
text: from the door, and the counterman, about thirty, is leaning
text: against the wall talking to them as Slim enters. The four
dialog: look towards Slim without any welcome and wait till he
dialog: approaches.
speaker_heading: SLIM
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: Sixteen of us... in the bus outside.
dialog: How's chances of getting a late
dialog: dinner?
scene_heading: COUNTERMAN - PATRONS MED. CLOSE
text: The patrons look to the counterman to see what his reply
text: will be. He notes their stare and then folds his arms.
speaker_heading: COUNTERMAN
dialog: I'm all alone here. Afraid I couldn't
dialog: handle you.
text: The three patrons now swing their stare on Slim.
speaker_heading: SLIM CLOSE
text: He seems not surprised and is ready with his next question.
speaker_heading: SLIM
dialog: How about sandwiches? Could you have
dialog: the chef make some up for us?
speaker_heading: COUNTERMAN CLOSE
text: He seems to be considering this but before he can answer an
text: offstage voice is heard:
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: How many of you?
scene_heading: KITCHEN WINDOW CLOSE
text: The chef, a rugged, elderly fellow is looking through the
dialog: window.
speaker_heading: SLIM MEDIUM
speaker_heading: SLIM
dialog: Sixteen.
speaker_heading: CHEF CLOSE
speaker_heading: CHEF
dialog: Make you about sixteen beefs, sixteen
dialog: ham and eggs. That be all right?
speaker_heading: CHEF - SLIM MEDIUM
text: Slim walks to chef as he replies.
speaker_heading: SLIM
text: Swell. Some fried potatoes on the
dialog: side, chef?
speaker_heading: CHEF
dialog: (disappearing)
dialog: Yup.
dialog: (o.s.)
dialog: Take about twenty minutes.
text: The counterman walks into scene and stoops under counter to
text: get a roll of paper containers.
speaker_heading: COUNTERMAN
dialog: (a bit sulky)
dialog: Coffee for everybody?
speaker_heading: SLIM
dialog: Yeah... but don't pour it until the
dialog: sandwiches are ready, please... so
dialog: the coffee will be hot.
speaker_heading: COUNTERMAN
dialog: Just getting it ready, Bud. Just
dialog: getting it ready.
speaker_heading: SLIM
dialog: Thanks.
text: He indicates outside with his thumb.
speaker_heading: SLIM
dialog: You suppose we could wash up a bit?
text: The counterman sneaks a quick look towards window but the
text: chef is apparently too busy to hear this. He turns back to
dialog: Slim.
speaker_heading: COUNTERMAN
dialog: Sorry. It's out of order.
speaker_heading: SLIM MEDIUM
text: His face is expressionless.
speaker_heading: SLIM
dialog: Oh... Thanks. Then we'll go up the
dialog: road and be back in fifteen minutes.
scene_heading: SLIM - COUNTERMAN MEDIUM
speaker_heading: COUNTERMAN
dialog: Have to leave a deposit on the
dialog: sandwiches in that case.
speaker_heading: SLIM
dialog: (reaching into pocket)
dialog: Sure.
scene_heading: EXT. BUS - LUNCH ROOM LONG
text: Slim leaves lunch room and walks slowly to bus.
scene_heading: INT. BUS MEDIUM
text: Shooting towards front entrance as Slim climbs aboard.
speaker_heading: SLIM
dialog: They're feeding us. That's all. I
dialog: told them we're goin' up the line a
dialog: bit.
text: Without another word the driver starts the motor up.
scene_heading: EXT. BUS - ROAD FULL
text: The bus starts up the highway.
scene_heading: EXT. BUS - HIGHWAY LONG
text: We see the bus coming to a stop alongside a wooded section.
text: The door opens and the players straggle out. One by one they
text: disappear from sight as they walk into the woods and bushes --
dialog: as we
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - NIGHT MEDIUM
text: The bus speeding along.
scene_heading: INT. BUS - NIGHT FULL
text: Now everyone but the driver is asleep, stretched out in the
text: various and often grotesque postures typical of bus slumber.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR MEDIUM
text: Any sort of corridor in which Rae, in hospital uniform, meets
text: another colored nurse. Rae carries medical tray.
speaker_heading: OTHER NURSE
dialog: 'Morning, Rae. I read about your
dialog: Jackie last night. He's been going
dialog: great for months. He write you?
speaker_heading: RAE
dialog: Yes. He's doing well. Except he
dialog: doesn't like the traveling.
speaker_heading: OTHER NURSE
dialog: Well, tell him to give it up and
dialog: come back here and get a job.
speaker_heading: RAE
dialog: (with slight smile)
dialog: I sure feel like it.
speaker_heading: OTHER NURSE
dialog: That's the time to write.
speaker_heading: RAE
dialog: (shaking head)
dialog: I'll wait. Waited this long.
text: They smile and pass on.
scene_heading: ESTABLISHING SHOT - CHICAGO SKYLINE - DAY - (STOCK)
scene_heading: EXT. COMISKY BALL PARK - DAY - (STOCK) LONG SHOT
scene_heading: EXT. BALL PARK ENTRANCE - DAY MED. SHOT
text: TOWARD BOX OFFICE. A sign visible:
dialog: "MONARCHS vs. CHICAGO"
scene_heading: DISSOLVE THROUGH:
scene_heading: INT. BALL PARK - DAY FULL SHOT
text: A fair-sized crowd, players warming up on the field, but the
dialog: game hasn't started.
scene_heading: EXT. DUGOUT - PLAYERS MED. SHOT
text: Several players stand near the dugout, throwing balls back
text: and forth. Taking it easy as they warm up. Since most of
dialog: them are watching those players on the field, we realize
dialog: that the Chicago players are those practicing; the Monarchs
text: are waiting for their turn.
scene_heading: EXT. DUGOUT DIFFERENT ANGLE
text: Jackie and Slim enter the dugout from clubroom runway and
text: notice Bill Piedmont, a pitcher, sitting alone, somewhat
text: disconsolately. Jackie and Slim settle down on each side of
dialog: Bill.
speaker_heading: SLIM
dialog: What's the matter with you? Didn't
dialog: you pitch and win yesterday?
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: That's right. You were hot.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Yeah... but there's no future to it.
speaker_heading: SLIM
dialog: What'ya mean?
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: (to Jackie)
dialog: How much does a twenty game win
dialog: pitcher get paid in the major league?
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: I don't know. Thirty thousand up,
dialog: maybe.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: That's right. And I've won thirty so
dialog: far... and I'll get more.
speaker_heading: SLIM
dialog: And you ain't getting any thirty
dialog: thousand.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: (staring at Slim)
dialog: Funny boy.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: Think you could do as well in the
dialog: majors?
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: No. Not any thirty or more. But I'd
dialog: sure come close to twenty...
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: I think so.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: (getting up)
dialog: And maybe be able to save a few
dialog: dollars for when my arm goes...
text: He walks off. Slim watches him and turns to Jackie.
speaker_heading: SLIM CLOSE
speaker_heading: SLIM
dialog: He's right. We're all in the same
dialog: boat. Get enough to get by -- but
dialog: nothing to put by.
scene_heading: SLIM - JACKIE TWO SHOT
text: Slim gets up.
speaker_heading: SLIM
dialog: Well...
text: He doesn't finish but walks out on field leaving Jackie alone.
text: Jackie sits thinking and we can hear Slim's words echoing in
dialog: his mind...
speaker_heading: SLIM
dialog: (echo box)
dialog: ...enough to get by -- but nothing
dialog: to put by...
text: Someone calls Jackie and he snaps out of his reverie and
text: runs onto field.
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD FULL
text: Centering on Jackie at shortstop as play begins. We HEAR the
text: crack of a bat and Jackie shoots over to his left to make a
text: pickup and throw out to first. It is a neat, fast play.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
speaker_heading: PLATE CLOSE
text: Jackie stepping up to bat.
scene_heading: RADIO ANNOUNCER CLOSE
text: We see him talking into his mike.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: Jackie Robinson up again. He got a
dialog: hit once and walked once. Let's see
dialog: what he does now.
speaker_heading: PLATE CLOSE
text: The ball flashes by Jackie, low. He makes no move.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER CLOSE
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: Ball one. Too low.
speaker_heading: PLATE
text: Jackie waggling his bat, drawing it back... but failing to
text: swing as the ball comes by low again.
speaker_heading: UMPIRE'S VOICE
dialog: Ball two!
speaker_heading: PITCHER CLOSE
text: He is plainly nettled as he receives ball, gets catcher's
text: sign, and winds up.
speaker_heading: PLATE MEDIUM
text: From behind catcher. We see Jackie poised to hit, the ball
text: coming... and Jackie merely lifts his elbows to let ball
dialog: come through.
speaker_heading: UMPIRE
dialog: Ball!
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER CLOSE
text: He is laughing.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: Jackie is not biting. They've got
dialog: the wrong man. It's ball three now
text: and the pitcher's on the spot.
speaker_heading: PITCHER CLOSE
text: He wipes sweat from brow. Winds up and --
speaker_heading: PLATE MEDIUM
text: The ball comes by and without waiting for the umpire's call
text: Jackie tosses his bat aside and makes for first.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
text: Laughing again.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
text: Ball four and Jackie walks again.
dialog: He's got eyes, that boy.
speaker_heading: INFIELD FULL
text: With the first baseman in the act of tossing the ball back
text: to the pitcher -- the ball still in mid-air -- Jackie is off
text: on a dash to second. The pitcher is rattled, fumbles
text: momentarily, and then gets off a high throw. Jackie is safe
text: on a long, hooked slide.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: EXT. DUGOUT MEDIUM
text: Monarch players are tumbling into the dugout from the field,
text: ad libbing about winning a tough game.
scene_heading: EXT. SIDELINES FULL
text: We see Jackie loping along towards dugout. Suddenly his name
text: is called and he looks towards the boxes.
speaker_heading: SUKEFORTH
dialog: Oh, Robinson! Can I see you a minute?
text: Jackie pauses, then veers toward the box seats.
speaker_heading: BOX SEAT MEDIUM
text: Sukeforth is standing as Jackie enters the scene. Sukeforth
text: extends his hand and Jackie takes it... wondering and perhaps
text: a little suspicious that he may be dealing with a crank.
speaker_heading: SUKEFORTH
dialog: My name is Clyde Sukeforth. I'm with
dialog: Branch Rickey... of the Brooklyn
dialog: Dodgers...
text: Jackie neither changes expression nor acknowledges this in
text: any way. Sukeforth climbs out of box onto field and takes
text: Jackie's arm.
speaker_heading: SUKEFORTH
dialog: I'll walk up to the dressing room
dialog: with you. Talk to you there.
text: They start off, Jackie still wondering.
scene_heading: INT. DRESSING ROOM DOOR MEDIUM
text: Stopping outside the dressing room door, Sukeforth begins
text: talking again. Several Monarch players, including Slim, walk
text: by and look at them curiously.
speaker_heading: SUKEFORTH
dialog: Branch Rickey wants to see you.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: What for?
speaker_heading: SUKEFORTH
dialog: Frankly, I don't know. Can you leave
dialog: for Brooklyn tonight with me?
text: Jackie is taken aback by this, then, after studying Sukeforth,
text: he suddenly nods his head.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: SUKEFORTH
dialog: (pleased)
dialog: Great! I'm at the Palmer House. I'll
dialog: arrange for our railroad tickets and
dialog: suppose you phone me at the Palmer
dialog: at seven?
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: I'll do that, Mr. Sukeforth.
text: They shake hands and Sukeforth leaves. Jackie stands looking
text: after him a moment, his head shaking in wonder. Then he enters
dialog: dressing room.
scene_heading: INT. DRESSING ROOM MEDIUM
text: Jackie reaches his locker and starts pulling his shirt off.
text: Slim enters scene accompanied by Bill, the pitcher.
speaker_heading: SLIM
dialog: Who was that white man, Jackie? A
dialog: friend of yours?
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: Nope. Said he was a scout for the
dialog: Brooklyn Dodgers. Said Branch Rickey
dialog: wants to see me.
speaker_heading: SLIM
dialog: (nudging Bill)
dialog: S'matter? You owe Rickey some money
dialog: or something?
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Yeah... what does Mr. Rickey want to
dialog: see you about?
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: He didn't say. Just wants to see me.
dialog: Maybe to see if I've got two heads
dialog: or something.
speaker_heading: SLIM
dialog: What'd you say?
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: He's getting the train tickets and
dialog: I'm to phone him at seven at his
dialog: hotel.
speaker_heading: SLIM
dialog: Better hurry up and pack. We'll miss
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: You don't think I'm crazy, do you?
text: Slim and Bill join in the laughter and Bill lets his hand
text: fall on Jackie's shoulders.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: You'll find a lot of these cranks
dialog: showing up. I don't know what makes
dialog: 'em do it. Last year I was signed to
dialog: pitch for the Giants, Senators and
dialog: Cincinnati.
speaker_heading: SLIM
dialog: But none of us have ever been signed
dialog: for Brooklyn yet. That's a new one.
dialog: You ought to take Bill and me out
dialog: and show us a good time on the
dialog: strength of that.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: On the strength of that I'm going to
dialog: have dinner and go home to bed. It's
dialog: been four days since we had a bed to
dialog: sleep in and I'm going to get a
dialog: nightful of it.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: You got something there...
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL BEDROOM - NIGHT MED. SHOT - JACKIE
text: He is in bed, sound asleep, when a knock is heard at the
text: door. Jackie rolls over a bit, paying no attention.
speaker_heading: CLOSER - JACKIE
text: As he lifts his head sleepily when the knocking continues,
dialog: louder this time.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: Who is it?
text: There is silence for a moment, then a dry, angry voice is
dialog: heard.
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE
dialog: Robinson? Clyde Sukeforth.
scene_heading: CLOSE UP - JACKIE
text: He appears stunned, is completely motionless for a moment,
text: then snaps on the bedside lamp. The room is illuminated for
dialog: the first time and we see that it is a cheap one, poorly
text: furnished. On the dresser is a framed picture of Rae.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: (fully awake)
dialog: Just a second!
text: He gets out of bed, in his pajamas, and hurries to open the
text: door. From his expression he still isn't sure what to expect.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - AT DOOR
text: As Jackie opens it and an annoyed-looking Sukeforth enters.
text: They stare at each other for a moment.
speaker_heading: SUKEFORTH
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: What are you trying to pull, Robinson?
text: He moves into the room, angrily continuing to berate Jackie.
speaker_heading: SUKEFORTH
dialog: Playing hard to get or something...?
dialog: Or just trying to make a fool out of
dialog: me? Acting like a smart guy... making
dialog: me miss my train...
dialog: (disgusted)
dialog: I should have taken it and not come
dialog: here...
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - FAVORING JACKIE
text: He is growing indignant at this treatment from a man he is
text: not sure of. He controls his temper, but nevertheless makes
dialog: himself plain.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: Just a minute, Mr. Sukeforth -- if
dialog: that's your name... I don't know you
dialog: and you don't know me...
text: Sukeforth looks at him sharply. Jackie hesitates, then
dialog: continues.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: ...If Mr. Rickey did send you to see
dialog: me, then I've made a big mistake --
dialog: and I'm sorry...
text: Sukeforth doesn't understand for a moment. Then, angrily, he
text: reaches into his pocket, brings out his wallet and gives
dialog: Jackie a card.
scene_heading: INSERT CARD IN JACKIE'S HAND
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: Jackie looks up from the card, puzzled.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: It's still hard to believe... A lot
dialog: of fellows come to the game and...
dialog: you know.
speaker_heading: SUKEFORTH
dialog: (getting Jackie's
dialog: reasoning)
dialog: Oh... You thought I was giving you
dialog: the business! I should have thought
dialog: of that...
text: Jackie relaxes a bit and waits for Sukeforth to continue.
speaker_heading: SUKEFORTH
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: When Mr. Rickey told me to come out
dialog: here and talk to you, I didn't think
dialog: I was hearing right myself... but
dialog: here I am...
text: He looks around the room, then back to Jackie.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: And you said you don't know why he
dialog: wants to see me.
speaker_heading: SUKEFORTH
dialog: (no longer angry)
dialog: I don't...
dialog: (thoughtfully)
dialog: Unless...
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: (urging him on)
dialog: After all, there's no chance for me
dialog: in major league baseball.
text: As Sukeforth nods in agreement --
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: So... what...
speaker_heading: SUKEFORTH
dialog: The only thing I can think of... and
dialog: I've got no right to suggest it...
dialog: just between us...
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: SUKEFORTH
dialog: There's talk about an all-Negro
dialog: football team being started by Mr.
dialog: Rickey... the Brown Dodgers...
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: Oh... so that's it. Football.
speaker_heading: SUKEFORTH
dialog: I don't know. But he wants to see
dialog: you and he's paying your fare...
dialog: both ways if you come back... What
dialog: do you say... yes or no?
text: Jackie looks around the room, plainly at a loss.
speaker_heading: SUKEFORTH
dialog: You'll just have to make up your
dialog: mind, quick. I can't tell you any
dialog: more. I don't know any more.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: I... Okay.
speaker_heading: SUKEFORTH
dialog: Fine. Let's pack. We leave in an
dialog: hour.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: ESTABLISHING SHOT - NEW YORK SKYLINE - DAY - (STOCK)
scene_heading: EBBETTS FIELD - BROOKLYN - DAY - (STOCK)
text: A game is on.
scene_heading: INT. BUILDING HALLWAY - DAY MED. SHOT
text: Jackie and Sukeforth round a corner and walk down the hall
text: toward camera. CAMERA PULLS BACK and PANS to a doorway on
dialog: which is printed:
scene_heading: BROOKLYN BASEBALL CLUB, INC.
dialog: Branch Rickey, President.
text: CAMERA HOLDS as Jackie and Sukeforth walk up to the door.
text: Sukeforth opens it without knocking and leads Jackie inside.
scene_heading: INT. RECEPTION ROOM - DAY FULL SHOT
text: An attractive secretary sits at a desk. Two doors lead into
text: adjoining offices. On the walls are signed, framed photographs
dialog: of some of the old and new Dodgers.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: Hello, Mr. Sukeforth... Mr. Rickey
dialog: is expecting you.
text: Sukeforth leads the way to a door marked "MR. RICKEY." He
text: opens it and motions Jackie to step in first.
scene_heading: INT. RICKEY'S OFFICE - DAY LONG
text: On Rickey, as he looks up towards camera from his desk in a
text: good-sized, well-furnished office, decorated with additional
text: pictures of baseball notables -- officials as well as players.
speaker_heading: RICKEY
dialog: (heartily)
dialog: Hello, Clyde! Got your man, eh?
text: He stands up, warm of face and manner, but we can tell from
text: the look in his eyes that he is making a quick and keen study
dialog: of Jackie.
speaker_heading: RICKEY
dialog: Come in, Jackie. I'm very glad to
dialog: see you.
scene_heading: DESK AREA SIDE SHOT
text: As Sukeforth and Jackie come up to desk.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: How do you do, Mr. Rickey.
speaker_heading: SUKEFORTH
dialog: Yes, this is Jackie Robinson... and
dialog: it looked for a while as if I wasn't
dialog: going to get him here.
speaker_heading: RICKEY
dialog: (to Jackie)
dialog: Sit down, won't you?
dialog: (to Sukeforth)
dialog: Oh, no?
dialog: (to Jackie)
dialog: How come? Don't like Brooklyn?
speaker_heading: JACKIE CLOSE
text: As he takes a chair.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: I've got nothing against Brooklyn.
dialog: But... uh... on the Monarchs we get
dialog: all kinds of men who show up and
dialog: talk big about signing us up for
dialog: this and that. It's a kind of a gag.
scene_heading: RICKEY - JACKIE TWO SHOT
speaker_heading: RICKEY
dialog: Oh, sure! Sure! Sure! But didn't
dialog: Clyde show you his credentials?
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: Yes... we got together finally.
speaker_heading: RICKEY
dialog: Well, that's the main thing... And
dialog: now...
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: Yes, sir?
speaker_heading: RICKEY
dialog: You're wondering, naturally, why I
dialog: sent for you.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: More than wondering, Mr. Rickey. I'm
dialog: most curious. Although... I sort of
dialog: figured it out for myself...
speaker_heading: RICKEY
dialog: (a bit surprised)
dialog: You did?
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: Well, I know you're starting an all-
text: colored football team.
speaker_heading: RICKEY
dialog: Oh! Yes! Yes! We are thinking about
dialog: that. But... that's not what I want
dialog: you for.
dialog: (quietly; after pause)
dialog: Jackie, I want you for baseball.
scene_heading: JACKIE - SUKEFORTH CLOSE TWO SHOT
text: Jackie is bewildered. He looks towards Sukeforth as if for
text: help in understanding but Sukeforth's expression is just as
text: puzzled. Then Jackie turns back and his face hardens a bit.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: You said that as if you were talking
dialog: about organized baseball, Mr. Rickey.
dialog: But I'm a Negro. There are none of
dialog: us in big league ball. I don't
dialog: understand...
scene_heading: DESK - THREE SHOT
speaker_heading: RICKEY
dialog: Why I should want to put a Negro
dialog: into baseball?
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: RICKEY
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: I'm going to tell you...
dialog: (to Sukeforth)
dialog: And you, Clyde.
dialog: (looking off)
dialog: Because I am going to have to tell
dialog: many people.
text: Jackie and Sukeforth consult each other with another glance
text: as Rickey falls silent a moment.
speaker_heading: RICKEY CLOSEUP
text: Leaning forward to Jackie.
speaker_heading: RICKEY
dialog: I have been looking for someone like
dialog: you -- an intelligent, educated,
dialog: good Negro ballplayer -- for some
dialog: time. I needed a man whose character
dialog: was well regarded and whose background
dialog: was unblemished. As far as we can
dialog: find out, you are such a man. You
dialog: might as well know now... we've done
dialog: a lot of checking up on you. I can
dialog: tell you your life story from Georgia
dialog: to where you are sitting now. It may
dialog: be that you will be the first Negro
dialog: in organized baseball.
speaker_heading: JACKIE CLOSEUP
text: He is flabbergasted and, at the same time, beginning to feel
text: an excitement which he cannot well hide. But he is also
text: puzzled, and his hand goes to his chest, indicating himself,
text: as he manages to get out one word...
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: But...
dialog: DESK AREA THREE SHOT
text: As Rickey stands up and shoots a finger out at Jackie as if
text: guessing what is on his mind.
speaker_heading: RICKEY
dialog: Why you? Let's get this straight so
dialog: we can all understand it. It's too
dialog: important for anyone to have a false
dialog: impression. People are going to shoot
dialog: at us... we must know where we stand.
dialog: I didn't call you here because I
dialog: want to do something for you, or for
dialog: your race, or for the Brooklyn Ball
dialog: Club. I want to do something for all
dialog: of us... All of us Americans.
text: Rickey turns and gazes out of the window.
scene_heading: EXT. EBBETTS FIELD - (STOCK) FROM RICKEY'S WINDOW
text: The park is crowded with fans. (The Brooklyn Ball Club offices
text: are not near Ebbetts Field; they are in downtown Brooklyn.
dialog: But the liberty we take is not offensive and should not be
dialog: objectionable to anyone.)
speaker_heading: RICKEY'S VOICE
dialog: ...For years I have seen and watched
text: Americans together in the grandstands
dialog: and bleachers of our country's ball
dialog: parks... Negroes, whites of all
dialog: nationalities...
scene_heading: BASEBALL CROWDS - ANY PARK - (STOCK) MONTAGE
text: Selected to illustrate Rickey's continued speech. (Great
dialog: care should be taken here as the proper scenes can lend
dialog: pointed and heartwarming emphasis to this important, key
text: scene. We see Negroes and Whites laughing together, growing
text: tense together, gulping with relief as some emergency is
dialog: met. We may have a group CLOSEUP which might include (this
dialog: may have to be staged) an American executive type, a Negro
text: and a Jew, suddenly all filled with heartbreak or dismay as
text: a hometown hero has apparently struck out, or some other bad
dialog: break has ensued. In no case need we show what they are
text: watching. The faces of the crowds can express the typical
dialog: emotional situations that come up in any game.)
speaker_heading: RICKEY'S VOICE
dialog: ...Italians, Irish, Swedes, Jews,
dialog: Germans, Chinese, Russians, Japanese,
dialog: Czechs... and I have marveled at
text: their fellowship, their cheers,
dialog: laughter, disappointments, enthusiasm,
dialog: all as one... and all made so by the
dialog: magic of a sport they all loved and
dialog: appreciated equally. And I couldn't
dialog: help ask myself a question... a long
dialog: time ago... and hundreds of times
dialog: since -- If Americans can find such
dialog: a common meeting ground in a game...
dialog: the game of baseball... If they can
dialog: play together like this... why can't
dialog: they live together like this... in
dialog: the game of life?
scene_heading: OFFICE MED.
text: Over heads of Jackie and Sukeforth towards Rickey still
text: looking out of window. He turns back and finishes quietly.
speaker_heading: RICKEY
dialog: And... I know they can... and maybe
dialog: baseball can show the way... because
dialog: baseball is wholly and peculiarly
dialog: American.
speaker_heading: JACKIE CLOSEUP
text: He is looking at Rickey with new eyes.
speaker_heading: RICKEY CLOSEUP
speaker_heading: RICKEY
dialog: That's why I called you here, Jackie.
dialog: Do you want to get in on it? Because
dialog: it starts with you!
scene_heading: JACKIE - SUKEFORTH TWO SHOT
text: Sukeforth looks to see what Jackie's answer will be, and
text: Jackie begins nodding slowly, and replies, not as if he is
text: talking to Rickey, but as if he is asking questions of
dialog: himself... because this is serious.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: If I'm strong enough. If I should be
dialog: the one on whom this all depends.
dialog: When Rickey remains silent --
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: I can try. For all I've got.
scene_heading: RICKEY - JACKIE TWO SHOT
speaker_heading: RICKEY
dialog: (simply)
dialog: That should be enough. But I want
dialog: you to know exactly what you are
dialog: getting into. I'll do my part. You
dialog: mustn't let me, or all of us, down.
dialog: Jackie, we can't start you with
dialog: Brooklyn. It wouldn't be fair to
dialog: both of us. We don't know if you're
dialog: major league or not.
speaker_heading: JACKIE CLOSEUP
text: He nods. He agrees.
speaker_heading: RICKEY
dialog: We'll let you try out for Montreal,
dialog: one of our farm teams, and later
dialog: hope you make Brooklyn. But aside
dialog: from that, if and when we announce
dialog: you for even Montreal... do you know
dialog: what's going to happen? The papers?
dialog: People? Other players? Other clubs?
dialog: The reaction in the south?
speaker_heading: JACKIE CLOSEUP
text: He nods.
speaker_heading: RICKEY CLOSEUP
speaker_heading: RICKEY
dialog: And if we get over that and you
dialog: actually start with Montreal -- Will
dialog: you stand what you're going to have
dialog: to go through? The razzing... the
dialog: cruel, unfair razzing that every
dialog: player gets, and the special razzing,
dialog: the special name-calling you're going
dialog: to get. Can you stand it?
speaker_heading: JACKIE CLOSEUP
text: He nods.
speaker_heading: RICKEY CLOSEUP
speaker_heading: RICKEY
dialog: Are you sure? Because...
dialog: (face grim)
dialog: You're not going to be able to fight
dialog: back... no matter what the offense.
dialog: (emphasis)
dialog: ...No matter what the offense! Do
dialog: you understand?
scene_heading: DESK THREE SHOT
text: Both Rickey and Sukeforth wait for Jackie's reply. Finally
dialog: it comes.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: Can you use a ballplayer who hasn't
dialog: the spirit... to fight back?
speaker_heading: RICKEY CLOSEUP
text: It's a poser. He rubs his face, his chin, and practically
text: his entire head. Eventually he finds an answer.
speaker_heading: RICKEY
dialog: That's what's going to make your job
dialog: so tough. No! I want a fighter every
dialog: time. I want a man in there for
dialog: everything he's got! But... you'll
dialog: have to take it... not fight back...
dialog: and yet, do it so that somehow it's
dialog: no discredit to you... so that somehow
dialog: the crowd will sense it's not
dialog: cowardice that is stopping you but
dialog: something deeper. If, and when, you
dialog: can put that over... your troubles
dialog: are over. No player will bother you,
dialog: no man will unfairly attack you by
dialog: name or epithet, when you have
dialog: established that with the baseball
dialog: public. Because the very core of
dialog: Americans is fair play... once they
dialog: have felt the true situation involved.
scene_heading: RICKEY - JACKIE TWO SHOT
text: Rickey stands up. Jackie follows.
speaker_heading: RICKEY
dialog: Jackie, I know from your background
dialog: that you've been spiked and beaned
dialog: in baseball, you've been clipped and
dialog: two-way tackled in football, you've
text: been banged around on the street.
dialog: That's what you face now. And you
dialog: don't dare yell copper... or fight
dialog: back. You don't dare because more
dialog: than you... much more than just you...
text: hangs in the balance.
dialog: (extending his hand)
dialog: Take a day to think it over. And
dialog: think it over!
text: They shake. In the background, Sukeforth enters the scene
text: looking a little dazed at what has happened, in fact, blowing
dialog: off steam.
scene_heading: INT. ROBINSON HOME - LIVING ROOM FULL
text: Mrs. Robinson at table knitting as Mack enters in his street-
text: cleaning uniform, carrying lunch pail.
speaker_heading: MACK
dialog: I'm going, Mom. See you in the
dialog: morning.
text: The telephone rings and Mack goes to it. Mrs. Robinson
dialog: watches.
speaker_heading: MACK
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Hello... Yes, yes...
text: We hear the jangle of heavy coins coming from the receiver
text: as Mack turns to his mother in surprise.
speaker_heading: MACK
dialog: It's Jackie, Mom. He's calling from
dialog: New York.
text: Also surprised, and a bit perturbed, she gets up and joins
dialog: Mack.
speaker_heading: MRS. ROBINSON
dialog: New York? What's he doin' there?
speaker_heading: MACK
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Hello... Yeah, Jackie, it's me, Mack.
dialog: What are you...? Huh?... The
dialog: Dodgers?... The Dodgers!... Yeah...
dialog: Yeah... Yeah...
text: Mrs. Robinson stands quietly waiting, but we can tell she is
text: dying to know what it is all about. But Mack is listening.
text: Then he finally talks again to Jackie.
speaker_heading: MACK
dialog: Yes, she's right here, Jackie. Just
dialog: a minute, I'll tell her.
dialog: (turning to mother)
dialog: Listen, Mom. Jackie's got a chance
dialog: to try out for Montreal -- baseball --
dialog: and maybe go with the Brooklyn
dialog: baseball team afterwards. He'll be
dialog: the first Negro in real baseball.
dialog: But he has to promise that no matter
dialog: what kind of trouble happens -- and
dialog: there'll be trouble --
speaker_heading: MRS. ROBINSON
dialog: (cutting in)
dialog: Will he get hurt?
speaker_heading: MACK
dialog: Oh, not actually... but it could be
dialog: nasty... you know. But he's got to
dialog: promise not to fight back no matter
dialog: what happens to him and he don't
dialog: know if he can trust himself to take
dialog: it. Feels he'll feel like only half
dialog: a man. And if things go wrong on his
dialog: account it might be the end of Negroes
dialog: in baseball. He doesn't know what to
dialog: do...
text: Mrs. Robinson reaches for the phone but Mack holds it away
text: and seems surprised at what appears to be a quick decision
dialog: on her part.
speaker_heading: MACK
dialog: What are you going to tell him?
speaker_heading: MRS. ROBINSON
dialog: Let me have the phone, Mack.
text: He gives it to her. She clears her throat and then begins...
speaker_heading: MRS. ROBINSON
dialog: Jackie...?
scene_heading: INT. PHONE BOOTH CLOSE
text: Jackie talking into a pay station phone.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: Hello, Mom! Mack tell you? What do
dialog: you think, Mom...?
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: What? What?
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Yeah... I feel all right. Yeah, I'm
dialog: sure. I feel swell... But what
dialog: about...?
scene_heading: MRS. ROBINSON CLOSE
speaker_heading: MRS. ROBINSON
dialog: We can't advise you, son. You have
dialog: to talk to somebody with better
dialog: judgment. Somebody in New York you
dialog: can sit down with...
scene_heading: JACKIE IN PHONE BOOTH CLOSE
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: But I don't know anybody in New
dialog: York...
speaker_heading: MRS. ROBINSON
speaker_heading: MRS. ROBINSON
dialog: Yes, you do, son. In Harlem there
dialog: are churches and good men at the
dialog: head of them. Find one. Tell him.
dialog: And listen. It means as much to him
dialog: as it does to you and all of us.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: (thinking)
dialog: Yeah... maybe you're right, Mom.
dialog: That does sound good.
scene_heading: ROBINSON HOME MEDIUM
speaker_heading: MRS. ROBINSON
dialog: ...and take good care of yourself
dialog: and let us know... What?... No, we
dialog: won't tell anyone until you let us
dialog: know... Yes, just Rae. Good-bye.
text: She hangs up and turns from phone to Mack.
speaker_heading: MACK
dialog: (impressed)
dialog: That was good, Mom. How'd you happen
dialog: to think he could go to some church
dialog: and talk to a minister?
text: She sits down and takes up her knitting again.
speaker_heading: MRS. ROBINSON
dialog: He needed help and it just naturally
dialog: came to me he could go to church.
scene_heading: EXT. HARLEM CHURCH - NIGHT FULL
scene_heading: INT. RECTORY - NIGHT TWO SHOT
text: Jackie and an elderly minister are seated, both silent,
text: serious and thoughtful. Jackie seems to be waiting for an
text: opinion from the minister. The latter finally stands up and
text: Jackie follows suit.
speaker_heading: MINISTER
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: I understand. It's quite a problem.
dialog: (changing tone)
dialog: Do you have time for a little walk,
dialog: Mr. Robinson?
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: (puzzled)
dialog: A walk? Well... surely, if you like.
speaker_heading: MINISTER
dialog: (reaching for hat)
dialog: Let's take one.
scene_heading: HARLEM - (STOCK) EFFECT SEQUENCE
text: This scene, which is one of the most important in the picture,
dialog: will depend almost entirely on footage available, editorial
dialog: selection of scenes, and technical handling. We see Harlem
text: at night and get the feeling of humanity so congested, and
text: sometimes so suppressed, that it overruns its boundaries
text: both physically and emotionally. Yet there is also the music
dialog: and laughter of Harlem, and the spirit of a people not to be
text: overcome. Song and violence, rowdy kids and sober elders,
text: church and saloon, and always the streets crowded, the
text: buildings giving an appearance of being stuffed. Intercut in
text: these scenes are the minister and Jackie, so that they appear
text: to be looking on and absorbing what they see. Occasionally
text: the minister will glance at Jackie to make sure he is taking
dialog: it all in. Occasionally he will explain what is going on...
dialog: and the dialogue for this is to be written when the proper
text: scenes are selected.
scene_heading: EXT. THE CHURCH - NIGHT FULL
text: Jackie and the minister have arrived back at the church and
dialog: stand there.
scene_heading: JACKIE - MINISTER MED. CLOSE
speaker_heading: MINISTER
dialog: That's your people.
text: As Jackie nods:
speaker_heading: MINISTER
dialog: I know that if you don't make good...
dialog: it may hurt us. But...
dialog: (shrugging)
dialog: ...we always can take hurt, if there
dialog: is the chance to benefit.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: That means I take the chance.
speaker_heading: MINISTER
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: We all take the chance. The Lord has
dialog: appointed you one of the rising men
dialog: of your race. And we've got to be a
dialog: rising people.
text: The minister looks at him. Jackie nods. He keeps nodding as
dialog: we cut to:
speaker_heading: MONTAGE
text: A series of newspaper headlines -- front page --
scene_heading: DODGERS SIGN NEGRO PLAYER!
dialog: Jackie Robinson sent to Montreal Royals
text: NEGRO BREAKS INTO BIG LEAGUE BALL!
dialog: Baseball world in furore!
text: Down in the body of one of the newspaper stories is the
dialog: following paragraph:
scene_heading: INSERT NEWS STORY PARAGRAPH
dialog: "In the meanwhile, there has been no comment from Jackie
text: Robinson, who, having returned to his home in Pasadena, is
text: preparing to marry Miss Rae Isum, a schooldays sweetheart."
scene_heading: RADIO STUDIO - ANNOUNCER CLOSE
text: An announcer is standing at a mike, reading from a script he
dialog: holds:
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: When Branch Rickey announced that
dialog: Jackie Robinson had been signed and
dialog: would play for the Montreal farm
dialog: club there was plenty of excitement.
dialog: Almost everybody had something to
dialog: say about it -- and what's more --
dialog: they said it!...
scene_heading: QUICK CUTS - (STOCK) - (ALL SILENT)
text: A. Two men arguing on a street corner.
text: B. Men arguing in bar.
text: C. Man and woman arguing.
text: D. Three Negroes discussing a serious problem.
text: E. Group at exclusive club discussing same heatedly.
text: F. Radio commentator talking into mike.
scene_heading: ANNOUNCER AGAIN CLOSE
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ...The talk came from high places in
dialog: baseball as well -- with many a club
dialog: owner declaring that they wouldn't
dialog: stand for it. But there it was. What
dialog: would they do about it? It is
dialog: something we won't know until the
dialog: season starts in a few weeks in
dialog: Florida...
scene_heading: ROBINSON HOME STEPS - NIGHT TWO SHOT
text: Jackie and Rae are sitting together.
speaker_heading: RAE
dialog: (doubtfully)
dialog: You're sure you want me to come to
dialog: Florida with you? I've never been
dialog: south.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: I'm sure. I'm very sure. Not afraid,
dialog: are you?... because of all this fuss
dialog: in the papers? I've never been south
dialog: either, since babyhood.
speaker_heading: RAE
dialog: A little. But that's not why I wonder
dialog: about coming. I just don't want to
dialog: be in your way. You'll be busy with
dialog: all that spring training... people
dialog: wanting to talk to you.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: (laughing softly)
dialog: Who'll want to talk to me? They talk
dialog: about me... but not to me much. If
dialog: you aren't there I'll just be alone
dialog: once I'm off the field.
speaker_heading: RAE
dialog: Is that the way you figure it?
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Why... Dem's the conditions that
dialog: prevail... like Jimmy Durante says.
speaker_heading: RAE
dialog: (with sidelong glance)
dialog: Well... if dem's the conditions,
dialog: I'll see what I can do.
text: We cut as Jackie, pleased, starts to put his arm around her.
scene_heading: SERIES OF QUICK CUTS - (ALL SILENT EXCEPT FOR MUSIC)
text: 1. Shot of Jackie and Rae getting on plane.
scene_heading: PLANE IN FLIGHT. (STOCK)
text: 3. Jackie and Rae getting on train.
dialog: 4. Train speeding along. (Stock)
text: 5. Stock shot - Florida. Palm trees, stucco buildings, etc.
text: 6. Shot of Jackie and Rae entering bus. Rae is about to take
text: a seat in middle of bus when Jackie stops her and indicates
text: she is to sit in rear of bus.
text: 7. Rae and Jackie in bus as he points to sign near driver.
text: 8. Sign, reading: "Colored must sit in rear."
speaker_heading: WIPE:
scene_heading: INT. BUS DEPOT FULL
text: Bus coming to stop, driver opening door and passengers
text: beginning to exit.
speaker_heading: BUS DOOR MEDIUM
text: Jackie stepping out and helping Rae down as a well-dressed,
text: middle-aged Negro steps up to him.
speaker_heading: NEGRO
dialog: Mr. Robinson?
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: NEGRO
dialog: (to Rae)
dialog: And Mrs. Robinson?
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: That's right.
speaker_heading: NEGRO
dialog: My name is Gaines. I am an attorney
dialog: in town. A group of us heard you
dialog: were due here for spring training.
dialog: We thought you might not have made
dialog: arrangements for a place to stay.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: Why... we were going to find a
dialog: hotel...
speaker_heading: GAINES
dialog: There is no suitable hotel, Mr.
dialog: Robinson. That's why we talked it
dialog: over. I'd be pleased to have you
dialog: stop at my home while you are here
dialog: as our guests. Such as it is, it is
dialog: the only place available.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
text: (puzzled, looking at
dialog: Rae)
dialog: That's very kind of you... but...
dialog: why... we don't want to impose...
speaker_heading: GAINES
dialog: Not at all. You are a very important
dialog: man to us. It will be our pleasure,
dialog: I assure you.
text: Jackie studies Gaines a moment and then understands. He
text: extends his hand and both men shake.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: (simply)
dialog: Thank you.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - DAY FULL
text: A car pulls up outside a comfortable looking frame house.
text: The three, Gains, Jackie and Rae, get out, the two men
text: dividing the bags between them, and walk towards house. As
text: they get near the door, it opens and a dignified colored
text: woman steps out and smiles a welcome. From a distance we see
text: the introductions made and the group passes inside.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: DODGERS' TRAINING FIELD - (STOCK) PANORAMIC
text: A general view of the training field with about fifty-odd
text: players tossing the ball around.
speaker_heading: GAINES' CAR - (PROCESS)
text: We see Jackie and Gaines in car as it comes to stop near
text: field which forms the b.g. Jackie, carrying small zipper
text: bag, emerges from car, waves thanks to Gaines, and starts
dialog: away.
scene_heading: INT. DRESSING ROOM - DAY FULL
text: Jackie is buttoning up his uniform and nearly a dozen
text: reporters, most of them white, are shooting questions at
text: him. Several have notebooks in their hands and are writing
text: down his answers.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: ...Think you're good enough to make
dialog: the Dodgers?
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: Don't know if I'm good enough to
dialog: make the Montreal team -- so I'm not
dialog: even thinking about the Dodgers...
speaker_heading: 2ND REPORTER
dialog: (curiously)
dialog: What'll you do if a pitcher tries to
dialog: bean you?
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: (grins)
dialog: Same as you would. Duck.
text: The other reporters grin.
speaker_heading: 3RD REPORTER
dialog: You hope to be a Dodger sometime,
dialog: don't you?
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: (seriously)
dialog: Sure -- provided I'm good enough...
speaker_heading: 4TH REPORTER
dialog: What about the other players? You
dialog: think there'll be any trouble?
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: (looking up)
dialog: Trouble?
speaker_heading: 2ND REPORTER
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: He means -- do you expect to get
dialog: along with the other guys --- Suppose
dialog: something happens -- then what? How'll
dialog: it affect you...?
text: Jackie doesn't answer for a moment. Then:
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: (sincerely)
dialog: That's too tough for me to answer.
dialog: All I can say is that I'm going to
dialog: do my best -- as a player and on and
dialog: off the field... How it'll turn out --
dialog: I don't know any more than you do...
text: A few start writing this down and now the trainer moves up
text: in front of Jackie.
speaker_heading: TRAINER
dialog: Sorry, boys -- but you'll have to
dialog: continue this later -- right now
dialog: Robinson's due on the field...
text: The reporters understand and several move to follow Jackie
text: as he and the trainer exit.
scene_heading: EXT. DUGOUT - DAY MED. SHOT
text: As Jackie, the trainer, and several reporters come up out of
text: it and stand there for a moment.
scene_heading: EXT. PLAYING FIELD - FULL SHOT - THEIR ANGLE
text: Showing ballplayers, some batting, fielding, throwing balls,
dialog: etc. o.s., we hear the trainer's voice:
speaker_heading: TRAINER'S VOICE
dialog: Oh, Mr. Hopper!
text: At the call, a tall, greying man in his fifties, in uniform,
text: turns around and walks toward Jackie and others, including
dialog: camera.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - JACKIE, TRAINER, REPORTERS
text: As Mr. Hopper walks into scene and up to them.
speaker_heading: TRAINER
dialog: Jackie -- this is Mr. Hopper --
dialog: Manager of the Montreal Royals --
dialog: Mr. Hopper -- Jackie Robinson...
text: They both nod and shake hands. Hopper is a hard man to figure
text: out. His accent is Southern -- his attitude calm and quiet.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: Got a few minutes for us, Mr.
dialog: Hopper...?
speaker_heading: HOPPER
dialog: Certainly -- but let me get Jackie
dialog: out there first...
text: He starts moving toward the field as he speaks and Jackie
text: follows him. Then they both stop and look out toward the
text: playing field.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - FROM THEIR ANGLE
text: Almost every player on the field is looking in their
text: direction, curious about Jackie.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - HOPPER AND JACKIE
text: As Hopper moves forward again. Jackie is a bit nervous and
dialog: we can tell that Hopper knows how he feels, but there are no
dialog: words.
scene_heading: PANNING - HOPPER AND JACKIE
text: As they move down the first base line toward a player who is
text: tossing a ball with two other men who are standing as a pair
text: some distance away.
speaker_heading: HOPPER
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: Boys... this is Jackie Robinson.
dialog: (to Jackie)
dialog: That's Harker, Billings and Piletti.
dialog: Catch with them a while.
text: The players and Jackie nod. Hopper turns away and Jackie
text: joins Harker who is the lone player, with Billings and Piletti
text: some sixty feet away.
speaker_heading: THE FOUR
text: We ANGLE SEVERAL SHOTS while the following routine takes
text: place. Piletti throws the ball to Harker who is alongside
text: Jackie. Harker throws it back to Billings. Billings should
text: throw now to Jackie -- instead he also throws to Harker.
text: They keep this up a while, with Piletti and Billings never
text: throwing to Jackie, just to Harker, and as it goes on and
dialog: the white men realize they have committed themselves to this
text: insult, their faces sharpen, the atmosphere becomes a little
text: tense as indicated by the quick glances they shoot each other
text: and the way they avoid even looking at Jackie. It is his
text: first crisis, a childish one, perhaps, but nevertheless
text: serious. He stands quietly, his face betraying nothing, but
text: his eyes just following the ball.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP - JACKIE
text: As he studies their faces, his eyes following the ball in
text: flight. He hopes they might be kidding him.
scene_heading: QUICK CUTS - CLOSEUPS - THREE PLAYERS' FACES FROM JACKIE'S
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Their faces serious. It is not a gag.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP - JACKIE
text: Looking out toward other players on field.
scene_heading: THE PLAYING FIELD FULL SHOT - JACKIE'S ANGLE
text: Several players, including Clay Hopper, who has turned around,
text: are watching with interest, paying no attention to their own
dialog: practice.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSEUP - JACKIE
text: He is troubled, not knowing what to do, but realizing that
dialog: he must do something -- yet nothing that will offend the
text: three players who are still ignoring him. He studies them
dialog: again.
scene_heading: PANNING SHOT - THE THREE
text: CAMERA STUDIES their faces for a brief moment. We even feel
dialog: that they are sorry they have done what they have, but they
dialog: don't know how to get out of it without one of them turning
dialog: "chicken."
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP - JACKIE
text: He takes a breath and moves a step closer to Harker.
speaker_heading: THE FOUR
text: Piletti throws again.
scene_heading: JACKIE - HARKER CLOSE
text: The ball is again intended for Harker but Jackie leans over
text: and casually gathers it in in a graceful catch. Before there
dialog: can be any reaction he has the ball on its way back to
dialog: Billings.
scene_heading: BILLINGS - PILETTI
text: Billings is so unnerved by the whole incident that he fumbles
text: the ball and has to walk after it.
scene_heading: JACKIE - HARKER CLOSE
text: Jackie turns after throw to find Harker looking at him almost
text: gratefully. Harker nods in commendation.
speaker_heading: HARKER
dialog: Glad you did that. I don't know how
dialog: the heck we got into it.
speaker_heading: THE FOUR
text: Billings has recovered ball and is so confused by the whole
text: episode that, instead of throwing it back to Harker, who is
text: extending a glove up in the air as a sign, he throws it to
text: Jackie instead. Harker watches and looks back at Billings.
text: Then he calls out in pretended indignation.
speaker_heading: HARKER
dialog: Oh, great! Now you're leaving me out
dialog: of it! Oh, fine!
text: The four of them have to laugh now and as we cut away Harker
text: is begging Jackie for the ball.
speaker_heading: HARKER
dialog: Here... let me get a chance to throw
dialog: once in a while!
speaker_heading: HOPPER CLOSE
text: His face inscrutable, he turns and studies the faces of the
text: other ballplayers who have been watching the incident. They,
text: too, are smiling. Thoughtfully, he walks away.
scene_heading: EXT. GAINES HOME FULL
text: We can see two women seated on the porch.
scene_heading: EXT. PORCH CLOSE
text: Rae and Mrs. Gaines are talking.
speaker_heading: MRS. GAINES
dialog: You're sure you don't want to walk
dialog: into town?
speaker_heading: RAE
dialog: (hesitantly)
dialog: Well... not yet.
speaker_heading: MRS. GAINES
dialog: (pleasantly)
dialog: All right.
dialog: (studying Rae)
dialog: You're not nervous about it, are
dialog: you? Afraid down here?
speaker_heading: RAE
dialog: Uh... to tell you the truth, I
dialog: wouldn't be comfortable. I've never
dialog: been south and I'm afraid I wouldn't
dialog: know how to act. You probably don't
dialog: understand but... when one isn't
dialog: accustomed to... well, sort of
dialog: deferring... or whatever it is down
dialog: here...
dialog: (helplessly)
dialog: I'm afraid I'm not clear. Perhaps if
dialog: you explained. I worry about making
dialog: a mistake and getting Jackie into
dialog: trouble.
speaker_heading: MRS. GAINES
dialog: (gently)
dialog: I understand. Of course I do. But it
dialog: really isn't as bad as reported.
dialog: Some of what you hear is true... a
dialog: lot exaggerated. We live our own
dialog: lives... and as long as we live our
dialog: own lives we are not bothered. Most
dialog: of the white people understand our
dialog: position and are helping, bit by
dialog: bit, to make things better, easier.
dialog: We've got to show respect for all of
dialog: them -- whether we respect them or
dialog: not. Always say Mister or Mrs. --
dialog: never use first names, even if they
dialog: ask you to.
dialog: (she smiles)
dialog: None of those are hard to do, really.
dialog: You do defer, but even that isn't
dialog: hard -- once you get used to it.
speaker_heading: RAE
dialog: In what way?
speaker_heading: MRS. GAINES
dialog: Every way. In stores, say, don't try
dialog: to get waited on until you're the
dialog: only one left -- and give way even
dialog: if you're first and they come in
dialog: later... Never, of course, try or
dialog: expect to mix --- and as long as
dialog: they come first in everything --
dialog: you'll get along all right...
text: Rae is thoughtful for a moment.
speaker_heading: RAE
dialog: Tell me -- why are you living here --
dialog: instead of up North...
speaker_heading: MRS. GAINES
dialog: To tell you the truth, I like it
dialog: down here. Even so... I like it down
dialog: here. If I left... it would be like
dialog: running away from home. I couldn't
dialog: do that.
speaker_heading: RAE
dialog: (thoughtfully)
dialog: I like it, too. It feels like home...
dialog: and yet...
speaker_heading: MRS. GAINES
dialog: And yet it's strange.
speaker_heading: RAE
dialog: Yes. Strange. Almost... mysterious.
text: Mrs. Haines nods in understanding. The two sit silently as:
speaker_heading: EFFECT
dialog: We get a synoptic impression of activities: Jackie training,
text: a class being instructed in base sliding, Jackie, Rae, Mr.
text: and Mrs. Gaines around a card table at home, and, at the
text: end, a shot showing a group of white Floridians standing in
text: silence, watching Jackie taking part in a scrub game.
scene_heading: GAINES' PORCH - DAY MEDIUM
text: Jackie emerges and Rae comes as far as screen door.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: I'll be right home after practice.
text: Rae nods as Jackie waves and starts to run down the walk.
speaker_heading: GAINES' HOME FULL
text: A car pulls up and Gaines gets out just as Jackie comes down
dialog: the walk.
speaker_heading: GAINES CLOSEUP
text: His face is serious as he looks towards Jackie.
speaker_heading: GAINES - JACKIE
text: As Jackie comes up to him.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: Hello, Mr. Gaines. I was just on my
text: way to the field.
text: Gaines puts his hand on Jackie's shoulder.
speaker_heading: GAINES
dialog: Not this morning, Jackie.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: Not this... Uh? What do you mean?
speaker_heading: GAINES
dialog: Come up on the porch. I had a call
dialog: from Mr. Rickey. I'll tell you what
dialog: he said.
speaker_heading: PORCH MEDIUM
text: Rae is still standing. Mr. Gaines offers her a chair, then
text: nods to Jackie to take one, and seats himself.
speaker_heading: GAINES
dialog: The town has put a stop to mixed
dialog: ball playing.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: (after pause)
dialog: You mean... on account of me?
speaker_heading: GAINES
dialog: Yes.
text: Jackie looks at Rae... then back at Gaines.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: Then... you mean I'm through? Is
dialog: that what he said?
speaker_heading: GAINES
dialog: By no means! Mr. Rickey isn't giving
dialog: up that easy. You're to train in
dialog: another town.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: (puzzled)
dialog: By myself? I don't get it.
speaker_heading: GAINES
dialog: Oh, no. With the others. Mr. Rickey's
dialog: answer to the town was to decide to
dialog: move the whole Brooklyn organization
dialog: out of here to another town. Not
dialog: far. You'll still stay here with us.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: (staggered)
dialog: And I... I'm the cause of all that?
speaker_heading: MR. GAINES
dialog: (gently)
dialog: Don't hold yourself cheap, Jackie.
dialog: Mr. Rickey thinks that you, and what
dialog: you stand for, is worth it.
scene_heading: INT. BALL PARK - DAY FULL SHOT
text: Training session on. A few dozen players on the field,
text: catching, throwing, batting, etc. Jackie is playing shortstop.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - THE FIELD FOCUSED ON PITCHER AND BATTER
text: A batter misses the first pitch, then connects on the second
text: and runs for first. Jackie scoops up the ball but makes a
text: very bad throw to first -- and the batter is safe.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE - JACKIE
text: Looking disgusted with himself, then flexes his right arm a
text: few times as he moves back into position.
scene_heading: EXT. DUGOUT - DAY GROUP SHOT - RICKEY AND TWO REPORTERS
text: They are watching practice.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - THE FIELD OVER RICKEY AND REPORTERS
text: As they watch batting practice. Another batter hits a grounder
text: to Jackie. This time he muffs the ball and it goes into the
text: outfield.
scene_heading: GROUP SHOT - RICKEY AND REPORTERS
text: The cynical reporter grimaces at Jackie's performance.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: From what I've heard, you had a good
dialog: ballplayer in Robinson. But from
dialog: what I've seen -- you've wasted your
dialog: time --
dialog: (dryly)
dialog: and mine, too...
text: The other two reporters show nothing. Rickey isn't bothered.
speaker_heading: RICKEY
dialog: (to cynic)
dialog: Could be... but I don't think so...
dialog: (turns around and
dialog: calls o.s., to trainer)
dialog: Pete -- tell Robinson I want him at
dialog: first base...
scene_heading: MED. SHOT TO INCLUDE RICKEY, REPORTERS, TRAINER
text: As the trainer nods to Mr. Rickey and trots out on the field.
text: As he leaves, the first reporter turns to Rickey curiously.
speaker_heading: 1ST REPORTER
dialog: He ever played first?
speaker_heading: RICKEY
dialog: Not that I know of...
speaker_heading: 1ST REPORTER
dialog: Then why...
speaker_heading: RICKEY
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Because he's been trying so hard
dialog: he's thrown his arm out... it won't
dialog: be so hard on him at first...
text: The reporters think about this, but the cynic isn't impressed.
speaker_heading: 2ND REPORTER
dialog: Just how bad is his arm, Mr. Rickey?
speaker_heading: RICKEY
dialog: From what I've heard, he can't even
dialog: comb his own hair...
speaker_heading: 1ST REPORTER
dialog: ...and you're keeping him out
dialog: there...?
speaker_heading: RICKEY
dialog: Sure.
text: The trainer comes back.
speaker_heading: RICKEY
dialog: (to trainer)
dialog: How long before his arm...?
speaker_heading: TRAINER
dialog: A week will bring it around...
text: Rickey thinks about it, then turns to the reporters, looking
text: directly at the cynic.
speaker_heading: RICKEY
dialog: I suggest that you catch our first
dialog: exhibition game -- two weeks from
dialog: today...
speaker_heading: 1ST REPORTER
dialog: Here?
speaker_heading: RICKEY
dialog: No -- Jacksonville...
speaker_heading: 2ND REPORTER
dialog: I'll be there...
speaker_heading: QUICK FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. BALLPARK - DAY - (STOCK)
text: Over scene is title: JACKSONVILLE.
scene_heading: EXT. PARK ENTRANCE - DAY FULL SHOT
text: Fans milling around box-office. A few reading sign on box-
dialog: office.
speaker_heading: INSERT SIGN
text: "GAME CANCELLED"
dialog: The authority for the cancellation is partially covered so
dialog: that we do not have to blame anybody.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: A few disgruntled fans muttering in disappointment.
scene_heading: EXT. PLAYERS' ENTRANCE - DAY MED. SHOT - AT GATE
text: It is padlocked and a policeman stands in front of it. As
text: scene opens, a dozen or so ballplayers, in business or sports
text: clothes instead of uniform, are walking into scene and up to
text: gate. Jackie is among them.
speaker_heading: SAME - CLOSER
text: The trainer moves up toward the cop as the players ask him
dialog: to open the gates.
speaker_heading: PLAYER
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: How's about opening up?
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN
dialog: Not today, I'm afraid...
text: The players do not know what's wrong. The trainer moves up
dialog: to the policeman.
speaker_heading: TRAINER
dialog: What's the matter?
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN
dialog: Orders.
speaker_heading: TRAINER
dialog: (bothered)
dialog: Why not? Whose orders?
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN
dialog: Well -- there's a statute on the
dialog: books that says white and colored
dialog: can't compete against each other --
dialog: even in sports...
text: The trainer looks as though he's about to explode and so do
text: some of his players. Jackie looks upset. The trainer shrugs
text: helplessly and motions toward the players to leave.
speaker_heading: TRAINER
dialog: Let's go...
text: They start back and CAMERA PANS them to sidewalk where they
dialog: start walking o.s.
scene_heading: EXT. SIDEWALK MED. SHOT
text: As the 2nd Reporter and the cynic meet the players.
speaker_heading: 2ND REPORTER
dialog: (to trainer)
dialog: Pete -- what's...
speaker_heading: TRAINER
dialog: (disgusted)
dialog: Cancelled -- usual reason...
speaker_heading: CYNIC
dialog: (not bothered)
dialog: Think you'll ever play a game down
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: TRAINER
dialog: (holding his temper)
dialog: We'll play all right...
text: He shoulders on past the reporters and the players follow
dialog: him... As they walk o.s. we
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: EXT. BALL PARK - DAY
text: CAMERA reveals ball park's name:
speaker_heading: DELAND PARK
dialog: Jersey City vs. Montreal Royals
scene_heading: INT. BALL PARK - DAY FULL SHOT
text: A few players warming up. A few hundred fans in stands and
text: more entering. Most of the ball players are around the
text: dugouts, all of them in uniform.
scene_heading: EXT. DUGOUT MED. SHOT
text: Branch Rickey and Clay Hopper are standing in conference
text: near the dugout. Players, including Jackie, in b.g.
speaker_heading: RICKEY
dialog: ...and I want you to use him --
dialog: trouble or not...
speaker_heading: HOPPER
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: Okay.
dialog: (turning)
dialog: Hey -- Robinson!
text: Jackie comes up to them from b.g. Waits for them to speak to
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: RICKEY
dialog: Jackie -- I want you to play second
dialog: today...
dialog: (looking at Jackie's
dialog: arm)
dialog: Arm working all right?
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: RICKEY
dialog: (seriously)
dialog: Give it all you've got today...
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: I will, Mr. Rickey...
text: Rickey motions for him to join his teammates and he does so.
text: Rickey is thoughtful for a moment.
speaker_heading: RICKEY
dialog: I'm going to stay for awhile -- just
dialog: in case.
speaker_heading: HOPPER
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: It'll probably take some time --
dialog: after they find out Robinson's in
dialog: the game...
text: They walk away, talking about the situation.
scene_heading: EXT. BALLPARK - DAY FULL SHOT - GAME IN PROGRESS
dialog: Scoreboard reads: 1 to 1 -- 2nd Inning. Fans seem to be
text: enjoying the game. The batter scores an out and the teams
text: change sides as we HOLD. The Royals are coming to bat.
scene_heading: EXT. PLAYERS BENCH DUGOUT IN B.G.
text: A player selects a bat and moves to take up his position at
text: the plate as the pitcher and catcher warm up. Hopper motions
text: to Jackie who steps forward and picks out his own bat.
speaker_heading: HOPPER
dialog: Okay?
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: Anything special?
speaker_heading: HOPPER
dialog: No -- use your own judgment...
text: Jackie nods again, swings his bat, and moves up to the "on
text: deck" spot. As he does so, the first batter gets a hit and
text: races toward first.
scene_heading: EXT. PLAYING FIELD
text: As the batter reaches first safely and Jackie moves up into
text: the batter's box.
scene_heading: EXT. BOX SEAT - DAY MED. CLOSE - RICKEY
text: He is watching game. Two reporters, the cynic included, sit
dialog: with Rickey.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - JACKIE AT PLATE RICKEY'S ANGLE
text: The first pitch is a called strike. The second is a ball.
dialog: The third is a ball. Fourth a strike. Fifth a ball. Sixth a
text: ball and Jackie walks.
speaker_heading: RICKEY'S VOICE
dialog: Watch him... See that stance -- see
text: how he hugs the plate... He's hard
dialog: to pitch to -- he'll walk at least
dialog: one for four...
speaker_heading: SPECIAL SEQUENCE
dialog: At this point we go into a special sequence which must be
dialog: worked out at time of shooting between Jackie and the
text: director. It is designed as a demonstration of what makes a
text: good ball player as illustrated by Jackie... with Rickey
text: commenting on him for the benefit of the two reporters. The
text: action is not confined to any one inning but spreads over
text: the entire game in montaged scenes that take in his hitting,
text: funning and fielding. It should end up a memorable sequence
dialog: for all who play or enjoy baseball and believe, usually
dialog: wrongly, that they know all its tricks, embracing not only
text: physical skill but headwork as well. When it is over the
dialog: entire audience must have a knowledge and appreciation of
dialog: what makes Jackie Robinson the player he is... and,
dialog: furthermore, a better knowledge of baseball itself.
scene_heading: RICKEY - REPORTERS
text: Hopper enters scene.
speaker_heading: HOPPER
dialog: Can I see you alone a moment, Mr.
dialog: Rickey?
text: Rickey smells trouble. He makes his excuses to reporters,
text: who also sense something in the air, and walks off with
dialog: Hopper.
scene_heading: RICKEY - HOPPER CLOSE
speaker_heading: HOPPER
dialog: We've just got word. Police are on
text: the way. Mixed playing again.
speaker_heading: RICKEY
dialog: Better get him off the field, Clay...
dialog: no use making it worse...
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - TO INCLUDE HOPPER
text: He nods at Rickey and heads back toward dugout.
scene_heading: EXT. DUGOUT MED. SHOT
text: As Hopper walks up to players' bench. Jackie and the players
text: look up at him.
speaker_heading: HOPPER
dialog: Sorry, Jackie -- but you'd better
dialog: leave the park for awhile... The old
dialog: trouble. See you in the dressing
dialog: room.
text: Jackie gets up and slowly walks down into the dugout and
text: towards dressing rooms. The other players are silent, yet,
dialog: we feel, resentful about this unfair situation Jackie has to
dialog: buck constantly.
scene_heading: INT. DRESSING ROOM MED. CLOSE - JACKIE
text: He starts pulling off his uniform and the trainer walks into
text: scene. Jackie is definitely unhappy.
speaker_heading: TRAINER
dialog: (disgustedly)
dialog: Same old thing. Same old thing!
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: Yeah, Pete. Thanks for looking at it
dialog: my way but I bet you fellows are fed
dialog: up with all the trouble I've caused.
dialog: All the jumping around, cancelled
text: games... ruction in the air.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: (squarely)
dialog: Yes, it's been a lot of fuss. But
dialog: that's the game. We're getting paid
dialog: for it. Not our business to squawk.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: (sighing)
dialog: It's the game... but I'll never get
dialog: to play it, I'm afraid. I've got a
dialog: hunch that maybe Mr. Rickey has
dialog: enough, too... and maybe I'll be
dialog: back with the Kansas City Monarchs
dialog: in a few days... if they'll take me.
text: Pete is about to reply when the sound of a door opening makes
text: them both turn towards the entrance.
scene_heading: DRESSING ROOM DOOR LONG
text: Rickey and Hopper are entering. They walk purposely and Rickey
text: beckons with his finger.
speaker_heading: RICKEY
dialog: Pete... better go out on the field
text: and take a look at Hugh's hand. He
text: caught one on the knuckles.
scene_heading: JACKIE - PETE MEDIUM
text: As Rickey and Hopper enter scene.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: (leaving)
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: RICKEY
dialog: (to Jackie)
dialog: And you...
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: Yes, Mr. Rickey. You going to give
dialog: it to me now?
speaker_heading: RICKEY
dialog: Give you what?
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: My walking papers. You must be caught
dialog: up with all this melodramatic stuff...
text: police chasing the team all the time.
speaker_heading: RICKEY
dialog: Oh.
dialog: (winking at Hopper)
dialog: Yeah. Never had such excitement in
dialog: years.
dialog: (back to Jackie)
dialog: I'll give it to you. Jackie... you
dialog: are now officially a Montreal Royal.
dialog: You have made the team. Okay?
text: Jackie, who has been sitting a bit dejectedly, straightens
text: up slowly and looks from one to the other. His face is filled
text: more with wonder than anything else.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: (unbelievingly)
dialog: You're still with me!
dialog: As Hopper nods --
speaker_heading: RICKEY
dialog: Still with you.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: (shaking head)
dialog: And I was ready to give up!
text: He seems lost in thought, his gaze directed at a far corner
text: of the room, as Rickey gives him a farewell pat on the
text: shoulder and exits. Jackie doesn't even look up. Then Hopper
text: is standing over him.
speaker_heading: HOPPER
dialog: All right, Jackie?
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: (waking up)
dialog: Yes, Mr. Hopper.
speaker_heading: HOPPER
dialog: Think I've got even better news for
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: (brows knitting)
dialog: Better?
speaker_heading: HOPPER
dialog: For you. You can pack up. We head
dialog: north tomorrow... for Jersey City
dialog: and our first game of the season.
scene_heading: GAINES HOME DINNER TABLE
text: With his wife and Jackie and Rae seated before him, Mr. Gaines
text: rises to propose a toast.
speaker_heading: MRS. GAINES
dialog: It is safe to say, Jackie, that this
dialog: drink is not the only one to be raised
dialog: in your honor tonight. It is safe to
dialog: say that hundreds of thousands of
dialog: our people are doing the same. You
dialog: have opened another door formerly
dialog: locked to us by intolerance. It is a
dialog: milestone... I speak for a great
dialog: many when I say... thank you... thank
dialog: you...
text: The Gaineses and Rae drink, but when Jackie, embarrassed,
text: tries to take his glass, Rae puts her hand on it, laughingly,
text: and stops him.
speaker_heading: RAE
dialog: You're not supposed to drink now.
dialog: You don't drink, anyway.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: I forgot...
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN - NIGHT - (STOCK) LONG
text: A train roaring through the night.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOSEVELT STADIUM, JERSEY CITY - DAY - (STOCK) AERIAL
speaker_heading: VIEW
text: Stadium on a gala day, pennants streaming, stands packed.
dialog: (Or any comparable stadium will do.) As we look at it, the
text: legend: "JERSEY CITY, APRIL 14, 1946" appears over the
text: picture. Then the picture gradually darkens until we
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. RADIO STUDIO COMMENTATOR
text: He is seated at desk, reading from his notes.
speaker_heading: COMMENTATOR
dialog: ...This was an unusual day in
dialog: organized baseball, ladies and
dialog: gentlemen. For the first time, a
dialog: Negro player was presented to the
dialog: public. And for his first time, a
dialog: Negro made his appearance in the big
text: time, his every instinct telling him
dialog: the crowd might not be friendly at
dialog: all. But whatever the feeling of the
dialog: crowd before they saw Jackie Robinson
dialog: today... they forgot it. Because he
dialog: made them think of one thing... and
dialog: one thing only... baseball! And what
dialog: baseball! Few will forget what they
dialog: saw... I can see it yet...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: PLATE JACKIE AT BAT
text: He is waggling his bat.
speaker_heading: INFIELD
text: Runners on first and second waiting to go.
speaker_heading: THE STANDS
text: The fans are silent, watchful.
speaker_heading: PITCHER
text: He winds up and throws.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
text: He takes a ball.
speaker_heading: PITCHER
dialog: Another throw.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
text: Swings and fouls off. Waiting. Another ball. Another ball.
speaker_heading: PITCHER
text: Winding up.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: A called strike.
speaker_heading: SCOREBOARD
text: Shows two strikes and three balls.
speaker_heading: STANDS
text: Crowds tense.
speaker_heading: PITCHER
text: Checking runners, then winding up and throwing.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
text: Swinging and connecting as a roar comes from the crowd.
speaker_heading: OUTFIELD
text: Outfielder starting to run, then stopping as he realizes
dialog: ball will clear fence easily.
scene_heading: RADIO STUDIO COMMENTATOR
speaker_heading: COMMENTATOR
dialog: ...But a lot of players hit home
dialog: runs. He gave them more baseball
dialog: than that. He gave them real baseball.
dialog: When next he came to bat there were
text: yells for another homerun. Jackie
dialog: didn't hit a homerun. He showed the
dialog: crowd something brand new... how to
dialog: score on a bunt!
speaker_heading: PLATE LONG
text: ANGLING from third or left field to take in most of infield,
text: including home plate and first base. Jackie bunts towards
text: third and beats the throw to first.
scene_heading: SECOND - FIRST BASE LONG
text: Shooting from left field side of second along the line to
text: first base and taking in pitcher. Jackie is taking a long
text: lead off first as pitcher gets ready to throw. With the pitch
text: he is off for second, running towards us.
speaker_heading: PLATE CLOSE
text: Catcher receives pitch and whips throw to second.
scene_heading: SECOND - FIRST BASE LONG
text: Continuation of former shot showing Jackie going into slide
text: and beating throw to second.
speaker_heading: PITCHER CLOSE
text: Receives ball from second baseman in disgust and turns around
text: towards plate. Only once, before throwing, does he turn around
text: to eye Jackie, then he starts his windup. The second he goes
text: into it there is a roar from the crowd and we can tell from
text: the frantic look that comes into the pitcher's eyes that he
dialog: knows what is happening -- Jackie must be off again... this
text: time for third! But it is, of course, too late for him to do
text: anything but finish his throw.
scene_heading: THIRD BASE LINE
text: Jackie racing along.
speaker_heading: CATCHER
text: Reaching high for a bad throw, then whipping ball.
speaker_heading: THIRD BASE
text: Jackie sliding in under throw.
speaker_heading: STANDS
text: The crowd yelling and laughing at this continued larceny on
dialog: Jackie's part.
speaker_heading: PITCHER
text: Receiving throw from third baseman and tucking glove under
text: arm to wipe his brow and glare towards Jackie.
speaker_heading: THIRD
text: Jackie dusting himself off as third baseman looks on coldly.
speaker_heading: PITCHER
text: Ready to throw. He checks Jackie and starts windup.
speaker_heading: THIRD
text: Shooting to show both Jackie and the pitcher, the latter in
text: the b.g. With the downswing of the pitcher's arm, Jackie is
text: off and the crowd roars again. But after a half dozen stops
text: Jackie stops suddenly and dashes back to third, just beating
text: a try from the catcher to stop him.
speaker_heading: INFIELD
text: Taking in Jackie and the pitcher, the former dancing away
text: from third distractingly and the latter plainly worried by
text: Jackie's tactics and snapping a couple of throws to third in
text: an effort to trap him off base. Finally, the pitcher begins
text: his windup and immediately Jackie is off for third. With the
text: yell from the crowd the pitcher stops in mid-windup to make
text: a quick throw to third again. Again Jackie has stopped and
text: is on his way back to third but the umpire there waves him
text: away and signals that he may go on to home.
speaker_heading: UMPIRE
dialog: Pitcher's balk. You can score.
speaker_heading: INFIELD
text: The pitcher comes running over to umpire to protest but
text: realizes after a few words that he plainly made a balk and
text: has no chance. He walks back to mound dejectedly.
speaker_heading: STANDS
text: Crowd roaring.
speaker_heading: DUGOUT
text: Jackie tumbling in as pleased teammates slap him on the back.
scene_heading: RADIO STUDIO COMMENTATOR
speaker_heading: COMMENTATOR
dialog: ...Before that game was over Jackie
dialog: had hit safely four times and scored
text: four times, with the aid of two stolen
dialog: bases and two pitcher's balks! Yes,
dialog: ladies and gentlemen, that was how
dialog: the first day went for the first
dialog: Negro in organized baseball. They
dialog: probably won't all go that well...
dialog: there may still be trouble... But we
dialog: have an indication that Jackie
dialog: Robinson has what it takes... to
dialog: take hold of the public's heart!
scene_heading: EXT. SYRACUSE, N.Y. AERIAL OR PANORAMIC VIEW
text: Over which appears legend: "SYRACUSE."
scene_heading: BALL PARK PAN OR GENERAL VIEW
text: A game is in progress.
scene_heading: PLATE MED. CLOSE
text: Jackie takes a strike.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: (calling)
dialog: Hey, dare, big boy! What you-all
dialog: doin' on a white man's field?
text: Jackie turns head briefly in direction of ground boxes where
text: voice, mimicking a thick southern accent, is coming from.
speaker_heading: LOWER BOX
text: A thick-necked toughie is doing the yelling. He continues,
text: in a manner which he calculates will tickle those around
text: him. Next to him is another man who bends over to fumble
text: with something at his feet.
speaker_heading: THICK-NECK
dialog: Better get your carcass out'a there
dialog: before you get rode out!
text: The other man comes up with a black cat around whose neck a
text: length of strong twine has been attached. The man throws the
text: cat onto the field.
speaker_heading: JACKIE CLOSE
text: He hears a yell of laughter from some of the crowd and looks
dialog: around.
speaker_heading: JACKIE LONG
text: Shooting from behind him towards box where cat is being made
text: to run back and forth along box, and where Thick-Neck is
text: yelling again, ostensibly about the cat, but while looking
dialog: at Jackie.
speaker_heading: THICK-NECK
dialog: Get that black --
text: A laugh from his companion drowns out the next word.
speaker_heading: THICK-NECK
dialog: -- off the field. Get him off the
dialog: field!
speaker_heading: STANDS SECTION CLOSE
dialog: We can see that a number of fans are not impressed with this
dialog: type of humor.
speaker_heading: PITCHER LONG
text: Smiling at the byplay, he winds up just as Jackie turns
text: towards him.
speaker_heading: JACKIE LONG
dialog: We can see the cat business going on in the b.g. as Jackie
text: pulls his bat back, swings and connects.
speaker_heading: OUTFIELD LONG
text: As ball falls safe for a texas leaguer, Jackie going on to
dialog: second.
speaker_heading: GROUND BOX
text: Attendant has appeared and makes the two men lift the cat
text: back with them in the box.
speaker_heading: INFIELD
text: Shooting from center field and taking in Jackie on second
text: and the next man at bat. We see the pitcher throw and the
text: batter hitting a long single on which Jackie easily goes
text: around third to home. As Jackie turns to go back to the
text: visiting team's dugout his path brings him near the ground
text: box seat where the cat has been sat on the box rail.
speaker_heading: GROUND BOX
text: As Jackie passes and the man holding the cat holds it up to
text: Jackie and jeers.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Here's a brother of yours, Jackie.
dialog: Why don't you take him along? He
dialog: wants to get into baseball, too.
text: Jackie veers suddenly towards box and man falls back in alarm.
text: But Jackie makes no menacing motion. Instead he picks up the
text: cat and starts unloosening the twine as he walks away.
scene_heading: JACKIE TRUCKING
text: We walk with Jackie as he gets the twine loose, holds the
text: cat close and pets him comfortingly.
speaker_heading: STANDS
text: The fans watching in silence as Jackie, walking with cat
text: below, steps into dugout. Suddenly someone applauds. It is
text: taken up and soon the entire park is echoing with the
text: handclapping.
speaker_heading: DUGOUT CLOSE
text: Jackie sitting in the shadows, his hand still fondly petting
dialog: the cat.
speaker_heading: EFFECT
dialog: Our radio commentator again double-exposed against a
text: background which includes a series of quick shots showing
text: Jackie playing, crowds cheering, an occasional jeering fan.
speaker_heading: COMMENTATOR
dialog: ...With the baseball season almost
dialog: over, Jackie Robinson has proved
dialog: himself one of the standout players
dialog: in the International League. In his
text: home town, Montreal, he is a hero.
dialog: To the great majority of fans in
dialog: other International League towns, he
dialog: is also a favorite. There's no doubt
dialog: of it. Jackie has made good here...
dialog: but the biggest hurdle is ahead of
dialog: him... the major league. The
text: opposition is strengthening. There
dialog: are going to be fireworks!
speaker_heading: MONTREAL - (STOCK)
text: There are stock shots available of the riotous scenes when
dialog: the Montreal Royals won the International League pennant in
text: 1946 and the crowd went wild over Jackie, riding him around
text: on their shoulders.
scene_heading: INSERT NEWSPAPER HEADLINE
scene_heading: MONTREAL ROYALS WIN INTERNATIONAL PENNANT!
dialog: Jackie Robinson Leads League in Hitting!
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: Continuation of stock shots of Montreal celebration.
speaker_heading: STANDS CLOSE
text: A fan throwing confetti, supposedly on the crowd below.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
speaker_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT
text: The confetti turns into snow and we see empty, snow-covered
dialog: ball park.
speaker_heading: GAINES HOME LONG
text: Gaines and his wife emerge on porch just as postman comes up
dialog: the walk.
scene_heading: PORCH MED. CLOSE
text: Gaines accepts letter from postman who exits after they
text: exchange greetings. He opens letter and begins to read while
text: Mrs. Gaines turns to go back into house.
speaker_heading: GAINES
dialog: Just a minute, Clara. This is from
dialog: Jackie Robinson.
speaker_heading: MRS. GAINES
dialog: Oh. Is he coming back here?
speaker_heading: GAINES
dialog: No. That's why he writes. He's on
dialog: his way to Cuba. That's where Brooklyn
dialog: and Montreal will train this year.
speaker_heading: MRS. GAINES
dialog: (eagerly)
dialog: Does he think he can go with Brooklyn?
speaker_heading: GAINES
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: He says all he has to do is beat two
dialog: hundred other men trying for the
dialog: team.
speaker_heading: MRS. GAINES
dialog: (face falling)
dialog: Oh.
speaker_heading: GAINES
dialog: That's all right. He has to show he
dialog: is able. The important thing is...
dialog: (significantly)
dialog: ...he has nothing else against him.
dialog: He, and all of us, have come that
dialog: far, anyway.
text: He folds letter slowly and thoughtfully as she pats his arm
text: understandingly.
speaker_heading: MRS. GAINES
dialog: Yes. Yes.
speaker_heading: HAVANA - (STOCK) AERIAL
text: A legend reads: "HAVANA, CUBA."
speaker_heading: HAVANA STADIUM
text: The Montreal team is working out in the field preparatory to
text: playing a game, with the ball being whipped out around the
text: infield. Jackie is playing second.
scene_heading: BROOKLYN DUGOUT MED. CLOSE
text: Just close enough so we can read the insignia on the uniforms
dialog: of the players and know that it is the Brooklyn team which
dialog: will oppose Montreal.
speaker_heading: INFIELD FULL
text: Shooting from second towards home plate we see a trainer cup
text: his hands to his mouth as if to yell.
speaker_heading: TRAINER
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Robinson! Mr. Rickey wants to see
dialog: you!
scene_heading: INFIELD REVERSE SHOT
text: Jackie waves acknowledgement and then starts trotting in.
speaker_heading: SIDELINE MEDIUM
text: Rickey is standing alone, holding a first baseman's glove.
text: As Jackie enters scene Rickey nods and flips the glove to
text: Jackie who catches it but looks puzzled.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: For me? This is a first baseman's
dialog: glove.
speaker_heading: RICKEY
dialog: That's right. I want you to use it.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: I don't get it. Not play second, you
dialog: mean? Mr. Rickey, I don't like first
dialog: base. I'm not a first baseman. I did
dialog: well at second last year.
speaker_heading: RICKEY
dialog: Jackie, your team begins a seven
dialog: game practice series against Brooklyn
dialog: today. I want you to play first. I
dialog: want you to play like you've never
dialog: played before. Last year at Montreal
dialog: doesn't mean a thing. This is it.
dialog: This is where you decide whether
dialog: Brooklyn wants you... and by Brooklyn
dialog: I don't mean me -- I mean the Brooklyn
dialog: players. I want you to run them
text: ragged, on the bases, in the field,
dialog: at bat. Run wild. Steal their pants
dialog: off. They know they are definitely
dialog: weak at first. They want to win the
dialog: pennant. Make them wonder if their
dialog: chances wouldn't be better if they
dialog: had you. If they wonder loud enough...
dialog: I'll get you for them.
text: Jackie still has a fielder's glove on his hand. Slowly he
text: shakes it off and puts the first baseman's glove on instead.
text: He seems to have forgotten that Rickey is there. He pounds
text: his fist into the pocket of the glove thoughtfully and then,
text: without another word, still deeply preoccupied apparently,
text: walks off. Rickey's gaze follows him.
scene_heading: BASEBALL SERIES MONTAGE
text: Jackie awkwardly scrambling for one in the dirt at first and
text: barely recovering to make the out. Jackie hitting. Jackie
text: racing in for a bunt, turning to find no one at first, and
text: then racing the runner to the bag for the out. After which
text: he mops his brow wearily. Jackie running the bases, stealing
text: into a base, beating a pitcher's throw to trap him, teasing
text: the pitcher, teasing again, then away on a run. Jackie
text: hitting. Jackie hitting again. Jackie walking.
dialog: And again hitting as we
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. SMALL OFFICE MEDIUM
text: Clyde Sukeforth is at a desk working away with a pencil at
text: some figuring. Nearby stands Rickey waiting. Clyde makes a
text: final notation, tosses the pencil away and shakes his head
text: unbelievingly.
speaker_heading: RICKEY
dialog: Well?
speaker_heading: SUKEFORTH
dialog: I've never seen anything like it
dialog: before. His fielding was only fair,
dialog: as you know. He was new to first
dialog: base. But, at bat!... For the seven-
dialog: game series Jackie stole seven bases
dialog: and hit .625!
speaker_heading: RICKEY
dialog: (thoughtfully)
dialog: Pretty good. Pretty good.
text: Clyde is amazed at this conservatism, and his face is a study
text: as Rickey nods and walks away.
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL NACIONALE, HAVANA - (STOCK)
scene_heading: INT. CORNER HOTEL ROOM CLOSE
text: Jackie at a small desk, writing. His voice is heard telling
dialog: us some of the words he is putting down.
speaker_heading: JACKIE'S VOICE
dialog: ...Training is over, Rae. I've had
dialog: no word yet. We fly to New York
dialog: tomorrow to play exhibition games
dialog: against Brooklyn on April 9th and
text: 10th. The tenth is the last day before
dialog: the official season begins so if I
dialog: don't hear by then... I know I'm
dialog: cooked. They say that some of the
dialog: Dodgers didn't want me...
scene_heading: EXT. SECTION HOTEL PROMENADE CLOSE
text: Simply two wicker chairs against a palm trunk or tropical
dialog: plant of any suitable type for a background. Rickey and Hopper
text: are seated and talking.
speaker_heading: RICKEY
dialog: (concerned)
dialog: It's a tough problem. Most of the
dialog: players see his value, a few don't.
dialog: That still leaves a Dodger team
dialog: divided against itself. I don't want
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: HOPPER
dialog: No... unless you could take a chance
dialog: that they would all come around when
text: they see that Jackie is helping them
text: towards a common cause -- the pennant.
speaker_heading: RICKEY
dialog: (thinking)
dialog: I don't know... I don't know.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: EXT. EBBETTS FIELD - (STOCK LONG
text: A game is in progress.
scene_heading: RADIO ANNOUNCER AT FIELD CLOSE
text: He is at the mike calling the game as he sees it.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: Well, here is Jackie Robinson up
dialog: again in the last exhibition game
dialog: before the start of the official
dialog: National League season. Jackie has
dialog: had two chances to show whether Rickey
dialog: is wrong in not signing him for
dialog: Brooklyn -- and failed to get a hit
dialog: both times. Let's see what he does
text: now with a man on first to bring in.
speaker_heading: INFIELD LONG
text: Showing Jackie at plate and another Montreal player on first.
speaker_heading: PLATE
text: Jackie waggling his bat, apparently determined to come
dialog: through.
scene_heading: MONTREAL DUGOUT
text: They are watching Jackie keenly when another player jumps
text: into the dugout excitedly and says something to some of the
text: players. The others hear his words and turn to him in great
text: interest, forgetting about Jackie.
speaker_heading: PITCHER
text: Winding up and throwing.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
text: Swinging and hitting.
speaker_heading: INFIELD
text: Angling to show that Jackie has hit into an easy double play,
text: so easy that he stops running about two-thirds of the way to
text: first and turns to lope back to the Montreal dugout.
scene_heading: RADIO ANNOUNCER CLOSE
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: That wasn't so hot. An easy double
dialog: play. It's hard to believe after the
dialog: sensational reports of Jackie's
dialog: playing in Cuba. Well, everybody has
dialog: a bad day and I imagine he is feeling
text: pretty blue now as he runs towards
dialog: his dugout...
dialog: (puzzled)
dialog: No! He isn't sad at all... He's
text: smiling.
dialog: (excitedly)
dialog: Wait a moment! Something's going on
text: at the Montreal dugout. All his
text: teammates are running out to greet
dialog: him as they would a hero! What in...
scene_heading: INFIELD - FRONT OF DUGOUT
text: Shooting towards dugout, we see the Montrealers running out
text: to Jackie, grabbing his hand, pounding him on the back.
scene_heading: PLAYERS - JACKIE CLOSE
text: Several of them clustered around Jackie are all talking at
dialog: once.
speaker_heading: PLAYERS
dialog: (ad libbing)
dialog: You've made it, Jackie! The
dialog: announcement just came out! You're a
dialog: Dodger, boy!
speaker_heading: JACKIE CLOSEUP
text: He is nodding, smiling, yet still incredulous.
scene_heading: RADIO ANNOUNCER CLOSE
speaker_heading: RADIO ANNOUNCER
dialog: ...They've had to announce it to the
dialog: crowd here, ladies and gentlemen.
dialog: What we heard from Cuba was right.
dialog: Jackie Robinson was good enough to
dialog: be signed by Brooklyn. He's a Dodger --
dialog: finally!
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. DRESSING ROOM - DAY MED. SHOT - JACKIE AND CLAY HOPPER
text: They are standing together at one end of the room, Jackie
text: listening to Hopper.
speaker_heading: HOPPER
dialog: (sincerely)
dialog: ...and I mean it when I say I'm glad
dialog: you're going with the Dodgers...
dialog: (wryly)
dialog: ...Even though I'd like to keep you
dialog: with the Royals...
dialog: Jackie knows that Hopper means it and it affects him, as
text: they shake hands.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: (sincerely)
dialog: Mr. Hopper -- I really appreciate
dialog: all the help you've given me... And
dialog: I mean it, too, when I say that last
dialog: year in Montreal was the happiest
dialog: year I've ever had... Rae and I'd
dialog: just as soon live there the rest of
dialog: our lives...
scene_heading: INT. RICKEY'S OFFICE CLOSE
text: Jackie is leaning over Rickey's desk and signing his contract
text: while Rickey looks on. When Jackie finishes, Rickey puts out
text: his hand and they shake.
speaker_heading: RICKEY
dialog: My congratulations, Jackie. The going
dialog: is still going to be tough. But I
dialog: can trust you now to take what comes
dialog: and not lose your head until you win
dialog: the National League players over
dialog: like you did in the International
dialog: League.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: You can trust me, Mr. Rickey. I can't
dialog: afford to fail. My career is no longer
dialog: a personal one, as you know...
speaker_heading: RICKEY
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: MONTAGE
text: Against a background which illustrates the tough time Jackie
dialog: had in the National League his first season -- getting spiked,
text: ducking baseballs, being given the "hip" in his baserunning --
dialog: we see newspaper stories headed variously:
scene_heading: ROBINSON SPIKED AGAIN YESTERDAY
scene_heading: PLAYERS DENY ANTI-ROBINSON PLOT, SAY ROUGHNESS ACCIDENTAL
scene_heading: ROBINSON CALM IN NIGHT GAME FRACAS
text: Whatever the scenes, Jackie is shown as quietly accepting
text: whatever happens and standing clear while his teammates defend
text: him. The news stories are dated to show the progression of
dialog: the summer months during the 1947 season, or else we might
text: show the calendar months being stripped off one by one.
text: Part of the same effect is the following headline:
scene_heading: HOLD JACKIE ROBINSON NIGHT AT EBBETTS FIELD!
text: Here we insert stock shots showing Jackie out in the field
text: receiving the Cadillac car, television set, etc., with his
text: mother and Rae also present at the ceremonies in his honor.
text: THERE FOLLOWS THE HEADLINE:
text: ROBINSON WINS "ROOKIE OF THE YEAR" AWARD!
text: We illustrate here with stock newsreel shot of Jackie at
dialog: Baseball Writers Award Dinner.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: RADIO ANNOUNCER CLOSE
dialog: This announcer is possibly Walter Winchell or Drew Pearson
dialog: or some other national name if proper arrangements can be
dialog: made (i.e., a Damon Runyon Fund benefit in the case of Walter
dialog: Winchell, etc.).
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: Today, ladies and gentleman, near
dialog: the close of the 1949 baseball season,
dialog: a great National League player, and
dialog: outstanding American citizen, is on
dialog: his way to Washington. His name is
dialog: Jackie Robinson. He isn't going there
dialog: to play ball. But he is going to
dialog: talk about how an American patriot
dialog: plays ball with the country that
dialog: extends him the right to fight for
dialog: freedom. He has been asked to discuss
dialog: the patriotism of the American
dialog: Negro... before the members of the
dialog: Un-American Activities Committee.
scene_heading: INT. COMMITTEE ROOM - (STOCK)
text: We show those scenes of Jackie in which he is beginning the
dialog: selected excerpts given below.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: You can put me down as an expert on
dialog: being a colored American, with thirty
dialog: years of experience at it. And just
dialog: like any other colored person with
text: sense enough to look around him and
dialog: understand what he sees, I know that
dialog: life in these United States can be
dialog: mighty tough for people who are a
dialog: little different from the majority --
dialog: in their skin, color or the way they
dialog: worship their God, or the way they
dialog: spell their names. I'm not fooled
dialog: because I've had a chance open to
dialog: very few Negro Americans. It's true
dialog: that I've been the laboratory specimen
dialog: in a great change in organized
dialog: baseball. I'm proud that I've made
dialog: good on my assignment to the point
dialog: where other colored players will
dialog: find it easier to enter the game and
dialog: go to the top. But I'm very well
dialog: aware that even this limited job
text: isn't finished. As I see it there
dialog: has been a terrific lot of
dialog: misunderstanding on this subject of
dialog: communism among Negroes in this
dialog: country, and it's bound to hurt my
dialog: people's cause unless it's cleared
dialog: up. I understand that there are some
dialog: few Negroes who are members of the
dialog: Communist party, and in event of war
dialog: with Russia they would probably act
dialog: just as any other Communists would.
dialog: So would members of other minority
dialog: and majority groups... Most Negroes --
dialog: and Italians and Irish and Jews and
dialog: Swedes and Slavs and other Americans --
dialog: would act just as all these groups
dialog: did in the last war. They'd do their
dialog: best to help their country stay out
dialog: of war; if unsuccessful, they'd do
dialog: their best to help their country win
dialog: the war -- against Russia or any
dialog: other enemy that threatened us... I
dialog: can't speak for any fifteen million
dialog: people any more than any other one
dialog: person can, but I know that I've got
dialog: too much invested for my wife and
dialog: child and myself in the future of
dialog: this country, and I and other
dialog: Americans of many races and faiths
dialog: have too much invested in our
dialog: country's welfare, for any of us to
dialog: throw it away. I am a religious man.
dialog: Therefore, I cherish America where I
dialog: am free to worship as I please, a
dialog: privilege which some countries do
dialog: not give. And I suspect that 999 out
dialog: of almost any 1,000 colored Americans
dialog: you meet will tell you the same thing.
dialog: But that doesn't mean that we're
dialog: going to stop fighting race
dialog: discrimination in this country until
dialog: we've got it licked. It means that
dialog: we're going to fight it all the harder
dialog: because our stake in the future is
dialog: so big. We can win our fight without
dialog: the Communists and we don't want
dialog: their help...
text: INTERCUT into speech are scenes of typical Negro life, both
text: impoverished and comparatively affluent, selected to best
text: illustrate his particular words at the moment. There is a
text: CLOSEUP of Jackie as he reaches his final words. As he speaks
dialog: them we cut to:
speaker_heading: EFFECT
text: This is the silhouette that began the picture, showing Jackie
text: in action. As his silhouette performs across the screen, the
text: following titles begin rolling up:
scene_heading: ROBINSON WINS NATIONAL LEAGUE BATTING HONORS
scene_heading: GENERAL EISENHOWER PRESENTS FREEDOM HOUSE MEDALS TO RALPH
scene_heading: BUNCHE, JACKIE ROBINSON AND HERBERT HOOVER
scene_heading: JACKIE ROBINSON VOTED MOST VALUABLE PLAYER IN THE NATIONAL
speaker_heading: LEAGUE
scene_heading: GEORGE WASHINGTON CARVER MEMORIAL INSTITUTE GOLD MEDAL FOR
scene_heading: BETTERMENT RACE RELATIONS AWARDED TO JACKIE ROBINSON
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: THE END
