dialog: The Unborn
dialog: By Serita Stevens
dialog: Based on the Edgar nominated short story of the same name
dialog: Pupperazzi Productions
dialog: 11863 Hoyt Lane
speaker_heading: Sylmar Ca 91342
speaker_heading: 818 439 2730
scene_heading: INT. DARKNESS OF THE WOMB -- NIGHT 1
text: LUB DUB of a heart beat as the blood WHOOSHES by.
scene_heading: INT. DARKNESS OF A BARELY LIT ROOM -- NIGHT 2
text: CREAKING OF THE ROCKING CHAIR, back and forth, back and forth
text: as a JANE,23, sweet and fresh faced contented young woman
text: HUMS a lullaby. Music from Mozart plays in the background.
text: Light from a passing car illuminates JANE, long dark hair,
text: slender, pretty and very much pregnant. Jane rubs her stomach
dialog: gently.
text: She continues to hum and rock. Puts her hands on her 8
text: month swollen belly.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: I'm going to make such a good
dialog: mother for you. You are so
dialog: special. I --
scene_heading: FOOTSTEPS POUND UP STAIRS. 3
text: Jane pauses her chair mid stroke.
scene_heading: DOORKNOB TURNS. 4
text: Jane stops rocking. Holds her breath. She turns toward the
dialog: door not knowing what to expect.
text: DOOR SLAMS open, vibrating against the wall.
text: She turns in fear.
scene_heading: INT. STUDIO APARTMENT OF EDDIE AND JANE -- DAY 5
text: Jane lays in bed. GROANS. Turns on her side. A shiner on
text: her left eye.
text: On the bedside stand are flowers.
text: Jane looks at the flowers and the crude card.
dialog: CARD: Forgive me Sweet Pie.
text: Jane smiles.
speaker_heading: PHONE RINGS
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: You okay, Janey?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: He didn't know what he was doing.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: He’s hurting you. He’s...he’s
dialog: hurting...
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: He..He’s..I'1l talk to you later.
scene_heading: DOOR KNOB TURNS.
text: She hangs up quickly as Eddie comes in bearing a breakfast
dialog: tray.
speaker_heading: EDDIE:
dialog: Hey. You okay, babe?
dialog: (sets the tray down)
dialog: Here. Let me do that.
dialog: (puts ice pack on her eye)
text: She shrinks back as if afraid of being hit.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: If you hadn't...
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: I shouldn’t have talked back to
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: And you know, you don’t do that.
text: His fingers carass under her chin.
speaker_heading: JANE:
dialog: (nods )
dialog: The baby kicked today. You want to
dialog: feel?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: (touches her belly)
dialog: Won't be much longer now. Maybe
dialog: he'll come out with a wrench in his
dialog: hand.
dialog: 10
dialog: 11
dialog: 12
scene_heading: INT. DARKNESS OF THE WOMB -- CONTINUOUS 8
text: Baby is curled in her placenta.
scene_heading: INT. STUDIO APARTMENT OF EDDIE AND JANE -- DAY 9
text: Eddie leans over Jane, touching her face with love, feeling a
text: father's pride. He touches her stomach.
speaker_heading: EDDIE:
dialog: Why the hell isn’t he kicking for
dialog: me?
speaker_heading: JANE: *
dialog: It's a girl. *
dialog: (on his reaction)
dialog: At least that's what the doctor
dialog: said. *
text: The flowers and vase he brought crash to the floor. Jane *
text: breaks out in sobs.
text: Eddie storms out of the room as Jane looked glazed at the
text: broken vase and the food over the bed.
scene_heading: INT. DARKNESS OF THE WOMB -- CONTINUOUS 10
text: Baby curled in her placenta, her eyes open.
scene_heading: INT. STUDIO APARTMENT OF EDDIE AND JANE -- MOMENTS LATER 11
text: Jane rubs her stomach.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: It's okay, baby. *
text: Jane crawls from the bed and tries to clean up the mess.
text: Stripping the dirty bed, and still sobbing, she goes over to
text: the CD player and puts on her Mozart. *
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM AREA - A FEW HOURS LATER 12
text: Jane emerges from the shower, sans make up. She goes to the
text: make up counter where everything has been put neatly in
text: alphabetical order by Eddie. She accidently knocks a jar
text: from its aligned space. Hastily, she looks around, fearful
text: that Eddie might notice. She nudges it back into place.
text: She wipes the fog off the mirror. Her bruises from the day
text: before are clearly visible. She frowns and begins applying
text: make up. It’s not covering it up. She puts on more and
text: more. The thick make up is now more obvious than the bruise.
text: She speaks in a mantra to herself.
dialog: 13
dialog: 14
dialog: 15
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: I love my husband. I do love him.
scene_heading: EXT. DARKNESS OF A BARELY LIT ROOM -- LATER 13
text: Across the street the night lights of the liquor store go on
text: and off as the hours pass. Jane sits in the rocking chair,
text: going back and forth as she repeats her mantra. She's lost
dialog: in thought.
text: The dinner table is perfectly set. The candles have burned
text: low. She anxiously watches the street.
scene_heading: INT. STUDIO APARTMENT OF EDDIE AND JANE -- DAYBREAK 14
text: Jane has fallen asleep in the rocker. Her face is starting
text: to show black and blue. She wakes and stares across the
dialog: street.
scene_heading: PHONE RINGS. 15
speaker_heading: JANE:
dialog: (dulled)
dialog: No, he's not here.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Yeah. Sure.
dialog: (forces a laugh)
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I meant what I said. You’re running
dialog: out of time -
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (alarmed)
dialog: Martin---
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: You need to leave him.
dialog: Listen...listen...
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: And who's going to take care of me.
dialog: You?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: My mama, she'll... I don’t know.
dialog: Jane, you have to leave --
dialog: 16
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: And who's going to take care of me?
dialog: You?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I...you have to get out of there
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: I can't. He'd find me if I did.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Jane, the baby --
scene_heading: FOOTSTEPS OUTSIDE THE DOOR. 16
speaker_heading: JANE:
dialog: He’s ..He’s...I have to go.
dialog: (abruptly hangs up)
text: The door opens.
text: Jane turns expectantly and starts to rise as the door opens.
text: She wears a long flowery skirt and long sleeved blouse. Her
text: hair is tied back with a bow.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: That was just...
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I know who it was.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Martin just called to --
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Sit down, Bitch. I'm through with
dialog: you and your lies.
text: He advances toward her.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Eddie, please. The baby.
text: He wipes a clean surface and looks at his finger, looking for
dialog: dust.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Clean this house. It’s disgusting.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: I’m ...I’m going to bed.
dialog: 17
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: No, you’re not.
text: Eddie grabs Jane’s arm.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Stop it, please! You’re hurt-
dialog: scaring me.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Sit down!
text: Eddie pulls her arm towards the ground, with it her body
text: follows. Jane resists and eases her arm from his grasp.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Bitch!
text: He back-hands her against the jaw. The blow is severe. Jane
text: buckles backwards, trips and SLAMS her head against the
text: TABLE’S EDGE. She slumps to the floor, motionless.
text: The carpet swells with blood.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Get up!
text: Jane lies motionless.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Jane? Stop fooling. Jane, get up!
text: Jane remains unconscious.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I was just kidding.
dialog: (realizes she’s gone)
dialog: Fucking shit!
text: SILENCE. Then,
text: Eddie frantically rolls the carpet near her so that it looks
text: like she tripped and pulls his cellphone out and dials 9-1-1.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Send help! My wife’s fallen.
speaker_heading: FLASH WITH:
scene_heading: AMBULANCE SCREAMS/SIRENS: NIGHT 17
dialog: 18
dialog: 7.
scene_heading: INT.EDDIE’S APARTMENT - A FEW MOMENTS LATER 18
text: TWO PARAMEDICS rush to Jane, quickly assessing the scene.
text: Eddie sits silent, motionless on the bed; white, blank, sick
dialog: stare.
text: The Paramedics kneel to Janes side. They quickly assess the
text: situation and perform CPR with no hesitation. Their movement
dialog: is sound, their skill precise.
text: Martin rushes in.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I...she tripped.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: You ---
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Shut the fuck up, Doofus.
scene_heading: FIVE MINUTES PASS.
text: An exhausted, somber Paramedic 1 leans down and takes Jane's
text: pulse. The cardiac monitor sounds a sharp pitched tone as it
text: beams a flat-line.
speaker_heading: PARAMEDIC #2
dialog: Let’s jolt her.
text: The other nods as she applies the paddles to the chest.
speaker_heading: PARAMEDIC #1
dialog: Stand back!
text: Jane's body’s jerk but there is nothing happening.
text: Her eyes are wide open, the blood fills the carpet in small
text: gushes. One paramedic shakes his head “no” to the other.
text: Janey is dead.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Do it again...please.
dialog: Jane...she...
speaker_heading: PARAMEDIC #2
dialog: I’m sorry, Sir.
text: Paramedic 1 removes her white, latex gloves. She applies hand
text: sanitizer. The sound of the liquid glides out of the bottle.
text: Eddie thinks he can hear it, for just a second.
dialog: 8.
text: Paramedic 1 notices small amounts of blood protruding from
text: Jane's mouth.
text: SLOW MOTION: A drop hits the carpet.
text: Eddie stands there, just staring.
speaker_heading: PARAMEDIC #1
dialog: Sir!
text: Eddie jolts from his trance.
speaker_heading: PARAMEDIC #2
dialog: Did you do this?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: No.
dialog: (chills)
dialog: I tell ya, she tripped.
text: He looks from the paramedics to Martin.
text: He listens with the stethoscope.
text: A sharp TONE blasts against the room. It’s startling. Then,
speaker_heading: PARAMEDIC #2
dialog: (whisper)
text: It’s beating.
text: Eddie leans forward. Swallows hard.
speaker_heading: PARAMEDIC #1
dialog: She’s alive?
text: Eddie rubs his hands together, impatiently looks to the door;
text: eyeing an escape. The tone sounds again. Then again. The
text: HEART BEAT of the baby can be heard through the dopler.
speaker_heading: PARAMEDIC #2
dialog: No. Its the baby. The baby’s heart
text: is beating.
text: Paramedic 1 takes the dopler and places it again on the
dialog: stomach.
speaker_heading: PARAMEDIC #1
dialog: We have fetal movement. Strong.
dialog: (then)
dialog: This baby is kicking. Let’s get
text: her moving. Now.
text: Eddie backs away from his exit, towards the scene. He peers
text: over the medics at Janey’s eyes wide open.
speaker_heading: JANE (V.O.)
dialog: Eddie.
text: Eddie jolts.
speaker_heading: PARAMEDIC #2
dialog: (to Eddie)
dialog: Step back. Give us some room.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: What??
speaker_heading: PARAMEDIC #1
dialog: Step back!!
text: JANE abruptly sits up, blood seeping from her wound. Eddie
text: JOLTS with a SCREAM.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Tell me you love me, Eddie.
text: Eddie cringes at her sight, trembling in a pulse of fear. He
text: opens his eyes.
dialog: Empty.
text: The room is empty. Paramedics GONE. Only the pool of blood
text: remains on the carpet where Jane once laid.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL WAITING ROOM- DAY.
text: Eddie sits in his chair waiting form something, anything. He
text: has not slept and it shows.
text: Martin paces the room.
text: From the strong white GAZE of the hospital BRIGHT LIGHTS
text: emerges a DOCTOR, male, 60s.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Mr. Hutchins?
text: Eddie nods. The doctor sits. Martin sits down next to Eddie
text: and tries to comfort him but Eddie shrugs him off. Then,
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Sir. We saved your baby.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: What’s that supposed to mean? Jane
dialog: is dead!
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 19
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: EDDIE (cont'd)
dialog: (Sobs )
dialog: Oh, my God. I loved her! I swear
dialog: I did. I loved her.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Of course you did.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Fuck you! You didn’t even try to
dialog: save her.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Eddie ...
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: You shut up, Doofus. When I want
dialog: your opinion, I’1l ask.
text: The doctor reluctantly shakes his head.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: It was no...We performed an
dialog: emergency c-section.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: A little girl?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
text: A healthy little girl.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: What the hell am I supposed to
dialog: do...
scene_heading: INT. EDDIE’S APARTMENT - DAY. 19
scene_heading: SUPERIMPOSE: 4 YEARS LATER.
text: Eddie drunk on the sofa.
text: Little Janey, age 4, pounds with her pretend hammer into toy
text: blocks and then picking up Jane and Eddie's wedding picture
text: and pounding it until the glass shatters. She looks at Eddie
dialog: directly.
text: INTERCUT BETWEEN DOORWAY and LIVING ROOM AS NECESSARY.
text: The door opens and Martin lets himself inside.
text: Eddie catches the stare of his 4 year old daughter. Chilling.
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: JANE (V.O.)
dialog: (whisper)
dialog: Eddie.
text: Eddie JOLTs quickly. Standing above him is Jane, BLOODIED,
text: holding a shard of glass.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: No!
text: Jane HAMMERS down the glass into Eddie’s GUT. He buckles
text: towards the wound.
speaker_heading: MARTIN (0.S.)
dialog: Eddie?
text: Eddie pulls the glass from his stomach. Blood pulls around
text: his waist.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: No.
text: Jane is gone. In her place stands Janey, the 4 year old,
text: holding the glass, SMILING.
text: Eddie bolts upright.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Jane!
text: His eyes wide open. NORMAL. Janey plays in the corner with
text: her hammer. She looks to her father and SMILES.
text: Martin enters the room and bends down so that he's eye level
text: with JANEY.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: What are doing, Sweetheart?
text: Janey playfully holds her hands up to Martin.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: What’s the matter with, Eddie?
dialog: Nightmare?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Yeah. Kind of.
text: He reaches for his bottle of Scotch and starts to pour.
text: Martin takes the bottle from him. There's a slight struggle.
text: Eddie nods. He glances again at JANEY, watching warily as she
text: plays with her toy hammer and blocks.
dialog: 20
text: Eddie releases his grasp on the BOTTLE.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Yeah, you’re right. I don’t need a
dialog: drink.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM OF APARTMENT. DAY.
scene_heading: SUPER IMPOSE: TEN YEARS LATER
text: Eddie is on the phone with a crisis HOTLINE.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: You don’t understand. I’m not
dialog: crazy.
speaker_heading: CRISIS WORKER (V.O.)
dialog: Have you had any alternative
dialog: substances today?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Don’t give me that shit! I’m
dialog: hearing voices! They’re real lady!
speaker_heading: CRISIS WORKER (V.O)
dialog: Are you a threat to yourself or
dialog: others?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: No, I’m not.
dialog: (then)
dialog: The kid is.
dialog: 12.
dialog: 20
text: He sees LITTLE JANEY (14) standing in the doorway, watching
dialog: him.
text: Slowly, he puts down the phone. CLICK.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: You’re home.
text: He’s nervous.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Everything okay?
speaker_heading: LITTLE JANEY
dialog: Just fine, Daddy.
text: She returns a slow, half-witting smile.
dialog: 21
dialog: 13.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT OF EDDIE AND LITTLE JANEY - TWO DAYS LATER 21
text: Little Janey, 14, sits in the exact rocking chair where her
text: mother sat. She reads Jane Eyre. On the desk is a picture of
text: her mother. It's uncanny how much the child looks like her
text: mother, even to her hair style. Her hair has grown long
text: Eddie stops in the doorway with groceries in his arms. He
text: swallows hard as if seeing a ghost.
speaker_heading: EDDIE:
dialog: D'ya always gotta have a book in
dialog: your hand, kid?
speaker_heading: LITTLE JANEY
dialog: I like to read, Daddy. Didn't
dialog: Mommy like to read, too?
speaker_heading: EDDIE:
dialog: (Stammers )
dialog: H...how would y...you know about
dialog: y...your m...mother, kid?
dialog: 
text: Little Janey shrugs.
speaker_heading: LITTLE JANEY
dialog: Martin told me.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: (in a rush)
dialog: I gota go out. There's spaghetti
text: in the fridge.
speaker_heading: LITTLE JANEY
dialog: Sure, Daddy.
speaker_heading: JANE (V.O.)
dialog: I loved you, Eddie. Why did you
dialog: hurt me?
speaker_heading: EDDIE:
dialog: (spins around)
dialog: Whatja say?
speaker_heading: LITTLE JANEY
dialog: Nothing, Daddy.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Stop playing games with my head,
dialog: kid.
speaker_heading: LITTLE JANEY
dialog: I don’t play games.
dialog: 22
dialog: 23
dialog: 24
dialog: 14.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT OF EDDIE AND LITTLE JANEY - DARK 22
text: The room is bathed in moonlight. Wearing a long flowery skirt
text: and blouse, similar to what her mother wore before her death,
text: Little Janey Puts on Mozart and sits in the rocker,
text: rhythmically going back and forth. Her is tied back with a
dialog: bow.
text: The rocker CREAKS BACK AND FORTH.
scene_heading: FOOTSTEPS OUTSIDE. 23
scene_heading: DOOR KNOB TURNS 24
text: Eddie enters and blinks, barely able to see in the darkened
dialog: apartment.
speaker_heading: EDDIE:
dialog: What the...turn on the fuckin'
dialog: lights. Not like I can't afford
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: LITTLE JANEY
dialog: No, leave them off.
text: She stands and walks toward him, looking amazingly like her
dialog: mother.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: (drunk)
dialog: Whereja get those clothes? Huh,
dialog: where?
text: He approaches her angrily, almost ready to rip them off. She
text: avoids him laughing and returns to the rocker.
speaker_heading: LITTLE JANEY
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: I found them. In a trunk. They
dialog: were mother's, weren't they?
speaker_heading: EDDIE:
dialog: Take'm off.
speaker_heading: LITTLE JANEY
dialog: No. Other kids have parties for
dialog: their birthdays. But what do I
dialog: have? A father who murdered my
dialog: mother.
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Shut up! Turn that record off
dialog: before I slap you one.
speaker_heading: LITTLE JANEY
dialog: Oh, don't you like the music,
dialog: Eddie? It was with mother's
dialog: things. I'm going to kill you
dialog: Eddie.
text: Janey stands out of the rocker looking every bit like her
text: mother. She walks forward. Eddie’s face is white.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Get away from me! Go back! Get
dialog: away!
speaker_heading: JANE'S VOICE
dialog: Eddie, why did you have to be so
dialog: cruel? Why did you have to kill
dialog: me? I loved you, Eddie.
text: He turns and looks for an escape, but sees none. With each
text: step she takes forward, he takes one back. He doesn't
text: realize that he is nearing the carpet that Jane had fallen
text: on. He hits his head, just as Jane had.
text: The force of his fall is so great that he just lies there,
text: eyes open.
text: She kicks the rug over to look as if he has tripped, then
text: picks up the phone.
speaker_heading: LITTLE JANEY
dialog: My father’s fallen. Send help.
text: She smiles.
dialog: The End
text: Titles at the end have the phone number.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Three out of four people know a victim of partnership or
dialog: dating violence
dialog: One in four women; one in nine men are victims of domestic
text: violence at some point in their lives.
dialog: Every fifteen minutes a woman is abused. Teens are not
dialog: immune.
dialog: 16.
dialog: Violence against women happens in every culture and across
dialog: the socioeconomic board. Don’t be a victim.
dialog: If you or someone you know is in danger, please
text: call the Hotline by phone at 1-800-799-SAFE (7233),
dialog: 
