speaker_heading: FINAC
scene_heading: THE GOSDBYE GIRL
dialog: by
dialog: Neil Simon
speaker_heading: THIRD DRAFT
dialog: December, 1976
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
dialog: Chgs. 1-31-77 Pol
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. - 60TH STREET AND LEXINGTON AVE. N.W. CORNER - DAY 1
text: PAULA MCFADDEN, an attractive thirty-three year old,
text: exits subway with her ten year old daughrer, LUCY.
speaker_heading: TITLES
scene_heading: EXT. + BLOOMINGDALE'S - LEXINGTON AVE. - DAY 14
scene_heading: EXT. - ALEMANDER'S - LEXINGTON AVE. - DAY 2
text: Paula and Lucy cross the streer from Bloomingdale's to
text: ALEXANDER'S. PAN from street to sunglass display.
speaker_heading: TITLES
scene_heading: INT. - ALEXANDER'S (BEHIND SUNGLASS DISPLAY) - DAY 3
text: Paula checks price tags.
speaker_heading: TITLES
scene_heading: INT, - ALEXANDER'S - CHILDREN'S SHOE DEPT, - DAY 3A
text: Lucy trying on merchandise.
speaker_heading: TITLES .
scene_heading: BMT. /EXT. - ALEXANDER'S - 59TH STREET - NEAR LEXINGTON -
text: Paula and Lucy, with packages.
speaker_heading: TITLES
scene_heading: EXT. NATIONAL SHOE STORE - LEXINGTON AVE. - DAY 4a
scene_heading: 7 TKT. - RGHARD JOUNSON'S - LEXINGTON AVE, - DAY 5
text: aula and Lucy are having 2 snack. We see Blooming-
text: dale's and Alexander's across the streec.
speaker_heading: TITLES
scene_heading: EXT. - LEXINGTON AVENUE - 60TH STREET - DAY 6
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
scene_heading: Chgs. 1-31-77 P.2
speaker_heading: PAULA | 5
dialog: This time next week, California! CONT'D
dialog: (looks at Lucy) (2)
dialog: You excited?
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Un huh.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Me too,.,can't wait.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Were you ever there?
speaker_heading: PAULA (nods)
dialog: Once...for six weeks. Touring with
dialog: some musical, Middle of December
dialog: we went swimming.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Which musical?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: What's the difference? I'm trying
dialog: to tell you how beauciful it's
dialog: going to be. We're going to look
text: fot a little house up in the hills.
dialog: No smog...sunshine everyday...
dialog: %
text: Paula and Lucy walk to bus stop.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Near the movie studios?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Yes. Your window will face Warner
dialog: Brothers. You can watch them blow
dialog: up the world from your bed, alright?
dialog: «..Can you imagine having your own
dialog: orange tree and lemons...?
speaker_heading: LUCY .
dialog: I think the musical was "Fiddler on
dialog: the Roof"...1 remember staying with
dialog: Grandma. I was four and a half,
speaker_heading: PAULA (annoved)
dialog: You were never four and a half.
dialog: You were born 26!
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
scene_heading: Chgs. 12-15-76 P.3
speaker_heading: FINAL TITLES
scene_heading: EXT. - 78th STREET - WEST SIDE - DAY 7
dialog: The neighborhood is pretty tacky. Mostly run down
text: brownstone. Paula and Lucy walk down che block
text: toward the eutrance of their building.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: You think I'll be in the same grade?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Sure. Everything's the same out
text: there only it's three hours earlier.
dialog: You'll graduate younger.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: A girl from California is in our
dialog: class and she went to school with
dialog: Helen Reddy's daughter.
speaker_heading: PAULA /
dialog: Well, what about you?... After this
dialog: picture, they'll be saying, "There
dialog: goes Tony DeFerrest's little girl"...
speaker_heading: LUCY -
dialog: Yeah, but he's nor a star. He's
dialog: just an actor.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Stars have to be actors first.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: +..and he's not really my father.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: You're such a stickler for details!
scene_heading: INT. - BUILDING - DAY . 8
text: They are climbing the stairs. The building is
text: pretty run down, graffiti om the walls... They
text: live on the fourth floor.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Can I show Tony all my things first?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Later. You've got homework to do.
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
scene_heading: Chgs. 12-15-76 Pia
speaker_heading: . LUCY 8
dialog: We're moving in four days. Do I CORT'd
dialog: have to do my homewark? (2)
speaker_heading: PAULA a
dialog: Suppose between now and Friday they
dialog: teach brain surgery. I don't wane you
dialog: to miss it.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: We had it last week in science.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: .» Are you serious?
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Dumb! You know you're dumb!
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Well, I thought maybe in frog dis-
dialog: section. What do I know?
scene_heading: INT. + APARTMENT - DAY : . 9
text: Ie is a tiny, seedy apartment. A tiny vestibule
text: leads into a living room-dining room. There is-
text: also a small kitchen and two small bedrooms. There
text: are a lot of thearrical photes on the wall, most of
text: chem of a rather dark and attractive accor, Tony
text: DeForrest. A few of the off-Broadway show posters
dialog: are on the wall...
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Can I just show him my blue .
dialog: sweater?,.. And the new jeans?
speaker_heading: PAULA "
dialog: All right. But brush your hair and
dialog: wash your face...
text: Lucey takes her things and starts for her room.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: +.» And no make-up!
text: Paula crosses through living room to bedroom door.
text: It is closed. She opens ic slowly and peeks in.
text: We see the bed. It is mussed but empry. She enters
dialog: the room. .
dialog: The Goodbye
dialog: Chgs. 1-16~
scene_heading: INT. - BEDROOM - DAY
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Tony...7
dialog: (she puts down packages)
dialog: You in the bathroom?... Hey, we
dialog: cleaned our Alexander's...
dialog: (she opens 4 package)
dialog: Bought everything on sale so you'd
dialog: better like it ‘cause we can'c
dialog: exchange ic.
text: (takes out a man's
dialog: sport shirt)
dialog: Bought you a present... Come on
dialog: out and cake a Look... Tony?
dialog: (Looks towards bathroom)
text: She crosses into bathroom.
scene_heading: INT. + BATHROOM
text: The bathroom is empty... She Looks puzzled. She
dialog: crosses back into:
scene_heading: IXT. - LIVING ROOM
text: Her eyes go to the mantel. On the mantel area
dialog: number of photcgraphs, mostly of a hendsome thirty-
text: five year old actor named Tony DeForrest. Besides
dialog: some profassional shots cf Tony, there are snaps
dialog: ef him and Paula and him, Paula and Lucy... Wedged
text: on the face of the TV dial is an envelope with
text: "Paula" sevibbled across the face. She crosses to
text: TV and picks up che envelope, opens it and takes
text: cut a letter, She starts to read it,
speaker_heading: LUCY'S BEDROOM
text: A very small room, decorated with photos of male
text: movie stars and a few rock stars. Lucy is wearing
text: a brand new blue sweater, She is about to put.on
text: her brand new jeans when suddenly she hears Paula
text: - $¢ream from the living room. "Oh, God..." Lucy
text: struggles co set into the jeans and rushes out of
dialog: the room.
dialog: nt
dialog: 12
dialog: 13
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
scene_heading: Chgs. 12-15-76 P.54
scene_heading: INT. - LIVING ROOM 14
text: Paula, letter in hand, crying...
dialog: Lucy
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: He's gone!... He left without us...
speaker_heading: P16
speaker_heading: LUCY 14
dialog: For California? CONT'D
dialog: (2)
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: «+. For Italy... .
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Huh?
text: Paula just sits there. The letter hanging limply in
text: her hand. Lucy takes it from her...
dialog: Lucy:
dialog: Can I read it?
text: Paula doesn't answer extept to sob. Lucy begins to
dialog: read letter aloud.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: . "Dear Paula... This isn't
dialog: an easy letter to write.. "
dialog: (to Paula)
dialog: It doesn't start off too good,.
dialog: does it?
dialog: (back to letter)
dialog: ... "Where the hell do I begin?
dialog: You know you and the kid mean a
dialog: lot to me... "
dialog: (shrugs to herself)
dialog: The 'kid'?...
dialog: (back to letter)
dialog: "TI turned down the job in L.A...
dialog: It was just a lousy TV picture
dialog: anyway... On Mondey Stan Fields
dialog: called. I got the Barto --
dialog: Barto -- " . :
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Bartolucci!
dialog: "Bartolucci picture... " Who's
dialog: Bartolucei?
speaker_heading: PAU:A
dialog: An Italian director.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: What'd he direct?
speaker_heading: : PAULA
dialog: What do T know?... What are you
dialog: asking questions like that now
dialog: for? .
dialog: P.7
dialog: Lucy (shrugs; back to 14
speaker_heading: letter) CONT'D
dialog: "It's six months shooting in Spain (3)
dialog: and Italy... Ic's a hell of a part,
dialog: Paula, and I want it... I broke my
dialog: ass ~~ "
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Never mind. Give it to me.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Ass! I heard the word.. "I broke my
dialog: ass for twelve years in this town
dialog: and things are finally beginning
dialog: to break for me... I tald you when
dialog: you first moved in here with me that
dialog: it was never going to be permanent...
dialog: ~—~Christ, I'm not even divorced from
dialog: Patti yet... "
dialog: (to Paula)
dialog: Who's Parti?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: I told you about her.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: No, you didn't.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: I thought you would be upser-if. ___.
dialog: you were living with a married man.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: 2 wasn't living with him. You
dialog: were. Iwas in the next room.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Well, they were practically divorced...
speaker_heading: LUCY (tack to letter)
dialog: - «.. "I leit early today because I
dialog: didn't think a goodbye scene
dialog: would do any of us any good... "
dialog: (to Paula)
dialog: This is one of the worst letters
dialog: I ever read in my whole life.
speaker_heading: PAULA (nods)
dialog: Isn'c ic terrible?
speaker_heading: LUCY (back to letter)
dialog: - ... "DT wish L had something to
dialog: leave you and the kid... "" He
dialog: didn't leave us anything?
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
dialog: Chgs. 12-15-76
text: Paula shrugs ‘No’.
speaker_heading: LUCY (back to
dialog: Lletrer)
dialog: .«. "You know I've been in hock up
dialog: to my ears... I had co sell my watch
dialog: and my camera to pay off the loan
dialog: sharks"...
dialog: {to Paula)
dialog: He owed money to sharks?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: I'll explain it some other time. ~
dialog: Lucy
dialog: "Buc I know you'll be alright...
dialog: You can always go back to dancing”.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Dancing!... I'm 33, I can hardly walk
dialog: anymore.
speaker_heading: a LUCY
dialog: ..."You deserve more than I can
dialog: give you... I wish che both of us all
dialog: the luck in the world... Love to the
dialog: kid"...
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Don't read any more.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: It's just one more word.
dialog: (she reads)
dialog: "Tony".
text: She puts the letrer down. Paula puts her arm around
dialog: her to comfert her.
speaker_heading: LUCY (conc’ 2)
dialog: - ++: Does this mean we're not going to
dialog: California?
dialog: (Paula nods, sobs)
dialog: . Thac means T have to do my home-
dialog: work, doesn't it?
text: (Paula nods... She rocks Lucy
text: in her arms.)
scene_heading: INT. - LIVING ROOM/KITCHEN ~ NIGHT
text: Paula is sitting in the empty roon staring at the
text: ceiling. Lucy enters from her bedroom,
dialog: 
dialog: P.8
dialog: 14
speaker_heading: CONT'D
dialog: (4)
dialog: 15
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
dialog: Chgs. 12-15-76
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: I can't sleep either.
text: Paula opens her arms towards her and Lucy climbs
text: into them...Paula sniffles.
dialog: '
dialog: Lucy
dialog: How about some popcorn?
text: Paula shakes her head "no".
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Brownies?... Bacon, lettuce, tomato
dialog: on rye toase and chocolate milk?...
text: Paula laughs.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: That's funny?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Me... I'm laughing at me... I'm
text: so dumb, it's hysterical.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Weird sense of humor.
text: She snuggles into Paula.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: You'd think I would have learned
dialog: my lesson... Married an actor and
dialog: he walks out on me... Lived with
dialog: an actor and he Elies out...
dialog: Next rime I talk to @n actor, kick
dialog: me in the... well, you know the
dialog: word, -
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Ass!,.. Why don't we go to California
dialog: _ anyway? Maybe you can get into tele-
dialog: vision... Evervbody gets into tele=
dialog: vision.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: We haven't got enough money to get
dialog: through the Lincoln Tunnel,
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: We can sell the furniture.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Ie belongs to the owner of che
dialog: building.
dialog: F.9
dialog: 15
speaker_heading: CONT'D
dialog: (2)
speaker_heading: P10
dialog: Lucy 15
dialog: We can sell it late ar night. oy?
dialog: : 3)
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: I think Tony's left his mark on
dialog: you... Don't worry. I'll get a job.
dialog: I can still dance... I just have to
dialog: get back in shape... i can do it.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: You're not worried, baby, are you?
speaker_heading: LUCY (not convincing)
dialog: No,
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: «+. Tell me.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: I just told you.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: I mean tell me what you're thinking
dialog: about now,
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: ..- I was wondering how you can owe
dialog: money to sharks.
text: Paula turns away, not wanting to deal with this now.
scene_heading: EXT, - TWO STORY BUILDING - DAY OT 16
text: It is in the nid-forties. A building that houses
dialog: vehearsal rooms, acting and dance classes. We HEAR
dialog: @ plano over.
scene_heading: INT. - DANCE CLASS - DAY 17
text: About TWENTY PEOPLE, male and fenale, are teking dance
text: class. A FEMALE INSTRUCTOR counts off, walking among
text: them. Most of them are in leotards and sweat suits.
text: Some are professional dancers, some actors, others are
dialog: housewives ané businessmen, Paula, in bleck Leotards,
text: is somewhere in the back of the class, straining to keep
text: up with the exercises. She moans and groans...
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
dialog: Chgs. 3-21-77
scene_heading: . INSTRUCTOR
dialog: ...Bend, bend, three, four, arch back,
dialog: three, four... I see you, Paula.
dialog: +».You can't hide from me... Touch
dialog: toes, three, four... My God, what
dialog: have you done to your body?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: It died. Have a little respect.
text: She falls back on the floor, exhausted.
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: Paula?
dialog: (Paula turns)
dialog: Hi...Donna Douglas...1I was the swing
dialog: girl when you were in "Company".
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Oh, sure. Hi, Donna.
dialog: (mops brow)
dialog: Whew!
speaker_heading: DONNA .
text: Tough getting back into shape,
dialog: isn’t it?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: It's been two years, c's amazing
dialog: how flabby you get when you're happy.
scene_heading: EXT. - 78th STREET - LATE AFTERNOOH
text: Paula is coming down the block carrying groceries.
text: She walks with-some degree of pain. Ste arrives at
text: the steps of the browa steme and starts up... MRS.
text: CROSBY, the ‘ménageress', a large, no-noasense black
text: woman, emerges from her apartment under the steps.
dialog: 
scene_heading: MRS. CROSBY
dialog: You leavin' tonight or in the morning?
speaker_heading: PAULA (stops)
dialog: I'm sorry. What was that, Mrs. Crosby?
scene_heading: MRS. CROSBY
dialog: Just checkin’ on what time you're
dialog: vacatin',
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Oh! We're not going to California.
dialog: I forget to tell you.
dialog: P.il
dialog: 17
speaker_heading: CONT'D
dialog: (2)
speaker_heading: L7A OUT *
dialog: 18
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
dialog: Chgs. 3-21-77
dialog: P.12
scene_heading: MRS. CROSBY ’ “18
dialog: Well, I'm noe the only one you CONT'D
dialog: forgot to cell... That apartment's (2)
dialog: been sublet.
speaker_heading: PAULA ‘
dialog: What are you telking about? We're
dialog: paid up through June. We've got
dialog: three more months. You can't sublet
dialog: that aparcment,
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
scene_heading: . Chgs. 12-15-76 P.13
scene_heading: MRS. CROSBY 18
dialog: I'm not..-your man did, honey. ore
dialog: 2
dialog: PAULA (shocked, comes
dialog: down steps)
dialog: ... Be sublet our avartmeat??
speaker_heading: MRS, CROSBY
dialog: He notified me lasr night. It was
dialog: his name on the lease, so he can do
dialog: what he wants... You just be sure
dialog: you leave it the way you found ic.
text: She starts back in.
speaker_heading: PAULA (furious)
dialog: itm not leaving iz!!... I cleaned
dialog: Te and painted it and decorated it,
dialog: it's mine! I don't care what he
dialog: did, I"m not getting out, you
dialog: understand!
scene_heading: MRS. CROSBY
dialog: That's none of my business, honey.
dialog: You can take thar up with the sub-
dialog: lettee... I just don'c want any
dialog: trouble in my building.
text: She starts back into her epartment. Paula stands
text: there, screaming.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: That bastard!... That no-good bastard!
scene_heading: MRS. CROSBY (nods in
dialog: agreement) . —
dialog: Uh huh!
text: 4nd she disappears behind her closed door.
scene_heading: INT. = LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 13
text: We are on the window, It is raining heavily.
text: LIGHTNING and THUNDER in the distance...Paula is
text: angrily throwing out Tony DeForrest's photos.
dialog: The Goodbve Girl
dialog: Chgs. 12-15-76
text: She suddenly picks one picture up and hurls it
text: against the wall, smashing ic. As the docr opens.
text: Lucy enters carrying a tray with two glasses of
text: milk and a dish of cookies. She Looxs at broken
text: giass on floor.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: .. And you're always telling me to
dialog: clean up my room!
scene_heading: EXT. - WEST END AVENUE - NIGHT
text: The rain is pouring down. A cab pulls up and a young
dialog: men, in his late twenties, gets our. He has a
text: scraggly beard, scruffy hair and wears glasses. His
text: mame is ELLIOT GARFIELD. He carries an old suitcase,
text: a duffel bag and a guiter case. He pays driver and
text: runs into building.
scene_heading: INT. - BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: The two girls in bed, half finished with their
dialog: snack.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: How'd you do in dance class?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: I got winded putting on my leotards.
dialog: Paula drinks...
speaker_heading: PAULA (cont'd)
dialog: A girl there told me there's a
dialog: musical auditioning tomorrow. I'LL
dialog: give it a cry,
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Then you'd better watch your diet.
dialog: I'll Finish your cookies.
dialog: (she takes last two)
speaker_heading: TRE HALLWAY
text: Elliot comes up stairs, looks for apartment. His
text: eyeglasses are soaking wet. He can barely see. He
text: finds the aparument, takes out key from coat pocket
text: and inserts it in lock. He turms it, opens door
text: but it stops, It is boleed. He closes the door,
text: then RINGS the deorbell.
speaker_heading: P14
dialog: 19
speaker_heading: CONT'D
dialog: (2)
dialog: 20
dialog: -2h
dialog: 22
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ROOM
text: Paula sits up.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Who's that? ‘
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: I don't know.
text: She turns light on. Looks at clock.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Maybe it's Tony. Maybe he changed
dialog: his mind and came back,
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: You're so young.
text: The doorbell RINGS again. Paula gets up and puts
text: on her robe.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Stay here.
scene_heading: THE HALLWAY ee 24
text: Elliot is wiping his glasses with his handkerchief.
text: He RINGS the bell again. We HEAR Paula from the
text: other side of the door.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Who is it?
scene_heading: . ELLIOT — . oo
dialog: Er... Elliot Garfield,
speaker_heading: PAULA -
dialog: . Who?
speaker_heading: ° ELLIOT
dialog: Elliot CGarfield..,from Chicago...
dialog: Is Tony in?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: There's no Tony here.
dialog: SS
dialog: ELLIOT™—~
dialog: There isn't?... Tony DeForrest?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: There's no one by that name here.
dialog: P.1s
dialog: 23
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
scene_heading: Chgs. 2-16-77 P.16
text: ELLIOT 24.
dialog: Wait 2 second. o>
text: He takes out slip of paper, then checks it with
dialog: door number.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: 3A, this is the right apartment. I *
dialog: was here once, about two years ago.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: I don't care what apartment you've
dialog: got, there's no Tony DeForrest here.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Could you open the door a second?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Not five after twelve, I can't.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT (annoyed)
dialog: Jesus... You got a latch? Keep it
dialog: locked. I just want to talk to you.
text: The door opens but remains on the bolt. Paula peers
text: out, looks him up and down.
speaker_heading: CLOSE UPS 24a
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Make it fast. My husband is
dialog: sleeping.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: There's gotta be some mistake. I
dialog: just sublet this apartment from this
dialog: friend of mine. Tony DeForrest. He
dialog: Lives here.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: That'll be news to my husband, Charlie.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Look, I got a receipt in my pocket
dialog: for three months rent. I sent him
dialog: a check... L was supposed to move in
dialog: tomorrow but I came in early because
dialog: I start work in the morning and I
dialog: thought I could spend the night here...
dialog: You lock a little ceonZused. “Can I
dialog: speak to your husband?
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
scene_heading: Chgs. 12-15-76 PLL
speaker_heading: PAULA 244
dialog: He'll be at the 37th Precinct at CONT'D
dialog: nine o'clock, in the morning. (2)
dialog: Charlie D'Agostino. Homicide.
dialog: Goodnight.
text: She slams the door. He stands there dripping and
text: anguished. He doesn't know which way to turn, so
text: he turns forlornly toward the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. - BEDROOM 25
text: Paula comes back in, taking off her robe.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Who was it?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Never mind.
text: She gets into bed.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: It didn't sound like ‘never mind’ to
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: .+-Tony rented the apartment to some-
dialog: one... But I'm not giving it up...
dialog: It's ours. Go to sleep.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: He rented it?... You mean we have
dialog: to leave?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PAULA we
dialog: Over my dead body.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: What if they force us?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Let ‘em try.
dialog: (curms her back to Lucy)
dialog: Go to sleep.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: He rented the apartment.
text: (she turns over, back to
dialog: Paula)
dialog: . Whar a shitheel!
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
scene_heading: Chgs. 3-21-77 P.18
speaker_heading: 26 OUT=
scene_heading: INT. - BEDROOM . 27
text: Paula and Lucy are nearly asleep. The phone RINGS,
text: Paula looks ar it... It RINGS again... She sits up
text: and stares at it... It RINGS again.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: It's not for me. All my friends
dialog: are sleeping.
text: It RINGS again. She picks it up.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Hella?
scene_heading: EXT. - STREET PHONE BOOTH 28
text: Elliot on phone.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Hello?... Is Tony there, please?
scene_heading: INT. ~ BEDROOM 29
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Who's calling?
scene_heading: EXT, PHONE BOOTH 30
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: You know who's calling. I was
dialog: just up there, I recognize your
text: voice, Mrs. D'Agostino.
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
dialog: Chgs. 2-16-77
scene_heading: INT. - BEDROOM
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Mrs, who?
scene_heading: EXT. - PHONE BOOTH
speaker_heading: ELLICT
dialog: DiAgesting!... And how come your
text: telephone enswers to Tony DeForrest's
dialog: number?... And
dialog: how come the key he
dialog: sent me Air Mall Special Delivery
dialog: opens your door? Heh? Heh?... You
dialog: want to answer
dialog: D'Agostino?
scene_heading: INT, - BEDROOM
dialog: those questions, Mrs.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: No. Why don't you answer them?
scene_heading: EXT. - PHONE BOOTH
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Alright, I will... The answer is
dialog: something fishy's going on up
dialog: there... I'm wet as a herring, Mrs.
dialog: whatever your name is... I don't
dialog: have a place to sleep tonight and
dialog: I don't want to blow my last few
text: bucks on a hotel.
dialog: (looks at
dialog: watch)
dialog: Now accorcing to my non-waterproof
dialog: Watch, it is at
dialog: least twenty after
dialog: twelve and technically that apart-
dialog: up there righr
dialog: “ment belongs to me... Now do I come
dialog: now and discuss
dialog: this amicably or do I storm the
dialog: place in the mo
scene_heading: INT. - BEDROOM
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: I have a gun.
dialog: I have to.
text: She slams down the phone.
dialog: rning.
dialog: I'll use it If
dialog: P.19
dialog: 31
dialog: 32
dialog: 33
dialog: 34 -
dialog: + %
dialog: 35
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
dialog: Chgs. 12-15-76
dialog: Lucy
dialog: You have a
dialog: gun?
speaker_heading: PAULA ;
dialog: Lf you believed it, maybe he will.
scene_heading: EXT. - PHONE BOOTH
text: Elliot is standing on the curb, in the rain, waving a
text: dollar bill in his hand at passing cabs and cars.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT (yelling)
dialog: Change!...
dialog: (ears
dialog: Pregnant w
dialog: change!
scene_heading: INT. - KITCHEN
dialog: Paula is at the refr
dialog: of milk. Lucey appea:
dialog: wey.
dialog: n trouble, right?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: «We're i
dialog: Change of a dollar?...
dialog: whiz by)
dialog: ife in the lobby, I need
text: igerator getting herself a glass
text: rs at the doorway.
dialog: We're not in trouble. We have our
dialog: rights. Possession is nine tenths
dialog: of the law.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: What's the other tenth? - soe
dialog: Shut up.
speaker_heading: PAULA
text: The phone RINGS. Paula looks at it. It RINGS again.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: ++.Is that the last tenth?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Go back to bed. I'1i handle this.
text: Lucy turns and goes.
dialog: Rello?
text: Paula picks up the phone.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: P.20
dialog: 35
speaker_heading: CONT'D
dialog: (2)
speaker_heading: “36
dialog: 37
text: EXT.
text: INT.
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
dialog: Chgs. 2-16-77
speaker_heading: + PHONE BOOTH
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: I just called the 37th Precinct.
dialog: There is no Charles D'Agostino in
dialog: homicide!... Then I called Rita Scot
dialog: an old actress friend of mine.
dialog: Rita Scott was in “Merchant of
dialog: Venice" in the park this year with the
dialog: ever popular Tony DeForrest. Rita
dialog: also told me all about this girl Tony's
dialog: been living with for the last two
dialog: years... A “certain Paula McFadden, a
dialog: former dancer, and her ten year old
dialog: daughter, Lucy. Rita further told
dialog: me that the apartment in question is
text: leased in the name of Tony DéForrest.
dialog: She knows this for a fact because Rita
dialog: used to live with Tony, the smoothy,
dialog: prior to Paula and Lucy... Now then
dialog: can we continue this conversation in
dialog: a drier room, Miss McFadden?
speaker_heading: - KITCHEN
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: .+. You got problems, take it up with
dialog: the Housing Authority.
text: She is about to hang up.
dialog: E&T.
speaker_heading: - PHONE BOOTH
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Don't hang up!. an Please, don't
dialog: hang up. I don't have any more
dialog: change... I'm soaked to the bene,
dialog: Miss McFadden, and I have a vary
dialog: low threshold for disease... I
dialog: don! t know what Tony teld you but
dialog: he's got my money, I heave a lease
dialog: and you've got the apartment. Now
dialog: one of us got screwed... Let me
dialog: ve-phrase that... We have to talk
dialog: this out... I'm in no condition,
dialog: financial or healthwise, to look
text: for a hotel in the pouring rain.
dialog: If there is such a thing as the "78th
dialog: Street Flu," I think I've got it.
speaker_heading: P.2L
dialog: 38
dialog: 39
dialog: 40
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
dialog: Chgs, 8-21-77
scene_heading: INT, - KITCHEN
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Why don't you take a shot in a con-
dialog: venient place?
scene_heading: EXT. ~ PHONE BOOTH
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Five minutes, that's all I ask
dialog: ... Look, in about thirty seconds
dialog: we're gonna get cut off, Miss McFadden,
dialog: ... My mumber is...
dialog: (he looks)
text: o> 873-5261... It's a flooded booth
dialog: on Amsterdam... If you have any
dialog: compassion in your heart --
speaker_heading: OPERATOR'S VOICE
dialog: Five cents for the next three min~
dialog: utes, please.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: I'm trying to work it out, Operator
dialog: . any human compassion in your
dialog: heart, you'll call me back... The
dialog: number again is 873-5261... That's
dialog: 873-52 ==
dialog: (the phone clicks off)
dialog: Ah, shit -- 61!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: ‘DOOR OF APARTMENT a
text: Elliot rings the bell. He wipes his wet glasses.
text: The bolt unlatches and the door opens.
speaker_heading: ° ELLIOT
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Five minutes!
dialog: 42
dialog: \
text: He stoops tc pick up his bags.
speaker_heading: . PAULA
dialog: Leave your bags. This isn't a
dialog: permanent conversation.
text: He nods and walks in.
scene_heading: INT. + APARTMENT
text: She closes the door, He wipes forehead, still rain-
text: soaked, with his handkerchief.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: I'm dripping on your rug.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Ie's been dripped on before.
text: She walks into the living room and takes a place
text: near the false fireplace, one arm on the mantel.
text: follows her in, looks around.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: ++. Look, I'm sorry about all
dialog: this. i didn't know there was
dialog: going to be any complications.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Yeah, well, there's a lot of that
dialog: going around lately.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT (nods again)
dialog: Okzy. I don't blame you for being
dialog: hostile. I get the picture. Tony
dialog: rents me the aparcnent, splits with
dialog: the money and you end your daughter
dialog: get dumped on, Rignc?
speaker_heading: - PAULA
dialog: That's your version. My version
dialog: is that Tony and I amicably end
dialog: our relationship, we agreed I
dialog: would keep the apartment and you
dialog: and your six hundred dollars got
dialog: dumped on... Get the picture?
dialog: ELLIOT (smiles, nods)
dialog: Very good... very sharp... @ sharp
dialog: New York girl, right?
dialog: He
dialog: P.23
dialog: 43
speaker_heading: CONT'D
dialog: (2)
dialog: 44
dialog: P.24
speaker_heading: . _PAULA 44
dialog: No. A dull Cincinnati kid. But CONT'D
dialog: you get dumped on enough, you (2)
text: start to develop an edge.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT ‘
dialog: Okay, so what's the deal? I
dialog: have a lease in my pocket. You
dialog: gonna honor it or not?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: I got 2 daughter in my bed. Thac
dialog: tops a lease in your pocket,
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Look, I don'c want to get legal.
dialog: Legal is on my side... I happen
dialog: to have a lawyer acquaintance
dialog: downtown. Now all I have to do
dialog: is call this downtown lawyer
dialog: acquaintance of mine --
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Oh, Jesus! An actor!
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Another goddamn actor! "I
dialog: happen to have a lawyer acquaintance"
dialog: +s. That's right cut of "Streetcar
dialog: Named Desire’... Stanley Kowalski
dialog: in summer stock, right?
text: ELLIOT . .
dialog: Wrong! I played it in Chicago in
dialog: the dead of winter... Three and a
dialog: half months at the Drury Lane.
speaker_heading: PAULA (nods)
text: Ask an actor a question, he gives
dialog: you his credits.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: You want the reviews too?,..
dialog: "Elliot Garfield brings new
dialog: dimensions to Kowalski that even
dialog: Brando hadn't investigated"...
dialog: Okay?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Terrific. You write beautifully
dialog: -.» Aren't you a little short to
dialog: play Stanley?
dialog: P.25
speaker_heading: ELLIOT ‘ 44
text: No one noticed. I stood on the CONT'D
dialog: poker table... What are you, 2 (3)
dialog: eritic?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: No, no. I love actors. As long
text: as they stay up on the stage where
dialog: they belong. Put 'em down in real
dialog: life and the whole world gets
dialog: screwed up... Well, I've had enough.
dialog: I'm nor getting kicked out of the
dialog: same lousy apartment twice. You
dialog: want your money back, go to Naples.
dialog: You want this apartment, buy me two
dialog: tickets to California... I'll give
dialog: you two minutes to think it over
dialog: before I yell "Rape!"
speaker_heading: ELLIOT (amazed) | '
dialog: Jesus! You are something! It's
dialog: a wonder Tony didn™t take a jab
dialog: in the Philippines.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: I hope you're thinking because
dialog: I'm counting.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: . _ ELLIOT
dialog: --_.. Wait a minute! Wait a minute,
dialog: willya?... What if we made a deal?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: What kind of deal?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT a _
dialog: I don't Imow. Let me think of ~
dialog: one... I just got here... Could
dialog: I have a cup of coffee?
speaker_heading: - PAULA
dialog: ~ No.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Don't be bashful. Just say what's
dialog: on your mind... Alright, here's
dialog: the situarion...
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: I know the situation.
dialog: The Goodbve Girl
scene_heading: Chgs. 2-16-77 P26
speaker_heading: : ELLIOT 44
dialog: Do you mind if I say it out loud,..Because CONT'D
dialog: I don't believe ic myself...here is the (4)
dialog: situation...you have no money but you have
dialog: my apartment...I've got a joo off- - Broadway
dialog: but no place to sleep...also, you've got a
dialog: daughter to think of...
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: I'm thinking of her right now...
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Do me the courtesy of hearing me out.
dialog: You're not the only one who can yell
dialog: 'Rape"..,Alright...We're in a bind...The
dialog: both of us...and I think the only practical
dialog: solution is to share this apartment.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: I accept.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: L accept. I may be stubborn but I'm not stupid.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: You mean it?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: I have a daughter who goes to school and I
dialog: have to start looking for a job, You have
dialog: a key. I'd have cto stand guard all day to
dialog: keep you out...You win. Get your bags.
dialog: You get the small bedroom.
text: He looks at her nonplussed as she heads for Lucy's bedroom,
text: He starts out to the hall. He opens the door and
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: What the hell am I getting myself into?
scene_heading: SMALL BEDROOM 45
text: This is the one that Lucy usually occupies. Paula opens
text: closet and starts to take Lucy's things ouc with some
text: degree of belligerence.
speaker_heading: LIVING ROOM 46
text: Elliot comes in with his bags and guitat case, looking around.
dialog: Where are
scene_heading: INT. - BEDROOM
text: Elliot crosses and opens the door.
text: The light is on.
dialog: wrong bedroom.
text: from the bed at him.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Oh. I'm sorry.
dialog: Hello.
dialog: You must be Lucy.
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
dialog: Chgs. 2-16-77
dialog: But it's the
dialog: Lucy Looks. up
dialog: I got the wrong
dialog: room...1'm Elliot.
speaker_heading: LUCY (scmewhat be-
dialog: wildered)
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Lucy
dialog: That's right.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: I'm Elliot Garfield...I'm moving
text: in the cther room.
dialog: Oh?...
speaker_heading: LUCY
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: - ~ I'm a friend of Tony ...Tony deForrest.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: That's nice.
dialog: Yeah?...
dialog: I see.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: I'm an actor, too.
dialog: Lucy
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Your mother knows.
speaker_heading: LUCY
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: So i guess I'll be seeing you around.
dialog: P.27
dialog: 46
speaker_heading: CORT'D
dialog: (2)
dialog: 47
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
scene_heading: Chgs. 2-16-77 P.28
speaker_heading: LUCY , 47
dialog: I guess so. CONT'D
dialog: (2)
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Well...goodnight...oh, gum.
text: He walks out of the room. We STAY on Lucy.
dialog: : Lucy
dialog: Jesus!
scene_heading: THE OTHER BEDROOM 48
text: Paula has put most of Lucy's things on the bed.
speaker_heading: _ ELLIOT -
dialog: I just met~Lucy- _.
speaker_heading: PAULA >
dialog: What did you tell her?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT m
dialog: That I'm moving in... She seemed . _
dialog: to take it in stride.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: You grow up fast in this epartment
dialog: .». The jonn is in there.
dialog: (she picks up clothes . :
dialog: from the bed) —
dialog: I'll get the rest of her things out
text: in the morning.
text: She starts out.
scene_heading: INT. - HALL OUTSIDE BATHROOM 48A
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: . Hey, listen, you think you can stop
dialog: - grinding your teeth for two minutes?
dialog: The noise is driving me crazy.
speaker_heading: PAULA
text: A drippy stranger from Chicago with a
text: wet beard and dirty sneakers moves
dialog: into my daughter's room and you
dialog: expect smiles?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Hey, you know, you're dynamite! I
dialog: love listening to you talk. I hate
dialog: Li g with you, but the conversation
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
scene_heading: . Chgs. 12-15-76 P.29
speaker_heading: PAULA 4BA
dialog: This is your room. I don't clean CONT'D
dialog: or make beds. You can use the bath- (2)
dialog: room or the kitchen when I'm not in
dialog: it and wash it up when you're through.
dialog: You pay for your own food, laundry,
dialog: linens and phone calls, I'd apprec~
dialog: iate some quiet between six and nine
dialog: every night because that's when Lucy
dialog: does her homework and I don't care
dialog: what you drink or smoke as long as
dialog: ic's not grass in frone of my ten
dialog: year old daughter. Now do we have
dialog: everything straight?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: No?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: I'm not crazy about the arrangements.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: You're nat?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Definitely not... I'm paying for
dialog: the rent, I'll make the rules.,.1
dialog: take showers every morning so don't
dialog: have your little panties drying on
dialog: the rods... I like to cook so I'll
dialog: use the kitchen whenever I damn
dialog: please... And I'm very careful about
dialog: my condiments so keep your salt and
dialog: pepper to yourself... I play the
text: guitar in the middle of the night
dialog: when I can't sleep and I meditate
dialog: first thing in the morning, complete
text: with chanting and burning incense,
dialog: so if you gotta move around, let's
dialog: have a little tiproeing.., Also T
dialog: sleep in the nude...buffo..,with the
dialog: windows open, winter, summer, rain or
dialog: snow, I also may have to ge to the
dialog: potty or to the fridge late at night
dialog: and I don't feel like putting on
dialog: jammies which I don't own in the first
dialog: place...So unless you're looking for a
dialog: quick thrill or your daughter
dialog: advanced education, I'd keep my door
dialog: closed... Those are my rules
dialog: (continued)
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
scene_heading: Chgs. 12-15-76 P.30
speaker_heading: ELLIOT (cont'd) . 4BA
dialog: and regulations, how does that : CONT'D
dialog: grab you? (3)
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: And if I say no?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: I have this lawyer acquaintance...
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: I accept.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT (nods)
dialog: We're movin' right along.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: I don't like it and I don't think
dialog: I like you.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Because I'm an actor?
speaker_heading: PAULA (nods)
dialog: Coupled with your personality.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: It's probably why we were thrown
dialog: together. One of God's little
dialog: jests... Now if you'll move your
dialog: Shapely little Zanny out of my
dialog: room, I'll umpack and dry my beard.
text: She starts out, about to close door. He smiles.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
text: Miss McFadden.
dialog: {as she stops)
dialog: You forgot to say goodnight.
speaker_heading: ” PAULA
dialog: I was working on 'goodbye'!
text: She exits and closes door hard.
scene_heading: PAULA'S. BEDROOM . 49
text: Paula comes in, obviously upset, and dumps Lucy's
text: things on a chair. Lucy watches her. Paula takes
text: off her robe.
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
dialog: Chgs. 2-16-77
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: How long is he gonna stay?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: As long as he lets us.
text: She gets into bed.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Go to the bathroom!
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: I don't have to go now,
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Then save it till the morning. It's
dialog: mot safe our there... Good night.
text: She turns her back to Lucy.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: No kiss?
dialog: PAULA (still angry)
dialog: I'm angry. I don't want to Lose
dialog: it...We're gonna need it.
scene_heading: INT. - BEDROOM HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: About three a.m... Suddenly we HEAR a guitar quietly
text: plucking away at a melody.
speaker_heading: PAULA'S VOICE
dialog: Cchhrrist:
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: (moans)
scene_heading: INT. - PAULA'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Listen to that. Did that guitar wake you?
dialog: Lucy
dialog: No. You did...
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: I'm sorry.
dialog: P.31
dialog: 49
speaker_heading: CONT'D
dialog: (2)
speaker_heading: 50 OUT
dialog: 51
dialog: *
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
scene_heading: Chgs. 12-15-76 P.32
speaker_heading: Lucy 5A
dialog: Is he gonna play that all night? CONT'D
dialog: 2
dialog: PAULA (getting out of
dialog: bed)
dialog: Put the pillow over your ears.
text: She puts on robe.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: I'Ll smother.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: It's better than that guitar.
text: She storms out of the room.
scene_heading: INT, - ELLIOT'S ROOM . 52
text: The room is dark, except for a small lamp. We are
text: on the wall and see the silhouette of Eliiot
text: strumming his guitar on the wall... We HEAR Paula
text: kmock on the door angrily... He continues to play
text: «.. The knocking gets louder, The strumming stops.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Who is it?
speaker_heading: PAULA'S VOICE
dialog: Very funny. Can I come in?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
text: The doot's open.
speaker_heading: PAULA'S VOICE
dialog: Are you decent?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: I am decent.
text: We are on the door. It opens and Paula storms in.
speaker_heading: PAULA -
dialog: Do you realize it's three o'clock in
dialog: the morning and my daughter has .to
dialog: get up at Jesus Christ, you're naked!
text: And she immediately turns her back. We go to Elliot,
text: who is inceed naked, except that he has the guitar
text: over the important parts of his body.
dialog: o
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
dialog: Chgs. 2-16-77
speaker_heading: PAULA (continuing)
dialog: I thought you said you were decent.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: I am decent. TI also happen to be naked,
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Lt have a growing daughter inside
dialog: who's not going to grow on two
dialog: hours' sleep a night... Do you have
dialog: to play that thing at this hour?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: L told you. It helps me to fall
dialog: asleep.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Have you ever tried pills?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: I don't know how to play pills:
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: It's not hard. You pop them in
dialog: your mouth and swallow.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: I am a person of health. I do not
dialog: put unnatural things in my body,
text: Music is one of nature's sedatives.
dialog: T£ you'll just Listen to it instead
dialog: of fighting it, we'll all be asleep
dialog: in five minutes.
text: He starts to strum and hum softly. .
speaker_heading: ELLIOT (continuing) .
dialog: «+.If it reallv bothers you, take
text: two sleeping pills and stick one in
dialog: each ear... La da da dee da da dee
dialog: dumm dum...
text: He continues to play. She storms out of room,
dialog: slamming the decor. ‘
scene_heading: INT. - PAULA'S BEDROOM
text: She comes in angrily, takes off her robe. We can
text: still HEAR the guitar strumming softly.
dialog: P.33
dialog: 52
speaker_heading: CONT'D
dialog: (2)
dialog: 53
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
dialog: Chgs. 2-16-77
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: He won't stop... I have a lawyer
dialog: acquaintance too, I can get.
dialog: _ (she gets into bed)
dialog: Just take deep breaths and count to
dialog: a hundred... I'm sorry, baby... I'm
dialog: really sorry you got caught in the
dialog: middle of all this... Lucy?... Lucy?
text: But Lucy is fast asleep. Paula pulls the blanket
text: over her head, as the GUITAR continues to strum..,
text: Then a few final, misstruck twangs -- and the guitar
text: STOPS. Paula stares over her blanket cover...
speaker_heading: PAULA (continuing)
dialog: +» eEverybedy buc me!
scene_heading: EXT. - PAULA'S BEDROOM WINDOW - DAWN
text: Pigeons are in the foreground on the window ledge.
text: We are LOOKING THROUGH Paula's window at Paula and
text: Lucy in bed. We suddenly HEAR the low, deep, reson-
text: ant sound of Elliot chanting his mantra in the other
text: room... “Om Mommanomma... Om Mommanomma... Om Momma~
text: nomma... etc." Paula's eyes open... So do Lucy's...
text: Lucy turns and they face each other.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: It sounds Like God!
text: (she looks at the clock)
dialog: «1. Five to six.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Boy, does Ged get up early.
text: The CHANTING continues. Lucy sniffs.
speaker_heading: LUCY (continuing)
text: ++. IT smell strawberries burning.
speaker_heading: PAULA (putting on
dialog: robe)
text: It's incense.
dialog: P,34
dialog: 53
speaker_heading: CONT'D «
dialog: (2)
speaker_heading: 54 OUT
dialog: 55
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
scene_heading: Chgs. 2-16-77 P.35
dialog: » Lucy 55
dialog: Whac's incense? CONT'D
dialog: (2)
speaker_heading: PAULA (grits teeth)
dialog: It's what I'm feeling right now.
text: “She crosses to door and opens it.
scene_heading: INT. - APARTMENT HALL - DAWN 56
text: We FOLLOW her down the hall to Elliot's bedroom. The
text: CHANTING becomes louder. She looks in, he is net in
text: his bedroom... She crosses into Living room.
scene_heading: INT. - LIVING ROOM - DAWN 57
text: Elliot is in the middle of the room on the floor. A
text: little vase with a rose and a burning stick of incense
text: in front of him. He is wearing a sweat suit and a
text: prayer shawl around his shoulders. He continues his
dialog: mantra...
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Om Mommenomna... Om Mommancmma...
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: You know it's five minutes to six?
dialog: (as he chants on)
dialog: .-. In the morning.
dialog: . (as he chants)
dialog: -». Isn't there a church where you *
dialog: ean do thar?
text: He holds up his hand for her to be quiet, he is finish-
dialog: ing. He does three more ''Cm Mommanommas", then one
text: final long "Omm", bows his head to the floor, sits up
text: and opens his eyes.
speaker_heading: PAULA (continuing)
dialog: You finished? Is that the last chorus?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: ee» I'm in a blissful state so don't
dialog: bug me. -
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Is this gonna be the regular routine?
text: Guitars act night and humming in the
dialog: morning? L've been in musicals chat
dialog: didn't have this much music.
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
scene_heading: Chgs, 2-16-77 P.36
text: He carefully starts to fold up his prayer shawl. 52
speaker_heading: - CONT'D
speaker_heading: ELLIOT (smiles) (2)
dialog: This morning I stare rehearsals for
dialog: my firse New York play. [It's probably
dialog: the most important day,of my life. My
dialog: entire career may depend on it. And
dialog: am I nervous, Miss McFadden? No, I
dialog: am not nervous. Because I have medi-
dialog: tated. I am calm. I am relaxed. [
dialog: am confident. You, on the other hand,
dialog: did not meditate. Therefore you are
dialog: a@ pain in the ass...
text: He heads into kitchen as she stands there glaring
dialog: after hin.
scene_heading: INT, - KITCHEN - DAY . * 58
text: He has his duffel bag on table and is taking out
text: bottles and jars and pucting them on the cable. He
text: gets a bowl from the cabinet as she walks, in.
speaker_heading: PAULA .
dialog: «s+ Today happens to be an important
dialog: day for me, too, Mr. Garfield. I'm
dialog: auditioning for a new musical this
dialog: morning.
text: He pours contents of jars and bottles into the bowl.
text: An ugly assortment.
speaker_heading: PAULA (continuing)
dialog: I slept seventeen minutes last night,
dialog: thanks to you, and with the bags If
dialog: have under my eyes, unless this musi-
dialog: cal is about little old ladies, I don't have
dialog: a chance in hell... are you listen-
dialog: ing to me? What is that slop you're
dialog: - putting in my dishes?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Wheat germ, soya, lecithin, necural
dialog: honey, everyching organic... My body
text: is a temple and 1 am worshipping it.
dialog: It's what gives me my vitality, energy
dialog: and wonderful disposition... 1 happen
dialog: to be sixty-three years old, Miss
dialog: McFadden, and look ac me... Can I fix
dialog: you a bowl?
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
dialog: Chgs. 1-31+77
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: This isn't going to work out, you
dialog: know. I mean, I really don't know
dialog: you well enough to truly dislike
dialog: you, bute you're just too weird to
dialog: live with...
text: He is eating with a big spoon.
speaker_heading: PAULA (continuing)
dialog: «+. Why don'tec you try to find yourself
dialog: another place and I'll pay you back your
dialog: six hundred dollars once I get a job.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: You're forgetting this is my apart-
dialog: ment. You're Living here on an
dialog: Elliot Garfield grant... You really
dialog: oughe to try this. It has whole
dialog: bran in it... My feeling is all your
dialog: problems come from irregularity...
text: He smiles and takes another spoonful.
scene_heading: EXT. - STAGE DOOR - SHUBERT ALLEY - DAY
text: About TWO DOZEN DANCERS, male and Female, are wait
text: ing in the alleyway to be called.
text: Paula and Donna are SEEN coming into che alley. A
text: look of disappointment when they see the hordes in
text: front of them.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Oh, no.
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: - Jesus! Every kid in New York with
text: ten toes is here.
speaker_heading: PAUL A
dialog: They're so young...Aren't they too
dialog: young to work in the theater?
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: Listen, we have something these kids
dialog: can'e buy, Experience!
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: “So hew come I worked so much when I
dialog: was a kid?
text: Donna looks at her with resignation.
dialog: P.37
dialog: 58
dialog: cout 's
dialog: (2)
dialog: '
dialog: 59 *
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
scene_heading: Chgs. 12-15-76 P.38
scene_heading: INT. + THEATER - ON STAGE 60
text: THREE MALE DANCERS and THREE FEMALE DANCERS in jeans,
text: leotards, etc., are being put through their paces by
text: a CHOREOGRAPHER and his ASSISTANT. A PIANO PLAYS off
text: to the side. The routine is rigorous and demanding,
text: The dancers all seem to be in their early twenties,
text: some even younger.
text: BACKSTAGE IN THE WINGS 61
text: Paula, now in her leotards, is warming up, doing
dialog: some bends. So are a half dozen other kids. Denna,
text: new in warm-up suit, comes up behind Paula and taps
text: her on the shoulder.
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: Paula?
speaker_heading: PAULA (gasps)
dialog: What?
text: (turns, sees Denna, sighs)
dialog: Oh, God, you scared me. I thoughe
dialog: Lt was my turn.
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: How do you feel?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: So old. I saw one girl before who
dialog: goes to Lucy's school.
text: The group on stage finishes.
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT
dialog: «+eRobert DeLurie, Jamie Fletcher,
dialog: Paul Kaiser, Cynthia Robbins, Donna
text: Douglas and Paula McFadden, on stage,
dialog: please.
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: Think positive,
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Mention it to my legs.
text: They all walk on stage.
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT
dialog: Two rews, please. Girls in the
dialog: front.
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
scene_heading: Chgs. 12-15-76 P.39
text: They make two rows, girls in the front. In the 61
text: second row of the theater sits the director-chor- CONT'D
dialog: eographer. His name is RONNIE. (2)
speaker_heading: RONNIE ’
dialog: Paula? Is that you, Paula?
dialog: PAULA (squints out
dialog: front)
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Ronnie Burns.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Oh. Hi, Ronnie.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: I thought you gave all of this up.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: I did. I just picked the wrong one
dialog: to give it up for.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: You been keeping in shape?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Oh, listen. Terrific.
speaker_heading: RONNIE _
dialog: You wanna show me?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Not unless I can take a written test.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Okay, Eddie.
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT
dialog: Just a few basic impossible steps,
dialog: kids, so pay attencion...
text: He shows them 2 short routine. And then leads them
text: into it. They all seem to pick it up quickly in-
text: eluding Paula. She just can't seem to keep up with
text: the others. It goes more quickly and more vigor-
text: ously. They finish. Paula is exhausted. -
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT (continuing)
dialog: One second, please.
text: He crosses dam to stage apron. He consults with
text: Ronnie, nods.
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
scene_heading: ‘ Chgs. 12-15-76 , P.40
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT (continuing; 61
dialog: checks his board) CONT'D
dialog: ...Robert DeLurie and Cynthia (3)
dialog: Robbins, please wait. The rest of
dialog: you, thank you for coming in.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: A little rusty, Paula, but not bad.
dialog: My problem is, I need 'em very young.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Young? Oh, okay... L'Ll work on ic.
text: She gasps breathlessly and walks off.
scene_heading: INT. + OFF BROADWAY THEATER - LOWER EAST SIDE - DAY 62
text: It is a tiny, two hundred and fifty seat theater.
text: Actually, it is the basement of a church.
text: On stage, a group of actors sit in a semi-circle
text: facing a table behind which sits the director.
text: They all have paper back copies of their scripts.
text: "Richard ILI". The director, MARK BODINE, is in
text: his mid-thirties, unkempt, thick glasses, very
dialog: scholarly and genuinely obnoxious. If you were an
dialog: actor, he is the last person you would want to work
text: with. He knows it all. Elliot sits on the end,
text: listening intently. We pick up the session mid-way.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: «.Now then, what about Richard?...
dialog: The question is, and this may seem
dialog: perfunctory, was Richard actually
dialog: deformed? Historically, we know
dialog: ‘that he was born with a severe curv-
dialog: ature of the spine, giving the im-
dialog: pression that he was hunch backed.
dialog: There was some paralysis of the
dialog: left hand and right Foot... Olivier
dialog: chose right hand and left foot, God
dialog: only knows why..,and nerve damage
text: to the right cheek and eyelids...
dialog: I mean, the man was your basic gimp,
dialog: let's face it. Which brings us,
dialog: bless the wise and rich Mrs.
dialog: Estelle Morganweiss, to this pro-
dialog: duction. Is that how we want to
dialog: play Richard?... If you do, this
dialog: director would prefer to do a six
dialog: week scint on the Sonny and Cher
dialog: show... Richard the Third was a
dialog: flaming homosexual... So was
dialog: (continued)
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
scene_heading: Chgs. 12-15-76 . P.4L
speaker_heading: MARK (cont'd) - 62
dialog: Shakespeare for that matter, but that CONT'D
dialog: angry crowd at the Globe theater were (2)
dialog: not going to put down two shillings
text: to see a bunch of pansies jumping
dialog: around the stage. No, kids, it was
dialog: society that crippled Richard and not
dialog: childbirth. I mean read your text.
dialog: He sent those two cute young boys up
dialog: to the tower and no one ever saw them
dialog: again. We know why, don't we?...What
dialog: I want to do is strip Richard bare --
dialog: metaphorically. Let's get rid of the
dialog: hump. Let's get rid of the twisted
text: extremities and show him as he would
dialog: be today...Tae Queen who wanted to be
dialog: King! .
text: The company all look at each other, mumbling. Elliot
text: seems the most concerned. He raises his hand.
speaker_heading: MARK (continuing)
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Question...Are you serious?
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: What's your objection, Elliot?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Well, number one, I have to play it.
dialog: Number two, I like the hump and the
dialog: club foot. And number three, I've
dialog: been working on it for three months.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Ah! Well, I respect that...That's
dialog: why we're here, to exchange ideas...
dialog: Tell me, how do you see Richard?
dialog: - Mr. Macho, is that it?
dialog: P.d2
speaker_heading: ELLIOT 62
dialog: I don't think he should be a middle CONT'D
dialog: line backer for the Chicago Bears, (3)
dialog: but let's not toss away one of his
dialog: prime motivations. °
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Re wants to hump Lady Anne.
speaker_heading: MARK (smirks)
dialog: -+-I've heard that before!...2 don't
dialog: want to press DbUt let's just try it
dialog: my way...Why don't we read through
dialog: the first act?...Pleasel...Trust me.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT (sighs)
dialog: «++How far off the diving board do
dialog: you want me to go?
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Well, don't give me Bette Midler but
dialog: let's not be afraid to be bold.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT (neds)
dialog: Bold.
text: They open their books.
speaker_heading: STAGE MANAGER
dialog: Act One, Scene One, Enter Richard,
dialog: Duke of Gloucester.
text: All eves turn towards Elliot. He feels the pressure.
text: He tries to prepare, he coughs, he squirms, then he
text: plunges in...
scene_heading: . ELLIOT -
dialog: ~ Now is--~~--Now----Now is...Now is---
dialog: ----Can we take a Five minute break?
text: He throws his book up in the air and sinks in his seat.
scene_heading: INT. PAULA'S BEDROOM - NIGHT 63
text: Paula and Lucy in pajamas. Paula is lying flat on
text: the floor, Lucy sits on Paula's ankles, eating an
text: apple and studying from a french book. Paula is
text: struggling with sitting up exercises.
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
scene_heading: Chgs. 12-15-76 P.43
speaker_heading: PAULA 63
dialog: «..Thirty-seven...thirty-eight... CONT'D
dialog: thirty-nine... Fo--Forty... (2)
text: She collapses on her back, winded.
speaker_heading: PAULA (continuing)
dialog: That’s all. I can't deo anymore.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Sixty. You said sixty.
speaker_heading: PAULA (gasping)
text: The muscles are gone. I can't dance.
dialog: It was a dumb idea. I'm gonna put
dialog: you up for adoption...Get me a coke.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Uh-uh. Fattening.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Get me the coke, sweetheart. Mother
dialog: doesn't want to beat the crap out of
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: FRONT DOOR 64
text: It opens. Elliot enters. A young, attractive girl
text: behind him. We saw her at the first reading of the
text: play. He smiles and curtsies.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Enter, sweet Anne.
text: The girl, RHONDA, enters, looks around.
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: . You live alone?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT (closing door)
dialog: Yes. Fortunately the other people
dialog: who live here alsa live alone...
dialog: Let me have your coat.
text: He takes off her coat. Good figure.
speaker_heading: 65 OUT
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
scene_heading: Chgs. 2-16-77 PLG4
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN 66
text: She is in kitchen. She opens refrig and takes out
text: two cokes. Elliot enters. Lucy turns and looks
text: ‘at him, then at the attractive girl behind him.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Hi, Lucy, this is Rhonda. Rhonda,
dialog: Lucy. Lucy, Rhonda, Rhonda-Lucy!
text: He takes two apples from refrig.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: Hello.
text: Elliot grabs two glasses.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Whatcha doin'?
dialog: Lucy (still looking
dialog: at Rhonda)
text: Sitting on my mother.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Sounds like fun... Try to keep it
dialog: down. Rhonda and I will be working
dialog: in my bedroom.
speaker_heading: RHONDA (smiles)
dialog: Goodnight.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Goodnight.
text: Elliot steers Rhonda into his bedroom and closes
text: the door. Lucy stares after them.
dialog: Lucy (continuing)
dialog: ee-ZE'll betl
scene_heading: INT. - BATHROOM 67
text: Paula is in the tub taking a bath. A towel wrapped around
text: her head to protect her hair. The door opens and Lucy
text: enters with the cokes.
dialog: PAULA ; .
dialog: I'm in here, I heard voices. Was that him?
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
dialog: Chgs. 2-16-77
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Uh-huh. He took two apples.
text: She hands Paula a coke, then picks up her French
text: book, and sits on the clothes hagper.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Did you write it down?
dialog: Lucy
dialog: I didn't have a pencil.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: I told you, write everything down.
dialog: If he takes a glass of water, write
dialog: it down. This isn't a hotel.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: vee-Why don't you like him?
speaker_heading: PAULA .
dialog: Who invited him? That's why I don't
dialog: like him. |
dialog: Lucy
dialog: If he was a lawyer or a doctor in-
dialog: stead of an actor would you Like him?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: I wouldn't like him if I liked him...
dialog: he grates on me...
dialog: Lucy
dialog: I think he's kinda cute... He reminds
dialog: me of a dog that nobody wants. .
speaker_heading: : PAULA
dialog: You are never to think he's cute...
dialog: Never!... What'd he take two apples
dialog: for?
dialog: Lucy (into her book)
text: One for him, one for her.
text: Paula turns her head.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: What her?
dialog: Lucy
dialog: He's got a girl in there.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: P.45
dialog: 67
speaker_heading: CONT'D *
dialog: (2)
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
dialog: Chgs. 12-15-76
dialog: PAULA (getting out of
dialog: the tub)
dialog: -In_my house?... He's got a girl
dialog: in_the bedroom?? Why didn't you
dialog: say something?
dialog: Lucy .
dialog: I'm sorry. You want me to write
dialog: girls down too?
text: Paula grabs her robe and storms out.
scene_heading: DOOR TO ELLIOT'S BEDRCOM
text: Paula's fist bangs on the door. The door opens.
text: Elliot stands there, coke in his hand. Sehind hin,
text: sitting on his bed, is Rhonda.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: You knocked?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Can I speak to you in private?
speaker_heading: - ELLIOT
dialog: Gee, it’s a bad time. How about
dialog: at breakfast?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Ts that a girl in there?
text: ELLIOT (turns and looks
dialog: back to Rhonda)
dialog: . Jesus, I hope so.
speaker_heading: PAULA (softly)
dialog: Not in my house. I won't put
dialog: - Up with this sort of thing.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: I don't understand. You have a girl
dialog: in your room and I don't object.
dialog: (he turns to Rhonda)
dialog: Rhonda, this is Miss McFadden. Mac
dialog: lives just down the bedroom a piece...
dialog: Miss McFadden, this is Rhonda Fontana,
dialog: a gifted and rising young actress...
dialog: Don't rise!
speaker_heading: RHONDA (from the bed)
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: P.46
dialog: 67
speaker_heading: CONT'D
dialog: {3)
dialog: 68
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
dialog: Chgs. 2-16-77
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Hello.
dialog: (to Elliot) ;
dialog: Can we talk? This is serious.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Sure. Rhonda, take a break.
text: Elliot nods, smiles at Rhonda, then steps out into
text: the hall, closing the decor behind him.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Out! .
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Out?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Her -- outl!... They have motels for
dialog: that sort of activity... I have an
dialog: impressionable ten-year~old daughter
dialog: in there and this is not one of the
dialog: impressions I want her picking un...
dialog: Now you get that rising young actress
dialog: the hell out of there!
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: as. Out of where? Out of my rented
dialog: apartment that you're staying in cut
dialog: of the kindness of my heart? I will
dialog: bring home anyone or anything I choose,
dialog: including a one-eyed Esiscopalian kang~-
dialog: aroo, if that be my kinky inclination...
dialog: As to what's going on in there, we hap-
text: pen to be rehearsing Act One, Scene Four
dialog: from Richard the Third... IT have a cretin
dialog: from Mars directing this play and I need
dialog: all the extra work I can get...But how-
dialog: ever, if I choose to attempt to have
dialog: carnal knowledge of that gorgeous bod,
dialog: that will be my problem, her option and
dialog: none of your beeswax!
dialog: (he starts back to door)
dialog: - "And, just for the record, what was little
dialog: Luéy's impression of what was going on
text: in Momma's bedroom with Tony "love ‘em and
dialog: and leave ‘em!’ DeForrest?...Tura out
dialog: the lights, willya. We're running up
dialog: a hell of a bill.
text: He turns end goes back into his room, closing door
text: behind him. The tears start to come into Paula's
dialog: eyes...
speaker_heading: P47
dialog: 68
speaker_heading: CONT'D
dialog: (2)
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
scene_heading: Chgs. 12-15-76 . P.48
scene_heading: INT. - BEDROOM HALLWAY - NIGHT 69
text: Lucy opens the bedroom door. Paula goes into the
text: kitchen and purposefully clatters doors and dishes
dialog: as she gets milk and cookies. +
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: I'm fine. Go to sleep.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: ..-Are you upset because they're
dialog: messing around in there?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: They are not messing around...
dialog: They're doing Act One, Scene Four
dialog: from Richard The Third...Did it
dialog: ever bother you about Tony and me?...
dialog: I mean not being married and Living
dialog: together.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: No...
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: I wanted to get married, you know.
dialog: But he couldn't gec a divorce.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: That's okay.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: I just wanted to know how you felt...
dialog: (she pats Lucy)
dialog: Goodnight, angel.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: - "Night.
text: And suddenly we HEAR the guitar playing in the next
text: bedroom. Softly and romancically.
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
scene_heading: Chgs. 3-23-77 P.4g
speaker_heading: LUCY (continuing) 69
dialog: Is that song from Richard the Third? a
dialog: 2)
scene_heading: INT. DANCE CLASS - DAY , : 70 |
text: Paula is back at the grind trying desperately to get
text: into shape. Donna Douglas is next to her. The
dialog: instructor is merciless today both on the professionals
text: and the amateurs. Finally, a break, They fall on
text: backs, exhausted.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Oh, please God, let me be hit by a
text: rich man in a Rolls-Royce.
speaker_heading: . DONNA
dialog: I think I can swing it.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: No, I'm serious.
dialog: (speaks softly)
dialog: I mean it's funny you should say that.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: What'd I say?
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: There's an outside chance I can get
dialog: us both a job at the Auto Show at
dialog: the Coliseum. It's only two weeks
dialog: work buc the money's not bad,
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Any money's not bad. What do we
dialog: ave to do?
speaker_heading: - DONNA
dialog: Just look pretty, point to the cars *
dialog: and say they're terrific.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: I can do that. JI can point and say,
dialog: "Terrific", *
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: This friend of mine will let me know
dialog: this weekend. Just keep it quiet. *
dialog: re
dialog: The Gogdbye Girl
dialog: Chgs. 3-23-77
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: What a nice person you are. You
dialog: didn't have to tell me.
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: Well, I feel kinda related. I lived
dialog: with Bobby all last year.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: Bobby Kulik. Your ex-husband.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Oh! I'm sorry... The marriage
dialog: slipped my mind.
scene_heading: INT. OFF BROADWAY THEATER - DAY
text: A rehearsal of Richard The Third is in progress...
text: The actors are up on their feet, blocking. Rhonda,
text: as Lady Anne, is addressing two coffin bearers...
speaker_heading: LADY ANNE
dialog: ...1£ ever he have wife, let her be
dialog: made
dialog: More miserable by the death of him
dialog: Than I am made by my young Lord and
dialog: thee!
dialog: Come, now towards Chertsey with your
dialog: holy Load.
dialog: Taken from Paul's to be interred
dialog: there,
dialog: And still, as you are weary of the
dialog: weight, rest you, whiles I lament
dialog: King Henry's corse...
text: Elliot, as Richard, enters, without hump and deformity
text: ...-but he is as gay as a day in May.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Stay, you that bear the corse, and
text: set it down.
speaker_heading: LADY ANNE
dialog: What black magician conjures up this
dialog: fiend to stop devoted charitable
dialog: deeds?
speaker_heading: P.50
dialog: 70
speaker_heading: CONT'D
dialog: (2)
dialog: 71
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
scene_heading: Chgs. 1-31-77 P.S2
speaker_heading: ELLIOT 71
text: Villains, set down the corse; or by CONT’ a
dialog: Saint Paul, I'Ll make a corse of (2)
text: him that disobeys.
dialog: s
speaker_heading: FIRST GENTLEMAN
dialog: My Lord, stand back, and let the
dialog: coffin pass.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT .
dialog: Unmannered dog! Stand thou, when I
dialog: command. Advance thy halberd higher
dialog: than my breast, or by Sainc Paul,
dialog: I'll strike thee to my foot...
dialog: (withouc changing
dialog: character, he says)
dialog: My careereth is over. I am making
dialog: a horseth asseth of myselfeth.
speaker_heading: LADY ANNE
dialog: Huh? .
dialog: ELLIOT (turns to director)-
dialog: Mark, IL beg you. If you want this
dialog: kind of performance, let ma play
dialog: Lady Anne.
scene_heading: EXT, - WOOSTER STREET THEATRE - DAY FIA
dialog: we
text: The director puts his arm around Ellior,.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: ».-You're unhappy, Elliot?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Unhappy? No, not unhappy. Freakin’
text: petrified. The critics will crucify
dialog: . me and the Gay Liberation are gonna
dialog: hang me from Shakespeare's statue by
dialog: my genitalia...You gotta help me, Mark.
speaker_heading: MARK (softly)
dialog: What do you want, Elliot?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: LT want my hump back. I want my club
dialog: foot. I want a little paralysis in
dialog: my right hand. Ic doesn't nave ta
dialog: be a lot. Two stiff fingers...1
dialog: need motivation,
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
scene_heading: Chgs. 12-15-76 P.52
speaker_heading: MARK 71A
dialog: I see...You want to play it safe. CONT'D
dialog: You want to give us your standard, (2)
dialog: conventional Richard. I can't argue
dialog: with that, Elliot. They've been
dialog: doing it that way for four hundred
dialog: years.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT .
dialog: Listen, what do I know? I'm lucky
dialog: I got the part. I'm from Chicago,
dialog: we act differently out cthere...we
dialog: try to do the plays as written. If
dialog: that doesn't go down in New York,
dialog: terrific. I respect you. You ve
dialog: done off- pbrosdway,, IT haven't. I'a
dialog: not a quitter. I'll play Richard
dialog: like Tatum O'Neal if you want...but
dialog: don't Let me look foolish out there.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: And you feel foolish?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: I feel like an asshole. I passed
text: ‘foolish’ on Tuesday.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: We have to trust each other, Elliot.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: I do.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: I was never going to let you do it
dialog: like that.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Thank God!
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: But you do see where I'm heading?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: I'm trying, Mark.
speaker_heading: MARK .
dialog: Richard was gay, there's no doubt
dialog: about that. But let's use that as
dialog: the subtext. We'll keep it but now
dialog: we can put back the hump and the
dialog: club foot.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: And the twisted fingers?
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
scene_heading: Chgs. 2-16-77 P.53
speaker_heading: MARK TIA
dialog: If you like them. or
dialog: 3
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: I love them. Crazy about ‘em.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Then use them, baby...And then you'll
dialog: see what I'm after...Try it my way,
dialog: bubula, I'll never let you go wrong.
text: The director gives Elliot a reassuring hug.
scene_heading: INT. - OFF-BROADWAY THEATER 71B
speaker_heading: MARK (continuing)
dialog: .«sRhonda, take it from your last
text: line before Richard's entrance...
text: Rhonda goes back to her original mark.
scene_heading: LADY ANNE .
dialog: ..-Rest you, whiles I lament King
dialog: Henry's corse...
text: Elliot re-enters as Richard, all hunched over, drag-
text: ging his clubbed foot and his right hand hanging
text: dead at his side...This, coupled with his gay manner,
dialog: preseats us a very weird Richard indeed.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Stay, you that bear the corse, and
dialog: set it down...
text: Lady Anne stares at him in amazement and confusion.
scene_heading: A SUPERMARKET - DAY 72
text: Paula comes down the aisle pushing a partially filled
text: basket. Coming down the same aisle on the opposite
text: side is Ellicr, also with a few items in his basket.
text: They both stop side-by-side looking up at the shelves.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Excuse me, but haven't we met in
dialog: our apartment?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Please. I enjoy shopping. Don't
dialog: spoil this for me too.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Relax...We don't have to fight till
dialog: we get home.
text: he leoks at his long list)
dialog: We need scap, darling.
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
scene_heading: Chgs. 2-16-77 P.54
speaker_heading: PAULA 72
dialog: Not in my bachroom, ay?
dialog: 2)
text: She puts other items in her basket.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT .
dialog: Look,this is silly. #%f£ you buy what
dialog: you need and I buy what I need, we
dialog: could blow a lot of bread buying the
dialog: same things...including bread...Why
dialog: don't we have one shopping list and
dialog: then split up the bill?
text: PAULA (looks at him)
dialog: On what items?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Food, kitchen and bathroom cleansers,
dialog: everything except any male and
dialog: feminine doo-dads. There, you go
dialog: your way and I'll go mine.
speaker_heading: PAULA ,
dialog: And we split everything?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT oo
dialog: Everything...1'1l pay my full on
dialog: third share.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: One third??!
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: I'm not the one with a daughtcer.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: What's the matter? Didn't Lady Anne
dialog: wash her hands the other night?
dialog: . ELLIOT (smiles)
dialog: +e-Quick! Quick! I love a quick
dialog: girl., Okay. Down the middle.
text: He starts to taxe items out of her basket and puts
dialog: them in his.
scene_heading: EXT, - STREET - LIQUOR STORE - DAY : 73
text: Paula and Elliot heading towards their house, each
text: carrying a bundle of groceries. They pess a liquor
dialog: Store...
dialog: ELLIOT (points to liquor store)
dialog: Chianti! Can't have Spaghetti
text: Marinara without a little vino.
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
scene_heading: Chgs. 1-11-77 P.55
dialog: PAULA (continues walking) 73
dialog: You can on my budget. a
dialog: 2
dialog: ELLIOT (stops her)
dialog: Please. I'll blow for the booze.
dialog: Short of stature but not tight of
dialog: pocket...1'll be right out.
text: She waits there as Elliot enters the store. She
text: looks at window display still carrying her grocery
text: bag and her shoulder strap purse.
scene_heading: INT, LIOUOR STORE - DAY : 74
speaker_heading: SALESMAN
dialog: Can I help you?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: A bottle of your finest cheap
dialog: Chianti, please.
text: Through the window we see a car stop in, front of the
text: gtore and a man gets out, rushes over and grabs
text: Paula's shoulder bag...She struggles with him...
dialog: Elliot nor Salesman see any of this.
speaker_heading: SALESMAN
dialog: I have a nice California Red for a
dialog: dollar eighty.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Nothing from Kansas?
scene_heading: EXT. STORE - DAY 75 *
text: Elliot comes out, grocery bag in one hand, paper bag
dialog: ef Chianti in the other.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT (smiles)
dialog: Okay.
text: He looks at Paula. She is flat up against the
text: building, her grocery beg has fallen to the ground,
text: split open and spilled all over. She seems: to be
text: in shock. She is trying to cry but no tears come
text: out, Mostly gasping for air.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: What is it? Whec's wrong?
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
scene_heading: Chgs. 12-15-76 P.56
speaker_heading: . PAULA 75
dialog: My bag! They took my bag! air"
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Who did?
speaker_heading: PAULA (points to car)
text: In the car. There were two of them.
speaker_heading: SHOT OF CAR 76
text: speeding down the block.
text: BACK TO SCENE 77>
speaker_heading: PAULA
text: One jumped out and grabbed my bag.
dialog: I had everything in it.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Jesus!...Dirty bastards!
dialog: Aren't en 2
dialog: n't you going to go after them?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: After 2 speeding car?
speaker_heading: PAULA (furious)
dialog: Thanks! Thanks a lot!
text: She bends down and starts to pick up her spilled groceries.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: They could be armed! What do you want
dialog: me to do, fight it out with a can of
dialog: .° tomato paste?
text: She grabs can away from him.
dialog: PAULA (on hands and knees)
dialog: Leave me alone. Just leave me alone!
text: He locks at her angrily, mumbling under his breath.
scene_heading: EXT. - 78th STREET 77h
text: Ten minutes later...Paula is struggling with her
text: groceries, angrily and tearfully heading for their
text: house. Elliot is a step behind her.
dialog: . The Goodbye Girl
scene_heading: Chgs. 12-15-76 P.57
speaker_heading: ELLIOT TIA
dialog: I still think you ought to go to the CONT'D
dialog: police and report it...I could call (2)
dialog: if you want.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: I wish you were that helpful while I
dialog: was being robbed.
dialog: to
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: What do you want from me? I'm not a
dialog: German Shepherd!
text: She walks faster. He stares at her, fuming.
text: Suddenly a car goes by and she looks at it...
speaker_heading: PAULA .
dialog: Oh, my God! It's them! IT'S THEM!!
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: The one's who took my bag!
dialog: (She starts to run)
dialog: STOP THEM! Somebody stop them!
text: She takes off after the car, struggling to hold on to
text: her groceries. Elliot looks after her, incredulous.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: What is this, Police Woman??
text: He suddenly takes off after the car, which is heading
text: .down the block. Elliot passes Paula, running at top
dialog: speed. -
speaker_heading: ELLIOT (to Paula)
dialog: Get out of my way!...I'm gonna get a
dialog: bullet right between my goddamn eyes!
text: A car on the corner is stopped at a red light, stopping
text: the progress of the thieves’ car. Elliot is able to
text: catch up to them. Two men.in the front seat, one in
text: the back, Elliot opens the door of the front seat.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Alright, give it to me. Gimme her bag!
dialog: Come on, goddamnit, I'm not afraid of
dialog: you guys, get out of the car! Move!
dialog: 
text: Driver looks at Elliot, then at his friend. Amused.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Okay. We surrender.
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
scene_heading: Chgs. 12-15-76 P.S7A
speaker_heading: 2ND MAN TTA
dialog: Piss off, piss head! ayr'e
dialog: DRIVER (to man in back)
dialog: Grab him, Cookie. Let's cake him.
text: The man in the back starts to open his door. Elliorc
text: backs off.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Alright, don't get excited. I was
dialog: just asking. I was just asking!
text: The car drives off leaving Elliot standing alone in
text: the street. A number of kids, who had been watching,
text: look at Elliot with amusement.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT (cont'd)
dialog: ..»Freaking humiliating!
text: Back to Paula. She is on the ground again, her bag
text: having split open. She is picking up her articles
dialog: once more.
dialog: PAULA (starting to ery)
dialog: I had all my money in there...Every~
dialog: thing! My last dollar in the world.
dialog: +«-You and your goddamn Chianti...
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: What's Chianti got to do with ict!..
dialog: You could at least thank me for risk-
dialog: ing my life for you.
text: He gets down and starts to help her pick up things...
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Did you get my bag back? No! So
dialog: why should I thank you? Why do
dialog: T have such lousy Luck every time
dialog: - an actor comes into my life...I
dialog: hate all of you!..
text: He leans over to pick up a can she is reaching for.
text: She pushes him away.
speaker_heading: PAULA (cont'd)
dialog: Get away from me! Get away!
text: She grabs what she can in her arms and starts down
text: the block. He starts after her.
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
scene_heading: Chgs. 2-16-77 P.58
scene_heading: . . ELLIOT TIA
dialog: I really don't think they rabbed her CONT'D «*
dialog: because I'm an actor! &)
scene_heading: INT, KITCHEN - NIGHT 73
text: The three of them are seated around the cable.
text: Lucy is eating her spaghecti voraciously. Ellior
text: is drinking his wine and Paula, deep in dejectad
text: thought, sits back twirling 4 fork into her cold
text: uneaten food. Two candles burn on the table, Elliot
text: is talking animatedly to Lucy.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: -.-then after I got out of Northwestern,
dialog: I got my first summer job in Lake Michi-
dialog: gan. Ten plays in ten weeks. Worked
dialog: like a dog. 1 had hepatitis and the
dialog: mumps and never knew it. IL thought I
text: was just getting yellow and far.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Which plays?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT ~
dialog: Well, let's see...First play was
dialog: "Inherit The Wind'...I played the
dialog: reporter.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Gene Kelly did it in the movie.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Check! ..Nice job but maybe didna'e
dialog: dig as deep as I did, who knows?
dialog: Then I did "Cyrano...
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Jose Ferrer...I saw it last week on
dialog: Channel Nine.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: I used half the nose and got twice
dialog: the Laughs. Te's style that counts,
dialog: not the make-up.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Boy, you don't think much of yourself,
dialog: do you?
dialog: P.59
speaker_heading: ELLIOT . 78
dialog: Pound for pound, I got the biggest CONT'D
dialog: ego this side of St. Louis. In this (2)
dialog: business, you better believe in your-
dialog: self...otherwise they*1Ll chop you up
dialog: and serve you for an onion dip...
dialog: What else?) I was a dise jockey for a
dialog: year. No good. You gotta see my face
dialog: to appreciate the work...Then I taught
dialog: drama at Duluth Junior College for one
dialog: semester.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: You taught drama? Far out!
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Very far out. Near Canada. T had
dialog: twelve students and I flunked seven
dialog: ef them. I have very high standards...
dialog: Needless to say, they canned me.
text: He has kept glancing at the silant Paula all during
text: his conversation, He picks up the wine bottle and
text: offers it to her.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT (continuing; to
dialog: »Paula)
dialog: A little more wine?
text: She just stares into her plate.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT (continuing)
dialog: Nienti on the Chianti.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Hey, that's good. You're terrific
dialog: with words. You always. pick the
dialog: right ones.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Words are the canvas of the actor,
text: His lips are his brushes and his
text: tongue, the colors of the spectrum.
dialog: And when he speaks, he paints portraits...
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Classy!...You're very classy,
speaker_heading: ELLIOT (to Paula)
dialog: The kid's got a good eye.
speaker_heading: P.60
dialog: Lucy 78
dialog: Not like Tony...He wasn't a classy CONT'p
dialog: actor...He was just -- you know -- (3)
dialog: sexy. :
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: And you don't find me sexy?
speaker_heading: LUCY (Laughs)
dialog: Are you kidding?...
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: What do you know? You're ten years
dialog: old. In three years, I'll drive you
dialog: out of your bird.
text: Paula throws down her napkin and gets up.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Okay, it's after nine. Do your home-
dialog: work.
text: She picks up some dishes and heads for the sink.
dialog: Lucy
text: Five more minutes.
dialog: (to Elliot)
dialog: Talk more...We never have good
text: talking like this at dinner.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Then I did "Midsummer Night's Dream"
dialog: on public television in Chicago...1
dialog: did the part Mickey Rooney did in the
dialog: movie.
dialog: (points to her)
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Puck!
speaker_heading: - ELLIOT
dialog: Right on!...Then I got a call from
dialog: this lady producer in New York who
dialog: saw it and asked me to come and do
dialog: Richard the Third off Broadway...well,
dialog: off-off-off-off! | ,
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Are we invited. to the opening?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: You really wanna come?.,.Both of you?...
dialog: Tuesday night.
dialog: PAULA (at the sink)
text: Tuesday's a school night.
speaker_heading: P.6L
speaker_heading: LUCY (to Paula) 78
dialog: We wenc to Tonv's opening on a CONT'D
dialog: school night. (4)
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: T said, "no".
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Ah, shit -- shoot! Sorry!
text: Paula glares at her.
speaker_heading: LUCY (continuing; to
dialog: Elliot)
dialog: Ichink I'm in trouble. G'night.
text: She gets up, puts her dishes in the sink and heads for
text: her bedroom. There is a long silence in the kitchen.
speaker_heading: . PAULA
dialog: .. Would you be interested in my
dialog: bedroom?
text: Elliot locks around.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: «seAre you talking to me?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: You can have the big bedroom for an
dialog: extra fifty dollars a month. Payable
dialog: right now in cash. We'll move into
dialog: yours in the morning.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: You mean a rent increase fer getting
dialog: what I should have gotten what I dida't
dialog: get in the firse place? Ne, thank you.
speaker_heading: . 1 PAULA
dialog: «++Would you be interested in lending
dialog: me fifty dollars? I'll either pay
dialog: you seven and a half per cent interest
dialog: or do your laundry. Take your pick.
speaker_heading: . ELLIOT
dialog: They really cleaned you out, heh?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Everyone from here to Italy.
dialog: ul
dialog: P.62
dialog: ELLIOT (takes bills out 73
dialog: of his pocket) CONT’
dialog: I have twenty-eight dollars and change... (5)
dialog: I'LL splic it withswyou...And starting
dialog: with opening night, I get two hundred
dialog: and forty dellars a week...I'll make
dialog: you an offer...L'll pay all the living
dialog: expenses until you get yourself a job...
dialog: and I'll do my own laundry...
speaker_heading: PAULA (suspicious)
dialog: I see...And what do you get?
dialog: ELLIOT (locks at her)
dialog: +.All you bave to do is -- be nice
dialog: to ne!
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: You go to hell!
text: Furiously, she throws down the scrubbing brush and
text: storms out of the room into the:
scene_heading: INT. - LIVING ROOM 79
text: to get away from him. He follows her in.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: «-.Wquld you listen very, very care-
dialog: fully because this may be the last time
dialog: I'm ever talking to you...Not every-
dialog: body in this world is after your
dialog: magnificent bedy, lady. In the firse
dialog: place, it ain't so magnificent. Fair,
dialog: maybe, but it doesn't keep me up nights.
dialog: Idon't even find you that pretty.
dialog: Maybe if you smiled once in a while,
dialog: who knows? But Iwouldn't want you
dialog: to do anything against your religion...
dialog: And you're not the only one in this
dialog: city who got dumped on. I, myself,
dialog: am a recent dumpee...I am a dedicated
dialog: actor, dedicated ta my art and my
dialog: eraft...I1 value what I do...And because
dialog: of a mentally arthritic director, I am
dialog: playing the second greatest English
dialog: speaking role in history Like a double
dialog: order of fresh California fruit salad!...
dialog: When I say be nice to me, I mean nice!
dialog: (continued)
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
scene_heading: Chgs. 2-16-77 P.63
speaker_heading: ELLIOT (cont'd) 79
dialog: Decent! Fair!...I deserve it because CONT'D
dialog: I am a nice, decent, fair person... (2)
dialog: I do not want to jump on your bones...
dialog: I don"t even want to see you when I
dialog: get up in the morning...8ur I'LL
dialog: tell you what I do Like about you...
dialog: Lucy!...Lucy is your best part...
dialog: Lucy is worth putting up with vou
dialog: for...
text: (he slaps money down on
dialog: table)
dialog: There's fourteen dollars for the care
dialog: and feeding of that terrific child...
dialog: You get zippity doo dah...You need money *
dialog: Tor yourself, borrow from Lucy...Okay?..,
dialog: I am now going inside to meditate
dialog: away my hostility towards you. But
dialog: personally, I don't think it can be
dialog: done...
text: And he storms out, into his room, slamming door behind
text: him and leaving a very perplexed Paula.
scene_heading: EXT. - SCHOOL - DAY 80
text: A public school on the west side. Late afternoon.
text: Kids are coming out...Lucy emerges with books. A
text: cab pulls up in front of the school. Paula sticks
text: her head out. She seems to be in high spirirs.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Lucy!...Lucy!
text: Lucy turns and sees her. She excuses herself from
text: her friends and crosses to cab.
speaker_heading: PAULA (continuing)
dialog: we. Get in!
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: What are you doing in a taxi?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Will you get in?
text: She opens door and practically pulls Lucy in. Paula
text: is beaming. The cab idles.
speaker_heading: PAULA (continuing)
dialog: «Name something you want!
dialog: P.64
dialog: Lucy 80
speaker_heading: What? CONT'D
dialog: (2)
speaker_heading: PAULA
text: A dress. A coat. Earrings, bracelets,
dialog: whatever. You name it.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: You mean I get one wish?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: And don'c take all day. The cab
dialog: driver's gonna get half your wish.
dialog: Lucy (thinks)
dialog: Ubh,..uhh...The biggest chocolate
text: dessert at Serendipity's.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: That's it?...You blew leather boots
dialog: . for that?
scene_heading: INT. - SERENDIPITY'S - DAY aL
text: The back room. Stain glass colored ceilings. In
text: fromt of Lucy is a huge chocolate and whipped cream
text: mountain. Paula has a small bottle of white wine in
text: front of her. :
speaker_heading: LUCY (digs in)
dialog: So what kind of a show is it?...4
dialog: musical?
speaker_heading: > PAULA
dialog: It's not a show show. It's an auto
text: show...They show off their new cars.
dialog: And I stand on this slow moving turn-
dialog: table with this cute little sports
dialog: . oar...oh, and I get to wear this
dialog: really all-American outfit, blue
text: blazer, white skirt and a red blouse...
dialog: Lucy
dialog: What kind of car?
speaker_heading: PAULA
text: A Subaru. It's a Japanese.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Sa why do you dress All-American?
dialog: She takes
dialog: The Goodbye Girk
dialog: ches. “ee P.65
speaker_heading: PAULA 81
dialog: Because I don't look good in all- CONT'D
dialog: Japanese. ..Anyway, I stand there and (2)
dialog: I say...where's that sheet?
text: a sheet out of her pocketbook and reads...
speaker_heading: PAULA (cont'd)
dialog: I say..."With the SEEC-T engine,
dialog: Subaru models recorded an improvement
dialog: of 19,5 per cent in economy over
dialog: their 1973 record,"
speaker_heading: LUCY (sarcastic)
dialog: Sounds Like an exciting show.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Four hundred dollars a week for two
dialog: weeks sounds plenty exciting...
dialog: Especially to the checkouc girl at
dialog: Food Fair...
dialog: Lucy
dialog: veel don’t feel too good.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Really?...Maybe you shouldn't eat
dialog: any more.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: That's what I said after the first
dialog: one.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: I'm sorry. I just wanted to treat
dialog: you to something special. It's been
dialog: so long...
dialog: LUCY (holding stomach)
dialog: weel should have picked the boats.
scene_heading: INT. - BEDROOM DOOR OF ELLIOT'S ROOM - DAY 82
text: Paula's hand knocks on door. It opens. Elliot in
text: jeans and sweater, Richard III seript in hand, lLook-
text: ing very disheveled and uptight. He snaps at Paula.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: 4m I disturbing you?
dialog: P.66
speaker_heading: ELLIOT 82
speaker_heading: Yes. CONT'D
dialog: (2)
dialog: Paula
dialog: I’m sorry. ’
speaker_heading: ELLLOT
dialog: Then don't disturb me.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: You don't have to snap ar me.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: That wasn't snapping. That was
dialog: sarcasm. Snapping is "Bug off, I'm
dialog: busy’...You see che difference?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: What's wrong?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: What's wrong, she asks?... You open
text: tomorrow night in front of the New
text: York critics wearing a chartreuse
dialog: hump on your back. you play Richard
text: with a twisted paralytic hand and
dialog: pink polish on your nails...I'm busy
dialog: trying to figure cut how to save ny
dialog: goddamn career, that's what's wrong!
dialog: «What do you want?...0h, I know.
dialog: I dipped into your peanut butter.
dialog: The alarm must have gone off...What
dialog: do I owe you for one finger full of
dialog: Skippy Chunky spread?
speaker_heading: PAULA .
dialog: I came to pay you back your fourteen
dialog: dollars.
dialog: (she hands him bills)
dialog: .I got a job...Also I want to know if
dialog: you have some bicarbonate. Lucy is
dialog: sick.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: What's wrong with her?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: She had two double chocolate sundaes
dialog: for dimner. It was my fault, I
dialog: ordered then.
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
scene_heading: Chgs. 12-15-76 P.67
text: ELLIOT (glares at her) 82
dialog: Incredible!...I don't know why they CONT'D
dialog: don't sell insurance policies to kids. (3),
text: He goes into room, gets his guitar and comes out,
text: . passing Paula.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Is that bicarbonate?
text: He storms past her and into Lucy's bedroom.
scene_heading: INT. - BEDROOM - DAY/DUSK : 83
text: Lucy is all bunched up in a fetal position and not
text: very comfortable. She is moaning. Elliot comes in
text: and sits on the bed next to her. Paula follows him
dialog: in. .
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: »e-How's it feel, Lucy?
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Did you see the "Exorcist"?
speaker_heading: . ELLIOT
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: . LUCY
dialog: Well, you'd better get out of the
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: «+.Just relax...
text: (he tries to straighten
dialog: her out)
dialog: Come on...On your back...
text: She is: shivering and stiff.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT (continuing)
dialog: Don't you trust me?
dialog: Lucy
dialog: I trusted my mother today and look
dialog: how I feel.
text: Elliot glares at Paula, then back to attending Lucy.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: That's it...Flat on your back...
dialog: (as she does)
text: Deep breaths now...Slow, deep
dialog: breaths...
dialog: (to Paula)
dialog: Come here.
text: Paula crosses to bed. He motions for her to sit on
text: other side of bed. She does.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT (continuing)
dialog: Watch this!
text: With the flat palm of his hand, he makes gentle,
text: soothing circles on Lucy's stomach.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT (continuing)
dialog: You think you can do that?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Lmight be able to manage it.
text: She makes the gentle circles om Lucy's stomach.
text: ELLIOT (picks up his
dialog: . guitar)
dialog: Den't stop..,Eyes closed, Lucy...
dialog: deep breaths...
text: He leans back on the bed and begins to softly play
text: his guitar...Paula, still rubbing, watches skepcically.
text: Lucy moans softly. He keeps playing and we see Lucy
text: starting to relax...Her hands unclench...
speaker_heading: , ELLIOT (continuing)
dialog: How's it feeling?
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: A little better.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Isn't this more soothing than some
dialog: medicine?
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: And it tastes better too...
text: (her eyes begin to nod)
dialog: . ee.How's the play going?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Please! One sick person at a time.
dialog: LUCY (getting drowsy)
dialog: Sure wish we could go to the
dialog: opening...
text: Elliot looks at Paula.
speaker_heading: P68
dialog: 83
speaker_heading: CONT'D
dialog: @)
dialog: P.69
speaker_heading: LUCY (continuing) 83
dialog: «..Mom?...I mean you still owe me CONT'D
dialog: one wish...Today was the pits. (3)
speaker_heading: PAULA ‘
dialog: Sure...anything you say.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Terrific...
dialog: (she is just about out)
dialog: Now you have to get me a dress.,
dialog: (and she falls asleep)
text: Paula makes a few more gentle circles, then stops
text: rubbing. Luey is sleeping peacefully. Eliioc
text: continues to strum on the guitar.
speaker_heading: PAULA (whispers)
dialog: Thank you...
text: Elliot doesn'c Look up an her. He continues play-
text: ing. She turns her head away. The CAMERA MOVES
text: IN on her only.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: I'm sorry about yesterday, That
dialog: was very generous of you...I'm not
dialog: used to the kindness of strangers...
dialog: T know, don't say it. "Blanche
dialog: DuBois! in "Streetcar...Sometimes
dialog: I feel just Like her...Every time
dialog: you start. Co trust aman, they cake
dialog: you away at the end of the movie,
dialog: Anyway, I'm sorry for -- well, I'm
dialog: just | sorry...1£ you're listening,
dialog: that's my attempt to be nice, “decent
dialog: and fair...How'm I doing?
text: The guitar stops. She turns and looks at him. He
text: is fast asleep. She crosses exound to the other
text: side of the bed,
speaker_heading: PAULA (continuing)
dialog: Mr. Garfield?...Mr. Garfield?
dialog: (she shakes hin)
dialog: Wake up...You can't sleep with my
dialog: daughter.
text: But his body slides down and his head falls on the
text: pillow, right next to Lucy...They are sleeping peac~
text: fully side by side. Paula looks at them.
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
scene_heading: Chgs. L-18-77
speaker_heading: PAULA (continuing)
dialog: +. -Everybody but me!
scene_heading: INT. - OFF BROADWAY THEATRE
text: Most of the audience have taken their seats. Lucy,
text: in a new dress, and Paula, are seated. Lucy is
text: thumbing through their programs. The house lights
dialog: din.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: I hope this is going to be funny,
dialog: Is it a comedy?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: It's Shakespeare.
dialog: Lucey
dialog: «.sBoooor-ing:
text: The house lights are out and a spot hits center
text: stage. We discover Elliot as Richard. ALL twisted
text: and humped... and in a gaudy chartreuse costume.
text: He limps his way around the stage, managing to look
text: very campy as he does. A "Come hither' grin crosses
text: his face. He looks around the house and then begins
text: in a most minty fashion...
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: «.e'Now is the winter of our
dialog: discontent
dialog: Made glorious summer by this
dialog: sun of York
dialog: And all the clouds that lour'd
dialog: upon our house
text: In the deep bosom of the ocean
dialog: - buried.
text: Lucy's mouth drops open and Paula lowers her eyes.
dialog: P.76
dialog: 83
speaker_heading: CONT'D
dialog: (4)
speaker_heading: 84 OUT
dialog: 85
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
scene_heading: Chgs. 12-15-76 P.7L
text: In the firse few cows, a few CRITICS are taking 85
text: notes on a pad. Some of them look at each other. CONT'D
dialog: There is unusual RUSTLING among che people in the (2)
dialog: audience. :
speaker_heading: ELLIOT (Cont'd)
dialog: Now are our brows bound wich
dialog: victorious wreaths;
text: Our bruised arms hung up for
dialog: monuments ;
dialog: Qur stern alarums changed to
dialog: merry meetings
text: Qur dreadful marches to delightful
dialog: measures.
speaker_heading: LUCY (whispers)
dialog: He sounds like that guy in the
dialog: beauty parlor.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: At least!
scene_heading: * DISSOLVE TO:
text: (THE FOLLOWING SEQUENCES WILL BE A MONTAGE.)
speaker_heading: ACT III, SCENE V 854A
text: Enter Lovell and Ratcliff, with Hastings' head.
text: Richard, in an even more bizarre costume.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Be patient, they are friends,
text: Ratcliff and Lovell.
speaker_heading: LOVELL
dialog: Here is the head of that ignoble
dialog: _ traitor,
text: The dangerous and unsuspected Hastings.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: So dear I lov'd the man that I must weep
dialog: I took him for the plainest harmless
dialog: creature
dialog: That Preach’ a upon the earth a Christian,
dialog: eta...
speaker_heading: THE MAN AND WOMAN 86
text: next to Lucy get up, trying to get past the ouc-
text: stretched feec of Lucy.
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
scene_heading: Chgs. 12-15-76 P.71A
speaker_heading: MAN 86
dialog: - Excuse me, please. @-
speaker_heading: LUCY (startled)
dialog: Is it over?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: It is for me.
text: They exit.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: ACT IV, SCENE IV 864
speaker_heading: DUCHESS
dialog: If so, then be noc tongue-tied,
dialog: go with me
text: And in the breath of bitter winds
dialog: let's smother
dialog: My damned son that thy cwo sweet
text: sons smothered.
text: The trumpet sounds’ be copious in
text: exclaims.
text: Enter King Richard and his train, marching, with
text: DRUMS and TRUMPETS.
dialog: cut To:
speaker_heading: Lucy 86B
text: who is struggling to keep her eyes open. Neither
text: the drums nor trumpets seem to jar her. Paula has
text: a dazed lock on her face when Ellioc enters as Richard.
speaker_heading: . ELLIOT
dialog: «.»-Who intercepts me in my
dialog: expedition?
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: ACT V, SCENE V 86C
text: on the field of batcle,..Corpses are strewn on the
text: stage. Soldiers are battling.
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
scene_heading: Chgs. 12-15-76 P.7L3
speaker_heading: CATESBY
speaker_heading: 86C
dialog: The King enacts more wonders than _ CONT'S
dialog: aman, (2)
text: Daring an opposite to every danger.
text: ABOUT A THIRD OF THE AUDIENCE 86D
text: has left. Paula looks ac her watch.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: I hope you did your homework.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: I can't even remember.
dialog: BACK TO THE PLAY:
speaker_heading: CATES BY (Cont'd)
dialog: Rescue, fair Lord, or else che
dialog: day is lost. .
text: Enter King Richard, his uniform in rags. But very
text: pretty rags.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: A horse! A horse! My kingdom for
dialog: a horse!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: A MAN, 86E
text: ‘possibly a CRITIC, in the audience.
speaker_heading: CRITIC (to COMPANION)
dialog: That's what i'd giva for a taxi.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: ON STAGE, 87
text: the cast has taken its final bows. Elliot is the
text: last to bow. The APPLAUSE is cursory. Paula ap-
text: plauds politely, Lucy vigorously. They get up with
text: the rest of the audience,
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
scene_heading: Chgs. 12~15-76 P.71C
speaker_heading: LUCY 87
dialog: Weird city. CONT'D
dialog: (1)
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Shh. Someone'’1l hear you.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: ‘ Someone already said it... Can we
dialog: go backstage and-say "Hello''?
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
scene_heading: Chgs. 12-15-76 P.72
speaker_heading: PAULA 87
dialog: I have a feeling he'd rather be CONT'D
dialog: alone, (2)
speaker_heading: LUCY ’
dialog: He'll know we thougHc it was Lousy
dialog: L£ we don't go back.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Alright, but try to be tactful.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Whac's tactful?
speaker_heading: Lk a PAULA
speaker_heading: BACKSTAGE 83
dialog: T£ you can call it that. Actually it is just some
text: cubicles with sheets dividing the dressing rooms.
text: Actors and visitors milling about nat knowing quite
text: how to react. Mark Bodine is going through the
text: crowd bubbling with enthusiasm. Ha stops at a
scene_heading: MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN.
dialog: WOMAN (unenthusiastically)
dialog: Wonderful job, Mark.
speaker_heading: MARK (big smile)
dialog: Did you really love it? I mean
dialog: really, really love it?
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Ie was...very interescing.
dialog: Oh, God!
dialog: - (shouts out)
dialog: She loved it,everybody. My mother
dialog: loved it.
text: He kisses her. then moves through the crowd. He
text: passes Paula and Lucy. He grabs Paula and kisses
dialog: er.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Thank you...We're all very excited.
text: He rubs Lucy's head end moves through the crowd.
text: Lucy looks at him as though he were very weird,
text: Paula cakes her hand and they cross to a sheet that
dialog: has “Elliot Garfield'' pinned on ic. Since she can't
dialog: knock, Paula calls ouc.
dialog: P.73
speaker_heading: PAULA 88
dialog: Hello? CONT'D
dialog: : (no answer) (2)
dialog: Mr. Garfield?...It's Lucy and me.
text: They wait a moment, then the sheet pulls back.
text: Elliot, half his costume and make-up off, stares
text: out at them. There are tears in his eyes but
text: . : he is fighting them back. He looks very defeated.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: We er.,.we just wanted to come back
dialog: to tell you how much we enjoyed it.
text: He tries to smile and nod back, but remains speech-
dialog: less. Lf he talked, he would cry.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: I had the best time.
dialog: (he nods)
dialog: At first I thought it would be
dialog: - boring. But then it picked up
text: near the end.
speaker_heading: . PAULA
dialog: . Okay, Lucy.
dialog: r (to Elliot)
dialog: We won't keep you. We just wanted
dialog: to thank you for the tickets and a
dialog: lovely evening.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: People were talking about you on
dialog: the way out. They wanted to remember
dialog: your name so they'll never forget ic.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Come on, Lucy...Goodnight.
text: She pulls Lucy away. He nods at them, still not
text: able to speak. He closes the sheet behind him.
text: They start to walk away.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: It's not Elliot's fault. t's juse
dialog: & lousy play.
scene_heading: INT, PAULA'S BEDROCM - NICHT 89
text: Paula and Lucy are fast asleep. The clock on the
speaker_heading: P.7G
text: table says a quarter to three. We suddenly HEAR a 89
text: CRASH of glass from inside. Paula sits up like a CONT '
text: bole. Lucy stirs and looks up. (2)
dialog: Lucy
dialog: What was that?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: I don't know.
text: We HEAR another CRASH. This time it sounded like
text: furniture being knocked over. Paula gets out of
text: bed, quickly puccing on her robe. She races to the
text: door and out of the room.
scene_heading: INT, LIVING ROOM 90
text: The room is dark. The lights suddenly go on. We
text: see Paula at the switch.
dialog: cur To:
speaker_heading: THE FLOOR OL
text: Elliot is sprawled aver a turned-over chair. A
text: vase is broken. Elliot is quite cheerful. That's
text: because Elliot is quite drunk.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Thou has brokenst thy vase...Thou
dialog: owes thee twelve ninety-five plus
dialog: taxeth.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Are you all right?
speaker_heading: ‘ELLIOT
dialog: Not according to the Times...Have
dialog: you tead the Times?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: You want some coffee?
text: He takes the Times out of his pocker.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: The Times said "Elliot Garfield re-
dialog: searched Richard the Third and dis-
dialog: covered he was England's first badly
dialog: dressed intericr decorator"..,
dialog: P.75
text: This sends him into gales of laughter. 91
speaker_heading: CONT'p
speaker_heading: ELLIOT (continuing) (2)
dialog: Oh, Jesus...That's tasty writing.
text: Paula turns the chair upright tnd begins to pick up
text: the pieces of the broken vase. Elliot reaches into
text: his coat pocket and takes out a can of beer. He
text: opens it and it spritzes over the room.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT (continuing)
dialog: Ye
dialog: (he drinks)
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: I never pay attention to critics.
dialog: Sorr
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Good...Then you go on tomorrow night.
text: This gives him the giggles tao.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT (continuing)
dialog: The Naily Dews -- the Daily News said
dialog: and I quote, "It never occurred to us
dialog: that William Shakespeare wrote ‘The
dialog: Wizard of Oz'. However, Elliot
dialog: Garfield made a splendid ‘Wicked
dialog: Witch of the North''...Tacky. That's
dialog: a tacky review. If you're gonna
dialog: kill me, do it with panache...
text: He gets up and falls over another chair.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Oh, what the hell...It was just a
dialog: silly little New York debuc... Ames,
dialog: - Towa is where it really counts...If
dialog: ” you don't make it in Ames, Iowa, you
dialog: have career trouble.
text: He heads for his bedroom. She stands there looking
text: after him. He comes back out.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT (continuing) .
dialog: ++-Channel Five was honest. Direct
dialog: and honest...They said''Richard the
dialog: Third stunk!...and Elliot Garfield
dialog: was the stinkee!"
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
scene_heading: Chgs. 2-16-77 P.76
text: He goes back into his room, We HEAR a THUD and a 9L
text: GROAN. Paula rushes into his room. CONT'D
dialog: (3)
scene_heading: ELLIOT'S BEDROOM / : 92
text: Elliot is sprawled out on the floor.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: ...Am I in bed?...I£ I'm in bed, I'm
dialog: not very comfortable.
text: Paula helps Elliot to his feet.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: I thought you didn't put unhealthy
dialog: things into your body.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: I didn'e. I put it into Richard's.
dialog: I'm trying to kill che son of a bitch.
text: She helps him to sit on the bed.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Please! Please go to sleep, this
dialog: furniture isn't mine.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Do you think I'm discouraged? De-
dialog: feated? Do you think I'm gonna get
text: upset at fourteen unimporcant negative
dialog: reviews...You bet your ass I am, baby.
dialog: Woops. Sorry. This apartment is
dialog: PG, I keep forgetting.
text: He gets up and trips against the wall. Paula starts
text: to pick up the breakable icems in an effort to protect
text: them. He starts out the door.
dialog: - *
speaker_heading: _ PAULA
dialog: You were wonderrtul tonight, really.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM . 93
speaker_heading: ELLIOT (heading for the
dialog: living room)
dialog: What do you mean I was wonderful?
dialog: Twas an Elizabethan fruie €ly!...
dialog: (continued)
dialog: P.7
speaker_heading: ELLIOT (cone'd) 93
text: The Betty Boop of Stratford-on-dAvoni... CONT'D
dialog: I.was putrid!...Capiral P, capital U, (2)
dialog: capital trid PUTRID!...Well, wasn't
dialog: I? Heh? Heh?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: It was an interesting interpretation,
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: It was BULLSHIT!... You didn’t see
dialog: their faces when I walked out on
text: stage...Two hundred and ten people
dialog: all given a shot of novocaine...I
dialog: want the truth...
text: (He picks up a vase and
text: holds it over his head)
dialog: Tell me the truth or I'll smash this
text: priceless nine dollar vase to pieces.
dialog: WAS I PUTRID OR NOT??? say IT!?
speaker_heading: ‘PAULA (terrified)
dialog: YES! Yes, you were putrid
speaker_heading: ELLIOT (hurt)
dialog: es Well, you don't have to be that
dialog: blunt about ict.
speaker_heading: PAULA .
dialog: I'm sorry. Put it down, please...
text: He Lowers the vase and she takes it away from him,
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: IT mean, [I thought I had a good moment
dialog: here and there...Walking on and walk-
dialog: ing off...In between was ka~ka!
text: He falls onto sofa.
speaker_heading: - PAULA
dialog: You sure I can'e¢ get you anything?
dialog: Some of your health foods or some-
dialog: thing?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Don't walk out on me, Once a night
dialog: is enough. .
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: I'm here, I'm listening.
dialog: P.78
speaker_heading: ELLIOT 93
dialog: I really can play that part, you CONT'D
dialog: know. I can play the hump eff cthac (3)
dialog: guy...I was better on the bus coming
dialog: from Chicago than I was on that
dialog: stage tonight.... '
dialog: (legitimately)
dialog: e+..'Now is the winter of our discontanc
dialog: Made glorious summer by this sun of York
dialog: And all the clouds that lour'd upon our
dialog: house
dialog: In the deep bosom of the ocean buried..."
dialog: Et cetera et cetera et cetera....
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: That is good....i¢'s wonderful, hon-
dialog: estly.
speaker_heading: ‘ ELLIOT
dialog: Thank you...You're really not such a
dialog: bad person, you know...But that
dialog: putrid remark really hurt.,.Really
dialog: got to me, you know.
speaker_heading: PAULA :
dialog: I know. I'm sorry. I don't know
dialog: what came over me... Goodnight..:
text: She turns off the light. He is almost asleep.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Don't tell Lucy what it said in the
dialog: Times.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: I won't. .
speaker_heading: . ELLIOT
dialog: Or the News.
speaker_heading: - PAULA
dialog: - No.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Or Channel Two, Four, Five, Seven,
text: Nine and Eleven.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: I won't...
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Thank you...No autographs, please,
text: She looks at him with some degree of affection, then
text: turns. He is asleep on the sofa, ,
dialog: P.79
scene_heading: INT, - PAULA'S BEDROOM - NIGHT 94
text: Paula comes back into the recom and takes off her robe
text: and gets into bed...And suddenly she bursts into
text: tears, into the pillow. Lucy turns and looks at her.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: What's wrong?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: ««-So why are you crying?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: I didn't ery today. Do you mind?
speaker_heading: LUCY (shrugs)
dialog: No.
text: She turns back over on her side.
speaker_heading: PAULA .
dialog: eeeZ didn't think he was that bad!
scene_heading: INT. + KITCHEN ~- NEXT MORNING 95
text: Paula is braiding Lucy's hair while Lucy is eating
dialog: cereal and reading the New York Times cheatrical
dialog: section.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: «e-"one must always respect brave
dialog: and courageous attempts to explore
dialog: Shakespeare through new and daring
dialog: concepts, and even, if you will,
dialog: irreverence” -- What's irreverence?
speaker_heading: . PAULA
dialog: You'll find our.
speaker_heading: LUCY (continues reading)
dialog: ee-"But Elliot Garfield and Mark
dialog: Bodine's ‘Richard the Third’ gives
dialog: us less than a sumer stock 'Charley's
dialog: Aunt' without the good-natured and
dialog: inoffensive humor"...
dialog: (puts down paper)
dialog: Does that mean he didn't Like it?
speaker_heading: P.80
dialog: We HEAR Elliot 0.S. 85
speaker_heading: , “CONT'D
speaker_heading: ELLIOT (0.S.) . (2)
dialog: The man has two months to live,
dialog: he's a cynic.
speaker_heading: cUuT TO;
speaker_heading: ELLIOT : 96
text: in the doorway. He has on the clothes he wore
text: last night. He looks disheveled and hung over.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Which one of you scotch-taped my
dialog: tongue to the roof of my mouth?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: You want some coffee?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Not unless you have some bicarbonate.
text: Paula smiles at him. She gets the coffee. He sits
text: and buries his head in his hands.
dialog: LUCY (cheerfully)
dialog: Congratulations.
dialog: ELLIOT (looks at her)
dialog: For what?
speaker_heading: LUCY (shrugs)
dialog: -..I didn't know what elsa to say.
text: He looks at the Times and pulls it away from her.
dialog: To Paula:
speaker_heading: - ELLIOT
dialog: ” Why do you let your child read
dialog: pornography?
text: The phone RINGS.
speaker_heading: LUCY (to Elliot)
dialog: You want some puffed rice or
dialog: Chocosnaps?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Starve a cold, feed a failure,
dialog: heh?
scene_heading: . - P.8L
text: He musses Lucy's hair. Paula has answered the phone. 96
speaker_heading: CONT'D
speaker_heading: PAULA (into phone) (2)
dialog: Hello?... Who?... Yes, just a min-
dialog: ute, please.
dialog: (to Elliot)
dialog: For you.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: «e.I got the cover of Newsweek?
text: She holds out the phone. He takes a spoonful of
text: Lucy's cereal, then crosses to phone with his mouth
text: full. Paula goes back to braiding Lucy's hair.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT (continuing;
dialog: into phone)
dialog: ».-Yeah?... Hello, Harve... Yeah...
dialog: Yeah, I read ‘em... Mn-hmm... Mm-hom
dialog: ...Yeah, I understand...Good...Good...
dialog: Okay.
dialog: (he hangs up, -
dialog: returns to table)
dialog: There you go. The minute you think
dialog: your world's collapsing, something
dialog: wonderful happens.
dialog: Lucey
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: They closed the show. I don't have
dialog: to do it anymore... The American
dialog: theatre is saved.
speaker_heading: PAULA -
dialog: I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Listen, everything works out. Now
dialog: et I'm free to take that other job.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: What other job?
dialog: ELLIOT (opens to want ad
dialog: section of Times)
dialog: I'm looking! I'm Looking!
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Lucy, we're Late. Go get your
dialog: sweater.
text: Lucy crosses to her bedroom door.
dialog: \ . - PB2
speaker_heading: * LUCY 96
dialog: Listen, did you know that Spencer CONT'D
dialog: Tracy got terrible reviews the (3)
dialog: first time he was ever on Broadway?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: No, he didn’t.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Oh...I thought he did.
text: She crosses into bedroom.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT (to Paula)
dialog: You realize, of course, your daugh-
dialog: ter has a crush on me.
speaker_heading: . PAULA
dialog: I've noticed.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: How do you feel about that, Mom?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Not to take away from your personal
dialog: charm, she had one on Tony tao.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: They're fickle at ten.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: And at six...She also had a big
dialog: thing for her father.
text: Lucy comes out of the bedroom, putting on her sweater.
speaker_heading: PAULA (to Lucy)
dialog: Wait for me downstairs.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: . Why?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Because I'm the mother, that's why.
text: Lucy shrugs and leaves. Paula turns to Elliot.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: ««.What are your plans?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: You mean my nediate plans?...Well,
dialog: I thought after breakfast, I mighe
dialog: try an aborted suicide attempt and
dialog: then think about Welfare,
dialog: 
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
dialog: Chgs. 1-31-77
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: In other words, you're not going
dialog: back to Chicago.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Chicago? No. Siberia, possibly.
speaker_heading: PAULA oe
dialog: I mean, your room is paid for, it
dialog: belongs to you.
speaker_heading: ELLLOT
dialog: Thank you.., If I decide to leave,
dialog: I'Ll give you an address and you
dialog: can ship it to me.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: If you stay, I could use sameone to
dialog: help me out with Lucy...I start work
dialog: today and I won't be able to get
dialog: back to make her dinner... What I'm
dialog: saying is...
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: IT accepc,.
speaker_heading: PAULA (quickly)
text: Good. She has dinner at six. There
text: are pork cheps in the freezer.
dialog: Have a nice day.
text: She exits quickly. He looks after her and smiles,
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Cute!...Definitely cute.
scene_heading: EXT. ~ 77TH STREET & BROADWAY - BUS STOP - DAY
text: Lucy and Paula walking...Lucy holds type-
text: written sheets in her hand. Paula has her
text: hands over her eyes as she is trying to memorize
text: her speach. Lucy is correcting her. But Lucy
text: ever consults the pages. She has it memorized.
speaker_heading: PAULA .
dialog: «e-The SEEC-T is a lean burn ap~
dialog: proach to engine combustion chant
dialog: allows the engine co use less gas
dialog: and more air in the combustion mix-
dialog: ture. A special intaka...er, a
dialog: special intake -- wait, don't tell
dialog: me...
dialog: P.83
dialog: 96
speaker_heading: CONT'D
dialog: (4)
dialog: wo
dialog: x
dialog: *
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
scene_heading: Chgs. 2-16-77 P.84
dialog: Lucy 97
speaker_heading: Valve. CONT'D
dialog: ‘ (2)
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: I said don't tell me.,avalve intro-
text: duces extra air into the cylinders.
dialog: The effect is co package unburned ~-
dialog: unburned -- don't tell me --
dialog: unburned -~ tell me.
dialog: Lucy
text: Exhaust pollutents.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Damn! You need a five year course *
dialog: in an Ofiental garage to know
dialog: this.
scene_heading: BUS STOP - DAY 97A
text: They are queved up behind three other pecole.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: L was noticing you and Elliot leok
dialog: very good together.
dialog: WHAT?? PAULA
text: The others in line turn around.
speaker_heading: PAULA (Cont'd)
dialog: When? When did we look good together?
dialog: Lucy
dialog: All the time. Whenever you're
dialog: together.
speaker_heading: ~ PAULA
dialog: We are never together. And I'm a
dialog: ood inch and a quarter taller than
dialog: eis,
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: I never noticed it. Maybe because.
dialog: I'm small and always looking up.
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
dialog: Chgs. 1-31-77
scene_heading: INT, - BUS + 70TH STREET & BROADWAY
speaker_heading: PAULA (eyes closed)
dialog: ..."gives good performance plus
dialog: better mileage". IZ must be at least
text: two years older than he is.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Men prefer women of experience. IT
dialog: read it in Cosmopolitan.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: «Lucy, how would you like it if
dialog: I took you and Seymour Stroock to a
dialog: movie and dinner on Saturday night?
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Seymour Stroock? I hate Seymour
dialog: Stroock! Don't do that!
text: PAULA (smiles triumphantly)
dialog: Then lay off me and Elliot. Here's
dialog: your stop. Get out of my life.
text: The bus stops.
dialog: LUCY (gets up)
dialog: I'm getting to the truth, right?
dialog: The Shadow Knows!
text: She gets off.
speaker_heading: PAULA (shouts)
dialog: atte YOU!,..I REALLY REALLY HATE
text: . (people look at her.
text: she looks back at them)
dialog: Well, I do.
text: The bus pulls away. She closes her eyes, trying
dialog: * go memorize...
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: ..."with less emission than a standard
dialog: engine and without any additional --
dialog: without any additional" -- Oh, Jesus,
dialog: she took my papers with her!
dialog: P.8s
speaker_heading: 97B x
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
dialog: Chgs. -31-77
text: She looks cut the window as we SEE Lucy on her way
dialog: to school.
scene_heading: EXT. - COLISEUM - DAY
text: Large crowds are going in and out of the Coliseum...
text: At a hot dog stand, near the entrance, Donna and
text: Paula are busy munching a hot dog and coke. Donna is
text: dressed in an all-green outfit, Paula in her blue
dialog: blazer, white skirt and red blouse...
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: How are you doing?
speaker_heading: PAULA (nods)
dialog: Not bad...Considering I don't know
dialog: what the hell I'm talking about.
speaker_heading: . DONNA
dialog: Listen, there's two cute Ferrari
dialog: salesmen who'd like to buy us some
dialog: fettucine when we're through. You
dialog: available?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Oh, thanks, Donna. Maybe some other
dialog: night.
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: We only have eight more nights left.
dialog: It's not as though you had something
dialog: better waiting at home, right?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: No, no...Maybe tomorrow, okay?...
dialog: It's show-time...
text: She walks off leaving a puzzled Donna.
dialog: 99
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: 100 OMITTED
text: INT.
scene_heading: ~ COLISEUM - AUTO SHOW
text: The show is in progress...Throngs of people are
text: moving about, going from exhibic to exhibic...Various
text: models are shown demonstrating the virtues of their
text: respective cars... at the Subaru Exhibit, a
dialog: P.86
dialog: 978
speaker_heading: CONT'D
dialog: (2)
dialog: 98
dialog: 99
dialog: 100
speaker_heading: LOL
dialog: The Goodb e, iF rh
scene_heading: Chges. -/7 P.864
dialog: 100 our
dialog: lol *
speaker_heading: CONT'D
text: turntable, with car and Paula, slowly rotates... (2)
text: Paula has a hand-held mike and is describing the
text: devs of the Subaru to the small assemblage in front
dialog: of her...
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: «+The Subaru engine gets 39 miles
dialog: per galion in highway driving and
dialog: 29 in the city, an extraordinary
dialog: performance...The SEEC-T is a lean
dialog: burn, approach cto engine combustion
dialog: that allows the engine to use less
dialog: gas and more air in the combustion
dialog: mixture. A special intake valve
text: Introduces extra air into the
dialog: cylinders...
text: In the crowd we suddenly SEE Lucy and Elliot squeezing
dialog: through...
speaker_heading: PAULA (cont'd)
dialog: «+The design eliminates the need
dialog: for power and fuel-robdbing --
dialog: P.87
text: Paula spots them. Lucy waves her hand to Paula. 101
text: Paula looks surprised and suddenly shaken, oo
speaker_heading: PAULA (cont'd)
dialog: -- er, eliminates the need for power
dialog: and fuel-robbing -- fuel-robbing --
text: Elliot winks at her, which is completely unnerving.
speaker_heading: PAULA (cont'd)
dialog: -- things!... The Subaru gives good
dialog: performance plus better mileage with
dialog: less emission than a -~ a standard
dialog: engine and er -- without --
text: Elliot turns to Lucy.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: She's up.
text: Elliot smiles at Paula.
speaker_heading: PAULA (tries to take
dialog: eyes off Elliot)
dialog: -- without any knocks -- or noises --
dialog: or that terrible banging sound...
dialog: which, as you know, can be terribly
dialog: banging.
dialog: (she is improvising)
dialog: As you can see.,,the Subaru has two
text: solid metal doors...one on each side...
dialog: of the Subaru...for easy getting in
text: and getting out...of the Subaru.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: She's making ic all up.
dialog: PAULA (valiantly)
dialog: «..The tires are very -- attractive,
dialog: and are optional...
speaker_heading: - ELLIOT
dialog: Optional tires?
speaker_heading: PAULA
text: The seats...front and rear...are
dialog: made of.,.of er...rich beautiful
dialog: material often found in better cars
dialog: «»eand can be cleaned easily -- if
dialog: you make them dirty. .
text: CUT TO TWO JAPANESE SUBARU SALESMEN talking to a
text: CUSTOMER. When they hear Paula's gibberish, they
text: turn around to watch in amazement.
dialog: The Gocdbye Girl
scene_heading: Chgs. 12-15-76 P88
speaker_heading: PAULA 101
dialog: «eeThe front windows are clearly CONT'D
dialog: visible end designed for maximum -- (3)
dialog: visibilicy...whether looking to che
dialog: right or lefc -~ or straight ahead...
speaker_heading: ELLIOT (to Lucy)
dialog: »eeZ'm beginning to chink my Richard
dialog: wasn't so bad.
dialog: PAULA (sweating, buc
dialog: still smiling)
text: ...Likewise the rear window is also
dialog: designed for easy visibility -- for
text: looking out the back.
speaker_heading: JAPANESE SALESMAN (to,,other)
dialog: Oi ding mushow ganza moo wush! What che
dialog: hell is she saying?")
text: The other Salesman nods in agreement.
dialog: «..The steering wheel is the most
dialog: modern steering device devised...
dialog: for easy and safe steering,and the
dialog: brakes are -- highly brakable...for
dialog: quick all-weather stopping... The
dialog: Subaru is a truly remarkable economy
dialog: car..,and Consumers Guide calis the
dialog: Subaru -- a truly remarkable econony
dialog: car.,.Thank you very much.
text: She takes off the mike and quickly gees off the turn-
text: table, The angry Japanese Salesmen cross to her and
text: berate her as she tries to apologize... She finally
text: bows to them and then crosses over to Lucy and Elliot,
dialog: very upset. .
dialog: PAULA (very angry)
dialog: Thanks a loc!... I would have gotten
dialog: ~ fired but they didn’t know the
dialog: English word for it... What are you
dialog: doing here?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: You came to see me act, can't I see
dialog: you?...Very nice,,.Qne constructive
dialog: comment?..,Study! Learn your lines...
dialog: Then maybe next year you'll be ready
dialog: for bigger parts...like trucks!
dialog: Maybe tanks...
speaker_heading: PAULA (to Lucy)
dialog: Did you have dinner yet?
dialog: P.85
speaker_heading: LUCY LOL
speaker_heading: No. CONT'D
dialog: (4)
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: No??
dialog: (to Elliot)
dialog: It's after seven. What am I paying
dialog: you for?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Paying me?..,.0ne petrified pork
text: chop and a stalk of aging brown
dialog: celery does not constitute a pay-
dialog: roll...I came to leave Lucy with you.
dialog: I'm working tonight.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: He got a job.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Didn't I just say that?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Acting?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: I didn't say that...It's in the en-
dialog: tertainment field, that's as much
dialog: as I can tell you...I'll ba home
dialog: about two, don'e wait up...You look
dialog: terrific. I never knew you had a
dialog: figure.
text: He walks away.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: He wears me out!,.. That man wears
dialog: me ouc.
text: Elliot stops at the bocth where the two Japanese
text: Salesmen are talking. He points back to Paula.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT .
dialog: «» That girl impressed me very much
dialog: with your car. I'm in the taxi busi-
dialog: ness, I'm in the market for an en=
dialog: tire new fleat next year. If you
dialog: think you can handle it, I'll be
dialog: back the end. of the week... You
dialog: oughta hang on to that girl.
text: He walks away, The Salesmen beam happily, then smile
dialog: and nod to Paula...
dialog: 2.90
scene_heading: A STRIPPER ON STAGE - INT. CLUB 102
text: A very "sleazy" skin club in the Village...On stage,
text: a BLACK GIRl and a WHITE GIRL, practically nude, are
text: doing a very erotic number together.
scene_heading: EXT. CLUB - NIGHT . : 103
text: Elliot is standing in front of the club in an old
text: ‘ever-large uniform. He is the doorman. Two YOUNG
text: MEN, mid-twenties come up to him.
speaker_heading: ist MAN
dialog: Hey, what kinda show they got in there?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Dirty! Very dirty! Filthy show!
text: Next one starts in ten minutes.
speaker_heading: 2ND MAN
dialog: Like what do they do?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: They won't let me see it. It’s
dialog: too dirty for the help.
dialog: {he Opens the door)
dialog: You interested?
text: Suddenly, a heavy red~headed WOMAN in a man's suit
text: comes out. She is the manager. She beckons to Elliot.
speaker_heading: MANAGER (snaps fingers
dialog: at him)
dialog: Come onl Inside, quick!
speaker_heading: ELLIoT
dialog: + What's wrong?
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: We got a drunk on stage.
text: A look of terror crosses Elliot's face as he follows
dialog: the manager in.
scene_heading: INT. CLUB 1o4
text: on the smoke~filled stege, we see two smallish waiters
text: trying to restrain a huge DRUNK,. twice their size,
dialog: : . (continued)
text: from trying to get at the two semi-nude girls huddled 104
text: in fear against the curtain. The drunk punches one CONT'D
text: of the walters, who goes sprawling across the stage (2)
dialog: ana off of it. The customers, not known for their
text: class, applaud in approval.
speaker_heading: MANAGER (to Elliot)
dialog: Get that creep out of here.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: ME??...I'm the doorman!...When
dialog: he comes out, I'll open the door.
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: You want to get paid or not?
speaker_heading: ELLIoT
dialog: All right, all richt!
text: He starts for the stage just as the powerful drunk
text: gends the other waiter sprawling off the stage with
text: another punch,..Elliot steps up on the stage....
speaker_heading: ELLIOT (cautiously,
dialog: to drunk)
dialog: Okay, take it easy...Easy, pal...
dialog: I'm your friend...Your buddy, okay?
dialog: Why don’t you sit down so we can go
dialog: on with the show?
speaker_heading: DRUNK
dialog: I just want a kiss. one little
dialog: kiss, that's all.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT :
dialog: IT hardly knew you. TI don't kiss
dialog: on first dates.
text: The audience laughs, applauds...Elliot acknowledges them.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT (continuing)
dialog: Thank you, thank you...
dialog: (to drunk)
dialog: They like us.
dialog: DRUNK (weaves for Elliot)
dialog: Come here, you little twerp.
dialog: I'll bust your stupid face in.
dialog: ELLIOT (backs away,
dialog: circles)
dialog: No, no. They don’t want to see that.
dialog: (to audience) .
dialog: You don’s want to see a little twerp
dialog: get punched out, do you folks?
text: Audience ‘applauds and whistles. 104
speaker_heading: CONT'D
speaker_heading: ELLIOT (continuing) (3)
dialog: Tough audience!
dialog: {to drunk)
dialog: Listen, pal...Can I talk to you 4
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: minute?...Can we reason this out?
dialog: Can we? -What's your name?
speaker_heading: DRUNK
dialog: Earl.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Earl what?
speaker_heading: . DRUNK
dialog: Earl thist!
text: “And he hauls off and socks Elliot clear off the stage...
text: Elliot falls in a heap against the Manager's feet...
text: He rubs his jaw...The entire audience is up on their
text: feet applauding and whistling. Elliot manages a pain-
dialog: ful smile. :
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: My first standing ovation!
scene_heading: INT. PAULA'S BATHROOM ~ NIGHT 105
text: Paula is creaming her face. Lucy is lying in the
text: bathtub in her pajamas, eating a banana.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: You know what Cynthia Fein said?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Who's Cynthia Fein?
dialog: - Lucy
dialog: The girl in my class with the braces
dialog: and the big chest... Elliot picked
dialog: me up at school today and Cynthia Fein
dialog: said he's got charisma....I looked it
text: up and he does.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: All right, cut it out.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Cut what out?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Stop trying to make something between us.
dialog: Lucy 105 '
dialog: Me?...Cynthia Fein said--- 3 D
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Cynthia Fein my behind!...Stop
dialog: pushing me.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Who's pushing?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: You are...Your fingerprints are all
dialog: over my back....He's okay, all right?
dialog: »».Once in awhile he even acts like
dialog: a regular human being...But stop push-
dialog: ing me because that man is not my type.
text: She storms out of the bathroom. Lucy mumbles some-
text: thing under her breath. Paula comes back in.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: I heard that....What did you say?
dialog: Lucy
dialog: T£ you heard it, why are you asking?
dialog: PAULA , ; .
dialog: What did you say?
dialog: Lucy
dialog: I said your type never hangs around
dialog: long enough to stay your type.
text: Paula looks at her, brought up short.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: »..That was a rotten thing to say.
speaker_heading: LucY
dialog: . I know. I just felt like saying it.
dialog: .
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Jesus!...Sometimes I can get so god-
dialog: damn furious with you.
text: Paula turns on the faucet in the tub and EXITS.
dialog: LUCY (jumps up, wet)
dialog: HEY(ii...What a stinky thing to dol
speaker_heading: THE KITCHEN : log
text: Paula walks in. She still has her white cream on
text: her face. She goes ta cupboard and gets a box of
text: exrackers when she notices refrigerator door open.
speaker_heading: PAULA (angrily)
dialog: Dammit! She leaves the refrigerator
dialog: Open! I'm gonna drown that kid...Lucylt!
text: She slams the door shut and starts back to her room
text: when she notices the door to Elliot's room is ajar.
text: Ris light is on and we can see his legs stretched
text: out on the bed. She peers in.
speaker_heading: PAULA (continuing)
dialog: Mr. Garfield? Is that you?....
text: She looks into his room. He is lying flat on the
text: bed holding a piece of meat to his eye.
speaker_heading: PAULA (continuing)
dialog: I didn't hear you come in...What
dialog: happened to your eye?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT :
text: Ioused it to stop a fist from
dialog: going through my head.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: What kind of meat do you have
dialog: on there?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Veal parmigieana...It was either. that
dialog: or potato salad...I'm out of work again.
text: He takes off meat revealing a very raw eye.
speaker_heading: _ PAULA
dialog: Let me put some ice on that.
text: She crosses out and inte the kitchen. He follows
text: her and stands in door of kitchen. She opens refrig
text: and takes out icetray. She takes out some ice and
text: puts it in a dish towel.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: You don't have to worry anymore.
dialog: I've decided to let you stay as
dialog: long as you want...It's my only
dialog: hope for survival.
dialog: She takes
dialog: She looks
dialog: She feels
dialog: taken off
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Listen, something'11 turn up.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: You think so?
speaker_heading: . PAULA
dialog: Lucy and Cynthia Fein think
dialog: you have charisma.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: And what do you think I've got?
text: (she looxs at him, hands
dialog: ~him the tewel and the ice
dialog: Iomean, do I chariz you at all?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Put this on your eye.
speaker_heading: " ELLIOT
dialog: I'm not talking about my talent.
dialog: Talent-wise I'm very secure. Tft's
dialog: appeal-wise I'ma little shakey...
dialog: The truth, I can take it. Am I
dialog: as adorable as I think I am?
text: PAULA (looks at him
dialog: and laughs)
dialog: You are outrageous!... I can't
dialog: keep up with vour energy level...
dialog: They must pick you up on C.3.
dialog: radios in Alaska...
text: a step to the side and he blocks the way.
text: at him.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: «.-¥You get the feeling something's
dialog: Starting between us?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: I graduated from high school sixteen
dialog: years ago and that was the last time
dialog: I heard that line...Out of my way,
dialog: Please, I have to sell my little
text: Japanese cars in the morning.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT :
dialog: Is that why you have the Kabuki
dialog: makeup on?
text: hex face and suddenly realizes she hasn't
text: her white skin conditioner.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Oh, Godl...And you let me stand there.
speaker_heading: P95
dialog: 106
speaker_heading: CONT'D
dialog: (2)
dialog: canner
dialog: sore:
text: She rushes to the sink, turns on the faucet and
text: washes her face, scrubbing off the make-up. She
text: only gets half off.
speaker_heading: PAULA (cont'd)
dialog: Towel!... Can I have a paper towel,
dialog: please?
text: She reaches out with her eyes closed... He moves in
text: and kisses her on the lips... She is surprised, but
text: does not fight it. In facet, she joins in... Then
text: she backs away, taking a deep breath.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Don't you ever do that again!
speaker_heading: ELLIOT '
dialog: Your lips may say ‘no no' but there's
dialog: "yes yes' in your eyes.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Don't get cute with me!
speaker_heading: ELLIOT :
dialog: You know your goddamn nose drives
dialog: me crazy.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: What's wrong with my nose?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Ie's pug! Pug! It shoots straight
text: down then turns pug at the last min-
dialog: ute,
dialog: (he kisses her neck)
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Don't.......
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: - . think we got ourselves a hot infa-
dialog: - tuation here.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: i have no tima for romance. I have
dialog: a daughter I'm trying to save from
dialog: getting rickets.
text: ELLIOT (kisses her wet cheek)
dialog: I went bananas the first time I saw
dialog: you through the crack in the door.
dialog: IL said. "That's the best half a face
dialog: T ever laid eyes on’...
dialog: P.96
dialog: 106
speaker_heading: CONT'D
dialog: (3)
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
dialog: Chgs. 2-16-77
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Please don't make me laugh. I'm not
dialog: on your side,
dialog: ELLLOT (always moving closer)
dialog: I can smell your hair ,when you walk
dialog: by my door. I could be sleeping, my
dialog: nostrils wake me up and say, "Who dat
dialog: comin' down de street?"
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: You're embarrassing me. I'm 33, I'm
dialog: not supposed to get embarrassed any-
dialog: more.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: If you were a Broadway musical, they'd
dialog: come out humming your face.
dialog: (he kisses her again)
speaker_heading: PAULA.
dialog: No... Please... Don't do that... Don't
dialog: make me feel happy... I hate that god-
dialog: dam "it's wonderful to be alive" feel-
dialog: ing... Don't come into my life, I
dialog: just got through putting up all che
dialog: fences.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Can't I even see you to your door?
dialog: It's a rough neighborhoed.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Elliot----
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Yes, call me Elliot. I've already
dialog: bitten your neck.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Elliot... I'm praying... I pray to God
dialog: this is all gone in the morning.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: The hell you do!... I'll meet you in
dialog: the kitchen tomorrow night. Don't
dialog: dress!
text: She breaks away and runs into her bedroom, closing
text: the door.
speaker_heading: P97
dialog: 106
speaker_heading: CONT'D =
dialog: (4)
dialog: P.98
scene_heading: EXT, COLISEUM - NIGHT 107
text: The lights on the marquee turn off. Paula emerges from
text: a side door...Donna suddenly comes running out after her.
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: Paula!...Paula!
text: (Paula stops. Donna comes
dialog: up to her)
dialog: Where you running?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: I want to see Lucy before she goes
dialog: to bed.
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: I have a message for you...The
text: Maserati people are throwing a small
dialog: - party upstairs at 21.,.This guy Giorgio,
dialog: the one who smells better than us -- he
dialog: specifically asked for you..."Da girl
dialog: wiz de laughing teeth''...
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: I can't. I have to get home.
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: I don't understand. He's gorgeous.
dialog: He told me to tell you he was.
speaker_heading: PAULA /
dialog: Gee, if it was any other time.
dialog: (and she is gone)
speaker_heading: DONNA (to hersel£)
dialog: What's a better time than when
dialog: you're still alive?
text: And she runs off.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY APARTMENT HOUSE - NIGHT 108
text: Paula comes bounding up the last few steps, breathless...
text: She runs to the door, then stops. Quickly takes out a
text: small hairbrush and quickly brushes her hair...Then
text: takes out key and opens the door.
scene_heading: INT, APARTMENT . 109
text: Paula rushes into the apartment...Hanging from the
text: ceiling right in the entranceway is a note, hung from
text: a string. She reads it. It says: “See note pinned
text: on sleeping child’.
scene_heading: INT, BEDROOM 110
text: Paula opens the door and walks in. Lucy is asleep in
text: the bed. There is a note pinned on her nightgown.
text: Paula unpins it and reads it.
speaker_heading: INSERT ~ NOTE
dialog: “This is Sleeping Child..,Kiss her
dialog: goodnight and come up to roaf for
dialog: private party.,.Dress Formal".
text: . She smiles, leans over and kisses Lucy.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOF - NIGHT 111
text: The roof door opens and Paula walks out, cautiously.
text: It is extremely dark...She locks around.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Elliot?...Elliot, are you here? ...
dialog: Say something, I don't like this.
text: Suddenly we hear SOFT MUSIC playing...A match is struck
text: and a candle is lit...She crosses to it...A wooden box
text: has been set upright, with two of her kitcheh chairs on
text: either side. There are two glasses on the box and a
text: bottle of domestic champagne...From behind her, we
dialog: hear a voice, Bogart-Lixa:
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: I said it was formal, kid!
text: She turns around and right behind her is Elliot in a
text: 1930's tuxedo. She doesn't know whether to laugh or cry.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: This party has to be over by 9 a.m.
dialog: otherwise it’s another five bucks
dialog: for the suit.
text: He takes her in his arms, twirls her and dances with her.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT ;
dialog: Don't panic! Even Ginger was nervous
dialog: the first time she danced with me..
text: He starts to hum "Dancing Cheek to Cheek" in her ear.
text: Tears come to her eyes,
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: What are you crying about?
speaker_heading: P.100
speaker_heading: PAULA (shrugs) LLL
dialog: Kill me, I'm a sucker for romance. CONT'D
dialog: . 2
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Elliot Garfield is a many faceted
dialog: individual.
text: He spins her around, then dances close...into her ear,
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: I got a job...A real job...A real
dialog: acting job.
speaker_heading: PAULA (excited)
dialog: You did?...Where?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: “The Inventory''. An improvisational
dialog: group on Charles Street.,.They saw
dialog: Richard the Third and said if I
dialog: ceuld do that, I could do anything.
text: We hear THUNDER and see Lightning in the distance.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Oh, no. Don't let it rain.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Don't worry about it. The suit is
dialog: toe big for me anyway...I auditioned
dialog: for them this afternoon. Improvis-
dialog: ation, you understand,..With this
dialog: girl, Linda. Very talented girl.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Is she pretty?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: No, no. Ugly. Very unpugged nose...
dialog: I did Abraham Lincotn. Mary Tedd is
text: . out of town and General Grant takes
dialog: me to a cat house in Virginia. I'm
dialog: trying to be very dignified, you know.
dialog: "Now, now, young lady, don't pull the
dialog: beard. I'm the President"...
text: Paula suddenly throws her arms around him and gives him.
text: a long, hard kiss...
text: Another clap of THUNDER and it suddenly begins to
dialog: -pour on them...
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Don't stop. I never danced in the
dialog: vain.
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
scene_heading: Chgs. 2-16-77 P.101
speaker_heading: ELLIOT LiL
dialog: The hell with the dancing, my CONT'D
dialog: pizza's getting drenched. (3)
text: INT, STEPS LEADING OUT TO ROOF 112
text: They have moved inside out of the rain. The door is
text: ajar and we can see the rain on the roof...The candle
text: has been reset on the stairs and lit...They are drinking
text: their champagne and eating their pizza.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: ...You get the feeling we're eating
dialog: wet tennis shoes?
dialog: (They eat)
dialog: «..So what happened when you found
dialog: out about this other girl and Tony?
speaker_heading: PAULA
text: Bobby. Tony comes after Bobby.
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Well, it happens all the time on the
dialog: road. He's gone six months with a
text: play and he gets lonely. The only
dialog: time you have a good marriage is when
dialog: your husband is in a flop. He's broke
text: but he's home.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Where'd you meet Tony?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: a+.I'm ashamed to tell you.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: PAULA
text: . L saw him in "Iceman Cometh" at
dialog: - Circle-in-the Square. He wasn't
dialog: very good but he was gorgeous.
dialog: Couldu't take my eyes off him. Don't
dialog: laugh -- I waited till he came out of
dialog: the stage door and introduced myself...
dialog: Like a regular groupie. A week later I
dialog: moved in with him. I used to do things
dialog: like thar. .
speaker_heading: why? ELLIOT
dialog: v2
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
scene_heading: Chgs. 12-15-76 . P.102
speaker_heading: PAULA 112
dialog: When you dance in the chorus of a CONT'p
dialog: musical, the boys usually have (2)
text: higher voices than the girls. Ten
dialog: years of that and you get very hung
dialog: up on macho men...Thank God I've
dialog: gotten through that period.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: I'll let that remark pass.
text: They look at each other.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: «..Are we going to sleep with
dialog: each other tonight?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Of all the ‘right up fronc' girls
dialog: I ever met, you're right up front.
dialog: +«eHow do you feel about it?
speaker_heading: PAULA
text: Nervous!...A pushover, but nervous.
text: They look at each other and suddenly start to giggle
text: like a couple of kids.
speaker_heading: 113 OUT
scene_heading: INT. - BEDROOM HALLWAY - DAWN . 114
text: The door of Elliot's room opens...Paula comes out
text: wearing her robe. She closes his door quietly, then
text: tiptoés down the hall to her room.
scene_heading: INT. - PAULA'S BEDROOM 115
text: Lucy ds asleep. Light is just filtering into the
text: room. The door slowly opens and Paula enters. She
text: tiptoes across the room, and tries to get into the
text: bed noiselessly...But Lucy stirs and turns.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Where were you?
speaker_heading: : PAULA
dialog: I couldn't sleep so I went inside
dialog: to read.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: What did you read?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: “The Life of Lincoln"...What's the
dialog: difference?...Go back to sleep.
text: They both turn over, lying back to back...A few
dialog: seconds pass and then --
speaker_heading: LucY
dialog: «.+-When do I move back to my old
dialog: room?
text: Paula turns her head slightly and looks over her
text: shoulder at Lucy.
scene_heading: THE KITCHEN - DAY
text: Early the next morming..-Lucy 1s unenthuslastically
text: eating her breakfast.,.Paula is cooking bacon...She
text: glances over at Lucy epprehensively. She puts the
text: bacon in a dish then sits down next to Lucy and eats.
text: or rather picks ac it. There is an air of tension
text: this morning. Elliot appears in the doorway. He is
text: bright and chipper.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Good morning, everybody!...Please,
dialog: no applause. .
text: {he sits and starts to
dialog: nibble on some bacon)
dialog: And what's new chis morning?
text: He suddenly realizes no one is talking to him. He
text: looks at Paula who tries to get the signal across to
text: him thar Lucy is upset.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: There is nothing new this morning...
dialog: Okay... -
dialog: (he bites into his bacon)
dialog: They say this kid Lindbergh is gonna
dialog: try to fly the Atlantic.
dialog: (no response...to Lucy)
dialog: James Stewart's gonna try ic in the
dialog: movie.
dialog: (ne response)
dialog: P.103
dialog: 115
speaker_heading: CONT'D
dialog: (2)
dialog: 116
dialog: wn
speaker_heading: - PAULA
dialog: She didn't sleep too well last night.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: I guess no one did...
dialog: (shé gets up)
dialog: See you tonight.
dialog: (picks up her books)
text: And she is gone. The door closes behind her. Elliot
text: looks at Paula.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: . We've been found out, have we? Funny,
dialog: I thought the kid was reoting for us.
speaker_heading: > PAULA
dialog: Don't call her 'kid'. She doesn't
dialog: like to be called ‘kid’.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Obh?...Sorry...In Chicago it's an
dialog: expression of endearment...lika
dialog: "Hya, kid",..."How's it goin’, kid?...
dialog: (more seriously)
dialog: What's wrong, kid?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Glad to hear it...Any buttered toast?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: She's scared, that's all.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Lucy?
speaker_heading: - PAULA
dialog: - She's afraid what happened before is
dialog: going to happen again.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: What are you two, partners? I thought
dialog: it was just you and me last night.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: What happens to my Life affects hers...
dialog: and I'm scared too...Listen, would you
dialog: be terribly hurt if we just forgot all
dialog: about last night?
dialog: P.104
dialog: 116
speaker_heading: CONT'D
dialog: (2)
speaker_heading: P.1LOS
speaker_heading: ELLIOT 116
dialog: It's too late. I've already made CONT'D
dialog: the entry in my diary... (3)
text: She goes to sink and starts to wash the dishes...
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Look at me. I'm standing here with
text: sweaty palms and I have my hands in
dialog: cold water...I don't know what you're
dialog: thinking this morning, what's on your
dialog: mind. Instead of asking me so many
dialog: goddamn questions you can at least
dialog: say tome, "Last night was wonderful",
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Last night was wonderful.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Instead of worrying about your Lousy
dialog: breakfast and your buttered toast,
dialog: you can look at me and say, "I'm
dialog: erazy about you".
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: I'm crazy about you.
speaker_heading: PAULA :
dialog: Oh, it's easy enough to say after
dialog: I've told you to say it...Why couldn't
dialog: you touch me? Hold my hand, stroke
dialog: my hair, let me know that there was
dialog: some really nice feeling that existed
dialog: between the two of us?
text: He starts to get up towards her, she backs away.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Forget it. It's too late. Not if I
dialog: have to think of everything for you.
dialog: - «..Oh, my God, I must be crazy, Crazy!!
dialog: I keep doing the same damn thing to my-
dialog: self over and over again. When am T
dialog: ever going to learn?...Listen, I'm
text: really not up to falling in love again.
dialog: Ie's too much work. I think we would
dialog: all be a lot better off if you packed
dialog: your things up and left...Nothing
dialog: personal.
text: He stares at her for along time.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: ~.sNOW I know why they all lefe!!!
dialog: e gets op)
dialog: Crackers! Animal crackers, Lady!...
dialog: (continued)
dialog: P,106
speaker_heading: ELLIOT (cont'd) 116
dialog: You have a severe case of emotional CONT'D
dialog: re-tar-dation! (4)
dialog: che starts "For his door)
dialog: Iam not leaving, I am escaping!.,.
dialog: lg any mail comes for’me, Keep itt
dialog: I'm not giving you any forwarding
dialog: addresses:
text: He goes into his room, slams the door hard behind him.
text: Paula starts to cry...The door opens a moment later
text: and Elliot stands there holding his empty suitcase
text: in his hand.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: -. BUT -- in passing, I would just
dialog: like Co say last night was ter-rif- -fie!
dialog: «..The Super Bowl of Romance!...I give
dialog: it a fat nine on a scale of ten. You
dialog: get one off for burping your wine, but
dialog: all in all, 2a very respectable score.
speaker_heading: PAULA (furious)
dialog: Don't you get glib about last night.
dialog: It was important to me.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Could you, lower your neurosis a minute,
dialog: please, I'm not finished. «.Don't
dialog: ever tell me when to get affectionate.
dialog: I touch when I want to touch. L
dialog: fondle when L want to fondle. I was
dialog: planning to touch you all during my
dialog: eggs and fondle you right through my -
dialog: coffee,.,However, there is no touch-
dialog: ing during my toast. Toast I have
dialog: alone...You want to know what your
dialog: problem is? You love to love seme-
dialog: body but the minute they take the
dialog: initiative like I did last night, it
dialog: Scares the pants off you -- nothing
dialog: off-color intended. You didn t wait’
dialog: outside any stage door for me! t
dialog: approached first. I touched first...
dialog: And you can't handle that, can you? .
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: That is laughable. . And silly. - ANG
dialog: You're a silly man. You're the’
dialog: silliest man I ever met.
dialog: P.107
speaker_heading: ELLIOT 116
dialog: You know I'm right. and you know CONT'D
dialog: yourself too well co ignore what I'm (5)
dialog: saying. You know what we got here?
dialog: ‘Taming of the Shrew' is what we got
dialog: here...Despite the fact, Kate, that
dialog: you are a large pain in the arse,
dialog: last night was the best thing that
dialog: ever happened to me, girl-wise, and
dialog: 1£ you weren't behaving like such a
dialog: horses rectum this morning, we could
dialog: have been touching and fondling right
dialog: up till five o'clock when I have to
dialog: go to rehearsal...Personally, Madan,
dialog: I think you blew it.
text: And he goes back into his room...Paula stands there
text: a moment...She thinks a moment...Then crosses to his
text: door. She opens it. We can't see much into the
text: room...She looks at the unseen Elliot.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: »e.Don't put the suitcase on the bed!
text: She walks into the room, closing the door behind her.
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOL - DAY | 117
text: The school is getting out, Lucy comes out with a
text: girl friend, Cynthia Fein. They start to walk down
text: the block...An open hansom cab and horse trot slowly
text: alongside. Elliot leans out of the cab, a girl
text: driver is up front.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT (English)
dialog: Lady Anne? The Black Prince is dead.
dialog: England is yours!
dialog: {she looks at hin queerly.
dialog: - He drops his British accent)
dialog: Don't you want England? Spain
dialog: maybe? Spain I can get you cheap.
speaker_heading: LUCY ~
dialog: What are you doing in that thing?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Get in quick, the horse has a
text: meter on him.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Where to?
dialog: a”
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
dialog: Chgs. 1-31-77
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: We are going home...To Tara!
dialog: (hums the theme from ''Gone
dialog: With the Wind’)
dialog: «-.Will you get in.
text: Lucy gets in. The other girl watches. She smiles
text: at him. He smiles back at her.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT (to Girl)
dialog: Cynthia Fein, right?
text: (she nods and giggles)
dialog: Listen, I think you have charisma too.
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA (to Lucy)
dialog: Did you tell him? I never said chat.
dialog: (the cab pulls away)
dialog: Wait'lL I gee you, Lucy.
text: They drive off down the black.
scene_heading: EXT. - PLATFORM TO TRAM ~ DAY
text: We see the steps leading up to the tram that goes to
text: Roosevelt Island. Lucy and Elliot climbing steps.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Why'd we get out of the carriage?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Because the man wouldn't take
dialog: Confederate money.
scene_heading: INT. - FUNICULAR
text: It is riding aloft. Lucy and Elliot looking out.
speaker_heading: . ELLIOT
dialog: You wanna go to my opening tonight?..
dialog: Lowe you a good time after the last
dialog: one. :
speaker_heading: LUCY (locking out)
dialog: I have homework.
dialog: P.106
dialog: 147
speaker_heading: CONT'S
dialog: (2)
speaker_heading: LWA +
speaker_heading: 1218
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
scene_heading: ches. 12-15-76 P.1084
speaker_heading: ELLIOT 118
dialog: What are you sore about? Me and CONT'b
dialog: your Mom? qq)
dialog: Lucy ’
dialog: It's none of my business.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Well, since you and I will be
dialog: exchanging rooms tonight, I think
dialog: it is...Omly I'm a linrle old
dialog: fashioned. I want your approval.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Me?...I'm only cen years old.
dialog: I'm not allowed cto vote yet.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: L like your style, kid, I really do...
dialog: Sorry. lI hear you don't like being
dialog: called ‘kid’.
speaker_heading: LUCY (shrugs)
dialog: I'm a kid, it fits.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: «e-Do you Like me?
dialog: Lucy
dialog: You're wasting a lot of money, I'm
dialog: not enjoying this ride.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Answer my question, De you like ae?
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Ask Cynthia Fein, she's crazy about
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: I'm going to keep asking till 2 get
dialog: am answer, Do you-Like-me?
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Cam I get out of this thing, I'm
text: getting nauseous.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Answer me, goddammic! Yes or No!
dialog: It makes no difference to me either
dialog: way because I'a moving in with your
dialog: old lady anyway but I want to hear
dialog: it first from your own lips. Yes
dialog: or Not
dialog: Lucy (tears coming to
dialog: her eyes)
dialog: No!...Yes.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Was that yes?
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: A lot? ELLTOR
dialog: Yes! LUCY (crying)
dialog: es!
dialog: 
dialog: P.109
dialog: 118
speaker_heading: CONT'D
dialog: (2)
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
dialog: Chgs. 1-31-77
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: A really really REALLY LOT???
dialog: Lucy
dialog: YES! YES! ALRIGHT?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Well, as much as you like me, it's
dialog: not one one-thousandth as much as
dialog: I'm nuts about you...Swear to God,
dialog: Luce.
dialog: (tears streaming down her
dialog: face)
dialog: And I don't care if you cry your head
dialog: off, I'm gonna tell it to you...I am
dialog: certifiably nuts about you end your
dialog: ditsy Mommy, now blow that into your
dialog: handkerchief.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: .I don't have a handkerchief.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Then cry on the people!
scene_heading: INT. COLISEUM LOBBY - DAY
text: Paula and Donna coming down escalator.
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: -. Moving in with vou? You mean the
dialog: two of you together!
speaker_heading: PAULA (looks around
dialog: embarrassed) -
dialog: A little louder, Donna, they didn't
text: hear it in the street.
speaker_heading: - DONNA
dialog: - Oh, God.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Please! Don't say, "Oh, God",
dialog: Because I've been saying it all day.
dialog: I'm shakey enough, be encouraging.
dialog: IT'LL pay you for it,
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: When are you gonna learn?
dialog: P.11lo
dialog: 118
speaker_heading: CONT' 3
dialog: G3)
dialog: 119
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
dialog: Chgs. 12-15-76
speaker_heading: P.LLL
speaker_heading: PAULA 119
dialog: I've learned. I went cto school CONT ' 5
dialog: -twice and flunked. But he's diff- (2)
dialog: erent. This is a good man, Donna.
dialog: He's sweet and he's ‘gentle and he's
dialog: funny and he's loving.
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: And he's an actor.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Only by trade. By birth he's a person.
speaker_heading: 120 OUT
scene_heading: INT. THEATER 121
text: It is a tiny theater. On stage, a sketch has just
text: finished, Blackout, Applause...The lights come
text: back on...Elliot and a girl, Linda, are putting down
text: stools. They sit.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Can we have the house lights up,
dialog: please?
text: House lights go up. We see the audience. Lucy is
text: sitting down front. .
speaker_heading: _ ELLIOT
dialog: «..Okay, now it's your turn. A
dialog: litcle improvisation” from the audi-
dialog: ence...How many authors have we got
dialog: out there tonight, heh? ...Give us
dialog: the situation and the characters,
dialog: Linda and I will do the rest...Alright,
dialog: - who's got a situation?...Come on...1
text: see a hand.
dialog: GIRL (with raised hand)
text: A boy calling a girl for a date.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
text: A boy calling 2 girl for a date...
text: the situation is a boy calling a girl
dialog: for a date..,Who's the boy?
speaker_heading: MAN (calls out)
dialog: Albert Einstein!
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
scene_heading: Chgs. 12-15-76 P.112
speaker_heading: ELLIOT 121
dialog: Albert Einstein is the boy...and CONT'D
dialog: the girl -- 5 (1)
speaker_heading: GIRL (calls out)
dialog: Gertrude Stein.
text: Audience laughs and APPLAUDS.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: It's possible. Their mothers could
dialog: have arranged it...Oxay, Albert
dialog: Einstein calling Gertrude Stein for
dialog: a date...
text: He confers briefly with Linda. She nods. He sits
text: up and dials phone in pantomime. House Lights dim.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT (dials,
dialog: German accent)
dialog: Fife... seven... nein... tzvei...
dialog: fuften tzvantek... square root of
dialog: three... und six to the eighth
dialog: power of a parallelogram...
dialog: (he waits)
dialog: Ring, ring, ring... und final ring.
dialog: LINDA (picks up phone)
dialog: Hello is hello is hella?
speaker_heading: : ELLIOT
dialog: Hello?...Miss Shtein?
speaker_heading: LINDA (tongue in
text: mouth, barely audible)
dialog: Yes. This is Miss Stein. Who is
dialog: calling is calling is calling?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Vots dat? Could you shpeak up, pleez?
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: I'm sorry. I was eating my brownie.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: A brownie? How do you get a camera in
dialog: your mouth?
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
scene_heading: Chgs. 12-15-76 P.Li2a4
speaker_heading: LINDA L21
dialog: I'm sorry, but I'm very busy living CONT'p
dialog: my aucoblography. Who is this? (2)
speaker_heading: ELLIOT ‘
text: This is Albert Einstein. Relatively
text: long distance from Princeton.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Oh, Princeton...How are things over
dialog: there?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: We beat Dartmouth today, twenty one
dialog: to seven pi square.
dialog: P.113
speaker_heading: LINDA 121
dialog: Isn't that nice?... One moment, CONT'D
dialog: please... Pablo, will you please (3)
dialog: stop crying. I'm sick of your blue
dialog: period... Hello? Yes, I'm sorry.
dialog: You were saying --
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: You sound busy. I'm not disturbing
dialog: you, am I?
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: No, no. Not at all. I was just
dialog: taking a bath -- Alice, stop
dialog: splashing, I'm on the phone --
dialog: Go on, Alberc,
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Vell, you don't remember me, but
dialog: ven ve were eight poinc three
dialog: seven years old, I sat next to you
dialog: in math --
speaker_heading: h? LINDA
dialog: Math?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT .
dialog: ‘I think it’s short for mathematics.
dialog: I'm not sure... Anvay, I sat next
dialog: to you... t had straight black
dialog: hair, plastered down vith vasoline -
dialog: e* und you said, "Vash it, for
dialog: erise sakes, vash ic!™.,, :
speaker_heading: LINDA
text: One moment, Albert. Ernest
dialog: Hemingway just walked in... What
dialog: are you looking for, Ernie?...
dialog: A bottle of Scotch and a rifle?
dialog: «++ It's right over there, Across
text: the river and into the trees...
dialog: I'm sorry. You ware saying,
dialog: Albert -- ? .
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Vell, I vashed my hair und I grew
dialog: up... Und I'm doing very vell,
dialog: thank you... I von three Nobel
dialog: prizes und I'm making sixty-five
dialog: dollars a month teaching school...
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Oh, Jesus!
dialog: 
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
scene_heading: Chgs. 12-15-76 P.1ls
speaker_heading: ELLIOT — 121
dialog: Iss somesing wrong? ao
speaker_heading: LINDA
text: Scotty Fitzgerald just threw up on
text: Zelda...Pablo's cleaning it up with
dialog: a brush...0h, Pablo. It's a master-
dialog: piece. I'll buy it...Go on, Alsy!
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Alsy?....Vell, I vas thinking about
dialog: you yesterday...I was out on der
dialog: lake, nuclear fishing...Und I said
dialog: to myself, "Albert, you are not get-
dialog: ting any younger. Time is passing."
dialog: Und den I actually saw time passing.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: What did it look Like?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: It looked exactly the same as when
dialog: time iss coming at you. Only now
text: you see it from the back, passing.
dialog: I drew a diagram of it. I'1l send
dialog: it to you. You can frame it,..Und I
dialog: decided to call you up und ask you
dialog: if you'd like to ga to the Physicists’
dialog: Ball...It's a dance for physicists...
dialog: They're gonna have Robert Oppenheimer
dialog: und his band...Goad food, hydrogen
dialog: and tonics, you'll love it.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: When is it?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Saturday night...From ten o'clock
dialog: to infinicy!
scene_heading: INT. - PAULA'S BEDROOM - NIGHT 122
text: Paula and Elliot in bed. He is staring up at the
text: eeiling. She is cuddled up in his arms...A quiet
dialog: scene, -
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: «..You know what I would like more
dialog: than anything in the whole world?
dialog: My very own living room set... The
dialog: women libbers will kill me, but God,
dialog: how I love being a housewife.
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
dialog: Chgs. 12-15-76
text: ELLIOT (in his own reverie)
dialog: ...What a nice feeling to hear real
dialog: applause... I took che entire audi-
dialog: ence's names and addresses, we'll
dialog: have them over to dinner one night.
speaker_heading: PAULA .
dialog: And we definitely have to repaint
dialog: this bedroom, okay?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: I'm redecorating. What coler do you
dialog: want the bedroom?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT (looks up)
dialog: Jewish!
speaker_heading: MONTAGE:
scene_heading: INT. - LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: The furniture is covered with canvas. A single
text: house PAINTER is doing the walls. Half the wall is
text: done, Paula looks at it, shakes her nead, "NO,"
text: runs inside and comes out with a shirt on a hanger,
text: showing him the color she wants.
scene_heading: INT. - STAIRCASE
text: Two unhappy MOVING MEN are trying to negotiate the
text: stairs with a brand new, heavy sofa. ~
scene_heading: INT. .- LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: Paula, on a ladder, is putting up curtains on the
text: left side of the window. On the right side, Lucy
text: is sitting on Elliot's shoulders and trying to ham-
text: mer a hook into the wall.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP OF PHOTO IN "HOUSE AND GARDENS" MAGAZINE
text: It is a picture of a room where Paula apparently
dialog: got many of her decorating ideas. The CAMERA GOES
text: UP ABOVE the photo and we SEZ the room itself. It
speaker_heading: P.LLS
dialog: 122
speaker_heading: CONT'S
dialog: (2)
dialog: 123
speaker_heading: 1234
speaker_heading: 1238
speaker_heading: 123C
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
dialog: Chgs. 12-15-76
text: “has been redone and finished. It can't compare
dialog: with the photo in the magazine, but for the money
dialog: they had to spend, it is quite nice.
text: Paula, with the magazine in her hand, surveys her
text: work. Elliot comes over to her, zipping up his
dialog: jacket.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Something's wrong. Something didn't
dialog: come out right. What's wrong with
dialog: it, Elliot?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Well, for one thing, it's not on
dialog: Park Avenue.
text: He puts his arms around her waist and tries to kiss
text: her neck but she's more interested in the room.
dialog: I really could use an arm chair over
dialog: there. How many more weeks-do you
dialog: have to play before 1 can have an
dialog: arm chair?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: If you'll cake one withouc arms,
dialog: about a year.
dialog: (he kisses her)
dialog: Momma Bear has done the cave real
dialog: nice.
dialog: (he starts away)
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Where are you going?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: I've got to plow the north forty.
speaker_heading: - PAULA
dialog: What north forty?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Jeez! Put an apron on the girl and
dialog: she loses her sharpness...I've got
dialog: a matinee, It's Sunday. -
speaker_heading: PAULA (disappointed)
dialog: Oh! Korvettes is open. I thoughe
dialog: you'd help me pick out some lamps.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Take Lucy.
speaker_heading: P.lle
dialog: 123¢
speaker_heading: CONT'S
dialog: (2)
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
scene_heading: Chgs. 12-15-76 P.117
dialog: LUCY (calls out from 123¢
dialog: the bedroom) CONT'=
dialog: Lucy has homework. (3)
text: Elliot shrugs and starts for the door. Paula runs
text: after him.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Hey!
text: (he stops. She puts
text: her arms around him)
dialog: I'm crazy about you.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: and I'm fond of you. I chink you
dialog: have some very nice qualities.
dialog: (he opens the door)
dialog: By the way, leave Tuesday morning
dialog: open.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: What are we doing Tuesday morning?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: How do blood tests strike you?
text: He goes and closes the door, leaving a very stunned
text: Paula standing in the room.
speaker_heading: 124 OCT
scene_heading: BACKSTACE - THEATER - DAY 125
text: The show is just over. The seven or eight members
text: of the cast are heading for their cubicles. Elliot
text: is talking to Linda.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT (excited)
dialog: Four stars! Thar was a definite
dialog: four-star show. That's one I'd like
dialog: to bottle.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: T just want to go home and sleep
dialog: till Wednesday.
text: Elliot enters his tiny little cubicle. It has no
dialog: door. Just a little curtain that you pull to the
text: side. He pulls his clesed and starts to undress.
text: He yells our to the rest of the company overhead.
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
scene_heading: Chgs. 12-15-76 P.118
speaker_heading: ELLIOT (yelling) 125
dialog: Deputy? There's no air in here. CONT'D
dialog: Give the actors some AIR. We're (2)
dialog: human beings, not cattle. Ler's
dialog: hear it for the actdrs!
text: The other actors give Elliot a rousing CHEER. He
text: is undressed by now and just has a towel draped
text: around his middle.
text: A VOICE is HEARD from behind the curtain.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Hello? Is anyone in that thing?
speaker_heading: : ELLIOT
dialog: Who's that?
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: I would knock but I don'c know how
text: te knock on a curtain.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Who is that?
text: He ‘pulls back the curtain. A very impressive man
text: and a ravishing young WOMAN stand there. The man
text: is OLIVER FREY.
speaker_heading: FREY
dialog: Hello. Oliver Frey.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT (dumbfounded)
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: FREY -
dialog: Oliver Frey...Is thas all right?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: - Oliver Frey, the director?
speaker_heading: FREY
dialog: I believe so.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT (beaming)
dialog: No kidding?...Jesus, it's nice to
dialog: meet you...Qliver Frey, whaddya know.
text: They shake hands, crowded in the tiny cubicle.
speaker_heading: GIRL (foreign accent)
dialog: Pleased to meet you.
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
dialog: Ghgs. 12-15-76
speaker_heading: FREY
dialog: This is Gretchen. It's not possible
dialog: to pronounce her lasc name.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: It's okay. How do you do.
text: (he extends his hand
dialog: and drops his towel)
dialog: Woops! Sorry about thar.
dialog: (as he grabs it back)
speaker_heading: GRETCHEN
dialog: Don't worry. IL wasn't bored.
speaker_heading: FREY
dialog: We thought you were wonderful.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Really? Is that what you thought?
speaker_heading: FREY
dialog: I have very Little reason to lie.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Well, it's a good group. They're
dialog: all terrific kids.
speaker_heading: FREY
dialog: I loved them all... You're very
dialog: talented, you know.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT (embarrassed)
dialog: Oh?....Okay...Thanks.
speaker_heading: FREY
dialog: Well, we don't want to keep you. I
dialog: just had one question I wanted to
dialog: ask. Would you be interested in a
dialog: movie?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: You mean making one?
speaker_heading: FREY
dialog: Well, we could go to one but I think
dialog: working is much more fun.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT .
dialog: With you? Yeah. I'm interested.
speaker_heading: FREY
dialog: Tam too.
dialog: P.1ig
dialog: 125
speaker_heading: CONT'D
dialog: (3)
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
scene_heading: Chgs. 12-15-76 P.liga
speaker_heading: ELLIOT 125
dialog: Certainly, I'm interested...You CONT'D
dialog: kidding? Sure. (4)
speaker_heading: FREY
dialog: Ie's not the world's largese part
dialog: but I think you'll have fun. Lf 1
dialog: said you leave tonight, would thac
dialog: be rushing you?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Tonight?
speaker_heading: FREY
dialog: Why don't we leave all that co the
dialog: business people. Is there someone [
dialog: ¢an contact? An agent? A mother?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Er, Toby Richards, 601 Madison.
speaker_heading: . FREY :
dialog: A wonderful woman. I know her well.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT |
dialog: I never did a movie, you know. I
dialog: just want you to knew that.
speaker_heading: FREY
dialog: Honesty is my favorite virtue. You'll
dialog: be replacing an actor I didn't Like...
dialog: You were really wonderful. I look
dialog: forward to it...and so, I’ suppose,
dialog: goodbye.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Er, right. Yeah, Goodbye.
dialog: (he shakes his
dialog: hand. To Gretchen)
dialog: Nice meeting you. Sorry I exposed
dialog: myself,
speaker_heading: FREY
dialog: I suppose you want your deor closed.
text: Frey pulls the curtain on his way out... Elliot
text: sits in his chair, stunned. He looks at- himself in
dialog: the mirror.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: .+e-That was Oliver Frey...You're
dialog: going ta be in his movie.
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
scene_heading: Chgs. 12-15-76 P.11ig93
text: And suddenly, the HEADS of everyone in the cast 125
text: APPEAR OVERHEAD on, each side of his cubicle. CONT'D
dialog: (5).
speaker_heading: ALL .
dialog: Terrific. Congratulations. Take
dialog: me with you.
speaker_heading: 126-127 OUT
scene_heading: EXT. - 78TH STREET - LATE AFTERNOON 128
text: Paula, excited and happy, comes down the street
text: carrying two large lamps, fairly bursting out of
text: their wrapping. She gecs to her house and starts
text: up the stairs. Lucy is sitcing on the top stair,
text: looking quite glum.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: What are you doing out here?...You
dialog: didn't lock yourself out again,
dialog: did you?
text: Lucy looks at her. She is angry and hurt.
speaker_heading: PAULA (Cont'd) .
dialog: Lucy, what is it?
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: Act least we didn't get a letter
dialog: this time. :
text: A look of panic crosses over Paula's face. She
text: rushes past Lucy into the building.
scene_heading: INT. - STAIRCASE 128A
text: Paula rushes up the stairs, panic«stricken. She is
text: barely able to manage the two lamps in her arms.
scene_heading: INT. - BEDROOM . 129
text: Elliot has his duffel bag and suitcase on the bed.
text: Re is almost all packed. He looks up at-her.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Sending that stuff out to the laundry?
dialog: ».L hope.
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
scene_heading: Chgs. 12-15-76 P.119c
speaker_heading: ELLIOT 129
dialog: I got a picture. ay
dialog: l
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: I got a picture, Paula.,.I got a movie.
text: Her body leans againse the archway, everything drain-
text: ing away from her inside.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: +. Ohbhh, shit!
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: What are you talking about?...It's
text: a terrific picture. Oliver Frey is
dialog: directing...~I have to be in Seattle
dialog: on Location tomorrow morning.
dialog: (no response)
dialog: Seattle, Washington.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: I know where it is...Far away.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Who cares? [I'm not walking. ..They
dialog: left a first class cickec ac che air-
dialog: port...It's a four week job at two
dialog: thousand a week...I mean, it's oe
dialog: freakin' Oliver Frey!,..Chrisc, I
dialog: forgot to ask what the part was.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: That's wonderful.
dialog: ELLIOT (throwing more
dialog: things in bag)
dialog: I'm noc making any comparisons, but
dialog: whoever heard of Al Pacine before
dialog: “The Gadfather''?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: I couldn't be happier for you,
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Jesus, I an so scared,..Spend twenty
dialog: years building up my ego and when I
dialog: really need it, it locks itself in
dialog: the john.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: It'll come back to you...Trust me,
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: What's wrong? Ie's four weeks work,
dialog: Four lousy weeks, that's a week less
dialog: than five.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: ELLIOL
dialog: No, you don't know...You think you're
dialog: getting dumped on again, don't you?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: You tell me you'll be back, why
dialog: shouldn't I believe you?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: _ Because if I were you, I wouldn't be-
dialog: lieve an actor who was packing either.
speaker_heading: PAULA(cresses ta bed)
dialog: Need any help?
text: (She leoks at open, empty
dialog: drawers)
dialog: No, I see you took everything.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: They said it's freezing up there, to
dialog: take all my warm clothing.
text: (he sees the tears welling
dialog: up in her eyes)
dialog: Paula, you know IT would take you if
dialog: I could...Buc it's way up in the mount-
dialog: ains, very rough country...They have
dialog: wolves up there..,Not in the picture,
dialog: real hungry wolves.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: I always got along fine with wolves.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: T thought you would be excited. Jump-
dialog: ing up and down...2 mean, it's what
dialog: I've worked for my whole life...Isn't
dialog: that whac a mature relationship is all
dialog: about? You root for me and I root for
dialog: you? ‘
speaker_heading: P.220
dialog: 129
speaker_heading: CONT'D
dialog: (2)
speaker_heading: P.1L21
speaker_heading: PAULA 129
dialog: +«.It's my third time as a cheer CONT'D
dialog: leader. (3)
speaker_heading: ELLIOT (coptrolling
dialog: himself)
dialog: Okay. - Okay, I get the point...For-
dialog: get it. I'm not going It's not
dialog: worth it. Not if f have to put you
dialog: through four weeks of hell wondering
dialog: whether I'm coming back or not...If
dialog: I got this picture, I can get another
dialog: one...I'm not going, okay?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: The hell I'm not. That's crazy!
dialog: Why SRould I do a dumb stupid thing
dialog: because you don's trust me? I'm
dialog: going. You'rs just gonna have to
dialog: trust me...Are you gonna trust me,
dialog: Paula?
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: I'Ll plan my days around it.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT (furious)
dialog: Danmmit!!...Dammit-to-helLl!!...I hate
dialog: those two guys who walked oun of here.
dialog: Iim the only one who's coming back end
dialog: I'm getting all the blame.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: No.-.You go, Elliot...1I want you co
dialog: go...1f you come back, fine. I'LL
dialog: be right here pucti mg up my wallpaper.
dialog: And i£ not, that! s okay. too...I'll miss
dialog: you but L'll survive, Elliot, because
dialog: I've grown up these last two months.
dialog: Look at me. L'm all grow up. Ie
dialog: was better chan spending a sumer at
dialog: camp. I have never felt better or
dialog: stronger in my life. Somebody is
dialog: actually walking out that door and I'm
text: not crumbling into a million pieces... - :
dialog: Oh, Jesus, it feels good.,.Goodbye, 2 tio
dialog: Elliot, Make a nice movie, .-Have a
dialog: wonderful career and if you're ever up
dialog: for an Academy Award, L swear to God
dialog: T'll keep my fingers ‘crossed for you.
dialog: The Gooddys Girt
scene_heading: Chgs. 1-31+77 P.122
speaker_heading: ELLIOT - 129
dialog: What is there about you that makes CONT!
dialog: aman with a one forty seven 1.Q. (4)
dialog: feel like a dribbling idiot.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Whatever itn is, I thank God for it.
text: There is a bolt of lightning, and a crack of THUNDER
dialog: outside.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: .-. You're welcome, God.
text: It starts to rain. Elliot closes his bags and starts out.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Interesting lesson I've just learned.
dialog: Falling in love and becoming success-
dialog: ful may very well be the worst thing
dialog: that can happen to a man.
text: Re starts out. As he hits the archway, we hear
text: another clap of THUNDER. He stops.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT : :
dialog: If my plane crashes in that storm,
dialog: I'm coming back to haunt you...I'LL
dialog: be dragging chains all over this goddamn
dialog: apartment until you're ninety.
dialog: (he turns, Lucy is there)
dialog: So long, kid! See you, kid!
dialog: {and he is gone)
scene_heading: INT. ~ PAULA'S BEDROOM ~ NIGHT ' 130
text: We hear THUNDER outside...RAIN POUNDING against the windcws.
text: Paula, in her robe, is sitting and stirring a cup of
text: tea rather aimlessly. Lucy appears.
speaker_heading: LUCY
dialog: I can't sleep.
speaker_heading: PAULA (glumly)
dialog: Give it five minutes. You just got in bed.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: Iocan predict che future.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Yeah?.,.How about predicting mine.
dialog: The phone RINGS,
dialog: 
speaker_heading: D
dialog: s
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
dialog: . . Chgs. 12-15-76
dialog: Lucy .
dialog: LI predict a phone ringing in your
dialog: life. :
text: Paula lets it RING again, then picks it up.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Hello?
scene_heading: THE PHONE BCOTH ON THE CORNER - NIGHT
text: It is the same one Elliot originally called from.
text: He is very wet. A cab is waiting on the curb.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Get dressed.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: What?
scene_heading: (THE PHONE SEQUENCES SHOULD BE INTERCUT AS DESIRED)
speaker_heading: ELLIOT ,
dialog: Get dressed, you're coming with me.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Where are you?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: On the corner, in my old Leaky phone
text: booth,..The plane has engine trouble.
dialog: We're delayed two hours. I cashed
dialog: in first class for two economy's.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: What about Lucy?
speaker_heading: - LUCY
dialog: - Den't worry abour Lucy.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Call Donna...She can stay with
dialog: her till we get back...Come on,
dialog: the cab is ticking away your new
dialog: bedroom set.
speaker_heading: . PAULA
dialog: I thought you said I couldn't come
dialog: with you.
dialog: P.123
speaker_heading: 1390
speaker_heading: CONT'D
dialog: (2)
dialog: 131
dialog: The Goodbye Girl
scene_heading: Chgs. 1-11-77 P.124
speaker_heading: ELLIOT 131
dialog: I'll tell them you're my analyst. CONT'D
dialog: Actors are known to be very high (2)
dialog: strung.
speaker_heading: PAULA ‘
dialog: And you really want me to come?
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Jesus God, you sure love a love scene,
dialog: don't you? Yes. YES! I want you
dialog: to comet
speaker_heading: PAULA (teary)
dialog: _seeThen it's okay. I don't have
dialog: to...Just as long as you asked.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Paula, don't play games with me. My
text: socks are under water.
speaker_heading: PAULA :
dialog: You'll have enough to do there with-
dialog: out worrying about me...Besides, IL
dialog: have work to do...I'm gonna spend
dialog: all your money on our apartment...
dialog: But I'm nuts for you.
speaker_heading: ELLICT
dialog: Jesus, I hope I'm calling the right
dialog: number...Paula, do me a favor.
speaker_heading: PAULA
dialog: Anything, my angel.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT
dialog: Will you have my guitar re-strung.
dialog: I haven't been sleeping too good
dialog: lately...Call you tomorrew.
text: He hangs up and then rushes through the rain into
dialog: the cab.
scene_heading: THE KITCHEN/BEDROOM 132 *
text: She hands up the phone and rushes to the bedroom : *
text: Searching for the guitar. She finds it.
speaker_heading: LUCY
text: He left his guitar...He is coming
dialog: back, . —~
dialog: ad,
dialog: The Goodbve Girl
dialog: Chgs. 1-11-77
speaker_heading: PAULA (very
text: cocky as she runs to
dialog: the window)
dialog: Io never doubted it for a minute.
scene_heading: EXT. - BEDROOM WINDOW
text: Paula, with the rain beating against her face, waves
text: the guitar out the window.
scene_heading: EXT. - STREET
text: The cab is pulling away. Elliot rolls down the
text: window and waves back. °
scene_heading: EXT. - WINDOW
text: Paula waving guitar.
speaker_heading: PAULA (calling out)
dialog: IT have it! I have it, sweetheart.
dialog: +.-Have a safe trip. I love you.
scene_heading: EXT. - STREET
text: Elliot waving her back.
speaker_heading: ELLIOT (screaming)
dialog: Never mind that...You're rusting
dialog: my guitar!
dialog: P.125
dialog: 132.
speaker_heading: CONT'D
dialog: (2)
speaker_heading: 132A
dialog: 133
dialog: 134
dialog: 135
text: The cab speeds off into the night, the rain beating down
dialog: on Elliot.
dialog: 
