dialog: 
dialog: “Robert Wise : PROD. #02075 |
dialog: The Filmakers Group April 22, 1974
speaker_heading: THE _HINDENBURG
dialog: Second Draft Screenplay
dialog: ~ by
dialog: |
dialog: Nelson Gidding 2
dialog: 
dialog: Based on the book by . : 7
dialog: Michael M. Mooney
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: _ 7 de
speaker_heading: #02075
speaker_heading: THE HINDENBURG
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FADE IN
text: SMALL SCREEN BLACK AND WHITE:
scene_heading: UNIVERSAL TRADEMARK
text: accompanied by newsreel theme music.
scene_heading: A NEWSREEL HEADLINE - BLACK AND WHITE
scene_heading: ZEPPELIN HINDENBURG TO BEGIN
scene_heading: SECOND TRANSATLANTIC SEASON
scene_heading: EXT. A NEW YORK CITY STREET - DAY - STOCK
text: An anti-Nazi demonstration takes place in the street.
speaker_heading: : NEWSREEL VOICE
dialog: The Hindenburg is coming again --
dialog: that’s what ait the excitement is
dialog: about. The pride of Germany is due
dialog: _here on the morning of May 6.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON WINDOW DISPLAY
text: Camera ‘briefly explores a window display guarded by a police-
dialog: man. (See Appendix #1) No representations of the Hindenburg
dialog: herself are shown. :
speaker_heading: NEWSREEL VOICE
dialog: During the 1937 season the giant
dialog: airship is scheduled to make 18
dialog: round trips from Frankfurt to ra
dialog: . Lakehurst, New Jersey. * .
scene_heading: FAST MONTAGE ~- OLD DRAWINGS, LITHOGRAPHS, ETC.
text: starting with the Montgolfier balloon.
speaker_heading: NEWSREEL VOICE
dialog: A hundred and fifty years ago two
dialog: Frenchmen, the Montgolfier brothers,
dialog: made the first controlled flight in
text: a hot-air balloon.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: C
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: 
speaker_heading: de #02075 2
scene_heading: 6 FAST MONTAGE PRESENTS EARLY DIRIGIBLES . 6
dialog: using the same style. (See Appendix #2.)
speaker_heading: NEWSREEL VOICE
dialog: Soon the discovery of hydrogen put
dialog: the birds in competition with a
dialog: steam-propelled banana, an eighty-
text: foot cigar, several flying bolognas,
dialog: and a tremendous lemon seed operat-
dialog: ing on gravity and gall.
scene_heading: 7 MONTAGE OF COUNT ZEPPELIN'S ACCOMPLISHMENTS 7
dialog: Old photos and film (stock) of the Count and his early
dialog: Zeppelins: Schwaben, Viktoria Luise, Hansa, Sachsen, Bodensee.
speaker_heading: NEWSREEL VOICE
dialog: At the turn of the century, Count
dialog: Ferdinand von Zeppelin flew a 400-
text: foot sausage powered by two marine
text: engines for twenty miles. After
dialog: this triumph, Germany gave full
dialog: support to the old Count. He and
dialog: his young associate, Dr. Hugo
dialog: Eckener, founded the world's first
dialog: passenger airline.
scene_heading: 8 SEQUENCE OF LZ 126 ~ 8.
text: Stock film showing her overseas flight, delivery on American
text: soil, her landing on an aircraft carrier, and her flight over
dialog: the Panama Canal.
speaker_heading: NEWSREEL VOICE
dialog: In 1924 the Zeppelin Company built
dialog: the LZ 126 for the U.S. Navy. Re-
dialog: christened the Los Angeles, she made
dialog: air history under her brilliant
dialog: commander, Charles E. Rosendahl.
dialog: But no other country has equalled ~
dialog: Germany's phenomenal success in the
dialog: field of lighter-than-air transpor-
dialog: tation.
scene_heading: 9 SEQUENCE OF. GRAF ZEPPELIN - STOCK 9
text: showing her voyages to South America, her trip around the
dialog: world, etc.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: “mp #02075 3
scene_heading: TT) 9 + CONTINUED 9
scene_heading: aN . NEWSREEL VOICE
dialog: For ten years the old Graf Zeppelin
dialog: has flown over a million miles an
dialog: carried 13,000 passengers without
dialog: the slightest injury to a single
dialog: one. : .
scene_heading: 10 SEQUENCE OF HINDENBURG UNDER CONSTRUCTION 10
dialog: at Friedrichshafen. In addition to stock film, this material
text: will include drawings, plans, cross-sections, etc., making
text: clear the various features of the Zeppelin.
speaker_heading: NEWSREEL VOICE
dialog: Now the Zeppelin Company and German
dialog: genius have created the airship
text: supreme, the Hindenburg. She is
dialog: the climax of man's dream to con-
dialog: quer the air, the new Queen of the
text: Skies.
text: A final B&W photo shows the great airship in her hangar in the
text: last stages of construction. As main title music swells....
scene_heading: MATCH DISSOLVE TO
dialog: 
scene_heading: 11 WIDE SCREEN COLOR - THE. HINDENBURG AND HANGAR - DAY ~- MATTE 11
text: The above phdto now comes to life showing the dirigible:in all
text: 2 her color and glory. In the f.g. the sun strikes: the huge
text: black swastikas on her tail. .
scene_heading: MAIN TITLE FADES. IN OVER: —
speaker_heading: THE HINDENBURG
scene_heading: 11-a INT. THE EMPTY HULL OF THE HINDENBURG - DAY ~- MATTE 11-A
text: . , Credits continue over. The interior suggests a cathedral-
text: like vastness. Aluminum arches, girders, webs of wire soar
text: upwards to the vaulted fabric roof. . An initial gas cell
text: starts to inflate.
scene_heading: 12 EXT. HINDENBURG AND SKY - DAY - MINIATURE 12
text: An awesome sight, she turns gracefully in the sky. During and
text: after the abbreviated credits that follow, the sky turns
text: dreamlike. The Hindenburg recedes, begins to disappear into
text: mist, until there is only empty sky. Music continues over....
dialog: 
scene_heading: | 13 EXT. A MIDWESTERN CITY - DAY - VIEW SHOT 13
text: A title flashes on: MILWAUKEE, APRIL 17, 1937.
dialog: Vo oe ee. - oe
dialog: 15
dialog: 16
dialog: 17
dialog: 18
dialog: 19
dialog: 20
dialog: 21
speaker_heading: #02075 4
scene_heading: INT. A HOUSE ~- BIG CLOSEUP - KATHIE RAUCH
text: A middle-aged woman, she looks down as if writing.
scene_heading: INSERT - THE LETTER
text: in German. Two words at the end of the line Kathie finishes
dialog: are plain enough: "Zeppelin Hindenburg....
scene_heading: EXT. WASHINGTON, D.C. - DAY - LONG SHOT
scene_heading: EXT. AN IMPOSING RESIDENCE - DAY - FULL SHOT
scene_heading: A title: GERMAN EMBASSY, APRIL 21, 1937.
scene_heading: INT. AMBASSADOR'S OFFICE ~ DAY - CLOSE ON THE RAUCH LETTER
text: held in a man's hand.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON GERMAN AMBASSADOR LUTHER
text: A small, white~haired, old-world diplomat in spats, he shows
dialog: the letter to his First Secretary.
speaker_heading: FIRST SECRETARY
dialog: (unimpressed)
dialog: The Embassy got hundreds of letters
dialog: like sthat last year, Mr. Ambassador.
text: Mostly from cranks. The new season's
dialog: beginning, naturally we can expect
dialog: more of the same. .
speaker_heading: LUTHER
dialog: : (worriedly)
text: Mrs. Rauch's letter is different.
dialog: It's specific. She spells out how
dialog: and where the Zeppelin will be
dialog: destroyed,
dialog: ° . (tapping ‘letter)
text: A time bomb over American territory.
speaker_heading: SHOCK CUT TO
scene_heading: GROUND-TO-AIR SHOT - A JU 87 “STUKA" DIVE BOMBER
text: diving toward earth, its propeller-driven siren screaming.
scene_heading: EXT. A TEMPLEHOF AIRFIELD - DAY - MATTE
scene_heading: A title: BERLIN, APRIL 30, 1937.
text: The Stuka lands, taxis to the flight line. The engine is cut.
dialog: 14
dialog: 15°
dialog: 16
dialog: 17
dialog: 18
dialog: 19
dialog: 20
dialog: 21
speaker_heading: dv #02075 5
scene_heading: (T) 22 FULL ON COLONEL FRANZ KESSLER 22
text: In flying helmet, white silk scarf and three-quarter length
text: coat, he climbs from the cockpit. Kessler, in his forties,
text: is seemingly all meat and stone with a strong, grim face.
speaker_heading: 23 NEW ANGLE 23
text: A Luftwaffe General and Colonel jump from a command car and
text: embrace him warmly.
speaker_heading: GENERAL ‘
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: Showing us how you do it in Spain?
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: (with an edge)
dialog: I don't do much flying there.
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: Good to have you back, Franz. We
dialog: heard they're giving you a Knight's .
dialog: Cross to your Iron Cross.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: For writing up dossiers, I suppose.
dialog: “ (significantly)
dialog: Half the time about our own people. >
dialog: ‘(lew; taking .
dialog: - General aside)
dialog: They're turning us into a Gestapo,
dialog: Karl. I want you to get me out of
dialog: Intelligence. Give me back my old
dialog: Reconnaissance command. sx.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: (uncomfortably)
dialog: That might not be so easy, Franz.
dialog: yo KESSLER .
dialog: Why not? All you have to do is:
dialog: . sign the order. .
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: (evasively)
dialog: You've been brought back for a
dialog: slight probiem we've inherited.
text: - Kessler looks at him, frowning.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 24 EXT. AN IMPOSING BUILDING ON THE WILHELMPLATZ - DAY 24
scene_heading: A title: MINISTRY OF PROPAGANDA
speaker_heading: #02075 6
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE OF GOEBBELS - DAY - BIG CLOSEUP - KESSLER 25
text: Eyes down, he reads the Rauch letter.
speaker_heading: A VOICE
dialog: Furthermore, Colonel Kessler, that
dialog: 2 letter confirms our own suspicions
dialog: that there's a plot to sabotage the
dialog: LZ 129 on this flight.
text: Angle widens to include Goebbels watching Kessler astutely
text: from behind his big desk. .
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: (returning letter)
dialog: Then obviously, Dr. Goebbels, the
dialog: sane thing to do is cancel the
text: flight until the Gestapo uncovers
dialog: the plot.
speaker_heading: GOEBBELS
dialog: Sane, perhaps, but weak. The prop-
dialog: aganda value of the LZ 129 is highly
dialog: important.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: Well, from a military standpoint
text: she's a flying dinosaur.
speaker_heading: GOEBBELS
dialog: . (annoyed) .
dialog: Colonel, the LZ 129 is a world
dialog: symbol of Nazi power. You should
dialog: be honored you've been chosen to
dialog: guard her safety.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: My field is the estimation of enemy
dialog: air operations. It's not espionage.
text: GOEBBELS . .
dialog: . A Zeppelin ride should be a vacation
dialog: compared to Spain. You're being --
dialog: loaned, shall .we say, to the LZ 129 .
dialog: as the officer in complete charge of
dialog: security for this trip. You'll have
dialog: the power to arrest suspects or do
dialog: anything you think necessary. But
text: quietly, discreetly, or it might
dialog: appear we have internal opposition.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: And you're afraid it could strengthen
dialog: the Resistance Movement.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: iv #02075 7
scene_heading: TT \ 25° CONTINUED . 25
speaker_heading: a, GOEBBELS
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: _ There is no resistance movement,
dialog: Colonel. _¢
speaker_heading: KESSLER,
dialog: That's reassuring to hear from the
dialog: Minister of Propaganda.
speaker_heading: GOEBBELS
dialog: (eyeing him; rising)
dialog: I mustn't keep you from your next
dialog: appointment.
dialog: (walking to door)
dialog: Let's hope you'll change your
dialog: opinion of our ‘flying dinosaur.'
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: Perhaps I will -- unless there's
text: an egg hatching in her.
scene_heading: 26. INT. A ROOM AT SS HEADQUARTERS - DAY - CLOSE ON A BOMB 26
text: Black-uniformed Gestapo Major Hufschmidt moves past the bomb.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: . HUF SCHMIDT
dialog: . (pointing)
text: A bellows bomb detonated by atmos-
text: pheric pressure. Found on the Graf.
dialog: Zeppelin. . :
text: Angle widens to include Kessler bepind Hufschmidt. ” Below
text: street level, the room resembles a small museum. Hufschmidt
text: conducts Kessler past a display of time bombs. men
speaker_heading: HUFSCHMIDT
dialog: «.eA radio bomb discovered on
text: Himmler's plane...A chemical fuse
text: bomb from the hold of the steamship
text: Bremen...A clockwork incendiary,
dialog: . Small but, could easily ignite : .
dialog: hydrogen...
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: I've only seen one smaller. A
text: British device with a silent acid
text: fuse. Blew up a locomotive in the
dialog: station.
speaker_heading: ) HUF SCHMIDT
dialog: (turning to a diagram)
dialog: ~~ The Hindenburg's being searched twice
dialog: a day from stem to stern. I guaran-
dialog: tee you'll board a clean ship.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: ‘jv #02075 8
dialog: 
scene_heading: TY 26 CONTINUED . 26
speaker_heading: / HUFSCHMIDT (Cont'd)
dialog: (facing him)
dialog: But what happens on the flight is
dialog: your responsibility, Colonel.
dialog: 
dialog: ed
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: Also an honor, I've been told.
speaker_heading: HUFSCHMIDT
dialog: (handing him a
dialog: leather notebook)
dialog: This is a dossier we've prepared on
dialog: your fellow passengers and crew.
dialog: You'll find it useful.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: (perusing notebook)
text: Ninety-seven people.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: HUFSCHMIDT
dialog: Including you, Colonel.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: Well then, only ninety-six to worry
dialog: ii about. That makes it simpler.
dialog: KN . . :
scene_heading: 27 EXT. A BUSINESS STREET - FRANKFURT - DAY - 27
speaker_heading: A title: FRANKFURT
scene_heading: THE ZEPPELIN COMPANY, MAY 1, 1937
dialog: : ’
text: A man and a woman approach and stop at the door.
scene_heading: 28 CLOSER ON BUILDING ENTRANCE 28
text: Kessler, now in civilian clothes, kisses his attractive
text: brunette good-bye and enters the building.
scene_heading: + 29 INT. EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE ZEPPELIN COMPANY - DAY 29,
text: Captain Ernst Lehmann and Dr. Hugo Eckener, both in civilian
text: clothes, read the Rauch letter as Kessler faces them. Lehmann,
text: fifty-one, is a quietly forceful man of short, stocky build.
text: Eckener, sixty-eight, a gcateed visionary, is the greatest
dialog: living pioneer of lighter-than-air transportation.
speaker_heading: 30 CLOSER ANGLE 30
dialog: 
text: With a glint of anger, Lehmann tosses down the letter.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
speaker_heading: “als #02075
speaker_heading: TT \ 30 CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 30
speaker_heading: LEHMANN
dialog: The Hindenburg is scheduled to
dialog: leave in two days, Colonel. Why
dialog: did your Gestapo wait till now to
dialog: show us this?
speaker_heading: ECKENER
dialog: It's inexcusable that our passengers
dialog: have to make other travel arrange-
dialog: ments this late.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: The flight hasn't been cancelled.
speaker_heading: ‘ LEHMANN
dialog: Not cancelled?
dialog: (gesturing at
dialog: letter)
dialog: I thought -- Why are you here?
speaker_heading: KESSLER .
dialog: I'll be aboard as a Special Security
dialog: Officer. I want you with me,
dialog: Captain Lehmann, as a Senior Airship
dialog: Observer.
speaker_heading: . LEHMANN
dialog: You may have to work with the
dialog: Gestapo, Colonel, but I don't.
speaker_heading: 1 KESSLER
dialog: Dr. Eckener, you built the
dialog: Hindenburg. Don't you want to
dialog: protect your interests?
speaker_heading: ECKENER
dialog: I've protected them for forty years
dialog: by taking no risks.
speaker_heading: : LEHMANN :
dialog: Even if I wanted to go, you'd never
dialog: be able to clear it. Dr. Eckener . :
dialog: and: I are out of favor at the
dialog: Chancellery.
speaker_heading: ECKENER
dialog: I refused to name the Hindenburg
dialog: after the Austrian Corporal.
speaker_heading: LEHMANN
dialog: Captain Pruss, the new commander,
dialog: is an excellent airshipman -- and
dialog: a good Nazi.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: als #02075 — 10
scene_heading: 30 CONTINUED - 2 30
speaker_heading: LEHMANN (Cont'd)
dialog: (7 : (returning letter)
dialog: NS Don't embarrass yourself by request-
dialog: ing me, Colonel. There's no way
dialog: they'd allow it.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: (pocketing letter)
dialog: There's a way. I'll see you at the
dialog: airfield Monday.
text: Lehmann and Eckener look at him.
scene_heading: 31 INT. THE HELDENKELLER - NIGHT - FULL SHOT 31
scene_heading: A title: FRANKFURT AIRFIELD, SUNDAY, MAY 2, 1937
text: In this dimly lit, smoky rathskeller near the airfield, some
text: of the crew, their wives and girlfriends are having a farewell
text: party around tables pushed together: Chief Rigger Knorr, a
text: squat, long-armed man of fifty with a homely sympathetic face;
text: Frau Knorr, his broad-beamed, narrow-minded wife; Stewardess
text: Imhof, a martinet; compact, tough Elevatorman Felber; Second
text: Rigger Neuhaus, a country boy; rugged Mechanic Ludecke; Helms-
text: man Frenkel, meticulous in dress and manner.
text: om First Rigger Eric Boerth and Freda Halle, a busty, handsome
text: blonde a few years older than Boerth, behave openly as lovers.
text: Boerth is a youthful man with a determined face, close-cropped
text: hair and a tall athletic build. He is a mixture of extreme
dialog: » competence, readiness to serve and tight-lipped superiority --
dialog: « -a character more complex than he himself realizes.
speaker_heading: CHIEF RIGGER KNORR
dialog: ==Stupid. SS men crawling all over
dialog: our ship morning till night. Dirt
dialog: from their shoes.
scene_heading: FIRST RIGGER BOERTH
dialog: If we put an elephant in the hull
dialog: they couldn't find it. >
scene_heading: . ELEVATORMAN FELBER
dialog: They weren't looking for an elephant.
scene_heading: SECOND RIGGER NEUHAUS
dialog: Did you see Eric when the SS dog
dialog: barked? He jumped ten feet and the
dialog: dog bit him in- the brains -- here.
dialog: (points to backside)
speaker_heading: BB CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: mp
dialog: 31
dialog: 32
speaker_heading: #02075 11
speaker_heading: CONTINUED : 31
speaker_heading: BOERTH
dialog: (joining laughter)
dialog: Better than being bitten by the ss.
text: He playfully bites Freda on the neck. : .
scene_heading: ANGLE ON KESSLER , 32
text: In civilian clothes (always from now on) he sits at a side
text: table with the slender brunette, Eleanore, his wife. She
text: stares at a garish calendar-art oil painting of the Hindenburg -
text: on the wall. He touches her hand comfortingly. :
speaker_heading: ELEANORE
dialog: You should've refused to go on that
dialog: Wagnerian whale.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: Ssh.
dialog: (lightly; glancing
dialog: off)
dialog: The crew might think I'm Jonah.
speaker_heading: ELEANORE
dialog: I can't bear it...Alfred, then
dialog: Spain, and now this...
dialog: “ (urgently)
dialog: We're not far from Switzerland,
dialog: Franz. I-.was walking along the
dialog: river today and thinking that if-
dialog: we could only --- .
dialog: ‘
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: No. :
speaker_heading: ELEANORE
dialog: You despise what you're doing now.
speaker_heading: KESSLER.
dialog: What would you have me do in
dialog: Switzerland? What would I tekl
dialog: them -- Yesterday ‘I was a Colonel
dialog: in the German Air Force...? It
dialog: would be different if we weré Jews
dialog: or pacifists, or even Communists.
speaker_heading: ELEANORE
dialog: We must get away, Franz. While
dialog: we're still young enough to pick
dialog: up the pieces.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: I can't. I'd be a deserter.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
speaker_heading: mp
dialog: 32
dialog: 7
dialog: 33
dialog: Sees
speaker_heading: #02075 12
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 32
speaker_heading: KESSLER (Cont'd)
dialog: (gripping her hand)
dialog: Listen, Eleanore. I talked to
dialog: Karl. He said he'll try to get
dialog: me back my old group. We'd live
dialog: . in the south, far from Berlin.
speaker_heading: ELEANORE
dialog: (touching his face)
dialog: Poor Franz. They even make your
dialog: dreams lie to you.
text: She looks at him with compassion and turns away. He focuses
text: his attention on the noisy airshipmen.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON CREW TABLE - FAVORING BOERTH AND FREDA 33
text: Boerth and Ludecke, arms interlocked and holding two-liter
text: steins, engage in a chug-a-lug contest. The other crewmen
text: pound the table counting to ten. Freda pushes down Boerth's
dialog: stein. - :
speaker_heading: FREDA
dialog: You'll be drunk, Eric.
speaker_heading: . LUDECKE
dialog: “We'll be dry for two days on board,
dialog: woman.
speaker_heading: FREDA
dialog: (tender and sexy)
dialog: Please, Eric. Not tonight.
text: Boerth kisses her long and hard. The others start an even
text: more uproarious countdown.
speaker_heading: STEWARDESS IMHOF
dialog: (pulling. them
dialog: apart)
dialog: Behave yourselves. You act liké
dialog: gypsies. . . .
text: Frau Knorr nods agreement and glares at the lovers. Now
text: uncomfortable, Freda whispers to Boerth. He rises and starts
text: out with her, carrying his stein. : :
speaker_heading: BOERTH
dialog: (hoisting stein)
dialog: Good night, good night.
dialog: (a bow to Imhof)
dialog: We're going to bed, Stewardess.
dialog: We'll ring if we need anything.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: VT
dialog: %
speaker_heading: mp
dialog: 33
dialog: 34
dialog: 35
dialog: 36
speaker_heading: #02075 13
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 33
text: Much laughter and rolling of eyes. Draining his beer as he
text: goes, Boerth bumps Kessler's table.
speaker_heading: BOERTH
dialog: Excuse me, I'm just a poor gypsy.
text: Kessler nods pleasantly. Boerth follows Freda out.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON CREW TABLE 34
speaker_heading: . FRAU KNORR
text: Freda Halle is a loose woman. They
dialog: say she works for foreigners, some
dialog: ‘French bank in Frankfurt.
speaker_heading: FELBER
dialog: (coming alert)
dialog: We should report it.
speaker_heading: KNORR
dialog: Women's gossip. We're all loyal
dialog: Germans. Besides,: Eric's no fool.
dialog: Enough, now.
dialog: (rising for
dialog: a toast)
dialog: I drink to the one I love.
dialog: . (as. his. Frau
dialog: preens)
dialog: The Hindenburg:
text: Amid laughter and cheers, they all rise. Mechanic Ludecke
text: starts singing the "Horst Wessel Song" and the others join in.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - KESSLER. AND ELEANORE : 35
text: Shuddering, she releases his hand.
speaker_heading: : ELEANORE
dialog: ‘That song is going to make me sick.
dialog: > 2
scene_heading: EXT. HANGAR AND HINDENBURG - NIGHT - LOCATION AND MATTE 36
text: A low-key atmospheric vista of the giant airship at rest in
text: the hangar. Lit from the inside, she casts an eerie green
text: glow through her translucent belly. At a hundred feet up, her
text: curving flanks disappear into heavy shadow. SS soldiers with
text: police dogs stand guard around the sleeping phantom. The
text: strains of the "Horst Wessel Song" carry over...Kessler and
text: his pale dark lady appear among the grotesque shapes of equip-—
text: ment on the perimeter. They stare at the vast apparition and
text: she gropes for his hand.
speaker_heading: SHOCK CUT TO
dialog: 
speaker_heading: mp #02075 — 14
scene_heading: 37 CLOSEUP - THE BOMB WITH WORKS EXPOSED (SEE APPENDIX #3) 37
text: Held in a hand, it is a rectangle about 2" wide and 5" long
text: with complicated wheels and tiny gears. It is being tested.
text: In utter silence the black timer needle revolves. When it
text: -xreadches the detonation point, it stops with a click.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INSTANTLY CUT TO
scene_heading: 38 EXT. HANGAR - LATE DAY - LOCATION AND MINIATURE 38
text: shooting toward hangar past the Hindenburg now outside at the
text: mooring mast. People, the Company transport busses, equipment,
text: are dwarfed by the giant airship and her nest. Soldiers patrol
text: the area, some holding leashed dogs. Occasionally they warn
text: back spectators. A uniformed brass band pumps away on the
text: apron, while a troop of Hitler Youth forms up beside it.
scene_heading: A title: MONDAY, MAY 3, 1937
scene_heading: 39 INSERT - HANGAR CLOCK . 39
text: showing 6:30. Below the clock is posted in German and English:
text: Departure Frankfurt - 8:00 P.M. May 3
text: Arrival Lakehurst - 6:00 A.M. May 6
dialog: ff
dialog: w/
scene_heading: 40 INT. HANGAR - LATE DAY - WIDE ANGLE . 40
text: - -An atmosphere of intense activity and excitement...Baggage
text: , being delivered and freight moved out. - ;uniformed Zeppelin
text: Company officials bustling back and forth...well-wishers
text: chattering with passengers....
speaker_heading: 41 OMITTED : . : 41
scene_heading: 42 ANGLE ON BAGGAGE SECTION . 42
text: SS men make the passengers uneasy with an almost microscopic
dialog: inspection of their baggage.
scene_heading: * . fouRISTY TYPE .
dialog: . . (in Tyrolean hat)
dialog: What's going on? Something wrong?
scene_heading: SWEET-FACED OLD LADY
dialog: I'm not smuggling anything, I promise.
speaker_heading: . SS MAN
dialog: ae Standard procedure for Zeppelins.
scene_heading: 43 ANGLE ON KESSLER 43
text: on the fringe, appraising his fellow passengers.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 44-2
speaker_heading: #02075 15
scene_heading: HIS POINT OF VIEW - THE WAITING ROOM AREA 44
text: Reed and Bess Channing sip champagne with Hattie, a handsome
text: woman of sixty-odd who has brought a bon voyage basket with
text: champagne and caviar. Reed Channing, mid-forties, relaxed,
text: urbane, is impeccably groomed. His wife Bess, forty, is
text: southern, uninhibited, warm and basically genteel. She pours
text: champagne into an ashtray for her Dalmation.
speaker_heading: HATTIE
dialog: (Texas accent)
dialog: I wish you'd forget this Zeppelin
dialog: crap and come on over to the
dialog: Coronation. Quacky's rented a Duke's
dialog: palace or somethin' outside London.
speaker_heading: BESS
dialog: Not us, Hattie. Reed's show starts
dialog: rehearsals the twelfth.
speaker_heading: CHANNING
dialog: Anyway British quarantine won't let
dialog: Heidi into the country.
speaker_heading: ‘HATTIE
dialog: You should've had children instead
dialog: of dogs.
text: ’ Channing and Bess exchange a look. Bess gives him a nod.
speaker_heading: CHANNING .
dialog: (twinkling)
text: The evil spell's been lifted. Bess
dialog: is, pregnant.
speaker_heading: HATTIE
dialog: At your age? .
speaker_heading: BESS
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: Finally.
speaker_heading: CHANNING.
dialog: But no rooftop announcements just
dialog: yet. °We don't want to push our luck.
speaker_heading: HATTIE
dialog: (hugging her)
dialog: Oh, Bess....
scene_heading: ANGLE ON KESSLER , 44-A
dialog: shifting his attention to:
speaker_heading: sk #02075 16
scene_heading: 44-B THE IMMIGRATION DESK 44-B
text: Under the supervision of SS officers, passengers are checked
text: through Immigration. As each passenger is cleared, his pass-
text: port is given to Watch Officer Dimmler who places it in a
text: strongbox. The passenger is then body-searched by Chief
dialog: Steward Kirsch or Steward Macher, with Stewardess Imhof attend-
text: ing to the ladies in a small curtained booth. All matches and
text: lighters are removed and placed in bags labelled with the pas-
dialog: sengers' names.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 44-C ANGLE ON THE COUNTESS VON SCHARNWITZ 44-c
text: Elegant in a striking white cape, she hands the Immigration
dialog: official her passport.. A woman of great style and breeding
text: with a finely chiseled face, the Countess is a classic beauty.
speaker_heading: IMMIGRATION OFFICIAL
dialog: (studying passport)
dialog: How long will you be away from us,
dialog: Countess?
text: He eyes a Gestapo Major who glides over.
speaker_heading: COUNTESS
dialog: (a charming smile)
dialog: Until I get homesick, I suppose.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: GESTAPO MAJOR
dialog: (uncharmed; tak- oe Me
dialog: ' ing passport) : .
dialog: 2 What is the purpose of your trip? :
dialog: 
speaker_heading: COUNTESS
dialog: To visit my daughter at school in _. _
dialog: Boston.
scene_heading: 44-D CLOSE ON. KESSLER 44-D
text: He registers interest in this.
dialog: a 2
scene_heading: 44-E TWO SHOT - THE COUNTESS AND GESTAPO MAJOR a 7 44-8
speaker_heading: GESTAPO MAJOR
dialog: Where will you be staying?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: COUNTESS
dialog: . With friends. Mr. and Mrs. Alden
dialog: - 3 Winthrop.
speaker_heading: . GESTAPO MAJOR
dialog: [ In Boston?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: sk
speaker_heading: 44-E
speaker_heading: Vo
speaker_heading: 44-F
dialog: 45
speaker_heading: #02075 17
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 44-E
speaker_heading: COUNTESS
dialog: Yes -- and their place on Cape Cod.
speaker_heading: GESTAPO MAJOR
dialog: What does he do, his occupation? . @
speaker_heading: COUNTESS
dialog: (with an edge)
dialog: He's with the Winthrop First National
dialog: Bank and I can assure you, Major,
dialog: he's not the doorman.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON KESSLER 44-P
text: smiling at the Countess' answer and the Major's reaction.
speaker_heading: A PAGE BOY'S VOICE
dialog: Mr. Edward Douglas....
text: Kessler turns.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON PAGE BOY . 45
text: carrying a cablegram.
speaker_heading: “ PAGE BOY
dialog: Mr. Douglas....
text: Douglas, a trim, prematurely gray man, intercepts the cable.
text: ‘As he'reads it Kessler drifts closer, trying for a casual
text: squint at the text, but Douglas promptly stuffs the cable in
text: his pocket. He looks at the hangar clock and carefully sets
text: his Patek Philippe. Kessler checks his own Luftwaffe chrono-
text: meter and smiles at Douglas.. —
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: Seems we'll get off a little late.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: Yeah, what's the holdup?
dialog: * (moving to
dialog: Immigration Desk)
dialog: Let's get this show on the road.
text: Kessler gets in line behind Douglas. At the head of the line,
text: flashbulbs are discovered on Otto Vogel. Suave, attractive,
text: Vogel maintains a smiling presence. Kirsch turns the bulbs
text: over to the Gestapo Major. Vogel shrugs it off.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 8
dialog: 46
speaker_heading: #02075 18
scene_heading: CONTINUED . 45
speaker_heading: GESTAPO MAJOR
dialog: The official photographer should .
dialog: know better.
text: As Douglas is searched by Macher, Kessler steps up to Kirsch.
text: The Gestapo Major beckons Kessler through without a search.
speaker_heading: GESTAPO MAJOR
dialog: Not required for you, Colonel.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: (handing him lighter)
dialog: It should be.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON ALBERT BRESLAU 46
text: A prosperous American executive, he shepherds his family of
text: four into line: wife Mildred, overdressed and a social climber;
text: his pretty, somewhat scatterbrained eighteen-year-old daughter
text: Irene; his two mischievous boys, Paul, ten, and Peter, eight.
text: Breslau, holding five passports and fidgety Peter's hand,
text: drops the passports. Kessler helps Him gather them up.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: (returning passports)
dialog: Your name is familiar, Mr. Breslau.
dialog: _ Do you have relatives in Germany?
speaker_heading: BRESLAU
dialog: »Many friends and associates, but no
dialog: relatives.
speaker_heading: MILDRED
dialog: You might have, Albert.
dialog: == (to Kessler)
dialog: I'm sure our name once had a’‘'von'.
dialog: Von Breslau. Prussian nobility.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: Ah, that's where I heard it.
dialog: . BRESLAU a co
dialog: . (kidding wife) :
dialog: Too bad, Mildred. The 'von' doesn't ,
dialog: count when you're born in the States.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: We all were.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Me too.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 47
dialog: 48
speaker_heading: #02075 19
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 46
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: {tousling their heads)
text: Couple of cowboys.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON PAJETTA AND NAPIER 47
text: They move toward the line into the transit area.. British
text: Major Earl Napier, 31, is turned out in the high style of.a
text: Guards Officer -- brush moustache, bowler, and regimental tie.
text: His American companion, Emilio Pajetta, is a crusty old cur-
text: mudgeon. Using. a cane, he hobbles along on Napier's.arm.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: (joining them)
dialog: Handsome cane, sir. May I see it?
speaker_heading: PAJETTA
dialog: You wouldn't admire it so much,
dialog: mister, if you were crippled.
speaker_heading: | KESSLER
dialog: I don't intend to be.
dialog: (to an official)
text: Tape the end of Mr. Pajetta's cane
dialog: and return it to him, please.
speaker_heading: ao NAPIER
dialog: I say, you must be the special
dialog: security chap. Good thing too.
dialog: (glancing off)
text: Ruddy blimp's filled with hydrogen.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: (gravely)
dialog: _ I'll make a note of that.
dialog: (moving off)
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: PAJETTA
dialog: (to Napier)
dialog: They call that dumb Dutchman a
dialog: security man? . ,
scene_heading: ‘ , . COMPANY OFFICIAL
dialog: > : {taking the cane) *
dialog: The tape is for your own safety,
dialog: sir. The steel tip could strike
dialog: sparks.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON THE COUNTESS VON SCHARMWITZ 48
text: Arguing with SS inspectors by her six Vuitton suitcases and
text: large wardrobe trunk, she is the last one at the baggage tables.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: sk #02075 20
speaker_heading: 48 CONTINUED 48
speaker_heading: COUNTESS
dialog: I'd expect more courtesy on a cattle
dialog: boat. Now you just do as you're
dialog: « told. :
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: May I help, Countess?
speaker_heading: COUNTESS
dialog: Ah, Colonel Kessler. I thought I
dialog: recognized you. These people insist
dialog: » on going through my entire trunk
dialog: before putting it on board. Will
dialog: you talk to them, please?
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: Certainly.
dialog: (to SS men)
dialog: Open it, search it, strip the lining,
dialog: remove the metal corners. If you
dialog: . run out of time, ship it to the
dialog: Countess on the Bremen.
text: The SS men smile and fall to work, opening the trunk and piling
text: her gowns, lingerie, etc. on the counter.
speaker_heading: COUNTESS
dialog: (coolly but with-
dialog: out rancor)
dialog: Not very gallant, was it, Colonel?
dialog: . The German Air Force isn't dt all
dialog: what it used to be »- but then I
dialog: . suppose nothing is these days.
speaker_heading: | KESSLER =
dialog: Nothing.
scene_heading: 49 ANGLE. ON HINDENBURG - LOCATION AND MATTE “49
text: The gangway, a double staircase, lowers from her belly. Pas-
text: sengers in the transit area shuffle forward. The guard dogs
text: o.s. erupt, in alarmed barking. Heads swivel.
scene_heading: 50 EXT. HANGAR - LATE DAY - LONG SHOT - MATTE 50
text: A man with a suitcase and a package runs from a taxi toward
text: the hangar, pursued by SS men with dogs. He laughs, sets
text: down the suitcase, and comically attempts to pet the savage
text: dogs, throwing in Nazi salutes and a goose step.
speaker_heading: 51 CLOSE ANGLE 51
text: Kessler and the Gestapo Major hurry to him.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 52
dialog: 
speaker_heading: #02075 21
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 51
speaker_heading: MAJOR
dialog: Your papers, please.
text: The man holds up a magazine with his picture on an inside
text: page, captioned with his name, Joe Spah. The picture shows
text: him climbing a towering lamp post in his drunk act at the
text: circus. Wiry, energetic, Spah, thirty, is a comic acrobat
text: who aspires to better things. He comes on strong, but under-
dialog: neath the brashness is a decent, naively sincere man. With
text: his gift for pantomime, there is about him, as with many
text: clowns, an overall air of pathos.
speaker_heading: SPAH
dialog: (a sleight-of-
dialog: hand. trick)
dialog: ‘Here's my passport and ticket all ,
dialog: in order.
dialog: : (to SS man)
dialog: Just throw the bag on the Zep, son.
text: Kessler glances at the package which the Major takes and rips
text: open: a Dresden doll. The Major inspects it, lifts the skirt.
speaker_heading: SPAH
dialog: (imitating a doll)
dialog: Goodie, goodie, wanna play doctor?
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: Why not?
dialog: (to Major)
dialog: Give the doll a thorough examination
dialog: -- and the syitcase. :
scene_heading: _ INT. HANGAR - LATE DAY - ANGLE ON IRENE. BRESLAU , 52
text: Behind a crate she fusses with a run in her stocking. A
text: young man in Zeppelin Company uniform approaches, extending
text: a clipboard and a pen.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN oy
dialog: ‘Will Miss Breslau please write down .
dialog: her correct weight?. : °
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: I did. A hundred and six.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: (low)
dialog: Keep the pen. A present from
dialog: relatives in Germany. But not a
dialog: word to your father till you've
dialog: sailed. He'll understand.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 53
dialog: 54
dialog: 55
speaker_heading: #02075 22
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 52
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: But we don't have any relatives in
dialog: Germany.
text: Without answering, the young official hurries off.
scene_heading: EXT. THE HINDENBURG - LATE DAY - MATTE 53
text: The band on the apron switches to a Wagnerian air. The Hitler
text: Youth troop snaps to attention. Captains Pruss and Lehmann
text: approach the Zeppelin at a brisk pace.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ANGLE 54
text: Pruss is a big, bluff man with the heartiness and solemnity
dialog: necessary to have both the affection and respect of his crew.
text: Spotting Kessler, Pruss gestures to him.
speaker_heading: . PRUSS
dialog: Colonel Kessler, board with us.
dialog: - (as he joins them)
dialog: Did you know we have the pleasure
dialog: of Captain Lehmann for this voyage?
speaker_heading: LEHMANN
dialog: (quickly)
text: Just as an observer, Captain.
speaker_heading: - PRUSS
dialog: And as a diplomat.
speaker_heading: LEHMANN
dialog: = - .feyeing Kessler) —~
dialog: It seems someone has arranged for
dialog: me to go to Washington to. try and -
dialog: get us helium.
text: Kessler gazes back with a faint smile.
speaker_heading: . KESSLER ~
dialog: I wish we had it this trip. - .
text: The three men start up the gangway.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE ~ MATTE 55
text: .Now the passengers are escorted to the ship. The Countess is
text: accompanied by Chief Radio Officer Willy Speck who carries an
text: armful of clothing from her defrocked wardrobe trunk.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: jv
dialog: 55
dialog: ~
dialog: /
dialog: 56
dialog: 57
dialog: 
dialog: 60
speaker_heading: VS
dialog: 
speaker_heading: #02075 23
speaker_heading: CONTINUED : 55
text: A stocky man in his thirties, he has a coarsely handsome face..
text: The Channings follow behind their dog, carried in her case by
text: Steward Kirsch. Pajetta, the tip of his cane now swathed in
text: white tape, hobbles along on Napier's arm.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON GANGWAY - STAIRCASE 56
text: The vanguard of passengers mounts into the world of the
dialog: Zeppelin.
dialog: .
scene_heading: INT. HINDENBURG - STAIRS AND FOYER - LATE DAY. 57
text: The passengers fan out, some to their cabins, others to go
text: exploring. Several, among them Douglas, pause by the bust of
text: von Hindenburg in the foyer. On the wall above are three
text: clocks: the ship's clock showing 7:10; Berlin time the same;
text: New York time 2:10 (P.M.). Below the clocks on the port side
text: is a bulletin board, and to the starboard a large map of the
text: -voyage route with a little swastika pin-flag marking the
dialog: Zeppelin's position.
scene_heading: INT. THE MAIN LOUNGE ON "A" DECK - LATE DAY 58
text: Passengers gaze around. The walls bear a huge Mercator pro-
dialog: jection of the world depicting sea voyages (Columbus,
text: Magellan, etc.), the Atlantic crossing. of the U.S. Airship
dialog: 
text: Los Angeles, and the around-the-world flight of the Graf
dialog: - Zeppelin.
text: An aluminum baby grand stands in a corner. Spah oo
text: strikes a note on it and goes into a hornpipe dance. Several
text: people laugh.
scene_heading: INT. THE DINING ROOM ON "A" DECK - LATE DAY 59
text: Mildred Breslau, followed by her two boys, surveys the room.
text: Fifty feet long, it is a restaurant of luxury and refinement,
text: with paintings>of airship travel. Mildred, however, zeroes
text: in on the china, turning it over to see the brand. 7 5
scene_heading: INT. WRITING ROOM ON "A" DECK - LATE DAY 60
text: Writing tabies, mail chute, ship's library...The sweet-faced
text: old lady looks around surreptitiously, then steals a sheaf of
text: stationery. As a loudspeaker blares, she jumps.
speaker_heading: LOUDSPEAKER
dialog: Will Mrs. Eleanore Kessler please
dialog: come to the gangway. i
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: Jv
dialog: 61
dialog: 62
dialog: 63
speaker_heading: #02075 24
scene_heading: EXT. GANGWAY STAIRS - LATE DAY - MATTE 61
text: Kessler forces his way down against the passengers still
text: boarding. The band plays relentlessly.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON ELEANORE : . 62
text: Escorted from the crush behind the guards, she runs to- her
text: husband. They kiss in the shadow of the ship.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: (an urgent whisper)
dialog: I had to see you again.
speaker_heading: ELEANORE
dialog: (clinging to him)
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: I think you should do what you said
dialog: -«»-about going to Switzerland.
speaker_heading: ELEANORE
dialog: (glancing at
dialog: Youth Troop)
dialog: Not without you.
text: His eyes follow hers and cloud.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: All right. I'11 be home in six days.
dialog: Then we'll ‘see.
text: They exchange a long, loving look. Embracing her hurriedly,
text: he runs up the gangway which then withdraws: into the ship.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL GONDOLA - STEERING ROOM - NIGHT - CLOSE ON 63
scene_heading: GONDOLA CLOCK :
text: which reads 8:18. Pull back to Pruss who turns from the clock.
dialog: »
dialog: « Rl
speaker_heading: Up ship: PRUSS
text: Watch Officer. Dimmler, Chief Engineer Sauter, Helmsman Frenkel,
text: Elevatorman Felber snap to their posts.
speaker_heading: PRUSS
dialog: (to Lehmann; gruffly)
dialog: Don't. just stand there like an ob-
dialog: server. Make yourself useful --
dialog: Captain.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: iv
dialog: 63
dialog: 64
dialog: 65
dialog: 66
dialog: 67
dialog: 68
dialog: 69
dialog: 70
speaker_heading: “71
dialog: 72
speaker_heading: #02075 25
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 63
speaker_heading: LEHMANN
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Thanks, Captain.
text: Pleased and happy, he busies himself checking instruments.-
speaker_heading: OMITTED 64
scene_heading: EXT. HINDENBURG AND HANGAR - NIGHT - LOCATION AND MINIATURE 65
text: Men on the mooring mast start to disconnect the nose cone.
scene_heading: INT. NOSE CONE - NIGHT - FAVORING BOERTH 66
text: His face against a window, Boerth stands on the long staircase
text: leading to the riggers' shelf where Chief Knorr and Second
text: Rigger Neuhaus disconnect the nose cone from inside.
speaker_heading: KNORR
dialog: Eric -- lend a hand. You act like
dialog: this is your first trip.
text: BOERTH'S POINT OF VIEW TOWARD GROUND 67
text: Freda Hallé regards Boerth with a calm, unwavering gaze.
scene_heading: REVERSE ANGLE - CLOSE ON BOERTH 68
text: He stares at Freda for-a long beat, then turns away.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON FREDA 69
text: visibly moved. She hurries off, glancing back once.
scene_heading: EXT. HINDENBURG - NIGHT - MINIATURE AND. MATTE . 70
text: Searchlights playing onto Her sides, she noses from.the mast.
text: Mooring lines are cast off.
scene_heading: INT. "A" DECK PROMENADE - NIGHT - CLOSE ON KESSLER 71
text: Troubled, he peers down, shading his eyes from the beams.
scene_heading: HIS POINT OF VIEW - ELEANORE KESSLER ON THE GROUND 72
text: She stares back and waves half-heartedly. With his wife at
text: the center, the world slowly recedes.
dialog: , de
dialog: 73
speaker_heading: iT
speaker_heading: VJ
dialog: 74
dialog: c*
dialog: 75
dialog: 
speaker_heading: #02075
dialog: 26
scene_heading: CLOSE ANGLE ON KESSLER AT OBSERVATION WINDOW
text: He hangs.on to his wife with his eyes.
dialog: shoulder.
text: Angle widens as Kessler turns to find Vogel.
speaker_heading: : A VOICE
dialog: Colonel Kessler. Did you know
dialog: we're cabin mates?
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: Are we?
speaker_heading: : VOGEL
dialog: Yes, I feel honored. I hope the
dialog: Colonel doesn't mind sharing
dialog: quarters with me.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
text: Delighted.
text: But his face doesn't show it.
scene_heading: EXT. HINDENBURG - NIGHT - MINIATURE AND MATTE
text: A hand claps his
dialog: 73
dialog: 74
text: Set adazzle by the searchlights, the Hindenburg floats upwards,
text: silent as a cloud.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL GONDOLA - NIGHT
text: Navigator von Bauer hands a weather map to Pruss who frowns
dialog: at it.
speaker_heading: PRUSS
text: Weather over the Channel.
speaker_heading: LEHMANN
dialog: (dipping in)
dialog: If we fly the north side of the
dialog: storm, the pressure pattern will
dialog: simply push us over England.
speaker_heading: PRUSS
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: The British don't want us over
dialog: their chimney pots. They'll com-
dialog: plain to the Foreign Office.
speaker_heading: LEHMANN
text: The Foreign Office isn't aboard.
dialog: 2
text: The engines start with a roar.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 76
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: “de
dialog: 75
dialog: 76
dialog: 77
dialog: 78
dialog: 79 |
speaker_heading: #02075 27
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 75
speaker_heading: PRUSS
dialog: (firmly)
dialog: I'll do the worrying this trip,
dialog: Ernst. We'll stay on course and
text: try to outrun the storm.
scene_heading: EXT. HINDENBURG - NIGHT - LONG SHOT - MINIATURE AND MATTE 76
text: As she sails west, the searchlights hold the swastikas on her
text: tail. The searchlights cut off. Darkness....
scene_heading: EXT. HANGAR AND LANDING MAST AT LAKEHURST - DAY - MATTE 77
text: A lonely sailor outlines a huge landing circle around the
text: deserted mast with a marker used for tennis courts.
scene_heading: . A title: LAKEHURST NAVAL AIR STATION, MAY 3, 2:28 P.M.
scene_heading: INT. ADMINISTRATION BUILDING - DAY - ROSENDAHL'S OFFICE 78
text: At his desk the Commandant of the Naval Air Station, salty,
dialog: astute Commander Charles E. Rosendahl -- the foremost devel-
dialog: oper of American lighter-than-air -- reads: The Literary
dialog: Digest.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON DOOR : : . . 79
dialog: * .
text: Knocking on the door nameplate as he comes, Rosendahl's Exec.,
text: Lt. Henry Truscott, young, jaunty with a hair-line moustache,
text: hustles. in.
speaker_heading: TRUSCOTT
dialog: She's on her way, sir.
dialog: (delivering a cable)
dialog: Left Frankfurt ten minutes ago,
text: -8:18 by their clock.
speaker_heading: ROSENDAHL
dialog: {reading cable)
dialog: Now we sweat, Hank.
speaker_heading: TRUSCOTT
dialog: Yeah...till 6 A.M. Thursday.
speaker_heading: ROSENDAHL
dialog: (picking up Digest)
dialog: Listen to this: 'No voyager on
dialog: the Hindenburg need fear fire
dialog: within the ship, etc., etc.'
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: de #02075 28
scene_heading: 79 CONTINUED . 79
speaker_heading: a : ROSENDAHL (Cont'd)
dialog: es (rises, tossing
dialog: down the Digest)
dialog: Same magazine that predicted Landon
dialog: would beat Roosevelt. in thirty-two
dialog: states.
speaker_heading: TRUSCOTT
dialog: That's why I read Ballyhoo --
dialog: exclusively.
speaker_heading: ROSENDAHL
dialog: (circling)
dialog: Every time she puts in here it's
text: like opening a Pandora's box.
dialog: (beat)
text: A booby-trapped Pandora's box.
dialog: (pausing at model of
dialog: airship Los Angeles)
dialog: Remember what happened last time we
dialog: took this one up?
scene_heading: 80 CLOSE. ON MODEL 80
speaker_heading: TRUSCOTT'S VOICE
dialog: Yeah...If we hadn't had helium,
dialog: we wouldn't be here.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 81 EXT. HINDENBURG - NIGHT - MINIATURE 81
text: She looms past camera, silvery’ and immense.
scene_heading: 82 INT. HULL OF AIRSHIP ~ NIGHT. , 82
text: A figure on the lower catwalk is all but lost in the. dim
text: tunnel through the depths of the interior. Inside the hull
text: the resemblance is closer to a mine far down in the earth
text: than to a mighty skyborne ship floating effortlessly above
text: it. Only in the narrow separations between the sixteen
text: massive gas cells are there glimpses of the arches, girders,
text: webs of-wire that hold the vast structure together. . .
scene_heading: 83 CLOSE ON KESSLER s3
text: moving on the lower catwalk. Surveying the complexity of
text: this enormous maze, he comes to a stop.
scene_heading: 84 ANOTHER ANGLE 84
text: Boerth, carrying a handling-line and tackle, appears from a
text: hidden recess and moves noiselessly down the catwalk. Blocked,
text: his taps Kessler on the back.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
speaker_heading: dc #02075 . 29
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 84 CONTINUED 84
speaker_heading: BOERTH
dialog: Have you found it, sir?
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: (turning)
dialog: Found what?
speaker_heading: BOERTH
dialog: (looking him
dialog: in eye)
dialog: There are no secrets on Zeppelins.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: (staring back)
dialog: Let's hope not.
text: Now he makes room for Boerth to pass and watches him disappear .
text: into dimness.
scene_heading: 85 INT. DINING SALOON - NIGHT 85
text: As Chief Steward Kirsch and Stewardess Imhoff set the tables
text: to lively music over the speakers, Spah enters.
speaker_heading: SPAH
dialog: 
dialog: When do we eat?
speaker_heading: KIRSCH
dialog: A light supper will be served at
dialog: ten, sir. . .
speaker_heading: SPAH
dialog: It's important you put me at Mr.
dialog: —-. Reed Channing's table. I've-been
text: checking on his dog.
speaker_heading: KIRSCH
dialog: You shouldn't have been back there,
dialog: Mr. Spah. It's against regulations.
dialog: > > : SPAH . *
dialog: . . ‘(tipping him) ° ‘ , :
dialog: : So don't say anything. Okay, .
dialog: friend?
text: Kirsch nods and pockets the money. Stewardess Imhof looks
text: after Spah narrowly.
scene_heading: =) 86 INT. THE LOUNGE ON "A" DECK ~ NIGHT 86
text: se Kessler and Vogel enter. Passing them, Irene joins her parents
text: at a table.
speaker_heading: “ns #02075 30
scene_heading: re 87 CLOSE ON TABLE
speaker_heading: ra) IRENE
dialog: (eagerly)
dialog: Daddy, I've been waiting to tell
dialog: you. A young man at the airfield «
dialog: gave me this. ‘
dialog: (producing pen)
dialog: He told me not to ---
speaker_heading: BRESLAU
dialog: (with dismay)
dialog: Where'd you get that?
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: I'm trying to tell you, Daddy ---
speaker_heading: BRESLAU
dialog: (taking pen)
dialog: Give it to me, dumpling.
speaker_heading: : MILDRED
dialog: Your father's right, Irene. You
dialog: shouldn't accept gifts from strange
dialog: 
dialog: men.
speaker_heading: ; IRENE
dialog: Oh Mother....
scene_heading: 88 ANGLE ON KESSLER AND. VOGEL
text: Kessler has been watching Irene and her father. .
speaker_heading: VOGEL .
dialog: _ (following his gaze)
dialog: “She's a pretty little thing. With
dialog: only 4000 miles to go, I'd better
dialog: 
dialog: meet her.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: . (from promenade)
dialog: > : 4100. .
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: We've got 4100 miles to go.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: Right.
dialog: (pointing to windows)
dialog: Holland.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: “ns
dialog: 89
dialog: 90
dialog: 91
dialog: #02075 . 31
speaker_heading: CONTINUED : 88
speaker_heading: KESSLER (Cont'd)
dialog: (glancing at watch)
dialog: Nine minutes late, or do you make
dialog: it ten, Mr. Douglas?
text: Douglas gives him an odd look. Kessler scrutinizes him.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON THE BRESLAU TABLE 89
speaker_heading: VOGEL
dialog: (approaching; with
dialog: a bow)
text: Otto Vogel, the ship's photographer.
dialog: May I borrow the charming young
dialog: lady tomorrow as a model?
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: Hey, that's smooth.
speaker_heading: BRESLAU
dialog: (rising)
dialog: I'm going to have a smoke.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: I'll join you.
speaker_heading: ~ MILDRED
dialog: (as others leave)
dialog: Tell me, Mr. Vogel, is there any-
dialog: body worthwhile on board? I still
dialog: say the French Line has the best . .
dialog: society. ,
scene_heading: ANGLE ON DOOR TO BAR-SMOKING ‘ROOM - "B" DECK 90
text: Kessler waits for Breslau to pass through the revolving door
text: which serves as an airlock to the pressurized area on the
dialog: other side. : .
scene_heading: INT. BAR-SMOKING ROOM - NIGHT : ‘ : ot
dialog: >
text: Breslau emerges first into a small alcove with a stand-up bar.
text: Bartender Balla opens a second normal door to admit him to the
dialog: smoking room proper.
speaker_heading: BRESLAU
dialog: (as he goes)
dialog: Thanks. A beer, please.
text: The smoking room, attended by Chief Bar Steward Schulz, has
text: only one lighter, the automobile type, centrally located in
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: “ns
dialog: wy 92
speaker_heading: SO
dialog: 92
text: _ He shakes his head.
dialog: #02075, 32
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 91
text: awall. Pajetta blows on the lighter and makes a vain attempt
text: to ignite his stogie. The Countess fills an elegant miniature
text: pipe from a small silver box.
speaker_heading: COUNTESS
dialog: (leaning forward)
dialog: When you're quite through with it,
dialog: may I, Mr..Pajetta?
speaker_heading: PAJETTA
dialog: (peevishly passing it)
dialog: One damn lighter -- it's hell on
dialog: cigar smokers.
speaker_heading: COUNTESS
dialog: (applying lighter
dialog: to her little pipe)
dialog: Filthy habit, cigars.
text: Pajetta sniffs, eyes the Countess, and glances significantly at
text: Napier who also recognizes the aroma from the little pipe.
text: Kessler enters and surveys the smoking room.
speaker_heading: COUNTESS
dialog: / (tipping pipe at him)
dialog: Join me, Colonel? Goering adores
dialog: it.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON STEWARD SCHULZ 92
text: opening door to alcove, pointing. :
speaker_heading: SCHULZ
text: Right in here on the bar. The pen
dialog: stood upright for more than two
dialog: hours.. That's how steady the . .
dialog: « Hindenburg flies. . «
text: Bartender Balla sets a beer in front of Breslau. In b.g. Vogel
text: enters. Osborne, an Ivy-leaguer wearing a‘college blazer and
text: puffing a carved meerschaum pipe, pretends to play solitaire
text: while girding himself to approach the Countess.
speaker_heading: NAPIER
dialog: Let's have a go at it ourselves,
dialog: shall we?
dialog: (looking around)
dialog: Who has a pen?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
speaker_heading: “ns #02075 33
speaker_heading: oN 92 CONTINUED : 92
text: Napier sees the pen in Breslau's breast. pocket.
speaker_heading: ‘ "NAPIER ,
dialog: (lifting Breslau's pen)
dialog: ’ D'you mind, old boy?
speaker_heading: BRESLAU
dialog: (jolted)
dialog: Yes...I need my pen.
scene_heading: 93 CLOSE ON KESSLER 93
text: narrowly watching Breslau.
speaker_heading: NAPIER'S VOICE
dialog: Not for a few minutes, surely.
scene_heading: 94 ANOTHER ANGLE FROM BAR-ALCOVE . . 94
text: as Napier moves to the bar and stands the pen on it, others
text: gather around.
speaker_heading: . NAPIER
dialog: Fifty quid the bally pen'll be
dialog: toppled in less than an hour.
dialog: ay
speaker_heading: » . BRESLAU
dialog: « . (reaching for pen)
dialog: @ This is nonsense.
text: Hobbling over, Pajetta hooks his cane onto Breslau's arm.
speaker_heading: PAJETTA
dialog: You haven't finished your beer yet,
dialog: sir.
dialog: - (to Napier)
dialog: I'll take that bet. :
speaker_heading: NAPIER
dialog: Righto. Anyone else? Osborne?
dialog: (indicating blazer
dialog: crest)
dialog: You'll defend the honor of old Eli,
dialog: won't you?
speaker_heading: OSBORNE
dialog: (Harvard accent)
dialog: It's Harvard.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: “ns
dialog: 94
dialog: 95
speaker_heading: #02075 34
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 94
speaker_heading: NAPIER
dialog: A hundred, did you say? The gentle-
text: man from Yale bets a hundred dollars.
speaker_heading: OSBORNE
dialog: I didn't say that. .I ---
text: He clams up as the Countess laughs and drifts over languidly.
speaker_heading: COUNTESS
dialog: What shall we bet, Colonel? The
dialog: honor of the Third Reich also hangs
dialog: in the balance.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: (closely observing pen)
dialog: On such a thin thread?
speaker_heading: COUNTESS
dialog: Five hundred marks it stands eight
dialog: hours.
dialog: (teasing)
dialog: Will you watch it through the night
dialog: with me, Colonel?
speaker_heading: BRESLAU
dialog: . (reaching to pen)
dialog: I told you I need it.
text: Kessler grabs the pen and moves swiftly. behind the bar.
dialog: t
speaker_heading: , : : KESSLER
dialog: Sorry, all bets are off.
text: He drops the pen into the bar sink and opens it carefully under
text: water. He looks, pauses, takes the pen from the water and puts
text: it in his pocket. The bettors screened off by the bar regard
text: him in mystification. Coming from behind the bar, Kessler
text: grasps Breslau by the arm.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: Mr. Breslau, please Come with me.
speaker_heading: BRESLAU
dialog: What in hell's going on?
text: Kessler hustles him through the door lock.
scene_heading: INT. BRESLAU CABIN - NIGHT . 95
text: Kessler shakes four diamonds from inside the pen onto the
text: writing table. Breslau sits on the bed....
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ns #02075 35
speaker_heading: 95 CONTINUED 95
speaker_heading: BRESLAU
dialog: ...When they came to me, I refused
dialog: to do it. They brought it to my
dialog: daughter anyhow. She didn't know
dialog: what it was; neither did my wife.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: , KESSLER
dialog: Are your relatives Jews?
speaker_heading: BRESLAU
dialog: (rising)
dialog: Damn you, yes! My grandmother was
dialog: a Jew. Look here, Colonel. I
dialog: import a lot of German surgical
dialog: instruments. You can bet the manu-
dialog: facturers. won't be so sensitive
dialog: about my grandmother's background.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: Mrs. Milstein.
speaker_heading: BRESLAU
dialog: Yes. They wanted me to sell the
dialog: diamonds so they could get out of
dialog: Germany. Does their name have to
dialog: co be part of it now? You know what
dialog: ‘could Happen to them.
text: Kessler shrugs, puts the pen in his pocket.
speaker_heading: 7 KESSLER
dialog: (handing him diamonds,
dialog: poker-faced)
dialog: — : Just make sure you declare these
dialog: to U. S. Customs. 7
dialog: (tapping his pocket)
dialog: I'm keeping the pen for the Gestapo
dialog: museum.
text: - Kessler leaves. Thunder rumbles outside’ the ship.
scene_heading: 96 EXT, THE HINDENBURG - NIGHT - MATTE : 96
text: As she flies through a darkening sky, there's a flash of
text: lightning in the distance. °
scene_heading: 97 INT. "A" DECK PROMENADE AND DINING SALOON - NIGHT 97
dialog: i sp-gee\
text: ce] Lightning, followed by more thunder, slashes past frightened
text: “ passengers at the observation windows.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 98
speaker_heading: #02075 36
speaker_heading: CONTINUED . 97
text: Others hurry from tables in the dining saloon where a late
text: supper is being served. Rain, sounding like surf, belts down
text: on the linen outer skin. Steward Macher closes a window near
dialog: Mildred and Irene Breslau. , ,
scene_heading: ANGLE ON. CHANNINGS' TABLE IN DINING SALOON 98
text: Joe Spah occupies a third place at their table for two.
speaker_heading: SPAH
dialog: Yeah, when I saw your dog it was
dialog: doing good. .
speaker_heading: BESS
dialog: That was real kind, Joe.
text: Channing pours champagne for Bess, goes to fill Joe's glass.
speaker_heading: SPAH
dialog: (turning over glass)
dialog: Never touch the stuff.
text: Nearby lightning flares, followed instantly by a crash of
text: thunder.. Flinching, Channing spills some wine. Spah thrusts
text: his hand into a napkin, deftly fashions it into a puppet and
text: mops up the wine.
dialog: CHANNING . '
dialog: (filling own glass) .-
dialog: It looks like our moment of truth
dialog: has come.
speaker_heading: SPAH
dialog: (making puppet speak)
dialog: So okay, Mr. Channing. I'm gonna
dialog: tell you the truth about Joe. He
dialog: bribed the guy to be at your table.
dialog: He's a big admirer. But that's not
dialog: the real reason. . 2 °
dialog: (without puppet now;
dialog: earnestly)
dialog: The real reason is I'd like to be
dialog: in your new show, Mr. Channing.
dialog: I'm working on this new act. A
dialog: Zep act. Real sophisticated. Per-
dialog: fect for a show like yours.
dialog: >
speaker_heading: BESS
dialog: (transfixed by storm)
dialog: Sugar, next time let's take the
dialog: Titanic.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 100
dialog: 
dialog: ‘lol
dialog: 102
dialog: 103
dialog: ( i
speaker_heading: #02075 37
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 98
text: They can almost hear the next jagged bolt sizzle past, and
text: this time the crash of thunder shakes the ship.
speaker_heading: OMITTED : , 99
scene_heading: INT, CONTROL GONDOLA - NIGHT . 100
text: Rips of lightning outside the darkened gondola elongate the
text: black figures of the men and distort their faces.
speaker_heading: : LEHMANN
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: Over there, Max.. See it? An
text: opening in the storm.
speaker_heading: PRUSS
dialog: (to Helmsman)
dialog: Alter course 30 degrees right,
text: Frenkel. Head for that light spot.
speaker_heading: PRUSS
dialog: (to Chief Sauter)
dialog: Forward. engines to half.
dialog: (aside to Lehmann)
dialog: We'd better slow down in this tur-
dialog: bulence. That's how your American
dialog: friends lost all their ships.
speaker_heading: OMITTED - - 102
scene_heading: EXT, THE HINDENBURG - NIGHT - MATTE . 102
text: She sails on to. clear skies and starlight.
scene_heading: INT. CABIN OF KESSLER AND VOGEL - NIGHT : “103
text: Kessler on the lower bunk studies the dossier supplied him by
text: the ss. vogel finishes brushing his teeth.
speaker_heading: _ “yOGEL + . oo
dialog: That pen incident -- it's obvious
dialog: you're looking for a bomb.
text: Kessler stares at him coldly.
speaker_heading: VOGEL
dialog: (climbing into upper)
dialog: Only obvious to me, that is. I
dialog: knew he was the kind for diamonds,
dialog: not bombs.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
speaker_heading: “ns #02075 38
scene_heading: ro 103 CONTINUED . 103
speaker_heading: _) VOGEL (Cont'd)
dialog: ~ (stretching out)
dialog: I could've told you Breslau is a
dialog: Jew. All the characteristics:
text: brachycephalic skull, heavy lower
dialog: jaw, kinky hair, skin ---
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: Breslau happens to be just one-
dialog: quarter Jewish.
text: Vogel snorts. Kessler turns a page of the dossier.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: Only in Berlin is everyone so pure.
text: The world is mongrelized, Vogel.
dialog: We have all shapes of heads. to
dialog: choose from here. Can your x-ray
dialog: eyes see inside them?
scene_heading: 104 INT. SMOKING ROOM - NIGHT 104
text: Napier, Pajetta, Osborne, and a business man play cards. The
text: tape is missing from the tip of Pajetta's cane.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: KESSLER'S VOICE
dialog: Major Napier, for one, who has no
dialog: traceable income, but makes frequent
dialog: .trips on luxury liners. A good way
dialog: to pick up information from impor-
dialog: tant people. Why suddenly the
text: Hindenburg? His big earlobes make
dialog: me think He's a British spy.
speaker_heading: VOGEL'S VOICE
dialog: There's no need for sarcasm, Colonel..
scene_heading: 105 INT,’ "A" DECK PROMENADE - NIGHT . 105
text: Douglas paces the empty deck. : :
speaker_heading: . VOGEL'S VOICE
dialog: May -I humbly suggest’ that Mr. Edward
dialog: Douglas also bears watching? So
dialog: very afraid we'll arrive late.
speaker_heading: KESSLER'S VOICE
dialog: KS He's head of the foreign branch of
text: BB an advertising company in Berlin.
dialog: S Their big account is pharmaceuticals.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: ~ns
dialog: 105
dialog: 106
dialog: 107
speaker_heading: #02075 39
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: KESSLER'S VOICE (Cont'd)
dialog: But he collected information from
dialog: German plants that supply parts
dialog: for the Hindenburg.
text: Douglas swings into the foyer, stops at the progress map and
text: studies it. worriedly.
speaker_heading: VOGEL'S VOICE
text: America prepares for war, too.
speaker_heading: KESSLER'S VOICE
dialog: He was Naval Intelligence during
dialog: the last one. Stayed abroad. Went
dialog: into advertising. But he's careful
dialog: not to advertise his business this
dialog: trip. :
speaker_heading: VOGEL'S VOICE
dialog: Joe Spah is just the opposite. He'd
dialog: do anything to get his name in the
dialog: paper. .
scene_heading: INT. SPAH'S CABIN - NIGHT
text: Spah does a backbend from the upper - bunk and picks up an
text: object from the floor. The Japanese diplomat in the lower
text: stares at him. Upside down, Spah hands him the horn-rims
text: he's retrieved. The Japanese smiles and bows. Spah bows
text: back, drops all the way and stands on‘his head.
speaker_heading: KESSLER'S VOICE
dialog: He's just a clown. _..
speaker_heading: VOGEL'S VOICE
dialog: A clown who refused to perform for
dialog: the Fuehrer to be. on this flight.
dialog: Also he spent a week. in Moscow.
dialog: To see the Russian circus -- he
dialog: says. You can't deny Spah has an >
dialog: unfriendly attitude.
speaker_heading: RESSLER'S * VOICE
dialog: A lot of people fail to see all
dialog: our endearing qualities.
speaker_heading: VOGEL'S VOICE
dialog: Which are well displayed in the
dialog: Countess. How do you happen to
dialog: know her?
speaker_heading: OMITTED
dialog: 105
dialog: 106
dialog: 107
speaker_heading: ns #02075 40
scene_heading: 108 INT. A PASSAGEWAY FORWARD - NIGHT 108
dialog: 
text: The Countess moves warily. She is looking for a certain door.
speaker_heading: KESSLER'S VOICE
dialog: Her husband and I were members of
dialog: the same flying club in the days
dialog: before the Luftwaffe. He was
text: killed in a crash and she went back
dialog: to her family estate. Haven't seen
dialog: her in years.
speaker_heading: VOGEL'S VOICE
dialog: Ah, a rich widow with an estate.
speaker_heading: KESSLER'S VOICE
dialog: Yes, she's from a very distinguished
dialog: North Baltic family. A von Reugen
dialog: from Peenemunde.
speaker_heading: VOGEL'S VOICE
dialog: - Peenemunde? At the mouth of the
dialog: Oder?
speaker_heading: KESSLER'S VOICE
dialog: Right. She owns half the island.
dialog: 
text: The Countess finds the door she wants, opens it cautiously.
text: Radio Officer Speck sits at the equipment, manicuring his nails.
speaker_heading: VOGEL'S VOICE.
dialog: Not any more. Peenemunde's just :
dialog: een taken over by Weapons Research.
text: Some big new development in rockets.
dialog: If she knows what's going on there,
dialog: it's risky letting her out of the =
dialog: country.
text: Speck senses something, turns. At first he looks surprised,
text: then delighted. He beckons her in.
speaker_heading: ° *KESSLER'S VOICE
dialog: ‘ , . I'd say it was risky for the ship's
dialog: photographer to step out of line
dialog: with the Countess.
text: Speck carefully checks the passageway.
speaker_heading: VOGEL'S VOICE
dialog: Maybe so, but if I were you, Kessler,
dialog: I'd find out just how much she really
dialog: knows before I let her off this ship.
dialog: 
text: The door closes.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ns #02075 41
scene_heading: 108 CONTINUED . 108
scene_heading: oY . KESSLER'S VOICE ,
dialog: _/ (annoyed)
dialog: I intend to. But you stay away
dialog: from her.
scene_heading: 109 INT. CREW'S QUARTERS - NIGHT © 109
text: As Boerth looks on, Cabin Boy Flakus plays checkers with grimy
text: Mechanic Ludecke. Boerth stops young Flakus from making a bad
text: move, shows him a good one. Ludecke protests angrily.
speaker_heading: VOGEL'S VOICE
dialog: (a sarcastic click-
dialog: ing sound, then)
dialog: Fine with me. Tomorrow this photog-
dialog: rapher might take ‘some pictures of ©
dialog: the crew. Find out what the common
dialog: people are thinking.
speaker_heading: KESSLER'S VOICE ~
dialog: They say the rigger Eric Boerth has
text: a mistress who works in the Berlin
text: branch of a French bank.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 110 INT. CABIN OF KESSLER AND VOGEL - NIGHT . 110
speaker_heading: VOGEL ~
dialog: (sitting up)
dialog: . Where did you hear that?
speaker_heading: : KESSLER
dialog: I also hear she's been around.
dialog: Boerth's not the first. Her name |
dialog: is Freda Halle.
speaker_heading: VOGEL
dialog: I. understand Boerth's a good man,
dialog: a Hitler Youth troop leader.
dialog: . . . (beat) . .
dialog: : By the way, am I a suspect, too?
text: . KESSLER.
dialog: You? You're my staunch ally, my
dialog: teammate, my good right arm -- the
dialog: Gestapo.
speaker_heading: VOGEL
dialog: Ridiculous. Where'd you get such
dialog: an idea?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ~ CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: #02075 42
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 110
speaker_heading: . KESSLER
dialog: (holding up dossier)
dialog: Detailed information about everyone
dialog: but Otto Vogel. All it says about
dialog: him is 'official Hindenburg photog-
dialog: rapher.'
speaker_heading: VOGEL
dialog: (smugly)
dialog: Gestapo sources of information are
dialog: really excellent.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: Maybe not quite so good as you think.
dialog: (raising dossier)
dialog: This fails to mention that Colonel
dialog: Kessler doesn't like Gestapo methods,
dialog: doesn't use them and --
dialog: (tossing notebook
dialog: into his bunk)
dialog: I don't want you operating behind
dialog: my back. .
text: Vogel leans against the linen wall, staring hard at him.
text: Kessler yawns and stretches out on his bunk.
speaker_heading: oO KESSLER
dialog: That's why we're cabin-mates.
speaker_heading: cuT TO
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - THE BOMB : , : 11
text: held in the same hand, but behind it now is the throb of the
text: ship's engines establishing beyond all doubt that the bomb is
text: aboard the Hindenburg.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: .- psa
dialog: 112
dialog: 113
dialog: Co
dialog: 114
dialog: 115
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: #02075 43
speaker_heading: FADE. IN
scene_heading: EXT. WASHINGTON, D.C. - THE STATE DEPARTMENT - DAY 112
scene_heading: A title: U.S. STATE DEPARTMENT, TUESDAY, MAY 4, 9 A.M.-
scene_heading: INT. THE UNDERSECRETARY'S OFFICE - DAY 113
scene_heading: UNDERSECRETARY HANFORD
dialog: I'm sorry, Dr. Luther. I hate to
dialog: think Captain Lehmann will be wast-
dialog: ing his time here.
speaker_heading: LUTHER
dialog: (handing him
dialog: ’ Rauch letter)
dialog: Well, perhaps this at least will
dialog: persuade State to arrange the
dialog: appointments for him.
speaker_heading: . HANFORD
dialog: (as he reads)
dialog: You know how Congress feels about
dialog: helium. They're afraid Chancellor
dialog: Hitler would use it for military ---
text: He stops and finishes the letter with rising concern.
speaker_heading: HANFORD
dialog: Good lord, Dr. Luther, what's been
dialog: >done about this? :
speaker_heading: : LUTBER
dialog: __ Everything possible to guarantee
text: ~~ the safety of the airship. But the oo
dialog: chief danger to the Hindenberg is
dialog: America's monopoly of helium. If
dialog: anything happens, Mr. Hanford, the
dialog: catastrophe could be blamed on your
dialog: country. .
dialog: yo ‘cur To ~ .
scene_heading: EXT. THE HINDENBERG -- DAY - MINIATURE , 114
text: Sparkling in the sunlight, she cruises above a calm Atlantic.
scene_heading: INT. FOYER - DAY - CLOSE ON MAP OF ROUTE 115
text: Cabin Boy Flakus advances the little flag to a point 200 miles
dialog: off the Irish coast.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 117
dialog: 118
dialog: 119
speaker_heading: #02075 44
scene_heading: INT. RADIO ROOM - DAY
text: Entering, Kessler hesitates as he sees the 2nd Radio Officer
dialog: with Speck. :
text: ‘KESSLER .
dialog: Mr. Lessing, would you wait outside
dialog: a moment, please?
speaker_heading: LESSING
dialog: Certainly, Colonel.
text: With a sidewise glance at Speck, he leaves.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: Get this message off to Gestapo
dialog: Headquarters, Berlin. Attention
dialog: Hufschmidt.
dialog: (dictating to Speck)
dialog: Send results of Freda Halle sur-
dialog: veillance so far. Also run check
dialog: on Halle lovers before Boerth --
dialog: signed Kessler.
dialog: fas Speck finishes
dialog: typing)
dialog: Destroy that when it's sent and
dialog: record the message by code. number.
speaker_heading: SPECK
dialog: Yessir.
text: He begins tapping out the message on the wireless key.’
dialog: : . :
scene_heading: INT. HULL - DAY - CLOSE ON NAVIGATOR'S PERCH
text: On a platform above the middle catwalk, von Bauer shoots
text: sunlines through the plexiglass bubble in the skin.
scene_heading: ANGLE STRAIGHT DOWN VENTILATOR SHAFT
text: Sunlight filters through the fabric skin into the shaft.
text: Steward Kirsch; followed by Channing, appears on the lower
text: catwalk below the shaft. ;
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT - CHANNING AND KIRSCH ON LOWER CATWALK
speaker_heading: CHANNING
dialog: We don't like the dog so far away.
dialog: Suppose something happens?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 116
dialog: 117
dialog: 118
dialog: 119
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 120
speaker_heading: #02075 45
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 119
speaker_heading: KIRSCH
dialog: Impossible, Mr. Channing. Your
text: dog is traveling first class as
dialog: good as the passengers.
text: The sound of excited barking comes from a freight room aft.
speaker_heading: : KIRSCH
dialog: See? She agrees.
speaker_heading: : A VOICE
dialog: Kirschi
text: Kirsch, with a pained expression, stops abruptly.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE . 120
text: Kessler bears down on them.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: What are you doing taking a pas-
dialog: senger into the ship's interior?
speaker_heading: CHANNING
dialog: Just a minute, Colonel. When we
dialog: bought our tickets we were told we
dialog: could visit our dog.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: That may be, Mr. Channing, but the
dialog: ship's interior is now off limits
dialog: to passengers.
dialog: (hard at Kirsch)
dialog: No matter how much’ anyone. tips. . “
text: igesturing Channing .
dialog: forward)
dialog: Now please....
text: As Channing starts off, the dog o.s. barks loudly.
speaker_heading: CHANNING
dialog: ; » (whirling)
dialog: “Damn it, I'm, going to see my dog.
text: He stumbles trying to get past Kessler who steadies him.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: Passengers are barred for their
dialog: own safety.
dialog: (pointing down)
dialog: Take a look, Mr. Channing. If you
dialog: fell, you'd go right through into
dialog: the sea.
text: Channing, still furious, glances down.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: sk
dialog: 121
dialog: 
speaker_heading: #02075 46
scene_heading: INT. OFFICERS' MESS - DAY - CLOSEUP - PRUSS 121
speaker_heading: PRUSS
dialog: Last year passengers were per-
text: mitted inside the hulI, but not
dialog: this voyage.
text: Pull back to the Channings who confront Pruss with Kessler
text: beside him.
speaker_heading: CHANNING
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: Typical. You're running the ship .
text: like a concentration camp.
speaker_heading: PRUSS
dialog: I agree that I am running this
dialog: ship.
speaker_heading: BESS.
dialog: You can go to hell. No, I take
dialog: it back. That would be better
dialog: than Germany is today.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: I'm curious, Mr. and Mrs. Channing.
dialog: Why would people like yourselves
dialog: wtake the Hindenburg?
speaker_heading: CHANNING
dialog: (heatedly)
dialog: If you must know, only because my
dialog: wife. --- . °
text: Bess stops him with a look.
speaker_heading: CHANNING
dialog: -+-My wife gets seasick on boats.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: (smiling at Bess)
dialog: The Zeppelin Company couldn't have
dialog: a better recommendation.
speaker_heading: : ‘PRUSS
dialog: I'll assign the cabin boy to
dialog: visit your dog every watch and
dialog: report back to you. Fair
dialog: enough?
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Now let's talk about the arrangements
dialog: for your concert, Mr. Channing.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
speaker_heading: sk #02075 47
speaker_heading: 121 CONTINUED 121
speaker_heading: CHANNING
dialog: D'you really think I'll go through
dialog: with it now?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PRUSS
dialog: I announced the concert. I'm sure
dialog: you won't disappoint us.
speaker_heading: CHANNING
dialog: (pauses; an edge)
dialog: Okay. You're the captain. You
dialog: want a concert --
dialog: (spreading
dialog: his hands)
dialog: -- there'll be a concert.
scene_heading: 122 INSERT - A MESSAGE FORM 122
text: handwritten: “HAWKS TWO BEHIND EARLY STANZAS STOP HOW MUCH
text: CUSHION DOWN SHARKS NINTH ADVISE."
speaker_heading: LEHMANN'S VOICE
dialog: It's obviously in some private
dialog: code.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 123 INT. RADIO ROOM ~ DAY 123
text: Lehmann, Kessler and Speck puzzle over the message.
speaker_heading: ‘ . KESSLER
dialog: In any case it requires an answer
dialog: which:we'll see before Douglas.
dialog: That gives us an advantage.
speaker_heading: LEHMANN
dialog: True.
dialog: (to Speck)
dialog: Go ahead and send it.
scene_heading: 124 - EXT. THE HINDENBURG - DAY - MINIATURE . 124
text: as she is swallowed up in heavy fog.
scene_heading: 125 INT. CONTROL GONDOLA ~- DAY 125
text: ége The gondola is shrouded in the grey gloom of the fog.
speaker_heading: = CONTINUED
dialog: 
speaker_heading: « Sk #02075 48
speaker_heading: 125 CONTINUED 125
speaker_heading: mT) PRUSS
dialog: (to Elevatorman)
dialog: Take her down below the fog layer,
dialog: Hans. .
speaker_heading: LEHMANN
text: But no lower than 100 feet.
scene_heading: 126 INT. KESSLER - VOGEL CABIN AND PASSAGEWAY - DAY 126
text: Kessler pulIls on a sweater and goes into the passageway. He
text: stops, sniffs, zeros in on a door he throws open.
scene_heading: 127 INT. THE COUNTESS' CABIN - DAY 127
text: In elegant deshabille at the writing desk, she applies a gold
text: lighter to her odd little pipe.
speaker_heading: - COUNTESS
dialog: (between puffs)
dialog: By all means, come right in, Franz.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: Where'd you get that lighter?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: COUNTESS
dialog: From our hot-blooded radio operator.
speaker_heading: a KESSLER ,
dialog: Give it to me, Countess.
text: Twisting away, she sits on the settee (bed made up for day).
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: (extending his palm)
dialog: Behave Ursula. You know it's
dialog: dangerous.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: COUNTESS .
dialog: .. - . (lolling back) , : .
dialog: Franz, I've learned the new game.
dialog: Breaking all the rules. It's much
dialog: more fun for people like us than
text: the butchers and shoe clerks in
dialog: their Brown shirts. Because, you
dialog: see, we made the rules.
speaker_heading: Dos KESSLER
dialog: ap (grasping her
dialog: wrist)
dialog: I made this one.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
speaker_heading: sk #02075 49
speaker_heading: 127 CONTINUED 127
text: 7 He pries open her fingers and takes the lighter.
speaker_heading: COUNTESS
dialog: -(a weary sigh)
dialog: Go ahead. Take it.
dialog: (gesturing)
dialog: Help yourself to anything else.
dialog: That's the official policy, isn't
dialog: it?
dialog: (shrugging)
dialog: * They've already taken my house
dialog: and my land.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: So I heard. A great sacrifice.
dialog: It was most generous of you.
speaker_heading: COUNTESS
dialog: Generous? I screamed bloody mur-
dialog: der. Good God, if I told you
dialog: what they're doing at Peenemunde,
dialog: Franz ---
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: (grasping her shoulders)
dialog: ~You don't know, Ursula. No one
dialog: does. If they thought you did, you
dialog: wouldn't be allowed to leave the
dialog: country. Listen to me. Without,
dialog: any questions asked or answered,
dialog: you miade a great sacrifice for
dialog: the Fatherland.
dialog: . (hard emphasis)
dialog: * Do you understand?
dialog: 
text: She stares at him, then slowly nods.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: (releasing her gently)
dialog: Good. >
dialog: “> COUNTESS .
dialog: (a deliberate trans-
dialog: formation)
dialog: Why anyone would want that
dialog: wretched island, I'1l never know.
dialog: Did I tell you, Franz, that I've
dialog: finally gotten rid cf it?
dialog: (picking up picture
dialog: of her daughter)
dialog: Trudi will be delighted, too.
text: She's growing up rather nicely,
dialog: I think. She'll be at the air-
dialog: field. Perhaps you'll see her.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: jv #02075 50
speaker_heading: 127 CONTINUED - 2 127
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: Beautiful child.
dialog: {looking up)
dialog: I heard you say she's at school in
dialog: Boston. That's marvelous.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: COUNTESS
dialog: Yes, and doing very well there.
dialog: It's a school for the deaf, you
dialog: know. The best, I'm told. Trudi's
text: learned to speak now and lip-read.
dialog: This. summer we'll ---
text: Suddenly she gasps and drops the picture. The cabin has
text: turned an eerie blue.
scene_heading: 128 INT. "A" DECK PROMENADE - DAY . 128
text: The whole ship glows the same eerie blue. The passengers at
text: tea on the banquettes look in terror at sparks dancing off
text: their fingers. People come running from their cabins and
text: the lounge. Kessler hurries onto the promenade with the
text: Countess who has the white cape over her shoulders.
scene_heading: -@\ 129 KESSLER'S POINT OF VIEW 129
dialog: fo
dialog: \
text: Pajetta and Napier rush from the lounge. Spotting Kessler,
text: Pajetta remembers he's:crippled, pulls up short and leans
text: heavily on his cane.
scene_heading: 130 CLOSE ON KESSLER - : 130
text: having seen. and. well-noted Pajetta's sudden agility.
scene_heading: 131 ANGLE TOWARD OCEAN. A HUNDRED FEET BELOW : 131
text: becoming visible as‘ the Zeppelin descends through the fog.
scene_heading: + EXCITED VOICES OVER > Pa
dialog: Were. on fire...It's crashing...I
dialog: smell gas...Harold!
scene_heading: 132 FULL ON PROMENADE 132
text: The sparks stop and the blue glow fades. Lehmann, smiling
text: reassurance, appears on deck.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 132
dialog: 133
dialog: "#02075 51
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 132
speaker_heading: LEHMANN ,
dialog: Please. Don't be upset. You've
dialog: just been treated to a harmless
text: display of St. Elmo's fire.
speaker_heading: EXCITED VOICES
dialog: What's that?...I know gas when I
dialog: smell it....
speaker_heading: LEHMANN
dialog: (chuckling)
dialog: No, no, no. As the ship came
dialog: through the fog, we accumulated an
dialog: electrical charge -- like a child
text: shuffling his shoes across a carpet.
dialog: But we're in no danger of conducting
dialog: the electricity, since we're at an
dialog: altitude of one hundred feet.
text: Kessler curiously watches Pajetta limping off with Napier.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON THE COUNTESS . 133
text: Drawing her cape around her, she contemplates the sea through
text: an open window. Kessler stops beside her.
speaker_heading: . COUNTESS
text: Marvelous sensation on an airship...
dialog: floating...timeless.... ,
text: Kessler inconspicuously tosses the lighter in his hand; then
text: drops it into the sea. She looks at him mischievously.
speaker_heading: KESSLER _
dialog: Do you still play cards, Ursula? .
speaker_heading: . COUNTESS
dialog: (flatly)
dialog: Why?
dialog: - : KESSLER ° ; . :
dialog: . Major Napier and Pajetta. .They . .
dialog: pique my professional curiosity.
speaker_heading: COUNTESS
dialog: I've been propositioned frequently,
dialog: but this is the first time I've been
dialog: recruited by the Luftwaffe. That is
dialog: what you're doing, isn't it, Franz?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 134
dialog: 135
dialog: 136
dialog: 137
dialog: 138
speaker_heading: #02075 ‘52
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 133
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: Yes...with apologies.
speaker_heading: COUNTESS
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: I'll give you ten percent of my
dialog: winnings.. If you rememher, I'm
dialog: good at games of chance,
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: You're in the right place.
speaker_heading: COUNTESS
dialog: (a puzzled look)
dialog: Now that's. an odd thing to say.
scene_heading: INT. LOUNGE .- NIGHT 134
text: rearranged for Channing's concert...crowded. Unoccupied re-
text: served seats for the Captain are in the front row. Some
text: off-duty crewmen, including Boerth, congregate on the promenade
text: decks. Many passengers are in evening dress. At the piano,
text: Channing waits for the beautifully gowned Countess to find a
text: seat. Men pop up all over, offering their places, but she
text: settles in splendid isolation in the Captain's row. Channing
text: starts to play.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - KESSLER AND VOGEL 135
text: »At the back, Kessler nods to Vogel. They quietly slip out. ©
scene_heading: FULL ON LOUNGE : 136
text: Channing plays a medley of show tunes written by others.
scene_heading: INT. SPAH'S CABIN -. NIGHT 137
text: Vogel searches through Spah's suitcase. He finds a gun, in-
text: spects it...a toy gun...Another doll. He pulls. off the head
text: looking inside. * Nothing but stuffing. He jams the head back,’
text: sticks the doll. in the suitcase and closes it hurriedly with
text: some force. A paper flutters off the writing table. He
text: picks it up.
scene_heading: INSERT - THE PAPER 138
text: It bears a sketch of the interior of the Hindenburg's stern.
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: ‘They go through the contents but find only business letters
speaker_heading: #02075 53
scene_heading: INT. DOUGLAS' CABIN - NIGHT 139
text: From the wardrobe Kessler pulls an attache case embossed with
text: Douglas’ name. Locked. Excited, Vogel comes in.
speaker_heading: VOGEL : . «
dialog: (hands paper . .
dialog: to Kessler) .
dialog: Spah made this sketch of the ship's
dialog: interior.
dialog: (self-satisfied)
dialog: Now what do you think of your pet
dialog: clown?
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: He's shown us where to look for his
dialog: next trick.
dialog: (handing him case)
dialog: See if you can open this.
speaker_heading: VOGEL
dialog: (disdainfully)
dialog: Standard combination.
text: Holding the lock to his ear he opens it expertly by using his
dialog: sense of touch and hearing.
speaker_heading: VOGEL
dialog: Simple for a man who knows his job.
text: KESSLER . .
dialog: Mine didn't require picking locks.
dialog: and layouts for toothpaste ads. .
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: Douglas got rid of that airport
dialog: cable fast.
dialog: (closing case)
dialog: We'll. have to wait for the answer
dialog: to the one he sent.
speaker_heading: . VOGEL .
dialog: {glancing at watch)
dialog: How long is this concert going to
dialog: last?
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: No telling, but I asked the Captain
text: to arrive fifteen minutes late.
dialog: 
dialog: 3
dialog: free
dialog: 140
dialog: 141
speaker_heading: #02075 54
scene_heading: INT. CABIN OF NAPIER AND PAJETTA - CLOSE ON A STRANGE DEVICE 140
text: made of two cardboard discs fastened together with a brass
text: split pin. The top disc, inscribed with numerals, has a
text: window. As the lower disc is rotated, words appear in the
text: window: "Operation K"..."Passage"..."Raid"..."Mr. Chandu."
speaker_heading: VOGEL'S VOICE
text: A coding device.
text: Pull back to Kessler and Vogel. studying the device beside
text: an open backgammon board containing assorted currency.
speaker_heading: KESSLER .
dialog: I've never seen one like it.
speaker_heading: VOGEL.
dialog: Luftwaffe Intelligence has. been too
text: busy sunning themselves in Spain.
text: He turns the disc until "Operation K" appears in the window.
speaker_heading: KESSLER .
dialog: What do you think that stands for,
dialog: Vogel -- Operation Kraut, Knockwurst,
dialog: or Kosher?
text: Kessler takes the device, returns it.to the backgammon board.
speaker_heading: VOGEL
dialog: What more do you need to arrest
dialog: Napier and Pajetta?
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: My orders are to move quietly. Be- .
dialog: sides, when you surface a spy and
dialog: he doesn't know it, you can use him
dialog: to your own advantage.
speaker_heading: VOGEL
dialog: . (a tight. smile)
dialog: You go to your church, I'll go to
dialog: mine --— or should I say synagogue, : . .
dialog: . Colonel? .
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: Some day, Vogel, all that nastiness
dialog: inside your gut is going to back up
dialog: and choke you.
scene_heading: INT. THE LOUNGE - NIGHT - FAVORING NAPIER AND PAJETTA 141
text: Channing plays the score from Babes In Arms. Pajetta, despite
text: Napier's arm digs, fights a losing battle to stay awake.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: psa #02075 55
scene_heading: 142 CLOSE ON CHANNING 142
text: ) He switches abruptly to a lively version of "Come, Josephine
text: In My Flying Machine," segueing into "Bei Mir Bist du Schoen."
scene_heading: 143 ANGLE ON CAPTAIN PRUSS | 143
text: With several officers, he enters and goes to his front row
text: seats. The audience applauds Pruss who bows a jovial’ acknowl-
text: edgment and sits beside the Countess.
scene_heading: 144 ANGLE TOWARD BACK OF ROOM 144
text: Kessler appears with Vogel.
speaker_heading: ‘VOGEL
dialog: That's the latest big hit in
dialog: America -- naturally.
scene_heading: 145 ANGLE ON CHANNING 145
text: He beckons the crew members on the decks forward.
speaker_heading: CHANNING
dialog: _With your permission, Captain.
dialog: 
text: Pruss nods graciously and the men move closer.
speaker_heading: . ue CHANNING
dialog: (to audience)
dialog: For the first time in public I'm
dialog: . going to playa number from my up-
dialog: — — coming show. Mr. Joe Spah has _
dialog: kindly agreed to take part in our
dialog: little entertainment.
dialog: (pointedly)
dialog: I hope you like it, Captain.
text: . As Spah comes from his seat, a ripple of excitement goes
dialog: : through the audience. , 4
scene_heading: 146 ANGLE ON CHANNING AND SPAH : . 146
text: Channing plays and now sings the lyrics in his pleasant non-
text: professional voice. The words purport to be in praise of
dialog: Nazis and their good works. But what Spah dances and panto-
text: mimes is a sendup of the Nazis. Produ ing. .props by sleight-of
text: -hand, he turns himself into Hitler, a dive-bombér, an Aryan
text: maiden, a goose-stepping Brown Shirt, etc., all performing
text: actions the opposite of what Channing's kindly words describe.
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: J
speaker_heading: cc
dialog: 147
dialog: 148
dialog: 149
dialog: 150
dialog: 151
dialog: 152
dialog: 153
dialog: 154
speaker_heading: #02075 ‘ 56
scene_heading: INTERCUTS ON AUDIENCE
text: At first there is confused silence, then an undercurrent
text: of whispering. After awhile a few people giggle nervously.
dialog: ‘
text: ANGLE ON THE COUNTESS
text: Seated beside the: Captain,. she has her hand to her mouth
text: trying desperately to suppress her laughter.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON DOUGLAS
text: He throws back his head and laughs outright. Others near him
dialog: now relax and laugh.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON KESSLER AND VOGEL
text: As Kessler's smile widens, Vogel's scowl deepens. Kessler
text: catches himself and glances off toward the crew members.
text: Many are displeased or bewildered.
scene_heading: KESSLER'S POINT OF VIEW - CREW ON PROMENADE ~ FAVORING
speaker_heading: BOERTH
text: Boerth is‘‘smiling. His eyes meet Kessler's.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP - KESSLER
text: He regards, Boerth with a slight lift of his brows.
dialog: 
scene_heading: ANGLE ON THE CAPTAIN'S PARTY - FAVORING COUNTESS
text: She gives way to her laughter, wiping her eyes. Several.
text: officers also Iaugh out of politeness. Pruss freezes them
text: with a look and stands. His officers rise with him. Pruss
text: steps to the piano and gently lowers the cover to stop
dialog: ; Channing's playing. . -
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON SPAH
text: halting in mid-act and looking back to see what's happened
text: to the music. When he absorbs the situation, he turns
text: himself into an SS motorcyclist complete with swastikas on
text: the tail. Propelled by his own engine noises, he zooms off.
dialog: 147
dialog: 148
dialog: 149
dialog: 150
dialog: 151
speaker_heading: 152—
dialog: 153
dialog: 154
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: cc
dialog: 155
dialog: 156
dialog: 157
dialog: 158
dialog: 159
dialog: 160
dialog: 161
dialog: and
dialog: 162
dialog: 163
speaker_heading: #02075 : 57
scene_heading: CLOSE ON PRUSS AND CHANNING . 155
speaker_heading: PRUSS
dialog: (with an edge)
dialog: Thank you so much, Mr. Channing.
dialog: Unfortunately your humor is not the
dialog: same as ours. Good night, sir.
scene_heading: FULL ON ROOM - FAVORING BESS 156
text: She comes to Channing, sticks a flower in his buttonhole,
text: kisses him. In the Captain's wake, the audience quickly exits.
scene_heading: ANGLE PAST KESSLER ‘AND VOGEL 157
text: As Channing leaves with his wife on his arm he bows. cordially
text: to. them. Kessler, smiling faintly, watches them go.
speaker_heading: VOGEL
dialog: You were amused.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: Relieved. There's nothing explosive
dialog: in words: and music.
scene_heading: INT. STERN VENTILATOR SHAFT - NIGHT - STRAIGHT DOWN SHOT 158
text: Muffled in shadow, a crewman climbs up the shaft. Only as
text: he nears camera can Boerth be recognized.
dialog: + s . .
scene_heading: REVERSE UP ANGLE 159
text: Boerth peers up the shaft to the top, inspecting it closely,
text: then turns and disappears down the tunnel-like catwalk.
text: ANGLE DOWN SHAFT TO LOWER CATWALK 160
text: A figure appears on the catwalk below. As he turns his face
text: upwards ‘to survey the length of the shaft,. the heavily
text: shadowed features are seén to be Kessler"s.
dialog: 161
speaker_heading: OMITTED : and
dialog: 162
scene_heading: MIDDLE CATWALK - HEAD ON SHOT 163
text: Boerth approaches on the catwalk. He stops, looks around
text: carefully, feels gas cells 2 and 3 for pressure. He pauses,
text: checks one bag again and comes to a decision.
dialog: y
dialog: 
speaker_heading: mt
dialog: 164
dialog: 165
dialog: 166
dialog: 167
dialog: 168
dialog: 169
dialog: 170
dialog: 171
dialog: 172
speaker_heading: #02075 58
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE : 164
text: Climbing along the ropes between gas cells 2 and 3, sometimes
text: half hidden among the folds which he examines, Boerth works
text: his way abeam to the framework where the starboard. horizontal
text: stabilizer joins the hull.
scene_heading: INT. BOTTOM OF LOWER FIN - NIGHT 165
text: A figure comes.down the stairs into the brooding, complexly
text: structured area at the lowest: point in the ship. Groping
text: a moment, Kessler hits a light switch.
scene_heading: - INT. NARROW SPACE BETWEEN GAS CELLS 2 AND 3 - NIGHT 166
text: The effect of the light here is like a sudden illumination of
text: a weird seascape on the ocean floor.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BOERTH | : 167
text: Startled, flecked with light, he steps back. His foot comes
text: down on a tension wire.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON WIRE . . 168
text: As Boerth's foot leaves it, the wire breaks, lashing back into
text: the horizontal stabilizer and cutting the fabric skin.
scene_heading: INT, LOWER FIN - CLOSE DOWN ANGLE ON KESSLER 169
text: He_hears something, looks up sharply, strains to one side.
scene_heading: KESSLER'S POINT OF VIEW - ALMOST STRAIGHT UP 170
text: He can dimly make out a figure scrambling from the ropes
text: onto the middle catwalk, then quickly disappearing forward.
dialog: «
dialog: *.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON KESSLER . a ‘ 171
text: Pan with him as he goes quickly up the stairs.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON MIDDLE CATWALK 172
text: As Boerth forces himself to a leisurely stop between cells
text: 3 and 4 and looks down the narrow space.
dialog: fw
dialog: 172-A
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 172-B
dialog: 172-c
speaker_heading: 172-D
dialog: 173
dialog: c a 173-A
dialog: 173-3
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: #02075 59
scene_heading: BOERTH'S POINT OF VIEW 172-A
text: From his restricted vantage’ point he sees Kessler approaching
text: the top of the stairs from the fin.
scene_heading: CLOSER ON BOERTH , 172-B
text: peering down, he recognizes the Colonel with a sardonic smile.
scene_heading: CLOSER ON. KESSLER 172-¢
text: mounting the stairs, trying to recognize the figure above him.
scene_heading: KESSLER'S POINT OF VIEW . 172-D
text: The figure starts to climb down toward him on the ropes.
scene_heading: EXT. HINDENBURG - NIGHT - CLOSE ON STARBOARD STABILIZER 173
text: The small tear in the fabric with the snapped wire protruding
text: widens slightly.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON LOWER CATWALK 173-A
text: as Boerth drops into frame and turns to face Kessler.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: . (a beat)
dialog: It's you, Boerth. What the devil
dialog: were you doing?
speaker_heading: BOERTH
dialog: Routine inspection, Colonel.
speaker_heading: KESSLER.
dialog: Inspecting what?
dialog: >
speaker_heading: BOERTH ‘ oe
dialog: I was checking gas valves, sir.
text: A rigger's duty.
scene_heading: TIGHT TWO SHOT . 173-B
text: Studying Boerth, Kessler nods to himself. Boerth meets his
text: long stare coolly. :
speaker_heading: BOERTH
dialog: (finally)
dialog: Anything I can help you with, sir?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: a
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: fw
dialog: 173-3
speaker_heading: 173-C
speaker_heading: 173-D
speaker_heading: 173-E
speaker_heading: 173-F
speaker_heading: #02075 60
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 173-1
text: Kessler regards Boerth thoughtfully. The only sound is the
text: drumming of the diesels.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: (probing) . .
dialog: I understand you were a Hitler
dialog: Youth troop leader.
speaker_heading: BOERTH
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: But you haven't been active for
dialog: the last two years.
speaker_heading: BOERTH
dialog: Only because of the Hindenburg, sir.
dialog: I helped build her at Friderichshafen,
dialog: then last year made all ten trips.
text: Kessler nods ironically.
speaker_heading: BOERTH
dialog: If that's all, sir, I'll carry on
dialog: with my duties. ~
text: Pan Boerth as he moves down the steps to the bottom of the
dialog: stern. ,
scene_heading: ANGLE ON KESSLER’ 173-¢
text: He starts to go, hesitates, turns.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: Boerth.
scene_heading: KESSLER'S POINT OF VIEW ON BOERTH ‘ 173-1
text: at the bottom of, the stairs. Boerth stops, looks back:
scene_heading: CLOSE ON KESSLER 173-1
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: (softly)
dialog: I wonder what you were really
dialog: doing, Boerth.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON BOERTH 173-4
text: deadpan.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: ” fw
speaker_heading: 173-F
speaker_heading: 173-G
dialog: 174
dialog: 175
dialog: 176
dialog: 
speaker_heading: #02075 61
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 173-5
speaker_heading: BOERTH
dialog: My duty, sir.
text: He flips off the light switch and becomes a dark shadow among
dialog: darker ones.
scene_heading: LOW ANGLE TOWARD KESSLER 173-¢
text: silhouetted at the top of the stairs. He turns abruptly and
text: moves away on the lower catwalk.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 174
scene_heading: EXT. A HOUSE ON A SUBURBAN AMERICAN STREET - DAY 175
text: Two men ring the doorbell and wait, hats in hand.
scene_heading: A title: MILWAUKEE, WEDNESDAY, MAY 4, 6:45 A.M.
text: Kathie Rauch in a bathrobe opens the door. Three cats scurry
dialog: out. The men show credentials. :
speaker_heading: FIRST AGENT
dialog: We're from the FBI, Mrs. Rauch.
dialog: We'd like to talk to you.
speaker_heading: KATHIE -
dialog: G-men? Oh, lordy, lordy. You're
dialog: sure you have the right party?
speaker_heading: SECOND AGENT
dialog: (pushing in)
dialog: Yes ma'am.
scene_heading: INT. RAUCH LIVING ROOM ~ DAY 176
text: Kathie, a cat on her lap, sits’ in a rocker. The two agents
dialog: stand on either side. | . :
speaker_heading: _ FIRST AGENT
dialog: (showing letter)
dialog: Then you confirm that this is your
dialog: letter in your own handwriting to
dialog: the German Ambassador?
speaker_heading: KATHIE
dialog: I certainly do. And everything in ~
dialog: it will happen just like I say.
dialog: Tomorrow the Zeppelin will fly
dialog: ever New York City and blow up. I
dialog: know it for a fact.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: fw #02075 62
scene_heading: 77 \ 176 CONTINUED 176
speaker_heading: SECOND AGENT
dialog: How do you know it, Mrs. Rauch?
speaker_heading: KATHIE
dialog: Because two weeks ago I saw it in
dialog: a vision clear as crystal. I'm
dialog: clairvoyant and I'm never wrong.
dialog: Just ask any of the neighbors.
dialog: (agents react)
dialog: . I also predict Bette Davis will
dialog: play the part of Scarlett O'Hara
dialog: in the movie, and the Duke of
dialog: Windsor will never marry Mrs.
dialog: Simpson....
scene_heading: 177 EXT. THE HINDENBURG - DAY - LONG SHOT - MINIATURE 177
text: Scudding clouds...the ocean below rough and spuming.
scene_heading: 178 CLOSEUP OF TEAR IN OUTER SKIN OF STABILIZER - DAY 178
speaker_heading: YQ
text: The stiff wind whips the inch-long tag of linen.
scene_heading: 179 INT. RADIO ROOM - DAY 179
text: With Kessler at his shoulder, Speck finishes taking down a
text: messagé coming from the wireless in dots-and-dashes, and
text: swings toward the typewriter...
speaker_heading: KESSLER —
dialog: Just read it from the shorthand.
speaker_heading: SPECK
dialog: "Checking information that former
dialog: lover of Freda Halle was killed
dialog: . fighting for leftists in Spain --
dialog: > * signed, Hufschmidt.' >
text: Kessler lifts the paper from Speck and tears it.up.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: Send this to Hufschmidt.
dialog: (dictating)
text: Interrogate Freda Halle about bomb.
dialog: Have several suspects but no evidence
dialog: -- signed, Kessler.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 180 EXT. THE HINDENBURG - DAY - CLOSE ON STABILIZER 180
text: The tear, whipped by the strong wind, widens a fraction.
speaker_heading: “lt
dialog: oy 181
dialog: 182
dialog: 183
dialog: 184
dialog: 185
speaker_heading: C
dialog: 186
dialog: 187
dialog: 
speaker_heading: #02075 63
scene_heading: INT. "A" DECK PROMENADE - DAY 181
text: At a window the businessman peers through binoculars.
scene_heading: BINOCULAR SHOT ~ DISTANT ICEBERGS 182
speaker_heading: BUSINESSMAN'S VOICE
dialog: Brrr...Icebergs....
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON VOGEL 183
text: lowering his camera as people hurry to the windows.
speaker_heading: VOGEL
text: Too far away to photograph.
text: Near him Irene poses. He winks and snaps her picture.
speaker_heading: OMITTED . _ 184
scene_heading: EXT. THE HINDENBURG - DAY - CLOSE ON STABILIZER 185
text: Lashed by the wind, the tear extends another few inches.
scene_heading: INT. THE LOUNGE ~- DAY - ANGLE ON THE COUNTESS 186
text: At, the piano, she plays a Chopin waltz with deep feeling. |
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: (dipping in)
dialog: You play beautifully but I wish
dialog: you. were playing cards.
speaker_heading: : COUNTESS
dialog: Three this afternoon.
text: ‘She closes her eyes and lets the music flow through her.
text: Kessler stands quietly watching her.
dialog: 2 . > >
scene_heading: INT. LOWER FIN - DAY “487
text: Boerth and Flakus play with the dog, Heidi.
speaker_heading: . FLAKUS
dialog: You wouldn't say anything about
dialog: me taking her down here, would you?
speaker_heading: BOERTH
dialog: Hell, I've been doing it since we
dialog: left.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
scene_heading: -lf - #02075 64
scene_heading: >, 187 CONTINUED . : 187
speaker_heading: J FLAKUS
dialog: ~ (grinning)
dialog: What do you call this kind of dog?
speaker_heading: BOERTH
dialog: She's a-Dalmatian.. They used to
dialog: follow behind. carriages, didn't
dialog: you girl? They need a lot of
dialog: exercise.
text: From o.s. there's a ripping noise and a staccato sound like
text: violently flapping sails. The dog bolts. Flakus dashes
text: after her shouting.
scene_heading: 188 ANGLE ON BOERTH 188
text: Reacting to the noise, he hurriedly starts to ascend the
text: framework of the fin toward the sound. He stops dead,
text: staring up.
scene_heading: 189 BOERTH'S POINT OF VIEW - NARROW SPACE BETWEEN CELLS 2 AND 3 189
text: 4 He sees a play of light and shadow as though in conjunction
text: co with the heavy tattoo beating on the stern of the ship.
scene_heading: 190 ANGLE ON BOERTH . 190
text: He scrambles higher in the fin for a better look:
scene_heading: 190-A CLOSE SHOT - A GREAT GASH IN THE SKIN OF THE STABILIZER 190-2
text: seen through the framework where stabilizer joins hull.
scene_heading: 190-B ANGLE ON BOERTH . : 190-1
text: . scrambling instantly over to the nearest phone station on the
text: middie catwalk, snatching up the receiver. . .
scene_heading: 191 EXT. THE HINDENBURG - DAY - FAVORING STABILIZER 191
text: Shreds from the open wound flap in the gale-force wind.
scene_heading: 192 INT. CONTROL GONDOLA - DAY 192
dialog: 
text: The wheel jerks in Helmsman Frenkel's grip. Instantly a
text: second man joins his mate to hold it steady. Watch Officer
text: Dimmler spins from the phone to the Captain.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
speaker_heading: “lt
dialog: 192
dialog: 193
dialog: 194
dialog: 194-A
dialog: 195
speaker_heading: #02075 65
scene_heading: CONTINUED . 192
speaker_heading: DIMMLER
text: Skin on starboard stabilizer ripped
dialog: loose, sir.
speaker_heading: PRUSS
dialog: +» (instantly)
dialog: Nose-up one degree, engines three
dialog: and four idle, forward engines a
dialog: quarter speed.
dialog: {to Lehmann)
dialog: You handle the: repairs, Lehmann.
dialog: I'11 stay on the bridge.
text: Lehmann hurries out as Engineer Sauter rings the order on
dialog: the engine telegraph.
scene_heading: INT. HULL - LOWER CATWALK - ANGLE ON FLAKUS 193
text: wildly chasing the dog. Playing a game, Heidi doubles back,
text: dodges to get past Flakus, and falls.
scene_heading: INT. UPPER FIN - DAY . 194
text: Held by ropes, Riggers Knorr'and Boerth start up the girders
text: to a hatch. The heavy flapping sound of the shreds flogging
text: the ship continues. Felber and Ludecke, the anchormen for
text: the rope, ascend behind the riggers and stop below the hatch, ©
text: _ lashing themselves to girders. Third Rigger Neuhaus arrives
text: with a ‘new section of fabric.
scene_heading: LONG. DOWN. SHOT TO BOTTOM OF_STERN _.. : 194-
text: With Kessler beside him, Lehmann is on the phone at the emer-
text: gency steering station here. His voice is lost in the pound-
text: ing noise and whistling rush of air through the ripped skin.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL GONDOLA, - DAY . 195"
text: Grunting and sweating, the elevatorman and ‘helmsmian whip their
text: wheels one way, then-the-other to keep the ship stable. Pruss
text: hangs up the phone, turns to Sauter.
speaker_heading: - PRUSS
text: Forward engines a quarter ahead,
text: aft engines idle.
text: Sauter relays the order on the engine telegraph.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: lf
dialog: 195
dialog: 196
dialog: 197
dialog: 198
dialog: 199
speaker_heading: #02075 66
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 195
speaker_heading: DIMMLER
dialog: (at altimeter)
dialog: Captain, we're losing altitude.
dialog: «
speaker_heading: PRUSS
text: Cold air hitting the gas bags. .
dialog: The-hydrogen loses lift.
speaker_heading: - SAUTER
dialog: More- power, sir?
speaker_heading: : PRUSS
dialog: No. The riggers would be swept
dialog: overboard. by: the wind. What's the
dialog: altitude now?
speaker_heading: DIMMLER
dialog: 906 feet, sir.
speaker_heading: PRUSS
dialog: Rate of descent?
speaker_heading: DIMMLER
text: Thirty feet a minute.
speaker_heading: PRUSS
dialog: “That gives. them about twenty-five
dialog: minutes.
scene_heading: EXT. HATCH IN UPPER FIN - DAY : . 2196
text: In the open- hateh,:Boerth drops ’a ‘rope ladder ‘to the stabi-
text: lizer below. Caught:in the wind, the ladder angles aftwards.
scene_heading: INT. UPPER FIN - DAY 197
text: Boerth checks to make sure the upper end of the ladder, tied
text: down by Knorr beside him, is securely fastened to ‘the hatch
dialog: framework. , 2 .
scene_heading: EXT. HATCH AND LADDER - DAY . 198
text: As the ladder straightens a moment, Boerth emerges and starts
text: down it. With no one to anchor the bottom of the ladder, it
text: sways back dangerously during Boerth's descent.
scene_heading: EXT. STABILIZER - DAY 199
text: With his weight Boerth steadies the ladder as Knorr descends.
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 199-B
dialog: 200
dialog: 200-A
dialog: 201
dialog: 202
speaker_heading: #02075 67
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE. ON STABILIZER . 199-A
text: Moving along a beam beneath the skin, hitched together by ‘the
text: safety rope, they crawl forward to. the tear. A flailing shred .
text: snaps Knorr viciously across the eyes. He grunts. Momentarily
text: blinded, he starts to slide off, pulling Boerth with him.
scene_heading: INT. UPPER FIN - ANGLE ON LUDECKE AND FELBER 199-B
text: They brace themselves and haul in on the safety rope.
scene_heading: EXT. STABILIZER - DAY 200
text: Boerth and Knorr, held by the rope, work their way back.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL GONDOLA ~ DAY 200-A
speaker_heading: DIMMLER
text: Altitude eight hundred feet.
text: Pruss, strolling, nods and stops.
speaker_heading: PRUSS
dialog: Can't risk going below three hundred.
scene_heading: EXT. STABILIZER - DAY - SHOOTING FORWARD PAST RIGGERS - MATTE 201
text: The length of the giant Zeppelin stretches beyond them. On
text: their hands and knees, buffeted by the wind, they cut away
text: the wildly flapping shreds with their riggers' knives.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL GONDOLA = DAY 202
speaker_heading: DIMMLER
dialog: (droning)
dialog: * Altitude seven hundred feet, now
text: losing forty-five feet a minute.
speaker_heading: PRUSS >
dialog: Age engines to half.
text: Sauter hesitates. Pruss looks at him.
speaker_heading: PRUSS
dialog: A little more breeze won't blow
dialog: them away, Sauter. We'll gain some
text: lift -- and a couple of minutes.
dialog: (briskly)
text: Aft engines half speed.
text: Sauter jumps to relay the order on the engine telegraph.
dialog: (T™
dialog: Cy
dialog: 
dialog: \
dialog: la
dialog: 203
dialog: 204
dialog: 205
dialog: 206
dialog: . 207
dialog: 208
speaker_heading: #02075 68
scene_heading: EXT. STABILIZER - DAY - ANGLE FROM NOSE TOWARD TAIL - MATTE 203
text: along the great length of the ship. The loose shreds have
text: been cut away, the exposed ends of the skin sewn tight.
text: Appearing no bigger than flies, the riggers crawl to the
text: ladder and, standing, grip it to steady themselves.
scene_heading: ANGLE TOWARD HATCH . 204
text: The riggers receive the bundle of new fabric lowered on a rope.
text: They start to unfasten the bundle. Lehmann's head pops from
dialog: the hatch.
speaker_heading: LEHMANN
dialog: (through megaphone)
dialog: You've only got about fifteen
dialog: minutes.
text: From o.s. comes the sound of the aft engines accelerating,
text: providing more thrust into the wind. The section of fabric
text: billows in the riggers' hands, almost tearing free.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE 205
text: They fight. the flapping fabric onto the exposed stabilizer ribs
text: and lie on top of the fabric to keep it in place.
speaker_heading: KNORR
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Eric, you sew, you're the fastest.
text: Boerth gets to his knees. Knorr remains prone on the fabric.
text: Boerth goes to work with his heavy sailmaker's needle and
text: palm. Hampered by the rope, he cuts.himself free from Knorr.
text: Knorr, still tied to the safety rope, shakes his head grimly. -
scene_heading: INT. "A" DECK PROMENADE - DAY 206
text: Passengers at the windows enthusiastically take photos.
dialog: * a . «
scene_heading: HEIR POINT OF VIEW - THE- ICEBERGS . 207
text: off the port side.
speaker_heading: VOICES OVER
dialog: Gorgeous...
dialog: This is worth the whole trip...
dialog: What exposure are you using, Mr.
dialog: . Shimura?
scene_heading: ANGLE ON PROMENADE 208
text: The Breslau boys play hopscotch. The sweet-faced old lady
text: with a Brownie camera turns graciously to Kirsch.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
speaker_heading: aN 208
dialog: > 209
dialog: 210
dialog: 211
dialog: 
dialog: 212
dialog: 213
dialog: 214
dialog: 
speaker_heading: #02075 69
speaker_heading: CONTINUED . 208
scene_heading: SWEET-FACED OLD LADY
dialog: It's all right to tell the Captain
dialog: he can go on now, Kirsch. We have
dialog: all the pictures we want.
speaker_heading: OMITTED , 209
scene_heading: EXT. HINDENBURG - DAY - MATTE 210
text: At five hundred feet, hovering into the wind, she sinks
text: gradually toward the icebergs and the white-capped sea.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE - STARBOARD STABLIZIER 211
text: Most of the new skin has been fastened into place. The two
text: riggers sew frantically, working their way down the tear.
speaker_heading: KNORR
dialog: (one eye closed)
dialog: Go back before you swim back, Eric.
dialog: We'll finish. . ’
speaker_heading: BOERTH
dialog: You go back, take care of your eye.
scene_heading: INT. HULL --AT FRAMEWORK WHERE STABLIZER JOINS HULL 212
text: Lehmann looks through the framework at the tear where outside
text: ‘on the gtabliizer the riggers work. Kessler is crouched be-
text: side him examining something. The play of light and shadow
dialog: indicates the progress of the workers 0.s. above as well as
text: the unfastened end of new skin beating loudly in the wind.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON KESSLER 213
text: still crouched and examining what he holds in his hand -- the
text: fragment of snapped tension wire attached to the turnbuckle.
text: Thoughtful, troubled, he rises, looking o.s.* toward the tear.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL GONDOLA - DAY - CLOSE ON ALTIMETER 214
text: at four hundred feet. Pull back to Pruss beside it.
speaker_heading: PRUSS
dialog: Stand by, Sauter. When we're down
dialog: to 300, I want aft engines to full
dialog: speed.
dialog: (picking up phone)
dialog: Get the riggers inside.
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: cc
dialog: 215
dialog: 216
dialog: and
dialog: 217
dialog: 218
dialog: 219
dialog: 220,
dialog: and
dialog: 221
dialog: 222
speaker_heading: #02075 70
scene_heading: EXT. THE STABILIZER - DAY - SHOOTING TOWARD HATCH
text: The riggers have reached the end of the gash. Only the base
text: end remains to be sewn down.
speaker_heading: LEHMANN'S VOICE
dialog: (through megaphone)
dialog: Knorr.... .
text: He looks up quickly.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
text: CLOSE ON LEHMANN IN HATCH OPENING
text: He gestures the men back, points o.s., and pantomimes to
text: indicate the propellers are going to speed up.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON RIGGERS
text: Knorr starts for the ladder Boerth continues to sew des-
text: perately. Knorr grabs his arm.
speaker_heading: BOERTH
dialog: {shaking him off)
dialog: It's not closed.
text: Knorr looks desperately from Boerth to the rope ladder
text: *slapping and swaying beneath the hatch. Lehmann tugs
text: urgently on the safety rope to which Knorr alone is tied.
speaker_heading: KNORR
dialog: ie! (yelling)
dialog: Eric:
text: Boerth hesitates, then crawls off with Knorr to the ladder.
text: Boerth anchors it and Knorr starts up.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL GONDOLA - DAY
text: Dimmler turns from the phone to Pruss at the altimeter.
speaker_heading: DIMMLER
text: One rigger still outside, Captain.
dialog: Boerth.
text: Pruss gives no sign of having heard.
dialog: 215
dialog: 216
dialog: and
dialog: 217
dialog: 218
dialog: 219
speaker_heading: 220
dialog: and
dialog: 221
dialog: 222
dialog: <4"
dialog: 
speaker_heading: cc
speaker_heading: 223
dialog: 224
dialog: 225
dialog: 226
dialog: 227
dialog: 228
dialog: 229
speaker_heading: #02075 71
scene_heading: CLOSE ON ALTIMETER : "223
text: The needle wavers a fraction above 300 feet.
speaker_heading: DIMMLER'S VOICE
dialog: Captain...Boerth is still ---
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP - PRUSS , 224
text: eyes. on the altimeter.
speaker_heading: PRUSS
dialog: (curtly)
dialog: I heard you, Dimmler.
scene_heading: EXT, STABILIZER - DAY 225
text: Boerth has returned to the tear and is sewing down the base
text: end, His hands move quicker than the eye.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON BOERTH “226
text: He completes his last stitches, cuts the line, ties it off,
text: and turns to crawl to the swaying ladder.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL GONDOLA - DAY 227
text: Eyes riveted on Pruss, the-:men wait tensely. Pruss looks up
dialog: from the altimeter and pauses. :
speaker_heading: PRUSS
text: Aft engines full ahead, nose up.
scene_heading: EXT. STABILIZER - DAY 228
text: In a half-crouch Boerth reaches the ladder and struggles part
text: way up. Then with a roar from the engines o.s. the ship plows
text: into. the wind.. As the surge of air hits Boerth, he is blown
text: backwards on the ladder. The’ship tilts up.. Boerth can,only
dialog: hang on for his life, and that barely.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON HATCH : 229
text: Straining out the hatch, Knorr and Neuhaus, held by men below
text: them, haul up on the ladder until Boerth is close enough to
text: grab and pull inside.
dialog: aan
dialog: 7
dialog: 
speaker_heading: cc
dialog: 230
speaker_heading: 231
dialog: 232
dialog: 233
dialog: #02075 © , 72°
scene_heading: INT. BOTTOM OF THE STERN - DAY
text: In contrast to the glaring light topside it is dark- and
text: cave-like. Alone and unobserved, Flakus climbs laboriously
text: up from the ship's bottom, the squirming dog under his arm.
scene_heading: EXT. HINDENBURG - DAY - MINIATURE
text: With engines at full speed the ship drives forward and up.
scene_heading: EXT. THE ZEPPELIN COMPANY - DAY
scene_heading: A title: FRANKFURT 4:05 P.M.
text: A black Mercedes pulls up to the clearly marked no-parking
text: zone in front of the building. A policeman points to the
text: red curb and gestures the car to move on. :
scene_heading: INT. TICKET OFFICE OF THE ZEPPELIN COMPANY - DAY
text: A clerk guides Freda Halle to a large wall map of the
text: Hindenburg's route. “A swastika pin ‘flag marks’ ‘the:ship's
dialog: progress.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: ‘She's about 7 hours late, but I
dialog: assure you, Madam, there's no need
dialog: to worry. :
dialog: a (pointing) . '
dialog: ‘She's right here, 100 miles off.
dialog: the coast of Newfoundland.
speaker_heading: _ FREDA
dialog: Then they won't be landing until
dialog: tomorrow afternoon.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: (ushering her out)
dialog: Come back in the morning. We'll
dialog: know better then. >
dialog: me
text: He opens the door.
speaker_heading: FREDA
dialog: Thank you so much.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: (bowing, smiling)
dialog: A pleasure.
text: As she leaves his smile fades. He nods to the street.
dialog: 230
speaker_heading: 231
dialog: 232
dialog: 233
dialog: 
speaker_heading: cc
dialog: 234
dialog: 235
dialog: 236
dialog: 237
dialog: 
dialog: 238
speaker_heading: #02075 73
scene_heading: EXT. ZEPPELIN COMPANY - DAY 234
text: Freda emerges. Two men instantly converge on her and whisk
text: her into the Mercedes at the curb. The car pulls out emitting
text: the doleful wails of the Gestapo siren. People in the street,
text: including the policeman, look the other way.
scene_heading: INSERT - A RADIOGRAM ‘ : 235
text: SHARKS ON THIRD AND RUNNING STOP SQUEEZE IS ON signed HAWKS.
text: Sound: a knock on the door.
speaker_heading: KESSLER'S VOICE
dialog: Come in.
scene_heading: EXT. RADIO ROOM - DAY - SHOOTING PAST KIRSCH 236
text: as he opens the door and: enters. Speck, tuning in an
text: R. Strauss- opera, is-behind.Kessler-who seals a message in an
text: envelope. Kirsch closes the door, blo¢king camera.
scene_heading: INT. READING AND WRITING ROOM - DAY 237
text: Ed Douglas tries to read. His leg jiggles nervously. Kirsch
text: ‘enters with Kessler behind him. Kessler peruses a wall dis-
text: play of Zeppelin stamps. for sale. Kirsch gives Douglas his
text: radiogram. Douglas absorbs the message, then moves to a
text: desk, takes an RCA form, and starts to write a reply.
speaker_heading: KIRSCH
dialog: I'll wait and take it to the radio
dialog: room for you, Mr. Douglas.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: (writing)
dialog: No thanks. I'll do it myself.
speaker_heading: KIRSCH
dialog: But sir, passengers aren't allowed ---
dialog: “ potctas °
dialog: (tipping him)
dialog: I know. Here's my special pass.
scene_heading: INT. FOYER - DAY - CLOSE ON BULLETIN BOARD NOTICE 238
text: in German and English: NEW TIME OF ARRIVAL LAKEHURST -
scene_heading: 3:05 P.M., MAY 6.
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: mt #02075 , 74
scene_heading: 239 ANGLE ON DOUGLAS 239
dialog: 
text: stopping to read the notice. Upset, he changes something on
text: his RCA form. From behind, Kessler takes Douglas by the arm.
text: Douglas starts.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: I'd like to see you, Mr. Douglas.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: How about a drink later?
text: Kessler tightens his grip and steers him down the passageway.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: Now.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: The hell you say.
text: Kessler pulls the message from his hand, opens Douglas' cabin
text: door, and pushes him inside.
scene_heading: 240 INT. DOUGLAS' CABIN - DAY - CLOSE ON MESSAGE: 240.
dialog: al The unsent message is not in code: HAVE FAST CAR MEET ME
text: fe , LAKEHURST 3, PM RUNNING LATE TIMING CLOSE signed HAWKS.
scene_heading: 241 ANGLE ON KESSLER AND DOUGLAS: , 241
speaker_heading: KESSLER °
dialog: (looking up)
dialog: You'd better tell me about this,
dialog: Mr. Douglas. .
dialog: (reaching in 2)
dialog: pocket)
dialog: And while you're at it also explain
dialog: these in code.
dialog: 
text: . . . DOUGLAS .
dialog: . .I don't have to explain a damn ~ , .!
dialog: ? thing to you. Get out. :
dialog: 
text: Kesslier's answer. is to lock the door. Douglas glances un-
text: easily at his watch.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: Set it back to Frankfurt time,
dialog: Douglas. That's where a fast
dialog: ) police car will.be meeting you in---
dialog: (glancing at
dialog: Ne watch)
dialog: roughly ninety-four hours -- barring
dialog: 
dialog: accidents, of course.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED i
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: |
speaker_heading: mt
dialog: 241
dialog: 242
dialog: 243
speaker_heading: #02075
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: Measuring
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK CITY - DAY - AN OLD MUNICIPAL BUILDING
dialog: A title:
text: him, Douglas decides on another approach.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: Okay, I'll tell you, Kessler -- but
dialog: you gotta let me send that message,
dialog: It may mean the difference.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: To what?
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: To pulling off the biggest deal of
dialog: my life. Right now I'm in a race
dialog: to beat. my competitor into New York.
speaker_heading: . KESSLER
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: Fred Seemans, head of Seemans &
text: Poelzig. He's on the Queen. Mary.
dialog: He left a day and a half before
dialog: us. In the messages we call his
dialog: outfit the Sharks, mine the Hawks.
speaker_heading: _ KESSLER
dialog: (half-smiling)
dialog: By sea and by air and both carni-
dialog: vorous.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: You get the drift. Tomorrow it'11
dialog: be announced that GMC has acquired.
dialog: ‘the Opel Motor Company. The adver-
dialog: tising account will be up for grabs.
dialog: The outfit getting. there first will
dialog: have the jump. That's. the honest-
dialog: to-God truth. Now maybe you'll tell
dialog: me what you're so jumpy about, Kessler.
speaker_heading: KESSLER ~
dialog: To find out if there is. a Fred Seemans |
dialog: aboard the°*Queen Mary.
scene_heading: NEW YORK CITY POLICE HEADQUARTERS, 4:15 P.M.
scene_heading: INT. A SMALL PANELLED OFFICE - DAY
text: A uniformed Police Captain working at his desk calls out in
dialog: response to a knock:
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 241
dialog: 242
dialog: 243
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: #02075 76
dialog: ;
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 243
speaker_heading: : CAPTAIN :
dialog: : Yeah.
speaker_heading: 1
text: As 'the door opens the inscription on it can be read: _ "Captain
dialog: B.F. Farley, Special Intelligence." A slim, serious Plain-
text: clothesman hustles in.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Three hours. Where you been, Baker?
dialog: All you had to do was phone the
dialog: steamship line.
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: (opening note-
dialog: book)
dialog: That was the easy part, Captain.
dialog: (reading).
dialog: The individual Frederick Seemans
dialog: is on board the Queen Mary occupy-
dialog: ing Suite 312 First Class C Deck.
dialog: (looking up)
dialog: It's the other that took the time.
dialog: (reading)
dialog: Operation K, Passage, Raid.
dialog: Mr. Chandu. You know who they are?
speaker_heading: . CAPTAIN
dialog: “You're going to tell me any day now,
dialog: aren't you, Baker?
speaker_heading: BAKER :
dialog: * Horses.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN ;
dialog: What? cee cones
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: It. had me. stumped so I contacted
dialog: the FBI. Was my. face red. Those
dialog: are all names of race horses. Now
dialog: why would a German on a Zeppelin
dialog: ask. us about the ponies? . fo
text: . CAPTAIN.
dialog: You got me. Maybe he's heard New
dialog: York cops make book. Maybe he thinks
dialog: he'll sneak over to Monmouth and win
text: a bundle.
speaker_heading: BAKER.
dialog: Yeah, it's near Lakehurst.
dialog: (consulting
dialog: notes)
dialog: Two of the nags are running there '
dialog: tomorrow -- Operation K and Mr. Chandu.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
speaker_heading: mt
dialog: 243
dialog: wo .
dialog: NL ?
dialog: 244
dialog: 245
speaker_heading: SN
speaker_heading: #02075 77
scene_heading: CONTINUED - 2 : 243
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN .
dialog: Well, send him the odds. That's
dialog: what the guy probably wants.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON ANOTHER DOOR 244
text: The frosted glass is marked: "ALIEN SQUAD, Lt. A. Lombardi."
text: Behind the glass, the shadow of a man can be seen and his voice
text: faintly heard.
scene_heading: INT. ALIEN SQUAD ROOM - DAY . 245
text: Lt. Lombardi stands in front of a blackboard marked with assign-
text: ments to steamships, among them the Queen Mary. Lombardi
text: addresses two men: Detective Moore, a Spare six-footer, and ~
text: his bullet-headed partner, Grunberger.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LOMBARDI
dialog: You boys are going out to beautiful
dialog: Jersey by special request of the
dialog: - State Department. This time they
dialog: got a Luftwaffe colonel aboard,
dialog: name of Kessler. Big wheel in
dialog: Intelligence.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MOORE
text: Coming to land a coupla espionage .
dialog: > agents, maybe. .
speaker_heading: LOMBARDI
dialog: Don' you experts let any damn Nazis
dialog: slip into the country.
speaker_heading: . GRUNBERGER
dialog: The blimp better not get too low
text: over them Jersey woods. Full of
dialog: moonshiners. They'll shoot at any.’
text: big-ass bird flying over their stills.
speaker_heading: LOMBARDI.
dialog: - The T-men are also sending up a
dialog: special customs squad from Phila-
dialog: delphia. Byrnes Duncan will be
dialog: with them.
speaker_heading: MOORE
dialog: Duncan's from the Bureau of
dialog: Explosives.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
speaker_heading: mt
dialog: 245
dialog: 246
dialog: 247
dialog: -~
dialog: ad
dialog: 248
dialog: #02075 , 78
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 245
speaker_heading: . GRUNBERGER
dialog: Thanks a lot. Now we get the
dialog: picture.
scene_heading: EXT. THE HINDENBURG - NIGHT - MINIATURE 246
text: showing red port and green starboard lights, a white light
text: on the stern and a luminous glow in the control gondola. The
text: lights on. the promenade wink out.
speaker_heading: MONTAGE 247
speaker_heading: A) RADIO ROOM
text: Kessler waiting.
speaker_heading: B) SMOKING ROOM
text: Napier; Pajetta, the Countess, Osborne, and the Japanese
text: diplomat in a poker game..
scene_heading: C) CLOSEUP..OF THE BOMB
text: in the same hand as before. The saboteur's eye lowers to
text: an inch of it, inspecting the infernally compact mechanism.
scene_heading: INT. CAPTAIN LEHMANN'S' CABIN - NIGHT - 248
text: As Kessler-enters, Lehmann looks up from a set of blueprints.
text: A coffee pot and two demitasses are on the table.
speaker_heading: “LEHMANN
dialog: —I thought you might find :some time
dialog: to relax now that the famous Rauch
text: letter turns. out to be froma crank.
dialog: (pouring: coffee as
text: Kessler sits).
dialog: The Gestapo often exaggerates their
dialog: information.
dialog: a =
text: A moment” -- ther Kessler lifts the ‘blueprints.
speaker_heading: " KESSLER
dialog: You building this? .
speaker_heading: LEHMANN
dialog: Yes. My own design for a house
text: in Zeppelinheim, a new village
dialog: near the airfield. We're hoping -
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: #02075 79
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 248
speaker_heading: LEHMANN (Cont'd)
dialog: a lot of our airship families will
dialog: settle there.
text: ‘A knock...Lessing enters with a radiogram.
speaker_heading: LESSING
dialog: For you, Colonel.
text: He delivers it and leaves. Kessler opens the envelope.
text: His face tightens as he reads the message.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
text: From the Gestapo. Boerth's woman
dialog: has been arrested. She's confessed
dialog: her ex-lover was killed fighting
dialog: with the leftists in Spain.
speaker_heading: LEHMANN
dialog: In the hands of the Gestapo anyone
dialog: can be forced to confess anything.
speaker_heading: | KESSLER
text: And in bed with his mistress, Boerth
text: could have been talked into a plot.
speaker_heading: LEHMANN
dialog: “What plot, Colonel? A crank
dialog: letter has been made into a
dialog: ‘matter of State. The purpose
dialog: of exaggerating the bomb scare
dialog: was to get helium. I went along’
dialog: with that. a .
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: There are other sources of in-
dialog: formation.
speaker_heading: LEHMANN
dialog: Perhaps no more valid than the
dialog: letter.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: I'm no believer in the occult,
dialog: like our Mrs. Rauch, but I
dialog: tell you, Captain, I have an
dialog: uneasy sense of disaster. It's
text: almost as though a bomb were
dialog: ticking inside me.
speaker_heading: LEHMANN
dialog: It's a constant feeling with some
dialog: people in Germany these days.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: #02075 80
speaker_heading: CONTINUED - 2 248
speaker_heading: . LEHMANN (Cont'd)
dialog: A decent man like you, Colonel, with
dialog: a wife -- probably raising a family
dialog: -- have you never had this feeling
dialog: ‘before? .
text: The wall of Kessler's impenetrability cracks. Beneath his
text: surface calm can now be glimpsed a man of iron will forced
dialog: to live between the opposites of his personal creed and the
text: State Philosophy. lLehmann's question draws a bitter response.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: Raising a family. My only son was
dialog: killed three months ago working for
dialog: the 'New Order.' And believe me
dialog: I'm not much better...working with
dialog: the Gestapo...while their spy lies
text: in the bed above me.
text: Lehmann grimaces and shakes his head.
speaker_heading: LEHMANN
dialog: What's happening to people like us?
dialog: I've given my life to Zeppelins.
dialog: For the sake of our company I even
dialog: dropped political pamphlets last
dialog: _year, from this ship. Where does
dialog: it stop?
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: (shaking head)
dialog: I've been in the Air Force since
dialog: the World War. When the Versailles
dialog: Treaty abolished it, I worked with
dialog: Goering. and the others to. build a
dialog: secret one.
speaker_heading: LEHMANN
dialog: I remember those days. You people
dialog: trained in gliders.
text: . KESSLER .
dialog: Yes, all over Germany. Most of the . a
dialog: time at night. I was proud when
dialog: Hitler brought the new Luftwaffe
dialog: into the open. But I wasn't proud
dialog: last week after Guernica -~
dialog: (derisively)
dialog: -- a little Basque village, a few
dialog: hundred peasants; three thousand
text: bombs dropped on them. The town
dialog: was wiped out the first ten minutes
dialog: -- but we kept it up three hours --
dialog: just for the practice.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: sk
dialog: 248
dialog: 249
dialog: 81
speaker_heading: CONTINUED - 3 248
speaker_heading: LEHMANN
dialog: You were there?
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: Chief of Intelligence.
speaker_heading: LEHMANN .
dialog: That's how one wins the Knight's.
dialog: Cross in peacetime. -
speaker_heading: KESSLER -
dialog: Peacetime.... .
speaker_heading: LEHMANN.
dialog: (breaking the moment)
dialog: Well, now we have two herdes aboard.
dialog: Boerth did valiant service to the
text: Hindenburg today. He doesn't seem
text: Tike the man to destroy the ship.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: He does to me. He's just the man
dialog: I'd choose for a dangerous mission.
dialog: Bold, tough, cool.
speaker_heading: LEHMANN
dialog: (slight smile)
dialog: You have those qualities in common
dialog: with him. You're both good men.
speaker_heading: KESSLER *
dialog: ’ Z must get to know him better.
dialog: (handing Lehmann
dialog: radiogram)
dialog: Please“show this to Pruss.
dialog: (standing)
dialog: And thanks for the coffee. Good
dialog: night, Captain.
dialog: (pauses)
dialog: I hope you get your house built.
dialog: . “ : .
dialog: . . - .
scene_heading: INT. HULL ~ NIGHT - NOSE CONE . 249°
text: Dark, silent...Boerth checks mooring lines. Kessler ascends
text: the stairs and joins Boerth on the narrow shelf in the nose
text: Boerth regards him quizzically.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
text: Freda Halle has been arrested.
text: Boerth stiffens, but instantly recovers his easy manner.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
speaker_heading: sk #02075
speaker_heading: 249 CONTINUED
dialog: 82
speaker_heading: BOERTH
dialog: Traffic violation?
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: No. . By the Gestapo.
speaker_heading: BOERTH
dialog: (contemptuously)
dialog: Because she works for foreigners?
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: Because I think she works with you.
speaker_heading: BOERTH
dialog: She lives with me.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: She's admitted your predecessor was
dialog: killed fighting for the leftists in
dialog: Spain.
speaker_heading: BOERTH
dialog: So?
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: If she knows about the bomb, they'll
dialog: make her confess that too.
speaker_heading: BOERTH
dialog: What bomb?
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: Where is it, Boerth? They'll be
dialog: working on Freda until you tell me.
speaker_heading: BOERTH
dialog: You filth.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: No worse than the filth who wants
dialog: to blow up 97 people. But you
dialog: won't have the chance. I'm locking
dialog: you up. : ,
dialog: (gripping his arm)
dialog: You're under arrest.
speaker_heading: BOERTH
dialog: (deadly quiet)
dialog: Kessler, get your hands off.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: Let's go.
dialog: (jerks his arm)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 249
dialog: 
dialog: . sk
dialog: 249
speaker_heading: TS
dialog: 250
dialog: ad
dialog: 251
dialog: 252
speaker_heading: #02075 83
speaker_heading: CONTINUED - 2 249
speaker_heading: BOERTH
dialog: Get your hands off or I'll blow it
dialog: up now. You can't stop it. I can
dialog: do it any second. .
text: A cold, hard ring of truth and conviction in Boerth's voice
text: makes Kessler hesitate; then Boerth whirls to face him and,
text: almost pleading, blurts out:
speaker_heading: BOERTH
dialog: Don't force me, damn it. Kessler,
dialog: I need your help.
text: Kessler, amazed, relaxes his grip.
scene_heading: INT. RADIO ROOM - NIGHT 250
text: Semi-darkness...His face tinted by the green luminescence from
text: the radio dials, Speck copies down a message coming off the
text: short wave in dots-and-dashes. As Lessing enters, Speck puts
text: the message in an envelope. and seals it carefully.
speaker_heading: SPECK
dialog: For Kessler. Get it to him immediately.
speaker_heading: : LESSING :
dialog: (leaving)
text: He's hard to find. He prowls all
text: over the ship.
dialog: 2
dialog: +
scene_heading: INT. HULL - NIGHT - UP ANGLE TOWARD NOSE CONE 251
text: A hushed voice is wafted along among the whispering flow of
text: air currents in the dim interior.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON KESSLER AND BOERTH 252
text: They sit muffled in shadow on the edge of the riggers' shelf.
dialog: ° BOERTH. »
dialog: (low)
dialog: This ship is the Nazis' greatest
dialog: propaganda weapon.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: And you patched her up today to make
dialog: your own propaganda. No good if
text: she just tumbled into the sea. No
dialog: politics in an act of God, eh?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
speaker_heading: sk #02075 84
speaker_heading: 252 CONTINUED 252
speaker_heading: om) BOERTH
dialog: No survivors either. But that's
dialog: not how I plan to do it.
dialog: (pause)
text: She'll blow up at the mooring mast
dialog: in Lakehurst tomorrow. Before
text: she turns around.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: A hydrogen airship? It's cold-
dialog: blooded murder.
speaker_heading: BOERTH
dialog: The Luftwaffe in Spain was cold-
dialog: blooded murder. But that was just
dialog: practice for Hitler.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: (sardonically)
dialog: And you people think you can save
dialog: the world by blowing up the.
text: Hindenburg.
speaker_heading: - BOERTH .
dialog: It's a place to start.
dialog: (passionately)
dialog: It will prove there is a Resistance.
dialog: Decent Germans will get the courage
dialog: to join us. And no one has to be
dialog: killed -- if you help me. You're +
dialog: the key to how ---
dialog: 
text: Abruptly Boerth stops and points down. Gesturing silence, he
text: rises and starts to coil rope.
speaker_heading: 253 DOWN ANGLE 253
text: Radio Officer Lessing appears in the dimness below.
speaker_heading: LESSING .
dialog: . - Boerth? Is that Colonel Kessler ~ .
dialog: with you? I have a message for him. .
scene_heading: 254 CLOSE TWO SHOT : 254
text: Boerth shoots Kessler a look. Kessler holds him with a non-
text: committal stare, then calls down:
dialog: 
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: Coming.
speaker_heading: ZB
dialog: . la
dialog: 255
dialog: 256
dialog: 257
dialog: 258
speaker_heading: 259
speaker_heading: #02075, 85
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON KESSLER
text: He quickly descends the curving stairs and takes the message
text: from Lessing on the lower catwalk. He opens the envelope.
scene_heading: TIGHT ON KESSLER
text: as he reads the message: FREDA HALLE DEAD STOP SHOT WHILE
text: TRYING TO ESCAPE signed HUFSCHMIDT.
text: Kessler's eyes close an instant. He takes a deep breath,
text: then’looks back at Boerth.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON BOERTH
text: From far above, he stares down at Kessler.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON KESSLER
text: His face filled with pity, he moves slowly down the catwalk,
text: folding the message smaller and smaller in his hands.
scene_heading: INT. CABIN OF KESSLER AND VOGEL - NIGHT
text: Vogel, in a dress shirt before the mirror, applies cologne
text: to his face. Kessler enters, pauses.
speaker_heading: _ VOGEL
dialog: Have a date’ with my little Jewish
dialog: model. I'm curious to try one
text: before they're all gone.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: Cologne won't help you.
speaker_heading: VOGEL
dialog: _ (erupting)
dialog: Why didn't you arrest Boerth?
dialog: Pruss’ showed me the message. >
speaker_heading: KESSLER .
dialog: I don't take orders from Hufschmidt
dialog: or you.
dialog: (controlling himself)
dialog: I'm still looking for a bomb. Arrest-
dialog: ing Boerth won't keep it from going
dialog: off.
speaker_heading: VOGEL
dialog: It will, dammit, if you make him
dialog: talk.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 255
dialog: 256
dialog: 257
dialog: 258
dialog: 259.
speaker_heading: _ia #02075
dialog: 
speaker_heading: HN 289 CONTINUED 259
speaker_heading: Cm KESSLER
dialog: - Your thumbscrews didn't make Freda
dialog: Halle talk --
dialog: (witheringly)
dialog: -~- before she was 'shot while try-
text: ing to escape.’
speaker_heading: . VOGEL
dialog: That was the mistake of some stupid
dialog: guard, and you're making a worse one.
dialog: Arrest Boerth, Douglas, Spah -- all
dialog: of them. Stop dragging your feet.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: Brilliant, Vogel. The Hindenbur
dialog: will come into Lakehurst Like a
text: prison ship. I can see the headline:
scene_heading: ANTI-NAZI PLOT ON ZEP.
speaker_heading: VOGEL -
dialog: (putting
dialog: | on jacket)
dialog: .There are ways of keeping it quiet.
dialog: If it offends your delicacy, Kessler,
dialog: let me handle it for you.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: Nae . “ KESSLER
dialog: You just do what you're told. [I'11
dialog: handle Boerth. You watch Napier and
dialog: Spah -- and, of course, your little
dialog: model. ,
dialog: *
speaker_heading: VOGEL
dialog: (opening door)
dialog: I'll also be watching you.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: Fine. But who'll be watching you?
text: Vogel turns in the doorway with an odd smile.
dialog: . : .¢ VOGEL : 2 . »
dialog: . *I'm really disappointed, Colonel.
dialog: We thought surely after the splendid
dialog: example of your own son, you'd ---
text: Kessler lunges, grabs Vogel by the shirt-front and slams him
text: against the wall. Vogel is too startled to do anything but
text: suck air. At the appearance of Flakus gathering shoes from the
text: passageway, Kessler releases Vogel. Kessler Looks at his hands
text: as though they were covered with slime, pushes Vogel out and
text: closes the door.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: la
dialog: 260
speaker_heading: #02075 : 87
scene_heading: CLOSE ON KESSLER . 260
text: He stands at the door thinking. He turns off the overhead
text: light and puts on the small reading lamp by his bed. But
text: instead of lying down he grips the edge of the upper bunk,
text: much like a man in a cell holding the bars.
text: After a moment he turns. slowly, as though there were someone
text: behind him. And there is; in the mirror of the darkened room.
text: He stares at the other face, his own, for a long time, hoping
dialog: it will send the answer back.
speaker_heading: SLOW FADE OUT
dialog: 
dialog: 262
speaker_heading: 263
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 265
speaker_heading: #02075 88
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: EXT. LAKEHURST - DAY 261
scene_heading: ‘A title:. THURSDAY, MAY 6, 9:35 A.M.
text: Evidence of recent rain...A Navy car with Commander Rosendahl
text: and Lt. Truscott in the rear splashes past two railroad cars
text: on a siding: a tanker crudely chalked "HINDENBURG"; a flat
text: car containing gas. cylinders and lettered in red "HYDROGEN".
scene_heading: ANGLE ON WEATHER EMPLACEMENT IN FRONT OF HANGAR 262
text: Nearing this- facility (a platform twenty feet high), the car
text: turns toward the vast dirigible hangar. The wind direction
text: and velocity are eleetrically displayed on a sign atop the
scene_heading: emplacement: WIND SW-12 KTS -- GUSTS 20 KTS. A blinker,
text: unactivated, projects above the sign. Next to the sign is a
text: large clock that changes every five seconds: 9:35:45. Also
text: an anemometer and a steam whistle. There's a puff of smoke
text: from the sign and the- gusts reading goes out.
scene_heading: INT. HANGAR - DAY---WAITING ROOM SECTION _ 263
text: Some thirty men, including Zeppelin Company officers, New Jersey
dialog: Police, U.S. Customs and Immigration officials, reporters,
text: and Detectives Moore and Grunberger, organize themselves for
text: the arrival of the Hindenburg.
scene_heading: ANGLE FEATURING ROSENDAHL ~ : ' 264
text: appearing with Truscott in the open hangar doors.
speaker_heading: - ROSENDAHL
dialog: New time of-arrival 5 P.M. You
dialog: reporters.can go back to the gin-
dialog: mills. I'Il ask the police and
dialog: security men to stay, though.
text: As? some of the men leave, Truscott distributes lists.
speaker_heading: . TRUSCOTT
dialog: Get ‘em while they're hot -- who
dialog: wants the passenger list?
scene_heading: ANGLE ON MOORE AND GRUNBERGER 265
dialog: studying the: list.
speaker_heading: MOORE
dialog: Here's a pair -- Napier and
dialog: Pajetta.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: lf
dialog: 265
speaker_heading: 267
speaker_heading: #02075 : - 89
speaker_heading: CONTINUED . 265
speaker_heading: ROSENDAHL
dialog: You know them, Sergeant?
speaker_heading: --- MOORE
dialog: Sure dos The-'Major' and Emilio . ‘
dialog: 'the. Canes’. They're boatmen --
dialog: card. sharks----usually work the .
text: luxufy liners.
speaker_heading: : - -GRUNBERGER
dialog: Real characters. :
text: Rosendahl-gives:a-short- laugh. A small worried Man approaches.
speaker_heading: SMALL MAN
dialog: I'm supposed -to check the copper
dialog: tubing on the airship, sir. Are
dialog: those guys-kidding about a bomb?
speaker_heading: ROSENDAHL
dialog: (to a trio of
dialog: reporters)
dialog: Very funny..
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN - DAY -- SHADOW AND RAINBOWS - MATTE 266
text: Two concentric rainbows, perfect circles, frame the
text: Hindenburg's shadow on the sea.
speaker_heading: : . PETER'S VOICE
dialog: Hey, look!
scene_heading: INT. PROMENADE DECK ~- DAY - CLOSE ON..THE TWO BRESLAU BOYS 267
text: gaping. Kirsch pauses behind them.
speaker_heading: KIRSCH
dialog: Ah, yes. Rainbows like that are
dialog: - very common in airship travel.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Hey, Dad. D'ya see it?
text: Breslau joins his boys at the window.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (loftily)
dialog: It's nothin', Dad. Rainbows like
dialog: that are very common in airship
dialog: travel.
speaker_heading: _ lt
speaker_heading: 7268
dialog: we
speaker_heading: 269
dialog: 270
dialog: i
dialog: Qo
speaker_heading: 271
dialog: 
speaker_heading: #02075 90
scene_heading: INT. HULL - DAY - ANGLE ON LOWER CATWALK 268
text: Kessler moves along it, searching for someone -- or something.
text: First looking fore and aft, he goes purposefully to a spot
text: along the catwalk, glances up, signals with his head and
dialog: continues aft. .
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BOERTH 269
text: Climbing down through the ventilator shaft to the middle cat~
text: walk, he follows Kessler. Before descending into the tail
dialog: fin, he checks behind him. "
scene_heading: INT. LOWER FIN - DAY . 270
text: Kessler waits in this murky area beneath the belly of the ship.
text: Boerth comes down the stairs.
speaker_heading: . BOERTH
dialog: (eagerly)
dialog: Are you with me?
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: You're headed for tragedy.
scene_heading: CLOSE TWO SHOT ~ KESSLER AND BOERTH. 271
speaker_heading: Mt BOERTH
dialog: (angry, dis-
dialog: appointed)
dialog: There's no time for that. This
dialog: __Ship and I only have six and a
dialog: -half hours left.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
text: And Freda Halle is the first victim.
speaker_heading: BOERTH
dialog: (staring)
dialog: . ~The Gestapo?
speaker_heading: . KESSLER
text: Killed trying to escape. They say.
text: Boerth turns away. Pause...He slams a girder. Again.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: Boerth.
text: Something in the quietness of Kessler’s voice gives Boerth
dialog: pause.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 272
speaker_heading: 273
speaker_heading: #02075 91
speaker_heading: CONTINUED . 271
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: I know, Boerth. I lost my boy in
dialog: March =~ my only child.
text: Boerth, his back still turned, waits.
scene_heading: BIG CLOSEUP - KESSLER 7 272
text: sad and furious at the same time.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: He was in the Hitler Youth. Fifteen
dialog: years old. They went out for some
text: fun one night. Paint slogans on
dialog: a synagogue... Alfred was on the
text: roof. He slipped and fell. His
dialog: neck was broken.
scene_heading: CLOSE TWO SHOT - FAVORING BOERTH 273
speaker_heading: BOERTH
dialog: Your son died for Hitler. Damn it,
dialog: isn't that enough for you?
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: (evenly)
dialog: Plenty. I don’t need ninety-seven
dialog: more dead’on this ship.
speaker_heading: | BOERTH
dialog: I don't want anyone to die. Why
dialog: do. you think I'm asking. your help? =
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: Help? To blow up the Zeppelin.
speaker_heading: BOERTH
dialog: (passionately) :
dialog: And, everything she stands for, I . “
dialog: , told you, it will happen at the
dialog: mooring.mast. No one aboard. “My
dialog: God, that's the last thing I want.
dialog: Ask Commander Rosendahl for Marines
dialog: to cordon off the ship. Keep every-
text: one at least fifty yards away.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: Ir would have tq see the bomb first,
dialog: know how it works.
speaker_heading: BOERTH
dialog: No.. You still have a wife at home.
dialog: The less you know the better.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: #02075
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 273 CONTINUED : 273
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: I have to see it. Too much can go
dialog: wrong.
dialog: «
speaker_heading: BOERTH
dialog: You just see that the ship's empty.
dialog: No one near it. Now what time do
dialog: I set the bomb for?
text: Kessler looks at him, then away. Silence.
speaker_heading: BOERTH
dialog: All right, Kessler, I'11 do it
dialog: without you.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: (gazing up)
text: The ship lands at five...Passengers
text: all off by 5:30. Another half-hour
dialog: to unload freight and mail. Liberty
text: party leaves at 6:30...Remaining
text: crew eat at the Naval Station Mess...
dialog: Rosendahl’s dinner party for offi-
text: cers at 7:00. Anyone standing
dialog: ma watch I'll evacuate. I'll say
dialog: U.S. Customs search -- something.
dialog: “No supplies, fuel, gas will be
dialog: loaded till after eight.
dialog: 
text: He pauses, focusing on Bgerth.
speaker_heading: a. * BOERTH
dialog: ~ What time?
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: You'll leave with the liberty
text: party. Disappear into New York.
speaker_heading: / BOERTH
dialog: I'm staying aboard.
speaker_heading: : KESSLER e
dialog: That can’t help Freda now.
speaker_heading: BOERTH
dialog: (hard)
dialog: In the last few seconds I'm sending
dialog: out a radio signal that it's no
dialog: accident,
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: (pause; then)
dialog: 
dialog: 7:30.
text: He turns abruptly and goes up the stairs from the tail.
dialog: 
dialog: av
dialog: v~\ 274
dialog: C / and
dialog: 275
speaker_heading: 276
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 277
dialog: 278
dialog: 
speaker_heading: #02075 93
dialog: . 274
speaker_heading: OMITTED and
dialog: . 275
scene_heading: INT. SMOKING ROOM - DAY - : 276
text: The Countess plays poker with Napier, Pajetta and Osborne.
text: The stakes on the table are high and the men are tense. The
text: Countess coolly sips -a champagne cocktail.
speaker_heading: OSBORNE
dialog: (folding hand)
dialog: Out.
speaker_heading: PAJETTA
dialog: Check.
speaker_heading: COUNTESS
dialog: Raise.
text: Pajetta frowns, glances at Napier, then laughs, jiggling his
dialog: cane.
speaker_heading: PAJETTA
dialog: Oho, the lady's out for blood.
speaker_heading: COUNTESS
dialog: I use it to polish my nails.
text: Showing him her fingers, she rests them on top of his cane.
scene_heading: LOW ANGLE AT TABLE ~ “ 277 *
text: As Pajetta's cane is grounded, the Countess' elegant spike
text: “heel takes up the tapping sound.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON NAPIER : 278
text: confused. At the sound of another few taps his expression
dialog: clears. '
dialog: *
speaker_heading: NAPIER / ®
dialog: (to Countess)
dialog: See you and raise you.
speaker_heading: PAJETTA
dialog: Re-raise and call, Let's have the
dialog: showdown, Major.
speaker_heading: NAPIER
dialog: (showing cards)
dialog: Three of a kind.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: ~jv #02075 94 : Rev. 4/22/74
scene_heading: aN 278 CONTINUED . 278
speaker_heading: ( ) . PAJETTA
dialog: ~ . (showing cards)
dialog: Full house.
dialog: (chuckling)
dialog: I'm only sorry this isn't strip
dialog: poker, Countess. 4
speaker_heading: - me COUNTESS
dialog: : (dryly) , .
dialog: “You'd be. looking for a fig leaf.
dialog: Straight flush.
text: “Pajetta blinks at the high hand,. then glares at her and Napier
text: as she rakes in the money. Napier wipes his brow with a hand-
text: kerchief from his sleeve.
speaker_heading: NAPIER
dialog: (shuffling cards)
dialog: Ah, well. Once more to the breach,
dialog: dear friends. :
scene_heading: 279 FULL ON ROOM : 279
text: as Kessler enters and stands, surveying the game. The (X)
text: Countess. catches his eye and indicates Pajetta,
dialog: 
scene_heading: 280 CLOSE ON KESSLER 280.
text: observing Pajetta closely. Vogel emerges from the door "lock"
text: and slides up to Kessler.
speaker_heading: . VOGEL _
dialog: (low) - +. . os S
text: Spah's. been. in the hull again. The
text: stewardess found this in his cabin.
dialog: 
text: He shows Kessler a sketch pad.
dialog: > . « . a - . .
scene_heading: 281 POINT OF VIEW ON SKETCH PAD . t - vo . . 281
text: There are three drawings of the interior, the last a sketch of
text: the complex structure at the stern with a figure swinging from
dialog: a girder. . : .
speaker_heading: KESSLER'S VOICE
dialog: Our clown is working for someone
dialog: else, I think. Someone who needs
dialog: these.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: «jv #02075 95
scene_heading: _ 282 CLOSE TWO-SHOT - KESSLER AND VOGEL . 282
dialog: |
dialog: ~ J
speaker_heading: — VOGEL
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: That's the man I want you to find,
dialog: Otto. But after we take care of
dialog: these two.
scene_heading: 283 ANGLE PAST KESSLER AND VOGEL . 283
text: Kessler glances significantly at Pajetta and gives Vogel the
text: nod. Vogel moves up behind -Pajetta and lifts the cane.
speaker_heading: VOGEL
dialog: What happened to the tape, Mr.
dialog: Pajetta?
speaker_heading: PAJETTA
dialog: _ Since when have you become the
dialog: local house dick?
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: _ (straight-faced)
dialog: I deputized him. Until we land you
dialog: and Major Napier will be confined
dialog: to your cabin.
speaker_heading: VOGEL ~ .
dialog: (grasping Pajetta) . .
dialog: Come along.
speaker_heading: NAPIER
dialog: (appalled)
dialog: What about the game?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: You can play hearts with Mr. Pajetta
text: in the cabin.
speaker_heading: . PAJETTA
dialog: (reaching for
dialog: pot)
dialog: Hold your horses.
speaker_heading: COUNTESS
dialog: (showing a
dialog: full house)
dialog: I believe the pot is mine.
dialog: (a sweet smile)
dialog: May I send a bottle of champagne to
dialog: your cabin?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 284
dialog: 
speaker_heading: #02075 96
speaker_heading: CONTINUED : 283
speaker_heading: PAJETTA
dialog: Madam, what you can do with your
dialog: champagne, I cannot say in the
dialog: presence of gentlemen.
text: He limps off.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON KESSLER AND THE COUNTESS 284
text: Taking his arm, she guides him to the bar.
speaker_heading: COUNTESS
dialog: You're forgiven, dear Franz. .I've
dialog: made enough to send fifty trunks
text: over on the Bremen.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: How'd you do it?
text: The Countess, taking out her little pipe, glides off to get
text: the lighter. Kessler holds it for her.
speaker_heading: COUNTESS
dialog: (between puffs)
dialog: They cheat at cards. I believe
dialog: that's how they make their living.
speaker_heading: . KESSLER
dialog: The cane? :
speaker_heading: . COUNTESS
text: Yes. Pajetta taps signals with it.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: And you still won?
text: The Countess points to her well-shod feet with the small pipe
text: and taps a spike heel on the floor.
dialog: . -COUNTESS .
dialog: - I scrambled their signals.’ Your ., . 4
dialog: ten ‘percent is worth a dozen cases
dialog: of champagne. Shall we start
dialog: drinking them up?
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: Better send them to me. I'll cele-
dialog: brate my return home with a bath in
dialog: champagne.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: .
scene_heading: wv #02075 : 97 Rev. 4/26/74
speaker_heading: 284 CONTINUED 284
speaker_heading: : COUNTESS
dialog: I'd love to join you, but --
dialog: (suddenly serious) -
dialog: I'm not going. back, Franz.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: I know. ,
dialog: (faint smile)
text: Who tries to take a wardrobe trunk
dialog: on a Zeppelin?
speaker_heading: COUNTESS
dialog: Sweet, darling Franz. It's all so
dialog: depressing.
dialog: (offering pipe)
dialog: This helps a little.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: It's not what I need at the moment,
dialog: thanks.
speaker_heading: COUNTESS
dialog: (kissing his cheek)
text: Old stone face.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 285 EXT. LAKEHURST - DAY - ANGLE ON ROSENDAHL'S NAVY CAR - MATTE 285
text: crossing the ramp. over the narrow-gauge railroad tracks
text: surrounding the landing mast.. In the lee of the mast, a few
text: men taking cover from the raw weather hustle back to work.
scene_heading: 286 EXT. BASE. OF MAST - DAY - CLOSE ON ROSENDAHL 286
text: : Emerging from the car, he calls up to the top of the mast:
speaker_heading: ROSENDAHL
dialog: Kirby, check over your procedures
dialog: + for a high landing. Pruss just
dialog: messaged he's going to try one. . .
dialog: 7
scene_heading: 287 ANGLE PAST ROSENDAHL TO ENSIGN KIRBY AT TOP OF MAST 287
speaker_heading: . : (Xx)
text: The pink-cheeked young officer shouts back against the wind.
speaker_heading: KIRBY
text: Pruss is nuts. An electric front's
dialog: moving in.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: tiv #02075 98
speaker_heading: 9 287 CONTINUED 287
scene_heading: oY . ROSENDAHL
dialog: ~ (looking off;
dialog: wincing) ;
dialog: --Well, he's going to try it.. Kirby,
text: when she's hooked up crank her nose
dialog: down into the cup real easy. Just
dialog: keep thinking: seven million cubic
dialog: -£eet of hydrogen on the end of our
dialog: fishing pole.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 288 EXT. NEW YORK CITY - DAY - MINIATURE AND MATTE 288
text: A title: 3:45 P.M. The Hindenburg sails over Manhattan.
scene_heading: 289 INT. "A" DECK PROMENADE - DAY : 289
text: Excited passengers pick out landmarks. A shout from Douglas
text: startles people around him -~ Kessler, the Countess, others.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: My God, the Queen!
dialog: (to Kessler)
dialog: I've had it.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: Not necessarily. We'll be at
dialog: Lakehurst by five. She's just
text: picking up her tugs.
speaker_heading: a0 e ’
scene_heading: 290 EXT. NEW YORK HARBOR - DAY - MATTE , “290
text: The Queen Mary and other ships salute the Zeppelin with
text: whistle blasts.
scene_heading: 291 INT. THE HULL - DAY. . 291
text: Boerth moves down the middle catwalk. Half-full at the end
text: * sof the voyage,. the gas bags sag and billow, their bottoms
text: hanging in folds.
scene_heading: 292 CLOSE ON BOERTH 292
text: checking the valves on Gas Cell IV. After cautiously surveying
text: the lower catwalk, he climbs down the netting around the bag.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 293 ANOTHER ANGLE 293
text: as Boerth stops at a drooping fold. He swiftly cuts the gas
text: bag with his rigger's knife. Then he detaches the handle from
text: the blade and slides up a panel on the now separate handle.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: psa
speaker_heading: 294
dialog: 295
speaker_heading: 296
speaker_heading: 297
speaker_heading: 298
speaker_heading: 299
dialog: 300
speaker_heading: #00192 99
scene_heading: INSERT - THE MECHANISM OF THE: BOMB . 294
text: The. explosive: device is in the handle. The inner works have
text: been. exposed twice before, and must now be recognizable. (See
text: Appendix #3.) Boerth's:- knife point sets the red detonation
text: needle at 7:30 and the black timer needle is started on its
dialog: - inexorable journey.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON BOERTH . . 295
text: He. closes the panel: on the detached knife handle (the bomb)
text: and hooks the device into the opening of the gas bag. His
text: nervous fingers. drop the detached blade. Appalled, he looks
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: POINT OF VIEW 296
text: No one in sight -- but neither is the tell-tale knife blade.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON BOERTH - 297
text: He. feverishly sews up the slit in the gas bag and starts
text: stitching a patch over it.
scene_heading: ‘DOWN ANGLE ON KNORR : 298
text: coming along the middle catwalk.
dialog: a .
scene_heading: CLOSE ON BOERTH 299
text: He: finishes stitching the patch over the incision, fans away
text: the small amount of gas that escaped, starts down to look for
text: his. knife. blade.
speaker_heading: : KNORR'S VOICE
dialog: Boerth. What's there?
dialog: . te > >
text: Startled, Boerth almost slips, recovers and jumps like a cat.
scene_heading: ANGLE: FAVORING KNORR 300
text: on the lower catwalk as Boerth lands beside him.
speaker_heading: KNORR
dialog: Found something, Eric?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: psa
dialog: 300
speaker_heading: 301
dialog: 302
speaker_heading: 303
dialog: 304
dialog: 
speaker_heading: #00192 . 100
speaker_heading: CONTINUED . : 300
speaker_heading: . BOERTH :
dialog: (pointing up)
text: A leak coming from a worn spot.
dialog: Must've started to rub when the
dialog: outer skin ripped. I've patched
dialog: it. I'm sure it's secure.
text: Boerth tensely watches Knorr who covers his black eye and
text: studies the gas: bag. Knorr nods and starts back.
speaker_heading: KNORR»
dialog: Come on. The chef's got sandwiches.
scene_heading: INSERT - THE KNIFE BLADE 301
text: wedged and hidden in the catwalk. First Knorr's crepe-soled
text: shoes, and then Boerth's, pass over it. .
scene_heading: EXT. LAKEHURST - DAY -. ADMINISTRATION BUILDING 302
text: As Rosendahl hurries: inside, the ship's cloek over the: entrance |
dialog: shows 4:15. .
scene_heading: INT. ROSENDAHL'S OFFICE - DAY 303
text: Truscott follows Rosendahl: inside and takes his trench coat.
speaker_heading: - ROSENDAHL
dialog: (disgusted) -
dialog: Colonel Belsma refused to let us
dialog: have the detachment of Marines.
speaker_heading: * TRUSCOTT
dialog: Did you tell him the score?
speaker_heading: - ROSENDAHL
dialog: Belsma knows the score. We hada .
text: real-set-to. He calls her a flying
dialog: crematorium -- doesn't want his .
dialog: men near her. - . . .
dialog: (pacing) :
dialog: Damn, I hope Washington gives
dialog: Lehmann that helium.
speaker_heading: OMITTED / 304
speaker_heading: psa #00192 . 101
scene_heading: 305 INT. HINDENBURG - CREW'S QUARTERS - DAY 305
dialog: 7
text: . J Ludecke brings in Boerth and Neuhaus. Kessler, Vogel and
dialog: Lehmann wait. for :them.;
speaker_heading: LEHMANN
dialog: We want to see your knives.
text: Neuhaus promptly takes his knife from the sheath at his waist
text: and: shows it. Boerth shoots Kessler a quizzical look but
text: makes no move to lift up his knife.
speaker_heading: VOGEL
dialog: We want to see your knife, Eric.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: (showing detached
dialog: blade)
dialog: Ludecke: found this in the hull a
dialog: few minutes ago.
text: Taking his time, Boerth gives his knife to Lehmann who examines
text: it. Boerth flicks another look at Kessler. Each is made un-
dialog: -easy of the other by this new development.
scene_heading: _ 306 ANGLE. ON KNORR 306
dialog: 
text: He comes from the shower with a towel draped around. his waist.
speaker_heading: KNORR
dialog: * Please excuse my appearance, Captain.
speaker_heading: LEHMANN
dialog: We'd like- to see your knife, Chief.
text: Knorr turns promptly to his bunk to pick up his knife on top
text: of his clothes. He swears; the sheath is empty.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: KNORR
dialog: (searching)
dialog: I had it-when I took off my clothes: .
dialog: Somebody must've borrowed it.
speaker_heading: . oO KESSLER
dialog: {showing detached
dialog: blade)
dialog: Is this it, Knorr?
text: Knorr. looks briefly at both sides of the blade.
speaker_heading: KNORR
dialog: No.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: psa
dialog: 306
dialog: * 307
dialog: 308
speaker_heading: #00192 102
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 306
speaker_heading: . VOGEL -
dialog: Can you prove it?
speaker_heading: KNORR .
dialog: {conversationally).
dialog: Well, the guard on my knife has a
dialog: nick. from that fight in Shanghai
dialog: when we went around the world on
dialog: the: Graf -- remember, Captain? --
text: and there's a scratch on the blade
dialog: from when: my boy took it to go ---
speaker_heading: VOGEL
dialog: (to Kessler)
dialog: Arrest him. Question all of them.
text: Knorr turns to Lehmann in amazement and drops his towel.
speaker_heading: KNORR
dialog: Arrest me, Captain? Because my
dialog: knife was borrowed?
text: A bosun's whistle shrills o.s. Men pile from the bunks and
text: move out to their stations. Lehmann picks up the towel and
dialog: hands it to Knorr. :
speaker_heading: . LEHMANN
dialog: Get dressed and go to your landing
dialog: station, Chief..
dialog: . (to Boerth and :
dialog: Neuhaus) . *
dialog: You men, too. . “
dialog: (to Kessler) a
dialog: Enough of this stupid business. I
dialog: trust=the men in the Zeppelin family.
text: Kessler nods. Vogel, eyeing Kessler, lifts the knife blade
text: from Kessler's hand and exits. As he exchanges a pointed look
text: with Boerth, Kessler moves out.
scene_heading: EXT. LAKEHURST., - DAY - WEATHER EMPLACEMENT . 307
text: Wind SW to 16 KTS -- gusts (no reading). The clock shows
text: 5:15:25. Now two Navy technicians try to repair the blank
text: gusts section. One of the men points o.s.
scene_heading: EXT. THE HINDENBURG AND AIRFIELD - DAY - MATTE 308
text: Approaching the field, she appears out of dark clouds. Light-
text: ning flashes, followed by distant thunder. Carnival atmosphere
text: outside the fence. Cars-arriving...vendors selling Eskimo pies,
text: hot dogs, pennants and*long -balloons-marked: "Hindénburg"?...
text: People crowd the fence; standing on car tops.
speaker_heading: psa #00192 103
scene_heading: 308-A’ ANGLE ON TRUDI VON SCHARNWITZ 308-A
text: . Unmistakable in a white cape- that is-an exact copy of her
text: ~~ --mother's, she cranes out the window of a taxi.. Beside her
text: are two- nuns: from her school. As the taxi presses toward
text: the main gate-o.s., the nuns tug her: back inside. >
scene_heading: 309 EXT. LANDING MAST - DAY . 309
text: By the field phone at the base of the mast, Rosendahl and
text: Truscott watch the Hindenburg o.s. A strong gust hits them.
speaker_heading: ROSENDAHL
dialog: That» was at least 25 knots.
dialog: (turning: toward
dialog: weather. sign)
dialog: Hell, they're only showing surface
dialog: winds. Where's. gusts?
speaker_heading: TRUSCOTT
dialog: They can't get- it fixed, sir.
speaker_heading: ROSENDAHL
dialog: (grabbing phone)
dialog: Flash red, dammit, flash red.
dialog: ~
scene_heading: 310 EXT. WEATHER EMPLACEMENT ~ DAY 310
text: The blinker above the sign: flashes red. The clock shows
text: 5:08:35. The repair men- climb down.
scene_heading: 311 INT. HINDENBURG - DAY - CONTROL GONDOLA 311
speaker_heading: DIMMLER
dialog: Signal red, Captain.
speaker_heading: - PRUSS
dialog: : (behind him)
dialog: . : Thank you kindly.- I.thought it was
dialog: . : a Christmas tree.
dialog: y : (to Lessing at phone) ”
dialog: * - . Send this to Rosendahl: Riding
dialog: : out weather. Shall delay landing
dialog: until further notice from NAL.
text: Looking forward to dinner. Pruss.
scene_heading: 312 EXT. THE HINDENBURG - DAY - MINIATURE AND MATTE 312
text: She grows smaller and disappears into the stormy sky.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 313 OMITTED 313
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: dc.
speaker_heading: 314
speaker_heading: 314-A
speaker_heading: 314-B
dialog: 314-c
dialog: 
speaker_heading: #02075 104
scene_heading: EXT. HINDENBURG - DAY - MINIATURE AND MATTE 314
text: The Jersey coast...A threatening sky, lightning, distant
dialog: thunder.
scene_heading: INT. LOUNGE - DAY : 314-a
speaker_heading: COUNTESS
dialog: (staring at Kirsch)
dialog: This is absured.
text: Passengers are queued up at a table where Kirsch returns their
text: passports and issues landing cards to be filled in.
speaker_heading: KIRSCH.
dialog: Yes, m'am. I'm sure it's only a
dialog: technicality that will be straight-
dialog: ened out before we land.
speaker_heading: COUNTESS
dialog: (heatedly)
dialog: Give me back my passport this in-
dialog: stant, Kirsch.
text: She riffles through the passports on the table.
speaker_heading: KIRSCH
dialog: tt isn't here, Countess. It's been
dialog: picked up.
speaker_heading: TOURISTY TYPE
dialog: (chuckling)
dialog: Same thing happened to a friend of
dialog: mine in Italy. You wouldn't believe
dialog: the reason they gave him. They. said ---
text: Stunned, the Countess brushes past him.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRS AND FOYER ON "A" DECK 314-B
text: Cqming. up the stairs, Kessler moves down the -passageway. Up-
text: set, the Countess hurries into the foyer.
speaker_heading: : COUNTESS
dialog: FPranz....-
scene_heading: ANGLE ON KESSLER 314-c
text: turning in the passageway. The Countess rushes up to him.
speaker_heading: COUNTESS
dialog: They've picked up my passport.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: ~~
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: de
dialog: 314-c
speaker_heading: 314-D
speaker_heading: 314-E
speaker_heading: 314-F
dialog: 315
dialog: thru
speaker_heading: 317
speaker_heading: 318
speaker_heading: 319
dialog: 
speaker_heading: #02075 105
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 314-c
speaker_heading: : KESSLER
dialog: On whose orders?
speaker_heading: COUNTESS
dialog: (distraught) .
dialog: Yours, maybe. Who else knows about
dialog: Peenemunde? You -~+-
text: He claps his ‘hand over her mouth. As he does so, his eyes
dialog: slide off.
scene_heading: HIS ANGLE - STEWARDESS IMHOF 314-D
text: emerging from an open cabin and dumping a pile of bed linen
text: in the passageway. She looks at them askance.
scene_heading: CLOSE TWO SHOT - KESSLER AND THE COUNTESS 314-E
text: He forms a smile, slides his hand to her cheek and pats it.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: It's only a little storm, Countess.
dialog: In an hour you'll be laughing about
dialog: this with your daughter. In fact,
dialog: I'm going to escort you off the ship
dialog: ‘personally to be sure I meet her.
dialog: Go back on deck and enjoy the
text: Captain's champagne.
dialog: ’ - (significantly)
dialog: « - All right?
text: The Countess clasps his hand with both of hers for a moment,
text: then goes up the stairs. His eyes follow her worriedly for
text: an instant before he starts away, glancing at his watch.
scene_heading: INSERT WATCH - 5:55 " 314-5
dialog: . 315
speaker_heading: - OMITTED - thru
dialog: : “ . - 317
scene_heading: INT. BOW - DAY - ANGLE ON BOERTH 318
text: Deeply concerned, Boerth stares out a window in the nose. He
text: checks his watch.
scene_heading: INSERT WATCH: 6:00 319
dialog: 
speaker_heading: de #02075 106
scene_heading: 320 CLOSE ON BOERTH : 320
text: ) Coming to a decision, he swings around and pulls up short.
scene_heading: 321 ANGLE ‘ON VOGEL AND LUDECKE 321
text: approaching Boerth in the confines of the nose.
speaker_heading: VOGEL
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: Let me see that knife.
speaker_heading: BOERTH
dialog: You've seen it.
dialog: (pushing past)
dialog: I'm busy.
text: They grab him. Ludecke twists Boerth's arm behind his. back.
text: Vogel pulls the knife from the sheath.
speaker_heading: VOGEL
dialog: This is Knorr's knife, isn't it?
speaker_heading: BOERTH
dialog: The hell it is.
speaker_heading: VOGEL
dialog: “ “ (showing him)
text: A nick on the guard, long scratch
text: on the blade, just like Knorr said.
dialog: You.stole it from him when you broke
dialog: your own. What were you: doing?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BOERTH
dialog: It's my knife.
speaker_heading: VOGEL
dialog: You're lying.
text: They start to force him down the stairs.
speaker_heading: BOERTH .
dialog: (struggling)
dialog: You can't arrest me without Kessler.
dialog: £
speaker_heading: VOGEL
dialog: Watch.
text: Boerth grunts as Ludecke increases pressure on the hammerlock.
text: Then Boerth relaxes and lets himself be dragged down the stairs.
speaker_heading: BOERTH
dialog: Vogel, you Gestapo idiot, you're
dialog: making the mistake of your life.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: dc #02075 107
scene_heading: 322 INT. STEERING ROOM - DAY , "322
text: 7) Pruss strolls around. Kessler enters and joins him.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
text: Captain, some of the passengers are
dialog: getting nervous. About how long
dialog: will it be before we land?
speaker_heading: PRUSS
dialog: Whenever Naval Air at Lakehurst
dialog: give us the green light.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: : (insistently)
dialog: When do you estimate that will? be?
speaker_heading: PRUSS
dialog: (stopping; annoyed)
dialog: You can tell the passengers we'll
dialog: land when conditions are right and
dialog: not a minute sooner.
text: He strolls off. Kessler looks. urgently at the ship's clock.
scene_heading: = 323 HIS POINT OF VIEW 323
text: oe The clock ‘at 6:18.
scene_heading: 324. ANGLE ON ELEVATOR MAN FELBER . 324
speaker_heading: FELBER
dialog: (singing out)
text: Three degrees light in the bow and
text: tail heavy.
speaker_heading: PRUSS
dialog: Use a one degree up angle at the mast.
speaker_heading: . LEHMANN ~
dialog: sO : . (hands on elevator . :
dialog: + wheel) ~ : . 2
dialog: She doesn't feel right, Max. It
text: could be a soft bag. The aft cells
text: took a beating when the skin ripped.
speaker_heading: PRUSS
text: She's tail-heavy because wind drove
dialog: the rain aft. The moisture will
text: evaporate in a few minutes.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: fw #02075 ‘Los
speaker_heading: 324 CONTINUED 324
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: (to Pruss)
dialog: Once we're over the field, how long
dialog: will it be before the passengers
dialog: are actually off the ship?
text: Pruss looks at him in exasperation. Kessler forces a smile.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: The passengers are sure to ask..
speaker_heading: PRUSS
dialog: (curtly) :
text: A high landing takes fifteen minutes.
dialog: Allow another twenty to disembark
dialog: passengers.
text: Kessler hesitates, then:
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: I understand the Countess' passport
text: is being held.
speaker_heading: PRUSS
dialog: (pained)
dialog: _ Rotten. Vogel said it was a matter
dialog: “ ef internal security.
speaker_heading: - KESSLER
dialog: Vogel took it?- : ‘
speaker_heading: PRUSS
dialog: (flaring)
dialog: What in.-hell's the matter with you,
dialog: Kessler? I assume you know what's
dialog: going on in your own department.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: (bitterly)
dialog: Yes, sir, I do.
text: He hurries out. ,
scene_heading: 325 EXT. LAKEHURST ~ DAY - WEATHER EMPLACEMENT : 325
scene_heading: The sign reads:. WIND SW 12 KTS -- GUSTS (no reading). In
text: front of the sign two civilian technicians, resigned to failure,
text: pack up their tools to leave. The clock shows.7:00:05. Near
text: the clock, the steam whistle blasts one long and two short.
text: The technicians jump and hold their ears.
speaker_heading: C
speaker_heading: J
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 326
speaker_heading: 327
dialog: thru
dialog: 331
dialog: 332
dialog: and
dialog: 333
dialog: 33¢
dialog: 335
dialog: 336
speaker_heading: 337
dialog: 
dialog: #02075 , 109
scene_heading: EXT. THE AIRFIELD - DAY - WIDE ANGLE 326
text: Soggy Navy and civilian linesmen-come running toward the mast.
scene_heading: QUICK SHOTS OF: . 327
dialog: thru |
text: Newsreel men climbing to cameras on the hoods of cars... 331
text: People emerging from the hangar: Detectives Moore and
dialog: . Grunberger, Customs and Immigration men, Zeppelin Company
dialog: officials, etc.
dialog: » . 332
speaker_heading: OMITTED and
dialog: , 333
scene_heading: ANGLE. ON BOSUN HOBAN : 334
text: A hulking airshipman, Hoban booms orders through a megaphone
text: to details manning equipment on the tracks. (See Appendix #4.)
speaker_heading: HOBAN .
dialog: Get the lead out, Cieselwicz!
text: Two men each on the capstan cars...
dialog: Jackson, if the wind shifts, your
dialog: linesmen hold 'er steady till the
text: main wire lets down.
scene_heading: _ANGLE PAST MAST TOWARD HINDENBURG - MATTE : : 335
text: In the distance she can now be seen approaching.
speaker_heading: HOBAN'S VOICE
dialog: _. You man, the civilian, you're out
dialog: . of position. -
scene_heading: INT. HINDENBURG - DAY - AFT ON MIDDLE CATWALK ‘ 336
text: Lehmann, Knorr and Neuhaus inspect Gas Cell Iv. At a half-run,
text: Kessler comes down the catwalk. .
speaker_heading: “ KESSLER
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: Boerth.
speaker_heading: KNORR
dialog: I want him too. Lazy bum's probably
text: asleep in the nose cone.
text: Kessler turns and hustles back, looking at his watch.
scene_heading: INSERT WATCH: 7:06. 337
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 339
speaker_heading: SY
dialog: 340 |
speaker_heading: 341
dialog: 7
dialog: 342
speaker_heading: 343
dialog: 
speaker_heading: #02075 110
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON LEHMANN 338
text: He leans down from the catwalk and tugs on. the loose-hanging
text: folds of Gas Cell IV. The patch on the bag becomes visible.
speaker_heading: ‘LEHMANN -
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: KNORR
dialog: A worn place we patched, but I'm
dialog: sure it's secure.
speaker_heading: LEHMANN
dialog: All right, but let's have a man
dialog: watch this gas bag until we're on
dialog: the ground.
scene_heading: INT. NOSE CONE - DAY 339
text: Kessler vaults up the stairs to the platform in the nose cone.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: Boerth!
text: No answer. The nose cone is empty. Kessler checks his watch
text: and hurriedly exits.
scene_heading: EXT. AIRFIELD - DAY - DOWN-SHOT FROM HANGAR ROOF - MATTE . 340
text: The white dots of Navy linesmen mixed with civilians extend
text: in two rows from the mast.
scene_heading: EXT, THE LANDING MAST - DAY - CLOSE ON ROSENDAHL 341
text: He talks into the phone at the foot of the mast.
speaker_heading: ROSENDAHL
dialog: Send to Dekka: Recommend landing
dialog: now; ground crew ‘ready. ~- . .
scene_heading: EXT. WEATHER EMPLACEMENT - DAY — 342
text: The blinker flashes green. The clock is at 7:09:35.
scene_heading: INT. HINDENBURG - DAY - THE CONTROL GONDOLA 343
speaker_heading: *PRUSS
dialog: (to Lessing at phone)
dialog: Reply to NAL: Proceeding to land.
dialog: Will be late for dinner. Apologies
dialog: to Madame, signed Pruss.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: _ km
speaker_heading: 343
speaker_heading: oT
dialog: /
speaker_heading: 344
dialog: mo
dialog: 7
dialog: 345
speaker_heading: 346
speaker_heading: 347
speaker_heading: #02075 lll
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 343
speaker_heading: LEHMANN ‘
dialog: (hurrying in)
dialog: I'm uneasy about Cell IV, Max.
dialog: Might have to. make a major repair
text: before going back.
speaker_heading: PRUSS °
dialog: We'll see.
dialog: (picking. up phone)
dialog: Landing stations.
speaker_heading: ELEVATORMAN FELBER
dialog: (singing out)
text: Two degrees light in the bow and
text: tail-heavy.
speaker_heading: PRUSS
dialog: (into. ‘phone)
text: Twelve men from the off-watch into
dialog: the bow.
scene_heading: INT. BOW AND NOSE CONE - DAY - ANGLE ON 344
text: The bosun's whistle sounds through the interior. Kessler
text: fights his way through the men coming up the stairs.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: Anyone seen Boerth?
speaker_heading: ; _ MEN
dialog: No...No, sir...No, Colonel.’
speaker_heading: LUDECKE
dialog: No, sir. He should be here. — °
scene_heading: EXT. THE. HINDENBURG - DAY - MINIATURE AND MATTE 345
text: She swings wide over the hangar.
scene_heading: EXT. WEATHER EMPLACEMENT - DAY - DOWN ANGLE - J 346 ‘
text: featuring clock at 7:11:05. Sign reads: WIND W 14 KTS --
speaker_heading: GUSTS (no reading).
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL GONDOLA - DAY 347
speaker_heading: LEHMANN
dialog: (at window)
text: Wind's shifted to the west.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
speaker_heading: cc
speaker_heading: 347
dialog: —_
speaker_heading: 348
speaker_heading: CO) 349
dialog: 350
speaker_heading: 351
dialog: 
speaker_heading: #02075 112
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: PRUSS
dialog: Gusts?
speaker_heading: LEHMANN
text: No reading on gusts.
speaker_heading: PRUSS
dialog: No wonder they lose all their
dialog: airships.
dialog: (pauses, then)
text: Hard rudder to port, aft engines
dialog: astern.
scene_heading: EXT. THE LANDING MAST - DAY ~- MATTE AND MINIATURE
text: The Hindenburg drifts slowly forward, swinging to the left.
speaker_heading: HOBAN
dialog: (in f.g.7 bellowing)
dialog: Line up with ‘er, knuckleheads.
dialog: She'll keep her nose in the wind.
text: The ground crew shift position accordingly.
scene_heading: INT. HINDENBURG - DAY - CREW'S QUARTERS
text: Two off-duty men play. chess.
scene_heading: . . 1ST CHESSPLAYER
dialog: * You know who gets liberty? I'll
dialog: tell you who. Party members,
dialog: that's who.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: (hurrying in)
dialog: Where's Boerth?
speaker_heading: 2ND CHESSPLAYER
text: His landing station's in the nose.
dialog: ~
text: Kessler swears under his breath, glances at his watch.
scene_heading: INSERT WATCH: 7:13.
scene_heading: EXT. THE HINDENBURG - DAY - MATTE AND MINIATURE
text: She mushes in toward the mast some five hundred yards away.
text: Abruptly water ballast dumps from her underbelly.
speaker_heading: 347
speaker_heading: 348
speaker_heading: 349
dialog: 350
speaker_heading: 351
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: ce
dialog: 352
speaker_heading: 353
speaker_heading: 353-A
speaker_heading: 354
speaker_heading: 355
speaker_heading: 356
speaker_heading: 357
speaker_heading: 358
dialog: (359
dialog: 360
dialog: 
speaker_heading: #02075 : 113
scene_heading: CLOSE ON A NEWSREEL CAMERAMAN . . 352
text: shooting from atop his car and getting drenched.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON LINESMEN 353
text: A wave of laughter rises from them.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON TRUDI 353-A
text: Standing in her white cape between the two nuns in front of
text: the hangar, she laughs and jumps up and down with excitement.
scene_heading: INT. HULL ~ DAY - THE LOWER CATWALK 354
text: Kessler, moving under tremendous tension, opens the canvas
text: curtains to the freight compartments off the catwalk.
scene_heading: ANGLE PAST KESSLER . 355
text: The first compartment is filled with spare parts -- no Boerth.
text: Kessler lunges to the next compartment.
scene_heading: HIS POINT OF VIEW INTO COMPARTMENT 356
text: The mail room...a man sorting.sacks. Not Boerth.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON KESSLER : 357
text: Moving on, he checks his-watch.
scene_heading: INSERT WATCH: 7:16. 358
scene_heading: INT. THE BOW - DAY ~ FEATURING STAIRS . 359
text: Twelve off-watch men, including‘ von Bauer and Chef Mueller,
text: each stand on a step of the arcing staircase. >
text: ANGLE ON KNORR IN THE NOSE 360
text: He presses his headset as he relays orders.
speaker_heading: KNORR
dialog: Stand by for starboard line drop.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: ‘fw
dialog: 360-A
speaker_heading: 361
dialog: 362
speaker_heading: 363
speaker_heading: 364
dialog: 365
speaker_heading: 366
speaker_heading: 367
dialog: 
speaker_heading: #02075 114
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL GONDOLA - FAVORING DIMMLER 360-
text: as he hits a switch on a control panel.
scene_heading: INT. BOW - DOWN ANGLE ON LUDECKE 361
text: standing by a huge pile of coiled rope on a closed hatch.
text: The hatch opens, the rope drops.
scene_heading: EXT. THE HINDENBURG - DAY - MATTE AND MINIATURE 362
text: Her starboard landing line smacks onto the wet sandy ground.
text: The ship hangs motionless one hundred feet above and two
text: hundred yards short of the mast. The port line drops.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON LINESMEN 363
text: Several linesmen break ranks, grab the ropes, connect them
text: to larger guy lines which in turn are hauled toward the two
text: cars on the circular tracks.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON ROSENDAHL AND TRUSCOTT 364
text: watching from the foot of the mast. The clock on the weather
text: sign in the b.g. shows 7:17:45.
dialog: TRUSCOTT. |
dialog: Beautiful. Level as a board.
dialog: Pruss is showing us how.
speaker_heading: ROSENDAHL
dialog: — This high landing's not Lehmann's
dialog: idea, I'll guarantee that.
scene_heading: EXT. HINDENBURG - DAY - CLOSE ON BOW - MINIATURE 365
text: A steel cable begins winding down from the ‘nose.
dialog: : : * :
dialog: . ,
scene_heading: INT. THE HULL - DAY - STERN END OF LOWER CATWALK . 366
text: Kessler reaches the last few freight rooms. He flings open
text: the canvas curtain across a room entrance.
scene_heading: ANGLE PAST KESSLER - TWO BIG X-RAY MACHINES 367
text: in slatted crates fill the room -- no Boerth. He plunges on
text: to the next room, rips aside the curtain, and bursts into:
speaker_heading: IN
speaker_heading: Ss
speaker_heading: 368
speaker_heading: 369
speaker_heading: 370
speaker_heading: “371
dialog: 
speaker_heading: #02075 115
scene_heading: INT. THE FREIGHT ROOM - DAY 368
text: Vogel spins around. A badly mauled Boerth lies next to the
text: dog in her wicker cage. His arms are tied behind his back,
text: his eyes closed, his mouth bleeding, his face a mass of cuts.
text: - The dog is frantic, scratching at the bars.
dialog: s
scene_heading: ANGLE ON KESSLER 369
text: looking murderously from Boerth to the dog to:
speaker_heading: VOGEL : 370
text: holding both the handleless knife and Knorr's stolen knife.
text: He steps between Kessler and Boerth, gesturing with Knorr's
dialog: knife.
speaker_heading: VOGEL
dialog: Out, Kessler. I've taken over.
text: Kessler lunges. Vogel thrusts with the knife, slashing
text: Kessler's outstretched arm. Almost at the same time Vogel
text: brings up the handleless knife, nicking Kessler's cheek.
text: Kessler smashes him on the jaw. The knives go flying and
text: Vogel drops.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON KESSLER : 371
text: Without a second look at Vogel, he squats beside” Boerth and
text: shakes him gently.
dialog: a-
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: Boerth. | . see
text: No reaction. Kessler glances at his watch, shakes him harder.
speaker_heading: KESSLER
dialog: (tremendous urgency)
dialog: Boerth, it's Kessler.
text: Boerth opens his swollen eyes.
speaker_heading: , KESSLER
dialog: For God's sake, Boerth, it's 7:20.
dialog: Where's the bomb?
speaker_heading: BOERTH
dialog: (half-conscious)
dialog: Not my knife....
text: Kessler picks up Knorr's knife nearby, cuts Boerth's ropes.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: . fw
speaker_heading: 371
speaker_heading: ru
dialog: o
speaker_heading: —
dialog: 372
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 373
dialog: 
speaker_heading: #02075 116
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 371
speaker_heading: KESSLER
text: There's less than ten minutes left.
dialog: They'll all die. Where's the.
dialog: bomb, Boerth? :
speaker_heading: BOERTH
dialog: (very groggy)
text: Repair...patch...patch...four.
text: Kessler looks from him to the knife, eyes widening slightly.
scene_heading: INT. THE CHANNINGS' CABIN - DAY 372
text: Bess Channing talks to Flakus who stands in the doorway. °
speaker_heading: BESS
dialog: «+.Make sure the dog is unloaded
dialog: as soon as we land.
dialog: (tipping him)
dialog: Here's a little extra for you.
dialog: You've been a doll.
speaker_heading: FLAKUS
dialog: (leaving money
dialog: ” on desk; exiting)
dialog: Thanks anyway, Mrs. Channing. I
dialog: like dogs.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE : ’ ‘ . 373
text: Reed packs a suitcase on the settee while Spah tries to show
dialog: him: a sketch. -
speaker_heading: SPAH
dialog: It's the set for my Zeppelin act.
dialog: I had better ones, but they disappeared
dialog: from my cabin. Somebody's trying to
dialog: steal my act, that's how good it is.
speaker_heading: CHANNING *
dialog: > (clearing throat)
dialog: Joe, I have to be honest with you.
dialog: It isn't right for my show.
speaker_heading: SPAH
dialog: (crestfallen)
dialog: You don't go for it, huh?
speaker_heading: CHANNING
dialog: Sorry.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
speaker_heading: fw #02075 117
speaker_heading: 373 CONTINUED 373
dialog: o)
speaker_heading: SPAH
dialog: Yeah...
dialog: (leaving)
dialog: Well, I guess it's good enough for
dialog: the circus, anyway.
speaker_heading: CHANNING
dialog: (extending a drawing)
dialog: Joe, you forgot this one.
speaker_heading: SPAH
dialog: (taking it)
dialog: It's just a drawing I made of that
dialog: goofy rainbow for my kids.
speaker_heading: . , BESS
dialog: (interested)
dialog: How many children do you have?
speaker_heading: SPAH
dialog: Three. One seven, one four and a
dialog: baby boy who's gonna be an acrobat.
dialog: Believe you me we got circus enough
dialog: at home.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BESS
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Reed, I'd like to see Joe's act.
speaker_heading: CHANNING,
dialog: (Looking at her)
dialog: Then we'll have to give Joe an audi-
dialog: tion next week, won’t we, little
dialog: mother? . . a
speaker_heading: BESS.
dialog: That's. right, sugar.
speaker_heading: SPAH
dialog: . : That's great. D'you mean it?
dialog: * (impulsively handing *
dialog: & her drawing) :
dialog: * Here, Mrs. Channing. .You take this
dialog: home to your kids. A souvenir of
dialog: the trip.
scene_heading: 374 EXT. LAKEHURST - DAY - A SHACK AT EDGE OF AIRFIELD 374
text: Radio Announcer Herb Morrison, a slight middle-aged man with
text: a dry mid-western accent, talks into a mike, watching the
text: Hindenburg o.s. His nearby station wagon is marked: WLS
text: CHICAGO, “THE PRAIRIE FARMER STATION." His engineer watches
text: from the doorway of the shack.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
scene_heading: ~ fw #02075 118 Rev. 4/22/74
scene_heading: a 374 CONTINUED . 374
speaker_heading: ~ . MORRISON
text: The ship is standing still now --
text: everything seems remarkably still.
scene_heading: 375 HIS POINT OF VIEW - THE HINDENBURG - MATTE 375,
text: almost motionless near the mast.
scene_heading: MORRISON'S VOICE .
text: She hovers. just. short. of the mast,
dialog: waiting for her nose cone to be
text: connected. up. A great floating
dialog: palace...o
scene_heading: 376 CLOSE ON MORRISON = 376
speaker_heading: MORRISON :
text: It's 7:22 Eastern Standard Time and
text: the great lady is twelve hours late.
scene_heading: Taal 377 INT.. HINDENBURG - DAY ~- SMOKING ROOM : 377
text: C “ Douglas is’drunk, a nearly empty pitcher of martinis at hand.
speaker_heading: SCHULZ
dialog: Please, Mr. Douglas, you have to
dialog: leave now. I'm closing up.
speaker_heading: DCUGLAS (X)
dialog: So we're finally landing. That —,
text: calls.for a drink.
dialog: (filling glass)
dialog: I shoulda taken a rowboat.
dialog: >
scene_heading: 377-A INT. LOUNGE - DAY / . 377-2
text: ‘With everyone on the promenade decks now, the lounge is empty
text: except for Kirsch. At the table he puts papers in a brief
text: case and starts to leave. The Countess catches him.
speaker_heading: COUNTESS
dialog: Kirsch. In all that nonsense I
dialog: forgot to fill out a landing card.
speaker_heading: KIRSCH
dialog: See, it was just like I told you,
dialog: Countess. I knew you’d get back
dialog: your passport.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: fw #02075 119
scene_heading: 377-A CONTINUED 377-.
speaker_heading: oY
dialog: )
speaker_heading: COUNTESS
text: Colonel Kessler is taking care of it.
speaker_heading: KIRSCH
dialog: (digging out papers) .
dialog: Here we are -- and this one is the
dialog: customs form.
scene_heading: 378 INT, THE HULL - DAY - MIDDLE CATWALK - AFT . 378
text: Neuhaus stands in front. of Gas Cell IV. Engineer Sauter,
text: appears on the stairs from the fin.
speaker_heading: SAUTER
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: We've got a jammed cable. Bear a
dialog: hand.
text: Neuhaus runs down the stairs.
scene_heading: 379 REVERSE ANGLE - KESSLER . , 379
text: am Gripping the knife, Kessler scrambles up a ladder to the
text: C ae middle catwalk. He jumps to the rope netting surrounding
text: gas bag IV.
scene_heading: 380. CLOSE ANGLE ON KESSLER | sos _ 380
dialog: ‘
text: He works his way around the drooping folds, pulling them open
text: for a better view. He darts a look at his watch.
scene_heading: 381 INSERT WATCH: 7223 381
scene_heading: 382 DOWN ANGLE PAST - KESSLER 3820
text: ,He tugs om a loose fold and finds what he's looking for -- the
text: repair patch. He climbs a few feet lower and slashes it ~
text: open with the knife.
scene_heading: 383 TIGHT ON KESSLER 383
text: He feels inside the slit, grimaces, and pulls out the lethal
text: device -- the knife handle bomb. It takes him a few seconds
dialog: et] to discover how to slide up the panel. With inward terror
text: but steady hands, he probes into the mechanism.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CO
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: “ co
speaker_heading: 384
dialog: +385
speaker_heading: 386
speaker_heading: 387
speaker_heading: 391
dialog: 392
speaker_heading: 393
speaker_heading: 394
dialog: -
speaker_heading: #02075 120
scene_heading: BIG CLOSEUP - THE EXPOSED WORKS OF THE BOMB 384
text: His finger carefully moves the red detonation needle forward
dialog: from 7:30.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - KESSLER . 385
text: relieved. He checks his watch.
scene_heading: INSERT WATCH: 7:24 386
scene_heading: EXT. WEATHER EMPLACEMENT - DAY 387
text: The wind reading on the weather sign jumps from SW ll KTS to
text: 16, the gusts section always remaining dark. The clock changes
text: from 7:24:55 to 7:25:00.
dialog: . * 388
speaker_heading: OMITTED ° and
speaker_heading: 389
scene_heading: INT. HULL - DAY - CLOSE ON KESSLER AT GAS BAG 390
text: Examining the bomb in his hand, he slides the cover panel
text: closed and compares the two handles. He grimaces in admira-
text: tion. Only now do his hands tremble slightly. He sees some-
text: thing from the corner of his eye -- and turns.
scene_heading: DOWN ANGLE - TOWARD LOWER: CATWALK , 391
text: Vogel, slack-jawed, his mouth bloody, comes along the catwalk
dialog: -- and stops.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - KESSLER . 392
text: exchanging a long hard look with Vogel. Kessler, finally
text: récognized for what he truly is, and in all rather pleased to
dialog: have it so, almost smiles. °
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP - VOGEL 393
text: The shock of recognition on his face turns to something far
dialog: grimmer.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON KESSLER 394
text: Suddenly the bomb in Kessler's hand goes off with a flash and
text: a pop, followed by a noise -- a whoomph -- like the lighting
text: of a big kitchen gas range.
speaker_heading: cc
dialog: a 395
speaker_heading: 396
speaker_heading: 397
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 399
dialog: 400
dialog: 
dialog: 401
speaker_heading: #02075 121
scene_heading: ANGLE TOWARD KESSLER. 395
text: The initial three-foot diameter of a brilliant flare.inside
text: the cell is remarkably well-defined. It blossoms. Kessler,
text: as though suspended in space, appears at the center of the
text: ball of flame.
scene_heading: QUICK CUTS OF KESSLER 396
text: A. FULL FIGURE as though surrounded by sunrise.
dialog: .
text: B. CLOSE ON HIS FACE registering astonishment.
text: C. CLOSEUP: HIS EYES reflecting a dazzle of colors and a
dialog: range of emotions.
speaker_heading: EXPLOSION
text: The sound has the quality of enormous muffled force.
scene_heading: KESSLER AND THE ENTIRE GAS CELL IV “397
dialog: disappear.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON VOGEL , 398
text: hurled backwards. Molten aluminum, sizzling wires, burning
text: fabric fill the air. .
scene_heading: EXT. SHACK AT EDGE OF AIRFIELD - DAY . 399
text: Morrison, surrounded by.a gagglé of radio fans, moves forward
text: from the shack as he talks into the mike.
speaker_heading: MORRISON
text: The sun is striking the windows of
text: the observation deck and sparkling
dialog: like glittering jewels. This great
dialog: floating palace --
dialog: (long beat)
dialog: Oh, oh, oh:
scene_heading: EXT. THE HINDENBURG - DAY - STOCK 400
text: - A plume of flame bursts from the top of the ship.
scene_heading: MOMENTARY FREEZE, THEN CUT TO
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL GONDOLA - DAY 401
text: The ship gives a lurch. Lehmann, turning from the instruments,
text: looks quizzically at Pruss by the window. “
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: cy
speaker_heading: CD
speaker_heading: cc
dialog: 401
dialog: 402
speaker_heading: 403
speaker_heading: 404
dialog: 405
speaker_heading: 406
speaker_heading: 407
speaker_heading: #02075 122
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 401
speaker_heading: PRUSS
dialog: (wonder, then
dialog: wrath)
dialog: No...no!
scene_heading: EXT. AIRFIELD - DOWN SHOT 402
text: A red glow spreads on the ground; people stare up transfixed.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON WEATHER EMPLACEMENT 403
text: tinged red. The clock shows 7:25:05.
scene_heading: EXT. TOP OF MAST - DAY - CLOSE ON KIRBY 404
text: atop the mast, bawling through a megaphone:
speaker_heading: . KIRBY
dialog: Run....
scene_heading: DOWN ANGLE ON. LINESMEN 405
text: In the brightening glare, some of the linesmen bolt.
speaker_heading: BOSUN HOBAN
dialog: (£oghorn voice)
dialog: - Stand fast!
scene_heading: ANGLE ON ROSENDAHL . : 406
dialog: running toward ship o.s.
speaker_heading: ROSENDAHL
dialog: Get the people cut of there.
dialog: (pointing back)
text: Pire extinguishers.
dialog: > >
dialog: ‘- . on
scene_heading: INT, THE HINDENBURG - DAY - "A" DECK PROMENADE 407
text: Passengers crowd the observation windows: Breslau; Irene,
text: wearing white gloves and holding a picture hat; the two boys
text: in Buster Brown suits; the sweet-faced old lady carrying a
text: carpetbag; and others. With a muffled thump the ship shudders
text: and tilts sharply aft. The passengers are tumbled down the
text: slanted deck, piling on top of each other, shouting, screaming,
text: the dining salon furniture crashing into them.
speaker_heading: QU
dialog: 
speaker_heading: cc
speaker_heading: 408
speaker_heading: 409
dialog: 410
speaker_heading: 411
dialog: and
speaker_heading: 412
speaker_heading: 413
speaker_heading: 414
dialog: 415
speaker_heading: 416
dialog: #02075 . 123
scene_heading: CLOSE ON SWEET-FACED OLD LADY’ 408
text: as the contents of her carpetbag spill out -- stationery,
dialog: Hindenburg towel, silverware, etc.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON IRENE, BRESLAU AND TWO BOYS 409
text: pinned to a banquette. Breslau crawls from the struggling
dialog: mass. :
speaker_heading: BRESLAU
dialog: Stay with the boys, Irene.
scene_heading: INT. SMOKING ROOM - DAY - ANGLE ON DOUGLAS 410
text: Clutching his glass, he sprawls on the slanted floor.
speaker_heading: DOUGLAS
dialog: (thickly)
dialog: Some landing.
speaker_heading: SCHULZ' VOICE
dialog: Fire....
text: Douglas tries to get to his feet but is too drunk. He falls
dialog: back. “
dialog: . 411
speaker_heading: OMITTED - ~ . and
dialog: . 4 412
scene_heading: EXT. LANDING CIRCLE - DAY - WIDE ANGLE - SHOOTING DOWN 413
text: Sailors and civilians scatter wildly. -People, cars, the mast,
text: the ground, light up in the glow.
scene_heading: INT. PASSAGEWAY AND STAIRS ON "A" DECK ~- DAY 414
text: Stewardess Imhof runs with 4 pile of bedclathes in her arms.
text: Channing and Bess dash from their cabin. - They are, blocked by
text: a wall of flame erupting on the staircase. Channing grabs a
text: blanket from Imhof who stands rigid, staring.
scene_heading: INT. THE BOW - DAY 415
text: Fire funnels through the interior. The flames spurt as from
text: a blowtorch toward:
scene_heading: THE NOSE CONE CREW 416
text: high on the rigger's shelf. Two men dive out a window in the
text: nose. Chief Knorr hoists himself up onto a girder.
dialog: 
dialog: ca
speaker_heading: 418
speaker_heading: 419
dialog: 420
speaker_heading: 421
dialog: 422
speaker_heading: 423
dialog: 
speaker_heading: #02075 ; 124
scene_heading: DOWN ANGLE ON STAIRS . 417
text: With the bow pointing higher and higher, the twelve men on
text: the steep stairs can't hold their footing. They hang on to
text: ‘overhead hand grips and dangle like partridges over a barbe-
dialog: que pit -- Ludecke, Chef Mueller, Navigator von Baurer,
text: others. One by one they start to let go.
scene_heading: EXT. WEATHER EMPLACEMENT - DAY 418
text: The clock reads: 7:25:10. The steam whistle blasts out an
dialog: emergency signal: two long and two short (throughout the
dialog: sequence it continues in b.g.).
scene_heading: EXT. THE HINDENBURG - DAY - STOCK 419
text: A monstrous torch against the sky....
scene_heading: MOMENTARY FREEZE, THEN CUT TO
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL GONDOLA - DAY : 420
text: Dimmler, gaping out the windows, moves to a panel of switches.
speaker_heading: ‘ PRUSS
dialog: (stopping him)
dialog: Don't drop ballast. Let the stern
dialog: fall...give them a chance to get
dialog: out back there. °
speaker_heading: ’
scene_heading: INT. THE TAIL - DAY . : 421
text: The top of the cavernous fin is a ceiling of flame. Neuhaus
text: pulls open a hatch in the floor, hangs from the rim and drops.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 422
scene_heading: INT. OFFICERS' MESS - DAY . 423
text: “speck kicks at the window. - ‘Nothing. The Countess, in her
text: white cape, carrying a vanity case, rushes in. . She bashes
text: the isinglass with the case. The window goes out but the
text: case bursts open, spilling jewelry. She has difficulty
text: climbing out.
speaker_heading: COUNTESS
dialog: Help me, Speck.
text: Speck pushes her aside and plunges out the window. She watches
text: him fall, her eyes widening in horror.
dialog: of
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: «cc
speaker_heading: 424
dialog: 425
speaker_heading: 426
dialog: » 427
speaker_heading: 428
speaker_heading: 429
dialog: 
speaker_heading: #02075 125
scene_heading: HER POINT OF VIEW TOWARD GROUND 424
text: Sixty feet below Speck lies spread-eagied on a funeral pyre.
text: In the b.g. a photographer keeps clicking away.
dialog: ¢
scene_heading: ANGLE ON COUNTESS . , 425
text: Sparks fly through the window. She backs away. Pulling the
text: hood of her cape over her head, she runs out.
scene_heading: EXT. THE LANDING CIRCLE - DAY - SHOOTING DOWN : 426
text: Sounds. of horror everywhere...a phantasmagoria of action.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 427
scene_heading: INT. AN OBSERVATION WINDOW OPPOSITE WRITING ROOM - DAY 428
text: Breslau struggles to open the window. Beside him Mildred sobs
text: hysterically. The writing room behind them is in flames. He
dialog: gets the window opén.
speaker_heading: BRESLAU
dialog: Jump, Mildred. ~
speaker_heading: MILDRED
dialog: (recoiling)
dialog: I can't, I can't.
text: He grabs her, slaps her, forces her back to the window. °
dialog: 2
speaker_heading: ; BRESLAU _
dialog: It's your only chance, Mildred.
dialog: Jump.
text: Paralyzed with fear, she holds on to the window. He pushes
text: her out. ‘The window slams shut behind her. He tries to open
text: . it again but can't. Flames roar out from the waiting room and -
dialog: engylf him.
scene_heading: EXT. THE HINDENBURG - DAY - STOCK : 429
text: Her flaming stern is almost to the ground, her bow hundreds
text: of feet in the air...Figures catapult from her.
scene_heading: MOMENTARY FREEZE, THEN CUT TO
scene_heading: INT. SHOWER ROOM ON "B" DECK - DAY 430
text: Cabin Boy Flakus lunges into the passengers' shower room,
text: into the shower, turns it on. No water...Flames leap into
text: the room. Frantically he pulls the shower door shut. Over-
text: come by heat, he slides to the floor which collapses. He
text: drops from sight.
dialog: 
dialog: . Sr
dialog: 430-A
speaker_heading: 431
dialog: 432
speaker_heading: 433
speaker_heading: 434
dialog: 435
dialog: 436
speaker_heading: 437
dialog: 
speaker_heading: #02075 126
scene_heading: GROUND BENEATH SHIP - DAY.- ANGLE ON FLAKUS 430-A
text: stunned on the ground. 0.s. above a water tank bursts, delug-
text: ing him. Revived, he scrambles clear of the flaming wreck.
scene_heading: INT. THE "KENNEL" FREIGHT ROOM - DAY 431
text: Boerth crawls through smoke to the wicker cage and releases the
text: frantically barking dog. Flames break through the wall. The
text: floor gives way.
scene_heading: EXT. WEATHER EMPLACEMENT - DAY , 432
text: Under a swirl of sparks, the clock shows 7:25:15.
scene_heading: EXT. THE LANDING CIRCLE - DAY - STOCK . 433
text: The ship's stern crashes on the edge of the mooring circle.
scene_heading: . MOMENTARY FREEZE, THEN CUT TO
scene_heading: INT. "B" PASSAGEWAY - DAY 434
text: Arm in arm, Pajetta, Napier and the Countess move along the
text: slanted passage through smoke and occasional flame. Napier
text: hugs the backgammon board. Pajetta taps exploringly with his
text: cane at the obscured floor. A cracking sound...The smoke
text: partially clears. Before them the debarkation stairway, burned
text: from its fitting, falis into place on the ground. Unsurprised
dialog: by this stroke of luck, Napier gestures “after you" to the . .
text: Countess. He and Pajetta hurry behind her down the stairs.
scene_heading: EXT. LANDING CIRCLE - DAY - CLOSE ON .ROSENDAHL 435
text: advancing on the ship's glowing skeleton with a fire extin-
text: guisher. The intense heat forces him back.
scene_heading: ANGLE PAST ROSENDAHL oo - . 436
text: A figure darts from the wreckage only to be knocked down by
text: a tongue of flame. Helplessiy Rosendahl watches the man get
text: up, stagger a few feet, and fall. Then he crawls desperately
text: a few more feet, wilts, and lies still. Rosendahl forces him-
text: self within range of the victim, sprays the extinguisher in
text: front of him sending up biack smoke.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE 437
text: The man struggles up and runs through the smoke to Rosendahl
text: who grabs him and guides him to a sailor.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: sr
speaker_heading: 437
speaker_heading: 438
speaker_heading: 439
dialog: 440
speaker_heading: 441
dialog: and
speaker_heading: 442
speaker_heading: 443
speaker_heading: 444
speaker_heading: #02075 127
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 437
speaker_heading: ROSENDAHL
dialog: Take care of him. He can't talk,
text: His jaw looks broken.
text: As the sailor helps the man off he turns: Vogel.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON REED AND BESS CHANNING . 438
text: Below the burning ship, the blanket around them, they are
text: trapped in a circle of debris. A heat-warped frame in front
text: of them suddenly curves away at the center. Channing jumps
text: through it, reaches back and pulls Bess out. Enveloped in
text: black oil clouds, he lets go of her-to pry open white-hot
text: wires with his bare hands. .
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE - . 439
text: Channing turns, tucks her arm under his, and runs with her.
scene_heading: CLOSE TWO-SHOT - 440
text: as they come to a stop safely beyond the inferno. Sobbing,
text: she goes into his arms. His hands on her back are badly burned.
speaker_heading: 441
speaker_heading: OMITTED and
dialog: . 442
scene_heading: EXT. HINDENBURG - DAY: - ANGLE ON IRENE, PAUL AND PETER 443
text: Twenty feet above the ground, Irene and her brothers stand in
text: a gaping hole in the ship's side (which was part-of "A" deck).
text: Sparks and burning linen swirl around them. Still wearing the
text: white gloves, Irene clutches her hat. Lt. Truscott and Bosun
text: Hoban rush up beneath them.
speaker_heading: TRUSCOTT
dialog: Jump, baby, jump.
dialog: * :
speaker_heading: : . HOBAN : ‘
dialog: c'mon, boys. “
text: Irene's hat ignites. She screams and jumps with her clothes
text: on fire. Truscott catches her. Beating out her clothes, he
text: drags her to safe ground. Some of her hair has been burned
text: off, but she is otherwise unhurt.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON HOBAN AND BRESLAU BOYS 444
speaker_heading: HOBAN
dialog: You're scared.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: oN
dialog: No
dialog: 
speaker_heading: XQ
dialog: - Sr
speaker_heading: 444
speaker_heading: 445
speaker_heading: 446
speaker_heading: 447
speaker_heading: 448
speaker_heading: 449
dialog: 450
speaker_heading: 451
dialog: e
dialog: 
speaker_heading: #02075 128
speaker_heading: CONTINUED . 444
speaker_heading: HOBAN (Cont'd)
dialog: (pretending to go)
text: Two yellow-bellies.
text: Paul jumps. Catching him, Hoban throws the boy like the hammer
text: at a track meet. The ship's.side crumbles and Peter drops to
text: the ground. Hoban dives after him, picks him up and makes a
text: broken field run to safety. Nearby, Paul dazedly gets up.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BOERTH 445
text: beneath the Zeppelin, pinned down by blackened beams across
text: his legs, watching...He lies back, closes his eyes, unable to
text: bear more. Abruptly, he disappears under a flaming mass of
text: molten metal.
scene_heading: EXT. WEATHER EMPLACEMENT -. DAY 446
text: As the steam whistle blasts away, the clock shows 7:25:20. The
text: wind reading suddenly goes out. Simultaneously the gust sec-
text: tion activates, showing 24 KTS.
scene_heading: EXT. HINDENBURG - DAY - STOCK 447
text: The bow strikes ground, and bounces up again into the sky.
scene_heading: > MOMENTARY FREEZE, THEN CUT TO
scene_heading: EXT, BEHIND LANDING MAST - DAY - ANGLE ON NEWSREEL MEN "448
text: Atop their cars they swing their cameras on the same point.
scene_heading: EXT. HINDENBURG - DAY - CLOSE ANGLE ON SPAH ON THE BOW 449
text: With one arm Spah hangs onto a window ledge, pulling off his
text: smouldering coat with the other. The ledge begins to buckle.
scene_heading: SPAH'S ANGLE TOWARD GROUND : : 450
text: a hundred feet below.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON SPAH . 451
text: The partially wound-down mooring cable at the nose swings by
text: like a pendulum. The window ledge collapses into a V about
text: to break in two. The mooring cable sweeps back. Spah grabs it.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: sr
speaker_heading: 452
speaker_heading: 453
speaker_heading: 454
speaker_heading: 455
speaker_heading: 456
speaker_heading: 457
speaker_heading: 458
dialog: 
speaker_heading: #02075 129
scene_heading: NEW ANGLE ON SPAH 452
text: riding the cable in space. He slides down the swaying fifty-
text: foot length and -hangs there watching the ground come up. From
text: a height of ten yards he lets go.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON SPAH ‘ 453
text: as he lands with his feet under him and his knees bent. When
text: he hits, he rolls over, jumps up and runs from beneath the
text: flaming derelict, dusting his hands. :
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE - SPAH'S FAMILY : 454
text: Running to him are two small kids and his wife carrying a baby.
text: Spah opens his arms and gathers them in.
scene_heading: EXT. UNDERCARRIAGE OF CONTROL GONDOLA - DAY 455
text: ‘The big landing wheel hits the sand. Fried and smoking, the
text: rubber tire squashes.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL GONDOLA - DAY 456
text: Lehmann and Pruss are alone in it. The back end of the gondola
text: is wide open, burned away.
speaker_heading: PRUSS
dialog: . (as she hits)
dialog: Now.
scene_heading: EXT. CONTROL GONDOLA - DAY - ANGLE ON PRUSS. AND LEHMANN 457
text: As. they fling themselves to the ground, wreckage from the
text: disintegrating gondola crashes around them. Pruss .runs through
text: the glowing metal.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE ON PRUSS eT : 458
text: He stops and waits for Lehmann. Pruss, his face scorched and
text: black with smoke, is shaken and bewildered. Lehmann's stocky
text: figure comes out of the flames. He appears calm -- almost
text: remote -- and apparently unhurt. Rosendahl hurries up.
scene_heading: ROSENDAHL AND PRUSS
dialog: (at the same time)
dialog: What caused it, Ernst?...What was
dialog: it, Ernst?
dialog: sr
speaker_heading: 459
dialog: ao
dialog: SS
dialog: 460
speaker_heading: 461
dialog: ch 462
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: #02075 130
scene_heading: ANGLE FAVORING LEHMANN 459
text: He takes each by the arm, turning his back on the wreckage as
text: though to start a quiet chat. He goes a few steps between his
text: two friends and pitches forward on his face. His back looks
text: as if it had been burned by an acetylene torch.
scene_heading: EXT. WEATHER EMPLACEMENT - DAY 460
text: The clock reads 7:25:25 and changes to 7:25:30.
scene_heading: EXT. AIRFIELD - DAY - ANGLE ON NAPIER, PAJETTA, AND COUNTESS 461
text: stumbling away from disaster. Escorted between the two men,
text: the Countess lowers the hood of her charred and smoking cape,
text: peering around for her daughter. Napier and Pajetta, singed
text: ‘like a couple of scarecrows caught in a cornfield fire, still
text: clutch backgammon board and cane. Napier spots someone o.s.
text: and nudges Pajetta. They veer off, leaving the Countess flat.
speaker_heading: COUNTESS vo
dialog: (astonished; calling)
dialog: Wait...Thank you.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON DETECTIVES MOORE AND GRUNBERGER . 462
text: descending on Napier and Pajetta.
speaker_heading: MOORE
dialog: (warmly)
dialog: Major, Emilio...I was afraid your
dialog: luck had run out.
speaker_heading: GRUNBERGER
dialog: It's a miracle anyone's alive.
text: Pajetta tries to keep his scorched cane out of sight.
speaker_heading: . NAPIER .
dialog: . . (hiding back- . .
dialog: gammon board)* - : . :
dialog: Decent of you chaps to come down
dialog: to meet us.
speaker_heading: MOORE
dialog: (amazed at their
dialog: cool) ‘
dialog: By damn...Get outa here. Take care
dialog: of yourselves.
dialog: (starting off}
dialog: Grunberger, I'm putting out a five-
dialog: two-nine.
text: Napier and Pajetta hustle away.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: sr
speaker_heading: 463
speaker_heading: 464
speaker_heading: 465
speaker_heading: 465-A
speaker_heading: 465-B
speaker_heading: 465-C
speaker_heading: 466
dialog: 
dialog: #02075 . 131 .
scene_heading: CLOSE ON COUNTESS. ~ 463
text: watching them a moment, then turning to stare bleakly at:
scene_heading: THE WRECK OF THE HINDENBURG - DAY - STOCK 464
text: The Zeppelin is now completely down, hydrogen consumed, send-
text: ing up black clouds -- a stripped, glowing skeleton.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON COUNTESS 465
text: numb, her face a mask. With a shudder she pulls her tattered:
text: cape around her and moves away, anxiously scanning the by-
dialog: standers.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON TRUDI 465-A
text: frantic, nearly out of her mind, darting. this way, then that.
text: She stops, buries her face in her hands and sobs.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON COUNTESS 465-B
text: as she sees her daughter; reacting.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE - INCLUDING COUNTESS AND TRUDI 465-C
text: The Countess runs toward her, shouting.
speaker_heading: COUNTESS
dialog: Trudi, Trudi...my darling. It's
dialog: mother. :
text: The sobbing child, unable to hear, doesn't move or look up.
text: Reaching her, the Countess throws her arms around her.”
text: CLOSE ON BOW a 466.
text: where the last section.of fabric remains. Letter by letter,
text: the flames quickly devour the name HINDENBURG. The shriek of
text: the steam whistle o.s. stops. In abrupt silence:
scene_heading: LONGER FREEZE, THEN CUT TO
scene_heading: EXT. THE REMAINS OF THE HINDENBURG - ANOTHER DAY - MATTE 467
text: A brilliant morning...A cordon of Marines is stationed around
text: the carcass of the Hindenburg. A group of investigative officers,
text: including Detectives Moore and Grunberger, sift through the
dialog: rubble.
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: tkb
speaker_heading: 468
speaker_heading: 469
dialog: 470.
speaker_heading: #02075 132
scene_heading: EXT. BASE OF LANDING MAST = DAY - ANGLE ON SEVEN MEN 468
text: in conference at the landing mast. They are German Ambassador
text: Luther, a Luftwaffe General, a USAAF General, a Dept. of
text: Commerce Official, Dr. Eckener, Commander Rosendahl, and
text: Captain Pruss, his head, neck and one hand in bandages.
scene_heading: CLOSE ANGLE ON INVESTIGATORS - 469
text: among the rubble.. They pry open the ship's tin strongbox
text: and discover it contains only ashes. They continue to prowl.
text: Grunberger finds a shard of china bearing the Zeppelin crest,
text: and slips it into his pocket.
speaker_heading: _ NARRATOR'S VOICE
dialog: Thirteen passengers,. twenty-two
dialog: members of the crew, and one Navy
dialog: linesman dead.
dialog: (a beat) 2
dialog: -- On May 12, the day of the
dialog: Coronation in London, the United
dialog: States Department of Commerce began ~°
dialog: a thorough investigation of the
dialog: Hindenburg disaster. For three
dialog: weeks a Board of Inquiry heard
dialog: testimony from all qualified wit-
text: nesses. The twenty-three surviving
dialog: “passengers had no real information
dialog: te communicate. The thirty-nine
dialog: surviving crew members added little
dialog: more.
text: A murmur, as though coming from a great distance -- faint,
text: eerie, indecipherable except for a few words -- can be
text: detected under the Narrator's voice.
speaker_heading: MURMUR
dialog: «eewhat a sight...thrilling...
dialog: marvelous...dropping ropes....
scene_heading: EXT. AIRFIELD AND SHACK - DAY | . . 470
text: The camera, expléring to find the source of the scarcely
text: audible voice, hovers at the shack in b.g. where Radio
text: Announcer Morrison recorded the tragedy. But the shack and
text: sandy expanse are deserted.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR'S VOICE
dialog: . Marshall Goering and Dr. Goebbels
dialog: had ordered what amounted to per-
dialog: jury at Lakehurst. The New Reich
dialog: could not admit that a Resistance
dialog: -- much less a single saboteur --
dialog: had brought down the great symbol
dialog: of Nazi power.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: tkb #02075 133
scene_heading: 471 ANGLE ON LUTHER, OFFICIAL, TWO GENERALS , ECKENER, PRUSS, 471
speaker_heading: ROSENDAHL .
speaker_heading: O
text: getting into Navy and Dept. of Commerce cars and driving off.
text: ‘The voice from nowhere (heard under Narrator's Voice above)
text: builds a little. Whole phrases can now be distinguished.
speaker_heading: UNKNOWN VOICE
dialog: .«-.Riding majestically toward us
dialog: like some great feather...standing
text: still now...landing ropes picked
text: up...begins to unwind from the nose....
text: Camera tilts up flaring into the sun. Nothing except an azure
text: blue sky and puffy clouds.
speaker_heading: cut TO
scene_heading: 472 EXT. THE SCENE OF THE DISASTER - ANOTHER DAY 472
text: Different now...The bones have been: picked bare. Only flotsam,
text: ashes and dust ‘are left. The last of the fractured aluminum
text: structure -- most of it no bigger than kindling size -- has
text: been loaded onto a scrap metal truck which drives away.
speaker_heading: coon NARRATOR'S VOICE
dialog: ) _The U.S. Department of Commerce
dialog: “ thought. it best to avoid an inter-
dialog: national incident.
text: Now the unknown voice -- Morrison's voice -- comes in quite
text: distinctly under the Narrator.
speaker_heading: MORRISON'S VOICE
text: She's coming toward us, and toward
text: the mooring mast.
text: Camera tilts up to the sky. Music sneaks in. And another
text: sound -- a faint, distant throbbing. dee
scene_heading: + NARRATOR'S VOICE- .
dialog: As a’result, the final report of
dialog: the Board states: ‘Four possible
dialog: theories have been advanced for
dialog: the Hindenburg disaster which
dialog: resulted in the death of thirty-
dialog: six persons.'
text: A contour begins to materialize in the sky...ghostly...a ghost
text: ship (miniature). The music, the throb of diesels, Morrison's
dialog: voice blend.... :
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: oe
dialog: 
speaker_heading: tkb°
dialog: 472
speaker_heading: “473
speaker_heading: 474
speaker_heading: 475
speaker_heading: #02075 134
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: MORRISON'S VOICE
text: The sun is striking the windows
dialog: of the observation deck and spark-
text: ling like glittering jewels. This
dialog: great floating palace ---
text: The ghost ship takes on definition, becoming the Hindenburg.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR'S VOICE
dialog: '...to wit: Structural failure;
dialog: electrostatic conduction; St.
text: Elmojs fire; sabotage. None has
dialog: been proven.'
text: The great silver Zeppelin looms larger.
scene_heading: A SUBLIMINAL FLASH SHOT
text: The Hindenburg bursting into flame.
scene_heading: . ~ NARRATOR'S VOICE
dialog: "We must conclude, therefore, that
dialog: it was an Act of God.'
scene_heading: ANGLE TOWARD SKY - MINIATURE
text: The ship bears down on camera, her engines reyerberating
text: louder and louder....
speaker_heading: MORRISON'S VOICE ~
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: * Oh, oh, oh! It's burst into :
dialog: flames...Get this, Charlie -- Get
dialog: this, Charlie. Get out of ‘the
dialog: way please.
dialog: (wailing) a
dialog: Oh my this is terrible. .Oh my ---
text: The Hindenburg thunders toward camera, the illustrious name
text: gleaming on her bow. ~- .
speaker_heading: . MORRISON'S VOICE
dialog: , : (almost screaming)
text: It's flashing, flashing terrible.
dialog: This is terrible. This is one of
dialog: the worst catastrophes in the world.
dialog: .
scene_heading: CLOSER ON HINDENBURG - MINIATURE
text: Her huge silver bulk, long as a skyborne train, flows past,
text: the boom of her engines shaking the earth.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 472
speaker_heading: 473
speaker_heading: 474
speaker_heading: 475
dialog: 
dialog: tkb #02075 . . 135
speaker_heading: - 475 CONTINUED 475
speaker_heading: MORRISON'S. VOICE
dialog: (wailing)
dialog: Oh the humanity and all the passen-
dialog: gers. I -- I =-- folks. Folks,
dialog: I'm going to have to stop a moment.:
dialog: I can't go on. .
dialog: )
text: But the Hindenburg, now indestructible as dreams, imagination,
text: or the spirit of adventure, sails on past camera.
speaker_heading: 476 REVERSE ANGLE s 476
text: On the Hindenburg as she sails gracefully away, diminishing
text: in the distance.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR'S VOICE
dialog: The fate of the Hindenburg meant
dialog: the end-of the hydrogen flight.
dialog: -But the Zeppelins promised an era
dialog: ef huge merchant airships now just
dialog: ever the horizon.
text: By now the Hindenburg Ys gone. The sky is limitless...Theme
dialog: music builds to:
dialog: 
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: tkb
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: #02075
speaker_heading: APPENDIX
speaker_heading: WINDOW DISPLAY
text: containing a map of the Hindenburg's route marked by a ribbon
text: extended over a big globe; a travel poster bearing the
dialog: legend "2-1/2 Days to Europe;" an oversize ticket with the
dialog: price of the fare beneath it: “One-Way $450.00 -- Round Trip
dialog: $810.00 (double occupancy):" an arrangement of scenic photos
text: taken from the Zeppelin and marked “Wonders of the Hindenburg
text: Plight;" an enlarged facsimile of a menu and a wine list
dialog: labeled “Luxury Hotel Life in the Air;" etc.
speaker_heading: OPTICAL MONTAGE
text: is composed of such contraptions as the Montgolfier balloon
dialog: (1783); Giffard's steam-propelled gas bag (1852); Wolfert's
text: dirigible; Lebaudy's triple cylindroid hull; Andrews' Aereon
dialog: (1866); Renard's electrical airship (1884); Schwartz' rigid
text: monster; the Santos-Dumont dirigibles (1898-1904); as well as
text: flash shots of illustrations from the works of Jules Verne,
dialog: H.G. Wells, Edgar Rice Burroughs, Sci-Fi magazines and Tom
text: Swift's Wonderful Flying Machine.
text: The works of the bomb feature two small needles: .a red
text: detonationneedle which remains stationary when set, and
text: the black timer needle which revolves, bringiing the bomb
text: to the point of detonation.
text: On the narrow gauge circular RR tracks around the mast there
text: are three small flat cars equipped with capstan winches.
text: The guy lines dropped from the dirigible will be tied to
text: wiring lines and then hooked to the capstans.
dialog: 
