dialog: Something Borrowed
dialog: Written by
dialog: Dana Fox
dialog: First Revision
dialog: April 22, 2003
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
text: CLOSE ON A WOMAN’S FACE, BEAUTIFUL AND STRONG. SHE’S CRYING.
scene_heading: INT. KAT’S BEDROOM - NEW YORK CITY - DAY
text: The woman is KAT ELLIS, 30. Tears stream down her face as
text: she sits cross-legged amid the detritus of a packing frenzy.
text: There is an unfortunate green bridesmaid’s dress hanging on
text: the back of the door.
text: Kat’s pain is palpable. She buries her head in her lap.
text: Suddenly, the doorbell RINGS.
text: Kat sits bolt upright, wide eyed. She looks around in
dialog: disbelief. How did this happen? What is she doing on the
dialog: floor?
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: (sweetly)
dialog: Hold on!
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY
text: A BIKE MESSENGER stands outside Kat’s door. He busts a
text: covert ipod dance while he waits.
speaker_heading: KAT (0.S.)
dialog: Coming!
scene_heading: INT. KAT’S FOYER
text: Kat wipes her face and inhales, summoning deep calm.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY
text: The Bike Messenger looks up as the door swings open.
dialog: Kat_is a_ changed woman. Nothing like the girl we saw on the
dialog: floor. You’d never know she had been crying. Or that she
dialog: even knows how.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: I’m so sorry. I wasn’t quite ready
dialog: for you.
text: Kat props the door open with her foot as she slides a plane
text: ticket into an envelope. She scribbles a name on the
text: envelope, seals it, and hands it to him.
speaker_heading: BIKE MESSENGER
dialog: Lady, you said this was a rush. I
dialog: can’t rush anything anywhere if you
dialog: don’t give it to me.
text: Kat looks down at the envelope, she’s still holding on to it.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: It’s a plane ticket.
speaker_heading: BIKE MESSENGER
dialog: So it is.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: For a date.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: For my date. To my sister’s
dialog: wedding. In London.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: He’s never met my family.
speaker_heading: BIKE MESSENGER
dialog: I hear that noise.
text: Kat wills herself to surrender the envelope.
speaker_heading: BIKE MESSENGER (CONT’D)
dialog: You need to let go.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You’re going to have to help me.
text: The Bike Messenger gently tugs the envelope out of her hand.
text: Kat smiles.
speaker_heading: KAT (CONT'D)
dialog: Thank you.
text: The Bike Messenger looks at her with genuine concern.
scene_heading: INT. KAT’S APARTMENT
text: Racing against time, Kat throws open a linen closet to reveal
text: three neat rows of plastic bins, all perfectly labeled. Kat
text: reaches into the bin marked "TRAVEL" and pulls out a pre-
text: packed toiletry kit.
text: Kat pulls a box marked “LONDON” out from underneath her bed.
text: She opens it.
text: Pushing aside an old private school uniform and some letters
text: she pulls out a worn London A-Z, a Ziploc marked “ADAPTERS,”
dialog: and her passport.
text: She’s about to close the box when she sees an old photo. In
text: it, a GORGEOUS GUY kisses Kat on the cheek. He’s holding the
text: camera himself -- it’s blurred and goofy, but full of love.
text: Kat jams it back in the box and shoves it under the bed.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK STREET
text: The Bike Messenger darts in and out of traffic, avoiding the
text: throngs of NEW YORKERS enjoying this crisp fall day.
scene_heading: INT. KAT’S APARTMENT
text: Kat races through her apartment, packing, cleaning, getting
text: ready. Her place is small yet put together. It’s Crate and
text: Barrel meets Martha. But in a good way.
scene_heading: INT. KAT’S BATHROOM
text: Kat, finally still, stares into the mirror as she brushes her
text: teeth. There’s a strange intensity to it, like she’s
text: scrubbing away the last of her distress.
scene_heading: EXT. BROWNSTONE APARTMENT
text: The Bike Messenger passes a waiting Town Car as he pulls up
text: to a stoop. He hefts his bike, runs up the stairs, and slips
text: the envelope into the door of...
scene_heading: INT. BROWNSTONE APARTMENT
text: A tasteful flat. Stylish yet masculine. A MAN stoops to
text: pick up the envelope. We don’t see his face, just his
text: ordered, minimalist apartment as he zips his carry-on and
text: walks out the door.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK STREET
text: His face obscured, the man steps into the purring Town Car.
scene_heading: EXT. KAT’S APARTMENT BUILDING
text: A TAXI DRIVER slams his trunk as Kat gets in. Kat’s
text: apprehensive face peers out the window as they pull away.
scene_heading: INT. JFK AIRPORT
text: A ridiculously long line snakes towards the X-Ray machines.
text: Latte in hand, Kat cuts right through the middle.
text: Irate PASSENGERS scowl at her. Kat does this every day. She
dialog: should be used to the looks by now. She’s not. She
text: pointedly flashes the crowd her AIRPORT EMPLOYEE BADGE as she
text: sails through security.
scene_heading: INT. CUSTOMER SERVICE - JFK AIRPORT
text: Kat enters the Virgin Atlantic customer service hub. It’s as
text: cramped as it is busy. A FEMALE EMPLOYEE approaches with a
text: question. Kat puts up her hand.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: I’m off duty. I do not exist.
dialog: Don’t even look at me.
text: The lady backs off. As Kat hurries away, a HARRIED EMPLOYEE
text: matches her step and launches in.
scene_heading: HARRIED EMPLOYEE
dialog: I’ve got a tour group from Taipei
text: trapped in customs, a dead poodle
text: in Cargo parked at T9, and a lost
text: grandmother staggering around
text: International asking for her mommy.
dialog: Oh, and there’s a guy on two who
dialog: was stuck with his in-laws for a
dialog: week because we couldn’t get him
dialog: out of Dulles. The in-laws aren’t
dialog: speaking to him anymore and, for
dialog: some reason, he’s pissed.
text: Kat’s trying not to get sucked in.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: I would love to help you.
dialog: Sincerely. But my sister’s getting
dialog: married this weekend, I haven’t
dialog: seen my family in two years, and my
text: flight leaves in fifteen minutes.
text: The Harried Employee looks like he’s going to lose it. Kat
text: struggles, then caves.
speaker_heading: KAT (CONT'D)
dialog: You take Taipei. Tammy’s schnauzer
dialog: just had puppies.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: KAT(cont'd)
text: Put her on the dead dog. Park reps
text: with wheelchairs at every john in T8.
dialog: If Grandma just got off a trans-con
dialog: she’s gotta go sometime.
text: Kat starts to walk away.
scene_heading: HARRIED EMPLOYEE
dialog: What about line two?
text: Kat spins around and glares at him.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE - MOMENTS LATER
text: On the phone, Kat is in the middle of saying way too much.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: I completely understand, sir. You
dialog: just want your in-laws to see you
dialog: the way you see yourself. Or at
dialog: least the way you would see
dialog: yourself if you didn’t feel so
text: victimized by them.
text: At that moment, a CLIPBOARD manager walks by. He overhears
text: Kat’s diatribe and is incredulous.
speaker_heading: CLIPBOARD
dialog: Hello? Calls may be monitored for
dialog: quality control?
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: CLIPBOARD
dialog: Over -share!
text: Kat waves him off. Then, by rote:
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Mr. Rajagopal, we regret that you
dialog: were snowed in at Dulles but
dialog: snowstorms fall under a category
dialog: called force majeure. Along with
dialog: earthquakes, hurricanes, and floods.
dialog: In short, we’re not liable.
text: Kat checks to make sure the Clipboard has moved on.
text: she continues, softly but very quickly.
dialog: Then,
speaker_heading: KAT (CONT'D)
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: But just this once, I’m going to
dialog: refund the full price of your
dialog: ticket and credit you 10,000
dialog: frequent flyer miles. Thank you
dialog: for calling Virgin Atlantic!
scene_heading: INT. CABIN - PLANE
text: Kat sits in first class, absently scanning the safety card.
text: A PRETTY WOMAN across the aisle notices and smiles.
speaker_heading: PRETTY WOMAN
dialog: Your first trip?
text: Kat realizes she’s been reading the safety card. She laughs
text: and puts it back in the seat pocket. As she often does, Kat
text: feels compelled to explain.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Hardly. My family moved to England
dialog: when I was fourteen. My stepdad’s
dialog: a professor at University College,
dialog: London.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I’m going back for my sister’s
dialog: wedding...and the best man’s my ex.
dialog: In case I chicken out, I want to
dialog: know where all the exits are.
text: Kat eyes the front door, nervously.
speaker_heading: PRETTY WOMAN
dialog: I don’t believe in marriage. I
dialog: believe in hot sex. Of course,
dialog: that draws men to me like flies to
dialog: shit.
text: Kat doesn’t know what to say, but then a HOT GUY walks up the
text: aisle. Kat looks at the empty seat next to her and smiles at
text: him. He returns the smile but sits next to the Pretty Woman.
speaker_heading: HOT GUY
dialog: Hello, my sweet darling.
text: He gives the Pretty Woman a “madly in love” kiss. The Pretty
dialog: Woman rolls her eyes to Kat -- what did I tell you?
scene_heading: INT. GALLEY - PLANE
text: Kat is hiding out. She tries to calm her nerves as a MALE
text: FLIGHT ATTENDANT pours her a cup of water
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: I’m not a knuckler. I fly all the
dialog: time. In fact, I transferred from
dialog: Heathrow two years ago and now I
dialog: run Bags and Nags here at Kennedy,
dialog: so things are going really well for
dialog: me. The reason I can’t feel my
dialog: legs is that any minute, my date is
dialog: going to walk in that door. And I
dialog: need him to look really, really
dialog: good today.
scene_heading: MALE FLIGHT ATTENDANT
dialog: (not listening)
dialog: I wish I couldn’t feel my legs.
text: Kat peeks around the corner and spots the back of the
text: mysterious MAN from the opening as he loads the overhead bin
text: above Kat’s seat. Kat gasps, ducking back.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Oh, no. He’s here.
text: The Male Flight Attendant looks out at the Man, who leans
text: against Kat’s seat as he chats with a FEMALE FLIGHT
text: ATTENDANT. Kat’s in a panic.
speaker_heading: KAT (CONT'D)
dialog: What do you think? Does he look
dialog: hot, and is it the kinda hot
dialog: that’1l translate overseas?
scene_heading: MALE FLIGHT ATTENDANT
dialog: I resent your stereotyping of a man
dialog: in my profession but...
text: He checks out the guy again.
speaker_heading: MALE FLIGHT ATTENDANT (CONT’D)
dialog: ...darling, he’d be hot on Mars.
dialog: I’d like to unwrap him like a
text: Harrod’s gift basket.
text: Kat smiles, relieved.
scene_heading: INT. CABIN - PLANE
text: The mystery man is NICK MERCER, 32, commanding and classy,
text: yet somehow totally genuine. He carries his ‘40s-crooner
text: good looks like he has no idea that men just aren’t made that
dialog: way anymore.
text: Nick takes two glasses of champagne from the blushing Female
dialog: Flight Attendant.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Thank you, Lisa.
text: He turns around to take his seat and finds Kat standing
text: there, awkwardly.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Hi. Hey.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Kat.
text: Nick kisses Kat warmly on the cheek and hands her a glass of
text: champagne. Nick’s totally at ease. This may as well be a
text: candle-lit bar.
speaker_heading: NICK (CONT'D)
dialog: Let’s sit.
text: Kat awkwardly negotiates her drink as they take their seats.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: I’m glad you found it okay. The
dialog: airport. The plane, I mean.
text: Nick notices Kat’s anxiety, tries to settle her.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I really am sorry I couldn’t leave
dialog: earlier. I know you would have
dialog: loved a few hours to settle in
text: before the party.
text: Kat melts a little. That’s just what she was thinking.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Work must be crazy right now.
text: Nick gives Kat a quizzical look. There’s something going on
text: here. Though it’s not clear what. Kat fills the space.
speaker_heading: KAT (CONT'D)
dialog: I’ve gotta warn you, you know those
dialog: families where everyone’s out of
dialog: their minds but at the end of the
dialog: day, they’re family, so you love
dialog: them?
dialog: (off his nod)
dialog: Mine’s not like that.
text: The Flight Attendant appears with a small tray. Kat notices
text: the woman’s cheeks flush as she fumbles Nick’s drink.
text: Nick smiles warmly, but deftly ends the moment. He’s like a
dialog: famous person who has learned to manage his adoring fans with
dialog: casual grace.
speaker_heading: KAT (CONT'D)
dialog: I love my dad. But since he’s my
dialog: stepdad, he’s technically not
text: family. He’s more like a hostage.
text: Kat tries to find her seat belt. It’s under Nick.
text: She reaches beneath him, tentatively, then pulls back
dialog: embarrassed.
speaker_heading: KAT (CONT'D)
dialog: My seat belt, it’s....
text: Nick pulls out the seat belt and hands it to her. Kat
text: buckles up, checks that it’s snug, then checks again.
text: They sit in silence as the plane starts barreling down the
dialog: runway.
text: As they pick up speed, Nick takes Kat’s hand. She finds
text: comfort in his touch, her need to talk abates momentarily.
text: She is safe.
text: Kat closes her eyes as the plane levels off, then peeks over
text: at Nick, who’s calmly staring out the window. She closes her
text: eyes again, this time for good.
scene_heading: EXT. LONDON - ESTABLISHING - DAY
scene_heading: INT. BAGGAGE CLAIM - HEATHROW
text: Nick and Kat wait at the baggage claim. She looks at his
text: tie, then down at her dress. They are the exact same color.
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: (concerned)
dialog: Please tell me you’re not wearing
dialog: that tonight.
text: Her dress is indeed the exact same color as Nick’s tie.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: It’s no big deal. Really. It just
text: looks like a tailor cut off a yard
dialog: of my dress and made your tie out
dialog: of it.
text: Nick doesn’t get it. He heaves one of Kat’s suitcases onto a
text: trolley full of matching suitcases.
speaker_heading: KAT (CONT'D)
dialog: Don’t get me wrong, matching’s
dialog: fine. It’s “matchy matchy” you’ve
dialog: got to watch out for.
dialog: (re: outfits)
dialog: This is matchy-matchy.
text: Nick, amused, tugs the last of the bags off the carousel and
text: adds it to a pile of what appears to be an entire floor model
text: of matching luggage.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You think we look like we’re trying
dialog: too hard.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Exactly. I want us to look like we
dialog: fit, but not like we’re trying too
dialog: hard to look like we fit.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: It’s welcome cocktails, not prom.
dialog: With this level of matchy-matchy, we
dialog: should be drinking peach schnapps
text: under a bleacher somewhere.
text: Nick laughs at Kat. Then fixes her with an intense stare.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I’1l teach you a trick. If you
dialog: look people in the eye, they’1l
dialog: never even notice what you have on.
text: Kat, overwhelmed by his charisma, is mesmerized.
speaker_heading: NICK (CONT'D)
dialog: What color are my shoes?
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: (dreamily)
dialog: You have feet?
text: Nick smiles sweetly and touches her cheek.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRYSIDE - OUTSIDE LONDON - DAY
text: The Heathrow Express thunders towards London.
scene_heading: INT. HEATHROW EXPRESS - [MOVING] - DAY
text: Nick stands by the W.C., flipping through Cosmo. He can do
text: that without looking gay. He talks to Kat through the door
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I understand how important this is
dialog: to you, but you’re a beautiful
dialog: woman and you’ve got everything in
dialog: the world going for you. I
dialog: couldn’t care less what you have
dialog: on.
text: Kat comes out modeling a black strapless.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Don’t patronize me.
dialog: They’ve clearly been at this a while.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You’re funny.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Yeah, but I feel like crap. And if
dialog: you feel like crap, it’s way better
dialog: to look hot while you’re doing it
text: He checks her out.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Mission accomplished.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Really?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Don’t get too attached.
text: She bolts back to the bathroom, nearly knocking over a ZITTY
text: TEENAGER who’s waiting his turn.
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: ZITTY TEENAGER
dialog: I liked the red one better.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I’1l let her know.
scene_heading: INT. W.C. - HEATHROW EXPRESS
text: Kat, alone in the W.C., meticulously rearranges a layer of
text: paper towel on the floor so she can step out of her shoes.
text: She expertly slides off the first dress while simultaneously
text: pulling another one on -- not an inch of skin shows.
text: She struggles as the train rocks back and forth.
speaker_heading: NICK (0.S.)
dialog: (through the door)
dialog: I bet you’re doing that girl thing,
dialog: where you get undressed without
text: showing any skin.
text: Kat looks around suspiciously.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: No, I’m not.
dialog: How’d he know?
scene_heading: INT. HEATHROW EXPRESS - CONTINUOUS
text: Kat emerges from the bathroom wearing the new dress. Nick
dialog: checks it out.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Mmm.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Mmm, nice dress? Or mmm--
dialog: (British accent)
dialog: Gorgeous, I was insane to let you
dialog: go!
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Both.
text: Kat looks to the Zitty Teenager for his opinion.
speaker_heading: ZITTY TEENAGER
dialog: I’d do you.
dialog: (to Nick)
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: ZITTY TEENAGER(cont 'd)
dialog: I mean, if it was all right with
dialog: you.
text: Kat gives the passenger an appreciative smile, then flies
text: back into the bathroom. Nick, amused by her antics, steps
text: closer to the door.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You know, they say you can tell
dialog: everything you need to know about a
dialog: person from the way they act when
text: they’re naked.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: (popping her head out)
dialog: I don’t do naked. My sister? She
dialog: does naked.
text: Kat ducks back into the bathroom.
scene_heading: MUSIC UP. NAKED MONTAGE:
scene_heading: INT. W.C. - HEATHROW EXPRESS
text: Kat pulls her dress over her head.
scene_heading: MATCH CUT TO:
text: ANOTHER WOMAN, PULLING OFF HER DRESS.
scene_heading: INT. AMY’S BATHROOM
text: The woman is Kat’s sister, AMY ELLIS, 28. She graces a bath
text: mat in all her infinite nakedness. Totally nude, she gently
text: places her veil on her head and begins the ablutions of a
text: Greek goddess. A dot of bath oil, a pure white towel, one
text: squirt self-tanner, one squirt lotion.
text: Finally, she pulls out a bottle of olive oil, pours two drops
text: into her hands and rubs them together.
text: Then she stares in the mirror, regarding herself with a look
text: so blank it could be anything from admiration to revulsion.
text: Just then, a KNOCK.
text: The groom, EDWARD FLETCHER-WOOTEN, 31, enters, wearing a
text: robe. He flashes Amy as he does a silly dance then smothers
text: her inside his robe. Amy giggles and tries to break free.
dialog: 14.
text: At first she’s laughing, but then she turns on a dime and
text: shoves him off more forcefully than she meant to.
text: She kisses him on the lips, trying to cover, and shoos him
text: out the door.
scene_heading: INT. BUNNY’S DRESSING ROOM
text: he mother of the bride, BUNNY ELLIS, 60, drops her robe on
text: he floor. She is about to put on a bra when she catches her
text: eflection in a full-length mirror on the door.
speaker_heading: std
text: She is momentarily surprised by what she sees. She turns and
text: faces her image. This is not the woman she is in her head.
text: This is an old woman with uncooperative skin. With one swift
text: movement, she slams the door.
scene_heading: INT. ELLIS HOUSE - ST. JOHN’S WOOD
dialog: 
text: The father of the bride, VICTOR ELLIS, 65, wearing only a
text: pair of socks, walks downstairs. He's completely comfortable
text: in his nakedness and trots around as if he's fully clothed.
text: He sings to himself. The words of the song are
text: incomprehensible but he sings with an unrestrained Sinatra
dialog: sass.
text: Victor enters the kitchen, opens the fridge and starts
text: scrounging. Inside the fridge door, Victor bends over and
text: his bare butt sticks out. As he closes the fridge door, we
dialog: cut to...
text: A SHOWER DOOR SLIDING OPEN.
scene_heading: INT. JEFFREY’S FLAT
text: Inside, the best man, JEFFREY JOHNSON, 31, the guy from the
text: snapshot under Kat’s bed, glistens with a post-shower flush.
text: Jeffrey towels off with a miniscule washcloth.
text: Stepping out of the bathroom, Jeffrey notices an 18-year-old
text: NYMPHETTE watching him through her kitchen window. He
text: crosses to the window but instead of closing the blinds, he
text: opens them wider and jumps up onto a pull-up bar.
text: The Nymphette blushes and looks away. As he starts pumping
text: and his manhood rises dangerously close to frame, we...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 15.
scene_heading: EXT. LANESBOROUGH HOTEL - ESTABLISHING - DAY
text: Upscale cars deliver upscale people to this stately hotel in
dialog: Central London.
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY - LANESBOROUGH HOTEL
text: Nick pays the BELLHOP, who trolleys away their bags. He
text: turns to find Kat. She’s wearing the red dress. The Zitty
dialog: Teenager was right. It’s really hot.
text: Kat starts doing a yoga breath of fire, trying to relax.
text: Nick takes Kat’s hand and pulls her close.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You okay, hon?
text: Kat nods, clearly not okay. Nick smooths a piece of hair
text: behind her ear. There is a practiced intimacy to the way he
text: touches her and Kat is almost settled by it.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: I’m not sure I can do this.
text: Nick moves towards Kat as if he’s going to kiss her, but then
text: he whispers in her ear.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You’re never going to be sure of
dialog: anything, but we still have to go
dialog: inside.
text: Just then, Kat’s mother appears.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: (singing)
dialog: “Baby love, my baby love.”
text: A few BRITS dart looks at this very American display.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Please, Mom. This is not the time
dialog: to be yourself.
text: Bunny folds Kat and Nick into a drunken embrace. Bunny gives
dialog: Nick the once-over.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: (to Nick)
dialog: And who might this be?
dialog: 16.
text: Kat’s mortified but Nick quickly saves her.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I’m the new guy.
dialog: (kissing Bunny)
dialog: It’s great to meet you.
text: Bunny throws Kat an unsubtle, “I’m impressed” look and leads
text: them into the party.
scene_heading: INT. LANESBOROUGH HOTEL
text: Bunny, Kat and Nick emerge into a sea of Burberry, floppy
text: hair, and unspoken judgments. Bunny turns to Nick and Kat
dialog: all business.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: This is a marathon, not a sprint.
dialog: After welcome cocktails, you’ve got
dialog: the hen party. Tomorrow, there’s a
dialog: picnic and the rehearsal dinner and
dialog: since you’ve conveniently left no
dialog: margin for jet lag--
dialog: (squeezing Kat’s cheek)
dialog: I need you to hydrate, baby.
text: Nick and Kat are stunned. Bunny hops away as Victor
text: approaches. Kat throws her arms around her stepfather.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Dad!
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Hi, kiddo.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Meet Nick.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Sir.
text: They shake hands. Just then, Kat’s sister, Amy, dressed to
text: the nines, strikes a pose in the doorway.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: I’m getting MARRIED!
text: As Kat and Amy squeal loudly and hug, Victor leans into Nick.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: I find a good, strong drink helps.
dialog: 17.
text: Nick smiles, looks at Victor’s glass.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Can I get you a refill, sir?
text: Victor hands Nick the glass.
speaker_heading: NICK (CONT'D)
dialog: (sniffing the glass)
dialog: I’m guessing MacCallum, 18 years.
dialog: (beat)
text: Neat, with a water-back.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Is there any other way to take it?
text: Nick heads toward the bar and Victor turns to Kat.
speaker_heading: VICTOR (CONT’D)
dialog: Where’d you find this guy?
text: Kat smiles, appreciatively.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: The Yellow Pages.
text: Victor laughs. Across the room, Bunny has found a
text: microphone. She taps a knife on the side of a glass to get
text: everyone’s attention.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: Welcome, friends and family!
text: Then she taps the mic, which squeals.
text: ON KAT, panic stricken.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Sweet Jesus, who gave that woman an
dialog: amp?
text: ON BUNNY, drunk with happiness.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: Victor and I would especially like
dialog: to thank our out-of-town guests for
dialog: coming to celebrate with us as we
dialog: welcome Edward and the Fletcher-
dialog: Wootens into our family.
scene_heading: THE CAMERA ID’s LYDIA and GEORGE FLETCHER-WOOTEN, 60’s.
text: George shifts uncomfortably. Lydia waves as though
text: addressing a room full of her subjects.
dialog: 18.
text: ON JEFFREY, searching the crowd for someone. His eyes land
text: on Kat. She doesn’t see him. He stares at her meaningfully.
speaker_heading: BUNNY (CONT’D)
dialog: It’s funny. We always thought we’d
dialog: marry off Kat first. We came close
dialog: once, but that crashed and burned.
text: Nervous laughter from the crowd. Kat smiles through the
text: pain. Jeffrey winces sympathetically. His mind working, he
text: spots a piano nearby.
speaker_heading: BUNNY (CONT’D)
dialog: Still, we had reason to hope. She
dialog: was always one of the more “active”
dialog: girls at the American school, and
dialog: that’s saying a lot.
text: Suddenly, a loud, lovely arpeggio from the piano. Bunny
text: looks over, surprised. Then she smiles.
text: ANGLE ON JEFFREY, sitting at the piano, playing.
speaker_heading: BUNNY (CONT’D)
dialog: Okay, okay. I get the hint!
dialog: Anyway, imagine our surprise when
text: Ed moved in next door and fell in
dialog: love with...the girl next door.
dialog: Our Amy. Lucky for us, he had no
dialog: idea it was an unforgiveable
dialog: cliché.
dialog: (raising her glass)
text: A toast to the bride and groom to be.
dialog: Congratulations, babies!
text: Everyone claps as Jeffrey plays a final flourish.
scene_heading: INT. NEAR W.C. - LANESBOROUGH HOTEL - LATER
text: Kat is sneaking towards the ladies room when Jeffrey comes
text: out of the men’s room. Their eyes meet. Both stop dead.
text: Neither can find words or even a smile. Kat pretends that
text: seeing him isn’t a gut-punch, forces a silly grin.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Thanks for, you know, with the
dialog: piano.... It was really.... Hm.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I have to pee.
text: Kat slithers past Jeffrey into the w.c.
dialog: 19.
scene_heading: INT. W.C. - LANESBOROUGH HOTEL
text: Kat wills her breath back. She turns on the water as if she
text: were washing her hands. Then she confronts herself in the
text: mirror and applies a coat of lipstick like she’s putting ona
text: suit of armor.
scene_heading: INT. NEAR W.C. - LANESBOROUGH HOTEL
text: Jeffrey, a dashing Brit, is not a man who likes to wait, but
text: wait he has. Kat emerges from the W.C. as if she hadn’t seen
dialog: him before.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Why, Jeffrey. Hello.
speaker_heading: JEFFREY
dialog: Hello, Katmandu.
text: As Jeffrey kisses her on the cheek, Kat’s eyes close and she
text: takes in his smell. It’s like coming home. She doesn’t want
text: it to, but something inside her stirs.
speaker_heading: JEFFREY (CONT’D)
dialog: You look well, Gorgeous.
text: All he has to do is look her in the eyes and her big plans
text: fly out the window. Kat blushes.
speaker_heading: JEFFREY (CONT’D)
dialog: Seeing you again....
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Yeah?
text: Just then, TJ, 30, Kat’s cousin, appears, wrapping Kat in a
text: hug. TJ’s deb-of-the-year perkiness is undercut by her
text: Longshoreman’s tongue.
speaker_heading: TJ
dialog: Kat Ellis! We live two hundred
dialog: miles away from each other but I
dialog: have to fly all the way to London
dialog: to see you. You haven’t visited me
dialog: once in D.C. Where the hell have
dialog: you been? I have gynecologists
dialog: that call more often.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: You have more than one gynecologist?
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: TJ
dialog: Sure. You’ve got to play them
dialog: against each other. Otherwise they
dialog: think you’re easy.
text: TJ turns on Jeffrey like she just realized he was there.
speaker_heading: TJ (CONT’D)
dialog: Hey, asshole, since you dumped my
dialog: cousin brutally and without cause,
dialog: you won’t mind if I steal her away?
dialog: I have all kinds of interesting
dialog: things to tell her.
text: TJ darts Jeffrey a dirty look and drags Kat away.
scene_heading: INT. LANESBOROUGH HOTEL - CONTINUOUS
text: Arms locked, Kat and TJ rejoin the party.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: You didn’t have to do that
speaker_heading: TJ
dialog: I wasn’t saving you from him. I
dialog: was saving you from yourself.
dialog: You’re too fucking nice.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Don’t worry. I’m so over him.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: By the way, do you know if he’s
dialog: seeing anyone?
text: They spot Nick talking to Bunny, surrounded by OCTOGENARIANS.
text: He doesn’t look the least bit lost. In fact, he’s charming
text: the Dockers off them.
speaker_heading: TJ
dialog: Why waste ten more seconds on the
dialog: slimy limey when Mr. Tie-Me-Up-Tie-Me-
dialog: Down is waiting for you at the bar?
text: ANGLE ON NICK, listening patiently as Bunny pours her heart
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: After Kat’s father died and I
dialog: married Victor, I was so desperate
dialog: for my little girl to love him. It
dialog: never occurred to me that she might
dialog: love him more.
dialog: 21.
text: ANGLE ON KAT AND TJ, still staring at Nick.
speaker_heading: TJ
dialog: What’s he do anyway?
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Therapist.
text: Just then, Nick looks up and gives Kat an intimate, “get over
text: here” look. TJ sighs audibly.
speaker_heading: TJ
dialog: I think I just came.
scene_heading: INT. LANESBOROUGH HOTEL - LATER
text: Nick stands with Kat at the bar. The BARTENDER hands Kat a
dialog: drink.
speaker_heading: AMY (0.S.)
dialog: Can I have that?
text: Kat looks over and sees Amy. She puts her drink on the bar
text: but Amy can’t quite reach it from her stool. Amy makes an
text: exaggerated reaching gesture and whimpers.
text: Nick takes note as Kat slides the drink closer. Amy sips it
text: through the straw without picking it up.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: You know what I love about all
dialog: this?
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: There’s finally a reason for the
dialog: whole world to revolve around you?
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Exactly! Today’s my day. Tomorrow
dialog: will be my day. And the day after
dialog: that? My day.
text: As Amy gloats, Ed dances over. He’s a refreshingly
text: unaffected upper-class Brit.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: How’s the future Mrs.?
text: Amy kisses him on the lips.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Perfect. All ginny.
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Except it’s Scotch.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: (ignoring Kat)
dialog: But I’m not taking your name,
dialog: buster. I’m a feminist!
dialog: (shaking her drink)
dialog: I need icey! Mr. husband-man, get
dialog: me more icey!
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: All right, then kiss me.
dialog: (she kisses him)
dialog: God, I’m a lucky sod.
text: Ed lifts Amy off the stool and spins her around. He does an
text: awkward dance move and steps on her toe.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: See what happens when you put off
dialog: dance lessons til two days before
dialog: the wedding?
text: Ed looks to Nick for support.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Who’s ever heard of dance lessons
dialog: for a wedding, honestly?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Um, just about everyone.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: You are taking the piss?
text: Ed looks to Kat, who shakes her head.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: We’1ll go with you guys tomorrow. I
dialog: suck too. It’1ll be fun.
text: Amy kisses Nick’s cheek.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: I don’t even know you, hunky-dunky,
dialog: and I love you already.
text: Kat throws Amy a dark look.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (to no one)
dialog: Dance lessons. Right.
dialog: 23.
scene_heading: EXT. BALCONY - LANESBOROUGH HOTEL
text: Escaping, Nick steps outside and bumps into Jeffrey, who
text: teeters on the railing.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: JEFFREY
dialog: Oh, hello.
text: Jeffrey looks upset. Nick tries to break the ice.
speaker_heading: NICK
text: A wedding is a sacrament...a joyous
dialog: celebration of love and commitment.
dialog: In Utopia. In the real world...
dialog: it’s an excuse to drink excessively
dialog: and say things you shouldn’t say.
speaker_heading: JEFFREY
dialog: Ah, a philosopher.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Shrink, actually.
speaker_heading: JEFFREY
dialog: Crikey.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JEFFREY
dialog: Nothing, nothing.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: No, tell me.
speaker_heading: JEFFREY
dialog: You Yanks and your therapy. It’s
dialog: great.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: It’s all a bit too touchy-feely for
dialog: me.
text: A beat as Jeffrey watches the party. He sees Kat and Amy at
text: the bar and slowly turns to Nick. With difficulty, he begins
text: to unburden himself to his new therapist
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: JEFFREY
dialog: It’s just, there’s this girl I care
dialog: for -- God, I suppose I could even
dialog: say I love her -- and the bugger
dialog: is, of course, she’s here with
dialog: someone else. Bollocks!
text: Nick hides his surprise as Jeffrey raises his glass ina
text: silent toast to his misery. Nick is just clinking glasses
text: with him when Kat appears and slips her arm in his.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Here you are.
text: Jeffrey is horrified. Stares at Nick, aghast
speaker_heading: JEFFREY
dialog: Hey, Kat.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Hey, yourself.
dialog: (to Nick)
dialog: I see you’ve met my ex.
text: They all stand there, awkwardly.
speaker_heading: KAT (CONT'D)
dialog: Did I interrupt something?
text: Jeffrey looks desperately at Nick. Nick hesitates, then
dialog: covers.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I was just telling Jeffrey how we
dialog: met.
text: Kat gives Nick a confused look. Nick smiles warmly--
speaker_heading: NICK (CONT'D)
dialog: The Knicks game? We both wanted
dialog: the last hot dog?
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Oh, yeah.
dialog: (pointedly, to Jeffrey)
dialog: So we split it. You know, as in
dialog: “share.” People do that.
speaker_heading: JEFFREY
dialog: You hate sports.
text: Kat squeezes Nick’s arm, adoringly.
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: KAT
text: Not when Nick explains them.
text: Jeffrey’s desperate to get out of there.
speaker_heading: JEFFREY
dialog: (to Nick)
dialog: Right. I should be going. Good to
dialog: meet you. Perhaps I’1l see you at
dialog: the stag party. My place.
dialog: (to Kat)
dialog: You know the address.
text: Kat watches him rejoin the party.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Well, he looks miserable. What
dialog: were you talking about?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Love.
text: Kat and Nick walk back into the party.
scene_heading: INT. LANESBOROUGH HOTEL - CONTINUOUS
text: They walk arm and arm. After the confrontation with Jeffrey,
text: Kat’s excitement is almost manic.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Jeffrey knows love like he knows
dialog: macrameé.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: He was pretty drunk, but I think
dialog: he’s still crazy about you.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Of course he is. I’m here with my
dialog: new man.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I love it! Your magic’s already
dialog: working. Let the suffering begin.
text: Nick stops Kat and faces her. He is quiet but intense.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: The only one suffering here is you.
dialog: You need to stop worrying about
dialog: everyone else. You think you can
dialog: do that?
dialog: 26.
text: Kat takes a deep, calming breath.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: No.
text: She turns and surveys the room, trying to calm down. But
text: then slowly her face begins to tense.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: What did he say exactly? I mean
dialog: you don’t think he wants me back?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I don’t know.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: What does your gut say?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You’re too good for him.
scene_heading: EXT. ST. JOHN’S WOOD - LATER
text: Nick drives slowly down St. John’s Wood’s tree-lined main
text: street. Nick looks out the window as they pass a corner
text: market, a flower shop, pubs, restaurants.
scene_heading: EXT. ELLIS HOUSE - ST. JOHN’S WOOD
text: A charming period house in a row of identical houses. You’d
dialog: never know where the Americans lived but for a conspicuous
text: boat trailer parked in the driveway.
text: Victor and Bunny try to help Nick unload Kat’s many bags from
text: the taxi. He won’t let them. As Nick lugs the bags up the
text: driveway, he reads the name, “JACK SHIP,” off the back of the
text: dilapidated cabin cruiser
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - ELLIS HOUSE
text: Nick struggles with Kat’s many bags as Kat’s parents escort
text: them upstairs. Kat stops by her bedroom door, doesn’t go in.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Well, here we are.
text: They stand there, awkwardly sandwiched into the small space.
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (to Bunny and Victor)
dialog: Thanks again for having me.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: Don’t be silly. It’s wonderful to
dialog: finally meet you. Although,
dialog: technically, I had no idea you
dialog: existed because when my daughter
dialog: turned twelve, she stopped talking
dialog: to me, except when she needed
dialog: money. So let me rephrase that.
dialog: It was nice to discover you existed
dialog: and then finally meet you all at
dialog: once. I love surprises.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Okay, Bun. That’s enough.
text: Kat gives them a look, but doesn’t open her bedroom door.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Where’s Nick sleeping?
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: Why, with you.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: (not listening)
dialog: My mother has a rule about men and
text: women sleeping in the same room
text: without a ring in the picture. She
dialog: thinks it’s--
text: Kat puts her fingers up to do air quotes, then suddenly
text: realizes what her mother just said.
speaker_heading: KAT (CONT'D)
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: (twinkling at Nick)
dialog: I’m not as square as my daughter
dialog: thinks.
text: As Kat’s parents walk away, Bunny flirtatiously sidles up to
text: Victor and pulls him into their bedroom.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: She must have drowned her rules in
dialog: the Chardonnay.
text: With that, Kat closes the door.
dialog: 28.
scene_heading: INT. KAT’S ROOM
text: The door CLICKS shut and the happy couple separates
text: instantly. Kat to one side of the room, Nick to the other.
text: Kat’s childhood bedroom has an aggressively floral decor.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Sorry about the creepy room. I
text: went through a painfully earnest
dialog: Laura-Ashley phase.
text: Kat takes a brown envelope out of her purse, opens it, and
dialog: removes
text: A STACK OF HUNDREDS.
text: She hands the pile of money to Nick.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Count it. Six thousand even.
text: Nick doesn’t look at the money, just tucks it into his bag.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I trust you.
text: Kat almost lets it go, but then...
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: No, count it, anyway.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: I’m compulsive and weird?
text: Nick humors her. Pulls out the stack of bills and counts it.
speaker_heading: KAT (CONT'D)
dialog: Six thousand, right?
speaker_heading: NICK
text: On the nose.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I tell you what, because you’re so
dialog: cute, I’1ll take care of our
dialog: incidentals.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: How does it feel to get that much
dialog: money just for being you?
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (wryly) ;
text: Great, with the occasional stabs of
dialog: shame. Now, listen, this covers
dialog: the weekend, but as we discussed,
dialog: if you want to be intimate, we talk
dialog: money before anything happens.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: That won’t be an issue, believe me.
dialog: I find the idea of sex for money
text: morally repugnant.
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: No offense.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: It’s okay. Hell, I’ve never paid
dialog: for it. But please don’t feel like
dialog: you have to explain yourself to me.
text: Kat walks over to an old dollhouse. Its rooms have been
text: gutted, their mini furnishings replaced with a teenager’s
dialog: cassette-tape collection.
text: Kat pulls out Guns and Roses’ “Appetite for Destruction” and
text: opens it. There’s no tape inside, just some nicotine
text: patches. Nick watches as she opens one up and slaps it on.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You quitting?
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: I’m desperate to start but I don’t
dialog: have an addictive personality.
dialog: Except for approval. That, I can’t
dialog: get enough of.
text: Nick notices an ‘80s poster of two guys with guitars, all big
text: hair and laser light shows.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Who are they?
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Graham Russell and Russell
dialog: Hitchcock.
text: Nick thinks about those names for a second, then his face
dialog: twists.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Air Supply?
dialog: 30.
text: Embarrassed, Kat hastily rips down the poster and stuffs it
text: in the closet.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: My parents had a German exchange
dialog: student a few years back.... He
dialog: must have left it here.
text: Nick hides a smile as Kat ducks into the bathroom.
scene_heading: INT. KAT’S BATHROOM
text: Kat has left the door open a crack as she gets ready for a
text: shower. Unbeknownst to her, Nick watches from the bed,
text: enjoying the ritual.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Everyone knows their greatest hits
dialog: but some of their lesser-known
text: ballads are surprisingly poignant
text: Inexplicably, Kat stands on her tiptoes as she looks into the
text: mirror. It’s a little thing, maybe the tiles are cold, but
text: it gives her an innocence that makes Nick smile.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: It’s cute.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: What is?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You stand on your tiptoes.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: I do?
text: Kat looks down, she never noticed before.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Is it an old habit from ballet
dialog: class or a childhood spent walking
dialog: on eggshells?
text: She throws him a glance, impressed with the sharpness of his
dialog: mind.
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: I never took ballet.
text: She smiles and kicks the door closed with her foot.
scene_heading: INT. KAT’S ROOM - LATER
text: Nick hangs up his tux. It’s definitely not a rental. Kat
text: comes out of the bathroom, drying her hair with a towel.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Have you ever done anything like
dialog: this before?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: A weekend?
speaker_heading: KAT
text: A wedding.
text: Nick thinks about that. Kat wonders what’s taking him so
dialog: long.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: No. Though strangely, I’ve done
dialog: quite a few funerals.
text: Kat makes a face.
speaker_heading: NICK (CONT'D)
dialog: Not the way you’re thinking. The
dialog: women wanted me there for support
dialog: You can understand that.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: I think that’s disgusting.
text: Kat immediately backpedals.
speaker_heading: KAT (CONT'D)
dialog: Not you. You’re not disgusting.
dialog: You’re lovely. Just the idea that
dialog: they’d bring an escort. I mean, a
dialog: stranger who, um, didn’t...who
dialog: never.... I mean, someone’s dead.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: That’s right. Imagine facing it
dialog: alone.
text: Kat blanches.
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Sorry. I’m a little nervous. I
dialog: never thought something like this
dialog: would happen to me.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: This happened to you?
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Well, happen, in the sense that I
dialog: picked up the phone, tracked you
dialog: down, flew you here and gave you
dialog: six grand out of my 401K.
text: Nick laughs at her. Kat pulls something out of her purse.
speaker_heading: KAT (CONT'D)
dialog: Can I ask you something?
text: Nick sees what she’s unfolding. It’s a crinkled New Yorker
text: article. The artsy photo shows the FACE OF A MAN, blurred
text: against a neon cityscape. The title: “Discretion Assured:
dialog: Diary of a Male Escort.”
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: How did you know that was me?
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: I have a friend at the magazine.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: Your “friend” guaranteed my
dialog: anonymity.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: If it makes you feel any better, to
dialog: get your number, I had to cough up
dialog: two round-trip tickets to Amsterdam
text: and a case of mini-Baileys.
text: Nick shakes his head at her and pulls off his shirt. Kat
text: instinctively looks away.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You can look. It’s part of the
dialog: package.
text: Kat can’t tell if he’s joking. She sneaks a look as Nick
text: disappears into the shower. Wow. Kat looks down at the
text: papers in her hand. She moves towards the bathroom but at
text: the last minute, shies away.
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: NICK (0.S.)
dialog: Would you grab my shampoo?
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Shampoo, got it!
text: Kat grabs the shampoo and rushes into the bathroom.
scene_heading: INT. KAT’S BATHROOM
text: Without looking in the shower, Kat hands him the shampoo and
text: hurries out, way too quickly. Nick peeks out of the shower
text: curtain. She’s gone. He shakes his head and closes the
text: curtain. Suddenly, Kat reappears. She stands by the door.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: The part where you were a sexual
dialog: surrogate and then started to, um,
dialog: freelance. Is that really how it
dialog: happened?
text: Kat pretends to straighten things up as she moves closer to
dialog: the shower.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: The real story is that my mother
dialog: was a hippie. And a stripper. She
dialog: was insanely inappropriate with me.
dialog: She used to wash her lingerie in my
dialog: bathwater. While I was still in
dialog: the bath.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Oh, no.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Yeah. As an adult, I needed to find
dialog: some way to experience intimacy and
dialog: sex, but with rules that couldn’t be
dialog: violated.
text: Kat’s totally engrossed now. She closes the toilet lid and
text: sits down.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Wow.
text: Nick pokes his head out.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: 34.
text: Nick sees that Kat’s heartbroken for him, feels bad.
speaker_heading: NICK (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m just screwing with you.
text: Kat throws a towel at him.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: You shit!
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I have a different story for every
text: woman who asks. I look at her and
dialog: figure out what she needs to hear
dialog: to feel okay about being with me.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: And you thought I’d respond to the
dialog: hippie stripper with no boundaries?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Admit it. You were disturbed, but
dialog: ultimately moved.
text: Kat gives him a dirty look, then examines the article again.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: This part here. You say, and I
dialog: quote. “Each woman has the exact
dialog: love life she wants.”
dialog: (beat)
dialog: That seems like a pretty broad
dialog: generalization.
text: Nick steps out of the shower. Kat, her eyes at the level of
text: his manhood, covers her subtle jaw-drop. Nick wraps a towel
text: around his waist as Kat tries to pull it together. She looks
text: down at the article, tapping it indignantly--
speaker_heading: KAT (CONT'D)
dialog: So...what was I...oh, yeah. Do you
dialog: honestly think that I want to be
dialog: single and miserable? That I want
dialog: to be obsessed with some asshole
dialog: who led me on for years then -- out
dialog: of the blue -- shattered my heart.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: First of all, it’s never out of the
dialog: blue. And second of all--
text: Nick levels his gaze at her.
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: NICK (CONT'D)
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: What?!
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: When you’re ready to let go, to be
dialog: unsingle and unmiserable, you will.
dialog: Until then....
text: Nick shrugs and walks out of the room.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL - ELLIS HOUSE - LATER
text: Nick and Kat walk downstairs, ready for a night out. Kat’s
text: wearing an over-the-top sexy golf outfit -- pleated mini
text: skirt, tight white oxford, plaid vest. On the bottom step
text: Kat stops short.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Is it always women?
text: Nick looks at her like she’s crazy.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Are you asking me if I’m gay for
dialog: pay?
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: I guess so.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: What do you think?
text: Nick confronts her. She takes him in.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Got it.
scene_heading: INT. SITTING ROOM - ELLIS HOUSE
text: Victor reads a book as Bunny scratches hieroglyphics ona
text: white board featuring an elaborate chart of information. Kat
text: and Nick enter, see the chart.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: (to Nick)
dialog: Mom’s refining her strategy for D-
dialog: Day.
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: I’m sure General Eisenhower never
dialog: had to master the finer points of
text: the seating chart and centerpieces.
dialog: (pointing proudly)
dialog: Oh, and tomorrow afternoon you are
dialog: carpooling to the country with the
dialog: Fletcher-Wootens.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Sir, yes, sir!
text: She turns on her heel like a soldier, walks to Victor, and
text: holds out her hand,
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: Make sure you show Nick Regents
dialog: Park.
dialog: (winking)
text: It’s romantic at night.
text: Victor doesn’t look up, just pulls the car keys out of his
text: pocket and tosses them past Kat to Nick.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Better him on the wrong side of the
dialog: road than you behind the wheel.
text: Kat huffs grumpily and they head out.
scene_heading: EXT. ELLIS HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Kat and Nick walk toward the car.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: So, um. What about testing?
text: Nick opens Kat’s door for her.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: There’s a guy on 81st and Madison.
dialog: You get your results in 24 hours.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: Do you make your lovers get tested
dialog: before you sleep with them?
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: My sixth-grade science project was
dialog: entitled, “Love Hurts: The
dialog: Heartbreak of Human Papillomavirus.”
dialog: Trust me, I’m careful.
dialog: 49
dialog: 37.
text: Kat gets in the car and Nick shuts her door
scene_heading: INT./EXT. CAR - LATER
text: Nick drives while Kat navigates. They crawl down a small
text: street, which bustles with activity. PATRONS of London’s
text: many pubs spill out onto the pavement.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I love that you’re asking
dialog: questions, but do you really want
dialog: to get into all of this?
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: This is awkward for me.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Talking about it makes me feel
dialog: better.
text: Nick looks over at Kat, who gets quiet. She picks at nothing
text: on her skirt. The TICK TICK TICK of the indicator fills the
text: silence as Nick changes lanes.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Hey.
text: Kat looks at him.
speaker_heading: NICK (CONT'D)
dialog: Don’t stop asking questions, okay?
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Okay.
text: Kat smiles, but stays quiet. Then--
speaker_heading: KAT (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you pay taxes? 49
scene_heading: EXT. QUIET SIDE-STREET - CONTINUOUS
text: Nick holds the door open for Kat as she gets out.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (with a laugh)
dialog: I swear. I don’t have a signature
dialog: move.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Oh, come on. You're like the Yoda
dialog: of escorts.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: KAT(cont 'd)
dialog: Getting you on the phone was harder
dialog: than getting into college.
text: Nick turns off the car, gets out, walks around, and opens the
text: door for Kat. She gets out and stands by the door
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I don’t have gimmicks or play
dialog: games. It’s way more...
text: Nick rubs two fingers together, he can’t think of the word.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Subtle?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I disappear. It’s not about me.
dialog: It’s about you.
text: Nick is standing very, very close to Kat now. She didn’t
text: even see him move but there he is.
speaker_heading: NICK (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s hard to explain.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Show me.
text: Nick shakes his head.
speaker_heading: KAT (CONT’D)
dialog: Come on.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I’ve got this bad taste in my
dialog: mouth. What is it? I think it’s
dialog: the words: “morally repugnant.”
text: Kat tugs urgently on his waist.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Show me.
text: Nick doesn’t say anything for a moment. Then he pushes her
text: up against the car. It’s a gentle movement, but firm. Kat
text: breathes in sharply from the power of it.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Close your eyes.
text: Kat’s hesitant. She looks around the empty parking lot but
text: Nick takes her cheek and guides her eyes to his.
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: NICK (CONT'D)
dialog: Close your eyes.
text: She does. Nick leans in close and begins whispering into her
text: ear with a hypnotic intensity.
speaker_heading: NICK (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m not going to kiss you. You can
dialog: relax. You're safe.
text: Nick takes Kat’s head in his hands and moves his lips across
text: the contours of her face. It’s incredibly intimate. His
text: mouth hovers over hers but their lips don’t touch. They
dialog: breathe each other in.
speaker_heading: NICK (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m not going to kiss you. Trust
dialog: me. All you have to do is listen
dialog: to my voice.
text: Kat’s body starts to relax. Slowly, she slumps back against
dialog: the car.
speaker_heading: NICK (CONT'D)
dialog: He’s going to be so sorry he let
dialog: you go.
text: He moves his lips across her eyelids.
speaker_heading: NICK (CONT'D)
dialog: He’11 look at you with your sexy
dialog: dress and your perfect date but it
dialog: won’t matter because it’s not about
dialog: him. It’s about you.
text: As Nick slowly talks, he moves his lips across Kat’s
text: forehead, then her cheek, then her nose:
speaker_heading: NICK (CONT'D)
dialog: I want you to let go of the hurt.
dialog: ...the insecurity...the past. When
dialog: you do, he’1ll see you the way I see
dialog: you, and, in that moment, he’1l
text: finally understand what he lost.
text: Nick tips Kat’s chin towards him. She opens her eyes. Nick
text: is suddenly serious.
speaker_heading: NICK (CONT'D)
dialog: But by then, the amazing thing
dialog: is...you won’t care.
dialog: 40.
text: Kat shudders, and gradually comes to. Her eyes are lazy, she
text: feels off balance.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Holy crap. You’re worth every
dialog: penny.
text: Nick gives her a half smile.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You better get going.
text: Kat is turned on and can’t seem to move.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Okay, Yoda.
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Go.
text: Nick turns Kat around and points her toward the bar next
text: door. Wearing an almost dopey look of pleasure, she adjusts
text: her underwear, and stumbles towards the bar. A sly smile
text: creeps across her lips as we...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: A LINE OF TWENTY SHOTS BEING SET AFLAME. WIDEN TO REVEAL --
scene_heading: INT. THE COCK & BOTTLE
text: Kat passes out the shots to a pack of WOMEN all wearing
text: hybrid golf-slut outfits: ass-tight polo shirts and plaid
text: Capri pants abound. It’s “Society Girls Gone Wild.”
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Yo, ladies! Listen up! The bride
dialog: has made the foolhardy and perhaps
dialog: fatal request, that we play Pub
dialog: Golf tonight.
dialog: (holding up a shot)
dialog: Behold hole one. There’s a two-
dialog: stroke penalty for failure to
text: finish a hole and a three-stroke
dialog: penalty for barfing. Yell “Fore!”
dialog: before you barf and it’s only two
dialog: strokes.
text: The girls are scared shitless.
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: KAT (CONT'D)
dialog: We’ve got eight more holes waiting at
dialog: eight more bars, so in the name of
dialog: all things sacred, pace yourselves!
dialog: (raising her shot)
dialog: To Amy!
dialog: Amy loves the attention.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: To me!
text: Cheering, the girls blow out their shots and do their best to
text: down them in one go. Just then, Nick walks in.
text: All eyes are drawn to him. The WORLD SLOWS as he beelines
text: for Kat. He hands Kat her purse.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I thought you might need this.
text: Kat gives Nick a shy smile.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Silly me, where was my head?
text: Kat can’t help noticing that the group of girls has subtly
text: clustered around Nick.
speaker_heading: TJ
dialog: Stay. Have a fiery drink with us.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I don’t know....
text: A SMITTEN GIRL puts a drink in Nick’s hand.
speaker_heading: SMITTEN GIRL
dialog: Stay.
text: Nick looks to Kat, she smiles. Amy furrows her brow
text: theatrically. Unfortunately, no one sees her.
scene_heading: INT. THE COCK & BOTTLE - LATER
text: Nick is surrounded by women and completely at ease. Amy’s
text: drunk and pouty. TJ stands between Kat and Amy. Oblivious
text: to the brewing tension, she’s eating beer nuts and staring at
dialog: Nick.
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: TJ
dialog: It’s like the director’s cut of “9
dialog: 1/2 Weeks.”
text: She pops a nut in her mouth.
speaker_heading: TJ (CONT’D)
dialog: The thing about Nick is, you’re
dialog: either looking at him, or you’re
dialog: pretending not to.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Me? I’m looking.
dialog: (to Amy)
dialog: Can you believe Kat gets to sleep
dialog: with this guy?
text: Amy sneers. TJ turns back to Kat
speaker_heading: TJ (CONT’D)
dialog: Honestly, you should send God a
dialog: bottle of wine or a muffin basket
text: TJ clinks glasses with Kat. Kat appreciates the attention.
text: Amy appreciates it less. She suddenly wails.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Why is he still here?!
text: This snaps Kat out of her reverie. She scurries into problem-
text: solving mode.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Oh, sorry. You’re right. Girls
dialog: only.
text: Kat turns and throws Nick a look. Nick, ever sensitive to
text: nuances, easily catches the hint and puts on his coat to go.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Ladies, thank you for granting me
text: this rare glimpse into a timeless
dialog: female ritual.
dialog: (raising his glass)
dialog: To the husbands who won you, the
dialog: losers who lost you, and to the
dialog: lucky bastards who have yet to meet
dialog: you.
text: They all clink glasses. Kat beams, until...
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: (sour)
text: And to the cock in the hen house.
dialog: 43.
text: Nick kisses Kat on the cheek and smoothly departs. They all
text: watch him walk out. TJ is still watching the door, as if
text: Nick’s essence has lingered.
speaker_heading: TJ
dialog: I can’t believe you met him first
dialog: It’s so depressing. Somebody buy
dialog: my wooha a drink.
text: Kat raises her drink to TJ’s nether region.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: To TJ’s lady business. And to Amy!
speaker_heading: GUYS (0.S.)
dialog: To Ed!
scene_heading: INT. JEFFREY’S FLAT - SAME
text: A DOZEN MEN down their shots. Jeffrey immediately refills
text: their glasses with tequila. Alcohol and alpha abound. Nick
text: walks in the front door. He takes off his suit coat and
text: tries not to feel like the chaperone at a frat party.
text: Over by the bar, Jeffrey stands with Ed, eyeing Nick.
speaker_heading: JEFFREY
dialog: What’s his problem?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JEFFREY
dialog: There’s something about him that’s
dialog: just a bit odd.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Other than, he’s shagging your ex-
dialog: girlfriend?
speaker_heading: JEFFREY
dialog: No, that’s not it.
text: Jeffrey pours Ed another drink.
speaker_heading: JEFFREY (CONT’D)
dialog: You are a tosser.
text: Jeffrey’s suddenly emotional.
dialog: 44.
speaker_heading: JEFFREY (CONT'D)
dialog: Remember when we went hiking in the
dialog: lake district and Amy was wearing
dialog: that little bikini thing.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: JEFFREY
dialog: It was before you started going
dialog: out. We had lunch at that inn on
dialog: the lake.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Oh, yes. Right. The Rat and
dialog: Parrot.
speaker_heading: JEFFREY
text: And Kat was fully clothed.
speaker_heading: ED
text: But, somehow, it was Kat’s arse
dialog: that was stung by nettles. And you
text: rubbed it with a dandelion leaf.
speaker_heading: JEFFREY
dialog: That’s when I realized I wanted to
dialog: be a doctor.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Oh, shut up. You’re an optician.
speaker_heading: JEFFREY
dialog: Lasik surgeon, actually.
text: Jeffrey takes a thoughtful sip of beer.
speaker_heading: JEFFREY (CONT'D)
dialog: I didn’t deserve her back then.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: And you do now?
text: Jeffrey looks genuinely pained, then something dawns on him.
speaker_heading: JEFFREY
dialog: Maybe I hate women.
text: Nick appears.
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: All women or just the two-legged
dialog: ones who steal your money, screw
dialog: your friends, and vacuum during the
dialog: World Cup?
text: Jeffrey laughs. He has no idea Nick is making fun of him.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Jeff was just reminiscing about
dialog: your girlfriend’s backside.
text: Ed crosses away and Jeffrey glances nervously at Nick.
speaker_heading: JEFFREY
dialog: Look, the thing is. About that
dialog: love-of-my-life nonsense. I would
dialog: appreciate it if you didn’t say
dialog: anything to Kat. It was silly.
dialog: It’s all rather complicated.
text: Nick is about to respond when the music CRESCENDOS and a
text: STRIPPER strides in from the back room. Spotting Ed, Jeffrey
text: clothes-lines him and drags him off into a chorus of GUY-
text: HOWLS and CHEERS.
scene_heading: INT. WOODY’S WATERING HOLE - LATER
text: The bachelorette-party girls CHEER as they down drink number
text: seven at bar number seven, an Australian outback-themed pub.
dialog: Things have gone way downhill -- or uphill -- depending on
dialog: how you look at it.
text: Kat sits at the bar. In the background, Amy dances drunkenly
text: with TJ. WOODY, the dorky, sexy Australian bartender,
text: appears behind the bar with a drink for Kat.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: This one’s on the house.
text: Kat grabs his sleeve.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: I’m worried. Amy’s not good at
dialog: drinking. She gets sooo drunk sooo
dialog: fast. Does free alcohol get you
dialog: less drunk or more drunker?
dialog: (to herself)
dialog: Is it ‘drunker’ or ‘drunker-er’?
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Just drunk enough.
dialog: 46.
text: Woody dumps out the free drink and exchanges it with a bottle
dialog: of water.
speaker_heading: WOODY (CONT’D)
dialog: If you switch now, you might be
text: able to stand up for the ceremony.
text: Kat looks at him for the first time and realizes she knows
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Woody?
text: Woody just smiles.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: “Not yet...”
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: “,.,but it’s getting there. “
text: Kat clumsily lunges across the bar to hug him, knocking over
text: a bottle of beer, which Woody deftly catches.
speaker_heading: KAT (CONT'D)
dialog: I thought you were living in San
dialog: Francisco. Or was it Nepal?
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Close. Sydney. Turns out, I
dialog: missed the rain.
text: They take each other in. Her smile is bleary.
speaker_heading: KAT (CONT'D)
dialog: You look so much better.
text: Woody’s trying not to feel shy around Kat.
speaker_heading: KAT (CONT'D)
dialog: Is this what you’re doing?
dialog: Bartending?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Not that it’s not great. It’s
dialog: just, you used to have dreams and
dialog: plans.
text: Woody proudly points to Kat’s cocktail napkin. It says
text: WOODY’S WATERING HOLE.
speaker_heading: KAT (CONT'D)
dialog: Whoa! Good for you!
dialog: 47.
text: Woody’s weighing something. He decides to say it.
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: I always wondered what happened
dialog: with us.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: (taken aback)
dialog: I haven’t thought about that in
dialog: years.
text: Just then, Amy comes up behind Kat.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Did Kat tell you she dumped you
dialog: because of your funky breath?
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Did Amy tell you she keeps her
dialog: Homecoming tiara by the bed?
text: To Kat’s annoyance, Amy laughs.
speaker_heading: KAT (CONT'D)
dialog: She’s drunk. -er than me. But I
dialog: didn’t really dump you, did I?
speaker_heading: WOODY
dialog: Hard.
text: Woody smiles, sweetly.
speaker_heading: WOODY (CONT’D)
dialog: Which was understandable -- you
dialog: were one of the hottest girls at
dialog: the American School, but I sort of
dialog: thought you‘d be nicer...at least
dialog: tell me why...’cause we were
dialog: friends first.
text: Kat’s on the spot. Embarrassed. Amy’s drunk-dancing and
text: mumbling to herself.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: And we know Kat was the hottest ex-
dialog: pat in school because she was voted
dialog: Best Eyes, Brightest Smile, and Most
dialog: Likely to Age Well. No, wait. That
dialog: was me. Never mind.
dialog: Kat can’t take it.
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Christ, Amy.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Oh, shut up and be happy. It’s always
dialog: this or that. You’re never happy, you
text: frowny-faced Grumplestilskin.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Drunk isn’t the same thing as
text: happy, Amy.
text: They both know they’re serious but Amy pouts and throws her
text: arms around Kat.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: You’re my half sister, but I whole
dialog: love you.
text: Kat’s furious but she forces a smile.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Why don’t you get my half sister
dialog: her seventh hole?
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Bacardi 151.
text: Woody disappears just as Amy teeters and catches herself on
dialog: the bar.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Are you okay?
text: Amy’s drunkenness turns. Tears well up in her eyes.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: I don’t think I can go through with
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Pub Golf?
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: The wedding.
dialog: (loud whisper)
dialog: I am so, so bad! I don’t think I
dialog: should be allowed to get married.
text: Kat is blindsided.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: What are you talking about?
dialog: 49.
text: Then, as quickly as she went into the darkness, Amy pops out.
text: She yells over to TJ.
speaker_heading: AMY (CONT'D)
dialog: TJ! Virginia Slim!
text: TJ comes dancing up, hands Amy a cigarette and a lighter. The
text: crowd watches as Amy puts the cigarette in her lips, pours
text: the shot into TJ’s open mouth and lights it on fire with her
text: lighter. Then she leans over and LIGHTS HER CIGARETTE ON THE
text: FLAMES COMING OUT OF TJ’S MOUTH.
text: The bar erupts in CHEERS but Kat is left worried, troubled by
text: Amy’s confession. A beat, then she downs her shot.
scene_heading: EXT. ED’S HOUSE - LATER
text: The cheers ECHO in the night as Nick helps Ed walk towards
text: his house. Ed navigates the pavement like it’s made of
text: water. They reach the front door
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (propping Ed up)
dialog: You’re okay. You got it.
text: Ed wobbles, then stands up by himself. Nick unlocks the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Just because some slag’s been paid
dialog: for, doesn’t mean you've got
dialog: to...you know.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: It’s been my experience that the
dialog: people who hire a prostitute, need
dialog: a prostitute.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You did the right thing.
text: Ed blinks at Nick.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: I think I love you, mate.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: How do you know so much about so
dialog: much?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I’m a hooker.
dialog: 50.
text: Ed bursts out laughing, pats him on the back, and walks into
dialog: his house.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. LONDON STREET [DRIVING] - LATER
text: The bachelorette girls ride home in “The Pub Prowler.” It’s
text: a senior citizen med-van that’s been pimped out with a full
text: bar and an all-shag-all-the-time interior.
text: The girls are drunk and rowdy. Kat climbs up behind the
text: DRIVER and taps her on the shoulder.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Can you pull over at the next seven
speaker_heading: ATMS?
text: The Driver gives Kat a dubious look, then pulls up to a bank.
speaker_heading: ATM MONTAGE:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET [VARIOUS]
text: --Kat jumps out of The Pub Prowler and clumsily slots her ATM
text: card into the machine.
text: --Kat checks her lipstick in the mirrored security camera of
text: a different ATM machine then flips through a stack of credit
text: cards. She pulls out a different card and slips it in.
text: --ECU on screen: MAXIMUM WITHDRAWAL £200. Kat’s at another
text: ATM. In the Prowler, a couple of girls heckle passers-by as
text: Kat rifles through her cards, desperate for some un-maxed
dialog: plastic.
text: --The Prowler drops off a couple more girls. Kat walks back
text: from an ATM and gets in.
scene_heading: EXT. TJ’S HOTEL - NIGHT
text: Kat and Amy wave at TJ as she trips out of the Prowler and
text: stumbles towards her hotel. TJ waves back with a bright
dialog: happy smile--
speaker_heading: TJ
dialog: That was awesome! How much do we
dialog: rock?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Fore!
dialog: 51.
text: She whips around and throws up in a topiary. In the Prowler,
text: Amy and Kat wince. TJ whips back up.
speaker_heading: TJ (CONT'D)
dialog: I WIN!
text: She waves at Kat and Amy and trots past the STOIC DOORMAN,
text: who holds the door open for her.
scene_heading: EXT. ELLIS HOUSE
text: Kat and Amy stand in the driveway. They watch as the Prowler
text: pulls away. Amy is about to head next door, when she turns
dialog: to Kat.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: It was a great party. Thank you.
text: Amy reaches out to hug Kat. Kat wasn’t expecting the hug and
text: it’s awkward. Amy senses it and pulls away.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Do you want to come in for a minute?
dialog: We could talk about--
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: When I freaked out at the pub?
dialog: (she hiccups)
dialog: That was nothing, just nerves.
dialog: Don’t worry about it.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: But Ido. Iwill. You’re my
dialog: sister.
text: With a post-Bacardi 151 suddenness, Amy’s face contorts with
text: shame. She recoils, an angry tear running down her face.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: God, Kat! Please. Don’t be nice to
dialog: me. I can take anything right now
dialog: but you being nice to me.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: (wildly confused)
dialog: What? Why? What do you mean?
text: Amy is suddenly in terrible distress.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: I should get going.
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Are you sure you’re okay?
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: I’m fine. I promise.
text: Kat wants to say more but Amy is already walking away. Kat
text: turns towards the house and just catches the light shutting
text: off in her upstairs room.
scene_heading: INT. HALL - ELLIS HOUSE
text: Kat shuts the front door. She leans against it for a moment
text: to get her balance, clear her head.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - ELLIS HOUSE
text: Kat sits at the kitchen table, a glass of water in front of
text: her. She downs three aspirin and stares into the darkness.
scene_heading: INT. HALL - ELLIS HOUSE - LATER
text: Kat starts up the stairs. The first step CREAKS loudly.
text: Remembering countless school-age sneak-ins, Kat flattens her
text: foot against the back of each step and soundlessly walks up
dialog: the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. KAT’S ROOM - ELLIS HOUSE
text: Nick is asleep in Kat’s bed, bare-chested under a single
dialog: sheet.
text: The CAMERA FINDS Kat standing with her back to the door
text: staring at Nick. Nick stirs, opens his eyes, and rises onto
text: one arm.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You okay?
text: Kat walks to him, takes his hand.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Shhhh.
scene_heading: EXT. DRIVEWAY - ELLIS HOUSE
text: Kat leads Nick down the driveway towards the BOAT TRAILER.
dialog: 53.
text: On it, the twenty-six-foot CABIN CRUISER with peeling paint
text: Kat unbuttons the weathered cover and peels it back. She
text: climbs up a ladder and hoists herself into the boat. Nick
text: smiles at the strangeness of this, then climbs in after her.
scene_heading: INT. BOAT
text: In the cabin, Kat flicks a couple of switches and a row of
text: lights flicker on. She flicks another switch and a piercing
text: sea-horn BLARES the “William Tell Overture.” She scrambles
text: to turn it off and checks the house for activity. A dog
text: BARKS in the distance.
text: Relieved, Kat pushes a tape into an old radio. MUSIC limps
text: through hollow speakers.
text: Kat leads Nick into the cabin and onto the bed. Without
text: taking her eyes off him, Kat starts to slowly undress. Her
text: shirt drops to the floor. Then, a moment later, her skirt.
text: Kat breathes deeply then reaches behind her back and flicks
text: open her bra. We watch Kat’s face as she lets it fall to the
text: floor. Kat is indeed a woman who doesn’t do naked -- this is
dialog: killing her.
text: On the bed, Nick doesn’t say anything, just watches. Kat
text: wants to read something into his stare. Longing, desire,
text: anything. But he’s utterly inscrutable. It’s both unnerving
dialog: and extremely sexy.
text: Kat steels herself and removes her underwear. She loses her
text: nerve momentarily and pulls them up again. Finally, she
text: slips them off and tries not to laugh as she scurries onto
dialog: the bed.
text: Hovering lazily in the waking dream of interrupted sleep
text: Nick gazes at Kat. Ina trick of light, the cabin windows
text: glow liquid, as though the moon were reflecting off water
text: Nick runs his hand across Kat’s waist. She’s trying to hold
text: back. He knows it and likes it. He takes her face in his
text: hands and kisses her. It’s amazing. A different kind of
text: kiss. They pull back and look at each other.
text: In one swift movement, he flips Kat underneath him.
text: Suddenly, the space between them collapses and they attack
dialog: each other.
dialog: 54.
scene_heading: EXT. DRIVEWAY - ELLIS HOUSE - DAWN
text: Kat’s house beams in the scarlet light of dawn. Two BIN-MEN
text: walk down the driveway toward the bins. They grab three bins
text: and drag them noisily past the boat parked in the driveway.
scene_heading: INT. BOAT
text: CLOSE ON Kat and Nick, asleep, their faces pressed up against
dialog: each other.
text: We PULL BACK to reveal Kat and Nick entwined, naked. We PULL
text: BACK further to reveal that they’re covered with a fleece
text: blanket and a pile of life vests.
text: Nick opens his eyes and looks at Kat, who is as calm and
text: content as we’ve seen her. Then, he realizes where he is.
text: It’s like waking up in a strange hotel room, only weirder
text: because it’s a boat...in a driveway...in London.
text: Nick carefully extricates himself and begins to dress. We’ve
text: seen this scene a thousand times before, but Nick’s escape is
text: breathtakingly precise and practiced.
scene_heading: EXT. DRIVEWAY - ELLIS HOUSE
text: Nick climbs down the ladder of the boat just as the Bin-Men
text: are returning the empty bins beside the garage. Nick gives
text: them a nod.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Morning.
text: The guys nod back and finish their job as Nick sneaks toward
dialog: the house.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - ELLIS HOUSE
text: Victor and Bunny sit at the kitchen table. Victor’s buried
text: in the International Herald Tribune crossword puzzle. Bunny
text: looks out the window and sees Nick creeping towards the
text: house, shoes in hand.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: She still thinks we don’t know
dialog: about the boat thing.
text: Victor looks up from his paper. He sees Nick, snorts, and
text: goes back to his crossword.
dialog: 55.
scene_heading: INT. BOAT - LATER
text: Kat’s eyes flutter open. Her hair is plastered into an
text: impromptu quasi-beehive. She looks down at her “pillow.”
dialog: It’s a buoy.
text: Kat suddenly sits bolt upright. She grabs a life vest to
text: cover her naked chest and looks around in horror. Then her
text: eyes widen as she remembers the rest of the night.
scene_heading: EXT. DRIVEWAY - ELLIS HOUSE
text: Kat slinks towards the house, retreading Nick’s walk of
dialog: shame.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - ELLIS HOUSE
text: Victor looks up from his paper and sees Kat.
scene_heading: EXT. DRIVEWAY - ELLIS HOUSE
text: Kat’s almost to the house when she hears a loud, POUNDING.
text: She looks up to see HER FATHER tapping on the window and
text: laughing at her. Kat’s mortified, but can’t help smiling.
text: She waves and keeps walking.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. KAT’S ROOM
text: Kat looks around frantically for something. She finds her
text: purse and checks to see if the ATM money is still there. It
text: is. She breathes a sigh of relief, then, hearing footsteps,
text: hastily stuffs the wad back in.
text: Nick opens the door, carrying a breakfast-in-bed tray. Kat
text: spins around, guiltily.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I wasn’t sure what works for you
dialog: so I’ve got a pack of Saltines, a
dialog: bottle of Pedialyte -- preferred by
dialog: infants and rock stars -- an egg-
dialog: and-cheese sandwich, a black
text: coffee, and a Bloody Mary.
text: Kat slumps onto the bed. She hasn’t gotten her land legs
dialog: back yet.
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: This is really sweet of you, but I
dialog: need to ask you something.
dialog: (desperately)
dialog: What happened last night?
text: Nick is taken aback. He sets down the tray. He’s not sure
text: what to say, then makes a decision.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Nothing.
text: Kat looks surprised, then skeptical.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Are you sure?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: We kissed. Made out a little.
dialog: Then you passed out.
text: She stares at him long and hard.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Whether it’s true or not, thank
dialog: you.
text: Kat disappears and Nick bites into a Saltine as the shower
text: HISSES on. Then something catches his eye. It’s Kat’s purse
text: lying next to the bed. Stuffed on top,
text: A WAD OF MONEY. His brow furrows, Nick picks it up and leafs
text: through the stack of pounds and euros.
scene_heading: INT. KAT’S BATHROOM
text: In the shower, Kat lets the scorching water punish and purify
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: NICK (0.S.)
dialog: What’s this?
text: Startled, Kat peeks her head out of the shower curtain and
text: sees Nick holding the pile of money.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Oh. Shoot. I--
text: She retreats into the shower, yanking the curtain closed.
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: KAT (CONT'D)
dialog: (mouthing words)
dialog: Shit! Shit! Shit!
text: Nick pulls open the curtain and Kat instantly stops her
text: pantomimed self-flagellation.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Is this for last night?
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Of course not. How...how could it
dialog: be? Nothing happened.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: If I was going to charge you, I
dialog: would have told you beforehand. I
dialog: thought I explained that.
text: Naked in front of Nick, Kat is trying not to flinch.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: I didn’t want you to think I was
dialog: expecting anything to be free or
dialog: that I was expecting something at
dialog: all. Well, clearly I was expecting
dialog: something or I wouldn’t have
dialog: stopped at all those ATMs on the
dialog: way home.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: By the way, would it have been
dialog: enough? I mean, if something had
dialog: happened. Which it didn’t?
text: Kat wants to slip down the drainpipe. Nick looks at her
text: considers his words carefully.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Don’t they have a limit at those
dialog: machines?
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Not if you take an advance on your
dialog: credit card.
text: Now Nick has to really try to stifle a laugh. Nick puts the
text: money on the sink. He goes to leave, then turns back.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You’re three hundred short.
dialog: 58.
text: With that, he walks out. In the shower, Kat gently bangs her
text: head against the tile. She looks down and notices something.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: And my Brazilian wax looks like...
dialog: Brazil.
dialog: (resting against the tile)
dialog: Awesome.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - ELLIS HOUSE
text: Nick and Victor are eating breakfast, the newspaper spread
text: out between them. Victor’s still working on the crossword
dialog: puzzle.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: What’s a four letter word for
dialog: daughter defiler?
dialog: (beat, writing it in)
scene_heading: Oh. N-I-C-K.
dialog: Before Nick can react--
speaker_heading: VICTOR (CONT’D)
dialog: You a boating man, son?
text: Victor’s expression is inscrutable. Nick weighs his options
dialog: and then--
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I am now, sir.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: At least somebody’s using the damn
dialog: thing.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I was gonna fix her up but we took
dialog: one trip and the kids fought so
dialog: much, we never launched her again.
text: Just then, Kat walks in with an air of feigned nonchalance.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: That’s not true. We checked for
dialog: leaks a few years back
dialog: (kisses her father)
dialog: Good morning.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Ahoy!
dialog: 59.
text: Kat throws him a look. He chuckles. As Nick gets up to get
text: himself some orange juice, Kat corners him behind the
text: refrigerator door.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: (hushed)
dialog: So you’re telling me. If something
dialog: had happened last night...it would
dialog: have cost me fourteen hundred
dialog: dollars? That’s a down payment on
dialog: a Ford Focus!
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Not dollars. Pounds.
text: Nick pours a glass of juice and offers it to Kat. Kat shakes
text: her head.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: My rate isn’t arbitrary. It was
dialog: determined by prevailing market
dialog: conditions. By the way, it
dialog: includes oral. That’s the extra
dialog: three hundred.... Pounds.
text: He smiles and sips his juice. She is outraged by his
dialog: presumption- -
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: And what if I didn’t want you
dialog: to...to do that to me?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: No, no. The three hundred is for
dialog: you doing it to me.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Believe me, if anything had
dialog: happened, that would have been one
dialog: of the highlights. For you.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: But nothing did.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Yup. That’s why you get to keep
dialog: your money.
text: Nick walks away. Sits down next to Victor. Kat glares
text: daggers at him. Nick smiles and toasts her with his juice.
dialog: 60.
text: Just then, Amy enters in a flurry of cheerfulness, as if last
text: night never happened. Bunny follows, carrying a clipboard.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Hey, Ginger! Hey, Gilligan! How
dialog: much do I love all this? I’m going
dialog: to get divorced and remarried over
dialog: and over again so it’ll last
dialog: forever. Kat, be a sweetie, and go
dialog: help with the rings. No way
dialog: Jeffrey’s going to get it right.
text: Amy breezes out.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: (to no one)
dialog: I’d be happy to. You’re welcome.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: Oh, don’t be that way.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: (sticking up for Kat)
dialog: Come on, Bun. Leave her alone.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: (to Kat)
dialog: It’s not always about you, sweetie.
text: Kat’s stung. Nick watches out of the corner of his eye.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: How could you say that? Of course
dialog: it’s not about me. It’s never
dialog: about me when she’s in the room
dialog: because you two are on a special
dialog: team. You might as well have T-
dialog: shirts made up.
text: Kat lowers her voice.
speaker_heading: KAT (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m sorry. I don’t know why I’m
dialog: being so sensitive. I just get
dialog: tired of being odd man out.
text: Bunny looks over at Victor.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: Tell me about it.
text: Bunny squeezes Kat’s cheek and kisses her.
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: BUNNY (CONT’D)
dialog: Oh honey, it’s not that I love Amy
dialog: more. It’s that she lets me love
dialog: her.
text: This flip comment hits Kat hard.
speaker_heading: BUNNY (CONT’D)
dialog: (obliviously)
dialog: I’m off. Ta-ta!
text: As Bunny walks out, Victor raises an eyebrow, then goes back
text: to his crossword. Kat stands a moment, feeling awkward.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: (to Nick)
dialog: Okay, then. I’11 catch up with you
dialog: at the dance thing.... Sweetie.
text: Nick gives Kat a casual nod. She exits. Behind the BUSINESS
text: section, Nick’s face is a mask. Then he smiles. This girl
dialog: is nuts.
text: A door BUZZES.
scene_heading: INT. JEWELRY STORE - ST. JOHN’S WOOD
text: Kat enters and approaches SAL, 60, a tough-talking, Cockney
text: teddy bear.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Hey, Sal.
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: I heard you were back in town
dialog: kitty cat. You’re here for the
dialog: highland flings, I bet.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: I get all the glamour jobs.
text: He smiles and heads into the back. Kat casually looks into
text: the counter. Her face is blank as she scans row after row of
text: engagement rings.
text: Sal reemerges with two ring boxes. Kat takes the rings and
text: smiles.
speaker_heading: KAT (CONT'D)
dialog: Thanks, Sally.
text: She turns to go.
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: The one I made for you is the
dialog: cherries. You hang onto it or give
dialog: it back?
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Give it back? Are you nuts?
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: You pawned it.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Not exactly. I wear it.
dialog: (defiantly)
dialog: On my right hand. And only rarely.
text: Just then, the door BUZZES. Kat turns. It’s Jeffrey,
text: tugging on the handle. Sal scowls.
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: You want I nut him in the boat?
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Yes? No. What?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Save the patter for the tourists.
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: You want me to let him in?
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Of course, don’t be silly.
text: Sal BUZZES Jeffrey in and gives him the dirty eye before he
text: disappears into the back.
speaker_heading: KAT (CONT’D)
dialog: Hey, you!
speaker_heading: JEFFREY
dialog: Let me guess. Amy presumed I’d
dialog: forget the rings.
dialog: (off her look)
dialog: I think I’m her least favorite
dialog: person.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You know, I am sorry.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: (warming)
dialog: Maybe not her least... There’s
dialog: always- -
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: KAT/ JEFFREY
dialog: Ed’s mother.
text: They share a moment.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: So, tell me, how’s unmarried life?
speaker_heading: JEFFREY
dialog: I have regrets.
text: Kat jumps down his throat, instantly abandoning her false
dialog: largesse.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Whoa, Jeffrey. Slow down. You and
dialog: me, we’re the past. I’m not sure
dialog: if you noticed, but I’m here with
text: someone else.
speaker_heading: JEFFREY
dialog: Kat, we must talk. This guy,
dialog: there’s something not quite right
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: It’s called character. God, you’re
dialog: predictable.
speaker_heading: JEFFREY
dialog: Is that why you brought him?
dialog: Because of me.
text: Kat laughs way too hard.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Don’t be absurd.
text: Kat is about to walk out the door, but she can’t help
text: herself. She stops.
speaker_heading: KAT (CONT'D)
dialog: I brought him here because he’s my
dialog: boyfriend. Because I adore him.
dialog: Because late at night he takes me
dialog: in his arms and....
text: Kat leans in and whispers something into Jeffrey’s ear.
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: KAT (CONT'D)
dialog: I’d stick around and explain what
dialog: that means, but even if I give you
dialog: the instruction manual, it doesn’t
dialog: mean you’ve got the tools to get
dialog: the job done.
text: Kat tries not to do a little “fuck-you” jig as she walks out
text: the door.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - ST. JOHN’S WOOD
text: Kat strides away but Jeffrey catches up to her. She secretly
text: smiles at the power she is exerting over him.
speaker_heading: JEFFREY
dialog: Kat, wait. I don’t want you hating
dialog: me. We’ve never had this talk.
dialog: You know how crap I am at this.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Um, news flash: I don’t give a
dialog: shit.
speaker_heading: JEFFREY
dialog: Kat, stop it. You do. You can’t
dialog: even look me in the eye. You went
dialog: back to the States when we split
dialog: up.
text: Jeffrey sees Kat flinch. He knows he’s hit something. She
text: looks away.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: That was a long time ago.
speaker_heading: JEFFREY
dialog: It was. And it took your sister
dialog: getting married to get you back
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: (wavering)
dialog: So, what’s your point?
speaker_heading: JEFFREY
dialog: I should have told you why I broke
dialog: up with you. I was a coward. You
dialog: deserve to know.
text: Just then Nick walks up. He puts a protective hand on Kat’s
text: back and shakes Jeffrey’s hand.
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Hey, man.
speaker_heading: JEFFREY
dialog: Sorry, can you give us a moment?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: No, I can’t. We’re late for a
dialog: dance lesson. I guess you’1ll have
dialog: to finish up later.
text: Kat gives Nick an angry look as he pulls her away.
scene_heading: INT. DANCE CLUB STAIRCASE
text: Kat, furious, charges up the stairs--
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Hello, goodbye, I want you, I hate
dialog: you. It’s all just words. None of
dialog: it means anything. What matters is
dialog: what you do. You either stay put
dialog: or you walk away. If you look
dialog: back, you’re not walking away!
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Oh, cut the crap!
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I just hate seeing you so stuck.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: He was about to un-stick me!
dialog: (hissing)
dialog: I paid you to help me get closure.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You paid me for a lot of reasons.
dialog: Closure wasn’t one of them.
text: Kat is infuriated. She huffs and pushes open the door.
scene_heading: INT. STEP-BALL-CHANGE DANCE CLUB
text: Nick and Kat burst in, late. Glistening hardwood floors
text: mirrored walls. Eyes closed and hands clasped, Amy and Ed
text: stand in a circle with SONJA, late 50’s, the melodramatic
text: dance teacher. Kat and Nick join the circle.
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: (mumbling)
dialog: Sorry.
text: Sonja barely tolerates the interruption, closes her eyes and
text: breathes in deeply.
speaker_heading: SONJA
dialog: The wedding dance is, sans doubte
dialog: the most important dance-moment in
dialog: a person’s life.
text: Ed cracks open his eyes to see if anyone else thinks this is
text: a crock of shit. Nick catches Ed’s eye. Amy darts Ed a “pay
text: attention” look.
speaker_heading: SONJA (CONT'D)
text: A room full of friends, family,
text: enemies...watching, smiling,
dialog: betting on how long the marriage
dialog: will last. All you’1l have is each
dialog: other and whatever skills you
dialog: acquire today.
text: Kat’s grip on Nick’s hand tightens. Ed cracks open his eyes
text: again. This time, he looks unnerved.
speaker_heading: SONJA (CONT'D)
dialog: There are people who will tell you
dialog: that the wedding dance is symbolic of
dialog: a couple’s compatibility. Ofa
dialog: rapport that cannot be faked. That
text: an unskilled man on the dance floor
text: is a man who lacks grace in bed.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: These people are right.
text: Sonja claps three times.
speaker_heading: SONJA (CONT'D)
dialog: Eyes open and pair off!
text: They all open their eyes wide.
scene_heading: INT. STEP-BALL-CHANGE DANCE CLUB - MOMENTS LATER
text: Ed and Amy dance awkwardly to a standard as Sonja gives them
dialog: instructions.
text: ANGLE ON KAT AND NICK, dancing sedately, if awkwardly. There
text: is still tension between them. Kat, contrite, dares a glance
text: into his eyes.
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: I’m sorry I was such a bitch. I
dialog: really appreciate your doing this.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (simply)
dialog: It’s my job.
text: Kat gazes deep into his eyes. A long look. The longest
text: she’s been able to sustain since the boat. She can’t read
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: SONJA (0.S.)
dialog: (to Amy and Ed)
dialog: She knows you better than anyone.
dialog: You know her better than she knows
dialog: herself. Where does that feeling
dialog: live? I don't care if it's your
dialog: heart, your head, or your crotch.
dialog: Find that place and dance from it
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: You know what pisses me off? I’ve
dialog: been spilling my guts all weekend
dialog: but I don’t know anything about
dialog: you. Not one thing.
text: Nick looks down at her, considering.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I’m allergic to fabric softener, I
dialog: majored in Comparative Literature
dialog: at Brown, and I think I’d miss you
dialog: even if we had never met.
text: Kat blinks, the power of his words hitting her hard. They
text: dance a moment in silence.
dialog: Now will you tell me how you became
dialog: an escort?
text: Nick smiles enigmatically. Then without warning--
text: NICK SPINS KAT AROUND, THEN REELS HER IN TIGHT.
text: In a hyper-romantic cinematic flourish,
text: THE FLOOR SWELLS AND THE WALLS DISAPPEAR.
text: The music sharpens as if it’s no longer coming from an old
text: record player but from a classic MGM soundtrack.
dialog: 68.
text: Nick and Kat are weightless as they glide across the floor.
text: Their eyes stay locked on each other as though it were this
dialog: connection, and not gravity, that keeps them on earth.
text: Kat and Nick seem to slow down but the world stays at normal
dialog: speed.
text: ON SONJA, astonished. She stops and watches.
text: ON AMY AND ED, as they notice what’s going on. They stop
text: dancing and stare, too, slacked-jawed, as Nick and Kat float
text: past, completely wrapped up in each other.
text: Nick and Kat are incredible together.
text: The music CRESCENDOS as Nick gracefully spins Kat to a
dialog: perfect stop.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: So you can’t dance, eh? Bloody
dialog: liar.
text: Nick and Kat crash back to earth. They stop dancing. The
text: walls close in and the music sucks back into the speakers.
speaker_heading: ED (CONT’D)
dialog: I thought you said you were crap.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I had to say something to get you
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Fair enough, but I’m stepping on
dialog: toes here and you’re waltzing
dialog: around like...
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Fred Astaire and what’s her face!
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: It’s not me. I swear. It’s her
dialog: She’s magic.
text: Kat blushes. Sonja claps her hands, happily.
speaker_heading: SONJA
dialog: And, switch partners!
dialog: 69.
scene_heading: EXT. STEP-BALL-CHANGE DANCE CLUB - LATER
text: Nick, Kat, Amy, and Ed walk out of the studio. Ed skips down
text: the steps and onto the street. Then he realizes what he’s
text: doing and abruptly stops.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: You’d better get going. My parents
dialog: will be ‘round to cart you off to
dialog: the country.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Whatever you do, don’t mention
dialog: Italy. Or politics. Or baby
dialog: buggies.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Or Edith Piaf.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Your probably best off pretending
dialog: you’re asleep.
text: Ed grabs Amy by the neck and pulls her away.
text: Amy laughs but Kat catches a look on her sister’s face. It’s
text: not quite nervousness. It’s something closer to panic. Amy
text: waves over her shoulder as they walk away.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: A BOAT SAILING ACROSS FRAME, WIDER TO REVEAL- -
scene_heading: EXT. KAT’S HOUSE - ST. JOHN’S WOOD
text: Victor tows the boat with an annoyed Bunny in the passenger
text: seat. As they pull out of the driveway, they wave to Nick
text: who sits on a stone wall in front of the house.
text: Nick talks on his cell phone, Kat’s bags piled high next to
text: him, as Pigeons walk and flap around him.
text: Kat appears carrying two bottles of water. When Nick sees
text: Kat, he hangs up too quickly. Kat pretends not to notice.
text: She eyes the pigeons suspiciously.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Pigeons creep me out. They’re like
text: dirty doves...plotting something.
dialog: 70.
text: Nick playfully pulls Kat down next to him. Spooked by the
text: increasing number of pigeons, Kat inches away from them and
text: closer to Nick. Kat frowns, suddenly pensive.
speaker_heading: KAT (CONT'D)
dialog: How do you have real relationships?
dialog: You know, ones you don’t get paid
dialog: for?
text: Nick isn’t sure he wants to get into this.
speaker_heading: KAT (CONT'D)
dialog: You have had girlfriends?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Sure, but it’s never easy. They
dialog: say they’re okay with it, and they
dialog: are...for a while. Then one day,
dialog: they’re not.
text: They sit in silence. It’s not awkward, it’s nice. London
text: beams under a rare cloudless sky.
speaker_heading: NICK (CONT'D)
dialog: When I said I’d never done a
dialog: wedding before, I didn’t say that
dialog: no one ever asked. I just never
dialog: said yes.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: So, why’d you say yes to me?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: There was something in your voice
text: on the phone that day.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Desperation?
text: Nick doesn’t acknowledge her joke. Kat sneaks a look at him.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I think it was hope.
text: Kat hides a smile as her leg touches his. They are both
text: keenly aware of the contact.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: What would you do if you weren't an
dialog: escort?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Make out with you for free.
dialog: 85
dialog: 71.
text: Nick puts his arm around her. Kat laughs.
speaker_heading: NICK (CONT'D)
dialog: What would you do if you stopped
dialog: worrying about what other people
dialog: think?
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Spontaneously combust?
text: They sit in silence a moment. Just then, Ed’s parents drive
text: up in a beautiful old Bentley. Ed’s mother reaches over her
text: embarrassed husband and HOOTS the horn.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. BENTLEY [DRIVING]- LATER
text: George drives through the lush countryside while Lydia 85
text: carries on. In the back seat, Kat drops her head on Nick’s
dialog: shoulder; they’ve clearly been enduring this awhile.
scene_heading: KAT, NICK, AND ED’S PARENTS -- SCENE FORTHCOMING.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FLETCHER-WOOTEN ESTATE
text: Nick, Kat, and Ed’s parents unload the Bentley and carry
text: their bags up the steps of a stately stone mansion.
scene_heading: EXT. BOATHOUSE - FLETCHER-WOOTEN ESTATE - LATER
text: A small boathouse sits at the edge of a charming lake that
text: borders the main property. Nearby, “Jack Ship” struggles to
text: say afloat as PASTY KIDS sun themselves on the moored junker.
text: Ed mans an elaborate grill as GUESTS in summer hats mill
dialog: about.
text: AT A PICNIC TABLE, Victor plays poker with Nick, Kat, and TJ.
text: From the pile of money in front of him, it’s clear Victor’s
text: kicking ass. Victor throws in ten pounds.
speaker_heading: TJ
dialog: (shrewd poker voice)
dialog: You know, I might just call you...
dialog: but if I did...I would lose...
dialog: because my hand blows.
text: She throws down her cards. Kat studies her hand and tosses
dialog: ina bill.
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Call.
text: All eyes are on Nick.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Let’s see what kind of a man my
dialog: daughter’s found for herself.
text: Nick looks down at his money. Ten pounds. He reaches into
text: his pocket and pulls out a HUGE WAD OF CASH. Everyone is in
text: shock but he doesn’t notice. He strips off a hundred, tosses
text: it in the pot, and takes back sixty.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Raise you thirty.
text: Victor raises an eyebrow.
text: ON TJ, looking at Nick. She leans over to Kat and whispers--
speaker_heading: TJ
dialog: (re: Nick’s penis)
dialog: Can I see it? Just for a sec?
text: Kat laughs and hits TJ.
speaker_heading: TJ (CONT’D)
dialog: Come on, it’s so not fair. At
dialog: least describe it to me.
text: Just then, Nick's cell phone RINGS. Victor plucks the phone
text: out of Nick's hand. Kat darts a worried look at Nick and
text: reaches for the phone.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Daddy!
text: Victor won’t give it up. He answers.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: I’m sorry, Nick's about to win a
dialog: pile of my money. He's gonna have
dialog: to call you back.
text: Kat and Nick are frozen as Victor listens.
speaker_heading: VICTOR (CONT’D)
dialog: Thank you for your understanding,
dialog: ma’am. And good luck putting out
dialog: that fire.
dialog: 73.
text: He hangs up the cell phone and looks quizzically at Nick.
speaker_heading: VICTOR (CONT’D)
dialog: What is it you do again?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: What would you say if I told you I
dialog: was a member of an elite task force
dialog: employed to safeguard our nation’s
dialog: most precious resource: your
dialog: daughter.
text: Victor snorts.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Oh, yeah, shrink. Call.
text: Kat hides her relief. Victor throws in the cash.
speaker_heading: VICTOR (CONT’D)
dialog: Let me save you some trouble. My
text: old man hit the bottle like it was
dialog: his job and he had a mean streak as
dialog: wide as the English Channel. So,
dialog: me? I drink in moderation and have
dialog: never raised my voice around a kid.
text: Kat throws in thirty pounds. Victor lays down a PAIR OF ACES
speaker_heading: AND TWOS.
speaker_heading: VICTOR (CONT’D)
dialog: What do you say to that?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I say that feeling compelled to do
dialog: the opposite of your parents is as
text: enslaving as emulating them.
text: Nick lays down his hand. THREE KINGS. Victor shakes his
text: head. Nick glances at Kat. She twinkles at him, then lays
text: down a LOW STRAIGHT.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: That’s my girl!
text: She does a little dance as she swipes the pile of money
text: toward her. Nick can’t believe it.
speaker_heading: VICTOR (CONT’D)
dialog: Best thing about being a dad is
dialog: when your kid starts kicking your
dialog: ass--
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: --and the ass of the man who adores
dialog: her.
text: Nick rises from the table, but his comment lingers. Kat
text: searches his face, wondering if he was serious. He holds her
text: gaze a moment, then begins picking up the cards.
text: Ed appears holding a plate piled high with bangers.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Anybody seen my future-wife?
dialog: (re: sausages)
dialog: She’11 kill me if I don’t serve her
dialog: first.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Have you guys ever had a real
dialog: honest-to-God fight?
dialog: Ed thinks about that.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (lying)
dialog: Of course.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Yeah, right.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: I hear that make-up sex is the best
dialog: kind. Unfortunately, I’1l never
dialog: know.
text: Victor calls out to Nick--
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Hey, Sigmund, you think you could
dialog: rustle up the bride and tell her to
dialog: join the party?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Will do.
text: Nick smiles at Kat and heads toward the boathouse. Kat
text: watches with a hint of apprehension.
text: FOLLOW NICK, walking across a carpet of pine needles. He
text: passes through a latticework of shadows and steps into the
dialog: boathouse- -
dialog: 75.
scene_heading: INT. BOATHOUSE - FLETCHER-WOOTEN ESTATE - SAME
text: NICK’S POV: Amy and Jeffrey, their backs turned, are in the
text: middle of an argument.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: (pulling her arm away)
dialog: I said no! I’m getting married
dialog: tomorrow! What do you want from
dialog: me?
text: Amy turns and sees Nick. Her face falls. Jeffrey sees him,
text: too, and blanches, then badly covers--
speaker_heading: JEFFREY
dialog: Right, then. I’1l get youa
dialog: Tofurky Burger instead.
text: Jeffrey walks out stiffly and Amy, mortified, turns and
text: stares blankly out the window.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Sorry to interrupt. Your dad sent
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: What for?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: To make sure you’re okay.
text: Amy turns around and looks at the tiny boathouse. Although
text: it had looked perfect to us before, under her gaze, we see
text: all the cracks and dirt.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: You know all that “if these walls
dialog: could talk” stuff? Do you believe
dialog: it? That a place has a memory?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Actually, I do.
text: Amy’s expression clouds as her eyes fall on the bedroom door.
text: Through the open door, Nick can see a small bed surrounded by
text: bookshelves.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: This place has been in Ed’s family
dialog: forever. We used to spend weekends
dialog: out here every summer.
dialog: (with a sigh)
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: AMY (cont'd)
dialog: God, I hope it doesn’t remember
dialog: everything.
text: LAUGHTER floats in from outside, an ironic soundtrack to
text: Amy’s desperation.
text: Nick pushes out the chair across from him. Amy looks at him
text: a moment, then sits down.
scene_heading: EXT. LAKE
text: Kat is standing with her mother, absentmindedly looking for
text: Nick, when Jeffrey approaches.
speaker_heading: JEFFREY
dialog: May I have a word? It’ll be just a
dialog: minute.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: Let me think. You stole seven
dialog: years of her life with your charm
dialog: and your bullshit and now you want
dialog: a couple more minutes? Sure. Go
text: right ahead.
text: As Jeffrey walks away, Kat whispers to her mother.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Thanks for the solidarity, but next
dialog: time? A little less information.
text: Kat follows Jeffrey toward the lake.
scene_heading: INT. BOATHOUSE - FLETCHER-WOOTEN ESTATE
text: Amy is now sitting across from Nick at the kitchen table.
text: Nick is shell-shocked.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Does Kat know?
text: Amy doesn’t even bother shaking her head.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: It was such a long time ago.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Still--
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: If Ed ever found out....
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Or Kat....
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: And she wonders why I swim to the
dialog: bottom of a Lemondrop every time I
dialog: see her.
text: Nick pushes back from the table. He’s at a loss for words.
scene_heading: EXT. LAKE
text: Jeffrey speaks to Kat with disarming sincerity. Kat tries to
text: keep her guard up, but despite herself, she’s listening.
speaker_heading: JEFFREY
dialog: You were so good to me. I swear I
dialog: never meant to hurt you. We were
dialog: together what, five years?
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Seven if you count the on-and-off
dialog: years. Which I do.
speaker_heading: JEFFREY
dialog: Right. Seven.
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: Christ, that’s a long time, isn’t
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Not for a dog.
speaker_heading: JEFFREY
dialog: Well, we had a lot of good years
dialog: but then...
text: Jeffrey fumbles.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Is this supposed to be an apology?
speaker_heading: JEFFREY
dialog: It’s not supposed to be anything,
dialog: Kat. It’s just my rather feeble
dialog: attempt to.... Oh, I don’t know.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You see, I thought I could deny my
dialog: feelings--
text: Something catches Kat’s eye: Nick exiting the boathouse.
text: Even from this distance, she knows that something is wrong.
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: JEFFREY (CONT’D)
dialog: You’re not even listening.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: When we were together I was “too
dialog: here,” now I’m not here enough.
text: FOLLOW KAT, as she walks away from Jeffrey through a stand of
text: trees and meets Nick.
text: In the background, Jeffrey watches, confused, then walks
text: away. Kat reaches out and touches Nick’s arm, tentatively.
speaker_heading: KAT (CONT'D)
dialog: Are you okay?
text: Kat’s tenderness finds its way into Nick. It takes hima
text: moment to recover.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Yeah. You?
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Yeah.
text: They look at each other a moment.
speaker_heading: KAT (CONT'D)
dialog: Let’s go.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRYSIDE - DAY
text: Nick and Kat walk back to the main house. Side by side, they
text: cut through a picturesque glen. Nick shoots Kat an anxious
text: glance, deciding whether to reveal what he knows.
text: Kat catches him and smiles back, sweetly. Nick takes her
text: hand and kisses it, surprising her. His eyes turn back
text: toward the house but he doesn’t let go of her hand.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - FLETCHER-WOOTEN ESTATE - NIGHT
text: Kat is getting ready. She's up on her tiptoes, doing her
text: make-up in the mirror. The radio is blaring Air Supply. Kat
text: sings along, passionately, embarrassingly.
text: Kat was clearly lying about not liking the cheesy greatest
text: hits. She knows every word. Somehow, she seems different
text: freer. She's singing like she means it.
dialog: 79.
scene_heading: EXT. BALCONY - FLETCHER-WOOTEN ESTATE
text: Nick and Victor, sipping cocktails, stand on a back balcony
text: overlooking the party preparations. In the backyard below,
text: Bunny zips around, hissing orders at the STAFF.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: You, with the hair and all the
dialog: bright ideas. Paper lantern plus
dialog: open flame equals no-no.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: That woman is insane. God damn if
dialog: I don’t love her.
text: Nick wants to come clean but can’t find the courage. He
text: chooses his words carefully.
speaker_heading: NICK
text: Kat does this thing. She stands on
text: her tiptoes when she’s looking in
dialog: the mirror. You ever notice that?
text: Victor smiles, he knows what Nick’s talking about.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: I remember the day I met Kat. It
dialog: was in New York. I’d been dating
dialog: Bunny for a few months, and she
dialog: finally trusted me enough to
dialog: introduce me to her kid. So I’m
text: over at her place and in walks this
dialog: little monster that won’t stop
dialog: talking.
dialog: (remembering)
text: She hands me a walkie-talkie made
text: out of an orange juice can and
text: drags me over to her fort. The
dialog: fort was this lop-sided mess of
text: blankets and the walkie-talkie
dialog: almost took my ear off, but she was
dialog: having the time of her life.
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: That was it. I was a goner.
text: A wave of nostalgia passes over him.
speaker_heading: VICTOR (CONT’D)
dialog: That was the day I became a dad. And
dialog: from that moment on, I just knew.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: VICTOR(cont 'd)
dialog: I’d give that little girl everything
dialog: she ever needed, I’d love her
dialog: unconditionally, and I wouldn’t let
text: her out of the house until she was
dialog: thirty.
text: Nick laughs.
speaker_heading: VICTOR (CONT’D)
dialog: You think it’s going to get easier
dialog: when they get older. That you’re
dialog: going to worry about them less. Or
dialog: trust the world more. But that’s
dialog: just not how it goes.
text: They stand in silence a moment.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I’m not sure if this is going to
dialog: make sense to you, Sir, but I’d
dialog: like to ask permission to date your
dialog: daughter.
text: Victor gives Nick an intense but unreadable look
speaker_heading: VICTOR (CONT’D)
dialog: The ladies are fond of you, Nick.
dialog: I can see that. I also see that
dialog: whatever else you are, you’re a
dialog: helluva good guy.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: She paid a real price dating
dialog: Jeffrey. This will be different
dialog: won’t it?
text: Nick’s not sure what Victor knows. He wants to assure him,
text: to make promises. Instead, he says nothing. Victor and Nick
text: look at each other, a silent understanding between them.
scene_heading: EXT. GARDEN - FLETCHER-WOOTEN ESTATE - LATER
text: The rehearsal dinner is underway. Strung with paper
text: lanterns, the yard looks enchanted. The usual suspects are
text: packed around a candle-lit table, absorbed in lively
text: conversation. Jeffrey, brooding, doesn’t engage, just drinks
dialog: heavily.
text: At the center of it all, Nick is quietly relishing being a
text: part of this family dinner. Kat and Nick make eye contact.
text: They’ve finally caught up with the couple they were
text: pretending to be at the beginning of the weekend.
text: Bunny’s voice cuts through the din like a knife--
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: I blame Tony Pee-Pants!
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Oh, no.
dialog: (to Nick)
dialog: She tells this story at every major
dialog: holiday.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: Why should this be any different?
dialog: (taking Nick’s arm)
dialog: Besides, I have to initiate Nick
dialog: into the family.
dialog: (to Nick)
dialog: I blame Tony for why my two girls
dialog: can’t seem to get along.
dialog: Kat and Amy moan, here we go.
speaker_heading: BUNNY (CONT’D)
dialog: Oh, don’t deny it. You barely
dialog: tolerate each other.
speaker_heading: TJ
dialog: It’s true. All you have in common
dialog: is that you both secretly want to
dialog: be me.
dialog: (raising her glass)
dialog: Cheers.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: (to Nick)
text: She blames Tony Pee-Pants
dialog: Pinterello for everything. The
dialog: fall of the British Empire, the
dialog: Cold war, the internet.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: It was just after we moved here.
dialog: My little girls got in a fight over
dialog: Tony Pee-Pants and they haven’t
dialog: made up since.
text: Amy rolls her eyes, saves them all from Bunny by telling the
dialog: story herself.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Apparently, Kat and I were
dialog: inseparable.
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: If Kat ate a banana, Amy threw it
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: TJ
dialog: If Amy threw it up, Kat ate it.
text: Lydia is vaguely disgusted. She pulls a face. Bunny waves
text: hand in front of her eyes. This story always kills her.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: We were eating and puking together
dialog: in harmony until one day, Tony
dialog: walked me home from school. He was
dialog: my first boyfriend.
dialog: (pointedly)
dialog: I was fourteen.
speaker_heading: AMY
text: So Tony Pee-Pants starts ignoring
dialog: Kat. He wanted to play with me.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: You practically bribed him with
dialog: your erector set.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (aside, to Kat)
text: Fourteen and he’s hoodwinked by a
dialog: an erector set?
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: I didn’t say he was worth it.
text: They share a private smile.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Whatever. The point is, Tony ended
text: up with a chair in his face.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: (in her defense)
text: It was plastic. And child-sized.
dialog: But there were some stitches
dialog: involved.
speaker_heading: TJ
dialog: Like fifteen.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Dad made me go over and apologize
dialog: the next day.
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: I’m an American and in America,
dialog: people sue. So to prevent a
dialog: lawsuit, I baked a tart. And I
dialog: don’t bake.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: So Dad rang the bell and when Tony
dialog: Pee-Pants opened the door, I threw
text: the tart at him and popped his
dialog: stitches.
text: Victor laughs, remembering. Bunny hits him on the arm.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Sorry.
text: He chuckles again.
speaker_heading: VICTOR (CONT’D)
dialog: You should have seen his face--
text: (he makes a surprised
dialog: face)
text: Then, boom. Right in the kisser.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: (shaking her head)
dialog: What happened to my little angels?
text: Amy and Kat both ignore their mother, who’s misting up.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: And that’s when he peed in his
dialog: pants? After the tart?
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: He bled a bunch, but no, there was
dialog: no peeing.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: So what’s with the nickname?
dialog: They all think about that.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: I have absolutely no idea.
text: Everyone laughs.
dialog: 84.
scene_heading: EXT. GARDEN - FLETCHER-WOOTEN ESTATE - LATER
text: Many of the guests have gone. Empty bottles of wine litter
text: the table. Only the immediate family, TJ, Nick and Jeffrey
text: remain. Jeffrey’s still drinking heavily and Kat’s not at
dialog: the table.
scene_heading: INT. WINE CELLAR - FLETCHER-WOOTEN ESTATE
text: Kat pulls a bottle of wine off the top shelf just as someone
text: comes up behind her. Kat feels a hand on her back, spins
text: around and drops the bottle. Jeffrey reaches out and grabs
text: it before it drops. She looks at his somber face, takes the
text: bottle, and sets it back on the shelf.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Okay, let’s do this. What’s the
dialog: big confession?
scene_heading: EXT. GARDEN - FLETCHER-WOOTEN ESTATE - SAME
text: Nick looks for Kat. Concern crosses his face as he notices
text: that Jeffrey’s gone, too. Nick picks up a couple of empty
text: wine bottles off the table.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - FLETCHER-WOOTEN ESTATE - MOMENTS LATER
text: Nick drops the bottles into a recycling bin then looks over
text: at the basement door.
scene_heading: INT. WINE CELLAR - FLETCHER-WOOTEN ESTATE - SAME
text: Nick stands at the top of the cellar stairs. He’s
text: eavesdropping, partially concealed by the half-open door.
speaker_heading: JEFFREY (0.S.)
dialog: Well, in a way, you were right.
dialog: The prob was, you were in love. I
dialog: wanted to be. But I wasn’t.
text: INTERCUT WITH JEFFREY AND KAT:
speaker_heading: JEFFREY (CONT'D)
dialog: If I’d have confessed, you would
dialog: have forgiven me. But the truth
dialog: is, I didn’t want to be forgiven.
dialog: I sort of just needed it to end.
dialog: 85.
text: Kat processes Jeffrey’s words, tries to be open.
speaker_heading: JEFFREY (CONT’D)
dialog: Bollocks, I’m sorry. I had no idea
dialog: this would be so difficult
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Relax. Take a breath and just say
dialog: it. It’s no big deal. I promise.
speaker_heading: JEFFREY
dialog: Brilliant.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Well, it was a big deal. As late
dialog: as...yesterday. Or this morning.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But not anymore.
text: Nick smiles.
speaker_heading: KAT (CONT'D)
dialog: And you were right -- it is why I
dialog: brought Nick with me...because I
dialog: wanted to drive you insane. To
dialog: torture you slowly, for the entire
dialog: weekend. But then something
dialog: happened. I started to fall for
dialog: him. And now, and I hope this
dialog: doesn’t hurt your feelings, now I’m
dialog: sick of you and me, of our story.
text: Nick, almost giddy with happiness, moves away from the door
text: then back towards it again. Finally, he closes it quietly
text: and leaves.
text: Downstairs, Kat takes Jeffrey’s hand.
speaker_heading: KAT (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s the past. It’s nothing but
dialog: ghosts. So just get it off your
dialog: chest, then let’s go back upstairs
dialog: and eat some tiramisu.
speaker_heading: JEFFREY
dialog: I slept with your sister.
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: I’m sorry?
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: JEFFREY
dialog: I shagged Amy. Two years ago.
dialog: That’s why I ended it. And then
dialog: after you left, sod it, we kept at
dialog: it like rabbits until we both
dialog: realized it was absolutely mad.
dialog: And, you know, morally wrong. Then
dialog: there was that one other time. And
dialog: that was it.
text: Kat stares at him, blood pounding in her ears.
speaker_heading: JEFFREY (CONT'D)
dialog: Last Christmas when Ed proposed, I
dialog: realized...I’m in love with her. I
dialog: can’t lose her.
text: She feels like she’s trapped in a horror movie. She’s got to
text: get out of here. In a daze, she turns around and heads
text: toward the stairs.
speaker_heading: JEFFREY (CONT’D)
dialog: What? Good lord, say something.
dialog: You said I should tell you the
dialog: truth.
text: Kat stops dead, her jaw stiffens. When she turns and looks
text: at him, her face is filled with loathing.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: I wasted two years grieving this?
text: Kat laughs. It is so close to tears, that the sound catches
text: in her throat. She shakes her head, wearily, and
text: mechanically walks up the stairs.
scene_heading: EXT. GARDEN - FLETCHER-WOOTEN ESTATE
text: Kat emerges like a sleepwalker. She looks for Nick, doesn’t
text: find him anywhere. She drifts toward the table. Jeffrey
text: appears in the doorway behind her.
text: TJ is the first to look up. She sees Kat’s face, sees
text: Jeffrey, and knows what happened. TJ goes to Kat.
speaker_heading: TJ
dialog: Oh, no. He told you.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: You knew?
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: TJ
dialog: I’m so sorry.
text: Kat shakes her head and looks past TJ to Amy. Amy meets her
text: sister’s gaze and instantly gets it. Desperate to keep this
text: from Ed, she heads Kat off.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Please don’t say anything.
text: Kat looks at Amy like they’ve never met. Amy’s eyes are
text: wild, silently pleading.
speaker_heading: AMY (CONT'D)
dialog: Please.
text: Kat has never felt more alone. She looks everywhere for
dialog: Nick.
text: He finally emerges from the house and comes to Kat’s rescue,
text: folding her in his arms. Kat holds onto him for dear life.
dialog: Then- -
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: (to Nick)
dialog: I can’t believe you told her!
text: Kat pulls away from Nick, confused. As she stumbles
text: backwards, all she sees is Nick’s face. All she hears is
text: Amy’s voice, miles away.
speaker_heading: AMY (0.S.)
dialog: You said your job was discretion.
dialog: You couldn’t wait until you got
dialog: back to New York?
text: Bunny and Victor watch, confused, as Kat runs out. Nick runs
text: after her as Ed approaches Jeffrey.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: What’s going on?
text: Jeffrey looks straight at his best friend.
speaker_heading: JEFFREY
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (skeptical)
dialog: Doesn’t look like nothing.
text: Jeffrey puts his arm around Ed.
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: JEFFREY
dialog: Now is not the time to catch on.
dialog: (re: Ed’s empty glass)
dialog: It is, however, time for another
dialog: round.
scene_heading: EXT. FLETCHER-WOOTEN ESTATE
text: Kat staggers down the moonlit lane. She’s barely staving off
text: a breakdown. Nick runs up behind her.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Kat!
text: Kat charges forward, blindly, as Nick follows.
speaker_heading: NICK (CONT'D)
dialog: Come on! Don’t be--
text: Kat’s anger swells, she spins around.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: What?! I can’t believe I trusted
dialog: you! How could you not tell me!?
text: Nick sees the pain in Kat’s face. It’s pain for Jeffrey, for
dialog: the past.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: Jesus, Kat. What did you want me
dialog: to say? That your sister slept
dialog: with your fiancé? That everybody
dialog: knew and no one respected you
dialog: enough to tell you?
text: Nick is not used to being angry. He grows uneasy, hedges--
speaker_heading: NICK (CONT'D)
dialog: Besides, you hired me for my
dialog: discretion.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: You’ve always got that to hide
dialog: behind, don’t you? It’s just
dialog: business!
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Yeah! For all I know, come Monday
dialog: morning, we’ll go back to the real
dialog: world and...and you’1l be hiring me
dialog: for your best friend!
dialog: 89.
text: Kat’s face fills with hurt
speaker_heading: NICK (CONT'D)
dialog: I mean, come on. Did you actually
dialog: think we’d be boyfriend and
dialog: girlfriend?
text: This stops Kat a moment, then--
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: You let me make a fool of myself!
dialog: You lied to me! I don’t know why
dialog: that surprises me because lying is
dialog: what you do. It’s your job. It’s
dialog: who you are. How would you even
dialog: know if something were real?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You’re judging me?! Oh, that’s a
dialog: good one. You’re lying to me
dialog: you’re lying to your family, and
dialog: you’re lying to yourself. But
dialog: you’re going to stand there and
dialog: point a finger at me? The man you
dialog: hired to pretend to be your
dialog: boyfriend?
dialog: Each wants the other to fight for it. But neither
text: does. Kat gives up.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: You’re right. I was so desperate
dialog: to make everyone believe I was
dialog: happy that I spent six grand ona
dialog: lie. And after all that? The only
dialog: one who ended up falling for it was
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Go ahead, Kat. Hate me. You were
dialog: running out of steam on the whole
dialog: Jeffrey thing. Maybe now you’1ll be
dialog: able to hold onto this just long
dialog: enough to ruin your next
dialog: relationship.
text: Nick’s had enough. He turns and walks away, leaving Kat
text: stunned.
dialog: 90.
scene_heading: EXT. FLETCHER-WOOTEN ESTATE - LATER
text: The party is over, the house lights low. Moonlight washes
text: over Nick as he carries his packed suitcase to his car. Ed
text: comes out of the house, jogs up to Nick.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I’1l just check into a hotel.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Don’t be ridiculous. It’s late and
dialog: the place is empty. Just take my
dialog: car.
text: Ed hands him a set of keys.
speaker_heading: ED (CONT’D)
dialog: I don’t know what’s going on with
dialog: you two, but I’m sure it’1l work
dialog: out. You couldn’t be more perfect
dialog: for her if she picked you out of a
dialog: catalogue.
text: Nick smiles, wearily.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Thanks, man.
text: Nick tosses his bag in back and gets in the car.
scene_heading: INT. SITTING ROOM - FLETCHER-WOOTEN ESTATE - SAME
text: Kat stands at the window, her eyes puffy. She watches as
text: Nick drives away, then she turns around.
text: Her mom and dad wait in the darkened living room. Kat tries
text: to be strong, but then she goes to her father, burying
text: herself in his arms. Bunny hides a pang of disappointment as
text: she gently touches Kat’s head.
scene_heading: INT. KAT’S ROOM - FLETCHER-WOOTEN ESTATE - LATER
text: Kat straightens up her room. A KNOCK on the door and Amy
text: walks in.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Hey.
dialog: 91.
text: Kat keeps cleaning up.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: I just wanted to say thank you.
dialog: For not outing me in front of Ed.
dialog: I want to tell him. Just not on
dialog: the night before our wedding. With
dialog: these kind of things, timing is
dialog: everything.
text: Kat turns on her sister, she’s smiling.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: You’re right. You should really
dialog: time it right so when he hears that
dialog: you repeatedly screwed his best
dialog: friend, he doesn’t feel like the
text: world is collapsing around him and
dialog: there’s no escape because you
dialog: tricked him into marrying you.
text: Amy wasn’t ready for Kat’s intensity, she backs towards the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: You know what? I’m not having this
dialog: conversation right now.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Sure, disappear. We’ve been
dialog: walking away our whole lives.
text: Amy turns around and faces Kat, willing to hear anything.
speaker_heading: KAT (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m not even going to discuss the
dialog: fact that you screwed my fiancé
dialog: because you’ve always been a
text: spoiled, amoral, little princess.
text: Amy looks horrified but Kat’s not backing down.
speaker_heading: KAT (CONT'D)
dialog: But I put up with all of it because
dialog: I really believed that deep down,
dialog: you loved me and you were a good
dialog: person. I really thought you
dialog: deserved someone like Ed. God I
dialog: envied you guys. Somehow, he made
dialog: your selfish bullshit seem okay.
text: Almost endearing.
text: Amy looks at Kat with tears in her eyes.
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: KAT (CONT'D)
dialog: And now I know. You didn’t deserve
dialog: any of it. You were just lucky.
text: Kat looks at her sister, sadly.
speaker_heading: KAT (CONT'D)
dialog: Don’t worry, Amy. Your wedding
dialog: will be perfect. Tomorrow, I’11
dialog: smile and say all the right things
dialog: and you’1l deal with Ed when you’re
dialog: ready. But right now, tonight, I
dialog: can’t pretend it’s okay.
text: Amy, stricken, exits. As she leaves, her shoulders start to
text: shake. She is crying. Kat’s reflex is to go to her, but she
text: stops herself. It’s too soon to forgive. She walks over and
text: closes the door.
scene_heading: INT. BOATHOUSE - FLETCHER-WOOTEN ESTATE - SAME
text: Nick stands, alone in the darkened boathouse, speaking on his
dialog: cell phone.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: And that’s the first flight out?
text: He writes something down on a piece of paper.
speaker_heading: NICK (CONT'D)
dialog: All right, thank you.
text: He hangs up and sits down on the edge of the bed. He looks
text: at the floor. At nothing.
scene_heading: INT. KAT’S ROOM - FLETCHER-WOOTEN ESTATE
text: Kat lies in bed. She stares at the ceiling. At nothing.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. KAT’S ROOM - FLETCHER-WOOTEN ESTATE - MORNING
text: Kat’s eyes flutter open. She’s not refreshed and she doesn’t
dialog: feel better. The only thing that’s changed is that it’s
text: morning. Kat looks up at the ceiling.
speaker_heading: KAT (0.S.)
dialog: I’m okay.
dialog: 93.
text: CU ON KAT’S FACE, STARING INTO CAMERA. SHE SEES NOTHING.
scene_heading: INT. HAIR DRESSER - DAY
text: Kat’s make-up is flawless and her hair is perfect but her
text: eyes are clouded with pain and sleeplessness.
speaker_heading: BUNNY (0.S.)
dialog: I don’t believe you.
text: Bunny sits next to Kat in a barber’s chair.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: No, I’m fine, really. Nothing a
text: bottle of Jack and a straight razor
dialog: can’t fix.
text: Kat’s trying to be light, but her eyes are a dead giveaway.
text: Kat draws in a long breath, trying to summon some semblance
dialog: of joy.
speaker_heading: KAT (CONT'D)
dialog: Anyway, it doesn’t matter. Today’s
dialog: Amy’s day.
text: She braves a glance at her mother’s face. Bunny’s not
dialog: buying.
scene_heading: EXT. CAR PARK - HAIR DRESSER
text: Kat stands in the car park behind the salon, furtively
text: sucking on a cigarette as she pulls off an old nicotine
text: patch. Choking, she throws down the cigarette as the salon
text: door opens and Bunny steps out.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: What’s going on with you two?
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: I was pretty hard on her last
dialog: night.
dialog: (welling up)
dialog: And now she’s getting married.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: There’s a reason I always tell that
dialog: Tony Pee-Pants story, you know.
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Trust me. This is bigger than Tony
dialog: Pee-Pants.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: (pressing on)
dialog: Before Tony, you and your sister
dialog: were best friends. I couldn’t
dialog: split you up. If your sister ate
dialog: the spinach, you ate the spinach.
dialog: If you threw up--.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Mom, please.
speaker_heading: BUNNY (CONT’D)
dialog: Anyway, when that boy came over, it
dialog: was the first time you ever did
dialog: anything without her.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And Amy wasn’t just jealous...she
dialog: was sad and lonely. She missed
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: She did?
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: So she flirted with Tony, and you
dialog: got mad and sent him away. who did
dialog: that leave?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You and Amy. Reunited.
text: Kat stands, stunned, as Bunny brushes her hand against Kat’s
dialog: cheek.
speaker_heading: BUNNY (CONT’D)
dialog: I wish I had known it would go by
dialog: so fast.
text: Kat watches, full of emotion, as Bunny leaves with tears in
text: her eyes.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH
text: A series of images as Wedding preparations transform the
text: austere church. A carpet is unrolled down the aisle. A
text: bouquet is affixed to a pew. Programs are laid out.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 112
dialog: 95.
text: A HAND ZIPPING UP A SUITCASE.
scene_heading: INT. BOATHOUSE - FLETCHER-WOOTEN ESTATE 112
text: Bag in hand, Nick locks up the boathouse and sets the keys on
text: top of the door frame.
scene_heading: EXT. FLETCHER-WOOTEN ESTATE
text: Limos wait outside both Kat’s house and the house next door.
text: Bunny fusses with Amy’s dress as they walk toward the car.
text: Victor and Kat follow, arm in arm.
text: ANGLE ON VICTOR AND KAT. Victor looks at Kat, who is trying
dialog: to be brave. It’s almost working.
scene_heading: INT. ANNEX - CHURCH
text: Amy nervously fusses with her dress when Kat walks in. Kat
text: stops when she sees her sister, glowing in a beam of dusty
text: light. It takes Kat’s breath away.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Wow. You look beautiful.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Yeah. Most important day of my
dialog: life. Whatever. Listen, I chose
dialog: you to be my Maid of Honor for a
dialog: lot of reasons: I love you, you’re
dialog: my favorite, and only, half-sister
dialog: blah blah blah. But the main
dialog: reason I picked you is because
dialog: you’ve been so miserable for the
dialog: past few years, I knew you wouldn’t
dialog: outshine me.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But here it is, my big day. My big
dialog: day. And something doesn’t feel
dialog: right. Maybe it was that pep talk
dialog: you gave me last night, I don’t
dialog: know, but your misery just isn’t
dialog: working for me anymore.
text: Amy tries to keep up her tough attitude but when she levels
text: her gaze at Kat, her eyes cloud with a regret deeper than we
dialog: thought her capable of.
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: AMY (CONT'D)
dialog: It was a horrible thing I did to
dialog: you. I’m really sorry.
text: Amy takes her sister’s hand. Then lets it drop.
speaker_heading: AMY (CONT'D)
dialog: I know you hate when I get what I
dialog: want. But right now, all I want is
dialog: for you to be happy.
text: ON KAT as this sinks in.
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCH
text: Kat pushes open the heavy church doors. Organ music floods
text: out as Kat surreptitiously looks up and down the street.
text: Victor appears behind her. Kat looks at her dad and forces a
text: smile. Victor knows she’s upset.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: So why’d you let him go?
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: It’s complicated, Dad.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: (ironically)
dialog: Oh, well, then. It probably won’t
dialog: work out.
text: Victor stops and faces her, his voice full of meaning.
speaker_heading: VICTOR (CONT’D)
dialog: I read a fascinating article in the
dialog: New Yorker once and this guy said:
dialog: “Every woman has the exact love
dialog: life she wants.” You know what? I
dialog: agree. And I refuse to believe
dialog: that this is what you want.
text: Kat is overwhelmed but Victor continues.
speaker_heading: VICTOR (CONT’D)
dialog: Ever since you were a little kid,
dialog: you’ve been trying to please other
dialog: people. And in return for your
dialog: services, all they’ve done is
dialog: disappoint you.
dialog: (beat)
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: VICTOR(cont'd)
dialog: So tell me, is this the guy for
dialog: you?
text: Kat thinks about this.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Then for once in your life, do
dialog: something for yourself.
text: Kat looks at him gratefully and makes a silent decision.
scene_heading: INT. CAR [DRIVING]
text: Kat speeds down the road in her parents’ car. The empty boat
text: trailer clatters behind her
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH
text: Amy watches through a crack in the door as the GUESTS take
dialog: their seats.
scene_heading: INT. ANNEX - CHURCH
text: Amy paces nervously. Ed knocks and enters, covering his eyes
text: so he doesn’t see her dress.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Your mother said you’d like a quick
dialog: word.
text: Amy takes Ed’s hands away from his eyes. From the look on
text: her face, Ed knows something is wrong.
scene_heading: INT. WOODS
text: Kat races through the woods, trying to keep her dress from
text: catching on the branches that whip at her on all sides.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH
text: The Guests are all seated now, and the organ has begun its
text: mood music. In the atrium just outside the church, the
text: entire wedding party, minus Amy and Ed, is gathered, waiting.
dialog: 98.
scene_heading: EXT. BOATHOUSE - FLETCHER-WOOTEN ESTATE
text: Kat bursts into the clearing, her hair tousled, her dress
text: nightmarish. She tries to catch her breath as she looks up
text: to the porch of the boathouse. This is supposed to be the
text: part where she sees Nick and they live happily ever after
scene_heading: INT. BOATHOUSE - FLETCHER-WOOTEN ESTATE
text: Kat desperately searches the rooms of the boathouse. By the
text: time she gets to the kitchen, she knows it’s going to be
text: empty. She opens the door, anyway.
text: Nick’s gone. On the kitchen table, a_brown envelope. Kat
text: picks it up. Written on the front: KAT. She turns it over
text: to open it. On the back it reads: “IT’S ALL THERE, TRUST
text: ME.” Kat laughs at how well Nick knows her. Her eyes fill
dialog: with love.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. CAR [DRIVING]
text: Inside the car, Nick’s face is stoic as he drives, his carry-
text: on on the seat next to him.
scene_heading: INT. ANNEX - CHURCH
text: Amy faces Ed, her eyes red and puffy.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: I was too scared to tell you. I
dialog: thought you’d never speak to me
dialog: again. I’m so sorry.
text: Ed is reeling, he just stares at Amy, saying nothing. Amy’s
text: finally doing her penance. The silence is killing her.
speaker_heading: AMY (CONT'D)
dialog: Say something. Please.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: I knew you were still seeing
dialog: someone else when we finally got
dialog: together. I never in a million
dialog: years would have dreamt it was
dialog: Jeffrey.
text: Ed shakes his head, trying to understand.
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: ED (CONT’D)
dialog: Does Kat know?
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Jeffrey told her last night.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Last night?
text: Ed winces, remembering, then lets out a growl.
speaker_heading: ED (CONT’D)
dialog: That worthless bastard!
text: Ed staggers towards the door.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH
text: Ed slams the door on his way out of the annex. He charges up
text: the aisle, past the pews full of guests.
text: Guests MURMUR in surprise. Ed picks up speed. He's like a
dialog: heat-seeking missile that's found its mark:
text: JEFFREY, stands at the back, chatting up a DUMPY BRIDESMAID.
text: He turns just in time to see Ed running up the aisle. TJ
text: spots Ed, too.
text: Jeffrey’s seen this movie before -- he knows he’s about to
dialog: get his ass kicked.
text: Jeffrey drops everything and starts running. At that moment
text: TJ grabs a FLOWER GIRL and uses the little girl to trip
text: Jeffrey. He falls, scrambles back up and keeps running.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET
text: Kat trudges up the church steps, her head down. Just then
text: the door bursts open and Jeffrey flies out of the church and
text: races down the street. Moments later, Ed explodes from the
text: church and takes off after Jeffrey.
text: Kat watches them run down the street, confused, then goes
dialog: inside.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. CAR [DRIVING]
text: Nick’s staring straight ahead when something
text: STREAKS PAST HIS WINDOW.
dialog: 100.
text: Nick thinks he’s seeing things, looks in the rear-view mirror
text: to investigate. Just then, ANOTHER FORM STREAKS PAST.
text: Nick looks out the back window and sees Ed chasing Jeffrey
text: down the street. Nick shakes his head, but keeps driving.
dialog: This family is not his problem anymore.
text: Nick wills his eyes to stay on the road, but then he can’t
text: help it. He looks into the rear-view mirror again.
text: Almost despite himself, Nick throws the car into a U-turn.
text: He catches up and pulls alongside Ed, who’s still chasing
dialog: Jeffrey.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Hey.
text: Ed looks over at Nick, but keeps running, his tuxedo
text: flailing. Nick keeps pace.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: (winded)
dialog: I look like a total wanker, don’t
dialog: I?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Yeah, kind of.
text: Ed keeps running.
speaker_heading: NICK (CONT'D)
dialog: Only way to beat that guy is to
dialog: take yourself out of the game.
text: Ed finally stops running. Wheezing, he bends over to catch
text: his breath. Nick pulls over.
scene_heading: INT. ANNEX - CHURCH
text: Back inside, Amy nervously awaits her fate. Kat enters. She
text: wants to hug Amy, but offers her a tissue instead. Amy takes
text: it gratefully.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. CAR - LATER
text: Nick and Ed pull up to the church. Nick turns off the car.
text: Neither one of them gets out.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: You heading to the train station?
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I figured you could pick up your
dialog: car tomorrow.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Yeah.
text: They sit in silence, the church looming in front of them.
speaker_heading: ED (CONT’D)
dialog: I felt sorry for you last night. I
text: was sitting there like some smug
dialog: arse thinking how lucky I am.
text: Ed’s clearly struggling. Nick lets him talk.
speaker_heading: ED (CONT’D)
dialog: I forgave her when I thought it was
dialog: just some bloke. Bugger it. Why
dialog: Jeffrey?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I’ve had her up on a pedestal ever
dialog: since...since the day I put her up
dialog: there. It’s going to take a long
dialog: time for me to get over this.
text: Nick tries to find the right words of encouragement.
text: Finally, he takes his best shot
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Think about it this way: you get
dialog: to spend the rest of your life
dialog: having make-up sex.
text: Ed thinks on this a moment. Then he turns to Nick.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Listen, mate, are you coming to
dialog: this wedding or not?
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCH
text: Kat pushes open the heavy doors to take one last look. She
text: steps outside and the door closes, revealing--
text: NICK, now dressed in his tux. He smiles at her.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Hi.
dialog: 102.
text: They take each other in.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: When we were fighting last night,
dialog: it hit me. No one had ever cared
dialog: about me as much as you cared about
dialog: Jeffrey. That’s why I was so
dialog: angry. I’m sorry I took it out on
dialog: you -- I didn’t mean to hurt you.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And then, I was going to get out of
dialog: here and leave you alone, but
dialog: halfway to the station, I realized--
text: From inside, the WEDDING MARCH begins to play. Nick takes
text: her face in his hands.
speaker_heading: NICK (CONT'D)
dialog: I’d rather fight with you than make
dialog: love to anyone else.
text: Kat is speechless. Nick leans down and kisses her like he’s
text: going to keep on kissing her forever. But then, he breaks
dialog: away .
speaker_heading: NICK (CONT'D)
dialog: I should go.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: What?! No, no. You can’t--
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I have to.
dialog: (he smiles)
dialog: I’m the best man.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - CHURCH
text: Nick and Kat stand in a dark doorway, facing the closed door.
text: They share a secret smile in the dark.
text: Just then, the USHER opens the door and Nick leads Kat down
text: the aisle. As they walk, they exchange sidelong glances.
text: Both are as nervous and excited as school kids.
text: Behind them, Victor and Amy beam as they await their turn.
text: Nick leans over and whispers in her ear.
dialog: 103.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH - LATER
text: In the background, Amy and Ed stand at the altar. They hold
text: hands tightly, grateful to have lost and found each other
text: Nick and Kat peek across at each other. They both smile.
speaker_heading: KAT (0.S.)
dialog: “Today is a day for love and for
dialog: beauty. But most of all, it's a
dialog: day for truth.”
scene_heading: INT. TENT - FLETCHER-WOOTEN ESTATE - AFTERNOON
text: Kat speaks into a microphone, trying to deliver her speech.
text: All around her, she sees faces: Mom, Dad, Amy, Ed, TJ. Kat
text: looks down at a crumpled scrap of paper.
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: I’ve been working on this speech
dialog: since these two got engaged. It
dialog: was supposed to be touching and
dialog: funny.
text: Kat looks at Nick. He doesn’t have to do anything. He just
dialog: is support.
speaker_heading: KAT (CONT'D)
dialog: I thought I’d come back to England
dialog: and have an epiphany. I’d see Amy
dialog: and the perfect thing would pop
dialog: into my head and it would
dialog: encapsulate how and why I love my
dialog: sister. But I came home and
dialog: everything was a mess and the truth
dialog: and beauty line was all I could
dialog: come up with.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And I think I stole that from the
text: back of an in-flight magazine.
text: The GUESTS laugh. Kat looks at her mom.
speaker_heading: KAT (CONT'D)
dialog: A wonderful woman once said about
dialog: Amy: “It’s not that I love her
dialog: more, it’s that she lets me love
dialog: her.”
text: Kat raises her glass in a toast
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: KAT (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Ed and Amy)
dialog: It can be the scariest thing in the
dialog: world to let someone love you and
dialog: to know how to love them back.
dialog: Take good care of each other. I
dialog: love you both.
text: Everyone clinks glasses. A few people sniffle or kiss their
text: dates. Kat and Amy hold each other’s gaze. Nearby, Bunny
text: watches her little girls with tears in her eyes.
scene_heading: INT. TENT - FLETCHER-WOOTEN ESTATE - DUSK
text: The STAFF has already started packing up. Ed’s Father
text: whispers something to the BANDLEADER and pulls his wife out
text: on the dance floor. He spins her around as “Ma Vie en Rose”
text: begins to play. She smiles, happily, as they dance.
text: Ed tries to keep a very drunk Amy away from the present
text: table. Slouching on the piano, TJ makes out with her date,
text: Woody, the bartender.
text: The CAMERA FINDS Kat and Nick on the dance floor.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Nice speech. I thought it was
dialog: “touching”... and “funny.”
speaker_heading: KAT
dialog: Thank you.
text: Nick gracefully spins Kat around; they really do dance
dialog: beautifully together.
speaker_heading: KAT (CONT'D)
dialog: Since I’ve generously agreed to go
dialog: out with you, I think it’s only
dialog: fair that you tell me how you got
dialog: into the business?
text: Kat smiles mischievously. Nick pulls her close. He’s
text: finally going to tell her.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You know why I never tell the real
dialog: story of how I got into this?
text: Kat shakes her head, "no." Nick swings her around in an
text: elaborate dip and kisses her on the neck.
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: NICK (CONT'D)
dialog: Because it’s boring.
dialog: (Kat laughs)
dialog: Now if you want to hear a good
dialog: story, let me tell you the one
dialog: about how I got out of it.
text: Kat and Nick smile at each other as their dancing grows more
text: effortless. In the background, Ed tugs a half-opened present
text: out of Amy’s hands and puts it back on the table. She jumps
text: up on his back and he happily carts her off to the loo.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: A HAND COUNTING MONEY IN THE BROWN ENVELOPE.
scene_heading: EXT. BOATHOUSE - FLETCHER-WOOTEN ESTATE - SAME
text: A WORKER finishes counting the money, closes the envelope,
text: and tucks it in his pocket.
text: The CAMERA PULLS BACK as he walks over to TWO OTHER WORKERS,
text: who are scraping paint off a hoisted-up “JACK SHIP.”
text: As the first star appears in the night sky, the music swells
text: and we slowly make out the sounds of the greatest make-up sex
text: of all time, echoing in the distance.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
dialog: 
