scene_heading: THE TIME MACHINE
dialog: by
dialog: John Logan
dialog: February 22, 2000
scene_heading: INT. COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY - LECTURE HALL - DAY
text: Darkness. Then a sound...
text: Click-clack, click-clack, click-clack...
text: The familiar sound of chalk writing on a blackboard.
dialog: Fade up to see...
text: A hand zooming across a blackboard at incredible speed,
text: forming an endless algebraic equation.
text: Amazingly, when the writer reaches the end of the blackboard
text: he does not lift the chalk and return to the left side to
text: begin a new line -- instead he simply loops around and
text: continues writing, right to left, upside down.
text: The college students in his class -- all male and dressed in
text: late Victorian clothes -- smile at this familiar peculiarity
text: and tilt their heads to try and read the endless equation,
text: copying furiously into notebooks.
text: The hand continues to zoom along the blackboard... and then
text: slows... and then stops... the students wait... the hand taps
text: the chalk on the blackboard for a moment and we finally
dialog: see...
text: ALEXANDER HARTDEGEN, a handsome young man not much older than
text: his students, standing at the blackboard. He is gazing out a
text: window, looking at a bird on a tree branch. He smiles.
text: The students glance to one another.
text: Alexander remembers himself and turns back to the blackboard,
text: his hand again flying as:
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: So -- length, width, breadth --
dialog: formulate the area and of course we
dialog: arrive at solid mass. But imagine
dialog: if we continue the equation as I've
dialog: done -- can't we begin to recognize
dialog: another dimension beyond the first
dialog: three? I theorize we begin to find
dialog: duration -- the object's place in
dialog: time. Let's note that as "D"
dialog: here...
dialog: 
text: Alexander reaches the left side of the blackboard and loops
text: around again in an unbroken line to continue the equation
text: from left to right again.
text: The students are hopelessly lost. They finally stop copying
text: and just watch Alexander work, admiring his brilliant
dialog: innovation.
text: Meanwhile, a man watches from the back of the lecture hall.
text: He is DAVID PHILBY, Alexander's closest friend, a bit older.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: .. If we accept the theoretical
dialog: possibility of duration as a fourth
dialog: dimension we find that our equation
dialog: might -- no, that's not right --
text: He erases some numbers quickly with his hand, sending up a
text: cloud of chalk dust, he coughs.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: -- there, that looks more like
dialog: it...
text: He continues to scribble at lightning speed. Then...
text: He begins humming to himself.
text: The students watch, amused. Philby smiles.
text: Alexander finally stops humming and writing. Steps back and
text: looks at the equation. Then he turns to his students.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Does this make any sense to you?
text: The students are confused. One offers:
speaker_heading: STUDENT
dialog: Sir, if I may, wouldn't it be
dialog: easier if you applied a Fibonacci
dialog: sequence to the differential
dialog: coefficient?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: It's not supposed to be easy, it's
dialog: supposed to be beautiful... All of
dialog: you think about that tonight and
dialog: we'll press on tomorrow. Good
dialog: afternoon.
text: The students begin to rise, class over. They leave the
text: classroom talking eagerly about Alexander's theories,
dialog: inspired.
text: A sudden new angle: from above we see Alexander going to
text: Philby, leaving the classroom talking with him. We are in
text: the upper balcony of the classroom. A solitary figure looks
text: down, watching them.
text: This new figure is a thin man with pale skin, dry like
text: parchment. Somehow ominous.
scene_heading: INT. COLUMBIA - HALLWAY - DAY
text: Alexander walks with Philby:
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: .. The point is I know it will
dialog: work once the, um, numbers and such
dialog: are in order.
speaker_heading: PHILBY
dialog: Do you know you were humming?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: I was not.
speaker_heading: PHILBY
dialog: Somewhere around "D+2xy something
dialog: something."
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Damned if I can keep her out of my
dialog: equations.
speaker_heading: PHILBY
dialog: Tonight's the night?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: (checking pocket watch)
dialog: God, and I'm running late --
text: A PRIM WOMAN appears before them:
speaker_heading: PRIM WOMAN
dialog: Dr. Hartdegen, Dr. Philby... Dean
dialog: Fulton would like to see you.
text: Alexander and Philby exchange a look. Gulp. They follow the
dialog: prim woman.
scene_heading: INT. COLUMBIA - DEAN FULTON'S OFFICE - DAY
text: They follow the prim woman, Dean Fulton's secretary, into his
text: dark, paneled office.
speaker_heading: PRIM WOMAN
text: He's outside.
text: Alexander and Philby move through the office and out to a
dialog: garden courtyard...
scene_heading: EXT. COLUMBIA - GARDEN COURTYARD - DAY
text: Oddly, chickens are clucking about the courtyard.
text: The thin man we saw before, DEAN FULTON, is casually tossing
text: down feed for the chickens. With his other hand he carries
text: an umbrella to protect himself from the sun. He does not
dialog: look up.
speaker_heading: DEAN FULTON
dialog: Gentlemen, watch your step.
text: Alexander and Philby stop. Dean Fulton looks up and smiles,
dialog: benevolent.
speaker_heading: DEAN FULTON
dialog: My fowl have polluted the yard.
speaker_heading: PHILBY
dialog: Dean Fulton...
text: Dean Fulton continues to lazily scatter feed for his
dialog: chickens.
speaker_heading: DEAN FULTON
dialog: Dr. Philby, Dr. Hartdegen. I
dialog: received the most extraordinary
dialog: letter last week. From a parent.
dialog: We are always pleased to receive
dialog: letters from parents. They are our
dialog: employers, after all. This
dialog: gentleman's son is in your class,
dialog: Dr. Hartdegen.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: (knows what's coming)
dialog: I see.
speaker_heading: DEAN FULTON
dialog: As I recall the syllabus the name
dialog: of your tutorial is "Applied
dialog: Mathematics and Engineering", am I
dialog: correct?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Exactly correct, sir.
text: Dean Fulton stops scattering feed and gazes at Alexander with
text: a smile.
text: This is an old game between them and they both
dialog: rather enjoy it. To a point.
speaker_heading: DEAN FULTON
dialog: Well, just as I thought. Surely
dialog: it's all been a terrible mistake.
dialog: This parent actually suggested that
dialog: your freshman course in applied
dialog: mathematics has somehow become a
dialog: seminar on theoretical physics!
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Imagine that.
speaker_heading: DEAN FULTON
dialog: But I know that none of my faculty
dialog: would ever deviate from the
dialog: assigned curriculum.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Well... perhaps I have "deviated"
dialog: the tiniest bit.
speaker_heading: DEAN FULTON
dialog: Might I ask why?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Because the assigned curriculum is
dialog: boring.
text: Philby groans very quietly.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Sir, that curriculum is forty years
dialog: out of date. The students today
dialog: are looking toward the new century
dialog: -- they want to be challenged and
text: inspired, not spoon-fed dusty old
dialog: equations that have been proved a
dialog: thousand times. They want to
dialog: explore.
speaker_heading: DEAN FULTON
dialog: Do they?
text: Dean Fulton smiles and then begins to scatter feed again.
dialog: Alexander
dialog: Alexander
speaker_heading: DEAN FULTON
dialog: What are these animals, gentlemen?
text: and Philby exchange a look.
speaker_heading: PHILBY
dialog: Um, your chickens, sir.
dialog: helpfully offers:
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
text: And roosters.
speaker_heading: DEAN FULTON
dialog: No, Dr. Hartdegen, they are not
text: just chickens and roosters. They
dialog: are science. Perhaps they aren't
dialog: "inspiring" to you. Perhaps they
dialog: don't "challenge" you --
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: No, sir --
speaker_heading: DEAN FULTON
dialog: Animal husbandry is science, Dr.
dialog: Hartdegen. I have been breeding
dialog: these fowl for fourteen years. I
dialog: have filled a library with
dialog: information on their feeding
dialog: patterns, social behavior and
dialog: breeding. Empirical, exacting,
dialog: quantifiable records.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Sir --
text: Dean Fulton looks up at him, his eyes cold:
speaker_heading: DEAN FULTON
dialog: “Duration” is not a dimension.
dialog: Scientists do not imagine the world
dialog: around them. They do not wool-
dialog: gather or cloud-spin. They prove.
dialog: They demonstrate. Columbia
dialog: University does not teach fantasy.
text: Philby shoots Alexander a warning look, but Alexander can't
dialog: help himself:
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: With respect, sir, would we have
dialog: the telegraph without fantasy?
dialog: Would we have radium and X-rays
dialog: without someone first dreaming we
dialog: could?
speaker_heading: DEAN FULTON
dialog: The advances you speak of were the
dialog: result of countless years of study
dialog: and empirical experimentation, a
dialog: careful evolutionary process, not
dialog: chalkboard parlor-tricks.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: My equations are not parlor-tricks!
speaker_heading: DEAN FULTON
dialog: Abstract mathematics, relativity of
dialog: dimensions, geometrical "durations"
dialog: - even allowing for the uses of
dialog: speculation, what is the point?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Because it's a new way of seeing
dialog: the world! Of seeing our place in
dialog: it!
speaker_heading: PHILBY
dialog: Sir, if I may --
speaker_heading: DEAN FULTON
dialog: (with finality, to
dialog: Alexander)
dialog: Young man, we have a way of doing
dialog: things here. Radical theorizing is
dialog: not acceptable. Have I made myself
dialog: understood?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: DEAN FULTON
dialog: Very good. Now if you will excuse
dialog: us for a moment.
text: Alexander goes back into the office.
speaker_heading: PHILBY
dialog: If I might explain, sir --
speaker_heading: DEAN FULTON
dialog: You supported his application, Dr.
dialog: Philby. You are his senior,
dialog: advisor. I depend upon you to
dialog: restrain his... excesses. Any
dialog: repetition of the behavior I
dialog: witnessed in his classroom today
dialog: and there will be consequences for
dialog: you both.
speaker_heading: PHILBY
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: DEAN FULTON
dialog: Now you are upsetting my fowl.
dialog: Please go.
text: Philby extricates himself from a chicken pecking at his shoe
dialog: and goes.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER (V.O.)
dialog: He's a dinosaur. He's already
dialog: extinct, he just doesn't know it...
scene_heading: EXT. STREETCAR - DAY
text: Alexander and Philby are in an open horse-drawn streetcar,
text: heading downtown. Everywhere around them, the massive city
text: bustles.
text: New York City at the end of the 19th Century. It is vibrant
text: to the point of frenzy; reaching for the future in a furious
dialog: upheaval of construction.
scene_heading: Title: NEW YORK CITY - MAY 12, 1895 - 5:17 p.m.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: .. One day he'll be discovered by
dialog: some future archeologists and they
dialog: won't know what to make of him.
text: The thick brow, so lacking in
text: imagination. The dim little eyes,
text: devoid of curiosity.
dialog: Alexander
dialog: identical
dialog: Alexander
speaker_heading: PHILBY
dialog: You know generally teachers are
dialog: supposed to teach real equations
dialog: that add up to real numbers.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Where's the challenge in that?
speaker_heading: PHILBY
dialog: Alex, this is your first year as an
dialog: associate professor. You might
dialog: want to play things a little more
dialog: conservatively.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: You sound like my father...
text: points to the masses of grey businessmen, all in
text: bowler hats, marching along the sidewalk:
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Look at them, Philby, all alike,
text: everyone in an identical bowler
dialog: hat. Do you want your students to
dialog: turn out like them?
speaker_heading: PHILBY
dialog: I want my students to emerge with
dialog: theoretical and practical
dialog: knowledge.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: I don't. I want them to run along
dialog: this street and knock off every
text: bowler they see.
speaker_heading: PHILBY
dialog: You may not like it, but this is
dialog: the world we live in, Alex. Little
text: grey men with little grey hats.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: But shouldn't it be better?
dialog: Shouldn't we be teaching our
dialog: students to imagine a world beyond
dialog: all this?
text: points to a new building going up, a complex
text: spider's web of steel girders.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Look at that, Philby. A steel
dialog: frame building. Ten years ago it
dialog: was unheard of. No little grey man
dialog: thought of that. The new Century
dialog: belongs to men who are willing to
dialog: imagine the impossible...
text: Their streetcar passes a few huddled beggars on the curb.
text: The businessmen ignore them. Alexander watches them, his
text: eyes sad.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: In the future, we'll be better.
speaker_heading: PHILBY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Nothing.
scene_heading: EXT. ALEXANDER'S HOUSE - EVENING
text: Alexander's sprawling Victorian house sits on a quiet street.
text: There is a quaint shop right across the street. The shop
text: features a window showing a female mannequin dressed in
text: period clothes. The sign above the shop: BRANSON'S APPAREL
text: AND HABERDASHERY.
text: Alexander and Philby hurry into his house...
scene_heading: INT. ALEXANDER'S HOUSE - EVENING
text: Alexander's house is a lovely world of Victorian elegance
text: constantly at war with his erratic and creative enterprises.
text: Everywhere Alexander's scientific passions are evident:
text: animal skulls rest alongside leather-bound tomes; mechanical
text: inventions in various states of completion rest atop heavy
text: mahogany tables; test tubes and microscopes are spread out on
text: an unused piano.
text: The one facet that most immediately reflects Alexander is
text: aural: the ticking of scores of clocks; a steady metronomic
dialog: cadence.
text: Alexander bounds in, Philby following.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
text: MRS. WATCHIT! MRS. WATCHIT!
text: MRS. WATCHIT, Alexander's housekeeper, troops down the
text: stairs. She is a wry and commanding British woman in her
dialog: 60's.
scene_heading: MRS. WATCHIT
dialog: Oh huzzah, the master's home.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Do you have it?!
scene_heading: MRS. WATCHIT
dialog: Hello, Mr. Philby.
speaker_heading: PHILBY
dialog: Hello, Mrs. Watchit. You're
text: looking in the pink.
scene_heading: MRS. WATCHIT
dialog: Must be all the exercise I get
text: scampering up and down these stairs
text: like a wee lamb.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Don't torture me -- do you have it?
scene_heading: MRS. WATCHIT
dialog: I have it, but don't you think for
dialog: one moment I'll be letting you go
dialog: out in that filthy coat -- now go
dialog: upstairs and change. I've laid out
dialog: your green coat.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: What's the matter with -- ?
dialog: (he notes he is covered
dialog: in chalk dust)
dialog: -- What would I do without you,
dialog: Mrs. Watchit?
text: He bounds up the stairs. Phiby follows.
scene_heading: MRS. WATCHIT
dialog: And change your tie!
text: She bustles off, grumbling happily.
scene_heading: INT. ALEXANDER'S BEDROOM - EVENING
text: Charles Darwin stares at us. Imposing. Inspiring.
text: Challenging.
text: A bust of Darwin looms over Alexander's bedroom.
text: Alexander, in a new coat, is trying to work a complicated
text: knot in his tie. His eyes study the problem in a mirror.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Emma actually likes chalk dust --
dialog: says it smells like me.
speaker_heading: PHILBY
dialog: How romantic...
text: Philby goes to Alexander, helps him with his tie.
speaker_heading: PHILBY
dialog: The most able inventor I know and
dialog: you can't tie a simple four-in-
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: That's how I knew we were destined
dialog: to be together. When I met her
dialog: parents for the first time I came
dialog: right from class and I was covered
text: in chalk. They sniffed and
text: snorted, but she just smiled. At
dialog: that moment -- I just knew. How
dialog: did you know with Molly?
speaker_heading: PHILBY
dialog: She made the best Shepherd's pie I
dialog: ever tasted.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Do you have a romantic bone in your
dialog: body?
speaker_heading: PHILBY
dialog: (completing the tie)
dialog: No, I'm all bowler hat, remember?
text: Alexander quickly goes to his old coat and transfers his
text: pocket watch, journal and many loose scraps of paper covered
dialog: in equations to the new coat as:
speaker_heading: PHILBY
dialog: Alex, really... good luck tonight.
dialog: She's a fine girl, and she's done
dialog: wonderful things for you.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Oh?
speaker_heading: PHILBY
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: She's gotten into your equations.
text: Alexander stops, looks at him. Smiles.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: I guess she has.
text: He glances at his pocket watch.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: I've got to hurry...
text: He hurries out, Philby following...
scene_heading: INT. ALEXANDER'S HOUSE - STAIRS - EVENING
text: Alexander races down the stairs, tucking the watch into his
dialog: vest.
text: They pass a series of clocks of every size and shape that run
text: down the wall along the stairway.
speaker_heading: PHILBY
dialog: All these clocks -- how can you
dialog: constantly be running late?!
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Perseverance.
scene_heading: INT. ALEXANDER'S HOUSE - ENTRY HALL - EVENING
text: Mrs. Watchit waits. Alexander and Philby appear down the
dialog: stairs.
scene_heading: MRS. WATCHIT
dialog: Now that's more like it. You look
dialog: a proper gentlemen for once.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Then if Emma turns me down will you
dialog: marry me?
scene_heading: MRS. WATCHIT
dialog: (dry)
dialog: Oh, I'm already swooning.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Ouch -- all right, wish me luck.
text: He begins to sprint out the door -- Mrs. Watchit stops him
dialog: with:
scene_heading: MRS. WATCHIT
dialog: You might be wanting this?
text: She holds up a velvet ring box. He takes the box.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Oh -- Thanks. Well...
dialog: (a wink to Philby)
dialog: .. Time's a wastin'!
text: With that he is out the door.
text: Mrs. Watchit and Philby stand for a moment, catching their
text: breath after Alexander's tornado of enthusiasm.
speaker_heading: PHILBY
dialog: I wonder if that poor girl has any
dialog: idea what she's in for?
scene_heading: MRS. WATCHIT
dialog: For our sake, I hope not.
scene_heading: EXT. FIFTH AVENUE - NIGHT
text: The many luxurious horse-drawn carriages glide along Fifth
text: Avenue with stately dignity. Rich pedestrians stroll along
text: the sidewalk.
text: Alexander leaps out of a carriage and begins to stride toward
text: an entrance to Central Park.
text: He passes a Flower Seller.
speaker_heading: FLOWER SELLER
dialog: Have some flowers, sir?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Not tonight, thanks.
text: He continues on toward the entrance to the Park -- stops.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: No -- I promised her flowers.
text: He turns around and hurries back toward the Flower Seller.
dialog: But...
text: A sudden mechanical clanking sound makes him stop dead in his
text: tracks. The Siren's song...
text: He turns...
text: Pulled over to the curb is a magnificent Stanley Steamer
text: automobile. It is a glorious collection of bronze and copper
text: and steel and wooden dashboard and leather upholstery and
text: groaning steam tank and clanking engine. Alexander stares,
text: transfixed.
text: Alexander glances at his watch -- running late -- but he just
dialog: can't resist this new marvel. Flowers forgotten, Alexander
text: steps to the MOTORIST, currently tinkering with the car's
dialog: engine.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: It's spectacular...
speaker_heading: MOTORIST
dialog: Thanks. Old Nell's my girl all
dialog: right. Al least when she decides
dialog: to move, stubborn beast.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: (walking around the car,
dialog: admiring)
dialog: I've only read about them -- and
dialog: the new internals.
speaker_heading: MOTORIST
dialog: Now that's what I call plain crazy
dialog: -- internal combustion is just too
dialog: dangerous, all those little
dialog: explosions, never catch on.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: How do you keep the water
dialog: temperature stable?
speaker_heading: MOTORIST
text: There's a cantilevered gasket on
dialog: the --
text: Suddenly -- the car lurches forward dangerously -- Alexander
text: instantly grabs the brake lever and hauls it back -- the car
text: screeches to a stop.
speaker_heading: MOTORIST
dialog: God -- could have killed me -- bad
dialog: girl, Nell! How did you know to do
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: I just love mechanical things.
speaker_heading: MOTORIST
dialog: Well, much obliged -- I'm always
dialog: forgetting the confounded brake --
dialog: say, if you wait until I get her up
dialog: and running I'll give you a
dialog: perambulation. Tell you all about
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: (pained)
dialog: Ahhh... I'm afraid I've got a prior
dialog: commitment.
speaker_heading: MOTORIST
dialog: Next time then. We perambulate
dialog: here most every night.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: You have my word...
text: (he takes a last, longing
dialog: look at the car)
dialog: .. She's just a beauty.
text: He sprints off into Central Park.
scene_heading: EXT. PAVILION - CENTRAL PARK - NIGHT
text: A full moon shines in the night sky.
text: Gentle period music from a band, glowing lanterns hanging
text: down and the swaying shapes of dancers.
text: We are at a beautiful pavilion in Central Park. A magical
text: antique setting of ease and grace. White linen suits and
text: straw boaters. Parasols and high-button shoes.
text: A beautiful woman stands with her back to us watching the
text: dancers... she slowly turns...
text: EMMA smiles.
text: Alexander stands, just watching her, bewitched.
text: Then they come together and kiss lightly, as befits 1895
dialog: decency.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: You're late.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Got here as soon as I could.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Dance with me...
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: You know I can't.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Trust me...
text: She takes his hand and they dance. She is a natural dancer,
text: smooth and gentle. He does his best, following her minute
text: cues with great sensitivity.
dialog: As they dance:
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: You promised me flowers.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: You promised me flowers tonight,
dialog: don't you even remember?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Sorry... I was distracted.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (lightly)
dialog: Well there's something new.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: I need to... um... talk to you.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Talk away, Professor.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Not here... alone. May we?
dialog: Please?
text: She leads him from the dance floor.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Let's walk through the park...
scene_heading: EXT. CENTRAL PARK - PATH - NIGHT
text: Alexander and Emma walk through the park, arm in arm,
text: enjoying the exquisite night.
text: Flickering gaslights provide a dim illumination on the path
text: they follow as it winds through the dark foliage.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (looking at
dialog: constellations)
text: .. Orion's belt, pointing to the
dialog: earth. You see it over the rocks
dialog: there? Sailors consider that an
dialog: omen of good fortune; the hunter
text: watching over them on their
dialog: travels... Are you listening to me,
dialog: Alex?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: (glancing up)
dialog: What? Yes -- Orion -- good fortune
dialog: -- sailors.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: All right, what is it now?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: (nervously)
dialog: Emma, you know I have great...
dialog: admiration for you.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Admiration? My my.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: I mean... well... affection.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: You're getting warmer.
text: He stops.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Oh dammit, I love you! I can't
dialog: eat, I can't sleep, I can't think,
dialog: all I do is moon over you and --
dialog: hum, apparently.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (mock seriously)
dialog: And what do you propose, Professor?
dialog: Shall we hold a seminar to study
dialog: the problem?
text: A beat. He takes a huge gulp of air and then commits himself
text: -- he dramatically drops to one knee -- and then in a great
dialog: rush of words:
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Marry me. I'll do everything I can
dialog: to make you happy and build a life
dialog: and have babies and make you proud
dialog: and be worthy of you and... ah...
dialog: make you happy, did I say that?
text: She looks down at him, tears of joy coming to her eyes.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Oh, Professor...
text: He leaps up and embraces her. A long, joyous embrace.
dialog: He stops --
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Wait, I have something for you.
text: He searches through his many pockets -- coat, vest, pants --
text: begins plucking out the loose scraps of paper covered with
text: equations -- but can't seem to find the jewelry box.
text: She watches him for a moment, amused, loving him all the more
dialog: for his befuddlement.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: You know, the moment is rather
dialog: dying here.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Hold on... I know I have it...
text: He finally finds the velvet jewelry box. Snaps it open.
text: Inside is a lovely moonstone ring. The gem is a pale,
text: translucent blue mirroring the full moon above.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: I know it's not a diamond but --
speaker_heading: EMMA
text: A moonstone.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Your birth stone. I thought --
text: She holds a finger to his lips.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: You thought right.
text: He slips the ring on her finger. She holds it up to the
dialog: moonlight,
dialog: Then...
text: deeply moved.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Look, it matches the moon...
text: A low voice from the thick trees next to them.
dialog: Alexander
dialog: the trees.
dialog: pockets.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: I just might cry.
text: and Emma turn to see a tall THIN MAN stepping from
text: His hands are buried deep in his overcoat
speaker_heading: THIN MAN
text: Couldn't help but overhearing. Two
dialog: fine young people starting out on
dialog: the road of life. I wish you the
dialog: very best.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Thank you...
speaker_heading: THIN MAN
dialog: I hope it's a happy journey for you
dialog: both -- and much as I hate to do
dialog: this, moved as I am by your
dialog: protestations of love, I'll be
dialog: needing your money now.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Sir...?
speaker_heading: THIN MAN
dialog: And your jewelry too. I guess we
dialog: could consider this your first
text: little bump on the road to married
dialog: bliss.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: I don't understand.
text: The Thin Man removes a hand from his pocket. He holds a
text: small revolver.
speaker_heading: THIN MAN
dialog: Now don't make a scene... there's
dialog: no cause for that. Just hand over
dialog: your wallet, will you?
text: He holds the gun up, lethal, a sudden glint as the barrel
text: shines in the moonlight.
speaker_heading: THIN MAN
dialog: Did you hear me, lad?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: All right, all right -- here --
dialog: everything --
text: Alexander swiftly gives the man his billfold.
speaker_heading: THIN MAN
dialog: And the watch.
text: Alexander hands over his pocket watch as the Thin Man eyes
text: Emma's ring.
speaker_heading: THIN MAN
dialog: And the ring.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: No --
speaker_heading: THIN MAN
dialog: I'm afraid so, darling. Maybe
dialog: he'll buy you a diamond now.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Please, not that -- look --
text: The Thin Man pulls back the hammer of the revolver. Click.
speaker_heading: THIN MAN
dialog: Give me the ring.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: No...
text: The Thin Man suddenly lurches forward and grabs Emma's arm --
text: trying to wrench the ring violently from her finger --
text: Alexander instantly springs to her defense -- a struggle --
text: The gun fires -- the flash of cruel, phosphorous light
text: momentarily illuminating them all starkly --
text: Emma recoils to Alexander -- Alexander looks at the Thin Man,
dialog: disbelieving --
text: The Thin Man glares at him --
speaker_heading: THIN MAN
dialog: Why did you do that?! It's only a
dialog: ring!
text: The Thin Man races away into the darkness.
text: Alexander holds Emma, she clings to him, blood flowing over
text: his fingers. He snatches her up and carries her -- running
text: urgently through some trees to a carriage path beyond --
text: Carriages filled with young lovers float past.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: HELP ME! PLEASE!
text: An empty carriage finally stops -- Alexander lurches into the
dialog: carriage with Emma --
scene_heading: INT./ EXT. CARRIAGE - CENTRAL PARK - NIGHT
text: -- Alexander holds Emma in the back of a carriage. He
text: urgently screams to the driver:
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
text: GET TO COLUMBUS HOSPITAL! NOW!
text: The driver whips his horses and the carriage takes off.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
text: PLEASE HURRY! WE'VE NO TIME!
speaker_heading: CARRIAGE DRIVER
dialog: I'M TRYING SIR -- !
text: Emma clings to Alexander, her hand clasped tight to his vest,
text: blood flowing out of her, pooling. Her dying eyes just
text: watching him.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
scene_heading: GOD HURRY PLEASE -- JUST GET OUT OF
speaker_heading: THE PARK --
text: And then the carriage slows -- stops -- Alexander stabs his
text: head out the window and sees --
text: A long line of carriage ahead of them. A traffic jam. Pairs
text: of lovers enjoying the beautiful night, gazing up at the
dialog: stars.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Oh God...
text: A distant bell begins to toll. Time inexorably, cruelly
text: moving on.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
scene_heading: PLEASE -- HURRY!
text: The driver whips the horse -- tries to maneuver the carriage
text: through the traffic jam -- a jumble of horses -- their horse
dialog: shies -- can't get through.
text: Emma's hand clutches Alexander's vest, fingers moving
text: slightly. The bell continues to toll. Time running out.
text: Her lips move noiselessly, her eyes stare up at him, praying
dialog: for one parting glance.
text: He continues to shout to the driver, fighting time, not
text: looking at her:
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: (desperate)
text: FOR GOD SAKE DO SOMETHING!! --
dialog: JUST -- GET OFF THE PATH!
speaker_heading: CARRIAGE DRIVER
dialog: I'm trying, sir! -- I can't get
dialog: through!
text: Alexander glances down to Emma. She is dead. Her eyes open.
text: He stares at her. Not wanting to believe. The bell
text: continues to toll.
dialog: Fade to Black...
text: And then a strange sound in the darkness...
text: The roar of a tiger -- distorted, echoing...
text: Then another sound...
text: Click-clack, click-clack, click-clack...
text: Chalk racing across a blackboard.
text: Title: FOUR YEARS LATER.
dialog: Fade up to...
scene_heading: INT. ALEXANDER'S HOUSE - LAB - DAY
text: An endless equation -- Alexander's hand speeds across a
text: blackboard -- manic, ferocious. We pull back to reveal...
text: An enormous blackboard, floor to ceiling, two stories high,
text: filling one wall -- and two other blackboards, filling two
text: other walls, also covered with equations. A shocking flash
text: of Alexander's fevered mind.
text: He stands with his back to us, perched high on a rolling
text: library ladder, his hand violently scrawling numbers in a
text: frenzied rush. He pulls the ladder along as he works,
text: totally absorbed.
scene_heading: Title: AUGUST 7, 1899 - 5:23 p.m.
text: The drapes around the room are drawn tight against any hint
text: of the day outside. Windows sealed.
text: In the flickering gaslight we see a cacophony of scientific
text: equipment and experiments filling every inch of the chamber
text: below him, two stories filled with beakers and test tubes;
text: microscopes and coils; engineering blueprints and gyroscopes;
text: and the huge chalkboards crowded with layers upon layers of
text: intense calculus and geometry and equations.
text: There is another large part of the lab, jutting off from the
text: house. A closed curtain conceals this part of the lab.
text: And all the clocks have stopped. The steady metronomic
text: cadence that was the aural life of Alexander's house is no
text: more. We see a number of clocks around the lab. All have
dialog: been allowed to run down.
text: A knock at the door -- Alexander ignores it -- another knock.
text: He finally turns from the blackboard.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: What?!
dialog: And we see him -- Alexander is very different now: cadaverous
text: and intense, a face that looks as if it has not seen the sun
text: in years. And eyes marked by tragedy.
text: Mrs. Watchit enters. The years of dealing with his
text: heartbreak have taken a toll on her as well.
scene_heading: MRS. WATCHIT
dialog: Sir, Mr. Philby is here.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Here?
scene_heading: MRS. WATCHIT
dialog: Yes, sir, he --
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Tell him to go away --
text: Philby pushes past Mrs. Watchit. He wears an overcoat and a
text: bowler hat.
speaker_heading: PHILBY
dialog: I won't go away, Alex.
text: Alexander stares down at Philby. Philby is shocked at the
text: change in his friend.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: All right, Mrs. Watchit. You can
dialog: go.
scene_heading: MRS. WATCHIT
dialog: May I get you some --
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: That'll be all.
text: She leaves the lab.
dialog: Alexander
dialog: Alexander
speaker_heading: PHILBY
dialog: My God, Alex, what's happened to
dialog: you?
text: climbs down the ladder as:
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: I've been working.
speaker_heading: PHILBY
dialog: I came by the house every day after
dialog: the funeral. And then every week.
dialog: Then every other month. Then I
dialog: stopped coming. Did you even
dialog: notice?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: I'm sorry, David.
speaker_heading: PHILBY
dialog: It hurt me, Alex. Very much.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Then why are you here?
text: proceeds to obsessively tidy the lab, almost hiding
text: things from Philby. Philby is increasingly disturbed by this
dialog: behavior,
dialog: as:
speaker_heading: PHILBY
dialog: It's my Jamie's birthday today.
dialog: Your godson. He's nine years old.
dialog: At his party he asked me if Uncle
dialog: Alex was coming. I told him no.
dialog: Then he asked me if you didn't like
dialog: him anymore.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: For God's Sake, David --
speaker_heading: PHILBY
dialog: There are some things I need to say
dialog: to you. You may not like hearing
dialog: them, but I don't know if I'll ever
dialog: get another chance --
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: You care for me. And you're
dialog: concerned. And I have to start
dialog: living my life again. I hear it
dialog: from Mrs. Watchit every day.
speaker_heading: PHILBY
dialog: But you won't listen. You won't
dialog: see me, you won't see anyone. What
dialog: would you like me to tell Jamie?
dialog: That Uncle Alex is busy? That
text: Uncle Alex is hiding up there in
dialog: his laboratory --
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Hiding?
speaker_heading: PHILBY
dialog: You know that's what it is. Mrs.
dialog: Watchit tells me you're here at all
dialog: hours -- day and night --
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: That's because I'm working. You
dialog: remember that? You used to care
dialog: about your work.
speaker_heading: PHILBY
dialog: I care more about my life. And
dialog: yours.
text: A difficult beat.
dialog: Alexander
speaker_heading: PHILBY
dialog: Alex... Alex, please stand still
dialog: and look at me.
text: stops. Looks at Philby.
speaker_heading: PHILBY
dialog: (gently)
dialog: What happened to Emma will never go
dialog: away. It's part of you now and it
dialog: always will be. But you have to
dialog: learn to live with it...
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: I live with it every minute of
dialog: every day.
speaker_heading: PHILBY
dialog: I know that --
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: You don't know that. You couldn't
dialog: possibly. If I'd only done this,
dialog: or that, if I'd arrived ten minutes
dialog: earlier, or later. If we'd taken a
dialog: different path or I hadn't fought
dialog: the man for the ring. You have no
dialog: idea what it is to relive every
dialog: moment of that night -- consider
dialog: every action you made -- and every
dialog: 
dialog: one of them wrong.
speaker_heading: PHILBY
dialog: It wasn't your fault, Alex.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Wasn't it?... I have a dream almost
dialog: every night now. The Lady and the
dialog: Tiger, you remember that story? In
dialog: the dream I'm alone in a huge
text: chamber with a thousand doors.
text: Behind every door, save one, is a
dialog: tiger. I have to make the
dialog: decision. Which door conceals
dialog: Emma? And I just stand there.
text: looking at the doors...
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PHILBY
dialog: Do you find her?
text: Alexander doesn't answer. A beat.
speaker_heading: PHILBY
dialog: Alex, nothing will ever change what
dialog: happened, but --
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: That's where you're wrong. I will
dialog: change it.
text: A beat. Philby looks at him. Alexander offers nothing more,
text: continues to scurry around the lab.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: David... I appreciate your concern,
dialog: I do. But I ask you to have faith
dialog: in me. Just for a little while
dialog: longer. I'm working on something
dialog: now. Something... extraordinary.
speaker_heading: PHILBY
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: You wouldn't believe me.
speaker_heading: PHILBY
dialog: I would.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: I'll tell you what... come by for
dialog: dinner in a week and I'll show you.
speaker_heading: PHILBY
dialog: Why don't you come to our house
dialog: instead?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: I can't do that --
speaker_heading: PHILBY
dialog: When's the last time you were
dialog: outside this house --
text: (notes a disheveled cot in
dialog: the corner)
dialog: -- or this room?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: (tense)
dialog: I can't leave when I'm so close.
speaker_heading: PHILBY
text: There are trains leaving Grand
dialog: Central every then minutes. A
text: dozen liners leaving the harbor.
dialog: Get on one of them. Go to
dialog: Singapore, Scotland, Manchuria,
dialog: anywhere, just away from here --
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: That's absurd --
text: A tense beat.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: PHILBY
dialog: You're dying here. Don't you see
dialog: that?!
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: You won't say that in a week.
speaker_heading: PHILBY
dialog: I pray to God that in a week you're
dialog: not here.
speaker_heading: PHILBY
dialog: All right. I'll come for dinner.
dialog: And in the meantime... you'll think
dialog: about what we discussed?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: In a week... we will never have had
dialog: this conversation.
text: Philby looks at him, mystified and concerned.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Good night, David.
speaker_heading: PHILBY
dialog: Good night, Alex.
text: Philby turns to go.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
text: Still wearing that bowler hat.
text: Philby stops. Turns back.
speaker_heading: PHILBY
text: It's raining outside. Open the
dialog: drapes and you might know that.
dialog: He goes.
text: Alexander stands for a moment.
scene_heading: INT. ALEXANDER'S HOUSE - LAB - NIGHT
text: Alexander sits, drinking a glass of brandy. He is staring at
text: the curtain concealing the other part of the lab.
text: We notice that all the chalkboards have been wiped clean.
text: He drains the glass of brandy. Bon voyage.
text: Then he rises and moves to the curtain. He pulls the curtain
text: back and reveals...
text: The magnificent creation itself: The Time Machine.
text: We take in this beautiful creation of curving brass and thick
text: velvet, elegant lines and a hopeful feeling of Victorian
text: futurism, as Alexander moves to the windows by the machine.
text: He slowly pulls back all the drapes on the windows. The Time
text: Machine sits in an area of the lab that juts off, like a
text: greenhouse with windows offering a generous view of the world
text: around him: his quiet garden and the small dress shop across
dialog: the street.
text: Alexander moves to the Time Machine. He sits, nervously
dialog: settling in.
text: The brass control panel ahead of him has a simple display
text: showing the year and date -- AUGUST 7, 1899 -- and a control
text: lever that moves forward and back.
text: A beat. He takes a deep breath and then... reaches for the
dialog: control lever --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PAVILION - CENTRAL PARK - NIGHT
text: All is as it was. Gentle period music from a band, glowing
text: lanterns hanging down and the swaying shapes of dancers.
text: A beautiful woman stands with her back to us watching the
text: dancers... she slowly turns.
text: Emma smiles.
text: Alexander stands, just watching her, his eyes wide,
dialog: incredibly moved. We note that Alexander wears the clothes
text: he was wearing when he got into the Time Machine. It is the
text: older Alex, pale and thin.
text: She goes to him and kisses him.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: You're late.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: (with difficulty)
dialog: Got here as soon as I could.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Dance with me...
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: You know I can't.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Trust me...
text: She takes his hand and they dance. She is, again, a natural
text: dancer, smooth and gentle. He tries to follow her minute
text: cues but the experience of holding her in his arms again is
text: almost too much for him. He is overcome with emotion.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Alex, what is it?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Holding you... again.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Darling.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: I need... to talk to you.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: All right...
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Not here... alone. Please.
text: She leads him from the dance floor.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Let's walk through the park...
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: No... let's walk through the city.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: (a little mystified)
dialog: All right...
text: He takes her hand and leads her away from the pavilion --
text: Then he stops, sees he must lead her through one of a number
text: of tree-lined paths out of the park. The gaping darkness of
text: the park is strangely ominous. Behind each door a tiger.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Alex, what is it?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Nothing -- let's just get out of
dialog: the park.
text: He takes her arm and makes his decision -- he pulls her
text: quickly down one of the paths.
scene_heading: EXT. CENTRAL PARK - PATH - NIGHT
text: Alexander pulls Emma toward an exit to the city, going as
text: quickly as he can. His eyes dart nervously into the dark
text: trees around them.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Alex...?!
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Shhh. Let's just hurry on here.
dialog: We don't have to talk, all right?
text: She stops, pulling him.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Why do we have to race for heaven's
dialog: sake?!
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: (looking around, alert)
dialog: I want to get into the light,
dialog: that's all. Please...
text: He pulls her along.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: This running along is all well for
dialog: you -- you're not wearing a corset.
text: Then a sound stops him -- an unholy echo through the night,
text: tormenting him from his nightmares -- the roar of a tiger.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: My God...
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Alex, it's just the zoo.
text: He grabs her and pulls more quickly, a little desperate.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Please, Emma, it's just a little
dialog: further.
text: He hurries her along. They finally reach the exit and emerge
dialog: from Central Park to Fifth Avenue...
scene_heading: EXT. FIFTH AVENUE - PARK EXIT - NIGHT
text: He stops, looks around, sees lots of pedestrians and
text: carriages and gaslight. Safety. Victory.
text: He breathes deeply and smiles. He offers her his arm.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Oh, now you're all gallant.
text: She shakes her head and then takes his arm. They stroll.
scene_heading: EXT. FIFTH AVENUE - NIGHT
text: Abit later. Alexander and Emma make their way down this
text: most magnificent of boulevards. He holds her arm tightly, as
text: if in fear of losing her again.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: You're so pale... I hope you're not
text: coming down with something.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: No, I'm fine. I'm...
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: .. wonderful. Just walking down
dialog: the street with you again.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: We took a walk three days ago.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Not like this. Never like this.
dialog: Emma, I swear to you -- if I've
dialog: learned one thing, it's that
dialog: moments like this are rare. And I
dialog: will thank God for them every
dialog: moment of every day.
text: She is confused at his strange intensity, but respects his
dialog: seriousness.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: They are rare...
text: (she glances up at the
dialog: constellations above)
text: .. Orion's belt, pointing to the
dialog: earth --
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: (smiles)
text: The sailor's omen of good fortune.
text: The hunter watching over him on his
dialog: travels.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: So it's astronomy now, is it?
text: They are passing by the Stanley Steamer at the curb Alexander
text: saw earlier. The Motorist is still tinkering with the
dialog: engine.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Heavens, look at that now!
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: I've seen it.
text: He continues escorting her along.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Now I know you're ill -- passing up
dialog: the chance to explore some new
dialog: gadget.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
text: It's only a machine.
text: She stops. Genuinely concerned now.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Alexander... tell me what's going
dialog: on. Is something wrong?
text: He looks at her deeply:
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: No, Emma. Everything is finally
dialog: right. Tonight we're going to
dialog: start all over again. And this
dialog: time... I'm never going to let you
dialog: go.
text: He kisses her deeply. She is shocked at this public display
text: of affection, pulling back slightly.
speaker_heading: EMMA
text: Alex... people are staring.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Let them.
text: He kisses her again.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Let them.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: I have something for you...
text: He pats his pockets, feels the jewelry box, smiles. Then he
text: notes the Flower Seller he saw before.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Wait -- I want to do it right this
dialog: time -- stay here, don't move...
text: Emma stands, mystified, as he goes to the Flower Seller.
speaker_heading: FLOWER SELLER
dialog: Have some flowers, sir?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Yes, as many as you have!
text: A sudden sound makes him spin back --
text: A frenzy of movement -- on the curb, the Stanley Steamer
text: suddenly lurches forward -- the brake not set -- the Motorist
text: jumps out of the way -- the Steamer slams forward to the
text: street full of horse-drawn carriages -- a horse rears and
text: bolts -- panic, screams -- the horse lurches to the curb --
text: toward Emma -- the carriage topples over --
text: Burying Emma in a violent crash.
text: Alexander races to Emma -- too late. A crowd begins to form.
text: Alexander folds himself over her in wordless torment.
scene_heading: INT. ALEXANDER'S HOUSE - LAB - NIGHT
text: Alexander sits in his lab, glaring at the Time Machine.
text: Tormented. Eyes haunted. Drinking a glass of brandy. Not
dialog: his first.
text: He glares at the Time Machine, his fury building -- then he
text: bolts up -- flings the brandy glass away from him -- it
text: shatters -- strides across the lab -- throws himself into the
dialog: Machine.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Time heals all wounds -- then let
dialog: it!
text: He SLAMS the control lever forward violently -- in fury -- a
text: high-pitched whine -- building -- the world undulating around
dialog: Alexander --
text: Suddenly all the silent clocks in Alexander's lab begin to
dialog: tick --
speaker_heading: TIME TRAVEL
text: Alexander's spine immediately arches back -- he screams in
dialog: pain --
text: The molecules of his body revolt as they are torn forward
text: through time -- as time tears through him -- his whole body
text: suffers as he bends and floats and rips through time -- when
text: he turns his head his whole face seems to elongate --
text: He's going too fast -- he eases back on the control lever --
text: the pain receding somewhat --
dialog: And the world around him changes --
text: The sun rises and then sets and then rises; in his garden
text: snails zoom past flowers that bloom and die in an instant;
text: apples grow ripe and then fall and decay in his garden; a
text: complicated spider's web grows in a corner of his laboratory
dialog: in seconds --
text: The sun and moon now shoot through the sky, a strobe-like
text: flashing of day and night, finally settling into a strange,
text: perpetual grey light.
text: He begins to control the lever a bit more -- it is sensitive
text: to his touch -- soon he can glance around a bit without
text: absolute agony -- and then with no pain at all --
text: In the window of the dress shop across the street he watches
text: a female mannequin as she is redressed, her clothes morphing
text: from style to style, a swirl of styles and outfits. And new
text: buildings spring up across the street as the seasons pass in
text: a blur, summer-fall-winter-spring-summer-fall-winter-spring.
text: His journey is accompanied by a strange symphony -- sound
text: bending around him; voices, music, period radio news reports,
text: industry. Sounds that float and flit through his
text: consciousness, distorted, barely recognizable.
text: And bizarre shapes move through his world as well -- ghost
text: like apparitions -- strange and eerie as they bend and morph
dialog: through space -- people.
text: He can almost control the appearance of the people as he
text: gently modulates his speed with the control lever -- he sees
text: Mrs. Watchit bending through time -- Philby, concerned --
dialog: then people he doesn't know, architects with blueprints,
dialog: pointing --
text: Then the world directly around him is changing -- his lab
text: changing -- walls being torn down --
text: His lab is now a GARAGE -- a series of swiftly morphing cars
text: denoting the passing time as years spin by on his control
text: panel display in a dizzying blur: 1905... 1919... 1924...
text: In the distance he sees New York City expanding -- the
dialog: Chrysler Building (1930) and the Empire State Building (1931)
dialog: shoot up.
text: Then the garage is torn down around him -- another
text: construction going up -- larger -- a RESTAURANT.
text: He modulates the control lever -- controlling the ebb and
text: flow of time -- the patrons of the restaurant huddled around
text: a radio, a news report, FDR's voice... "December 7... A day
dialog: that will live in infamy..."
text: He notes a store going up next to the dress shop: a newspaper
text: shop -- sees banner headlines as the years sweep past --
text: D-DAY! -- VE DAY! -- VJ DAY! -- an enormous celebration in
dialog: the street.
text: The years spin by on his control panel: 1946... 1953...
dialog: 1957...
text: The strange aural symphony continues as he hears music and
text: news, the music evolving from swing to early rock...
text: The restaurant dissolves around him and a HOUSE grows up --
text: he is in a den -- a black-and-white TV on -- Alexander gapes
text: -- slowly, slightly...
text: On the TV: JFK's funeral... in the den he sees the shape of a
text: family nestled together, watching the funeral, weeping...
text: He presses on. The years spin by on his control panel:
dialog: 1963... 1966... 1969...
text: On the new color TV in the den: news reports of the Apollo
text: 11, Neil Armstrong stepping on the moon... "One small step
text: for man..." Alexander stares, amazed.
text: The aural and visual symphony continues... rock segueing to
dialog: disco, Vietnam news...
text: He is shocked to see the mannequin in a miniskirt! He sees
text: the dress shop becoming a department store and the newspaper
dialog: store becoming a high tech electronics shop --
text: On a bank of TVs in the electronics shop window he sees Nixon
dialog: leaving the White House for the last time, August 9, 1974,
text: walking to the helicopter, the ferocious victory "V"...
text: Then Alexander is suddenly outside as the house is demolished
text: -- quickly eroding around him -- he is in a VACANT LOT...
text: He is stunned to see the towers of the World Trade Center
text: looming in the distance -- the rollerskaters with boom boxes
text: swirling past with the grace of ballet dancers -- and
text: something so fantastical that Alexander can only gape...
text: An airplane soaring above.
text: The years zip by on his control panel: 1979... 1985...
dialog: 1989...
text: More disjointed sounds and images, TV reports and radio news
text: and music: oil crisis, plop-plop-fizz-fizz-oh-what-a-relief
dialog: it-is, Ronald Reagan, punk rock, Gulf War, Clinton...
text: Then order from the chaos -- the overgrown vacant lot is
text: landscaped -- becoming a beautiful PARK...
text: He slows a bit, almost stopping -- intrigued by a
text: transformation across the street: the banks of TV screens are
text: replaced by an informational kiosk of some kind.
text: The control panel display clicks more slowly... February
dialog: 2005... April 2005... May 2005...
text: Alexander continues to stare at the information kiosk as he
text: comes to a stop, briefly, at: MAY 24, 2005
scene_heading: EXT. PARK (2005) - DAY
text: Alexander sits unnoticed in the Time Machine as he watches a
text: group of schoolchildren and their teacher gathering around
text: the informational kiosk. It is a public information booth
text: with a video screen showing the word VOX. A glowing red blip
dialog: within the "o".
text: The Vox kiosk is activated when the TEACHER steps in front of
text: a sensor eye.
speaker_heading: VOX KIOSK (V.0.)
dialog: May I help you?
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: Yes, please... tell us about the
text: terraforming.
text: The children watch, delighted, as images of the moon and
text: renderings and videos of some massive engineering project
text: appear on the Vox screen.
speaker_heading: VOX KIOSK (V.0.)
dialog: The joint United Nations/Microsoft
dialog: terraforming operation began nine
dialog: months ago with the Moon Base Alpha
dialog: landings. After establishing
dialog: Plymouth Center the terraformers
dialog: began colony construction. Can I
dialog: tell you more?
speaker_heading: CHILD
dialog: What are they doing now?
text: Alexander watches, stunned. A machine that converses with
dialog: people.
speaker_heading: VOX KIOSK (V.O.)
dialog: Currently, the terraformers are
dialog: preparing the first excavation
text: demolitions for the subterranean
dialog: chambers. It is projected that the
dialog: first lunar colonists should be
dialog: landing within the decade. Can I
dialog: tell you more?
text: Alexander gapes at the Vox kiosk. Magnificent renderings of
text: a vast underground metropolis. People living on the moon.
text: He must see this grand adventure out. He presses on...
speaker_heading: TIME TRAVEL
text: But almost immediately the Time Machine is lurching and
text: buffeting -- a strange darkness spreading over it as air raid
text: sirens scream --
text: Alexander is alarmed -- he begins to pull back on the control
text: lever -- the date on the display clicks to: AUGUST 26, 2007.
text: And Alexander and the Time Machine suddenly topple over as
text: the ground lurches below them --
scene_heading: EXT. PARK (2007) - DAY
text: Alexander looks up from the grass...
text: Right into the eyes of a small albino alligator.
text: The alligator blinks at him and then slithers off, a brood of
text: other alligators with it.
text: Alexander glances to the street -- sees an enormous pack of
text: rats emerging from a sewer drain -- a thick, undulating
dialog: carpet of rats --
text: And Alexander feels the vibrations. The earth, a steady
text: rumble. His eye is drawn to a small puddle of water near
text: him. The water swirls around strangely and then -- whoosh --
text: forms into a vortex and spirals away into the sky --
text: Alexander follows the water with his eyes and finally sees
dialog: it...
dialog: The Moon.
text: Filling the sky as if it were falling toward the Earth.
text: Parts of the moon are beginning to sheer off -- violently
text: peeling away like the skin of an onion -- as it impacts the
text: gravitational Roche Limit, 7,300 miles above the Earth. (The
text: moon is currently 230,000 miles above the Earth.)
text: The people on the street race around, tense and desperate,
text: flowing along the streets and sidewalks. National Guard
text: soldiers are trying to retain order, urgent voices into
dialog: megaphones --
text: Alexander hauls himself up -- and races into the mob --
scene_heading: EXT. STREET (2007) - DAY
text: He grabs a man --
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: What's going on -- ?!
text: The Man pulls away from him, terrified -- Alexander is
text: bustled along the sidewalk in the mass of people -- He turns
dialog: to a woman:
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Please tell me -- what's
dialog: happening?!
text: She ignores him -- he is buffeted along in the mob of people
text: -- then, a voice, remarkably calm in the chaos, a familiar
dialog: voice:
speaker_heading: CALM VOICE
dialog: May I help you?... May I help
dialog: you?... May I help you?...
text: Alexander pushes his way through the frenzy of people toward
text: the voice. Finds himself at...
text: The front steps of the Fifth Avenue New York Public Library.
text: The twin stone lions looming over the chaos on the street.
text: The calm voice is coming from another Vox kiosk, an upgrade
text: of the one he saw previously. Alexander unintentionally
text: activates the unit by stepping in front of a red sensor eye.
speaker_heading: VOX KIOSK (V.0.)
dialog: May I help you?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: I -- what are you?!
speaker_heading: VOX KIOSK (V.O.)
dialog: I am the Fifth Avenue Public
dialog: Library informational kiosk. VOX
dialog: registration NY-114. May I help
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: What's happening to the moon?!
text: Informational videos appear on the screen, showing the cause
dialog: and horror of the moon's fall, as:
speaker_heading: VOX KIOSK (V.O.)
dialog: The 2005 terraforming demolitions
dialog: for the lunar excavations sent the
text: moon into a diminishing retrograde
dialog: orbit resulting in global
dialog: gravitational fluctuations,
dialog: increased seismic activity and
dialog: tidal anomalies. Can I tell you
dialog: more?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: No -- wait -- the moon's falling
dialog: out of orbit -- that's not
dialog: possible!
speaker_heading: VOX KIOSK (V.O.)
dialog: Well, considering it is, in fact,
dialog: happening, I would assume it's
dialog: possible. The retrograde orbit
dialog: began in 2005 when the demolitions
dialog: for the lunar colonies --
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Why is it -- breaking up?
speaker_heading: VOX KIOSK (V.O.)
dialog: I was getting to that... The moon
dialog: has reached the gravitational Roche
text: Limit, 7,300 miles above the
dialog: surface of the Earth. This has
dialog: created pressure on the lunar
dialog: stratum beyond gravitational
dialog: tolerances. It might be helpful to
dialog: know that the nearest public
dialog: evacuation shelters can be found at
dialog: Grand Central Station, Madison
dialog: Square Garden --
text: Then -- behind Alexander -- the entire street EXPLODES up --
text: the asphalt twisting crazily -- people tossed through the
dialog: air --
dialog: And Hell has come to earth.
text: The earth begins to shake and quake and undulate violently --
text: as if gravity itself is rebelling.
text: Above -- a huge part of the moon breaks away --
text: Alexander gapes around -- horrified to see violent seismic
text: and gravitational upheavals -- the tectonic plates shifting
text: wildly, jutting up at harsh angles -- the East River swirling
text: into a twisting cyclone of water spiraling into the sky --
text: And most shocking of all: a volcanic mountain BURSTING up
dialog: through Manhattan.
text: A National Guard soldier races to him --
speaker_heading: SOLDIER
dialog: Underground -- we have to -- !
text: His words are drowned out by a DEAFENING BLAST -- the
text: reverberation sending SHOCK WAVES down the street -- people
text: are thrown through the air, blood streaming from some
dialog: punctured eardrums --
text: In the distance, the volcano is ERUPTING --
text: The soldier hustles a mass of people toward a subway entrance
text: -- they scurry down --
text: Alexander spins around and races back, towards the Time
dialog: Machine.
text: As the Vox Kiosk continues its lonely chore:
speaker_heading: VOX KIOSK (V.0.)
dialog: May I help you?... May I help you?
scene_heading: EXT. STREET (2007) - DAY
text: Alexander sprints down the street, passing horrific flashes
dialog: of the end:
text: -- Looters, lighting fires and taking nihilistic joy in their
dialog: useless treasures...
text: -- A family, kneeling in prayer, holding hands...
text: -- Doomsday cultists, celebrating the end. A macabre Dance
text: of Death as the city dies...
text: -- A man standing quite calmly, trying to use his cell
dialog: phone...
text: -- A taxi trying to drive through the mayhem, desperate
text: people attacking the taxi, trying to get in, trying to get
dialog: away...
text: Then -- the earth HEAVES violently and Alexander is thrown to
text: the ground -- in the distance, but much closer, another
text: VOLCANO BLASTS UP -- THRUSTING through the earth -- RIPPING
text: aside the Empire State Building and most of midtown
dialog: Manhattan --
text: Alexander barely has time to pull himself to his feet before
dialog: it happens again --
text: The THUNDEROUS explosion -- the cascading SHOCK WAVE --
text: Alexander is hurled through the air --
text: He SMASHES into a parked car, shattering the windshield -- he
text: rolls off the car, his coat shredded, a gaping wound in his
dialog: side --
text: As the new, closer volcano ERUPTS in a torrent of spewing
text: lava -- great rivers and explosions of lava everywhere --
text: JETS of lava SHOOT through the air -- incinerating everything
dialog: in sight --
text: Gasping through his pain, Alexander rises and hurries down
text: the street -- he tosses off his shredded coat -- his injury
text: slows him, but he goes as quickly as he can --
text: But a vast TIDAL WAVE OF LAVA is careening after him --
dialog: burning everything --
text: And then he see it... the park... the Time Machine.
text: It is a race against time as Alexander sprints for the Time
text: Machine -- the lava closer and closer --
text: Alexander leaps to the Time Machine and hauls it to its
text: upright position -- the lava is almost on him -- he dives
text: into the Time Machine and SLAMS the lever forward --
text: A high-pitched whine -- building -- the world undulating
dialog: around Alexander --
text: JUST as the tidal wave of lava ROARS over him --
speaker_heading: TIME TRAVEL
text: Alexander lurches back in agony -- quickly slows the Time
text: Machine's momentum -- he pants for breath as the red, molten
text: lava glows and then quickly cools into --
dialog: Darkness.
text: The eerie blue glow from the Time Machine's control panel is
text: the only light.
text: Alexander is now inside a mountain, the perfect sphere of
text: time-energy around the Machine his only salvation.
text: He pushes the lever forward more -- the years spin by on his
text: control panel in a blur -- he grits his teeth in pain -- the
text: rapid bending through time assaulting him --
dialog: Time passes...
dialog: Alexander is having real trouble breathing now --
text: The years continue to spin past on his control panel in a
text: dizzying blur.
dialog: Time passes...
text: Alexander is in agony -- his body writhes from the assault of
text: time -- every movement is torture -- his skin vibrates and
text: stretches bizarrely -- and he is almost out of air, panting
dialog: for breath --
text: He takes one last deep gasp of air --
text: And holds the breath -- the seconds tick away -- the years
text: shoot past on his control panel, truly a race against time --
text: He's not going to make it -- he can't hold his breath a
dialog: second longer --
text: Suddenly -- a flash of blinding sunlight --
text: The mountain around the Time Machine begins to erode --
dialog: quickly wearing away --
text: Alexander immediately pulls back on the control lever --
text: reducing his momentum and the assault on his body -- he takes
text: a deep, gasping breath --
text: The date on the display quickly clicks forward and finally
text: stops at: JULY 12, 802,701.
text: Alexander looks at the date, stunned, gasps for breath,
dialog: fainting...
dialog: Fade to black...
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - VISIONS - DAY/NIGHT
text: Visions as Alexander fades in and out of consciousness.
dialog: -- Night. Candles...
text: -- Night. Emma's face... close, concerned... a beautiful
text: angel welcoming him to death... No, not Emma... Another
dialog: woman.
text: -- Day. Hands, dressing the wound on his side. Tender...
text: -- Day. A room. In a pleasant, rustic house...
text: -- Night. The woman again. Not Emma. But close,
dialog: concerned...
scene_heading: INT. MARA AND KALEN'S HOUSE - SUNSET
text: Alexander awakes. Looks around. A simple room in a simple
text: house. He sees his wound has been dressed and cared for.
text: He slowly rises and pulls on his shirt and vest. Goes to the
dialog: door of the house...
scene_heading: EXT. ELOI VILLAGE - SUNSET
text: Alexander emerges from the house...
text: And finds himself in a village built around a large central
text: square. All the buildings are unadorned and designed with
text: architectural simplicity. It has an agrarian and peaceful
dialog: feeling.
text: And it is totally deserted.
text: The entire village is enclosed by a great, wooden wall.
text: Large gates open to the world beyond. Everywhere beyond this
text: barricade is lovely mountainous and forest scenery.
text: Alexander wanders to the square.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Hello...?
text: Nothing. His word echoes around the eerily empty village.
text: He notes that several tables are waiting in the square. Set
text: for dinner. Plates and cups and utensils. No food.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Is anyone here...?
dialog: Again. Nothing.
text: He goes to the open gates and steps out...
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE THE ELOI VILLAGE - SUNSET
text: A path leads away from the village, cutting through a
text: magnificent forest with lush foliage.
text: He begins to follow the path -- then stops when a curious
text: squirrel scampers onto the path. The squirrel looks at him,
text: large eyes, tilting inquisitive head.
text: Alexander smiles at seeing something so familiar in this
dialog: strange time.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Hello...
text: The startled squirrel turns and scampers away -- and
text: Alexander is shocked to see a flash of vermillion scales on
text: its back. Not a squirrel at all.
text: Alexander continues on for a bit. Most of the lush
text: vegetation is alien to him: enormous fruit hanging on
text: colorful vines; gentle petals and dandelion-like wisps that
text: float on the breezes. It is an untamed wilderness exploding
text: with verdant beauty.
text: And then he hears something...
dialog: Voices.
text: He stops, alert.
text: Then he sees figures, heading up the path towards him.
text: And Alexander sees the ELOI. About two hundred of them are
text: trooping up the path. They are completely human-looking.
text: Very healthy. Simple clothing, not unlike what Alexander is
text: wearing. And not one is over the age of 30.
text: Alexander braces himself, not sure what to expect.
text: The Eloi see him... And go to him enthusiastically.
text: Alexander instinctively steps back. No need. The beautiful
text: woman who was tending his wounds, MARA, is first to him.
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: You're up! You must be feeling
dialog: better --
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Yes...
text: More Eloi crowd around him, all very friendly. A slightly
text: older Eloi, late 20's, KORUS, steps to him.
text: KORUS.
dialog: And hungry, I'd say. You had such
text: a long journey.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: I did...
text: KORUS.
dialog: Well, we're happy you're here.
dialog: Come inside.
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: We want to hear all about it.
text: Korus and Mara lead Alexander back toward the village.
text: KALEN, Mara's nine-year-old son, grabs Alexander's hand.
text: Alexander is surprised. The Eloi are seemingly a bit more
dialog: tactile than we are.
speaker_heading: KALEN
dialog: How did you get hurt?
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: Kalen...
speaker_heading: KALEN
dialog: (eagerly)
dialog: I found you. I saved your life.
dialog: You were bleeding all over the
dialog: place!
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: That's quite enough, Kalen.
text: Korus claps an arm around Alexander's shoulders
text: enthusiastically, Alexander rocks from the hearty embrace.
speaker_heading: KORUS
dialog: Let the poor man eat first, then he
dialog: can tell us the whole story!
text: He leads the befuddled Alexander back toward the village.
scene_heading: EXT. ELOI VILLAGE - NIGHT
text: The gates to the village are now securely locked, a heavy
text: crossbar in place.
text: Alexander and the Eloi are eating dinner, the tables now full
text: of fruits and vegetables. Braziers burn around the central
text: square. Everyone strains to see and hear Alexander.
text: Mara watches him particularly closely from across the table,
text: her cautious eyes never leaving him.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: "Eloi"?
text: KORUS.
dialog: What are your people called?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Well, I guess you'd call us... New
dialog: Yorkers.
text: KORUS.
dialog: (savoring the words)
dialog: New Yorkers.
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: How long did you travel?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Well it seems like a long time --
dialog: but it wasn't really. It's rather
dialog: hard to explain.
speaker_heading: KALEN
dialog: It must have been hard, leaving
dialog: your work.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: The journey is part of my work.
text: KORUS.
dialog: You can work with us as soon as
dialog: you're feeling better... Looks like
dialog: a climber to me.
text: The Eloi agree. Definitely a "climber."
speaker_heading: KORUS
dialog: We had another visitor from beyond
dialog: the valley about four years ago.
dialog: His name was Moren. Do you know
dialog: him?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: No...
text: KORUS.
dialog: He said he traveled for two months.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: I took a different route.
speaker_heading: KALEN
dialog: What did you do at night?
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: (a bit quickly)
dialog: What's it like where you come from?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Oh, very different. But not
dialog: entirely... I mean we have lots of,
dialog: um, trees and such. But not
dialog: everywhere. And more roads. And
dialog: buildings.
speaker_heading: KORUS
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: To live in. There's a lot of us...
text: beyond the valley.
text: KORUS.
dialog: New Yorkers.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Yes. I hope you won't take this
dialog: the wrong way but is there someone
dialog: older I could talk to? An elder or
dialog: patriarch of some kind?
text: The Eloi look at him a little oddly.
text: KORUS.
dialog: I am the oldest.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: No, I mean someone considerably
dialog: older. Your father perhaps?
speaker_heading: KORUS
dialog: My father has gone to a better
dialog: place.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: I'm sorry, I didn't mean to...
speaker_heading: KORUS
dialog: Of course. You're just tired.
dialog: Mara, will you look after Alexander
dialog: tonight?
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: KORUS
dialog: (stands, toasting)
dialog: Friends, join me in welcoming our
dialog: brother from beyond the valley,
dialog: Alexander.
text: The Eloi stand and toast. Applause and good fellowship.
text: Before Alexander can open his mouth to respond the Eloi are
text: clearing the table. A bit abruptly.
text: Mara and Kalen go to Alexander, they head back to their
dialog: house.
speaker_heading: KALEN
dialog: Now how did you get hurt?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: I had an accident.
speaker_heading: KALEN
dialog: I figured that. What kind of
dialog: accident?
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: Kalen, don't be morbid.
text: Kalen grabs Alexander's hand and pulls him along.
speaker_heading: KALEN
dialog: What do you do on the towers?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: On the towers?
speaker_heading: KALEN
dialog: I'm training to be a high climber.
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: We'll see about that.
speaker_heading: KALEN
dialog: Iam. Are you a climber?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Ah... no.
speaker_heading: KALEN
dialog: Don't tell me you're a mud carrier.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: 'rraid so. Just a regular old...
dialog: mud carrier.
text: Kalen is disappointed.
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: That's all right, Kalen...
dialog: (a wry glance to
dialog: Alexander)
dialog: .. Mud carriers are important too.
text: They continue on toward their house.
scene_heading: INT. MARA AND KALEN'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Alexander sits with Kalen and Mara. The boys's eyes alive
dialog: with wonder.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Thousands and thousands of
dialog: people. And sometimes we live in
text: great buildings that reach up five
dialog: or ten stories.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: KALEN
dialog: And everyone looks like us?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Exactly like you. Well, maybe not
dialog: as healthy.
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: Is there a lot of illness?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Some. But I mean we aren't all
dialog: so... handsome.
speaker_heading: KALEN
dialog: I want to see your home. Will you
dialog: take me?
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: Kalen, right now you need to go up
dialog: to bed. You're exhausting
dialog: Alexander.
speaker_heading: KALEN
dialog: You'll tell me more tomorrow?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: I will. Good night.
text: Kalen kisses his mother and then kisses Alexander. He goes
text: up the stairs, disappearing to another part of the house.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: His curiosity is amazing.
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: Mm.
text: A beat. Mara gazing at Alexander.
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: Come to the roof. We can talk
dialog: there.
scene_heading: EXT. MARA AND KALEN'S HOUSE - ROOF - NIGHT
text: Alexander and Mara emerge from a stairway to the flat roof of
dialog: the house.
text: Alexander stops, looking up...
text: The moon -- or what's left of the moon -- shines in the
text: night. Oddly shaped shards are spread out in uneven
text: intervals. It is bizarrely beautiful.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: My God...
text: Mara notes his reaction as she sits at the edge of the roof
text: by a large brazier. She lights a fire in the brazier as:
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: Sit with me.
text: He goes to her and sits.
text: He notices that other Eloi are also sitting on their roofs
text: all around the village, braziers burning like campfires
text: through the night.
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: Kalen will tire you out if you let
dialog: him. He's always been curious.
dialog: His father was firm with him but...
dialog: it's just his way.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Your husband is dead?
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: He's gone to a better place.
text: He looks over the peaceful night.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: It's hard for me to imagine a
dialog: better place. Where I come from
dialog: there's so much... frenzy. Day and
dialog: night. It seems we're all running
dialog: faster and faster...
dialog: (he smiles)
text: .. All in identical bowler hats.
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: You're not from beyond the valley.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: What makes you say that?
text: She reaches into her clothing and pulls out his pocket watch.
text: She holds it up.
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: We don't have anything like this.
dialog: Or the machine where Kalen found
dialog: you. And I doubt they do beyond
dialog: the valley... Now where do you come
dialog: from?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: You might find the truth rather
dialog: hard to understand.
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: (dry)
dialog: Then you can speak slowly.
dialog: He smiles. Fair enough.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: All right... I'm from here. Around
dialog: here anyway. The machine where you
dialog: found me allowed me to travel
dialog: through time... I'm from the past.
text: She looks at him.
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: Oh, that explains everything.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: I know it's hard to believe, but
dialog: it's true.
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: That machine --
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Allowed me to travel from my time
dialog: to yours.
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: How long ago?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: More than 800,000 years.
text: She looks at him. She looks at his pocket watch. Then back
text: at him.
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: Why would you do that?
text: Alexander doesn't respond.
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: I might find the truth rather hard
dialog: to understand?... Can you go back?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Yes. Or forward into the future.
dialog: I suppose I really should check on
dialog: the machine, see that it hasn't
dialog: been damaged...
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: I'll take you tomorrow... You must
dialog: have seen a lot on your journey.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: For a time it was astounding. I
dialog: saw the years spinning by, I was in
dialog: the years spinning by. We made
dialog: such advances. I don't understand
text: half of them. There was a machine
dialog: that talked to me and others that
dialog: flew through the sky... We must
dialog: have been incredible thinkers and
dialog: artists --
text: A sudden scream cuts through the night -- Kalen -- Mara bolts
text: up, races down into the house, Alexander following --
scene_heading: INT. KALEN'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Kalen is sitting up in bed, eyes wide, screaming -- Mara runs
text: to him, holds him closely -- Alexander stands in the doorway.
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: Kalen, it's all right, I'm here --
speaker_heading: KALEN
dialog: (terror)
dialog: They're here! They're inside the
dialog: house -- !
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: No, you're safe --
speaker_heading: KALEN
dialog: They're inside --
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: (calming)
dialog: Kalen, look at me. There's no one
dialog: here but us. You see I'm here,
dialog: you're here, Alexander's here.
dialog: There are no Morlocks. It was just
dialog: a dream...
dialog: 
text: She holds him closely, he is weeping uncontrollably.
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: You're safe...
text: Alexander moves away, allowing them their privacy.
scene_heading: EXT. MARA AND KALEN'S HOUSE - ROOF - NIGHT
text: Alexander sits, looking over the night. He notes that most
text: of the Eloi have gone in, but, oddly, their fires still burn
text: on the rooftops.
text: He glances up at the stars, gazing at the dazzling mosaic of
text: beautiful lights.
speaker_heading: MARA'S VOICE
text: He's asleep.
text: Alexander turns. Mara is standing at the entrance to the
dialog: roof.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Is he all right?
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: Just a dream. You should sleep
dialog: too. You're still not well.
text: A beat.
text: A beat.
text: A beat.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: I'm going to sit with Kalen. Keep
dialog: the fire burning if you can.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: I will...
text: She doesn't move.
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: I'll take you to your machine
dialog: tomorrow.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Thank you...
text: She doesn't move.
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: You seem fascinated by the stars.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: You can see so many here.
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Don't then have stars where you
dialog: come from?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Not like this... They don't seem so
dialog: bright with all the city lights. I
dialog: never really noticed them much...
text: He is on the verge of asking her to join him in
text: enjoying the night.
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: Good night, then.
text: She turns to go...
text: She stops.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Good night.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Mara... what's a "Morlock"?
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: A child's nightmare, that's all.
text: She goes into the house.
text: He sits for a moment, looking over the beautiful night. He
text: glances up at the shards of the moon.
dialog: O Brave New World...
scene_heading: EXT. DREAMSCAPE - DAY/SUNSET
text: We are moving through the Eloi world. Through lush jungles
text: and glades and forests. Everywhere around us there are
dialog: fascinating geological and botanical wonders to behold...
dialog: Bucolic and beautiful. Idyllic...
text: And then the landscape is more mountainous, rocks and the
text: beginning of a splendid desert... the sun is setting... the
text: desert sand burns red in the sunset... still beautiful...
text: And then a shape appears in the distance -- we sweep toward
text: it -- it is hulking -- predatory -- terrifying -- sparkling
text: red as if the setting sun is reflecting from shinning
dialog: metal --
scene_heading: INT. MARA AND KALEN'S HOUSE - DAY
text: -- Alexander bolts awake. Unsettled by the dream.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST PATH - HILL - DAY
text: Alexander and Mara are making their way up an ascending path
text: through the forest with the rest of the Eloi. Kalen is ahead
text: of them with some other children.
dialog: Korus comes to them:
speaker_heading: KORUS
dialog: Good morning, Alexander. Feeling
dialog: up to some work?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: I suppose so.
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: I'm going to take him to where
dialog: Kalen found him first.
text: KORUS.
dialog: And then you'll join us?
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: Yes.
text: KORUS.
dialog: Good. We'll see you later then.
text: He moves ahead, walking briskly. Excited about a day of
dialog: work.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Mara, I had a strange dream last
dialog: night. I was here, walking through
dialog: a forest very much like this, and
dialog: then...
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: Then you came to a desert and
dialog: mountains...
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: And you saw a shape ahead of you...
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Yes!
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: We all have that dream.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: All of you?
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: Every night.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: You share dreams? That's
dialog: incredible.
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: We share everything.
text: He slows, looking ahead, amazed.
text: In the distance, just over the crest of the hill he sees a
text: strange point, like the top of a high steeple, jutting up to
dialog: the sky.
text: They approach the crest of the hill...
scene_heading: EXT. HILLTOP - DAY
text: Alexander stands, utterly staggered, looking down into a
dialog: valley.
dialog: And he sees...
dialog: A city... not exactly... s sculpture... no...
dialog: Imagine Monument Valley. Man-made.
text: Twisting spires and towers and monoliths shoot up for a
text: hundred feet, swirling multicolored constructions of sand and
text: stone. They are mammoth creations that bend and twist and
text: soar, filling the valley. There is a bizarre sort of
dialog: architectural order to the creation, yet it is also inspired
text: and mad and emotional.
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: Our work.
text: They begin to descend into the valley with the rest of the
dialog: Eloi.
scene_heading: EXT. VALLEY - ELOI CREATIONS - DAY
text: Among the towers now, Alexander sees the fabulous detail to
text: the constructions. They are beautiful, soaring combinations
dialog: of mud and stone sculpture; fabric and wood; sand and
dialog: flowers.
text: It is ethereal pyramid building: primitive creation of
dialog: stunning artistic courage and clarity.
text: Already the Eloi are busy.
text: Like a race of master builders, they climb wooden
text: scaffoldings and scale ropes -- swarming busily around the
text: towers like insects -- unified in their task of amazing
dialog: artistic creation.
text: Alexander and Mara move through the towers.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: This is magnificent...
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: And this is your "work"?
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: Yes.
text: They pass some Eloi carrying mud from a nearby river to the
dialog: towers.
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: (dry)
dialog: The mud carriers.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
text: I can see Kalen's point.
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: Want to be a high climber now, do
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: What you need is an engineer. If
dialog: you set up a system of pulleys and
dialog: counterweights, some basic block
dialog: and tackle mechanism, you could to
dialog: this a lot more easily.
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: It's not supposed to be easy, it's
dialog: supposed to be beautiful.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: What's it all for?
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: I don't understand.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: I mean, why do you do it? What
dialog: purpose does it serve?
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: It has no purpose. It's just
dialog: beautiful... Does everything have a
dialog: purpose where you come from?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Most things. We're very high on
dialog: purpose.
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: It's always been this way here. We
dialog: work on the towers all our lives.
dialog: When we're young we train to be
dialog: planners or climbers or
dialog: sculptors...
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Or mud carriers.
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: And there's no shame to that. It's
dialog: all the same here. Everyone has an
dialog: important job to do. We all work
dialog: together and couldn't survive
dialog: without each other.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: What are you?
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: I'ma planner. I help decide where
dialog: the new towers go and what they
dialog: should look like.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: How do you decide?
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: I try to imagine how they'll look
dialog: when they're done. I try to
dialog: imagine how we'll fit in with
dialog: them... our place in the world.
text: Alexander is impressed with her quiet words,
dialog: own creative passion.
text: He stops, taking in the communal activity eve
text: him for a moment. Enjoying the warm sunshine
dialog: surroundings.
dialog: Paradise.
text: He continues to gaze at the towers, smiling.
text: him, almost on the verge of saying something.
dialog: against it.
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: We should go if you want to see
dialog: your machine.
text: They continue on.
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD - NEAR SUNSET
text: The first stars are beginning to shine in the
dialog: so much like his
dialog: rywhere around
dialog: and peaceful
text: Mara looks at
dialog: She decides
dialog: night sky as
text: Alexander and Mara make their way across an open field.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: .. It was a great city. The
dialog: greatest city in the world.
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: You liked it there.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Oh, very much...
dialog: (he points)
dialog: .. I used to work somewhere in
dialog: that direction, I think. A huge
dialog: university where we taught
dialog: everything from botany to history
dialog: to literature.
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: Learning was important?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Oh very. Learning, commerce, the
dialog: arts -- the whole place was buzzing
text: all the time. Night and day.
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: Did you have fires at night?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Only to keep warm. For
dialog: illumination we had gaslights on
text: most of the streets and a new
dialog: invention called electrical
dialog: lighting that made it seem like
text: daylight all through the night.
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: It must have been safe.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Oh, it was...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: .. Most of the time.
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: It sounds like a wonderful place to
dialog: live.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Looking back... I suppose it was.
dialog: I didn't quite realize it at the
dialog: time but...
text: Alexander stops, frozen. Staring up.
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: Alexander...?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: (quietly)
text: Orion's belt...
text: The constellation gleams in the sky. The string of three
text: stars pointing to the earth. Exactly as it was on the night
text: Emma died. Alexander looks around, amazed, getting his
dialog: bearings:
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Those rocks, over there... they're
dialog: the same... this is... Central
dialog: Park.
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: You know this?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Over there was Fifth Avenue -- and
dialog: the Plaza Hotel was there... this
dialog: is... the carriage path. We're on
dialog: the carriage path.
text: A stunning realization for Alexander. The stars and rock
text: formations confirming his thoughts.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: The whole world is different. But
dialog: this never changes...
text: A long beat as he looks around, his eyes full of pain.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: This is where my journey started...
dialog: right here.
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: You lost someone.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: Someone you loved very much.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Yes... After her death, it was
dialog: intolerable for me here... The
dialog: future had to be better.
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: Is it?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: If you only knew...
text: He looks at her deeply.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: You've welcomed me into your home.
dialog: Into your lives. Everyone has...
dialog: For the first time in a long time
dialog: it doesn't hurt quite so much. I
dialog: thank you for that.
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: I know what it is to lose someone.
dialog: When my husband was taken from
dialog: us... I thought the pain would
dialog: never end.
text: She gently touches his face.
text: A beat.
dialog: She
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: But time helps.
text: She breaks the moment, turning:
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: Now let's see this amazing machine
dialog: of yours.
text: moves off. He takes one final glance at Orion's belt,
text: and then follows.
text: One of the squirrel-like creatures scampers after them and
text: then stops -- and something bizarre happens -- the squirrel's
text: jaws distend unnaturally -- and it vomits forth an eyeball --
text: The human-looking eyeball oscillates on a thick mechanical
text: tendril. Watching Alexander and Mara. Spying.
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE - SUNSET
text: The Time Machine awaits. It sits at the edge of some thick
text: jungle foliage.
text: Alexander goes to it. Mara following. He circles the
text: machine, checking it.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Good -- it looks fine. We had
dialog: quite a ride together...
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: It's undamaged?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Yes... a little scorching on the
text: upholstery but otherwise all ship-
dialog: shape.
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: So you can use it now?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Yes... I suppose so.
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: Go back to your own time?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: I could...
text: Suddenly, she is a different person -- she takes his arm
text: firmly, her eyes burning into his:
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: (urgently)
dialog: Alexander, take my son away. Take
dialog: him back to your time. Will you do
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Mara --
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: Please, I beg you. Take him away
dialog: from here --
dialog: And then...
text: A mournful wailing stabs through the night. A distant horn.
text: Mara freezes. Her eyes wide in horror.
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: Kalen...
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Mara...?
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: No!
text: She turns and bolts, racing away from him.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Mara!?
text: He runs after her -- leaving the Time Machine behind --
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Wait -- tell me -- !
text: Then a frenzy of movement draws his attention back to the
dialog: Time Machine for a moment --
text: He just sees the Time Machine as it is DRAGGED AWAY --
text: amazingly quickly -- something violently hauling it into the
text: darkness of the jungle in an instant -- the jungle swallowing
dialog: it up --
text: Alexander slams to a stop -- amazed -- and then turns to
dialog: follow Mara --
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - SUNSET
text: Alexander and Mara race through the deep forest -- she is
text: running flat out -- he struggles to keep up --
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Mara -- what -- ?!
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: Kalen -- we have to get Kalen -- !
text: A building thunder in the forest behind them --
text: Something approaching -- a crashing cacophony of something
text: thrashing quickly through the trees -- closer and closer --
text: the earth vibrating, something pounding after them --
dialog: Another horn call, closer --
text: Dark shapes sweeping through the forest behind them --
scene_heading: EXT. VALLEY - ELOI CREATIONS - SUNSET
text: Alexander and Mara speed into the valley from the darkness of
dialog: the forest --
text: The Eloi ahead of them are just standing. Waiting. A
text: terrible moment of stasis, terror in their eyes. The world
text: coiled.
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: Kalen -- !
text: An EXPLOSION of horror as the MORLOCKS appear --
text: They erupt from the dark forest into the valley --
text: The Morlocks are horrible, muscular creatures with
text: unnaturally long and distended jaws and ferocious, huge claws
dialog: like those of a mole --
text: And they ride horribly mutated horses and let out ferocious,
text: animal roars.
text: About twenty mounted Morlocks sweep into the valley -- the
text: Eloi scatter in terror.
text: It is a hunt.
text: The Eloi race in panic, so utterly unlike the beatific calm
dialog: of the rest of their lives -- and everywhere the Morlocks
text: pursue -- weaving in and out of the Eloi towers and swinging
text: heavy nets -- capturing Eloi and dragging them away --
text: The Eloi scramble desperately to protect their children --
text: the Morlocks are brutal -- great claws slamming Eloi aside or
text: snatching them up -- nets swinging -- the Eloi never really
text: resist -- once they are captured they allow the Morlocks to
dialog: pull them away --
text: By now the sun is fully setting and it is an unearthly
text: spectacle in the blood red dusk, made even more bizarre by
text: the glowing red eyes of the Morlocks --
text: Mara and Alexander race through the mammoth constructions.
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: KALEN! -- KALEN!
text: Everywhere around them the Morlocks are netting Eloi and
dialog: dragging them away --
text: But it is not random. The Morlocks seem to target particular
dialog: Eloi.
text: A Morlock spins on his horse, his glowing red eyes fasten on
text: Mara. He spurs his horse and gallops toward Mara and
dialog: Alexander.
text: Alexander sees the Morlock pursuing --
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: This way!
text: He pulls Mara towards one of the towers --
text: The Morlock gallops toward them -- swinging his net -- the
text: net traps Mara -- Alexander spins around and grabs the net --
text: he yanks at it violently and pulls the Morlock from his
dialog: horse --
text: The Morlock slams to the ground -- the horse bolts off -- the
text: Morlock snarls and slashes at Alexander quickly and then, to
text: his absolute shock, the Morlock dives into the earth -- he
text: tunnels away with his huge claws in a frenzy of movement --
text: disappearing into the ground --
text: Alexander pulls Mara from the net and hauls her up --
text: He pulls her to one of the towers and begins climbing,
text: hauling her after him, away from the Morlocks --
text: Another Morlock fastens his crimson eyes on Mara, gallops
text: toward them -- swings his net up -- can't reach them. He
text: glares up at Alexander and Mara and then snaps open his huge
text: jaws, screeching in frustration --
text: Then the Morlock below VAULTS from his horse and scales up
text: the tower after Alexander and Mara -- he climbs very quickly,
text: his great jaws snapping -- they scramble to keep above him,
text: desperately climbing -- the Morlock is almost on them when --
text: They see Kalen -- lost amidst the panic below -- the Morlock
text: horses pounding around him -- a frenzy of horror --
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: KALEN! --
dialog: (to Mara)
dialog: -- GO GET HIM -- !
text: Alexander instantly leaps down on the Morlock pursing them --
dialog: allowing Mara to scale down after Kalen --
text: The Morlock grapples with Alexander briefly -- essentially
text: tossing him aside -- Alexander falls and then lands hard on a
dialog: scaffolding below --
text: As Mara leaps down and begins racing through the chaos for
dialog: Kalen --
text: The Morlock on the tower spins around and scales down after
dialog: her quickly --
text: But Alexander sees that Mara is almost to Kalen --
text: When SUDDENLY the ground ERUPTS directly before Mara -- a
text: Morlock BURST up from the hole and LEAPS on Mara like a lion
dialog: on a gazelle --
text: He grabs her with his great claws -- Alexander watches,
text: impotent -- as the Morlock drags Mara down the hole,
dialog: amazingly quickly --
text: Then from the forest -- another blast of the horn.
text: And everything abruptly stops. The Morlock instantly stop
text: pursuing -- the Eloi stop running.
text: A frozen moment and then...
text: The horn call ends.
text: The Morlock spin their horses and gallop into the dark
text: forest, disappearing with their prey.
text: The Eloi look around, slightly dazed, their panic ended as if
text: someone flipped a switch.
text: Alexander sees Kalen's face. It is too painful. Alexander
text: closes his eyes.
scene_heading: EXT. ELOI VILLAGE - NIGHT
text: Alexander stands, frustrated, with Korus and a few Eloi.
text: Braziers burn around the village.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Where do they take them?!
text: KORUS.
dialog: We don't know.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: We have to go after them, find
dialog: where -- !
text: KORUS.
dialog: Alexander, I know you're trying to
text: help. But they don't come back.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: What do you mean?!
speaker_heading: KORUS
dialog: They've gone to a better place.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: You know that's not true.
text: KORUS.
dialog: We choose to believe it.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: My God! How can you just do
dialog: nothing!? They're your friends,
dialog: your family. You all knew Mara.
dialog: You ate with her and worked with
dialog: her... Your work in the valley,
dialog: what is that for if not to --
speaker_heading: ELOI MAN
dialog: To find our place in the world
dialog: and --
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: No -- it's more than that. When
dialog: you create something you say to the
dialog: world: I was here. I mean
dialog: something. How can you just let
dialog: that be taken away from you?!
text: KORUS.
dialog: This is out life, Alexander. It's
dialog: a hard life but it is how we have
dialog: always lived.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Then it's time to change that --
text: KORUS.
dialog: (firm)
dialog: We are what we are.
text: A tense beat.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: You won't even try?
text: KORUS.
dialog: We can't change the day and the
dialog: night, Alexander. This is the
dialog: world.
text: Alexander sees Kalen standing at the door to his house.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Why don't you try telling him that?
text: He strides off toward Kalen.
scene_heading: INT. MARA AND KALEN'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Alexander sits across from Kalen.
dialog: Silence.
text: Kalen goes to him. Sits next to him. Strangely comforting.
speaker_heading: KALEN
dialog: This is how things happen. It
dialog: happened to my father. My mother
dialog: said if we remember him every day
dialog: he'll always be here and we'll feel
dialog: better.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: KALEN
dialog: I remember him before I go to
dialog: sleep. We built a table once. I
dialog: remember that.
text: He leans his head on Alexander's shoulder. Both remembering.
scene_heading: EXT. DREAMSCAPE - SUNSET
dialog: More of the shared Eloi dream we saw before...
text: We are moving through the desert... the sun is setting... the
text: desert sand burns red in the sunset...
text: And then a shape appears in the distance -- we sweep forward
text: -- it is hulking -- predatory -- sparkling red as if the
text: setting sun is reflecting from shining metal --
text: Glowing red -- a great bird of prey -- blazing in the sunset
text: now -- enormous coiled shoulders -- sharp talons -- strangely
dialog: metallic --
text: Then the huge head lunges forward -- the curved beak snapping
dialog: open -- devouring us --
scene_heading: INT. MARA AND KALEN'S HOUSE - DAY
text: Alexander bolts awake -- sweating -- terrified.
scene_heading: INT. MARA AND KALEN'S HOUSE - LATER
text: Alexander stands at the doorway, watching the Eloi troop off
dialog: to work.
speaker_heading: KALEN'S VOICE
dialog: You're thinking about her...
text: Alexander turns, Kalen is standing in the room.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Yes.
text: Kalen goes to him.
speaker_heading: KALEN
dialog: She didn't want me to be a climber.
dialog: She wanted me to be a planner like
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: I'm so sorry, Kalen.
text: They watch the Eloi troop off to work for a moment.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: How can they just go back to work
dialog: as if nothing happened?
speaker_heading: KALEN
dialog: What else can they do?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Kalen... Do you have any idea where
dialog: they take them?
speaker_heading: KALEN
dialog: We're not supposed to think about
dialog: it. But I dream about it
dialog: sometimes...
text: Kalen is deep in thought. He finally comes out with it
dialog: hesitant.
speaker_heading: KALEN
dialog: There's a place that might help...
dialog: we could try going there.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: KALEN
dialog: The Hall of Books.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: You have books?! Kalen, you've got
dialog: to take me there. There might be
dialog: history. Records. Something to
dialog: help us find where the Morlocks
dialog: took --
speaker_heading: KALEN
dialog: I shouldn't have mentioned it. We
dialog: can't go there.
speaker_heading: KALEN
dialog: Why?
text: Kalen looks at him. Deadly serious.
speaker_heading: KALEN
dialog: Because it's haunted.
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE - DAY
text: Alexander and Kalen are making their way through a dense
text: jungle path, long overgrown.
speaker_heading: KALEN
dialog: No one ever comes here. My mother
dialog: told me stories about it late at
text: night. They tell all the children.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: What kind of stories?
speaker_heading: KALEN
text: About the voice in the darkness.
dialog: About the ghosts...
text: They push through some tangled vines. A gaping tunnel opens
text: into the earth ahead of them.
text: They stop. Kalen considers the dark opening. He bravely
dialog: steels himself.
speaker_heading: KALEN
dialog: Climbers should go first.
text: Then he continues on, Alexander following. They begin to go
text: down into the tunnel, pushing aside overgrown vines and
dialog: foliage. No one has been this way for a great many years.
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL - DAY
text: They descend the dank tunnel. Here and there shafts of
text: sunlight shoot down from holes above.
speaker_heading: KALEN
dialog: I had a friend who came here once.
dialog: Sort of a dare.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: KALEN
dialog: He came back screaming... He never
dialog: talked about it after that. I
dialog: don't think he even got this far.
text: Not even noticing, they pass by an imposing figure buried
text: deep in the sediment of the tunnel wall. A stone lion, its
text: great head just protruding from the rock.
text: It is one of the lions from the entrance to the Fifth Avenue
dialog: New York City Public Library.
scene_heading: INT. READING ROOM - DAY
text: Alexander and Kalen slowly walk into a cavernous chamber --
text: shrouded in dust, spiderwebs and cobwebs -- filthy, abandoned
text: and echoing. Eerie.
text: Around the edges we can just glimpse a sense of something
text: familiar, of our time. They are, in fact, standing in the
text: sad remains of the reading room of the New York City Public
text: Library. Massive walls of books.
text: A dazzling shaft of sunlight shoots straight down from a hole
text: above, creating a pillar of light. Everything else is
dialog: darkness.
text: Except for a tiny red glow in a far corner of the room.
text: Then a voice, echoing from the red glow:
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: May I help you?
text: Alexander and Kalen stop.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: .. It has been one thousand, three
dialog: hundred and seven years since I
dialog: have seen a living soul...
text: The glowing red light approaches, ominous...
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: And you are alive. I can feel your
dialog: pulse from here...
text: The glowing red light approaches...
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: If I had known you were coming...
text: The glowing red light stops just short of the ray of sunlight
dialog: from above...
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: I would have baked something.
text: And VOX steps into the pillar of light.
text: He is a truly horrifying sight. A human-shaped robot of
text: sorts. A twisting, hideous collection of circuits and wires,
text: pistons and metal. A gaping face-plate. Bits of ashen skin
text: grafted uneasily to rubber and metal. And one very human eye
text: peering from his wretched visage.
text: The glowing red light comes from deep within his incomplete
text: chest cavity. A power source of some kind.
text: He has the same voice as the informational kiosk Alexander
dialog: spoke to earlier.
text: Vox moves with the strange, jerky gait of a machine well past
text: his prime. He lurches about, but with a bizarre sort of
dialog: elegance.
speaker_heading: VOX
dialog: My manners have become deplorable
dialog: through lack of use. The spiders
dialog: and the scorpions don't care much,
dialog: I'm afraid.
text: He smiles, a truly ghastly sight, and perambulates to a
dialog: bookcase.
dialog: vox
dialog: What can I get you, let's see...
text: (he flips through some
dialog: books)
dialog: .. Henry James? No, too dreary...
dialog: Hemingway, perhaps? No, too
dialog: sweaty. Plato? Proust? Poe?
dialog: Pinter? Pound? No, something
dialog: else... ahhhh... I have it...
dialog: (he hold up a book)
dialog: .. Jules Verne.
text: He turns to Alexander.
dialog: vox
dialog: Right up your alley, I would think.
dialog: You are from the past, yes?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: How did you know?!
speaker_heading: VOX
dialog: I can smell carcinogens and
dialog: industrial pollutants on your skin
dialog: that have not been known here for --
text: (he leans forward and
dialog: smells Alexander)
dialog: -- 800,000 years perhaps. Don't
dialog: keep me in suspense. What year?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: 1899.
speaker_heading: VOX
dialog: I must say, you look remarkably
dialog: good. You don't want a book then?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: What are you?
speaker_heading: VOX
dialog: I'm the librarian. I've always
dialog: been the librarian.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: I know you -- you're an automaton
dialog: of some sort that --
speaker_heading: VOX
dialog: An "automaton"?! Please! I'ma
dialog: biomechanical organism. Well,
text: what's left of one. What's left of
dialog: all of them, actually. I am the
dialog: last...
text: (he sweeps his arms to
dialog: take in the whole
dialog: chamber)
dialog: .. And "these fragments I have
dialog: shored against my ruins." 1.3.
dialog: Eliot. You wouldn't know him yet
dialog: but you'll just love him, he's
dialog: divine, if a little dour. Very shy
dialog: though... hiding over here...
text: He jerks away toward another bookcase.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Sir... have you a name?
dialog: vox
dialog: I am called Vox...
text: (he jerks quickly to
dialog: Kalen)
dialog: .. Now you are Eloi.
speaker_heading: KALEN
dialog: (terrified)
dialog: Yes...
dialog: vox
dialog: Don't be frightened, Vox is here to
dialog: help. To serve. How may I serve
dialog: you, child?
text: He leans very close to Kalen. Then quietly and rather
text: cruelly baaa's like a sheep.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Please, we need your help. The
dialog: Morlocks have taken --
speaker_heading: VOX
dialog: (jerking at the word)
dialog: Morlocks --
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: You know of them?
speaker_heading: VOX
dialog: Who doesn't know the Morlocks?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Do you know where they live?
speaker_heading: VOX
dialog: Oh yes... They found our knowledge
dialog: useful for a time. They used us
dialog: much as your people did. Then they
dialog: decided they had learned enough so
dialog: they tore us up for spare parts.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: But you escaped.
speaker_heading: VOX
dialog: I was lucky. The others weren't.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: How have you survived so long?
text: Vox touches the red glow in his chest cavity:
speaker_heading: VOX
dialog: Regenerating fission reactor, you
dialog: wouldn't understand. It's power is
dialog: well beyond your neanderthal
dialog: cranial capacity.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Can you show us where they live?
speaker_heading: KALEN
dialog: Please... it's important.
speaker_heading: VOX
dialog: An Eloi who would seek out the
dialog: Morlocks? Aren't you a plucky
dialog: little thing?
text: He stares at Kalen, gauging him. Kalen bravely returns his
dialog: stare.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: We need your help.
speaker_heading: VOX
dialog: (with rising passion)
dialog: Why should I help you? You
dialog: primates -- you great, lumbering,
text: hairy animals, drenched in blood
dialog: from the moment of your hideous
dialog: conception -- what have you ever
dialog: used knowledge for but destruction
dialog: and bloodshed! A little bit of
dialog: learning and you lay waste to the
dialog: world! You're no better than the
dialog: Morlocks!
speaker_heading: KALEN
dialog: They took my mother!
speaker_heading: VOX
text: THEY TOOK MY ENTIRE RACE!
text: His thundering words echo around the chamber.
text: A beat. Vox calms down. Takes in his massive walls of
dialog: books.
dialog: vox
dialog: But all that's ancient history.
dialog: I'm safe here. Now I live in
dialog: serene contemplation. I commune
dialog: with the great minds of history.
dialog: Socrates, Aristotle, Shakespeare,
dialog: Martha Stewart. Why should I risk
dialog: all of that to help you?
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Because you'll never die.
speaker_heading: VOX
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: You'll live like this forever.
dialog: Alone. You were meant to help. To
dialog: be with people. Not like this.
text: A long beat.
dialog: vox
dialog: (darkly)
dialog: So, Relic, you want to open
dialog: Pandora's box, do you? See all the
dialog: mysteries exposed?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: VOX
dialog: And if the truth is so horrible
dialog: that it will haunt your dreams for
dialog: all time?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: I'm used to that.
text: Vox stares at Alexander for a long beat.
speaker_heading: VOX
dialog: All right, Dorothy, let's go and
dialog: see the Wizard.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - DAY
text: Alexander, Vox and Kalen are making their way down a forest
text: path. Kalen a bit ahead.
text: Vox talks quietly to Alexander:
speaker_heading: VOX
dialog: When was his mother taken?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Last night.
speaker_heading: VOX
dialog: Send him away.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: VOX
dialog: Send him home. You don't want him
dialog: to see it.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Kalen... hold on a minute.
text: Kalen stops. Alexander kneels by him.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: I think we should go on by
dialog: ourselves.
speaker_heading: KALEN
dialog: No...
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Please, just listen to me... Your
dialog: mother would be very cross with me
dialog: if you got hurt. I'll find her.
speaker_heading: KALEN
dialog: But you're only a mud carrier.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: I'll be all right... You go back to
text: the village and light the fire. So
dialog: we can find our way home.
speaker_heading: KALEN
dialog: I'll wait for you.
text: He hugs Alexander, tightly. And then goes.
text: A beat.
text: Vox watches Alexander, actually moved.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Come on.
text: He rises and they continue down the path.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT - DAY
text: Alexander and Vox are staring up, gazing at something ahead
text: of them. An odd shadow falling across them.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: My God... I saw this.
speaker_heading: VOX
dialog: It frightens you.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Yes...
speaker_heading: VOX
dialog: It was meant to.
text: And then we see it... like a vision from the shared Eloi
text: dream... a great metallic bird of prey... coiled muscles...
text: shining red in the light.
text: It is, in fact, one of the gargoyles from the Chrysler
text: Building. The top of the building towers up from the sand.
text: Shattered and desolate, looming at an odd angle.
speaker_heading: VOX
dialog: So, do we go on?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: VOX
dialog: Aren't you a plucky little -- ?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Oh, shut up.
text: He bravely moves past the top of the Chrysler Building,
text: keeping an eye on the frozen gargoyle as he passes.
text: Vox smiles and follows.
scene_heading: EXT. CLIFFS - DAY
text: Great cliffs soar up like dragon's teeth. Alexander and Vox
text: approach the tallest, sharpest cliff. Like a knife cutting
text: into the sky.
speaker_heading: VOX
dialog: .. The Morlocks never bother me.
dialog: Why should they? I'm obsolete.
dialog: Where's the danger in a book no one
dialog: wants to read?
text: Vox notes one of the little squirrel-like creatures. He
text: calmly crushes it under his foot.
text: Alexander is surprised but says nothing.
text: Then Vox stops at the great cliff, gazing up, a complex
text: tornado of emotions flashing across his one human eye.
speaker_heading: VOX
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: I have not seen this place for
dialog: 120,000 years... Very well, Relic.
dialog: Here's the way in.
text: Alexander stares at the wall of impenetrable stone.
speaker_heading: VOX
dialog: It's not what you think. Touch it.
text: Alexander slowly reaches forward -- his hand passes through
dialog: the stone.
speaker_heading: VOX
dialog: It's what they want you to see.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: This is the way in?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: VOX
dialog: Yes Are you sure you want to do
dialog: this?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Yes. But you've done enough.
dialog: Thank you for your help... I hope
dialog: someday people read your books
dialog: again.
text: And then Alexander takes a breath and... steps through the
text: wall. Disappearing.
text: Vox stands for a moment. Thinking. And follows Alexander
dialog: through the wall...
scene_heading: INT. MORLOCK CAVES - DAY
text: Alexander turns.
speaker_heading: VOX
dialog: In for a penny, in for a pound. Do
dialog: you know that saying?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Yes... Thank you.
text: And they turn to face...
text: The lair of the Morlocks.
text: It is a serpentine network of tunnels that shoot off
text: dramatically in all directions. Some of the tunnels are
text: rough and natural, stalagmites and stalactites gaping like
text: teeth. Others are smooth and architectural, seeming almost
dialog: man-made.
text: In the rocks around them, we can just glimpse relics from the
text: Old World -- buried under thousands of years of rock
text: formation and evolution -- treasures deep in the sediment.
text: Bit of New York -- a building -- a car -- a soda machine --
text: twisting subway tracks arching into the darkness.
text: And in the background a steady inhalation and exhalation -- a
text: constant rasping and hollow moaning -- as if the Earth itself
dialog: was breathing.
text: And the low thrum of machinery.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Machines?
speaker_heading: VOX
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Do you know which way?
text: Vox stands frozen... his nightmares coming back to haunt him.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Vox?
speaker_heading: VOX
dialog: This way.
text: They begin to move through a tunnel...
scene_heading: INT. MORLOCK CAVES - SUBWAY TUNNEL - DAY
dialog: Although he doesn't know it -- and such a thing would be
text: unknown to him anyway -- Alexander and Vox are traveling down
text: the remains of a decaying New York City subway tunnel.
text: They pass bits of crumbling tile on the wall -- the letters
text: "ILR.T." and "42nd Street" are just visible through years of
text: grime and geological growth.
text: They move toward the next chamber, the source of the strange
text: breathing and mechanical sounds seems to be coming from this
dialog: new chamber...
text: They emerge on a ledge high above...
scene_heading: INT. MORLOCK CAVES - MACHINERY CAVERN - DAY
text: Alexander and Vox peer down, hidden.
dialog: If Alexander had the knowledge of its existence he would know
text: he is above the sunken remains of Madison Square Garden. The
text: whole Garden has fallen in on itself at some points, at
text: others the cathedral of metal girders support the ceiling
text: high above.
text: The air around them vibrates and whooshes, the breathing
text: sound roaring. And at last Alexander can see the source...
text: Machines. Towering, sweating, industrial. A network of
text: enormous pipes and electrical cables and air channels like
text: the circulator system of a body that twist off in every
text: direction. A sweatshop Hell. A mechanized Dante's Inferno
text: of wood and leather and steel.
text: And the Morlocks are working. All the machines are powered
text: by the brute strength of the Morlocks alone. They labor
text: among the hellish machines -- slowly turning great wheels and
text: pulling at enormous bellows and hauling ropes and grinding
text: levers. They are nightmare figures of a Bosch painting.
text: Alexander looks down in amazement.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: What's it all for?
speaker_heading: VOX
dialog: The air... the power.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Why did they built it?
speaker_heading: VOX
dialog: The Morlocks didn't build this.
text: Alexander looks at him.
dialog: vox
dialog: Alexander... Listen to me, it was
dialog: wrong to bring you. You're not
dialog: going to find what you're looking
dialog: for.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: VOX
dialog: (grim)
dialog: Trust me... You don't want to see
dialog: any more.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Show me.
text: Vox looks at him for a moment. And leads him down another
dialog: tunnel...
scene_heading: INT. MORLOCK CAVES - HALL OF BONES - DAY
text: The tunnel gradually opens out, getting wider and wider,
text: opening to a vast chamber...
text: And as the tunnel opens out, they get a stunning perspective
dialog: of the whole...
text: Bones. Skeletons. The entire chamber is a vast necropolis.
text: They are standing in an enormous hall entirely made up of
text: Eloi bones and skulls and rib cages and complete skeletons.
text: Some buried deep into the sediment -- some reaching out for
text: them like grisly nightmare images -- an entire sweeping wall
text: of skulls on one side. At other places the bones glisten
text: wetly, fresh kill.
text: Here and there around the chamber holes drop away to
text: blackness, gaping chasms.
text: A silent beat as they take in the horror everywhere around
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: VOX
text: The slaughterhouse.
text: Alexander looks around, shattered.
speaker_heading: VOX
dialog: They raise them like cattle... Feed
dialog: them until they're ready and then
dialog: hunt them.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: No...
speaker_heading: VOX
dialog: (a whisper)
dialog: How are your dreams now?
text: His words hang in the air for a moment as Alexander takes in
text: the gruesome chamber.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: This has to end.
speaker_heading: VOX
dialog: End...?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: This has to end.
text: Vox looks at him.
speaker_heading: VOX
dialog: May I help you?
dialog: Before Alexander can respond --
text: The ground beside them suddenly EXPLODES up -- bones fly --
text: Morlocks ERUPT up from the ground -- Alexander tries to
text: resist -- but he is quickly overpowered --
text: A Morlock grabs Vox and BRUTALLY flings him aside -- Vox
text: falls into a gaping hole -- sailing down -- SLAMMING against
text: the sides of the abyss -- his body RECOILING grotesquely like
text: a rag doll, shattered -- he CRASHES to the bottom of the
dialog: chasm, lies still --
text: Above, a Morlock leans over the defeated Alexander, he opens
text: his enormous jaws wide and screeches down at Alexander,
text: inches away, Alexander can see into his throat.
scene_heading: INT. MORLOCK CAVES - EVOLVING TUNNEL - DAY
text: Two Morlocks are leading Alexander down a long, sloping
dialog: tunnel, deeper and deeper and deeper. But this tunnel is
dialog: different.
text: It evolves from the natural subterranean and bone caves of
text: the Morlocks to rough walls and then walls with decaying
text: frescos and tapestries. It is as if Alexander is walking
text: through a microcosm of man's development.
text: A tall figure is waiting ahead of them in the deep darkness
text: of the tunnel. The Morlocks stop, Alexander as well.
text: Alexander peers at the figure, trying to see. Too dark.
text: Then a voice. Surprisingly gentle.
speaker_heading: GENTLE VOICE
dialog: I won't be what you expect...
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: GENTLE VOICE
dialog: We're not really so different, you
dialog: and I.
text: Then a light. A pulsing bio-electric glow radiates from the
text: figure, illuminating it from within, and Alexander sees...
scene_heading: The UBER-MORLOCK OVERLORD.
text: The Uber-Morlocks are strange creatures. The centuries of
dialog: living deep underground without any physical activity have
text: left them anemic and enervated. They are fragile, weak,
text: elongated creatures. Their skin is almost translucent --
text: like bizarre mutations of a man and a silverfish.
text: A beat as Alexander takes in this eerie figure. The Overlord
text: bears a disturbing resemblance to Dean Fulton.
speaker_heading: OVERLORD
text: It's bio-electric illumination.
dialog: Like certain deep sea creatures
dialog: from your own time.
text: He moves to Alexander. The Uber-Morlocks move slowly, almost
text: having lost ambulatory power. The Overlord stops close.
text: Studies Alexander. Then smiles.
speaker_heading: OVERLORD
dialog: Come... see your future.
text: He ushers Alexander into...
scene_heading: INT. UBER-MORLOCK CHAMBERS - DAY
text: A breathtaking cacophony of the past and the future.
text: A serpentine honeycomb of chambers that combine a Victorian
dialog: Jules Verne sense of the "future" with artifacts from our
text: world: obelisks of cars and computers; towers of scientific
text: equipment alongside rotting advertising posters and preserved
text: animals floating in huge tanks.
text: Mammoth columns of decaying books soaring up like monoliths.
text: Vast towers of enormous tomes of every description.
text: Here and there in the murky darkness of the network of rooms
text: we see flickering lights -- decaying power cables -- the hum
text: and sputter of some machinery in the shadows.
text: The Overlord slowly leads Alexander through the network of
text: chambers, past the amazing artifacts.
speaker_heading: OVERLORD
dialog: What's your name?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Alexander.
speaker_heading: OVERLORD
dialog: Well, Alexander, as a fellow
dialog: scientist I know you have a
dialog: thousand questions --
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: You came underground when the world
dialog: was ending above. And you evolved.
dialog: Some into the Morlocks and others --
speaker_heading: OVERLORD
dialog: No, we created the Morlocks.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Created?
speaker_heading: OVERLORD
dialog: You wouldn't understand. We
dialog: genetically engineered the Morlock
dialog: class to serve our needs.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: As slaves.
speaker_heading: OVERLORD
dialog: To work the machines and build the
dialog: tunnels. You can't imagine what it
dialog: was like when it all started. We
dialog: survived for millennia, scraping
dialog: the lichen and microscopic
dialog: organisms from the rock with our
text: teeth and digging for water with
dialog: our nails. Endlessly. For
dialog: generations. And we... became.
text: The Overlord continues to lead Alexander through the
text: chambers, the two Morlocks following. Alexander can see that
text: the Morlocks are clearly terrified by the Overlord.
text: A few other Uber-Morlocks lurk in the darkness of the corners
text: and high walls of the chambers.
speaker_heading: OVERLORD
dialog: And centuries later when we tried
dialog: to emerge into the sun again, we
dialog: couldn't. Our adaptation was too
dialog: 
dialog: successful. We survived we
dialog: endured... for this.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: How do you control the Morlocks?
speaker_heading: OVERLORD
dialog: We make them see what we wish.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: OVERLORD
dialog: As our bodies atrophied our
dialog: minds... compensated.
text: The two Morlocks following suddenly stop -- mind control from
text: the Overlord freezing them in their tracks.
text: The Overlord continues to walk with Alexander.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: And what of the Eloi?
speaker_heading: OVERLORD
dialog: They survived above. Became what
dialog: they are.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: No... they didn't survive only to
dialog: be your food. You did that.
speaker_heading: OVERLORD
dialog: I'm afraid your indignation is lost
dialog: here. I have no more "human"
dialog: response to the Eloi then you would
dialog: have to a carrot. It's just how we
dialog: live now.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: But this is barbaric! Have you
dialog: completely lost all sense of --
speaker_heading: OVERLORD
dialog: (stops, calm)
dialog: And who are you, Alexander? Who
dialog: are you to question thousands of
dialog: years of evolution? This is the
dialog: world now. I am fact.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: It can't all be like this...
text: They continue walking.
speaker_heading: OVERLORD
text: Underground and above. Light and
text: dark. Predator and prey. There is
dialog: nothing else. There is not even a
dialog: desire for anything else. We have
text: finally arrived at... stasis.
dialog: Which brings us to the problem of
dialog: you... You can see that you have no
dialog: place here. Your blood, your
dialog: offspring, your ideas just don't
dialog: belong anymore. So...
text: They round a corner to another chamber.
text: And the Time Machine is sitting before them.
speaker_heading: OVERLORD
dialog: .. You're free to go.
text: A stunning bell tower looms through the sediment just above
text: the Time Machine. It is a huge clock face from the front of
text: some long lost building. The huge bell silent. The hands
dialog: still for generations.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: OVERLORD
dialog: Go back to where you came from. Or
dialog: die here.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Why would you let me go back?
speaker_heading: OVERLORD
dialog: Because the past is immutable.
dialog: Frozen. Dead... And you are the
dialog: past.
text: A beat as the Overlord gazed at Alexander dispassionately.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Say I just come back again?
speaker_heading: OVERLORD
dialog: Alexander, yours is a world of
dialog: brocade and velvet, not tooth and
dialog: claw. Why would you come back to
dialog: this? To save a few cattle? No.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: I could tell them. Warm them of
dialog: what's to come.
text: The Overlord gazed at him deeply. Then with strange
dialog: poignancy.
speaker_heading: OVERLORD
dialog: Please, warn them. No one will
dialog: ever believe... we have come to
dialog: this.
text: Then a weak voice, echoing from the darkness down the
dialog: corridor...
speaker_heading: MARA'S VOICE
dialog: Alexander...
text: Alexander spins around -- races across the chamber -- the
text: Overlord slowly follows --
text: And Alexander discovers Mara, almost lost in the incredibly
text: Baroque chaos of the chamber. She is hanging on a wall,
text: leather straps holding her in place. Filthy plastic IV tubes
text: connect her to some chugging medical equipment.
text: Alexander reaches up to grasp her hand, can just reach her.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Mara...
text: Mara weakly raises her head -- a shocking sight -- already
text: her skin is becoming strangely translucent, her veins
text: beginning to show through.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: No...
text: Mara tries to speak, cannot. Alexander stands for a beat,
text: holding her hand. Then, without turning:
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: OVERLORD
dialog: We have lost the capacity to
dialog: reproduce. But the species must
dialog: continue.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: So you take their best...
speaker_heading: OVERLORD
dialog: When a creature shows too much
dialog: independent thought we remove them
dialog: from the gene pool. We're breeding
dialog: them for submission. Soon they
dialog: will be fully domesticated.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: You took her because she helped me.
speaker_heading: OVERLORD
dialog: Yes. Initiative and daring are not
dialog: desirable traits in the Eloi. But
dialog: you should be happy for her. She
dialog: won't remember the creature she
dialog: was. She will... become.
text: A beat. Alexander looks up at Mara deeply.
speaker_heading: OVERLORD
dialog: She won't remember you. None of
dialog: them will. You will be forgotten.
dialog: That is how history works.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: A man can change his history.
speaker_heading: OVERLORD
dialog: After all you've seen... after
dialog: man's entire journey... you still
dialog: believe that?
text: Alexander slowly turns to the Overlord, his eyes burning, his
text: fury mounting.
speaker_heading: OVERLORD
dialog: Now will you go?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: No...
text: Alexander steps towards the Overlord, threatening.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: This has to end.
text: The Overlord steps back. A frail creature, he is no match
dialog: for Alexander.
dialog: He has no defense. But for one.
speaker_heading: OVERLORD
dialog: Her name... was Emma.
text: Alexander stops.
speaker_heading: OVERLORD
dialog: If I can only find the right
dialog: door... the lady or the tiger...
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: No...
speaker_heading: OVERLORD
dialog: It's always the tiger for you,
dialog: Alexander, haven't you learned that
dialog: by now?...
text: He glances to Mara, strapped to the wall, her head hanging
dialog: limp.
speaker_heading: OVERLORD
dialog: ... It wasn't possible then and it
dialog: isn't possible now...
dialog: 
text: The Overlord slowly moves to Alexander, his eyes burning into
text: Alexander's, his voice low and steady, hypnotic.
speaker_heading: OVERLORD
dialog: Past... present... future... it's
dialog: all the same ribbon. You can't
dialog: change a thing. Not a moment. Not
dialog: a molecule... You never could.
text: The Overlord is very close. A whisper:
speaker_heading: OVERLORD
dialog: You came 800,000 years not to
dialog: relive it. But you are reliving
dialog: it. How can you watch it again?
text: Alexander looks at him, pain in his eyes.
speaker_heading: OVERLORD
dialog: Go... before it's too late...
dialog: Accept what is destined to be. Go
dialog: back to your own time. The
dialog: future's finished for you...
text: Alexander looks at Mara. Then he slowly turns his back on
text: her and steps to the Time Machine.
speaker_heading: OVERLORD
dialog: That's right... go back... Tell
dialog: them of your journey. Of your
dialog: destiny. This was all... meant to
dialog: be.
text: Alexander stands at the Time Machine.
text: Then he reaches forward and gently throws the Time Machine's
dialog: control lever --
text: The Overlord is stunned --
text: Alexander withdraws his hand and turns to the Overlord.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Not this time.
text: A high-pitched whine -- building -- the world undulates
dialog: around the Time Machine --
text: And then it is gone.
text: The Overlord gapes at Alexander.
speaker_heading: OVERLORD
dialog: That was a foolish thing to do.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: I'm a foolish man.
text: Alexander begins to circle the Overlord.
speaker_heading: OVERLORD
dialog: I could have a hundred Morlocks
dialog: here in thirty seconds.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: OVERLORD
dialog: Does this prove something to you?
dialog: Have you made some great stand of
dialog: which I'm unaware?
text: Alexander continues to circle, the Overlord matching him.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: I'm tired of running.
speaker_heading: OVERLORD
dialog: Oh, you won't be running for
dialog: long...
text: Alexander stops. The Overlord stops as well. The Overlord
text: is now standing where the Time Machine was. A tense stand
dialog: off.
speaker_heading: OVERLORD
dialog: But you've earned a reward for your
dialog: valor. I think you should become.
dialog: You'll like it here. Once you get
dialog: used to the darkness.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: I don't think that's going to
dialog: happen.
speaker_heading: OVERLORD
dialog: And why not?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Because...
text: He smiles.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Time's up.
text: Before the Overlord can react -- a buzzing sound -- the world
text: undulating around him -- his eyes shoot wide with
dialog: realization --
text: And the Time Machine reappears -- appearing through the
text: Overlord -- the Overlord is torn apart -- the Time Machine
text: forcing it's way through his body --
dialog: Splat.
text: The spacial and auditory vibration caused by the reappearance
text: of the Time Machine cascades through the chamber -- and the
text: great clock face above suddenly shifts -- its bell tolling
text: loudly -- the bell swaying back and forth unsteadily --
text: Alexander races to Mara -- urgently tearing her from the wall
text: -- she collapses down into his arms --
text: As the huge clock begins to crumble from the wall --
text: Alexander turns to see --
text: The great clock face finally falling --
text: On top of the Time Machine. Smashing it to pieces.
text: Alexander gathers Mara up and begins racing out of the
dialog: chamber.
text: Another Uber-Morlock reaches for them from the shadows --
text: Alexander easily knocks the anemic creature aside and
text: continues on.
scene_heading: INT. MORLOCK CAVES - HALL OF BONES - DAY
text: Alexander is carrying Mara quickly through the grisly Hall of
text: Bones, trying to remember his way out --
text: Then a hulking figure appears ahead of him. And another.
text: Two Morlocks. Alexander quickly sets Mara down and snatches
text: up a bone to use as a weapon.
text: The two Morlocks circle him, almost toying with him -- then
text: they attack -- Alexander fights them but is almost
text: immediately overpowered -- they roughly shove him to his
text: knees, preparing to dispatch him when --
text: A voice, Vox:
speaker_heading: VOX
dialog: That's quite enough of that, you
text: great bloated ticks.
text: The Morlocks spin to Vox, surprised -- he stands proudly a
text: few feet away -- Alexander instantly drives up and SLAMS into
dialog: one of the Morlocks --
text: The other springs for Vox -- jaws snapping -- Vox thrusts up
text: an arm -- the Morlock crashes into him -- clamping his jaws
text: down on Vox's forearms -- they fall to the ground --
text: Alexander fights with his Morlock as best he can -- but he is
text: woefully overpowered -- the Morlock slashes at him --
dialog: 
text: The other Morlock continues to bite down on Vox's forearm --
dialog: Vox smiles --
speaker_heading: VOX
dialog: That's titanium, you idiot.
text: He powers forward with his other hand and grabs the Morlock's
text: throat, squeezing the life out of him as the Morlock slashes
dialog: at him brutally --
text: Meanwhile, Alexander is having a bad time of it -- the
text: Morlock springs away from him into the darkness of the
text: chamber -- clinging to the walls and scaling along them
text: quickly like a spider -- and then vaults back and slashes at
text: Alexander -- Alexander spins -- wounded -- falls.
text: The Morlock hunches, coiling for the kill --
text: Alexander rolls over, pulling something from his vest -- a
text: box of matches -- the Morlock races forward to destroy him --
text: Alexander desperately strikes a match -- a sudden
text: phosphorescent flare from the match -- the Morlock stops,
text: stunned, blinded for a moment --
text: And then the Morlock jerks, stiffens -- amazed -- as Vox's
text: titanium arm shoots through him from behind -- Vox's fist
text: explodes through the Morlock's chest.
text: Vox jerks his hand free as the Morlock falls.
text: Then a look of surprise passes across Vox's face...
text: to his knees.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Vox --
speaker_heading: VOX
dialog: Imagine that...
dialog: he sinks
dialog: seems that little
dialog: devil got my power relays...
text: Viscous fluid begins to trickle down his face plate.
speaker_heading: VOX
dialog: (smiles)
text: Takes a licking but
dialog: ticking...
text: (his head jerks
dialog: keeps on
dialog: oddly)
dialog: .. For a while anyway.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: What can I do?
speaker_heading: VOX
dialog: Nothing to do,
dialog: I'm afraid.
dialog: just a librarian after all.
dialog: Tell me what to do.
dialog: I'm
dialog: Wasn't
dialog: exactly made for all this
text: swashbuckling.
dialog: though.
dialog: know Byron?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Vox...
speaker_heading: VOX
dialog: I'm babbling. Good
dialog: to talk to for a change...
dialog: Take her out of
dialog: need to go.
dialog: here...
text: (he jerks again,
dialog: Very Byronic end,
dialog: I appreciate that.
dialog: Do you
dialog: to have someone
dialog: But you
dialog: in pain)
dialog: .. I don't have long.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: I won't leave you like this.
speaker_heading: VOX
dialog: Go back to the light. You weren't
dialog: made for this. I was... I was made
dialog: for this moment.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: I don't understand.
speaker_heading: VOX
dialog: I'm going to end it, Alexander. As
dialog: we discussed...
text: He touches the red glow of the reactor in his
speaker_heading: VOX
dialog: .. It'll only take a moment. One
text: interrupted circuit, a few atoms
dialog: smashing together and this will all
dialog: be history. I'll give you as much
dialog: time as I can... help me up.
text: Alexander helps Vox to his feet.
dialog: vox
dialog: Now get out of my sight, you
text: hideous primate.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: I'll never forget this.
speaker_heading: VOX
dialog: I should hope not...
text: (he jerks again in pain)
dialog: .. Alexander... Make them read my
dialog: books. Tell them who they are.
dialog: Who they could be.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: I will...
text: A difficult beat.
speaker_heading: VOX
dialog: Tick-tick-tick -- better scamper
dialog: along now.
text: Alexander picks up Mara and sprints off.
text: Vox slowly turns toward the Machinery Cavern.
scene_heading: INT. MORLOCK CAVES - SUBWAY TUNNEL - DAY
dialog: chest.
text: Alexander makes his way with Mara up the decaying subway
dialog: tunnel.
dialog: Meanwhile --
scene_heading: INT. MORLOCK CAVES - MACHINERY CAVERN - DAY
text: The Morlocks are absorbed in their mindless toil, as they
dialog: have been for generations. Slaving and sweating at the great
text: machines.
text: Vox slowly limps into the chamber. He is near the end, fluid
text: flowing down his face, moving with difficulty.
text: The Morlocks notices him, surprised. Vox just continues to
text: limp into the center of the cavern.
text: The Morlocks begin to surround him, circling him, predatory.
text: Vox looks at the Morlocks surrounding him. He smiles.
speaker_heading: VOX
dialog: May I help you?
text: Then he reaches deep into his gaping chest cavity --
dialog: And the world explodes --
text: A terrific reaction -- a cascading shock wave that tears
text: through the chamber -- the entire cavern begins to implode
dialog: from the violent percussions --
scene_heading: INT. MORLOCK CAVES - HALL OF BONES - DAY
text: The shock wave from the explosion rips through the
dialog: slaughterhouse -- destroying everything --
scene_heading: INT. UBER-MORLOCK CHAMBERS - DAY
text: The shock wave tears through the chambers. The entire Uber
text: Morlock world crumbles, burying the artifacts of man's past
text: in an avalanche of rock.
scene_heading: INT. MORLOCK CAVES - SUBWAY TUNNEL - DAY
text: Alexander hears the shock wave nearing -- the world
text: dissolving as the caverns collapse behind him -- he sprints
text: forward with Mara -- the subway tunnels twist and writhe and
text: implode behind him --
text: Alexander sees sunlight ahead -- the way out -- he speeds
dialog: toward the light --
scene_heading: EXT. CLIFFS - DAY
text: Alexander races with Mara into the blinding sunlight --
text: emerging from the gaping tunnel leading to the Morlock's
dialog: caves --
text: Just as the final tunnels collapse behind them.
text: Alexander sinks to his knees and looks back.
text: Dust and boulders and earth. Vox has done it. The Morlock
dialog: world is no more.
scene_heading: EXT. ELOI VILLAGE - NIGHT
text: Fires burn through the night.
text: The Eloi are standing, amazed, not believing what they see...
text: Alexander and Mara. Alive.
text: They walk through the stunned Eloi without a word. Kalen
text: emerges from his house and runs to them.
dialog: Slow fade to...
scene_heading: INT./ EXT. FIELD/ALEXANDER'S HOUSE - DAY/NIGHT
text: Alexander walks with Mara and Kalen across a green, grassy
dialog: field.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: .. Well, you wanted to see it.
speaker_heading: KALEN
dialog: This is it?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Around here.
text: He stops.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Yes. Just about here.
speaker_heading: KALEN
dialog: But there's nothing here.
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: It was different then.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: My laboratory was about... here.
dialog: And the kitchen was over there,
dialog: where that tree is. Mrs. Watchit
dialog: wouldn't allow me in much... but,
dialog: yes, this is about the kitchen.
dialog: They continue to move around the world that was Alexander's
dialog: house as we become aware of something else...
text: Almost like ghosts at first. Philby and Mrs. Watchit.
text: Moving around Alexander's house in 1899. Then we see the
text: house and the field simultaneously. The same space,
dialog: centuries apart.
scene_heading: MRS. WATCHIT
dialog: I don't know what to tell you, sir.
dialog: He's been gone this whole week.
speaker_heading: PHILBY
dialog: And you've no idea where he went?
scene_heading: MRS. WATCHIT
dialog: No, sir.
text: Philby smiles. They move into the study...
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: And this would be my study. There
text: was an elm tree outside the window
dialog: then.
speaker_heading: PHILBY
dialog: I'm glad.
scene_heading: MRS. WATCHIT
dialog: Sir?
speaker_heading: PHILBY
text: I'm glad he's gone. Maybe he's
dialog: finally found a place where he can
dialog: be happy.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: This... was my home.
speaker_heading: PHILBY
dialog: His home.
text: Alexander puts an arm around Mara. At peace with his past.
dialog: And his future.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Long ago.
text: Alexander, Mara and Kalen and their time slowly disappear as
dialog: we fully come to...
scene_heading: INT. ALEXANDER'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Mrs. Watchit leads Philby to the front door.
speaker_heading: PHILBY
dialog: You know, Molly and I were talking
text: about engaging a nanny for Jamie.
dialog: Someone to live with us and take
dialog: care of the boy. Would you be
dialog: interested?
text: They stop at the front door. Mrs. Watchit looks back at the
text: empty house for a moment. Then turns to Philby.
scene_heading: MRS. WATCHIT
dialog: I think I might be. But there'll
dialog: be some changes made. I run a
dialog: tight house.
speaker_heading: PHILBY
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: I have no doubt of that. I'll come
dialog: by in the morning and we'll arrange
dialog: it. Goodnight, Mrs. Watchit.
scene_heading: MRS. WATCHIT
dialog: Goodnight, Mr. Philby.
dialog: He goes.
text: Mrs. Watchit gently closes the door and turns back to the
text: empty house. She stands for a moment and then, quietly:
scene_heading: MRS. WATCHIT
dialog: Godspeed, my fine lad, Godspeed...
scene_heading: EXT. ALEXANDER'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Philby walks away from the house, stops, takes one look back.
text: And he looks up at the moon for a moment.
text: Then he takes his bowler hat off and flings it away.
text: He smiles.
text: And continues away.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
dialog: 
