speaker_heading: ABDUCTION
dialog: by
dialog: Shawn Christensen
dialog: (C) Copyright 2010
scene_heading: FADE IN TITLE CARD: DECEMBER 18th, 1994
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM / SKY RISE -- CONTINUOUS
text: A WOMAN, mid 20’s, enters the room, revealing a breath-taking
text: view of Toronto -- specifically the CN Tower -- the world’s
text: tallest free-standing structure.
text: When she enters the bedroom suite, she starts feeling dizzy,
text: nauseous, and begins losing her balance. The room becomes
text: blurry, and she kneels to the ground, holding her stomach.
text: She writhes on the floor for a moment, COUGHING, before
text: crawling towards the phone.
text: As she slides against the side of the bed, reaching for the
text: phone, someone’s hand GRABS her wrist... and gently pulls it
dialog: away.
text: Two MEN IN GAS-MASKS stand over her. One of them, VICTOR
text: KOZLOW, 30’s, kneels over her, as she GASPS for air. His
text: comrade, BECKER, 30's, searches through her suitcase.
text: Kozlow holds up a small plastic gas-mask, and places it over
text: her nose and mouth. She begins breathing much easier.
text: Kozlow calmly SPEAKS with a Ukrainian accent.
speaker_heading: KOZLOW
dialog: Where... is the Locust?
text: The woman’s breaths turn into a slight LAUGH. Finally:
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Beyond your reach.
speaker_heading: KOZLOW
dialog: So, you do know where the Locust
dialog: is?
text: The woman nods.
speaker_heading: KOZLOW (CONT'D)
dialog: Then where is he?
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Beyond your reach...
text: Kozlow removes the mask, causing the Woman to GASP for air
text: again. He watches her, as she begins to tremble.
speaker_heading: KOZLOW
dialog: Your room is poisoned with Chlorine
dialog: gas.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: KOZLOW (CONT'D)
dialog: What you're feeling right now, is
dialog: your nervous system deteriorating.
dialog: If you answer my question
dialog: correctly, you can keep the mask.
dialog: If not, I will keep the mask. Do
dialog: you understand?
text: The woman nods again.
text: Kozlow places the mask back on her face.
speaker_heading: KOZLOW (CONT'D)
dialog: Now, I‘’1l ask you one more time...
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: And in that one time... you’1ll get
dialog: the same answer.
text: The woman RIPS the mask off, and tosses it under the bed.
speaker_heading: KOZLOW
dialog: Stupid girl.
text: She SPITS on Kozlow, who SLAPS her back.
speaker_heading: BECKER
dialog: (in Ukrainian)
dialog: I found it!
text: Becker finds a gray folder in her suitcase, and brings it
text: over to Kozlow. Kozlow opens the folder and scans the
text: content. Valuable information is inside.
text: Meanwhile, the Toronto POLICE arrive down below -- SIRENS
text: blaring.
speaker_heading: BECKER (CONT'D)
dialog: (in Ukrainian)
dialog: Let’s go! Come on!
text: Kozlow looks back at the woman, as she slowly dies in front
dialog: of him.
speaker_heading: BECKER (CONT'D)
dialog: There’s no time!
text: Kozlow stares at the woman, as tears stream down her face.
text: Finally... she takes her last breath...
text: Kozlow checks her pulse -- she’s dead.
text: Kozlow rises, grabs the gray folder, and exits the room with
text: Becker. They both turn to SLOW MOTION as the opening riff of
text: “American Woman” begins.
text: CLOSE UP: The Woman’s face, eyes open, dead to the world.
text: When the song KICKS in --
speaker_heading: BLACKOUT
speaker_heading: CREDITS BEGIN
scene_heading: INT. CAR -- NIGHT
text: “American Woman” continues on the radio, as three TEENAGERS
text: drive down the highway. GILLY, 18, (male) longish hair,
text: drives while JAKE, 17, heavy set, sits in the passenger seat.
text: NATHAN HARPER, 18, tee-shirt-and-jeans type, sits in the back
text: seat, looking out the window.
text: Jake and Gilly are LAUGHING as they pass a joint around the
text: car. When they offer it to Nathan, he passes.
text: Gilly SINGS along with the song, while Nathan and Jake LAUGH
text: at him.
text: They pass a road sign which reads: Bridgewater, Virginia
scene_heading: FADE IN TITLE CARD: PRESENT DAY
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE -- MOMENTS LATER
text: Their car pulls into a large PARTY scene outside someone’s
text: house. MUSIC blasts from outdoor speakers, as Nathan, Gilly
text: and Jake get out of their car.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE -- MOMENTS LATER
text: Nathan, Gilly and Jake squeeze through the CROWD, looking for
text: the kitchen.
speaker_heading: GILLY
dialog: Yo, Nathan. Paintball tomorrow,
dialog: man. Free rentals, free
dialog: everything.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Nah. Gunning down people is not my
dialog: idea of a good time.
text: Gilly approaches two JOCKS, 18, with their football jackets
dialog: on.
speaker_heading: JOCK 1
dialog: You got the goods?
text: Gilly takes out two fake Virginia IDs, with both of the
text: jocks’ pictures on them.
text: Jock 2 grabs his ID and looks it over -- he’s impressed.
speaker_heading: JOCK 2
dialog: How much?
speaker_heading: GILLY
text: Fifty each.
text: The Jocks shell out the cash, and hand it over.
speaker_heading: GILLY (CONT'D)
dialog: Welcome to your twenties.
text: Suddenly, Nathan accidentally BUMPS into KAREN LOWELL, 18,
text: gorgeous brunette. They look at each other, as she tries to
dialog: get by him.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (awkwardly)
dialog: Hi.
text: Karen's boyfriend, BILLY WILKINSON, 19, slightly pushes
text: Nathan out of the way, so he and Karen can get by.
text: Karen LAUGHS a little at Nathan and then disappears into the
text: CROWD with Billy.
speaker_heading: GILLY
dialog: Ultra bitch, dude. Don’t even
dialog: sweat it.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN -- MOMENTS LATER
text: Nathan, Gilly and Jake do shots.
text: Nathan holds up a beer to make a toast.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Guys, I love you. You’re my best
dialog: friends. This is to our last month
dialog: of high school. May it be drunken
dialog: and debaucherous.
scene_heading: GILLY AND JAKE
dialog: Cheers!
text: They tap and drink.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: And promise me... Promise me, if I
dialog: get wasted tonight, that you won’t
dialog: leave me on the front lawn again.
dialog: I seriously don’t know whose house
dialog: this is.
scene_heading: GILLY AND JAKE
dialog: Cheers!
text: They tap and drink.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT LAWN -- MORNING
text: Nathan lies face down on the front lawn, passed out, holding
text: a plastic cup with beer.
text: A teenage GIRL walks by Nathan with a garbage bag and takes
text: the cup out of his hand. She lightly KICKS him, to wake him
dialog: up.
text: Nathan slowly raises his head, with a line of drool coming
text: out. He squints up at the girl in the sunlight.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Wake up, whoever you are, my
dialog: parents are gonna be here in an
dialog: hour. You gotta get out of here.
text: As she walks away, Nathan looks around. He has no idea where
dialog: he is.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Shit.
speaker_heading: CREDITS END
scene_heading: INT. NATHAN’S CAR -- LATE MORNING
text: Nathan’s dad, KEVIN HARPER, 40’s, drives the car, while
text: Nathan sits in the passenger seat.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Nathan... under the description for
dialog: ‘dad’, does it say he has to pick
dialog: up his drunken son from random
text: people’s front lawns, as a general
dialog: rule? Because this is the third
dialog: time this year.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Please don’t tell mom.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Mom already knows.
text: Nathan hangs his head down.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: It’s not my fault they keep leaving
text: me on the front lawn.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: It’s your fault you keep trusting
dialog: them to bring you home.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Yeah, I guess.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: They're having a laugh at your
dialog: expense. Which is all fine and
dialog: good. But trust needs to be
dialog: earned.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Like, I trust you’11 tell mom I
dialog: wasn’t drinking?
text: Kevin LAUGHS.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Not gonna happen. You’re on your
dialog: own, kiddo.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Don’t you have any power in our
dialog: household?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Nope.
text: Nathan looks at his father in discouragement.
speaker_heading: NATHAN (V.O.)
dialog: Do you know these people, who live
dialog: in your house, and cook your
dialog: dinners and fold your underwear?
dialog: Because I sure don’t.
scene_heading: INT. DR. BENNETT’S OFFICE -- AFTERNOON
text: Dr. Bennett, 50, glasses, sits across from Nathan, listening
text: to him explain his plight.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: They look like you, they talk like
dialog: you... but they’re not really on
dialog: your team, you know? It’s like
dialog: it’s you against them.
scene_heading: DR. BENNETT
dialog: I think everyone feels that way
dialog: growing up.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Does everyone go to a shrink?
scene_heading: DR. BENNETT
dialog: Not everyone has insomnia, or
dialog: anxiety attacks, at your age.
dialog: Sometimes it just helps to talk
dialog: about it.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: What else is there to talk about?
dialog: It’s all been said before.
scene_heading: DR. BENNETT
text: The nightmare. The recurring one.
dialog: You said there was something
dialog: different about it this time.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: There was...
text: Dr. Bennett presses “record” on a mini-CD player, placed on
text: the coffee table.
speaker_heading: NATHAN (CONT'D)
text: It’s the same as always. A woman,
text: standing in the shadows, is singing
text: me a lullaby. While she’s singing
text: it to me, a single tear drops from
text: her eyes and falls onto my arm.
text: And then she backs away from me,
text: and disappears. Leaving me alone
text: in the dark.
scene_heading: DR. BENNETT
dialog: So, what’s the difference between
dialog: this nightmare and the rest?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: The difference is, it wasn’t a
dialog: nightmare.
scene_heading: DR. BENNETT
dialog: Because it didn’t scare you?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Because I wasn’t asleep. It’s just
dialog: something that popped into my head
text: the other day, like a memory.
scene_heading: DR. BENNETT
dialog: Well, maybe you just remember
dialog: dreaming it.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Or maybe it was never a dream.
dialog: Because there isn’t a day that goes
dialog: by, when I don’t wake up and check
dialog: my arm for that teardrop.
scene_heading: INT. NATHAN’S BEDROOM -- NIGHT
text: Nathan listens to loud PUNK MUSIC, while doing his homework.
text: His mother MARA HARPER, 40’s, enters the room. She turns off
text: his iPod stereo, and sits on his bed.
text: Nathan looks at her.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Sorry.
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: It’s not the drinking that bothers
dialog: me. I was a teenager once, too. I
dialog: absolutely get it. But it’s
dialog: becoming too much of a regular
dialog: thing.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: So, you're not grounding me?
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: You’re grounded for the weekend.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: How about just until tomorrow?
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: No way.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Saturday?
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: Nope.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Saturday, and I’1ll patch up the
dialog: roof, so you don’t have to yell at
dialog: dad to do it, anymore.
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: Deal.
text: Mara gets up to leave.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: I love you mom.
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: Uh huh... Try to get some sleep
dialog: tonight, for once.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL HALLWAY -- MORNING
text: Nathan and Gilly open their prospective lockers. As Nathan
text: takes out his books, he notices Gilly’s locker is filled with
text: an array of pictures of rifles and automatic weapons.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: What the hell is that?
speaker_heading: GILLY
text: The Maritime kidnapper. Another
dialog: kid disappeared just two towns
dialog: over. I’m thinking about getting
dialog: some protection.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
text: The Maritime kidnapper abducts
dialog: kindergartners and infants. You
dialog: might be just a little outside his
dialog: demographic.
speaker_heading: GILLY
dialog: You can never be too sure.
dialog: (motioning to a particular
dialog: firearm)
dialog: Check this out -- M82 automatic
text: sniper rifle. Shoots a ten round
dialog: clip in under a minute. My dad has
dialog: this exact gun up in his den. You
dialog: could wipe out an entire
text: neighborhood with it.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: I think maybe you have a problem.
text: Nathan diverts his attention to Karen Lowell, standing across
text: the hallway. She’s CONVERSING with her CHEERLEADER FRIENDS
text: at her locker.
text: Gilly notices Nathan staring at her.
speaker_heading: GILLY
dialog: She's your next door neighbor now,
dialog: dude.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Yup, three weeks. Hasn’t said “hi”
dialog: to me once.
speaker_heading: GILLY
dialog: Man, I'd be checking out her
text: bedroom window, constantly.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: That’s what scares me about you.
dialog: 10.
scene_heading: INT. CLASSROOM -- DAY
text: MR. MILES, 50’s, glasses, dry humor, is in session with 30
text: High School STUDENTS.
text: The chalkboard behind him reads: Sociology.
text: Nathan, Gilly, Jake and Karen are all in attendance, as Mr.
text: Miles SPEAKS.
speaker_heading: MR. MILES
dialog: Well, I’m sure you’ve all heard
dialog: about the Maritime kidnapper. He
dialog: struck again last night. Fifth
dialog: child in less than three months.
text: Mr. Miles removes a Playboy magazine from inside Jake’s open
dialog: textbook.
speaker_heading: MR. MILES (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m considering having you all
dialog: write an essay on him, if you don’t
dialog: get your grades up soon.
text: Mr. Miles SLAPS a ruler on a SLEEPING STUDENT’S desk,
text: awakening him.
speaker_heading: MR. MILES (CONT'D)
dialog: You_may think this class is a
dialog: bullshit elective, people, but it
dialog: goes on your report card, all the
dialog: same. All I’m asking for is to
dialog: raise you average class grade above
dialog: a ‘C’. In case you don’t
dialog: remember... a ‘C’ is a fairly low,
dialog: shitty grade. It shouldn’t be too
text: hard to rise above it.
text: SNORING can be heard from the back of the room.
speaker_heading: MR. MILES (CONT'D)
dialog: Somehow, I’m sure you’re gonna
dialog: screw this up.
text: Nathan also starts dozing off...
scene_heading: DREAM SEQUENCE:
scene_heading: INT. DARK BEDROOM -- NIGHT
text: Nathan lies in bed, while a SHADOWED WOMAN sits next to him.
text: As the rain outside POUNDS against the window, the woman
text: SINGS to Nathan in a kind, but eerie way.
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: SHADOWED WOMAN
dialog: (echo-y)
dialog: Que Sera, Sera,
dialog: Whatever will be, will be
dialog: The future's not ours, to see
dialog: Que Sera, Sera
dialog: What will be, will be.
text: Nathan reaches out to touch her face, but his hand goes right
text: through her. She's a ghost.
speaker_heading: END OF DREAM
scene_heading: INT. NATHAN’S BEDROOM -- EARLY MORNING
text: Nathan wakes up in a sweat.
text: He looks disheveled -- wipes his eyes. He cracks open a
text: prescription bottle and swallows a couple pills.
text: A car can be heard PULLING up next door.
text: Nathan goes to the window, and sees Karen Lowell, getting out
text: of the car and ARGUING with her boyfriend, BILLY, in the
dialog: driveway.
text: Eventually, Billy DRIVES off, in a huff.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOF -- LATE MORNING
text: Nathan adjusts some new shingles on the roof, with his iPod
text: headphones on, listens to PUNK MUSIC.
text: The sun shines bright, and the roof tar is sticky.
text: Nathan SINGS along to the Sex Pistols “Anarchy in the UK”
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (chanting)
dialog: “How many ways
dialog: To get what you want?
dialog: I use the best, I use the rest
dialog: I use the enemy, I use anarchy”
scene_heading: INT. KAREN’S BEDROOM -- SIMULTANEOUS
text: Karen and her GIRLFRIENDS are hanging up clothes in her
text: closet. They overhear Nathan SINGING next door.
text: They go to her window, and see Nathan moving his head back
text: and forth, SINGING along to the song. They start LAUGHING.
speaker_heading: GIRLFRIEND 1
dialog: What a weirdo.
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: GIRLFRIEND 2
dialog: I heard he sees a shrink. Total
dialog: nutball.
text: Karen grabs her iPhone and aims it at Nathan -- hits RECORD
scene_heading: EXT. ROOF -- SIMULTANEOUS
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (chanting)
dialog: “Or just another country
dialog: Another council tenancy”
text: Nathan loves the song -- gets more into it.
speaker_heading: NATHAN (CONT'D)
dialog: (chanting)
dialog: “And I wanna be anarchy. And I
dialog: wanna be anarchy”
text: Finally, he turns his head towards Karen’s house.
text: NATHAN’S POV: Karen and her friends, LAUGHING at him.
text: Nathan doesn’t really mind -- half smiles back at Karen.
text: Suddenly, a shingle SLIPS from underneath his foot, and he
text: loses his grasp, ripping off two more shingles. He SLIDES
text: down the roof, and FLIPS over the side of the house, barely
text: catching the gutter.
text: Dangling from the gutter, Nathan desperately tries to reach
text: for the roof’s edge, but the gutter BENDS back and SNAPS in
text: half, causing Nathan to FALL twenty feet into the bushes.
speaker_heading: BAM!
scene_heading: INT. KAREN’S BEDROOM -- SIMULTANEOUS
text: Karen and her friends are LAUGHING HYSTERICALLY. They can
text: barely catch their breath.
scene_heading: EXT. NATHAN’S BUSHES -- SIMULTANEOUS
text: Nathan lies in the bushes, listening to Karen and her
text: girlfriends LAUGHING next door. He lifts up his iPod -- it’s
dialog: broken.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Great...
dialog: 13.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY -- MORNING
text: As Nathan walks through the hallway towards his locker, he
text: notices other STUDENTS looking at him weird -- WHISPERING,
text: GIGGLING, and parting ways as he walks by.
text: When he reaches his locker, Gilly is grabbing his textbooks
text: from the adjacent locker. Gilly also looks at Nathan
dialog: strangely.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: What’s going on?
speaker_heading: GILLY
dialog: You mean, you don’t know?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Know what?
speaker_heading: GILLY
dialog: Dude... You’re a YouTube sensation.
scene_heading: INT. COMPUTER ROOM -- MOMENTS LATER
text: Nathan enters the Tech room -- some FRESHMEN are watching a
text: YouTube video of him at one of the computers. They stop
text: LAUGHING when they notice him, standing right behind them.
text: They back off so he can watch the video.
text: ON THE COMPUTER SCREEN: Nathan, SINGING Cheap Trick,
text: FALLING, catching and BREAKING the gutter, and PLUNGING into
text: the bushes.
text: Nathan quickly grabs the mouse and scrolls the page:
dialog: 156,000 hits
text: He finds the Poster:
speaker_heading: K_Grrr11991
text: He CLICKS the Username. The profile page reads:
dialog: Karen Lowell
text: Nathan SLAMS the mouse on the desk and storms out of the
dialog: room.
scene_heading: INT. GYMNASIUM -- DAY
text: Nathan barges into a packed gym class, walking directly
text: towards Karen Lowell, who’s GIGGLING with her five
scene_heading: GIRLFRIENDS.
text: The whole CLASS parts like the Red Sea when Nathan approaches
text: Karen. Everyone turns silent as he looks straight at Karen,
text: dead in the eyes.
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Must be nice to be the toast of the
dialog: day, but I guess that’s nothing new
dialog: for you. You’re a popular girl,
dialog: and you play the role well.
text: Complete with the obedient cronies
text: and the college boyfriend. But in
dialog: the end, it’s just a role.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: You don’t know anything about me.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Seventh grade, Science class. We
dialog: were lab partners. You told me you
dialog: wanted to be an archeologist. You
dialog: were cool. What ever happened to
dialog: that girl? Traded it in for a pair
dialog: of pom-poms?
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: I take it you can’t take a joke?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: I may have looked like an idiot
dialog: falling into those bushes, but at
dialog: least I know who I am.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Really? Is that what your
dialog: therapist tells you?
text: SNICKERING can be heard, as Nathan tries to stay calm.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: I guess it’s hard to keep secrets
dialog: in a small town. But I won’t be
dialog: here for long. How ‘bout you?
dialog: Community College? Summer job at
dialog: the Gap? I’1l1 be sure to drop by
dialog: in three years when they promote
dialog: you to Manager.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Who cares if you leave this town,
dialog: or not? It’s not like anyone would
dialog: remember you, anyway.
text: Nathan’s genuinely hurt by this comment. Karen immediately
text: regrets saying it.
text: Nathan looks around -- EVERYONE staring at him. A profound
text: feeling of alienation sets in.
text: Finally, he walks away, leaving the room in stunned silence.
scene_heading: INT. CLASSROOM -- DAY
text: Mr. Miles, WRITES a large /D’ on the chalkboard, under
dialog: average class grade.
text: Nathan looks out the window as Mr. Miles SPEAKS.
text: Karen looks sullen.
speaker_heading: MR. MILES
dialog: Your mission, should you choose to
dialog: accept it, is to write a four page
dialog: essay on the subject of missing
dialog: children. Percentage of
dialog: disappearance rate, how often
dialog: they’re found, under what
dialog: circumstances. Etc. Etc.
text: The room GROANS. ERNESTO, 17, raises his hand.
speaker_heading: MR. MILES (CONT’D)
dialog: Yes, Ernesto?
speaker_heading: ERNESTO
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: What if we choose not to accept it?
speaker_heading: MR. MILES
dialog: Then you get a big, fat stinky ‘F’,
dialog: mi amigo. On the semester. And
dialog: remember, people, Wikipedia is not
dialog: your friend. I want the cold, hard
dialog: facts on this one. And I want them
dialog: by Friday.
text: The room GROANS more.
speaker_heading: MR. MILES (CONT'D)
dialog: I know, I know. Your lives are
text: destroyed forever. But to lessen
dialog: the workload, I’m going to let each
dialog: of you partner up with someone on
dialog: this one, and then you can share
dialog: the responsibility, as well as the
dialog: grade. Fair enough?
text: The bell RINGS. Everyone starts to gather their textbooks.
speaker_heading: MR. MILES (CONT'D)
dialog: I also want one page dedicated to a
dialog: specific incident of a missing
dialog: child in the United States, within
dialog: the past thirty years. NOT the
dialog: Maritime kidnapper.
dialog: (beat)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: MR. MILES (CONT'D)
dialog: If anyone wants to donate an apple
dialog: or a candy bar to me, you may do so
dialog: at this time.
scene_heading: EXT. HALLWAY / KAREN’S LOCKER -- MOMENTS LATER
text: Karen, not talkative, removes her textbooks from her locker,
text: while her GIRLFRIENDS JABBER.
speaker_heading: GIRLFRIEND 1
dialog: I was like, yeah, I listened to
dialog: that band, like, two years ago.
dialog: Where have you been?
text: The other girls LAUGH, and COMMENT, as Karen looks across the
text: hall at Nathan... He looks lonely, as he gathers his things.
text: Karen ignores her friends’ snobby BANTER, and walks towards
dialog: Nathan.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY / NATHAN’S LOCKER -- CONTINUOUS
text: Nathan switches out his text books, while Karen cautiously
text: approaches him. He ignores her presence.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: So... wanna be my partner?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: I’d rather be castrated.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Look, I’m sorry, okay? I shouldn’t
dialog: have put it up. It was funny, and
dialog: now it’s not funny.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: I’m sure this is some ploy to get
dialog: me to do your homework for you.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: I’m not vindictive. I already feel
dialog: bad enough about this whole thing,
dialog: as it is.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: I’m late for class.
text: Nathan CLOSES his locker.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Who are you going to take? Gilly?
dialog: Jake? They’re worse than me.
text: Nathan walks away.
dialog: 17.
scene_heading: INT. NATHAN’S BEDROOM -- DUSK
text: Nathan PLAYS Halo on his X-Box. His cell phone RINGS. He
text: blindly picks up, still playing the game as he talks.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: KAREN (V.O.)
dialog: phone)
dialog: I'll do the first three pages. You
dialog: just do the ‘specific incident’
dialog: part.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Unbelievable.
speaker_heading: KAREN (V.O.)
dialog: (phone)
dialog: I took the video down. Erased it
dialog: entirely.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Congratulations. You want a medal?
speaker_heading: KAREN (V.O.)
dialog: (phone)
dialog: Do we have a deal?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Nope.
text: Nathan HANGS up.
text: Suddenly, the door bell RINGS. Nathan looks out his window --
text: Karen is at his front door. Nathan’s Halo character BLOWS up
text: from a bomb, because of Nathan’s lack of attention.
text: Nathan watches his mother let Karen into the house.
speaker_heading: NATHAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Holy shit.
text: He quickly grabs his clothes off the floor, and shoves them
text: into his hamper. He slides a bunch of stuff under his bed,
text: and glances at himself in the mirror -- fixes his hair.
text: As Karen KNOCKS outside his door, he dives back into his
dialog: seat.
speaker_heading: NATHAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Come in.
text: Karen enters the room and looks around. She sees the walls
text: lined with books, movies, and computer software. An entire
text: area of the room is filled with board games, chess sets, and
dialog: computer games.
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: You like games, huh?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Not the kind of games you play.
text: Karen SHUTS the door behind her -- walks right up to Nathan.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: (stern)
dialog: Now you listen to me. I screwed
dialog: up, okay? But I’m not going to sit
dialog: back and watch you mope and groan
dialog: and give me dirty looks for the
dialog: rest of the summer. Maybe a lot of
dialog: things you said about me were true.
dialog: I don’t know who I want to be just
dialog: yet. But while I’m figuring that
dialog: out, I’d very much like for us to
dialog: be friends. And if you keep
dialog: rejecting my peaceful gestures,
dialog: I'll kick the ever-loving shit out
dialog: of you. Capiche?
text: Nathan slowly nods, shocked.
speaker_heading: KAREN (CONT'D)
dialog: (putting out her hand)
dialog: Partners?
text: Nathan shakes her hand.
speaker_heading: KAREN (CONT'D)
dialog: Good. Glad we cleared that up.
dialog: Now where do we start?
scene_heading: INT. NATHAN’S BEDROOM -- LATER THAT NIGHT
text: Nathan and Karen are doing research on their separate
text: laptops. Karen cross-checks a fact with a book called
dialog: “America’s Missing”.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Listen to this. Over twenty three
dialog: hundred Americans are reported
text: missing every day. And even though
dialog: most of them voluntarily return
dialog: home, there are still over one
dialog: hundred thousand active missing
dialog: person cases today. One hundred
dialog: thousand... sick.
text: Nathan surfs through some pictures of missing people on the
dialog: web.
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: What’s even more sick, is some of
dialog: these sites want me to pay money to
dialog: browse their missing persons
dialog: archives.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: That’s fucked up.
text: Karen gets up to watch Nathan find a back door into the
dialog: website.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Twenty bucks to access Montana’s
dialog: missing persons database... no
dialog: wonder nobody gets found.
text: Suddenly, he breaks through their security.
speaker_heading: NATHAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Bingo.
text: A long list of names quickly scrolls across his computer
text: screen. The information seems endless.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Whoa...
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Wow. Height, weight, age, favorite
dialog: food, medical reports, last place
dialog: they were seen, people they were
dialog: affiliated with. Everything.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Well, Nathan Harper, you have a few
dialog: tricks up your sleeve, huh?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (browsing the pages)
dialog: Some.
text: Karen checks her cell phone.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Shit, I gotta go. Be back
dialog: tomorrow?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Cool.
text: Karen grabs her laptop and books and heads for the door.
speaker_heading: NATHAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Listen, um... I’m sorry about
dialog: everything I said, earlier. I
dialog: didn’t mean it. I was just angry.
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Really? So you don’t think I’11
dialog: make manager in three years?
text: Nathan cracks a smile.
speaker_heading: KAREN (CONT'D)
dialog: See ya tomorrow.
text: Karen leaves.
speaker_heading: MOMENT LATER
text: Nathan looks out the window at Karen returning to her house.
scene_heading: INT. CAFETERIA -- DAY
text: Karen walks with her GIRLFRIENDS on the lunch line. When she
text: pays for her meal, she sees Nathan, sitting by himself at one
dialog: of the tables.
text: STUDENTS won’t go near him after his YouTube notoriety.
text: Karen looks over at the table she usually sits at -- JOCKS
text: and EMO KIDS. Finally:
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: It’s my fault he’s sitting by
dialog: himself...
speaker_heading: GIRLFRIEND 1
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: GIRLFRIEND 2
dialog: The psycho?
scene_heading: NATHAN’S TABLE -- MOMENTS LATER
text: Karen sits down across from Nathan -- starts eating her food
dialog: like it’s no big deal.
text: Nathan looks around at people in the cafeteria. Everyone’s
text: looking at them -- some overtly and some just glancing.
text: Nathan turns back to Karen, impressed. They smile at each
text: other as if they have an inside joke.
scene_heading: INT. NATHAN’S BEDROOM -- DUSK
text: Karen works at Nathan’s desktop, while Nathan lies on his
text: bed, researching some books.
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Check this out. This site shows
dialog: you mock-ups of what they might
dialog: look like today. And if you
dialog: recognize the person, you can click
text: to see their childhood pics.
text: Nathan gets up from the bed, interested.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: They should all do that.
text: Karen scrolls through some mock-ups -- all computer
text: renderings of the missing children. She comes across some
dialog: amusing ones.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Check out this guy.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
text: Sylvester Stallone meets... Pee Wee
dialog: Herman.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Seriously! Next.
text: Karen scrolls to the next mock-up.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
text: Yikes... Ryan Seacrest meets...
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Liza Minelli.
text: They both LAUGH.
speaker_heading: KAREN (CONT'D)
dialog: Next.
text: The next mock-up reveals a teenager who looks a lot like
dialog: Nathan.
speaker_heading: KAREN (CONT’D)
dialog: Chris Martin meets... you.
text: Nathan smiles -- there’s a strong resemblance, but not
dialog: identical.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: I guess I’m a fugitive from
dialog: justice.
text: Karen CLICKS on the childhood photo -- a young boy, three
text: years old, white Caucasian, wearing a yellow-and-blue striped
dialog: shirt.
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Oh, it’s definitely not you. This
dialog: kid’s too cute.
text: Nathan takes pause at the young boy’s photo. He smiles along
text: with the joke, but this boy seems eerily familiar...
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: I used to have a shirt just like
dialog: that...
text: Karen’s cell phone BEEPS.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Shit, it’s my mom. They’re leaving
dialog: town for a few days. I get the
dialog: house to myself. I gotta go see
dialog: them off. You coming over later?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Yeah, I'll be over there in an
dialog: hour, cool?
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Awesome.
text: Karen runs out of the room.
text: As Nathan closes the door, he looks at the small boy pictured
text: on his screen. It’s almost like the boy is looking back at
text: him. He sits at his desktop, and grabs the mouse -- reads
dialog: the page.
text: The boy’s name is Steven Spade.
text: He stares at the image for a moment, before zooming in on it:
text: SCREEN CLOSE UP: The boy has a small scar on the left side
text: of his chin.
text: Nathan has the identical scar on his chin -- he rubs his
text: finger over it.
text: He CLICKS back to the mock-up of what the young boy would
text: look like now. As the picture loads in, Nathan sees his
text: reflection in the computer screen side by side with the mock-
dialog: up... it’s a very close resemblance.
text: Nathan rolls back from the computer in his chair. Spooked.
scene_heading: INT. ATTIC -- MOMENTS LATER
text: Nathan digs through an old chest in the attic.
text: He rummages through the old toys and school drawings, as his
text: parents are PULLING into the driveway down below.
dialog: 23.
text: He looks out the window at them as they get out of their car
text: and take some groceries from the trunk.
text: He continues digging through the chest until he gets to some
text: of his old clothes.
text: At the very bottom of the pile, tucked in the deepest,
text: darkest corner of the chest, is a striped yellow and blue
text: shirt. He slowly unfolds it -- it’s exactly like the shirt
text: in the picture.
text: He hears his parents GETTING IN downstairs and rushes out of
text: the attic.
scene_heading: INT. NATHAN’S BEDROOM -- MOMENTS LATER
text: Nathan hears his parents turn on the TV downstairs, while he
text: sits at this computer, trying to obtain more information.
dialog: Name: Steven Spade
dialog: Parents: Martin and Lorna Spade
dialog: Date of disappearance: December 20th, 1994
text: Last seen: Sterling Forest, New York. 2:30PM
dialog: Notable attributes: Scar on chin
text: He PRINTS the picture of the boy and the mock-up.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL -- MOMENTS LATER
text: Nathan descends the stairs, quietly. He peers into the
text: Living Room -- his parents are watching reality television.
text: He opens the front door slowly, and sneaks out.
scene_heading: INT. NATHAN’S CAR -- NIGHT
text: Nathan gets in his car and STARTS the engine. He places the
text: printout of the young child on the passenger seat.
text: A TAP at the window STARTLES him. It’s his mother.
text: He quickly turns the printout over.
text: Mara looks at the sheet of paper and then back at Nathan.
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: No ‘hello mom’?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Sorry, I uh... was just going to go
dialog: to the library for this school
dialog: project...
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: What’s the project?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: It's a... project on... websites.
dialog: Building your own website.
text: Nathan tries to gage his mother’s reaction.
text: Mara nods and smiles.
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: Well, don’t stay out too late,
dialog: okay? Love you.
text: Mara goes to kiss Nathan on the forehead, but he balks --
text: subtly pulls away.
speaker_heading: MARA (CONT'D)
dialog: You all right?
text: Nathan nods, and backs out of the driveway.
text: As he drives away, Mara just watches him, until he disappears
text: down the street.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT DEN -- DAY
text: In a dimly lit basement, with books and computer software
text: lining the walls, an OLDER MAN, 60, TYPES on his computer.
dialog: We never see his face.
text: ON THE COMPUTER SCREEN: A profile page on Nathan Harper --
dialog: including his high school picture, school grades, medical
dialog: reports, etc.
text: The Older Man has photos on his desk of Nathan’s parents, Dr.
text: Bennett, Gilly -- everyone he has contact with.
text: The room is filled with technical equipment, tracking
text: software, high-tech phone-tapping gadgets, etc.
scene_heading: INT. PUBLIC LIBRARY -- NIGHT
text: Nathan scans through microfilm of New York newspapers from
text: the early nineties. He finally reaches December, 1994.
text: - He searches ‘The Record’ -- nothing.
text: - He searches ‘The Orange County Patriot’ -- nothing.
text: - He searches ‘The Times Herald Record’ -- nothing.
text: His cell phone VIBRATES. It’s a text from Karen:
dialog: 25.
dialog: thnx for standing me up
text: Nathan immediately CALLS her back. It RINGS for a while
text: before she picks up.
speaker_heading: KAREN (V.O.)
dialog: What.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (whispers on phone)
dialog: Listen to me. I did some research
dialog: on-
speaker_heading: KAREN (V.O.)
dialog: You’re such an asshole you know
dialog: that? I cooked up a couple TV
dialog: dinners and then waited for you for
dialog: two hours. I’m so stupid-
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (phone)
dialog: Will you let me speak for a sec-
speaker_heading: KAREN (V.O.)
dialog: You can find someone else to do the
dialog: project with-
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (phone)
dialog: Will you shut up for a second, and
dialog: listen to me? I think the missing
dialog: kid we saw on that website is more
dialog: than just a resemblance.
text: Silence. Finally:
speaker_heading: KAREN (V.O.)
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (phone)
dialog: I think the kid in that picture...
dialog: is me.
scene_heading: INT. KAREN’S BEDROOM -- LATER THAT NIGHT
text: Karen sits at her laptop reading the web page, while Nathan
text: paces around behind her.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: On December 20th, 1994, Steven
dialog: Spade went missing, while on
dialog: vacation, at the Sterling Forest
dialog: State Park sometime between 2:15
text: and 2:30PM.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: KAREN (CONT'D)
dialog: His parents immediately received
dialog: ransom threats for the safe return
dialog: of their child. After following
text: the abductor’s instructions, and
dialog: paying out more than four hundred
dialog: thousand dollars within a six day
dialog: period, the abductor cut off
dialog: contact, and Steven was never
text: returned to his family. The case
dialog: remains one of Connecticut's
dialog: greatest unsolved mysteries to
dialog: date.
text: Nathan leans against the window, biting his nails.
speaker_heading: KAREN (CONT'D)
dialog: Nathan, I really don’t think this
dialog: is you.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Okay, good. Tell me why.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Well, first of all, this kid’s
dialog: three and a half years old. Don’t
dialog: we all look the same at that age?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: We have the same scar.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Coincidence.
text: Nathan grabs the shirt out of his backpack and tosses it to
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Explain this.
text: Karen cross-checks the shirt with the photo.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Okay, it’s a similar shirt.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: No, not the shirt. The ketchup
text: stain on the left shoulder.
text: Karen examines the stain on the shirt she holds.
text: zooms into the online picture... the same exact stain exists
text: on the left shoulder.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Holy shit...
text: Karen slowly turns and looks at Nathan.
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: KAREN (CONT'D)
dialog: Maybe... you were adopted.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: If I was adopted, then why would I
dialog: be on a missing persons website?
text: Karen looks back at the screen.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: A better question would be... who
dialog: are the people living in your
dialog: house?
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM -- NIGHT
text: Nathan eats dinner with his parents. Only the sounds of
text: EATING can be heard, as Kevin reads the newspaper, and Mara
text: reads a romance novel.
text: Nathan just watches them eat and read -- wondering if he’s
dialog: related to these people. Finally:
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Anyone need the Living Room? I
dialog: want to watch some TV.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: (without looking up)
dialog: It’s all yours.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM -- MOMENTS LATER
text: Nathan turns on the TELEVISION.
text: He approaches the bookcase next to the fireplace. He sifts
text: through the albums, before finding one marked: “1992 ~-1993"
text: As he flips through the album, he sees pictures of himself,
text: with his parents, at a very young age. The album is filled
text: photos of the whole family.
text: He takes the album and opens a nearby file cabinet, which
dialog: contains bills, medical info, travel brochures, mortgage
dialog: info, etc.
text: He reaches his own folder, and pulls out his birth
dialog: certificate. It reads:
scene_heading: NATHAN THOMAS HARPER
dialog: July 25th, 1991
dialog: Certified by Vassar Brothers Hospital
text: Nathan examines both sides of the paper, not really knowing
dialog: what a fake one would look like.
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: KEVIN (0.S.)
dialog: Whatcha got there?
text: Startled, Nathan quickly turns around. Kevin stares at him
text: in front of the open file cabinet.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: I, um... lost my driver’s license.
dialog: And I need my birth certificate to
dialog: get a new one.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Oh...
text: Kevin sees the family album lying on the floor. He looks at
text: the album and back at Nathan.
speaker_heading: KEVIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Listen, Nathan. Your mother and I
dialog: would like to have a talk with you
dialog: tomorrow, after school, okay?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: About what?
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Well... we’ll tell you tomorrow.
text: Nathan nods, nervously.
scene_heading: EXT. PUBLIC PARK -- DAY
text: Across from Nathan’s High School, from a distance, The OLDER
text: MAN sits on a park bench, feeding the pigeons. Eventually,
text: when no one is looking, he lifts up a pair of tiny
text: binoculars.
text: LENS POV: Nathan gets on his school bus -- he’s the last one
text: on. The bus pulls out of the parking lot, into the street,
text: and DRIVES away.
text: The Older Man packs up his binoculars, and leaves, as well.
scene_heading: INT. LIBRARY -- AFTERNOON
text: Nathan uses one of the public computers to Google more
text: research. He keeps coming back to the page of the missing
dialog: child.
text: He stares at the website page of young Steven Spade. He
text: holds up some of his childhood pictures against the computer
text: screen. He’s identical to this boy.
text: He CLICKS the ‘Contact Page’.
dialog: 29.
text: A 1-800 phone number pops up.
text: Nathan stares at the number, holding his phone. He looks
text: back and forth at the pictures, the phone number, and his
text: cell phone.
text: He decides to dial the number.
speaker_heading: FEMALE OPERATOR (V.O.)
dialog: Hello. National Center for Missing
dialog: Children. How may I help you?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (phone )
dialog: Um... I had a question about one of
dialog: the children listed on your
dialog: website.
speaker_heading: FEMALE OPERATOR (V.O.)
dialog: What’s your name, sir?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (phone)
dialog: Nathan... Nathan Harper.
speaker_heading: FEMALE OPERATOR (V.O.)
dialog: Okay, Nathan. Which child?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (phone )
dialog: Steven Spade.
text: Silence for a moment. Finally:
speaker_heading: FEMALE OPERATOR (V.O.)
dialog: Do you think you’ve seen him, sir?
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT DEN -- SIMULTANEOUS
text: The Older Man is eating a bowl of oatmeal, when he hears
text: Nathan’s CONVERSATION come through his computer. He seems
text: concerned, and puts on a pair of headphones to get a better
dialog: listen:
speaker_heading: NATHAN (V.O.)
dialog: I think I’ve seen him. Maybe, it
dialog: was him. I’m not sure-
speaker_heading: FEMALE OPERATOR (V.O.)
dialog: What’s your location? Where do you
dialog: think you saw him?
speaker_heading: NATHAN (V.O.)
dialog: Bridgewater, Virginia.
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: FEMALE OPERATOR (V.O.)
dialog: Your address?
scene_heading: INT. LIBRARY -- SIMULTANEOUS
text: Nathan’s not quite sure why the Operator would want his
dialog: address.
speaker_heading: FEMALE OPERATOR
dialog: May I have your address, sir?
text: Nathan feels weird about the conversation -- HANGS up.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT DEN -- SIMULTANEOUS
text: The Older Man opens a program on his computer. The program
text: has a visual representation of Nathan’s voice and the
text: Operator’s voices. He scans over an earlier part of the
text: conversation, and presses the spacebar:
speaker_heading: FEMALE OPERATOR (V.O.)
dialog: Hello. National Center for Missing
dialog: Children. How may I help you?
speaker_heading: NATHAN (V.O.)
dialog: Um... I had a question about one of
dialog: the children listed on your
dialog: website...
text: As the conversation continues, the Older Man:
dialog: - Tracks the 1-800 phone number Nathan called.
dialog: - Opens the Missing Persons website.
text: - Finds the Steven Spade page, with Nathan’s young picture on
dialog: it.
text: He picks up his phone, and presses a three-number code.
text: After a BEEP on the other line, he speaks:
speaker_heading: OLDER MAN
dialog: Martin, I think we might have a
dialog: problem, here. A big problem. I’m
dialog: going to check on it, now. If I
dialog: don't hear from you in the hour,
dialog: I’'ll send the kid to Rasmus.
text: He HANGS up and grabs his trench coat off the back of his
text: chair. He puts on a baseball cap and runs up a set of
text: CREAKY steps before SLAMMING the door behind him.
dialog: 31.
scene_heading: INT. GILLY’S BEDROOM -- NEXT DAY
text: Gilly is looking over the photographs of young Nathan. He
text: examines the back, the front, the edges, the thickness, the
dialog: amount of glare, etc.
speaker_heading: GILLY
dialog: Definitely not photoshopped. One-
text: hour photo, disposable camera.
dialog: Looks legit.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Sorry to waste your time, man.
speaker_heading: GILLY
dialog: Nah, dude, this shit’s fun. Let’s
text: scan them in to get a better look.
text: Gilly tosses a few in the scanner. Blows them up on his
dialog: computer.
speaker_heading: GILLY (CONT'D)
dialog: Here’s you at two years old, at
dialog: three-ish, and at five...
text: Nathan paces around the room, thinking he’s going crazy.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Man, I need to get a grip. This is
dialog: so stupid. Forget I said anything-
speaker_heading: GILLY
dialog: Whoa, whoa, whoa. Wait a second...
text: Nathan goes over to the computer -- looks at the screen.
speaker_heading: GILLY (CONT'D)
dialog: These two pictures...
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: GILLY
dialog: (motioning)
dialog: See this picture of you, from when
dialog: you were two? It’s cropped weird.
text: Gilly zooms in.
speaker_heading: GILLY (CONT'D)
text: Slight outline of a person's
dialog: shoulder.
dialog: (motioning)
dialog: And the same thing in this other
dialog: photo.
dialog: 32.
text: Nathan looks back and forth at the two family photos.
text: There’s someone off to the side in both pictures, cropped
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Maybe it was taken that way.
speaker_heading: GILLY
text: Nope. Clearly zoomed in a touch.
text: Gilly takes the pictures out of the scanner and examines the
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: GILLY (CONT'D)
dialog: Any more photographs of you and
dialog: your parents?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Not really. Just a ton more of me,
dialog: by myself.
speaker_heading: GILLY
dialog: So, this is it? Two family photos
dialog: is all you have from your
dialog: childhood?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: I... I don’t know.
speaker_heading: GILLY
dialog: Nathan, I got a million
dialog: embarrassing family photos. A
dialog: million cheesy pictures of my
text: parents smiling at me like idiots.
dialog: Enough to make me wanna vomit. And
dialog: you're telling me... that you only
dialog: have TWO?
scene_heading: INT. NATHAN’S CAR -- DUSK
text: The day has become gloomy -- gray, cloudy skies. The sound
text: of faint THUNDER rumbles in the distance...
text: Nathan pulls up to his house, where he sees his dad working
text: in the garage -- fixing the weed-wacker.
text: A slight rumble of THUNDER, echoes in the distance, as Nathan
text: takes a long look at his home.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: My whole life is a lie...
dialog: 33.
scene_heading: EXT. NATHAN’S HOUSE -- DUSK
text: When Nathan gets out of the car, Kevin waves at him. Nathan
text: ignores him, and walks towards the front door, where Karen is
text: sitting on the steps.
text: Karen senses his frustration.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Turn that frown upside down, man.
text: Nathan KEYS open the door.
speaker_heading: KAREN (CONT'D)
dialog: You okay? You want me to go?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: No... the last thing I want is for
dialog: you to go. I just have to figure
dialog: out how to confront them.
scene_heading: INT. FRONT FOYER -- CONTINUOUS
text: Nathan and Karen enter the house.
text: Mara is watching TELEVISION in the other room -- the French
dialog: Open.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: (whispers )
dialog: Where’s your bathroom?
text: Nathan points down the hall.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
text: Second door on the left.
text: As Karen heads to the bathroom, Nathan sneaks up the stairs,
text: gets to his room, and closes the door.
scene_heading: INT. NATHAN’S BEDROOM -- CONTINUOUS
text: As soon as Nathan enters his room, his cell phone RINGS. He
text: doesn’t recognize the number, but picks it up.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (phone)
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: OLDER VOICE
dialog: Nathan?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (phone)
dialog: Yeah?
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: OLDER VOICE
dialog: Are you alone?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (phone)
dialog: Who is this?
speaker_heading: OLDER VOICE
dialog: I’m a friend of your father’s.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (phone)
dialog: Um, then why are you calling me?
text: He’s right downstairs.
speaker_heading: OLDER VOICE
dialog: No... not that father...
text: Nathan freezes.
text: The door bell RINGS downstairs.
text: Nathan runs to the window -- looks down below.
text: NATHAN’S POV: Two MEN, dressed in suits are patiently
text: waiting on his front stoop.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (phone)
dialog: This is a prank call, right?
speaker_heading: OLDER VOICE
dialog: If you’re who I think you are, then
dialog: this is definitely not a prank
dialog: call.
text: The doorbell RINGS again.
speaker_heading: HANGS up.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (phone)
dialog: Gilly put you up to this, right?
speaker_heading: OLDER VOICE
dialog: I want you to think of your
dialog: earliest memory. Did it involve
dialog: your parents? If it didn’t, call
dialog: me back in two minutes.
scene_heading: INT. FRONT FOYER -- SIMULTANEOUS
text: Mara opens the door ajar, revealing two well-dressed MEN.
text: They both smile kindly.
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: MAN 1
dialog: Mrs. Harper?
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: MAN 1
dialog: My name is Alek Nevin, and this is
dialog: Gregory Hill, from the National
dialog: Center for Missing Children.
text: Alek shows his identification, as Gregory extends his hand.
text: Mara shakes it.
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: Is there a problem?
speaker_heading: ALEK
dialog: We hate to bother you this late,
dialog: ma’am, but the NCME received a
dialog: troubling phone call earlier this
dialog: evening from your son.
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: What kind of phone call?
speaker_heading: ALEK
dialog: It’s probably nothing, but we
dialog: thought we should look into it, to
dialog: make sure. May we come in?
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: Sure.
text: Mara opens the door all the way, and let’s them in.
speaker_heading: ALEK
dialog: You have a beautiful place, Mrs.
dialog: Harper.
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: ALEK
dialog: My wife and I were looking at
dialog: houses in this area, as a matter of
dialog: fact.
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: Oh, well as you know, it’s a very
dialog: safe neighborhood.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM -- SIMULTANEOUS
text: Karen opens the door ajar, and sees Alek and Gregory in the
dialog: Living Room.
dialog: 36.
scene_heading: INT. NATHAN’S BEDROOM -- SIMULTANEOUS
text: Nathan stares at his cell phone... Finally picks it up.
speaker_heading: DIALS.
text: After a moment, the MAN answers.
speaker_heading: OLDER VOICE
dialog: Well?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (phone)
text: A woman sings to me, in the dark,
dialog: until I fall asleep... And it’s
dialog: not my mother.
speaker_heading: OLDER VOICE
dialog: And what does she sing to you?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (phone )
dialog: (slightly embarrassed)
dialog: What difference does it make?
speaker_heading: OLDER VOICE
dialog: Was it ‘Que sera Sera’?
text: Nathan turns white.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (phone)
dialog: .--How did you know that?
speaker_heading: OLDER VOICE
dialog: You shouldn’t have called that
dialog: website, Nathan.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (phone)
dialog: Who is this?
speaker_heading: OLDER VOICE
dialog: Your life is in great danger. You
dialog: need to get out of that house.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM -- CONTINUOUS
text: Alek sits across from Mara, sipping a glass of water.
text: Gregory stays standing, looking around the room.
speaker_heading: ALEK
dialog: About an hour ago, your son called
dialog: the NCME, claiming he thought he
dialog: might’ve seen himself listed on one
dialog: of their websites.
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: What website was that?
speaker_heading: ALEK
dialog: An affiliate site called missing
dialog: persons dot org.
text: Mara slyly reaches behind the couch cushion, revealing a
text: hidden Glock 19 handgun, tucked inside the zipper.
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: Never heard of it.
speaker_heading: ALEK
dialog: Is your son around? For us to ask
dialog: him a couple questions?
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: I think he’s out at the library,
dialog: right now, if you'd like to come
dialog: back at another time...
speaker_heading: ALEK
dialog: Let me ask you a question, Mrs.
dialog: Harper. Do you feel it’s
dialog: appropriate, to take what’s not
dialog: yours?
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: ALEK
dialog: Do you feel it’s appropriate, to
dialog: take what was never yours...
dialog: Jeanine.
text: Mara turns pale.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM -- SIMULTANEOUS
text: Karen watches the conversation through the cracked open door.
speaker_heading: KAREN’S POV:
speaker_heading: MARA
dialog: I think you must have me confused
dialog: with someone else. My name is Mara
dialog: Harper.
speaker_heading: ALEK
dialog: Well... it can’t hurt to be sure.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Gregory?
text: Gregory faces a silencer at her head.
dialog: 38.
text: Mara pulls out the Glock and SHOOTS Gregory in the arm before
text: he SHOOTS her twice between the eyes. POP! POP!
text: Karen sees the whole thing -- closes the bathroom door and
text: puts her hands over her mouth.
scene_heading: INT. GARAGE -- SIMULTANEOUS
text: Kevin hears the commotion from in the garage. He looks out
text: into the driveway, and sees Alek’s unfamiliar car.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN -- A MOMENT LATER
text: Kevin enters the kitchen from the garage, and hears:
speaker_heading: ALEK
dialog: Just deal with the father. I’11
dialog: get the kid.
text: Kevin opens one of the cabinets and pushes all the canned
text: food out of the way. In the back of the cabinet, is a secret
text: panel. He opens the panel, revealing a Beretta Tomcat
text: handgun with a silencer.
text: He attaches the silencer, and hides behind the open kitchen
dialog: door.
scene_heading: INT. NATHAN’S ROOM -- SIMULTANEOUS
text: Nathan barely hears the SHOTS downstairs. He looks up from
text: his cell phone.
speaker_heading: OLDER VOICE
dialog: Meet me at Jackie’s Pub in half an
dialog: hour. Alone.
text: Nathan walks towards his door, wondering what’s going on
text: downstairs.
speaker_heading: OLDER VOICE (CONT’D)
dialog: Jackie’s Pub. Nine PM. Be there.
text: Nathan HANGS up -- opens his door, and looks downstairs.
scene_heading: EXT. NATHAN’S ROOM -- CONTINUOUS
text: When Nathan peeks out, he sees Alek coming up the stairs with
text: a gun.
dialog: 39.
scene_heading: INT. NATHAN’S ROOM -- CONTINUOUS
text: Nathan SHUTS his bedroom door, locks it, and runs towards the
text: window, DROPPING his phone on the way.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM -- SIMULTANEOUS
text: Karen LOCKS the bathroom door and crouches in the bathtub.
text: She dials 911.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN -- SIMULTANEOUS
text: As Gregory enters the kitchen, Kevin SLAMS the door on him --
text: SHOOTS him twice in the arm and shoulder. POP! POP!
text: Gregory DIVES behind the kitchen island, and SHOOTS Kevin
text: back, just grazing his leg.
text: Kevin UNLOADS the rest of his mag, as he runs to the other
text: side of the kitchen. POP! POP! POP! Glasses and plates
text: SHATTER as Gregory holds his head down behind the island.
text: Gregory aims his gun at a hanging pot... SHOOTS!
text: The bullet RICOCHETS off the pot, NIPPING Kevin in the neck.
text: Gregory’s gun runs out of bullets -- CLICK CLICK CLICK.
scene_heading: EXT. NATHAN’S ROOM -- SIMULTANEOUS
text: Alek tries Nathan’s door -- it’s locked. He gets out his gun
text: and aims at the doorknob.
scene_heading: INT. NATHAN’S ROOM -- SIMULTANEOUS
text: Nathan tries lifting his bedroom window, but it’s JAMMED.
text: The doorknob gets SHOT out by Alek.
text: Nathan takes his desk chair and SMASHES it through the
text: window, as the door gets KICKED in.
text: Nathan DIVES out the window...
text: ...landing fifteen feet below, DENTING the hood of Alek’s
dialog: sedan.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN -- SIMULTANEOUS
text: While Gregory tries to change mags, Kevin tosses his weapon
text: away and ATTACKS Gregory, dismantling his gun in two seconds.
dialog: 40.
text: They engage in HAND-TO-HAND COMBAT. This goes on for a
text: minute, as Kevin gets the upper-hand.
text: Kevin clearly has a special set of skills for this kind of
text: fighting, and eventually SNAPS Gregory’s neck.
text: Gregory DROPS to the floor. THUD.
scene_heading: EXT. BLACK SEDAN -- SIMULTANEOUS
text: Nathan pulls himself off Alek’s car.
text: He sees his mother... through the open front door, lying dead
text: on the couch. Her eyes are still open, looking directly at
text: him... she seems serene.
text: He sees Kevin run out from the kitchen, into the Living Room.
text: They lock eyes for a second...
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: Run!
text: Suddenly, Kevin gets SHOT in the chest by Alek, from the top
text: of the stairs... He COLLAPSES on to the floor.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: NOOOO!!!
text: Nathan is shell-shocked. Both his parents are dead.
text: A GUNSHOT snaps him out of it. It’s Alek, walking out the
text: front door, pointing a gun at him.
text: Nathan looks over at his beat up Volvo, and decides to make a
dialog: run for it.
text: Alek continues to FIRE at him.
text: Nathan manages to reach his car unscathed, and climbs into
text: the driver's seat. He quickly FUMBLES around for his keys as
text: more SHOTS hit his windshield.
text: He TURNS the ignition, and PEELS out of the driveway,
text: CRASHING into the black sedan on his way into the street.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET -- A MOMENT LATER
text: Nathan SPEEDS down the street. After he drives through a
text: Stop Sign, he SLAMS on the breaks. He looks in the rearview
dialog: mirror...
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Karen...
dialog: Should he go back for her?
dialog: 41.
scene_heading: INT. NATHAN’S HOUSE -- MOMENTS LATER
text: Alek walks back inside, checking all the doors, to make sure
text: no one else is in the house.
text: He OPENS a downstairs door -- Closet. Moves on.
text: He OPENS another door -- Laundry Room. Empty.
text: Next stop, Karen’s bathroom. Alek checks the doorknob...
text: it’s locked.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM
text: Karen hides in the darkness, watching the doorknob JIGGLE.
text: After a second, the jiggling stops... it gets quiet.
text: Suddenly, two SHOTS erupt, causing the doorknob to fall out
dialog: of place. BAM! BAM!
text: Alek SWINGS open the door and turns on the lights...
text: The room looks empty, but the shower curtain is closed. Alek
text: SWIPES open the shower curtain...
dialog: No one’s there...
text: Karen is hiding behind the door, trembling in fear. If Alek
text: turns to his right, he’ll see her face in the mirror.
text: Alek starts turning his head...
text: .--but his cell phone RINGS. He answers it in UKRAINIAN.
text: He calmly speaks in UKRAINIAN, for a moment, as Karen puts
text: her hand over mouth to keep dead silent.
text: Finally, Alek leaves the room.
text: Karen slides down the wall, as she hears Alek walking further
dialog: away...
text: But her cell phone starts to VIBRATE. She quickly fumbles to
dialog: shut it off-
scene_heading: EXT. HALLWAY -- CONTINUOUS
text: Alek hears Karen’s phone and runs back towards the bathroom.
text: CUT BACK AND FORTH
text: BETWEEN Karen and Alek as Karen SHUTS the door on him and he
text: struggles to push it open.
dialog: 42.
text: The struggle continues, as Alek slowly pushes the door open,
text: aiming his gun inside the room. The barrel takes aim at
text: Karen's head.
text: Suddenly, Nathan runs into the house, grabs the gun out of
text: his father’s dead hands, and runs towards Alek.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Hey!
text: Alek turns and sees Nathan. He pulls his arm out of the door
text: and aims his gun at Nathan. But Nathan SHOOTS him three
text: times in the chest. BAM! BAM! BAM!
text: Alek FLIES back into a glass sliding door, and drops to the
dialog: floor.
text: Nathan runs towards him, holding his sites on Alek.
text: Karen exits the bathroom.
speaker_heading: NATHAN (CONT'D)
dialog: You okay?
text: Karen nods, clearly distraught.
text: Nathan leans down, as Alek spits up blood.
speaker_heading: NATHAN (CONT'D)
dialog: (angry)
dialog: Who are you?
text: No response. Nathan grabs his collar.
speaker_heading: NATHAN (CONT'D)
dialog: WHO ARE YOU?
text: Alek looks into Nathan’s eyes, and works up enough energy to
dialog: speak.
speaker_heading: ALEK
dialog: Perhaps... you should ask that
dialog: question of yourself...
text: Alek smiles slightly, before his eyes glaze over. Dead.
text: Nathan lowers him to the ground, completely shaken with the
text: past ten minutes of his life.
text: A very subtle TICKING can be heard coming from the kitchen.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: What's... that sound?
text: Nathan looks up from his grief.
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: KAREN (CONT'D)
dialog: Sounds like ticking...
text: They both get up and peek into the kitchen from the
dialog: hallway...
text: NATHAN AND KAREN’S POV: A wired bomb is strapped to the
text: coffee maker, counting down. 18... 17... 16...
dialog: But before they can run-
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN 1
speaker_heading: FREEZE!
text: Two POLICEMAN have entered the house and have their guns on
dialog: Nathan.
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN 2
dialog: Drop your weapon.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: No, you don’t understand-
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: There’s a bomb in the house!
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN 2
dialog: Drop your weapon!
text: Nathan TOSSES away his gun.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Fuck the weapon, we’re all going to
dialog: die in TEN SECONDS!
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: These men killed his parents-
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN 1
dialog: You're under arrest. You have the
dialog: right to remain silent-
speaker_heading: NATHAN
text: THERE’S A BOMB ABOUT TO GO OFF!!
dialog: 8... 7...
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN 2
dialog: Anything you say may be used
dialog: against you-
text: Nathan grabs Karen’s hand, and swings open the closet door,
text: blocking the Policeman's view.
text: Policeman one FIRES two shots, as Nathan and Karen run out
text: the back door. BAM! BAM!.
dialog: 44,
text: Policeman 2 notices the bomb on the coffee maker.
dialog: 4... 3... 2...
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN 2 (CONT'D)
dialog: Shit.
scene_heading: EXT. NATHAN’S HOUSE -- CONTINUOUS
scene_heading: BACK OF HOUSE:
text: Nathan and Karen run out of the house, and dive into his in-
dialog: ground swimming pool.
text: The house EXPLODES. It BLOWS APART into a million pieces.
text: Glass everywhere. Wood spraying. It all goes up in an
text: instantaneous BLAZE.
scene_heading: FRONT OF HOUSE:
text: Policeman 1 gets INCINERATED, as Policeman 2 manages to
text: escape out the front door and dives onto the yard.
scene_heading: BACK OF HOUSE:
text: Nathan and Karen stay under water, as a blanket of fire
text: drapes the pool for a few seconds. They hold hands under
text: water, while the fire slowly dissipates.
scene_heading: INT. SHERIFF’S OFFICE -- NIGHT
text: CLOSE-UP: A nameplate that reads: Wesley Carr
text: Sheriff WESLEY CARR, 50’s, stocky, sits at his desk with his
text: legs up, watching a baseball game and eating a deli sandwich.
text: His phone RINGS -- picks up.
speaker_heading: WESLEY
dialog: Wesley.
dialog: (beat)
text: Wesley quickly sits up, and grabs a pen and paper.
speaker_heading: WESLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Be right there.
text: He HANGS up and presses the intercom button.
speaker_heading: WESLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: We got an explosion on Casper Creek
text: road. Two officers down.
dialog: 45.
scene_heading: INT. NATHAN’S CAR -- NIGHT
text: Nathan and Karen drive down the highway.
text: Nathan BANGS the steering wheel repeatedly, in frustration.
text: A car BEEPS, nearly hitting them. Nathan SWERVES over to the
text: shoulder, and stops the car for a moment.
text: He tries to recoup himself -- leans his head on the steering
text: wheel. His face is red with sadness, confusion and anger.
text: Karen gently touches his cheek, and directs his head towards
dialog: her, for direct eye contact.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: If we call the police, it’1ll give
dialog: us the chance to explain things,
text: before they jump to conclusions.
text: Nathan nods.
speaker_heading: KAREN (CONT'D)
dialog: I witnessed the whole thing. As
dialog: long as I’m with you, you’re fine.
dialog: I’m not leaving you, you
dialog: understand? I’m not leaving you.
text: Nathan slowly nods.
speaker_heading: KAREN (CONT'D)
dialog: You have your cell?
text: Nathan shakes his head.
text: Karen checks hers -- it’s soaking wet.
speaker_heading: KAREN (CONT'D)
dialog: Shit. Mine’s fried.
text: Nathan looks at the clock. It reads: 8:48
text: They pull back on to the highway and merge with traffic.
scene_heading: EXT. NATHAN’S HOUSE -- LATER THAT NIGHT
text: Sirens flashing everywhere. POLICE OFFICERS, DEPUTY
text: SHERIFFS, and FIREMEN surround the house. Multiple police
text: cars, fire trucks, and ambulances are parked all over the
text: yard, as the fire BLAZES in every direction.
text: On the outskirts of the police tape, neighborhood CIVILIANS
text: quietly stand around, trying to get a glimpse of the scene.
text: FIREMEN hose down the house, as Wesley listen to Policeman
text: 2's statement. Policeman 2 is on a gurney, covered in ashes,
text: as PARAMEDICS check his ears and eyes.
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN 2
dialog: My left ear... I can’t hear
text: anything out of my left ear.
speaker_heading: WESLEY
dialog: Tell me what you saw.
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN 2
text: .--he was standing over multiple
text: bodies, holding a gun. At least
text: three victims. Lot of blood. Next
dialog: thing we know, there’s a bomb... in
text: the kitchen.
speaker_heading: WESLEY
dialog: Your partner?
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN 2
dialog: (beat)
dialog: He’s gone...
text: Wesley backs off the gurney, as they load Policeman 2 into
dialog: the ambulance.
speaker_heading: DEPUTIES
speaker_heading: WESLEY
dialog: Pay attention, everyone.
text: and POLICEMEN surround him.
speaker_heading: WESLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Close the bridges, close the parks,
text: close the highway entrances. Close
dialog: everything. I want checkpoints on
dialog: the entire perimeter of Bridgewater
dialog: County. Bobby?
text: BOBBY FLETCHER, 35, Deputy Detective, stands attention.
speaker_heading: WESLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Call Dayton, Spring Creek, Mount
dialog: Crawford, everybody. Let ‘em know
dialog: what we're dealing with. Also,
dialog: check the local gun shops. See if
dialog: they have any recent red flags.
speaker_heading: FLETCHER
dialog: Yessir.
speaker_heading: WESLEY
dialog: And get me an arson expert down
dialog: here. I want to know what kind of
dialog: ‘bomb’ we’re talking about.
scene_heading: INT. NATHAN’S CAR -- NIGHT
text: Nathan and Karen pull up to a packed Pub. Jackie’s Pub.
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: You got a fake I.D.?
text: Karen shakes her head.
speaker_heading: NATHAN (CONT'D)
dialog: All right. I’m gonna go inside,
dialog: make the call, and be out in five
dialog: minutes. Okay?
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Five minutes. Maximum.
scene_heading: EXT. JACKIE’S PUB -- NIGHT
text: As Nathan gets out of his car, and walks into the pub...
text: WE SEE: A blinking red light attached to the underside of
text: his bumper.
scene_heading: INT. JACKIE’S PUB -- MOMENTS LATER
text: Nathan enters the Pub, and immediately goes to the payphone.
dialog: He dials: 11
speaker_heading: 911 (0.S.)
dialog: 911.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: Hello, my name is Nathan Harper,
dialog: and I think my life’s in danger.
speaker_heading: 911 (0.S.)
dialog: Okay, slow down, sir. Where are
dialog: you located?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: I’m ah... I’m located at...
text: Suddenly, Nathan sees himself on the television. He’s on the
text: Evening News with the headline:
dialog: Bridgewater Teen Suspected of Killing Parents
text: ON TV: Wesley Carr is making a STATEMENT.
speaker_heading: 911 (0.S.)
dialog: Sir? Sir, where are you located?
text: Nathan slowly lowers the Receiver, as footage of his house
text: burning down, intercuts with Wesley’s briefing.
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: WESLEY
dialog: (on TV)
text: He was last seen in a possession of
dialog: a firearm. And he’s wanted in
dialog: connection with the death of his
text: parents, two unidentified victims,
text: and a Police Officer.
speaker_heading: NEWS REPORTER
dialog: (on TV)
dialog: Was anyone else with him?
speaker_heading: WESLEY
dialog: (on TV)
dialog: There was a girl with him. We
dialog: don't know who she is, or whether
dialog: or not she survived the explosion.
speaker_heading: NEWS REPORTER
dialog: (on TV)
dialog: What should Bridgewater residents
dialog: do right now?
speaker_heading: WESLEY
dialog: (on TV)
dialog: Lock their doors and stay inside.
text: Nathan slowly HANGS UP the phone, and ducks into a dark
text: corner, to watch the news report.
text: As the News cuts to the next segment, Nathan slumps onto a
text: bar stool in the deepest, darkest corner of the pub.
dialog: He’s in big trouble.
scene_heading: EXT. JACKIE’S PUB -- SIMULTANEOUS
text: A Police Car pulls into the parking lot. It slowly scans the
dialog: license plates.
text: Karen sees the squad car, moving towards her.
text: When the car approaches, and shines its spotlight inside
text: Nathan’s vehicle... Karen is gone.
scene_heading: INT. JACKIE’S PUB -- SIMULTANEOUS
text: Some PATRONS begin to take notice of Nathan. They begin
text: pointing at him, recognizing him from the news.
text: Nathan tries to make his way out the front door, but three
text: FRAT BOYS block him. As he tries to get by, they hold him
dialog: back.
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: FRAT BOY
dialog: It’s him!
text: Two CONSTRUCTION WORKERS help in holding Nathan down and
text: disarming him, while he STRUGGLES to get free.
scene_heading: CONSTRUCTION WORKER
dialog: Call the police!
text: The BARTENDER picks up the phone and dials.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: You don’t understand. I’m
dialog: innocent.
scene_heading: CONSTRUCTION WORKER
dialog: Tell it to the police.
text: Nathan PUNCHES one of the Frat Boys in the face, attempting
text: to get free. A Worker PUNCHES him back, trying to hold him
dialog: down.
text: Nathan BITES one of the Worker’s hands, and he SCREAMS in
text: agony, as two other GUYS KICK him and hold him down.
text: A LOUD GUNSHOT explodes into the ceiling, causing everyone to
text: SCREAM and duck for cover...
text: It’s the OLDER MAN, holding a smoking sawed-off shotgun.
text: He aims it at the men holding Nathan down.
speaker_heading: OLDER MAN
dialog: Let him go.
text: The Frat Boys and Construction Workers slowly let go of
text: Nathan’s collar, and stand up with their hands in the air.
text: The bar turns quiet.
speaker_heading: OLDER MAN (CONT’D)
text: Straighten out his collar.
text: The Construction Worker straightens Nathan’s collar up.
speaker_heading: OLDER MAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Tell him you’re sorry, and that you
dialog: believe he’s innocent.
text: The Construction worker slowly faces Nathan.
scene_heading: CONSTRUCTION WORKER
dialog: I’m sorry... and I believe you're
dialog: innocent.
speaker_heading: OLDER MAN
dialog: Good boy. Now kindly open the
dialog: door, and let us out.
dialog: 50.
text: The Construction Worker opens the exit door, as Nathan and
text: the Older Man exit the premises.
scene_heading: EXT. JACKIE’S PUB -- CONTINUOUS
text: When Nathan and the Older Man rush out of the Pub, The Older
text: Man JAMS the door with a chair.
text: Nathan quickly notices the SQUAD CAR, shining its spotlight
text: on his car.
text: NATHAN’S POV: Karen is not inside his car.
text: Nathan starts walking towards his car, when the Older Man
text: stops him.
speaker_heading: OLDER MAN
dialog: Your car’s been identified.
dialog: There’s no going back.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Karen...
speaker_heading: OLDER MAN
dialog: The police can’t protect you, son.
dialog: You come with me, or you die.
dialog: Those are your choices.
text: The front door of the bar is being PUSHED open from the
dialog: inside.
text: The Older Man guides Nathan over to his pick-up Truck and
text: opens the door for him.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Wait a second. I don’t even know
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: OLDER MAN
dialog: I’m the one who told you to get out
dialog: of that house.
text: The Older Man gets in the car and quickly starts the ENGINE.
text: Nathan sees the OFFICERS starting to look in his direction.
text: He gets in the car.
text: As they DRIVE off, a large SUV parked nearby, turns it’s
text: headlights on, and follows them.
scene_heading: INT. OLDER MAN’S TRUCK -- MOMENTS LATER
text: Nathan looks at the Older Man as he speeds down the highway.
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: OLDER MAN
text: The police... weak to the advances
dialog: of outside influence. Prone to
dialog: infection. They’1ll be bought by
dialog: tomorrow morning.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: OLDER MAN
dialog: I’m a Bounty Hunter, hired by your
dialog: father fourteen years ago to find
dialog: and protect you, after they took
dialog: you away.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Protect me? How come I’ve never
dialog: seen you before?
speaker_heading: BOUNTY HUNTER
dialog: Because, I only found you a few
dialog: months ago.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: A few months ago? It took you
dialog: fourteen years to find me?
speaker_heading: BOUNTY HUNTER
dialog: No pictures, no name, no DNA. It
dialog: was a one in a million shot at
dialog: finding you, kid, believe me. The
text: agency doesn’t take any chances.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: What agency?
speaker_heading: BOUNTY HUNTER
text: Open up the glove compartment.
text: Nathan opens the glove compartment. There are some official
text: papers and tickets inside.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: What are these?
speaker_heading: BOUNTY HUNTER
dialog: Tomorrow morning, you'll take the
text: 10:24 train to Modesto. There,
dialog: you'll meet a man named Paul
dialog: Rasmus. He’1ll know what to do.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Paul Rasmus... What does he look
dialog: like?
speaker_heading: BOUNTY HUNTER
dialog: I don’t know. Never met him.
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: You never met him? Listen, I don’t
dialog: know who you are, or what this is
dialog: all about. But, you better start
dialog: answering some of my questions, or
dialog: I’m jumping out of this car.
dialog: Starting with, who are my real
dialog: parents?
speaker_heading: BOUNTY HUNTER
dialog: Yesterday, you were a normal kid,
dialog: thinking about college and pussy
dialog: and all that other bullshit.
dialog: Today, you’re a wanted man. By
dialog: tomorrow morning, there’1ll be an
dialog: entire country hunting you down.
dialog: So, you better forget about who
dialog: your parents are, and start
dialog: worrying about who you are.
text: A BEEPING HORN and bright headlights come out of nowhere.
text: The large SUV RAMS into their truck and starts PUSHING them
text: across the highway. They try to get out of the vehicle, but
text: are wedged inside.
scene_heading: EXT. TRUCK / HIGHWAY -- CONTINUOUS
text: After a few seconds, they reach a bridge, and get PUSHED off
text: the edge, landing thirty feet into a shallow river. CRASH!
text: The vehicle is half in the water, and half out.
text: Three MEN get out of the SUV with automatic weapons, and
text: start SHOOTING into the water.
scene_heading: INT. TRUCK -- CONTINUOUS
text: Nathan feels his head, as bullets BOUNCE off the windshield --
text: it must be bullet proof. He looks over at the Bounty Hunter,
text: who isn’t moving.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (shaking him)
dialog: Hey! HEY!
text: Nathan tries to pry the Bounty Hunter from his seatbelt, but
text: notices a large gash on the side of his head. He’s dead.
text: Bullets continue to RICOCHET off the car, as the water FILLS
dialog: the vehicle.
text: Nathan grabs the tickets, and pulls the door handle -- it’s
text: JAMMED. He struggles to open it, but the door is crushed
text: shut. He quickly climbs over the Bounty Hunter, to go out
text: his door.
dialog: 53.
scene_heading: EXT. TRUCK -- CONTINUOUS
text: Nathan KICKS open the door and DIVES into the river, as
text: bullets WHIZ past him through the water.
text: The river flows rapidly, and Nathan floats away from the
text: bridge quickly. He sees the MEN crossing the bridge with
text: bright flashlights, trying to spot him. He puts his head
text: underwater, and glides downstream.
text: His tickets get lost in the water.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER BANK -- NIGHT
text: Nathan washes up on a rocky shore. He’s exhausted and in
text: pain. He crawls over some rocks, and finally passes out.
scene_heading: EXT. NATHAN’S HOUSE -- DAWN
text: The house is a black, smoking, pile of hot ash. The skeletal
text: frame is all that’s left of Nathan’s entire past.
text: Wesley stands by, as FORENSICS place POLICEMAN 1 into a body
text: bag. The Policeman is burnt to a crisp.
text: Fletcher arrives with another MAN; JACK SHAPIRO, 40’s, calm
text: and unassuming.
speaker_heading: FLETCHER
dialog: Boss, this is Jack Shapiro, from
dialog: the Marshal’s Office. He’s the
dialog: arson expert you asked for.
text: Wesley shakes hands with Jack.
speaker_heading: WESLEY
dialog: Pleased to meet you, Mr. Shapiro.
dialog: As you can see, we have quite a
dialog: mess here.
text: Jack nods, while looking at the blackened structure.
speaker_heading: WESLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Now ah, whatever you find in there,
dialog: you tell me about it first. Not
dialog: the Marshal’s office. Understood?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Not a problem.
text: Jack quietly enters the house, carrying his investigative
dialog: materials.
text: A DEPUTY approaches Wesley with his CB.
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: DEPUTY
dialog: Sir, they found a truck in the
text: river up off Route 17.
scene_heading: EXT. BRIDGE -- DAWN
text: A large crane lifts the Bounty Hunter’s truck out of the
text: water. His corpse is inside, still wedged into the driver’s
dialog: seat.
text: The bridge is blocked off by POLICE and AMBULANCES.
text: Wesley shakes his head, ‘What a mess’.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVERBANK -- DAWN
text: Nathan sleeps on the rocks, as the sun rises.
scene_heading: DREAM SEQUENCE:
speaker_heading: BLACKNESS
text: An echo-y rendition of ‘Que Sera Sera’ PLAYS, way off in the
dialog: distance.
text: The Shadowed Woman appears out of the dark. Her face is just
text: barely in the darkness, while her she holds up young Nathan
text: and SPINS him around.
text: It's a joyous, surreal moment, as LAUGHING can be heard. His
text: laughing -- the laughing of a small child.
text: When her face comes into the light... she's a skeleton.
speaker_heading: END OF DREAM
text: Nathan wakes up from the nightmare. His blood is dried, and
text: his lips are chapped. He’s cold.
text: He slowly gets up, and heads into the woods.
scene_heading: INT. RITE AID -- EARLY MORNING
text: ELEVATOR MUSIC fills the aisles.
text: Nathan, wearing dark sunglasses, sift through the aisles,
text: looking for certain survival items. He grabs a backpack,
text: electric buzzer, cheap binoculars, and some carving knives.
speaker_heading: MOMENTS LATER
text: Nathan reaches the CASHIER, 20, stoner-dude. He hands the
text: Cashier a soaked twenty dollar bill.
dialog: 55.
text: The Cashier grabs the tip of the bill, daintily, and slowly
text: peels it open. It’s gross looking. He looks at Nathan in
dialog: disbelief.
speaker_heading: CASHIER
dialog: Really?
scene_heading: INT. GAS STATION BATHROOM -- MORNING
text: Nathan buzzes all of his hair off to change his appearance.
text: He puts some band-aids and gauze on his wounds and scratches.
scene_heading: INT. DINER PHONE BOOTH -- MORNING
text: Nathan puts in a quarter, and DIALS the phone.
speaker_heading: GILLY (V.0.)
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (phone )
dialog: Gilly, it’s me.
speaker_heading: GILLY (V.0O.)
dialog: Dude, what the fuck?!
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD -- MORNING
text: Nathan waits by the side of the road, behind a tree.
text: A car's HEADLIGHTS appear in the distance. When the car
text: approaches, it pulls over in front of Nathan.
text: It’s Gilly. Nathan tosses his backpack into the trunk, and
text: gets in the passenger seat -- ducks down.
scene_heading: INT. GILLY’S CAR -- CONTINUOS
text: Gilly drives the speed limit, listening to the LOCAL NEWS.
text: Nathan’s name comes up, constantly.
speaker_heading: GILLY
dialog: Cops everywhere, man. You’re lucky
dialog: you made it outside of town.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: I’m lucky to be alive.
speaker_heading: GILLY
dialog: Check my wallet.
dialog: 56.
text: Nathan opens Gilly’s wallet -- three fake ID’s with Nathan’s
text: picture on them.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: What’s all this?
speaker_heading: GILLY
dialog: Three different identities in three
dialog: different states. I even
dialog: photoshopped off your hair, to
dialog: match. You’re gonna be one covert
dialog: motherfucker.
text: Nathan scans through the IDS -- Virginia, New York,
text: California. Different names are listed on each card.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Wow.
speaker_heading: GILLY
dialog: This is my finest, finest work,
dialog: dude. What you are holding, are
dialog: works of art.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Thanks, man.
speaker_heading: GILLY
dialog: You need a gun?
text: Gilly lifts up a blanket on the back seat. An assortment of
text: handguns are hidden underneath.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: You know how I feel about guns.
speaker_heading: GILLY
dialog: Well, if you don’t turn yourself
dialog: in, and there are people trying to
dialog: kill you... I’m gonna have to
dialog: insist you take one of those bad
dialog: boys for protection.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: I’m not turning myself in.
speaker_heading: GILLY
dialog: Maybe you can still explain
dialog: everything.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Explain what? That my parents
dialog: weren’t who they said they were?
dialog: Who’s gonna believe that?
dialog: Especially now that my house is
text: gone, the evidence is gone, and the
dialog: cops think I’m a mass murderer.
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: GILLY
dialog: Good point. But it gets worse
dialog: every minute you’re on the run,
dialog: dude.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: If I do turn myself in, it won't be
dialog: to these local schmocal cops. I/’11
dialog: go to the FBI if I don’t find this
dialog: Rasmus guy.
text: Gilly starts pulling over.
speaker_heading: NATHAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Why are we stopping?
text: Nathan sees Karen come out of the woods, and watches her jump
text: in the back seat.
speaker_heading: NATHAN (CONT'D)
dialog: What the hell is this?
speaker_heading: GILLY
dialog: She called right after you, dude!
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: I just got out of an internet cafe.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Well, I’m really happy for you, but
dialog: you shouldn’t be with me, right
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: No, listen. They erased that
dialog: website with your picture on it.
dialog: It’s like it never existed.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Listen to me, Karen. I’m in a lot
dialog: of trouble, here. My fate is
dialog: looking pretty grim. But you...
dialog: you haven’t been identified yet.
dialog: You should get out, while you still
dialog: can.
text: Suddenly, Karen's name gets mentioned on the RADIO:
speaker_heading: RADIO ANNOUNCER
text: Police now suspect that the girl
dialog: who escaped with Nathan Harper, may
dialog: be Karen Lowell, his next door
dialog: neighbor. She’s been missing since
dialog: last night, and was working on a
dialog: school project with the suspect for
dialog: the past week...
dialog: 58.
text: Karen SHUTS it off... slowly leans back in her seat.
dialog: Finally:
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: I’m coming with you.
scene_heading: EXT. LARGE TRAIN STATION -- MORNING
text: Gilly drops off Nathan and Karen.
text: After Nathan SHUTS the door, he leans in the window, to shake
text: Gilly’s hand.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: No guns, brother.
speaker_heading: GILLY
dialog: You better come back to me, man. I
dialog: only have one best friend.
text: Nathan smiles -- nods.
speaker_heading: GILLY (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m serious. You be careful.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: I will.
text: Nathan walks with Karen into the station.
scene_heading: INT. LARGE TRAIN STATION -- MORNING
text: The Station is filled with COMMUTERS and TRAVELERS, busily
text: walking to their allotted trains.
text: Karen and Nathan enter the Station.
text: The large clock reads: 10:16
speaker_heading: TICKET COUNTER
text: Nathan reaches the TICKET TELLER, 40's, female, glasses.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Two tickets for Modesto, please?
speaker_heading: TICKET TELLER
dialog: The 10:24?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Yes. How long is the trip?
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: TICKET TELLER
text: Three days, three nights.
text: The Ticket Teller PRINTS up the tickets, while Nathan hands
text: over the cash.
speaker_heading: TICKET TELLER (CONT’D)
dialog: (handing tickets over)
dialog: Better hurry.
scene_heading: INT. ABOVE-GROUND TRAIN PLATFORM -- MORNING
text: Packed with PASSENGERS and PORTERS.
text: Nathan and Karen reach the CONDUCTOR.
text: He examines their tickets, looks at them, and lets them on
dialog: the train.
scene_heading: INT. FOOD CAR -- MOMENTS LATER
text: Karen and Nathan make their way through the food car, before
dialog: entering the:
text: SLEEPING CAR HALLWAY
text: They reach Room 42 -- open their door.
scene_heading: EXT. ABOVE-GROUND TRAIN PLATFORM -- SIMULTANEOUS
text: Just as the Conductor is about to close the door, a MAN runs
text: up, just in time to hand the Conductor a ticket.
text: He’s mid 30’s, wearing glasses and a casual suit. We’ll call
text: him THE STRANGER.
text: The Stranger kindly smiles at the Conductor, who lets him on
dialog: the train.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM 42 -- CONTINUOUS
text: Karen and Nathan enter their room, and put down their bags.
text: Nathan looks out the window, hearing the WHISTLE BLOW, and
text: watching the train leave the platform. He shuts the blinds --
text: opens the overhead compartment with a cot.
text: Karen turns on the lamp.
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: You can sleep on the cot tonight.
dialog: I’1l take the couch.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Who are we supposed to meet at the
dialog: end of this rainbow?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: I don’t know. Some guy named
dialog: Rasmus. Paul Rasmus.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: That’s it?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (defeated)
dialog: That’s all I got. I keep thinking
dialog: I’m in this nightmare, and I’m
dialog: gonna wake up, at any moment. But,
dialog: it doesn’t happen.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Maybe we go to the FBI?
text: Nathan shrugs.
text: Karen takes out a First Aid Kit and grabs some cotton balls
text: and begins dabbing some of Nathan’s facial scars.
speaker_heading: KAREN (CONT'D)
dialog: You've got glass stuck all over
dialog: you. Take off your shirt.
text: Nathan reluctantly takes off his shirt.
text: Karen picks out some small shards of glass from Nathan's
text: skin. He WINCES.
speaker_heading: KAREN (CONT'D)
dialog: Hold still.
text: After she’s through, they look at each other. They lean in
text: to each other slightly, on the verge of a kiss...
dialog: Finally:
speaker_heading: KAREN (CONT'D)
dialog: I... I’m kind of tired. Haven't
dialog: slept in twenty four hours.
text: Nathan nods. He backs off.
scene_heading: TRAIN HALLWAY
text: The Stranger BUMPS into a CAR ATTENDANT.
dialog: 61.
scene_heading: CAR ATTENDANT
dialog: Sorry, sir.
speaker_heading: STRANGER
dialog: My fault.
text: When the Attendant disappears, the Stranger takes out a sheet
text: of paper, which he pick-pocketed -- a list of all the
dialog: passengers.
text: The Stranger scans the list -- no listing for ‘Harper’.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: ROOM 42 -- LATE AFTERNOON
text: Nathan sleeps on the couch, before Karen wakes him up.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: I’m going to get some food.
text: Nathan nods, wiping his eyes.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Be careful.
text: Karen nods and grabs some cash. On her way out the door, she
dialog: thinks of something:
speaker_heading: KAREN
text: I'll knock twice before keying in.
dialog: If you don’t hear two knocks...
dialog: it’s not me.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Okay.
text: Karen leaves.
speaker_heading: DINING CAR
text: Karen is on line at the buffet. She LOPS on potatoes and
text: green beans and chicken -- enough to feed an army.
text: The Stranger gets on line next to her -- smiles at her.
speaker_heading: STRANGER
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Hi.
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: STRANGER
dialog: Lot of food there. You must be
dialog: hungry.
text: Karen smiles and nods, grabbing a couple of rolls. She hands
text: her food ticket to the BUFFET LADY at the end of the long
dialog: table.
text: The Buffet Lady looks at the amount of food on her plate.
text: Karen, not wanting to cause a scene, hands over Nathan’s
dialog: ticket, as well.
text: The Stranger sees the second ticket -- he knows she’s not
dialog: alone.
text: Karen leaves the food car.
text: The Stranger puts down his food, and follows her.
text: SLEEPING CAR HALLWAY
text: Karen walks down the hallway, balancing the food with her
dialog: hands.
text: Without Karen noticing, the Stranger comes up behind her.
text: Another PASSENGER walks by, passing both of them. When the
text: Passenger is gone, the Stranger puts his hand over Karen's
dialog: mouth.
text: The food FALLS to the ground -- plate SHATTERS.
text: The Stranger PUNCHES Karen twice in the face, knocking her
text: out. He quickly keys into his room, and HAULS her inside.
text: He comes back out to clean up the mess, when a STEWARD
text: happens to walk by.
speaker_heading: STEWARD
dialog: Oh, did you drop it?
speaker_heading: STRANGER
dialog: (kindly)
dialog: Yeah, sorry...
speaker_heading: STEWARD
dialog: It’s no problem, I'll clean it up.
speaker_heading: STRANGER
dialog: Thank you so much.
speaker_heading: STEWARD
dialog: I'll get you a new food ticket in a
dialog: few minutes, okay?
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: STRANGER
dialog: Thank you. That would be great.
text: The Stranger enters his room -- SHUTS the door.
speaker_heading: ROOM 13
text: The Stranger drags Karen further inside his room -- her face
text: bloody, her body limp. He leans over her, takes out a gun,
text: and jams the silencer deep in to her mouth.
text: He checks her pockets for her room key -- finds it. Room 42.
speaker_heading: STRANGER
dialog: Do you understand the importance of
dialog: telling the truth, Karen?
text: Karen, barely conscious, nods.
speaker_heading: STRANGER (CONT'D)
dialog: Is there a secret knock, or
dialog: password, I should know about
dialog: before entering the room?
text: Karen slowly shakes her head ‘no’, tears forming in her eyes.
text: The Stranger looks deep into her eyes -- she’s lying.
speaker_heading: STRANGER (CONT'D)
dialog: Such a shame.
text: He takes out a cigar cutter with his other hand, and places
text: her left index finger inside the cutter.
text: He applies pressure with the cutter, clamping down on her
text: finger, but not all the way.
text: Karen emits MUFFLED SCREAMS of agony.
speaker_heading: STRANGER (CONT'D)
dialog: Is there a secret knock, or
dialog: password, I should know about
dialog: before entering the room?
text: Karen slowly nods.
speaker_heading: STRANGER (CONT'D)
dialog: And what is it?
text: He takes the gun out of her mouth for her to speak.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: (shortness of breath)
text: Two... knocks.
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: STRANGER
dialog: Two knocks, then enter?
text: Karen nods, CRYING.
text: The Stranger looks deep into her eyes -- it’s the truth.
text: He slowly takes her finger out of the cutter -- smiles.
speaker_heading: STRANGER (CONT'D)
dialog: If I go there, and you’ve lied to
dialog: me...
text: He SNAPS the cutter. SNAP. SNAP. SNAP.
speaker_heading: STRANGER (CONT'D)
dialog: One by one.
speaker_heading: ROOM 42
text: Nathan peaks through the half-open blinds, watching the world
text: go by. He looks over at Karen’s coat -- a small bottle of
text: PepperBall Pepper Spray sticks out of her inside pocket.
text: Nathan smiles, and picks it up.
text: The label reads: Warning: Severe Irritant
text: He puts the bottle down and checks his watch -- it’s taking
text: Karen a while to come back.
text: SLEEPING CAR HALLWAY
text: The Stranger enters the hallway, as another FEMALE PASSENGER
text: walks by. The Stranger smiles kindly at the Passenger, but
text: as soon as she disappears around the corner, his smile
text: disappears, as well.
text: He approaches Room 42 -- KNOCKS twice, before KEYING into the
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: ROOM 42
text: The Stranger enters, gun in hand -- no sign of Nathan.
text: The Stranger quietly moves towards the bathroom, and KICKS
dialog: open the door -- no Nathan.
text: He looks up at the closed upper compartment -- aims his gun
text: at it. He reaches for the handle, slowly... then PULLS it
dialog: down...
dialog: No Nathan.
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: DINING CAR
text: Nathan is scanning the dining car, wondering where Karen
text: could be. He doesn’t see her, and heads back towards his
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: ROOM 42
text: When Nathan reaches his room, he gets out his keys to open
text: the door, but notices something odd next to the doorknob...
text: Blood. Just a small speck of blood above the doorknob.
text: He HEARS someone in the room, and quickly steps to the side.
text: The Stranger exits the room, looking in the other direction.
text: Nathan quickly sneaks inside the room, and SHUTS the door,
text: but the Stranger CATCHES it before it’s completely closed.
text: Nathan PUNCHES his fingers and tries to JAM them by SLAMMING
text: closed the door.
text: But the Stranger is stronger than Nathan, and PUSHES back
text: open the door, GRABBING Nathan by the neck.
text: They struggle against each other, until Nathan momentarily
text: gets the upper hand. He holds his arm around the Strangers
text: neck, as tight as he can.
text: The Stranger, arms wailing around, SHOOTS his gun three
text: times, BLASTING the window into pieces.
text: The WIND BLOWS hard from outside, as the Stranger manages to
text: get free from Nathan's grip, and grabs Nathan’s neck, in
text: return. Their STRUGGLE reaches the newly destroyed window,
text: as the Stranger leans Nathan onto shards of glass, while
text: grasping his neck.
text: The Stranger takes out a tranquilizer gun, and presses it
text: against Nathan’s neck.
text: But Nathan grabs Karen's Pepper Spray, and SQUIRTS it in the
text: Stranger’s face.
text: As the Stranger GROANS in pain, Nathan grabs his tranquilizer
text: gun and INJECTS it twice into the Stranger’s adam’s apple,
text: causing his eyes to BUG OUT in agony.
text: Nathan holds the gun on his neck, as the Stranger eventually
text: collapses on top of him.
text: Nathan rolls the Stranger off of him, and quickly checks his
dialog: pockets -- Ukrainian passport, Russian memos, and photographs
text: of Nathan, from newspaper clippings. He takes all of it.
text: He looks for the Stranger’s key -- finds it -- room 13.
dialog: 66.
text: As Nathan lifts the Stranger up, he wakes up! He starts
text: GRABBING for Nathan’s neck again, YELLING something in
speaker_heading: UKRAINIAN.
text: Nathan flops him on to the ledge of the window -- pushing him
text: off the train. He watches the Stranger land on the parallel
text: tracks, SNAPPING his neck.
text: But he also sees a YOUNG BOY, in the next car, leaning out
text: the window, witnessing the whole thing. The boy looks
text: directly at Nathan -- oops.
text: SLEEPING CAR HALLWAY
text: Nathan exits his room, with his backpack and Karen's things.
text: On his way down the hallway, the train comes to a SCREECHING
speaker_heading: HALT.
text: Nathan falls backwards, along with a couple other PASSENGERS,
text: but quickly gets up and runs down the hallway.
speaker_heading: NEXT CAR
text: Nathan reaches Room 13, and gets out the Stranger’s key.
text: Sounds of COMMOTION can be heard in the distance, as people
text: are realizing that a man was thrown off the train.
speaker_heading: ROOM 13
text: Nathan enters Room 13, and sees Karen, beaten, bloodied,
text: passed out, and tied to the radiator.
text: Worried for her life, Nathan leans over her, and checks her
dialog: pulse.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (whispers )
dialog: Karen? Karen?
text: She's conscious, but very weak.
speaker_heading: NATHAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Say something.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: (barely audible)
dialog: Something...
text: Nathan helps her up.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Stay with me... Stay with me...
dialog: 67.
text: The train comes to a final JOLT, as the TRAIN WORKERS
text: investigate the situation, somewhere outside.
text: Nathan is on borrowed time -- he needs to think fast.
speaker_heading: NATHAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Can you walk if I help you?
text: Karen nods.
scene_heading: IN BETWEEN CARS
text: Nathan pulls the ‘emergency’ latch on the exit door, and gets
text: off the train, holding Karen as a crutch.
text: The ALARM RINGS.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN -- CONTINUOUS
text: Nathan helps Karen off the train. He sees WORKERS and
text: CONDUCTORS, way off in the distance, at the end of the train
text: surrounding the Stranger’s body.
text: He ducks into the woods with Karen, before anyone can see
dialog: them.
scene_heading: INT. NATHAN’S HOUSE -- DAY
text: Jack Shapiro, and his partner, MARCUS LANG, 30’s, Nigerian,
text: tall and slender, quietly chip away at evidence within the
dialog: house.
text: Marcus removes a piece of molding on the ceiling, as Jack
text: gets up on a step ladder to review what’s behind it.
text: Jack reaches inside, and grabs a tiny plastic ball, with
text: wires attached to it. He dusts off some ash, revealing a
text: tiny glass lens on one side.
text: Jack and Marcus look at each other in confirmation.
scene_heading: INT. WESLEY’S OFFICE -- DAY
text: Wesley, Jack, Marcus, and Fletcher are present. All are
text: seated.
text: Jack lights up a cigarette, admiring a knitted quilt, hanging
text: on Wesley’s wall.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Love the quilt.
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: WESLEY
dialog: Thank you. My wife made it.
text: Marcus dumps five of the plastic balls on the desk.
speaker_heading: WESLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: What the hell are these?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Pinhole cameras. Found them in
text: five different rooms of the house,
text: including Nathan Harper’s bedroom.
text: Wesley picks one up, and examines it.
text: Marcus dumps more objects on the desk, as they discuss.
speaker_heading: WESLEY
dialog: Well, what the hell does that mean?
dialog: Voyeurism?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: They look like surveillance
text: cameras, monitored from a remote
text: location, not within the house.
text: The snipped wires suggest
dialog: communication was cut off some time
dialog: ago. Whether his parents knew
dialog: about them or not, is anyone’s
dialog: guess.
text: Wesley turns his attention to another pile of wires and
dialog: gadgetry.
speaker_heading: WESLEY
dialog: And this?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: RDX plastic explosive. The
dialog: Russians used these to blow out
dialog: foxholes in Afghanistan in the
dialog: 80’s. This is the skunk that wiped
dialog: out the house, and you can’t find
text: it at the local candy store.
text: Wesley points at a melted gun, next to the bomb.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
text: That's a Stetchkin APS pistol.
dialog: Also made in Russia. Ukraine,
dialog: specifically. Custom made to fit an
dialog: M4 silencer. Again, these toys
dialog: cannot be bought in America.
speaker_heading: WESLEY
dialog: You're saying?
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I’m saying when Forensics checks
text: the unidentified victim’s teeth,
dialog: it’s possible they won’t find a
dialog: match in the United States. My
dialog: recommendation, for what it’s
dialog: worth, is to contact the FBI.
speaker_heading: WESLEY
dialog: Let’s see what Forensics says.
dialog: Until then, I’d appreciate it if we
dialog: kept this information in this room.
text: Jack and Marcus get up to leave.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Not a problem. But think of it
dialog: this way: If this kid has even a
dialog: shred of innocence... then you'd
dialog: better find him, before the
dialog: Russians do.
speaker_heading: WESLEY
dialog: We’ve got over seventy men out
text: there, looking for him.
text: Jack opens the door to exit. One last thought.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Personally, I’d be most worried
dialog: about the cameras.
speaker_heading: WESLEY
dialog: Why’s that?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Because there’s always someone
dialog: behind them.... Someone who knows
dialog: more than you.
scene_heading: EXT. GHOST TOWN STREET -- DAY
text: LENS POV: Nathan walks Karen through a small, near-deserted
text: town in middle America. Photos are SNAPPED.
text: Only a few store fronts are open. The rest of the buildings
text: are condemned or were closed years ago. A couple scattered
text: cars and a strong WIND are the only signs of life here.
text: LENS POV: More SNAPPED photos of Nathan and Karen entering a
dialog: small Pharmacy.
scene_heading: INT. SMALL PHARMACY -- CONTINUOS
text: Nathan and Karen enter the tiny ma-and-pop shop.
dialog: 70.
text: An OLD STOREKEEPER mans the counter. An OLD WOMAN,
text: presumably the Storekeeper’s wife, is stocking shelves.
text: Nathan approaches the Storekeeper.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Where are we?
scene_heading: OLD STOREKEEPER
dialog: Drug store.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: What state?
scene_heading: OLD STOREKEEPER
dialog: (confused)
dialog: Kentucky.
text: The Storekeeper looks at Karen -- black eye, dried blood,
text: smeared make-up.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: We were in... a car accident. We
dialog: need first aid.
scene_heading: OLD STOREKEEPER
dialog: (motions )
dialog: Right over there.
text: Karen finds the First Aid Kits, and takes one.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: You got a bathroom we could use for
dialog: a few minutes?
scene_heading: OLD STOREKEEPER
dialog: We got a hospital, which is where
dialog: that girl belongs.
text: The Old Woman approaches them.
speaker_heading: OLD WOMAN
dialog: Oh come on, George. Nearest
text: hospital’s fifteen miles away.
dialog: (to Nathan)
dialog: I'll fix her up in the back room.
dialog: Hospital would charge you a
dialog: thousand dollars for a band-aid.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Thank you.
text: The Old Woman leads Karen into the back room.
text: An awkward silence between Nathan and the Storekeeper. Then:
dialog: 71.
scene_heading: OLD STOREKEEPER
dialog: Population here is a hundred and
dialog: twelve... and you ain’t one of ‘em.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: We were coming to visit some
dialog: friends, and-
scene_heading: OLD STOREKEEPER
dialog: What friends? Who? I know
dialog: everyone.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Ummm... I better go check on my...
dialog: girlfriend.
scene_heading: OLD STOREKEEPER
dialog: How about the men in the shiny car,
dialog: across the street? Are they your
dialog: ‘friends’ too?
text: Nathan looks out the store window.
text: NATHAN’S POV: Two MEN sit in a car across the street,
text: looking back at him.
text: Nathan turns pale. He can’t run forever -- notices the
text: handle of a gun tucked behind the Storekeeper’s counter. He
text: throws down a wad of money.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: I'll give you fifty dollars for the
text: shotgun behind the counter.
scene_heading: OLD STOREKEEPER
dialog: You outta your mind?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Hundred dollars.
scene_heading: OLD STOREKEEPER
dialog: I ain’t sellin’ you my shotgun.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Two hundred dollars.
text: The Storekeeper grabs his shotgun from behind the counter,
text: and aims it at Nathan’s face.
scene_heading: OLD STOREKEEPER
dialog: You've got two minutes to get out
dialog: of my store. Get your girl and go.
dialog: 72.
scene_heading: INT. BACK ROOM -- CONTINUOUS
text: The Old Woman has cleaned up Karen a bit. They’re smiling
text: and getting along fine, when Nathan walks in.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (to woman)
dialog: Excuse me, ma’am. May I have a
dialog: moment?
speaker_heading: OLD WOMAN
dialog: Of course.
text: The Woman leaves the room as Nathan kneels down next to
dialog: Karen.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: How you doing?
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Better. You?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (beat)
dialog: When I saw you, in that room... not
dialog: knowing what had happened... It
dialog: made me so angry, my heart sank.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I thought you were dead.
text: Karen realizes Nathan is coming undone, a little.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: I’m not dead, okay? I’m right
dialog: here, and we’re both alive, and
dialog: that’s what’s important. We're
dialog: going to figure this thing out,
dialog: okay?
text: Nathan nods, not believing her. Finally:
speaker_heading: NATHAN
text: There are two men outside, waiting
dialog: for us.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Are you sure?
text: Nathan nods, as Karen gets up and tries the window. It
text: BUDGES a little.
speaker_heading: KAREN (CONT'D)
dialog: Then we have to get out of here.
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Maybe we should walk up to them and
dialog: ask them what they want?
text: Karen opens the window all the way.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Not an option.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: What if there is no Paul Rasmus?
dialog: And even if there is, what’s he
dialog: going to do for me? I’m a dead
dialog: man.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Nathan, if you lose it, then I’m
dialog: going to lose it.
text: Karen grabs Nathan and forces him up.
speaker_heading: KAREN (CONT'D)
dialog: We're going out this window,
dialog: together. Understand?
text: Nathan nods, as he helps Karen up to go out the window first.
speaker_heading: OUTSIDE
text: As soon as Karen lands on the ground outside, a car PULLS up
text: out of nowhere and blocks her in the alley.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Karen!
text: Three MEN get out of the car to grab her, as she runs in the
dialog: other direction.
text: But another car blocks the other side. The Men GRAB Karen,
text: holding her mouth, as Nathan stands helpless in the window.
speaker_heading: NATHAN (CONT'D)
dialog: KAREN! !
scene_heading: INT. SMALL PHARMACY -- CONTINUOUS
text: Nathan BURSTS out of the back room and SWIPES the shotgun out
text: of the Storekeeper’s hands.
scene_heading: OLD STOREKEEPER
dialog: Hey!
text: Nathan walks up to the front, and SWINGS the door open,
text: aiming the shotgun at the Men across the street.
dialog: 74.
scene_heading: EXT. SMALL PHARMACY -- CONTINUOUS
text: Nathan COCKS the shotgun.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: What do you want with us!?
text: The Men exit the car and walk towards him.
speaker_heading: NATHAN (CONT'D)
dialog: WHAT DO YOU WANT?! Don’t get any
dialog: closer!
text: Suddenly, multiple MEN come out of the storefronts into the
text: street. One of them is FRANK BOYER, 50's, well-dressed. He
text: takes an I.D. out of his pocket.
speaker_heading: BOYER
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: Put the gun down, Nathan.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
text: One step closer, and I pull the
dialog: trigger.
speaker_heading: BOYER
dialog: We’re CIA, Nathan.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Bullshit.
speaker_heading: BOYER
dialog: My name is Frank Boyer, and I work
dialog: for the CIA. You can check my
dialog: identification.
text: Boyer tosses his ID in front of Nathan.
text: Nathan picks up the card, and examines it, then tosses the ID
text: back towards Boyer.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: I wouldn’t know a fake one from a
dialog: real one, anyway.
text: Suddenly, DR. BENNETT, Nathan’s Therapist, gets out of a
text: nearby vehicle, holding his hands up in the air.
speaker_heading: NATHAN (CONT'D)
dialog: What the hell is this?
speaker_heading: BOYER
dialog: He works for us, Nathan. He’s just
dialog: one of many people, just like your
dialog: parents, hired to protect you.
dialog: 75.
scene_heading: DR. BENNETT
dialog: It’s okay, Nathan. It’s going to
dialog: be all right.
speaker_heading: BOYER
dialog: Look around you, Nathan. Take a
text: long, good look.
text: Nathan glances around at over twenty AGENTS, standing in the
dialog: street.
speaker_heading: BOYER (CONT'D)
dialog: No one has a gun... no one’s
dialog: threatening you.
text: Nathan realizes he’s right.
text: Tears of anger and confusion swell in Nathan’s eyes. He sees
text: a car pull up, with Karen sitting in the back seat. She
dialog: seems to be all right.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: If you’re the CIA, then what’s my
dialog: real name?
speaker_heading: BOYER
dialog: Nathan Spade.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Steven Spade.
speaker_heading: BOYER
dialog: Steven was your middle name. It
dialog: was always Nathan... Ever since
dialog: you were born.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: And how would you know that?
speaker_heading: BOYER
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Because I named you.
scene_heading: INT. DR. BENNETT’S OFFICE -- NIGHT
text: Wesley and Fletcher observe Nathan’s Therapist’s office.
text: It’s been emptied out. The drawers, the shelves, the desk,
text: everything is gone.
speaker_heading: FLETCHER
dialog: A disappearing shrink. That’s a
dialog: new one.
speaker_heading: WESLEY
dialog: Secretary?
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: FLETCHER
text: Gone, too. No one’s heard from
dialog: either one of them since last
dialog: night.
speaker_heading: WESLEY
dialog: Well, we better check for prints.
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Don’t bother. He’s one of ours.
text: Wesley and Fletcher turn to find two MEN, wearing casual
text: suits, inside the room.
speaker_heading: WESLEY
dialog: Can I help you?
speaker_heading: MAN 1
dialog: Yes you can, Mr. Carr.
dialog: (pulls out a badge)
dialog: We work for the CIA, and we have
dialog: Nathan Harper in our custody.
text: Wesley examines the badge.
speaker_heading: WESLEY
dialog: What for?
speaker_heading: MAN 1
dialog: That’s confidential.
speaker_heading: WESLEY
dialog: Well, I have an officer in the
dialog: hospital who isn’t gonna like that
dialog: answer.
speaker_heading: MAN 1
dialog: Nathan Harper is cleared of any
dialog: charges you or the state of
dialog: Virginia have against him.
speaker_heading: WESLEY
dialog: Under what authority?
speaker_heading: MAN 2
dialog: Under the authority of the Vice
dialog: President of the United States, as
dialog: well as the Attorney General.
speaker_heading: FLETCHER
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Who the hell is this kid?
text: Man 1 takes out a briefcase, with some folders and
text: photographs inside. He hands a pile of folders to Wesley.
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: MAN 1
dialog: You're going to take your Deputies
text: and Officers off the case, and tell
dialog: the Press that you found Nathan
text: Harper, dead, near Casper Creek.
text: Wesley opens the folder, and sees doctored photos of Nathan,
text: drowned by the Creek.
speaker_heading: WESLEY
dialog: Jesus Christ...
speaker_heading: MAN 2
dialog: We'll send you a ‘prep agent’ in an
dialog: hour, who will provide you with
dialog: your statements and reports. He’ll
dialog: guide you through the next few
dialog: days.
speaker_heading: MAN 1
dialog: You never saw us. We were never
dialog: here.
text: The Men get ready to leave, as Wesley looks over the
text: materials, dumbfounded.
speaker_heading: WESLEY
dialog: One last thing.
text: The Men stop.
speaker_heading: WESLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Where'd you find him?
speaker_heading: MAN 1
dialog: Booneville, Kentucky. Hour ago.
dialog: Looks like your checkpoints didn’t
dialog: work out.
text: They leave.
scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION VAN -- NIGHT
text: Nathan sits inside the moving van.
text: Frank Boyer sits across from him.
text: Another agent, AGENT 1, 40's, bulky, stands in the dark
text: corner, like a bodyguard.
text: Boyer pushes a cup of coffee in front of Nathan.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Where’s Karen?
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: BOYER
text: She’s on her way back home.
text: Nathan looks around the van:
text: It’s teched out with computers and monitoring equipment --
text: wires, taps, computer screens, headphones, gadgets, laptops,
text: walkie-talkies, landlines, foreign devices, etc.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Home? She won’t be safe there.
dialog: Maybe you didn’t get the memo, but
dialog: there are people trying to kill us.
speaker_heading: BOYER
dialog: We're not so sure they’re trying to
dialog: kill you.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (amused)
dialog: Really? Because I’ve been shot at,
dialog: stabbed, bombed, and nearly
dialog: strangled to death in the past
dialog: twenty four hours. I don’t think
dialog: these people are trying to be my
dialog: friends.
speaker_heading: BOYER
dialog: Yet, you’re still alive.
text: Boyer tosses a folder in front of Nathan.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: What’s this?
speaker_heading: BOYER
dialog: It’s a comprehensive list of every
dialog: enemy you have, dead or alive.
text: Nathan opens the folder, revealing photographs of Alek Nevin,
text: Gregory Hill, the Stranger, Victor Kozlow, and other files of
dialog: people Nathan’s never seen before. It contains their
dialog: aliases, height, weight, age, affiliations, and last known
dialog: points and places of interest.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: This is a joke, right? I don’t
dialog: even know these people...
speaker_heading: BOYER
dialog: But they know you. And more
dialog: importantly, they know your father.
text: Nathan looks up from the folder.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: My father?
dialog: 79.
text: The Van STOPS. The back doors open, revealing a runway of a
dialog: private airport.
scene_heading: EXT. PRIVATE AIRPORT -- CONTINUOUS
text: Boyer, Nathan, and a dozen AGENTS walk across a long runway
text: to get to a large private plane.
speaker_heading: BOYER
dialog: Your father is a Black Ops agent
dialog: named Martin Spade. Nicknamed ‘the
text: Locust’. He’s a deep clandestine
dialog: operative, who’s been working in
dialog: the field for over twenty five
dialog: years. Because of the nature of
dialog: his work, he has a long list of
dialog: enemies.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: So now they’re my enemies?
speaker_heading: BOYER
dialog: No one at the CIA even knows what
text: he looks like any more, except for
dialog: me. If any of the people in that
dialog: folder get a hold of you, they
dialog: could use you to lure Martin out.
dialog: And if they lure him out, it could
dialog: put the United States at risk. You
dialog: are clearly worth more alive, then
dialog: dead.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Well, that’s a relief. I feel so
text: much more comfortable now.
speaker_heading: BOYER
dialog: You should, under our protective
dialog: custody.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Where was your protective custody
dialog: when my house blew up?
speaker_heading: BOYER
dialog: Surveillance was pulled three years
dialog: ago, at your parents request.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: BOYER
dialog: Because they wanted you to live a
dialog: normal life.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: BOYER (CONT'D)
dialog: I agreed to pull the plug, as long
text: as a third party kept a watchful
dialog: eye over you. That was Dr.
dialog: Barrett.
text: Boyer stops at the steps leading to the plane -- looks at
dialog: Nathan.
speaker_heading: BOYER (CONT'D)
dialog: They loved you, Nathan. They took
dialog: the opportunity to bring you up,
dialog: and seized it with everything they
dialog: had to offer... I’m truly sorry
dialog: that all this has happened. But
dialog: we're going to get through this
dialog: thing, all right. I need you to
dialog: trust me.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Trust needs to be earned. You're
dialog: not anywhere near that.
scene_heading: INT. WESTERN UNION -- EARLY EVENING
text: Wesley is at the cash window, waiting for the female EMPLOYEE
text: to find him on her computer. Finally:
speaker_heading: EMPLOYEE
dialog: Wire transfer from Mr. Conklin?
speaker_heading: WESLEY
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: EMPLOYEE
dialog: Here it is. It’ll be a thirty two
dialog: dollar fee, sir.
speaker_heading: WESLEY
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Not a problem.
scene_heading: EXT. WESTERN UNION -- MOMENTS LATER
text: Wesley gets on a pay phone and DIALS a number he has written
text: on a piece of paper. A STRANGE VOICE answers.
speaker_heading: STRANGE VOICE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: WESLEY
dialog: Hey, I, ah... received your kind
dialog: donation.
text: No response. Awkward silence.
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: WESLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: But you should know that the CIA
dialog: came to me today. They found him
dialog: in Booneville, Kentucky. I can
dialog: give you a heads up with any
dialog: information they give me, if you
dialog: want—
speaker_heading: STRANGE VOICE
dialog: We won’t be needing you any more.
speaker_heading: CLICK
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE -- SIMULTANEOUS
text: The MAN with the strange voice hangs up the cell phone...
dialog: It's Victor Kozlow. He's fifteen years older from when we
text: last saw him (at the beginning of the script). He’s sitting
text: on a couch, looking out a bay window.
text: He places the cell phone inside a leather case with twenty
text: other cell phones -- ZIPS it up. He picks up a pair of
text: binoculars and looks out the window.
text: KOZLOW’'S POV: Nathan’s burnt down house.
text: Just as we realize Kozlow’s location, we see a DEAD NEIGHBOR,
text: lying on the carpet. His throat’s been slit.
text: Becker (also fifteen years older) stands over the Dead Man,
text: wiping the blood off his knife.
scene_heading: INT. PRIVATE PLANE -- NIGHT
text: Frank Boyer and TOM SHEALY, 50’s, sit across from Nathan, at
text: the back of the plane. Tom is another agent.
speaker_heading: BOYER
dialog: Nathan, this is Tom Shealy. He'll
dialog: be helping us, over the next few
dialog: hours.
speaker_heading: SHEALY
dialog: Hello, Nathan.
text: Tom Shealy extends his hand, but Nathan ignores it. He keeps
text: his sights on Boyer.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Helping us with what?
text: Boyer nods for Tom to explain.
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: SHEALY
dialog: When you were three years old, a
dialog: former Ukrainian KGB Operative
dialog: named Victor Kozlow tracked down
dialog: and killed one of our agents.
dialog: During the siege, he found a folder
dialog: containing sensitive information
dialog: about Martin’s life... including
dialog: pictures of you and the fact that
dialog: you existed.
text: Shealy hands Nathan the file on Kozlow, along with the
dialog: photograph of Nathan from when he was younger.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: And where was my mother during all
dialog: this?
speaker_heading: BOYER
dialog: Your mother... was the agent that
dialog: Kozlow killed. I’m sorry...
text: Boyer hands Nathan a photograph of his real mother. (The
text: woman from the beginning of the script). She’s smiling,
text: holding a young Nathan in her arms.
speaker_heading: BOYER (CONT'D)
dialog: Her name was Lorna Gibbons.
text: Nathan is immediately affected by the image. Things start
text: coming back to him.
speaker_heading: FLASH:
text: The woman in Nathan's dreams comes out of the shadows... it's
text: the woman in this picture. She finally has a face.
speaker_heading: BACK TO:
dialog: Boyer.
speaker_heading: BOYER (CONT'D)
dialog: Sometimes, photos of you would
dialog: appear on the web. We take them
text: down, track them. Dead end.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: So, why don’t you guys go out there
dialog: and get this asshole?
text: Boyer and Shealy look at each other.
speaker_heading: SHEALY
dialog: Because he disappeared a few years
dialog: ago. He was the top assassin in
dialog: the Ukraine, with an allied Soviet
dialog: network. Untouchable.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: SHEALY (CONT'D)
dialog: On CIA’s most wanted list... Then
dialog: one day, poof... gone.
text: Disappeared.
speaker_heading: BOYER
text: An apparent retirement.
speaker_heading: SHEALY
dialog: Of which he’s been brought out of.
dialog: Our Special Activities Division is
dialog: up in arms about it, to say the
dialog: least.
text: Nathan looks back at the picture of his mother.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: I want to meet my father.
speaker_heading: BOYER
dialog: (to Shealy)
dialog: Tom, can we have a minute?
text: Tom obliges -- walks up front.
speaker_heading: BOYER (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm afraid that’s impossible.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: BOYER
dialog: The reason you were hidden away in
dialog: the first place was to protect your
dialog: father from being compromised by
dialog: any threats on his loved ones. He
dialog: has no friends, no family, and
dialog: therefore no distractions.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
text: But he does have a family. He has
dialog: a son.
speaker_heading: BOYER
dialog: Not that he knows of.
text: Nathan is stunned.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: BOYER
dialog: The day you were born, your father
dialog: was half way across the world. He
dialog: was completely unaware of your
dialog: mother’s pregnancy.
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: That’s impossible. I met a man who
dialog: said he was hired by my father to
dialog: find me.
dialog: This is news to Boyer.
speaker_heading: BOYER
dialog: Who? What man? What was his name?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: He didn’t tell me his name.
speaker_heading: BOYER
dialog: Well, what did he look like? When
dialog: was this?
text: Nathan stands up, angry.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: You gave me away to strangers.
speaker_heading: BOYER
dialog: Tell me who this man was.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: You pulled the surveillance. Left
dialog: me for dead!
text: Boyer stands up, too.
speaker_heading: BOYER
dialog: I gave you a name and a life! And
dialog: when your mother died, I appointed
dialog: you a new set of parents, a new
text: home, and an unblemished existence.
dialog: I know every grade you ever
dialog: received, every girl you ever
dialog: kissed, and every nightmare that
dialog: haunts you in your sleep.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I know everything there is to know
dialog: about you, Nathan, so please give
dialog: me the courtesy of sitting back
dialog: down while we sort this situation
dialog: out.
text: Nathan sits back down.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE -- NIGHT
text: Kozlow and Becker sit in the same house as before, in the
text: dark. They sit in silence.
text: Finally, a car PULLS up across the street. It parks in the
text: driveway next to Nathan’s house -- Karen’s house.
dialog: 85.
text: Two CIA AGENTS get out of the car, followed by Karen.
text: Kozlow and Becker look at each other. This is who they’ve
dialog: been waiting for.
scene_heading: EXT. AIRFIELD -- LATER THAT NIGHT
text: The private plane LANDS on an airstrip.
scene_heading: INT. PRIVATE PLANE -- NIGHT
text: While Boyer isn’t paying attention, Nathan looks through some
text: of the notes that he found on the Stranger. Most of them are
text: written in Ukrainian. Some key words are in English.
text: As he scans through some of the notes, one passage pops out
text: at him..
text: An American phone number is listed.
text: Nathan looks over at a bulky aircraft phone right next to the
text: bathroom. He looks over at Boyer, who is on his laptop.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: I’m going to the bathroom.
text: Boyer nods, barely paying attention.
text: Nathan gets up to use the bathroom, but picks up the aircraft
text: phone instead. DIALS the Stranger’s listed number.
text: Once the phone starts RINGING, he hears another cell phone
text: RINGING at the front of the plane...
text: It's Tom Shealy's cell phone.
text: Shealy picks up.
speaker_heading: SHEALY
dialog: Hello?
text: Shealy’s voice ECHOES inside Nathan’s phone.
speaker_heading: SHEALY (CONT'D)
dialog: Hello?... Hello?
text: Nathan looks up at Tom Shealy. He turns pale -- HANGS up the
text: phone quickly. He thinks for a second.
text: Finally, he picks the phone back up, and stretches its cord
text: across the aisle, hooking it into the back leg of a seat.
text: Boyer looks at his watch -- looks out the window at the
dialog: runway.
dialog: 86.
text: He checks to see if Nathan is back in his seat -- not yet.
text: Suddenly, he hears the ALARM go off at the back of the plane.
text: Boyer gets up and runs to the back, but trips over the phone
text: cord, on his way. Agent 1 follows Boyer to the back door, to
dialog: see what’s going on...
text: BOYER’S POV: The Emergency Exit has been opened, with the
text: raft laid out.
text: Nathan is gone.
scene_heading: EXT. PRIVATE AIRPORT /RUNWAY -- DAWN
text: Nathan runs for his life across the runway, as the sun rises.
text: The nearest building in the small, barren airport, is a one-
text: story Control Tower. He sees a Control Tower in the
text: distance, and heads for it.
scene_heading: INT. PRIVATE AIRPLANE -- SIMULTANEOUS
text: Boyer gets out his cell.
speaker_heading: BOYER
dialog: He’s escaped!
text: But as soon as Boyer turns around, he realizes Tom Shealy is
text: holding a gun on him. Boyer is shocked.
speaker_heading: BOYER (CONT'D)
dialog: What is this?
speaker_heading: TOM SHEALY
dialog: It’s nothing personal Frank. All
dialog: Kozlow wants is the kid. He has no
dialog: intention of harming anyone.
text: AGENT 1 comes from behind Boyer, and handcuffs him.
speaker_heading: BOYER
dialog: Why, Tom? Why?
speaker_heading: TOM SHEALY
dialog: You know why, Frank.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL TOWER -- SIMULTANEOUS
text: As soon as Nathan enters the tower, he sees two AIR TRAFFIC
text: CONTROLLERS standing inside. When they turn around, he
text: realizes, they’re not Air Traffic Controllers at all...
text: It’s Victor Kozlow and his partner, Becker.
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: KOZLOW
dialog: Hello, young man.
text: With nowhere to run, Nathan slowly walks backwards out of the
text: Tower, back on to the runway.
speaker_heading: KOZLOW (CONT'D)
dialog: There’s nowhere to go, my friend.
scene_heading: EXT. RUNWAY -- CONTINUOUS
text: Nathan sees Boyer, being held by Agent 1, and Tom Shealy,
text: waiting for him outside.
text: Nathan is trapped, as Becker comes from behind him, and puts
text: a strangle hold on him.
text: Kozlow slowly exits the Tower, and takes a good look at
dialog: Boyer.
speaker_heading: KOZLOW
dialog: You're not aging well, Frank. Been
dialog: under some stress?
text: Boyer looks at Shealy, in disbelief. Then to Kozlow:
speaker_heading: BOYER
dialog: Take me, for god’s sake. I’m
dialog: Martin’s only contact.
text: Kozlow LAUGHS.
speaker_heading: KOZLOW
dialog: It runs a lot deeper than that,
dialog: Frank. Doesn’t it?
text: Nathan tries to get free, but Becker tightens his hold.
speaker_heading: KOZLOW (CONT'D)
dialog: Tell Nathan... the truth about
dialog: Martin Spade.
speaker_heading: BOYER
dialog: He’s an emissary for the United
dialog: States of-
speaker_heading: KOZLOW
dialog: He broke the fourth Geneva
dialog: convention, Frank. Killed
text: civilians... women, children.
speaker_heading: BOYER
dialog: It was an accident, and you know
dialog: it.
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: KOZLOW
dialog: Tell Nathan the name of the child
dialog: Martin murdered, years ago.
speaker_heading: BOYER
dialog: I was an accident-
speaker_heading: KOZLOW
dialog: Tell him the name of the child.
text: Agent 1 pushes the gun up against Boyer’s neck. Finally:
speaker_heading: BOYER
dialog: Kozlow... Peter Kozlow.
speaker_heading: KOZLOW
dialog: My son... On his eleventh
dialog: birthday.
text: Nathan realizes the kind of danger he’s in. But he’s
dialog: helpless.
speaker_heading: TOM SHEALY
dialog: (to Boyer)
dialog: (softly)
dialog: How many people have to die, for us
dialog: to save this one kid, Frank? All
dialog: we have to do, is give him the kid,
dialog: and he goes away. It’s for the
dialog: best.
speaker_heading: BOYER
dialog: All those years... Tom. All those
dialog: years... we were friends.
speaker_heading: TOM SHEALY
dialog: It’s just a simple trade, Frank.
dialog: No more, no less.
text: Tom places a chloroform rag in Boyer’s mouth, causing him to
dialog: be sedated.
text: Becker injects a syringe into Nathan’s neck, causing him to
text: pass out, as well.
speaker_heading: BLACKOUT
scene_heading: INT. ROOM 231 -- DAY
text: Nathan slowly wakes up, tied to a chair, inside a hotel room.
text: He has a rag in his mouth, causing him to BREATHE loudly
text: through his nose. He drearily looks around, and sees that
text: Victor Kozlow is sitting across from him... and Karen is tied
text: up in a chair next to him -- rag in mouth, as well.
dialog: 89.
text: Kozlow motions for Becker to take the rag out of Nathan’s
dialog: mouth.
text: Nathan stares at Kozlow intently, while Becker takes it out.
text: Kozlow smiles.
speaker_heading: KOZLOW
dialog: At last we meet.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Why is she here?
speaker_heading: KOZLOW
dialog: Because she means something to you.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Let her go. I don’t care what you
dialog: do to me... just let her go.
speaker_heading: KOZLOW
dialog: Thank you for further proving my
dialog: point.
text: Nathan looks around the room. He sees the Canadian National
text: Tower (CN Tower) outside the large window. It’s a beautiful
text: structure, with a big, gorgeous blue sky surrounding it.
text: Something about this room is familiar.
speaker_heading: KOZLOW (CONT'D)
dialog: Astonishing view, isn’t it? I
dialog: thought it would be serendipitous
dialog: to bring you here, before we take
dialog: you back to Odessa.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: I don’t get it.
speaker_heading: KOZLOW
dialog: This is the room where your mother
text: took her last breath.
text: Nathan immediately knows he’s right. His anger begins to
text: swell inside him.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: You killed her...
speaker_heading: KOZLOW
dialog: That’s not true, Nathan. I had no
dialog: intention of killing your mother.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Bullshit.
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: KOZLOW
dialog: Well, you should know better than
dialog: anyone... you were in the room when
dialog: it happened.
text: Nathan takes pause.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: KOZLOW
dialog: You don’t remember, do you?
scene_heading: QUICK FLASHBACK:
dialog: - The CN Tower
dialog: - The Suitcase on the bed
text: BACK TO.
dialog: Kozlow.
speaker_heading: KOZLOW (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s a funny thing, the human mind.
dialog: I’ve outsmarted some of the world’s
dialog: finest leaders. Covered my tracks
text: meticulously, systematically and
dialog: with great caution over the years.
dialog: I take great pride in my attention
dialog: to detail. But in this hotel room,
dialog: I made one tiny, colossal
dialog: mistake...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I forgot to check under the bed.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (thinking)
dialog: The bed?...
scene_heading: QUICK FLASHBACK:
text: Nathan's mother, Lorna, years earlier, is GASPING for air,
text: while Kozlow kneels over her.
speaker_heading: KOZLOW (0.S.)
dialog: ..-What you're feeling right now,
dialog: is your nervous system
dialog: deteriorating. If you answer my
dialog: question correctly, you can keep
dialog: the mask. If not, I will keep the
dialog: mask. Do you understand?
text: As Nathan's mother nods, we see...
text: NATHAN, three years old, hiding under the bed, GASPING for
text: air, witnessing the whole thing.
dialog: gl.
text: Kozlow places the mask back on Lorna.
speaker_heading: KOZLOW (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Now, I'll ask you one more time...
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: And in that one time... you'll get
dialog: the same answer.
text: Lorna RIPS the mask off, and tosses it under the bed...
text: .--to young Nathan, who immediately puts it on.
speaker_heading: BACK TO:
dialog: Kozlow:
speaker_heading: KOZLOW
dialog: I’m not a monster, Nathan. It’s
dialog: not my style to kill a lowly CIA
dialog: analyst. But, she sacrificed her
dialog: life, so that you could live
dialog: yours...
scene_heading: QUICK FLASHBACK:
text: Nathan, under the bed with the mask on, watches his mother
text: take her last breath... He's terrified.
text: He watches Kozlow and Becker's feet, as they exit the room.
text: The sirens from below get LOUDER. He looks at his mother...
text: she's gone.
speaker_heading: BACK TO:
dialog: Kozlow.
speaker_heading: KOZLOW (CONT'D)
text: I left the room with a gray folder,
dialog: when I could've had the crown
dialog: jewel.
text: Kozlow throws up his arms.
speaker_heading: KOZLOW (CONT'D)
dialog: C'est la vie. Better late than
dialog: never.
scene_heading: EXT. CN TOWER / STEEPLE -- SIMULTANEOUS
text: Amidst the big, beautiful sky, we see the end of a sniper
text: rifle peek out behind the tip of the Tower.
text: SCOPE POV: The hotel room -- with Nathan, Karen, Kozlow,
text: Becker. Tom Shealy, and Agent 1. 1500 yards away.
dialog: 92.
text: Kozlow is obscured by Nathan and Karen.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM 231 -- SIMULTANEOUS
text: Kozlow adjusts his seat to be closer to Nathan.
speaker_heading: KOZLOW
text: Martin, at his core, is an evil
dialog: soul, Nathan. He has no moral
dialog: code. Well, I’m going to take a
dialog: page from his notebook. I’m going
dialog: to let it be known that I have
dialog: Martin Spade’s son... And when he
dialog: comes to get you, which I know he
dialog: will... he’s going to find you cut
dialog: up in to a thousand pieces...
dialog: starting with your ears...
text: Kozlow touches Nathan’s ear.
text: Nathan pulls away.
speaker_heading: KOZLOW (CONT'D)
dialog: Then your eyes...
text: Suddenly, three bullets PEARCE through the window, HITTING
text: Agent 1 in the head and chest. He drops to the floor
text: instantaneously.
text: Everyone else spreads in different directions -- hiding
text: behind walls. Kozlow, Becker and Tom Shealy get out their
dialog: guns.
text: Silence... as a pool of blood develops under Agent 1’s head.
text: Nathan and Karen are right in the middle of the room in full
text: view. Karen is CRYING.
text: Everyone looks out the window to see where the bullets came
dialog: from.
text: As Tom peeks out from behind the wall, he gets SHOT through
text: his right eye. Blood SPLATTERS, as he drops to the ground
text: with a THUD.
speaker_heading: KOZLOW (CONT'D)
dialog: (in Ukrainian)
dialog: Where is he!?
text: Becker takes a small mirror to get a look out the window.
text: The reflection shows a MAN IN BLACK, way off in the distance
text: on the top of the CN Tower.
text: The mirror gets SHOT, and SHATTERS into a hundred fragments.
dialog: 93.
text: Nathan sees Karen crying -- tries to pull free from the rope.
text: It dawns on him...
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (whispers )
text: We're out in the open... but he’s
text: not shooting at us.
text: Karen nods in confirmation.
text: Becker loads a semi-automatic.
speaker_heading: KOZLOW
dialog: (in Ukrainian)
text: He’s on the top of the CN Tower,
dialog: yes?
text: Becker nods.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: CN Tower...
text: Suddenly, two bullets PEARCE though the rope that ties Nathan
text: to the chair. Two more PEARCE through Karen’s rope.
text: Before Kozlow realizes they’re free:
speaker_heading: NATHAN (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Karen)
dialog: RUN!
text: Nathan and Karen run out the door, as Kozlow SHOOTS at them.
text: Becker takes his semi-automatic and aims it at the ceiling.
text: He FIRES off a round, causing the ceiling to obstruct the
text: SNIPER’S view and the SPRINKLERS and ALARM to go off.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY -- CONTINUOUS
text: Nathan and Karen run down the hallway, as Becker exits the
text: room, chasing them, SHOOTING.
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL ROOM -- MOMENT LATER
text: Nathan and Karen run out of the lobby, into the streets,
text: toward the CN Tower.
text: Becker chases them through the streets, SHOOTING his guns,
text: causing cars to CRASH and people to SCREAM and hide in every
dialog: direction.
dialog: 94.
scene_heading: INT. CN TOWER LOBBY -- CONTINUOUS
text: Nathan and Karen enter the CN Tower lobby -- Nathan JAMS a
text: chair inside the revolving door.
scene_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: Hey! Hold it right there-
text: The glass gets SHOT out by Becker, causing TOURISTS to run
text: and SCREAM and scatter in every direction. BAM! BAM! BAM!
text: Nathan and Karen run to one of the elevators, as SECURITY
text: GUARDS get wiped out, one by one, by Becker.
text: Nathan JABS away at the elevator buttons, hoping the doors
text: will close before Becker gets to them.
text: Becker runs towards the elevator, SHOOTING at the back wall.
text: Finally, when the doors slowly close, Becker’s hand reaches
text: in between the doors.
text: Karen takes the emergency phone and HAMMERS at his fingers,
text: until he lets go -- the doors close.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR -- CONTINUOUS
text: The elevator has a glass floor panel. As the elevator rises,
text: Becker SHOOTS out the glass, causing Nathan and Karen to have
text: to cling tight to the side wall...
text: “What a Difference a Day Makes” plays over the elevator
text: speakers, as Karen and Nathan wait to get to the top.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: You've got to get everyone into the
dialog: stairwell.
text: Karen nods. Finally:
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Is that the best you’ve got?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Yup.
scene_heading: INT. SPACE DECK -- CONTINUOUS
dialog: BING.
text: The elevator doors open to the higher Sky Pod, an observation
text: deck over 1,400 feet above the ground. The view is
text: breathtaking -- overseeing 70 miles of land, city and ocean.
dialog: 95.
text: TOURISTS are everywhere, and Becker is most assuredly on the
text: next elevator to arrive.
text: Nathan runs to a TICKET TAKER.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: You’ve got to stop the elevator.
speaker_heading: TICKET TAKER
dialog: Okay, just calm down-
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: You’ve got to stop the elevator!!
text: Karen runs to random PEOPLE, URGING them to get off the deck
dialog: immediately.
text: Two GUARDS notice Nathan and Karen causing panic.
speaker_heading: GUARD 1
dialog: Hey! Where are your tickets?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: There’s no time! Everyone has to
dialog: evacuate the deck.
text: Guard 2 takes out a tazer and aims it at Nathan.
speaker_heading: GUARD 2
dialog: I’m going to ask you to step back,
dialog: sir.
text: The next elevator arrives.
speaker_heading: DING.
text: Nathan gets behind the Guard.
text: The elevator opens, revealing Becker with his Semi-automatic.
text: He starts SHOOTING up the place -- beginning with the Guards.
text: Nathan shields himself with the Guard, as TOURISTS and
text: PATRONS SCREAM and run for their lives.
text: Becker has gone completely mad, BLOWING out half the windows
text: as people duck for cover. A harsh WIND comes in from the
text: outside, SUCKING some people over the ledge.
text: Nathan pulls the gun from the dead Guard’s holster, but
text: Becker runs at him, strong.
text: Nathan starts running towards the ledge, as Becker SHOOTS at
text: him. Nathan slips and falls over the edge, catching the
text: floor railing. His gun slides over to Karen.
text: Nathan dangles off the side of the Space Deck, watching
text: another FEMALE TOURIST lose her grasp and fall to her death.
dialog: 96.
text: The plunge to death is so far below that her SCREAMS fade
text: into silence.
text: Nathan tries to maintain a grip, as Becker slowly walks to
text: the edge, and stands over him.
text: Becker slowly GRINDS his shoe into Nathan’s right hand,
text: causing it to let go. He starts grinding on Nathan’s other
dialog: hand.
text: Nathan winces in agony, as he prepares to let go and fall
text: 1400 feet.
text: Suddenly, two SHOTS hit Becker in the back... He slowly
text: falls towards Nathan, passing over him, and plunging to his
dialog: death.
text: NATHAN’S POV: A hand with a black glove extends over the
dialog: ledge...
text: Nathan grabs the hand as the SNIPER, dressed head to toe in
text: black, helps him up to safety.
text: When Nathan fully stands up, he looks eye-to-eye at the
text: Sniper, whose face is obscured by a black mask...
dialog: Is this his father?
text: They look at each other for a moment, before the Sniper opens
text: his mouth to say something.
speaker_heading: SNIPER
dialog: December 18th, 1994. Your mother
dialog: was going to meet me here, at the
dialog: tower... to introduce me to you...
text: Long pause. Finally:
speaker_heading: SNIPER (CONT'D)
dialog: But, she never showed up.
text: Suddenly, the Sniper gets SHOT in the side of his neck. And
text: then SHOT in the ribs, causing him to fall off the ledge.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Nooooo0!!!
text: The Sniper barely CATCHES the floor railing. He dangles off
text: the ledge, wounded.
text: Kozlow, holding the smoking gun, takes aim at Nathan...
text: But Kozlow gets SHOT in the chest, before he can pull off
text: another shot.
text: REVEAL: Karen, holding the Guard’s gun, trembling.
dialog: 97.
text: Nathan grabs another gun off the floor, and SHOOTS Kozlow
text: multiple times, making sure he’s dead for good.
text: Kozlow drops his gun, and falls to the ground, COUGHING up
dialog: blood.
text: As Nathan gets closer to him, he realizes Kozlow has a bullet-
text: proof jacket on. He’s alive, but in bad shape.
text: Nathan holds his sights on Kozlow.
speaker_heading: KOZLOW
dialog: Do it... aim the gun at my head and
dialog: pull the trigger. Do what father
dialog: knows best...
text: Karen walks to the ledge where the Sniper fell.
text: Nathan looks at her -- she shakes her head, ‘he’s gone’.
speaker_heading: KOZLOW (CONT'D)
dialog: Now, the CIA... is your father.
dialog: New life, new name, new home...
dialog: (looks at Karen)
dialog: New girl... You’1ll be owned by
dialog: them... forever.
text: Nathan takes aim at Kozlow’s head -- the anger swelling
text: inside him.
speaker_heading: KOZLOW (CONT'D)
dialog: (coughs more blood)
dialog: Please, Nathan... put me out of my
dialog: misery. Let me be... with my
dialog: son...
text: Nathan takes pause. This statement has a profound impact on
text: him. He begins lowering his weapon. He looks at the
text: elevators -- two of them will arrive in less than a minute.
text: Nathan grabs a Guards’ handcuffs and puts them on Kozlow.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: I need to be on my own.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: What do you mean?
text: Nathan finishes putting on the handcuffs.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: He’s right. I need to find myself,
dialog: before they define who I am.
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: But, you don’t have any money, any-
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: I'll get by. Find my way.
text: The elevators are about to open.
speaker_heading: NATHAN (CONT'D)
dialog: I just want you to know that...
text: They look at each other, as Nathan tries to find the words.
text: Finally, Karen KISSES him -- a sweet kiss, cut off short by:
speaker_heading: DING.
text: The elevator opens, and numerous TORONTO POLICE OFFICERS and
text: OFFICIALS storm out, on to the deck.
text: But only Karen is in their sights when they arrive.
speaker_heading: TORONTO POLICE
dialog: (to Karen)
dialog: Put your hands up!
text: The POLICE gather other TOURISTS and VICTIMS, who were taking
dialog: cover.
dialog: - They arrest Kozlow
text: - They escort Karen off the floor
scene_heading: EXT. CN TOWER -- MOMENTS LATER
text: SLOW MOTION: As the TOURISTS and PATRONS are led out of the
dialog: building...
text: Nathan is among them, blending right in, hanging his head
text: low, so as not to be noticed amidst the chaos. When he gets
text: out in a courtyard, to safety, he looks up at the tall tower.
text: One last look... and then disappears into an alleyway.
scene_heading: INT. CIA HEADQUARTERS / CONFERENCE ROOM -- DAY
text: Phones RINGING off the hook. It’s a mad house.
text: Frank Boyer paces around the conference room, while multiple
text: AGENTS answer the phones and TALK to various SOURCES.
text: He looks agitated, wanting answers.
text: A YOUNG AGENT approaches him.
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: YOUNG AGENT
dialog: We have more information about
dialog: Shealy-
speaker_heading: BOYER
dialog: I don’t care about Shealy. Where’s
dialog: Nathan Harper?
text: Another AGENT hangs up his phone.
scene_heading: ANOTHER AGENT
text: No sign of Harper or the Sniper,
dialog: sir.
text: Boyer looks at his assistant, LANCE.
speaker_heading: BOYER
dialog: Spade?
speaker_heading: LANCE
dialog: No word, yet.
text: Boyer hangs his head in frustration.
scene_heading: INT. WESLEY’S OFFICE -- DAY
text: Wesley sits at his desk, paying off a large outstanding bill
text: on his mortgage.
text: Fletcher walks in, as Wesley quickly hides the document.
speaker_heading: FLETCHER
dialog: (hands him the note)
dialog: This just came in for you.
text: Wesley opens the note, as Fletcher leaves.
dialog: It reads: Love the quilt. Isn’t it a little crooked?
text: Wesley looks up at his wife’s quilt, hanging up on the wall.
text: It's definitely a little off kilter.
text: He gets up and walks over to it. But just before he adjusts
text: it, he notices a tiny hole punctured in the middle. He takes
text: the quilt off the wall to see what’s behind it...
text: It’s a small spy camera, looking right at him.
text: Wesley grabs the camera, and immediately RIPS it off the
text: attached wires.
dialog: 100.
scene_heading: EXT. DEPUTY’S OFFICE -- LATER
text: Wesley, some OFFICERS, and a TECH GUY stand outside the
text: Precinct. The Tech Guy CRACKS open a pipe attached to the
text: brick wall, and sees some strange wires.
speaker_heading: TECH GUY
dialog: Looks like someone hacked in
text: through the phone lines.
scene_heading: INT. LAB -- LATER
text: A LAB TECHNICIAN comes up with a trace from the newly—found
dialog: wires.
speaker_heading: LAB TECHNICIAN
dialog: We got an address. Kilton Hotel,
text: Room 512, two blocks away. 1414
dialog: South Christopher Street-
text: Wesley and his DEPUTIES run out of the room.
scene_heading: INT. KILTON HOTEL -- HALLWAY
text: Wesley and numerous DEPUTIES approach Room 512 with their
text: guns out.
text: Wesley KNOCKS on the door. No answer.
speaker_heading: WESLEY
dialog: Open up! Police!
dialog: No response.
text: Wesley nods for a DEPUTY to slide a key card to unlock the
text: door. Once the door UNLOCKS, they BARGE into the room, with
text: their weapons out... but no one is inside.
text: They see multiple running television monitors with
dialog: surveillance video -- every room of the Precinct was being
dialog: watched.
text: There is wiretap equipment, placed on the bed with memo notes
text: attached, reading: Upstairs bedroom, kitchen, Living room...
text: Wesley looks closer at one of the surveillance monitors.
speaker_heading: WESLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: My house...
text: Fletcher realizes the memo notes are for Wesley.
speaker_heading: FLETCHER
dialog: All your phones, sir...
dialog: 101.
text: Wesley starts to realize he’s in a world of shit.
text: A DVD Player rests on a table top. A small memo note reads:
dialog: Play me!
text: Wesley presses PLAY.
text: Footage appears on the screen of Jack Shapiro, when he was in
text: Wesley’s office the day before. It starts from when Jack and
text: Marcus are on their way out the door:
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (on TV)
dialog: Personally, I’d be most worried
dialog: about the cameras.
speaker_heading: WESLEY
dialog: (on TV)
dialog: Why’s that?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (on TV)
dialog: Because there’s always someone
dialog: behind them.... Someone who knows
dialog: more than you.
text: The screen goes to black.
text: Wesley GULPS, as Fletcher receives a note from a fellow
speaker_heading: OFFICER.
speaker_heading: FLETCHER
dialog: Sir, the Marshal’s office claims
dialog: they never heard of a ‘Jack
dialog: Shapiro’ over there. They don’t
dialog: even have an arson expert.
text: Another DEPUTY plays a tape-recorder on the bed.
speaker_heading: AUDIO:
speaker_heading: WESLEY (V.O.)
dialog: ...you should know that the CIA
dialog: came to me today. They found him
dialog: in Booneville, Kentucky. I can
dialog: give you a heads up with any
dialog: information they give me, if you
dialog: want—
speaker_heading: STRANGE VOICE
dialog: We won’t be needing you any-
text: Wesley quickly presses STOP on the recorder.
text: Suddenly, a gun is aimed at Wesley... Three FBI AGENTS are
text: in the room.
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: FBI AGENT
dialog: Wesley Carr?
text: Wesley looks at them, dumbfounded.
text: They take out their badges.
speaker_heading: FBI AGENT (CONT’D)
dialog: We're federal agents, and you’re
dialog: under arrest for conspiracy of
dialog: treason as well as tampering with
dialog: an ongoing investigation...
scene_heading: INT. FRANK BOYER’S OFFICE -- NIGHT
text: Boyer is on his cell phone, pacing around his office.
speaker_heading: BOYER
dialog: (phone)
dialog: I didn’t authorize a sting
dialog: operation.
speaker_heading: FBI AGENT (V.O.)
dialog: We got him on at least six federal
dialog: offences.
text: Boyer’s assistant, Lance, brings Boyer a coffee, and places
text: it next to a red phone on Boyer’s desk.
speaker_heading: BOYER
dialog: (phone)
dialog: Let’s get something straight. The
dialog: CIA takes no responsibility for any
dialog: surveillance of a Sheriff Wesley
dialog: Carr.
speaker_heading: FBI AGENT (V.O.)
dialog: Well, somebody did it. And they
dialog: had this guy tapped every which way
dialog: from Sunday. Carr keeps mentioning
dialog: somebody named Jack Shapiro.
speaker_heading: BOYER
dialog: (phone)
dialog: Never heard of him.
speaker_heading: FBI AGENT (V.O.)
text: Neither has the Marshal’s office.
dialog: Gotta be one of yours.
speaker_heading: BOYER
dialog: (phone)
dialog: I'm telling you, I never heard of a
dialog: Jack Shapiro.
dialog: 103.
text: Suddenly, Boyer’s red phone RINGS. It’s a very important
text: phone. Boyer looks at it.
speaker_heading: FBI AGENT (V.O.)
dialog: Gotta be this guy, Jack Shapiro.
speaker_heading: BOYER
dialog: (phone )
text: Who the hell is JACK SHAPIRO!?
text: The red phone RINGS again.
text: Lance points at the phone.
speaker_heading: LANCE
dialog: Sir...?
text: Boyer stares at the red phone. It RINGS again. He slowly
text: closes his cell phone... and walks over to the red phone...
text: Picks it up.
speaker_heading: BOYER
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Boyer.
speaker_heading: JACK SHAPIRO(V.O.)
dialog: Hello, Frank...
speaker_heading: BOYER
dialog: (phone)
dialog: Martin...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. NICE BATHROOM -- NIGHT
text: Jack Shapiro, on a headset, with his shirt off, is calmly
text: stitching up a wound in his neck -- the wound he got saving
dialog: Nathan's life.
dialog: He's Martin Spade.
text: INTERCUT: Boyer/Martin conversation.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I found him, Frank. You did a good
dialog: job hiding him. But I found him.
speaker_heading: BOYER
dialog: He’s umm... perfectly safe now,
dialog: Martin.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: That’s not what I hear.
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: BOYER
dialog: You're supposed to be off the grid
dialog: right now. The fact that you’re
dialog: making this call, tells me your
dialog: letting personal feelings
dialog: compromise the job at hand.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I’m in the field... where I belong.
dialog: And you're sitting behind a desk...
dialog: where you belong.
text: Martin puts on a tuxedo shirt and starts buttoning it up.
text: hides his stitches with the shirt collar.
speaker_heading: BOYER
dialog: Still, the nature of this call,
dialog: puts into question your ability to
dialog: perform your job. If I find out
dialog: that you make contact with Nathan
dialog: again, I'll be forced to recommend
dialog: pulling you out of the field...
dialog: indefinitely.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Save the empty threats, Frank.
speaker_heading: BOYER
dialog: They’re the only threats I’ve got.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Fair enough. I promise to hold up
dialog: my end of the bargain, as long as
dialog: you hold up yours.
speaker_heading: BOYER
dialog: We'll do everything in our power to
dialog: find him, and protect him, Martin.
dialog: You have my word.
text: Martin puts on a bow tie.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Good. Because if I find out his
dialog: life’s in danger again. Or if
dialog: anything should happen to him. You
dialog: won't be sitting behind a desk
dialog: anymore, Frank. You’1ll be lying in
text: an open casket.
text: Martin HANGS up.
scene_heading: STAY WITH MARTIN
text: Martin adjusts his bow tie, and puts on a sharp tuxedo
text: jacket. He grabs a tiny handgun off the sink, and places
text: in his inside pocket.
dialog: He
dialog: it
dialog: 105.
text: He exits the bathroom into:
scene_heading: INT. LARGE BALLROOM -- NIGHT
text: Sweeping MUSIC fills the air. It’s the “BLUE DENUBE WALTZ”
dialog: by Strauss.
text: Hundreds of GUESTS in tuxedos and evening gowns are dancing,
text: CHATTING, eating and drinking.
text: A BEAUTIFUL WOMAN approaches Martin. She reaches her hand
text: out for a dance.
speaker_heading: BEAUTIFUL WOMAN
dialog: Are you ready, darling?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Of course, my dear.
text: They immediately sweep into the dance floor, dancing to the
dialog: MUSIC. Martin is an excellent dancer, and he has this woman
text: in the palm of his hand.
scene_heading: EXT. LONE CABIN -- LATE AFTERNOON
text: An open desert landscape, with WIND blowing hard in all
dialog: directions.
text: As tumbleweeds FLOAT by... an old, run down cabin stands
text: alone. The chimes on the porch JINGLE in the wind. Old
text: Buddha sculptures and African art decorate the cabin. The
text: outside walls are filled with Aboriginal face masks and
dialog: Indian feathers.
text: Nathan stands a few yards from the cabin, looking at it.
scene_heading: FADE IN TITLE CARD: FIFTEEN MILES OUTSIDE MODESTO
scene_heading: EXT. PORCH -- MOMENTS LATER
text: Nathan approaches the front door, and KNOCKS.
text: After a moment, a MAN opens the door...
text: It's Marcus Lang. (Jack Shapiro's arson partner from earlier)
text: He looks at Nathan, for a moment, but doesn’t speak.
dialog: Finally:
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Are you Paul Rasmus?
dialog: 106.
text: Marcus nods.
speaker_heading: NATHAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you know who I am?
speaker_heading: RASMUS
dialog: (British accent)
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: You were supposed to meet me, a
dialog: couple day ago. On an overnight
dialog: train from Virginia?
speaker_heading: RASMUS
dialog: I’m sorry. I think you have me
text: mixed up with someone else.
text: Rasmus tries to shut the door.
text: Nathan holds it open.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Well, is there another Paul Rasmus
dialog: in Modesto? It’s important.
speaker_heading: RASMUS
dialog: I really couldn’t tell you. I
dialog: don’t know.
text: Nathan looks defeated -- out of options.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: I’m... looking for information
dialog: about my father. If you know
dialog: anything-
speaker_heading: RASMUS
dialog: I'm sorry. I wish I could help.
text: Rasmus tries shutting the door, again.
text: Nathan holds it open, again.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: (desperate)
dialog: Please...
text: As Nathan holds the door, he sees Rasmus’s WIFE and three
text: CHILDREN inside, sitting at the dinner table. They look back
text: at him, wondering what’s going on.
text: Nathan has clearly interrupted a family supper. He feels bad
text: -- lets go of the door.
speaker_heading: NATHAN (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m sorry to have bothered you.
dialog: 107.
text: Nathan walks away towards the road.
scene_heading: INT. RASMUS’S KITCHEN -- MOMENTS LATER
text: Rasmus sits down at the table to continue eating his dinner.
speaker_heading: WIFE
dialog: Who was that, hun?
speaker_heading: RASMUS
dialog: Someone with the wrong address.
text: Rasmus’s wife nods and starts making funny faces at their
text: SON, 6, who returns the gesture. They’re the cutest family
dialog: in the world.
text: CLOSE ON: Rasmus, looking at his beautiful family --
dialog: conflicted.
scene_heading: EXT. BUS STOP -- DUSK
text: Nathan waits, by himself, at a lonely bus stop in the middle
text: of the desert. The wind still BLOWS heavily, as Nathan
dialog: watches the sun go down. Where to go from here?
text: He takes out the picture of his mother that Boyer gave him.
text: He feels more lost and lonely than ever.
text: In the distance, an old Volkswagon beetle comes into view,
text: driving towards the Stop. The beetle PULLS up, in front of
dialog: Nathan...
text: It’s Rasmus. He doesn’t look at Nathan -- looks straight
text: ahead, thinking. The ENGINE stays on.
text: Nathan gets up, and approaches the passenger side window.
text: After a long moment... Rasmus turns and looks at him.
speaker_heading: RASMUS
dialog: Get in.
speaker_heading: BLACKOUT
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
