dialog: 
scene_heading: THE HEBREW HAMMER
dialog: Written by
dialog: Jonathan Kesselman
text: Over BLACK, we hear the first few bars of Jingle Bells. The
text: music morphs into an OMINOUS SCORE.
text: With a thunderous BOOM, comes a TITLE CARD reading "HANUKKAH
dialog: PAST."
scene_heading: EXT. PUBLIC ELEMENTARY SCHOOL - DAY
text: We start on JESUS ON A CRUCIFIX, and then violently CRANE
text: down to reveal MORDECHAI (10), a timid little Hasidic boy
text: standing nervously at the foot of the statue.
text: Behind Morty is a wall with the graffiti phrase "HANUKKAH IS
text: 4 HOMOS" scrawled across it. He clutches his Sandy Koufax
text: lunchbox tightly as he looks off into the distance. He's got
text: quite a large bulge in his pants for a child his age.
text: We see a menacing, EXTREMELY WIDE ANGLE shot of the school.
text: Superimposed over the picture are the words, "ST. PETER,
scene_heading: PAUL, AND MARY PUBLIC ELEMENTARY SCHOOL."
text: Mordechai takes a deep breath, and walks towards the school.
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOLYARD - MOMENTS LATER
text: Mordechai walks past a row of bleachers occupied by FOUR
scene_heading: GENTILE CHILDREN.
speaker_heading: GENTILE BOY 1
dialog: Hey Mordechai, look. I dropped a penny.
text: He drops a penny. The other children cackle.
text: The Gentile Girl next to him holds up a bag of bagels.
speaker_heading: GENTILE GIRL 1
dialog: Hey Mordechai. Want a bagel?
text: Gentile Boy 1 feigns choking.
speaker_heading: GENTILE BOY 2
dialog: Hey Jew nose, save some oxygen for us.
text: More laughter. Morty attempts to take it all in stride. We
text: PUSH into GENTILE GIRL 2, a severe looking puritanically
text: dressed child as she turns to face the camera.
speaker_heading: GENTILE GIRL 2
dialog: Hey Morty, my mom says that unless your
dialog: people wise up and accept Jesus Christ as
dialog: your lord and savior you're all going to
dialog: burn in hell.
text: Dead silence. The other children exchange "Now that went a
dialog: little over the line" looks.
text: The silence is broken by the sound of the SCHOOLBELL. Morty
text: gathers himself, and walks off.
scene_heading: INT. CLASSROOM - LATER
text: As Morty holds a small gift wrapped box in his hands we hear
text: a tinny version of the song Dreidel, dreidel, dreidel.
text: He tears open the wrapping paper to reveal a DREIDEL. He
text: looks at his gift, and then looks off-screen. We PAN with his
dialog: look to reveal...
text: A group of Christian children congregating around a large,
text: garishly decorated Christmas tree. A very Vegas Merry
text: Christmas sign flashes as a larger-than-life HI-FI version of
text: the Christmas song Jingle Bells blares. The children
text: festively slap high fives as they open their presents.
text: We cut to a SLOW-MOTION CU of Gentile Boy 1 enamored with his
text: brand new ATC motorbike.
text: We cut to a SLOW-MOTION CU of Gentile Girl 1. She wears an "I
text: Love Jesus" T-shirt and holds an adorable dog with a bow
text: affixed to its head in her arms. It licks her on the face.
text: We cut back to Mordechai. He looks down at his pathetic
text: excuse for a present. He's on the verge of tears.
text: Gentile Boy 1 calls to Mordechai as he drives his ATC.
speaker_heading: GENTILE BOY 1
dialog: Hey everybody! Look what Mordechai got.
dialog: Nice spinning top Morty.
text: The other children take notice of Mordechai's gift and begin
text: to laugh.
text: Mordechai is crushed. MRS. HIGHSMITH (40's), an incredibly
text: Waspy teacher puts down her copy of 'Modern W.A.S.P.,' and
text: appears genuinely concerned by the teasing Mordechai has
text: weathered. She walks over to comfort him.
scene_heading: MRS. HIGHSMITH
dialog: Now, now class let's not make fun of
dialog: Mordechai's spinning top. We need to all
dialog: learn the importance of tolerance and
dialog: understanding. Isn't that right
dialog: Mordechai?
speaker_heading: MORDECHAI
dialog: Yes Mrs. Highsmith.
scene_heading: MRS. HIGHSMITH
dialog: So class, in honor of Mordechai's special
dialog: day, I'd like for all of us to wish Morty
dialog: a heartfelt Merry...
text: She looks to Mordechai for confirmation on the word.
speaker_heading: MRS. HIGHSMITH (CONT'D)
dialog: (Stumbling)
dialog: Cha-noo-kuh Day 7.
text: In unison, the class attempts to repeat the words, but all
dialog: suffer various degrees of pronunciation problems.
speaker_heading: MRS. HIGHSMITH (CONT'D)
dialog: Very good class. I hope you've all
dialog: learned an important lesson today. Just
dialog: because Mordechai's people are different
dialog: from us...just because they might appear
dialog: strange to us with their furry hats,
text: their beady eyes, and their long
dialog: sideburns...not to mention their bizarre
text: customs and unnecessarily guttural, funny
dialog: sounding names...just because they
dialog: control all of the worlds' money, yet are
dialog: too cheap to buy their children anything
dialog: better than spinning tops for presents,
dialog: does not mean that we can't learn to
dialog: respect and love them as our equals.
text: She squeezes his cheek.
speaker_heading: MRS. HIGHSMITH (CONT'D)
dialog: Happy Chanoo-juah-kah Day 7 Morty.
text: A reaction shot of the mortified Morty.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. GHETTO STREET - NIGHT
text: A sullen Mordechai wanders the streets. Absurd XMAS
text: DECORATIONS, horrific in their appearance blanket the street.
text: Morty glances a GROTESQUE FAUX REINDEER with fangs. We hear a
text: growling noise as it lights up. He walks quickly away in fear
dialog: past...
speaker_heading: A STOREFRONT
text: We track with Morty as he passes a storefront window. Inside,
text: the CLERK turns a sign outwards reading, "JEWS NOT WELCOME."
text: We continue with Morty as he passes by a second storefront. A
text: similar sign reading, "KYKES GO HOME" is turned outwards by
text: ANOTHER CLERK. He continues past yet another building as a
text: sign reading, "MONOTHEISTS NEED NOT APPLY" is displayed by a
text: THIRD CLERK for Morty's benefit.
text: Morty looks across the street.
text: A sign hangs from a storefront reading "JEWS OK FOR ABOUT 5
text: MINUTES." The FOURTH CLERK gives him the thumbs up.
text: Morty finds a spot on the sidewalk outside the building and
text: pulls out his dreidel.
text: He spins it, and we hold on the spinning top for a few beats
text: as Morty stares at in wonderment.
text: Suddenly, a huge black boot comes crashing down into frame
text: and smashes the little dreidel. Mordechai slowly looks up.
text: A menacing SANTA CLAUS gives him the finger, and exits frame
text: as we hear him sadistically laugh O.S. the words "Ho, ho, ho"
dialog: at Morty.
text: We start CLOSE on Mordechai. Rage fills every inch of his
text: face. As we SLOWLY CRANE AWAY, the opening CREDITS begin as
text: the HEBREW HAMMER THEME SONG kicks into full gear.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: TITLE SEQUENCE
text: As the Jewxploitation music pumps, metallic slashes rip
text: through the screen line by line, spinning into place to form
text: a Star Of David. The title, "The Hebrew Hammer" SLAMS into
dialog: frame.
scene_heading: TITLE CARD: HANUKKAH PRESENT
scene_heading: EXT. THE CHOOD - DAY
text: We start CLOSE on a gift wrapped Hanukkah present. We pull
scene_heading: back a bit as MORDECHAI JEFFERSON CARVER (29), AKA THE HEBREW
text: HAMMER, a baaad Jewish brother spins the package in his hands
text: as he saunters down the street past a latke stand. He's a
dialog: Semitic super stud straight out of a 70's Blaxploitation
text: flick. He tosses the gift to MACCABEE, a young Hasidic boy.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Happy Hanukkah Maccabee.
text: Macabee tears open the wrapping paper and holds up the gift -
text: a Hebrew Hammer action figure. He beams.
text: We cut back to the Hammer as he smiles back. From O.C., we
dialog: hear Maccabee say...
speaker_heading: MACCABEE (O.C.)
dialog: Thanks Hammer!
text: The Hammer smiles back and walks off frame.
scene_heading: ANOTHER PART OF THE CHOOD
text: We begin on the Hammer's black boots and slowly TILT up as we
text: DOLLY back with him.
text: The Hammer passes a line of THREE JEWISH PRINCESSES who swoon
text: as he passes.
text: He stops below the sign of a butcher shop that reads, "100%
text: KOSHER MEAT." We PUSH into his CLOSE UP as he blows them all
text: a kiss.
text: The pubic area of their dresses moisten in synchrony.
text: The Hammer winks back.
text: An OLD WOMAN calls to the Hammer from the window of a second
dialog: story flat.
speaker_heading: OLD WOMAN
dialog: Hammer, why don't you come eat by us for
dialog: Shabat. My Miriam is all grown up now.
dialog: God willing, you should settle down and
dialog: marry.
text: We punch in to a CLOSE UP of a demure Miriam as the Hammer
text: takes stock of the goods. She is an atrociously ugly girl
text: wearing orthodontic headgear, and bespectacled with a pair
text: oversized librarian's glasses.
text: The Hammer shakes off his wave of nausea.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Thanks for the invite Mrs. Kleinman, but
dialog: right now G dash d's the only one for me.
speaker_heading: OLD WOMAN
dialog: I can dig it.
text: The Hammer continues on down the street. The old woman and
text: Miriam are framed in the BG.
speaker_heading: OLD WOMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Hammer, you're the baaddest Hebe this
dialog: side of Tel Aviv.
text: The Hammer stops for a second and smiles at the compliment.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: (To himself)
dialog: Shabat Shalom!
text: He walks off frame.
scene_heading: EXT. GHETTO ALLEY - MOMENTS LATER
text: Some TEENAGE GENTILE BOYS play keep away with a yarmulke
text: belonging to SHLOMO, another young Hasidic kid.
speaker_heading: SHLOMO
dialog: Give it back! Give me back my yarmulke!
speaker_heading: TEENAGE GENTILE
dialog: Hey Teddy, throw me the frisbee.
text: TEDDY (the non-speaking teen Gentile) throws the yarmulke,
text: and we FOLLOW it as it spins towards another TEENAGE GENTILE.
text: The other Teenage Gentile excitedly extends his hands to
text: catch, but right before it reaches him another hand comes
text: into frame and snatches it. He looks up, and we cut to his...
text: POV as we tilt up to reveal The Hammer. He looks pretty damn
text: big and pissed off from this angle.
text: The Teenage Gentile begins to shake and stammer.
speaker_heading: TEENAGE GENTILE (CONT'D)
dialog: We...we were going to give it back. I
dialog: swear to god.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Did you just take god's name in vain?
speaker_heading: TEENAGE GENTILE
dialog: No, no. It...It's not like that. We were
dialog: just about...
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Just about to leave, right?
speaker_heading: TEENAGE GENTILE
dialog: Yeah, yeah, that's right. We were just
dialog: about to leave. C'mon Teddy.
text: The two run off.
text: The Hammer looks down to Shlomo. His spirit seems broken.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: You alright?
speaker_heading: SHLOMO
dialog: I guess. Sometimes I wonder why I even
dialog: bother praying to one god.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Hey, hey! Be proud of who you are. You're
text: a bad, bold, big-nosed, biblical brother.
dialog: You feelin' me?
text: The kid's morale is boosted.
speaker_heading: SHLOMO
dialog: Yeah. You're right.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Aveenooh Shalom Alechem little brother.
text: The Hammer pounds his fist into his chest ala the Black
text: Panthers. The kid returns the gesture.
speaker_heading: SHLOMO
dialog: Thanks Hammer.
text: The Hammer points at him as he leaves.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Stay Jewish.
scene_heading: EXT. 'HEBREW HAMMER INVESTIGATIONS' OFFICE BUILDING - DAY
text: The Hammer walks up the stairs and past the sign advertising
dialog: his office.
text: The Hammer theme music winds down, punctuated with Shaft-like
text: brass hits. However, the brass hits become incredibly
text: overblown and extraneous.
text: The Hammer walks back into frame from the stairway to his
text: office. He looks around strangely for the source of the
dialog: music.
scene_heading: INT. 'HEBREW HAMMER INVESTIGATIONS' OFFICE BUILDING - MOMENTS
speaker_heading: LATER
text: TIKKVA (Late 30's), the Hammer's very nasaly Laawng Island
text: secretary, files her nails furiously as the Hammer enters the
text: office. A MUZAK version of the Hammer Theme song plays over
dialog: the office PA system.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Happy Hanukkah Tikva.
speaker_heading: TIKVA
dialog: Happy Hanukkah Morty.
text: The Hammer tosses his Shtreml and we WHIP with it as lands
text: squarely on the hat rack.
text: We cut back to the Hammer. He's wearing a yarmulke.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: So, what's shakin' Yenta.
speaker_heading: TIKVA
dialog: Well, for stahters, your mother called.
dialog: She said to remind you that you're having
dialog: Shabat Dinner by her tomorrow, and also
dialog: to remind you to bring the Manischewitz,
dialog: and she wanted me to relate the following
dialog: information to you.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Okay, what's the information?
speaker_heading: TIKVA
dialog: She said to remind you that you're having
dialog: Shabat dinner by her tomorrow and also to
dialog: remind you to bring the Manischewitz.
text: The Hammer lets this sink in.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Anything else?
speaker_heading: TIKVA
dialog: Yeah, I'm going to be out of the office
dialog: from 1:30 to 3:00 on Sunday. I have a
dialog: terrible yeast infection and I need to
dialog: see my gynecologist.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: But we're not open on Sundays.
speaker_heading: TIKVA
dialog: I understand that. I just thought that
dialog: you might want to know.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: I'll be in my office.
text: The Hammer walks into his private office and shuts the
text: frosted glass door. We hold on what's stenciled on the
text: outside of the door. The lettering reads, "Mordechai
dialog: Jefferson Carver - Certified Circumcised Dick - State of New
dialog: York."
scene_heading: YET TBD TRANSITION TO:
scene_heading: EXT. NORTH POLE - DAY
text: An establishing shot of Santa's Workshop. The lettering
text: "NORTH POLE - SANTA'S WORKSHOP" is superimposed over the
dialog: picture.
scene_heading: INT. SANTA'S CONFERENCE ROOM - DAY
speaker_heading: SANTA CLAUS (O.S.)
dialog: I want to start by thanking all of you
dialog: for pulling yourselves away from the
dialog: workshop to make this emergency meeting.
dialog: I know it's the busiest time of the year
dialog: for all of you, so I'll try and be brief.
text: As Santa speaks, we begin on a painting of a meek and
text: frightened looking Santa Claus. His eyes look fearfully to
text: his right. Below the picture frame is a plaque reading "St.
text: Nick the Nervous. 1871-1941", we continue a slow DOLLY to the
text: right on to the next picture.
text: We see another Santa Claus, much more treacherous in his
text: appearance. His eyes are fixed menacingly on the picture of
text: Santa to his left. The plaque below his picture read, "St.
dialog: Nick The Nasty 1941-1970."
text: We continue our DOLLY to the right, finally ending on a
text: painting of a jolly, portly Santa. Below his picture the
text: plaque reads, "St. Nick The Nice. 1970-Christmas Present."
text: We cut to a WIDE shot of a Conference Room. The same nice
text: Santa Claus from the last picture addresses a handful of
text: ELVES. Two reindeer flank Santa on either side. Their
text: nameplates hang from their necks - "BLITZEN" and "RUDOLPH."
text: At the other end of the table from Santa sits his son DAMIAN,
dialog: quite a nasty looking man.
speaker_heading: SANTA CLAUS (CONT'D)
dialog: My father, often referred to as St. Nick
dialog: The Nasty, was a tyrannical man. He was
dialog: obsessed with making Christmas the only
dialog: holiday anyone could celebrate before the
dialog: New Year.
dialog: Since his death, I've prided myself on
dialog: ensuring that the Christmas season is one
dialog: of tolerance and understanding between
dialog: all races and religions. It's always been
dialog: my belief that Hanukkah and Kwanzaa
dialog: deserve the same respect as Christmas.
text: Damian whispers to an elf on his right hand side, and then
text: makes the JERKING OFF motion with his hand.
speaker_heading: SANTA CLAUS (CONT'D)
dialog: Lights please.
text: As Rudolph's nose dims, so do the lights in the room. Santa
text: picks up a remote in his hand, and turns on a SLIDE
speaker_heading: PROJECTOR.
speaker_heading: SANTA CLAUS (CONT'D)
dialog: Over the course of my career as Santa
dialog: Claus, I've made it my mission to ensure
dialog: that Jews, Christians, and African
dialog: Americans could all observe their
dialog: respective holidays in harmony.
text: We see a slide of THE HEBREW HAMMER, an African American man
text: (Mohammed), and Santa Claus arm in arm below a banner in a
text: mall reading "HAPPY HOLIDAYS!"
speaker_heading: SANTA CLAUS (CONT'D)
dialog: I was responsible for pushing the Happy
dialog: Holidays Ordinance, in which all Merry
dialog: Christmas signage was replaced by the
text: Trans-relgious and inoffensive phrase
dialog: 'Happy Holidays.'
text: We see another slide in which an assembly of SCHOOLCHILDREN
dialog: are singing.
speaker_heading: SANTA CLAUS (CONT'D)
dialog: It was nearly a decade ago, in
dialog: conjunction with our friends in the
dialog: Jewish and African American communities
dialog: that I supported a bill that mandated
dialog: that 'Dreidel, dreidel, dreidel' and 'I'm
dialog: dreaming of a bright Kwanzaa' be taught
dialog: and sung in elementary schools along with
dialog: the Christmas standards 'Frosty The
dialog: Snowman', and 'Deck The Halls.'
dialog: Which is why upon examination of my
dialog: annual naughty and nice list it shocked
dialog: me to discover that my own son, Damian...
text: Damian, preoccupied with the cigarette he's attempting to
text: light, looks up in response to his name.
text: A brown bagged bottle of booze now sits on the table in front
text: of him. We can see Santa and the reindeer in silhouette on
text: the slide projection screen behind him.
speaker_heading: SANTA CLAUS (CONT'D)
dialog: The heir to the Red Suit could be so
text: filled with hate.
text: Santa addresses Damian.
speaker_heading: SANTA CLAUS (CONT'D)
dialog: Damian, when I learned of your ludicrous
dialog: scheme to wipe out Hanukkah, my first
dialog: reaction was one of disgust. Now, I'm
text: only filled with sadness and
dialog: disappointment. Disappointed that I
dialog: failed to teach you the true meaning of
dialog: Christmas. What do you have to say for
dialog: yourself?
text: We being a SLOW PUSH into Damian as he ponders the question.
text: The cigarette dangles from his lips.
text: Rudolph nods to Blitzen. Blitzen returns the gesture with a
text: nod of acknowledgment.
text: With a slow and measured pace Damian says...
speaker_heading: DAMIAN
dialog: Ho. Ho. Ho.
text: On the slide projector screen behind Damian, we see the
text: silhouetted images of Blitzen and Rudolph goring Santa
text: through the chest with their antlers. Damian cringes.
text: Blood trickles from Santa's mouth, and with his last breath
text: he utters the words...
speaker_heading: SANTA CLAUS
dialog: Et tu, Blitzen?
text: Santa falls out of frame with a thud. Standing behind him
text: with bloodied antlers is Blitzen.
text: Damian walks over to the newly deceased Santa, takes his
text: bloodstained Santa's hat, and put it on his own head. From
dialog: this point on in the screenplay, Damian will now be referred
dialog: to as SANTA.
text: The elves in the room, in various stages of shock, stare at
text: their new master in horror.
speaker_heading: SANTA
dialog: What are you fucking midgets looking at!?
dialog: Get back to work! We have Hanukkah to
dialog: destroy!
scene_heading: STAR OF DAVID WIPE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE JEWISH DEFENSE LEAGUE - DAY
text: A building resembling the Pentagon with the exception that
text: it's shaped like the Star Of David. Superimposed over the
text: picture are the words, "JEWISH DEFENSE LEAGUE."
scene_heading: INT. THE JEWISH DEFENSE LEAGUE - DAY
text: A smoky chamber reminiscent of the Senate or the United
text: Nations. A GIANT BANNER reading "HANUKKAH NOW!," illustrated
text: with a Hasid in silhouette with his fist raised, covers the
text: back wall behind the men.
dialog: As with the Senate House Committee, various factions of the
text: JDL sit behind plaques describing the group they represent.
dialog: We see members from: The Anti-Defamation League, Jews Against
text: Drunk Driving, etc. A chair belonging to THE COALITION OF
text: JEWISH ATHLETES is empty.
text: The floor is chaotic. The JDL Chief bangs his gavel and
dialog: yells...
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: Gentleman!
text: His pleas for silence are ignored.
speaker_heading: CHIEF (CONT'D)
dialog: Gentleman! Please!
text: Still chaos. He flips a light switch on and off a few times
dialog: as he says...
speaker_heading: CHIEF (CONT'D)
dialog: Sheket B'vakasha! Sheket B'vakasha!
text: The entire hall responds in unison...
speaker_heading: HALL
dialog: Hey!
text: The room falls silent. Every member of the JDL sits straight
text: up with their hands folded in front of them.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: The time for action is now. We predict
dialog: that the St. Nick Day Massacre will put
dialog: Hanukkah-Christmas relations back at
dialog: least a hundred years. With this
dialog: meshuggena new Santa Claus in power,
dialog: Hanukkah is in jeopardy. Our first order
dialog: of business is to put into motion a plan
dialog: to create goodwill towards the Jewish
dialog: Community. Mr. Chairman of the Worldwide
dialog: Jewish Media Conspiracy.
text: HARVEY WEINSTEIN sits before a plaque reading, "HARVEY
scene_heading: WEINSTEIN - CHAIRMAN WORLDWIDE JEWISH MEDIA CONSPIRACY"
scene_heading: HARVEY WEINSTEIN
dialog: Yes Chief.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: We need your people to crank out a couple
dialog: more award winning documentaries on the
dialog: Holocaust, possibly a new Adam Sandler
dialog: movie.
text: The CHAIRMAN OF THE ANTI-DEFAMATION LEAGUE pipes in.
speaker_heading: ADL CHAIRMAN
dialog: Not another Adam Sandler movie!
scene_heading: HARVEY WEINSTEIN
dialog: What's wrong with Adam Sandler movies?
speaker_heading: ADL CHAIRMAN
dialog: We're trying to create goodwill here. I
dialog: just think...
scene_heading: HARVEY WEINSTEIN
dialog: Frankly, I don't care what you think. I
dialog: think you're a putz.
text: The plaque reading "Anti-Defamation League" is clearly framed
dialog: in this shot.
speaker_heading: ADL CHAIRMAN
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: Don't defame me. I'm against that.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: Focus people. Our next order of business
dialog: is to assign an agent to track Santa's
dialog: activities. Step in and use force if the
dialog: situation calls for it.
dialog: We need to put the toughest Jew we have
dialog: on the case. Suggestions? Suggestions,
dialog: anybody?
text: One of the JDL MEMBERS calls out.
speaker_heading: JDL MEMBER 1
dialog: What about Steven Spielberg?
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: C'mon, he made ET. We need someone tough
dialog: people.
text: A SECOND MEMBER calls out.
speaker_heading: JDL MEMBER 2
dialog: What about Itzahk Perlman?
speaker_heading: CHIEF
text: He's in a wheelchair for crying out loud.
text: We stay on the chief while we hear offscreen...
speaker_heading: JDL MEMBER'S 3 AND 4 (O.S.)
dialog: Allen Greenspan? Henry Kissinger?
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: Too old.
speaker_heading: ADL CHAIRMAN
dialog: Joe Lieberman?
speaker_heading: CHIEF
text: Missing in action.
speaker_heading: JDL MEMBER 1
dialog: Robert Shapiro?
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: He's a lawyer. We're looking for heros
dialog: people.
scene_heading: HARVEY WEINSTEIN
dialog: David Copperfield?
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: What's he gonna do, make Santa disappear?
dialog: Think people think. We need a hard
dialog: hittin' Hebe on this one.
text: At the back of the room, ESTHER (25), a Semitic siren, pushes
text: her way to the front. A black skirt covers every inch of her
text: sexy figure.
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: What about Mordechai Jefferson Carver?
text: The hall fills with hushed voices as the various members of
text: the JDL whisper to one another.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: The Hebrew Hammer? No. No way. After the
dialog: way he handled that situation in the West
dialog: Bank? He's the only Jew in the world too
dialog: extreme for the JDL. There's a reason why
dialog: we kicked him out of our ranks,
dialog: sweetheart. We need a man who can follow
dialog: orders. A man with self-control. We need
dialog: a man...
text: The COUNCIL ELDER, a sage looking elderly Jewish man
text: interrupts. The plaque in front of him reads, "SAGE ELDERLY
dialog: JEWISH LEADER."
speaker_heading: COUNCIL ELDER
dialog: ...We need a man who can get the job
dialog: done.
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: Daddy, he's our only hope. And you know
dialog: it.
text: The Chief nods his head reluctantly.
speaker_heading: ADL CHAIRMAN
dialog: Only problem is, ever since we kicked him
dialog: out, he wants nothing to do with us.
dialog: There's no way we can persuade him to
dialog: come back.
text: Esther lifts her skirt a few inches.
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: Perhaps I can persuade him.
scene_heading: STAR OF DAVID WIPE TO:
scene_heading: INT. HEBREW HAMMER INVESTIGATIONS - PRIVATE OFFICE - DAY
text: A shoddy low-rent office replete with Film Noirish lighting
text: via the blinds. The Hammer fiddles with a dreidel as he sits
text: with his feet propped up on his desk. His Shtreml hat is
text: skewed to one side and a toothpick dangles from his lips.
speaker_heading: HAMMER (V.O.)
dialog: It was the day before Hanukkah when she
dialog: strolled into my office.
text: There is knock at the door.
speaker_heading: HAMMER (CONT'D)
dialog: Come in.
text: The door opens to reveal a long denim skirt covering every
text: possible inch of flesh. We tilt up the length of the skirt to
text: reveal Esther. She is breathtakingly sexy.
text: The Hammer quickly removes his feet from the table. Esther
text: approaches his desk and sits.
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: Mr. Jefferson Carver?
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Please, call me Mordechai.
speaker_heading: HAMMER (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: From the way she carried herself I could
dialog: tell she'd been around the block a few
dialog: times...
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: Sorry I'm late. Traffic was a pisher, and
dialog: I've been circling the block for the past
dialog: half hour looking for parking. What are
dialog: you listening to?
speaker_heading: HAMMER (V.O.)
dialog: Oh, the things I would do to her if I had
dialog: the...
text: The Hammer attempts to press stop on his tape recorder, but
text: accidentally FAST FORWARDS to another part of the tape. We
text: hear the sound of SEXUAL INTERCOURSE. The Hammer scrambles
text: for the STOP button.
speaker_heading: HAMMER (CONT'D)
dialog: Client notes. Sorry.
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: What can I do for you?
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: My name is Esther. Chief
dialog: Bloomenbergensteinenthal from the Jewish
dialog: Defense League desperately needs to speak
dialog: with you.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: How is old Chief
dialog: Bloomenbergensteinenthal?
dialog: Is he still shtooping every girl he can
dialog: get his hands on?
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: (Annoyed)
dialog: Actually, his days of marital infidelity
dialog: have long since past. Now he just shtoops
dialog: my mother exclusively.
text: The Hammer makes the realization.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Your mother? Oh. Whoops.
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: Mordechai, Santa Claus has been rubbed
text: out by his son Damian. The man's a demon.
dialog: There's no telling what this new anti
dialog: semitic psycho Santa is capable of.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: I'm sorry to hear about Santa. He was a
dialog: good friend, but my days...
text: The Hammer stops himself and glances over Esther's shoulder.
text: In the doorway stands a BLONDE BOMBSHELL in a mink coat.
speaker_heading: BLONDE BOMBSHELL
dialog: Mr. Hammer? I'd like to hire you to put a
dialog: tail on my husband. I think my life might
dialog: be in danger. I think he wants to kill
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Sorry Shiksa, I think you got the wrong
dialog: office. I'm the Hebrew Hammer. Mike
text: Hammer's down the hall.
text: The Blonde Bombshell is confused for a moment.
speaker_heading: BLONDE BOMBSHELL
dialog: Oh.
text: She leaves.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Listen. Esther, you seem like a nice
dialog: girl, so I'm only gonna say this once. I
dialog: no longer affiliate myself with that
dialog: organization. The politics there were
dialog: brutal. Besides, I've already got a full
dialog: case load.
text: Esther looks down at his desk.
text: We cut to a shot of the Hammer's In/Out Box. Both are
text: completely empty, and thickly coated with spiderwebs.
text: The Hammer takes notice of her expression of skepticism.
speaker_heading: HAMMER (CONT'D)
dialog: That's...uh...that's all done
text: electronically now.
text: Still a look of disbelief.
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: Why are you being so difficult? All my
dialog: father wants is to just speak with...
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: I hate to cut you short, but in an hour
text: the sun goes down, and then it's
dialog: officially the Sabbath. I can't work on
dialog: the Sabbath. This is where we're going to
dialog: have to part ways boobola.
text: The Hammer grabs his overcoat from the coat rack. Esther gets
dialog: up as well.
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: I'm not leaving your side until I get you
dialog: to agree to come speak with my father.
text: It's obvious the Hammer's amused by her persistence.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Be my guest. But I have to warn you, I'm
dialog: going to my mother's for dinner tonight.
dialog: And if you think I'm difficult, wait till
dialog: you meet her.
text: The two walk towards the front door of the office.
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: (Solemnly)
dialog: Before we leave, there's just one more
dialog: thing. I noticed that the sign on your
dialog: door says you're a certified circumcised
dialog: dick. Would you mind if I asked to see
dialog: your credentials?
text: The Hammer looks directly into the camera and shakes his head
dialog: proudly.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MRS. CARVER'S HOUSE - SHABAT
text: We start on the outside of the front door as we hear the Ding
text: of the doorbell. MRS. CARVER, the epitome of Jewish
text: motherhood opens the door.
dialog: For all the Gentiles reading, I thought I might digress for
text: just a moment. JEWISH MOTHER (adj.) A complicated and
dialog: charismatic package of the following qualities rolled into
text: human female form: intense, judgmental, overbearing,
text: manipulative, lacking boundaries, yet fiercely involved,
dialog: loving, and protective of her children. Got it?
speaker_heading: MRS. CARVER
dialog: Mordechai! Shabat Shalom!
text: The Hammer pulls a bottle of wine out from a paper bag.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Shabat Shalom mama. I brought some
text: Manischewitz. The black label.
speaker_heading: MRS. CARVER
dialog: I can see. And you also brought a nice
dialog: girl to come eat by us.
text: Mrs. Carver forcefully grabs Esther into an embrace
text: resembling a bear hug, and begins to plaster her with sloppy
text: kisses. Esther is visibly overwhelmed by it all as the
text: kissing and embracing continue for a bit too long.
text: Mrs. Carver places her tongue into Esther's ear canal as a
text: sign of affection, forcing Esther to break the embrace. Mrs.
text: Carver and Esther look at one another strangely for an
text: awkward few moments.
speaker_heading: MRS. CARVER (CONT'D)
dialog: So. Do you have a name?
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: It's Esther.
speaker_heading: MRS. CARVER
dialog: (She sighs ferclempt)
dialog: From the story of Purim.
dialog: (To Hammer)
dialog: Well, now that we're all acquainted,
dialog: let's sit down and start the Sabbath.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: TITLE CARD: 4 HOURS LATER
scene_heading: INT. MRS. CARVER'S DINING ROOM - 4 HOURS LATER
text: The Hammer and Esther grasp their stomachs which protrude
text: from underneath their slightly unbuttoned shirts. Plates of
text: half-eaten food are everywhere. On the table, on the dining
text: room furniture behind them, etc.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Oy vey, I'm stuffed.
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: I don't think I could eat another latke
dialog: if you paid me.
text: Mrs. Carver enters the dining room through the kitchen door
text: carrying an enormous platter loaded with serving dish after
text: serving dish of food.
speaker_heading: MRS. CARVER
dialog: Everybody ready for the main course?
text: Esther and the Hammer exchange looks.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Mom, I think we've had enough.
text: Mrs. Carver places the food on a dresser opposite the kitchen
text: table and then sits.
speaker_heading: MRS. CARVER
dialog: (Hysterically)
dialog: Nonsense young man. You'll eat everything
dialog: in front of you. After all, there are
dialog: people starving in China. Isn't that
dialog: right Mun Chi?
text: We cut to a previously unseen end of the table. MUN CHI, a
text: skin and bones elderly Chinese man looks up in response to
text: his name. The plate directly in front of him is still
text: pristine. He mutters something in Chinese and then reaches
text: for a chicken wing on a platter in the middle of the table.
text: Mrs. Carver smacks his hands away with a wooden salad spoon
text: and then glares at him.
speaker_heading: MRS. CARVER (CONT'D)
text: Not until Mordechai finishes everything
text: in front of him.
text: Mrs. Carver directs her piercing stare at the Hammer.
speaker_heading: MRS. CARVER (CONT'D)
dialog: Mordechai!?
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: So, Esther, how did you and Mordechai
dialog: meet. You know they call him the Hebrew
dialog: Hammer for a reason.
text: Esther coughs up some of her food. The Hammer interjects.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Mom! Esther works for the JDL. They sent
dialog: her to try and recruit me back to save
dialog: Hanukkah for them. What she doesn't seem
dialog: to understand is that nothing, not even
dialog: god himself could convince me to ever
dialog: work for them again.
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: But Hanukkah's in dan...
text: The Hammer cuts her off.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Not my problem. If you'll excuse me now,
dialog: I need to use the bathroom.
text: He stands and leaves.
text: Mrs. Carver stares lovingly at Esther.
speaker_heading: MRS. CARVER
dialog: You like my Mordechai, yes?
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: He's...he's very nice.
dialog: (Desperately)
dialog: But Mrs. Carver, the fate of Hanukkah
dialog: rests solely in his hands. Please, you
dialog: have to help me.
speaker_heading: MRS. CARVER
dialog: Hanukkah, Shmanukkah. It isn't even one
dialog: of the high holidays. What concerns me
dialog: more is that my boychick is almost
text: thirty, and has yet to settle down with a
dialog: nice Jewish girl.
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: I'll make you a deal. I'll help you with
dialog: your little Hanukkah problem if you help
dialog: me with my Mordechai.
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: (Confused)
dialog: What do you want me to do?
speaker_heading: MRS. CARVER
dialog: He works too much. God forbid he should
dialog: have a nice Jewish girl come eat by him
dialog: once in a while. Take his mind off his
dialog: work. Maybe a blowjob here and there.
text: Esther begins to choke again.
speaker_heading: MRS. CARVER (CONT'D)
dialog: Is this something you could do for me?
text: The Hammer calls out from the bathroom.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Mom, where do you keep the plunger?
speaker_heading: MRS. CARVER
dialog: (Yells)
dialog: It's under the sink by my tampons!
text: Esther appears panicked.
speaker_heading: MRS. CARVER (CONT'D)
dialog: So, do we have a deal?
text: In the BG, we hear the toilet FLUSH. The Hammer begins his
text: walk back to the table.
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: Deal.
text: The Hammer sits down.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: So, what did you two ladies discuss while
dialog: I was gone.
text: Esther begins to speak, but Mrs. Carver interrupts.
speaker_heading: MRS. CARVER
dialog: I was just telling your nice friend
dialog: Esther about how I used to have such a
dialog: problem with the gas.
dialog: (To Esther)
dialog: So, once I started taking two charcoal
dialog: pills before I ate, the gas cleared
dialog: itself right up.
text: Esther plays along.
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: Thanks. That's...good to know.
text: Mrs. Carver turns her attention towards her son.
speaker_heading: MRS. CARVER
dialog: Mordechai. Do you love your mother?
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Mom, stop with this already. Of course I
dialog: love you. You're my mother.
speaker_heading: MRS. CARVER
dialog: Then how come you won't stop this
text: Certified Circumcised Dick nonsense and
dialog: get yourself a real job.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Mom, I have a real job. I do good things
dialog: for this community. I help people.
speaker_heading: MRS. CARVER
dialog: When I play bridge with all the girls,
dialog: everyone has what to talk about with
text: their sons. They show pictures. Their
dialog: sons are lawyers and doctors and Rabbis.
dialog: Why can't I show a picture?
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: (Angered)
dialog: So don't show a picture.
speaker_heading: MRS. CARVER
dialog: You know my friend Maureen? Her son, the
dialog: investment banker? He paid for her entire
dialog: retirement in Boca Raton. What a mench he
dialog: is. Instead of schleping to save
dialog: Hanukkah, god forbid you should go back
dialog: to business school and get an MBA. Maybe
dialog: then you could send me to Boca, too.
text: This puts the Hammer into a neurotic fit.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Oh. Oh, What. So, all of a sudden my
dialog: saving Hanukkah's not good enough for
dialog: you? Is that what your saying?
text: Mrs. Carver throws her arms up in resignation.
speaker_heading: MRS. CARVER
dialog: I don't want to argue with you. Let's
dialog: just eat in peace.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: No. No. We're gonna argue. And you know
dialog: what mom? I'm going to save Hanukkah just
dialog: to spite you. And when my face is all
dialog: over the television. When your friends
text: are opening their Hanukkah gifts next
dialog: year, don't mention it to them, okay? I
dialog: wouldn't want you to have to show my
dialog: picture.
speaker_heading: MRS. CARVER
dialog: Do what you must.
text: Mrs. Carver looks at Esther and winks.
speaker_heading: MRS. CARVER (CONT'D)
dialog: (To Esther)
dialog: Such a good boy he is.
text: The Hammer shakes his head in frustration.
text: Mrs. Carver becomes very animated.
speaker_heading: MRS. CARVER (CONT'D)
dialog: Mazel Tov!
text: MAZEL TOV, a tabby with two paralyzed back legs wearing a
text: diaper slides itself across the floor. With each writhing
text: motion we hear a very distinct SWISHING NOISE.
text: Mrs. Carver picks the cat up and places it in her lap. Mazel
text: Tov makes a strange, UNHAPPY NOISE.
speaker_heading: MRS. CARVER (CONT'D)
dialog: What's that Mazel Tov? Your diaper needs
dialog: changing?
text: Mrs. Carver pulls off Mazel Tov's diaper while it still sits
text: in her lap. She plays with undiapered cat's two good paws.
speaker_heading: MRS. CARVER (CONT'D)
dialog: (To Mazel Tov)
dialog: Let's let your tuchus breathe.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Mom, why don't you put that cat out of
dialog: its misery?
speaker_heading: MRS. CARVER
dialog: (Extremely offended)
dialog: Because it isn't god's way.
dialog: When you spent the fourth grade in bed
dialog: recovering from your bout with
dialog: hypoglycemia, did I put you down? No.
dialog: Mazel Tov will lead a full life just like
dialog: the rest of us. Isn't that right Mazel
dialog: Tov?
text: The cat purrs back at her. She takes the cat from her lap and
text: places it on the floor.
text: BROWN STREAKS cover her white blouse.
speaker_heading: MRS. CARVER (CONT'D)
dialog: Anybody hungry for desert?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. JEWISH DEFENSE LEAGUE - SUNDAY
scene_heading: "JEWISH DEFENSE LEAGUE - SUNDAY - 0800 Hrs - Year 5734" is
text: typed out sequentially over the image of the building.
scene_heading: EXT. JEWISH DEFENSE LEAGUE FRONT GATE - CONTINUOUS
text: The exterior resembles any walled private residence with a
text: front gate. The Hammer stands in front of the large, metallic
text: Star Of David vault-like gate and pushes the button next to
text: it. A COMPUTERIZED VOICE begins...
speaker_heading: COMPUTERIZED VOICE
dialog: Jew Confirmation Test initiated.
text: He's clearly irritated by this.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: You've gotta be kidding me. They're still
dialog: doing this?
speaker_heading: COMPUTERIZED VOICE
dialog: Please state your full Hebrew name.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Mordechai Baruch Netanyahoo.
text: The vault-like gate slides open in a futuristic manner, and
text: the Hammer steps in. The gate shuts behind him, and he finds
text: himself in an all white room. A microphone is placed by
text: another massive door directly in front of him.
speaker_heading: COMPUTERIZED VOICE
dialog: Please state the six dishes found on the
dialog: Passover Seder plate in alphabetical
dialog: order?
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Beitzah, Charoset, Chazeret, Karpas,
dialog: Maror, and Zeroa.
text: The second door slides open, and Morty steps forward into the
text: next room. Inside this room lies a single violin in a case.
speaker_heading: COMPUTERIZED VOICE
dialog: Please demonstrate musical aptitude.
text: The Hammer picks up the violin and begins to play 'Hava
dialog: Nagila.' He's pretty damn good at it. The next door slides
text: open, and Hammer steps forward into yet another room.
text: A drape, about four feet high off the floor, is stretched
text: into a semi-circle against the wall of the room.
speaker_heading: COMPUTERIZED VOICE (CONT'D)
dialog: Please step forward and remove your
text: undergarments.
text: The Hammer steps inside the drape, and drops his pants.
text: A panel on the wall opens, and a metal probe heads for his
text: shmekel. He is clearly uncomfortable with this bit of
dialog: testing.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Oooh. That's cold.
speaker_heading: COMPUTERIZED VOICE
dialog: Circumcision confirmed.
text: The door slides open, and the Hammer quickly pulls his pants
text: up as he steps into the next room. The room is completely
text: empty with the exception of a one way mirror on the front
text: wall by the door.
speaker_heading: COMPUTERIZED VOICE (CONT'D)
dialog: Final test initiated.
text: Nothing happens. The Hammer waits a few seconds, but quickly
text: becomes agitated.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Hello? Can anybody hear me? I think this
dialog: machine is broken or something. Hello?
dialog: (To himself)
dialog: This is ridiculous! I didn't even want to
dialog: come here. I shlep all the way out to the
dialog: middle of nowhere, for lord knows what
dialog: purpose, and...
text: We cut to the OTHER SIDE OF THE MIRROR. The Chief observes
text: the Hammer as he continues to whine. Next to them, a METER
text: with the label "WHINING SCALE" slowly grows in magnitude as
text: the Hammer continues to rant. The meter bars go from red to
text: yellow in color.
speaker_heading: HAMMER (CONT'D)
dialog: I am so unhappy with this situation. Why
dialog: Mordechai? Why do you always feel it
dialog: necessary to do what other people want
dialog: you to do? Why can't you be your own
dialog: man...
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: Come on. Come on.
text: The meter bars switch from yellow to green, finally passing
dialog: the '0 - Jewish' mark.
speaker_heading: CHIEF (CONT'D)
dialog: (To himself)
dialog: He's still got it.
text: Back inside with the Hammer, the doors slide open, revealing
dialog: the Chief to the Hammer.
speaker_heading: CHIEF (CONT'D)
dialog: Welcome back Hammer.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. JEWISH DEFENSE LEAGUE - HALLWAY - MOMENTS LATER
text: The Hammer and the Chief make their way down the hallway.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: Since you've been gone Hammer, some
dialog: things have changed around here. Our
dialog: agents are now subjected to a strict
dialog: physical training regiment. Take a look.
text: The Chief stops at a door labeled "Goldsmith's Gym." The sign
text: is illustrated with a picture of a Hasidic Jew squatting a
text: dumbbell a la Gold's Gym. The Chief opens the door.
scene_heading: INT. KARATE ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Inside, about FIVE or so HASIDS decked out in white Karate
text: gi's stand facing the door. By the front door, A GROUP
text: LEADER, notices the Hammer, and walks towards the door. He
text: bows with his hands folded in front of him as a sign of
dialog: respect.
text: The Hammer returns the gesture.
text: The Group Leader shakes his head in one last respect, and
text: then turns away from the Hammer as he goes back to his class.
text: On the back of his gi is written the word "JEW-DO."
speaker_heading: HAMMER
text: A minion practicing Jew-do, the deadly
dialog: fighting art. Cool.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: There's more. Follow me.
text: The two leave, and continue their walk down the hallway. An
text: agent with his back to camera fiddles with some HIGH-TECH
text: gadgetry that lines the walls.
speaker_heading: CHIEF (CONT'D)
dialog: We've even relaxed our centuries old
dialog: admissions criteria.
text: The Chief stops behind the man and taps him on the back.
text: SAMMY DAVIS JR. JR., the spitting image of Sammy, turns to
dialog: greet the two.
speaker_heading: CHIEF (CONT'D)
dialog: Mordechai Jefferson Carver, I'd like for
dialog: you to meet the Jewish Defense League's
text: first black Jewish agent. A close
dialog: personal friend of mine, agent Sammy
dialog: Davis Jr. Jr.
scene_heading: SAMMY DAVIS JR. JR.
dialog: The Hebrew Hammer? I've heard about this
dialog: cat. Your beautiful babe. Keep on keeping
dialog: on.
text: The Hammer is a bit taken back.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Alright. I'll, uh, keep doing that.
text: Sammy's all smiles.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: Sammy, if you'll excuse us, Mordechai and
dialog: I have business to attend to.
scene_heading: SAMMY DAVIS JR. JR.
dialog: You two cats keeps purrin'.
scene_heading: INT. THE CHIEF'S OFFICE - DAY
dialog: Your standard 70's TV police Chief's office. The Hammer
text: enters and the Chief shuts the door behind him.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: Alright Mordechai, now that we're alone I
dialog: just want to say that I'm not happy about
dialog: this. I don't want a repeat of that
dialog: incident in the West Bank.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: I got the job done didn't I? I did what I
dialog: had to do.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
text: A settlement completely demolished, ten
text: smashed army jeeps, four dead Arabs. G
dialog: dash D damn it, Hammer! You think you're
dialog: above the Ten Commandments? Just find
dialog: Santa Claus and bring him back to us. No
dialog: heroics, got it?
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: (Smirks)
dialog: Hey, it's your Bar Mitzvah. I'm just
dialog: readin' the Torah portion.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: Well it's good to see that you can be so
text: nonchalant about the whole thing.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: (Thinking)
dialog: I guess I could be chalant about it, but
dialog: then again I'm not even sure if that's a
dialog: word. Listen Chief, we could stand around
dialog: arguing all day, but I gotta case to
dialog: crack.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: What's your first move?
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: I'm gonna pay a visit to the K.L.F. See
dialog: if they've got the 411 on Santa's
dialog: location. I'll check in with you when I
dialog: know more.
text: The Hammer heads for the door.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: You be careful Hammer.
text: The Hammer walks out the door. The Chief calls to him.
speaker_heading: CHIEF (CONT'D)
text: The fate of Hanukkah rests squarely on
dialog: your shoulders.
text: A beat passes, and then the Hammer walks back in.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Okay. You guys have seriously got to stop
dialog: with that stuff. That's a lot of pressure
dialog: to put on one Jew. I'm only human you
dialog: know. I'm already shvitzing about the
dialog: whole thing. You know, believe it or not,
dialog: I'm allowed to make mistakes, too. I can
dialog: only do the best that I can do, and
dialog: that's just gonna have to be good enough
dialog: for all of you.
text: A reaction shot of the befuddled Chief.
speaker_heading: HAMMER (CONT'D)
dialog: Just...just stop with that. Okay?
dialog: Alright, I'm out of here.
scene_heading: STAR OF DAVID WIPE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. GHETTO STREETS - DAY
text: We see various shots of the Hammer's Caddy. The grill, the
text: white wall tires, the fuzzy dreidel hanging from the rear
dialog: view mirror, etc. Very 'Superfly.'
scene_heading: EXT. KWANZAA LIBERATION FRONT - DAY
text: We start on an incredibly impressive looking building. Over
text: this we see the words "KWANZAA LIBERATION FRONT" typed out
text: sequentially. The camera than tilts down to reveal a Popeye's
dialog: Chicken.
text: A BLACK TEENAGER scouts the street with a pair of binoculars.
text: BINOCULAR POV - Instead of the usual two circles, we see the
text: world through two cutouts of the African continent. The
text: Hammer's Caddy pulls up.
speaker_heading: BLACK TEENAGER
dialog: Oh shit!
text: The teen runs inside.
text: The Hammer's Caddy pulls up to a stop right at camera, giving
text: us a full view of the license plate. It reads, "LCHAIM."
scene_heading: INT. KWANZAA LIBERATION FRONT HQ - MOMENTS LATER
text: A handful of BAAAD BROTHERS, decked out in a mixture of
text: African clothing and combat gear relax to the sounds of
text: mellow Blaxploitation music. 'KWANZAA NOW!' posters and other
text: Pro-Kwanzaa propaganda hang on the walls of the room, machine
text: guns rest idly against sofas, blunts are passed around.
text: We're talking Black Panthers here. A WHITE ACCOUNTANT counts
text: money at a card table to the side of the room.
text: The black teenager enters breathlessly.
speaker_heading: BLACK TEENAGER
dialog: Hey, yo, we got ourselves a visitor.
text: O.S., one of the BAAAD BROTHERS inquires.
speaker_heading: BAAAD BROTHER (O.S.)
dialog: Who is it?
speaker_heading: BLACK TEENAGER
dialog: It's some pimped out Hebrew dude in a
dialog: caddy.
text: The men scramble for their guns, inserting clips, and
dialog: removing safeties.
text: The front doors bust open, and we DOLLY into the Hammer.
text: All guns are trained on him.
text: From behind the frontline of gunmen, MOHAMMED, clearly the
text: leader of the operation, pushes his way through.
text: He walks towards the Hammer. You can feel the tension in the
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: MOHAMMED
dialog: The Hebrew Hammer! My main Kike!
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Mohammed Ali Paula Abdul Rahim. My main
dialog: nigga!
text: The two embrace in a warm hug. The White Accountant looks up
text: in shock from the card table. His nametag is clearly visible,
text: and it reads, "WHITE ACCOUNTANT." He points at Mohammed.
speaker_heading: WHITE ACCOUNTANT
dialog: You...you just called him a Kike.
text: He points to the Hammer.
speaker_heading: WHITE ACCOUNTANT (CONT'D)
dialog: And you. You just called him a Nigger.
text: The Hammer and Mohammed look to one another. They're having a
text: hard time understanding his concern.
speaker_heading: MOHAMMED
dialog: Well it's okay when we call each other
dialog: that.
text: The White Accountant thinks it over for a second.
speaker_heading: WHITE ACCOUNTANT
dialog: Oh.
text: The other Brothers put their guns down and go back to their
text: pre-Hammer activities, and the accountant takes his place
text: back at the card table.
text: Mohammed puts his arm around the Hammer.
speaker_heading: MOHAMMED
dialog: So Morde-chai, tell me, what brings your
dialog: bad self down to the KLF?
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: I'm back on the job for the JDL. You hear
dialog: about that crazy white boy who took over
dialog: as Santa?
speaker_heading: MOHAMMED
dialog: Oh, most definitely. Got the brothers
text: here in full alert mode.
text: The Hammer looks over at the Brothers smoking weed, making
text: out with their girlfriends, etc. Mohammed takes notice.
speaker_heading: MOHAMMED (CONT'D)
dialog: Gotta always be cool under pressure. You
dialog: know what I'm sayin.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: True dat. True dat. So, what's the word
dialog: on the street?
speaker_heading: MOHAMMED
dialog: Word is that papa's got a brand new bag,
dialog: and it's velvety red, and it ain't gonna
dialog: be overnight Fed-Exed to Jerusalem. If
dialog: you know what I mean.
text: This clearly flies over the Hammer's yarmulke.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Actually, I...I don't. What does that
dialog: mean?
speaker_heading: MOHAMMED
dialog: Oh. It means that Santa's gonna fuck
dialog: Hanukkah's shit up.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Not if I can help it. You got any
dialog: information for me?
speaker_heading: MOHAMMED
dialog: I don't. But I know somebody who does.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ROOM
text: Mohammed escorts the Hammer through a love beaded doorway
text: into a back room. Inside, JAMAL, a black elf, sits on a sofa.
text: A blunt hangs from his mouth and his arms are wrapped around
text: two GORGEOUS SISTERS.
speaker_heading: MOHAMMED (CONT'D)
dialog: Jamal, I'd like for you to meet the
dialog: Hebrew Hammer.
text: Jamal pulls his shades down slightly to get a better look.
speaker_heading: JAMAL
dialog: 'Sup.
speaker_heading: MOHAMMED
dialog: I'd like for you to tell him what you
dialog: told me.
speaker_heading: JAMAL
dialog: A'ight, a'ight, cool. Yo, it's like this.
dialog: That nigga Santy Claus be trippin'. First
text: that motherfucker kills his own pops,
dialog: then he start talkin' 'bout bustin a cap
text: in Hanukkah's ass. Next, the racist
dialog: motherfucker kick my ass out the
dialog: workshop, sayin' that there ain't no room
dialog: for no little colored elves like me. Can
dialog: you believe that shit? Yo, if it wasn't
dialog: for the arthritis in my joints, you best
dialog: believe that I'd be...
text: Jamal makes the sideways gun holding gesture, and mock pulls
dialog: the trigger.
speaker_heading: JAMAL (CONT'D)
dialog: ...blam! blam! blam! Bustin' caps all up
dialog: in his ass. You know what I'm sayin'?
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Is there anything else you can tell me?
dialog: His hangouts, his next move, anything?
text: Jamal thinks for a second.
speaker_heading: JAMAL
dialog: Well, come to think of it, there is one
dialog: thing. Before I left, I was packin' up my
dialog: shit and I overheard the nigga talkin' to
dialog: some business pahtnah or something. Sayin
dialog: that he'd meet him today at some joint
dialog: called Duke's. Round five o'clock if my
text: memory serves. When he got off the phone
dialog: and jetted, I scoped the room for some
dialog: jewelry, cash, whatevers. You know, a
dialog: severance package. Didn't find any
dialog: duckets, but I did snatch this.
text: Jamal pulls out a matchbbok from his pocket. The front cover
text: reads, "DUKE'S - WHERE SKIN IS IN." He hands it to the
dialog: Hammer.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Thanks little brother, you've been a big
dialog: help.
speaker_heading: JAMAL
dialog: Shit fool, ain't no thang. If it wasn't
dialog: for my real brothers here at the K.L.F.,
dialog: I'd be shining shoes at the train station
dialog: or getting my afro tossed up against a
dialog: velcro wall in some redneck bar
dialog: somewhere. I finally gots a place where I
dialog: belong. Fuck Christmas. I'm all about
dialog: smoking blunts and pimpin' bitches. I'm
dialog: all about Kwanzaa nigga!
text: Mohammed and the Hammer head towards the door.
speaker_heading: MOHAMMED
dialog: He's new. He's still got a long way to go
text: before he understands the true meaning of
dialog: Kwanzaa.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Thanks again Mo, you always deliver the
dialog: goods.
speaker_heading: MOHAMMED
dialog: You watch your back Hammer. Hanukkah
dialog: might just be his first move. For all we
dialog: know Kwanzaa could be next. There's a lot
dialog: of brothers counting on you. If you
dialog: fail...
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Okay, look. I'm going to work really,
dialog: really hard on this one. But, please stop
text: with the pressure. I'm already tense as
dialog: it is.
speaker_heading: MOHAMMED
dialog: It's cool. It's cool. Aveenooh Shalom
dialog: Alechem, brother.
text: Mohammed pounds his fist against his chest and then raises
text: it. The Hammer returns the gesture.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Alekem Salam.
scene_heading: STAR OF DAVID WIPE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET - AFTERNOON
text: The Hammer's Caddy drives past a sneaky looking SALVATION
text: NAVY GUY. We do your standard BLAXPLOITATION ZOOM into him as
text: he begins to speak into the lapel of his uniform.
scene_heading: INT. SANTA'S WORKSHOP - CONTINUOUS
text: Santa holds a walkie-talkie in hand and we the hear the voice
text: of the Salvation Navy Guy. Although behind him hangs a banner
text: reading, "SANTA'S WORKSHOP," the interior is a run down
text: sweatshop.
speaker_heading: SALVATION NAVY GUY (O.S.)
text: It's me. He's on his way.
speaker_heading: SANTA
dialog: Excellent. Everything is going as
dialog: planned.
text: Santa puts the walkie-talkie down, and addresses somebody
dialog: O.S.
speaker_heading: SANTA (CONT'D)
dialog: With the Hebrew Hammer out of the
dialog: picture, Hanukkah will be nothing more
dialog: than a confusing and hard to pronounce
dialog: word. I want to thank you very much Jamal
dialog: for all of your help.
text: We cut to the other side to reveal whom he's speaking to.
text: Jamal, the same black 'elf' from the Kwanzaa Liberation Front
text: sits at the table across from Santa.
speaker_heading: JAMAL
dialog: Pfff. Shit nigga, ain't no thang. Hey, yo
dialog: Santy Claus, so does this mean that you
dialog: gonna make me an official elf now?
speaker_heading: SANTA
dialog: Can you believe this guy Tiny Tim?
text: Santa looks over to TINY TIM. Unshaven, not so tiny anymore,
text: and still on crutches, Tiny Tim's grown up since 'A Christmas
dialog: Carol.' A common street thug. C'mon, did you seriously think
dialog: that Scrooge would give free handouts to the Cratchit family
dialog: forever?
text: Tiny Tim shrugs his shoulders.
speaker_heading: SANTA (CONT'D)
dialog: Take a look around you Jamal. Do you see
dialog: any colored midgets in my workshop?
text: A shot of a couple of the same elves from the conference room
text: slaving away on the assembly line.
speaker_heading: SANTA (CONT'D)
dialog: Your presence would be a disruption to
dialog: the utopian model of efficiency I've
dialog: created here.
speaker_heading: JAMAL
dialog: That's some cold shit.
text: The ELVES appear to be struggling with the speed at which the
text: products move down the assembly line. The HEAD ELF steps out
text: from the assembly line and addresses Santa.
speaker_heading: HEAD ELF
dialog: Utopian model of efficiency my ass! Ever
dialog: since you took charge, this place has
dialog: been more like a sweatshop.
text: The other elves stop working and vocalize their agreement
dialog: with the Head Elf.
speaker_heading: HEAD ELF (CONT'D)
dialog: We know our rights Santa! You're in
dialog: violation of the union regulations! We're
dialog: going on strike!
text: The other elves shout out their approval. Santa takes it all
dialog: in stride.
speaker_heading: SANTA
dialog: You know something, you're right.
text: The Head Elf is taken aback by what seems to be a glimpse of
dialog: compassion on Santa's part.
speaker_heading: HEAD ELF
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: SANTA
dialog: Yeah. This is a sweatshop. And since you
dialog: elves aren't willing to do the work, I
dialog: made arrangements to have some Taiwanese
dialog: children shipped over. And I might add,
dialog: they're more than willing to work for
dialog: peanuts.
text: Santa performs the two fingered whistle.
speaker_heading: SANTA (CONT'D)
dialog: Come on in boys!
text: A group of FIVE TAIWANESE BOYS file past Santa towards the
dialog: assembly line.
text: As each child passes Santa, he hands them each a bag of
speaker_heading: PEANUTS.
text: At the assembly line, the Taiwanese boys move like lightning
text: as they gift wrap boxes clearly labeled "NIKEY," "KATHY LEE
text: CLOTHING COMPANY," and "STARSTRUCKS COFFEE."
text: The elves, including Jamal, watch in amazement at their
dialog: agility and efficiency.
text: Defeated, they shuffle out of the workshop.
speaker_heading: TINY TIM
dialog: So, what's our first plan of attack
dialog: Santa?
speaker_heading: SANTA
dialog: While I was in Taiwan negotiating the
dialog: solution to our labor problems, I came
dialog: across a factory that illegally
dialog: manufactures the most addictive, Jewish
text: pride weakening substance on the planet.
dialog: I bought the entire plant.
text: Santa walks over to a FED-Y truck overflowing with large
text: brown cardboard boxes marked 'PRODUCT.'
speaker_heading: SANTA (CONT'D)
dialog: I want you and your men to target every
dialog: young person in the Jewish neighborhoods
dialog: of every major city of this country. I
dialog: want you to flood their streets with this
dialog: product.
speaker_heading: TINY TIM
dialog: What should I charge?
speaker_heading: SANTA
dialog: Oh, that's the beauty of it. These are
dialog: free samples.
text: Tiny Tim's curiosity is peaked.
speaker_heading: TINY TIM
dialog: So what's in the boxes? Heroin? Cocaine?
speaker_heading: SANTA
dialog: Worse.
text: Santa slits open one of the boxes with a large knife and
text: pulls out a VIDEOCASSETTE generically labeled, "It's A
dialog: Wonderful Life."
speaker_heading: SANTA (CONT'D)
dialog: Bootleg copies of the Frank Capra
dialog: classic, 'It's A Wonderful Life.'
speaker_heading: TINY TIM
dialog: That's some cold shit.
scene_heading: STAR OF DAVID WIPE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. DUKE'S BAR - DAY
text: HARD CORE PUNK music pours out from the inside of the bar.
text: The Hammer walks into frame and looks up at the sign. He
text: curiously notes the ASTRO TURF spread across the pavement,
text: and then makes his way for the front door.
scene_heading: INT. DUKE'S BAR - AFTERNOON
text: We DOLLY into the Hammer as he pushes open the WESTERN STYLE
dialog: doors.
text: The MUSIC comes to a SCREECHING STOP. We HOLD ON HIS CU as he
text: looks around.
text: We cut to the other side to get a look at what he sees - A
text: bar of about TEN SKINHEADS staring back at him dumbfounded.
text: Skinhead paraphernalia adorns the walls.
text: The Hammer maintains his cool, takes a deep breath, and then
text: walks towards the bar.
text: We cut to a FLOOR LEVEL shot as his STAR OF DAVID SPURS
text: jangle as he continues his walk to the bar.
text: He steps up to the counter, where a SKINHEAD BARTENDER with a
text: Manson-like swastika inked on his forehead studies him
dialog: curiously.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Manischewitz. Straight up.
scene_heading: SKINHEAD BARTENDER
dialog: Usually we don't serve your kind. But
dialog: since you had the balls to walk in here,
dialog: Kike, I'll pour you one last drink before
dialog: we lynch you.
text: The bartender reaches for a bottle of cherry flavored
text: Manischewitz wine. The Hammer interrupts him by clearing his
dialog: throat.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Actually, can I have the black label?
text: The Bartender eyeballs him, and then grabs the bottle of
text: Black Label Manischewitz. He grabs a glass from the rack, and
text: begins to pour.
speaker_heading: HAMMER (CONT'D)
dialog: I figure if this is my last drink, you
dialog: might as well leave the bottle.
text: The bartender stops pouring and places the bottle on the bar.
scene_heading: SKINHEAD BARTENDER
dialog: Be my guest.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Do you guys take Shekels? I just got back
dialog: from a trip in Israel, and all I've got
text: is a fistful of Shekels.
text: He drops a fistful of Shekels on the bar.
text: A FEW SKINHEADS slowly begin to approach the bar.
text: The Hammer picks up the bottle and begins to examine it.
speaker_heading: HAMMER (CONT'D)
dialog: 5733. That was a good year for me.
text: With one swift motion, the Hammer spins the bottle up to grab
text: it by the neck, and thwacks the bartender on the head with
dialog: it.
text: All of the OTHER OCCUPANTS in the bar jump out of their
text: seats, encircling the Hammer.
text: We do a QUICK PUSH into the Hammer as he pulls out TWO SAWED
text: OFF SHOTGUNS from underneath his coat.
speaker_heading: HAMMER (CONT'D)
dialog: Shabat Shalom, motherfuckers.
text: He points his weapons, and we...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. DUKE'S BAR - CONTINUOUS
text: A WIDE SHOT of the bar. The camera is STATIONARY. We hear the
text: sound of SHOTGUNS BLASTING and then the sounds of intense
text: FIGHTING. A few seconds of the fighting sounds pass.
text: Suddenly, the front doors bust open and a few bloodied
text: Skinheads fall out onto the ground, followed by the Hammer.
text: He's untouched, and he carries the bottle of Manischewitz in
text: one hand and a shotgun in the other.
text: He stops in the MIDGROUND, and pours the Manischewitz out on
text: the astroturf lawn in a methodical manner.
text: He approaches FOREGROUND, and pulls out something from his
text: jacket pocket.
text: We see a CU of the same matchbook the elf gave him. "DUKE'S -
dialog: WHERE SKIN IS IN."
text: He lights a match and tosses it over his shoulder. We hear
text: the sounds of bursting flames.
text: The Hammer puts his sunglasses on, and walks straight past
dialog: the camera.
text: We pull back into a SPINNING OVERHEAD to reveal flames in the
text: shape of the STAR OF DAVID burning on the lawn.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
scene_heading: PUSHERMAN MONTAGE
text: Curtis Mayfield's 'Pusherman' FADES UP, and we cut into a
text: STILL PHOTO of Tiny Tim with his arms around two Hasidic boys
text: in an a alley. The SCREEN DIVIDES INTO THIRDS as we see CU's
text: of each character smiling. Stills are constantly replaced in
text: time with the music. We see a still of MONEY BEING EXCHANGED,
text: then HANDS BEING SHAKEN. Then a still of a VIDEOCASSETTE
text: BEING PLACED INTO A VCR, A HASIDIC KID WATCHING THE TV, etc.
dialog: The music continues as we...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. JEWISH HOME - DAY
dialog: Maccabee, the same kid the Hammer gave the Hanukkah present
text: to earlier in the film, sits glued to his television set.
text: O.S. from the television we hear someone approximating Zuzu
dialog: from the film 'It's A Wonderful Life' say...
speaker_heading: TELEVISION SET
dialog: Papa, Papa! Mommy says that every time
text: you hear the sound of a bell ringing an
dialog: angel gets his wings!
text: A JEWISH MOTHER calls to her son from O.S.
speaker_heading: JEWISH MOTHER (O.S.)
dialog: Maccabee! It's time to light the menorah!
text: Maccabee looks over his shoulder in disgust, and then CRANKS
text: UP THE VOLUME on the film until all other sounds are drowned
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: CUT BACK TO:
scene_heading: PUSHERMAN MONTAGE
text: More STILLS depicting the sale and distribution of the
text: videocassettes.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ANOTHER JEWISH HOME - NIGHT
text: A second ADDICT JEWISH CHILD is glued to his TV set. Drool
text: slowly makes its way down his chin. He gets up, and we FOLLOW
text: him into the living room where we find his PARENTS. His
text: father reads a newspaper, while his mother is absorbed in her
dialog: knitting.
scene_heading: ADDICT JEWISH CHILD
dialog: Mom, dad. How come you made me Jewish?
text: His parents look to one another in absolute shock.
speaker_heading: CUT BACK TO:
scene_heading: MORE PUSHERMAN MONTAGE
text: More STILLS...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. YET ANOTHER JEWISH HOME - DAY
text: An ADOLESCENT HASIDIC BOY backs his way through the front
text: door into the kitchen. He's carrying an incredibly large
scene_heading: CHRISTMAS TREE.
text: We cut to a shot of HIS FAMILY, who watch this all go down as
text: they sit at the kitchen table.
text: The Adolescent Hasid finally gets the tree into the house,
text: and turns to see the rest of his family staring at him,
text: mouths agape.
scene_heading: ADOLESCENT HASIDIC BOY
dialog: What? It's a Hanukkah bush.
text: The family remains expressionless.
text: The glass in his mother's hand, slips from her grasp and
text: shatters on the kitchen floor.
scene_heading: EXT. JEWISH GHETTO STREET - DAY
text: The Hammer's Caddy cruises slowly down the street.
scene_heading: INT. HAMMER'S CADDY - CONTINUOUS
text: Things definitely seem odd. The Hammer looks out his left
text: window. TWO Hasidic CHILDREN decorate a giant Christmas tree
text: on the street.
text: He looks to his right. A GROUP of HASIDIC kids sing Christmas
dialog: Carols.
text: The Hammer looks through his front windshield. A kid is
text: standing right in the middle of the road!
text: The Hammer slams on his breaks, skidding to a stop just
dialog: inches from the kid. It's Shlomo (remember the kid the Hammer
text: helped with the Yarmulke earlier?), and he has a strange
text: glazed look in his eyes. Shlomo holds a videocassette in his
dialog: hand.
text: The Hammer steps out of the Caddy, leaving his car door open.
text: We hear the annoying beep, beep, beep door ajar sound.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Shlomo, you okay?
speaker_heading: SHLOMO
dialog: (Dreamily)
dialog: Mommy says that every time you hear the
text: sound of a bell ringing, an angel gets
dialog: his wings!
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Huh.
text: The car door beeps again. The kid looks to it, and the Hammer
text: follows his gaze.
speaker_heading: SHLOMO
dialog: Mommy says that every time you hear the
text: sound of a bell ringing, an angel gets
dialog: his wings!
text: The Hammer is baffled. He looks down at Shlomo's hand and
text: spots the videocassette. He grabs it from him and examines at
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Bootleg 'It's A Wonderful Life' from
dialog: Taiwan.
text: The Hammer inspects the tape a little longer, and then gives
dialog: the label a huge lick.
speaker_heading: HAMMER (CONT'D)
dialog: Sixty five percent pure. Damn! People
dialog: could get hurt watching this shit.
dialog: (To Shlomo)
dialog: Come with me.
text: A POV shot from inside the Hammer's trunk as it opens. Hammer
text: stands with Shlomo.
text: Inside the trunk we see a box of videos. The three on top
text: read, "Fiddler On The Roof," "Yentl," and "Chaim Potok's The
text: Chosen." The Hammer grabs a copy of the Chosen and hands it
dialog: to Shlomo.
speaker_heading: SHLOMO
dialog: Chaim Potok's The Chosen?
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Get yourself home and watch this as soon
dialog: as possible.
text: A HASIDIC KID ON A BIKE with a Christmas tree in tow rides
text: past the two. One of the ornaments makes a tinkling sound.
speaker_heading: SHLOMO
dialog: Mommy says that every time you hear the
text: sound of a bell ringing, an angel gets
dialog: his wings!
text: The Hammer slaps him out of his spell.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Hey, hey, hey! You can beat this. Now get
dialog: going.
scene_heading: EXT. JEWISH GHETTO STREET - MOMENTS LATER
text: The Hammer dials a number on the payphone. As he dials, he
text: verbalizes the number he's calling.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
scene_heading: 555-55-555-55555...
text: The Hammer struggles with the last number, but then quickly
dialog: remembers.
speaker_heading: HAMMER (CONT'D)
dialog: ...5.
text: It rings once, and then we hear the other line pick up.
scene_heading: INT. CHIEF'S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
text: The Chief's on the other end.
scene_heading: INTERCUT PHONE CONVERSATION
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Chief, it's me. Listen carefully. I need
dialog: for the Worldwide Jewish Media Conspiracy
dialog: to mass produce video copies of every
dialog: Hollywood movie ever made featuring a
text: positive Jewish protagonist as its lead.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: You mean you want us to make copies of
text: Yentl, Fiddler On The Roof, and Chaim
dialog: Potok's The Chosen?
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: That'll work. Get them out to the Jewish
dialog: community stat. We got an epidemic on our
dialog: hands.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: We're on it Hammer. How'd you do with
dialog: Santa?
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: It was a trap. I'm back at square one.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: Well, then I've got good news for you. We
dialog: just got word that he'll be making an
dialog: appearance at the Mall Of America today.
dialog: I'm sending Esther to meet you there at
dialog: once.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Good thinking. We'll disguise ourselves
text: as a Gentile couple to pass undetected.
dialog: Now that he thinks I'm dead, this should
dialog: be a piece of homentashen.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: One last thing Hammer. You take care of
dialog: yourself. The...
text: We cut back to the Hammer on the payphone. He holds the
text: receiver away from his ear. He doesn't want to hear this.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: The fate of Hanukkah. Right. Right. Yeah,
dialog: Got it. Will do. Okay, bye now.
text: He hangs up and leaves.
scene_heading: STAR OF DAVID WIPE TO:
scene_heading: INT. MALL OF AMERICA - DAY
text: 'Merry Christmas' decorations and signage dominate the
text: landscape of the establishing shot of the Mall.
text: Tiny Tim, walkie-talkie in hand, surveys this Christmas
text: Wonderland with smug satisfaction. He spots a small, barely
text: visible Hanukkah decoration poking out from beneath one of
text: the other Christmas decorations.
text: He rips it from the wall and tosses it into a small trashcan
text: bonfire.
text: Tiny Tim speaks into his the walkie-talkie.
speaker_heading: TINY TIM
text: One partridge in a pear tree to two
dialog: turtle doves. What's your status?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: ANOTHER PART OF THE MALL
text: Two adult sized Santa's Helpers, TONY AND MIKEY stand with
text: walkie-talkies behind the nightclub velvet ropes, and hold
text: back the throngs (15-20 extras) of screaming children
text: attempting to make their way past the red curtain to see
text: Santa. A huge 'Citizen Kane'/Big Brother style poster with a
text: menacing picture of Santa looms behind them. It reads, "SANTA
text: CLAUS: HE KNOWS IF YOU'VE BEEN NAUGHTY OR NICE."
text: Santa's staging area is very Studio 54. Both Tony and Mikey
text: are decked out in Addidas warm up pants, gold chains, etc.
text: Tony, very Guido in his mannerisms, replies into his
dialog: walkie...
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Nothing stirring here.
text: A little BLONDE GENTILE GIRL tugs on Tony's sleeve.
scene_heading: BLONDE GENTILE GIRL
dialog: Can I be next? Please, please!
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Let's get a look at you, shall we.
text: The Gentile Girl pulls her Power Muff Girls T-shirt down,
text: allowing the two to get a better look at it.
speaker_heading: TONY (CONT'D)
dialog: A power muff girls T. Very nice.
dialog: Alright, now spin around.
text: She twirls for the two.
speaker_heading: TONY (CONT'D)
dialog: Very nice! Alright. You're cool. Go on
dialog: and see Santa, sunshine.
text: A pushy, FRECKLE FACED GENTILE BOY steps out of line and
text: approaches the two.
scene_heading: FRECKLE FACED GENTILE BOY
dialog: That's not fair! How come she gets to go
dialog: next? We were here first!
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Oh really! Is that a fact? Well guess
dialog: what buddy? You ain't gettin' in to see
dialog: Santa today, so why don't you just turn
text: around and high tail it home.
text: The kid begins to sob uncontrollably.
scene_heading: FRECKLE FACED GENTILE BOY
dialog: But I've been waiting to see Santa all
dialog: year.
text: Tony apes him.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: But I've been waiting to see Santa all
dialog: year.
text: The kid is a pathetic mess.
speaker_heading: TONY (CONT'D)
dialog: You heard me. Get moving punk!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: The Hammer and Esther scope out the area. The Hammer is
text: disguised terribly, consisting of a baseball hat on top of
text: his Shtreml, and a Jesus Fish T-shirt worn over his black
text: suit. Esther's visibly nervous.
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: Any sign of Santa?
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: He must be behind that curtain. Relax.
dialog: We're undercover. We need to give off the
dialog: appearance of calm. You see Esther, the
dialog: trick to undercover work is to try and
dialog: blend in. Act as a Gentile would.
text: The two pass a samples booth. The FREE SAMPLES WOMAN solicits
dialog: the Hammer.
speaker_heading: SAMPLES WOMAN
dialog: Could I interest you in a free sample
dialog: bacon cheeseburger?
text: We get a CU of the burger followed by a CU of the Hammer.
text: He's mortified, but he pulls it together.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: While I thank you, Gentile friend, for
dialog: your generous offer of that deliciously
dialog: unkosher snack, I sadly have to decline
dialog: for I stuffed myself full of meat and
text: milk product at a prior lunch engagement.
text: The Sample Woman looks at him strangely as the Hammer and
text: Esther walk on.
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: You're good.
text: The two take their place at the end of the line in to see
dialog: Santa.
text: Tony performs the two fingered whistle.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Can I have everyone's attention please.
dialog: In fifteen minutes, Santa's gonna have to
dialog: leave.
text: The kids all vocalize their disappointment.
speaker_heading: TONY (CONT'D)
dialog: Ah, don't be like that kids. We gotta lot
dialog: work to do if we're gonna get all those
text: presents out in time.
text: The kids aren't buying it. More boos and protests of
dialog: disapproval.
speaker_heading: TONY (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey! Hey! You want shitty ass presents
dialog: for Christmas? You want Barbies with
dialog: heads screwed on backwards? You want
dialog: remote control cars without the batteries
dialog: included. Then be my fucking guest!
text: Tony spits and grabs his crotch as he turns back around to
text: take his place in front of the velvet ropes.
text: Esther surveys their place in line. It's about fifteen deep.
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: What are we going to do? We're at least
text: an hour from the front.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: C'mon follow me.
text: The two make their way up to the front of the line. They pass
text: a man who looks eerily like ex-rapping god, MC HAMMER.
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: (To Hammer)
dialog: Is that...? No, couldn't be.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Hey, hey! Not so fast.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: We have to get through. It's an
dialog: emergency.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Sorry pal, you're gonna have to wait in
dialog: line just like all the other parents.
text: Esther adjusts her bust. She's incredibly sexy in her tight
text: fitting denim jacket. She smiles flirtatiously at the Elves.
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: We're so sorry to have to cut, but our
dialog: beautiful Gentile boy ran on ahead of us
dialog: in line.
text: She puts her hand on Tony's bicep and smiles once again.
speaker_heading: ESTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: It would mean so much to Paul and I if
dialog: you'd let us through to see Santa.
text: Tony is putty in her hands.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Well...umm, when you put it that way.
dialog: Sure go on through.
text: Tony unhinges the rope, and the two pass. The Hammer leans
text: over to Esther.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: You're good!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INSIDE THE CURTAIN
text: JIMMY, an adorable six year old sits on Santa's lap. Santa's
text: assistants, two busty blondes named BAMBI and TAWNI, flank
dialog: his chair.
speaker_heading: SANTA
dialog: And what do the Jewish people do during
dialog: Hanukkah?
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: They worship the devil and sacrifice
dialog: small Gentile children like me in
text: bizarre, sadistic rituals.
speaker_heading: SANTA
dialog: That's right. Santa can tell that you've
dialog: been a very good boy this year. Run along
dialog: now Jimmy.
text: Bambi and Tawni escort Jimmy out, and re-enter with Esther
text: and the Hammer. Santa's confused.
speaker_heading: SANTA (CONT'D)
dialog: Sorry folks, I don't do couples.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: If you keep your mouth shut and come with
dialog: me, you won't get hurt.
speaker_heading: SANTA
dialog: Excuse me? Do I know you, friend? Take a
dialog: look around you. Do you even know who I
dialog: am?
text: The Hammer rips off his baseball hat and T-shirt. Santa
dialog: gasps.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Let me guess, you're the goy who stole
dialog: Hanukkah.
speaker_heading: SANTA
dialog: The Hebrew Hammer! You're alive.
text: The Hammer takes out his gun and points it Santa.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: What's your shpiel, Santa?
speaker_heading: SANTA
dialog: Whoa, whoa there. C'mon Mordechai, is
dialog: this any way to treat an old family
dialog: friend? Let's cut out all the
dialog: unpleasantness. I admit, I went way
dialog: overboard with the whole Hanukkah thing.
dialog: Let me make it up to you. How about a
dialog: peace offering?
dialog: (To Bambi and Tawni)
dialog: Girls.
text: Santa snaps his fingers, and Bambi and Tawni drape themselves
text: on either side of the Hammer, rubbing his arms erotically.
speaker_heading: SANTA (CONT'D)
dialog: Bambi. Tawni. I'd like for you to meet
dialog: world renown Semitic super stud,
dialog: Mordechai Jefferson Carver.
text: Bambi speaks with a thick Southern drawl.
speaker_heading: BAMBI
dialog: Oh, I declare I just love Jewish men.
dialog: They're so sensitive and well read.
text: Esther is clearly jealous.
text: The Hammer's enjoying the attention. He looks down at Bambi's
text: breasts. We're talking HUGE, obviously augmented boobolas. A
text: large crucifix chain hangs around her neck, nestled in
text: between the mounds of silicone. We hear the requisite DING as
text: it sparkles.
text: The Hammer is released from the sexual spell of the Gentile
dialog: Seductress.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Sorry Santa. I like my women like my
text: matzah. Unleavened.
text: The girls move away from the Hammer. Esther smiles at the
text: Hammer's resolve.
speaker_heading: HAMMER (CONT'D)
dialog: This is where you go down.
text: Suddenly, Tony draws the curtain back.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Hey, hurry it up in there. We gotta bunch
dialog: of kids...
text: He sees the Hammer with his gun pointed at Santa's head.
speaker_heading: TONY (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh shit!
text: Esther pulls out her piece and points it at Tony.
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: Back it up buddy!
text: He does. The entire crowd of children can now see what's
text: happening. Hushed, fearful whispers. MC Hammer steps out of
dialog: line and pleads...
speaker_heading: MC HAMMER
dialog: Please Hammer, don't hurt em'!
text: The Hammer does a double take. MC Hammer gives a "Did I just
dialog: say that?" expression.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Let's do this clean. I don't want to make
text: a scene Santa.
text: Santa stands up slowly with his hands raised.
speaker_heading: SANTA
dialog: Well, it's a bit too late for that now,
dialog: isn't it? Excuse me children, if I could
dialog: have your attention for a moment.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: SANTA
dialog: I'm just calming the kiddies.
dialog: (To children)
dialog: There's no need to worry about Santa.
dialog: He's just having a peaceful, adult
dialog: conversation with his nice Jewish friend,
dialog: The Hebrew Hammer.
text: The Hammer plays along, raising his hand to keep the children
dialog: calm.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Hey everybody. How's it hangin'?
speaker_heading: SANTA
dialog: In fact, he's just informed me that he
dialog: personally plans on cancelling Christmas
dialog: this year.
text: The Hammer and Esther look to one another. This riles the
dialog: masses. Trouble.
speaker_heading: SANTA (CONT'D)
dialog: Why don't we show him how that makes us
dialog: feel.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: AN EMPTY SECTION OF THE MALL - MOMENTS LATER
text: We hold a few beats on a shot of this fairly untrafficked
text: portion of the mall.
text: Suddenly, Esther and the Hammer haul ass around the corner,
dialog: running for their lives.
text: A second or two pass, and an ANGRY MOB of about twenty
text: Gentile children round the corner after them. They're
text: definitely not in the Christmas spirit.
text: The Hammer and Esther take another turn. From the other
text: direction a SECOND MOB OF CHILDREN head straight at them.
text: The Hammer spots another corridor in front of them.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: C'mon!
text: They run about a hundred yards before they hit a wall. A dead
text: end! O.S. we can hear the throng of children nearing in the
speaker_heading: BG.
speaker_heading: THRONG (O.S.)
dialog: Where'd they go? I saw them go down that
dialog: hallway. C'mon, let's get em'!
text: Hammer turns to Esther defeated.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
text: It's over. We're doomed.
text: The barely audible sound of a gospelized version of the
text: Biblical slave song, "Let My People Go" sounds as if it's
text: coming from within the walls of the mall.
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: Shh. Shh, listen. Do you hear that?
text: The Hammer tries to place the source.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: What is that?
text: Suddenly, a panel on the wall slides open to reveal a door.
text: The other side of the door is dark, but it has a cavernous
dialog: feel to it.
text: An elderly Jewish woman, HARRIET TUBBELMAN, appears from out
text: of the doorway. She smokes a corncob pipe.
speaker_heading: HARRIET TUBBELMAN
dialog: Psst. Hammer, Esther. This way. Hurry!
text: Harriet escorts the two into the passageway, and the door
text: slides shut behind them.
scene_heading: INT. CAVERNOUS ROOM - MOMENTS LATER
text: We appear to be in what looks like the loading dock for an
dialog: 'It's A Small World After All' type water ride.
text: Harriet leads Esther and the Hammer into one of the waiting
text: cars. The cars kind of have a baby Moses straw basket theme
text: going on. The 'Let My People Go' song, piped from unseen
text: speakers, is now at full strength.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: You saved our lives. Thank you. How can I
dialog: ever repay you...?
speaker_heading: HARRIET TUBBELMAN
dialog: ...My name is Harriet Tubbelman, but you
dialog: can call me Moses. The only payment I ask
dialog: Mordechai, is that you keep Hanukkah safe
dialog: for us all.
text: She hands each of them a ticket and then lowers the lap
text: restraints for Hammer and Esther, testing them to make sure
dialog: they're secure.
speaker_heading: HARRIET TUBBELMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: You should be safe from here on out. Just
text: follow the river to it's conclusion.
text: She begins to walk away, but then catches herself as she
text: turns back to face them.
speaker_heading: HARRIET TUBBELMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh yeah, and keep your arms and legs
text: inside the water craft at all times.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Where are we? What is this place?
text: She smiles with great pride.
speaker_heading: HARRIET TUBBELMAN
dialog: Welcome to the Underground Jewish
dialog: Railroad. Just sit back, relax, and enjoy
dialog: the ride.
text: The brakes on the water craft release, and the craft makes it
text: way from the loading dock.
text: Wide eyed, Esther and Hammer check out their surroundings.
text: Hasidic Animatronic puppets sing of thousands of years of
dialog: Jewish oppression and persecution in an educational, yet
dialog: oddly entertaining way.
text: The Hammer puts his arm around Esther and continues to check
text: out the attraction in wonderment.
text: Esther secretly glances at him affectionately. It's clear
text: she's falling for him.
text: We cut to a wide shot as we watch the craft disappear down
text: the river. A funkdafied version of the "Let My People Go"
text: song FADES UP and over the gospel version from the ride.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY - DAY
text: We see a non-descript door in the middle of a brick wall. Two
text: turnstiles stand directly in front of the door. We can hear
text: the muffled sounds of the gospel version of "Let My People
text: Go." Scribbled on the wall is the graffiti phrase, "HANUKKAH
dialog: NOW!"
text: The door opens, and the obnoxiously loud music spills out
text: into the street. The Hammer and Esther exit, close the door,
text: and push their way past the turnstiles into the alley.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: That got annoying fairly quickly.
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: Yeah, no kidding.
text: A CARNIVAL WORKER stands behind a makeshift 'Underground
dialog: Jewish Railroad' booth.
speaker_heading: CARNIVAL WORKER
dialog: Tickets please.
text: The two hand the Carnival Worker their tickets.
speaker_heading: CARNIVAL WORKER (CONT'D)
dialog: Thanks for riding the Underground Jewish
dialog: Railroad. If you plan on returning today,
dialog: please make sure to get you hands stamped
dialog: before you leave the alley.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Nah, we're kosher. Thanks though.
text: The two walk past him. Esther turns to the Hammer.
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: So, now what?
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Now we wait for Santa to make his next
dialog: move.
text: He gives her a once over. She is stunning.
speaker_heading: HAMMER (CONT'D)
dialog: Want to get a drink?
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: Sure. Why not.
scene_heading: EXT. THE GOLDEN MENORAH - DAY
dialog: Your typical Blaxploitation bar. It could easily pass for the
text: Lenox Lounge in Harlem, with the exception of the large
text: menorah shaped sign out front.
scene_heading: INT. THE GOLDEN MENORAH - CONTINUOUS
text: We see a bar packed with ORTHODOX JEWS. A WALL separating the
text: men and women in the bar runs along the center of the room,
text: stopping about ten feet from the stage. Signs clearly
text: demarcate these 'MEN' and 'WOMEN' sections.
text: Onstage, a KLEZMER band plays a rendition of a to be
dialog: determined 70's funk classic.
text: Esther and the Hammer enter the joint. Mid song, the
text: BANDLEADER notices the two walk in...
speaker_heading: BANDLEADER
dialog: Hey! The Hebrew Hammer everybody!
text: The Hammer raises his hand in acknowledgment. The entire bar
text: cheers and applauds.
text: Hammer escorts Esther to a table on the woman's side of the
text: wall, and then walks around to the other side of the divider
text: where he takes a seat opposite the wall from her.
text: The band begins a rousing version of "Hava Nagila." A good
text: majority of the men in the bar rush to the dance floor and
text: begin dancing zealously with one another.
text: Esther shouts over the wall in an attempt to overcome the din
dialog: of the bar.
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: So, do you come here often!?
text: The Hammer struggles to hear. He shouts back to her.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: What was that!?
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: I said, do you come here often!?
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Oh. Yeah, about once a week!
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: What!?
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: I said, yeah, about once a week!
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: Oh!
text: A HASIDIC BAR PATRON approaches the Hammer and smiles.
speaker_heading: HASIDIC BAR PATRON
dialog: Would you like to dance?
text: We get another shot of the men dancing together, arm in arm,
text: on the dance floor.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: I'm okay right now. Thanks though.
text: As the Patron leaves, JOSHUA, another Hasidic man standing
text: directly behind him takes his place at the Hammer's table.
speaker_heading: JOSHUA
dialog: Hey Morty, wanna cut a rug?
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Nah, I'm good. I'm kind of here with
dialog: somebody.
text: The Hammer motions to the wall. Joshua looks as if his
text: feelings are hurt.
speaker_heading: JOSHUA
dialog: Oh. Okay. Maybe next time.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Yeah. Maybe next time Joshua. Take it
dialog: easy.
text: As Joshua leaves, we get a WIDER shot of the Hammer's table.
text: A LONG LINE OF MEN leads up to it.
text: CHAIM FEYGELE, an effeminate slick Hasidic man, chest hair
text: spilling out of his loosely buttoned butterfly collar shirt,
text: neck dripping with gold chains, steps up to the Hammer. He's
text: got a huge phoney smile plastered across his face.
speaker_heading: CHAIM FEYGELE
dialog: Well Shalom there mister!
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Do we know each other?
speaker_heading: CHAIM FEYGELE
dialog: No, but we have mutual friends.
text: Chaim points to the dance floor. Another shot of men dancing
text: with one another, arm in arm.
speaker_heading: CHAIM FEYGELE (CONT'D)
dialog: The name's Feygele. Chaim Feygele.
text: This guy is clearly making the Hammer nervous.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Mordechai. My friends call me Morty.
speaker_heading: CHAIM FEYGELE
dialog: So Morty, I just love a man in a black
dialog: suit. Care to dance.
text: Mordechai is flustered.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Uhhh. You know, I...have to go to the
dialog: bathroom. I'll be right back.
text: The Hammer gets up quickly and leaves.
text: We cut to Esther's side of the wall. The Hammer walks behind
text: her while she checks out the band on stage.
speaker_heading: HAMMER (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey there.
text: She turns around, pleasantly surprised.
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Do you want to get out of here?
text: She looks relieved.
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: I would love to get out of here.
scene_heading: INT. THE HAMMER'S PAD - NIGHT
text: A smooth, laid back Blaxploitation era song pumps from the
text: speakers. We do a SLOW PAN from the stereo into a TIGHT SHOT
text: of Esther and the Hammer slow dancing. Sexy. Esther grunts
text: and moans a bit.
text: We begin a SLOW ZOOM back from the two, eventually pulling
text: back far enough to see what Esther's moaning about. The
text: Hammer is a seriously terrible dancer, stepping on her toes,
text: forcing her into awkward positions, etc.
text: We see a CU of the Hammer accidentally stepping on her toes
dialog: yet again.
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: Ouch!
text: Esther pulls herself away from the Hammer.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Sorry. I'm better with men.
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: (Sensually)
dialog: Maybe we should try a different kind of
dialog: dancing.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: You mean like disco dancing or doing the
dialog: funky chicke...Oh. I get it.
text: We see a TIGHT MEDIUM SHOT of Esther. Her erect nipples are
text: clearly outlined through her blouse. Now, the Hammer's really
dialog: getting it.
speaker_heading: HAMMER (CONT'D)
dialog: Now we're talking Boobola.
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: Mordechai?
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Yes Esther.
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: I want you to talk dirty to me.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Oh. Okay.
text: He thinks for a moment.
speaker_heading: HAMMER (CONT'D)
dialog: I want to have lots of children by you.
dialog: Get a good paying, stable job. Settle
dialog: down in Long Island somewhere. Someplace
dialog: nice. Fancy. But not fancy schmancy.
text: She's warming up.
speaker_heading: HAMMER (CONT'D)
dialog: I want for our children to go to private
dialog: schools and take music lessons. Little
dialog: Abraham will go to Stanford for college,
dialog: Batya will go Ivy League, maybe Vassar.
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: Keep going.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Afterwards they'll make the decision as
dialog: to whether or not they'd like to continue
dialog: their religious studies in Israel.
dialog: Because, hey, after all we'll have
dialog: practiced the highly effective assertive
dialog: democratic style of child rearing,
text: sprinkled with a healthy dose of
dialog: liberalism.
text: She's on fire for him.
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: Oh god, yes! Keep going! Don't stop!
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Also, on a daily basis, I want you to
dialog: tell me what to do, where to do it, and
dialog: how I should live my life.
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: Kiss me you Semitic stud!
text: She grabs him and kisses him passionately.
speaker_heading: ESTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: (Playfully)
text: Hmm. I feel something poking around down
dialog: there. Maybe I should investigate. What
dialog: do you think about that Mr. Certified
dialog: Circumcised Dick?
text: She begins to unzip his pants. We cut to a shot of an excited
text: Mordechai as we hear the sound of the unzipping of his pants
text: reach its conclusion.
text: A CU on her as she looks down at his Jewish Manhood. A wide
text: eyed, almost shocked reaction. She slowly looks back to him
text: and smiles slyly.
speaker_heading: ESTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Shabat Shalom!
text: As the two embrace, we RACK FOCUS from the two of them in the
text: BG to the Hanukkah candles burning brightly on the menorah in
text: the FG. We blur out of focus.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK CITYSCAPE - MORNING
text: The sun rises over the city.
scene_heading: INT. HAMMER'S BEDROOM - MORNING
text: We start close on the Hammer's hand as he screws a light bulb
text: into his electric Menorah until it glows orange.
text: Esther caresses the Hammer's chest as the two enjoy a post
dialog: coital cigarette.
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: Wow, that was amazing.
text: The Hammer gives her ass a smack, and then picks up a
text: container filled with some kind of WHITE POWDER.
text: He snorts a bit of it off of the Star Of David chain that
text: hangs from his neck, and places the container of white powder
text: back in its place by the menorah.
text: Esther is mortified.
speaker_heading: ESTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: What did you just snort?
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Antihistamine. It's for my allergies. The
dialog: capsules make me gassy.
text: She relaxes.
speaker_heading: HAMMER (CONT'D)
dialog: You know, I've been thinking about what
dialog: Santa's got planned for us next. Maybe
dialog: he'll...
text: She cuts him off.
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: Your mother was right. You do work too
dialog: hard.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Oh, she said that, did she? What else did
dialog: Mommy Dearest have to say?
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: Well, she also said that you need to find
dialog: a nice girl to help take your mind off of
dialog: your work. I'm just glad she thought I
dialog: was good enough for you.
text: The Hammer sits up.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: When did you guys have this conversation?
dialog: When I was in the bathroom? What else did
dialog: she have to say?
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: Relax Morty, I think your mom is
dialog: wonderful. She cares so much about you.
dialog: Get this, while you were gone she said
dialog: she'd help me get you to work with the
dialog: JDL if I'd come eat by you once in
dialog: awhile. Like I needed any incentive to be
dialog: with you. She's so...
text: The Hammer goes into a fit.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: What? You made a deal with my mother to
dialog: sleep with me if I'd help you?!
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: No. Of course...
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: What does that make you? What does that
dialog: make me? And my mother. What does that
dialog: make her?
text: He makes a realization.
speaker_heading: HAMMER (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh my god. She's become my pimp. And
text: she's whoring her bitch-son out to the
dialog: highest bidder.
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: No. It's not like that. You're being
dialog: completely neurotic. I was just playing
dialog: along...
text: He thinks aloud.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Always meddling in my life. This is so
dialog: typical of her.
dialog: (To Esther)
dialog: But from you? I thought we had something
dialog: good here.
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: We do!
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: I'm sorry Esther, I just don't think we
text: can see each other romantically anymore.
text: The phone RINGS, and the Hammer picks it up.
speaker_heading: HAMMER (CONT'D)
dialog: Hammer here.
text: We WIPE INTO SPLIT SCREEN. The Chief is on the other end.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: Hammer, it's the Chief. We've got
dialog: ourselves a situation. Get yourself down
dialog: here, I've got something you need to see.
scene_heading: STAR OF DAVID WIPE TO:
scene_heading: INT. JEWISH DEFENSE LEAGUE - MAIN CHAMBER - DAY
text: The Star Of David vault-like doors open, and the Hammer and
text: Esther hurriedly enter the room. The Chief waits for them.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: Mordechai. Thank god you're here.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: What's up?
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: About an hour ago, we received this
text: transmission from the North Pole.
text: He clicks a button on a remote control, and static fills the
text: GIANT TELECOMMUNICATIONS SCREEN, eventually fading into the
text: image of a larger then life SANTA.
speaker_heading: SANTA
dialog: And now my Hanukkah loving friends, I
dialog: will reveal to you the true nature of my
dialog: diabolical scheme.
text: An image of a GIANT CLOCK in the shape of a Star Of David.
speaker_heading: SANTA (V.O.) (CONT'D)
text: The Jewish Atomic clock, located in the
dialog: outskirts of Jerusalem. Keeper of time
dialog: for the Jewish Calendar. Powered by
dialog: Judeum. An element so rare, it exists
text: only inside the clock itself.
text: We TILT down to reveal a BLUE GLOWING SUBSTANCE in its base.
text: Santa comes back on screen.
speaker_heading: SANTA (CONT'D)
dialog: Once I extract the Judeum from the clock,
dialog: the Jewish Calendar will cease to exist,
text: forever eradicating Hanukkah. In less
dialog: than twenty four hours, which by your
dialog: Jewish Calendar is approximately...
text: He struggles with this one. He looks at someone O.S. at the
dialog: North Pole.
speaker_heading: SANTA (CONT'D)
dialog: (To someone at North Pole)
dialog: Can I borrow that pen and notepad?
text: A notepad and pen are handed to him from O.S. Santa makes
text: some written calculations on the notepad. He's clearly having
dialog: trouble.
text: The Hammer and Esther exchange looks.
speaker_heading: SANTA (CONT'D)
dialog: (Uncertain)
dialog: Four years and three quarters a lunar
dialog: cycle?
dialog: (Shifting back into psycho
dialog: mode)
dialog: Well, whatever! In less than twenty four
dialog: Christian hours, Hanukkah will be nothing
text: more than a fond memory. Tiny Tim.
text: Tiny Tim hobbles into frame on his crutches.
speaker_heading: TINY TIM
dialog: Merry Christmas everybody, and god bless
dialog: us, everyone.
text: The two laugh hysterically.
speaker_heading: SANTA
dialog: End transmission.
text: The transmission, however, doesn't end. The two abruptly stop
text: laughing. Santa begins to talk to TINY TIM.
speaker_heading: SANTA (CONT'D)
dialog: So, how was I?
speaker_heading: TINY TIM
dialog: It was good. Very chilling, but you still
dialog: got all the points across that we talked
dialog: about.
speaker_heading: SANTA
dialog: Really? Good, good.
text: We cut to more confused reactions of the Hammer and Esther.
speaker_heading: SANTA (CONT'D)
dialog: I wasn't too over the top?
speaker_heading: TINY TIM
dialog: No, it was the perfect level.
speaker_heading: SANTA
dialog: Thanks. Oh, did I tell you. I picked up
dialog: that new KC and the Sunshine Band record
dialog: that you recommended. You were right, it
dialog: is good.
text: Santa looks towards the camera and begins to react strangely.
speaker_heading: SANTA (CONT'D)
dialog: (To O.S. Cameraman)
text: Why is the red light on the camera still
dialog: on? Are you still filming me!?
text: Santa approaches the camera.
speaker_heading: SANTA (CONT'D)
dialog: You fucking ass...
text: Static fills the screen.
text: The Hammer turns to the Chief.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Looks like I got a plane to catch.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: Take Esther with you, you'll need the
dialog: backup.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: No way, it's too dangerous. Besides, my
text: days of hooking are over.
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: You're not my bitch Mordechai. Please,
dialog: you have to believe me.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: Did I miss something here?
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: It's a long story. I'll explain when I
dialog: get back from saving the clock.
text: He turns his attention to Esther.
speaker_heading: HAMMER (CONT'D)
dialog: Alone.
text: The Hammer exits. Esther is dejected.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: Tail him. He's gonna need the help.
scene_heading: STAR OF DAVID WIPE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BEN GURION AIRPORT - ISRAEL - DAY
text: A STOCK FOOTAGE shot of an airplane landing. SUPERIMPOSED
scene_heading: OVER THE IMAGE are the words, "BEN GURION AIRPORT - ISRAEL."
speaker_heading: ISRAELI WOMAN'S VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: Shalom. Welcome to the Ben Gurion
dialog: airport. For ground transportation,
dialog: please proceed to Terminal 18.
text: We cut to the Hammer who's watching this stock footage of the
text: airplane landing on a TELEVISION SET by the "CHERTZ" car
dialog: rental counter.
scene_heading: INT. BEN GURION AIRPORT - CHERTZ CAR RENTAL COUNTER
text: The Hammer approaches the counter where a female ISRAELI
text: RENTAL AGENT stands waiting.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Do you speak English?
scene_heading: ISRAELI RENTAL AGENT
dialog: Yes. Chello.
text: The Ch sound she makes is accompanied by a whole lot of
text: spittle. The Hammer wipes his face, and then returns the
dialog: favor.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Chello.
text: She's unfazed. The Hammer continues.
speaker_heading: HAMMER (CONT'D)
dialog: I need to rent your biggest Cadillac.
text: Preferably lowered, with white wall
dialog: tires.
text: She checks her rental sheet.
scene_heading: ISRAELI RENTAL AGENT
dialog: I'm so sorry sir, but somebody just
dialog: rented our last Chadillac.
text: She nails him again. Seriously annoyed, he wipes his face
dialog: clean once more.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Well what else do you have?
scene_heading: ISRAELI RENTAL AGENT
dialog: Well, we do have a Ch...
text: The Hammer puts his hand up as a shield and cuts her off
dialog: quickly.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Whatever it is, I'll take it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ISRAELI OPEN HIGHWAY - DAY
text: 70's road music occupies the soundtrack as we see a shot of
text: the fast moving pavement of the open road. Slowly, we PULL
text: BACK to reveal the Hammer throttling a monstrous HARLEY
scene_heading: CHOPPER MOTORCYCLE.
text: The Hammer's Talis flaps wildly in the wind. His Shtreml
text: helmet is strapped on tight over his goggles.
text: The scenery, oddly enough, resembles the Mojave Desert.
text: We cut to a sign reading "THE WEST BANK PALMS: A GATED
text: COMMUNITY. COMING SOON!" On it, we see an illustration of a
text: housing compound surrounded by a remarkable amount of BARBED
speaker_heading: WIRE.
text: We PAN over to the highway as the Hammer zips past on his
dialog: motorcycle.
scene_heading: INT. ESTHER'S CADILLAC - CONTINUOUS
text: The Hammer, unaware of her presence, speeds by her large
text: Cadillac. She puts the car into gear.
scene_heading: EXT. ISRAELI OPEN HIGHWAY - CONTINUOUS
text: Tucked out of sight behind a billboard, Esther pulls off from
text: her side of the road and onto the highway in pursuit of the
text: Hammer. And yes, the car is lowered, with white walled tires.
text: The camera makes it way up to reveal a large ROADSIDE
text: BILLBOARD ARROW, resembling the ones you might see
text: advertising casinos on the drive into Vegas announces "THE
scene_heading: JEWISH ATOMIC CLOCK. 20 Kilometers."
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. JEWISH ATOMIC CLOCK - AFTERNOON
text: From the outside the J.A.C has the appearance of an
text: observatory. For no apparent reason, a small MOTORCYCLE RAMP
text: sits near the front door.
text: A single Fed-Y truck pulls into the dirt parking lot.
text: A gang of THUG ELVES spill out of the back of the truck as a
dialog: S.W.A.T. team would.
speaker_heading: HEAD ELF
dialog: Go, go, go!
text: The Head Elf jumps out, and out of frame.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: An ELF FLUNKY stand by a SMALL MOTORCYCLE RAMP, studying it
text: curiously. The Head Elf walks into frame.
speaker_heading: HEAD ELF (CONT'D)
dialog: What's this doing here?
speaker_heading: ELF FLUNKY
dialog: Not sure. I think it was left over from
dialog: an Israeli Robbie Kneivel television
dialog: special. You want me to get rid of it?
speaker_heading: HEAD ELF
dialog: No time. Besides, it's not like someone's
dialog: gonna jump their motorcycle into the
dialog: building while we're inside.
text: The HEAD THUG ELF points up towards the sky.
speaker_heading: HEAD ELF (CONT'D)
dialog: There's Santa now.
text: The Thug Elves look up to the sky, and we do an OVERHEAD PUSH
text: DOWN ON THEM as helicopter force winds blow their hats off.
text: The carriage of SANTA'S SLEIGH touches down on the ground.
text: Tiny Tim sits shotgun in the sleigh while Santa vomits
text: violently over the other side. Santa finishes up, and wipes
text: his mouth with his hand.
speaker_heading: TINY TIM
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: SANTA
dialog: No. I'm airsick you asshole! Where the
dialog: hell did these reindeer learn to fly?
speaker_heading: TINY TIM
dialog: I don't know. Why don't you ask them sir.
text: Santa takes this in.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Santa paces as a Drill Sargent would in front of the line of
text: harnessed reindeer. They're shivering in their hooves.
speaker_heading: SANTA
dialog: Who's the leader of this operation?
text: More scared reindeer faces. Comet furtively motions towards
text: Rudolph with his antlers. Santa sees this, marches quickly up
text: to Rudolph, and gets in his face.
speaker_heading: SANTA (CONT'D)
dialog: What's your major malfunction, dumbfuck!?
dialog: Rudolph's scared shitless.
speaker_heading: SANTA (CONT'D)
dialog: Step forward son!
text: Rudolph attempts to move forward, but the harness attachments
dialog: prevent him from doing so.
speaker_heading: TINY TIM
dialog: Uh, he can't sir. The harnesses.
text: You can feel the Robert Deniro-esque intensity boiling inside
dialog: of Santa.
speaker_heading: SANTA
dialog: You gonna learn to guide this sled right?
dialog: You gonna make sure your men follow suit?
dialog: Because if I'm puking down chimneys come
dialog: Christmas Eve, I'm gonna have your hide.
dialog: We clear?
text: Rudolph shakes his head. The bells on his harness tinkle.
text: Santa continues to stare down the reindeer as he walks away.
text: Rudolph is clearly broken, but continues staring back at
text: Santa as he makes his way out of frame. The expression on
text: Rudolph's face changes from fear to insolence as he angrily
text: follows the O.S. Santa.
text: Suddenly, Santa charges right back into frame, and places his
text: drawn gun to Rudolph's temple.
speaker_heading: SANTA (CONT'D)
dialog: You eyeballin' me son!?
text: Rudolph quickly looks away. Santa puts his gun back into his
text: belt, and then adjusts his suit and hat as if to regain his
dialog: composure.
text: Without warning, Santa throws a fake punch at Rudolph's face,
text: forcing the reindeer to flinch.
speaker_heading: SANTA (CONT'D)
dialog: I didn't think so.
scene_heading: INT. JEWISH ATOMIC CLOCK - MOMENTS LATER
text: Santa and his gang bust through the front doors, taking the
text: TWO GUARDS by surprise.
text: Santa's men quickly tie them up and duct tape their mouths
text: shut as if out of 'Gulliver's travels.' The guards are
text: dragged away out of frame.
text: Santa steps towards camera and surveys the room.
speaker_heading: SANTA
dialog: The Jewish Atomic Clock.
text: It's the kind of place where a giant telescope at an
text: observatory would be housed. The clock is breathtaking in its
text: size. On its face, in place of the standard numerals are the
dialog: names of Jewish holidays. For example, "Yom Kipur" is where
dialog: the twelve should be, followed by "Passover", etc. In the
text: center of the face, an odometer-like gauge reveals the year
text: '5734.' At its base, the brilliant blue Judeum glows
dialog: brightly.
text: Santa barks out orders.
speaker_heading: SANTA (CONT'D)
dialog: Get moving! We've got work to do!
text: One of the thugs pushes play on a ghetto blaster and the song
text: 'Santa Claus Is Coming To Town' begins to play.
text: A few of the thugs insert a bicycle pump into the Judeum
text: clock base and begin pumping.
scene_heading: EXT. ISRAELI HIGHWAY - LATE AFTERNOON
text: The Hammer is moments away from the J.A.C. compound. He spots
text: the motorcycle ramp, and then guns his engine. He's close!
scene_heading: INT. JEWISH ATOMIC CLOCK - CONTINUOUS
text: Inside, Santa and his thugs hear the sound of the Chopper
text: growing in strength. The ROAR of the engines is piercingly
text: loud! And then nothing.
text: A beat passes, and then the Hammer's motorcycle busts open
text: the front door.
text: An INSERT of the Hammer's bike skidding to a stop.
text: As Santa goes for his gun, the Hammer interrupts him...
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Uh. Can you just give me one second?
text: Santa is confused.
text: Still on the bike, the Hammer uses his feet to backpeddle the
text: motorcycle to the doorway. Looks of bewilderment from Santa
dialog: and his gang.
text: The Hammer reaches the doorway and kisses his hand. A John
text: Wooish SLO-MO shot as the Hammer touches his hand to the
text: mezuzah nailed to the doorframe.
text: The Hammer jumps off the bike, and we get the requisite QUICK
text: push in on him as he pulls out two Uzi's from under his
dialog: jacket.
speaker_heading: HAMMER (CONT'D)
dialog: Let's dance the hora!
text: Santa draws a pistol, and with a single shot from his Uzi,
text: the Hammer blows it out of his hand.
text: It lands on the other side of the room. Santa looks up from
text: his empty hand.
speaker_heading: SANTA
dialog: Get him boys!
text: Santa's Elf Thugs open a CHEST filled with LARGE SUB-MACHINE
text: GUNS. The chest is labeled "HEAVY ARTILLERY." With great
text: difficulty, they struggle to pull the heavy machinery out of
dialog: the box.
text: The Hammer, mildly amused, watches them.
text: The Hammer blasts away, and the elves scramble for safety.
text: The sound of gunfire is deafening and constant.
text: An Elf sneaks quietly towards Santa's gun.
text: Esther walks in through the front door and spots something
text: O.S. that gives her cause for concern.
text: Unbeknownst to the Hammer, the SNEAKY ELF picks up Santa's
text: gun. He raises it at the Hammer, ready to fire.
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: Mordechai! Behind you!
text: The Hammer turns and nails the elf just in time.
text: Esther, gun drawn, backs up into frame with the Hammer, and
text: the two fire off rounds.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: Mordechai, I love you. I couldn't let you
dialog: do this alone.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: I love you too. I'm sorry about freaking
dialog: out yesterday. I was wrong.
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: I forgive you.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Go check on the clock. I'll finish up
dialog: here.
text: We do another QUICK PUSH into the Hammer as he turns towards
dialog: Tiny Tim.
text: Tiny Tim, standing alone with his crutches tucked under his
text: arms, looks like a deer caught in headlights.
text: The Hammer grins mischievously.
speaker_heading: TINY TIM
dialog: Uh oh.
text: The Hammer begins firing.
text: In SLOW-MOTION, Tiny Tim hobbles as fast as he can towards an
text: overturned table, gunfire trailing him.
text: Like a pole vaulter with two poles, Tiny Tim plants his
text: crutches firmly into the ground and launches himself over the
dialog: table.
text: He lands directly on top of Santa, who cowers underneath the
dialog: table.
speaker_heading: SANTA
dialog: Get off of me you cripple!
speaker_heading: TINY TIM
dialog: What are we gonna do? He's got us on the
dialog: ropes.
text: We DOLLY BACK with the Hammer as he approaches the camera,
text: firing rounds at the table.
text: We cut to the duct taped Hasidic Guards tied to their chairs.
text: One of them frantically nudges the other and motions to the
text: window. Fear fills both of their eyes.
text: We see what they see. Through the window, the SUN is quickly
text: setting behind the mountains.
text: We cut back to the Hammer. The speed with which he shoots
text: begins to slow.
text: Esther, checking the clock for damage calls to him.
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: What's the matter?
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: I don't know. I'm feeling kind of tired.
text: We cut back to Santa and Tiny Tim underneath the table. We
text: HEAR the shooting continue to slow, until finally it ceases
text: altogether. Santa and Tiny Tim exchange looks.
speaker_heading: SANTA
dialog: What's going on? Why'd he stop?
speaker_heading: TINY TIM
text: Maybe he ran out of ammo.
speaker_heading: SANTA
dialog: Take a look.
text: Tiny Tim pokes his head over the table to see...
text: The Hammer and Esther lie together slumped up against the
text: wall. They look exhausted.
text: Tiny Tim drops back below the table.
speaker_heading: TINY TIM
dialog: Well, he's kinda just resting in the
text: corner with his girlfriend.
speaker_heading: SANTA
dialog: Resting?
text: He thinks for a second. An idea forms.
speaker_heading: SANTA (CONT'D)
dialog: What day is it?
speaker_heading: TINY TIM
dialog: It's Friday.
speaker_heading: SANTA
dialog: What time is it?
speaker_heading: TINY TIM
dialog: I don't know. About sundown I guess.
text: Santa makes the connection.
speaker_heading: SANTA
dialog: Why didn't I think of this? It's the
dialog: Sabbath.
text: A blank look from Tiny Tim.
speaker_heading: SANTA (CONT'D)
text: The day of rest. He can't fight on the
dialog: Sabbath. C'mon, get up. We've got him
dialog: beat.
text: The Hammer's POV as Santa and his thugs approach him
dialog: cautiously.
speaker_heading: SANTA (CONT'D)
dialog: Well, well, well. It looks as if the
dialog: Hebrew Hammer's got a weakness after all.
text: Santa turns to his thugs.
speaker_heading: SANTA (CONT'D)
dialog: Finish extracting the Judeum from the
dialog: clock.
dialog: (To Tiny Tim)
dialog: Tiny Tim, I want you to introduce the
dialog: Hebrew Hammer to the Christmas spirit.
text: Another blank look from Tiny Tim.
speaker_heading: TINY TIM
dialog: You want me to be nice to him for no
dialog: apparent reason whatsoever, buy him
dialog: clothing he'll never wear, and for just
dialog: one day of the year pretend to forgive
dialog: him for all the horrible things he did to
dialog: me as a young boy when my mommy wasn't
dialog: looking?
speaker_heading: SANTA
dialog: No dipshit, I want you to kill him.
text: He thinks about it.
speaker_heading: TINY TIM
dialog: Oh.
speaker_heading: SANTA
dialog: Santa's gonna take the sled back to the
text: North Pole and celebrate his victory with
text: his new stocking stuffer.
text: Santa grabs Esther and attempts to pull her up. The Hammer
text: holds on tightly to her other hand, but isn't strong enough
text: to resist Santa's might. Esther's hand is pulled from his
text: firm grip, and Santa takes her into his arms.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Esther!
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: Mordechai!
text: Santa forces her out the front door, leaving Tiny Tim alone
text: with the Hammer. O.S., we hear the sound of Santa's Sled
text: taking off.
speaker_heading: TINY TIM
dialog: Take a look Hammer. The clock's already
text: beginning to power down.
text: We see a shot of the elves pumping out the Judeum from the
text: clock, and then tilt up to reveal its face.
text: The dial slowly spins past 'Yom Kippur', 'Passover',
dialog: 'Hanukkah,' 'Purim', and then finally the 'Macy's 50% Off
dialog: Spring Sale.'
text: Tiny Tim raises his gun point blank at the Hammer.
speaker_heading: TINY TIM (CONT'D)
dialog: Ah. What's the matter? No more snappy one
dialog: liners.
dialog: It seems all is lost when...
text: We hear the sounds of a whole lot of GUNS being COCKED.
text: Tiny Tim turns around to see the ENTIRE KWANZAA LIBERATION
text: FRONT with their guns raised at him. Jamal, standing next to
text: Mohammed, flashes Tiny Tim a smile.
speaker_heading: JAMAL
dialog: Merry Kwanzaa nigga!
scene_heading: STAR OF DAVID WIPE TO:
scene_heading: INT. JEWISH DEFENSE LEAGUE - MAIN CHAMBER - SATURDAY NIGHT
text: The Hammer and Mohammed enter through the vault doors. The
text: Chief waits anxiously.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: Mordechai, you're back. The clock?
speaker_heading: HAMMER
text: Still ticking. Thanks to the help from
dialog: the Brothers at the KLF, Hanukkah's safe
dialog: for now.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: That's wonderful!
text: The Chief notices the Hammer's dejected look.
speaker_heading: CHIEF (CONT'D)
dialog: So why the long face?
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: It's Esther. Santa's got her.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: My Esther! Oh Mordechai.
text: The Chief, overcome by sadness, slumps down into a chair.
speaker_heading: CHIEF (CONT'D)
dialog: Please. Will you help me?
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: I love her sir. If I don't help you, I
dialog: won't be able to make her my wife.
dialog: Mohammed Ali Paula Abdul Rahim has agreed
dialog: to come with me to the North Pole on a
dialog: rescue mission.
text: Mo, standing in the BG, gives the Chief the fist/chest
dialog: salute.
speaker_heading: MOHAMMED
dialog: Asalam Alekem.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: (To Mo)
dialog: You're a mench. Thank you.
dialog: (To Hammer)
dialog: Mordechai, by any means necessary, you
dialog: bring my Esther back to me. Even if it
dialog: requires using Judaism's most powerful
dialog: weapon.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Oh no, not the...
text: The Chief shakes his head yes.
speaker_heading: HAMMER (CONT'D)
dialog: There won't be any need for that sir.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: Hammer, the fate of my daughter rests
dialog: solely in your hands.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: I know sir. I won't let you down.
text: The Hammer motions to Mo, and the two begin to leave. They
text: pass by Sammy Davis Jr. Jr. The Hammer acknowledges him.
speaker_heading: HAMMER (CONT'D)
dialog: Sammy Davis Jr. Jr.
scene_heading: SAMMY DAVIS JR. JR.
dialog: You two cats are beautiful. I love you
dialog: guys. You take care babe.
text: Mo whispers into the Hammer's ear.
speaker_heading: MOHAMMED
dialog: What's wrong with him?
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: He's still working out some identity
dialog: issues.
scene_heading: STAR OF DAVID WIPE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. NORTH POLE - DAY
text: The Hammer and Mo crawl onto the snow covered bluff
text: overlooking Santa's Workshop. With his binoculars, the Hammer
text: scopes out the compound below.
dialog: BINOCULAR POV - Instead of your standard two circles filling
text: the screen, we see the world through a pair of Star Of
text: Davids. The place resembles the exterior of an industrial
text: warehouse, with two Elves on guard with guns.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: It's gonna be tough, but the back
dialog: entrance looks like our best bet.
speaker_heading: MOHAMMED
dialog: I wanted to ask you, how were you able to
dialog: pinpoint the exact location of Santa's
dialog: workshop? We've been trying to gain that
dialog: piece of surveillance for years.
text: The Hammer puts the binoculars down.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: This is the year 5734. It's time the boys
dialog: at the KLF got into the 58th century. Let
dialog: me show you something.
text: The Hammer pulls out a LAPTOP COMPUTER.
speaker_heading: HAMMER (CONT'D)
dialog: The JDL supplies all its agents with this
dialog: state of the art device called a laptop
dialog: computator.
speaker_heading: MOHAMMED
dialog: Cool. What's it do?
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Now this might get a bit technical, but
dialog: try and stay with me. Using a highly
dialog: sophisticated connection of other
dialog: computators, called the Internet, I can
dialog: access surveillance maps, villian
dialog: biographical information, and even sports
text: scores with a few simple keystrokes of
dialog: this electronic typewriter.
text: The Hammer makes a few keystrokes and turns the screen
dialog: towards Mo.
speaker_heading: MOHAMMED
dialog: Man, that's far out! Hey, the Jets won!
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: But wait, there's more. With a few swift
text: clicks of this hand-computer interface,
dialog: commonly referred to as a mouse, I can
dialog: download illicit pornographic material
dialog: and even send it along to a friend via a
dialog: cyber postal route known as e-mail.
text: Mo's interest is seriously peaked.
speaker_heading: MOHAMMED
dialog: Porno? You're tellin' me that you can get
dialog: porno on that thing?
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Oh yeah. Take a look.
dialog: The Hammer does some computing.
speaker_heading: HAMMER (CONT'D)
dialog: For example, here's a picture of your
text: sister Tawanda getting freaky with a
dialog: German Shepard.
text: Mo's eyes widen.
speaker_heading: MOHAMMED
dialog: Gettin' freaky with a what?
text: He grabs the laptop from the Hammer and looks at the screen.
text: A picture of TAWANDA making out with a GERMAN man decked out
text: in lederhosen on a rural German hillside. The two are
text: surrounded by sheep.
text: Mo gives a sigh of relief.
speaker_heading: MOHAMMED (CONT'D)
dialog: Oy vey, that's almost as bad. That's
text: Tawanda getting freaky with a notorious
dialog: white supremacist.
text: Mo goes for the keyboard.
speaker_heading: MOHAMMED (CONT'D)
dialog: Where's the white out button on this
dialog: thing?
text: We get a CU of the ENTER KEY as Mo presses it. A SOOTHING
text: COMPUTERIZED FEMALE VOICE purrs...
scene_heading: COMPUTERIZED FEMALE VOICE
dialog: Message sent.
speaker_heading: MOHAMMED
dialog: What just happened?
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Remember that bit about the cyber postal
dialog: route?
speaker_heading: MOHAMMED
dialog: Yeah.
text: The Hammer looks at the blissfully ignorant Mo with empathy.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Nah, forget about it.
scene_heading: INT. SANTA'S CONFERENCE ROOM - DAY
text: Santa sits at the head of his conference table. Tawni and
text: Bambi sit on his lap. A cigarette dangles from his mouth, and
text: he holds a giant glass of eggnog in his hand. Rudolph stands
text: in the corner of the room.
speaker_heading: SANTA
dialog: Rudolph, more egg nog!
text: Rudolph, equipped with a tray around his neck holding a glass
text: of egg nog, walks over. Santa stares at him antagonistically
text: as he takes the glass off of the tray and takes a sip.
text: Santa puts his cigarette back into his mouth, takes a drag
text: and blows smoke past camera.
text: A huge cloud of smoke blows over Rudolph's face.
text: Santa smiles at his women as we hear Rudolph cough.
speaker_heading: SANTA (CONT'D)
dialog: Ho, ho, ho.
text: Suddenly, the two women are pushed from his lap as a SASSY
text: BLACK PROSTITUTE rises up between his legs from underneath
dialog: the table.
scene_heading: SASSY BLACK PROSTITUTE
dialog: Listen motherfucker, I already told you!
dialog: I don't care how much yo ass is payin'
dialog: me, if you call me that one more time
dialog: there ain't gonna be no more visits down
dialog: to the South Pole! You feelin' me!?
text: His ego deflates a bit.
speaker_heading: SANTA
dialog: Yes maam, loud and clear.
text: Tiny Tim enters the room. He has a black eye and his clothing
text: is torn.
scene_heading: SASSY BLACK PROSTITUTE
dialog: Damn sugar, what happened to you?
speaker_heading: TINY TIM
dialog: Santa, I got some really bad news.
scene_heading: EXT. COMPOUND PERIMETER WALL - DAY
text: The Hammer wears Tefilon, consisting of leather straps with
text: boxes, wrapped around his head and arms. He silently bows his
text: head in front of the gigantic wall as he mumbles something to
text: himself. Mo nervously scans the area for guards.
speaker_heading: MOHAMMED
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Just praying to god that we don't kill
dialog: ourselves going over this wall.
text: The Hammer unwraps his leather straps, and then tosses them
text: high over the wall.
text: The boxes on the straps catch on a pipe. The line is pulled
text: taut, and the boxes hold secure against the pipe.
text: The Hammer and Mo begin to scale the wall a la the 60's
text: Batman and Robin television show. The Hammer leads the way
text: while Mo, directly behind him, has his arms wrapped tightly
text: around his waist. The Hammer stops climbing for a second, and
text: turns to him.
speaker_heading: HAMMER (CONT'D)
dialog: You know, you don't have to hold on to my
dialog: waist. You're tied in.
text: Mo releases his arms from the Hammer's waist. Indeed, he is
dialog: tied in.
speaker_heading: MOHAMMED
dialog: I knew that.
scene_heading: EXT. SANTA'S COMPOUND PERIMETER WALL - OTHER SIDE - MOMENTS
speaker_heading: LATER
text: The Hammer and Mo drop from the wall onto the ground. The
text: Hammer looks around.
text: No guards in sight. In front of them is door clearly marked
text: "BACK DOOR."
speaker_heading: MOHAMMED
dialog: Well, that was easy.
text: Mo heads for the door. The Hammer calls to him.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Wait! Before we enter, you need to know
dialog: that my research has determined that
text: Santa's compound is wired with the XP
text: 2000 stereo type alarm system.
speaker_heading: MOHAMMED
dialog: A stereo type alarm system?
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Take a look.
text: The Hammer points to above the door. Sure enough, there sit
scene_heading: TWO LARGE STEREO SPEAKERS.
speaker_heading: MOHAMMED
dialog: How do we bypass it?
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: The alarm will trigger if the system
dialog: detects any Non-W.A.S.P. tendencies
dialog: inside the building. For example, if you
dialog: were to dribble a basketball, or eat
dialog: watermelon, or use the word dawg...that
dialog: is, spelled with an aw as opposed to the
dialog: letter o...within the confines of this
dialog: workshop, the alarm would sound.
text: This pisses Mo off.
speaker_heading: MOHAMMED
dialog: Listen cat, I'll have you know that I
dialog: hate the taste of watermelon and am a
dialog: terrible basketball player.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Well that's good news for us. It means
dialog: the system is outdated. This should be
dialog: easy. C'mon.
text: The two enter through the door.
scene_heading: INT. SANTA'S WORKSHOP COMPOUND - CONTINUOUS
text: The Hammer shuts the door behind them. So far, so good.
text: Suddenly, the two hear the sound of footsteps coming down the
text: hall. They duck into a corner.
text: The sound of the footsteps passes. The Hammer makes the
text: silent military "eyes" gesture to Mo by pointing two fingers
text: at his eyes, indicating for him to check and see if the coast
text: is clear.
text: Mo bends out from the corner to look. Pennies fall from his
dialog: pockets.
speaker_heading: MOHAMMED
dialog: It's all clear. Let's go.
text: The Hammer bends down to pick up the change.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Mo, I think you dropped some...
text: Mo's eyes widen in terror.
speaker_heading: MOHAMMED
dialog: Hammer, no!
text: The Hammer picks up the pennies, and the ear splitting alarm
text: system is triggered. Red Lights flash, and over the
text: loudspeakers we hear..
speaker_heading: LOUDSPEAKERS
dialog: Jewdar alert! Jewdar alert!
text: Mo and The Hammer start running down the hallway. Doors line
dialog: the corridor.
text: The Hammer kicks open one of the doors, and enters as it
text: shuts behind him. The camera stays in the hallway with Mo,
text: who looks around nervously. From inside the room, we can hear
scene_heading: INTENSE GUNFIRE.
text: The Hammer exits the room.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Let's go!
text: The two continue on down the hall. The Hammer spots another
text: door, violently kicks it open, and enters. Again, the door
text: shuts behind him followed by the sound of more INTENSE
speaker_heading: GUNFIRE.
text: The Hammer exits.
speaker_heading: HAMMER (CONT'D)
dialog: C'mon, let's go!
text: Mo stops and looks at him.
speaker_heading: MOHAMMED
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Offscreen gunfire. That Jewish Atomic
dialog: Clock stuff ate up a lot of our budget.
text: Mo shakes his head in understanding, and the two run on,
text: making a hard right out of frame at the corridor's end. A
text: beat passes, and then we hear MORE INTENSE GUNFIGHTING.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: ANOTHER CORRIDOR
text: Mo and the Hammer run into frame. Mo points to the other end
dialog: of the hall.
speaker_heading: MOHAMMED
dialog: There's Tiny Tim.
text: Tiny Tim spots them and begins to hobble furiously away in
dialog: the other direction.
speaker_heading: MOHAMMED (CONT'D)
dialog: I'll take Tiny Tim. You go find your
dialog: woman.
text: Mo runs down the hallway after Tiny Tim. The Hammer turns
dialog: towards the other direction to find...
text: TWO ELVES on multi-colored MOPEDS comin' right for him.
text: The Hammer stands motionless as the Elves gain ground.
text: Right before they reach him, the Hammer quickly pulls his
text: Talis off of his neck and holds it outstretched,
text: clotheslining the two off of their mopeds.
text: The elves are out cold. The Hammer admires his work.
text: Santa, running for his life, rounds the corner. He stops dead
text: in his tracks as he spots the Hammer.
text: The two look at one another for a brief moment, and then
text: Santa points at something behind the Hammer.
speaker_heading: SANTA
dialog: Hey, what's that over there? Is that a
dialog: bowl of Matzah Ball soup?
text: The Hammer looks behind him. Nothing. He turns back to find
dialog: Santa long gone.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Damn!
text: He takes off down the hall after Santa.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: ANOTHER CORRIDOR
text: Mo catches up to the hobbling Tiny Tim, and begins to mock
text: the manner and speed at which he runs, running side by side
text: with him, circling around him as he attempts to get away,
dialog: etc.
text: Realizing that it'd be impossible to outrun him, Tiny Tim
text: comes to a stop.
text: Mo trains his pistol on him.
speaker_heading: MOHAMMED
dialog: Now I'm gonna do to you what I should
dialog: have done earlier.
text: Tiny Tim closes his eyes in anticipation of the worst.
text: Mo grabs both of his crutches from under his arm and runs
text: off. Tiny Tim wobbles a few steps and then slumps down
text: against the wall. We PULL AWAY from Tiny Tim as he calls to
dialog: Mo.
speaker_heading: TINY TIM
dialog: My crutches. Noooo. Not my crutches.
scene_heading: INT. SANTA'S CONFERENCE ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Santa enters the room and begins to frantically barricade the
text: front door with anything he can find: a chair, a large
text: crucifix, a CART OF TOMATOES. Feeling confident that the door
text: is secure, he turns around to find the Hammer standing in
text: front of him.
text: The Hammer grabs Santa by his shirt.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Where's my girlfriend Santa?
speaker_heading: SANTA
dialog: I don't have to tell you anything Hammer!
dialog: You're gonna have to kill me before I
dialog: tell you!
text: The Hammer's confused.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: But if I kill you, then you'll be dead.
text: Santa thinks about this for a couple seconds.
speaker_heading: SANTA
dialog: Good point.
text: The Hammer looks up from his interrogation and spots a sign
text: taped to a door directly behind Santa. It reads, "THE ROOM
text: WHERE THE HEBREW HAMMER'S GIRLFRIEND IS."
text: The Hammer grins mischievously at Santa.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Don't worry your pretty little head.
text: Hammer fires a single round past camera. RED SPLATTERS his
dialog: face.
text: We cut to the other side. Santa cowers by the cart of
text: TOMATOES.
speaker_heading: HAMMER (CONT'D)
dialog: That was a warning shot.
text: We hear Esther screaming from inside the room.
speaker_heading: ESTHER (O.S.)
dialog: Mordechai! I'm in here! Help!
text: The Hammer turns towards the sound.
text: Suddenly, Santa kicks the Hammer's gun out of his hand, and
text: then draws a pistol from behind his belt and points it at
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: SANTA
dialog: Looks like the tables have turned once
dialog: again Hammer.
text: More screaming from Esther behind the door.
speaker_heading: SANTA (CONT'D)
dialog: And you won't even be able to say goodbye
dialog: to your Esther. So sad. So long
dialog: Mordechai. Give my father my regards.
text: Santa readies to fire.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Wait! I didn't want it to come to this,
dialog: but you leave me no choice. I have no
dialog: other option but to use the most powerful
text: weapon in the Jewish arsenal.
text: The Hammer closes his eyes and puts his hands together as if
text: in meditation. Santa looks around nervously.
speaker_heading: SANTA
dialog: What are you doing?
text: The Hammer meditates for a bit more. Suddenly, his eyes open
dialog: and he begins...
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: I shlepped all the way to the North Pole
dialog: for this? I come to fight you, and you
dialog: don't even put out anything to nosh on?
dialog: What kind of arch nemesis are you?
speaker_heading: SANTA
dialog: Hah! Jewish guilt. Well, it won't work on
dialog: me Hammer. I'm too strong for it.
text: Esther continues to scream for help. This makes the Hammer
text: even more determined.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: What sort of host would treat company
dialog: this way? Esther is clearly uncomfortable
dialog: in your guest room. I'm shvitizing from
dialog: running around shooting people. And my
dialog: feet. What kind of flooring is this
dialog: anyway? My arches are killing me.
text: It's beginning to work on Santa.
speaker_heading: SANTA
dialog: No. Stop it!
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: And to top it off, you didn't even have
dialog: the courtesy to give me a proper hello
dialog: when I entered the room. What have I ever
dialog: done to you to be treated with such
dialog: disrespect?
text: Santa's a wreck.
speaker_heading: SANTA
dialog: Please, make it stop. I'll do anything.
dialog: Here take my gun.
text: He hands his piece to the Hammer and kneels on the ground,
text: pointing to his head.
speaker_heading: SANTA (CONT'D)
dialog: Shoot me. Please, just one to the head.
dialog: Put me out of misery.
text: Mo enters the room.
speaker_heading: MOHAMMED
dialog: Hammer, you alright?
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Everything's kosher. Watch him for me.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM WHERE THE HEBREW HAMMER'S GIRLFRIEND IS - MOMENTS
speaker_heading: LATER
text: The Hammer kicks open the door.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Esther!
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: Mordechai!
text: She is restrained to a chair. The Hammer quickly unties her,
text: and the two kiss.
text: As they continue kissing, we hear the sound of someone
text: CLEARING THEIR THROAT. The Hammer looks towards the source of
text: the noise to see none other than JOSEPH LIEBERMAN. Joe is
text: tied to a chair, and wears a Gore/Lieberman 2000 campaign
dialog: button.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Joseph Lieberman?
text: The Hammer begins to untie Joe.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH LIEBERMAN
dialog: Mordechai! Thank god you're here.
text: Esther looks at the Hammer curiously.
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: You two know each other?
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: We go to the same temple.
text: All three step back into Santa's Conference Room. Mo
text: continues to hold Santa at gunpoint.
speaker_heading: HAMMER (CONT'D)
dialog: Mo, get him out of my sight.
text: Mo begins to take Santa away.
text: The Hammer turns around.
speaker_heading: HAMMER (CONT'D)
dialog: No, wait. I need closure here.
dialog: (To Santa)
dialog: I just wanna say one thing. You know
dialog: where you messed up Santa? You
dialog: underestimated the true meaning of
dialog: Hanukkah.
text: Santa's a broken man. He gets on his knees and inquires
dialog: earnestly...
speaker_heading: SANTA
dialog: Please tell me. What is the true meaning
dialog: of Hanukkah?
text: The Hammer thinks about this for a second. He's drawing a
text: blank. He looks to Esther, and she shrugs back at him.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: That's...that's a very good question. And
dialog: I do know that it does have something to
dialog: do with...dreidels, and...
text: Esther chimes in.
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: ...and latkes.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: And latkes! And some miracle oil that
dialog: lasted eight days. And that my friend,
dialog: should've been enough for you. Take him
dialog: away Mo.
text: Mo drags Santa out of the room.
speaker_heading: SANTA
dialog: I'm sorry. I see the light now. I was
dialog: wrong. I'm...
dialog: And Santa's gone.
text: The Hammer turns to Esther, and gets down on one knee. He
text: places a ring on her finger.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Esther Bloomenbergensteinenthal, will you
dialog: marry me?
text: She glows.
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: Yes! Of course! I'd gladly give up my
dialog: last name to be with you.
text: The two kiss in celebration.
text: Joe pokes his head out into the Hallway.
speaker_heading: JOE LIEBERMAN
dialog: What happened out there?
text: He looks to the Hammer. The Hammer shrugs his shoulders.
speaker_heading: JOE LIEBERMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh Mordechai, you know how I detest gore.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Well then maybe you should have thought
dialog: about that before you ran with him.
dialog: C'mon, let's get you back to Washington.
text: And we PULL out as the three make their way down the hallway.
scene_heading: TITLE CARD: ONE WEEK LATER. CHRISTMAS EVE.
scene_heading: INT. MRS. CARVER'S HOUSE - SHABAT
text: Mrs. Carver exits the kitchen, platters of food in hand.
speaker_heading: MRS. CARVER
dialog: Shabat Shalom everybody!
text: We see Esther and the Hammer at the other end of the table.
text: They smile and hold hands. Domestic bliss.
speaker_heading: HAMMER/ESTHER
dialog: Shabat Shalom!
text: With a bit of difficulty, Mrs. Carver works her large behind
text: into her chair.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: And a Merry Christmas to all of our
dialog: Gentile friends. Mun Chi.
text: The Hammer raises his glass in honor of Mun Chi. Mun Chi
text: returns the gesture.
speaker_heading: HAMMER (CONT'D)
dialog: Before we start the Sabbath, I'd
dialog: personally just like to thank god for all
dialog: the blessings I've received over the past
dialog: year. A beautiful fiancee...
text: Esther smiles.
speaker_heading: HAMMER (CONT'D)
dialog: ...a wonderful mother...
dialog: Mrs. Carver is as proud as can be...
speaker_heading: HAMMER (CONT'D)
dialog: ...and the opportunity to help my
dialog: brothers and sisters in the Jewish
dialog: community.
speaker_heading: MRS. CARVER
dialog: Well I'm just glad you're safe Bubba
dialog: Shaina, and eating by your mother for
dialog: Shabos.
text: She squeezes his hand.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Thanks mom.
text: Mrs. Carver begins to cut her meat.
speaker_heading: MRS. CARVER
dialog: But with all the attention the newspapers
dialog: and television have given you, you'd
dialog: think that you were the pope or
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: (Proudly)
dialog: Well, I did save Hanukkah mom. My
dialog: children, and my children's children, and
dialog: my children's children's children...
text: He gets himself back on track.
speaker_heading: HAMMER (CONT'D)
dialog: ...and their children will all be able to
dialog: eat latkes and spin dreidels, and light
dialog: the menorah with the knowl...
speaker_heading: MRS. CARVER
dialog: (Interrupting)
dialog: ...So you saved Hanukkah Mr. Big Shot.
dialog: I mean, let's be honest Mordechai, it
dialog: isn't even one of the high holidays.
text: Mordechai looks to Esther. She shrugs her shoulders in
dialog: encouragement.
speaker_heading: MRS. CARVER (CONT'D)
dialog: Now, if you had saved Passover or Yom
dialog: Kipur, then maybe you'd have what to brag
dialog: about. Did I tell you that my friend
dialog: Maureen's son, the Investment Banker, was
dialog: responsible for a very big merger on...
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: ...No, no, no, no, no. I see what you're
dialog: doing here. So all of a sudden Hanukkah's
dialog: not good enough for you, is that right?
text: We get a shot of Mrs. Carver. She's a master of the art of
dialog: pleasant non-listening.
speaker_heading: HAMMER (CONT'D)
dialog: Well I have news for you mom. It is good
dialog: enough...I'm good enough and I won't
dialog: leave here until I hear you tell me...
speaker_heading: MRS. CARVER
dialog: Mazel Tov!
text: Mrs. Carver picks up the paralyzed Tabby and begins Eskimo
dialog: kissing it.
speaker_heading: MRS. CARVER (CONT'D)
dialog: Hello Mazel Tov! A boojee boojee boojee
dialog: boo...
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: ...I'm not finished yet, mom.
text: Mun Chi, completely uninvolved in the conversation and
text: obviously famished, scoops serving after serving onto his
text: plate. Mrs. Carver ignores her son as she continues to play
text: with the cat.
speaker_heading: MRS. CARVER
dialog: ...A boojee boojee boojee boo. What's
dialog: that Mazel Tov? Your tuchus needs some
dialog: more airing out?
text: Mrs. Carver removes the diaper. Esther and Hammer gag from
text: the smell of it.
text: Mun Chi, a forkful of food inches from his mouth, gets a
text: whiff and then places the utensil down in angry frustration.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Mom! We're eating!
speaker_heading: MRS. CARVER
dialog: What a good poop you made in your diaper
dialog: Mazel Tov! That's right! Mommy loves you!
dialog: Such a good boy you are!
text: This gets the Hammer going.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Oh, I get it. To you, the cat pooping in
dialog: his diaper is somehow better than my
dialog: saving a Jewish holiday.
dialog: (Giving up)
dialog: Forget it.
speaker_heading: MRS. CARVER
dialog: So, what are you two planning after the
dialog: wedding?
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: Well, for starters, we're going to
dialog: honeymoon in Boca for a week. And then,
dialog: when we get back, Morty's been talking
dialog: about taking a stable, good paying job as
dialog: a consultant for the JDL.
speaker_heading: MRS. CARVER
dialog: Well, I couldn't be happier for the both
dialog: of you.
text: From outside, we hear the sound of sleighbells ringing.
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: I think I hear the new Santa Claus busy
dialog: at work. C'mon.
text: The Hammer motions for everyone to get up and follow him to
dialog: the window.
text: We cut to the outside of the window looking in on the four as
text: they try and get a better look outside.
speaker_heading: MRS. CARVER
dialog: I forgot to ask you, who'd they put in
dialog: charge as the new Santa Claus?
speaker_heading: HAMMER
dialog: Since Santa will be living out the rest
dialog: of his days at a home for the
dialog: religionally insane and because he had no
dialog: blood heirs, the Kwanzaa Liberation Front
dialog: and the Jewish Defense League agreed to
dialog: make the whole Santa Claus process a
dialog: democratic vote. We're all very pleased
dialog: with the first Santa elect.
text: The Hammer spots something up in the sky, and points it out
text: to the rest of them.
speaker_heading: HAMMER (CONT'D)
dialog: Look, there he is now.
text: The full moon shines brightly in the BG of the night sky as
text: we slowly PAN past Rudolph and the rest of the reindeer,
text: eventually reaching the cockpit.
text: Jamal holds the reigns and waves down at Mordechai and
dialog: company.
text: From the window, Mordechai, Esther, Mrs. Carver, and Mun Chi
text: wave back. The Hammer Jewxploitation theme music begins to
dialog: fade up.
speaker_heading: HAMMER (CONT'D)
dialog: Merry Christmas Jamal.
speaker_heading: JAMAL
dialog: Merry Christmas Niggas!
text: We pull away from the outside window as the four continue to
dialog: wave.
text: One by one, the reindeer whip straight past camera followed
text: by Jamal. As he clears frame we...
text: CUT TO END CREDITS.
dialog: 
