dialog: 
speaker_heading: THE LEOPARD MAN
dialog: Screen Play
dialog: by
dialog: Ardel Wray
dialog: From the Novel BLACK ALIBI by Cornell Woolrich
speaker_heading: FADE IN
text: On the fountain at El Pueblo. A jet of waiter rises into the
text: air at regular intervals, tossing an empty ball in rhythm.
text: Below the ball, the water cascades into the second tier of
text: the fountain. SUPERIMPOSED over this fountain are the main
dialog: and credit titles. Throughout the running of the titles we
text: hear castanet music growing louder and louder. When the last
dialog: credit title FADE OFF we begin to
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
text: The corridor, backstage at El Pueblo. An empty corridor
text: stretches away before us. The CAMERA TRUCKS ALONG this
text: corridor. The sound of the castanets is so loud and ringing
text: now that it has a furious and stormlike quality. The camera
text: seems to search for the source of this sound. It approaches
text: two open doorways at the end of the corridor.
text: Through the doorway on the right we see a dancer in Spanish
text: costume. She pirouettes in a final whirl of the dance as the
text: CAMERA MOVES IN TO a CLOSE SHOT of her beautiful back and the
text: two castanets she holds up over her gleaming naked shoulders.
text: Over the diminishing trill of the castanets, as the dancer
text: finishes her dance we hear a dull and angry pounding. The
text: castanets click to an end.
text: The CAMERA MOVES LEFT to take in the adjoining door to show
dialog: us the source of this sound.
scene_heading: INT. KIKI WALKER'S DRESSING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Kiki Walker as she finishes pounding on the wall for silence
text: in the adjoining dressing room and turns back into her own
text: room. She is young, blonde and represents that peculiar
dialog: phenomenon of our time, the chorus girl and entertainer who
dialog: is more lady-like than the majority of Junior Leaguers. Road
text: shows, one night stands and even a short turn in burlesque
dialog: have left no battle scars. She may know many a hard word, but
dialog: she never uses it.
text: MED. SHOT - Kiki's room. Kiki slams shut the door of her
text: dressing room. Her dressing room is a small bare cubicle with
text: a sink, easy chair, dressing table and a long mirror on the
text: closet door. On the dressing table, among a clutter of jars
text: and ointments, is a small musical trinket box. The closet
text: door is partially ajar.
text: In the room with Kiki is Eloise, the cigarette girl at the El
text: Pueblo, a brightly blondined young lady. Her nether limbs are
text: well display in black stockings. A cigarette tray is slung
text: over her shoulder.
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: (as she walks
dialog: across the
dialog: room)
dialog: It may sound like music to her
dialog: -- I can do better with my teeth in
dialog: a cold Shower.
dialog: (mockingly)
dialog: Click — click — click.
speaker_heading: ELOISE
dialog: (shrugging)
dialog: She's a local. When the dudes come
dialog: out to New Mexico, they went to
dialog: wallow in Latin glamour. This is a
dialog: bad town for blondes.
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: Yes. So I've noticed. Jerry's
dialog: noticed -— He'll come up with
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: ELOISE
dialog: You think be's pretty nice, don't
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: Why not? He's a good press agent
dialog: and a good friend. Besides, we've
dialog: shared a lot of headaches ——
speaker_heading: ELOISE
dialog: You're lucky. I wish he'd front
dialog: page for me.
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: Maybe. For three years I've sung in
dialog: rats' nests, while Jerry pounded
text: his feet off and his brains out --
dialog: trying to get me a real chance.
dialog: We're due for a little luck!
text: Kiki walks across to the make-up table and sits down in front
text: of it, lifting her hands to unwrap the towel which is wrapped
text: around her head to protect it from make-up. Eloise starts
text: toward the door, but pauses to admire herself in the mirror,.
speaker_heading: ELOISE
dialog: I don't mean this personally, Miss
dialog: Walker, but it's ironic —-
text: She pauses, striking a pose the better to look at her own
text: sleek legs in the minor.
speaker_heading: ELOISE
dialog: I mean you being a star and me
dialog: being just a cigarette girl.
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: (turning from
dialog: (the mirror to
dialog: look at Eloise)
dialog: I know. I know. You've got the
dialog: talent. I got the breaks.
text: She turns back to the mirror.
text: NED. CLOSE REFLECTION SHOT of Eloise. We see Eloise admiring
text: herself in the long mirror and also the edge of the dressing
text: room door as it slowly begins to swing open.
speaker_heading: KIKI'S VOICE
dialog: I hear it in night club.
text: Eloise can see what is opening the door. She lets loose with
text: a shriek of mortal terror.
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT of Kiki. She whirls quickly and rises, her
text: mouth open in a soundless ejaculation of fright.
text: REVERSE SHOT - the door. Through the doorway comes the black,
text: spade-shaped head of a panther, ears wickedly flat, muzzle to
text: the floor. He starts into the room with a terrifying zigzag
text: undulation. Eloise yips feebly. Kiki screams.
text: As the panther advances into the room, one can see that it is
text: held on a taut leash. Holding the leash is Jerry Manning,
text: with a wide, pleasant smile of reassurance on his lips.
text: CLOSE SHOT Kiki on top of the dressing table. She stands
text: there holding her dressing gown back across her knees in
text: terror. The little jewel box has fallen to the floor, and the
text: insipid tinkling tune fills the room as it rolls across the
text: floor toward the panther.
text: MED. SHOT - Kiki, Eloise, Jerry and the panther. Kiki stands
text: on top of the dressing table; Eloise has retreated behind a
text: chair, and Jerry stands between them, grinning, holding the
text: leash of the panther, which is nosing forward to examine the
dialog: music box
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: (hitting high C)
dialog: Get it out of here!
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Kiki -- he won't hurt you. There's
dialog: nothing to be afraid of.
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: Makes no difference. Get him out!
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Listen, Kicks, you'll never guess
dialog: what I've cooked up this tine...
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: That's easy. Me.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: I thought -- is Kiki just going to
dialog: walk on that floor tonight ——walk
text: out cold before a bunch of gawks
dialog: who think a Spanish twirler is the
dialog: greatest thing in life. No. Not my
dialog: favorite client. She's going to
dialog: make an entrance this town will
dialog: never forget!
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: (pointing to the leopard)
dialog: On his back, I suppose.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: (kidding her)
dialog: No. I thought that might be just a
dialog: little corny. I want you to lead
text: him in on a leash.
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: You're too good to me.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Look, Kicks, have I ever done
dialog: anything to hurt you?
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: No —- not yet.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: (quite sincerely and with
dialog: evident affection)
dialog: And I never will- you know
dialog: what's between us — we're a thing
dialog: But this is serious competition.
speaker_heading: ALTERNATE SCENE
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: (hitting high C)
dialog: Get it out of here!
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Kiki - he won't hurt you. There's
dialog: nothing to be afraid of.
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: Makes no difference. Get him out.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Listen, Kicks, you'll never guess
dialog: what I've cooked up this time.
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: That's easy. Me.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: I thought -— is Kiki just going to
dialog: walk on that floor tonight walk out
text: cold before a bunch of gawks who
dialog: think a Spanish twirler is the
dialog: greatest thing in life. No. Not my
dialog: favorite client. She's going to
dialog: make an entrance this town will
dialog: never forget.
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: (pointing to the
dialog: leopard)
dialog: On his back, I suppose.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: (kidding her)
dialog: No. I thought that might be just a
dialog: little corny. I want you to lead
text: him in on a leash.
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: You're too good to me.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: (sentimentally)
dialog: Look, Kicks, how long have we known
dialog: each other?
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: (flatly)
dialog: This is l939. Can't you subtract?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Almost three years, isn't it? And
dialog: have I ever done anything to hurt
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: No —— not yet.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: (quite sincerely and
dialog: with evident affection)
dialog: And I never will -- you know what's
dialog: between us -— we're a thing -- But
dialog: this is serious -- big competition.
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: Clo-Clo?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: (indicating leopard)
dialog: I thought you might strut this
text: kitten in right in the middle of
dialog: her act.
text: Kiki grins. Jerry reaches for Kiki's hand, and passes the end
text: of the leash over her fingers.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Come down to earth— and see what a
dialog: picture you'd make with this for a
dialog: pet.
text: Keeping a wary eye on the leopard, Kiki lets Jerry help her
text: down. She stands as far away from the beast as the leash will
dialog: permit.
speaker_heading: ELOISE
dialog: (warily, from behind the
dialog: chair)
dialog: And if you've got cold feet honey,
dialog: Ill take over for you. That red
dialog: dress of yours fits just perfect on
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: KIKI
text: (exasperated, turning to
dialog: her)
dialog: I bet you try on my coffin some day
dialog: -- I hope it "fits just perfect."
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: (hastily to Kiki)
dialog: You look swell in that three—alarm
dialog: number --
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: The red dress?
dialog: (thinks a moment)
dialog: No. My black one. Then I'll be just
dialog: like him.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. PATIO EL PUEBLO CAPE - NIGHT
text: CL0SE SHOT - the fountain. The CAMERA is FOCUSED on the
text: extreme height of the jet of water. We watch the ball on top
text: of this jet as it rises and falls for a few beats. Over this
text: shot we hear the music of a Mexican orchestra.
text: The CAMERA MOVES DOWN and BACK to reveal the upper tier of
text: the fountain with the water flowing over its edges.
text: The CAMERA MOVES BACK and we see the wide pool at the base of
text: the fountain. In this pool we see Clo-Clo reflected, as she
dialog: dances.
text: The CAMERA PANS to take in the actual dancer and we see Clo
text: Clo whirling and turning in a tight circle. She is
text: illuminated by several baby spots concealed at the base
text: of the fountain, and this light makes a nimbus of light
text: around her. It is a sort of superaura which washes out the
text: background haze, leaving the dancer clear-cut and sharp in
text: the midst of this superaura.
text: As Clo-Clo's dance widens in movement, taking her to the edge
text: of the light nimbus, we can see her, the tables and the
dialog: patrons of El Pueblo.
dialog: The El Pueblo cafe is the smartest night club in this small
text: New Mexican resort town. The main dining room is in the
text: patio. Here are tables mantled in snowy tablecloths,
text: glittering candlelight and sparkling glassware. On the porch
text: is an open space for the performers and the orchestra on one
text: side On the other side is a bar.
text: Tonight, El Pueblo is crowded. Waiters, dressed in rather
text: formal costumes with black trousers and short, white coats,
text: scurry between the tables. A good portion of -the patrons are
dialog: in evening clothes.
text: Clo—Clo dances. The rhythmic rattle of her castanets beat out
text: above the orchestra.
dialog: Clo-Clo is New Mexican. Like the broncos of her native state,
dialog: she is all fine, proud, pure Spanish blood. It has suffered a
text: change in the high clear air of New Mexico. In her dance,
dialog: too, we see the more primeval strain of the Indian twisted
text: among the finer threads of Spanish rhythm.
text: She dances. In the pool we see the heavy flutter and turn of
text: her skirt. Her neck, her bosom, her arms, bend and sway and
text: turn and pulse with the bloodbeat of the castanets. She is
text: just entering a graceful turn of the dance, the castanets
text: beginning a glissade, when suddenly she stops dead, the click
text: of the castanets cutting off abruptly.
text: REVERSE SHOT - the doorway leading into the El Pueblo. Framed
text: in this doorway is Kiki, slim and tall in a black gown with
text: black gloves, and in her outstretched hand is a black leash
text: which links her to the leopard. Behind her the doorway is hot
text: with light so that we see her dramatic outline, a silhouette
dialog: against luminosity.
text: MED. LONG SHOT - the cafe. A buzz of amazement sounds from
text: the crowd. There is a flutter of astonishment and timidity.
text: CLOSEUP of Clo—Clo.
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT of Kiki. Behind her in the doorway Jerry
text: Manning's face appears. It is obvious that Kiki, despite her
text: dramatic pose, is surreptitiously nervous.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: (sotto voce)
dialog: Don't stand here, Kiki. You're on
dialog: stage. They're looking at you.
text: Kiki moves majestically forward.
text: MED. LONG SHOT — a table near the dance space. Kiki, the
text: leopard moving before her, threads her way between two
text: tables, the patrons drawing away from her black escort as she
text: passes. A waiter, carefully holding the chair between him and
text: the leopard, makes a place for her at an empty table.
text: Clo—Clo, feet wide apart, arms and hands still half raised
text: and holding the castanets, watches. The orchestra plays
text: feebly on.
text: Suddenly Clo—Clo smiles. She lifts her hands a little higher,
text: takes a step forward and lets the castanets loose with a roll
text: that sounds like machine—gun fire. The leopard startled,:
text: twists in a half turn of fright, strains suddenly at the
text: leash and lunges forward. The leash pulls out of Kiki's
text: frightened hand.
text: REFLECTION SHOT in the pool. The still water reflects the
text: quick bound and leap of the leopard in its panic flight for
dialog: freedom.
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT - Kiki. She stands leaning against the table,
text: trembling in fright. Behind her Clo—Clo can be seen can be
text: seen on the platform, smiling. Jerry comes into the scene,
text: puts his arm about Kiki's waist.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Are you all right?
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: (wildly, and
dialog: in disgust)
dialog: Now look what you've done.
text: The familiar tone of anger reassures Jerry.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: (briefly)
dialog: You are all right.
text: MED. SHOT - the leopard bounding through the gate.
text: MED. SHOT at the gate. A waiter with a napkin over his arm
text: and a water carafe in his hand, stands aghast, pressing his
text: back to the wall in fear. The water carafe falls with a
text: crash. The waiter holds up his hand, dazed. His hand is
text: streaming with blood.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: EXT. PASAJE DE LAS SOMBRAS - NIGHT
text: SHOT of four policemen, their backs toward us, going through
text: the Alley of the Shadows. Two of them are beating on pots and
text: pans to make a noise. Two others are flashing their
text: flashlights from one side to the other.
text: We TRUCK WITH them down the alley. They bring us to the open
text: end of the passage, athwart which a fire truck is parked.
text: Near this fire truck stands the Chief of Police, Robles, a
text: dignified, well—spoken, Mexican police officer, serious and
dialog: conscientious, very much on duty at all times.
scene_heading: ONE OF THE POLICEMEN
dialog: No leopard, Chief -- no cat, no
dialog: kittens, nothing. We're going to
dialog: tackle the houses
text: Robles nods. He makes a gesture to one of the men on the fire
text: truck and two long lances of light pierce the darkness of the
dialog: alley.
text: LONG SHOT - Pasaje De Las Sombras. The shafts of light from
text: the searchlights cross and re-cross, moving, as they explore
text: the dark jags and corners of the alley. It is one of the
text: oldest streets in town, so narrow that even at noonday, the
text: sun has difficulty lightening its dark shadows. The adobe
text: houses, standing wall to wall, were never built on any
text: straight geometric line; the street makes a dog-leg,
text: meandering, as if loathe to reach its own blind end.
text: MED. LONG SHOT — the mouth of the alley at the other side of
text: the fire truck. This is a-scene of curiosity and confusion. A
text: police cordon has been erected, and several uniformed Mexican
text: policemen are busy shooing away the spectators, foiling the
text: attempts of small boys to get under the ropes, and generally
text: trying to reduce chaos to an ordered hunt for the leopard.
text: At the mouth of the alley, next to the fire truck is parked a
text: curious conveyance, a half-ton truck with a gaudy sign which
dialog: reads:
scene_heading: CHARLIE-HOW-COME
speaker_heading: THE LEOPARD MAN
text: STRETCH LIKE A PANTHER FOR MUSCLES OF STEEL
text: Leaning against a fender of this vehicle is Jerry Manning,
text: hot, disheveled and excited. He is talking with a short
text: Indian, Charlie How—Come, dressed in Levis, a velvet Zuni
text: jacket, and with a battered felt hat on his coarse black
dialog: hair.
scene_heading: CHARLIE HOW-COME
dialog: Remember what you said: Ten bucks
dialog: for the loan of my cat —-two
dialog: hundred and twenty-five if anything
dialog: happened to it.
text: Jerry tries to control his exasperation.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: (with strained patience)
dialog: But nothing has happened to it. It
dialog: got into this alley, and there's no
dialog: way out of it. They'll find it.
scene_heading: CHARLIE HOW-COME
dialog: You don't get the idea, Mister.
dialog: These cops banging those pans,
dialog: flashing those lights -— they're
dialog: going to scare that poor cat of
dialog: mine, Cats are funny. They don't
dialog: want to hurt you -- but if you
dialog: scare them -— they go crazy. These
dialog: cops don't know what they're doing.
text: A little Mexican boy who has seen listening to the
text: conversation between Jerry and Charlie, is suddenly attracted
text: by something off in the darkness. Grinning, he turns on the
text: hand flashlight he is holding and points it off into the
text: darkness of the alley.
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT - Clo-Clo's legs. The flashlight picks up a
text: pair of shapely legs and holds on them as they move forward,
text: The legs stop their walking motion and suddenly begin to
text: stamp with the heel taps that are part of her dance. The
text: light snaps off.
text: MED. SHOT - Jerry and Charlie. Clo—Clo comes in from the
text: left. She grins at the men.
speaker_heading: CLO-CLO
dialog: (to Jerry)
dialog: Maybe, Mr. Manning would like to
dialog: help me? I do not need a leopard. I
dialog: have talent.
text: Jerry is furious and about to make some retort. Clo—Clo
text: laughs and takes her hands from her pockets. She is holding
text: her castanets, and a ribald rattle drowns anything Jerry
dialog: might want to say.
speaker_heading: CLO—CLO
dialog: (moving off)
dialog: Goodnight, Mr. Publicity Man.
text: Jerry glares after her.
scene_heading: EXT. FLOWER SHOP - NIGHT
text: This is a small flower shop. One or two vases hold wilted
text: flowers which have been left in the display window. Behind
text: them is a mirror. In this mirror we can see the mouth of the
text: alley and Clo-Clo as she walks away from the men and comes
text: toward the flower shop.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: Clo—Clo passes the flower shop and continues on.
text: The CAMERA TRUCKS WITH her. She passes several dark doorways
text: and comes abreast of a dimly lit shop. Behind the grimy
text: window of this store is a large hand—lettered sign:
dialog: 
scene_heading: GENUINE GYPSY READINGS
speaker_heading: HAND OR CARD
text: From the dark doorway of this store, a voice calls out.
speaker_heading: MARIA'S VOICE
dialog: Why are you hurrying, Clo-Clo?
speaker_heading: CLO-CLO
dialog: (with a derisive twitter
dialog: of her castanets)
dialog: Oh, it's you. Faker!
text: Suddenly a white, thin hand and arm appears from the shadows
text: of the doorway. The hand holds a deck of cards, extending
text: them toward Clo-Clo temptingly.
speaker_heading: MARIA'S VOICE
dialog: Take a card, Clo-Clo. See what the
dialog: night holds for you.
text: Clo-Clo hesitates. Looks at the deck of cards.
speaker_heading: CLO-CLO
dialog: Your cards are a joke. I wouldn't
dialog: give you a centavo.
text: She starts to move away.
speaker_heading: MARIA'S VOICE
dialog: One card Clo—Clo -- for nothing.
text: Clo-Clo stops. Pretending indifference, she casually reaches
text: out and takes a card.
text: INSERT	ACE OF SPADES in Clo-Clo's hand.
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT of Clo—Clo as she stares at the card. She
text: laughs and flips the card back into the darkness of the
text: doorway, letting the castanets in her other hand speak of her
dialog: disbelief.
speaker_heading: CLO-CLO
dialog: Faker!
text: She starts off along the street.
text: CAMERA TRUCKS WITH her. She passes an open doorway. In the
text: shadow lounges a tall thin man, his figure merging with the
text: darkness. He is smoking. We can see the glow of his
dialog: cigarette.
speaker_heading: CLO—CLO
dialog: (in passing)
dialog: Hello, Shorty.
text: The man disregards a verbal reply, but blows a smoke ring
text: toward her. She pokes' her index finger through the ring
text: playfully and goes on.
text: The CAMERA MOVES WITH her. In the area way of the next
text: building are two lovers, pressed close to each other and
text: close to the wall..
speaker_heading: CLO-CLO
dialog: Oo! Oo!
speaker_heading: THE GIRL
dialog: (protestingly)
dialog: Clo-Clo.
text: Clo-Clo goes on. From a window a young girl is peeping,
text: looking up and down the street with large frightened eye a.
speaker_heading: CLO—CLO
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Hello, Chiquita.
speaker_heading: TERESA
text: (smiling back, a little
dialog: hesitantly)
dialog: Hello, Clo-Clo.
text: Clo-Clo goes on, but our CAMERA REMAINS. This is Teresa
text: Delgado, a wisp of a young girl, whose childish, smooth face
dialog: might go unnoticed if it were not for her enormous and
text: wistful dark eyes. She has on a skimpy cotton dress drawn in
text: at the waist with a five-and-ten cent store belt. Having
text: looked again up and down the street she pulls down the sash
text: and turns back into the room.
scene_heading: INT. DELGADO HOUSE - NIGHT
text: The Delgado house is typical of the poorer Mexican homes in
text: New Mexico. This main room, which is small, serves as living
text: room, bedroom and kitchen. An Indian blanket covers the
text: doorway into the only other room. The adobe walls are
text: plastered with pictures of religious subjects.
text: The wooden floor is bare. There is a charcoal-burning brasero
text: in one corner. Pots and pans on the hearth of the fireplace
dialog: show that it is a supplementary stove, The rest of the
text: furniture consists of an iron bedstead, a large and hideous
text: oak table and an open-faced china cabinet which contains the
dialog: Delgado treasures.
text: Pedro, Teresa's nine-year-old brother is seated at the oak
text: table, eating from a bowl of frijoles. He is, and looks like,
text: an imp. Teresa is backing away from her mother, who turns
text: away from the window to face her angrily.
speaker_heading: TERESA
dialog: (evidently resuming
dialog: a discussion)
dialog: But, Mamacita -- why can't Pedro go
dialog: this time? I'm so tired...
speaker_heading: PEDRO
dialog: (complacently)
dialog: I'm too young.
speaker_heading: SRA. DELGADO
dialog: If your father comes home and there
dialog: are no tortillas, he will shout ——
dialog: and tomorrow it will be all over
dialog: town: the family of Juan Delgado is
dialog: too poor to buy corn meal! Do you
dialog: wish we should be so disgraced?
text: Teresa shakes her head, but makes no move to go. Exasperated,
text: Sra. Delgado reaches for the nearest weapon -- the broom.
speaker_heading: SRA. DELGADO
dialog: Then go!
text: Sra. Delgado brandishes the broom toward Teresa, who backs up
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: PEDRO
dialog: I know what she's afraid of...
text: Pedro lifts his hand. It casts a sharp shadow on the wall
text: behind him. Watching the shadow, he manipulates his fingers
text: so as to create the shadow of a leopard's head in miniature.
speaker_heading: PEDRO (CONT'D)
dialog: This!
speaker_heading: SRA. DELGADO
dialog: And what, por todos los santos, is
dialog: "this"?
text: Teresa braves the threatening broom and moves a step toward
dialog: her mother.
speaker_heading: TERESA
dialog: (eager to be believed)
dialog: The leopard, Mamacita. They say a
dialog: lady at the El Pueblo had it on a
dialog: string and it ran away. It hasn't
dialog: been found yet...
speaker_heading: SRA. DELGADO
dialog: A leopard?
speaker_heading: PEDRO
dialog: (gleefully)
dialog: They're big -- and they jump on
dialog: you!
text: Pedro jumps the shadow on the wall, to simulate the leap of a
dialog: leopard.
speaker_heading: SRA. DELGADO
dialog: (furiously)
dialog: Did you ever meet one of those
dialog: things yet when you went to the
dialog: store for me?
text: Teresa swallows, shakes her head mutely.
speaker_heading: SRA. DELGADO
dialog: (bellowing)
dialog: Then you won't meet one this time
dialog: either! Now get out! Do as I told
dialog: you!
text: Sra. Delgado gives the broom such a backward swing of final
text: purpose that Teresa hurriedly opens the door behind her and
text: slinks out backwards -- her big liquid dark eyes, still
text: futilely pleading, the last to disappear. Sra. Delgado moves
text: after her, pushing the door closed.
text: She puts the broom in the corner and goes to where Pedro is
text: seated. Here she stands a moment, fondly watching him as he
text: masticates his beans. Behind her the door stealthily opens.
text: Teresa tries to sneak back into the room. Mamacita sees the
text: movement and makes a tempestuous rush toward her, but Teresa
text: sidles out of the door before she can be caught. Mamacita,
text: muttering, slams the door shut and with difficulty pushes the
text: heavy, rust-covered iron bolt into place.
scene_heading: EXT. DOORWAY DELGADO HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Teresa stands outside the door. We hear the heavy bolt inside
dialog: driven home forcibly.
scene_heading: SRA. DELGADO'S VOICE
dialog: Now —— you will not come in again,
dialog: not until you bring the corn meal
dialog: with you!
scene_heading: EXT. STREET OUTSIDE DELGADO HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Teresa steps down from the single doorstep outside her house.
text: She crosses her arms and pulls her shoulders together in a
text: gesture of fear. She looks once, despairingly, at the closed
text: door behind her —— and then reluctantly steps out into the
text: dirt road and starts walking.
scene_heading: EXT. CALDERON GROCERY - NIGHT
text: Only a large corner window, with the word. "Provisiones"
dialog: printed on it shows that this ordinary house is a grocery
text: store. In the moonlight, one can see a few boxes of groceries
text: stacked on shelves inside. Teresa comes up to the window and
text: peers in. She knocks on the window.
speaker_heading: TERESA
dialog: Senora Calderon It is Teresa,
dialog: Senor. Teresa Delgado.
text: Over Teresa's shoulder, we see the interior of the little
text: store light up dimly as a curtain is pulled at the back of
text: the room. Beyond the curtain is revealed another room,
text: brightly lit by a bare electric globe hanging from the
text: ceiling on a cord. Under the light, a man sits at a table,
text: heartily eating from a plate heaped with food. The curtain
text: has been pulled back by Senora Calderon. We see her only in
text: silhouette and the details of her face and figure are
text: indistinguishable. We do see, however, that her long black
text: hair is down her back and she is braiding it. She walks a
text: little ways into the darkened store.
scene_heading: SRA. CALDERON
dialog: (speaking loudly to be
dialog: heard through the window)
text: The store is closed.
speaker_heading: TERESA
dialog: I just want a sack of corn meal for
dialog: my father's supper!
scene_heading: SRA. CALDERON
dialog: Tomorrow.
speaker_heading: TERESA
dialog: (imploringly)
dialog: It'll just take a second. ..Please
dialog: ——or I must go clear across the
dialog: Arroyo to the big grocery --
text: Teresa taps against the window hopefully. But Sra. Calderon
text: turns back toward the doorway into the inner room, where the
dialog: solitary feaster hasn't even bothered to look up during this
dialog: exchange.
scene_heading: SRA. CALDERON
dialog: (as she goes)
dialog: It means taking off the lock again,
text: putting on the light, measuring the
dialog: meal. It's too much trouble. Once I
dialog: close, I close!
text: Sm. Calderon steps into the inner room and draws the curtain
text: closed behind her, as she speaks the last words. Again the
text: store is in darkness -- only a rim of light showing around
text: the edges of the curtained doorway.
speaker_heading: TERESA
dialog: (quietly — hopelessly)
dialog: Senora...
text: There is no reply. Teresa turns away.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. EDGE OF ARROYO - NIGHT
text: The Arroyo is a deep narrow cut in the mesa, bone—dry in this
text: season. Its floor of bleached sand and weeds stretches
text: desolately wider a vast moonlit sky. Here and there,
text: children's feet have scuffed steep little trails down the
dialog: banks.
text: Teresa appears at the top of one of these trails. She looks
text: down into the Arroyo -- and then off to the right.
text: A distance down the Arroyo is a bridge which carries a train
text: track across the dry river bed. To divert the rush of rain
text: water in winter and spring, the bridge is underpropped by two
text: slanting stone piers. They stand out like ribs against the
text: blackness of the underpass, which they divide into three
dialog: tunnels.
text: Teresa's face shows her dread of the Arroyo. She turns back
text: the way she came, takes a step away, hesitates and then
text: returns to the edge of the bank.
text: She starts down the little trail, her feet sliding in the
text: loose sand and a shower of pebbles bouncing down ahead of
dialog: her.
scene_heading: EXT.	ARROYO FLOOR — NIGHT
text: Teresa stands at the bottom of the bank. She looks off to the
text: bridge again. Then she starts walking forward slowly, a very
text: little figure in the large loneliness of the night.
scene_heading: EXT. EAST SIDE OF BRIDGE - NIGHT
text: Teresa comes up to the face of the underpass with its three
text: openings. She stares from one black tunnel mouth to another.
text: She glances behind her, then looks at the underpass again.
text: Teresa goes forward again, toward the middle tunnel.
scene_heading: EXT. EAST ENTRANCE OF MIDDLE TUNNEL - NIGHT
text: The roof of the underpass is only a little higher than
text: Teresa's head and the passage is not more than ten feet wide.
text: The opening is dimly lit by the moonlight, but beyond it is
text: dense blackness. Teresa enters slowly. She takes a few steps
text: toward the blackness —- and stops. She listens. Teresa moves
text: forward again, walking as lightly as possible. The light dims
text: rapidly, so that after Teresa has taken a half dozen steps,
text: she is swallowed up in complete blackness.
text: The CAMERA HOLDS for a moment on the dark underpass before
text: Teresa emerges from the blackness on the West side. A light
text: scratching sound is heard. Teresa's eyes widen in panic as
text: she hears it and she hurries out of the tunnel, watching
text: fearfully ever her left shoulder. She must cut across in
text: front of this other tunnel in order to get to the south bank.
text: She starts across, never taking her eyes off the black tunnel
text: mouth. Suddenly she gives a convulsive start and a little cry
text: escapes before she can control it. A shadowy shape, low to
text: the ground, detaches itself from the dimness of the tunnel
text: opening and moves toward her. Almost at once, we see that it
text: is a large tumbleweed, blowing clown the Arroyo in the wind.
text: Teresa sighs soundlessly and goes on to the foot of the bank.
text: She starts scrambling up another steep little path.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT. BIG GROCERY STOPE - NIGHT
text: This is a fairly good—sized room, lined with shelves and
text: counters. A tall, Indian-type Mexican with iron-grey hair
text: puts a paper sack of cornmeal on the counter in front of
dialog: Teresa.
text: She starts toward the door, but noticing a bronze cage with
text: two toy birds in it, a mechanical device which has stood
text: there for years, she goes toward it, puts down her sack of
text: corn meal and goes up close.
speaker_heading: TERESA
dialog: Oh, the toy birds!
speaker_heading: MANUEL
dialog: You've seen them before. I couldn't
dialog: chase you away from the counter
dialog: when you were a little girl.
text: She winds up the bird cage.
speaker_heading: TERESA
dialog: I'd forgotten them.
speaker_heading: MANUEL
dialog: (smiling, goodhumoredly,
dialog: skeptical)
dialog: Every day you see them --and you
dialog: have forgotten them? Oh, I remember
dialog: my little Teresita -- I remember
dialog: the little girl who was afraid of
dialog: the dark. They shouldn't send you.
text: The birds have begun to sing,a highly mechanical rendering of
text: a bird song.
speaker_heading: TERESA
dialog: I'm not afraid. What could happen
dialog: to me?
text: The birds sing and she pretends to listen. Manuel leans
text: against the inner door of the grocery watching her, smiling
text: and amused. Finally his smiling irks her into action. She
text: picks up her sack of corn meal.
speaker_heading: TERESA (CONT'D)
dialog: (as she
dialog: starts off)
dialog: I'll pay you tomorrow.
speaker_heading: MANUEL
dialog: Never fear - - next time you come.
dialog: The poor don't cheat one another.
dialog: We're all poor together.
text: In the bronze cage the two birds continue to sing their
text: mechanical song. Their heads turn from side to side.
text: We hear the door close behind Teresa. The birds are still
dialog: singing as we
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: EXT. CORNER WEST SIDE OF BRIDGE - NIGHT
text: There is a sound of slow, measured dripping. It comes from
text: water seeping out between two rocks and dropping onto another
text: rock below. These rocks are piled up at the juncture of the
text: bridge and the left bank and the water is evidently leaking
text: from some water main or sews go pipe running under the
text: highway overhead.
scene_heading: EXT. WEST SIDE OF BRIDGE - NIGHT
text: Teresa is approaching the entrance of the middle tunnel, She
text: is evidently scared —- her footsteps are lagging and she
text: holds the sack of corn meal in both hands, as if feeling its
text: weight. She looks fearfully at the black tunnel before her
text: and comes to a standstill, trying to peer into the blackness.
text: In the silence, the dripping of the water can be heard.
text: Teresa looks up and to the left to locate the sound. She sees
text: the shining dampness on the rocks. She turns back to the
text: middle tunnel before her -- and, drawing a deep breath of
text: resolution, starts to enter it. But she hesitates and then,
text: suddenly, veers over to the left. She peers into the opening
dialog: of that tunnel.
scene_heading: INT. OPENING OF NORTH TUNNEL - NIGHT
text: The wall of the tunnel is also damp with the seepage from
text: above. It reflects the outer moonlight in glistening streaks,
dialog: so that the blackness here is not so complete as in the other
dialog: tunnel..
scene_heading: EXT. WEST SIDE OF BRIDGE - NIGHT
text: Teresa gets a fresh grip on the bag of corn meal by shifting
text: her hands under it -- and walks into the entrance of the
dialog: north tunnel.
scene_heading: INT. NORTH TUNNEL - NIGHT
text: Again, the crunching sound of Teresa's footsteps are
text: magnified in the enclosure of the tunnel walls. It is very
text: dim, but the luminosity of the damp wall casts a faint light
text: on Teresa, reflecting in her wide, frightened eyes. She walks
text: slowly and lightly, her eyes going from side to side in the
text: darkness, her neck and head held rigidly. Suddenly she stops
text: with a sharp intake of breath, Ahead of her and to her left
text: are two tiny gleams of light. Teresa backs away from them. As
text: she does so, they seem to fall and vanish.
text: Slowly Teresa moves forward again, staring at the place where
text: the lights had been. As she moves parallel to the spot, they
text: appear again. A half-cry dies away in her throat --she sees
text: that the gleams are two drops of seepage, trickling down the
text: side of the tunnel wall. Teresa half closes her eyes and
text: sways a little, faint with fear. Then she forces herself to
text: move forward again. She takes one -- two fearful steps -- and
text: then the underpass reverberates with a sudden tremendous
text: shock of sound -— more a giant vibration than actual noise.
text: It is a train passing overhead.
scene_heading: INT. NORTH TUNNEL - NIGHT
text: As Teresa stands transfixed, the terrific roar continues.
text: Second after second, flashes of light as brilliant as
text: lightning illuminate the interior of the tunnel — the
text: reflections thrown into the Arroyo by the train windows. And
text: then, as abruptly as it began, the noise ceases. It is
text: cavernously dark in the tunnel again. In this thick
text: stillness, Teresa walks forward once more.
scene_heading: EXT. EAST SIDE OF BRIDGE - NIGHT
text: In the frame of the tunnel opening, Teresa stands for a
text: moment. Behind her, there is a new sound -- a mere whisper of
text: sound carried forward on the light wind. A little shower of
text: rubble falls from the top of the concrete pier. Teresa turns
text: to look behind her.
text: Crouched on one of the piers of the trestle -— and seen only
text: very dimly in the darkness -- is the leopard, looking down
dialog: into the Arroyo.
text: An enormous big HEAD CLOSEUP of Teresa.
text: An enormous big HEAD CLOSEUP of the leopard, its clear golden
text: eyes fixed and staring.
scene_heading: EXT. ARROYO FLOOR - NIGHT
text: Teresa's nails dig into the paper sack of corn meal and
text: little trickles of the meal start spilling from the slits.
text: Her eyes widen and her face falls slack from the horrible
text: shock of what she sees. She turns and runs.
scene_heading: EXT EDGE OF ARROYO - NIGHT
text: Teresa scrambles frantically up over the edge of the bank.
text: She stumbles ana falls and the sack of corn meal drops from
text: her hands and spills onto the ground. In a single move,
text: Teresa is on her feet and running again. A shadow flashes
text: over the spilled meal and we hear a heavy, ripping snarl.
scene_heading: INT. DELGADO HOUSE - NIGHT
text: It is quiet and peaceful in the Delgado home. Senora Delgado
text: is puttering about the brasero. Pedro, on all fours, is
text: reading a comic book, his rump high in the air, his chin two
text: inches from the book. Suddenly, a wild rain of knocks on the
text: door fill the little room. Sonora Delgado, at the brasero,
text: drops a spoon with a clatter and Pedro springs up.
speaker_heading: TERESA'S VOICE
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: Mamacita, let me in! Let me in, let
dialog: me in!
speaker_heading: SENORA DELGADO
dialog: Hah!
text: Sonora Delgado smirks knowingly and puts her hands on her
dialog: hips.
speaker_heading: TERESA'S VOICE
dialog: If you love me, let me in -- !
speaker_heading: SENORA DELGADO
dialog: (mimicking Teresa)
dialog: Mamacita -- let me in. Let me in,
dialog: now that I've spent half the night
dialog: getting the corn meal!
speaker_heading: TERESA'S VOICE
text: It's coming -— it's coming closer.
dialog: I can see it...
speaker_heading: PEDRO
text: She is afraid of the leopard.
speaker_heading: SENORA DELGADO
dialog: Just what she needs -- something to
text: nip at her heels and hurry her up -
text: She is interrupted by a scream so high, of such agonized
dialog: finality,that it makes the others before it seem like nothing
text: at all. Mingled with the scream and blurring the end of it
dialog: comes an impact of such violence that the whole door
text: structure shakes with it from top to bottom. A puff of dust
text: wells up around the door from the impact of the blow.
speaker_heading: REPRO
dialog: (his voice high with fear)
dialog: Madre do Dolores, she isn't
dialog: fooling!
text: Pedro jumps to his feet. An instant change has come over the
text: face of Senora Delgado. She hurls herself forward.
speaker_heading: SENORA DELGADO
dialog: (beseechingly)
dialog: Wait, Teresa! I come! I will let
dialog: you in...
text: Senora Delgado tugs at the rusty bolt.
speaker_heading: SEN0RA DELGADO
dialog: Only a moment, querida, hija do mi
dialog: alma -- your mother is here --
text: As Senora Delgado tugs vainly at the bolt, Pedro darts over
text: to the fireplace and grabs up a stone from the hearth.
speaker_heading: SENORA DELGADO
dialog: Your mother will let you in - -
text: Pedro rushes to the door and pushes his mother's hands aside.
text: He hammers the unruly bar back with the stone.
text: Then, he draws back and looks down at his feet. Senora
text: Delgado's horrified eyes follow his glance.
text: Under the crack of the door seeps a dark tongue of blood,
text: widening and lengthening on the rough wooden floor.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
text: CLOSE SHOT of display window. The flowing blood dissolves
text: into a film of water flowing across the window.
text: The CAMERA PULLS BACK and we see a long handled squeegee come
text: down the left hand side of the window, clearing a strip of
text: clear glass. Through this clear glass we look into C. T.
text: Johnson's Undertaking Parlor.
scene_heading: INT. UNDERTAKING PARLOR - DAY (AS SEEN THROUGH THE WINDOW)
text: This shop occupies an ordinary store building. The display
text: window contains a solitary wreath of gilded leaves. Behind
text: this wreath is a green baize curtain. The shop itself has a
text: sad air of unctuous gentility. On the left side of the room
text: are coffins on polished brass tressels. These coffins are
text: half open to reveal the luxurious satin linings. In the back
text: is a roll-top desk and swivel chair. In the rear of the shop
text: is a door leading to the embalming room. This is curtained
dialog: with the sane green baize. Over this whole interior is the
text: eerie moire light that comes through the water-flowing
dialog: window.
text: Uncomfortable and stiff in their grief, we see the Delgados.
text: The fat Senora, the little boy and the father in his stiff
text: blue serge Sunday suit, stand near the wall. With them is a
text: nun in the sweet, sad costume of the Carmelite order. At the
text: other side of the room stands Kiki, somewhat abased, and very
text: ill at ease in the presence of the Delgados' grief.
text: The window cleaner steps closer to the glass, lifts up his
text: long handled squeegee and opens up another strip beside the
dialog: first.
scene_heading: INT. UNDERTAKING PARLOR - DAY
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT of the doorway taking in the Delgado family.
text: Senora Delgado is weeping, with tears running unchecked down
text: her big flat cheeks. Her husband, unable to express his
text: grief, stands twisting a cheap velour hat in work-gnarled
text: hands. The little Delgado boy, unable to comprehend the
text: finality of death is interested and quick-eyed, letting his
text: glance rove from one object of interest to another, then
text: suddenly bored, as is the manner of children, distracts
text: himself by making the leopard shadow on the wall.
text: From the other room we can hear, the sound of men's voices,
text: not clearly distinguishable, but growing in clarity. Kiki
text: opens her purse, fumbles out a little soiled sheaf of bills
text: and crosses the room. She hands the money to the nun.
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: (in a half whisper)
dialog: Sister, I'd like the family to have
dialog: this -- might help with the funeral
dialog: expenses.
text: The nun smiles, nods her head and tucks the money up under
text: her sleeves. Kiki crosses back to the other side of the room.
text: Midway through this action, the voice in the other room has
text: risen in volume and clarity so that we hear the coroner
text: speaking. From behind the green baize curtain the words come
text: in that solemn, yet routine fashion, which is the specialty
text: of county clerks and other minions of the law.
speaker_heading: CORONER'S VOICE
dialog: ...this evidence having been
dialog: presented before me on this, the
dialog: tenth day of April, I hereby
dialog: declare that Teresa Guadalupe Maria
text: Delgado was brought to her death by
dialog: violence, resulting from the
dialog: release of a wild animal, a
text: leopard, purportedly on theatrical
dialog: exhibition in this city -- Death by
dialog: accident.
text: As the last word is spoken, Jerry makes his appearance
text: through the doorway. His face is drawn and earnest,
text: reflecting the ordeal of looking at the mutilated remains of
text: the young girl. He crosses the room toward Kiki.
text: MED. SHOT of Jerry as he takes his place beside Kiki. He
text: looks at her as if seeking some comforting sign of
text: friendliness. She keeps her eyes purposely averted from him.
text: MED. SHOT. Through the curtained doorway come the coroner and
text: Robles. The coroner carries a sheaf of papers in his hand.
text: Coming through the doorway quickly, he turns and seats
text: himself at the desk in order to sign and seal these
dialog: documents.
text: Chief Robles, with his uniform cap in his hand, goes over to
text: the Delgado family. In his face we can see the sympathy and
text: feeling he has for his fellow townsmen. Fe puts his arm about
text: Delgado's shoulder and embraces him with that peculiar
text: Mexican embrace in which the hand and arm thump the
text: embraces's shoulders.
speaker_heading: ROBLES
dialog: It's all right, my friend. It is
dialog: the will of God.
dialog: The genuineness of his sympathy and the sincerity of his
text: voice take the banal touch from these simple words. Jerry
text: looks on with interest. He turns to Kiki.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: (sotto voce)
dialog: Suppose I slip them a few bucks —
dialog: for the funeral expenses.
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: Don't be soft.
text: She pulls sharply at his arm to emphasize the point. He
text: shrugs, abashed.
text: From the inner room a fourth man comes out, a medium sized
text: gentleman in a light gray business suit with a felt hat in
text: his hand. His face seems stiff and he walks a little bit
text: unsteadily. Passing Jerry, he extends his hand and pats
text: Jerry's arm.
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: An unfortunate accident. Nobody
dialog: blames you, Mr. Manning. You
dialog: mustn't feel badly.
text: Jerry nods; not at all anxious for further condolences.
text: Galbraith goes on to stand in the doorway. Robles leaves the
text: Delgado family and comes over to where Jerry and Kiki are
dialog: standing.
speaker_heading: ROBLES
dialog: You can go now, Manning. There is
dialog: no way we can hold you legally
dialog: responsible.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Thanks, Sheriff.
text: Robles passes on a step or two, and then with a glance at
dialog: Jerry.
speaker_heading: ROBLES
dialog: That leopard's got to be found. I'm
dialog: forming a posse. I can use help. -
text: From the doorway, Galbraith answers quickly.
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: Count me in.
text: Jerry makes an impulsive move forward -- then stops himself.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: I haven't done any posse work since
dialog: last time I rode with Toni Mix at
dialog: the old Bijou Theatre -- aged six,
dialog: If you're interested,
speaker_heading: ROBLES
dialog: Go on foot.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: It's not for me.
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: I'm literally and figuratively a
dialog: tenderfoot.
text: He lifts one foot and pats the ankle to illustrate his point.
text: Robles passes on and out of the doorway, Galbraith joining
text: him. With a backward look at the Delgado family, and a little
text: hesitantly and slowly, Jerry and Kiki also leave the funeral
dialog: parlor.
scene_heading: EXT. UNDERTAKER'S PARLOR - DAY
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT - Jerry and Kiki as they stand in the center
dialog: of the sidewalk.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: I suppose he was trying to make me
dialog: feel bad.
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: And I suppose you don't feel bad!
text: Before Jerry can protest.
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: Who was the other man?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: I don't know —— a witness. He
dialog: seemed to know something about
dialog: animals -- you know -- expert
dialog: testimony.
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: What did he have to do -— look at
dialog: the body?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: We all, had to look at the body. It
dialog: was awful, Kiki -- awful!
text: Kiki makes a movement as if to put her hand comfortingly on
text: his sleeve, then changes her mind, dropping her hand.
text: MED. SHOT - Undertaking Parlor - as the Delgado family
text: emerges and starts down the street. The mother and father
text: walk ahead, the father's arm about the mother's shoulder.
text: They are followed by Pedro, his hand in the Nun's hand as
text: they walk together. Kiki and Jerry fail to see them, and it
dialog: is necessary for Senor Delgado to ask for room.
speaker_heading: SENOR DELGADO
dialog: Excuse, please.
text: Jerry and Kiki move hurriedly out of the way to let the
text: little group of mourners go past. Jerry and Kiki stand
text: watching them for a moment.
text: CLOSEUP of Jerry, his expression betraying anxiety and
dialog: indecision.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT CLO-CLO'S DRESSING ROOM - LATE AFTERNOON
text: LARGE HEAD CLOSEUP of Maria. The beautiful face of the
text: fortune teller, coifed and framed in the folds of a shawl,
text: looks pure and Madonna—like. Her downcast eyes add to the
text: holy feeling. Then, suddenly, her hand comes up and puts a
text: lighted cigarette droopingly between her lips. The Madonna
text: pose is shattered as though a stone had been thrown into
text: still water.
text: The CAMERA MOVES BACK to show Maria seated at Clo-Clo's
text: dressing table, dealing out the cards. The last card to leave
text: her hand is the Ace of Spades. She gazes at it for a moment,
text: then hastily rakes up the deck and shuffles the cards.
dialog: Behind her during this entire scene we have heard the tinkle
text: of Moorish finger cymbals in metronome-like rhythm, the
text: sounds spaced far apart.
speaker_heading: CLO-CLO'S VOICE
dialog: That card again?
text: MED. SHOT - Clo-Clo and Maria. Clo-Clo is behind Maria. She
text: has on a practice suit; black jersey leotards to the waist
text: and a black silk bandeau about her breasts. She is using the
text: chair rail of the dressing room as a bar to practice a ballet
text: step while she beats out the slow rhythm of her exercise with
text: the Moorish finger cymbals. Maria again deals the cards and
text: Clo-Clo continues to play and practice. There is a
text: contrapuntal rhythm between the dealing of Maria's cards and
text: the slow tinkle of the cymbals.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: I made a mistake. It was a
dialog: misdeal. I'll try once more.
text: The cards "slap—slap' as she deals. As they fall, Maria
dialog: speaks.
speaker_heading: MARIA (CONT'D)
dialog: It's a blackcard and bad card, but
dialog: not the card of the cat -— not the
dialog: card of four—footed things.
speaker_heading: CLO-CLO
dialog: I saw Teresa. Maybe I was the last
dialog: to see her except perhaps her
dialog: Mamacita and her little brother. I
dialog: was going past --
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: (still dealing) )
dialog: They buried Teresa today and they
dialog: were hunting the leopard again --
dialog: out in the country this time. But
dialog: they didn't get him.
speaker_heading: CLO-CLO
dialog: They're fools. Why don't they let
dialog: Charlie How-Come hunt it alone.
dialog: He's an Indian.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: All men are fools. They like to
dialog: make a big show -— shout and hunt --
text: She is about to deal the last card, when she stops and looks
text: at it, then sweeps up the deck without dealing the remaining
dialog: card.
speaker_heading: CLO-CLO
dialog: The bad card again?
text: Maria nods.
speaker_heading: CLO-CLO
dialog: What did they say before the bad
dialog: card came up?
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: You'll meet a rich man and he will
dialog: give, you money.
speaker_heading: CLO-CLO
dialog: (disdainfully)
dialog: You and your cards. Meet a rich
dialog: man! I look for them with money.
dialog: What rich man hasn't money. And for
dialog: what was I born if it wasn't for
dialog: money? You're not telling me
dialog: anything.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: (with a shrug)
dialog: Watch and see, A day or a week -
dialog: but certainly this month -- you
dialog: will have money from a man and then-
speaker_heading: CLO—CLO
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: And then what?
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: I will have to read the cards
dialog: again. There was a mistake.
speaker_heading: CLO-CLO
dialog: (shooing her out)
dialog: You and your mistakes. Get out!
dialog: I've got to dress for the supper,
dialog: show and I don't want you to put
dialog: the evil eye on me. Vamoose!
text: Maria unhurriedly snuffs out her cigarette, pockets her cards
text: and starts for the door. As she opens the door, we see Jerry
text: Manning going past, dressed in slacks and sports shirt,
text: carrying his coat over his arm. He is dusty and tired. Clo
text: Clo looks after him with a malicious grin.
scene_heading: INT. DRESSING ROOM DOORS - NIGHT
text: SHOT of Jerry as he knocks at Kiki's door.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Are you decent?
text: From inside we hear Kiki's voice.
speaker_heading: KIKI'S VOICE
dialog: Yes. Come in.
text: He opens the door. We can see she is seated in the armchair
text: and has a magazine in her hand which she has been reading.
text: She is dressed in street clothes.
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: Well, does everybody love us now?
dialog: You've been gone long enough to
dialog: soft—soap twenty editors!
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: (without particular
dialog: conviction)
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: (drawling)
dialog: And did you find the leopard?
text: Jerry realizes that Kiki is onto him. He gives her a look as
text: if to say, "So you knew." He bends down and starts brushing
text: at his trousers.
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: It must be the altitude —— you,
text: bucking around the countryside with
dialog: a lot of boot—and—saddle boys --
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: (trying to explain)
dialog: The whole town's in a state, Kiki
text: ——doors locked, people huddling
dialog: together like scared sheep ——nobody
dialog: on the streets at night ——
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: (bitterly)
dialog: Our first real break -- and we
dialog: throw wild animals at the audience
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Forget it. I'm buying a drink for a
dialog: fellow who was on the posse with
dialog: me, a nice guy. Come along he'll
dialog: get a great kick out of meeting
dialog: you.
text: Kiki picks up her hat from the dressing table and goes toward
text: the door slowly. Jerry finishes brushing his clothes.
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: Who is he?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: You remember the fellow this
dialog: morning -- Galbraith. You've got
text: time before the supper show.
text: Kiki joins him in the doorway and they start down the
dialog: corridor.
scene_heading: INT. EL PUEBLO CAFE - NIGHT
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT of Eloise coming toward camera. She is in
text: professional costume, and passes slowly along the front of
text: the bar. She is smiling and opening a package of cigarettes.
speaker_heading: JERRY'S VOICE
dialog: (evidently at end of long
dialog: recital)
dialog: ..And it was sand, sand every foot
dialog: of the way --
text: Eloise turns and the CAMERA TURNS WITH her. She stops at a
text: small table where Jerry, Kiki and Galbraith are seated. She
text: hands the package of cigarettes to Jerry. (Note: Kiki is
text: wearing her hat in this scene)
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: (finishing and paying for
dialog: cigarettes)
dialog: ——	As long as my feet held out.
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: And not a sign of the leopard?
text: Galbraith shakes his head, Jerry smiles his thanks to Eloise.
text: She goes on out of scene.
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: Jerry told me you were an expert
dialog: with animals, Mr. Galbraith.
dialog: Couldn't you tell where it went?
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: To know where that leopard went - —
dialog: I'm afraid you'd have to be a
dialog: leopard and think like a leopard. I
dialog: was a naturalist. That hardly
dialog: qualifies me as an expert in
dialog: hunting down lost leopards. I used
dialog: to teach zoology in a little
dialog: fresh—water college back East. I
dialog: gave that up.
text: Kiki is just normally curious, not conscious that she is
dialog: prying.
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: What do you do now?
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: There's a little museum here in
dialog: town. They've hired me to run it,
dialog: We've some interesting exhibits of
dialog: Indian arts and crafts. It's fun --
dialog: and I like living here in New
dialog: Mexico.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: Why did you give up teaching?
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: (after a little pause)
dialog: Various reasons.
dialog: (switching the
dialog: conversation)
dialog: But I can't see why you'd be
dialog: interested in the rather dusty
dialog: career of William Galbraith —
dialog: teacher, naturalist, curator --
dialog: when you lead such a gay and
dialog: exciting life yourself.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: (wryly)
dialog: Show business?
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: Yes. It's always fascinated me.
dialog: (confidentially)
dialog: You know, once, when I was a
dialog: youngster, I went to see Mrs.
dialog: Leslie Carter in "Zaza." After the
dialog: play I stood in the alley just to
dialog: watch her come out.
text: Both the younger people laugh at his unabashed simplicity.
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: (to Kiki)
dialog: So you see meeting you is a real
dialog: thrill for me.
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: Well, I'm hardly Mrs. Leslie Carter
dialog: —whoever she was. In fact, I'm not
dialog: even much of a success around here
dialog: particularly after the backfire on
dialog: Jerry's little publicity stunt with
dialog: the leopard.
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: That was unfortunate.
speaker_heading: KIKI
text: (with a hard look at
dialog: Jerry)
dialog: That was a calamity!
text: She nods her head toward the main door.
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: Look!
text: MED. LONG SHOT including the table and the door beyond.
text: Through this doorway Clo-Clo emerges in her costume. She
text: enters with the proud step of a reigning favorite. There is a
text: light spatter of applause from the bar and the tables on the
text: porch. Clo—Clo, taking the castanets from her bosom, begins
text: walking toward the dancing space. Passing the table where
text: Kiki, Jerry and Galbraith sit, she grins broadly end
text: maliciously. Leaning slightly toward them she makes a
text: derisive sound on her castanets, then stalks on. They follow
text: her with their eyes as she starts down the steps. From the
text: audience in the main portion of El Pueblo cafe comes the
text: sound of brisk applause and Clo—Clo's answering hail on the
text: castanets. Her dance music begins. Kiki starts getting up.
text: The two men rise with her.
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: (she rises)
dialog: Well, I'm next. You won't hear
dialog: anything like that, Mr. Galbraith.
dialog: (gesturing toward
dialog: applause)
dialog: I'm not a popular favorite since I
dialog: let the leopard loose.
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: (with heavy gallantry)
dialog: I'm sure if you are as talented as
dialog: you are charming, Miss Walker, you
dialog: have nothing to worry about.
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: (moving off)
dialog: Thanks.
text: Galbraith starts to knock out his pipe on the heel of his
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: Well, I'd best be off.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: (putting a restraining
dialog: hand on his forearm)
dialog: I want to ask you something.
text: Galbraith looks at him questioningly.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: It's about the leopard.
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: You're worrying about its killing
dialog: someone else?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Yes. I want to go out and patrol
dialog: the town - be everywhere at once -
dialog: be sure nothing happens to anybody.
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: Of course. It's the way any decent
dialog: man would feel in your position.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: You know about animals -- their
dialog: habits -- will it come back?
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: No. I'm quite sure.
text: Jerry gives a little sigh of relief.
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: There is no danger at all. It's a
dialog: wild animal. Do you think a wild
dialog: animal prefers walls, streets and
dialog: people when it can get into open
dialog: country?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: (terribly anxious to be
dialog: convinced)
dialog: That's right, of course.
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: (starting toward the
dialog: steps)
dialog: Don't feel so concerned, Jerry.
text: As they descend the stops together, the CAMERA HAVING PANNED
text: LEFT to stay with them, now DOLLIES BEFORE them as they go
text: down the path, toward the fountain. They come abreast of the
text: fountain and Galbraith pauses a moment.
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: I've seen a bit of life, and I have
dialog: learned one thing. We are like that
dialog: ball dancing on the fountain. We
dialog: know as little about the forces
dialog: that move us and move the world
dialog: around us as that empty ball, which
dialog: lives only because the water pushes
text: it into the air, lets it fall and
dialog: catches it again. You shouldn't
dialog: feel too badly about Teresa
dialog: Delgado.
text: CLOSE SHOT - the fountain. We see the ball rising and falling
text: — oscillating in its movement.
text: Clo-Clo is dancing, and although we can not see her, we can
text: hear the click of her castanets, the quick, hard tread of her
text: feet. We catch an occasional glimpse of her shadow, as she
text: passes in dancing on the other side of the fountain.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT EL PUEBLO CAFE - EARLY MORNING
text: CLOSE SHOT of the fountain. The jet of water has been turned
text: off and the ball floats quietly on the surface of the
text: innermost basin.
text: MED. LONG SHOT of Clo-Clo, as she makes her way to the gate.
text: She is dressed in street clothes. Bus boys are busy piling
text: chairs onto the tables while two young maids are hosing down
text: the tiles. Cigarette butts, bits of paper and ether odds and
text: ends of the night's trade litter the cafe and go swishing
text: ahead of the streams of water.
text: Clo-Clo smiles to one of the young maids as she passes.
speaker_heading: CLO-CLO
text: A long night, Chiquita.
speaker_heading: MAID
dialog: (straightening up and
dialog: shutting down the hose
dialog: with her thumb)
dialog: How long can a night be, Clo-Clo,
dialog: when you spend it dancing?
speaker_heading: CLO-CLO
dialog: (passing by)
dialog: Twice as long as a day with your
text: mop and pail.
text: The girl laughs and lets the water of the hose spray out
text: again. Clo-Clo goes on, out of the gate.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: EXT. THE STREET - EARLY MORNING
text: TRUCKING SHOT of Clo-Clo as she walks wearily down the
text: deserted street. She is smoking a cigarette.
text: Swinging from one hand is the little ornamented chamois bag
text: in which she keeps her castanets. She comes to the flower
text: store, sees that it is open and, throwing her cigarette away,
text: starts in.
scene_heading: INT FLOWER STORE - EARLY MORNING
text: MED. SHOT - Rosita, Senora Contreras' maid, has selected a
text: bouquet of long stemmed roses from a large tin bucket. As she
text: holds them aloft the flower vender, a chubby good-natured
text: little Mexican in his late fifties, gently wraps a piece of
text: newspaper around the wet stems.
speaker_heading: FLOWER VENDOR
dialog: (indicating the stems)
dialog: Roses are like children -— some
dialog: have short legs and some long.
text: The flower vendor laughs loudly, his body vibrating. Rosita
text: sees no humor in this remark and taking a coin from her
text: pocket, hands it to him. Still chuckling, the vendor moves to
text: his cash drawer, to make change. In the b.g., Clo-Clo can be
text: seen entering the store. She tiptoes forward directly behind
text: the flower vendor and ignoring Rosita completely, snatches a
text: wilted gardenia from a tin. The flower vendor has caught this
text: action in the mirror and whirling, pulls the gardenia out of
text: her hand,and at the same time turns back to the cash drawer.
text: Clo—Clo isn't at all abashed by the vendor's action.
speaker_heading: CLO-CLO
dialog: You can't sell it - it's a day old.
speaker_heading: VENDOR
dialog: But my stomach isn't a day old. If
dialog: I don't sell flowers -- I don't eat
dialog: -— and I love to eat.
text: Clo-Clo tries a new approach. Coyly she winks at him.
speaker_heading: CLO-CLO
dialog: I'll tell everybody you gave it to
dialog: me, -- that will be good for your
dialog: business.
speaker_heading: VENDOR
dialog: Yes, -- but bad for my wife.
text: The vendor drops the change into Rosita's hand, then turning
text: on Clo-Clo, shoes her off with a motion.
text: ANOTHER ANGLE — taking in Rosita at edge of stall. She looks
text: off at Clo-Clo and with a grand gesture, pulls a long stemmed
text: rose from the bouquet.
speaker_heading: ROSITA
dialog: My mistress, Consuelo Contreras,
dialog: does not have to beg for flowers.
dialog: She won't miss one.
text: Rosita flings a rose to Clo-Clo. Clo-Clo catches it. With a
text: snap she breaks the stem and thrusts the rose into her hair.
speaker_heading: CLO-CLO
dialog: (impudently)
dialog: Thank the Senorita for me.
scene_heading: EXT STREET - EARLY MORNING
text: MED. LONG SHOT. The CAMERA PANS WITH Rosita as she hurriedly
text: crosses the street and mounting the opposite sidewalk, enters
dialog: the Contreras' home.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRANCE HALL CONTRERAS' HOME - EARLY MORNING
text: It is a cool, shadowy square room. At the back is a stairway.
text: The floor is tiled. Through an arched grilled doorway, we can
text: see the living room beyond. The front door opens and Rosita
text: steps in hurriedly, her heels clicking on the tile floor.
text: Three people are standing waiting. They are Senora Contreras,
text: Cousin Felipe and Marta, an old servant who is more companion
text: than maid in the household by this time. Marta is dressed all
text: in black -— dress, shoes and apron. Her grey hair is dragged
text: back to a knot. She wears tiny gold loops in her pierced ears
text: and a gold cross at the fastening of her high collar. Senora
text: Contreras, a dignified, imposing woman with the remnants of
text: great beauty still apparent in her expressive eyes and lovely
text: hair, is dressed in a flowing lacy negligee. In her arms she
text: carries a little Chihuahua dog. Cousin Felipe is a dapper
text: little cat of a man, meticulously dressed in the proper
text: apparel of thirty years ago. The Senora and Cousin Felipe are
text: waiting on the stairs. Marta is in the hail.
speaker_heading: MARTA
dialog: (crossly)
dialog: Shhh!
speaker_heading: SENORA CONTRERAS
dialog: (softening the rebuke,
dialog: whispering)
dialog: It will spoil the birthday song,
dialog: Rosita, if we wake her too soon.
text: Rosita nods contritely. Walking with exaggerated care, she
text: joins them and they all start up the stairs.
text: The CAMERA FOLLOWS them as they go upstairs.
scene_heading: INT. UPPER HALLWAY - EARLY MORNING
text: SHOT of Senora Contreras, Marta and Rosita as they come up to
text: the landing and start on tiptoe toward a door. The Senora
text: Contreras puts her hand on the knob softly. Cousin Felipe
text: pulls a single rose from Rosita's armful. Marta sees him -
text: she glares but says nothing.
scene_heading: INT. CONSUELO'S BEDROOM - EARLY MORNING
text: Although the curtains of the room are drawn, the softly
text: filtered daylight shows this to be a room of delicacy and
text: lightness. The simplicity of the white walls, the sheer
text: curtains hanging across the barred, embrasured windows, the
text: lovely lace coverlet and the pretty young-girl trinkets on
text: the dressing table give the room an air of lightness.
text: As the door swings inward, the sunlight fills the room. Then
text: we see, lying in the bed, serenely asleep, Consuelo
text: Contreras. This is her eighteenth birthday.
text: Senora Contreras walks to the foot of the bed and stands
text: looking down at her daughter. She smiles sadly. In still,
text: untroubled sleep, the full vulnerability of Consuelo's youth
text: is touchingly apparent.
text: Marta stands to one side, a little behind Senora Contreras.
text: Cousin Felipe remains in the background, near the open door.
text: Rosita tiptoes cautiously to the head of the bed and
text: carefully puts down the roses, so that the blossoms lie in
text: the curve of Consuelo's outflung arm. She has to drop on one
dialog: knee to do this and she stays in this position, slowly
text: drawing her hands away from the flowers. They start singing
dialog: "Las Mananitas" the traditional birthday song of Mexico --
text: singing very softly at first.
text: Consuelo stirs slightly and then opens her eyes. Lying as she
text: does, the first thing she sees are the roses, lying beside
dialog: her.
text: She lifts her eyes from the roses to see Rosita's eager
text: smiling face, almost on a level with her own. Rosita's smile
text: broadens but she goes on singing dutifully.
text: Still bemused, but beginning to smile faintly herself,
text: Consuelo looks beyond Rosita and sees Cousin Felipe standing
text: back by the door. Very much the gallant, he touches his
text: stolen rose to his lips and tosses it to Consuelo.
text: Consuelo continues her survey of the room and turns her eyes
text: to the foot of the bed.
speaker_heading: CONSUELO
dialog: (happily and lovingly)
dialog: Madrecita!
text: Senora Contreras nods slowly, but continues to sing with the
text: others as they go into the chorus.
text: Consuelo starts to sit up, pulling the roses to her.
text: Rosita gets up, too, and props the pillows behind her young
text: mistress. Senora Contreras comes around the bed and sits on
text: the edge of it as the song finishes.
speaker_heading: ROSITA
dialog: Good morning on your birthday,
dialog: Senorita Consuelo --
text: Marta goes to one of the windows and motions Rosita to the
dialog: other.
speaker_heading: MARTA
dialog: It is a good morning, nina -- see
dialog: how the sun is shining for you - -
text: Marta draws back the curtains and the room, already light,
text: seems to grow even lighter. Senora Contreras leans forward
text: and kisses Consuelo's forehead.
speaker_heading: CONSUELO
dialog: What a lovely way to wake up!
text: She looks from the bouquet of roses to the single rose that
text: Cousin Felipe threw onto the bed. She picks it up and holds
text: it to her face.
speaker_heading: CONSUELO
dialog: It is so beautiful, Cousin Felipe.
dialog: Thank you for buying it!
text: At Consuelo's first words, Cousin Felipe begins to beam. But
text: he glances across the room and encounters Marts's grin,
dialog: sardonic glance just as Consuelo says "How carefully you must
text: have picked it out!" Abashed, he murmurs something
text: unintelligible and quietly slips out of the room.
text: At the window, Rosita has been standing with her back to
text: Marta, staring fixedly at Consuelo to attract her attention.
text: She makes a little notion with her hands now and Consuelo
text: glances at her. Smiling secretively, Rosita draws a white
text: envelope part way out of her apron pocket, just enough to let
text: Consuelo see what it is. Then she hastily puts it out of
text: sight again. There is a sudden light in Consuelo's eyes. She
text: is transfigured with a really exultant happiness.
speaker_heading: SENORA CONTRERAS
dialog: (amused)
dialog: Had you forgotten that it was your
dialog: birthday? I believe you had --
text: Consuelo gives a helpless little laugh of delight, throws her
text: arms around her mother end puts her head down against her
text: mother's shoulder.
speaker_heading: CONSUELO
dialog: I'm so happy -- so happy!
text: Senora Contreras pats the girl's head fondly. Marta, leaving
text: the room, smiles at mother and daughter.
speaker_heading: MARTA
dialog: (turning at the door)
dialog: Rosita!
text: Rosita slowly walks away from the window and toward the door,
text: But as soon as Marta has gone out of the door, she stops at
text: the dressing table on the pretext of dusting the bottles with
dialog: her apron.
text: Senora Contreras rises, with difficulty, and also goes to the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: SENORA CONTRERAS
dialog: Hurry now, my sweet, or we will be
dialog: late for mass.
text: As Senora Contreras leaves the room, Rosita whirls around
text: from the dressing table.
speaker_heading: CONSUELO
dialog: (excitedly)
dialog: Quick! Give it to me!
text: Rosita hands Consuelo the letter, Consuelo tears it open and
text: reads the few lines. From her expression, one sees that even
text: the handwriting of her beloved fills her with happiness.
speaker_heading: CONSUELO
dialog: He will be waiting...
speaker_heading: ROSITA
dialog: (eager to help)
dialog: You must say that you went to take
dialog: some of the roses to your father's
dialog: grave...
speaker_heading: CONSUELO
dialog: (reading the note again)
text: At four. He will be there at four.
text: She goes to the window and looks out.
text: CLOSE SHOT of Consuelo at window.	Beyond her we see the sun
text: dial on the wall.	It is seven o'clock and the shadows lie
text: thick and heavy in the morning quadrant.
speaker_heading: CONSUELO
dialog: The time will never pass.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: At a French window in the living room downstairs, Consuelo is
text: pulling aside the heavy lace curtains and looking out. Beyond
text: her we see the big sun dial and the shadows lie heavy in the
text: afternoon quadrant. It is nearly 5:00. She drops the curtain
text: and turns back into the room.
text: MED. LONG SHOT - living room. Senora Contreras is half
text: reclining in a chaise lounge. Consuelo is sitting on a petit
text: point footstool beside the chaise lounge. Both of them have
text: embroidery frames in their hands. They are working on very
dialog: fine, sheer pillow cases,
speaker_heading: CONSUELO
dialog: (nervously)
text: It seems to be getting darker in
dialog: here.
text: Senora Contreras glances over at the bright sunlight in the
dialog: windows.
speaker_heading: CONSUELO
dialog: Aren't you afraid you will have a
dialog: headache from working so long,
dialog: Mama?
speaker_heading: SENORA CONTRERAS
dialog: If we don't work on these a little
dialog: each day, they will never be done -
dialog: and you will be a poor bride.
text: Consuelo looks at her mother curiously and a little
text: apprehensively. Senora Contreras smiles but does not reply. A
text: clock on the mantel strikes five in tiny bell tones. Consuelo
text: looks at the clock desperately. Senora Contreras puts down
text: her embroidery frame.
speaker_heading: SENORA CONTRERAS
dialog: It is late, isn't it? Too late, I'm
dialog: afraid, for you to go to the
dialog: cemetery now.
text: Consuelo jumps to her feet.
speaker_heading: CONSUELO
dialog: But I must go to the cemetery,
dialog: Mamas! It's my birthday -- I must!
text: Senora Contreras studies the girl's troubled face. She
text: reaches out her hand, takes Consuelo's hand and pulls the
dialog: girl to her.
speaker_heading: SENORA CONTRERAS
dialog: I did not come into this world a
dialog: middle—aged widow, mi hijita...
text: Consuelo shakes her head in agreement -- but looks puzzled.
speaker_heading: SENORA CONTRERAS
dialog: Anything you think -- anything you
dialog: do - - I thought and did before
dialog: you. And my mother before me...
text: Consuelo nods dutifully.
speaker_heading: SENORA CONTRERAS
dialog: You are so young. I don't want you
dialog: to look back on anything lacking in
dialog: dignity, a few years from now.
speaker_heading: CONSUELO
dialog: (murmuring)
dialog: No, Mama --
speaker_heading: SENORA CONTRERAS
dialog: Naturally, young men will become
dialog: interested in you. They should come
dialog: here, to our house. They should be
dialog: introduced to you by their parents
dialog: or your Cousin Felipe or some other
dialog: older relative -—
text: Consuelo nods again. She glances uneasily at her mother and
text: then her eyes go frantically to the clock. Senora Contreras
text: lets go Consuelo's hand and leans back against the chaise
text: lounge. She gives a little sigh of defeat.
speaker_heading: SENORA CONTRERAS
dialog: Very well -- get Rosita and go.
speaker_heading: CONSUELO
dialog: Thank you, Mama -- I'll hurry -
dialog: I'll be right back!
text: Consuelo leans over, kisses her mother hastily and then
text: rushes out of the room. Senora Contreras looks at the doorway
text: through which Consuelo has passed. She smiles.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY WALL - DUSK
text: TRUCKING SHOT - Consuelo and her maid are walking along the
text: wall, quickly. Rosita is carrying the roses in her arm.
speaker_heading: ROSITA
dialog: (importantly)
dialog: Pedro is waiting for me, too.
speaker_heading: CONSUELO
dialog: (shyly)
dialog: Rosita —— I have wondered -—
speaker_heading: ROSITA
dialog: What, senorita?
speaker_heading: CONSUELO
dialog: When you are going to see Pedro,
dialog: does your heart beat until you
dialog: tremble?
text: Rosita shrugs. Consuelo lifts one of the roses to her face.
speaker_heading: CONSUELO
dialog: Once Raoul took my hand and pressed
text: it to his cheek —- so gently, so
dialog: longingly. Suddenly I was afraid
dialog: for him -- afraid of everything in
dialog: the world that might hurt or sadden
dialog: him. He saw the tears in my eyes --
text: Consuelo is silent, her face ecstatic, remembering.
speaker_heading: ROSITA
dialog: (almost sullenly)
dialog: Love is different for different
dialog: people.
speaker_heading: CONSUELO
dialog: (slowly — thoughtfully)
dialog: I suppose so. I suppose it will be
dialog: different for us, too —— when
dialog: everyone knows. Then we will be
dialog: just like other people.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: But these last weeks will always be
dialog: our secret —— a lovely secret to
dialog: remember all our lives.
scene_heading: EXT. GATES OF ALL SAINTS CEMETERY - TWILIGHT
text: The light is already dimming when Consuelo and Rosita come up
text: to the gates. In front of the ponderous wooden gates, folded
text: back like great dark wings, stands the gatekeeper of the
text: cemetery. Fe is a very tall, incredibly thin, old man,
text: dressed in a tight black alpaca suit. He has built a little
text: fire in the gutter and stands warming himself by it. In his
text: hands is an unfinished wooden necklace which he is carving.
speaker_heading: ROSITA
dialog: (hurriedly)
dialog: I will see you back at the house,
dialog: Senorita...
text: Consuelo nods and Rosita hurries away down the street. The
text: gatekeeper looks up.
speaker_heading: GATEKEEPER
dialog: You're late today, Senorita.
speaker_heading: CONSUELO
dialog: I have brought my birthday flowers
dialog: for my father's grave -- it will
dialog: only take a moment - -
speaker_heading: GATEKEEPER
dialog: Time is strange. A moment can be as
dialog: short as a breath --or as long as
dialog: eternity -- don't linger - -
text: Consuelo starts through the gates, not paying any attention
text: to the old man's words.
speaker_heading: GATEKEEPER
dialog: (calling after Consuelo)
dialog: The gates are locked at six --
text: There is no reply. The old man shrugs his shoulders and
text: hunches over his little Lire again.
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY - C0NTRERAS FAMILY PLOT - EVENING
text: The headstone of Don Rafael Contreras' grave, white stone,
text: with a bronze wreath, is shadowed by the failing light of
text: sunset. The headstone reads:
scene_heading: INSERT	RAFAEL CONTRERAS y GARCIA
scene_heading: PRAY FOR HIS SOUL
text: BACK TO SCENE. Consuelo's flowers lie across the grave.
text: Consuelo is half kneeling, half sitting beside the grave.
speaker_heading: CONSUELO
dialog: (low, but speaking
dialog: perfectly naturally and
dialog: conversationally)
dialog: And so you must forgive me, father,
dialog: for deceiving mother. She will meet
dialog: Raoul soon -- and everything will
dialog: be as you would wish. I promise.
text: Consuelo rises and crosses to a near-by path. She looks into
text: the growing shadows of the cemetery -- then up into the
text: trees. Only the tops of them are lighted by the last rays of
dialog: the sunset.
scene_heading: EXT PATH LEADING TO BELVEDERE IN CEMETERY - DUSK
text: Consuelo hurries along a path, with trees and graves on
dialog: either side.
scene_heading: EXT BELVEDERE IN CEMETERY - DUSK
text: Just off the path is a little belvedere, a circular hedge
text: spaced at intervals by Grecian columns. Inside, a marble
text: bench curves half-way around the hedge. Consuelo approaches
text: it. Seeing the belvedere empty, she looks puzzled. She steps
text: into the belvedere and then turns back and looks into the
text: lowering gloom of the cemetery.
speaker_heading: CONSUELO
dialog: (uncertainly)
dialog: Raoul? ... Raoul...
text: Consuelo waits, Her face is filled with disappointment and
text: the first faint uneasiness of apprehension as the silence
text: continues. She turns back into the belvedere.
scene_heading: INT BELVEDERE - NIGHT
text: On the ground a number of partly smoked cigarettes have been
text: stamped out -— and another lies on the marble bench. Consuelo
text: picks it up and looks at it.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: EXT. ENTRANCE OF CEMETERY - NIGHT
text: From the inside of the cemetery, we see one of the wooden
text: gates swinging closed,
scene_heading: EXT GATES OF CEMETERY
text: The Gatekeeper is laboriously pulling the other gate closed.
text: Suddenly, he stops. He pushes the gate back open a little
text: way and, standing in the opening, takes	a whistle from his
text: pocket and puts it to his lips. It has a high, thin,
text: quavering sound.
scene_heading: BELVEDERE IN CEMETERY - NIGHT
text: Consuelo is seated on the marble bench, her posture dejected,
text: lost in thought. In the distance, the whistle sounds faintly.
text: She does not stir.
scene_heading: EXT GATES OF CEMETERY - NIGHT
text: The Gatekeeper gives two mere short blasts on the whistle.
scene_heading: INT BELVEDERE IN CEMETERY - NIGHT
text: Consuelo raises her head as the quavering notes sound in the
text: distance. For a moment, she looks puzzled -- then her eyes
text: widen in horrified recognition of the sound. She jumps to her
dialog: feet.
scene_heading: EXT. BELVEDERE IN CEMETERY - NIGHT
text: Consuelo steps out of the inclosure. She looks up into the
text: tree tops. They are only darkness now, merging with the
text: almost complete darkness of the sky above. Consuelo runs down
dialog: the path.
scene_heading: EXT. GATES OF CEMETERY- NIGHT
text: The Gatekeeper stands listening for a moment and then
text: continues pulling the gate toward him until it clicks shut
text: with the other gate. He drops the whistle into his coat
text: pocket and, from the same pocket, pulls out a large key. He
text: turns it in the lock of the gate. He turns around and moves
text: toward the street and his little gutter fire. His shadow
text: moves enormously on the gate.
scene_heading: EXT MAIN AVENUE OF CEMETERY - NIGHT
text: We see Consuelo running down a broad avenue in the cemetery.
scene_heading: EXT GATES OF CEMETERY - NIGHT
text: MED. LONG SHOT of the closed cemetery gates. The Gatekeeper
text: has disappeared. The little fire burning away in the empty
text: street makes the loneliness of the scene more apparent.
scene_heading: EXT. ENTRANCE OF CEMETERY - NIGHT
text: Panting, Consuelo flings herself against the closed gates,
text: tugging at the handle.
speaker_heading: CONSUELO
dialog: Let me out! Help —— helps! Let me
dialog: out of here!
text: Looking desperately anxious, Consuelo turns. She looks across
text: the cemetery and then starts running back up the main avenue.
scene_heading: EXT. CROSSROAD OF CEMETERY - NIGHT
text: At the head of the avenue, several paths fan out in a half
text: circle. Consuelo stands looking from one to another. She
text: chooses the center oath and runs into the tree—thickened
dialog: darkness
scene_heading: EXT. PATH BETWEEN BOX HEDGES -- NIGHT
text: Consuelo runs at breakneck pace down a path. On either side
text: are box hedges taller than she is.
scene_heading: EXT FORKED PATH - NIGHT
text: The path Consuelo is on splits into two paths. In the V of
text: the fork is a single grave and over it hovers a tall shaft of
text: marble carved in the likeness of a brooding angel with folded
text: wings and bowed head. Consuelo locks about frantically and
text: then leans against the base of the statue, gasping for
text: breath. Suddenly a wind springs up and the silence is broken
text: into a thousand rustles and murmurs as the wind stirs through
text: the trees. Consuelo shivers and slowly lifts her head to look
text: up toward the tree tops. She looks directly up into the face
dialog: of the statue.
text: CLOSEUP of the angel's face is curiously sinister because
text: there is light touching its contours.
text: Consuelo whirls about to find the source of light. Through
text: the wind-stirred branches she sees the great, lop—sided moons
text: just rising into the night.
text: She stumbles away from the statue and down the right—hand
text: path, walking a few steps, then running a few steps, trying
text: to force herself to rush on.
text: Consuelo stands looking down into the old burial ground, a
text: depression filled with weed-grown graves and ancient wooden
text: headstones, either crazily askew or down entirely. It is
text: entirely surrounded by the tall trees of the cemetery —— and
text: the moonlight seems to fill the place with mist. Consuelo
text: starts down the slope.
scene_heading: EXT. OLD BURIAL GROUND IN CEMETERY - NIGHT
text: There are no paths here. The weeds grow solidly across the
dialog: ground — except where a grave, here and there, has fallen In
text: and its earth is broken into clods. Consuelo stumbles about
text: aimlessly. As she crosses one of the mounds, her foot strikes
text: a fallen wooden marker. It is rotten and the green light of
text: phosphorescene flashes across it,
scene_heading: EXT. PATH LEADING TO WALL IN CEMETERY - NIGHT
text: Moving again between tall trees, Consuelo moves on, no longer
text: able to run. But when she sees a whiteness between the trees
text: ahead of her, she does spur herself forward more rapidly.
scene_heading: EXT. WALL OF CEMETERY - NIGHT
text: Consuelo flings herself against the wall, her face alight
dialog: with hope.
speaker_heading: CONSUELO
dialog: (calling loudly)
dialog: Help! Help! Help!
text: There is silence. Slowly, keeping her hands pressed against
text: the wall and moving sideways, Consuelo goes alongside the
text: wall until she comes to a tree growing very close to the
text: wall. In fact, one massive bough extends out over the wall
text: and Consuelo looks up at it hopefully. Then her expression
text: changes — becomes tense.
text: CLOSE SHOT of Consuelo. Her eyes are wide and frightened.
text: From the other side of the wall comes a sound — a light,
text: scratching sound, exactly the same sound as that heard by
text: Teresa Delgado in her first trip through the underpass
text: tunnel. Listening intensely, Consuelo turns her head until
text: her ear is pressed against the wall. Now, we hear the sound
text: more distinctly — as she is hearing it — but it is still a
text: light, feathery sound. Then, suddenly, it ceases. And as
text: Consuelo strains to hear it again, there is the sharp, hollow
text: clap of a car door carelessly flung shut just outside the
text: wall. It is followed by the grind of a car starter. Consuelo
text: jumps up.
speaker_heading: CONSUELO
dialog: Wait —— wait!
text: The car motor starts. Pressing herself against the wall,
text: Consuelo screams again and again. Finally, as the unseen car
text: starts to slip away, the roar of its motor subsides and at
text: that moment Consuelo's scream sounds clearly. Brakes rasp.
speaker_heading: AUTOIST'S VOICE
dialog: Hello -— who's that?
text: Consuelo is breathing in such convulsive gasps that she
dialog: cannot emit any sound for a moment.
speaker_heading: CONSUELO
dialog: (weakly)
dialog: Here! I'm in here behind the wall!
text: There is the sound of a car door being opened, and then
text: footsteps beyond the wall.
speaker_heading: CONSUELO
dialog: I've been locked in. Please get me
dialog: out -—
speaker_heading: AUTOIST'S VOICE
dialog: Now, don't get panicky. I'll climb
dialog: over and get you --
text: Pressed tightly against the wall, Consuelo listens. She hears
text: running footsteps and then the thud of someone jumping up at
text: the wall, trying to get over it with a running start. Once,
dialog: twice.
speaker_heading: AUTOIST'S VOICE
dialog: I can't make it. You wait there and
dialog: I'll get someone to lend me a
dialog: ladder - -
text: There is the sound of the car door banging shut again.
speaker_heading: CONSUELO
dialog: (frantically)
dialog: No, don't leave me! Don't go away —
speaker_heading: AUTOIST'S VOICE
dialog: But you're all right now. It's just
dialog: a matter of a few minutes!
speaker_heading: CONSUELO
dialog: You won't forget —— you'll come
dialog: back?
speaker_heading: AUTOIST'S VOICE
dialog: Stay just where you are...
text: The roar of the motor fills the scene again. Then it is quiet
speaker_heading: AUTOIST'S VOICE
dialog: Be back before you know it.
text: There is the sound of the car drawing away. The sound of it
text: lessens, fades — is swallowed in renewed silence. Consuelo
text: stands against the wall, motionless. She turns fearfully, so
text: that her back is to the wall, and peers into the shadows.
text: Suddenly she stiffens.
text: CLOSE SHOT of Consuelo. Her eyes widen. She turns her head so
text: that her ear is close to the wall. And again we hear the
text: curious scratching sound, and with it, another sound —-- a
text: soft, living, breathing sound, as of animal nostrils
text: snuffling along the wall, searching the scent of prey. There
text: is a brief silence, and then Consuelo's head snaps up as we
text: hear a soft padding sound near the top of the wall. She sees
text: only the moon, just visible in the space between the tree
text: bough and the top of the wall. There is nothing to be seen ——
text: but a rustling sound comes from the top of the wall.
text: Consuelo's eyes are motionless, fixed on the bough overhead.
text: Very gradually, the great bough lowers, blotting the moon
text: from view. Consuelo presses her back against the wall, as if
text: she would push herself into it, escape through it. Her head,
text: thrown back, is motionless — her eyes watching the ominous
text: movement of the great bough, are motionless. And as she
text: stares, a spasm of terror contorts her face. The bough
text: suddenly springs back and the moon can be seen for one
text: instant. During that instant we hear simultaneously a low,
text: horrible snarl and a scream. Both are cut off as the whole
text: scene blacks out.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY WALL - DAY
text: A HIGH ANGLE SHOT through the branches of a great tree
text: overhanging the wall shows a scene of sad activity.
text: Consuelo's body, covered with a light canvas sheet, lies the
text: at the foot of the tree. Five ladders, three against the
text: outside wall, two against the inside wall, form a curious
text: pattern of bars and stripes in the clean morning sunlight.
text: Uniformed policemen and plain—clothesmen bustle about. One of
text: them is making a moulage of footprints, his little working
text: space roped off with twine and stakes Others are examining
dialog: the tree.
text: Two policemen, one uniformed, stand at the side and between
text: them stands a young man dazed and broken, almost hanging in
text: the grip of the officers. He is sobbing. This is Raoul
text: Belmonte. Suddenly he screams out hysterically.
speaker_heading: BELMONTE
dialog: Why? Why? Why?
text: The policemen gently shake him into silence.
text: Robles, followed by Galbraith and Jerry come up over the
text: ladders. Robles climbs down the inside ladder as does
text: Galbraith, but Jerry, being younger, leaps down.
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT — SHOOTING TOWARD the wall.
speaker_heading: BELMONTE
dialog: (crying out)
dialog: Why?
text: Robles looks over questioningly. The uniformed policeman, a
text: Mexican, answers.
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN
dialog: El novio.
scene_heading: PLAIN- CLOTHESMAN
dialog: (almost simultaneously)
dialog: The boy friend.
speaker_heading: ROBLES
dialog: (not unkindly)
dialog: Shut that man up. Take him out of
dialog: here or give him something to keep
dialog: him quiet.
text: As the two officers lead Belmonte away, Jerry looks after him
text: - his face deeply troubled. The three men then turn toward
text: the shrouded body. A police officer, an American with a
text: lieutenant's bars an his shoulders, stands at the head of the
text: corpse. He bends down, lifts up the canvas, and Robles and
text: Jerry peer under for a brief minute. Galbraith does not look.
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
text: The leopard again.
speaker_heading: ROBLES
dialog: Any witnesses?
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: Just secondary witnesses -— the man
dialog: who Was coming to help her out --
dialog: the man he borrowed the ladder from
dialog: - - they found the body --and the
dialog: gatekeeper.
text: The gatekeeper, who has been standing near one of the
text: policemen, takes a half step forward.
speaker_heading: GATEKEEPER
dialog: I warned her. I told her the gates
dialog: would be closed.
speaker_heading: ROBLES
dialog: (quieting him)
dialog: That's all right, paisano, it's not
dialog: your fault, we know.
text: The old man shuffles back.
speaker_heading: ROBLES
dialog: (to Lieutenant)
dialog: Anything else -— clues?
text: The Lieutenant points to a square cardboard box on the
text: ground. Galbraith picks it up.
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: It's the leopard all right. A
dialog: broken claw --	some black hairs -—
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
text: There arc claw marks on the tree.
text: They cross to the tree.
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: He must have made these getting
dialog: out. Notice the way they've been
text: dug in from above.
speaker_heading: NOBLES
dialog: (pointing to the ground)
dialog: And these leaves. They don't fall
dialog: this time of year. They must have
text: shaken down on her when it jumped.
text: Jerry has been looking from one bit of evidence to the other,
text: puzzled. He turns to Galbraith.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Doc -- something you said the other
dialog: day --
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: It doesn't jibe with this —— you
dialog: told me the leopard would go out
dialog: into the country —- it wouldn't
dialog: stay in the city ——
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: Sure -- certainly —- but what's
dialog: that got to do with this?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: (a little hesitantly)
dialog: That's what I don't understand --
dialog: why should it come here -- and why
dialog: didn't it stay here? It's got trees
dialog: and bushes here -- outside nothing
dialog: but cement and asphalt.
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: (a little impatient)
dialog: Jerry, I talked to you about the
text: habits of an ordinary wild leopard.
dialog: This leopard is another matter
dialog: entirely - - a caged animal
dialog: travelling around with Charlie How
dialog: Come for years and years.. That's
dialog: why it kills human beings.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: It doesn't know how to hunt its
dialog: natural prey.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: But it doesn't eat what it kills.
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: Caged animals are unpredictable.
dialog: They're like frustrated human
dialog: beings. I can't answer your
dialog: question.
speaker_heading: ROBLES
dialog: That's why it just mauls and tears
dialog: at them.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Something's wrong with this whole
dialog: setup --
speaker_heading: ROBLES
dialog: Yes, there is something wrong.
dialog: People who want publicity and don't
dialog: mind how they get it --what risks
dialog: they make other people run - - what
dialog: agony and sorrow they bring to
dialog: other people --
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: I know all that, chief, and I don't
dialog: like it any better than you do, but
dialog: there's something else --
text: Robles is about to reply. Galbraith stops him.
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: Just a minute, Robles.
dialog: (indicating Jerry)
dialog: Let him go on.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: I can understand about the cat
dialog: killing the first girl. Charlie How
dialog: Come told me. All that noise and
dialog: those lights -- scared crazy it
dialog: would do anything. Last night there
dialog: was nothing to disturb it. Just a
text: little girl alone in a cemetery.
speaker_heading: ROBLES
dialog: What are you getting at?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Nothing much -- just that it might
dialog: not be a cat this time.
text: Robles smiles, Galbraith shakes his head. Jerry starts for
dialog: the ladder.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: MED. SHOT - Charlie How-Come's truck. Charlie is standing on
text: the tailboard of the truck with a rubber exerciser in his
text: hands. Beside him is an empty cage. He is giving his spiel
dialog: but has only managed to attract an audience of small Mexican
text: boys who obviously have not a dime among the dozen of them.
text: Jerry is standing by watching him, obviously waiting for him
dialog: to finish.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (spieling)
dialog: Health - - vigor -- vitality --
scene_heading: s-t-r-e-t-c-h --
dialog: (suiting the action to the
dialog: word)
dialog: ...s t r e t c h. Watch the
dialog: panther! Watch the lion in the
dialog: jungles! What do they do -- s-t-r-e
dialog: t-c-h.
dialog: (quieter and more
dialog: confidential tone)
dialog: Strength -- strength and vitality.
dialog: Here I can sell you the secret of
dialog: the cat's strength -- the cat's
dialog: vitality. Only a dollar. Only a
dialog: dollar.
text: The group of small boys, sensing that this is the end of the
text: show, have already started to disappear. Charlie climbs
text: stiffly down from the truck and faces Jerry.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Can't make a buck without my
dialog: leopard. I tell you, Mr. Manning,
dialog: you gotta find that cat for me --
dialog: or pay up.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Look, Charlie, just be patient.
dialog: I'll fix everything. You don't want
dialog: that cat, anyway. It killed two
dialog: people.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: No, sir. That girl in the cemetery?
dialog: My cat didn't kill that girl. I
dialog: told you cats don't go around
dialog: looking for trouble. If that cat's
dialog: alive, it's out in the country
text: hiding under a bush, starving to
dialog: death.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: (interested, but
dialog: concealing it)
dialog: You really think so, Charlie?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: That cat ain't mean. I feed him out
dialog: of my own hand for six years. Why
dialog: don't he kill me? At night in the
text: truck, I let him out of the cage.
dialog: When I am falling asleep I hear him
dialog: walking back and forth. I go to
dialog: sleep. He don't hurt me.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: They all say the cat killed this
dialog: second girl.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: They don't say it to me.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: I'd like one of them to say it to
dialog: you, Charlie. I'd like to have you
dialog: hear his side of it his reasons.
dialog: Want to hear them?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: (taking his elbow)
dialog: Let's get in your truck.
text: They climb into the truck.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Where's that man?
speaker_heading: JERRY
text: Up at the museum.
text: Charlie puts his foot on the starter and the motor coughs and
text: wheezes into reluctant activity.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: EXT. PORTICO OF THE MUSEUM — DAY
text: The museum is built on a hilltop and from the portico we
text: overlook the sagebrush and mesquite-covered hills of New
text: Mexico, rolling away to the horizon. At one end of this open
text: porch an old Indian hand loom has been set up and here an
text: Indian woman in Zuni costume sits patiently weaving a rug,
text: the shuttle flying back and forth monotonously, and the foot
text: pedal creaking as she changes threads. Charlie and Jerry come
text: into the portico and cross to the door. They push open the
text: heavy bronze door and enter the museum.
scene_heading: INT. MUSEUM - DAY
text: This museum, probably erected with the aid of government
text: funds, is well-proportioned and severely plain. A portico, a
text: long, rectangular display room and a combined office and
text: workshop in an alcove off the main room comprise the museum.
text: The display room has glass showcases containing various
text: Indian artifacts. On the walls are examples of Indian rug and
dialog: blanket weaving, masks and ceremonial properties.
text: Galbraith's workshop is completely practical. A trestle table
text: with an office armchair behind it, book shelves and transfer
text: cases containing labeled shards and artifacts are in this
text: alcove. On the trestle table, which Galbraith uses as a desk,
text: is a reading glass on a fixed stand which he uses to examine
dialog: specimens.
text: Charlie and Jerry walk in. Charlie has evidently been here
text: before because he shuffles down the main aisle through the
text: display room without looking around. Jerry keeps pace with
text: him but glances from side to side at various pieces. At the
text: end of the museum they turn and enter the little alcove where
text: Galbraith is seated at his desk. He is sharpening a pencil
text: and does not look up. They wait.
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: (looking up)
dialog: Why, hello.
text: He gets up, comes around the table.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: You know Charlie How-Come?
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: We're old friends.
text: Charlie nods.
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: (to Jerry)
dialog: Come to look around?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: More or less.
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: I'll take you about. Got some nice
dialog: things.
text: He starts off and they follow him.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: (as they walk)
dialog: Charlie and I were talking. That's
dialog: one reason I wanted to see you.
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: (looks at him)
dialog: About Charlie's leopard?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Yes.
text: They have reached the display room and pause a moment. From
text: this point on, the CAMERA TRUCKS WITH them as they go.
text: Galbraith acts as cicerone, conducting them about, walking
text: ahead of them as he displays the exhibits.
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: Here is something that should
dialog: interest Charlie - a stone leopard
dialog: head made by his ancestors some six
dialog: hundred years ago. They used it in
dialog: ceremonies. The jaguar -- in fact
dialog: all the cat family -- were
dialog: considered the personification of
dialog: force and violence in their
dialog: religious rites.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (squinting at it)
dialog: It don't look like a leopard to me.
text: They walk on. Jerry has paid no attention to the exhibit.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Charlie doesn't think the leopard
text: killed the girl in the cemetery.
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: (turning, with a smile)
dialog: Charlie likes his leopard.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Sure, I like my leopards
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: But he admitted quick enough that
dialog: it killed the first girl.
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: (patiently)
dialog: Well, Charlie, just why do you
dialog: think your cat didn't kill the
dialog: Contreras girl?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You know -- not scared enough.
dialog: Nothing to scare it.
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: If a leopard didn't do it, who did?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: It could be a man.
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: It could be. Why would a man kill
dialog: her? For what? It wasn't robbery.
dialog: It wasn't a crime of jealousy or
dialog: passion. She had no enemies.
text: Charlie shrugs.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: There are all sorts of men. You get
dialog: to see some funny ones as a
dialog: reporter.
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: (sagely)
dialog: I can understand what you mean -
dialog: demented men, pathological cases.
dialog: But what sort of man would kill
dialog: like a leopard and leave the traces
dialog: of a leopard?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Some crazy guy.
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: But he would have to know about
dialog: leopards - have access to leopard
text: claws and hair.
text: They walk on. Galbraith points out a nicely molded jug.
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: Here's our prize exhibit - an
text: artifact of the Paleolithic period.
text: He looks into the case with a glance almost of affection,
text: then turns back to Jerry.
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: We had given up digging in a
dialog: certain barrow. I went back and I
dialog: tried again. I just had a hunch.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: (thoughtfully)
dialog: A hunch -- that's all I've got
dialog: about this leopard thing. It's just
dialog: a hunch, yet I feel it deep in the
dialog: stomach. It was a man!
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: Yes, but what sort of a man?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: (turning toward Charlie
dialog: chuckling)
dialog: You, Charlie -- you know leopards.
dialog: You might have had an old claw
dialog: around somewhere, and perhaps a bit
dialog: of hair from the cage -— eh?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (seeing the joke, with a
dialog: wide grin)
dialog: Sure!
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: No. I'm serious about this.
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: (still smiling)
dialog: Oh, I'm only exploring your theory.
dialog: Let's take a step further. You
dialog: drink, don't you, Charlie?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I drink.
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: And when you drink, you get drunk.
text: Charlie nods.
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: Then what do you do?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I sleep it off.
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: But between the time you leave the
dialog: cant ma and fall into bed in that
dialog: old truck of yours, what happens,
dialog: Charlie?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: (stopping near the door)
dialog: That's just it, Charlie. That's
dialog: what I'm driving at. You could do
dialog: anything in that time.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Charlie wasn't drunk last night.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (very worried)
dialog: Yes, I was drunk, Mr. Manning.
text: Galbraith makes a gesture with his arms as if to say "There
text: you are." Charlie shakes his head.
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: (with a wide friendly
dialog: smile)
dialog: See? There's a suspect for you,
dialog: Jerry.
text: Jerry looks over at Charlie, who is very woebegone, worried
dialog: and nervous.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: (taking his arm, kidding)
dialog: Come on, Charlie. Let's go find
dialog: another and better suspect.
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: Don't you want to see the rest of
dialog: the exhibit?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Some other time.
text: The men nod to each other. Jerry leads Charlie out.
scene_heading: EXT. MUSEUM PORTICO - DAY
text: Charlie and Jerry come out of the museum and stand for a
text: moment on the edge of the steps. Behind there the Indian
text: woman continues working at her loom, the heavy shuttle goes
dialog: back and forth.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I'm sick.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: (reaching into his pocket)
dialog: Here have a cigarette. He was only
dialog: kidding.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: No, he wasn't kidding. I'm sick.
dialog: Claw women? Hurt little girls? No!
text: Jerry is still holding the cigarette out toward him.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I don't know. I want to see Robles.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: What do you want to see him for?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I want him to lock me up.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Look, Charlie, you didn't do it,
dialog: and you know you didn't.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I don't know. I want him to lock me
dialog: up.
text: He starts forward and Jerry goes with him.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: EXT. ENTRANCE TO THE ALLEY - DAY
text: Charlie's truck is parked at one corner. He, Jerry and Robles
text: stand in front of it talking.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: The Doc's right. I don't know what
dialog: I do when I get drunk. I don't
dialog: know.
speaker_heading: ROBLES
dialog: This is crazy, Charlie. You know
dialog: you didn't do it.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You'd better lock me up.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: I've been trying to tell him,
dialog: Sheriff. He won't listen to me.
speaker_heading: ROBLES
dialog: Let me get one thing clear. Did
dialog: Galbraith make a direct accusation?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: No. He was kidding Charlie.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You'd better lock me up. If I do
dialog: things like that I want to be put
dialog: away. I don't want to hurt nobody.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ROBLES
dialog: (takes his arm)
dialog: All right, Charlie. If it will
dialog: relieve your mind, I'll put you
text: away for a few days.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT. JAIL - NIGHT
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT -Charlie holding on to some cell bars, stands
text: brooding. O.S., we hear the sound of castanets. Charlie lifts
text: his head to look out of an unseen window.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: TRUCKING SHOT - Clo-Clo, dressed in dancing costume, with a
text: black shawl over it, passes along the street, clicking her
text: castanets idly. From afar we hear a sad, sweet Mexican love
text: song, being sung in a high tenor voice.
text: Clo-Clo passes a dimly lit doorway, and we see a woman
text: sprinkling holy water on the door step from a font that hangs
text: beside the door.
speaker_heading: MEXICAN WOMAN
dialog: Valganos Dios.
text: She makes the sign of the cross and softly closes the door.
text: Further down the street, two policemen pass Clo—Clo, walking
text: in step. She grins at them.
speaker_heading: CLO-CLO
dialog: Two men for one beat? Afraid of the
dialog: big cat?
speaker_heading: FIRST POLICEMAN
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: Sure. I've got a family.
text: They pass on. The CAMERA FOLLOWS Clo—Clo. The love song has
text: grown louder and clearer and now we come to its source. A
text: young boy is perched on ton of some vegetable crates on an
text: old truck parked alongside the curb. He is singing for his
text: own pleasure and hardly notices Clo-Clo as she passes.
text: Smiling, she lifts one pair of castanets to follow the beat
text: of his song. He waves to her and she passes on into the
text: darkness beyond the truck.
text: The CAMERA HOLDS for a moment on the young boy as the
text: castanets, playing the rhythm of his song, fade away in the
dialog: distance.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: EXT. PATIO OF EL PUEBLO - NIGHT
text: The patio is pretty well filled with patrons. Clo-Clo,
text: crossing the patio from the entrance gates to the bar in the
text: rear, skirts the dance floor —- watching the customers with
text: amusement. In doing so, she almost bumps into a waiter with a
text: full tray. To let him pass, she backs aside and stands by one
dialog: of the tables.
text: At this table are three people; John Brunton, his daughter,
text: Helene and her husband, Dwight.
text: John Brunton is a heavy—set, rather impressive looking man of
text: about sixty Because he is an older man with the air of
dialog: authority which comes from success and money, you have to
text: look twice to catch both the gaiety and the gentle irony in
text: his eyes. Helene and Dwight are two of his closest reasons
dialog: for that irony. They are nice-looking, well—groomed, somewhat
dialog: conventionally smart people.
text: Waiting for the waiter to go by, Clo-Clo half turns and looks
text: down at the three people. She smiles.
speaker_heading: CLO-CLO
dialog: Hello —-
text: Helene looks up coolly at Clo-Clo and then reaches for her
text: cigarette case. Dwight, with a faint smile which is intended
text: to put brash women in their places, busies himself lighting
text: Helene's cigarette. Brunton looks up at Clo-Clo end gives her
text: a friendly smile.
speaker_heading: BRUNTON
dialog: Hello, there.
text: Clo-Clo continues on her way to the bar, without looking
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
text: (fretfully looking at his
dialog: wristwatch)
dialog: It's been half an hour since we
dialog: ordered.
speaker_heading: BRUNTON
dialog: Let's have a drink while we're
dialog: waiting.
text: Brunton leans back a little and cranes his neck to see if he
text: can locate the waiter. Helene puts her hand over his on the
dialog: table.
speaker_heading: HELENE
dialog: (sweetly)
dialog: Don't bother. I don't want one -—
dialog: do you, Dwight?
text: Dwight, disinterested, shrugs his shoulders. Helene gives him
text: one of those say-something-dope looks.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: (hastily)
dialog: No —- no, thank you.
text: The music has stopped and the dancers applaud in the brief
text: pause, Then the orchestra starts again -- this time a tango.
speaker_heading: BRUNTON
dialog: (brightening)
dialog: Want to dance, Helene?
speaker_heading: HELENE
dialog: (shrugging her, shoulders)
dialog: I suppose so --
text: As she starts to rise, he gets up to pull back her chair.
speaker_heading: HELENE
dialog: Dwight --
text: Dwight rises from the table and the two of them walk over to
text: the dance floor. Brunton watches them as they go off. Then he
text: walks away, in the direction of the bar.
scene_heading: INT. BAR AT EL PUEBLO - NIGHT
text: Quite a crowd of people are standing around the bar, either
text: waiting for their drinks or drinking them there. Others are
text: seated at the small tables here and there on the veranda that
text: houses the bar. At a table quite near the steps leading down
text: to the patio, Clo-Clo is seated. A tall, thin goblet of beer
text: stands in front of her.
text: Brunton starts up the steps.. Seeing him, Clo-Clo grabs the
text: beer and puts it on the floor between her chair and the
text: veranda railing. Then she starts looking toward the bar, as
dialog: if waiting for someone to wait on her.
text: As Brunton comes to the top of the steps Clo-Clo just
text: "happens" to catch his eyes.
speaker_heading: BRUNTON
dialog: (pleased)
dialog: Hello!
speaker_heading: CLO- CLO
dialog: (turning on the charm and
dialog: the gamin grin)
dialog: I think we are playing tag -- or
dialog: maybe hide-and-seek, huh?
text: Brunton steps over to her table and stands with his band on
text: the back of the unoccupied chair - - a little uncertainly.
speaker_heading: BRUNTON
dialog: Is someone with you -- can I get
dialog: you a drink?
speaker_heading: CLO-CLO
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: EXT. PATIO AT EL PUEBLO - NIGHT
text: Helene and Dwight are seated at the table again. A waiter is
text: serving the dinner they hate been waiting for.
speaker_heading: HELENE
dialog: (savagely)
dialog: It's taken this	impossible trip to
dialog: show me what an old fool father has
dialog: become!
text: Dwight rises from the table.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: I'll look for him. He's probably in
dialog: the bar.
speaker_heading: HELENE
dialog: Probably.
scene_heading: INT. BAR AT EL PUEBLO - NIGHT
text: Brunton is now seated at the little table with Clo-Clo. Near
text: them, a waiter is preparing to open a bottle of champagne
text: from an ice bucket.
speaker_heading: BRUNTON
dialog: (to the waiter)
dialog: Just a moment
dialog: (to Clo—Clo)
dialog: Look —- you've ordered this stuff
dialog: like a sensible girl --but you
dialog: don't have to drink it.
text: Clo—Clo studies him, a little warily.
speaker_heading: BRUNTON
dialog: Do you want it? Or do you want
dialog: another beer?
text: He looks over the side of the table and gently nudges the
text: hidden goblet with the toe of his shoe, For a moment Clo—Clo
text: is startled — then she begins to grin.
speaker_heading: BRUNTON
dialog: (to the waiter)
dialog: Two beers -- big ones!
text: Brunton looks off toward the steps. An expression of dismay
text: comes over his face. Clo—Clo turns around to see Dwight
text: coming up to them. Dwight looks from Clo-Clo to the unopened
text: champagne —- and then smiles at his father-in—law with a
text: disagreeably "understanding" smirk.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: They've finally gotten around to
dialog: our dinner --
speaker_heading: BRUNTON
dialog: (shortly)
dialog: I'll be there In a few minutes.
speaker_heading: DWIGHT
dialog: (nasty-nice)
dialog: Sorry -- but you know how Helene is
dialog: -- she's been worrying about you --
text: Still smiling, Dwight turns away. Clo-Clo looks after him and
text: then straightens around and faces Brunton again.
speaker_heading: BRUNTON
dialog: My son—in—law. What do you think of
dialog: him?
speaker_heading: CLO-CLO
dialog: (flippantly)
dialog: That depends. How much money has
dialog: he?
text: Brunton studies her -- not disapprovingly, but as he would
dialog: study a child or an animal that appealed to him.
speaker_heading: BRUNTON
dialog: When you marry champagne, Clo-Clo,
dialog: you can't trade it in for beer.
dialog: You're stuck with it.
speaker_heading: CLO-CLO
dialog: I can't understand that fancy talk.
dialog: (excitedly)
dialog: You mean I'm a gold-digger? Sure,
dialog: I'm a gold-digger -- why not?
speaker_heading: BRUNTON
dialog: (echoing her calmly)
dialog: Why not -- if you like it —- if
dialog: that's what you really want.
text: Clo-Clo sniffs angrily. The waiter serves the two glasses of
text: beer. Clo—Clo grabs hers and gulps thirstily.
speaker_heading: CLO-CLO
dialog: Maybe I should just forget all
dialog: about money - - forget about mamma
dialog: and the kids and the rent, huh -
dialog: marry some poor dope like -- oh,
dialog: like Carlos Dominguez - - and get
dialog: fat and —-
speaker_heading: BRUNTON
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Who's Carlos Dom-what's-his-name?
text: Clo—Clo shrugs her shoulders in a dramatic gesture of
dialog: indifference.
speaker_heading: CLO-CLO
text: Nobody. A boy who works in a
dialog: grocery.
speaker_heading: BRUNTON
dialog: (watching her)
dialog: Good looking?
speaker_heading: CLO-CLO
dialog: Mmm———yes.
speaker_heading: BRUNTON
dialog: Nice fellow?
text: Again Clo-Clo shrugs her shoulders.
speaker_heading: BRUNTON
dialog: Is he in love with you?
speaker_heading: CLO-CLO
dialog: I don't know —-
text: Clo—Clo looks down at her glass of beer, sullenly. Brunton
text: watches her, not saying anything.
speaker_heading: CLO-CLO
dialog: (in a sudden outburst)
dialog: Why do you ask so many questions?
dialog: What difference does it make how
dialog: Carlos and I feel? Feeling does not
dialog: buy clothes and houses!
speaker_heading: BRUNTON
dialog: (kindly)
dialog: Drink your beer and don't get so
dialog: excited.
text: In spite of herself, Clo-Clo starts smiling. Brunton smiles
text: back at her and lifts his glass of beer. She lifts hers to
dialog: touch it in salute.
text: The Brunton's table. The younger Bruntons are half-way
text: through dinner. He looks at his watch. She frowns.
text: She rises and he helps her on with her stole.
text: John Brunton is still seated at the little table. He is
text: laughing and coughing from the exertion of the laughter. Clo
text: Clo stands behind him, thumping him on the back. She looks
text: worried. Several people in the bar are watching them with
dialog: amusement -- but a nice kind of amusement.
speaker_heading: CLO-CLO
dialog: You'll kill yourself. Isn't there
dialog: something sad we can talk about,
dialog: just until you get over this?
text: Brunton wipes the tears of laughter from his eyes.
speaker_heading: BRUNTON
dialog: That's what we were supposed to be
dialog: doing this time. But the sadder you
dialog: try to be, the funnier it comes
dialog: out!
speaker_heading: HELENE' S VOICE
dialog: Father!
text: Brunton makes a little face and then turns around to see
text: Helene who is coming coward him from the steps.
speaker_heading: HELENE
dialog: (furiously)
dialog: We finished dinner hours ago.
text: Brunton gets to his feet.
speaker_heading: BRUNTON
dialog: (wearily)
dialog: All right. I'll be with you as soon
dialog: as I've settled this ——
text: He waves his hand at the glasses on the little table.
text: With a fishy eye for Clo-Clo, Helene turns and goes back down
dialog: the steps.
speaker_heading: CLO-CLO
dialog: Why do you let her boss you around
dialog: like that? Give her a good slap and
dialog: tell her to keep still!
text: Brunton chuckles. He takes some change from his pocket and
text: puts it down on the little table. The waiter from the patio
text: comes up the stairs and hands him the bill on a plate.
speaker_heading: WAITER
dialog: Madame will be waiting at the
dialog: entrance -—
text: Brunton looks at the bill and then reaches into an inner
text: pocket for a wallet. He takes a couple of greenbacks from it
text: and hands them to the waiter. The waiter bows and smiles and
text: goes off.
speaker_heading: CLO—CLO
dialog: (muttering)
dialog: Madame will be waiting -- Madame
dialog: ought to go on waiting! To have
dialog: such a father and treat him like a
dialog: poor cousin!
text: Brunton smiles again -- he starts to put his wallet away —
text: then opens it up again and takes a single bill from another
text: compartment. He puts it in Clo-Clo's hand and folds her
text: fingers over it.
speaker_heading: BRUNTON
dialog: This is for "mama and the kids."
speaker_heading: CLO-CLO
dialog: (without looking at the
dialog: bill; kidding)
dialog: What about me?
speaker_heading: BRUNTON
dialog: You get your money from your
dialog: husband.
text: Clo—Clo stares at him.
speaker_heading: BRUNTON
dialog: Carlos What's-His-Name -- the boy
text: at the grocer.
text: Clo-Clo looks at him questioningly for a moment —- then very
text: suddenly puts her arms around his neck and kisses his cheek.
text: Brunton, greatly touched, pats her shoulder. They smile at
text: each other -- and then Brunton turns and walks away.
text: Clo-Clo looks after him, then down at her hand. She lifts the
text: fingers from the bill crushed in her palm. Her eyes widen in
text: shocked amazement.
text: INSERT	$100 bill, crumpled in her hand -- The fingers close
text: on it again.
text: BIG HEAD CLOSE-UP - Clo-Clo. She smiles happily and starts
dialog: off.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE IN
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: Clo-Clo is scurrying down the street as fast as her stilt
text: heeled pump will carry her. Her face is bright with
text: excitement and she hums to herself, snapping her fingers in
text: imitation of her castanets. She passes the flower shop and
text: then the window of the store where Maria tells fortunes. Clo
text: Clo hesitates -- goes back and peers through the window.
scene_heading: INT. FORTUNE TELLING BOOTH - NIGHT
text: The interior of the store is dismal. On one wall hangs a
text: phrenological chart. In the center of the room is a plain
text: kitchen table with two rickety chairs, one of them a bentwood
text: affair with a sagging cane seat. On the table sleeps a white
text: cat, curled up against a cracked crystal ball. A cheap thick
text: restaurant saucer on the table is more than half—filled with
text: cigarette butts and ashes.
text: Maria is seated at the table. A cigarette is in her mouth.
text: She just sits there, not touching the deck of cards in front
text: of her —— staring across at the wall.
text: There is the sound of the door opening and Maria looks up.
text: She says nothing as Clo-Clo comes into the place, but waits
text: until Clo-Clo stands beside the table.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Well -- did he give you a lot of
dialog: money?
speaker_heading: CLO-CLO
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: The elderly man I told you about.
text: Clo-Clo shrugs her shoulders and sits down at the table,
speaker_heading: CLO-CLO
dialog: He was old enough -- but you
dialog: slipped up on the money. Try it
dialog: again, why don't you?
text: Maria looks at her sardonically, but obligingly picks up the
dialog: deck of cards.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Put your wish in them.
text: Clo-Clo shuffles thorn a few times and then hands them to
text: Maria. Maria cuts them into seven piles, face down. She
text: starts turning up the top card on each pile.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Money?
text: She looks up at Clo-Clo who maintains a completely blank
text: expression. Clo-Clo smiles.
speaker_heading: CLO-CLO
dialog: Maybe a honeymoon --
text: Maria starts to turn up the next card, with a practiced roll
text: of the wrist —- as she sees what it is, however, she drops it
text: and quickly swirls all the cards together again and hands the
dialog: pack to Clo-Clo.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Cut.
speaker_heading: CLO-CLO
dialog: (astounded)
dialog: What are you doing that for?
text: Maria shrugs her shoulders. Clo-Clo cuts the deck into three
text: sections. Maria starts turning the top cards.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: (murmuring)
dialog: Again --
text: Clo-Clo looks down at the cards, perplexed because Maria is
text: perplexed. She sees a ten of diamonds followed by a four of
text: spades. The third pile is still untouched.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Something black —- something on its
dialog: way to you ——
speaker_heading: CLO-CLO
dialog: Go on -—
text: Maria stares down at the third pack and then, with a deft
text: twist, flips the top card face up. Almost simultaneously,
text: Maria slaps her hand over it.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: Don't look at it!
speaker_heading: CLO-CLO
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Let me see it ——
text: Slowly, seemingly reluctantly, Maria uncovers the card.
dialog: INSERT	The Ace of Spades.
speaker_heading: CLO-CLO
dialog: The death card - -
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Maybe not - cards mean different
dialog: things different times --
text: Clo-Clo just stands there, staring down at the card.
text: Clo-Clo nods her head slowly. She lays some silver on the
text: table in payment for the reading, then goes across the room
text: to the door. Maria stands up and walks over to join her. Clo
text: Clo stands looking out of the door. She turns abruptly to
text: Maria, at her elbow.
speaker_heading: CLO-CLO
dialog: Walk a little ways with me —-?
text: Maria shrugs her shoulders. Clo—Clo starts out the door,
text: Maria behind her.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: Clo-Clo and Maria walk in silence past the doorway where
text: Shorty blew the smoke ring, past the perch where the boy and
text: girl were kissing -- past the dark Delgado house. Clo—Clo
text: glances up at the window as they go by.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET CORNER - NIGHT
text: The sidewalk is so high above the street here that there are
text: three stone steps set in the curb. Clo-Clo goes down the
text: steps, but Maria stops at the top. Clo—Clo turns and looks up
dialog: at her.
speaker_heading: CLO-CLO
dialog: Well ——
text: Maria says nothing, Just stands there with an odd, mocking
text: little smile on her face.
speaker_heading: CLO-CLO
dialog: See you tomorrow —-
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Tomorrow -—
text: Clo—Clo continues across the street and up the curb steps on
text: the other side. At the top of those steps, she turns and
text: looks back. The corner where she had left Maria is now empty.
text: The moonlit street stretches deserted on either side. Clo-Clo
text: hurries on again, almost running.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: EXT. STREET CORNER RESIDENTIAL DISTRICT - NIGHT
dialog: This is a nice residential section, more American in feeling
text: than the other streets we have seen. There are trees on
text: either side of the street and the moonlight makes lacy
text: patterns through them. A shoulder-high brick wall encloses
text: the garden of the house on the corner. Clo-Clo is walking
text: along this brick wall. A purr of sound quickly lifts to the
text: sound of a high-powered motor and the glare of headlights
text: precede a long, low black roadster. The car comes around the
text: corner and stops. A young man leans out on the driver's side
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: Hey, chiquita, want a lift?
text: Clo-Clo stops and eyes him speculatively.
speaker_heading: CLO—CLO
dialog: What way are you going?
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: Your way ——
text: Clo-Clo suddenly shrinks back, horror coming into her eyes.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: What's the matter?
speaker_heading: CLO-CLO
dialog: Your car —— what color is it?
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: Black.
text: Clo-Clo backs up against the brick wall.
speaker_heading: CLO-CLO
dialog: (shrilly)
dialog: Get outta here! Get away from me
dialog: with that thing!
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: (dumbfounded)
dialog: What do you mean -— "thing"?
text: Clo-Clo starts running along the wall, looking back in terror
text: over her shoulder. The young man looks after her dumbfounded.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: EXT. CLO-CLO'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: This is a small, ordinary clapboard house. In front of it is
text: a scraggly, dusty attempt at a lawn and garden. A mongrel pup
text: lies on the dusty path sleeping. Suddenly he leaps up and
text: barks sharply.
speaker_heading: CLO—CLO'S VOICE
dialog: Be still, Pancho!
text: Clo-Clo walks up the path to the house. She opens the front
text: door, pushes Pancho away with her foot and slips	into the
text: house, closing the door behind her.
scene_heading: INT. CLO-CLO'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: In the shadowy light of a single candle, Clo-Clo's small
text: bedroom can be seen only dimly. In it are a bed with iron
text: bedstead, an ancient wooden rocking-Chair, a chest of
text: drawers, and a little child's bed. The candle stands in a
text: saucer on top of the chest. A little girl is sleeping in the
text: large bed.
text: Clo-Clo comes into the room. She sits down on the edge of
text: the bed and pulls the little girl into her arms. The child
text: murmurs sleepily and snuggles up to Clo-Clo.
speaker_heading: CLO-CLO
dialog: (happily)
dialog: Pepita, tomorrow..I'm going to buy
dialog: you the most beautiful silk dress
dialog: in the world.
text: The little girl tries to open her eyes, but the lids flutter
text: closed again and the child goes on sleeping.
speaker_heading: CLO-CLO
dialog: (laughing softly)
dialog: You don't believe me, do you?
text: She lays the child in the smaller bed and pulls up the full,
text: ruffled skirt of her costume..
speaker_heading: CLO-CLO
dialog: Wait until you see what I have —
dialog: then you'll wake up.
text: She runs her finger under the rolled top of one of her silk
text: stockings. She looks startled. Then, she stands up and pulls
text: the costume back over the other leg. She looks in that
text: stocking roll. She stands stricken under the realization that
dialog: she has lost the money.
speaker_heading: MOTHER'S VOICE
dialog: Is that you Gabriela? What's the
dialog: matter?
text: Clo-Clo doesn't answer. She scuffs off her shoes and looks in
text: them. She drags off the long stockings, standing first on one
text: leg and then the other. She turns them inside out and shakes
dialog: them.
text: Clo-Clo's mother appears in the doorway. She is a prematurely
text: -aged woman with her hair in two braids and wearing a torn
dialog: wrapper.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: What are you doing? Have you lost
dialog: something?
speaker_heading: CLO-CLO
dialog: (tensely)
dialog: Yes. Money. I must have lost it in
dialog: the street.
text: Clo-Clo thrusts her feet into the slipper, not bothering to
text: put the stockings on again. She grabs up a shawl from the
text: foot of the bed and throws it over her shoulders.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Are you going out again, hijita?
dialog: Why don't you stay home and rest -—
text: Clo—Clo stops to kiss her mother's forehead and then goes
text: swiftly out the door, past her. The Mother turns to follow
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (urgently)
dialog: Gabriela!
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: EXT. STREET CORNER IN RESIDENTIAL DISTRICT - NIGHT
text: Clo-Clo walks into the scene very slowly, scanning every inch
text: of the sidewalk, from the curb to the brick wall and back
text: again, over and over as she moves toward the corner. She
text: retraces the pattern of her steps when she stopped to talk to
text: the Young Man -- out to the curb —— back to the wall and
text: along the wall to the corner. She	then turns the corner.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET WITH RAMADA - NIGHT
text: Clo-Clo looks down her side of this street. She looks across
text: the street. Clo—Clo half turns, as if to retrace her steps —-
text: but just then something further down the sidewalk catches her
text: eye. She runs along the wall and leans down to grab at the
text: bit of folded green and white paper there. The elation dies
text: from her face. Stonily, rigidly she stares at it, the wrapper
text: from a stick of gum.
text: There is a tiny sound -- no more than a flicker of sound.
text: Clo—Clo lifts her face slowly. There is no movement anywhere,
text: no further sound. Clo-Clo looks to the building. There are
text: alternate bands of black darkness and moonlight. Clo—Clo's
text: eyes move from one to another. There is no movement behind
dialog: any of them.
text: Frowning a little, Clo-Clo starts back toward the corner. As
text: she moves, she hears footsteps across the street in the black
text: shadows. Listening, she walks more softly. But there is no
text: fear in her expression	or her posture. She is only curious.
text: Suddenly, she whirls and looks across the street. There is
text: nothing over there, nothing moving, nothing making sound. She
text: walks on to the corner arid, looking back once, goes on
text: around the corner.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET CORNER IN RESIDENTIAL DISTRICT - NIGHT
text: Clo—Clo walks away from the corner, along the brick wall,
text: very slowly. Her eyes go from side to side and she turns her
text: head slightly, as she listens. She stops. Behind her, back
text: around the corner, she hears footsteps
text: —- and then an imitative silence. She takes a few more steps,
text: stops suddenly again -— and again the pursuing footsteps
text: overlap hers. As Clo-Clo stands there, the silence is
text: protracted. Puzzled, but still showing no expression or
text: gesture of fear, Clo-Clo listens, then smiles and turns back.
speaker_heading: CLO-CLO
dialog: (smiling; speaks softly)
dialog: Carlos —-
text: She gets as far as the corner, throws away her cigarette and
text: takes a compact and lipstick from her pocket. She holds up
text: the compact mirror and starts to outline her lips with the
dialog: lipstick.
text: BIG CLOSEUP — Clo—Clo. There is a tiny sound - and some
text: grains of pebble and brick-dust trickle down the wall behind
text: Clo-Clo's head. She looks down, puzzled, and then - very
text: slowly - lifts her head.
text: Enormous HEAD CLOSEUP of Clo-Clo. The mouth goes slack and
text: the eyes widen in the shock of absolute horror.
text: A FLASH of the lipstick dropping from Clo-Clo's limp fingers.
text: A hoarse cry of terror is broken off by a violent snarl and a
text: FLASH of Clo-Clo's body arching back -- almost in the posture
text: of a dance -- away from the assault of something black which
text: rises from lower left-hand corner of the frame and instantly
text: blacks out the entire screen.
text: We FADE ON her still glowing cigarette in the gutter.
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY - DAY
text: MED. LONG SHOT - Clo-Clo's grave. The coffin, on canvas strap
text: supports, is being held over the open grave by four black
text: suited attendants. The priest stands at the head of the
text: grave, dressed in his vestments, and with the open prayer
text: book in his hand. At the grave side are a few mourners, Clo
text: Clo's mother and her little covey of brothers and sisters are
text: all huddled together at the foot of the grave. Between them
text: and the priest stand a small group: Robles, Jerry, Mr.
text: Brunton, Galbraith, Charlie How-Come, the Florist and
text: Belmonte. The priest is just finishing the service.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Anima ejus, et animae omnium
dialog: fidelium defunctorum, per
dialog: misericordiam Dei, requiscant in
dialog: pace.
speaker_heading: OMNES
dialog: Amen.
text: From some distance away we hear the tolling of church bells.
text: The attendants slowly begin to lower the coffin into the
text: grave. The florist who had begrudged Clo-Clo one wilted
text: flower comes forward and lays a whole armful of roses on the
text: descending coffin. Jerry follows him. He puts Clo-Clo's
text: castanets among the flowers.
text: The coffin sinks slowly from sight. One of the attendants
text: takes a spade. We hear the hollow thump of the first spadeful
text: as it strikes the casket.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE CUT
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY GATE - - DAY
text: Robles, Charlie, Jerry and Galbraith come out of the cemetery
text: together. They are walking slowly, evidently still somewhat
text: under the sombre influence of the ceremony they have just
dialog: witnessed.
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: (to Robles)
dialog: Have you sent for the state
dialog: hunters?
speaker_heading: ROBLES
dialog: I wired this morning.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: State hunters?
speaker_heading: ROBLES
dialog: Professional hunters, who rid the
dialog: state of cougars.
text: The men have paused just outside the cemetery gate.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: (incredulously)
dialog: You still believe it's the leopard?
text: Robles stares at Jerry.
speaker_heading: ROBLES
dialog: Haven't you seen the evidence,
dialog: haven't you heard the testimony?
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: Is there anything In Clo-Clo's
dialog: death, Jerry, to suggest it wasn't
dialog: the leopard?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Yes. The lipstick.
speaker_heading: ROBLES
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Ask Kiki. Ask any woman. Girls
dialog: don't put on lipstick in the middle
text: of the night on a dark, lonely
dialog: street unless they're with a man or
text: expecting a man.
text: Robles and Galbraith look at Jerry. There is some admission
text: of agreement in their very silence, as they weigh what he has
dialog: said.
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: It is possible --
speaker_heading: ROBLES
dialog: Just the same - - I am going to
dialog: use the state hunter. Well -- come
dialog: on, Charlie, I'll give you a lift
text: back into town.
text: Robles starts off and Charlie obediently starts after him.
text: But Charlie stops and turns back to Jerry and Galbraith.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (to Galbraith)
dialog: Now I know I didn't hurt nobody
dialog: when I was drunk - -
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: (kindly)
dialog: Of course, not, Charlie. I never
dialog: thought you did.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: And my leopard - - maybe he hurt
text: the first girl -- but no more.
text: Charlie, looking satisfied at having had his say, turns and
text: goes off after Robles. Jerry and Galbraith start off in the
dialog: opposite direction.
scene_heading: THE CEMETERY WALL - DAY
text: TRUCKING SHOT with Robles and Jerry as they walk along.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: You must admit it's possible that
dialog: it might have been a man.
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: Just barely possible - - yes.
text: Jerry pauses and Galbraith stops and looks at him
text: inquiringly.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: You know a lot. You've taken a lot
dialog: of fancy courses in colleges and
dialog: that kind of stuff - - what kind of
dialog: a man would kill like that?
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: But all those fancy courses were
dialog: about the dead, Jerry, not the
dialog: living.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: All right -- the dead, then. In
dialog: history there must have been men
dialog: like that -- men with kinks in
dialog: their brains --
text: Galbraith nods his head. He starts walking slowly forward
text: again and Jerry goes along with him.
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: Yes. There have been men who kill
dialog: for pleasure -- strange pleasure.
dialog: There was Blue Beard in France --
dialog: Jack The Ripper in London. It's not
dialog: uncommon.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: If there were a man like that, with
dialog: a kink in his brain around here
dialog: loose, what would he be like.
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: To the eye? Like other men.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: I don't mean that. How would he
dialog: act? What would he do?
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: He'd act normally when he was with
dialog: other people. It would be a man who
dialog: suffered remorse and even pity when
dialog: it was all over.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Couldn't you tell a man like that
dialog: when you saw him?
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: No. He would be a hard man to find,
dialog: Jerry. Particularly if he were a
dialog: clever men. He would go about his
text: ordinary business calmly and coolly
dialog: except when the fit to kill was on
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: You've thought of all this before.
dialog: You know it isn't the leopard ——
dialog: (insistently)
dialog: Don't you?
text: Galbraith makes no answer. Jerry looks at him and senses the
text: finality in this. The two men start walking once more.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: KIKI'S DRESSING ROOM - DAY
text: Jerry, Kiki and Eloise are in the dressing room.	Jerry and
text: Kiki are dressed for travelling. Kiki is wearing a suit and
text: her hat and topcoat are on the table. Standing on the floor,
text: near the door, are a couple of	suitcases. Both Kiki end
text: Eloise are holding paper cups in their hands. Jerry is Just
text: finishing filling Kiki's cup	from a champagne bottle (split).
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: There you are —-
text: Jerry crosses to Eloise and fills the cup she holds out.
text: Eloise looks at him with sentimental fondness.
speaker_heading: ELOISE
dialog: Oh, dear -- I don't know what I'm
dialog: going to do without you -
dialog: honestly, I don't ——
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: (amused)
dialog: Hey —— I'm over here.
speaker_heading: ELOISE
dialog: (not taking her eyes off
dialog: Jerry)
dialog: I'll miss you too, honey --
text: Jerry grins at her. He fills a cup for himself and puts the
text: bottle down on the dressing table. Then he lifts the cup to
dialog: Kiki.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Well -— here's to luck in Chicago.
speaker_heading: ELOISE
dialog: Chicago! Imagine getting out of all
text: this silly scenery and opening in a
dialog: real city!
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: (a little smugly)
dialog: Not bad, huh? And this place
dialog: closing for the week—end gives us a
dialog: couple of extra days to rest up.
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: I can use them.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Do they close up every year for
dialog: this Processionist business?
speaker_heading: ELOISE
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: It's the big religious ceremony
dialog: around here. You really ought to
dialog: see the procession -- why don't you
dialog: wait over —— say, who knows, I
dialog: might be able to scare up some
dialog: money and go with you then!
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: You're sure crazy to get out of
dialog: here, aren't you?
speaker_heading: ELOISE
dialog: You know what it is to be ambitious
dialog: -— but you two are already on your
dialog: way -- I haven't even started.
text: The door opens, simultaneously with a knock, and a Mexican
text: waiter appears with a large box of flowers in his hands. He
text: hands the box of flowers to Jerry, who is	nearest him.
speaker_heading: WAITER
dialog: These for the Senorita Kiki. And
text: the cab is coming soon.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: (happily)
dialog: Okay, Kiki -- here we go!
text: They start out. The CAMERA HOLDS ON Eloise as she watches
dialog: them go.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT. OF THE CAB - DAY
text: Kiki and Jerry are seated side by side in the cab. The box of
text: flowers is between them. It is covered, but the ribbon has
text: been taken off. Kiki holds a card in her hand. She looks down
dialog: at it.
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: That was nice of Mr. Galbraith.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: He's a nice guy. Vie ought to keep
text: in touch with him.
text: Kiki looks down at the box of flowers. She lifts the box
text: cover a little and then closes it again.
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: Pretty. You know -- it's funny but
dialog: flowers only mean one thing to me
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: I know. Funerals.
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: Yes.
text: In the following pause, Kiki looks out the window. Jerry
text: looks over at her, watching her seriously and questioningly.
text: But as she turns back, he looks away again.
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: Jerry ——
text: Jerry waits, but says nothing.
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: Jerry, these flowers aren't really
dialog: for me ——
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: You mean you want to take them to
dialog: the cemetery.
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: (a little shame-faced)
dialog: Yes. Do you mind?
text: Jerry leans forward and taps on the glass partition between
text: themselves and the driver.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT. BELVEDERE IN THE CEMETERY - DAY
text: In the arbor-like inclosure, two or three white pigeons are
text: moving about on the sunlit ground. As Kiki and Jerry enter
text: the inclosure, they lift into the air with a flutter of wings
text: and fly away. Kiki looks around the little inclosure.
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: And she waited here for him?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Robles says it looks that way.
dialog: Belmonte had already been there and
dialog: left. They only missed each other
dialog: by a few minutes.
text: Kiki goes over to the little marble bench and sits down.
text: Jerry stands and looks down at her.
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: What do you suppose she thought
dialog: about - alone in here?
text: Jerry shrugs his shoulders.
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: It's such a sad little place --
text: Kiki stands looking out at the sunlit trees of the cemetery.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Why do you want to stay around
dialog: here? It'll only make you feel
dialog: badly.
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: Maybe I want to feel badly.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: That doesn't make sense.
text: Kiki turns around and faces him across the belvedere.
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: Maybe I'm tired of pretending that
dialog: nothing bothers me -- that I don't
dialog: care about anything but myself -
dialog: myself and my two-by-four career.
text: Jerry comes part way across the belvedere to her.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: What else do you care about, Kicks?
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: You. Us.
text: Jerry comes over and takes her in his arms. He looks into her
text: eyes and then kisses her deeply. As he lifts his head again,
text: he holds her even more tightly.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: I'm glad you care about us, Kicks.
dialog: Sometimes that gets kind of lost in
dialog: the racket --
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: (looking up at him)
dialog: Maybe there ought to be less racket
dialog: and more us.
text: Jerry smiles at her. Leaving one arm around her shoulders, he
text: steers her over to the little marble bench. They sit down,
text: still with their arms around each other.
speaker_heading: KIKI (CONT'D)
dialog: We've been so busy pretending to be
dialog: tough hombres --
text: Jerry nods. With a little sigh, Kiki puts her head down on
text: his shoulder.
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: Confession. I'm a complete softie.
dialog: I've been conscience-stricken and
dialog: worried sick ever since that
dialog: leopard got away --
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: If that's being a softie -- there
dialog: are two of us.
text: They sit quietly -- happy in a moment of complete
dialog: understanding.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Kiki -- it wasn't the leopard.
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: You're positive of that, aren't
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Absolutely sure.
text: Kiki gets to her feet and tugs at Jerry's hand.
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: We're not going to catch a train,
dialog: darling -- we're going to stay
dialog: right here and catch a murderer.
text: Jerry stands up.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: (eagerly)
dialog: You're sure it's all right?
dialog: You don't mind staying?
text: Kiki smiles up at him.
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: You already know the answer to
dialog: that. I want this town to be safe
dialog: and happy again --
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: I'm no detective. I don't even know
dialog: how to begin. All I know is I want
dialog: to do something about all this.
text: Kiki takes his arm and they start across the inclosure. Jerry
text: stops at the entrance.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Oh, by the way -- I'm out of cash --
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: Didn't you take your cut out of the
dialog: closing check?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: (ruefully)
dialog: I got into a little crap game.
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: That's funny -- I never knew you to
dialog: lose that much before --
text: Jerry looks innocent and helpless..
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: (a little embarrassed)
dialog: As a matter of fact, I'm out of
dialog: cash myself.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: What! You can't be --
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: I -- I bought some silver jewelry
dialog: and stuff from Eloise --
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Eloise doesn't own enough of
dialog: anything to make a dent in your pay
dialog: check, Kicks.
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: (defiantly)
dialog: All right, I'm not ashamed of it! I
dialog: split it two ways —
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: (before he can continue)
dialog: Half to the Delgado family and half
dialog: to Clo-Clo's family.
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: (taken aback)
dialog: How do you know?
text: Jerry grins.
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: You did the same thing yourself!
text: Impulsively, Kiki puts her arms around Jerry and hugs him
dialog: affectionately.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: EXT. THE GATES OF THE CEMETERY - DAY
text: The old gatekeeper is leaning against the cemetery gate,
text: whittling. Kiki and Jerry the gate. Kiki smiles at him..
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: (just by way of polite
dialog: observation)
dialog: Must get lonely here.
speaker_heading: GATEKEEPER
dialog: (nodding toward the
dialog: graveyard)
dialog: I have many friends -- and they
dialog: don't bother me with talk --
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: (to Jerry)
dialog: That ought to hold you.
text: Charlie How—Come comes walking towards them, dragging a sack
text: behind him.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Two hundred and fifty dollars you
dialog: owe met
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: (very excited)
dialog: You found the leopard!
text: Charlie comes up to them and drops the sack to the ground.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
text: What's left of him.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Where? Where did you find it?
text: Charlie is wiping his face with Now he gestures with the
text: cloth, a bandana handkerchief.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
text: North -- in an arroyo, Shot through
dialog: the head —- maybe week ago. No
dialog: good, skin, everything gone ——
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: What arroyo -— how did you get to
dialog: it ——
text: Charlie looks perplexed. He draws a line in the air with his
text: forefinger.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: THE SHOE SHINING STAND - STREET - DAY
text: A small shoeshine stand with two chairs under an awning.
text: Robles sits in one of them, looking down like a judge at the
text: group before him -- Kiki, Jerry and Charlie. The other chair
text: is empty. The little Mexican who runs the stand is working
text: with furious diligence over Robles' boots.
text: Charlie, the sack lying nearby, is bent over almost double,
text: tracing an imaginary line on the sidewalk.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: And here is Three Tree Mesa -- and
dialog: here I go out of the big arroyo --
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: That's the place: I remember -— My
dialog: feet were so darn sore, I couldn't
dialog: make it -- and Galbraith went on up
text: to the head of the canyon by
dialog: himself --
speaker_heading: ROBLES
dialog: Just a moment ——
text: He looks at Kiki and holds out his hand beseechingly.
speaker_heading: ROBLES (CONT'D)
dialog: Please -- Miss Walker —— come up
dialog: and sit beside me. I cannot stand
dialog: — so you must sit.
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: No, really -- thank you just the
dialog: same, I ——
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Chief, don't you understand what
dialog: this means?
speaker_heading: ROBLES
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: You think Galbraith found the
dialog: leopard on the day you went out
dialog: with the posse.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: I'm sure of it!
text: Having finished one boot, the Mexican bootblack goes to work
text: on the other. Robles holds up the polished boot and looks at
text: it admiringly.
speaker_heading: ROBLES
dialog: Isn't that beautiful? There is no
dialog: one in the state like him. He is a
dialog: genius in his own line.
text: Jerry makes a gesture of impatience.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Galbraith knows something. He as
dialog: good as said so ——
speaker_heading: ROBLES
dialog: I am not interested in what
dialog: somebody else thinks. You being me
dialog: facts and I'll act on them.
text: Jerry kicks at the sack with his foot.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: That's a fact, isn't it?
speaker_heading: ROBLES
dialog: Yes. And I am taking it to
dialog: headquarters for examination.
text: The bootblack puts the final buff on the second boot. Robles
text: steps down. He pats the bootblack on the shoulder and hands
dialog: him a coin.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: You won't go to Galbraith with me?
speaker_heading: ROBLES
dialog: Offend a reputable citizen and
dialog: involve the department in a slander
dialog: suit? No. I'm in office to protect
dialog: the taxpayers money — not throw it
dialog: way. Come on, Charlie.
text: Charlie picks up the sack and trails away after Robles.
text: Jerry stares after them. The his arm. Jerry looks at him. The
text: bootblack makes a gesture of buffing and points down to
text: Jerry's shoes. Jerry shakes his head.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: No. No, thanks.
dialog: (to Kiki)
dialog: Now we've got to do it ourselves.
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: (encouragingly)
dialog: We will ——
text: Jerry takes her arm and they start walking away.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT. BELMONTE'S BEDROOM - DAY
text: This is a small, simply furnished bedroom with a day-bed.
text: Raul Belmonte is sprawled on this couch. His hair is rumpled,
text: he needs a shave and his shirt is badly wrinkled. His face
text: and eyes show the effects of constant drinking. A bottle and
text: glass stand on the floor beside the head of the couch. Jerry
text: is looking over at a photograph which stands on a small table
text: in the window —- a photograph of Consuelo Contreras.
speaker_heading: RAUL
text: A lovely face, a tender smile, soft
dialog: beautiful hair -— that's what you
dialog: see in the photograph, isn't it?
text: Raul props himself on one elbow and looks across at the
dialog: photograph himself.
speaker_heading: RAUL
dialog: (in a hard voice)
text: A smear of blood, clawed rags in a
dialog: huddle on the ground --that's what
dialog: I see. A horrid, terrible thing.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: I know. I was there.
text: Raul swings himself into a sitting position on the edge of
text: the couch. He puts his head into his hands.
speaker_heading: RAUL
dialog: But you aren't here when she calls
text: out at night. Wake up and hear her
dialog: - screaming —- "Raul, Raul, get me
dialog: out"
text: Jerry goes over to him and puts his hand on his shoulder.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Easy, boy. I want to talk to you.
dialog: Maybe there's something I can do —-
text: Raul reaches down and gets the bottle and the glass. He
text: starts automatically to pour a drink for himself —— then
text: stops and holds out the bottle and glass to Jerry.
speaker_heading: HAUL
dialog: Have a drink. That's the best thing
dialog: to wipe out nightmares ——
text: Jerry takes the bottle-and glass and carries them over to the
text: table. He puts them down and then comes back to Raul, who has
text: sat watching him stupidly.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: No. You've got to kick at
dialog: something, fight with something, to
dialog: work the nightmares out of your
dialog: system. In Consuelo's case, there's
dialog: been nothing to fight against -—
text: just fate and a dumb brute animal.
dialog: (pauses to watch Raul)
dialog: I've got something to tell you that
dialog: will change all that.
text: Raul looks up at him.
speaker_heading: JERRY (CONT'D)
dialog: It wasn't an animal.
text: Raul frowns and moves uneasily, trying to understand through
dialog: his alcoholic haze.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: It was a man.
text: The two men stare at each other.
speaker_heading: RAUL
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: A man -— killed Consuelo?
text: Jerry nods his head. Raul slowly gets to his feet and stands
text: eye to eye with Jerry.
speaker_heading: RAUL
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: I don't know. But I want your help
dialog: to find out.
text: Raul goes over to the table and picks up the bottle. He pours
text: some liquor into the glass and takes it off quickly, as if it
text: were medicine. Then he turns back to Jerry.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE OUT
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE IN
scene_heading: INTERSECTION OF THE ALLEY AND THE STREET - DAY
text: The commemorative procession is forming here. Some of the
text: participants are hooded, wearing black hoods very much like
text: these worn by the Ku Klux Klanners. In the doorways and
text: windows, the townspeople are watching.
text: Galbraith passes through the crowd. He has a small paper
text: package in his hand, his pipe in his mouth and is walking
text: along, obviously on his way to somewhere. Eloise, who is
text: standing watching the Processionists, blocks his way for a
text: moment. He tries to pass around her. She sees him and smiles.
speaker_heading: ELOISE
dialog: Oh, Mr. Galbraith! I'm so glad
dialog: you're here.
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: (a little puzzled and
dialog: trying to pass on)
dialog: Good evening.
speaker_heading: ELOISE
dialog: (stopping him)
dialog: You know all about these things - -
dialog: and I've lived here all my life —-
dialog: and I still don't know what the
dialog: Procession means.
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: It's to remind people of the great
dialog: tragedy that took place here so
dialog: that they won't ever forget that a
dialog: peaceful village of Indians was
dialog: wiped out by the Conquistadores,
dialog: back in the 17th Century... A band
dialog: of monks buried the dead and prayed
dialog: for them and did penance for their
dialog: deaths —— that's what this
dialog: procession is supposed to be.
speaker_heading: ELOISE
dialog: (gushing)
dialog: Oh, that's so interesting!
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: Well, now that you've had your
dialog: history lesson, I think I'll get on
dialog: to the museum.
text: He nods and starts off. Eloise turns back to watch the
dialog: Processionists.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE IN
scene_heading: EXT CEMETERY WALL - NIGHT
text: Galbraith is walking along the quiet, empty street outside
dialog: the cemetery wall.
text: There is a very faint cry from inside the cemetery.
text: Galbraith slows his stride perceptibly, but does not stop.
speaker_heading: GIRL'S VOICE
dialog: (o.s., very faint)
dialog: Help! Get me out! Help! Help!
text: Galbraith stops and looks up at the cemetery wall,
text: CLOSEUP of Galbraith shows fear and puzzlement in his eyes.
text: Still looking toward the wall, Galbraith walks on.
scene_heading: EXT. CORNER WHERE CLO-CLO WAS KILLED - NIGHT
text: Galbraith is walking along the brick wall, approaching the
text: corner. Just before he gets to the corner, a lighted
text: cigarette spins out and falls to the pavement in front of
text: him.	Galbraith stops as if he had come up against stone.	He
text: stands there, forcing courage to go on. He takes the few
text: steps to the corner and faces the direction from which the
text: cigarette was thrown. There is on one in sight anywhere.
text: Very slowly, Galbraith reaches down and picks up the
text: cigarette. The unlighted end is dark with lipstick. With an
text: almost imperceptible shudder, Galbraith lets the cigarette
text: fall. Walking rigidly, he continues on his way.
scene_heading: INT. MUSEUM - NIGHT
text: The large room is in shadowy darkness. The heavy front door
text: swings open. Suddenly the place is brilliantly lighted from
text: the overhead fixtures. Galbraith takes his hand from the
text: light-switch just inside the door. He pushes the clear closed
text: and leans up against it exhaustedly. He is breathing heavily
text: and his eyes are dull and heavy-lidded with the reaction from
dialog: violent fear.
text: He sighs deeply and then walks slowly and wearily across the
text: display room to the office alcove. He sits down at his
text: worktable and starts work on a small model of Indian ruins,
text: done in colored clays.
text: Suddenly, far away but clear in the silence, he hears the
text: sound of castanets —— just three widely spaced clicks. His
text: hands becomes motionless above the model —-but he does not
dialog: look up.
text: The same sound comes again, repeated twice, the clicks a
dialog: little more rapid.
text: Galbraith gets to his feet and stands staring into the empty,
text: brilliantly lighted museum room.
text: The castanets sound again and this time they go into a steady
text: rhythm, still faint and faraway; a purr of sound. But the
text: sound increases in volume and intensity every second.
text: Galbraith listens, his eyes mirroring his growing terror, his
text: hands pressing down onto the worktable.
text: The castanets come up to a brain—splitting reverberation of
text: sound. The tendons in Galbraith's neck stand out —— his
text: forehead is wet with sweat.
text: As the tenseness of his body and the madness in his eyes
text: signal that his control is about to break —— the castanet
text: furor abruptly ceases.
text: For another few seconds, Galbraith stands there Then he
text: lifts his hands from the table and draws in a deep shuddering
text: breath. He takes a handkerchief from his pocket and slowly
text: wipes his face and his bands.
text: Re steps out of the alcove and presses a light—switch on the
text: wall nearby. The overhead lights in the display room go out.
text: The alcove is new like a little lighted stage at the end of a
text: dark auditorium. Galbraith steps back into it, takes a book
text: from the worktable and settles down in an armchair at one end
text: of the table. He begins to read.
text: The sound of the front door opening breaks suddenly into the
text: stillness. It brings Galbraith to his feet in an instant. His
text: book falls to the floor.
text: Across the shadowy display room, a figure moves to the
text: accompaniment of a woman's brisk footsteps.
text: There is no terror in Galbraith's face this time -- but he
text: waits tensely to-identify his visitor.
text: Kiki steps into the lighted alcove.
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: I've disturbed	you. I'm sorry -
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: Miss Walker -- I didn't expect
dialog: anyone ——
text: Kiki steps closer to the table.
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: (apologetically)
dialog: I came up on the spur of the
dialog: moment.
text: Galbraith leans down and picks up the book.
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: I wanted to	see the procession ——
dialog: and I remembered your kind
dialog: invitations	--
text: She smiles a little uncertainly.
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: Of course. Only I'm afraid you'll
dialog: be cheated. There isn't much of a
text: view of the procession here.
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: (puzzled)
dialog: I thought they came right past
dialog: here ——
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: They do, but -- there are no lights
dialog: out there —- they'll just be
dialog: shadows -—
text: Kiki moves across the alcove to a window.
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: It's not so terribly dark out. If
dialog: we turn off these lights, we can
dialog: see.
text: A panic-stricken look leaps into Galbraith's eyes.
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: (no trace of fear in his
dialog: voice)
dialog: No use turning the lights out until
dialog: they get here..
text: Kiki stands looking out at the window.
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: But they're coming now, listen.
text: Very faintly, in the far distance, can be heard the chanting
dialog: of the procession.
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: Hear them?
text: Galbraith listens as if he wore listening to Fate itself.
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: Turn off the lights --
text: Galbraith stares across at her. With great effort, he speaks.
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: (thickly)
dialog: Wait ——
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: No —- really, I can see them --
dialog: they're coming now -— turn off the
dialog: lights ——
text: As if hypnotized, Galbraith walks out of the alcove and to
text: the light-switch on the nearby wall. His fingers move up
text: towards the second switch.. He still stares toward Kiki. He
text: has the set, bloodless look of a man-lost in some fearful
dialog: resolve.
text: CLOSE SHOT of Kiki. For the first time, we see that she is
text: terrified. She is looking at the window where Galbraith is
text: faintly mirrored.
text: CLOSE SHOT of Galbraith's hand on the light-switch. The
text: fingers curve claw-like as he pushes down the switch.
scene_heading: INT. MUSEUM ALCOVE - NIGHT
text: In the window, the reflection is blotted out.
text: Outside we can see the processionists marching. The pin
text: points of their candles are making bright spots against the
text: dark background of their robes and the night sky. The loader
text: chants and the rest answer him monotonously, over and over
dialog: again.
text: Kiki stands at the window. Behind her Galbraith crosses from
text: the light switch, walking normally, his footsteps following
text: one another with great regularity.
text: Kiki stands perfectly still, keeping her eyes to the window.
text: Only her left hand slowly rising to press against her heart
text: betrays her anxiety. As the hand rises we pick up the beat of
dialog: her heart. (Trick effect.)
text: Galbraith comes closer and closer until finally he stands
text: behind her. The beating of her heart subsides. There is
text: perfect silence. Even the processionists cease their chant
text: for a moment. Kiki and Galbraith stand this, way for an
text: instant,, then suddenly Galbraith moves violently toward her.
text: She screams. The side door bursts open and Jerry and Belmonte
text: come pell—mell into the room.
text: It has all happened with such suddenness that for a moment
text: Galbraith stands stock still. The two grapple with him. This
text: physical contact rouses him. He shakes himself loose and
text: dodges around the desk. They chase after him through the
dialog: dark.
scene_heading: INT. DISPLAY ROOM - NIGHT
text: Galbraith runs in, followed closely by Jerry and Belmonte. He
text: dodges among the showcases. He tries the great door. It has
text: been locked. He turns and starts running back toward the
text: alcove. They stop him. He dodges them and goes on. Jerry
text: starts after him again. Belmonte reaches under his coat and
text: pulls out a revolver. The movement has caught Jerry's eye and
text: he turns.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Raoul -- don't. Put that gun away.
text: Jerry runs on, without seeing whether or not Raoul has obeyed
text: his order. With the gun still in his hand, Raoul follows
dialog: after.
scene_heading: INT. MUSEUM DISPLAY ROOM - NIGHT
text: Galbraith runs in past Kiki, who has left the window and is
text: standing in front of the desk. Just as he passes her,
text: Jerry reaches him, grabs his arm and whips him around. The
text: two men struggle. Belmonte comes up. To avoid the struggling
text: men, Kiki steps backward and knocks against the showcase
text: containing the butterflies. It falls with a great crash and
text: the sound of breaking glass, Kiki falls with it.
text: Jerry glances over and sees Kiki on the floor. He lets go of
text: Galbraith who dodges out of the side door, Belmonte after
text: him. Jerry kneels down beside Kiki.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Kiki?
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: It's all right. I'm not hurt.
text: He scrambles up from his knees and runs after Belmonte.
text: The processionists slowly climb the hill toward the cross.
text: The leader is still calling out and the others answer him in
text: the long established rigmarole of their ceremonies. Galbraith
text: with a hurried look over his, shoulder runs into the scene
text: and slips in with the marching men.
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT of Galbraith as he makes him way to the
text: center of the marching column.
text: Jerry and Belmonte stand panting beside the marching column
text: of processionists. He looks right and loft. There is no sign
text: of Galbraith. He, too, falls in the rank near the end of the
text: procession. He begins to slowly make his way to the head of
text: the column, peering under the hats and into the dark faces of
text: the men. His gun is still in his hand.
text: ANOTHER ANGLE of the marching column. We see Galbraith in the
text: very center and behind him Jerry and Belmonte come up and
text: look into his face. They seize his arms. Galbraith struggles
text: to get away from them. There is a disturbance in the ranks of
text: the processionists. Quickly, six of the enormous, tall,
text: hooded figures gather menacingly around the center of the
text: disturbance. No word is spoken. There is only the convergence
dialog: of these six great figures about the two struggling men. The
text: three men subside. Galbraith ceases to struggle. The six
text: hooded men leave them, drawing back to the flanks of the
dialog: procession.
text: CLOSER SHOT of Jerry and Galbraith. The two men are close
text: together, but march on in step with the processionists, and
text: as they walk, they talk sotto voce. Despite the urgency of
dialog: what one demands from the other and the other denies, the
text: silent authority of the hooded figures mutes their voices.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: It was you, Galbraith!
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: It was you.
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: Not! I tell you. No!
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: You shot the leopard. We know that.
dialog: You killed Consuelo. You killed Clo
dialog: Clo. Then tonight --
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: I didn't do anything. She screamed.
dialog: Something frightened her.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Consuelo screamed too -- and Clo
dialog: Clo. Why did you do it? Why? Quick.
dialog: Tell me why?
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: (brokenly, very near
dialog: hysteria)
dialog: It's better you don't know.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Tell me.
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: Why do yo&i accuse me? You don't
dialog: know what you're doing -- you don't
dialog: understand -- nobody understands --
text: Jerry studies Galbraith. A new note has crept into the man's
text: voice -- an odd note of irrationality and self—pity.
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: (miserably)
dialog: In the whole world there isn't a
dialog: single human being who knows what
dialog: it is to be tormented this way --
text: The procession has reached the crest of the hill. As the head
text: of the column begins to make its way around the cross the
text: whole file slows from a march to a shuffling half step. Jerry
text: and Belmonte seize the opportunity to edge Galbraith out of
text: the column toward a Joshua tree. They stand in its deep
text: shadow while the procession goes on and off.
text: CLOSE SHOT of Jerry and Galbraith, with Belmonte close to
dialog: Galbraith in the b.g.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: (prompting Galbraith)
dialog: Tormented -- ? Why?
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: I couldn't rest —- I couldn't
dialog: sleep.
dialog: All I could see was Teresa
text: Delgado's body -- broken --mangled.
dialog: I saw it day and night. It was
dialog: waiting everywhere I turned.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Then you found the leopard --
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: I didn't want to kill, but I had
dialog: to. I heard her in the cemetery -
dialog: talking to the man in the auto --
text: Belmonte stirs in the shadow of the Joshua tree.
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: When he went away -- I thought
dialog: maybe I was going to help her get
dialog: over the wall -- I can't remember.
dialog: —-
text: CLOSE SHOT of Belmonte. His face is motionless —- his eyes
dialog: are burning.
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: (with mounting hysteria)
dialog: I looked down -- in the darkness
text: I saw her white face turned up to
dialog: me -- the eyes dark and wide with
dialog: fear -- the fear -- that was it --
dialog: the little frail body -- the soft
dialog: skin —-
text: Slowly, Galbraith's two hands lift, the fingers curved
text: slightly inwards. He looks at them as if he, too, were
text: terrified by their deadly potentiality.
speaker_heading: GALBRAITH
dialog: And then --
text: (smiles, strangely and
dialog: appallingly)
dialog: ——	she screamed --
text: Behind him, Belmonte comes up close. Agony passes over
text: Belmonte's face and contorts it... His hand squeezes down on
text: the gun. A shot roars out. Galbraith falls, silently
text: crumpling down at the base of the Joshua tree. Belmonte
text: throws the gun away and stands looking at him.
speaker_heading: BELMONTE
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Consuelo,
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: EXT UNDERTAKER'S PARLOUR - NIGHT
text: T. C. Johnson' s undertaking parlour is lighted and the
text: light falls out of the window in. a great broad path onto the
text: dark sidewalk. Jerry and Kiki come out of the	building. They
text: pause and stand in the broad glow of light from the window.
text: For a moment they are silent. Behind them, in the shop, we
text: see Raoul Hobbs and two policemen.
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: We stood here once before.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: I know -- Teresa -—
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: I hated you that day —- you and
dialog: your flip talk -— with that little
text: girl lying dead.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: I know. What do you think I felt
dialog: when you said, "don't be soft?"
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: Jerry, I want you to be soft. You
dialog: are soft -- inside -— where it
dialog: matters. I wanted it that day too,
dialog: but didn't dare tell you.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: We ought to dare to tell each other
dialog: everything, Kiki -- you and I.
text: Re looks up and down the street.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: It's a strange town, Kiki. A funny
dialog: town. Mexican, American and Indian,
text: all mixed up in itself, with two
text: languages. The sign posts written
text: in Spanish and English. A strange
dialog: town.
text: ANOTHER ANGLE showing the street. Four hooded processionists
text: go by in single file.
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: It's a lovely town —- it was until
dialog: we came and let the leopard loose
dialog: and all this happened.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Kiki, Galbraith said something to
dialog: me once, -- something you ought to
dialog: know. We were talking and he said
dialog: that people were like that ball on
dialog: the fountain at the hotel --they
dialog: got pushed around by things bigger
dialog: than themselves. That's the way it
dialog: was with us -- and we were too
dialog: small to see it that way.
text: He puts his arm about her and they begin to walk up the
dialog: street.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
dialog: 
dialog: <!--
scene_heading: // FILE ARCHIVED ON 20020203165219 AND RETRIEVED FROM THE
scene_heading: // INTERNET ARCHIVE ON 20031001101731.
scene_heading: // JAVASCRIPT APPENDED BY WAYBACK MACHINE, COPYRIGHT INTERNET ARCHIVE.
scene_heading: // ALL OTHER CONTENT MAY ALSO BE PROTECTED BY COPYRIGHT (17 U.S.C.
speaker_heading: // SECTION 108(a)(3)).
scene_heading: var sWayBackCGI = "http://web.archive.org/web/20020203165219/";
speaker_heading: function xLateUrl(aCollection, sProp) {
dialog: var i = 0;
dialog: for(i = 0; i < aCollection.length; i++)
dialog: if (aCollection[i][sProp].indexOf("mailto:") == -1 &&
scene_heading: aCollection[i][sProp].indexOf("javascript:") == -1)
dialog: aCollection[i][sProp] = sWayBackCGI + aCollection[i][sProp];
dialog: }
scene_heading: if (document.links) xLateUrl(document.links, "href");
scene_heading: if (document.images) xLateUrl(document.images, "src");
scene_heading: if (document.embeds) xLateUrl(document.embeds, "src");
dialog: if (document.body && document.body.background)
dialog: document.body.background = sWayBackCGI + document.body.background;
dialog: //-->
dialog: 
