dialog: Rev.
dialog: Rev.
dialog: Rev.
dialog: Rev.
dialog: Rev.
dialog: Rev.
speaker_heading: THE BRAVE ONE
dialog: Screenplay by
speaker_heading: 08/02/06 (Yellow)
speaker_heading: 08/04/06 (Green)
dialog: 08/07/06 (Goldenrod)
speaker_heading: 08/09/06 (Buff)
dialog: 08/14/06 (Salmon)
dialog: 08/29/06 (Cherry)
dialog: Roderick Taylor & Bruce A. Taylor and Cynthia Mort
dialog: Story by
dialog: Roderick Taylor & Bruce A.
dialog: Taylor
dialog: This script is the confidential and proprietary
dialog: property of Warner Bros. Pictures and no portion of
dialog: it may be performed, distributed, reproduced, used,
dialog: quoted or published without prior written permission.
scene_heading: WARNER BROS. PICTURES INC.
dialog: 4000 Warner Boulevard
dialog: Burbank, California 91522
speaker_heading: FULL PINK
dialog: June 13, 2006
dialog: © 2006
scene_heading: WARNER BROS. ENT.
dialog: All Rights Reserved
dialog: Ne
scene_heading: THE BRAVE ONE - Rev. 8/29/06
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. RECORDING STUDIO - DAY
text: CAMERA TRACKS THROUGH glass windows. Reflections of the
text: city, of office workers, of a woman speaking into a
dialog: microphone.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: I'm Erica Bain, and as you know, I
dialog: walk the city. I bitch and moan
dialog: about it. I walk and watch and
dialog: listen. I witness all the beauty
dialog: and ugliness that is disappearing
dialog: from our beloved city. Last week
dialog: took me to the grey depths of the
dialog: East River where Dimitri Panchenko
text: swims his laps like he has since
dialog: the 1960s. And today I walked by
text: the acres of scaffolding outside
dialog: what used to be the Plaza Hotel
dialog: and I thought about Eloise.
dialog: Remember Kay Thompson's Eloise?
dialog: Eloise who lived in the Plaza
text: Hotel, with her dog Weenie and her
dialog: parents who were always away and
dialog: her English nanny who had 8
dialog: hairpins made out of bones --
text: As she talks, we see her -- thin, semi-transperant,
text: ghostlike. Almost nothing but voice.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: That Eloise. The adored brat of
dialog: my childhood. A little punk kid
text: pirouetting round the grand
text: ballroom, pouring pitchers of water
text: down the mail chute, Upper East Side
dialog: anarchist in pigtails, not unlike
dialog: other brats and punks this city has
text: brought to life. Sid Vicious spewing
text: beer from his teeth in the Chelsea
text: Hotel. Andy Warhol, his sunglasses
text: reflecting Valerie Solana's gun.
dialog: Edgar Allen Poe freeing live monkeys
text: from the crates of a crumbling schooner
text: on oily slips of South Street. Stories
text: of a city that is disappearing before
text: our eyes, its people swept over the
dialog: Williamsburg, the Holland Tunnel,
dialog: the Major Degan.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: Ae HH He HR HF
dialog: 3
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ERICA (CONT'D)
dialog: You can visit, but you can't live
dialog: here anymore. So what will be
dialog: left of those stories? Are we
dialog: going to have to construct an
dialog: imaginary city to house our
dialog: memories? Because when you love
dialog: something, every time a bit of it
dialog: goes, you lose a piece of
dialog: yourself. So where's Eloise going
dialog: to sleep tonight? Can you hear
text: her ghost wandering round the
dialog: collapsing corridors of her
text: beloved Plaza, trying to find her
text: nanny's room, calling out to
dialog: construction
text: workers in a voice that nobody
dialog: hears, has anyone seen my turtle
dialog: Skiperdee?
scene_heading: INT. RECORDING STUDIO - LATER
text: The end of the show.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: this is Erica Bain and you
dialog: have been listening to 'Street
dialog: Walk.'
text: As the light turns RED --
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: -- see you next week.
dialog: -- perfect timing. As usual.
dialog: CAROL OLSEN, 50s, very lefty liberal, very Ruth
dialog: Hirshburg before she was Ruth Seymour, the director of
text: the station, enters.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Did Eloise really mean that much
dialog: to you?
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Were you never a girl, Carol?
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Not the kind of girl that
dialog: remembers the name of her turtle.
dialog: Anyway, good show. Bravo called
dialog: again about that TV spot.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: ee es
dialog: 4
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Yeah, I don't know, Carol.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Come on, you've got the knack for
dialog: it. That post-modern metaphoric
dialog: thing of yours is made for them.
dialog: And a little cross-promotion
dialog: wouldn't hurt NKW.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: I'm not a face, I'm just a voice.
dialog: And my shows are on the website,
dialog: people can hear them for free --
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Yes, exactly.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON ERICA
text: She shrugs, a bad habit of hers.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Maybe.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Can I say you're considering?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL SOLARIUM - LATER
text: DAVID KARMANI, late 20s, dressed in RN scrubs, attends to
text: a patient sitting in the solarium.
dialog: His face -- thin, dark, beautiful, could be Italian,
text: Spanish, Black -- an indistinguishable mix, he is like
text: the future and the past all rolled up in one. A small
text: CROSS, old, silver, sits on a chain around his neck --
dialog: not as a fashion statement, or a fuck you, but a simple,
dialog: personal, intimate expression of faith.
text: A DOCTOR, a woman, all business, comes behind him.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: (irritated)
dialog: Could you go to room 512, the
dialog: patient thinks his blood pressure
dialog: is dropping. Goddamn TV shows,
dialog: everyone's a goddamn doctor.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Uh... okay.
text: He looks her in the eye without attitude, but also
text: without any sense that she is better than him, or anyone.
text: It stops her -- for just a moment.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: I am such a god-awful bitch,
dialog: sorry.
text: She leaves.
text: David shakes his head, moves down the hall -- his PHONE
text: VIBRATES. He grabs it.
scene_heading: INT. STATIONERY STORE - SAME TIME
text: Erica, cell phone to her ear, is looking at a mock-up of
text: a wedding invitation.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Hi.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - SAME TIME
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: (smiling)
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: What are you wearing?
speaker_heading: DAVID
text: Green scrubs, tied at the waist,
dialog: very sexy V-neck, short sleeve --
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Uh huh... what about the sexy
dialog: green hat?
text: The SALESWOMAN approaches, more invitations in her hand.
text: Erica looks at them, nods, than shakes her head, maybe
dialog: she doesn't like it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 7
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: STATIONERY WOMAN
dialog: (a bit frustrated)
dialog: You like it more than the others?
dialog: Less than the others? The same?
text: Erica shrugs, clueless.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Honey -- you sure you're okay with
dialog: creme and orange?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: STATIONERY WOMAN
dialog: (to Erica)
dialog: It's actually not creme, it's
dialog: vanilla. But that's fine.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: It's not creme, it's vanilla --
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Who cares? Let's just go get
dialog: married, tonight.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Your mother cares. Trust me. She
dialog: wants invitations.
text: Erica nods at the invitation. "It's fine." And heads
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Meet me at Nicole's thing later.
dialog: Please. I promise you won't have
dialog: to talk to anyone but me.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Ah... maybe.
scene_heading: EXT. STATIONERY STORE - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Erica starts walking uptown.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: You're not coming.
text: David gets to the PATIENT'S ROOM, who is taking his own
dialog: pulse.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 8
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I'll come to one of your art shows
dialog: when you come to one of my
dialog: basketball games.
dialog: No response.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: See? Gotta go. I love you.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: I love you too.
scene_heading: INT. LOFT - DAY
text: A photography show. Kind of groovy, a tad trendy but
dialog: cool. Erica, drink in hand, knows everyone, this is her
dialog: crowd --
text: Erica drifts away, checks out the PHOTOGRAPHS -- a series
text: of '60s storefronts, a GUN STORE, a LAUNDROMAT, a LIQUOR
speaker_heading: STORE.
text: She SCANS them, taking in every detail, every color,
text: every corner seeing to the very edges of the frame.
text: Something JAMES, the GUY who shot them, appreciates.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Hi.
text: He gives Erica a kiss.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: (off the storefronts)
dialog: These are cool.
speaker_heading: JAMES
text: Thanks. The Laundromat is in a
dialog: town in Jersey -- where Diane
dialog: Arbus used to do her laundry.
dialog: That gun store is down in
dialog: Chinatown -- Bernice Abott shot it
dialog: in the thirties.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: They are really good. They're
text: evocative, but quiet. They don't
dialog: make a lot of noise. I like them.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Thanks. Want to buy one?
text: She gives him a smile.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: I wish.
text: Erica, dragging a bit, sets her full drink down, heads
dialog: for the door.
text: Nicole stops her.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Are you leaving?
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: No, not yet.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: You're a shitty liar.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: I know, but I try.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Well, tell him that sooner or
dialog: later he's gonna have to come to
dialog: something, he can't avoid us
dialog: forever.
text: At which point she notices something, behind Erica's
text: shoulder. David, having come straight from his
dialog: basketball game.
text: He puts a finger to his lips. Shhh!!! Then wraps his
text: arms around Erica, from behind.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Don't you love this woman?
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: I don't know. I could take her or
dialog: leave her.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: You leave her. I'1l take her.
text: He kisses Erica's neck. She glows with pleasure.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Not here.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Is it what I'm wearing?
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: No. I love you in sweats.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 9 CONTINUED: (2) 9
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: You're both so happy it's
dialog: disgusting.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Sorree... see you...
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: I hate you. Goodbye.
scene_heading: 10 EXT. WEST 103RD STREET - DAY 10
text: David and Erica walking home. The street is quiet,
text: desolate, shadowed -- and they are happy.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: That meant a lot to her, you know.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: My mother told me once, if you
dialog: want to love someone, see if you
dialog: can love their friends.
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: And?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: (laughingly)
dialog: I hate her.
text: He puts his arm through hers.
scene_heading: 11 EXT. ERICA'S APARTMENT - EVENING 11
text: They come to their building. Erica sits on the stoop.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Sit here a while. It's beautiful.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I got to walk him --
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Get my jacket, then --
text: He goes into the building. She sits, as UDO JOSAI, 60,
text: Sudanese woman, a tenant in the building, walks up to the
text: building, carrying some groceries. Erica moves over to
dialog: let her by.
speaker_heading: JOSAI
dialog: I can open my own door --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 11
dialog: Al2
dialog: 12
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 11
text: Erica moves anyway, gets up to help her get the door.
text: Josai looks at her, nods, hands Erica an apple from her
dialog: bag.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Thank you.
text: David comes back out the door with their dog, Curtis,
text: passing the woman on their way.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: That's going to be you when you're
dialog: old --
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: I am old. But way meaner.
dialog: (then)
dialog: She gave me an apple.
text: Erica takes a bite, as David puts his arm around her.
text: Just before they leave, Erica wedges a folded newspaper
text: in the door, props it open so they don't have to take
dialog: their keys.
scene_heading: EXT. CENTRAL PARK - STRANGERS GATE - NIGHT Al2
text: There's a magical glow in the sky, darkness has just
text: begun to gather in the distance as Erica and David take a
dialog: walk with Curtis.
scene_heading: EXT. CENTRAL PARK - NIGHT 12
text: Curtis gets a little frisky, hopping around.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: He knows I'm carrying.
text: David reaches behind his back and pulls out the ball.
text: CURTIS starts BARKING and jumping around excitedly.
text: Erica unfastens his leash.
text: David gives the ball a toss. Curtis runs after it.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I meant it, you know. What's
dialog: wrong with City Hall, tonight?
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: They're closed.
text: He puts his arms around her.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 12
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 12
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Tomorrow then.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: You have a family, David. I
dialog: don't.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: You're not marrying my family.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Iam. Or kind of hope I hope I
dialog: am. Your mother's a sweet woman.
dialog: She wants the whole deal.
text: Invites, a minister, the band
dialog: playing. Maybe I want it too.
dialog: It's not as if I'm going to do it
dialog: twice.
text: He looks at her. She really means it.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I think that's the nicest thing
dialog: you ever said to me.
text: He kisses her. They are lost in the moment. Then --
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Hey, where's Curtis?
text: They look around, notice for the first time it's gotten
dialog: dark.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: Curtis? Curtis, come here, boy.
text: The dog doesn't come. David whistles and claps his
dialog: hands.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Curtis!
text: But Curtis still doesn't come. He's nowhere to be seen.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Where is he?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: The ball went over there. Come
dialog: on.
text: They leave the path and head out toward the pedestrian
dialog: tunnel.
dialog: 11.
scene_heading: 13 EXT. CENTRAL PARK/PEDESTRIAN TUNNEL - NIGHT 13
text: David walks into a tunnel, Erica behind him.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Curtis, where the hell are you?
dialog: Come on, we've got to go home.
dialog: Curtis!
text: The dog has vanished into the darkness which now presses
text: in, sinister.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I wish we had a flashlight.
scene_heading: IN BUSHES - MONOCHROMATIC IMAGE - NIGHT
text: We SEE David and Erica on an unsteady monochromatic
text: image, realize someone is photographing them through the
text: bushes. A hand, holding a cell phone, their image on the
dialog: screen.
text: A TALL, thin FIGURE steps into the f.g. --
scene_heading: 14 EXT. CENTRAL PARK/PEDESTRIAN TUNNEL - NIGHT 14
text: The tall thin guy, REED, steps through the bushes holding
text: Curtis in one arm, his hand clamped over its mouth.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: Hey, don't you know there's a
dialog: fuckin' leash law?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Yeah, sorry. Thanks for finding
dialog: him.
text: Cautiously, David takes a couple steps forward and
text: reaches out for Curtis. Reed holds on to him.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: Isn't there a reward?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Yeah, sure -- our gratitude. Now
dialog: give him to me.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: Gratitude isn't worth much.
dialog: David and Erica know this could get dangerous. David
text: tries to sidestep the problem, gets out his wallet.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: 14 CONTINUED: 14
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I don't have much on me, but you
dialog: can have it.
text: Reed grabs his wallet. Curtis tries to get free, Reed
text: grips him tightly, CURTIS WHINES.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: You're hurting him!
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Give me the damn dog right now!
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: I don't think so. Kind of like
dialog: this dog. Think he's a keeper.
scene_heading: BACK TO MONOCHROMATIC IMAGE
text: Someone is MOVING THROUGH the bushes.
text: TWO GUYS come out, one of them, CASH, big, fleshy, holds
text: up a CELL PHONE, photographing the scene. The other,
text: LEE, holds a metal pipe.
speaker_heading: CASH
dialog: Smile, baby.
text: He points the cell phone/camera at Erica.
text: David moves closer to her.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Like I said, I don't have much
dialog: cash on me but you guys can have
dialog: what I've got...
text: The three guys close in on them.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Give me your watch, and give me
dialog: that ring, bitch.
text: Erica pulls off her ring, hands it to him. Lee takes the
text: ring, then grabs her hand, pulls her to him. David
dialog: snaps.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Get your hands off her!
text: As he moves toward Lee, Lee whacks him savagely in the
text: face with the metal pipe. Erica screams.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 14
dialog: 15
dialog: 16
dialog: 17
scene_heading: THE BRAVE ONE - Rev. 8/29/06 13.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 14
text: Reed throws Erica against one wall as Cash cheers him
dialog: on...
speaker_heading: CASH
dialog: Hollywood time! Hollywood!
text: Lee continues to beat David already on the ground and
dialog: bloody.
text: Erica's body laid flat on the pavement. They kick her.
speaker_heading: CASH
dialog: (Isn't that cute?) (The love
dialog: birds --) A chickenhead and a
dialog: faggot.
text: She looks over at David.
scene_heading: INT. COLUMBIA PRESBYTERIAN HOSPITAL - TRAUMA CENTER - 15
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: Two gurneys are rushed into the emergency from outside.
text: Doctors and nurses crowd around to give aid.
speaker_heading: ON ERICA
text: Unconscious on the gurney, her blouse, covered in blood.
text: Surgical scissors slice through it, exposing her bruised
dialog: flesh...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: FLASHBACK - INT. BEDROOM - DAVID'S HANDS 16
text: Undoing the buttons of her blouse. They are gentle, dark
text: against her fair skin, like pianist's hands.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. COLUMBIA PRESBYTERIAN HOSPITAL - TRAUMA CENTER - 17
speaker_heading: NIGHT (PRESENT)
text: Scissors slice through her hair, exposing the raw,
dialog: bleeding wounds there...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: te HOF
dialog: 18
dialog: 19
dialog: 20
dialog: 21
dialog: 22
dialog: 14.
scene_heading: FLASHBACK - INT. BEDROOM - DAVID'S HANDS 18
text: Running through her hair. She arches her head back. His
text: hands trace a line down her forehead, towards her nose,
dialog: her mouth...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. COLUMBIA PRESBYTERIAN HOSPITAL - TRAUMA CENTER - 19
speaker_heading: NIGHT (PRESENT)
text: A nurse's hands pry open her mouth, insert a rubber bite
text: between her teeth, push in a feeding tube.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: FLASHBACK - INT. BEDROOM 20
text: David's lips meet hers in a kiss. Their lips part. The
text: moment is strange. His face rises above her, OUT OF
text: FOCUS. It is as if she can't reach him, is locked in a
dialog: bubble, can't move or speak...
scene_heading: INT. ERICA'S HOSPITAL ROOM - NIGHT (PRESENT) 21
text: Erica -- thin plastic tubes run from her broken, frail
text: body, to big, square, pale-colored machines. It's ugly,
text: survival. Uglier in a way, than even the attack. It is
text: cold and without passion -- an odd way to hold on to a
dialog: life.
scene_heading: INT. WAITING ROOM - CONTINUOUS ACTION 22
text: David's MOTHER, SISTERS, AUNTS are crowded in the room.
text: Dark-skinned, emotional, more than a few are praying.
text: Nicole is there, watching them, wishing like all of us,
dialog: she had whatever they have in this moment -- faith,
dialog: family, prayer.
text: A SOCIAL CARE WORKER enters, approaches David's mother,
dialog: sisters.
speaker_heading: SOCIAL CARE WORKER
dialog: Does she have any family you need
dialog: to call?
text: DAVID'S MOM turns to Nicole.
speaker_heading: DAVID'S MOM
dialog: Does she?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 22
dialog: 23
dialog: 24
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Nicole shakes her head.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: It's just her.
scene_heading: INT. EMERGENCY ROOM - DAY
text: The body of a beautiful woman on a gurney.
text: wound has ruined part of her face.
text: draws a sheet over her.
text: DETECTIVE SEAN MERCER, tall, dark,
scene_heading: DETECTIVE VITALE.
speaker_heading: VITALE
text: She was dead on arrival.
text: prints all over the gun.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: VITALE
text: Her bedroom.
speaker_heading: MERCER
text: So. He's laughing again.
text: He is visibly upset.
text: He walks through the emergency room,
text: is wheeled away, to an open door.
dialog: 15.
dialog: 22
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 23
dialog: A bullet
dialog: A medical orderly
dialog: a bit weary, looks
text: down, his eyes examining every detail.
dialog: With him is
dialog: Her
dialog: Daughter called 911.
text: as the woman's body
dialog: Through the door, we
text: see a waiting room where a young girl, HAYLEY ADAMS,
text: sits, traumatized, with a CPA worker.
dialog: through.
scene_heading: INT. WAITING ROOM - DAY
text: Mercer approaches the care worker.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Can I talk to her now?
speaker_heading: CPA WORKER
dialog: You can try --
dialog: Mercer walks
dialog: 24
text: Says softly.
text: Mercer walks forward slowly, takes the girl's hand.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 24
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 24
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: (gentle)
dialog: That was a really bad thing that *
dialog: happened. And it's gonna hurt for *
dialog: a long time. *
text: He moves in front of her, squats down, so he is looking
text: up at her, non-threatening, small.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: I can't imagine how alone you must *
dialog: feel now. Your mom was really *
dialog: worried about you. *
text: She looks at him.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: And she would have wanted you to *
dialog: trust me. So just try, okay? Did *
dialog: your stepfather hurt Mommy? *
text: The girl says nothing. He tries again.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Did he? Did he ever hurt Mommy
dialog: before?
text: No response. She's closed off to the world. He gets up,
dialog: as tough a witness as he's ever had.
text: VITALE gestures down the hall -- A MAN, SONNY MURROW,
text: decent-looking, well-dressed, sees Mercer and comes
text: towards them, through the exterior doors. *
speaker_heading: MURROW
dialog: Come on, honey --
text: Mercer blocks his path.
speaker_heading: MURROW
dialog: You do not have the right -- at a
dialog: time like this -- I need to see
dialog: her -- you do not have the right
dialog: to prevent me --
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Yes, we do.
speaker_heading: MURROW
dialog: She's my daughter.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Your stepdaughter.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 24
dialog: 25
dialog: 26
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 24
text: He gets mad, in a flash. Mercer couldn't care less.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: You know how it works. You've
dialog: been there before. You hire all
dialog: the lawyers, do your thing. But
dialog: now we're doing ours.
dialog: (to Vitale, off
dialog: stepfather)
dialog: You deal with him. I gotta take a
dialog: walk.
text: Mercer leaves, as Vitale shifts the MAN out of the way.
scene_heading: UPPER HALLWAY 25
text: Mercer walks down the hall, passes Erica's room, then
text: turns around, stops, goes back, looks in.
text: Then he steps into the room, turns to the NURSE, older,
dialog: strong, not a lot can shake her.
text: The Nurse shrugs, then, off Erica's unbearably destroyed
dialog: body.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: I used to listen to her show.
text: ON Mercer, looking at Erica.
speaker_heading: MERCER'S POV
text: He looks at her with a COP'S eyes. He doesn't miss a
dialog: thing. Every bruise, every cut, every blow she took he
dialog: sees.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: He barely shakes his head as he walks out the door.
scene_heading: INT. ERICA'S HOSPITAL ROOM - NIGHT 26
text: ON ERICA: Eyes open, staring straight up. She slowly
text: moves her neck, taking in the machinery, the tubes, the
dialog: room.
text: She is awake and alone. And it freaks her out -- the
text: dark, the quiet.
text: Her fingers feel around the bed frame, find the remote.
text: She presses it, the TV turns ON.
dialog: 27
dialog: 28
dialog: 29
dialog: 18.
scene_heading: INT. ERICA'S HOSPITAL ROOM - NEXT MORNING 27
text: David's Mother and sisters are by her bed.
text: Erica is looking at them, stunned.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: You... he's... you had the...
dialog: service?
speaker_heading: DAVID'S MOM
dialog: They didn't know when you were
dialog: going to wake up -- if you were
text: going to wake up.
text: Tears are rolling down David's Mother's face.
speaker_heading: DAVID'S MOM
dialog: You were gone for two weeks. We
dialog: had to let him go. We had to --
text: Erica nods.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: I... want to see him again...
speaker_heading: DAVID'S MOM
dialog: He's gone, honey. He's gone.
text: Despite Erica's best efforts, tears flood down her face.
speaker_heading: DAVID'S MOM
dialog: He would have been happy that you
dialog: lived.
text: She just shakes her head, no idea there was more pain
dialog: left to feel.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 28
scene_heading: INT. ERICA'S HOSPITAL ROOM - DAY 29
text: Two police detectives, PITNEY and O'CONNOR, stand by
text: Erica's bed. They are showing photographs of faces that
text: could possibly be the killers. She shakes her head as
text: each one comes up.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: They're becoming a blur. I can't
dialog: tell anymore.
text: She looks at the detectives standing above her. They are
text: big men, in suits, with the colorful ties detectives
dialog: wear.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 29
speaker_heading: A30
speaker_heading: B30
dialog: 30
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 29
speaker_heading: PITNEY
dialog: You gotta help us here. We need
dialog: something from you, anything --
text: As the pictures flash by.
speaker_heading: O'CONNOR
dialog: Why don't we go through it again.
dialog: After he slammed your boyfriend
dialog: with the pipe --
text: She clams up. This seems hopeless.
speaker_heading: PITNEY
dialog: Look, we know how tough it can be
dialog: to go back there --
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Do you?
text: She looks round at their faces. Men, hard and practical.
speaker_heading: O'CONNOR
dialog: We are on your side, Miss Bain.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: I know. You're the good guys. So
dialog: why doesn't it feel like that?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ERICA'S HOSPITAL ROOM - DAY A30
text: Erica, dressed in street clothing, sits across from a
text: THERAPIST. There is an orderly with a wheelchair in the
text: room. The Therapist hands her a sample pack of anti-
text: depressants, writes her a prescription.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. ERICA'S BUILDING - HALLWAY - DAY B30
text: Erica walks down the hall towards the stairs. A taxi cab
text: pulls away in the b.g.
scene_heading: INT. ERICA'S APARTMENT - DAY 30
text: Erica stands in the doorway trying to assemble the pieces
text: in some way that makes sense.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 30
dialog: 31
speaker_heading: A32
speaker_heading: B32
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 30
text: She SEES him everywhere -- his nylon JACKET on a kitchen
text: chair, his TENNIS SHOES kicked off in front of the sofa,
text: his kind of geeky but kind of cool clothes tossed on the
dialog: TV --
text: She drops her shit, heads to the BEDROOM, dreading it and
text: knowing she has to face it.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - ERICA'S POV - DAY 31
text: Their unmade bed -- his green SCRUBS tossed on the floor,
text: ON his CROSS on the table next to it...
text: There is a small CD player by the bed. She reaches out
text: and opens it. Sees a CD still there. Hits the play
dialog: button.
text: A song drifts through. ERIC CLAPTON, "Tears In Heaven."
scene_heading: FLASHBACK - ERICA AND DAVID
text: She is dancing with David, swaying gently, by the bed.
text: His hand draws her dress up. His lips play on her neck.
text: She laughs, softly, falls back, supported by his arms,
text: towards the bed.
scene_heading: EXT. CENTRAL PARK
text: But her head falls onto hard earth now. Lee, above, is
dialog: beating the shit out of her.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Cunt. Bitch. Whore.
scene_heading: INT. ERICA'S BEDROOM - NIGHT (PRESENT) A32
text: Erica, lying on the bed fully clothed. Trying to sleep.
dialog: She can't.
scene_heading: INT. ERICA'S LIVING ROOM - DAY B32
text: The TELEPHONE is RINGING. Erica walks out of the
text: bedroom, pulling a blouse on. She tucks David's cross,
text: hanging around her neck, between the buttons of her
text: blouse. We hear a voice, leaving a message on the phone.
dialog: Nicole's.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: B32
speaker_heading: C32
speaker_heading: D32
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: B32
speaker_heading: NICOLE (V.O.)
dialog: (on answer-machine)
dialog: Hi. Call me. I'm taking you out.
dialog: Dinner, a movie, a walk. Anything
dialog: to get you out of there...
text: She doesn't pick up. Walks towards the apartment door
text: and opens it.
scene_heading: INT. ERICA'S STAIRWELL - CORRIDOR - DAY C32
text: Erica, walking down the stairs towards the corridor that
text: leads to the open door -- and the street outside.
text: The corridor is long, dark, and eerie. The daylight
text: gleams through the open door, but seems threatening,
text: rather than comforting.
text: She finally manages the journey down it, which seems to
dialog: take an age.
text: She makes it to the half-open door, and sees the
text: silhouetted figures of construction workers on the
text: scaffolding opposite her building. A LOUD CRASH -- which
text: startles her. A plank has fallen to the ground below the
text: scaffolding.
text: A wind blows the dark netting, covering the scaffolding.
text: Eerie, unsettling.
scene_heading: EXT. ERICA'S APARTMENT BUILDING/STREET - CONTINUOUS D32
speaker_heading: ACTION
text: She makes it down the steps and heads down the street.
text: Then sees -- the dark phalanx of the rock of the park,
text: the trees above it. The same wind blowing the leaves.
text: She can't go on, turns back. And gasps as she walks
text: straight into the path of someone coming from behind.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Hey --
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Sorry --
text: She does a bad job of hiding her panic, her surprise.
text: She heads back up the stoop.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 32
dialog: 33
dialog: 34
dialog: 35
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 32
dialog: &
dialog: 33
scene_heading: INT. ERICA'S BEDROOM - NIGHT 34
text: Erica, lying in bed, can't sleep. She takes another
text: pill, chasing it with water.
text: She gets up, walks around, hoping the pills will take
dialog: effect but knowing they won't, just as the ones from the
dialog: night before didn't. And the night before that.
dialog: She goes into the --
scene_heading: FLASHBACK - INT. BATHROOM
text: Runs a BATH, puts her HAND under the water, checks the
dialog: temperature...
text: There is a HAND on her face, it is David's, trying to
dialog: calm her.
text: They are in a fight, she PUSHES HIM, his face crumbles,
dialog: she hates herself.
text: As Erica throws her arms around David, kissing him -- she
text: is SMASHED in the face, again and again and again and
text: again until she falls, lands almost softly on the dirt.
speaker_heading: BACK TO ERICA (PRESENT)
text: Now in the bath, not flinching from the memories, taking
text: the full force of the blows, again.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ERICA'S OFFICE - DAY 35
text: The TELEPHONE RINGING. Erica standing by the window,
text: smoking. Down below, she sees JOSAI, her neighbor,
text: cultivating the small vegetable plot in the common
dialog: garden.
text: A voice on the answer machine again. Nicole.
speaker_heading: NICOLE (V.O.)
dialog: (on answer-machine)
dialog: Hi. Me again. The pest. You
dialog: didn't call. I'm coming round...
text: Erica looks at the phone, looks at her apartment, her
text: jail -- her jacket on the chair where it's been for
dialog: days -- fuck it, it's time.
speaker_heading: A36
speaker_heading: B36
dialog: 36
dialog: 23.
scene_heading: INT. ERICA'S APARTMENT - DOWNSTAIRS HALLWAY - DAY A36
text: Erica, coming down the stairs. She sees the corridor
text: ahead of her. Walks down it. Opens the door.
scene_heading: EXT. ERICA'S APARTMENT BUILDING - CONTINUOUS ACTION B36
text: Sees the brightly-lit street. The figures of the
text: construction workers, eerie under the dark netting. She
text: makes it down the stoop.
text: To her left is the park. To her right, the street leads
text: to some distant projects. She chooses the right.
scene_heading: EXT. WEST 103RD STREET - DAY 36
text: It's the same street she walked at the beginning, before
dialog: the attack, a street she's walked a thousand times
dialog: before.
text: Hands in the pockets of her jacket, Erica heads down the
text: familiar, quiet three-block stretch.
speaker_heading: ERICA'S POV
text: She MOVES FORWARD DOWN the sun-lit street, familiar with
dialog: its corners, its rhythms, its shadows --
text: But the sunlight only increases her unease. Every shadow
text: holds a terror for her.
text: A youth, sitting in the shadows on the stoop, talking
text: into his cell phone.
text: A car up ahead, a lone man sitting in it, again on the
text: shadowed side.
text: She speeds up to pass the car, but the CAMERA SLOWS ON
text: his face, the windscreen cut in half by the shadow, his
text: face against the shadowed seat.
text: He seems to be glaring at her.
text: Erica's eyes start scanning the street as she walks past
text: the MAN in the car.
text: The CAMERA SLOWS even more -- the few feet of shadowed
text: pavement seem to take forever to cover.
text: She makes it past, then the car door opens behind her.
text: The loud sound of a DOOR SLAMMING. Then FOOTSTEPS,
dialog: following.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 36
speaker_heading: A37
speaker_heading: B37
scene_heading: THE BRAVE ONE - Rev. 8/4/06 24.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 36
text: She tries to calm herself but her battered body will not
text: listen -- her CHEST starts pounding, she wipes her sweaty
text: hands on her coat -- the sound of his FOOTSTEPS GROW
text: LOUDER, she can't bring herself to look around.
text: She YANKS herself back even as she picks up her pace --
text: the SOUND of her QUICKENING FOOTSTEPS, his FOOTSTEPS
text: quickening too, her breathing, her racing pulse blend
text: together until the SOUND DROPS OUT -- and Erica's
text: BREATHING becomes the unsettling soundtrack to her panic.
text: The man is alongside her now, on the street side.
text: FUCK!!!! She stops, dead. And the GUY, totally unaware
text: of her, walks on to the newspaper stand, buys his paper,
text: a pack of gum.
speaker_heading: OMITTED A37
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION/MAIN AREA - DAY (PREVIOUSLY SC. 33) B37
text: Erica enters through the main doors. Holds onto the door
dialog: handle.
text: She looks at the lobby area of the police station -- cops
text: moving back and forwards with guns in holsters, people
text: milling around, sunlight streaming through the huge
dialog: windows.
text: It seems all she can to enter this public space. But she
text: does. Walks forward to the desk.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Can I help you?
text: She checks a card.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Detective Pitney or O'Connor
dialog: please.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: They're out presently. Could
dialog: anyone else help?
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: I want to check on my case. I've
dialog: been calling, but getting nothing
dialog: but phone-tag. I thought if I
dialog: came in person it might --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: B37 CONTINUED: B37
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: What kind of case?
dialog: We can see how difficult this is for her, but she manages
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: My boyfriend was beaten to death.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Location?
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Central Park.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Name?
text: The questions routine -- the answers unbearable.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: David Kirmani. It might be under
dialog: Erica Bain.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: How long ago?
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: June eleventh.
text: The cop hits a couple more KEYS.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON COMPUTER SCREEN
text: FILLED WITH NAMES OF VICTIMS, LOCATIONS of ATTACKS, TIMES
text: OF DEATH -- as he SEARCHES -- PAGE after PAGE after PAGE
text: of CASES FILL the SCREEN.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON ERICA
text: As she watches the COP SEARCH through computer files for
text: her sleepless nights and battered body and dead dreams.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: A liaison officer will be down
dialog: shortly to help. I know how
dialog: difficult this can be. If you
dialog: could please be a little patient
dialog: and take a seat over there --
text: He points to a row of folding chairs. A couple of other
text: PEOPLE are there waiting.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: B37
dialog: 37
dialog: 38
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) B37
text: As Erica goes to the chairs, sits down, she watches the
dialog: next person in line come up, give their information.
text: The COP checks the computer. Hits a few keys.
speaker_heading: COP (0O.S.)
dialog: Okay, a liaison officer will be
dialog: down shortly to help. I know how
dialog: difficult this can be. If you
dialog: could please be a little patient
dialog: and take a seat over there --
text: He gestures to the chairs.
speaker_heading: ERICA'S POV
text: Maybe it's the isolation in their faces, the unbearable
dialog: knowledge that what happened to them will never matter to
dialog: anyone as much as it does to them -- but all of a sudden
dialog: Erica gets, as we do, what they have in common -- they're
text: victims -- and she is one of them.
text: After a beat, she gets up and leaves.
scene_heading: EXT. ERICA'S APARTMENT BUILDING - DAY 37
text: Nicole comes up the sidewalk, carrying a bag of
dialog: groceries.
scene_heading: INT. ERICA'S KITCHEN - MOMENTS LATER 38
text: Erica is standing in the kitchen, watching Nicole put the
text: groceries away.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: I've been calling you.
dialog: (then)
dialog: You haven't picked up your phone.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: I know, Nicole.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Erica --
text: Nicole looks at Erica -- through her eyes, eyes that
dialog: haven't seen her every day, we see the change.
text: She's thinner, hair a little longer, her eyes are
text: distant, her hands dry, her skin clear but pale.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 38
speaker_heading: A39
dialog: 39
scene_heading: THE BRAVE ONE - Rev. 8/29/06 27.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 38
text: Nicole looks around, no food, no dirty glasses or cups,
dialog: no magazines, newspapers, no grocery bags, nothing, a
dialog: total absence of living.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: How long has it been since you've
dialog: been out? A week, ten days --
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: I made it out today.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: (That's good) Erica, no one
dialog: expects you to go back to work, to
dialog: function, but you have to --
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: What do I have to do? (Nicole)
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I know I don't know what it feels
dialog: like -- and I'm so sorry this
dialog: happened to you.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Listen, I didn't come over to
dialog: bring you groceries. I came to
dialog: take you someplace.
text: Erica immediately pulls back.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Oh no. No, no.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: I saw this place and I can't vouch
dialog: for it -- but David would have
dialog: wanted you to try --
scene_heading: EXT. MARTIAL ARTS STUDIO - DAY A39
text: Nicole and Erica enter and come upon...
scene_heading: INT. MARTIAL ARTS STUDIO - WOMEN'S SELF-DEFENSE CLASS - 39
speaker_heading: DAY
text: A tough GUY runs toward a WOMAN. The INSTRUCTOR shouts
text: directions. A group of women around them on the mat.
speaker_heading: INSTRUCTOR
text: Walk forward, Dana. Yell when he
dialog: grabs you.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 39
dialog: 40
dialog: 41
scene_heading: THE BRAVE ONE - Rev. 8/29/06 28.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 39
text: She SHOUTS, thrusts her arms between his, breaks his
text: grip. Then she knees him in the balls. Shouting "No!"
dialog: after each attack.
text: Erica, Nicole watch.
speaker_heading: INSTRUCTOR
dialog: That's right. Find a target.
dialog: Keep fighting. Hit him hard.
dialog: Finish up.
text: She blows her whistle.
speaker_heading: INSTRUCTOR
dialog: Beautiful. Look around you. Come
text: to the top of his head. Assess
dialog: him. All together: 911.
text: The entire class shouts "911" and cheers.
text: Erica can not fucking stand it. She tugs at Nicole.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: We have to go, come on.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: I know. Sorry. Sorry.
text: They leave.
scene_heading: EXT. GUN STORE (CHINATOWN) - DAY 40
text: A small, nondescript gun store, with an outsized gun
text: dangling above the entrance. The same gun store Erica
dialog: saw in the photography show.
text: Erica crosses the street, walks into the store.
scene_heading: INT. GUN STORE - CONTINUOUS ACTION 41
text: A young MAN, buying bullets, at the counter. Erica
text: enters behind him, looking at the counter. A long row of
text: shiny guns under glass. She checks them out. After the
text: Man pays, the STORE OWNER addresses her.
speaker_heading: OWNER
dialog: Can I help you?
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Um... yeah. I want (need) to buy
text: a gun.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: * te HOF
speaker_heading: te HOF
dialog: 41
dialog: 42
speaker_heading: THE BRAVE
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: He puts a
text: He shoves
dialog: She looks
dialog: The Store
dialog: The Store
dialog: way out,
scene_heading: ONE - Rev. 8/29/06
text: stack of forms on the counter.
speaker_heading: OWNER
dialog: License?
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Oh... Of course. I needa
dialog: license.
text: forms towards her.
speaker_heading: OWNER
dialog: When you get that -- fill these
dialog: forms out -- we'll notify you in
dialog: thirty days.
dialog: at the forms, the guns --
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: I need to buy something now.
speaker_heading: OWNER
dialog: Sorry. That's illegal.
text: Owner turns away.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: (desperate)
dialog: Hey --
dialog: (as the guy
dialog: turns back)
dialog: I... I won't survive thirty days.
text: Owner doesn’t care. But the young Man,
text: has heard the conversation.
scene_heading: EXT. GUN STORE - CONTINUOUS ACTION
dialog: As Erica
dialog: doorway,
dialog: She shake
dialog: 29.
dialog: 41
dialog: on his
dialog: 42
text: exits the store, the young Man is at an adjacent
text: waiting for her.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: What happened to you?
text: s her head, just looks at him.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: 42 CONTINUED: 42
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: I don't feel safe anywhere.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Thousand dollars.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: (nods)
dialog: I need to learn how to use it too.
text: He looks at her, no shit.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: No shit. Follow me --
text: He turns the corner, into the next street, then enters a
text: crowded fish market. Erica hesitates, outside, but
text: notices the crowd in there, decides it's safe --
scene_heading: AA43 EXT. CHINATOWN STREET - DAY ABA43
text: The Man and Erica walk down a crowded street of Asian
dialog: shoppers.
scene_heading: A43 INT. CHINATOWN FISH MARKET - DAY A43
dialog: Chinese housewives, buying all manner of fish. Erica
text: follows the Man through.
scene_heading: B43 EXT. BACK OF CHINATOWN FISH MARKET - DAY B43
text: Erica waiting there. The young Man comes up a stairwell,
text: with a plastic bag.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: It's a Kahr K-9. Check to see if
dialog: it's loaded.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Chamber it. Pull the slide back.
dialog: She does that.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: It's got an internal safety. So
dialog: you don’t shoot yourself. Pay me
dialog: now, it's yours.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: B43
dialog: 43
dialog: 44
dialog: 45
dialog: 46
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: B43
text: She seems to hesitate. He holds up the plastic bag.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: I'll throw in the bullets.
text: He takes out a bullet stock.
speaker_heading: MAN
text: Load from the handle.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 43
scene_heading: INT. ERICA'S BEDROOM - NIGHT 44
text: Erica lies in bed, TV ON. She picks up a bottle of anti-
text: depressants, looks at it, sets it down.
text: She picks up the GUN -- the weight of it, the steel, the
dialog: finality -- does what the anti-depressants and sleeping
text: pills and alcohol have failed to do, it calms her,
dialog: soothes her --
text: She places it beneath her pillow and closes her eyes.
text: And finally, sleeps.
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS (NEW YORK) - DAY 45
text: A MONTAGE OF SOUNDS -- as Erica walks about the city, her
text: digital sound recorder in her shoulder bag.
text: The mayhem of Times Square morphs into a subterranean
text: SCREECH, as Erica holds her microphone to the grating.
text: An overhead TRAIN ECHOES 'round an underpass, Erica
text: beneath, recording. The CRACK of HANDBALLS in a handball
text: alley, Erica outside the fence...
scene_heading: EXT. ERICA'S APARTMENT BUILDING - EARLY EVENING 46
text: Erica is sitting on the stoop, and the sounds all blur
text: into one as she fast plays through them. She is smoking.
text: Josai walks up, heads up the stairs. Erica moves over to
text: let her walk by.
text: But instead, Josai sits next to her.
text: Erica takes a drag, then offers one to Josai. Josai
text: gives her a look.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 46
speaker_heading: A47
dialog: 47
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 46
speaker_heading: JOSAI
dialog: You shouldn't smoke, it'll kill
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: I don't care.
text: Josai looks at her.
speaker_heading: JOSAI
dialog: There's plenty of ways to die.
text: Josai waits for a response from Erica, and when there is
dialog: none, rises --
speaker_heading: JOSAI
dialog: But you have to figure out a way
dialog: to live. Now that's hard.
text: Josai goes inside. Erica sits there, smoking.
dialog: She watches --
text: A stray dog walks down the street, staying in the
text: shadows. It could have been Curtis. But it's not.
scene_heading: EXT. SANDY'S MARKET - ESTABLISHING SHOT - NIGHT A47
text: Erica walks in.
scene_heading: INT. SANDY'S MARKET - NIGHT 47
text: Erica is in the back aisle of a small market getting
text: bottled water from the refrigerator. She's the only
text: customer in the store.
text: A YOUNG ASIAN WOMAN sits on a stool behind the cash
dialog: register.
text: A MAN, 30s, (SANDY) wearing a green flight jacket walks
text: in. He looks around the store for a couple seconds.
text: He doesn't see Erica who is obscured by the aisles.
speaker_heading: THE WOMAN (IDA) responds immediately.
speaker_heading: ASIAN WOMAN
dialog: When did you get out --
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: So you won't let me see my kids?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: 47 CONTINUED: 47
text: There are pictures of two children, taped to the wall
text: behind her.
speaker_heading: ASIAN WOMAN
dialog: You can't be here -- court
dialog: order --
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (screams)
dialog: You won't let me see my fucking
dialog: kids?
speaker_heading: ASIAN WOMAN
dialog: I'm calling 911, Sandy -- now --
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: If I can't see them you won't see
dialog: them --
text: She reaches for the phone. Before her hand touches it,
text: he pulls a GUN and SHOOTS at her once -- blood sprays the
text: pictures of the children -- she goes down.
speaker_heading: ON ERICA
text: Watching it on the curved security mirror mounted on the
text: ceiling. She is frozen in terror.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Fucking woman -- try seeing them
dialog: now.
text: He SHOOTS her AGAIN and AGAIN. Then reaches over and
text: grabs handfuls of cash from the register.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: My money, too --
speaker_heading: ON ERICA
text: As she watches in utter horror. She breaks out in beads
text: of sweat as she crouches lower to stay out of sight.
speaker_heading: ON GUNMAN
text: The gunman stuffs the money in his pocket, heads for the
text: BACK DOOR. He's almost out, but he HEARS a CELL PHONE
text: RINGING from the back of the store.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 47
dialog: 48
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 47
speaker_heading: ON ERICA
text: She pulls the PHONE from her pocket and fumbles to turn
text: it OFF. Too late.
text: In the surveillance mirror she sees the GUNMAN heading
text: her way. She's trapped -- terrified.
speaker_heading: ON GUNMAN
text: He rounds the corner -- and sees something, distorted by
text: the display of bottles to his left --
text: The muzzle of a Kahr K-9.
text: The last thing he ever sees is a FLASH OF FIRE from the
text: barrel as Erica pulls the trigger, BLOWING the bottles
dialog: apart.
speaker_heading: ON ERICA
text: as she FIRES TWICE more, blindly, BOTTLES SHATTERING.
text: She listens to the silence then. Peers 'round the shelf
text: that divided them. Sees a spray of blood, hitting a
text: tomato can. Below it, the gunman dying, blood spouting
text: from a single shot to his jugular vein.
text: And then, in an act more significant than she knows, she
text: pulls it together: She lowers the cocked hammer on her
text: semi-automatic and puts it back in her pocket.
text: She surveys the STORE -- sees the SURVEILLANCE CAMERA
text: pointed down at her.
text: She looks at the woman's dead body behind the counter and
text: realizes she is beyond help. She reaches in, ejects the
text: tape from the machine behind.
text: She looks at the blood on the sleeve of her coat, wipes
text: some from her cheek, hurries out of the store.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT 48
text: Erica moves quickly down the street, not looking back,
text: then quickly glances over her shoulder as she turns the
dialog: corner.
speaker_heading: A49
dialog: 49
dialog: 35.
scene_heading: EXT. HARLEM STREET/UNDER PARK AVE. EL (PREVIOUSLY SCENE A49
dialog: 60)
dialog: Gentrification hasn't reached this far -- not yet.
text: Erica, walking fast, almost maniacally, as if to get as
text: far away as possible from what she has done.
text: Blonde, thin, she walks, and gets looks from whoever is
dialog: left on the streets, "what the fuck is she doing there?"
text: But they leave her alone, not even sure why, they just
dialog: know enough to keep going.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LATE-NIGHT BAR - NIGHT 49
text: Mercer sits on his own in a late-night bar. A woman
text: comes through the entrance and towards him. JACKIE, a
text: trial lawyer, well-dressed and pretty.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: You shouldn't work this late.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: Had a client dinner.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Sea-Breeze, right?
text: She shakes her head.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: You said this was business, Sean.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: It is. I need a favor from you.
dialog: You heard about the Murrow thing?
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: Yes. His wife killed herself.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Women never shoot themselves in
dialog: the face. In my experience.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: Where do they shoot themselves?
dialog: In your experience?
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: The heart.
text: Their eyes meet. Jackie looks down.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 49
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: She was about to turn state's
dialog: evidence. Three years I been
dialog: trying to nail this asshole.
text: Instead of blowing the lid on him,
dialog: she blows her own lid off?
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: You never let go, do you?
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: And you think it's your fault.
dialog: It's killing you.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Maybe.
text: She shifts uncomfortably.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: So what can I do?
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Her daughter might be able to tell
dialog: me something, but he's applied for
dialog: custody. With the lawyers he can
dialog: afford, he'll get it, unless --
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: He's the father?
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Stepfather.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: And you want her made a ward of
dialog: court?
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: She knows he did it. She might be
dialog: next.
text: He reaches out to touch her hand.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: I thought maybe you could -- act
dialog: on her behalf --
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 49
dialog: 49
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 37.
dialog: (2) 49
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: Sean, I'm your ex-wife. Conflict
dialog: of interest and all that. And I
dialog: don't do pro-bono.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: You did once.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: Yeah, well, I grew up.
text: She withdraws her hand.
dialog: She looks
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: Look at yourself. The same old
dialog: obsessive thing. The law,
dialog: justice, the bad guy out there.
dialog: Sometimes they get away with it.
dialog: You have to learn to let go.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Do I?
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: If you want a life. But I'm kind
dialog: of glad you asked to meet.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Yeah, it's nice to see you.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: Because I've something to tell
dialog: you.
text: at him.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: I'm pregnant.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: I take that back. It's not nice
dialog: to see you.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: You're fast. I miss that about
dialog: you.
text: He is devastated. But he covers it well.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: So. You got there, huh?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 49
speaker_heading: ASO
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 49
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: Remember that little blue thing?
dialog: It went pink.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Blue and pink. I used to get them
dialog: mixed up.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: Well, pink is when you're
dialog: pregnant.
dialog: (softly)
dialog: And now is when I want to have it.
text: Mercer smiles, bleakly.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: He's happy about it, and so am I.
dialog: I don't expect you to be over the
dialog: moon, but I thought you should
dialog: know.
text: He can't take it anymore. He stands.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Jackie --
text: He kisses her, on the cheek. Gently. Saying goodbye.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: See? I didn't lose it. I didn't
dialog: say I'd break his face. I didn't
dialog: say I'd like to throw you through
dialog: that plate-glass window.
speaker_heading: JACKIE
dialog: You never lose it --
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: I'm a cop. We investigate that
dialog: shit. We don't do it.
dialog: He goes.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE PRECINCT - NIGHT A50
text: Mercer enters, turns on the light. A lonely figure among
text: the empty desks.
text: An old tape machine there. He presses the button. We
text: hear a woman's voice -- the voice of Murrow's dead wife.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: ASO CONTINUED: A50
speaker_heading: MURROW'S WIFE (V.O.)
dialog: (on tape)
dialog: I'd tell you more, but I'm afraid.
dialog: I know the things he does, I know
dialog: where the blood money comes from,
dialog: but have you ever been afraid of
dialog: your own house, your own bedroom,
dialog: of the man you have to sleep
dialog: beside? When I get my daughter
dialog: out of there, I'll tell you
dialog: things. When I make her safe,
dialog: I'll tell you things. Until then,
dialog: I'm afraid of my own shadow.
text: He takes out her file, looks at the dead woman's photo.
text: His ex-wife was right, it is killing him.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: (softly)
dialog: I'm sorry.
text: It is almost a relief when his CELL PHONE RINGS.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Mercer --
dialog: (listens)
dialog: Okay. I'm on my way.
scene_heading: 50 INT. ERICA'S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 50
text: Erica enters, locks the door behind her. She goes to a
text: cabinet, takes out the first bottle she sees, pours
text: herself a glass.
text: She takes the gun and videotape out of her pocket, peels
text: out of her coat. Throws the TAPE in a drawer.
text: She sits on the sofa, hands hanging off her knees, a
text: speck of blood riding her cheek --
scene_heading: 51 INT. ERICA'S BATHROOM - NIGHT 51
text: Erica lets the shower pound her body. Thinner still than
dialog: when we first saw her, more desperate, and somehow, at
dialog: least in this light, more powerful.
scene_heading: 52 EXT. SANDY'S MARKET - NIGHT 52
text: Police cars, ambulances, and the coroner's van are parked
text: on the street in front of the store, red lights bouncing
text: off the glass. Mercer pulls up in his detective car.
dialog: 53
dialog: 40.
scene_heading: INT. SANDY'S MARKET - NIGHT 53
text: A police photographer photographs the dead body behind
text: the counter. Several uniforms stand around.
text: Mercer walks through the crowded interior, looking,
text: trying to form a scene that makes sense.
text: Mercer joins Vitale and kneels down beside the body.
speaker_heading: VITALE
dialog: (enthusiastic)
dialog: Hey, good to see you.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Any I.D. yet?
speaker_heading: VITALE
dialog: Sandy Combs -- twenty-nine, rap
dialog: sheet longer than my dick.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: So, in other words, no priors.
speaker_heading: VITALE
text: The victim is a thirty-year-old
dialog: Vietnamese female -- Ida...
dialog: Hands Mercer her I.D.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Combs. So what does that tell us?
speaker_heading: VITALE
dialog: They were married? See, I'm way
dialog: ahead of you.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: One way to end it.
text: He looks from the woman's body to the man's.
speaker_heading: VITALE
dialog: What's wrong with divorce?
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Everything. Divorce sucks. So,
dialog: tell me --
speaker_heading: VITALE
text: He shot her in the neck, torso and
text: face. Thirty-eight. Then
dialog: somebody smoked him. Nine
dialog: millimeter automatic. Don't ask
dialog: me who.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: 53 CONTINUED: 53
text: Mercer looks over at the cash strewn on the ground.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Why didn't they take the money?
speaker_heading: VITALE
dialog: Got scared?
text: Vitale takes a plastic bag out of his coat pocket. It
text: contains three shell casings.
speaker_heading: VITALE
dialog: They picked this up -- looks like
dialog: there's a partial print on one but
text: it's smudged.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Did you check the surveillance
dialog: tape?
speaker_heading: VITALE
dialog: Machine's empty --
text: That bugs Mercer. He goes to the drawer under the
text: machine -- finds a tape -- STICKS one in -- it PLAYS.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Machine's working -- where's the
dialog: tape?
text: Vitale shrugs.
speaker_heading: MERCER
text: Three casings. He was only hit
dialog: once. What does that tell you?
speaker_heading: VITALE
text: Crappy shooter.
text: Looking at the body. The entry wound in the neck.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Or. He'd never shot a gun before.
text: Mercer studies the entry point, and angle of entry of the
text: bullet -- steps back, looks at the dead man, draws an
text: imaginary trajectory in his mind and walks over to where
dialog: Erica was.
scene_heading: 54 INT. ERICA'S APARTMENT - NIGHT 54
text: Erica, hair wet from the shower, is sitting on the couch.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: 54 CONTINUED: 54
text: Cigarette in one hand, gun in the other, fighting tears
dialog: of anguish.
text: But she faces, doesn't hide from, what she has done.
text: SEES HERSELF IN THE MARKET -- PULLING THE TRIGGER.
text: She gets up, OPENS a WINDOW for air -- feels the air on
text: her skin, more afraid of what's in her, but a lot less
dialog: afraid of what's outside --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 55 INT. MERCER'S APARTMENT - NIGHT 55
text: Mercer enters to an EMPTY APARTMENT.
text: He walks in, pours himself a drink, pulls open a drawer
text: below the drinks cabinet.
text: A picture there, of himself and Jackie. And a wedding
dialog: ring.
speaker_heading: ERICA (V.O.)
dialog: It is astonishing... numbing to
dialog: find that there is inside you a
dialog: stranger...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 56 INT. ERICA'S APARTMENT - LATER 56
text: Erica is sitting on the couch, a small tape machine in
text: front of her, talking to it, as if she's the only person
dialog: in the world.
speaker_heading: ERICA (V.O.)
dialog: one who has your hands, your
dialog: eyes, your legs... a sleepless,
dialog: restless stranger... who keeps
dialog: walking, keeps eating, keeps
dialog: living...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 57 INT. MERCER'S APARTMENT - EARLY A.M. 57
text: Mercer, in bed, wide-awake in his quiet, empty apartment.
text: He gets up -- starts getting dressed.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 57
dialog: 58
dialog: 59
dialog: 60
dialog: 61
dialog: 62
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 57
text: The photo of him and Jackie is still by the drinks
text: cabinet. He shoves it back in the drawer.
scene_heading: INT. ERICA'S APARTMENT - SAME TIME 58
text: Erica is asleep on the couch. The dawn LIGHT streams
text: through her window. Falls across her face, lighting it.
text: But light isn't what she craves, she opens her eyes,
text: turns in to find the shadows.
scene_heading: HOLD ON HER FACE
text: She can't escape, she is alive, and it is hell.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: OMITTED 59
dialog: 60
scene_heading: INT. ERICA'S APARTMENT - NEXT MORNING 61
text: Erica, in front of her tape machine. Reading from
text: scribbled notes.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: New York, like any metropolis, is
dialog: an organism that changes, mutates,
text: buildings sprout like chromosomes
dialog: on the DNA of its streets --
text: She reaches for the pack of anti-depressants, then stops
text: herself. She hits rewind on the tape machine, and as her
text: words play back to her, goes to the bathroom and empties
text: the pills down the toilet. Flushes it. Then, on
text: impulse, throws her cigarette pack in the trash can.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. RECORDING STUDIO - CAROL'S OFFICE - DAY 62
text: Erica sits across from Carol Olsen. Carol is looking at
text: her with that very strong, very direct gaze of hers.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 62
dialog: 63
dialog: 44,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 62
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: I have two shows ready to go. I
dialog: have almost six in various stages,
dialog: most are ready or close to ready.
dialog: And I have tons of ideas in my
dialog: files. There's a lot more stuff I
dialog: want to do. New. Better.
dialog: (pushing)
dialog: I know what I'm doing. You know
dialog: that. I mean --
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Erica, you've been through so
dialog: much. You need more time before
dialog: you put yourself out there --
text: Erica feels it slipping away.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Don't make me beg.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: I'm sorry. I don't mean to. But
dialog: we have a public. I'm not sure
dialog: you're ready for it --
text: Carol's made her decision -- an awkward moment as she
text: waits for Erica to accept it.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: You're saying I can't work because
dialog: of what happened to me.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: I’m saying you need time to heal.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: I need to keep living. And I
dialog: don't want to disappear...
text: Carol looks at her, that's the truth.
scene_heading: INT. RECORDING STUDIO - HALLWAY - ON ERICA - LATER 63
text: As she walks down the corridor.
text: Some co-workers smile at her, some look away, some try to
dialog: lock into her, to let her know they care --
text: Erica's expression doesn't change as she moves down the
dialog: hall.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 64
dialog: 65
dialog: 66
dialog: 67
dialog: 68
dialog: 69
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 64
scene_heading: INT. RECORDING STUDIO - DAY 65
text: Erica is in front of a soundboard and a mic.
text: She looks at her NOTES. She looks at the RED LIGHT.
text: Takes a sip of water and looks back at it.
scene_heading: INT. MERCER'S CAR - SAME TIME 66
text: Mercer is driving -- RAP ON the RADIO, he SWITCHES
scene_heading: STATIONS -- ALT ROCK, OLDIES -- CLASSICAL, NKW...
speaker_heading: ERICA (V.O.)
dialog: (on radio)
dialog: This is Erica Bain and I walk the
dialog: city...
scene_heading: INT. RECORDING STUDIO - CONTINUOUS ACTION 67
text: Through her HEADPHONES we HEAR the montage of city sounds
dialog: she recorded earlier.
text: Looks at the LIGHT again -- as she does, it turns
speaker_heading: YELLOW --
text: She shifts her body. Takes another sip of water, as she
text: does the light changes from yellow to GREEN.
text: Time for her COMMENTARY, the end of her piece. She takes
text: a breath and begins.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: New York, like any metropolis is
dialog: an organism that --
text: And she stops.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. RECORDING STUDIO - CAROL'S OFFICE - SAME TIME 68
dialog: Carol waiting --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SOUND DESK - SAME TIME 69
text: The sound ENGINEER, his head wrapped in earphones.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 70
dialog: 71
dialog: 72
dialog: 73
scene_heading: THE BRAVE ONE - Rev. 8/29/06 46.
scene_heading: INT. RECORDING STUDIO - CAROL'S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS 70
speaker_heading: ACTION
text: Silent -- dead air. Carol is angry. She knew it. She
text: presses a button on the console in front of her.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Anything else we can cut to?
dialog: Music, pre-record, anything?
scene_heading: INT. ENGINEER'S DESK - SAME TIME 71
text: The ENGINEER looks up at Erica, about to pull the plug --
speaker_heading: ENGINEER
dialog: Shit --
scene_heading: INT. MERCER'S CAR - CONTINUOUS ACTION 72
text: He turns it up -- nothing.
scene_heading: INT. RECORDING STUDIO - CLOSE ON ERICA - CONTINUOUS 73
speaker_heading: ACTION
text: Just her, the mic, and the empty, dark room.
text: She begins again.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: New York, like any metropolis...
text: And she stops again. Then, she looks down at her notes,
text: moves them aside, leans into the mic. Speaks personally,
text: straight from the heart.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: New York the safest big city in
dialog: the world. It is horrible to fear
dialog: the place you once loved. To see
dialog: a (street) corner you knew so well
dialog: and familiar steps and be unable
dialog: to climb them.
text: Her voice strong, intimate.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: I never understood how people
dialog: lived with fear. (people who lived
dialog: with (in) fear)
text: She pauses, considers the weight of the word.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Women who were afraid to walk home
dialog: alone...
speaker_heading: A74
dialog: 74
dialog: 75
speaker_heading: A76
speaker_heading: B76
speaker_heading: C76
scene_heading: THE BRAVE ONE - Rev. 8/29/06 47.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - DAY AT4
text: The nurse that attended Erica is attending another
text: patient, the RADIO PLAYING. She is about to say
text: something, when he puts finger to his lips. Shh -- *
speaker_heading: ERICA (V.O.)
dialog: People afraid of white powder in *
dialog: their mailbox. Darkness. And *
dialog: night. People... afraid of *
dialog: people...
dialog: We are drawn to it...
scene_heading: INT. MERCER'S CAR - SAME TIME 74
dialog: so is he.
speaker_heading: ERICA (V.O.)
dialog: I always believed that the fear *
dialog: belonged to other people. Weaker
dialog: people.
scene_heading: INT. RECORDING STUDIO - CAROL'S OFFICE - SAME TIME 75
text: A frown crosses Carol's face -- this is not what she was
dialog: expecting.
speaker_heading: ERICA (V.O.)
dialog: It never touched me. And then it
dialog: did...
speaker_heading: OMITTED A76
scene_heading: EXT. MIDTOWN BUILDING - DAY B76
text: A man cleaning skyscraper windows, high up, the city
text: below him, with its millions of lives. A radio on the
dialog: platform.
speaker_heading: ERICA (V.O.)
dialog: And when it touches you, you know
dialog: it's been there all along.
scene_heading: INT. RICH APARTMENT - DAY C76
text: Josai, cleaning the floor in an elegant apartment. A
text: well-dressed woman in the b.g. turns UP the RADIO dial.
text: Erica's voice fills the room.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: C76
speaker_heading: D76
dialog: 76
dialog: 77
speaker_heading: 718
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: C76
speaker_heading: ERICA (V.O.)
text: Waiting, behind the surfaces of
dialog: all the things you loved.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET/CEMETERY - DAY (PREVIOUSLY SCENE A76) D76
text: Erica walks past the graffiti-scrawled wall of a
text: cemetery. She walks through the entrance.
speaker_heading: ERICA (V.O.)
dialog: your skin crawls, your heart
dialog: aches, you look at the person that
dialog: was once you, walking down that
dialog: street...
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY - DAY 76
text: Erica in front of David's grave -- coat, backpack --
speaker_heading: ERICA (V.O.)
dialog: and wonder will she ever be
dialog: you again...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY - LATER 77
text: A FULL MOON scatters light across the dark, empty
text: cemetery. Erica is still there, waiting to feel
text: something, but she feels nothing.
speaker_heading: ERICA (V.O.)
dialog: talk to me...
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY CAR - NIGHT 78
text: Erica on her way home from the cemetery; Erica rides the
text: near-empty car, the ride soothing her.
text: Down the car, two GUYS in hoodies are sitting opposite a
text: STUDENT, listening to his IPOD, giving him grief.
speaker_heading: GUY #1
dialog: What sounds you got there?
text: When the Student doesn't respond, he whips the IPOD from
text: his hands.
speaker_heading: STUDENT (ETHAN)
dialog: Hey!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 718
dialog: 49,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 78
speaker_heading: GUY #1
dialog: Doesn’t anyone talk anymore? I
dialog: said what you listening to,
dialog: faggot --
text: He smacks the kid across the face.
speaker_heading: STUDENT (ETHAN)
dialog: Radiohead --
text: As the Student turns his face away from the blow, his
text: eyes meet Erica's.
speaker_heading: GUY #1
dialog: Radio. Head.
text: He yanks the earphones from around his neck.
text: A BEARDED MAN interrupts. He has a boy sitting beside
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: FATHER (BEARDED MAN)
dialog: Why don't you leave him alone?
text: They both turn to look at this brave soul. The boy,
text: nervous, edges closer to his father. The SECOND GUY
text: plumps down beside him.
speaker_heading: GUY #2
dialog: Did you know your daddy sucks
dialog: cock?
text: He pushes the father's head down, holds it there,
text: pretends he's giving him a blow job.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: You little shit --
text: The Father wrestles his head free, brings his hand up.
text: But the Guy has a knife out now, to his nose.
speaker_heading: GUY #2
dialog: Good at it, too --
text: Finally the train comes to a STOP.
text: The man takes the opportunity to grab his boy's hand and
text: head for the doors.
text: The Student follows, looking back to see Erica, sitting
text: calmly at the back.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 718
scene_heading: THE BRAVE ONE - Rev. 8/29/06 50.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: GUY #2
dialog: Tell your mother I said, 'What's
dialog: up.'
speaker_heading: ON THE DOORS
text: They CLOSE, train starts.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
speaker_heading: GUY #1
dialog: I got me an iPOD.
text: And the guys notice, at the back, the only one left.
speaker_heading: GUY #2 (O.S.)
dialog: Oh shit. You're kidding, right?
speaker_heading: ON ERICA
text: sitting at the far end of the car.
speaker_heading: GUY #1 (O.S.)
dialog: Na na na, (Yo, yo, yo) I got this.
text: He walks toward her, the other Guy follows.
speaker_heading: GUY #2 (O.S.)
dialog: Bitch, is you crazy?
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: And he moves VERY CLOSE to her, flicks her earbuds out of
text: her ears with his knife.
speaker_heading: GUY #1
dialog: (soft)
dialog: You gonna give me some Radiohead
dialog: too? You ever been fucked by a
dialog: knife?
text: Suddenly -- he is thrown back, a MIST OF BLOOD, as the
text: BULLET blows through his back. The other one lunges
text: toward her, she FIRES again, he spins around and staggers
text: toward the other end of the car.
text: Wounded, he falls back against the doors.
text: His head slides to one side as he dies, blood streaking
dialog: the doors.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 718
scene_heading: THE BRAVE ONE - Rev. 8/29/06 50A.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2A) 78
text: The car slows, approaches the next station.
text: Erica slides the pistol back in her recorder bag as the
text: doors open.
text: The man's torso slides onto the platform with the doors,
text: half in, half out of the subway car.
text: She walks out.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 718
speaker_heading: 719
dialog: 80
dialog: 81
dialog: 82
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 78
text: Behind her, the subway doors slide closed. The dead
text: man's body blocks them, stopping the train.
speaker_heading: ERICA (V.O.)
dialog: why don't my hands shake...
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY CORRIDOR - NIGHT 719
text: Erica, walking rapidly up the stairs, into a long, neon-
text: lit corridor. The CAMERA SWIRLS AROUND her, as she tries
text: to quell her panic, then heads for the nearest exit.
speaker_heading: ERICA (V.O.)
dialog: how can I watch myself push
dialog: through that turnstile and walk
dialog: away...
scene_heading: EXT. SUBWAY - NIGHT 80
text: Erica emerges and walks into the night.
scene_heading: INT. MERCER'S OFFICE - NIGHT 81
text: Mercer is at his desk, on his computer, working.
text: Vitale walks through, his CELL PHONE in his hand.
speaker_heading: VITALE
dialog: They got two confirmed shot, on a
dialog: subway from Brooklyn, Church
dialog: Street, lower Manhattan. Everyone
dialog: arguing whose jurisdiction it
dialog: is --
text: Mercer thinks for a moment, then stands.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Makes it ours?
text: He makes for the door.
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS - NIGHT 82
text: Erica, still walking. The sounds of POLICE SIRENS
text: WAILING. She stops.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: + ee RF
dialog: 82
dialog: 83
speaker_heading: A84
dialog: 84
dialog: 85
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 82
scene_heading: CLOSE ON HER FACE
text: LIT BY THE FLASHING POLICE LIGHTS: A strange sense of
text: blankness in her face. Mixed with the WAILING OF SIRENS
text: is the THUMP OF MUSIC from a nearby bar. She abruptly
text: turns, and walks into it.
scene_heading: INT. BAR - NIGHT 83
text: LOUD MUSIC. A brash, dating crowd. Erica pushes through
text: a sea of men's faces and walks down circular stairs
text: towards the restroom.
scene_heading: INT. BAR RESTROOM - NIGHT A84
text: Erica pushes through the door and dry-retches into the
text: sink. Her face is now covered in beads of sweat. She
text: runs the taps and bathes her face in water. Breathes
text: deeply, looks up at the stranger in the mirror. Herself.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Hey, you...
text: ON her face in the mirror. Unnaturally calm, again.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY TUNNEL - NIGHT 84
text: BRIGHT POLICE ARC LIGHTS blast the tunnel. Police are
dialog: everywhere.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY CAR - NIGHT 85
text: The two bodies are right where they died. There is a
dialog: whole raft of cops, fingerprint specialists,
dialog: photographers, coroner, etc.
text: Mercer and Vitale arrive at the scene.
speaker_heading: VITALE
dialog: Jesus...
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON MERCER
text: He holds up a shell casing on the tip of a pencil as
text: Vitale walks over.
speaker_heading: MERCER
text: An automatic. Nine millimeter.
dialog: Like the other night.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 85
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 85
speaker_heading: VITALE
dialog: So?
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Check it against Brass-Catcher,
dialog: see if it matches.
text: He gives Vitale the casing, walks over to one of the
text: bodies, crouches down, looks at the tear the bullet made
text: in the guy's T-shirt, checks the angle and level of
dialog: entry.
text: Looks at the IPOD next to the GUY, the ALBUM COVER still
text: on the screen -- RADIOHEAD, looks at the dead guy's
text: clothes -- not a fit -- he turns the IPOD over, sees the
text: SERIAL NUMBER, bags it.
text: Vitale comes over.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Neither one robbed. Both have
text: cash in their pockets.
text: The CORONER and an assistant start to bag the body of the
text: man who died sitting up.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Hey, what're you doing?
speaker_heading: CORONER
dialog: (attitude)
text: Takin' him to the morgue.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: I'll tell you when you can take
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: CORONER
dialog: My shift is ending, as it is I'll
dialog: be lucky if I have time for both
dialog: bodies. So, how about you just
dialog: let me do my job?
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: (impatient)
dialog: How about you don't do anything
dialog: until I'm done?
speaker_heading: CORONER
dialog: How about, fuck you, asshole?
text: He starts to bag the body; Mercer's so shocked it takes
text: him a second to respond. Just as he starts for the guy,
text: Vitale puts an arm out.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 85
dialog: 86
dialog: 87
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 85
speaker_heading: VITALE
dialog: Not worth it, buddy.
dialog: (off the Coroner)
dialog: He's a roach. He'll outlast you
dialog: and everybody else.
text: Mercer calms himself.
scene_heading: EXT. BAR - NIGHT 86
text: Erica emerges, tense, nervous, from the bar. More lights
text: flash past her face, as TV trucks and news crews arrive.
text: She looks at the subway entrance, sees the gathering
text: crowd around it. She is pinioned for a moment, drawn to
text: the scene, yet repulsed by it.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY CAR - NIGHT 87
text: Mercer walks over to the knife on the ground, the trail
text: of blood across the floor.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: They both have priors?
speaker_heading: VITALE
text: A busload of them.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: That guy at Sandy's had priors,
dialog: and wasn't robbed.
speaker_heading: VITALE
dialog: That was domestic --
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Yeah -- I don't know, there's
dialog: something.
text: Walks around, thinking.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: None of the three were robbed --
dialog: all three had priors --
text: He walks over and sits where Erica sat.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Small guy. Sitting here. Two
text: punks come at him with a knife --
dialog: shoots the first one without even
text: getting out of his seat --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 87
dialog: 88
dialog: 89
speaker_heading: A90
dialog: 90
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 87
speaker_heading: VITALE
dialog: Go on.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: I don't know. Maybe some asshole
dialog: with a gun decided it's time to
dialog: take matters into his own hand,
dialog: time for a little street justice.
dialog: Kind of guy you wouldn't even
dialog: notice.
speaker_heading: VITALE
dialog: Damn -- if that's true --
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: He's getting better. Every bullet
dialog: hit home.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBWAY ENTRANCE - CONTINUOUS ACTION 88
text: The gathering crowd, local TV trucks arriving. Yellow
text: tape around the subway entrance. Police keeping the
text: crowds out...
text: And Erica, finally, turns and walks back towards the
dialog: scene. If anything or anyone is going to stop her, it
dialog: will be there.
dialog: Everything about her is different -- her walk, the hunch
text: of her shoulders, she's thin, pale -- both exposed and
text: protected, damaged and tough, a ghost and a new being all
text: wrapped up in one.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 89
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR ABOVE PLATFORM - NIGHT A90
text: Mercer follows Erica's path up the steps, onto the
text: nearest platform. He looks left and right. Two exits.
text: He heads for the nearest one.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBWAY ENTRANCE - NIGHT 90
text: Mercer emerging from the subway entrance. There's still
text: a CROWD, and some media. A couple of REPORTERS try to
text: ask him questions, he waves them off.
text: As he turns away, he sees a FACE he thinks he recognizes.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 90
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 90
text: They catch eyes for just a moment -- but it's enough to
text: make Erica turn, walk away.
speaker_heading: MERCER (0O.S.)
dialog: Hey. Hang on.
text: She stops. Panicked, suddenly. Tries to quell it, her
text: face turned away from him. She finally succeeds, and
text: turns to face him.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Don't I know you -- *
text: Her eyes, meeting his. Will this be the moment that
dialog: makes her stop?
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Don't think we've ever met.
text: On his face. Trying to place her. And she has to fill
text: in the silence.
speaker_heading: MERCER *
dialog: No, wait. I know you. What's *
dialog: your name? *
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Erica Bain. I -- ah -- do a radio
dialog: show.
text: He places her now. The hospital. *
speaker_heading: MERCER *
dialog: What are you doing here? *
dialog: She is stuck. But she covers well. *
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: If you'd consider -- being on the *
dialog: show -- *
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: We're not really ready to talk
dialog: to... the media...
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: I'm not that kind of media. My *
dialog: audience is...
dialog: (gestures with her
dialog: fingers)
dialog: tiny...
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 90
dialog: 91
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 90
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: I try to give a different slant...
dialog: stories... of the city. But look,
dialog: if you're not into it --
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: My life is not that interesting.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: The work you do is.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: No thanks.
text: She nods, turns away, walks through the crowd, and out of
dialog: sight.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MERCER'S OFFICE - DAY 91
text: Mercer at his desk. He is checking on his computer, and
text: we SEE the name ERICA BAIN. Stuff on her case comes up.
text: Vitale enters, reading the New York Post. He pours
dialog: himself coffee.
speaker_heading: VITALE
dialog: Any more shitheads die while we
dialog: were sleeping?
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Not that I know of.
speaker_heading: VITALE
dialog: Crappy coffee --
text: Mercer nods. There is a pile of messages on his desk,
text: most from REPORTERS. Vitale tosses the Post on the desk,
text: headline blaring: VIGILANTE???
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: (off newspaper)
dialog: How the hell did that get out
dialog: already?
speaker_heading: VITALE
dialog: Who knows? The coroner hates you,
dialog: all the technicians, and fucking
dialog: people, who knows?
text: Mercer shakes his head.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 91
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: Sometimes
dialog: 58.
dialog: 91
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: (then)
dialog: You ever listen to NKW?
speaker_heading: VITALE
dialog: (no clue)
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Remember that girl and her
dialog: boyfriend who got jacked in
dialog: Central Park a couple months ago?
speaker_heading: VITALE
dialog: Which one?
dialog: the guy is thick.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Anyway -- she has a radio show.
dialog: She showed up at the subway --
dialog: Guess who she wants to interview?
text: Mercer nods.
speaker_heading: VITALE
dialog: You?
speaker_heading: VITALE
dialog: Remember that Bernie Goetz
dialog: thing -- the guys said reporters
dialog: were calling in the middle of the
dialog: night. Reporters love this shit.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: (pause)
dialog: She's not a reporter.
speaker_heading: VITALE
dialog: What is she then, a DJ?
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: No. She's just... interesting.
speaker_heading: VITALE
dialog: Like those Fox news chicks with
dialog: the dyed blonde hair? Talk to
dialog: her -- give her my number --
text: Mercer picks up the IPOD from the night before, sealed in
text: a plastic bag.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 91
dialog: 92
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: I want everyone in the market that
text: night, on the subway, on the
text: street outside brought in.
text: Someone must have seen him.
speaker_heading: VITALE
dialog: I'm onto it --
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Check the registration on this.
dialog: See if you can trace it to the
dialog: owner.
scene_heading: INT. RECORDING STUDIO - CORRIDOR - LATER
text: Erica is walking back in from the kitchen area,
text: waiting for her.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: You've been avoiding me.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: No I haven't.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Yes. You've been avoiding the
dialog: full glare of my disapproval --
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Look, I tried to do my regular
dialog: show -- but it just wasn't in me.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: We don't normally do silence on
dialog: NKW. You managed a full two
dialog: minutes.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Yeah. Well. I recovered.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Recovery. That's what it was.
dialog: Either that or confessional
dialog: healing.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: I wouldn't call it that.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: What would you call it? Therapy
dialog: on air?
dialog: 59.
dialog: 91
dialog: 92
dialog: Carol is
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 92
dialog: 93
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 92
text: Erica clams up.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: I never imagined a radio show
dialog: could double as a psychiatrist's
dialog: couch. But...
text: Carol hands Erica a stack of emails -- Erica doesn't take
text: them, Carol puts them on her desk --
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: People are responding. I was
dialog: wrong.
text: She smiles, tensely.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: And I'm big enough to admit it.
dialog: Keep it up.
text: Carol leaves.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. RECORDING STUDIO - LATER 93
text: Erica is leaving the building. A blue SEDAN is parked at
dialog: the curb.
text: As Erica passes, Mercer jumps out, walks up to her.
text: She looks at him, quickly glances down at his gun, his
text: handcuffs. Looks around, instinctively wanting to run --
text: He puts on his jacket, covering the gun.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: You again.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Yeah. Me. Remember last night?
text: She stops dead. Almost waiting for him to cuff her.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: What about last night?
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: (uncomfortable)
dialog: Well, I knew who you were, I mean,
dialog: I recognized you. And I didn't
dialog: say anything and I should have.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 93
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 61.
text: She breathes again.
dialog: 93
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: I saw you in the hospital -- after
dialog: what happened to you and your
dialog: friend --
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: My friend?... yeah.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: I stopped by your room because I
dialog: recognized your name -- my wife
dialog: used to listen to your show -- and
dialog: that's why I stopped you at the
dialog: subway, and I wanted you to know
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: It was upsetting. You were --
dialog: gone. It's kind of strange to see
dialog: someone that... can't see you.
dialog: And now you're back.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Yes. Now I'm back.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Well. Not everyone makes it back.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: I know that.
text: He reads her upset. Deals with it well.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Yes. I know you know that. I
dialog: checked into your case.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: You did?
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Two of the best detectives in this
dialog: city are on it. We'll find them.
dialog: We always do.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: 93 CONTINUED: (2) 93
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Are the police always that
dialog: confident?
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Are you interviewing me?
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Eh...
text: She is stuck now. But some part of her is intrigued.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Trying...
text: He smiles. He assumes he can't get out of it.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: How long will it take?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 94 INT. CAFE - LATER 94
text: The strange emptiness of a cafe in mid-morning. A large
text: screen TV is on in the B.G. with the SOUND OFF.
text: Mercer and Erica sit at a table, across from each other.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Have you ever done an interview
dialog: before?
speaker_heading: MERCER
text: Not on this side of the table.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: It's pretty basic. I ask
dialog: questions, you decide if you want
dialog: to answer them.
text: He cracks a smile -- takes a sip of his coffee, looks at
text: her, waits while she ties her hair back with a band.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: It's not about me, it's about you.
dialog: So --
text: Turns her tape recorder on --
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: What do you look for when you
dialog: first get to a crime scene?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 94 CONTINUED:
dialog: 63.
dialog: 94
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Evidence.
text: She smiles. He is beyond laconic.
dialog: She hides
speaker_heading: BEAT.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Such as --
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Murder weapon, entry wound,
dialog: prints, carbon fragments, DNA
text: samples, position of the corpse.
dialog: It's amazing what a dead body can
dialog: tell you.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: So the dead do talk.
text: her emotion. But he notices.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Everybody talks. And almost
text: everybody lies. But a dead body
dialog: can't.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: But then the lies can tell you
dialog: things as well. People tell them
dialog: for a reason.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: So... those bodies last night? *
dialog: What are they telling you? *
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: You read the paper.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Should I believe what I read *
dialog: there? *
text: But Mercer's attention is drawn to the TV.
text: ON TV: Murrow, the MAN from the hospital, is getting out
dialog: of a car,
text: his arm around his frightened stepdaughter. He
text: tightens his hold on the girl as they head past a crowd
text: of reporters and into an APARTMENT building.
text: Erica watches Mercer, he shakes his head, disgusted.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Ever read about him? *
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 94
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 64.
dialog: (2) 94
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: (off TV)
dialog: Why do I know him?
speaker_heading: MERCER
text: He owns the parking out on
dialog: Roosevelt Island. But that's not *
dialog: all he does. *
speaker_heading: ERICA *
dialog: What else does he do? *
speaker_heading: MERCER *
dialog: Imports drugs, guns, people, *
dialog: whatever's in demand. I found
dialog: three guys that crossed him
text: superglued to a table, their
text: throats filled with expanding
dialog: cement. I had his wife almost
dialog: ready to testify, when she blew
text: her brains out. Gun in her hand.
dialog: Nothing adds up, except the
dialog: lawyers he hires. Now he's got
dialog: custody of his stepdaughter and
dialog: it's not for sentimental reasons. *
dialog: He knows she knows something and I *
dialog: don't want to think about what
dialog: he'll do to her. But maybe you
dialog: know his nicer side...
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: So why can't you nail him?
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Because I follow the law.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: And there's nothing you can do?
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Nothing that's legal.
text: He has said too much, and realizes it. He holds his hand
text: over the microphone.
dialog: She rolls
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: I didn’t say that.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: I didn't hear it.
text: back the tape. Hears her last question.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 94 CONTINUED:
dialog: 65.
dialog: (3) 94
speaker_heading: ERICA (V.O.)
dialog: (on tape)
dialog: And there's nothing you can do?
text: She presses record.
speaker_heading: BEAT.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: No. Nothing. No matter how bad I
dialog: feel about it. I asked for her to
dialog: be held as ward of court. But his
dialog: lawyers killed that one stone
dialog: dead.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: So there's a line you'd never
dialog: cross.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Me? Never. No matter how bad I
dialog: feel about it.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Have you ever shot anyone?
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Did your hands shake?
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: No. That's one of the benefits of
text: being on the right side. A
dialog: benefit --
dialog: (off the TV)
dialog: -- that that asshole and the
dialog: subway shooter don't have.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Do you really think they're the
dialog: same?
speaker_heading: MERCER
text: They both walked away from murder.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Let me ask you a question -- how
dialog: do you put it back together, after
dialog: what happened to you?
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: You don't put it together.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 94
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4) 94
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: I'm sorry. That came out wrong.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: No. It's a question. I suppose
dialog: you... become someone else...
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Who do you become?
speaker_heading: ERICA
text: A stranger.
text: He can read her emotion.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: You must have loved him very much.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: And that makes it harder.
dialog: Sometimes you wish you didn't...
text: He is talking about himself. He reaches for his absent
text: ring. She notices that.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: You're not married?
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: My ex-wife's having a baby with
dialog: another man. So I'd pretty much
dialog: say, yes. I'm not married.
text: They have both revealed a bit too much.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: So. More cop stuff, or are we
dialog: done?
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: I'm good.
text: She turns off the tape. And suddenly he seems almost
text: disappointed. He gestures for the check. She stops his
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: It's mine. I was interviewing
dialog: you, right?
text: He looks at her hand. He takes out his card.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 94
dialog: 95
speaker_heading: A96
dialog: 96
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (5) 94
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: If you ever need anything, on your
dialog: case. Call me. Any time.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: I have to warn you. I don't
dialog: sleep.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Me neither.
dialog: And he goes.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION - MERCER'S OFFICE - LATER 95
text: Mercer is at his desk working, on the telephone.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Erica Bain. Yeah, Central Park, a
dialog: month or so ago. Keep me posted,
dialog: would you?
text: We see on his desk -- ERICA'S CASE FILE -- a printout,
dialog: now -- cops' notes, time and date of the attack, evidence
dialog: list, pictures.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS (NEW YORK) - NIGHT A96
text: Erica walking, unable to sleep. She passes homeless men
text: sleeping on the pavement. A rundown SRO hotel where a
text: pimp talks to a young prostitute. She notices
text: everything, but doesn't stop.
scene_heading: EXT. CENTRAL PARK - STRANGERS GATE - NIGHT 96
text: Erica, still walking. She comes to the steps of the path
text: she and David took that night. She notices the sign by
text: the entrance, as if for the first time. "STRANGERS
dialog: GATE."
text: She can't bring herself to enter.
text: In the dark, blonde hair standing out against her dark
text: coat, she waits.
speaker_heading: ERICA (V.O.)
dialog: Have you ever shot anyone?
dialog: +e eH
dialog: 68.
scene_heading: 97 INT. RECORDING STUDIO - DAY
text: Erica in front of the mic, headphones on, darkened room.
text: HEAR through her HEADPHONES PRE-RECORDED bits.
speaker_heading: MERCER (V.O.)
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: ERICA (V.O.)
dialog: Did your hands shake?
scene_heading: 98 EXT. UPPER EAST SIDE CONDOMINIUM BLOCK - SAME TIME
text: Mercer, parked across from a gleaming glass and steel
dialog: entrance.
text: A doorman by the door. His CAR RADIO is ON.
speaker_heading: MERCER (V.O.)
dialog: (on radio)
dialog: No. That's one of the benefits of
text: being on the right side.
scene_heading: 99 INT. RECORDING STUDIO - LATER
text: Light turns to GREEN -- Erica leans in to the mic.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: (into mic)
dialog: That from a police detective
dialog: covering last night's subway
dialog: shooting...
scene_heading: 100 EXT. UPPER EAST SIDE CONDOMINIUM BLOCK - SAME TIME
text: Murrow, walking towards the doorman, holding his
text: stepdaughter's hand. She is dressed in a smart school
dialog: uniform.
speaker_heading: ERICA (V.O.)
dialog: (on radio)
dialog: like all good cops, he
dialog: believes in the law, in right and
dialog: wrong... the thin, fragile line
dialog: between them.....
text: Mercer watches them enter, as he listens to Erica.
speaker_heading: ERICA (V.O.)
dialog: and is probably wondering as I
dialog: speak...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 97
dialog: 98
dialog: *
dialog: 99
dialog: 100 *
dialog: 101
scene_heading: THE BRAVE ONE - Rev. 8/4/06 69.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT 101
text: Erica, walking the night off.
speaker_heading: ERICA (V.O.)
dialog: Why is somebody doing his job for
dialog: him?
text: She passes a car, by an underpass and hears a voice
text: coming from it.
speaker_heading: CUTLER
dialog: Hey --
text: She stops, turns. Sees a guy sitting in the car, who is
dialog: making the wrong presumption about her.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: CUTLER
dialog: What's up?
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Not much.
speaker_heading: CUTLER
dialog: So, what would fifty dollars do
dialog: for you?
text: Erica hesitates. Is about to walk on. Then sees a YOUNG
text: GIRL in the back seat.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Shouldn't she be at home?
speaker_heading: CUTLER
dialog: She got no home. Have you, honey?
text: The girl shakes her head. Tries a smile. Erica assesses
dialog: the situation.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: CUTLER
dialog: Get in.
text: He opens the door of the passenger seat. After a moment,
text: Erica gets in.
speaker_heading: A102
scene_heading: THE BRAVE ONE - Rev. 8/9/06
scene_heading: INT. CAR - NIGHT
text: Erica looks from the man to the young girl.
dialog: 70.
dialog: Thin, lost,
text: a street waif. There are hamburger and candy wrappings
text: all over the seat beside her. The sense in there is
text: incredibly sinister.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: What's your name, honey?
speaker_heading: CHLOE (YOUNG GIRL)
dialog: Chloe.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: So what's he got in mind, Chloe?
text: Chloe looks at her with eyes that have had
text: beaten out of them. Then the guy speaks.
speaker_heading: CUTLER
dialog: Little whore needs a mommy. You
dialog: mommy?
text: Erica slowly shakes her head. And he goes
text: fuelled rant.
speaker_heading: CUTLER
dialog: But you're a whore, right? I'm
dialog: collecting whores. Them suicide
dialog: bombers in Iraq get a bunch of
dialog: virgins when they go off. I'm
dialog: getting me a bunch of whores.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: You know, I think me and Chloe'll
dialog: take a walk.
dialog: the spark
dialog: into a drug-
text: She goes to open the door. Quick as a flash, the man
text: hits the door button.
speaker_heading: CUTLER
dialog: Nope. Cunts can't leave.
text: He snorts from a Baggie.
text: Erica takes a breath. Looks back at the girl. She can
text: now see bruises and cigarette burns on her arms. Chloe
text: speaks, drowsily.
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: Never get in the car...
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: How long have you been in it,
dialog: Chloe?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: A102
scene_heading: THE BRAVE ONE - Rev. 8/9/06 71.
speaker_heading: A102 CONTINUED: A102
speaker_heading: CHLOE *
dialog: Four or five days. Since Vegas.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: And you want to get out now?
speaker_heading: CHLOE *
dialog: Yes, please...
text: And he suddenly backhands her across the face.
speaker_heading: CUTLER
dialog: You giving me grief again?
text: And he stops. Erica has the gun to his temple.
speaker_heading: CUTLER
dialog: Oh my. Got a supercunt here.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Open the doors.
speaker_heading: CUTLER
dialog: If I don't?
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: I'll be the last cunt you ever
dialog: see.
text: Chloe giggles, drowsily. *
speaker_heading: CHLOE *
dialog: That's good...
text: He opens the doors.
speaker_heading: ERICA
text: Out of the car, Chloe -- *
speaker_heading: CHLOE *
dialog: Not until he pays me --
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Pay the girl.
text: He reaches for his pocket.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Easy...
text: He pulls some bills off a large roll.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Give her it all --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: THE BRAVE ONE - Rev. 8/9/06 72.
speaker_heading: A102 CONTINUED: (2) A102
text: With the gun to his head, he has no options. Hands her
text: the huge roll. Chloe giggles.
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: There you go, sicko --
text: Chloe leaves the car. Erica gets out of her door. Chloe
text: is unsteady on her legs. Erica holds her arm, leads her
text: away from the car.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: You got family there, Chloe? In
dialog: Las Vegas?
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: No. Went there from Albuquerque.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: You got enough money to get home?
text: And suddenly we hear the SCREECHING of TIRES. The car is
text: driving towards them, fast. Chloe ducks one way. Erica
text: stands, as the car dives straight towards her and SHOOTS.
text: ONCE, TWICE, THREE times.
text: The man's blood is spattered all over the windscreen and
text: the car slews sideways. Hits Chloe, who goes bouncing
text: over the roof. The car hits a metal post and comes to a
text: dead halt.
text: Erica runs over to Chloe. She is alive, but her leg is
dialog: broken.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: I'm sorry.
text: Chloe looks up at her, stunned, in shock, out of it, all
dialog: at once.
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: Where am I, huh? This is still
dialog: America?
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Your leg is broken.
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: And who the hell are you?
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: I'm nobody.
text: Chloe looks at Erica through stunned eyes, which slowly
text: close. Erica slaps her awake.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: A102
dialog: 102
scene_heading: THE BRAVE ONE - Rev. 8/9/06 73.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Stay awake, come on --
text: Chloe's eyes open once more. She raises a woozy hand and
text: softly slaps Erica back.
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: Hey, Nobody, let me sleep...
speaker_heading: ON ERICA
text: as the police SIRENS sound...
scene_heading: SAME SCENE - LATER
text: Chloe's sleeping face, on the ground. A hand slaps her
text: awake again. A policeman's hand. A light shines in her
text: eyes, as she wakes.
text: Police all over the scene. A crowd, gathered, looking.
text: Behind the crowd, in the shadows --
text: Erica. She knows the young girl is safe. As Chloe is
text: led towards an ambulance, she walks away.
scene_heading: EXT. ERICA'S APARTMENT BUILDING - LATER
text: Erica walking home, wired, tense.
text: She gets to the entrance. Josai is on the stoop, sitting
text: out the night heat.
speaker_heading: JOSAI
dialog: Are you walking out the heat?
text: Erica ascends the steps. As she does, Josai takes her
dialog: hands.
speaker_heading: JOSAI
dialog: Are you alright? Your hands are
text: cold as ice.
text: She looks at Erica's face -- Erica turns away.
speaker_heading: JOSAI
dialog: Your lipstick is smudged, Erica.
text: She reaches out to Erica's face. A spot of blood there,
text: from Chloe's hand.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: A102
dialog: 102
dialog: 102
dialog: 103
dialog: 104
dialog: 105
scene_heading: THE BRAVE ONE - Rev. 8/9/06
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: You never said my name before.
speaker_heading: JOSAI
dialog: Never needed to. I heard your
dialog: show. Right and wrong, huh?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION - DAY
text: A PRESS CONFERENCE is about to start. The CHIEF OF
text: DETECTIVES, and MERCER stand behind the podium.
text: REPORTERS and TV CREWS jostle for position. The Chief of
text: Detectives steps to the podium.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: Look, I've seen all the headlines,
dialog: I've heard the talk and I've
dialog: called this press-conference to
dialog: state that this is not back to the
dialog: bad old eighties, Bernie Goetz,
dialog: whatever.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 73A/74.
dialog: 102
dialog: 103
dialog: 104
dialog: 105
dialog: 105
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: CHIEF (CONT'D)
dialog: We want to stop this feeding
dialog: frenzy and brief you, as far as we
dialog: can, with what we know. Detective
dialog: Sean Mercer is the lead detective
dialog: on this case.
text: He steps away, Mercer moves to the podium.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Ballistic tests have linked the
dialog: shooting last night to both the
dialog: shooting in the market and the
text: shooting on the subway.
text: And the feeding frenzy begins, in an AD-LIB flurry of
dialog: questions:
dialog: "How was that determined?" "What evidence?"
dialog: "Linked by what?"
text: Mercer points to the first PERSON he sees.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: Was the same gun used in all three
dialog: shootings?
text: We see before Mercer, ERICA, in the back of the crowd,
dialog: listening.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: That seems to be the case.
scene_heading: STAY ON ERICA --
speaker_heading: ON ERICA,
speaker_heading: ANOTHER REPORTER
dialog: Is it confirmed that the vigilante
dialog: saved the girl's life?
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: We don't know that her life was in
dialog: danger. And if you're implying
dialog: that the crime was somehow
dialog: justified, I'll remind you that we
dialog: have a legal system.
dialog: listening.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: We are treating this as we would
dialog: any murder case and so should you.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 105
dialog: 105
dialog: 106
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 105
speaker_heading: FAT REPORTER
dialog: Sources are saying the witness can
dialog: provide a description of the
dialog: vigilante, but has refused to
dialog: talk.
text: Erica catches Mercer's eye. He acknowledges her with the
text: briefest of nods.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Sorry, what?
speaker_heading: FAT REPORTER
dialog: Has the witness refused to provide
dialog: a description --
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: (quick)
text: The witness is awake and coherent
dialog: and we'll be interviewing her
dialog: soon -- Chief --
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: That's all the information we are
dialog: prepared to release at this time.
scene_heading: INT. PRESS CONFERENCE ROOM - HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS 106
speaker_heading: ACTION
text: Erica, walking away from the station.
text: Mercer's hand takes her elbow from behind.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Hey --
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: You handled that well.
text: Mercer looks at her hard.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Is this guy an obsession with you?
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: No. My interest is in you.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Why me?
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Because. You seem like a good
dialog: man. A good cop.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 106
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 106
text: He is touched, despite himself.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Nobody's doing my job for me.
text: A telling moment.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: So... you heard my show?
text: He gestures back towards the building.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Every piece of shit reporter in
dialog: that press conference will
dialog: sensationalize this thing. Not
dialog: you. You're better than that.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: How can you tell?
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Your show. My wife didn't listen
dialog: to it. I did.
text: Erica smiles. He looks kind of sheepish.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: You don't really fit our audience
dialog: profile.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: I know. You don't fit your voice
dialog: either.
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: No?
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: You're at least a hundred pounds
dialog: lighter -- and a whole lot
dialog: cuter --
text: He makes her smile.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: How is the girl?
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Pretty banged up. We'll know
dialog: tomorrow.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: I hope she's alright.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 106
dialog: 107
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 106
text: And she turns suddenly and goes.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. RECORDING STUDIO - BUILDING LOBBY - DAY 107
text: Erica, in the crowded elevator. As the doors are about
text: to close, Carol slips in.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Hi.
text: Erica nods, smiles. As the elevator rises, one guy is
text: reading the New York Post, another the New York Times.
speaker_heading: MAN #1
dialog: You see those pictures of the
dialog: subway thing?
speaker_heading: MAN #3
dialog: Gross --
speaker_heading: MAN #1
dialog: He shot another last night --
speaker_heading: MAN #2
dialog: Some scumbag pimp --
speaker_heading: MAN #3
dialog: Who'll he go for next? Donald
dialog: Trump?
speaker_heading: MAN #1
dialog: That's incitement --
speaker_heading: MAN #2
dialog: Justified --
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MAN #3
dialog: Wish he'd take care of my ex --
text: ANOTHER WOMAN gets annoyed.
speaker_heading: WOMAN #1
dialog: You think that's funny? Suppose
dialog: you think lethal injection is
dialog: funny too?
speaker_heading: MAN #3
dialog: Funny like strange or funny haha?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: 107 CONTINUED: 107
speaker_heading: WOMAN #1
dialog: You're sick, you know that?
dialog: You're all sick.
text: The doors open and they walk out, arguing.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: I've been thinking about opening
dialog: up your show. I want you to take
dialog: phone-ins.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: On what?
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: You heard them.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: On those shootings? The...
dialog: vigilante thing? You really think
dialog: that's appropriate?
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Me???
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: You're perfect for it.
text: Erica takes a breath.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: And just how am I prefect for it?
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: You're a survivor.
text: She smiles brightly at her.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: I'm not asking you to personalize
dialog: it --
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Aren't you?
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: -- more than you already have --
scene_heading: 108 INT. RECORDING STUDIO - CLOSE ON ERICA - DAY 108
text: The DARKENED ROOM, THE GREEN LIGHT.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 108
scene_heading: THE BRAVE ONE - Rev. 8/4/06 80.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 108
speaker_heading: SILENCE --
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: 'The essential American soul is *
dialog: hard, isolated, stoic, anda *
dialog: killer. It has never yet melted.' *
text: She takes a breath. Takes a drink. Then proceeds,
text: though she doesn't want to.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: I quote that from D.H. Lawrence, *
dialog: because someone is playing God out
dialog: there, killing in the name of *
dialog: justice, in this, the safest city
dialog: in the world...
text: She looks up at the glass booth, sees Carol there...
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: And because I have been asked
dialog: today to do something we've never
dialog: done before -- take calls from our
dialog: listeners on the subject --
text: She nods to the sound engineer.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: This is a new departure for us,
dialog: but we want to hear from you, so
dialog: call 212-165-9990. *
text: But Erica's board is already LIGHTING UP -- She HITS a
text: button, takes the first call.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Hi, go on --
speaker_heading: CALLER #1 (V.O.)
dialog: As far as I'm concerned he's doing
dialog: us a favor.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: CALLER #1 (V.O.)
dialog: Because no matter what the media
dialog: tells us, crimes are being
text: committed. He's cleaning it up.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: And... you think he has the right
dialog: to do that?
speaker_heading: A109
dialog: 109
speaker_heading: A110
dialog: 81.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAFFIC JAM - DAY A109
text: Cars, stuck in traffic. The CAMERA TRACKS PAST a kid
text: listening to hip-hop, TO an older man in the car behind,
text: listening to her show.
speaker_heading: CALLER #2 (V.O.)
dialog: You're talking about murder. The
dialog: death penalty without a trial.
dialog: The vigilante is just like the
dialog: people he's killing -- and he
dialog: should be in jail --
speaker_heading: ERICA (V.O.)
dialog: Maybe he will be --
text: CAMERA KEEPS TRACKING, FINDS a yuppiesh woman, also
dialog: listening.
speaker_heading: CALLER #3 (V.O.)
dialog: I think it's less about what he's
dialog: doing than how it makes us feel.
dialog: I mean, there is not a person I
dialog: know who doesn't get some jolt of
dialog: pleasure when they hear about a
dialog: vigilante.
speaker_heading: ERICA (V.O.)
dialog: Pleasure?
text: And the CAMERA KEEPS TRACKING, PAST a taxi driver
text: talking on his phone in Russian, TO two college kids,
text: also listening to her show...
speaker_heading: CALLER #3 (V.O.)
dialog: Yeah, revenge makes people feel
dialog: good -- I mean, that's why we have
dialog: war --
text: The CAMERA KEEPS TRACKING, FINDS Mercer, stuck in the
text: same jam, also listening. Another caller on the line
dialog: now --
speaker_heading: CALLER #4 (V.O.)
dialog: I think it's good for New York.
dialog: This city was turning into
dialog: Disneyland, at least we're getting
dialog: our street cred back --
speaker_heading: OMITTED 109
scene_heading: INT. GALLERY - DAY A110
text: Nicole in the corner of the gallery, doing paperwork,
text: also listening to her show.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: A110
dialog: 110
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: A sincere, upset woman on the line now.
speaker_heading: CALLER #5 (V.O.)
dialog: What is wrong with our society,
dialog: that this kind of thing can even
dialog: get on radio? Revenge, murder,
dialog: vigilante killings? Hasn’t the
dialog: whole Iraqi debacle taught us
dialog: anything? Waste the bad guys,
dialog: bring 'em on, I mean I've been a
dialog: fan of yours and I can't even
dialog: believe you're having this
dialog: conversation...
speaker_heading: ERICA (V.O.)
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Neither can I...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. RECORDING STUDIO - ON ERICA - CONTINUOUS ACTION
dialog: Into another call --
speaker_heading: CALLER #6 (V.O.)
dialog: I wonder if the vigilante has a
dialog: girlfriend. Because there is
dialog: something really sexy about some
dialog: guy, you know, taking care of
dialog: business --
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Sexy?
speaker_heading: CALLER #6 (V.O.)
dialog: Yeah. Completely. And if he's
dialog: listening, he can call me. My
dialog: number is --
text: Erica ends the call. Looks at the BLINKING lights, takes
dialog: another call.
speaker_heading: CALLER #7 (V.O.)
dialog: (male)
dialog: Hey -- this is the vigilante
dialog: calling, I am the man takes care
dialog: of business -- and that chick can
dialog: have my number anytime -- 212-
dialog: 654...
text: And finally Erica can't take it anymore. Stands, walks
text: out of the room.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: A110
dialog: 110
dialog: 110
dialog: 111
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ON CAROL
text: Who begins to stride rapidly towards her.
scene_heading: INT. RECORDING STUDIO - CORRIDOR
text: Erica trying to make it out of the building.
text: catches her arm.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Just what are you doing?
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: You want someone to do that shit,
dialog: call Howard Stern.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: You're a personality now, Erica,
dialog: whether you like it or not. You
dialog: will not lose that audience for
dialog: us --
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: That's not an audience, that's a
dialog: psychosis. I've enough of that to
dialog: deal with myself.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: You want someone to talk you
dialog: through it? I can get someone --
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: On air?
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Actually that's not a bad idea --
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: I could probably manage a full-
dialog: blown breakdown. Just give me
dialog: some notice --
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: You don't get it, do you? Your
dialog: psychotherapy on air, your FM
dialog: confessional or whatever the fuck
dialog: you want to call it has gotten you
dialog: more exposure than you've ever
dialog: had.
dialog: 83.
dialog: 110
dialog: 111
dialog: Carol
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 111
dialog: 112
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 111
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: I could do beauty tips for assault
dialog: victims. One on ones with serial
dialog: killers.
text: Her ice cold fury stops Carol in her tracks.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: You're being facetious.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: No, Carol, I am fucked up. I'm
text: one of the walking wounded. So
dialog: maybe you were right. It wasn't
dialog: time. I should never have come
dialog: back --
text: And she walks out.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION - DAY 112
text: The same police station Erica first called. She enters,
text: looks at the police business filling the lobby area.
text: Walks in deliberately, up to the cop on the desk.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: I want to talk about... a homicide
dialog: case.
speaker_heading: DESK COP
dialog: Name?
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Erica Bain.
text: He hits a few buttons on his computer.
speaker_heading: DESK COP
dialog: She was the victim?
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: No. She wasn't the victim. She
dialog: was the... she is the...
dialog: And for a moment we think she might be about to turn
dialog: herself in.
speaker_heading: DESK COP
dialog: No Erica Bain under homicide,
dialog: Ma'am.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 112
dialog: 113
dialog: 114
dialog: 115
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 112
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: No? Well. Maybe there should
dialog: be --
speaker_heading: DESK COP
dialog: Pardon me?
text: He looks up, puzzled, but she is already heading for the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 113
scene_heading: EXT. CENTRAL PARK - STRANGERS GATE - NIGHT 114
text: Erica by the Strangers Gate entrance. The steps seem to
dialog: mock her.
speaker_heading: ERICA (V.O.)
dialog: Because I could not stop for
dialog: Death. He kindly stopped for me.
text: She can't go up there. She turns away, walks quickly on.
speaker_heading: ERICA (V.O.)
text: The carriage held but just
dialog: ourselves. And immortality.
scene_heading: ACROSS THE ROAD
text: Beyond the stream of traffic, we see Nicole, trying to
dialog: get her attention.
speaker_heading: NICOLE
dialog: Erica --
speaker_heading: NICOLE'S POV
text: Erica, unaware of her, lost among the cars.
scene_heading: INT. ROOSEVELT ISLAND - PARKING LOT - LATER 115
text: Erica is sitting inside the glass and steel dome of the
text: ground floor of a parking lot, which looks out on the
text: river. Next to her is a copy of the New York Post, in
text: the box a picture of Murrow, the stepfather, and his
text: daughter. She hits a button on her mobile and listens to
text: the RINGING TONE.
dialog: 86.
scene_heading: 116 INT. MERCER'S APARTMENT - SAME TIME 116
text: Mercer's CELL PHONE is ECHOING in the near-empty
text: apartment. He picks it up.
scene_heading: 117 INT. PARKING LOT - SAME TIME 117
speaker_heading: MERCER (V.O.)
dialog: Hello.
text: Recognizes her voice right away.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: It's Erica --
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: 118 INT. MERCER'S APARTMENT 118
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: I know. Is everything okay?
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: I just wanted to talk -- and for
dialog: some reason you seem to make the
dialog: most sense.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Okay.
text: It's quiet -- connection in their silence.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: What?
text: She shakes her head, as if he can see her.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: What do you do when you can't
dialog: sleep?
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Isn't that hard? Can you stop
dialog: thinking about stuff?
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: No. I'm used to it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 118
speaker_heading: A119
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 118
text: Erica looks up, out at the dark river walkway, the
text: looming rusted structure of a Bridge above it. A man is
text: walking along the river walk, towards the parking lot.
text: We recognize him. MURROW, the stepfather.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Erica --
text: Doesn't say anything, just listens to his voice.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: What's going on?
dialog: (quiet)
dialog: Talk to me.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Did you sleep better when your
dialog: wife was next to you?
text: Silence. He shakes his head --
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: I did. I could never feel my body
dialog: unless he was wrapped around me.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: My wife used to flip. I'd call
dialog: her the mackerel. But waking
dialog: beside someone like that is not...
dialog: the worst...
text: Below, Murrow walks towards the elevator. He presses the
text: button, and the elevator responds with a loud "PING"
dialog: sound.
scene_heading: INT. MERCER'S APARTMENT - SAME TIME Al19
text: Mercer hears the "PING" sound.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: (half-kidding)
dialog: You want me to stay on the phone
dialog: until you fall asleep?
text: She shakes her head.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: You've been good to me. Good
dialog: night.
text: She closes the cell phone. She walks to the elevator, on
text: her level. Presses the button. It PINGS again. And as
text: it ascends towards her, it PINGS at each floor. Then the
text: doors open. And there he is. She enters, without giving
text: him a glance.
dialog: 119
dialog: 120
dialog: 88.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR - NIGHT 119
text: Murrow stares at the elevator dial, which makes the same
text: PINGING sound as it hits every floor. He glances briefly
text: at Erica. Then his CELL PHONE RINGS.
speaker_heading: MURROW
dialog: Yeah -- how late? Look, you told
dialog: me it would be there, so it better
dialog: be there.
text: He closes his cell phone. Erica glances down at his
dialog: feet.
text: HIS SHOES -- immaculately polished, hand tailored.
text: The elevator doors open, at the top floor.
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT ROOF - NIGHT 120
text: The rusting bridge, gleaming over the water, old
text: factories across the way. A few cars still parked on the
text: open rooftop. Murrow walks out of the elevator. After a
text: beat, Erica follows.
text: As Murrow reaches his car door, she speaks, from behind
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Why do you think you can hurt
dialog: people?
speaker_heading: MURROW
dialog: What?
text: He turns.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Can you do damage and just walk
dialog: away? Do you know what you leave
dialog: behind?
text: She looks quite crazy from Murrow's point of view. He
text: turns away.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Hey -- I'm asking you --
speaker_heading: MURROW
dialog: (irritated)
dialog: Do I know you?
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Do you think about it?
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 120
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 120
speaker_heading: ERICA (CONT'D)
dialog: Does it keep you awake at night --
dialog: does it haunt you?
speaker_heading: MURROW
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: It haunts me --
speaker_heading: MURROW
dialog: You one of those press, paparazzo
dialog: freaks?
text: She has her hand beneath her jacket, about to take out
text: her gun. He takes a crowbar from the car and suddenly
text: turns on her.
speaker_heading: MURROW
dialog: You got a camera there, huh?
dialog: Yeah, well I have something for
dialog: you.
text: He lunges at her with the crowbar. Erica brings her hand
text: up to protect her face. The crowbar slices through her
text: jacket, opening her skin. She staggers backwards.
speaker_heading: MURROW
dialog: Take my fucking picture? Come to
dialog: my place, take my picture?
text: He brings the crowbar down towards her again. She twists
text: her body, to avoid it and finds herself face-to-face with
text: him. She suddenly slams her forehead into the bridge of
text: his nose.
text: He staggers back, dropping the crowbar, his nose
text: exploding with blood.
speaker_heading: MURROW
dialog: What the fuck -- are you a cop?
text: Erica bends down to pick up the crowbar.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: You wish...
speaker_heading: ON HIS FACE
text: As she swings down the crowbar --
dialog: 121
dialog: 90.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOSEVELT ISLAND - BASE OF CAR PARK - NIGHT 121
text: Mercer, staring stunned at something on the ground.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Jesus H Christ --
speaker_heading: HIS POV
text: The body of Murrow, fallen from the car park above. His
text: body is wrecked, a bloody crowbar part of the wreckage.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Uniforms around. Vitale with them.
speaker_heading: VITALE
dialog: Fell from up there.
text: Mercer follows his gaze, to the top of the apartment lot.
speaker_heading: VITALE
dialog: Cause of death, maybe the fall,
dialog: maybe the crowbar stuck in his
dialog: skull. I'd say fifty-fifty, *
dialog: either one.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Shit.
text: Off the body, the blood, the guy's head smashed in.
speaker_heading: VITALE
dialog: I mean, how many people wanted
dialog: this prick dead? Besides me?
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Too many. But he knew them all.
dialog: He'd never have let them near him.
text: He looks up at the parapet again, down at the body, at
text: the bloodied crowbar. He reaches a gloved hand out and
text: touches the corpse.
speaker_heading: VITALE *
dialog: So someone did us a favor, huh? *
dialog: Maybe we should put them on the *
dialog: payroll... *
speaker_heading: MERCER *
dialog: You mean someone out there, thinks *
dialog: he's doing our job for us? *
dialog: Sending us a message? Here's how *
dialog: it's done? *
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: 121 CONTINUED: 121
speaker_heading: VITALE
dialog: You think maybe he's right?
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: No. You don’t either.
text: The press circus is arriving, in the b.g.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: You deal with them. I wanna check
dialog: the roof.
text: Mercer stands. He has a terrible feeling about this.
scene_heading: A122 INT. PARKING LOT A122
text: Mercer, by the elevator. He hits the button, to take him
text: upstairs. And the button sounds -- "PING."
text: He registers it. He has heard that somewhere before.
speaker_heading: ON HIS FACE
text: As the elevator makes the SOUND ONCE MORE.
speaker_heading: 122 OMITTED 122
scene_heading: 123 INT. STAIRS OUTSIDE ERICA'S APARTMENT - LATER 123
text: Erica outside her door, trying to work the keys with her
text: good arm. As she finally gets the door open, Josai comes
text: down from upstairs.
speaker_heading: JOSAI
dialog: Erica? Are you okay?
scene_heading: 124 INT. ERICA'S APARTMENT - CONTINUOUS ACTION 124
text: The door opens and Erica collapses on the floor.
text: As Josai pushes through from outside, Erica tries to stop
text: the door with her foot.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Get out --
speaker_heading: JOSAI
dialog: My god --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 124
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 124
text: She sees Erica on the ground, her shirt covered in blood.
text: Erica screams.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Get away --
speaker_heading: JOSAI
dialog: No. I won't get away.
text: She tries to lift Erica off the floor.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Don't touch me -- I'm sick --
text: Erica's too weak to resist her. As Josai drags her to
text: the table, the gun falls on the floor.
speaker_heading: JOSAI
dialog: I can see that --
text: And finally Erica cracks. Shudders of weeping go through
text: her, as Josai holds her, trying to calm her.
speaker_heading: JOSAI
dialog: Hush now. Hush.
text: As the shuddering subsides --
speaker_heading: JOSAI
dialog: We have to get you to a hospital.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: JOSAI
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Because I can't.
speaker_heading: JOSAI
dialog: What kind of trouble are you in?
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: You don't want to know.
dialog: Josai lets this sit.
speaker_heading: JOSAI
dialog: Okay then. Take your coat off --
text: Erica allows Josai to remove her coat.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 124
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 124
speaker_heading: JOSAI
dialog: And your shirt.
text: Josai looks at her bloodied arm.
speaker_heading: JOSAI
dialog: Sit still a minute.
text: She goes to the bathroom, brings back alcohol, bandages,
dialog: tape.
text: Erica winces as Josai applies alcohol to the wound.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: (off Josai's
dialog: steady hand)
dialog: Were you a nurse?
speaker_heading: JOSAI
dialog: When I had to be.
text: She threads the needle, plunges it through Erica's skin,
text: quickly, efficiently.
text: Erica slumps into a chair from the pain. Josai cuts the
text: thread with her teeth.
speaker_heading: JOSAI
dialog: This is going to leave a scar.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: I killed a man tonight.
speaker_heading: JOSAI
dialog: Because he did this to you?
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: No. I would have killed him
dialog: anyway.
text: Josai looks at the gun on the floor.
speaker_heading: JOSAI
dialog: Back home -- they gave young boys
dialog: guns, made them kill their
dialog: parents. Just to show us. Anyone
dialog: can cross that line. Anyone can
dialog: be a killer. Anyone can have
dialog: those dead eyes. And each death
text: leaves a hole, waiting to be
dialog: filled.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: How -- how do you fill it?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 124
dialog: 125
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 124
speaker_heading: JOSAI
dialog: That depends on you.
text: She looks back down at the gun, lying on the floor, like
text: a question mark.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. POLICE STATION - MORNING 125
text: Mercer, trailed by Vitale, walks through.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Did the coroner get his liver
dialog: temperature?
speaker_heading: VITALE
dialog: Dead about two hours when we got
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: That puts it at --
speaker_heading: VITALE
dialog: 2 A.M. Give or take --
speaker_heading: ON MERCER
text: It is all adding up to something he doesn't want to
text: contemplate.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: I want everyone from the market
dialog: killing, the subway brought in
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: VITALE
dialog: We've done all that.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: We got to do it again. We need to
dialog: think outside the box here.
speaker_heading: VITALE
dialog: Nailed him with that crowbar,
dialog: hefted him over that rail, we're
dialog: not talking about a little guy
dialog: anymore --
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Maybe not.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 125
dialog: 126
speaker_heading: A127
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 125
text: He keeps his suspicions to himself.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: What about that IPOD? You said
dialog: you traced it to a kid?
speaker_heading: VITALE
dialog: His father's a lawyer, asked for a
dialog: subpoena. I'm onto it.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Whatever you have to do, just get
dialog: him in here --
scene_heading: INT. CAR (OUTSIDE POLICE STATION) - DAY 126
text: Mercer in his car. He scrolls down the numbers in his
dialog: cell phone to find Erica's.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: (when she answers)
dialog: Just wanted to know how you slept.
speaker_heading: ERICA (V.O.)
dialog: Pretty well.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Look -- you want to see what I do?
dialog: Meet me outside Woodhull Hospital.
dialog: You'll get some idea --
scene_heading: EXT. UNIVERSITY SQUARE - DAY Al27
text: Ethan, the IPOD student from the subway train, smokes a
text: joint with some friends. Vitale, watching him from his
text: car. He gets out, closes the door, walks towards the
text: bench on which they are sitting.
text: Ethan, seeing him coming, quenches the joint. Flicks it
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: VITALE
dialog: Ethan Grant --
text: He displays his badge. He eyeballs the other kids, and
text: they scatter.
speaker_heading: VITALE
dialog: We need to talk some more --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: A127
dialog: 127
dialog: thru
dialog: 131
dialog: 132
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: A127
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: I told you, my dad said not to get
dialog: involved --
text: Vitale bends down, takes the quenched joint from the
dialog: grass.
speaker_heading: VITALE
dialog: Does your dad know how much dope
dialog: you smoke? That's more than a
dialog: misdemeanor these days --
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: I saw nothing --
speaker_heading: VITALE
dialog: I think you did.
text: He sniffs the joint.
speaker_heading: VITALE
dialog: You sell this shit?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: NO --
speaker_heading: VITALE
dialog: I believe you. Maybe a judge
dialog: won't.
text: He grabs him by the arm.
speaker_heading: VITALE
dialog: Come on --
speaker_heading: OMITTED 127
dialog: thru
dialog: 131
scene_heading: EXT. WOODHULL HOSPITAL - DAY 132
text: Erica, walking towards the hospital entrance. She wears
text: a jacket to cover her damaged arm, in spite of the heat,
text: which makes her stand out among the passersby. She sees
text: Mercer's car and slows her approach.
text: Mercer, looking at Erica through his rearview mirror. He
text: gets out.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Nice jacket.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 132
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 132
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Thought it might rain --
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: So, what time did you get to
dialog: sleep?
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Oh. Soon after we hung up.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: One-thirty? Two?
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Something like that.
text: He looks at her long enough to make her feel
dialog: uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Me, I didn't sleep at all.
dialog: (takes her arm)
dialog: Now, all of this is off the
dialog: record, okay?
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Okay... If I knew what it was.
speaker_heading: MERCER
text: Witness to a shooting.
text: She stops a moment. Covers her alarm.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Isn't this against procedure?
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Yes.
text: He waits for her response. There is none.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: I've seen her twice. Seems scared
dialog: to talk. Same old story. Maybe
dialog: she'll talk if you're there.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Why me?
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: You got me to talk.
text: She has no choice, which is exactly how he wants it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 133
dialog: 134
scene_heading: THE BRAVE ONE - Rev. 8/9/06 98.
scene_heading: INT. WOODHULL - CORRIDOR - DAY
text: Erica and Mercer head down a hallway toward a UNIFORMED
text: COP who sits in a chair in front of a room.
scene_heading: INT. WOODHULL - HOSPITAL ROOM - DAY
text: Chloe there, her leg in a cast. She's medicated, an IV
text: hangs from a stand next to the bed.
text: Mercer stands next to the bed, Erica just behind him.
text: Chloe opens her eyes. It takes only a second for her
text: glazed eyes to lock onto Erica.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: How you doing today?
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: Alright...
text: She looks at Erica. Back at Mercer.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: So maybe you can talk now? Tell
dialog: me what you remember.
text: A slight smile plays around her lips.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: You gonna tell us what you saw
dialog: that night?
text: Chloe raises her finger and points at Erica. It's like
text: being in the sights of a gun. Mercer looks from Chloe to
dialog: Erica.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Are you trying to say something?
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: That's --
text: On her hand, still pointing.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: That's a pretty necklace.
text: Erica takes it from her neck and places it in her hand.
text: Wraps her own hand around Chloe's.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 133
dialog: 134
dialog: 134
dialog: 135
scene_heading: THE BRAVE ONE - Rev. 8/9/06 99.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 134
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: You should tell him, you know.
dialog: Whatever you saw.
text: Chloe looks from Erica to Mercer.
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: I saw one of those... guardian
dialog: angels. Like in the bible.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: You did, huh?
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: Yeah. They save you... Bring you
dialog: to a better place...
text: She turns away to the wall, shutting them both off.
scene_heading: INT. WOODHULL - HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS ACTION 135
text: Mercer walking back with Erica, glancing at her, casual
dialog: and intense.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Did that upset you?
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Of course.
text: She walks in silence for a moment.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: I wasn't much help there, was I?
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Depends on what you mean by help.
text: She stops. Is this a direct accusation? Then he covers
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: You... gave her your necklace.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: It meant a lot to me.
text: Erica gives a tense smile, walks on.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Erica?
text: She turns.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 135
dialog: 136
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 135
speaker_heading: MERCER *
dialog: Why did you call me last night? *
speaker_heading: ERICA *
dialog: I told you. I couldn't sleep. *
speaker_heading: MERCER *
dialog: So you were in bed, right? *
speaker_heading: ERIC *
dialog: That's where I sleep. *
text: Mercer watches her walk away -- her body, the way she
text: moves, tries to imagine her, this woman he can't get out
dialog: of his head, killing someone...
scene_heading: INT. MERCER'S OFFICE - DAY 136
text: ETHAN, a little nervous, is sitting across from Mercer.
text: Vitale leans against a filing cabinet.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Now, tell us again, why didn't you
dialog: come in before?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: For what? To get back my iPod?
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Watch it.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: I had mixed feelings. I mean, I
dialog: was kind of glad those guys got
dialog: killed.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: You were glad?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Yeah. I know I shouldn't be, but
dialog: I was.
speaker_heading: VITALE
dialog: Just give us your statement.
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Look, I didn’t see any vigilante. *
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 136
speaker_heading: A137
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ETHAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Those guys smacked me around,
dialog: grabbed my iPod, hassled some
text: black guy sitting beside his kid
dialog: and we all got off. Except for
text: some woman at the back.
text: And Mercer is on it, like a bloodhound.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: A woman? What woman --
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: Just a woman. She was staying
text: well away from it. Maybe the vigi
text: guy got on at the next stop.
speaker_heading: ON MERCER
text: Again, it is all adding up to one thing. He tries to
text: keep his feelings hidden from Vitale, who stares at him,
dialog: puzzled.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Can you describe this woman enough
dialog: to do a sketch?
speaker_heading: ETHAN
dialog: I can try.
scene_heading: OUTSIDE A WINDOW
text: Mercer and Vitale watch as Ethan sits with a sketch
dialog: artist.
speaker_heading: VITALE
dialog: Where are you going with this
dialog: woman thing?
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: VITALE
dialog: I mean women kill their
dialog: boyfriends, their kids, shit they
dialog: love, they don't do this.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: They don't.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY CAR - DAY
text: Erica, traveling home in the subway.
dialog: 136
speaker_heading: A137
dialog: *
speaker_heading: te HOF
speaker_heading: te HOF *
dialog: *
dialog: 137
dialog: 138
dialog: 139
dialog: 140
dialog: thru
dialog: 144
speaker_heading: A145
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 137 *
dialog: &
dialog: 138
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION - CONFERENCE ROOM - SAME TIME 139
text: A generic picture on the computer, awaiting detail --
speaker_heading: SKETCH ARTIST
dialog: Think about the first moment you
dialog: saw her -- where you were, where
dialog: she was -- tell me anything that
text: comes to mind.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 140
dialog: thru
dialog: 144
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY CAR - DAY Al45
text: Erica, lost in a dream, as a station flashes by.
speaker_heading: ETHAN (V.O.)
dialog: She had light hair. I think. *
dialog: Okay lips. *
scene_heading: CLOSE ON ERICA'S PROFILE
text: against the dark tunnel.
speaker_heading: ETHAN (V.O.)
dialog: She was skinny. But she had some *
dialog: ass. You could tell. *
text: Erica's hands, crossed on her lap. They don't seem the
text: hands of a killer.
speaker_heading: ETHAN (V.O.)
text: Good skin. Pale, but smooth.
dialog: Good breasts.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE - ON ERICA
text: as the CAMERA TACKS INTO her face.
speaker_heading: ETHAN (V.O.)
dialog: They were little, like Kate Moss, *
dialog: but they looked good without a *
dialog: bra. *
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: A145
dialog: 145
dialog: 146
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: A145
speaker_heading: CLOSER ON ERICA
text: Her eyes are closed.
speaker_heading: ETHAN (V.O.)
dialog: You know what I remember?
text: Erica opens her eyes. Looking directly AT the CAMERA.
speaker_heading: ETHAN (V.O.)
dialog: She was like on lockdown. Shut
dialog: off. Kind of scary.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ERICA'S APARTMENT HALLWAY - DAY 145
text: Erica, returning from the hospital. There is a box
text: propped against the door. Erica picks it up, checks to
dialog: see where it is from -- UPS.
scene_heading: INT. ERICA'S APARTMENT - CONTINUOUS ACTION - DAY 146
text: She looks long and hard at the box -- wondering if she
dialog: has the strength to open it.
text: Finally, she unwraps it, takes the top off, carefully
text: pushes aside the beautiful tissue paper, inside are the
text: ORANGE and VANILLA WEDDING INVITATIONS.
scene_heading: INSERT - WEDDING INVITATION
dialog: "Erica and David invite you to join in their celebration
dialog: of each other and their life together."
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: As she sits there, a pair of hands touch her shoulders.
text: David's. It's her wish, her fantasy, but real to her.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: You left a hole, waiting to be
dialog: filled.
scene_heading: IN A MIRROR - HER FACE
text: She sees his face, behind hers.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 146
dialog: 147
dialog: 148
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 146
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: But I'm done now. Do you hear me?
text: She reaches up to touch his hand. There is nothing
text: there. She looks back in the mirror. Sees her own
text: ravaged face.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: I'm done now.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: OMITTED 147
scene_heading: INT. MERCER'S OFFICE - DAY 148
text: Mercer is looking at the computer sketch printout,
dialog: frowning.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: That could be anybody --
speaker_heading: ON SKETCH
text: It looks like Jennifer Aniston. Except for the EYES.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
speaker_heading: VITALE
dialog: It's Jennifer Aniston. He was
dialog: bullshitting us.
speaker_heading: SKETCH ARTIST
dialog: No, not really. This is a
dialog: phenomenon that happens quite
dialog: often -- the mind gets so
dialog: saturated with popular images it's
dialog: often difficult, especially for
dialog: people under twenty, to recall
dialog: something unique.
text: The Sketch Artist leaves.
text: Mercer picks up the sketch, takes another look at it --
text: trying to connect it to Erica.
text: His PHONE RINGS. He grabs it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: 148 CONTINUED: 148
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Mercer... yeah... you're kidding??
dialog: (already out of
dialog: his chair)
dialog: Let me do this, okay? *
speaker_heading: 149 OMITTED 149 x
scene_heading: 150 INT. ERICA'S LIVING ROOM - DAY 150
text: KNOCK on the door. She throws on a sweatshirt, heads to
dialog: the door.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: MERCER (0O.S.)
dialog: It's Detective Mercer. I needa
dialog: word with you.
text: Erica glances around the room.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Ah... okay.
text: She opens the door. Mercer looks serious. He looks at
text: her apartment, curious.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: I called a few times. There was
dialog: no answer.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: I guess the ringer is off.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: I guess so.
text: The blinds are drawn over the windows. *
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: It's pretty dark in here. *
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: It wasn't once.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Sorry... I didn't mean... Mind if *
dialog: I let some light in? *
text: He opens a blind. Sunlight floods in. Then he pulls *
text: something from his pocket. Holds it up in the sunlight. *
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 150
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Is this yours?
text: It is a ring. Diamonds, and a bird motif in gold.
text: And suddenly Erica's emotions are turned on their head,
dialog: once more.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Where'd you get it?
speaker_heading: MERCER
text: Spanish Harlem. A uniform pinched
text: the suspect's girlfriend trying to
dialog: pawn it. He matches the
dialog: description you gave --
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: You're kidding?
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: We'd like you to come down and see
dialog: if you can pick him out of a
dialog: lineup.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Now? I... I'm... I...
text: She gets quiet, working to handle the mess of emotions
text: going through her.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: It won't be easy -- but you won't
dialog: be alone in there.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Let me get... I'll be right back.
text: Erica heads back into the bedroom.
text: He sees on the table a copy of New York -- lead story
text: about the vigilante. He picks it up, leafs through it.
text: He sees the TV, walks over, opens the DRAWER underneath
dialog: it -- the same drawer she threw the tape in -- it's
text: EMPTY.
text: Erica enters, dressed.
text: He tosses the magazine on the table, they head for the
dialog: door.
dialog: 150
dialog: 151
scene_heading: THE BRAVE ONE - Rev. 8/29/06 107.
scene_heading: INT. LINEUP OBSERVATION ROOM - DAY 151
text: Vitale and Mercer, and Detectives Pitney and O'Connor
text: flank Erica as she enters the observation room. She's
text: nervous, emotionally on edge.
speaker_heading: PITNEY
dialog: You are going to view five
dialog: subjects and I am going to ask you
dialog: three questions. Do you recognize
dialog: anyone? Where do you know them
dialog: from? What did they do?
text: He speaks into an intercom.
speaker_heading: PITNEY
text: Lights. And blinds.
text: Lights come up as the blind is drawn, revealing five men,
text: each sitting under a number.
text: Erica looks through the one-way mirror into the room.
text: She recognizes one of them immediately.
speaker_heading: PITNEY
text: Number one, approach the mirror.
text: The FIRST SUSPECT walks slowly into position.
text: Erica shakes her head. But she can't take her eyes off
text: one of them.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: PITNEY
dialog: Sit down. Number two, approach
dialog: the mirror.
text: A SECOND SUSPECT walks forward, faces the mirror.
text: Erica looks, shakes her head.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: PITNEY
dialog: Sit down. Number three, approach
dialog: the mirror.
text: The THIRD SUSPECT walks forward, stands in front of the
text: mirror. Erica stares at him -- he stares back as if he
text: can see her. A slight smile plays at REED'S lips.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: +e eH
dialog: 151
scene_heading: THE BRAVE ONE - Rev. 8/29/06 107A.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (Al) 151
text: Erica doesn't take her eyes off him -- she studies him --
text: she recognizes every feature of his face -- recognizes
text: every fucking hair on his head -- she recognizes the
text: slope of his shoulders, the size of his hands, the rhythm
text: of his breathing.
text: Mercer doesn't take his eyes off Erica, studying her,
dialog: watching, waiting...
text: MOVE FROM REED'S BYES, TO ERICA'S EYES TO Mercer's
speaker_heading: EYES --
text: After a LONG, TENSE BEAT... Erica shakes her head.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: PITNEY
text: Number four, approach the mirror.
text: Erica shakes her head.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: 151 CONTINUED: 151
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: I can see them all. It's none of
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: O'CONNOR
dialog: (under)
dialog: You sure?
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: I'm sorry. I really am.
dialog: She hardens, a shift you wouldn't notice if you weren't
text: WATCHING HER THE WAY MERCER IS -- because he knows -- he
dialog: knows she's holding -- he hasn't been a cop for fifteen
dialog: years for nothing.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: I am so sorry...
text: Erica suddenly turns and -- walks out of the room.
speaker_heading: VITALE
dialog: I thought we had him. Think she
dialog: just froze? She doesn't seem the
dialog: type, but shit.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: 152 OMITTED 152
scene_heading: 153 INT. HALLWAY - DAY 153
text: Erica standing in the hallway. Mercer comes out.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: That must have been tough.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: It was. I kind of hoped I was
dialog: finally... done...
text: He looks at her. Every word from now on has multiple
dialog: meanings.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: I'm off, let me buy you some
dialog: lunch.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: That's okay.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: 153 CONTINUED: 153
text: Erica turns to go, he stops her.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Hey... you've had a rough day.
dialog: Let me buy you something to eat.
speaker_heading: A154 OMITTED A154
scene_heading: 154 INT. LUCKY'S DINER - DAY 154
text: Mercer and Erica sit across from each other in a booth.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: (watching her reaction)
dialog: Sorry you had to go through
dialog: that -- we really thought we had
dialog: him.
text: She says nothing. She is looking at her ring.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Erica?
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: I can hardly remember his hands.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Maybe that's okay. Maybe you need
dialog: to forget.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: I can't. I miss who I was with
dialog: him. You know that feeling?
text: She turns the ring in her hand.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: It's Mughal. It was a gift from
dialog: David's grandmother.
text: Mercer watches her. He has to wrench himself back to cop
text: mode, but he manages.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Someone gave me a gift the other
dialog: night.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 154
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: BEAT.
dialog: 110.
dialog: 154
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: That guy we saw on TV, at the
dialog: coffee shop, I've been trying to
dialog: put him away for months. Someone
dialog: else must have had something
dialog: against him. We're not talking
text: about nine millimeter here. It
dialog: got personal.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: I read about it.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: We got some more information on
dialog: that subway shooting. Turns out
text: there was a woman in the car that
dialog: night. We've been looking for a
text: guy with a gun, instead it's a
dialog: woman with a grudge --
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: I'm sure there's a lot of us out
dialog: there.
text: She has made a direct admission. He registers this. It
text: is so thick between them now, every word is weighted.
text: Cop and suspect, man, woman, lover.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: I used to give myself a test,
dialog: Erica. When I was a rookie. If
dialog: someone I knew committed a crime,
dialog: would I put them away.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: What kind of someone?
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Someone close to me. Like the
dialog: best friend I ever could have had.
dialog: He means her. And she knows it.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: And?
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: I always hoped I would have had
dialog: the courage, the dedication to say
dialog: yes.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 111.
speaker_heading: 154 CONTINUED: (2) 154
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: And... do you?
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: I do. And it's important that you
dialog: know that.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: I know that. I admire that about
dialog: you.
text: He looks directly at her.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Just one more piece of evidence,
text: and she's going down.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: And I'm sure you'll find it.
dialog: You're a good detective. You miss
dialog: nothing.
text: This is almost like a goodbye between them.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: I have to go. I'll get it.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: It's mine --
text: He stops her hand, as she reaches for the bill.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: What do you think David would
dialog: think of...
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Or what?
text: Mercer looks directly at her.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Of you. Now.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: I don't know. The dead don't
dialog: talk. At least not to me.
text: Erica removes her hand from his -- leans down, and kisses
text: him, on the cheek, gently, apologetically.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 112.
speaker_heading: 154 CONTINUED: (3) 154
speaker_heading: ON MERCER
text: watching her go.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: A155 INT. MERCER'S CAR - DAY A155
text: He is stuck in traffic. He punches in some numbers on
text: his cell phone.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Joey Mortell, please.
speaker_heading: 155 OMITTED 155
scene_heading: A156 INT. TARU - DAY A156
text: The police department where they traingulate cell phone
text: calls. A tall, skinny MAN at a computer on the phone.
text: As he talks, he hits buttons on his screen, and we see a
dialog: grid of the city.
speaker_heading: MORTELL (MAN)
dialog: I got you stuck in traffic between
text: 109th and Lex. Pull in at
text: Vaccarello's Pizza at the corner
dialog: and have a slice.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: B156 INT. MERCER'S CAR - DAY B156
text: Stuck in traffic. He looks out the window as he talks.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: It's a computer store now.
speaker_heading: MORTELL
dialog: Is nothing sacred?
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: No. It's all fucked. Look, I
dialog: need you to trace a call. And I
dialog: don't have a subpoena.
speaker_heading: MORTELL
dialog: But you'll get one.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: If I need to.
scene_heading: THE BRAVE ONE - Rev. 8/2/06 113.
scene_heading: C156 INT. TARU - DAY C156
text: Mortell takes down the info.
speaker_heading: MORTELL
dialog: Give me the date and time.
text: Mercer scrolls down his cell phone.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Three days ago. August 26th.
dialog: Between twelve and one-thirty.
speaker_heading: MORTELL
dialog: Number --
text: Mercer reads out Erica's number.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: 917-157-1431.
speaker_heading: MORTELL
dialog: Name?
text: When Mercer says nothing.
speaker_heading: MORTELL
dialog: Hah. Trick question. What is it,
dialog: some celebrity? I mean, for you
dialog: to go under the radar, it must be
dialog: pretty high-profile, right?
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Like I said, it's private. Okay?
speaker_heading: MORTELL
dialog: Oh. That kind of private. I got
dialog: you covered.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Thanks. How long?
speaker_heading: MORTELL
dialog: Depends... how many calls...
dialog: whether the signal was bounced
dialog: over the water to Queens, New
dialog: Jersey, wherever... two, three
dialog: hours...
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Call me.
speaker_heading: MORTELL
dialog: On your cell phone?
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Yes. I don't care what time it
dialog: is.
scene_heading: THE BRAVE ONE - Rev. 8/29/06 114.
scene_heading: 156 EXT. SPANISH HARLEM - DAY 156
text: A series of liquor stores, pawn shops, discount tennis
dialog: shoes, used everything stores.
text: CAMERA MOVES WITH Erica as she goes into a PAWN SHOP.
text: Comes out, heads down the street, into another.
text: Comes out, heads for another.
scene_heading: 157 INT. EDDIE'S PAWN SHOP - CONTINUOUS ACTION 157
text: Erica shows her ring to the GUY behind the counter.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Hey. Have you seen this ring
dialog: before?
speaker_heading: PAWN GUY
text: It looks familiar.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Do you know who pawned it?
speaker_heading: PAWN GUY
dialog: Sorry. I can't give out that
dialog: information.
text: She gives him a hundred dollar bill. Then another.
text: He goes to his box of receipts.
speaker_heading: PAWN GUY
dialog: I've got a name, Shauna Nelson, an
dialog: address, cell phone.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: What did she look like? (You know
dialog: what she looks like?)
speaker_heading: PAWN GUY
text: She had two eyes and a mouth and a
text: nose in the middle of her face.
dialog: Get the fuck out of here.
text: He gives her the paper and she leaves.
speaker_heading: 158 OMITTED 158
dialog: 159
scene_heading: THE BRAVE ONE - Rev. 8/29/06 114A~.
scene_heading: EXT. FORT TRYON APARTMENTS - NIGHT 159
text: Erica waits by an entrance to a building. Different
text: people come in and out.
text: Finally, a young GIRL, 20s, a bruised face, walks up, a
text: lot of attitude, starts to enter the building.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 159
dialog: 160
dialog: 115.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 159
text: Erica punches a number into her CELL PHONE. Hits SEND.
text: The GIRL takes her phone out, answers.
speaker_heading: GIRL (SHAUNA)
dialog: Hello?
text: Erica starts walking across the street toward the girl.
speaker_heading: SHAUNA
dialog: Hello?
text: The girl hangs up, bugged, heads inside. Erica follows.
scene_heading: INT. BUILDING - CONTINUOUS ACTION 160
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Hey. Shauna.
text: Shauna turns. Looks at Erica.
speaker_heading: SHAUNA
dialog: Did you just call me?
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Yes. I got your number from a
dialog: pawn shop.
dialog: (holds her hand up)
dialog: You had my ring.
speaker_heading: SHAUNA
dialog: Yeah. That motherfucker -- fucked
dialog: some slut, then gave me a ring to
dialog: make up, and I find out he stole
dialog: 1t????
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: I want to know where he is -- will
dialog: you tell me where he is?
speaker_heading: SHAUNA
dialog: I recognize you --
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: From what?
dialog: Shauna doesn't say --
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: From what?
text: She still doesn’t speak. Erica looks at her bruises.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 160
dialog: 161
dialog: 162
dialog: 163
scene_heading: THE BRAVE ONE - Rev. 8/2/06
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SHAUNA
dialog: He hurt you, too, didn't he?
text: And Shauna suddenly turns and walks away.
scene_heading: INT. MERCER'S OFFICE - SAME TIME
text: Mercer's CELL RINGS.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: (into cell)
dialog: Yeah.
scene_heading: INT. TARU - NIGHT
text: Mortell is standing in front of the computer.
speaker_heading: MORTELL
dialog: The call lasted twenty-eight
dialog: minutes. Twelve-oh-two until
dialog: twelve thirty. From 917-157-1431
dialog: to your cell phone. Vicinity of
dialog: Roosevelt Island.
text: A silence. He misinterprets it.
speaker_heading: MORTELL
dialog: She tell you she was someplace
dialog: else?
scene_heading: INT. MERCER'S OFFICE - ON HIS FACE - NIGHT
dialog: He has all the evidence he needs, now.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Yes, she did.
speaker_heading: MORTELL (V.O.)
dialog: I'm sorry. But fuck her, right?
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Keep it to yourself, okay? Till I
dialog: get that subpoena.
speaker_heading: MORTELL (V.O.)
dialog: Never went on the hard drive.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Thanks. I owe you.
dialog: 116.
dialog: 160
dialog: 161
dialog: 162
dialog: 163
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: THE BRAVE ONE - Rev. 8/9/06 117.
speaker_heading: 163 CONTINUED: 163
text: Mercer takes a moment, just a moment to mourn the truth.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 164 OMITTED 164
scene_heading: A165 INT./EXT. SUBWAY TUNNEL (WASHINGTON HEIGHTS) - NIGHT A165
text: Erica, walking down a long, neon-lit subway tunnel.
text: Suddenly her CELL PHONE RINGS. She stops, leans against
text: the tiled wall, opens it.
text: A TEXT MESSAGE has been sent.
scene_heading: ON THE MESSAGE
text: as Erica opens it.
scene_heading: REED BRYANT -- 90 WEST 218th STREET
text: UNDERNEATH THAT, there is an attachment, she OPENS that.
scene_heading: ON PHONE SCREEN
text: Monochromatic, shaky IMAGES, downloaded from the CAMERA
text: PHONE, of the assault. David getting smashed with a
text: pipe, Erica getting kicked, beaten, fear on her face,
text: helplessness on David's. She watches it all, ten seconds
dialog: that last a lifetime.
text: CAMERA CIRCLES her, as she slumps back against the tiled
text: wall, then pulls back down the eerie, neon-lit tunnel,
text: until she is a tiny, slumped figure, the glow of her cell
text: phone screen illuminating her face.
scene_heading: ON HER CELL PHONE
text: She scrolls down to find Mercer's number. She sends a
text: simple text-message reading: GOODBYE. Then hits the
dialog: attachment button.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Goodbye...
text: Then she slowly rises and walks back TOWARDS us. Towards
text: the subway entrance and the world of the street outside.
text: Hands in her pockets, a frightening sense of purpose in
dialog: her walk.
scene_heading: THE BRAVE ONE - Rev. 8/9/06 118.
speaker_heading: B165 OMITTED B165
scene_heading: 165 INT. MERCER'S OFFICE - HALLWAY (PREVIOUSLY SC. AD170) 165
text: His PHONE is RINGING again. He takes it out and sees an
text: attachment from Erica. The brutal beating. Anda single
dialog: word:
speaker_heading: GOODBYE.
text: He breaks into a run.
scene_heading: 166 EXT. WEST 218TH STREET - SAME TIME 166
text: Erica walks past a public housing apartment complex.
text: Built in the thirties, some architect's dream of social
text: perfection which has turned into a nightmare.
text: Youths huddle in dimly-lit alleyways. Each car that
text: passes THROBS with DRUM AND BASS. She shouldn't be here,
dialog: at this hour, but she's not going to stop.
text: She comes to the recessed entrance of number 90. The
text: number above the door seems to taunt her. She walks
text: toward it.
text: She lights her cigarette lighter. The flame of the
text: lighter illuminates the button panel. About a hundred
text: metal bell-pushes, the names below them scratched and
dialog: obscured.
text: As she's about to push them at random, the door suddenly
text: opens. An old lady steps out. Erica holds the closing
text: door open and walks inside.
speaker_heading: 167 OMITTED 167
dialog: thru thru
dialog: 169 169
scene_heading: A170 INT. 90 WEST 218TH STREET - NIGHT A170
text: Dark blue, peeling walls. An eerie faded elegance to the
text: hallway. She could be in some slum in Havana. She heads
text: for the stairs, rising up many stories. Then she sees,
text: THROUGH the scratched toughened glass of the outside
dialog: window.
scene_heading: B170 EXT. ALLEYWAY - NIGHT B170
text: Three figures, in the warren of the back alleyways. The
text: glow of a match on a cigarette or a pipe. And a dog,
text: attached to a leash. Her dog. Curtis.
speaker_heading: c170
speaker_heading: AD170
speaker_heading: D170
scene_heading: THE BRAVE ONE - Rev. 8/9/06 119.
scene_heading: INT. 90 WEST 218TH STREET - ON HER FACE - NIGHT C170 *
dialog: The last thing she expected to see.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Curtis --
text: He can neither smell her or sense her through the glass.
text: She feels her gun. Looks round the hallway, for a back
dialog: exit.
text: Then she walks through the faded hallway. Turns a corner
text: and sees a door. Pushes it open. There is a broken
text: stairway, leading to the back alleyways. Sounds of
speaker_heading: VOICES, O.S.
text: She takes a breath, then makes her way down.
speaker_heading: OMITTED AD170
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEYWAY - NIGHT D170
text: This alleyway is empty. Erica moves in the shadows.
text: Fully transformed, she seeks only one thing -- and she's
text: not stopping until she gets it.
text: It's nerve-racking -- the RHYTHMIC crunch of her
text: FOOTSTEPS as she moves deeper into the dark.
text: A VOICE, quiet, comes from the darkness -- from the
dialog: alleyway beyond --
speaker_heading: REED (0.S.)
dialog: just stand on the corner, keep
dialog: an eye out, how hard can that be?
dialog: Go on, get back on that *
dialog: sidewalk -- *
text: Two young kid wannabe's with Reed, obey him instantly, *
text: run back through the alleys towards the street. *
speaker_heading: ON ERICA
text: She turns toward the sounds -- carried from a distance in
text: the quiet, nothing inside her but an absence of light.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: (soft)
dialog: Hey, boy --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: D170
speaker_heading: AE170
speaker_heading: E170
dialog: thru
dialog: 176
dialog: 177
dialog: 178
dialog: 179
scene_heading: THE BRAVE ONE - Rev. 8/9/06 120.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: D170
text: Curtis hears her voice, turns, stares. Does he remember
dialog: her or not?
text: Reed turns to find out what's going on -- sees Erica
text: standing there -- close, so close she can smell him.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: What the fuck do you want?
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: (quiet)
dialog: I want my dog back.
text: ERICA BLOWS HIM AWAY -- with a bullet through his left
dialog: eye.
text: CURTIS YELPS in fear, darts backwards at the sound.
scene_heading: EXT. WEST 218TH STREET - NIGHT AE170*
text: The two kids, reacting to the ECHO of the GUNFIRE. They *
text: bolt across the street to the building opposite. *
dialog: *
speaker_heading: OMITTED E170
dialog: thru
dialog: 176
scene_heading: INT. MERCER'S CAR - SAME TIME (PREVIOUSLY SC. 165) 177
text: Mercer driving, on his phone.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: I'm fucking waiting and I don't
dialog: want to -- I need an address, now
dialog: -- Reed Bryant, he came in for a
dialog: line-up two days ago --
speaker_heading: OMITTED 178 *
scene_heading: INT. ALLEYWAYS - NIGHT 179
text: Curtis, in the shadows. Erica with the gun in one hand,
text: the other hand held out to him. His hair is dank,
text: uncared for. And he is afraid of her.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: (soft)
dialog: Hey... Hey, buddy.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 179
dialog: 180
speaker_heading: 181
dialog: 182
scene_heading: THE BRAVE ONE - Rev. 8/9/06 121.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 179
text: CURTIS WHINES. Knows her and doesn't know her.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Remember me?
text: He still doesn't move. And it almost makes her cry. She
text: walks towards him, touches his head. A low GROWL comes
dialog: from him.
scene_heading: INT. MERCER'S CAR - NIGHT 180
text: Mercer, still on the phone.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: thanks.
text: He swings the wheel, does a sudden U-turn.
scene_heading: EXT. WEST 218TH STREET - NIGHT 181 *
text: The two kids in a doorway across the street. Cash
text: emerges, his hand at the back belt of his trousers, runs *
text: towards the alley.
scene_heading: INT. ALLEYWAYS - NIGHT 182
text: Erica strokes Curtis' head. He has stopped growling, but
text: is still wary.
speaker_heading: ERICA *
dialog: Did they treat you bad, boy? *
text: But he is obeying different masters now. His ears prick *
text: up, sensing something. He turns, pads off, towards the
dialog: shadows.
speaker_heading: ON ERICA *
text: Watching, as Curtis pads through a gap in a broken wire- *
dialog: mesh fence. *
dialog: BACK TO SCENE *
text: She follows the fence, on the other side. Then her *
text: vision of Curtis is blocked by a low wall. And there is *
text: someone, moving on the other side of that wall. *
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: THE BRAVE ONE - Rev. 8/14/06 122.
speaker_heading: 182 CONTINUED: 182
speaker_heading: ON ERICA
text: gun in hand. She keeps going, silent step by silent
text: step, 'til she vanishes into the shadows.
scene_heading: 183 EXT. SMALL ALLEY - NIGHT 183
text: A hand, in the shadows, cocking a gun. Curtis ambles up
text: to it, licks it. The hand pushes the dog away. We see
text: Cash's face.
speaker_heading: CASH
dialog: Get off, bitch --
text: A SOUND behind him. He turns. Sees a figure, gun drawn.
dialog: Erica.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Only one bitch here --
text: She blows him away. SHOOTS ONCE. TWICE. THREE times.
text: The DOG YELPS, fearful of the gunfire, and fearful of
text: her. Darts into the shadows.
speaker_heading: 184 OMITTED 184
dialog: thru thru
speaker_heading: 191 191
scene_heading: 192 EXT. STREETS - NIGHT 192
text: Mercer, whipping through the night streets, trying to get
dialog: to her.
scene_heading: 193 EXT. ALLEYWAYS - NIGHT 193
text: Erica, standing over Cash's body. She hears a sound,
text: behind her, in the alleyways. Turns, walks quietly
text: through the shadows towards it.
speaker_heading: ERICA'S POV
text: of the alleys, as she walks forwards. She turns a
text: corner, sees the broken doorway of a ruined, ground-floor
text: apartment. She hears a SOUND again, something moving
dialog: inside.
scene_heading: 194 EXT. RUINED APARTMENT - NIGHT 194
text: Erica, framed by the broken doorway.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 194
dialog: 195
scene_heading: THE BRAVE ONE - Rev. 8/14/06 123.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 194
text: Every shadow tells her not to go in there. And she
text: doesn't. She walks silently past it, towards a broken
text: window, rubble reaching down to the ground. She walks
dialog: through.
scene_heading: INT. RUINED APARTMENT - NIGHT 195
text: Erica, inside. The trashed remains of habitation in
text: there. And a RUSTLE of sound, again. Then, a WHINE.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Curtis --
text: She sees the dog, straining at the leash. And she
text: realizes the leash has been caught, or tied, to a broken
dialog: bedpost.
text: Then she hears a voice, echoing through the ruined
dialog: apartment.
speaker_heading: LEE (0.S.)
dialog: Don't you know there's a fucking
dialog: leash law?
text: She whirls round, gun drawn, and is pummelled to the
text: ground by Lee, coming out of the shadows. Her GUN
text: CLATTERS across the floor. She reaches for it. And his
text: boot comes down on her outstretched hand. He is holding
text: a pipe in his hand.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Don't think that's funny, huh?
dialog: You, me and that dog again?
text: He places the pipe around her neck and drags her to her
text: feet, almost strangling her.
speaker_heading: ON ERICA'S FACE
text: The pipe strangling her windpipe. She is struggling for
dialog: breath.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Made your boyfriend smile. Gonna
dialog: make you smile, too --
text: He withdraws the pipe. She draws one long strangled
text: breath. He braces his arms, to smash her mouth with the
dialog: pipe --
text: When a SHOT RINGS OUT. Hits the wall, behind Lee's head.
text: Mercer is there, by the broken doorway.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 195
scene_heading: THE BRAVE ONE - Rev. 8/14/06
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: On the ground --
text: Lee drops, like a stone.
text: Erica, on the ground, grabbing for her gun.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Drop it, Erica --
text: She has the gun trained on Lee.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Stay out of this --
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: No --
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: It's between me and him --
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: You don't have the right --
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Oh yes I do.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: No. I have the right to hunt him
dialog: down. To shoot him --
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Shoot him then!
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: I investigate that shit. I don't
dialog: do it.
text: He is moving towards her all the time.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: What are you gonna do, arrest him?
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Yeah. Arrest me, officer.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Shut up.
text: He has the gun to her head now. She lowers the gun.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Good girl...
text: Mercer takes her gun from her hands.
dialog: 124,
dialog: 195
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 195
scene_heading: THE BRAVE ONE - Rev. 8/14/06 125.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 195
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: You want to use a gun...
text: He places his gun in her hands.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Make sure it's legal...
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: What the hell you doing, man?
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Was I talking to you?
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Come on, man, you gotta arrest
dialog: me -~
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: I can't. Saw what you did.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: You're a cop, that's what you do.
dialog: Fucking arrest me, man.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Not tonight.
text: All the while Erica is looking at his gun in her hand.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Come on, man, put me in cuffs, get
dialog: me out of here, don't leave me
dialog: with this bitch --
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: You --
text: She shoots him in the head.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Shut the fuck up --
text: He falls back, a surprised look on his face, dead.
text: The GUNSHOT ECHOES. All the air seems to deflate out of
text: the place. Erica slowly raises her head, looks at
text: Mercer. Drained.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: I'm done now.
text: Mercer stares at her for a long time.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: THE BRAVE ONE - Rev. 8/14/06 126.
speaker_heading: 195 CONTINUED:
text: He smiles,
text: She shakes her head.
dialog: He places
dialog: (3) 195
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: You can take me down.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: If you go down, I'm going down
dialog: with you.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: And you are not gonna let that
dialog: happen.
text: wryly, sadly.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: No. So you've got one more person
dialog: to shoot.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Me.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: You have to.
text: her gun back in her hand.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: You see, there was no vigilante.
text: Just three punks on a killing
dialog: spree. They got a taste of it in
dialog: Central Park. Then bought
dialog: themselves a gun. And they turned
text: on each other, the way they do.
dialog: And maybe... I happened along, got
dialog: winged, did what I had to do.
text: Mercer stands back.
speaker_heading: MERCER
text: Distance of about ten feet.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: I can't.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 195
dialog: 196
scene_heading: THE BRAVE ONE - Rev. 8/14/06 127.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4) 195
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: You only shoot bad guys? Hey,
dialog: I've joined the club. Come on,
dialog: nick me, graze me, give me a
dialog: wound.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Don't make me --
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: What, there's a line you'd never
dialog: cross? Shoot someone you like?
text: She raises the gun slowly.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: What if my hands shake?
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Make sure you miss the heart.
text: And she FIRES. Hits him in the arm. He spins, falls
text: against the wall.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: You know, that really hurts...
text: She drops the gun, bends down to him.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: I'm sorry.
text: He holds her with his good arm. She buries her head in
dialog: his shoulder. This man she could have loved, in another
dialog: time, another place.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Yeah. So am I. Now get out of
dialog: here before I lose my temper.
text: The sounds of POLICE SIRENS. She backs away, into the
dialog: shadows.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEYWAYS - NIGHT 196
text: Erica, walking through the alleyways, keeping to the
dialog: shadows.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 196
dialog: 197
dialog: 198
dialog: 199
dialog: 200
scene_heading: THE BRAVE ONE - Rev. 8/14/06 128.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 196
text: The CAMERA IS HIGH ABOVE her, sees her thread her way
text: back through the labyrinth. She ducks through a laneway
text: onto the streets beyond, where a convoy of police cars
text: whips past.
scene_heading: INT. RUINED APARTMENT - NIGHT 197
text: Mercer, standing over Lee's body. Erica's gun is now in
text: Lee's dead hand. He notices the dog, still tied to the
text: bedstead, as if for the first time.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Forgot about you, huh?
text: He unties the leash.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Did you forget about her?
text: The dog strains to follow.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Go on. Scat. Get out of here --
text: The dog runs.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEYWAYS - NIGHT 198
text: The dog running, dragging its leash in the dirt. Past
text: policemen, converging on the scene.
scene_heading: EXT. CENTRAL PARK/STRANGERS GATE - NIGHT 199
text: Erica, walking up the steps. She hesitates for a moment,
text: but this time walks on.
scene_heading: EXT. CENTRAL PARK/TUNNEL - NIGHT 200
text: Erica, walking down the tunnel where the assault
text: happened. She walks into the dark abyss, towards the
text: light of the park lamps on the other side.
speaker_heading: ERICA (V.O.)
dialog: There is no going back. To that
text: place, before light and dark
text: collapsed into grey.
text: As she passes into the light, the dog scurries towards
text: her, from behind. She takes up his leash, rubs his head.
text: Walks on, towards the other side.
dialog: 201
scene_heading: THE BRAVE ONE - Rev. 8/9/06 129.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEYWAYS - NIGHT 201
text: A crime scene, now. Mercer being tended by paramedics.
text: Vitale beside him. The CAMERA RISES, to show the three
text: bodies ringed by police tape.
speaker_heading: ERICA (V.O.)
text: But a different light comes up.
dialog: So you can see that grey for what
dialog: it is. It's where you live now.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: *
speaker_heading: te HOF
text: THIS SCRIPT WAS PREPARED
scene_heading: BY WARNER BROS. PICTURES
scene_heading: SCRIPT PROCESSING DEPARTMENT
speaker_heading: (818) 954-4632
dialog: 
