dialog: 
speaker_heading: THE GODFATHER
dialog: Part Two
dialog: Screenplay by
dialog: Mario Puzo
dialog: and
dialog: Francis Ford Coppola
speaker_heading: SECOND DRAFT
dialog: September 24, 1973
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
text: The Paramount Pictures logo is presented over a simple black
text: background, as a single trumpet plays the familiar theme of
text: a waltz. White lettering fades in:
text: Mario Puzo's THE GODFATHER
text: There is a pause, as the trumpet concludes, and there is the
dialog: additional title: - Part Two -
scene_heading: INT. DON CORLEONE'S OLD OFFICE - CLOSE VIEW ON MICHAEL
speaker_heading: CORLEONE - DAY
text: standing impassively, like a young Prince, recently crowned
dialog: King.
text: CLOSE VIEW ON Michael's hand. ROCCO LAMPONE kisses his hand.
text: Then it is taken away. We can SEE only the empty desk and
text: chair of Michael's father, Vito Corleone. We HEAR, over
text: this, very faintly a funeral dirge played in the distance,
text: as THE VIEW MOVES SLOWLY CLOSER to the empty desk and chair.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. A SICILIAN LANDSCAPE - FULL VIEW - DAY
text: We can barely make out the funeral procession passing over
text: the burnt-brown of a dry river bed. The figures move
text: slowly, seemingly from out of hundreds of years of the past.
text: The MUSICIANS walking unsteadily on the rocky bed, their
text: instruments harsh and blaring.
text: They are followed by six young peasant men, carrying the
text: crude wooden coffin on their shoulders. Then the widow, a
text: strong large woman, dressed in black, and not accepting the
text: arms of those walking with her.
text: Behind her, not more than twenty relatives, few children and
text: paisani continue alone behind the coffin.
text: Suddenly, we HEAR the shots of the lupara, and the musicians
text: stop their playing. The entire procession scatters in odd
text: directions along the rocky river bed.
text: The young men struggle with the burden of the heavy coffin,
text: throwing it out of balance and nearly crashing to the ground.
text: We hear a woman SCREAMING:
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: They've killed young Paolo! They've
dialog: killed the boy Paolo!
scene_heading: EXT. SICILIAN LANDSCAPE - MED. VIEW - DAY
text: across the slain body of a fourteen year old boy, lying on
text: the parched ground. In the distance we see four or five of
text: the mourning women, the wind blowing their black dresses and
text: veils, running up to the body of the boy. They begin to
text: wail, and cry out in anguished Sicilian, as the widow, the
text: mother of the murdered boy, holds her child in her arms, his
text: fresh blood wetting her strong hands.
scene_heading: EXT. BARONIAL ESTATE - TIGHT MOVING VIEW - DAY
text: A boy, eight or nine, with wide, frightened eyes, being
text: pulled quickly by the hand. This is VITO ANDOLINI, who is
dialog: to become The Godfather.
text: The VIEW ALTERS revealing that he is being pulled along by
text: his Mother, the Widow, across a field leading to the
text: ornamental gates of a Baronial Estate of some forgotten Noble.
text: At various positions near the gates are men with shotguns,
text: or lupara. The gates are opened; and the Widow and her boy
text: are shown before DON FRANCESCO, a man in his sixties. He
text: wears his trousers with suspenders, and an open white shirt
text: sloppily tucked in over his enormous belly. He wears a hat
text: to protect him from the white-hot sun, and proudly displays
text: a gold watch and chain over his vest.
text: He sits in a chair, near a group of his men in the garden,
text: listening to the Widow, who stands before him with her only
dialog: son.
speaker_heading: WIDOW
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: Don Francesco. You murdered my
dialog: husband, because he would not bend.
dialog: And his oldest son Paolo, because
text: he swore revenge. But Vitone is
text: only nine, and dumb-witted. He
dialog: never speaks.
speaker_heading: DON FRANCESCO
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: I'm not afraid of his words.
speaker_heading: WIDOW
dialog: (Sicilian)
text: He is weak.
speaker_heading: DON FRANCESCO
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: He will grow strong.
speaker_heading: WIDOW
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: The child cannot harm you.
speaker_heading: DON FRANCESCO
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: He will be a man, and then he will
dialog: come for revenge.
text: As she pleads, the Widow moves closer to the Don, until she
text: has practically thrown herself to her knees before him.
speaker_heading: WIDOW
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: I beg you, Don Francesco, spare my
dialog: only son. He is all I have. In
dialog: the name of the Holy Spirit, I
dialog: swear he will never be a danger to
dialog: you...
text: Suddenly, she reaches under her skirt, where she has hidden
text: a kitchen knife.
speaker_heading: WIDOW
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: But I will kill you myself!
text: (she lunges at the
dialog: Mafia chieftain)
dialog: Vitone, go!
text: The boy runs as fast as he can out through the gates. Then
text: there is a lupara blast. He turns, and sees his Mother
text: flung a distance of five feet from the short range of the
text: terrible blast of the shotgun. Then he sees the men turn
text: their attention to him. One fires at him; but the boy is
text: quick, and disappears into a grove of olive trees.
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS OF CORLEONE - NIGHT
text: Two men roam the deserted streets of Corleone, carrying
text: lupare. Every so often, they stop, and one shouts in a
text: loud, almost singsong voice, like a fish peddler. Their
text: names are MOSCA and STROLLO.
speaker_heading: MOSCA
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: Our Friend promises misery to
dialog: anyone who harbors the boy Vito
dialog: Andolini.
text: (he turns and shouts
dialog: in the other direction)
dialog: Our Friend promises misery to
dialog: anyone who harbors the boy Vito
dialog: Andolini.
scene_heading: INT. A HOUSE - NIGHT
text: A family quietly eats their dinner. The father is the local
text: policeman, as indicated by his uniform jacket and gun,
text: hanging nearby.
speaker_heading: STROLLO
dialog: (Sicilian, O.S.)
dialog: Our Friend will be hard with any
dialog: family who gives help to Vito
dialog: Andolini.
text: One of the children looks up, about to speak. But the
text: father sternly indicates that nothing must be said. They go
text: on with their dinner.
scene_heading: EXT. THE STREETS OF CORLEONE - FULL VIEW - NIGHT
text: The men continue walking up and throughout the streets, far
text: in the distance.
speaker_heading: MOSCA
dialog: (Sicilian O.S.)
dialog: ...misery to any family who harbors
dialog: the boy, Vito...
scene_heading: INT. A BARN - NIGHT
text: Four little girls watch with wide eyes as their mother and
text: father bind Vito tightly in swaddled cloth, and then lift
text: him up to the side of a mule; counter-balancing a heavy load
text: of firewood. The father looks at the boy's almost stoically
text: calm little face.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: Vito...We pray for you.
text: He pulls the fabric over the boy's face.
speaker_heading: MOSCA
dialog: (Sicilian O.S.)
dialog: ...Andolini...
speaker_heading: STROLLO
dialog: (Sicilian O.S.)
dialog: Our Friend promises misery to any
dialog: family...
scene_heading: EXT. THE CHURCH PLAZA - NIGHT
text: The men continue on their night-walk, up to the plaza of the
dialog: church.
speaker_heading: STROLLO
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: ...who harbors the boy Vitone
dialog: Andolini.
text: The figure of a single man on a mule passes them.
speaker_heading: MOSCA
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: Let no one give help to the boy
dialog: Vito Andolini...
text: The man on the mule makes his way out of the village and
text: disappears into the distance.
text: We begin to hear, very quietly, the Waltz repeated once again.
scene_heading: EXT. STEAMSHIP - CLOSE VIEW ON VITO - DAY
text: huddled in blankets, on the deck of the ship in Steerage.
text: He does not say a word. The Waltz grows louder as the VIEW
text: ALTERS, revealing the hundreds of immigrant families huddled
text: together with all their earthly possessions on their way to
dialog: America.
text: Then, suddenly, the Waltz stops.
scene_heading: THE NEW YORK HARBOR - DAY
text: SILENCE. We glide past the Statue of Liberty.
text: VIEW on the IMMIGRANTS standing on shipboard silently;
text: looking. Vito is standing with them, his eyes wide.
text: CAMERA MOVES IN on the statue, then MOVING PAST, on to the
text: beautiful buildings of Ellis Island.
scene_heading: EXT. ELLIS ISLAND - DAY
text: A tugboat pulls a barge brimming with immigrants into the
text: Ellis Island harbor. Uniformed officials of the Immigration
text: Service load them up toward the main building.
scene_heading: INT. ELLIS PROCESSING HALL - DAY
text: The hundreds of immigrant families sit on rows of benches in
text: the great hall. Various painted lines lead to the steps and
text: processing rooms above.
text: There is the babble of many interviews going on
text: simultaneously, uncertainly, in different languages.
text: Vito is bundled in an old coat, with a large tag pinned on
dialog: it: "Vitone Andolini -- Corleone, Sicilia."
text: He stands, moves up in the line, when several other immigrant
text: boys, older than he, rush up an push him back in the line.
text: Weak from the trip, he falls to the floor. The boys laugh,
text: derisive in a language he cannot understand. He struggles
text: to his feet, lifting his makeshift bags; staring at them in
text: an icy hatred.
scene_heading: INT. PROCESSING ROOM - DAY
text: Three or four interviews are crowded into the small room;
text: they are conducted in English. From the expression on
dialog: Vito's face, and from the fragmented of the English, we
text: realize that he doesn't understand a word of it.
speaker_heading: OFFICIAL
dialog: (English)
dialog: What is your name?
text: The man waits, impatiently.
speaker_heading: OFFICIAL
dialog: Your name?
text: Vito doesn't answer. The Official pulls the tag pinned onto
text: his coat and copies to down on his form, using a typewriter.
speaker_heading: OFFICIAL
dialog: (speaking as he types)
dialog: Vito...Corleone. Step up, over
dialog: there.
text: He hands the form to another official.
text: CLOSE VIEW on the form. The name has been entered as Vito
dialog: Corleone.
scene_heading: INT. MEDICAL EXAM - DAY
text: Vito is stripped to the waist, as other immigrants wait.
text: The DOCTOR is just finishing his examination. He shakes his
text: head, and then writes on the medical form.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Can you understand me?
text: Vito stares blankly.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: You understand? Smallpox. Smallpox.
text: He doesn't understand. The doctor turns to the Immigration
dialog: Official.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Quarantine...six months.
scene_heading: UNDERGROUND PASSAGEWAY - MOVING VIEW - DAY
text: Officials move a group of immigrant men, including Vito, to
text: the quarantine section of the Island.
scene_heading: INT. QUARANTINE HALLWAY - DAY
text: The official stops at each doorway, and reads off a name.
speaker_heading: OFFICIAL
dialog: Salvatore Ormenta.
text: The man moves into the room, and the group proceeds.
speaker_heading: OFFICIAL
dialog: Vito Corleone.
text: No one responds. The guard moves to the boy, reads his new
text: name tag. And then, not unkindly:
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: That's you.
text: He opens the door, and Vito enters the room.
scene_heading: EXT. THE STATUE OF LIBERTY - DAY
text: The VIEW slowly begins to pull back, revealing this to be
text: the view from inside the quarantine cell, where Vito stands
text: on his bench, looking out to the statue through the barred
dialog: window.
text: Then he turns, and sits in the corner. He is silent for a
dialog: long time.
text: Then, in a sweet, pure voice, he sings to himself in Sicilian.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. CATHOLIC CHURCH - MOVING CLOSE SHOT - DAY
text: A nine year old boy, dressed immaculately in white, with a
text: large white silk bow tied to his shoulder, moving slowly
text: down the aisle of the church with a group of other children
text: dressed in white. He has dark black hair, and his face is
text: unmistakably similar to young Vito's. He moves slowly, his
text: hands clasped around a golden missal. We HEAR only the pure
text: voice of Vito in Sicilian, his sad song reaching out from
text: the past, as ANTHONY CORLEONE, his Grandson, moves on the
dialog: way to his First Holy Communion more than fifty years later.
speaker_heading: FULL VIEW
text: The little children move in procession down to the Altar,
text: where the PRIEST raises the Host, and performs the Communion
dialog: Mass in Latin.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Ecce Agnus Dei, ecce qui tollit
dialog: peccata mundi.
text: MOVING VIEW ON THE PRIEST
text: and Altar boys, as he moves along the row of kneeling
text: children, blessing them, and administering their first
dialog: Communion.
scene_heading: CLOSE MOVING VIEW
text: as the innocent faces receive the Host; finally, the Priest
text: comes to Anthony.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Corpus Christi.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: Amen.
scene_heading: EXT. LAKE TAHOE ESTATE - DAY
text: The lawns of this great estate on the shore of Lake Tahoe
text: are covered with guests of a wonderful party to honor the
dialog: First Holy Communion of Anthony Corleone, the son of Mr. and
text: Mrs. Michael Corleone. A full dance orchestra plays music
text: of the times on a pavilion bandstand built especially for
text: the occasion. Speedboats roar through the water, pulling
text: youthful waterskiers; and the pool and private harbor are
text: filled with laughing, swimming guests. It is Fall of 1958.
speaker_heading: MED. VIEW
text: Anthony, in his Communion suit sits alone at the table,
text: looking like a lonely young Prince.
speaker_heading: KAY (O.S.)
dialog: Smile, Anthony. Smile.
text: He does, and a flash goes off.
speaker_heading: PHOTOGRAPHER (O.S.)
dialog: Now, one with the whole family.
speaker_heading: KAY (O.S.)
dialog: Mr. Corleone can't right now...
text: KAY CORLEONE enters from the side, leading her four year old
text: daughter, MARY, and MAMA CORLEONE to pose with Anthony.
speaker_heading: KAY (O.S.)
dialog: ...but we'll get one with the ladies.
speaker_heading: PHOTOGRAPHER
dialog: All together now, c'mon, Anthony...
speaker_heading: CHEESE and
dialog: (flash)
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Thank you.
text: She smiles as she leaves the photographer, and then lets out
text: a weary sigh to Mama, as she touches the slightly protruding
dialog: belly.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Do you think it'll show in the
dialog: picture?
speaker_heading: MAMA
dialog: Two months never shows. Two months
dialog: look like you had a big lunch.
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Oh, Mrs. Corleone.
text: A slender, aristocratic WOMAN in her late forties is waving
text: to KAY.
scene_heading: MRS. BARRETT
dialog: Hello, Mrs. Corleone. I'm Fran
dialog: Barrett, our place is just down the
dialog: lake. This is my husband, Marshall.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: I'm so happy you could come.
speaker_heading: MR. BARRETT
dialog: The place is transformed. We've
dialog: been watching workmen come and go
dialog: all summer.
scene_heading: MRS. BARRETT
dialog: Where is Mr. Corleone?
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: A business meeting ran late...but
dialog: he promised he wouldn't be long.
text: Kay puts her arm around little Anthony's shoulder.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: This is our son Anthony Vito
dialog: Corleone. Today he made his First
dialog: Holy Communion.
scene_heading: EXT. TAHOE GATE AND KENNELS - DAY
text: A confusion of cars; arriving and parking. The squad of
text: parking attendants are supplemented by a whole team of the
text: local Police, working as high-class parking valets.
text: A very beautiful, statuesque woman, though slightly drunk,
text: DEANNA DUNN, slams the door of a powder blue Mercedes and
text: hurries barefoot through the great stone gate.
speaker_heading: DEANNA
dialog: I will not shut my mouth, and keep
dialog: your Goddamn hands off of me!
text: She is followed by a harried, FREDDIE CORLEONE, dressed with
text: flash in the Hollywood style, and carrying her shoes in his
dialog: hands.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: Honey! Wait a minute; let's go for
dialog: a drive.
speaker_heading: DEANNA
dialog: I just had a drive; besides, I want
dialog: to see my brother-in-law Michael.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: (trying to get her to
dialog: put her shoes on)
dialog: Yeah, but I don't want him to see
dialog: you.
text: Deanna pauses reflectively a moment, allowing Fredo to get
text: her shoes on.
speaker_heading: DEANNA
dialog: What beats me, is how you guys
dialog: could be brothers. You musta been
dialog: your Mother's rotten egg.
text: She kicks off the shoes, giggling, and runs toward a waiter.
speaker_heading: DEANNA
dialog: (lifting a glass of champagne)
dialog: Young man, young man...thank you,
text: young man.
speaker_heading: WAITER
dialog: (impressed)
dialog: Excuse me, but aren't you...
speaker_heading: DEANNA
dialog: Yes, you saw me in the movies, Good
dialog: Humor man, and yes, I had more off
dialog: than my shoes!
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: Goddamn bitch.
speaker_heading: DEANNA
dialog: Relax, Freddie honey. Come dance
dialog: with me.
text: She extends her hand to him.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: Listen, Michael's got a lot of nice
dialog: people here. Friends of Kay's.
dialog: He'll never forgive me if you ruin
dialog: his party.
speaker_heading: DEANNA
dialog: I hate to see you cringe in front
dialog: of him. How come you're so scared
dialog: of your own kid brother?
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: He's the head of the family.
text: Disgusted, she turns around, and heads toward the music.
speaker_heading: DEANNA
dialog: Don't follow me!
scene_heading: EXT. TAHOE LAWN AND TABLES - MED. SHOT - DAY
text: Rushing through the tables, waving an arm jangling with gold
text: jewelry, and carrying several gift-wrapped packages, is a
text: hardened and aging CONNIE CORLEONE. She is followed by a
text: blond, and wrinkled-handsome escort named MERLE.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Mama...Mama! Here I am!
text: She throws her arms around her Mother, who returns the
text: affection somewhat reproachfully.
speaker_heading: MAMA
dialog: Constanzia. We expected you last
dialog: week; we sent the car to pick you
dialog: up at the airport last week.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: I know, it was chaos; but anyway,
dialog: here I am one week late.
dialog: (lifting a shiny
dialog: green package out of
dialog: Merle's arms)
dialog: This is for my Mama. You remember
dialog: Merle?
speaker_heading: MAMA
dialog: (not giving him a
dialog: chance to greet her)
dialog: Yes, thank you.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: How are the kids?
speaker_heading: MAMA
dialog: Well, thank you, they asked for you
dialog: all week.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: I got surprises for everybody!
speaker_heading: MAMA
dialog: (glancing at the wrapping)
text: Bought at the airport.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: (gazing about)
dialog: This is swell. Where's Michael?
dialog: I've got things to get straight
dialog: with him and I can't wait on line.
speaker_heading: MAMA
dialog: You go see your children first, and
dialog: then you wait to see your brother
dialog: like everybody else.
scene_heading: EXT. THE BOATHOUSE - DAY
text: A porch-like foyer of the boathouse, where a group of five
text: or six men wait, some nervously. Some sit, and some pace.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE VIEW
text: on one of these men, FRANKIE PENTANGELI, approaching his
text: sixties, with gray hair (the little of it left). He's a bit
text: scruffy, this morning's shave of his white beard is not
text: perfect, and he seems tired. He is accompanied by an
text: associate-bodyguard, WILLY CICCI; thin and dark, and also
text: dressed up for the occasion. Frankie tries to get the
text: attention of one of the waiters; a college-groomed young man
text: in white sports jacket and black bow-tie.
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: Hey, kid! You got any red wine?
speaker_heading: WAITER
dialog: (offering the tray)
text: Only champagne and cocktails.
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: Forget it...
text: Finally, he sees someone he recognizes, Fredo, and shouts
text: out in a husky voice:
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: Fredo! Sonuvabitch. You look great.
text: Fredo squints in his direction; finally recognizes him.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: Who's that? Pentangeli? Frankie
dialog: "Five-Angels"...thought you were
dialog: never coming West.
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: (affectionately)
dialog: Gotta check up on my boys. Hey,
dialog: what's with the food? Some kid in
dialog: a white jacket brings me a ritz
text: cracker with some chopped liver.
dialog: 'Canapes,' he says. I say, 'Can a
dialog: peas, my ass, that's a ritz cracker
dialog: with chopped liver.' Go get me a
text: salami sandwich and a glass of wine
dialog: or I'll send you and your white
dialog: jacket to the dry cleaners!
dialog: They get a good laugh at this fresh breath of New York.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: Gee, Frankie, it's good to see you.
dialog: Reminds me of old times.
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: You remember Willy Cicci, don't
dialog: you, Freddie? We was all together
dialog: with the old man Clemenza in
dialog: Brooklyn... before...uh...
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: We were all upset about that.
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: That's what I'm here to talk to
dialog: your brother about. What's with
dialog: him, I got to get a letter of
dialog: introduction to have a 'sitdown'?
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: (throwing his arm
dialog: around him)
dialog: C'mon, I see what I can do.
scene_heading: EXT. TAHOE PAVILION - MED. VIEW - DAY
text: The orchestra wears white summer sportcoats and black tuxedo
text: slacks as they play a tango behind monogrammed music stands.
text: A professional dance team, probably imported from Vegas,
text: dance the tango for the excited guests.
scene_heading: INT. TAHOE BOATHOUSE - DAY
text: A large and very beautiful room overlooking the lake. It is
text: dominated by an enormous bar, behind which stands ALBERT
text: NERI, discreetly in the background.
text: MICHAEL CORLEONE sits on a large sofa, his back to us.
text: Standing to one side is a tired and somewhat uneasy TOM
text: HAGEN. Standing before Michael is SANDRA CORLEONE, Sonny's
text: widow; her daughter, one of the twins, FRANCESCA CORLEONE,
text: and a handsome young man of twenty, GARDNER SHAW.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: Michael, this is Gardner Shaw.
dialog: Francesca and he have been seeing
dialog: each other for six months now.
dialog: Gardner, this is Francie's Uncle
dialog: Michael.
speaker_heading: GARDNER
dialog: (a little nervous)
dialog: I've heard a lot about you, Mr.
dialog: Corleone.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL (O.S.)
dialog: Sit down. Francie.
text: The couple sit themselves on the sofa opposite Michael.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: They would like to set an engagement
dialog: date, and...
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Let them speak for themselves.
text: VIEW ON MICHAEL, calm, thoughtful. One can tell that he has
dialog: special affection for his niece.
speaker_heading: FRANCESCA
dialog: We love each other, Uncle Michael.
dialog: And, we want to be married. I came
dialog: to ask for your blessing.
text: There is a loud KNOCKING on the door; then Fredo's voice.
speaker_heading: FREDO (O.S.)
dialog: Hey, Mike...guess who's here?
text: Neri goes to answer it, cracks the door open.
speaker_heading: NERI
dialog: Not now, Freddie...
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: Tell Mike Frankie 'Five-Angels' is
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: NERI
dialog: Not now...
text: Neri closes the door, and Michael looks at the nervous young
dialog: man.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Francesca is my oldest brother's
dialog: daughter. He died many years ago,
dialog: and ever since I've felt much more
dialog: of a father than an uncle. I love
dialog: her very much. I'm pleased and
dialog: impressed that you had the thought
dialog: to come to me before going on with
dialog: your plans. It shows me that
dialog: you're a considerate man, and will
dialog: be good to her. What are you
dialog: studying in college?
speaker_heading: GARDNER
dialog: My major is Fine Arts, sir.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: How will Fine Arts support your new
dialog: wife?
speaker_heading: GARDNER
dialog: It's embarrassing to say, sir, but
dialog: I'm a major stockholder in the
dialog: family corporation.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Never be embarrassed by your wealth.
dialog: This recent contempt for money is
dialog: still another trick of the rich to
dialog: keep the poor without it.
dialog: (warmly)
dialog: Of course I give you my blessing.
dialog: Let's set the wedding soon...it
dialog: will be my pleasure to give the
dialog: bride away.
text: They all smile, and rise.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ...and take a few courses in
dialog: Business Administration just to be
dialog: on the safe side!
text: They laugh; Michael moves toward them. Francesca throws her
text: arms around him, and kisses her favorite uncle. The flushed
text: young man shakes his hand heartily.
speaker_heading: FRANCESCA
dialog: Thank you, Uncle Michael.
text: They all take their leave; Michael turns to Hagen.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Make her dowry impressive. He
dialog: comes from a family who still
dialog: thinks an Italian bride goes
text: barefoot.
scene_heading: EXT. TAHOE SWIMMING POOLS AND HARBOR - DAY
text: Francesca and Gardner are greeted by her twin sister and
text: their young friends, who squeal and embrace at the good news.
text: Someone throws someone in the pool, and life is good.
speaker_heading: MED. CLOSE
text: Francesca kisses her Aunt Kay.
speaker_heading: FRANCESCA
dialog: Uncle Michael is the greatest man
dialog: ever!
text: VIEW on Kay - happy for her niece.
scene_heading: INT. TAHOE BOATHOUSE - DAY
text: Michael sits in the darkened boathouse. Tom Hagen paces.
text: Michael is looking at photographs. Neri stands over him.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON MICHAEL
text: studying the pictures.
speaker_heading: NERI (O.S.)
dialog: His name is Fred Vincent. He owns
text: a small pizza parlor in Buffalo...
text: CLOSE ON THE PICTURES
text: Snapshots of a middle-aged man, handsome, Italian. There is
text: something familiar about him.
speaker_heading: NERI (O.S.)
dialog: (continuing)
text: ...American wife and two small kids.
dialog: We traced him and found that he's
dialog: in the country illegally, from
dialog: Sicily...
text: Michael looks at another picture. The same man. Only
dialog: younger, and dressed in Sicilian shepherd's clothing. We
dialog: remember him as FABRIZZIO...Michael's traitorous bodyguard
dialog: in Sicily.
speaker_heading: NERI (O.S.)
dialog: ...came over around 1956. Sponsored
dialog: by the Barzini Family.
text: Michael puts the pictures down.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: It's him. Fabrizzio.
dialog: (almost to himself)
dialog: Revenge is a dish that tastes best
dialog: when it's cold.
speaker_heading: NERI
dialog: How do you want me to handle it?
text: Michael glances at Hagen, who has been waiting in the room.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Later. Tom?
text: Hagen brings him a folder; then, as Michael glances through
dialog: it:
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: I've cleared it through the
dialog: Senator's chief aide, a man named
dialog: Turnbull. Turnbull's a heavy
dialog: gambler, and into us for over a
dialog: hundred grand, so I figure his
dialog: information is reliable.
text: Neri moves to the bar, to prepare Michael a drink.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: The Senator can be set up; but he
dialog: thinks of himself as a clean
dialog: politician. So it's got to be on
dialog: terms he can live with: campaign
dialog: contribution, donation to a
dialog: charitable cause that he controls,
dialog: things like that. If he gets even
dialog: the inkling that you think you're
dialog: buying him, he'll freeze up.
dialog: Nevada's a funny state, they like
dialog: things both ways here... All right.
dialog: Turnbull says the Senator will be
dialog: here at two-thirty, and he's been
dialog: primed. He knows you'll want to
text: meet with him alone, and he knows
dialog: it's about the Tropicana's license.
dialog: At any rate, he expects to be
dialog: introduced around to some of the
dialog: influential people here today, and
dialog: generally treated as an ordinary
dialog: guest. Just go light on him,
dialog: Mikey, sometimes the biggest crooks
dialog: don't like to think of themselves
dialog: as crooks...
text: Michael glances at Hagen, as though that last remark was
dialog: unnecessary.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: I'm sorry; of course, you know that.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Two-thirty. That gives me time to
dialog: see my boy.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
text: Connie's outside.
text: Michael doesn't want to see her.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: I promised; she said it was urgent.
text: Michael nods.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: All right. Apologize to Pentangeli.
text: Neri opens the door; Hagen exits, and Connie steps in
text: impatiently, followed by Merle.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I said I would see my sister, alone.
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: I think this concerns me too.
dialog: (taking a cigarette
dialog: from the dispenser)
dialog: You don't, do you?
text: Connie steps forward, kisses Michael on the cheek.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: How are you, honey? You've met
dialog: Merle, haven't you. He was with me
dialog: in Vegas.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I saw him with you.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: We're going to Europe next week. I
dialog: want to get passage booked on the
dialog: Queen.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Why do you come to me? Why don't
dialog: you go to a travel agent?
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: We're going to get married first.
text: Michael is silent. Then he rises, and moves to the window
text: overlooking the lake.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: The ink on your divorce isn't dry.
dialog: Your children see you on weekends;
dialog: your oldest boy, Michael Francis...
dialog: was in some trouble with the Reno
dialog: police over some petty theft that
dialog: you don't even know about.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Michael...
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: You fly around the world with lazy
dialog: young men who don't have any love
dialog: for you, and use you like a whore.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: You're not my father!
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Then why do you come to me?
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Because I need MONEY!
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Connie, I want to be reasonable
dialog: with you. You have a house here,
dialog: with us. You can live here with
dialog: your kids...and you won't be
dialog: deprived of anything. I don't know
dialog: much about Merle; I don't know what
dialog: he does for a living; what he lives
dialog: on. Why don't you tell him marriage
dialog: is really out of the question; and
dialog: that you can't see him any more.
dialog: He'll understand. But if you
dialog: disobey me, and marry this pimp...it
dialog: would disappoint me.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: It was my father's money; and I'm
dialog: entitled to what I need. Where is
dialog: Tom Hagen?
text: She turns angrily, leaving Michael standing face to face
dialog: with Merle.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Are you finished?
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: I think so.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Then out.
text: Merle puts out his cigarette and leaves, quickly.
scene_heading: EXT. TAHOE PAVILION - FULL VIEW - DAY
text: The orchestra has struck up a "Paul Jones," where two
text: concentric circles of young people march in opposite
text: directions, until the music stops. Then they take whomever
text: is opposite them as their new dance partner.
text: VIEW ON THE HARBOR AREA
text: Francesca and her twin, Gardner and their elite young
text: friends roar out of the private harbor, to get up on the
text: water skis. We notice ROCCO LAMPONE, move along a path
text: leading to a separate and more private boathouse. A small
text: covered craft approaches, ties off, and a group of three men
text: step on to the pathway, shake hands with Lampone - and
text: follow him to the large boathouse where Michael conducts his
dialog: business.
speaker_heading: CLOSE VIEW
text: Pentangeli has led Mama up to the dance floor, and is having
text: some difficulty with the orchestra.
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: I can't believe that out of thirty
dialog: professional musicians, not one of
dialog: you is Italian!
dialog: (as the musicians laugh)
dialog: C'mon, give us a tarantella.
text: He waves his hands, conducting, and singing. The piano
text: starts a vamp, the drums uncertainly join in. A clarinet
text: starts to play "Pop Goes the Weasel," and soon the rest of
text: the orchestra is playing that. They look to Pentangeli for
text: approval. Disgusted, he goes back to his table, eating a
text: handful of canapes.
scene_heading: INT. THE BOATHOUSE - DAY
text: Rocco ushers an older Italian, bundled up against the cold
text: and wet of his boatride, to Michael.
text: The man shows respect to Michael, who quickly indicates that
dialog: Neri should get him a drink.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
text: Rocco, his friends must be hungry.
dialog: See what you can do, but I'd like
dialog: to keep them away from the guests.
text: The older man, JOHNNY 'BLUE BOY' OLA, gestures to his
text: bodyguards, and they follow Lampone.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: You know my lawyer, Tom Hagen.
dialog: Johnny Ola.
speaker_heading: OLA
dialog: Sure, I remember Tom from the old
dialog: days.
text: Tom shakes hands with Ola, remembering him, and his
dialog: importance.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Tom isn't going to sit in with us,
dialog: Johnny. He only handles specific
dialog: areas of the family business. Tom?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Sure, Mikey.
text: He gathers up some of his papers, as the three men remain
text: silent, waiting for him to go before they talk. It's clear
dialog: Tom doesn't want to be excluded.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: If you need anything, just...
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Just tell Rocco I'm waiting.
text: Hagen nods and leaves. As soon as the door closes:
speaker_heading: OLA
dialog: I just left our friend in Miami.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: How is his health?
speaker_heading: OLA
dialog: Not good.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Is there anything I can do; anything
dialog: I can send?
speaker_heading: OLA
dialog: He appreciates your concern,
dialog: Michael, and your respect.
text: There's a KNOCK on the door; a moment, and then Rocco
text: quietly enters and takes his place without disturbing the
dialog: conversation.
speaker_heading: OLA
dialog: The hotel's registered owners are
dialog: one Jacob Lawrence, and Sidney
dialog: Barclay, both Beverly Hills
dialog: attorneys. In reality it's split
dialog: between the Old Lakeville Road
dialog: Group from Cleveland, and our
text: friend in Miami. He takes care of
dialog: others outside the country, you
dialog: know who I mean. Meyer Klingman
dialog: runs the store, and does all right,
dialog: but I've been instructed to tell
dialog: you, that if you move him out, our
dialog: friend in Miami will go along with
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: He's very kind, tell him it's
dialog: appreciated. I'm sure it will be
dialog: profitable all the way around.
speaker_heading: OLA
dialog: He always makes money for his
dialog: partners. One by one, our old
dialog: friends are gone. Death, natural
dialog: or not, prison, deported. Our
dialog: friend in Miami is the only one
dialog: left, because he always made money
dialog: for his partners.
text: The door opens suddenly, and standing there in his white
text: Communion suit, is Michael's boy Anthony. A moment later,
text: Kay appears, and takes the boy's hand.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Anthony, Daddy's busy.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (rising)
dialog: This is my boy, and my wife. Mr.
dialog: John Ola of Miami.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: I'm sorry, Michael. Senator
dialog: Geary's here, and Mr. and Mrs.
dialog: Barrett wanted to thank you before
dialog: they left. Won't you join us, Mr.
dialog: Ola?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Mr. Ola's just leaving, Kay.
dialog: Please tell the Senator I won't be
dialog: a minute.
text: Pause; she stands there a moment.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Kay.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Yes, Michael.
scene_heading: EXT. THE BOATHOUSE - DAY
text: Kay closes the door. It seems as though Michael has violated
dialog: some sort of promise to her by having this man here today.
text: She looks up toward the first boathouse.
speaker_heading: WHAT SHE SEES:
text: The covered launch, and Ola's three bodyguards, eating while
dialog: they wait.
speaker_heading: MED. VIEW
text: Anthony runs away from her, heading toward the house.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Anthony!
dialog: (she runs after him)
dialog: Anthony, where are you going?
text: Moodily, the boy stops, turns, and walks back to his table
text: of honor without answering her.
scene_heading: EXT. TAHOE TABLES AND PAVILION - VIEW ON THE PAVILION - DAY
text: The orchestra has taken its break; now two couples in formal
text: dress are performing the Quartet from Rigoletto.
speaker_heading: VIEW ON HAGEN
text: sitting by himself, a little down, having a drink. He's
text: waiting for Michael to re-summon him. SANDRA, Sonny's
text: widow, sits opposite him.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Where's my wife?
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: With Mama, putting the baby to
text: sleep. Francesca's very happy.
dialog: Michael was kind to her. She
dialog: idolizes him.
dialog: (pause; she looks at
dialog: a despondent Hagen)
text: The children are all out in the
dialog: speedboat. I'm going to my house.
text: Sandra gets up, still an attractive woman, and walks alone
text: to the back path that leads to her home on the estate.
text: VIEW ON THE PAVILION
text: The returned orchestra strikes a big, show-biz chord,
text: intended to command the guests' attention.
text: The orchestra LEADER raises his hands for silence, and makes
text: an announcement over the P.A. system.
speaker_heading: MAESTRO
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen, a most
dialog: distinguished guest would like to
dialog: say a few words: Senator and Mrs.
dialog: Pat Geary of the state of Nevada!
text: A big hand, as the smiling SENATOR introduces his WIFE by
text: holding her arm up to the crowd, and then proceeds alone to
text: the bandstand.
speaker_heading: MED. VIEW
text: Michael stands with Kay and Mrs. Geary. The Senator's
dialog: presence seems to be a statement of political and social
dialog: status.
text: A little distance away, his beautiful son Anthony sits
text: quietly, in an unmistakably morose mood.
scene_heading: INT. TAHOE - SANDRA'S HOUSE - DAY
text: We HEAR the applause and whistles echoing in the distance.
text: Sandra stands in her bedroom, looking at the door. We SEE a
text: photograph of SONNY, and also one of their wedding.
text: A moment goes by, and then Tom Hagen enters, closing the
text: door behind him.
text: We begin to HEAR Senator Geary's amplified voice resounding
text: over the lake. Hagen moves to Sandra. She takes him in her
text: arms, comforting, holding his head against her full breast.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: He doesn't want my help any more.
dialog: He doesn't need it.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: We don't know that's true, he never
dialog: said that.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: I can feel it in the way he talks
dialog: to me.
text: He moves to the dresser; pours himself a drink.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Just now when Johnny Ola showed up,
dialog: he asked me to leave them alone.
dialog: Ola is Hyman Roth's Sicilian
dialog: contact. I was on the inside of
dialog: ten, twenty meetings with him. But
dialog: today Mike asked me to leave, like
text: an outsider.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: Talk to him. Tell him how you feel.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: It's as though he blames me for the
dialog: ground the family lost when I was
dialog: Consigliere to Sonny.
text: Sandra pulls Hagen to her, and kisses him passionately on
dialog: the mouth.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: I love Michael, I want to help him,
dialog: be close to him. I don't want to
dialog: end up a third string lawyer making
dialog: property settlements for the hotels.
text: Sandra knows he needs her. Slowly she begins to undress.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: We have a little time now.
scene_heading: EXT. THE PAVILION - VIEW ON SENATOR GEARY - DAY
speaker_heading: SENATOR GEARY
dialog: ...my thanks, and the thanks of the
dialog: young people of the State of
dialog: Nevada, for this most impressive
dialog: endowment...
text: (he holds a check in
dialog: his hand)
dialog: ...made to the University in the
dialog: name of Anthony Vito Corleone.
dialog: Thank you, Mr. and Mrs. Michael
dialog: Corleone.
text: Applause. Senator Geary returns the microphone to the
dialog: Maestro who adds:
speaker_heading: MAESTRO
dialog: And now, the Nevada Boys' Choir
dialog: have prepared a special thank you
dialog: for Mr. Michael Corleone.
text: He turns to a small Choir Master, who leads the Boys' Choir
text: in a choral arrangement of "MR. WONDERFUL."
scene_heading: VIEW ON SENATOR GEARY
text: shaking hands with Michael, as Press Photographers snap
text: pictures, showing the check; showing a special award of
dialog: Gratitude from the State; Mrs. Corleone and Mrs. Geary; all
text: together; Michael and his son; Senator Geary and Michael's
dialog: son; and on and on. In the midst of this:
speaker_heading: SENATOR GEARY
dialog: Where can we meet alone?
text: Michael indicates the boathouse a distance away, where Neri
text: seems to be waiting for them. Then Michael leans to Rocco:
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Find Hagen.
text: Rocco sets off; as more pictures are taken, and the:
speaker_heading: BOYS' CHOIR
text: sings its lovely arrangement of "Mr. Wonderful."
scene_heading: INT. TAHOE BOATHOUSE - MED. VIEW - DAY
text: Michael, the Senator, Neri and Rocco make a group in the
text: dark, large room.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: It was very kind of you to come to
dialog: my home on this occasion, Senator.
dialog: My wife has been very concerned
dialog: with making a good impression on
dialog: the people who are our neighbors,
dialog: and your appearance here has made
dialog: her very happy. If I can ever
dialog: perform a service for you, you only
dialog: have to ask.
text: The door opens, and Hagen sheepishly makes his way in.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: My lawyer, Tom Hagen. He arranged
dialog: this all through your man Turnbull.
speaker_heading: SENATOR GEARY
dialog: I thought we would meet alone.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I trust these men with my life.
dialog: They are my right arms; I cannot
dialog: insult them by sending them away.
speaker_heading: SENATOR GEARY
dialog: (taking out some medication)
dialog: Some water.
text: He addresses that to Neri, who resentfully goes to fetch the
text: Senator a glass of water.
speaker_heading: SENATOR GEARY
dialog: Alright, Corleone. I'm going to be
dialog: very frank with you. Maybe more
dialog: frank than any man in my position
dialog: has ever spoken to you before.
text: Michael nods, indicating that he should do so.
speaker_heading: SENATOR GEARY
dialog: The Corleone family controls two
dialog: major hotels in Vegas; one in Reno.
dialog: The licenses were grandfathered in,
dialog: so you had no difficulties with the
dialog: Gaming Commission. But I have the
dialog: idea from sources...
dialog: (takes the water from
text: Neri and swallows his pills)
dialog: ...that you're planning to move in
dialog: on the Tropicana. In another week
dialog: or so you'll move Klingman out,
dialog: which leaves you with only one
dialog: technicality. The license, which
text: is now in Klingman's name.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Turnbull is a good man.
speaker_heading: SENATOR GEARY
dialog: Let's forget the bullshit, I don't
dialog: want to stay here any longer than I
dialog: have to. You can have the license
dialog: for two hundred and fifty thousand
dialog: in cash, plus a monthly fee equal
dialog: to five percent of the gross...
text: Michael is taken aback; he looks at Hagen.
speaker_heading: SENATOR GEARY
dialog: ...of all three Corleone hotels.
text: Hagen is frustrated; all his information was wrong.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Senator Geary, I speak to you as a
dialog: businessman who has made a large
dialog: investment in your state. I have
dialog: made that state my home; plan to
dialog: raise my children here. The
dialog: license fee from the Gambling
dialog: Commission costs one thousand
dialog: dollars; why would I ever consider
dialog: paying more?
speaker_heading: SENATOR GEARY
dialog: I'm going to squeeze you, Corleone,
dialog: because I don't like you; I don't
dialog: like the kind of man you are. I
dialog: despise your masquerade, and the
dialog: dishonest way you pose yourself and
dialog: your fucking family.
speaker_heading: VIEW ON HAGEN
text: glances at Michael.
scene_heading: VIEW ON MICHAEL
text: makes no outward reaction.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: We're all part of the same
dialog: hypocrisy, Senator. But never
dialog: think it applies to my family.
speaker_heading: SENATOR GEARY
dialog: All right, then let me say you'll
dialog: pay me because it's in your
dialog: interests to pay me.
speaker_heading: VIEW ON GEARY
text: rising.
speaker_heading: SENATOR GEARY
dialog: I'll expect your answer, with
dialog: payment, by tomorrow morning. Only
dialog: don't contact me...from now on,
dialog: deal only through Turnbull.
text: He is almost out the door.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Senator...
dialog: (cold and calm)
dialog: ...you can have my answer now if
dialog: you'd like.
text: Geary turns back.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: My offer is this. Nothing...not
dialog: even the thousand dollars for the
dialog: Gaming Commission, which I'd
dialog: appreciate if you would put up
dialog: personally.
text: Geary returns Michael's hard look; then laughs and leaves.
text: Slowly Michael turns to Hagen.
speaker_heading: VIEW ON HAGEN
text: embarrassed at being so off the mark.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: It's all right, Tom, we'll talk
dialog: later. Tell Frankie Pentangeli I'd
dialog: like him to have dinner at my
dialog: family table before we do business.
scene_heading: EXT. THE PAVILION - NIGHT
text: Now the light has faltered, and the young waiters have put
text: up the night lights. The tables are all properly set for
text: dinner, with candles on each one.
text: The orchestra is playing quiet, unobtrusive dinner music,
text: and many of the guests have begun to help themselves to the
text: impressive buffet, under a party tent.
speaker_heading: MED. VIEW
text: Michael sits at a large table with Kay, his son Anthony,
text: Mama, Hagen and TERESA, Connie and Merle' Fredo and Deanna,
dialog: and Frankie Pentangeli.
speaker_heading: MAMA
dialog: Cent' Anne.
text: This, the table of honor, all raise their glasses and repeat
dialog: the toast.
speaker_heading: DEANNA
dialog: What's 'cent' Anne?'
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: A hundred years...it's a toast.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: It means we should all live happily
dialog: for one hundred years. The family.
dialog: If my Father were alive, it'd be
dialog: true.
speaker_heading: MAMA
dialog: Connie.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Merle, have you met my sister-in-
dialog: law Deanna?
speaker_heading: DEANNA
dialog: What a pleasure, Merle.
dialog: (shaking hands)
speaker_heading: MAMA
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: Those two are perfect for each other.
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: What's that mean?
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Mama!
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: Michael, in all respect, I didn't
dialog: come three thousand miles for dinner.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: When do we talk?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: After dinner.
text: By now, the conversation has become exclusively Sicilian,
text: with Merle and Deanna, looking from side to side like in a
dialog: tennis match. Finally, Kay, to be polite:
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Anthony, you were talking to Mr.
dialog: Pentangeli?
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: His name is "Five-Angels."
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: Yeah, the kid and me talked Sicilian.
dialog: A one-way conversation!
scene_heading: INT. TAHOE BOATHOUSE - NIGHT
text: Pentangeli is angry; but because it is Michael he is talking
text: to, he keeps his voice low and represses his desire to shout.
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: Sure, Pete Clemenza died of a heart
dialog: attack, but the Rosato Brothers
dialog: gave it to him.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: We were all heartbroken at the
dialog: news; but that wasn't cause to
dialog: start a war.
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: Okay, now it's my family in
dialog: Brooklyn; and I wanna keep up
dialog: Clemenza's loyalty to you. But how
dialog: can I run my family with you
dialog: challenging my every move? You're
dialog: too far from the street, Mike, the
dialog: only way to reason with the Rosato
dialog: Brothers is to whack 'em and whack
dialog: 'em fast.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: You were unfair with them.
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: Says who?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Clemenza promised Rosato three
dialog: territories in the Bronx after he
dialog: died, and then you took over and
dialog: welched.
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: Clemenza promised them nothing, he
dialog: hated the sonsuvbitches.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: They feel cheated.
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: Michael, you're sitting up here in
dialog: the Sierra Mountains with champagne
dialog: cocktails making judgment on the
dialog: way I run my family.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (suddenly in Sicilian)
dialog: Your family still carries the name
dialog: Corleone, and you will run it like
dialog: a Corleone!
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: And while I feed my family in New
dialog: York, you put the knife in my back
dialog: in Miami.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (firm)
dialog: Frankie, you're a good old man, and
dialog: you've been loyal to my Father for
dialog: years...so I hope you can explain
dialog: what you mean.
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: The Rosatos are running crazy;
dialog: taking hostages, spitting in my
dialog: face, because they're backed by the
dialog: Jew in Miami.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I know. That's why I want you to
dialog: be fair with them.
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: How can you be fair with animals?
text: They recruit niggers and spicks;
dialog: they do violence in their own
dialog: Grandmother's neighborhoods. And
dialog: everything is dope and whores; the
dialog: gambling is left to last. Let me
dialog: run my family without you on my
dialog: back. I want them taken care of.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: No. There are things that I have
dialog: planned with Hyman Roth. I don't
dialog: want them disturbed.
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: You give your loyalty to a Jew over
dialog: your own blood.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Frankie, you know my father
dialog: respected Roth, did business with
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: He did business...but he never
dialog: trusted him.
text: Pentangeli takes his hat, and leaves.
speaker_heading: NERI
dialog: Should he go?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: The old man had too much vino
dialog: rosso, or he'd never talk openly
dialog: that way. Let him go back to New
dialog: York; I've already made my plans.
dialog: (he checks his watch)
dialog: It's late; I've spent so little
text: time at the party.
scene_heading: EXT. THE LAWNS AND TABLES - FULL VIEW - NIGHT
text: By now the sun has fallen and the lawns of the Corleone
text: estate are lit by moonlight. Beautifully dressed couples
text: dance as the orchestra plays a foxtrot of the late fifties.
scene_heading: VIEW ON THE DANCE FLOOR
text: Deanna has been dancing with Fredo; she has gotten drunk and
text: it teasing her husband by flirting with other men on the
dialog: floor.
speaker_heading: DEANNA
dialog: I wanta dance...whatsa matter with
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: Dancing is alright; you're falling
text: on the floor.
speaker_heading: DEANNA
dialog: Whatsamatter, you don't want me to
dialog: dance with him 'cause he's a man!
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: Deanna, I'm going to belt you right
dialog: in the mouth!
speaker_heading: DEANNA
dialog: These Eye-ties are really crazy
dialog: when it comes to their wives.
text: By now guests are starting to notice the disturbance;
text: Michael is with Kay, and some friends; Rocco catches his eye.
speaker_heading: DEANNA (O.S.)
dialog: Jesus, never marry a WOP, they
dialog: treat their wives like shit.
text: VIEW on Kay, listening, embarrassed by her flashy sister-in-
dialog: law.
scene_heading: VIEW ON FREDO AND DEANNA
text: Rocco passes by Fredo and whispers:
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: Freddie, Mike says take care of it,
dialog: or I have to.
speaker_heading: DEANNA
dialog: He's a friend of your brother!
text: Without another word, Rocco grabs firm hold of her and
text: whisks her out of the crowd.
speaker_heading: DEANNA
dialog: "Shuffle off to Buffa...
dialog: Shuffle off to Buffa...
dialog: Shuffle off to Buffalooooo..."
text: Freddie mops his forehead, and moves to Michael.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: Hey Mike, what can I say?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Forget it, just go take care of her.
scene_heading: EXT. THE HARBOR DECK - NIGHT
text: A large group of Tahoe teenagers join the Corleone youngsters
text: sitting around a large fire out by the harbor. Gardner and
text: Francie, sitting arm in arm.
scene_heading: EXT. TABLE OF HONOR - MED. VIEW - NIGHT
text: Little Anthony, in his white suit, sitting alone.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN GATE - NIGHT
text: A taxi pulls up, and is signaled over to the gate by a
text: policeman carrying a torch flashlight.
text: Connie and Merle enter; Merle tips the cop, and the cab
text: drives off.
scene_heading: EXT. DANCE FLOOR AND PAVILION - MOVING TWO SHOT - NIGHT
text: Kay and Michael dancing in the moonlight.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: How's the baby?
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Sleeping inside me.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Does it feel like a boy?
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Yes, Michael, it does.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I'm sorry about some of the people
dialog: I had to see today. It was bad
dialog: timing... but it couldn't be helped.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: It made me think of what you told
dialog: me once. In five years, the
dialog: Corleone family will be completely
dialog: legitimate. That was seven years
dialog: ago.
dialog: He has no answer for her; except that he loves and values
text: her, and holds her tight, as they dance amid their guests,
text: all dressed elegantly for the social event of the season.
text: The VIEW LOOSENS to show the entire, night-lit party.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LAS VEGAS CHAPEL - MED. CLOSE VIEW - NIGHT
text: A Cadillac limousine waits for some people inside the tacky,
dialog: Las Vegas marriage mill.
scene_heading: INT. THE CHAPEL - NIGHT
text: Some quiet, informally dressed couples wait in the rear of
text: the chapel; some talking, others sitting nervously.
text: A single organ plays some standard wedding music.
text: The VIEW PANS up to the altar, where Connie and Merle, in
text: the same clothing they wore to the Tahoe party, are being
dialog: married by a Justice of the Peace.
text: The Justice goes through the bored, simple ceremony, and we
text: begin to HEAR an echo of the waltz Connie danced with her
dialog: father, when she was married all those years ago in Long
dialog: Island.
scene_heading: EXT. THE TROPICANA - LAS VEGAS - MED. VIEW - DAY
text: A dark car pulls up to the glitter of the neon facade.
text: Albert Neri, alone, leaves it to the parking valets, and
text: moves quickly through the automatic doors, into the main
text: casino. We still hear the CORLEONE WALTZ.
scene_heading: INT. THE TROPICANA - DAY
text: Albert Neri enters the room; glances around a moment, and
text: then heads toward the crap table, where a short, middle-aged
text: man, KLINGMAN, stands by the pit boss. Several security
text: guards of the casino, are at their posts.
speaker_heading: NERI
dialog: Are you Klingman?
speaker_heading: KLINGMAN
dialog: Who's asking?
speaker_heading: NERI
dialog: Where can we talk?
speaker_heading: KLINGMAN
dialog: Right here.
speaker_heading: NERI
dialog: I represent the interests of the
dialog: Corleone family. We make the
dialog: invitation to you to tie up your
dialog: affairs and be out of the hotel by
dialog: Monday morning.
speaker_heading: KLINGMAN
dialog: Who do you think you're talking to?
speaker_heading: NERI
dialog: You said you were Klingman.
speaker_heading: KLINGMAN
dialog: You don't come in here, talk to an
dialog: owner in Las Vegas like that.
speaker_heading: NERI
dialog: You missed my point; you are no
dialog: longer an owner.
speaker_heading: KLINGMAN
dialog: Get out of my hotel.
text: Neri stands in front of him, smiling.
speaker_heading: KLINGMAN
dialog: Boys, get him out of here.
text: Quickly, Neri moves toward Klingman, and slaps him hard
text: several times in the face, knocking off his glasses... Red-
text: faced, Klingman gets down on his knees to pick them up once,
text: again. Glasses on, he looks to his guards.
speaker_heading: WHAT HE SEES
text: They stand, motionless.
scene_heading: VIEW ON KLINGMAN
text: Humiliated, Klingman moves across the casino floor, past a
text: few interested gamblers, and his own people. Neri slowly
text: follows.
scene_heading: INT. SHOWROOM - MED. VIEW - DAY
text: A typical, Lido de Paris type of show is in rehearsal, as
text: Klingman backs into the showroom.
speaker_heading: HIS VIEW
text: Neri keeps coming.
scene_heading: VIEW ON KLINGMAN
text: realizes that no one will help him. He finally capitulates.
speaker_heading: KLINGMAN
dialog: All right! All right, I'll be out.
text: Neri keeps moving, then heads past the terrified man, sits
text: down at a table, and looks up at the stage.
speaker_heading: NERI
dialog: (to the staring performers)
dialog: Keep it going.
scene_heading: EXT. A STREET IN BUFFALO, NEW YORK - NIGHT
text: The neon lights that spell out "FRED'S PIZZERIA" go out;
text: after a moment a man in an overcoat steps out, and turns to
text: lock the door of his restaurant. The Corleone Waltz
text: continues over this. He turns.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE VIEW
dialog: FRED VINCENT, whom we remember as the Sicilian Fabrizzio.
text: He moves toward his parked car. Gets in.
scene_heading: MED. LONG VIEW
text: The starter turns, and the automobile blows in a great
dialog: explosion.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE TAHOE ESTATE - NIGHT
text: The waltz continues over the VIEW of the empty, but still
text: illuminated pavilion. There is the debris of the great
text: party spread over the grounds, which a silent crew of
text: workmen are at work cleaning up,
speaker_heading: MED. VIEW
text: Michael walks alone, followed by two of the family dogs,
dialog: Irish Setters.
text: He walks to the water line, and looks out across the lake.
text: He picks up a stick, and throws it for the dogs; who go
text: scampering after it.
text: We notice that a respectful distance away, there are
text: bodyguards watching every move he makes.
scene_heading: CLOSE VIEW ON MICHAEL
text: looking across the lake. There is much on his mind. The
text: SOUND of the waltz, begins to segue into the echoed music
text: and laughter of an old Italian Music Hall from the past.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. NEW YORK THEATRE - 1915 - NIGHT
text: VITO CORLEONE is a shy young man of 23, holding his hat in
text: his hand, being led down the crowded aisle of this Italian
text: Vaudeville theatre by an energetic and fulfilled GENCO
text: ABBANDANDO, his friend in America. This entire sequence is
dialog: played in Sicilian.
speaker_heading: GENCO
dialog: Come on, you've got to see her!
text: VIEW ON THE STAGE
text: A tattered melodrama is in progress in Neapolitan. The sets
text: are two-dimensional, and flap whenever there's an entrance
dialog: or exit.
text: The hero, PEPPINO, is weeping as he sings about how he's
dialog: left his Mother in Italy, while he is in this new country,
dialog: America.
text: VIEW ON THE AUDIENCE
text: All poor, Italo-Americans. Genco finds a few seats, and
text: leads Vito to them, stepping on a few shoes in the process.
text: They have barely come to their seats, when an excited Genco
text: nudges Vito, and points to the stage. People shout that
dialog: they should sit down.
text: VIEW ON THE STAGE
text: There is a knock on the door, and a young girl enters,
text: delivering a letter to Peppino in his tenement in America.
text: The girl is pretty; and obviously the object of Genco's
text: affection. The letter brings bad news. Peppino's Mother is
text: dead. He weeps, and sings the final song, which most of the
text: audience knows: SENZA MAMMA.
text: VIEW ON THE AUDIENCE
text: Genco is enthralled with the young actress. The people in
text: the audience are singing along with Peppino.
text: VIEW ON THE STAGE
text: The actress, object of Genco's affection, makes a dramatic
dialog: exit.
text: VIEW ON THE AUDIENCE
text: Genco pulls on Vito's jacket, indicating that now that his
text: love is offstage, they should leave. Vito rises with him,
text: and they make their way all the way down the aisle.
scene_heading: INT. BACKSTAGE THEATRE - MOVING VIEW - NIGHT
text: Genco hurrying down the backstage corridor, hoping to catch
text: a glimpse of the actress. He is followed by Vito. Suddenly,
text: Genco stops short.
speaker_heading: GENCO'S VIEW
text: A heavy-set, fierce looking Italian wearing an expensive
text: light-colored suit and a cream colored fedora. This is
text: FANUCCI. He is discussing a business matter with the
text: theatre IMPRESARIO; a large, strong looking man, who is
text: sweating nonetheless. He doesn't seem to be giving in to
text: Fanucci. He holds a locked strongbox.
speaker_heading: VIEW ON VITO
text: watching. The two men argue in Italian.
speaker_heading: MED. VIEW
text: The young ACTRESS crosses into the area, unaware of the
text: difficulties. The impresario sees her, and frightened,
dialog: motions that she should keep away.
speaker_heading: IMPRESARIO
dialog: Carla!
text: But Fanucci grabs her easily by her slender wrist, and with
text: lightning speed, produces a knife which he holds against her
text: cheek. The impresario wrings his hands in agony.
speaker_heading: IMPRESARIO
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: No...please, not my daughter.
text: Whereupon he begins to unlock the box which holds the
text: receipts for the night's box-office.
scene_heading: VIEW ON GENCO AND VITO
text: hiding, watching. At first, Genco is enraged, as though he
text: would rush up to help his enamorata.
speaker_heading: GENCO
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: The Black Hand.
text: Then he backs away. Vito looks at him shocked and
text: disappointed in this cowardly behavior. Genco shakes his
text: head, and points, as though to say that where Fanucci is
dialog: concerned, there is nothing to be done.
speaker_heading: GENCO
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: (whispered)
dialog: Let's get out of here.
speaker_heading: VIEW ON FANUCCI
text: has released the girl. Her father pulls her away from him,
text: and slaps her for no reason; then he pays Fanucci.
speaker_heading: FANUCCI
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: Because you protested, it will cost
dialog: a hundred more.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK ALLEY - NIGHT
text: Genco and Vito; Genco leans against the wall, breathlessly,
text: as though he's had a near escape.
speaker_heading: GENCO
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: I know what you are thinking,
dialog: Vitone, but you don't understand
dialog: yet how things are. Fanucci is of
dialog: the Black Hand. Everyone in the
dialog: neighborhood pays him, even my
dialog: father.
speaker_heading: VITO
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: He's an Italian?
speaker_heading: GENCO
dialog: (Sicilian)
text: A pig of a Neaponitan.
dialog: (spits)
speaker_heading: VITO
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: Why? Why does he bother other
dialog: Italians?
speaker_heading: GENCO
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: Because he knows them; he knows
dialog: they have no one to protect them.
dialog: Vitone? What do you think of my
dialog: angel?
speaker_heading: VITO
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: Beautiful.
speaker_heading: GENCO
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: Beautiful.
speaker_heading: VITO
dialog: For you, she is beautiful. For me,
dialog: there is only my wife!
speaker_heading: GENCO
dialog: I know. That's why I brought you
dialog: with me!
text: Genco embraces his good friend, and they laughingly walk
text: down the alley.
text: The stage door opens, and Fanucci exits, a sinister figure
text: in white, moving down the alley just in front of them, into
dialog: the night.
text: The two friends hold their breath, until he disappears.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK STREETS - MOVING VIEW - DAY
text: Vito moves through the street, carrying groceries that he is
dialog: to deliver.
text: It is cold, and so vendors are huddled around fires they
text: have lit in old cans and drums.
text: He turns up an alleyway, and then stops.
text: VIEW UP THE ALLEY
text: With great strength, Fanucci lifts one of them up into the
text: air and throws him down hard to the concrete; but another,
text: holding onto his back, manages to produce a switchblade
text: knife and awkwardly reaching around from behind the moving
text: man, slits Fanucci's throat from one side to the other.
text: Fanucci groans like some great hurt animal. Blood pours
text: from the deep, smile-like slit in his throat.
text: He throws the young man off his back.
speaker_heading: VIEW ON VITO
text: stepping back in the alley.
speaker_heading: VIEW ON FANUCCI
text: He takes off his white fedora, and runs down the alley
text: toward Vito, catching the flowing blood in his hat.
text: The young attackers scurry off in various directions.
scene_heading: INT. ABBANDANDO GROCERY STORE - DAY
text: A tiny shop featuring imported food: trays of cured meats,
text: prosciutto, copagole, mortadella lies on the counter covered
text: with netting to keep away the thousands of flies.
text: Olive oil is sold in bulk, as well as wine, cheese and bacala.
text: Genco works here for his father, and is busy slicing paper
text: thin prosciutto for a customer, by hand. Vito works in the
text: back as a stock clerk.
text: Finished with his customer, Genco moves to his friend.
speaker_heading: GENCO
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: I bet you can't guess what happened?
speaker_heading: VITO
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: GENCO
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: Some guys from Ninth Avenue jumped
dialog: Fanucci today; slit his throat from
text: ear to ear.
speaker_heading: VITO
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: No, I didn't know. Is he dead?
speaker_heading: GENCO
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: Nah. Those guys aren't murderers.
dialog: They wanted to scare him, that's
dialog: all. Make him look bad.
speaker_heading: VITO
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: In Sicily, when you attack a man,
dialog: you had better finish him.
speaker_heading: GENCO
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: I wish they had. He takes fifty
dialog: dollars a week from my father's
dialog: cash drawer. But you can't kill a
dialog: man like Fanucci.
speaker_heading: VITO
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: GENCO
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: Because he's what we say...
dialog: "connected"... You wait, see what
dialog: happens to those guys from Ninth
dialog: Avenue.
text: A customer enters; and Genco moves away to serve him.
scene_heading: CLOSE VIEW ON VITO
text: recalling what he had seen and thought.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK ALLEYWAY - MED. VIEW - NIGHT
text: A young man, one of those who had tried to kill Fanucci,
text: runs down an alleyway, breathlessly. Then he stops, and
text: looks behind himself. Whoever was following him is gone.
text: He turns and walks ahead. Then the mammoth, white-suited
text: figure of Fanucci leaps down before him from the fire-escape.
text: He grins at the young man, and then raises his neck, showing
text: the gruesome wound that marks his throat.
text: He takes out his pistol and fires point-blank at his attacker.
scene_heading: INT. TINY TENEMENT - FULL VIEW - NIGHT
text: The very small, railroad type flat where Vito lives with his
dialog: new family.
text: It is late at night, and he is exhausted.
text: He returns home; where his young wife, CARMELLA, goes
text: through the silent ritual of preparing a simple meal for him.
text: He sits and eats quietly.
scene_heading: INT. TENEMENT ROOM - NIGHT
text: Vito and Carmella enter the darkened bedroom, and approach a
text: metal crib. Vito reaches down and takes the small hand of
text: the baby between his thick peasant fingers. Carmella waits
text: a respectful distance behind him.
scene_heading: INT. ABBANDANDO GROCERY - DAY
text: The shop bell RINGS; SINGER ABBANDANDO turns to see a
text: smiling Fanucci tipping his hat, like an old customer.
speaker_heading: FANUCCI
dialog: Buon giorno.
text: Immediately, Vito turns back to his work, and Signor
text: Abbandando moves to Fanucci with a sigh.
text: Vito notices the two men talking quietly at one side of the
text: store, while he goes about his work. Genco works his way
text: closer to his friend.
speaker_heading: GENCO
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: What did I tell you. The one who
text: cut him was found in an alley. And
dialog: the family of the others paid
dialog: Fanucci all their savings to make
text: him forswear his vengeance.
speaker_heading: VITO
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: And he agreed?
speaker_heading: GENCO
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: He took the money. Now he wants
dialog: double from everybody in the
dialog: neighborhood, including Papa.
text: Vito watches the heated, but inevitable transaction.
speaker_heading: VITO
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: (almost to himself)
dialog: A real mafioso doesn't sell his
dialog: vengeance.
speaker_heading: MED. VIEW
text: Signor Abbandando seems to be arguing with Fanucci, and
text: every so often they turn and relate to where Vito is working.
text: Then Fanucci leaves, the little bell RINGING; and Signor
text: Abbandando reluctantly moves to Vito.
scene_heading: SIG. ABBANDANDO
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: Vitone. How is your son?
speaker_heading: VITO
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: We are all well.
text: It is clear that he has something difficult to tell the
text: young man.
scene_heading: SIG. ABBANDANDO
dialog: Vitone...I...Fanucci has a nephew.
text: Vito looks at him a while, as the old man struggles to tell
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: VITO
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: And you must give him my job.
text: The old man nods, regretfully.
speaker_heading: VITO
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: You have been kind to me since I
dialog: was a boy; taken care of me, and
dialog: been as a father. I will always be
dialog: grateful to you. Thank you.
text: Vito takes off his apron, and leaves, passing the youth who
text: loiters by the counter.
scene_heading: EXT. THE STREET - DAY
text: making his way from the store.
scene_heading: SIG. ABBANDANDO
dialog: (Sicilian o.s.)
dialog: Vitone!
text: He turns, and Abbandando has followed him out of the shop,
text: holding a basket of some groceries.
scene_heading: SIG. ABBANDANDO
dialog: Here...for your family.
speaker_heading: VITO
dialog: No...please understand...I cannot
dialog: accept.
scene_heading: INT. VITO'S TENEMENT - MED. VIEW - NIGHT
text: Vito and his wife sit quietly at the table; the two are
text: quiet and sad.
text: Suddenly, we HEAR a noise, and Vito is astonished to see a
text: young man, PETER CLEMENZA, leaning out of the window on the
text: other side of the air shaft which separates their apartments.
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: Hey Paisan! Hold this for me until
dialog: I ask for it. Hurry up!
text: Automatically Vito reaches over to the empty space at the
text: air shaft, and takes the bundle of rags. Clemenza's round
text: face is strained and urgent, obviously in some kind of
text: trouble. Suddenly, he closes the window and there is
text: activity that we cannot see in the other apartment.
text: Vito looks to his wife, and then closes the window and
text: window dressing and takes the bundle into a private part of
text: his kitchen and begins to unwrap it.
speaker_heading: WHAT HE SEES:
text: Five oily guns. He immediately wraps them again, and
text: carries them to a private closet, and hides it, and returns
text: to his wife. He sits down back at the table; and she knows
dialog: not to ask him what has happened.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK STREETS - DAY
text: Vito is walking through the crowded streets with a group of
text: workmen; they all wear work clothes, and paper hats on their
dialog: heads.
text: Vito looks to his left, and realizes that Clemenza is
text: walking silently with him; by contrast, Clemenza dresses well.
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: (casually)
dialog: Do you have my goods still?
text: Vito nods.
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: Did you look inside?
text: Vito, his face impassive, shakes his head 'no.'
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: I'm not interested in things that
dialog: don't concern me.
scene_heading: INT. DOWNTOWN ITALIAN SOCIAL CLUB - DAY
text: Vito and Clemenza drinking wine; they've become friends.
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: I have a friend who has a fine rug.
dialog: Maybe your wife would like it.
speaker_heading: VITO
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: We have no money for a rug.
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: No. He would give it away. I know
dialog: how to repay a consideration.
text: Vito thinks, then nods.
speaker_heading: VITO
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: She would like it.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY WEALTHY APARTMENT BUILDING - DAY
text: The two men proceed up the hallway; Vito is impressed with
dialog: the opulence.
speaker_heading: VITO
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: Your friend lives in a fine building.
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: Oh yes, the very best.
text: Clemenza knocks on the door as though he is well known here;
text: then rings. No answer.
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: Ah, he's not at home. Oh, well, he
dialog: wouldn't mind.
text: Quickly and expertly he takes out a tool and pries open the
dialog: door.
scene_heading: INT. WEALTHY APARTMENT - FULL VIEW - DAY
text: Vito looks in awe at the luxurious apartment, which features
text: a fabulous rich red wool rug.
text: Clemenza immediately moves some of the furniture away, and
text: drops to the floor.
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: A little help.
text: Vito joins him, and the two begin rolling the rug. We HEAR
text: a BUZZER RING. Clemenza immediately drops his side of the
text: roll, and moves to the window. He pulls a gun from his
dialog: jacket.
text: VIEW ON Vito watching. He moves so he can see out the window.
speaker_heading: THEIR VIEW
text: A Policeman stands at the exterior door, waiting. He rings
text: the buzzer again.
scene_heading: VIEW ON CLEMENZA
text: cocking his gun. Vito realizes that if the Policeman should
text: pursue it any further he is a dead man. The Policeman gives
text: up and leaves.
text: Clemenza puts away his gun.
scene_heading: INT. VITO'S TENEMENT HALLWAY - DAY
text: The two men run up the steps, laughing, carrying the fine rug.
scene_heading: INT. VITO'S TENEMENT - DAY
text: They are on their knees cutting the rug to fit the small
text: room. Carmella watches, holding the baby SANTINO.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE ON CLEMENZA
text: Like a professional, cutting quickly, with the proper tools.
text: He sings as he works.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. DOWNTOWN WAREHOUSE - NIGHT
text: Clemenza knocks on the steel door of this downtown building.
text: Vito waits with him, holding some packages; and another
text: youth, TESSIO, tall and thin and deadly waits with them.
text: The door is lifted, and they are greeted by a bright,
text: middle-aged Italian named AUGUSTINO who leads them into a
dialog: machine shop.
scene_heading: INT. MACHINE SHOP - NIGHT
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: Good, you waited for us.
text: Clemenza looks up on a higher level.
speaker_heading: HIS VIEW
text: There is a nine year old boy, operating a drill press.
speaker_heading: MED. VIEW
speaker_heading: TESSIO
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: Who is he?
speaker_heading: AUGUSTINO
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: My son, Carmine...it's all right.
text: The men then quickly open the packages they've brought;
text: revealing gun, including a more sophisticated machine weapon.
text: Augustino takes them and expertly begins to clean and
dialog: prepare them.
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: (to Vito)
dialog: Paisan Augustino was a gunsmith in
dialog: the Italian army. We do each other
dialog: favors.
speaker_heading: AUGUSTINO
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: (while he works)
dialog: My boy is studying the flute. He
dialog: plays very well. He helps me at
dialog: night so we can buy him a silver
dialog: flute someday. Now he has one made
dialog: of wood. Carmine...play...play for
dialog: my friends.
text: VIEW ON THE BOY
text: wide-eyed... he shuts off the press; and takes out a shabby
text: wooden flute. And begins to play a simple and pure melody.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON VITO
dialog: listening.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON AUGUSTINO
text: proudly smiling, as he prepares the machine gun.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON TESSIO
text: listening, smiling.
speaker_heading: FULL VIEW
text: The men listening, as the boy's father prepares their guns.
scene_heading: EXT. WAREHOUSE AREA - NIGHT
text: Tessio and Clemenza quickly load racks of cheap dresses.
text: Vito sits behind the wheel of the truck. He seems reserved,
text: and we get the impression that he is studying every move his
text: two friends are making.
scene_heading: INT. TENEMENT STAIRS - DAY
text: Clemenza runs up a flight of stairs with an armful of
text: dresses. He knocks on a door, and a pretty HOUSEWIFE answers.
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: Lady, I got a bargain on these
dialog: dresses. Five dollars each. You
dialog: gotta pay at least fifteen, maybe
dialog: twenty in a store. Look at them,
dialog: first class.
text: He holds the dresses up and the woman seems interested. She
text: handles a couple of them and stands aside so Clemenza can
text: enter her apartment.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: I don't know which one I like best.
text: She holds the dresses against her body, Clemenza approving
text: of each one; and then she goes to her purse and takes out
text: five singles and gives them to him.
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: You'd look beautiful in all of
dialog: these. You should buy at least two.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: Are you kidding? My husband will
dialog: kill me if he knows I paid five
dialog: dollars for one dress.
text: She holds one up, then another. She is torn. Clemenza
text: shakes his head and straightens the dress on her body. His
text: hand brushes her arm; she looks at him smiling.
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: You can have two for five.
text: She smiles back.
scene_heading: EXT. TENEMENT BUILDING - DAY
text: Clemenza jumps down the stairs, and out to the middle of the
text: street, where Vito and Tessio are waiting in the car with
dialog: some of the stock.
speaker_heading: TESSIO
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: What took so long?
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: She couldn't decide.
text: Tessio and Clemenza each take more armsful of dresses and
dialog: divide the neighborhood.
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: Vito, take the rest of the stock
dialog: over to Dandine's warehouse; he'll
dialog: move it to a wholesaler.
text: The three part. Vito drives the truck off.
speaker_heading: MOVING VIEW
text: Vito drives the truck through the downtown streets; he turns
text: a corner and stops for a light.
text: Suddenly, to his left, he sees the formidable figure of
dialog: Fanucci.
text: He grabs young Corleone by the shoulder.
speaker_heading: CLOSE VIEW ON FANUCCI
text: frightening, revealing the large circular scar, now healed.
speaker_heading: FANUCCI
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: Ahhh, young fellow. People tell me
dialog: you're rich, you and your two
dialog: friends. Yet, you don't show
dialog: enough respect to send a few
dialog: dresses to my home. You know I
dialog: have three daughters.
text: Vito says nothing. Fanucci thumbs through the stock.
speaker_heading: FANUCCI
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: This is my neighborhood. You and
dialog: your friends have to show me a
dialog: little respect, ah? This truck you
dialog: hijacked was in my neighborhood.
dialog: You should let me wet my beak a
dialog: little.
text: Fanucci takes a few of the dresses.
speaker_heading: FANUCCI
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: I understand each of you cleared
dialog: around six hundred dollars. I
dialog: expect two hundred dollars for my
dialog: protection and I'll forget the
dialog: insult. After all, young people
dialog: don't know the courtesies due a man
dialog: like myself.
text: Vito smiles at him and nods.
speaker_heading: FANUCCI
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: Otherwise the police will come to
dialog: see you and your wife and children
text: will be dishonored and destitute.
dialog: Of course, if my information as to
dialog: your gains is incorrect, I'll dip
dialog: my beak just a little. Just a
dialog: little, but no less than one
dialog: hundred dollars, and don't try to
dialog: deceive me, eh paisan?
speaker_heading: VITO
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: My two friends have my share of the
dialog: money. I'll have to speak to them
dialog: after we deliver these to the
dialog: wholesaler.
speaker_heading: FANUCCI
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: You tell your friends I expect them
dialog: to let me wet my beak in the same
dialog: manner. Don't be afraid to tell
dialog: them. Clemenza and I know each
dialog: other well, he understands these
dialog: things. Let yourself be guided by
dialog: him. He has more experience in
dialog: these matters.
speaker_heading: VITO
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: (shrugging innocently)
dialog: You must understand, this is all
dialog: new to me...
speaker_heading: FANUCCI
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: I understand...
speaker_heading: VITO
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: But thank you for speaking to me as
dialog: a Godfather.
speaker_heading: FANUCCI
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: (impressed)
dialog: You're a good fellow.
text: He takes Vito's hands and clasps them in his own.
speaker_heading: FANUCCI
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: You have respect. A fine thing in
dialog: the young. Next time, speak to me
dialog: first, eh? Perhaps I can help you
dialog: make your plans.
text: Fanucci turns with the dresses draped over his arms, waving
dialog: to Vito.
text: Vito throws the truck in gear, and drives off.
scene_heading: CLOSE VIEW ON VITO
text: We know that throughout this encounter he has seethed with
text: an icy rage.
scene_heading: INT. VITO'S APARTMENT - MED. VIEW - NIGHT
text: He wife serves a dinner for her husband and his two friends.
text: They discuss Fanucci as they eat.
speaker_heading: TESSIO
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: Do you think he'd be satisfied with
dialog: the two hundred dollars? I think
dialog: he would.
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: That scar-faced bastard will find
dialog: out what we got from the wholesaler.
dialog: He won't take a dime less than
dialog: three hundred dollars.
speaker_heading: TESSIO
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: What if we don't pay?
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: (gestures, it's hopeless)
dialog: You know his friends...real animals.
dialog: And his connections with the police.
dialog: Sure he'd like us to tell him our
dialog: plans so he can set us up for the
text: cops and earn their gratitude.
dialog: Then they would owe him a favor;
dialog: that's how he operates. We'll have
dialog: to pay. Three hundred, are we
dialog: agreed?
speaker_heading: TESSIO
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: What can we do?
text: Clemenza doesn't even bother checking for Vito's opinion.
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: They say Fanucci has a license from
dialog: Maranzalla himself to work this
dialog: neighborhood.
speaker_heading: VITO
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: If you like, why not give me fifty
dialog: dollars each to pay Fanucci. I
dialog: guarantee he will accept that
dialog: amount from me.
speaker_heading: TESSIO
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: When Fanucci says two hundred he
dialog: means two hundred. You can't talk
dialog: with him.
speaker_heading: VITO
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: I'll reason with him. Leave
dialog: everything in my hands. I'll
dialog: settle this problem to your
dialog: satisfaction.
text: Tessio and Clemenza regard him suspiciously.
speaker_heading: VITO
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: I never lie to people I've accepted
dialog: as my friends. Speak to Fanucci
dialog: yourself tomorrow. Let him ask you
dialog: for the money, but don't pay it,
dialog: and don't in any way quarrel with
dialog: him. Tell him you have to get the
dialog: money and will send me as your
dialog: messenger. Let him understand that
dialog: you're willing to pay what he asks,
dialog: don't bargain. I'll go to his
text: house, and quarrel with him. He
dialog: likes me; enjoys explaining how
dialog: things are here. He uses ten
dialog: sentences when he only needs one,
dialog: so while he talks, I'll kill him.
text: Clemenza, irritated, makes a large belch, and washes his
dialog: food down with wine.
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: Vitone!
dialog: (to Tessio)
dialog: Our driver has drunk too much wine.
speaker_heading: TESSIO
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: (laughs at himself)
dialog: He's going to kill Fanucci.
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: (stern)
dialog: Then, after that, what? Joe
dialog: 'Little Knife' Pisani; Willie
dialog: Bufalino, maybe, Mr. Maranzalla
dialog: himself, c'mon!
speaker_heading: VITO
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: Fanucci is not connected; he is
dialog: alone.
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: (sarcastically)
dialog: What? You read it in the papers?
speaker_heading: VITO
dialog: (Sicilian)
text: This man informs to the police;
dialog: this man allows his vengeance to be
dialog: bought off... No, he is alone.
speaker_heading: TESSIO
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: If you're wrong...
speaker_heading: VITO
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: If I'm wrong, they will kill me.
text: Both Clemenza and Tessio are impressed with their young
dialog: friend; his willingness to risk his life on his perception
dialog: of the situation.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK STREET - MED. VIEW - NIGHT
text: A ten piece Italian street band plays in front of the church
text: to commemorate the first night of the Festa di San Gennaro.
text: People swarm in crowds, delighted by the music, as out of
text: the church four men carry the statue of San Gennaro down to
dialog: the street.
speaker_heading: MOVING VIEW
text: Clemenza moves along the booths that have been set up along
text: the street: sausage cooking on an open fire; pork livers and
text: sweetbeards. He stops for a sandwich, and makes an irritated
text: gesture when the vendor expects to be paid. He crosses to a
text: church-sponsored booth with a great Wheel of Fortune, and
text: slaps a dollar on a number. Standing next to him is Vito;
text: they embrace.
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: All three daughters are at church;
dialog: he is alone. It's important that
dialog: you let his neighbors see you leave.
text: Tessio has broken the latch on the
text: skylight of his building.
text: The wheel stops; they both lose.
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: (English)
dialog: See, Brother Carmello, even the
dialog: church makes numbers.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: (English)
dialog: It's only the way we collect that's
dialog: different.
text: Vito has left while Clemenza jokes with the Priest.
scene_heading: EXT. FESTA STREET - NIGHT
text: Vito passes the booths of food, crossing toward a small and
dialog: dark club.
scene_heading: INT. SOCIAL CLUB - NIGHT
text: We can still HEAR the crowds and music of the festa. Vito
text: enters; the club is empty, except for the large white figure
text: sitting alone at a small table. Fanucci barely acknowledges
text: Vito as he joins him.
text: Without a word, Vito counts out two hundred dollars on the
text: table. Fanucci looks, then takes off his fedora and puts it
text: on the table over the money.
speaker_heading: FANUCCI
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: I think there's only two hundred
dialog: dollars under my hat.
dialog: (he peeks)
dialog: I'm right. Only two hundred dollars.
speaker_heading: VITO
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: I'm a little short. I've been out
dialog: of work. Let me owe you the money
dialog: for a few weeks.
speaker_heading: FANUCCI
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: Ah, you're a sharp young fellow.
dialog: How is it I've never noticed you
dialog: before
dialog: (he takes the two
dialog: hundred and pours
dialog: some wine for Vito)
dialog: You're too quiet for your own
dialog: interest. I could find some work
dialog: for you to do that would be very
dialog: profitable.
dialog: (he rises)
dialog: No hard feelings, eh? If I can
dialog: ever do you a service let me know.
dialog: You've done a good job for yourself
dialog: tonight.
scene_heading: EXT. FESTA STREET - MED. VIEW - NIGHT
text: By now the musicians have left, but still families are
text: walking the street, and stopping at the booths.
text: Fanucci stands there a moment; he is known by everyone, and
dialog: considers himself highly loved.
text: Then Fanucci begins the walk through the festa, on his way
dialog: home.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOFTOPS - MOVING VIEW - NIGHT
text: Vito silently moves along the rooftop; paralleling Fanucci's
dialog: walk.
dialog: We HEAR the sounds of the festa, and every so often catch a
text: glimpse of the patterned lights, and the crowds below.
scene_heading: EXT. FESTA STREETS - MOVING VIEW ON FANUCCI - NIGHT
text: walking through the crowded streets. The statue of San
text: Gennaro is arranged in some midnight religious ceremony.
text: The VIEW LIFTS UP, to the rooftops.
scene_heading: EXT. THE ROOFTOPS - NIGHT
text: Vito makes the leap that separates two buildings; then
text: crosses toward the large skylight in the center of the
dialog: building.
scene_heading: EXT. THE STREETS - NIGHT
text: The procession in the streets is preceded by ten altar boys;
text: and the glittering Monstrance, something of an altar carried
text: out into the streets.
text: The priest begins this nocturnal service, as the crowds in
text: the street kneel down in prayer.
scene_heading: INT. FANUCCI'S BUILDING - NIGHT
text: Fanucci unlocks the door to his building; we can HEAR the
text: services in the background.
scene_heading: EXT. THE ROOFTOP - NIGHT
text: Vito tries the trap door on the roof; it is stuck firmly
text: shut; despite Clemenza's instructions. He struggles with
dialog: it, but no luck.
text: From the distance, the Choir begins to Latin. Vito moves
text: around the skylight, to an identical trap, tries this one;
text: it opens.
scene_heading: EXT. THE MONSTRANCE - MED. VIEW ON THE PRIEST - NIGHT
text: performing the services in Latin. The ten altar boys are in
dialog: attendance.
scene_heading: EXT. THE ROOFTOP - NIGHT
text: Vito reaches down into the trap, and pulls out the newly
text: oiled gun that has been left for him. He slides down into
dialog: the building.
scene_heading: INT. FANUCCI'S HALLWAY - DOWN ANGLE - NIGHT
text: Fanucci proceeds up the staircase with loud, heavy steps.
text: An OLD WOMAN on one of the flights sees him, and immediately
text: moves to her apartment.
speaker_heading: FANUCCI
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: What's the matter, Signora? You
dialog: don't say 'good evening'?
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: 'Good evening,' Signor Fanucci.
text: She quickly disappears behind her door. Fanucci laughs,
text: continues up, singing to himself. The MASS outside is
dialog: always in evidence.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Vito climbs down from the attic, and finds Fanucci's rear
text: door open. He slips in, and makes his way past the open
text: windows, out of which pour the music and chanting of the
text: Mass. Slowly and quietly he pulls them down, shut.
text: He moves quietly to a glass door, and peeks out.
speaker_heading: WHAT HE SEES:
text: Three young women, Fanucci's DAUGHTERS, laughing and talking.
speaker_heading: VIEW ON VITO
text: A slip up. Tessio had said they were out. He steps outside
text: to the alley where he can look into the apartment.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER VIEW
text: Fanucci opens the door of his apartment, and enters.
scene_heading: CLOSE VIEW ON VITO
text: He begins to wrap the gun.
text: VIEW ON THE DAUGHTERS
text: Their father greets them with a kiss; and a little religious
dialog: gift he has bought for each.
text: CLOSE ON THE GUN
text: wrapped in this primitive method of a silencer. The VIEW
text: TILTS to Vito, caught in the dilemma of having to kill all
text: or none of them. Then something catches his eye.
speaker_heading: WHAT HE SEES:
text: A small gray alley cat is attracted to the young man, comes
text: up to him and rubs itself against him. Vito rubs the
text: animal, speaking softly in Sicilian, then, gaining its
text: confidence, lifts it up and carefully lets it into Fanucci's
dialog: apartment.
text: He steps back, holding the gun. We HEAR some Italian
text: shouted in the house; a loud sound from the cat, and some of
text: the thumping footsteps of Fanucci.
speaker_heading: VIEW ON VITO
text: holding the wrapped gun, waiting.
speaker_heading: WHAT HE SEES:
text: The white blob of Fanucci opening the door and cursing in
text: Italian as he throws the cat out.
speaker_heading: VIEW ON VITO
text: squeezing the trigger; the muffled, but still LOUD BLAST
text: resounding in the building.
speaker_heading: VIEW ON FANUCCI
text: He holds onto the door frame, trying to stand erect, trying
text: to reach for his gun. The force of his struggle has torn
text: the buttons off his jacket and made it swing loose. His gun
text: is exposed but so is a spidery vein on the white shirtfront
text: of his stomach. Carefully, as if plunging a needle into
text: this vein, Vito Corleone fires a second bullet.
text: Fanucci falls to his knees, propping the door open, giving a
text: terrible groan. We begin to hear the VOICES of girls inside
dialog: the apartment.
text: Vito quickly opens his wallet, removes the two hundred,
text: quickly fires one last bullet into Fanucci's sweaty cheek.
text: Now the towel the gun was wrapped with catches fire,
text: literally on Vito's hand; quickly he throws it to the
text: ground, stamps it out...and disappears upward.
scene_heading: EXT. THE ROOFTOPS - MED. VIEW - NIGHT
text: Vito moves like a cat along the rooftops; we HEAR the
text: conclusion of the Mass down below.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON VITO
dialog: Pausing; we can SEE the great spectacle of lights and
text: candles on the streets below.
text: He empties the gun of bullets and smashes the barrel against
text: the side of the roof ledge. He reverses it in his hand, and
text: breaks the butt into two separate halves against the chimney.
text: He smashes it again, and the pistol breaks into barrel and
text: handle, two separate pieces.
text: He then moves along the rooftop, dropping the two separate
text: fragments into various air shafts.
scene_heading: EXT. THE STREET PROCESSION - MOVING VIEW - NIGHT
text: The Priest, having completed the ceremony, follows as the
text: Monstrance is carried off through the streets, as the Choir
dialog: sings.
scene_heading: EXT. THE ROOFTOPS - MOVING VIEW - NIGHT
text: Vito is a dark figure, moving with agility across the
text: rooftops.
scene_heading: INT. FANUCCI'S VESTIBULE - MED. VIEW - NIGHT
text: The corpse that was Fanucci, stained with blood.
scene_heading: EXT. PROCESSION - CLOSE VIEW - NIGHT
text: The statue of San Gennaro, followed by the altar boys.
scene_heading: EXT. CORLEONE TENEMENT - MED. VIEW - NIGHT
text: Vito's wife; her baby and several friends and neighbors sit
text: happily on the front stoop of their tenement. Some of the
dialog: men drink wine poured out of a pitcher; we can still HEAR
text: the music and night sounds of the Festa.
text: A neighbor is singing a Neapolitan song.
text: Quietly, without a word, and with only a momentary glance
text: from his wife, Vito joins the little group; takes a glass of
text: wine, and listens to the song.
scene_heading: CLOSE VIEW ON VITO
text: listening to the song. He reaches out and takes the small
text: hand of his son.
speaker_heading: VITO
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: Santino, your papa loves you.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. ANTHONY'S TAHOE ROOM - NIGHT
text: The room is large, lit from the outside by a bright evening.
text: We can see the outline of many toys on the shelves built
text: along the wall. We see the dark figure of Michael Corleone
text: enter the room and approach the bed where his son Anthony
text: lies curled in messy blankets. Michael quietly arranges his
text: small hands and feet and covers the little boy. Suddenly,
text: Anthony turns, his eyes open. He is staring, perfectly
text: awake, at his father.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Can't you sleep?
dialog: No answer.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Are you alright?
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Did you like your party?
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: I got lots of presents.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Do you like them?
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: I didn't know the people who gave
dialog: them to me.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: They were friends.
text: He kisses his boy, and then turns.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: Did you see my present for you?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: No, where is it?
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: On your pillow.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I'm leaving very early tomorrow,
dialog: before you wake up.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: I know. How long will you be gone?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Just a few days.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: Will you take me?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I can't.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: Why do you have to go?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: To do business.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: I can help you.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Some day you will.
text: Michael kisses him again.
scene_heading: INT. MICHAEL-KAY'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: The room is lit from a small night lamp on Michael's side of
text: the large bed.
text: Kay is huddled in blankets, asleep. Michael closes the door
text: to his room, moves to his side of the bed, and glances down
text: to the pillow.
text: VIEW ON THE PILLOW
text: is a child's drawing of a long limousine, with a man in a
text: hat sitting in the back seat.
text: An arrow pointing to him is marked "DAD." Under it, a nine
dialog: year old's handwriting says: "Do you like it? Check YES __
dialog: I liked it or NO __ I didn't like it." Michael turns,
text: looking for a pencil, and moves to the dresser, where he
text: places a check next to "YES."
text: He starts to cross back toward his side of the bed, when Kay
text: turns, almost in her sleep:
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Michael? Why are the drapes open?
text: His eyes dart back to the curved, beautifully leaded windows
text: of the room. The DRAPES are opened. Then, without a
text: second's hesitation, he leaps to the floor, still holding
text: his son's drawing, as a spray of machine gun bullets sweep
text: across the windows; glass shattering all over the room.
text: Kay screams out; rising, still half-asleep. Michael crawls
text: toward her, and pulls her down to the floor to him.
text: Then, for a moment, there is silence, soon filled by the
text: shouts of men; as flashes of light sweep by the window, as
text: guards with flashlights come running.
text: Michael holds Kay to him, knowing they have both survived,
dialog: and then gently:
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Go with the kids.
scene_heading: EXT. THE TAHOE ESTATE - NIGHT
text: Suddenly, the great floodlights are turned on, bathing lawns
text: in an intense blue light.
text: Groups of ordinarily dressed security men drawn in from all
text: directions; a state of confusion prevails. There is no sign
dialog: of the attackers.
scene_heading: VIEW BY MICHAEL'S HOUSE
text: Michael is joined by Rocco Lampone, his gun drawn.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
text: They're still on the property.
dialog: Maybe you better stay inside.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Keep them alive.
text: Six men take up posts by Michael's house.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: We'll try.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: It's important.
text: He returns inside.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN GATE AND KENNELS - NIGHT
dialog: The character of the summer estate has changed: bright
text: floodlights illuminate the main points of entry: the main
text: gate; the waterway; the stone wall that encompasses the
dialog: estate on all sides.
text: Several men with flashlights reinforce the guard at the main
dialog: gate.
speaker_heading: FULL VIEW
text: Off in the distance, we see another group of men with
text: flashlights combing the waterline. We hear indistinguishable
text: shouts.
text: VIEW ON THE KENNELS
text: The wire gates are opened, and the trained dogs go out
text: yelping into the outer edge of the estate.
speaker_heading: ROOFTOP
text: One of Rocco's men turns the large floodlight scanning
text: darkened forest areas, where men could hide.
speaker_heading: MOVING VIEW
text: Men with flashlights and dogs. Moving through the dark areas.
speaker_heading: LOOSE VIEW
text: A small Corleone launch, with a bright spotlight slowly
text: cruises the boundaries of the estate. We SEE the silhouette
text: of men with guns, quietly waiting and watching.
scene_heading: EXT. MICHAEL'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Some of the bodyguards by the shattered windows of Michael's
dialog: bedroom.
text: The curtains are drawn from inside.
scene_heading: INT. MICHAEL'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Kay, the children, and some women servants have come down
text: from the various rooms into the central living area, that
text: can be most easily secured. The little girl is still
dialog: asleep; they make you think of an immigrant family, with
text: their blankets and frightened faces, all waiting in a
text: central room.
text: Michael goes up to Kay, squeezes her hand, and whispers:
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: It will be all right. We were lucky.
text: She says nothing; but her face expresses the anger she feels
text: over the jeopardy Michael has placed his children in. She
text: holds her young daughter in her arms.
text: The door opens, and Rocco enters. He quickly realizes he is
text: holding his gun in plain view in front of the family, and
text: puts it away. Michael moves to him, and they talk a distance
text: away from Kay.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: Your family all seem to be okay in
dialog: the other houses; your Mother's
text: still sleeping.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: And?
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: No sign of them yet; but they're
dialog: still on the Estate.
text: We HEAR loud shouting from outside.
speaker_heading: DEANNA (O.S.)
dialog: Goddamn you! You're all nuts here,
dialog: I'm not goin' to calm down...
speaker_heading: MICHAEL'S VIEW
text: Through the door, that Rocco opens.
text: Deanna, in her nightgown, has been frightened by the
text: gunshots; while Fredo in his bathrobe, tries to get her back
text: into the house.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: Deanna, will you get back into the
dialog: house!
speaker_heading: DEANNA
dialog: I'm getting out of here I said;
dialog: these guys all have guns!
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Fredo, can't you shut that woman up!
dialog: (to Rocco's men)
dialog: Get her in here!
text: The bodyguards, gracefully help Fredo bring the hysterical
text: Deanna into the safety of the house.
speaker_heading: DEANNA
dialog: (whimpering)
dialog: I don't want to stay here...
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: Mike, what can I do, she's a
dialog: hysterical woman...
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Leave her alone! You're talking as
dialog: though she has no right to be
dialog: frightened when there are machine
text: guns going off in her backyard.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (to Rocco)
dialog: Have Tom Hagen meet me in the
dialog: Harbor House.
scene_heading: EXT. TAHOE ESTATE - HIGH ANGLE - NIGHT
text: Michael walks the short distance from his house, to the
text: boathouse where he conducts his business away from his family.
text: A small group of bodyguards, carrying machine guns, make the
text: walk with him from all sides, a respectful distance away.
text: It gives the appearance of a lonely President moving in his
text: compound, followed by teams of Secret Service men.
text: The boathouse is already secured by teams of men, hastily
text: wakened from their lodge house; a barracks-like structure
dialog: where reinforcements are lodged just for this kind of
dialog: emergency.
speaker_heading: FULL VIEW
text: In the distance, we can see the teams of men and dogs, with
text: their lights, guns and shouts, combing every inch of the
dialog: estate.
scene_heading: INT. THE BOATHOUSE - EMPTY VIEW - NIGHT
text: Michael alone in the great room. He moves to a walk-in
text: safe, quickly runs through the combination, and opens it.
text: He takes out an envelope, and puts it into his pocket;
text: there's a KNOCK on the door, and Hagen enters. He had been
text: asleep, and has quickly thrown on a robe.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Sit down, Tom.
scene_heading: EXT. TAHOE BOATHOUSE - NIGHT
text: From outside the leaded windows, a disoriented Hagen sits
text: down; Michael starts to talk to him; obviously about
dialog: something very serious.
text: The patrol securing the boathouse, walk past the window.
text: Michael says something to Tom, who rises, and pulls the
text: drapes, obscuring OUR VIEW.
scene_heading: INT. TAHOE BOATHOUSE - NIGHT
text: Michael talks intimately to Tom.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: There's a lot I can't tell you, Tom.
dialog: I know that's upset you in the
dialog: past; and you've felt that it was
dialog: because of some lack of trust or
dialog: confidence. But it is because I do
dialog: trust you that I've kept so much
dialog: secret from you. It's precisely
dialog: that at this moment, you are the
dialog: only one that I can completely
dialog: trust. In time, you'll understand
dialog: everything.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: (nods with this statement)
dialog: But your people... Neri... Rocco;
dialog: you don't think...
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: No, I have confidence in their
dialog: loyalty... but this is life and
dialog: death, and Tom, you are my brother.
text: Hagen in very moved.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Mikey, I hoped...
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: No Tom, just listen. All my people
dialog: are businessmen; their loyalty is
dialog: based on that. One thing I learned
dialog: from my father is to try to think
dialog: as the people around you think...and
dialog: on that basis, anything is possible.
dialog: Fredo has a good heart, but he is
dialog: weak...and stupid, and stupid
dialog: people are the most dangerous of
dialog: all. I've kept you out of things,
dialog: Tom, because I've always known that
dialog: your instincts were legitimate, and
dialog: I wanted you to know very little of
dialog: things that would make you an
dialog: accomplice, for your own protection.
dialog: I never blamed you for the setbacks
dialog: the family took under Sonny; I know
dialog: you were in a position of limited
dialog: power, and you did your best to
dialog: advise and caution him. What I am
dialog: saying is that now, for how long I
dialog: do not know, you will be the Don.
dialog: If what I think has happened is
dialog: true; I will leave tonight, and
dialog: absolutely no one will know how to
dialog: contact me. And even you are not
dialog: to try to reach me unless it is
dialog: absolutely necessary. I give you
dialog: complete power: over Neri... Fredo,
dialog: everyone. I am trusting you with
dialog: the lives of my wife and children,
dialog: and the future of this family,
dialog: solely resting on your judgment and
dialog: talent.
speaker_heading: VIEW ON HAGEN
text: A man who has steadily declined over the last five years,
dialog: realizing that total power and responsibility is being
text: placed on him.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ...But Tom, you must know that I do
dialog: this only because I believe you are
dialog: the only one who is capable of
dialog: taking over for me.
scene_heading: VIEW ON MICHAEL
text: taking out the envelope.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I've prepared this; have had it for
dialog: over a month. It won't explain
dialog: everything; but indicates where I
dialog: will be, so in a sense, it is my
dialog: life.
text: (he hands the envelope
dialog: to Hagen)
dialog: Also, there are three tasks that
dialog: must be executed immediately. Pop
dialog: would have given those to Luca --
dialog: You knew Pop as well as anyone, act
dialog: as though you were him. It
dialog: discusses Kay as well; that will be
dialog: the most difficult. The men who
dialog: tried to kill me tonight, will
dialog: never leave the estate.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Will we...be able to get who
dialog: ordered it out of them?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I don't think so. Unless I'm very
dialog: wrong...they're already dead.
dialog: Killed by someone inside...very
dialog: frightened that they botched it.
dialog: That's why I am going to disappear
dialog: in a few minutes, and leave
dialog: everything to you.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: But if you're wrong...
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: If I'm wrong...
text: There is a KNOCK on the door.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: ...I don't think I'm wrong.
dialog: (he indicates the knock)
dialog: Yes.
text: The door opens; it is Rocco; Michael rises, after making a
text: knowing glance toward Tom, and moves to talk quietly to a
text: frightened and agitated Rocco.
scene_heading: EXT. STONE WALL AND STREAM - MOVING VIEW - NIGHT
text: A group of men with flashlights and guns lead Michael, Tom
text: and Rocco to the stone bridge spanning the stream which runs
dialog: through the estate.
speaker_heading: LOW CLOSE VIEW
text: Michael's dispassionate face, looking down. THE VIEW MOVES
text: to Hagen's, and then down to the murky water under the
text: bridge, where we see the bodies of three strangers, lying in
text: the moving water; machine-type guns nearby, with their
text: throats cut. Light from the many flashlights illuminates
text: the grotesque scene.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL (O.S.)
dialog: Fish them out.
text: Several of the men wade down into the stream; Rocco helps,
text: and even Tom steps down to get a better look at who they
text: were. They are total strangers; Rocco examines the type of
dialog: guns they used.
text: When they climb back onto the ground, Michael is gone.
text: Everyone notices it, but no one says anything.
text: Hagen stands there, holding the envelope Michael had given
text: him in his hand.
text: He realizes that now, he is the DON.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Get rid of the bodies. Tomorrow
dialog: morning I want a report made to the
dialog: local police, and paper, that some
dialog: explosives we keep on the property
dialog: were accidentally ignited.
text: The men respond; Hagen makes the lonely walk back to the
text: lighted section of the compound, which now resembles a
dialog: prison camp.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. STATE SENATE FLOOR - DAY
text: The Senate is in session; Senator Geary is on the floor
text: during a vote. An aide approaches him, with a slip of paper.
scene_heading: INT. GEARY'S OFFICE - DAY
text: The Senator steps behind his desk.
speaker_heading: SENATOR GEARY
dialog: All right, Mr. Hagen, you've got
dialog: ten minutes.
text: He flicks the switch of a small tape recorder.
speaker_heading: SENATOR GEARY
dialog: ...and the tape will be running.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Actually, I've come with good news;
dialog: the Corleone family has done you a
dialog: favor.
text: The Senator immediately shuts the tape recorder off.
speaker_heading: SENATOR GEARY
dialog: What the hell are you talking about?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: We know you're a busy man, with
dialog: plenty of enemies -- we saw the
dialog: opportunity to do you a favor, and
dialog: we did. No strings.
speaker_heading: SENATOR GEARY
dialog: No strings.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: You know there's a Senate
dialog: Investigating Committee recently
dialog: set up; we thought it would be
dialog: unfortunate if they were to trace
dialog: anything though-provoking to your
dialog: name.
speaker_heading: SENATOR GEARY
dialog: No one can trace anything to me; I
dialog: pride myself on that.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Do you gamble?
speaker_heading: SENATOR GEARY
dialog: A little; what's so thought-
dialog: provoking about that?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Do you owe markers?
speaker_heading: SENATOR GEARY
dialog: Maybe two, three thousand dollars.
text: Hagen leans forward, and deposits a handful of paper on the
text: Senator's desk.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: The Corleone family has paid them
dialog: off for you...as an expression of
dialog: our esteem.
text: Geary quickly looks through the paid markers.
speaker_heading: SENATOR GEARY
dialog: There's thirty grand worth of paid
dialog: off markers -- I never owed that
dialog: much.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Our mistake. But what does it
dialog: matter; it was our money.
dialog: (rising)
dialog: We don't even expect thanks.
speaker_heading: SENATOR GEARY
dialog: You paid off thirty grand I never
dialog: owed.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: We'll keep it quiet; the people who
dialog: know are trustworthy...the Committee
dialog: needn't find out.
speaker_heading: SENATOR GEARY
dialog: And what's the price of their not
dialog: finding out.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Simple. Be friendly like us. Not
dialog: hostile.
speaker_heading: SENATOR GEARY
dialog: (he despises Hagen)
dialog: Thanks...friend.
scene_heading: EXT. TAHOE ESTATE - FULL VIEW - DAY
dialog: There are more men on duty than usual; not that there are
text: guns apparent, but it's clear that the boundaries are being
dialog: patrolled.
scene_heading: VIEW BY MICHAEL'S HOUSE
text: Kay exits her house, followed by her children; she helps
text: them into her station wagon like any housewife, and drives
text: along the path leading to the main gate.
text: She's about to drive through, when one of the men steps in
text: front of her, raising his hand.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: (graciously)
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: I'm sorry, Mrs. Corleone. We're
dialog: not to let you through.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: (disbelieving)
dialog: I'm going to the market.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: If you could just give us a list,
dialog: we'll pick up anything you want.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Whose orders are these?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Mr. Hagen's, ma'am.
text: We notice Hagen walking to them in the background.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Kay.
text: VIEW THROUGH THE GATE
text: Hagen approaches the car; Kay gets out so they can talk away
dialog: from the children.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: I wanted to explain this myself...
dialog: I had business in Carson City.
text: He walks with her a little way from the others; the children
text: run out of the station wagon, and start to play.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: It's Michael's request...for your
dialog: safety. We can send out for
dialog: anything you need.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: I'm supposed to stay in my house.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Within the compound will be fine.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: I was supposed to take the children
dialog: to New England next week.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: That's off now.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: I'm going to see my parents.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Kay, Michael didn't tell me a lot;
dialog: and what he did tell me, I can't
dialog: repeat. But the responsibility for
dialog: you and the kids was the most
dialog: important thing he left me with.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: How long does this go on?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: I don't know.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I'm sorry, Kay...
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Am I a prisoner?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: That's not the way we look at it.
text: Angrily, without another word, Kay turns away from him, and
text: walks to her children, ignoring the running station wagon.
scene_heading: EXT. ITALIAN LUXURY LINER - DAY
text: The luxury liner making its way across the Atlantic.
scene_heading: INT. ITALIAN LUXURY LINER - MED. VIEW - DAY
text: The PURSER followed by several white uniformed associates
text: knocks on the door of something designated the "Leonardo
text: Suite." He is holding a telegram.
text: The door opens, and a tanned Merle peeks out of the door.
speaker_heading: PURSER
dialog: (holding up the telegram)
dialog: I'm terribly sorry to disturb you
dialog: but we have received two telegrams.
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: (reluctantly)
dialog: Well...come in.
text: This entourage enters the suite, an impressive and
text: beautifully spacious luxury suite. Connie is relaxing.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: PURSER
dialog: Yes. One is from our office in New
dialog: York. The check that you wrote for
dialog: your passage has been returned.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Can't be...
speaker_heading: MERLE
dialog: Why don't you wire your bank?
speaker_heading: PURSER
dialog: The other telegram is from your
dialog: bank. Your account has been closed
dialog: and the company is warned not to
dialog: extend any credit.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: I'll take care of it in Naples.
speaker_heading: PURSER
dialog: The company hopes so. But for now,
dialog: we have orders to change your
dialog: accommodations.
text: And with that, the men in white begin to pack Connie and
text: Merle's luggage.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: That son of a bitch!
scene_heading: INT. ITALIAN LUXURY LINER - TINY THIRD CLASS CABIN - NIGHT
text: Connie and Merle are attempting to sleep in the miniature
text: cabin in bunk beds. The little space is crowded with their
text: trunks and luggage. Merle can barely hang onto the bunk,
text: the boat pitches so violently below.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN TRACKS - MED. VIEW - DAY
text: A train speeds across the countryside.
scene_heading: INT. THE TRAIN - DAY
text: Inside the corridor, a porter advances, and knocks on the
text: door of a stateroom. A voice tells him to enter. OUR VIEW
text: enters with him as he carries a tray of lunch. From this
text: POV we see Michael Corleone sitting in the compartment.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: Mr. Paul?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: You ordered lunch?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Put it right there.
text: The porter does so; as he places the tray down, he catches a
text: glimpse of a second person in the compartment with Michael.
speaker_heading: HIS VIEW
text: A very fierce, almost maniacal looking man, BUSSETTA. He
text: nods that the porter should leave.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Thank you.
text: The porter takes his advice and leaves quickly, closing the
text: door behind him.
text: VIEW THROUGH THE WINDOW
text: Michael and his mysterious companion have lunch together on
text: the moving train.
scene_heading: EXT. GULFSTREAM RACE TRACK IN MIAMI - HIGH FULL VIEW - DAY
text: The empty parking lot of the Gulfstream track, on an off-
dialog: race day.
speaker_heading: CLOSER VIEW
text: Michael sits behind the wheel of a nondescript late model
text: car. Bussetta sits in the rear.
text: Another car swings into the lot. Michael starts his car,
text: and pulls out of the lot; the second car following.
speaker_heading: NEW VIEW
text: This car pulls out and begins to follow them. Michael
text: glances back by adjusting the rear view mirror, and nods to
dialog: Bussetta.
text: Michael's car begins to slow down, allowing the other car to
text: overtake them.
text: The overtaking car hesitates a moment, moving side by side
dialog: with them.
text: Michael glances toward the driver.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL'S VIEW
text: We recognize Johnny Ola, who waves a greeting to Michael,
text: and then continues on to lead him.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN MIAMI NEIGHBORHOOD - DAY
text: Ola's car leads Michael's through a middle-class suburban
text: area of $30,000 to $40,000 homes. There are small channels
text: with sporting and fishing boats parked near the houses.
text: Ola's car pulls up in front of a very simple, tract-type
text: home. Michael's car parks nearby.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: (to Bussetta)
dialog: You'll wait in the car.
text: Ola has gotten out of his car and walks up the little path
text: to the front door. Michael waits.
text: Ola rings the bell, and after a moment, a rather pretty,
text: middle-aged WOMAN answers, remaining behind the screen door.
text: Ola says a few things to her and she disappears, leaving the
text: door open.
text: Ola comes down the steps, looks at Michael, nodding to him.
text: Ola then gets into his car and drives off. Michael walks up
text: the walkway and enters the little house, closing the door
text: behind him.
text: This woman, TERRI ROTH, is in the kitchen, looking out at
dialog: Michael.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: I'm just going to make lunch. How
dialog: about a tuna fish sandwich?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Thank you, Mrs. Roth.
text: She hurries halfway up the staircase.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: Hyman...HYMAN, your friend is here.
dialog: (turning to Michael)
dialog: Why don't you go right upstairs, Mr.
dialog: Paul?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Fine.
text: He continues upstairs; she goes into the kitchen.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: I'll give a yell when lunch is ready.
text: Michael continues up to a small den on the second floor; we
text: can HEAR the sound of a baseball game coming over the
dialog: television.
scene_heading: INT. HYMAN ROTH'S DEN - DAY
text: Michael enters the den: it's very comfortable, but somewhat
text: like a senior citizen's retirement home in Florida.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL'S VIEW
text: There, sitting before the television is a small man in his
text: middle sixties, thin, with a wizened face, looking like a
text: small-time retired Jewish businessman. This is HYMAN ROTH.
speaker_heading: ROTH
dialog: Sit down, this is almost over. You
dialog: follow the baseball games?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Not for a few years.
speaker_heading: ROTH
dialog: I like sporting events -- I really
dialog: enjoy watching them in the afternoon.
dialog: One of the things I love about this
dialog: country. I loved baseball ever
dialog: since Arnold Rothstein fixed the
dialog: World Series of 1919...I heard you
dialog: had some trouble.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: ROTH
dialog: What a mistake; people behaving
dialog: like that, with guns.
dialog: (he shakes his head)
dialog: It was my understanding we left all
dialog: that behind. But, let me tell you,
dialog: the important thing is that you're
dialog: all right. Good health is the most
dialog: important thing; more than success;
dialog: more than power; more than money.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: The incident of the other night is
dialog: a nuisance that I can take care of.
dialog: I came to you because I want
dialog: nothing to affect our agreement; I
dialog: wanted to clear everything I'm
dialog: going to do with you, just in case.
speaker_heading: ROTH
dialog: You're a considerate young man.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: You're a great man, Mr. Roth, I
dialog: have much to learn from you.
speaker_heading: ROTH
dialog: (warmly)
dialog: However I can help you...
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: The Rosato Brothers have performed
dialog: services for you in the past; I
dialog: understand that they are under your
dialog: protection.
speaker_heading: ROTH
dialog: (simply)
dialog: We do favors for each other...
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Technically, they are still under
dialog: the Clemenza wing of the Corleone
dialog: Family, now run by Frankie
dialog: Pentangeli. After Clemenza died,
dialog: the Rosatos wanted territory of
dialog: their own. Pentangeli refused, and
dialog: came to me, asking for permission
dialog: to eliminate them. I, of course,
dialog: knew of their relationship with
dialog: you, and in gratitude for your help
dialog: with the Tropicana matter, turned
text: him down. Pentangeli was furious,
dialog: and paid one hundred and fifty
dialog: thousand dollars to have me killed.
dialog: I was lucky and he was stupid.
dialog: I'll visit him soon.
dialog: (leaning toward the
dialog: old man, sincerely)
dialog: The important thing is that nothing
dialog: jeopardize our plans, yours and
dialog: mine. This thing of ours, that we
dialog: will build.
text: The old man touches Michael's hand, warmly.
speaker_heading: ROTH
dialog: Nothing is more important.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Pentangeli is a dead man; do you
dialog: object?
speaker_heading: ROTH
dialog: It's always bad for business; but
dialog: you have no choice.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Then it's done. I must choose his
dialog: replacement: it cannot be Rosato.
speaker_heading: ROTH
dialog: Of course you must keep control of
dialog: your family.
text: He turns to Michael, turning the volume higher on the
text: television, and moving closer to his young partner.
speaker_heading: ROTH
dialog: Michael, these things are
dialog: unimportant. Who should be the
dialog: manager of a dime store, Joe or
dialog: Jack? Unimportant. You do what
dialog: you think is right. You're a young
dialog: man, and I'm old and sick. What we
dialog: do together in the next few months
dialog: will be history, Michael; it has
dialog: never been done before. We will do
dialog: this historical thing together, and
dialog: even your Father could never dream
dialog: it would be possible. We are
dialog: bigger than U.S. Steel, you and
dialog: me... because in America, anything
dialog: is possible!
dialog: (pause)
dialog: But soon I will be dead, and it
dialog: will all belong to you.
text: There is a KNOCK on the door, and Terri Roth pushes the door
text: open with her hip.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: My goodness, you'll rupture your
text: eardrums, Hyman.
text: She puts the tray down, and turns down the television.
scene_heading: EXT. ROTH'S HOUSE - MED. VIEW - DAY
text: The sinister Bussetta waits patiently in the rear seat of
text: the car, outside Roth's modest house.
scene_heading: EXT. DOWNTOWN NEW YORK - MOVING VIEW - DAY
text: A black Cadillac moves down the street, slowed by the
dialog: Festivities of the Festa that is in progress: people milling
text: around, buying souvenirs at the many stands set up.
text: Sausage and grilled meats are prepared, just as they were
text: years ago. Electric lights are strung from the street
text: lamps, and brightly colored banners pronounce the "Festa of
dialog: the Madonna."
scene_heading: MOVING CLOSE VIEW
text: Willy Cicci drives, frustrated that he cannot go any faster.
text: Next to him, Frankie Pentangeli sits, catching a few seconds'
dialog: snooze.
speaker_heading: MED. VIEW
text: The black car pulls up; another car that had been following
text: it parks nearby.
text: One of Pentangeli's button men gets out of the car, and
text: steps into a small Italian restaurant; he exits quickly, and
text: nods affirmatively toward Pentangeli's Cadillac.
text: The group of them step out quickly, men huddled around
text: Pentangeli, and enter the restaurant.
scene_heading: INT. THE RESTAURANT - DAY
text: The restaurant is quite empty, despite the excitement out on
dialog: the street.
text: Pentangeli immediately sits at a table with a tall, dark,
text: snappily dressed young man, CARMINE ROSATO.
text: Nearby, on the other side of the room is Rosato's brother,
text: TONY, seated with a group of their men.
text: At another table in the restaurant is a table of Pentangeli's
text: people: they are joined by bodyguards.
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: Rosato, where's your brother?
speaker_heading: ROSATO
dialog: Sitting right behind you.
text: Pentangeli glances behind himself.
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: He don't want to talk?
speaker_heading: ROSATO
dialog: We worked it all out beforehand.
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: Are we going to eat or what?
speaker_heading: ROSATO
dialog: Sure, on me. I got Diner's Club.
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: (sarcastically)
dialog: Forget it; I'm suddenly without an
dialog: appetite. You're making big
dialog: trouble, Carmine.
speaker_heading: ROSATO
dialog: You weren't straight with us,
dialog: Frankie, what else could we do?
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: We could have talked first, saved a
dialog: lot of running around.
speaker_heading: ROSATO
dialog: You wasn't listening, you didn't
dialog: want to talk.
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: Don't I look like I'm listening?
speaker_heading: ROSATO
dialog: We want Brooklyn one hundred
dialog: percent. No more taxes to you. We
dialog: want to be only loosely connected
dialog: with your family -- sort of a
dialog: under-family all of our own. Then
dialog: we can act on all internal matters
dialog: without talking. Also we want you
dialog: to inform Michael Corleone that we
dialog: can deal directly with him.
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: I'm a little hungry, maybe I'll
dialog: order something. Joe.
dialog: (one of his men)
dialog: Get me some bracciole or something.
dialog: And pay cash.
dialog: (to Rosato)
dialog: And in return for these concessions,
dialog: what do you do for me?
speaker_heading: ROSATO
dialog: We will release the hostages,
dialog: number one. Number two, we're here
dialog: for you to count on when you need
dialog: us. We're independent, but we're
dialog: here if you need us. In general,
dialog: we'll cooperate with you and your
dialog: businesses, and you in turn will
dialog: cooperate with us. Pari persu.
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: Pari Persu; what the fuck is Pari
dialog: persu...?
speaker_heading: ROSATO
dialog: My lawyer went over this beforehand.
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: What assurances do I have that
dialog: there will be no more kidnapping,
dialog: no more hits?
speaker_heading: ROSATO
dialog: The same assurance we got from you.
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: What if I say shove it?
speaker_heading: ROSATO
dialog: Then Carmine Fucillo and Tony Blue
dialog: DeRosa will need to be fitted for
text: slabs.
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: You want a war?
speaker_heading: ROSATO
dialog: We got no choice.
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: You know if there's a way I'll go
dialog: to the commission and the commission
dialog: will side with me. That puts me
dialog: and the other New York families
dialog: against you.
speaker_heading: ROSATO
dialog: We got friends in the commission.
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: (getting angry)
dialog: I'm talking about Italians!
speaker_heading: ROSATO
dialog: What about Michael Corleone?
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: He supports me.
speaker_heading: ROSATO
dialog: Maybe, yes... maybe no.
text: One of Pentangeli's men approaches with a plate of Italian
dialog: food.
text: Pentangeli stands up, angered by this remark of Rosato's; he
text: pushes the dish of food out of the surprised Bodyguard's
dialog: hands.
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: You drove old Pete Clemenza to his
dialog: grave, Carmine; you and your
text: brother. Turning on him; trouble
dialog: in his territories -- you and your
dialog: demands. I hold you responsible,
dialog: just as though you shot him in the
dialog: head. And I ain't gonna let that
dialog: go for long!
text: Pentangeli walks out of the restaurant; there's a little
text: tension between the bodyguards of the two factions.
speaker_heading: ROSATO (O.S.)
dialog: Hey, Five-Angels...
text: He gives him the arm.
text: Frankie's face turns red, like he wants to have it out here
text: and now; but Willy Cicci calms his down, and they all make
dialog: their move out.
scene_heading: EXT. THE RESTAURANT - DAY
text: Pentangeli gets into the car.
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: Nobody I hate calls me Five-Angels
dialog: to my face!
text: He slams the door.
scene_heading: EXT. PENTANGELI'S LONG BEACH ESTATE - DAY
text: Part of the old estate of Don Corleone. By now, the wall
text: has been torn down, and the other houses sold off.
text: His car is parked; Pentangeli steps out, still angry over
text: the confrontation. As he approaches the house, he notices
text: something strained about the bodyguards who discreetly guard
text: his house. No one seems to want to tell him.
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: What's up?
text: Pentangeli glances over to the front door foyer.
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI'S VIEW
text: The strange and silent Bussetta, the man who now always
text: travels with Michael.
scene_heading: INT. PENTANGELI'S HOUSE - DAY
text: Pentangeli enters; he sees his WIFE, standing oddly in the
dialog: hallway.
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: What's this?
speaker_heading: WIFE
dialog: Michael Corleone.
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: One Michael Corleone...Dove?
speaker_heading: WIFE
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: He's in your study.
dialog: He knows it is very very serious for Michael to be here in
dialog: his home.
text: He automatically moves into his study.
scene_heading: INT. PENTANGELI'S STUDY - DAY
text: Michael stands quietly in the room. This was once his
text: father's study, although it is totally redecorated.
text: Pentangeli starts sweating, and moves toward the young Don,
text: and kisses his hand.
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: Don Corleone, I wish you let me
dialog: know you was coming. We could have
dialog: prepared something for you.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I didn't want you to know I was
dialog: coming. You heard what happened in
dialog: my home?
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: Michael, yes, we was all relieved...
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (furious)
dialog: In my home! In the same room where
dialog: my wife was sleeping; where my
text: children come in their pajamas, and
text: play with their toys.
text: He's terrified Pentangeli with his anger; then, just as
text: suddenly, he talks quietly, calmly.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I want you to help me take my
dialog: revenge.
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: Michael, anything. What is it I
dialog: can do for you?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I want you to settle these troubles
dialog: with the Rosato Brothers.
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: I was just going to contact you,
dialog: Michael; we just had a 'sit-down' -
dialog: in fact, I just come from there.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I want you to settle on their terms.
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: Mike, I don't understand. Don't
dialog: ask me to do that.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Trust me; do as I ask.
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: It would be the beginning of the
dialog: end for my family. How can I keep
dialog: all my other territories in like if
dialog: I let two wise-guys stand up and
dialog: demand this and that, and then give
dialog: it to them?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Frankie...do you respect me? Do I
dialog: have your loyalty?
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: Always... But sometimes I don't
dialog: understand. I know I'll never have
dialog: your kind of brains, in big deals.
dialog: But Mike, this is a street thing.
dialog: And Hyman Roth in Miami is behind
dialog: the Rosato Brothers.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: Then why do you want me to lay down
dialog: to them?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (coldly, but convincing)
dialog: Frankie, Roth tried to have me
dialog: killed. I'm sure it was him, but I
dialog: don't know yet why.
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: Jesus Christ, Michael, then let's
dialog: hit 'em now, while we still got the
dialog: muscle.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: This was my father's old study.
dialog: When I was a kid, we had to be
dialog: quiet when we played near here.
dialog: When I was older, I learned many
dialog: things from him here. I was happy
dialog: that this house never went to
dialog: strangers; first Clemenza took it
dialog: over, and then you. My father
dialog: taught me, in this room, never to
dialog: act until you know everything
dialog: that's behind things. Never. If
dialog: Hyman Roth sees that I interceded
dialog: with you in the Rosato Brothers'
dialog: favor, he'll think his relationship
dialog: with me is still sound. I'm going
dialog: somewhere to meet him tomorrow. We
dialog: have friends in some very important
dialog: business that we're making. Do
dialog: this for me; you make the peace
dialog: with the Rosato Brothers on their
dialog: terms. Let the word out that I
dialog: forced you; you're not happy wit
dialog: hit, but acquiesced, just because
dialog: of me. It will get back to Hyman
dialog: Roth. Do this, Frankie. You can
dialog: trust me.
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: Sure, Mike. I'll go along.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Good.
text: They embrace; Michael kisses him. He looks at the young
dialog: Don, thoughtfully.
scene_heading: INT. TROPICANA HOTEL - CLOSE VIEW - DAY
text: The money trays are carefully unloaded from the gaming
text: tables, and put on a cart with others.
text: The cart, preceded and followed by security guards, is then
text: wheeled through the casino, into a private, counting room.
scene_heading: INT. COUNTING ROOM - MED. VIEW - DAY
text: The guards leave the room; the door is locked after them,
text: leaving only Hagen. Neri and an ACCOUNTANT, a very fat man.
text: The numbered boxes are opened, and cash and checks are
text: spread out on the counting table.
text: The accountant begins with amazing speed and skill, to count
dialog: and divide the money.
speaker_heading: NERI
dialog: Fifteen percent skim?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
text: Twenty-five this time.
text: The accountant stops, and looks up to Neri.
speaker_heading: NERI
dialog: It might show.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Mike wants it.
text: Neri nods, and the accountant continues. Neri opens a door,
text: allowing a sandy-haired man, a COURIER, into the room. The
text: cream is placed into his pouch personally by Neri.
speaker_heading: NERI
dialog: We've never sent this much with one
dialog: courier.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: (to the courier)
dialog: Your plans are a little different
dialog: this time. You skip Miami, and go
dialog: straight to Geneva. It's to be
dialog: deposited to this number.
dialog: (handing him a small envelope)
dialog: And it's got to be there by Monday
dialog: morning, no slip-up.
speaker_heading: COURIER
dialog: I think I was 'picked-up' last trip.
dialog: That hour layover I had at Kennedy.
dialog: I went over and bought a paper...
text: Neri has finished putting the 'creamed' money into the pouch.
speaker_heading: NERI
dialog: Those were our people.
speaker_heading: COURIER
dialog: Okay, just thought you should know.
text: He is just about to close and lock the pouch, when Hagen
text: gestures that he should wait, and adds more stacks of
text: carefully packaged bills into the pouch. Then Neri locks
text: it, and handcuffs it to the courier's arm, looking
text: inquiringly at Hagen.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Let them count.
text: The courier is shown out through a private door, and then
text: the first door is opened. Two accountants come in with the
text: guards, and the trays are opened, and the counting process
text: is begun all over again, this time with the State Tally
dialog: sheets.
scene_heading: INT. TROPICANA CORRIDOR - MOVING VIEW - DAY
text: The courier continues on his way; followed by Hagen and Neri.
speaker_heading: NERI
dialog: What's up?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: No questions.
speaker_heading: NERI
dialog: I got to ask questions, Tom,
dialog: there's three million dollars cash
dialog: in that pouch; Mike is gone and I
dialog: have no word from him.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Al, as far as you're concerned, I'm
dialog: the Don.
speaker_heading: NERI
dialog: How do I know you haven't gone into
dialog: business for yourself?
dialog: This hurts Tom; but he is a reasonable man, and he knows he
dialog: owes Neri some explanation.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: You've been through a lot with us
dialog: so I'm going to give you the truth.
dialog: Mike knows it was someone within
dialog: the compound that set him up for
dialog: that hit. So nobody is to know
dialog: where he is, not you, not Rocco,
dialog: not even his brother Fredo. Sorry,
dialog: Al, I know how you feel about
text: Mike...but he still remembers Tessio.
scene_heading: EXT. KEY WEST - NIGHT
text: Michael is led to a desolate, night-lit private dock. He is
text: followed by the ever-present Bussetta, and they are helped
text: onto a light-weight, luxury cabin cruiser. The crew cast
text: off various ropes, and the boat sets out into the night.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. TAHOE ESTATE - DAY
text: A seaplane lands nicely by the private Corleone harbor;
text: Hagen disembarks with his inevitable overloaded briefcase.
text: He continues down the ramp, past several Buttonmen, dressed
text: in summer casual attire, and who resemble secret service men
text: rather than thugs.
text: His wife THERESA lies on a blanket on the great lawn, with
text: her youngest children, who run to their father for a kiss.
speaker_heading: THERESA
dialog: Hungry?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Just a little.
speaker_heading: THERESA
dialog: I've invited Mama, Sandra and the
dialog: kids for barbecue.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: What about Kay?
speaker_heading: THERESA
dialog: I couldn't find her. She's been so
text: broody, sticks to herself.
scene_heading: EXT. TAHOE LAWN BARBECUE - MED. VIEW - DAY
text: Hagen and Sonny's boys are throwing a football around on the
text: lawn; the littler kids running after them.
text: Coals are burning in the old style stone barbecue, and
text: several tables are set for the family.
text: In the distance, there is always evidence of the bodyguards.
text: Theresa, Mama and Sandra prepare the steaks.
text: Hagen relaxes in a sports shirt.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Let me try Kay.
text: He crosses the lawn, to the house on the beach where Michael
text: and his family live. Is about to knock on the door:
speaker_heading: HAGEN'S SON
dialog: Hey, Pop, heads up!
text: The football is flying in his direction; he catches it and
text: throws it back. Then he cracks the door open, and peeks in.
scene_heading: INT. MICHAEL'S HOUSE - DAY
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Kay?
text: He steps in, the beautiful summer living room is neat, but
text: empty.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Anyone hungry?
text: He moves through the house more quickly; into the dining and
text: recreation room areas. A cat jumps off a pile of cushions
text: and runs across the room.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: SANDRA (O.S.)
dialog: She's gone, Tom.
text: Sandra has followed him into Michael's house.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: What do you mean gone?
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: The Barretts from Rubicon Bay came
text: by in a new speedboat. Rocco tried
dialog: to say she wasn't in, but Kay
dialog: spotted them and asked if they
dialog: would take her and the kids for a
dialog: ride. That was three hours ago.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: (furious)
dialog: Why didn't someone tell me!
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: I wanted to tell you alone; your
dialog: wife doesn't know what's going on.
text: Hagen rushes out of the house.
scene_heading: EXT. TAHOE LAWN - DAY
text: Hagen moves quickly out of Michael's house; moving across
text: the lawn to the boathouse.
speaker_heading: HAGEN'S SON
dialog: Hey, Dad!
text: This time he ignores the thrown ball, and moves directly to
text: Rocco, who is by some men near the boathouse.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Rocco!
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: I know. I went down to the Barrett
text: house. But she's gone. They drove
dialog: her and the kids to North Tahoe
dialog: airport.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Goddamn it, where were you?
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: I was in my house. Willy tried,
dialog: but it would have taken some
text: strong-arm to stop her, and he
dialog: figured you wouldn't want that.
scene_heading: INT. THE BOATHOUSE - DAY
text: They enter the boathouse.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: (to one of the men)
dialog: Get me a Scotch and water.
text: The man hurries behind the bar.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: She took a flight to San Francisco.
dialog: We figure she's going to connect to
dialog: New Hampshire; her parents' place.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: (almost to himself)
dialog: I can't let him down.
text: He swallows the drink down in several gulps. And then looks
text: up to his men watching him. He's embarrassed to have shown
dialog: such weakness.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: All right, let me think a minute.
text: Rocco clears the men out.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: Me too, Tom?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Yeah, give me a minute.
text: Rocco gone, Hagen moves behind the enormous bar, and pours
text: himself a giant drink. He drinks that, and calms himself.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Oh Christ, Pop. It was so good
dialog: when you were alive. I felt I
dialog: could handle anything...
scene_heading: EXT. VIEW FROM BOAT - FULL VIEW - DAY
text: A beautiful coastal view of a tropical Caribbean city. An
text: extraordinary view, high buildings, palm trees, all set
text: right on the bay.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE VIEW ON MICHAEL
text: on the cruiser, Bussetta a little distance away, watching,
text: but never speaking. The dark-skinned CAPTAIN of the cruiser
text: keeps pointing repeatedly.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Habana, Habana.
scene_heading: EXT. HAVANA STREET - MOVING VIEW - DAY
text: Michael and Bussetta are driven in a Mercury sedan, making
text: its way through the streets of Havana.
scene_heading: CLOSE VIEW ON MICHAEL
text: looking out the window.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL'S POV
text: Crowded streets, occasional roving bands playing for the
dialog: tourists; there is much evidence of tourism: Americans
dialog: walking through the streets with cameras. Occasionally, we
text: see a Cuban with a row of numbers attached to his hat,
text: carrying a big sheet of the daily lottery numbers. From all
text: of these street impressions, the city is booming with
text: activity, but there is also much evidence of whores and
text: pimps and little children begging in the streets.
speaker_heading: MED. VIEW
text: The big American car stops at an intersection. Bussetta is
text: sitting in the forward passenger side; while Michael is in
text: the back. He hears tapping on the window; he turns and sees
text: four Cuban boys tapping on his window and extending their
text: hands, and rubbing their stomachs as though they were hungry.
text: The Cuban driver rolls down his window and shouts them away
dialog: in Spanish.
scene_heading: INT. HAVANA CASINO LOBBY - MOVING VIEW - NIGHT
text: Michael is led through a beautiful wooden lobby of the
text: hotel, done in Spanish style, apparently just recently
text: completed. He is approached by a thin, mousy man, SAM ROTH,
text: who ushers him toward the casino entrance.
speaker_heading: SAM ROTH
dialog: Hiya, Mr. Corleone, I'm Sam Roth.
dialog: Welcome to the Capri; my brother's
dialog: upstairs. You wanta take a rest
dialog: before you see him, or can I get
dialog: you something, anything at all?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: No, I'm fine.
text: He leads Michael into the main casino.
speaker_heading: SAM ROTH
dialog: This is it! We think it makes
dialog: Vegas look like the corner crap game.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Very impressive.
speaker_heading: SAM ROTH
dialog: Jake, Jake, come over here. Mike,
dialog: I want you to meet Jake Cohen; he
dialog: manages the casino for us.
speaker_heading: COHEN
dialog: (appreciating
dialog: Michael's status)
dialog: Mr. Corleone.
text: Sam turns to Bussetta and extends his glad-hand.
speaker_heading: SAM ROTH
dialog: Pleasure to meet you, I'm sure...
text: He gets no response whatsoever from Bussetta.
scene_heading: INT. PRESIDENTIAL PALACE - NIGHT
text: An extremely tall, well-built Cuban, tanned and wearing an
text: attractive mustache, LEON, in his middle forties, reads from
text: a prepared paper. His sentences are translated by a smaller
text: man, standing to his rear.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: (Spanish)
dialog: Most respected gentlemen, allow me
dialog: to welcome you to the City of
dialog: Havana, the Republic of Cuba on
dialog: behalf of His Excellency, Fulgencio
dialog: Batista.
text: THE VIEW BEGINS TO MOVE along the various men gathered for
dialog: this meeting.
speaker_heading: LEON (O.S.)
dialog: I'd like to thank this distinguished
dialog: group of American Industrialists,
dialog: for continuing to work with Cuba,
dialog: for the greatest period of
dialog: prosperity in her entire history.
dialog: Mr. William Proxmiro, representing
dialog: the General Fruit Company... Messrs.
dialog: Corngold and Dant, of the United
dialog: Telephone and Telegraph Company; Mr.
dialog: Petty, regional Vice-President of
dialog: the Pan American Mining Corporation;
dialog: and, of course, our friend Mr.
dialog: Robert Allen, of South American
dialog: Sugar. Mr. Nash of the American
dialog: State Department. And Mr. Hyman
dialog: Roth of Miami, and Michael Corleone
dialog: of Nevada representing our
dialog: Associates in Tourism and Leisure
dialog: Activities.
text: VIEW ON THE ENTIRE GROUP
text: Leon pauses to take a drink of water. Then proudly, he
text: lifts a shiny yellow telephone for all to see.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: The President would like to take
dialog: this opportunity to thank U T&amp;T for
dialog: their lovely gift: a solid gold
dialog: telephone! He thought all you
dialog: gentlemen would care to take a look
text: at it.
text: He hands the heavy phone set to one of his aides, and it is
text: passed in turn to each of the men in attendance.
speaker_heading: CORNGOLD
dialog: Your Excellency, perhaps you could
dialog: discuss the status of rebel activity
dialog: and how this may affect our
dialog: businesses.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE VIEW ON MICHAEL
text: He receives the telephone, and glances at it before passing
text: it on to Hyman Roth.
speaker_heading: LEON (O.S.)
dialog: Of course. The rebel movement is
dialog: basically unpopular, and since July
dialog: of 1958 has been contained in the
dialog: Oriente Province, in the mountains
dialog: of the Sierra Muestre.
text: Michael passes the phone on to Roth.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: We began a highly successful
dialog: offensive against them in March,
dialog: and activities within the city
dialog: itself are at a minimum. I can
dialog: assure you we'll tolerate no
dialog: guerrillas in the casinos or
dialog: swimming pools!
text: General subdued laughter.
scene_heading: A CUBAN STREET - LATE DAY
text: Police are stopping traffic. Michael's Mercury is among the
text: cars; a police officer, seeing that some important person is
text: being driven, walks up to the driver. He leans forward, and
text: says something in Spanish to the driver.
text: The driver, in turn, leans over to Michael.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: He says it will just be a short
dialog: time and they'll let us through.
text: Michael looks out the window.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL'S VIEW
text: The old building has been totally surrounded by police and
text: military vehicles. Right at this moment, they are waiting
text: lazily, but soldiers are there with automatic weapons ready.
text: There is a momentary commotion inside the building, and the
text: men brace up. A Captain of the Army detachment says
text: something in Spanish over a megaphone; and his men put their
text: weapons at the ready, as other policemen lead a group of
text: civilians out of the building with their hands up.
text: They are moved over to some military truck, where they are
text: frisked before being loaded.
text: All of a sudden, one of the civilian rebels breaks loose,
text: and rushes toward the command vehicle. He hurls himself
text: into the vehicle, as two police try to pull him out. A
text: second later, and there is an explosion; the man obviously
text: having hidden a grenade on his body, sacrificing his own
dialog: life to take the life of the Captain.
text: There is a commotion, but the military quickly quell it.
scene_heading: CLOSE VIEW ON MICHAEL
text: watching. The police rush to Michael's car and guide it
text: outside of the trouble area.
speaker_heading: MED. VIEW
text: as they lead and escort the Mercury out of the area.
scene_heading: EXT. HAVANA COUNTRY CLUB - CLOSE VIEW - DAY
text: Some glasses; rum is poured into them; then Coca Cola.
text: Quarter limes are squeezed.
speaker_heading: SAM ROTH (O.S.)
dialog: Rum... Coca Cola...a squeeze of
dialog: fresh lime...
text: Sam prepares the drinks for his brother, Hyman, and a group
dialog: of men, including Michael.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Cuba Libres.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I was told the Cubans now call this
dialog: drink: "La Mentira."
speaker_heading: ROTH
dialog: I still don't speak Spanish, Michael.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: It means... "The Lie."
text: A moment's hesitation, then a few of the men laugh. Now two
text: Cubans in white carry a table which has a lovely small cake
text: on it.
speaker_heading: SAM ROTH
dialog: The cake is here.
text: They all raise their glasses to the old man.
speaker_heading: EVERYONE
dialog: (ad lib)
dialog: Happy Birthday!
text: Roth glances at the cake and its inscription, is pleased.
speaker_heading: ROTH
dialog: I hope my age is correct: I am
dialog: always accurate about my age.
text: Some laugh. He nods, and they begin to cut it, put a piece
text: on plates, and carry them to the different men.
speaker_heading: ROTH
dialog: Everything we've learned in Vegas
dialog: is true here; but we can go further.
dialog: The bigger, the swankier, the
dialog: plusher the store, the more a sense
dialog: of legitimacy, and the bigger
dialog: business we do.
dialog: (looking at the plate
dialog: brought to him)
dialog: A smaller piece. What we've
dialog: proposed to the Cuban Government is
dialog: that it put up half the cash on a
dialog: dollar for dollar basis.
dialog: (accepting a smaller piece)
dialog: Thank you. We can find people in
dialog: the United States who will put up
dialog: our share for a small piece of the
dialog: action, yet we will retain control.
speaker_heading: ONE OF THE MEN
dialog: How much?
speaker_heading: ROTH
dialog: A hundred million dollars. But
dialog: only if this Government relaxes its
dialog: restrictions on importing building
dialog: materials; we'll need some new
dialog: laws, too, but that will be no
dialog: difficulty.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER MAN
dialog: What are import duties now?
speaker_heading: ROTH
dialog: As much as seventy percent. Also,
dialog: I'm working out an arrangement with
dialog: the Minister of Labor so that all
dialog: our pit bosses, stick-men and
dialog: Dealers, can be considered
dialog: specialized technicians eligible
dialog: for two year visas. As of now
dialog: they're only allowed in Cuba for
dialog: six months at a time. In short,
dialog: we're in a full partnership with
dialog: the Cuban Government.
scene_heading: VIEW ON MICHAEL
text: is handed a piece of cake. Roth moves over to a folder of
dialog: documents.
speaker_heading: ROTH
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Here are applications from Friends
dialog: all over the States. I understand
dialog: Santo Virgilio in Tampa is trying
dialog: to make his own deal. Well, the
dialog: Cuban Government will brush him off.
dialog: The Lakeville Road Boys are going
dialog: to take over the Nacionale here.
dialog: I'm planning a new hotel casino to
dialog: be known as Riviera. The new Capri
dialog: will go to the Corleone Family.
speaker_heading: MED. VIEW
text: The cake is sliced and carried to each of the men.
speaker_heading: ROTH
dialog: Then there's the Sevilla Biltmore;
dialog: the Havana Hilton, which is going
dialog: to cost twenty-four million --
dialog: Cuban banks will put up half, the
text: Teamsters will bankroll the rest.
dialog: Generally, there will be friends
dialog: for all our friends including the
dialog: Lieutenant Governor of Nevada;
dialog: Eddie Levine of Newport will bring
dialog: in the Pennino Brothers, Dino and
dialog: Eddie; they'll handle actual casino
dialog: operations.
dialog: And seeing that all of his friends have been served, Roth
text: raises his fork.
speaker_heading: ROTH
dialog: Enjoy.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I saw an interesting thing today.
dialog: A man was being arrested by the
dialog: Military Police; probably an urban
dialog: guerrilla. Rather than be taken
text: alive, he exploded a grenade hidden
text: in his jacket, taking the command
text: vehicle with him.
text: The various men look up as Michael eats his cake, wondering
dialog: what the point of it is.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: It occurred to me: the police are
dialog: paid to fight, and the Rebels are
dialog: not.
speaker_heading: SAM ROTH
dialog: So?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: So, that occurred to me.
speaker_heading: VIEW ON ROTH
text: He understands Michael's point, if the others do not.
speaker_heading: ROTH
dialog: This country has had rebels for the
dialog: last fifty years; it's part of
dialog: their blood. Believe me, I know...
dialog: I've been coming here since the
dialog: twenties; we were running molasses
dialog: out of Havana when you were a baby.
dialog: To trucks owned by your father.
text: (he chuckles warmly
dialog: over the memory)
dialog: We'll talk when we're alone.
text: And he returns his attention to the men who are gathered
text: with him on his birthday.
scene_heading: EXT. ROTH'S PRIVATE TERRACE - DAY
text: Michael sits alone with the old man, on a terrace that
text: overlooks the city.
speaker_heading: ROTH
dialog: You have to be careful what you say
text: in front of the others... they
dialog: frighten easy. It's always been
dialog: that way, most men frighten easy.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: We're making a big investment in
dialog: Cuba. That's my only concern.
speaker_heading: ROTH
dialog: My concern is that the three
dialog: million never arrived at Batista's
dialog: numbered account in Switzerland.
dialog: He thinks it's because you have
dialog: second thoughts about his ability
dialog: to stop the rebels.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: The money was sent.
speaker_heading: ROTH
dialog: Then you have to trace it. Michael,
dialog: people here look at me as a reliable
dialog: man. I can't afford not to be
dialog: looked on as a reliable man. But
dialog: you know all that; there's nothing
dialog: you can learn from me. You
dialog: shouldn't have to put up with a
text: sick old man as a partner.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I wouldn't consider anyone else.
speaker_heading: ROTH
dialog: Except the President of the United
dialog: States.
text: He laughs slyly, as though this is some private joke between
text: them. Then his laughter becomes a cough, which he painfully
text: stifles with a handkerchief.
speaker_heading: ROTH
dialog: If only I could live to see it,
dialog: kid; to be there with you. How
dialog: beautifully we've done it, step by
dialog: step. Here, protected, free to
dialog: make our profits without the
dialog: Justice Department, the FBI; ninety
text: miles away in partnership with a
dialog: friendly government. Ninety miles,
dialog: just a small step, looking for a
dialog: man who desperately wants to be
dialog: President of the United States, and
dialog: having the cash to make it possible.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: You'll be there to see it; you'll
dialog: be there.
scene_heading: INT. MICHAEL'S SUITE - NIGHT
text: The telephone has just rung; Michael listens.
speaker_heading: OPERATOR
dialog: We have your call to Tahoe, Nevada,
dialog: sir.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Thank you.
dialog: (click, click)
dialog: Tom? Tom, is that you?
speaker_heading: ROCCO (O.S.)
dialog: No, Tom's out of town. This is
dialog: Rocco. Who is this?
text: Michael is openly disturbed that Hagen is not there. He
text: hangs up without answering.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW ENGLAND HOUSE - DAY
text: Tom Hagen steps out of a taxicab a bit tentatively, and then
text: steps toward the door of a pleasant New England house. He
text: rings the bell and waits, hat in hand. A moment later, the
text: door opens, and Kay is standing there.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: I'm not surprised to see you, Tom.
scene_heading: INT. SMALL ROOM - NEW ENGLAND HOUSE - MED. VIEW - DAY
text: Out to the yard, where we can see glimpses of little Anthony
text: playing by himself.
speaker_heading: KAY (O.S.)
dialog: I can't love a man like that; I
dialog: can't live with him, I can't let
dialog: him be father to my children. Look.
text: The little boy, moodily by himself.
speaker_heading: VIEW ON KAY
dialog: obviously moved.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: He's not like a little boy... he
dialog: doesn't talk to me; he doesn't want
dialog: to play; he doesn't like other
dialog: children, he doesn't like toys.
text: It's as though he's waiting for the
dialog: time he can take his Father's place.
dialog: (almost in tears)
dialog: You know what he told me when he
dialog: was four years old. He said he had
dialog: killed his Grandfather...
speaker_heading: VIEW ON HAGEN
text: listening, calmly.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: ... He said he had shot his
text: Grandfather with a gun, and then he
dialog: died in the garden. And he asked
dialog: me... he asked me, Tom, if that
dialog: meant now his father would shoot
dialog: him out of... revenge.
dialog: (she cries)
dialog: How does a four year old boy learn
dialog: the word... 'revenge'?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Kay... Kay...
speaker_heading: VIEW ON KAY
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: What kind of a family is this...
dialog: are we human beings? He knows his
dialog: Father killed his Uncle Carlo. He
dialog: heard Connie.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: You don't know that's true. But
dialog: Kay, just for the sake of an
dialog: argument, let's assume it is, I'm
dialog: not saying it is, remember, but...
dialog: What if I gave you what might be
dialog: some justification for what he
dialog: did... or rather some possible
dialog: justification for what he possibly
dialog: did.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: That's the first time I've seen the
dialog: lawyer side of you, Tom. It's not
dialog: your best side.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Okay, just hear me out. What if
dialog: Carlo had been paid to help get
dialog: Sonny killed? What if his beating
dialog: of Connie that time was a deliberate
dialog: plot to get Sonny out into the open?
dialog: Then what? And what if the Don, a
dialog: great man, couldn't bring himself
dialog: to do what he had to do, avenge his
dialog: son's death by killing his
dialog: daughter's husband? What if that,
dialog: finally, was too much for him, and
dialog: he made Michael his successor,
dialog: knowing that Michael would take
dialog: that load off his shoulders, would
dialog: take that guilt?
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: He's not the same as when I met him.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: If he were, he'd be dead by now.
dialog: You'd be a widow. You'd have no
dialog: problem.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: What the hell does that mean? Come
dialog: on, Tom, speak out straight once in
dialog: your life. I know Michael can't,
dialog: but you're not Sicilian, you can
dialog: tell a woman the truth; you can
dialog: treat her like an equal, a fellow
dialog: human being.
text: There is a long silence.
text: Then Hagen shakes his head; he can tell her no more.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: If you told Michael what I've told
dialog: you today, I'm a dead man.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: When is it finally over? I want it
dialog: to be over before my baby is born.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: I don't know. I hope soon; but
dialog: it's not over yet, and that's why
dialog: you and the kids have to come back
dialog: to me.
text: He looks at her; it's clear that he has been entrusted with
dialog: her safety and her children's.
text: He is a kind, good man, and seems very nervous and
text: overwrought.
text: VIEW ON THE WINDOW
text: Little Anthony is pressing his face against the glass pane,
text: as though he senses the adults are discussing something of
dialog: importance to him.
scene_heading: INT. TROPICANA HOTEL-CASINO - MED. VIEW - NIGHT
text: The Baccarat table. Busy, hundred dollar bills being played.
speaker_heading: LOUDSPEAKER
dialog: Mr. Corleone; Mr. Freddie Corleone,
dialog: telephone please.
speaker_heading: PIT BOSS
dialog: Not here.
text: VIEW ON THE CRAP TABLES
text: The play is fast; pit boss presiding; but no sign of Fredo.
speaker_heading: LOUDSPEAKER
text: Telephone for Mr. Corleone.
scene_heading: ANOTHER PART OF THE CASINO
text: We see Neri, ominous, presiding over the entire store. He
text: picks up a pit telephone.
speaker_heading: NERI
text: He's backstage.
text: (and hangs up disgustedly)
scene_heading: INT. TROPICANA BACKSTAGE AREA - MED. VIEW - NIGHT
text: Fredo is entertaining two showgirls done up in feathers and
dialog: what-have-you.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: C'mon, you got fifteen minutes
dialog: before the finale! I want to show
dialog: you a trick with feathers.
speaker_heading: STAGEHAND
dialog: Phone for you.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: Don't go away; wait a minute.
text: He takes the phone; we can catch a VIEW of the show going on
text: from the wings.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: (on the phone)
dialog: Yeah. Okay. Who? Mikey? But...
dialog: Si... si, caposco.
dialog: (in Sicilian)
dialog: Sure... how much? I understand.
dialog: Jesus, three million... I won't let
dialog: you down. Sure.
text: He hangs up thoughtfully.
speaker_heading: ONE OF THE GIRLS
dialog: Freddie; we still got twelve
dialog: minutes before the finale!
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: Yeah... some other time.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK BAR - DAY
text: There is a light rain. Pentangeli steps out of his car;
text: points to Willy Cicci.
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
text: Wait in the car.
text: He walks up the street, to the bar, where he is greeted by
text: the tall, handsome Carmine Rosato. They shake hands.
text: Pentangeli looks in his hand.
speaker_heading: CLOSE VIEW
text: Rosato has put a crisp one hundred dollar bill in his hand,
text: folded sharply in two.
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: What's this?
speaker_heading: ROSATO
dialog: That's a lucky C note for our new
dialog: deal.
text: He puts his arm around Pentangeli, and they walk into the bar.
scene_heading: INT. THE BAR - DAY
text: The bar is fairly empty; and very dark. Pentangeli and
text: Rosato step up to the bar; the bartender momentarily stops
text: polishing glasses to pour a couple of drinks.
speaker_heading: ROSATO
dialog: We were all real happy about your
dialog: decision, Frankie; you're not goin'
dialog: to regret it.
text: He holds up the glass.
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: I don't like the C-note. I take it
text: like an insult.
text: Suddenly, a garrote is thrown around Pentangeli's throat;
text: and he is forcefully yanked back into the shadows, all the
text: way into a wooden telephone booth.
speaker_heading: CLOSE VIEW
text: The folded hundred dollar bill resting on the bar.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE - THE PHONE BOOTH
text: We see only Pentangeli's feet and legs, struggling. We HEAR
text: the terrible sounds of a man being strangled.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON ROSATO
text: Calm, and then he sees something that disturbs him.
speaker_heading: ROSATO
dialog: Shit, your friend the cop!
text: Suddenly, the side door opens, and a shaft of sunlight cuts
text: through the darkness.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Everything all right in there,
dialog: Ritchie? The door was open.
text: CLOSE ON THE PHONE BOOTH
text: Pentangeli's feet stop moving.
speaker_heading: RITCHIE
dialog: Just cleaning up.
dialog: (strained voice)
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Is that something on the floor?
speaker_heading: ROSATO
dialog: Take him!
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: RITCHIE
dialog: Not here; not a cop, not here!
text: Two figures race through the shadows and race through the
dialog: doors.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: (shouting to his
dialog: partner, in uniform)
dialog: Stutz! Watch out, Stutz!
scene_heading: EXT. THE BAR - DAY
text: We see that a patrol car had stopped for its routine visit.
text: STUTZ, the second patrolman, is just stepping out of his
text: car; Pentangeli's bodyguard, seeing the commotion, leaps out.
text: Three men, including Rosato, rush out. There is gunfire;
text: Cicci is wounded.
speaker_heading: MED. CLOSE
text: The patrolmen is grazed across the face; trying to stop the
text: flow of blood with his hand.
speaker_heading: NEW VIEW
text: The three assailants jump into the car and drive off.
scene_heading: INT. THE BAR - DAY
text: The stricken Pentangeli comes back to life. He can barely
dialog: move his lips.
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: The bastard. The dirty bastard, he
dialog: gave me a C-note. He gave me a C-
dialog: note.
text: He sees the patrolman leaning over him.
scene_heading: EXT. PATROL CAR - DAY
text: The Sergeant is on the car radio.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: Frankie Pentangeli murder attempt.
text: Patrolman Stutz shot. Sahara
dialog: Lounge - Utica Avenue and Claredon
dialog: Road. White Cadillac three or four
text: men took off from scene. Need
dialog: ambulance; Stutz is bad. Taking
dialog: Pentangeli into custody...
scene_heading: INT. ROTH'S SUITE IN HAVANA - MED. CLOSE VIEW ON ROTH - DAY
text: His wizened face, pale. Right now, though, his eyes have a
text: sparkle as he watches three million dollars in cold cash
text: being counted on a card table in front of him.
text: His brother Sam is present, and the sandy-haired Courier, a
text: little nervous; the one who had left from the Tropicana with
dialog: the Corleone skim-money. Also Johnny Ola. The money is
text: evidently all there; Roth picks up a packet; probably a
text: hundred thousand dollars, and throws it over to the Courier.
speaker_heading: ROTH
dialog: Make it fast; I don't want to
text: chance him being seen.
speaker_heading: COURIER
dialog: (frightened)
dialog: What about the arrangements? How
dialog: can I be sure about the arrangements?
speaker_heading: OLA
dialog: Relax. You're under our protection;
dialog: the Corleone family will never find
dialog: you.
text: Ola leads the Courier to the adjoining room where two
text: smartly dressed Military (Cuban) Police are standing, and a
text: civilian. The Courier sees them, looks back to Ola. One of
text: the police steps forward, placing the Courier under arrest;
text: handcuffing him.
speaker_heading: COURIER
dialog: Hey, what's this?
text: The other takes the packet of money, and hands it to the
text: civilian, who places it in the briefcase he carries. The
text: other officer kneels down and fastens leg manacles.
speaker_heading: COURIER
dialog: The arrangements... YOU BASTARDS!
dialog: What...
text: The Captain strikes him expertly across the side of his head
text: with his pistol.
text: Ola closes the door on this scene.
scene_heading: EXT. THE HAVANA CAPRI - DAY
text: Fredo Corleone steps out of a car, squints up at the sunshine
text: and palm trees. He is holding on tightly to a small satchel,
text: which he won't let the bellman carry along with his other
dialog: things.
scene_heading: INT. MICHAEL'S SUITE - MED. CLOSE VIEW - DAY
text: Michael and Fredo in a brother's embrace; they kiss each
text: other. Fredo is still in his jacket, holding the satchel.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: Mikey. How are you?
text: He glances up at Bussetta, who doesn't say a word. Fredo
text: extends his hand.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: Hiya, Freddie Corleone.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Mio fratello.
text: Then Bussetta offers his hand back to Fredo.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: (taking off his jacket)
dialog: What a trip, Jesus Christ, the
dialog: whole time I'm thinking what if
dialog: someone knew what I got in here.
text: He undoes the combination of the briefcase starts taking out
text: cash. Then he stops, remembering that there's a stranger in
dialog: the room.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: Oh, 'scuse me.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: It's all right. He stays with me
dialog: all the time.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: Oh. Mikey, what's up? I'm totally
text: in the dark.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: We're making an investment in Havana.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: Great, Havana's great. Lots of
dialog: activity in Havana! Anybody I know
dialog: here. Five-Angels? Anybody?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Johnny Ola... Hyman Roth.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: I never met them.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
text: Pentangeli's dead. He was ambushed
dialog: by the Rosato Brothers.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Didn't you know that?
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: No. No, I didn't. Who tells me
dialog: anything? I been kept in the dark
dialog: so long, I'm getting used to it.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I want you to help me, Fredo.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: That's what I'm here for.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Tonight I want to relax with you.
dialog: The Senator from Nevada is here
dialog: with some people from Washington.
dialog: I want to show them a good time in
dialog: Havana.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: Count on me; that's my specialty.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I'd like to come along. There's
dialog: been a lot of strain, and I've been
dialog: cooped up in this room for three
dialog: days.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: Me and you, great! Gimme an hour
dialog: to wash my face and do my research
dialog: and we'll have these Washington
dialog: suckers right where you want 'em.
dialog: (then a thought
dialog: strikes him)
dialog: Poor Frankie Five-Angels. He
dialog: always wanted to die in bed...with
dialog: a broad.
scene_heading: INT. ROTH'S SUITE - MED. VIEW - DAY
text: Michael stands at Roth's door carrying the briefcase that
dialog: Fredo had brought.
text: A hotel DOCTOR takes Hyman Roth's blood pressure, while his
text: wife waits nervously.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: (Spanish)
dialog: You must not exert yourself; I will
dialog: write out a prescription and come
dialog: back tomorrow.
speaker_heading: HOTEL MAN
dialog: He's going to write a prescription.
speaker_heading: ROTH
dialog: I want my own doctor; fly him in
dialog: from Miami. I don't trust a doctor
dialog: who can't speak English.
text: The doctor is shown out. Roth gestures to the hotel man,
text: who also leaves. Then he looks to his wife.
speaker_heading: ROTH
dialog: Honey, go down to the casino?
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: If you feel better...
speaker_heading: ROTH
dialog: I do. Play the Bingo game.
text: They kiss, and she leaves. Also Bussetta and Ola remain.
speaker_heading: ROTH
dialog: My sixth sense tells me you have a
dialog: bag full of money in your hand.
text: Ola locks the door; Michael nods, and opens the bag, spilling
text: its contents on the card table.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: This doubles my investment.
speaker_heading: ROTH
dialog: Still no word of your courier?
dialog: We'll find him. But at least this
dialog: will satisfy our friends here.
dialog: You've been invited to the New Year
text: reception at the Presidential Home.
dialog: I understand your brother is here
dialog: as well; I hope he'll come.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Six million dollars in cash is a
dialog: high price for a piece of a country
text: in the middle of a revolution.
text: Roth looks patiently at Michael, as though he were a child
dialog: who hadn't minded the lesson that he had been taught over
dialog: and over again.
speaker_heading: ROTH
dialog: You're a careful kid, and that's
dialog: good. But look. An international
text: dispatch on the wire service.
dialog: American journalism, not propaganda.
dialog: The government troops have all but
dialog: eliminated the rebels. All but
dialog: their radio station.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I've read it; I'm pleased that the
dialog: government is doing so well. As a
dialog: heavy investor, I'm pleased. How
dialog: did the doctor find you?
speaker_heading: ROTH
dialog: Terrible. I'd give twice this
dialog: amount to take a piss without it
dialog: hurting.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Who had Frankie Pantangeli killed?
speaker_heading: ROTH
dialog: (taken a bit off-balance)
dialog: Why...the Rosato Brothers.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I know that; but who gave the go
dialog: ahead.
text: Roth glances to Ola; he is not a fool; he realizes Michael
text: has begun to suspect him.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I know it wasn't me...so that
dialog: leaves you.
speaker_heading: ROTH
dialog: There was this kid that I grew up
dialog: with; he was a couple years younger
dialog: than me, and sort of looked up to
dialog: me, you know. We did our first
dialog: work together, worked our way out
dialog: of the street. Things were good
dialog: and we made the most of it. During
dialog: prohibition, we ran molasses up to
dialog: Canada and made a fortune; your
dialog: father too. I guess as much as
dialog: anyone, I loved him and trusted him.
dialog: Later on he had an idea to make a
text: city out of a desert stop-over for
text: G.I.'s on the way to the West Coast.
dialog: That kid's name was Moe Greene, and
dialog: the city he invented was Las Vegas.
dialog: This was a great man; a man with
dialog: vision and guts; and there isn't
dialog: even a plaque or a signpost or a
dialog: statue of him in that town. Someone
dialog: put a bullet through his eye; no
dialog: one knows who gave the order. When
dialog: I heard about it I wasn't angry. I
dialog: knew Moe; I knew he was headstrong,
dialog: and talking loud, and saying stupid
dialog: things. So when he turned up dead,
dialog: I let it go, and said to myself:
dialog: this is the business we've chosen.
dialog: I never asked, who gave the go
dialog: ahead because it had nothing to do
dialog: with business.
text: He regards Michael silently a moment.
speaker_heading: ROTH
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: There's three million dollars on
dialog: that table. I'm going to lie down,
dialog: maybe take a nap. When I wake up,
dialog: if it's still there, I'll know I
dialog: have a partner. If it's gone, then
dialog: I'll know I don't.
text: The old man turns, and moves in his slippers, toward his
dialog: bedroom.
scene_heading: INT. THE CORRIDOR - DAY
text: Michael closes the door, and moves down the hallway. He is
text: followed by Bussetta, who had waited in the corridor.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: How sick do you think the old man is?
speaker_heading: BUSSETTA
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: He'll live longer than me.
scene_heading: INT. TROPICOR NIGHT CLUB - VIEW ON THE SHOW - NIGHT
text: A Havana extravaganza, with tall, beautiful showgirls done
text: up in flamboyant, 'South-of-the-Border' Carmen Miranda
text: costumes; the lead singer is a six foot blonde doing "Rum
text: and Coca Cola" in that style. Her name is YOLANDA.
speaker_heading: MED. VIEW
text: At a large round table, located in an obvious VIP section of
text: the high, tropically draped room with living ferns and other
text: tropical planting with artificial stars.
text: Michael rises, to be introduced by Fredo to some conservative
text: looking Senatorial types, including Senator Pat Geary of
text: Nevada. We notice Bussetta standing nearby.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: Does everyone know everyone, or
dialog: nobody knows nobody. Here, my
dialog: brother, Michael Corleone... well,
dialog: you know Senator Geary.
text: Geary warmly shakes Michael's hand.
speaker_heading: SENATOR GEARY
dialog: Good to see you, Mike; I'm glad we
dialog: can spend this time together.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: This is Senator Payton from Florida;
dialog: Judge DeMalco from New York...
dialog: Senator Ream... Mr. Questadt from
dialog: California, he's a lawyer with the
dialog: Price-Control Administration. And
dialog: Fred Corngold of U T&amp;T.
text: They all make themselves comfortable. A waiter with a tray
text: of drinks appears.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: Gentlemen... your pleasure? Cuba
dialog: Libres, Pina Coladas, you name it.
speaker_heading: SENATOR GEARY
dialog: I'll take a Yolanda.
text: Laughter.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: Later, later. All those girls look
dialog: like they're on stilts!
text: The various tropical drinks are distributed.
speaker_heading: SENATOR GEARY
dialog: To a night in Havana!
text: They all join in.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: (aside to Michael)
dialog: Jeeze, it's great you came along,
dialog: Mike... You know, we've never spent
text: a night out on the town together.
dialog: I always thought you looked down on
dialog: me for liking a good time.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I never looked down on you, Fredo.
dialog: You don't look down at a brother.
scene_heading: INT. THE CASINO - NIGHT
text: By now the group has made its way into the casino. Some of
text: them are crowded around the crap table; Senator Geary is
text: with the enormous and beautiful Yolanda, who barely speaks
text: English. There are other girls with some of the men; not
text: with Michael, who gambles dollars while talking to Corngold.
speaker_heading: CORNGOLD
dialog: Our information is that Castro is
dialog: dead. There are maybe a few
dialog: hundred die-hards in the Sierra
dialog: Muestra; but government troops are
dialog: going to clean them out any day.
text: Johnny Ola approaches Michael.
speaker_heading: OLA
dialog: Mike, can I talk to you.
text: Michael follows Ola toward the Baccarat table; a watchful
text: Bussetta moves, a distance away, with them.
speaker_heading: OLA
dialog: Listen, this Senator from Florida
dialog: already has a hundred grand worth
text: of markers on the table.
text: We can see Senator Ream at the table, making thousand dollar
text: bets on the Bank.
speaker_heading: OLA
dialog: They asked him to sign paper to
dialog: take down the markers; but he got
dialog: mad; told them to wait until he was
dialog: finished.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Let him gamble.
speaker_heading: OLA
dialog: Okay. You know he doesn't have
dialog: that kind of money.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: Mike said let him gamble.
text: Fredo puts his arm around his brother; he is high with the
text: first attention Mike has ever given him, as though finally
text: he is being taken seriously; as though his brother needs him.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: Mike, I got something special up my
dialog: sleeve for these boys. You ever
dialog: hear of "Superman?" And I don't
dialog: mean the comic book.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: Wait'll you see!
scene_heading: INT. HAVANA BAR - NIGHT
dialog: Our group are in a large Havana bar; the walls totally
text: covered with hundreds of fifths of different types of rum
dialog: and other liquor.
text: A couple of the girls from the show are out with the men;
text: Yolanda herself is giving them a private song and dance.
text: Fredo is a little loaded, and especially attentive to
dialog: Michael this night.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: Mikey, why would they ever hit poor
dialog: old Frankie Five-Angels? I loved
dialog: that ole sonuvabitch. I remember
dialog: when he was just a 'button,' when
dialog: we were kids. We used to put
dialog: bedsheets on our heads, you know,
dialog: like we were ghosts. An' ole
dialog: Frankie come peek into our room,
dialog: we'd jump up, and he'd always
dialog: pretend like he was really scared.
dialog: You remember?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: It was hard to have him killed.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: You? What do you mean you, I
dialog: thought...
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: It was hard to have him killed.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: You? What do you mean you, I
dialog: thought...
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: It was Frankie tried to have me hit.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: No. I mean, are you sure?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: You know otherwise, Freddie?
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: Me? NO, no, I don't know anything.
dialog: Fellas! You're all falling asleep.
dialog: We got to see Superman.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON MICHAEL
text: A growing feeling about his brother.
scene_heading: EXT. GARISH HAVANA STREET - NIGHT
text: The street is lit with tons of neon signs; it is alive with
text: people; some roving bands of musicians. Everywhere are
text: little boys running around, begging for money. And in
text: doorways and windows are silent, dark-skinned women.
speaker_heading: SENATOR REAM
dialog: (pushing away from
dialog: the palm outstretched
dialog: little hands of the boys)
dialog: Goddamn beggers. Goddamn city of
text: beggars and pimps and whores. And
dialog: we bend over backwards to support
dialog: them with the goddamn sugar quota.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: (to Geary)
dialog: What's eating him?
speaker_heading: SENATOR GEARY
dialog: He lost a quarter million dollars
text: at the casino.
speaker_heading: SENATOR REAM
dialog: ...goddamn city of whores...
speaker_heading: SENATOR GEARY
dialog: He gave them a bad check.
scene_heading: INT. 'SUPERMAN SHOW' - MED. VIEW - NIGHT
text: A large room with a succession of platforms arranged step-
text: like around a circular area which becomes a stage.
dialog: There are a hundred or so people, practically all men,
text: tourists and business men, standing on the different levels,
text: forming the audience.
text: In the center of the stage is a thick, telephone type pole,
text: to which is tied a young Cuban girl, in a flimsy white
text: sacrificial slip. A small band, mostly drummers, play some
dialog: Latin music.
speaker_heading: MED. VIEW
text: Fredo's party standing on the ramp, looking down at the
text: spectacle. They're a little woozy from the drinks and late
text: hour. Michael is with them, but now we sense he is using
text: this time, with all exhausted and drunk, to come to some
dialog: important conclusions.
speaker_heading: QUESTADT
dialog: Why do we have to stand?
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: Everyone stands. But it's worth
dialog: it, watch!
text: VIEW ON THE ARENA
text: Now two high priestesses, scantily clad, bring in a tall and
text: muscular Cuban, done up in chains and loin cloth, as though
dialog: he were a captured slave. This is SUPERMAN
text: VIEW ACROSS THE MEN TO THE STAGE
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: That's him; that's Superman!
text: Some preliminary pornographic proceedings go on, as the
text: priestesses lead the slave to the virgin tied to the post.
text: The music is percussive and wild.
scene_heading: MED. VIEW ON THE MEN
speaker_heading: SENATOR GEARY
dialog: Ohmygod. I don't believe it.
speaker_heading: QUESTADT
dialog: It's got to be fake.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: That's why they call him Superman.
dialog: Johnny Ola told me about this; I
dialog: didn't believe it.
text: CLOSE on Michael turning away. Not because of the spectacle
text: which he finds disgusting, but at what his brother is saying.
speaker_heading: FREDO (O.S.)
dialog: ... but seeing is believing. Ole
dialog: Johnny knows all the places. I
dialog: tol' you... can you believe it?
dialog: If Michael would ever allow himself to cry, it would be now.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: The old man Roth, would never come;
dialog: but Johnny knows these places like
text: the back of his hand...
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. MICHAEL'S SUITE - MED. VIEW - MORNING
text: Michael is alone in his bedroom; it seems as though he
text: hasn't slept very much, but sits by his window, looking out
text: at the city. He is troubled and tired.
dialog: His radio is on:
speaker_heading: RADIO
dialog: (Spanish)
dialog: "This is Rebel Radio: Rebel troops
dialog: of Column Four 'Jose Marti' took
dialog: the town of Baire yesterday at 8:30
dialog: p.m. The enemy has retreated..."
scene_heading: EXT. CUBAN STREET - MORNING
text: This street in Havana is like a Caribbean tourist city with
text: no indication of the revolution in progress.
text: Michael walks along the street, alone, past the Cubans on
dialog: their way to work; past the American ladies who have gotten
text: up early for their shopping spree.
speaker_heading: RADIO
dialog: (Spanish)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ... An important military action is
text: developing along a 35-kilometer
text: stretch of the Central Highway.
text: Numerous enemy garrisons are left
dialog: with two alternatives, surrender or
dialog: annihilation...
text: One full block away, Bussetta rides in the front seat of the
text: dark Mercury, driving slowly, giving Michael his privacy,
text: but never letting him out of Bussetta's sight.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON MICHAEL
dialog: watching.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL'S VIEW
text: Shopkeepers happily luring the tourists into their shops in
text: broken English. Havana is prosperous.
speaker_heading: RADIO
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ... Victories in war depend on a
dialog: minimum on weapons and to a maximum
dialog: on morale...
scene_heading: VIEW ON MICHAEL
text: glances back to the dark car following him. In a moment, it
text: pulls up to him, and he gets into the back seat.
scene_heading: EXT. AMERICAN MILITARY MISSION - VIEW ON MICHAEL - DAY
text: standing by his car, looking through the cyclone fencing
dialog: that borders this military training camp operated by the
text: American Army near the city.
speaker_heading: RADIO
dialog: ... War is not a simple question of
text: rifles, bullets, guns and planes...
text: CLOSER VIEW INTO THE CAMP
scene_heading: EXT. HAVANA STREET - DAY
text: A street singer, followed by a guitarist sings Jose Marti's
text: words of "Guantanamera." It is solemn, as though it is a
text: song of protest, a song of the revolution.
text: Nearby, in a restaurant, Michael has lunch with Fredo.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: How is your wife, Fredo...your
dialog: marriage?
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: (eating)
dialog: You know her; drives me crazy, one
dialog: minute she's a popsicle, the next
dialog: she's all vinegar. Sometimes I
dialog: think... I think - I should a
dialog: married someone, like you did. To
dialog: have kids, to have a family.
text: Michael turns, distracted for a moment at something the
dialog: singer has sung.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: "Yo soy un hombre sincero..."
dialog: I am a sincere man,
dialog: From the land of the palms...
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: The song. Are you sincere with me,
dialog: Fredo?
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: Sincere. What are you talking
dialog: about, of course I'm sincere with
dialog: you, Mike.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Then I'm going to confide in you;
dialog: trust you with something.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: Mike, are you crazy, I'm your
dialog: brother.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Tonight we've been invited to a
dialog: reception at the Presidential
dialog: Palace; to bring in the New Year.
dialog: You and I will go in a special car
dialog: that's being sent. They'll have
dialog: cocktails... then dinner, and a
dialog: reception with the President. When
dialog: it's over, it will be suggested
dialog: that you take Questadt and his
dialog: friends from Washington to spend
dialog: the night with some women. I'll go
dialog: home alone in the car; and before I
dialog: reach the hotel, I'll be
dialog: assassinated.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: ...Who?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: The same man who tried in Nevada...
dialog: Hyman Roth, not Pentangeli.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: But, you told me yourself...
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: It was never Pentangeli... I've
dialog: always known that. It was Roth all
dialog: along. He talks to me as a son; as
dialog: his successor, but the old man
dialog: thinks he'll live forever.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: What do you want me to do?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: To go tonight, with me, as though
dialog: we know nothing. I've already made
dialog: my move.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: What is it? Can I help?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: The old man will never bring in the
dialog: New Year.
text: Fredo realizes what he means; looks immediately to Bussetta,
text: who had been sitting near the door and the musicians. He is
dialog: gone.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL CORRIDOR - MOVING VIEW ON BUSSETTA - NIGHT
dialog: The first time ever away from Michael, moving toward us
text: quickly. He stops, knocks on the door of Roth's suite.
text: Then quickly for a man his size, he moves without noise to
text: the adjoining door, opens it with a key, and disappears
dialog: inside.
text: A moment elapses on the empty corridor, and then a roused
text: Johnny Ola, opens the first door. He steps out into the
text: corridor, to see who had knocked. Confused, he is about to
text: return inside, when Bussetta easily breaks his neck in two
text: from behind.
scene_heading: INT. THE SUITE - MED. VIEW - NIGHT
text: as Bussetta quietly pulls the limp body of Johnny Ola, his
text: head bent at an impossible angle, and lays it at the foot of
dialog: the couch.
scene_heading: EXT. PRESIDENTIAL PALACE - NIGHT
text: Guards who are regular troops patrol the Palace in twos,
text: carrying machine weapons.
text: Now an elite officer, checks the identification of the
text: various cars carrying dignitaries, as they are driven up to
text: the Palace. The one being inspected at the moment contains
text: Fredo and Michael. We can see the beautifully dressed
text: people on their way to the reception, and sense the cheerful
dialog: mood of this New Year's Eve.
scene_heading: INT. THE SUITE - NIGHT
text: Bussetta bends over Ola's body, tying the wrists and knees
text: with electrical extensions. He then easily carries the body
text: to the small balcony which all the rooms have.
scene_heading: EXT. THE BALCONY - NIGHT
text: Bussetta swings the body over the side of the balcony
text: railing; tying the extension cord to the railing, and
text: suspending the body so that it is invisible both from the
text: inside and out during the night.
scene_heading: INT. PRESIDENTIAL PALACE - VIEW ON THE MAIN FOYER - NIGHT
text: The PRESIDENT, his WIFE and six oldest CHILDREN great
text: formally the many beautifully and affluently dressed guests.
text: He speaks to them in Spanish, as one by one they file to him.
text: Michael and Fredo are presented in a group with several
dialog: other Americans, including several of the American
dialog: businessmen with interests in Cuba.
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS OF HAVANA - MED. VIEW - NIGHT
text: The excitement of the night is beginning to build; people
text: are out in the streets; poor people, but they are
text: enthusiastic and lively.
speaker_heading: NEW VIEW
text: Traffic stops, as an ambulance speeds its way to a hospital;
text: SIREN going.
scene_heading: INT. THE SUITE - NIGHT
text: Bussetta delicately picks up a small satin cushion that had
text: fallen from the couch, and replaces it as though nothing had
text: happened. Slowly he cracks the door open which adjoins
text: Roth's bedroom. There is a slight commotion; whispered
dialog: voices.
speaker_heading: BUSSETTA'S VIEW
text: Terri, Mrs. Roth, is crying. A group of men lift Hyman
text: Roth's frail body onto a stretcher.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON BUSSETTA
text: realizes that this is the man he is to kill.
scene_heading: CLOSER VIEW ON ROTH
text: He is alive; breathing hard with his mouth dry and open.
text: The doctor examines him, and then gives instructions to the
text: orderly who carries him out, presumably to the ambulance.
text: Bussetta closes the door on this VIEW.
scene_heading: INT. PRESIDENTIAL PALACE - NIGHT
text: An orchestra plays for the guests, as an army of waiters
text: serve champagne and hors d'oeuvres. Michael relaxes with
text: Senator Geary, Major Leon, and several of the Americans.
speaker_heading: QUESTADT
dialog: The embargo on arms shipments from
dialog: the U.S. to your government, was
dialog: just a necessary public relations
dialog: move... Only last month, your air
dialog: force received a major shipment of
dialog: rockets...
text: Michael glances at his watch; Fredo concentrates on this.
speaker_heading: SENATOR GEARY
dialog: We believe in non-intervention...
dialog: but the agreement stipulates that
dialog: our forces may be withdrawn... but
dialog: as you've seen, we have not
dialog: withdrawn them.
speaker_heading: CORNGOLD
dialog: And my guess is that President
dialog: Eisenhower won't pull out while we
dialog: have over three billion invested
dialog: over here.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Fredo. Where are you going?
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: Nowhere, Mike. I wanted to get a
dialog: refill. How about you?
scene_heading: EXT. HAVANA HOSPITAL - MED. VIEW - NIGHT
text: The ambulance makes its way up to the emergency section of
text: the hospital. The orderlies quickly carry the old man
text: inside. His wife and the doctor, and several of his men,
text: follow in another car.
speaker_heading: THE VIEW ALTERS
text: and we see Bussetta waiting in the shadows.
scene_heading: EXT. HAVANA STREETS - NIGHT
text: The growing crowds of Cubans begin their celebration.
speaker_heading: NEW VIEW
text: A Cuban military detachment speeds along in the night,
text: motorcyclists clear a path through the celebrants.
scene_heading: INT. PRESIDENTIAL PALACE - FULL VIEW - NIGHT
text: A full sitdown dinner is being served the guests. Michael
text: sits at a table at dinner with several of the distinguished
text: Cubans, and some of the American businessmen.
speaker_heading: QUESTADT
dialog: What's kept Mr. Roth?
text: Fredo looks up at Michael.
text: In the back of the room, we notice the detachment of military
text: moving quickly through the reception room on their way to
text: the President's private quarters. Michael notices it as well.
scene_heading: INT. THE HOSPITAL CORRIDOR - FULL VIEW - NIGHT
text: The activity at the end of the hall has come to rest; we can
text: tell that the doctor tells Mrs. Roth that she should go, the
text: old man will be taken to a room where he can rest.
text: Gradually, these people leave him in the care of the hospital
dialog: staff.
text: Bussetta watches from the distance of the hallway; after the
text: old man has been moved, he quietly walks down the hallway to
dialog: the room.
speaker_heading: HIS VIEW
text: A nurse sits in the room in attendance; Hyman Roth is
text: asleep, his mouth wide open, breathing noisily.
scene_heading: VIEW ON BUSSETTA
text: hears footsteps, quickly steps away from the door, and into
dialog: another room.
text: Some nurses and attendants speak to the nurse in the room in
text: Spanish; one has brought a small bottle of wine, and
dialog: obviously they are inviting the nurse to have a New Year's
text: toast with them. They laugh; and the nurse steps away from
text: the room for a moment.
text: Bussetta moves slowly back into the room, alone with the
dialog: helpless Roth.
scene_heading: INT. PRESIDENTIAL PALACE - FULL VIEW ON THE GUESTS - NIGHT
text: seeing in the New Year; a great banner is hoisted up in
dialog: Spanish, welcoming 1959.
text: Hands are shaken; kisses exchanged.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE VIEW
text: Michael and Fredo in an embrace; they kiss one another.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I've arranged for a plane; we're
dialog: going to Miami in an hour. Try not
dialog: to make a big thing of it.
text: He kisses his brother once again.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: I know it was you, Fredo. You've
dialog: broken my heart.
text: Slowly, understanding, Fredo backs away from his brother,
text: taking the kiss another way.
text: A little distance away, Major Leon notices an old woman, one
text: of the President's maids, moving across the alcove, carrying
text: her suitcases.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: What a pity; she's crying. Must
dialog: have been fired, and she's been
dialog: with the President's family for
dialog: twenty years.
scene_heading: EXT. HAVANA STREETS - NIGHT
text: The gathered crowd joyously welcomes the New Year. We
text: notice the continual military movement.
speaker_heading: MED. VIEW
text: A family surreptitiously leaves their home, carrying
text: suitcases and belongings.
scene_heading: INT. ROTH'S HOSPITAL ROOM - NIGHT
text: Bussetta raises a hospital pillow, and easily begins to
text: smother the thin old man, who can barely struggle.
text: OUT IN THE HALL
text: A detachment of military move quickly, accompanied by some
text: of Roth's men, as though they have important news that must
dialog: be dealt with.
text: They pass the small group of aides and nurses welcoming the
dialog: New Year.
text: Seeing them, the nurse assigned to him, puts down her glass
text: and moves quickly to the room.
text: She opens the door, and lays bare the sight of Bussetta
text: smothering Roth. Bussetta turns quickly; and one of the
text: military takes out his pistol and shoots several times at
text: his head.
scene_heading: INT. PRESIDENTIAL PALACE - NIGHT
text: The entire reception has been disrupted for an announcement;
text: all the guests in their formal dress and evening gowns,
text: standing with frightened faces like first class passengers
text: on a doomed ship. The President himself, his back to our
text: VIEW, is making an announcement in Spanish. While he
text: speaks, we notice continuous movement of his personal staff,
text: carrying suitcases and possessions.
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT
dialog: ...Because of serious setbacks of
dialog: our troops in Guantanamo and
dialog: Santiago, we feel reluctantly, that
dialog: we must leave the Capital at once.
dialog: Myself and my family must bid you
dialog: goodbye, and good fortune. We will
dialog: go directly to Ciudad Trujillo.
text: The crowd is stunned; already whispers are moving throughout
dialog: the guests.
text: The only one who is not completely taken off guard is
text: Michael, who quietly steps back, and disappears from the room.
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT
dialog: ...My only regret is that there
dialog: could not have been more warning...
dialog: As my last official act as
dialog: President, I hereby appoint a
dialog: provisional government with Dr.
text: Carlos M. Piedra, as its President.
text: By now, there is only one thought among the guests: how can
dialog: they get out, and with what.
scene_heading: EXT. PRESIDENTIAL PALACE - NIGHT
dialog: We see evidence of the confusion at this late hour; already
text: cars are beginning to move; people leaving the Palace in
text: haste. Michael moves quickly toward his car. He sees
text: Fredo, watching him in fear.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Come with me. It's your only way
dialog: of getting out!
speaker_heading: VIEW ON FREDO
text: Terrified of his brother, and what he knows; Fredo backs
text: away into the growing noise and confusion of the crowd.
scene_heading: VIEW ON MICHAEL
text: Finally, he has to step into the car and it roars off.
scene_heading: EXT. HAVANA STREETS - NIGHT
text: Rebel cars with loudspeakers have already picked up the news
dialog: that Batista has conceded...this throws the crowds already
text: gathered for the New Year into cheers of joy.
text: They harass a wealthy family who are trying to get away in
dialog: their car.
text: The people pull them out of the car, opening their suitcases,
text: out of which spill piles of cash and jewelry into street.
text: Michael's car makes its way as the crowd cheers: "El animale
dialog: se fue!"
scene_heading: EXT. THE UNITED STATES EMBASSY - MED. VIEW - NIGHT
text: Crowds of panicked and frightened tourists, and Batistianos
text: are trying to get to the safety of the Embassy with the
dialog: families and possessions.
dialog: We see Geary, and some of the Americans we had met, working
text: their way through the crowds, shouting that they are
dialog: Americans in order to get preference on the line. Often
text: that declaration brings 'boos' from the crowds.
text: Sometimes the joyous Cubans will let a family through, but
text: again, taking away the suitcases, rich leather, filled with
text: money and valuables. Money seems to be stuffed everywhere.
scene_heading: EXT. THE YACHT CLUB - NIGHT
dialog: All forms of private transportation are jammed with people
text: trying to get out, holding cash in their hands for anyone
text: with a yacht or small boat to get them to Florida.
text: A car pulls up; and we see Sam Roth, Terri Roth and some of
text: their men, carry the sickly, but still alive Hyman Roth to a
text: private cruiser which is protected by men with machine guns.
text: Within seconds, they are on their way to Miami.
scene_heading: EXT. THE PRIVATE AIRPORT - NIGHT
dialog: Things are no different at the airport; where anything that
text: can fly is being jammed with refugees and their money.
text: A wealthy family is arguing with the pilot of a fast
text: airplane; trying to force cash on him, and his family into
text: the plane. The PILOT steadfastly refuses, although checking
text: his watch, as though his passengers are late. He speaks
dialog: only English.
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: No, this is a private plane. No,
text: this plane is taken.
text: Finally Michael's Mercury pulls up, and Michael approaches
dialog: the Pilot.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: He isn't here.
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: We've got to leave, they'll take
dialog: this thing apart.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: All right. Go now.
text: The Pilot lets Michael in, as the Cuban screams curses at
text: them, and begins searching for another plane for his family.
scene_heading: INT. THE PLANE - VIEW ON THE PILOT - NIGHT
text: as the propeller turns over.
scene_heading: EXT. THE AIRPORT - FULL VIEW - NIGHT
text: Groups of the cheering, celebrating Cubans sing
text: "Guantanamera," now as a song of triumph.
scene_heading: INT. THE PLANE - MOVING VIEW - MICHAEL - NIGHT
text: Closer to him, his personal and business life caught in the
dialog: middle of history.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK STREET - MED. VIEW - DAY (1920)
text: He stops to pick out some choice oranges and peaches from a
text: fruit stand. Then he reaches into his pocket for change.
speaker_heading: VENDOR
dialog: No, no. It is my pleasure to make
dialog: this a gift.
scene_heading: CLOSE VIEW ON VITO
speaker_heading: VITO
dialog: You are kind. If ever I can do
dialog: something for you, in return,
dialog: please come to me.
scene_heading: INT. VITO'S TENEMENT - DAY
text: Despite his new position of 'respect,' there is little
dialog: changed about his home. Only that they have lived there a
text: while now, and the rooms are fuller with the inevitable
text: possessions a young family acquires.
text: He kisses his wife, who seems a big apprehensive. He shows
text: her the fruit; and from her reaction knows she has something
text: on her mind.
speaker_heading: VITO
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: CARMELLA
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: Come...
text: They step into the tiny parlor, where we see an older woman,
text: waiting nervously.
speaker_heading: CARMELLA
dialog: The Signora is a friend of mine.
dialog: She has a favor to ask of you.
speaker_heading: VITO
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: Why do you come to me?
speaker_heading: SIGNORA COLOMBO
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: She told me to ask you.
text: He seems surprised; looks to his wife.
speaker_heading: CARMELLA
text: She is having some trouble. Her
dialog: landlord has received complaints
dialog: because of her dog. He told her to
dialog: get rid of it, but her boy loved
dialog: it, so they tried to hide it. When
dialog: the landlord found out, he was so
text: angry, he ordered her to leave.
dialog: Even if she truly will let the dog
dialog: go.
speaker_heading: SIGNORA COLOMBO
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: He said he would have the police
dialog: put us out.
speaker_heading: VITO
dialog: (thoughtfully)
dialog: I can give you some money to help
dialog: you move, is that what you want?
speaker_heading: SIGNORA COLOMBO
dialog: My friends are all here; how can I
dialog: move to another neighborhood with
dialog: strangers? I want you to speak to
dialog: the landlord to let me stay.
text: Vito nods to the frightened old woman.
speaker_heading: VITO
dialog: It's done then. You won't have to
dialog: move; I'll speak to him tomorrow
dialog: morning.
text: Carmella breaks into a smile; which her husband des not
dialog: acknowledge.
text: The old woman starts to leave the room; but she is not
dialog: convinced.
speaker_heading: SIGNORA COLOMBO
dialog: You're sure he'll say yes, the
dialog: landlord?
speaker_heading: VITO
dialog: I'm sure he's a good-hearted fellow.
dialog: Once I explain how things are with
dialog: you, I'm sure he'll take pity on
dialog: your misfortunes. Don't let it
dialog: trouble you any more.
dialog: (as he shows her out)
dialog: Guard your health, for the sake of
dialog: your children.
scene_heading: EXT. TENEMENT BLOCK - DAY
text: SIGNOR ROBERTO, a pompous, rather well-dressed Patrone
text: angrily walks down the steps of one of his tenement buildings.
text: He carries a check list, and makes marks with a pencil
text: concerning the condition of his various buildings; a broken
text: window here, some missing tile there. He bends over to pick
text: up some garbage left by a thoughtless tenant, muttering to
text: himself, when he sees the shoes and legs of a young worker.
speaker_heading: VITO (O.S.)
dialog: Signore Roberto...
text: He rises to be face to face with a polite Vito Corleone.
speaker_heading: VITO
dialog: The friend of my wife, a poor widow
text: with no man to protect her, tells
dialog: me that for some reason she has
dialog: been ordered to move from your
text: building. She is in despair. She
dialog: has no money, she has no friends
dialog: except those that live here.
text: Signor Roberto brusquely answers, and continues on his way.
speaker_heading: ROBERTO
dialog: I have already rented the apartment
dialog: to another family.
text: MOVING SHOT ON THE TWO
speaker_heading: VITO
dialog: I told her I would speak to you,
dialog: that you are a reasonable man who
dialog: acted out of some misunderstanding.
dialog: She has gotten rid of the animal
dialog: that caused all the trouble, so why
dialog: shouldn't she stay. As one Italian
dialog: to another, I ask you the favor.
speaker_heading: ROBERTO
dialog: I've already rented it; I cannot
dialog: disappoint the new tenants. They're
dialog: paying a higher rent.
speaker_heading: VITO
dialog: How much more a month?
speaker_heading: ROBERTO
dialog: Eh...
dialog: (we sense he is lying)
dialog: Five dollars more.
text: Vito reaches into his pocket, and takes out a roll of bills.
speaker_heading: VITO
dialog: Here is the six month's increase in
dialog: advance. You needn't speak to her
dialog: about it, she's a proud woman. See
dialog: me again in another six months.
dialog: But of course, you'll let her keep
dialog: her dog.
speaker_heading: ROBERTO
dialog: Like hell! And who the hell are
dialog: you to give me orders. Watch your
dialog: manners or you'll be on your
text: Sicilian ass in the street there.
text: Vito raises his hands in surprise; his voice is reasonable.
speaker_heading: VITO
dialog: I'm asking you a favor, only that.
dialog: One never knows when one might need
dialog: a friend, isn't that true? Here,
dialog: take this money as a sign of my
dialog: good-will, and make your own
dialog: decision. I won't quarrel with it.
dialog: (he puts the money in
dialog: Roberto's hand)
dialog: Do me this little favor, just take
dialog: it and think carefully. Tomorrow
dialog: morning if you want to give me the
dialog: money back, by all means do so. If
dialog: you want the woman out of your
dialog: house, how can I stop you? It's
dialog: your property, after all. If you
dialog: don't want the dog in there, I can
dialog: understand. I dislike dogs myself.
text: (he pats Roberto on
dialog: the shoulder)
dialog: Do me this service, eh? I won't
dialog: forget it. Ask your friends in
dialog: this neighborhood about me, they'll
dialog: tell you I'm a man who believes in
text: showing his gratitude.
text: Without a word more, Vito leaves a hypnotized Roberto
text: standing in front of the tenement, his hand clasping the
dialog: money.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD STREET - DAY
text: A thin young man, almost gawky, walks down the street in
text: this Italian neighborhood, his name is HYMAN SUCHOWSKY.
text: He carries his tools as he comes home from work. He is
text: pursued and tormented by a couple of Italian youths, about
text: his own age, eighteen.
speaker_heading: ITALIAN BOY
dialog: Kid, where do you live?
speaker_heading: ANOTHER
dialog: Where'd you get those nigger lips?
text: He tries not to be intimidated; finally one of the boys,
text: steps in front of him and stops him.
speaker_heading: ITALIAN BOY
dialog: Say 'bread' in Italian.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER
dialog: He dunno.
speaker_heading: ITALIAN BOY
dialog: Go on; how do you say 'bread' in
dialog: Italian? If you're from the
dialog: neighborhood, you should know how
dialog: to say 'bread' in Italian.
text: An amused Peter Clemenza steps forward from a local coffee
text: house, to preside over the fuss. He's a 'big' man in the
text: neighborhood, and loves a fight.
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: What's up?
speaker_heading: ITALIAN BOY
dialog: This kid lives around here, but he
dialog: can't say bread in Italian.
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: That's 'cause he's Jew. Look at
dialog: those pregnant lips!
text: He giggles at his own joke.
speaker_heading: ITALIAN BOY
dialog: Are you a Jewboy?
text: The boy doesn't answer, tries to keep going.
speaker_heading: ITALIAN BOY
dialog: Well, if you're not a Jew, say
dialog: 'bread' in Italian. See, he can't.
text: And with that, he rounds a blow squarely to the boy's face,
text: sending him sprawling to the cement, his tools flying with a
text: clatter.
text: The other Italian immediately joins in with a few kicks to
text: the boy's stomach. Hyman tries to fight back; grabs a hold
text: of his tormentor's foot, and brings him down on the cement
text: as well. For a moment, they are rolling around on the
text: sidewalk, two against one, Hyman taking the worst of it.
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: Alright, alright, cut it out.
speaker_heading: SECOND ITALIAN
dialog: What for? He killed Jesus Christ!
text: Clemenza pulls him off, and kicks him in the ass.
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: I said cut it out!
dialog: (to the beaten kid)
dialog: What's your name?
speaker_heading: HYMAN
dialog: Hyman Suchowsky.
speaker_heading: ITALIAN BOY
dialog: I don't believe it. In our
dialog: neighborhood, with a name like that!
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: What are those tools? You work on
dialog: cars?
speaker_heading: HYMAN
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: Maybe I know how you can make a
dialog: couple of extra bucks working as a
dialog: mechanic.
text: The boy seems agreeable.
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: But you gotta know how to keep your
dialog: mouth shut, and fer Chrissakes, get
dialog: rid of that name. I'll call you
dialog: Johnny Lips.
text: (he giggles at his
dialog: own humor again)
dialog: Come on...
text: He leads the boy down the street, whispering to him, on the
dialog: side:
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: Bread in Italian is pane. P-A-N-E,
dialog: pane. Don't forget.
scene_heading: INT. NEW GENCO WAREHOUSE - DAY
text: A newly acquired warehouse, stocked with cases of the new
text: product "GENCO PURA" olive oil. It is the beginning of a
dialog: new business, in the American tradition. Now they have one
text: rattling old truck, and a few stock boys.
dialog: Genco has become the accountant-business manager, based on
text: the experience working with his father. But it is clear,
dialog: that Vito is the leader, and undisputed 'President' of the
dialog: new enterprise.
text: Genco moves through the darkness of the warehouse, to the
text: small divided area that Vito uses as his office.
speaker_heading: GENCO
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: The 'patrone' is here.
speaker_heading: VITO
dialog: Chi?
speaker_heading: GENCO
dialog: Roberto. Who owns the 'rat-holes.'
text: Vito nods that he will see him; and soon Roberto enters, on
text: tiptoe, his hat in his hand, and in a apologetic voice.
speaker_heading: ROBERTO
dialog: Excuse me, I hope I am not a
dialog: disturbance, Don Corleone.
speaker_heading: VITO
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: ROBERTO
dialog: What a terrible misunderstanding.
dialog: Of course, Signora Colombo can stay
dialog: in the flat. Who were those
dialog: miserable tenants to complain about
dialog: noise from a poor animal...when
dialog: they pay such low rent.
text: Then abruptly, he puts the roll of money on Vito's table,
text: and steps back a respectful distance.
speaker_heading: ROBERTO
dialog: Your good heart in helping the poor
dialog: widow has shamed me, and I want to
dialog: show that I, too, have some
dialog: Christian charity. Her rent will
dialog: remain what it was.
speaker_heading: VITO
dialog: What was that?
speaker_heading: ROBERTO
dialog: In fact, reduced, bu five dollars!
text: Vito embraces him warmly.
speaker_heading: VITO
dialog: I accept your generosity...
speaker_heading: ROBERTO
dialog: I won't keep you another minute...
text: He quickly takes his leave, bowing several times, and then
text: makes it back to the safety of the warehouse; he sighs,
text: deflates his lungs, and mops his brow; his bones have turned
text: too jelly with fear at his narrow escape. He all but runs
text: out of the warehouse.
text: Genco laughs as he watches.
speaker_heading: GENCO
dialog: We won't see him for weeks! He'll
dialog: stay in bed in the Bronx!
text: Clemenza has been waiting with his new mechanic. We notice
text: the subtle difference in the way he treats Vito. He is no
text: longer a junior apprentice in their petty crimes; but an
dialog: imposing leader.
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: This kid is good with cars; he
text: kiijed at the truck, and says he
dialog: can keep it going.
text: Vito looks over the lanky young man.
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: What's your name?
speaker_heading: HYMAN
dialog: Suchowsky. Hyman Suchowsky.
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: He's gonna dump that; I call him
dialog: Johnny Lips.
speaker_heading: VITO
dialog: Who is the greatest man you can
dialog: think of?
speaker_heading: CLEMENZA
dialog: Go on, answer him when he talks to
dialog: you. Tell him: Columbus, Marconi...
dialog: Garibaldi.
speaker_heading: HYMAN
dialog: Arnold Rothstein.
speaker_heading: VITO
dialog: Then take that as your name: Hyman
dialog: Rothstein.
text: Genco is out in the alley; he calls out with glee.
speaker_heading: GENCO
dialog: Vitone! Look at this!
text: Vito moves out to the smiling Genco; Clemenza and the newly
text: christened Hyman Rothstein follow a distance behind.
scene_heading: EXT. THE ALLEY - DAY
text: Genco stands beaming, as two workers raise up high, the
text: freshly painted sign: "GENCO OLIVE OIL COMPANY."
speaker_heading: GENCO
dialog: (enthusiastically)
dialog: God bless America! We're in
dialog: business!
text: The young men watch as the sign is hoisted into place. OUR
text: VIEW goes from one to the other: Clemenza, Genco, Vito and
dialog: Hyman Rothstein.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. SENATE CAUCUS ROOM - MED. CLOSE VIEW - DAY
text: Willy Cicci, Pentangeli's associate and bodyguard takes a
dialog: drink of water.
speaker_heading: SENATOR (O.S.)
dialog: Mr. Cicci. From the year 1927 to
dialog: the present time, you were an
dialog: employee of the "Genco Olive Oil
dialog: Company."
speaker_heading: CICCI
dialog: That's right.
speaker_heading: SENATOR (O.S.)
dialog: But in actuality, you were a member
dialog: of the Corleone Crime organization.
speaker_heading: CICCI
dialog: The Corleone Family, Senator. We
dialog: called it, "The Family."
speaker_heading: SENATOR (O.S.)
dialog: What position did you occupy?
speaker_heading: CICCI
dialog: At first, like everybody, I was a
dialog: soldier.
scene_heading: VIEW ON SENATOR KANE
text: A thin, angular Baptist with a Mid-Western accent.
speaker_heading: SENATOR KANE
dialog: What is that exactly?
speaker_heading: CICCI
dialog: A button. You know, Senator.
speaker_heading: SENATOR KANE
dialog: No, I don't know, explain that
dialog: exactly.
speaker_heading: CICCI
dialog: When the boss says push the button
text: on a guy, I push the button, see,
dialog: Senator?
text: The Senators treat Cicci with a surface courtesy, as if he
dialog: were a curious kind of animal, not really human. Cicci
text: reacts to this by being even more brutally forthright than
text: he has to be, to show his contempt for what he considers a
dialog: hypocrisy.
text: The VIEW ALTERS from Senator Kane to the Committee's
dialog: attorney, Mr. Questadt.
speaker_heading: QUESTADT
dialog: You mean you killed people at the
dialog: behest of your superiors?
speaker_heading: CICCI
dialog: That's right, counsellor.
speaker_heading: QUESTADT
dialog: And the head of your family was
dialog: Michael Corleone.
speaker_heading: CICCI
dialog: Yeah, counsellor, Michael Corleone.
speaker_heading: SENATOR KANE
dialog: Did you ever get such an order
dialog: directly from Michael Corleone?
speaker_heading: CICCI
dialog: No, Senator, I never talked to him.
speaker_heading: SENATOR SAVOY
dialog: (very autocratic,
dialog: deep South,
dialog: gentlemanly man)
dialog: There was always a buffer, someone
dialog: in between you who gave you orders.
speaker_heading: CICCI
dialog: Yeah, a buffer, the Family had a
dialog: lot of buffers.
scene_heading: EXT. THE TROPICANA IN VEGAS - MED. VIEW - DAY
text: A limousine pulls up at a private area near the side of the
text: hotel. Michael exits the limousine followed by Hagen and
dialog: Neri.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Do you think they have somebody to
dialog: back up Cicci?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: No. But if they do have somebody,
dialog: you'll do three years for perjury
dialog: if you give them so much as a wrong
dialog: middle name.
text: Michael smiles to him, but it's a cold, deadly smile.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Michael, take the Fifth all the
dialog: way, that way you can't get into
dialog: trouble.
scene_heading: EXT. PRIVATE BALCONY OF CORLEONE APARTMENT AT TROPICANA - DAY
text: A Corleone bodyguard waits outside on the balcony overlooking
text: the pool area. Through the translucent draperies, we see a
dialog: grouping of me.
scene_heading: INT. CORLEONE APARTMENT AT THE TROPICANA - DAY
text: Michael, Hagen, Neri and Rocco are seated in this luxury in
text: the hotel. Michael sits in a comfortable chair in his
text: apartment. Neri comes and brings him a drink without
text: asking, but Michael refuses it.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Al, get me a wet towel. Does Kay
dialog: know I'm back?
text: Hagen nods.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Did the boy get something from me
dialog: for Christmas?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: I took care of it.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: What was it, so I'll know.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: A little care he can ride in with
text: an electric motor.
text: Neri comes around with a wet face towel, which Michael uses
text: to cool his eyes. He puts the used towel down on the table.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Fellas, can you wait outside a
dialog: minute?
text: They know what he means and leave the apartment, going out
text: to the balcony where we can see them but they cannot hear.
text: Only Hagen remains.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Where's my brother?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
text: Roth got out on a private boat.
dialog: He's in a hospital in Miami. Had a
text: stroke but he's recovered okay.
text: Bussetta's dead.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I asked about Fredo?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: The new government arrested him,
dialog: held him for a couple of days with
dialog: a lot of the other casino people,
text: including Roth's brother, Sam. The
dialog: American Embassy arranged flights
dialog: for citizens; I'm not sure, but I
dialog: think he's somewhere in New York.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I want you to reach Fredo. I know
dialog: he's scared, but have one of our
text: people reach him. Assure him that
dialog: there will be no reprisals. Tell
dialog: him that I know Roth misled him.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: My information is that Fredo
dialog: thought it was a kidnapping. Roth
dialog: assured him nothing would happen to
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (indicating Rocco and
dialog: Neri on the balcony)
dialog: They can come in now.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Wait... there's something else.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Alright.
text: Hagen pauses; doesn't know how to begin.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (impatiently)
dialog: Go on, tell me.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Kay had a miscarriage; she lost the
dialog: baby.
dialog: After a moment:
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Was it a boy or a girl?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Mike, at three and a half...
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: What is it, can't you give me
dialog: straight answers anymore!
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: It was a boy.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: And Kay...she's all right?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: She took the Senate Investigation
dialog: worse.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Does she blame it on me? The baby?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: I don't know.
scene_heading: EXT. TAHOE ESTATE - DAY
text: The first snow of the New Year has fallen; the trees are
text: bare, and there is hush all over this part of the Sierras.
text: Michael is driven in his car, looking out at the familiar
text: sight of the home he has been forced to be away from.
scene_heading: VIEW ON MICHAEL
text: looking out from his window. The last time he had seen the
text: estate it was warm, and the trees were full.
speaker_heading: MOVING VIEW
text: approaching the great stone gates; closed. The bodyguards
text: are not readily visible, but they are there. The iron gates
text: are opened, and one of the men makes a simple nod of respect,
text: as the car pulls in.
speaker_heading: NEW VIEW
text: Inside the estate, the private roads have been freshly
text: plowed, and occasionally a worker will pause to watch the
text: car as it passes.
text: The Grandchildren are in school now, and so the estate is
text: especially quiet. Although there are signs that children
text: live here; a bicycle, a sled, a swing and gymnastic set, wet
text: and with a rim of snow still on it.
scene_heading: INT. MICHAEL'S HOUSE - VIEW FROM INSIDE THE HOUSE - DAY
text: to the outside, where Michael walks slowly. He stops and
text: looks at a little Italian red sportscar made for children.
speaker_heading: NEW VIEW
text: The front door opens, and Michael enters his own home. It
text: is very quiet, no one is at home to greet him. He can see
text: the evidence of his family; things his wife and his children
text: have been using, and left on a sofa or a table.
text: He moves toward his and Kay's bedroom, where we can HEAR the
text: SOUND of a sewing machine running.
text: Quietly he opens the door.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL'S VIEW
text: into the bedroom. Kay is sitting by the window, lit by the
text: cold afternoon light, at work with her sewing machine. She
text: hasn't noticed that he's in the room yet, and goes on with
dialog: her work.
scene_heading: VIEW ON MICHAEL
text: stands there a moment, watching, not making a sound. And
text: then without a word, he steps back, and closes the door, so
text: that she doesn't see him.
text: VIEW FROM INSIDE THE HOUSE
text: onto Michael, moving outside, walking through the snow, he
text: moves to the house next to his own.
scene_heading: INT. CONNIE'S HOUSE - DAY
text: This is the house where Mama lives with Connie's children,
dialog: Connie so rarely is there.
text: He steps in; his mother is asleep in a chair in the living
text: room. He moves to her, and bends low, whispers.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Mom... Mom...
text: She opens her eyes, which are red and small with age.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: It's Michael. How are you, Mom?
speaker_heading: MAMA
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: I'm alright. Will you stay home
dialog: for awhile?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: There are still things I have to do.
speaker_heading: MAMA
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: Well, we can all have a nice dinner
dialog: together tonight. How are your eyes?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Alright. They bother me once in
dialog: awhile.
dialog: (a pause as he thinks)
dialog: Tell me, when Pop had troubles...
dialog: did he ever think, even to himself,
dialog: that he had gone the wrong way;
dialog: that maybe by trying to be strong
dialog: and trying to protect his family,
dialog: that he could... that he could...
dialog: lose it instead?
speaker_heading: MAMA
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: You talk about the baby. She can
dialog: have another baby.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: No, I meant lose his family.
speaker_heading: MAMA
dialog: (as best she ever
dialog: understood it)
dialog: Your family? How can you ever lose
dialog: your family?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (almost to himself)
dialog: But times are different...
scene_heading: FULL VIEW IN ROOM - MICHAEL AND HIS MOTHER
text: Quietly we HEAR the music of a small band playing an Italian
text: march. From the orchestration, we know it is from the past.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN STATION AT CORLEONE - DAY
text: Vitone and his young family: Mama, Santino, Fredo and the
text: baby Michael are met at the small station in Sicily by
text: friends, and Mama's relatives. There is a small band,
text: playing for the occasion. A small man has brought a motor
text: car to pick the family up; and there are certain dark men,
text: with shotguns slung over their shoulders to preside over the
dialog: occasion.
text: The family is helped into the car; the luggage is packed on
text: the roof, and the car drives off. The second car, with
text: bodyguards following.
scene_heading: EXT. DON TOMASINO'S VILLA OUTSIDE OF CORLEONE - DAY
text: The villa is bloomed with flowers and DON TOMASINO at this
text: point is a man in his late twenties. He embraces Vitone and
text: pats the heads of his children, and leads them all into the
dialog: garden.
scene_heading: INT. THE VILLA - SUMPTUOUS MED. VIEW - LATE DAY
text: A sumptuous table is set for the visiting family from
text: America. There is a warm atmosphere as Vito, his wife and
text: children eat. Tomasino and his family received presents
text: from Carmella and to Tomasino's mother, and gifts are given
text: to all of the children.
dialog: All typically American representing some of the prosperity
dialog: and interests in the consumer goods that followed a great war.
scene_heading: EXT. CORLEONE PLAZA - DAY
text: The family exits the church on the plaza of the town. Vito
text: shakes hands warmly with the priest.
scene_heading: INT. VILLAGE COTTAGE - NIGHT
text: The door is open -- the footsteps of a man enter the room.
dialog: We follow these footsteps without quite knowing to whom they
text: belong. They lead us to a bed, where we see asleep an OLD
text: MAN. He sleeps in his undershirt and is sweating, covered
text: by mosquito netting.
speaker_heading: VIEW ALTERS
text: and we realize that it is young Vito looking at the MAN.
text: We remember that the man is MOSCA, one of three men, who
dialog: almost twenty years before had hunted down Vito when he was
text: a boy. With lightning speed, Vito slashes through the
text: mosquito netting with a knife. And with the movement
text: precise as a butcher's he disembowls this man.
scene_heading: EXT. OLIVE OIL WAREHOUSE - FULL VIEW
dialog: Vito has brought his wife and children to see the Olive Oil
text: Depot which is the link to his New York importing business.
text: They go inside.
scene_heading: INT. OLIVE OIL WAREHOUSE - DAY
text: They are led by one of Vito's associates through rows and
text: rows of large vats of olive oil. Vito very proudly shows
dialog: his associates in Italy the olive oil can that will be used
text: in the United States. They all stand around at the link to
text: their new importing business and share a toast of wine.
scene_heading: EXT. THE BAY - DAY
text: A team of Sicilian fisherman are at work mending their nets.
text: One sings accompanied by a guitar.
text: VIEW MOVES TO ONE OF THE OLD FISHERMAN
text: He is recognized as the second of the men who had hunted
text: Vito down. STROLLO. As he walks we notice there is a
text: figure that is moving through the drying sails and barrels,
text: it is Vito. He moves quietly, stepping up behind the old
text: man. In an instant, he has thrown a garrote around his
text: throat, twisting it tight, so that there is very little
dialog: sound.
text: Then, almost silently dragging him through the space hidden
text: by the drying sails.
scene_heading: EXT. THE IMPRESSIVE ESTATE OF DON FRANCESCO - DAY
text: We see an old car approach. Its driver is the young Tomasino.
text: Sitting in the car with him is Vito.
text: The car stops at the gates, and an old guard sees and
text: recognizes Tomasino, opens the gates allowing them to enter.
speaker_heading: MED. VIEW
text: on an almost decrepit DON FRANCESCO. He must be in his
dialog: early nineties, sitting as powerful and as impressive as
text: ever, in his throne-like chair from which he manages the
dialog: power as the Mafia Chieftan of this village. Young Don
text: Tomasino is speaking.
text: We notice in a little distance in the rear, there are some
text: younger shepherds with shotguns thrown over their shoulders.
speaker_heading: TOMASINO
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: Don Francesco, if you will honor
dialog: me, by allowing me to introduce my
dialog: associate in America, in New York.
dialog: His name is Vito Corleone.
text: The old man and his eyes glance up at a notion of a man who
dialog: has taken the name of this town as his name.
speaker_heading: TOMASINO
dialog: We will supply him with olive oil
text: exclusively in the town of Corleone.
dialog: His company is called the "Genco
dialog: Olive Oil Company." Here we have
dialog: brought you an indication of how he
dialog: will sell the product.
text: Tomasino respectfully puts a can of olive oil where the old
text: man can look at it. The old man nods, accepting the notion
dialog: of this business.
speaker_heading: TOMASINO
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: We have come to ask your blessing
dialog: and permission to continue this
dialog: enterprise.
speaker_heading: DON FRANCESCO
dialog: (Sicilian)
text: (in a shrill, high,
dialog: raspy voice)
dialog: Where is this young man?
speaker_heading: TOMASINO
text: He is right here, standing next to
dialog: me, Don Francesco.
speaker_heading: DON FRANCESCO
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: Have him come closer, I can't see
dialog: very well.
text: Vito takes those several steps, so that he is standing right
text: in front of the old man.
scene_heading: VIEW ON DON FRANCESCO
text: looking up, squinting against the sun.
speaker_heading: DON FRANCESCO'S VIEW
text: Strangely backlit, almost blurry image of the young man from
dialog: America.
speaker_heading: DON FRANCESCO
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: What is your name?
speaker_heading: VITO
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: Vito Corleone.
speaker_heading: DON FRANCESCO
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: You took the name of this town, eh?
dialog: What was your father's name?
speaker_heading: VITO
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: Antonio Andolini.
scene_heading: CLOSE VIEW ON THE OLD MAN
text: The recognition of the name throws a shudder through him.
text: It is as though he recognizes that this is the boy; the son
dialog: of his old enemy, whom he had killed, and whose sons he had
text: tried to wipe out. The old man raises his feeble hands
text: signalling his guard, and in his weak voice, he shouts:
speaker_heading: DON FRANCESCO
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: Kill him! Kill him!
text: But he is too late; Vito steps forward.
speaker_heading: VITO
dialog: (Sicilian)
dialog: In the name of my Father, and my
dialog: Brother...
text: And uses the knife, ritualistically plunging it into the old
text: man's belly, and then up to his throat, which is severed.
scene_heading: VIEW ON TOMASINO
text: has drawn his pistol and quickly shoots one of the guards,
text: helping Vito to escape back into the motor car.
scene_heading: VIEW ON A GUARD
text: raising his shotgun.
scene_heading: VIEW ON THE MOTOR CAR
text: Just as Tomasino is about to get into the car, the shotgun
text: is fired, and he is hit in the legs.
text: Vito manages to pull him up into the car, and they make
dialog: their escape.
scene_heading: EXT. RAILROAD STATION IN CORLEONE - DAY
text: Some of the townspeople have come bringing flowers and gifts
dialog: for Vito and his family.
text: His wife is radiant with the flowers given her.
text: The train has arrived and the crowd shout "Ciao, come back
dialog: soon."
speaker_heading: THE VIEW ALTERS
text: revealing his good friend Tomasino, waving from his
dialog: wheelchair.
speaker_heading: VIEW ON VITO
text: and his wife. She holds up the baby Michael, and helps him
text: wave his hand.
scene_heading: INT. SENATE CAUCUS ROOM - MED. CLOSE VIEW ON MICHAEL - DAY
speaker_heading: SENATOR KANE (O.S.)
dialog: Are you the son of Vito Corleone?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: SENATOR KING
dialog: Did he use at times an alias? Was
dialog: this alias in certain circles
speaker_heading: GODFATHER?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: It was not an alias. GODFATHER was
dialog: a term of affection, used by his
text: friends, one of respect.
speaker_heading: SENATOR WEEKLER
dialog: (Senator from New
dialog: York, very smooth,
dialog: partly liberal,
dialog: Tammany Hall)
dialog: Let me agree with that. Many of my
dialog: constituents are Italian and have
dialog: been honored with that certain
dialog: friendship by my close Italian
dialog: friends. Up to this point before I
dialog: have to leave this hearing to join
dialog: my own committee, let me say, that
dialog: this hearing on the Mafia is in no
dialog: way a slur on the Italians by the
dialog: Senate; nor is it meant to be; nor
dialog: will I allow it to be. Italian
dialog: Americans are the hardest working,
dialog: most law abiding patriotic Americans
dialog: of our country. It is a shame and
dialog: a pity that a few rotten apples
dialog: give them a bad name. We are here
dialog: to weed those rotten apples out of
dialog: the vast healthy barrel of Italian
dialog: Americans, who are one of the
dialog: backbones of our country.
text: There is a pause for a while, while the New York Senator
text: poses for the TV cameras and leaves the hearing so that he
dialog: will not be associated with hearing the rough stuff.
speaker_heading: SENATOR KANE
dialog: I'm sure we all agree with our
dialog: esteemed colleague. Now, Mr.
dialog: Corleone, you have been advised as
dialog: to your legal rights. We have had
dialog: testimony from a preceding witness
dialog: who states you are head of the most
dialog: powerful Mafia family in this
dialog: country. Are you?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: SENATOR KANE
dialog: This witness has testified that you
dialog: are personally responsible for the
dialog: murder of a New York Police Captain
dialog: in the year 1947 and with him a man
dialog: named Virgil Sollozzo. Do you deny
dialog: this?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I deny his every charge.
speaker_heading: SENATOR KANE
dialog: Is it true that in the year 1950
dialog: you devised the murder of the heads
dialog: of the Five Families in New York,
dialog: to assume and consolidate your
dialog: nefarious power?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: That is a complete falsehood.
speaker_heading: SENATOR KANE
dialog: Is it true that you own a
dialog: controlling interest in three of
dialog: the major hotels in Las Vegas?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: That is not true. I own some stock
dialog: in some of the hotels, but only
dialog: very small amounts. I also own
dialog: some American Telephone and IBM
dialog: stock.
dialog: Michael had checked this point with Hagen, before answering,
text: and then once again after the answer.
speaker_heading: SENATOR ROGERS
dialog: Why is it necessary for your
dialog: counsel to advise you on that
dialog: question?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Senator, I've observed the head of
dialog: General Motors before a Senate
dialog: Committee, and his lawyer whispered
dialog: in his ear. That was not commented
dialog: upon in the way you have just done.
speaker_heading: SENATOR KANE
dialog: Mr. Corleone, do you have any hotel
dialog: interests in the state of Arizona?
dialog: Or any gambling interests in that
dialog: state?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I do not.
speaker_heading: SENATOR KANE
dialog: Do you have interests or control
dialog: over gambling and narcotics in the
dialog: state of New York.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I do not.
text: A pause. Silence, as the Chairman whispers something to his
dialog: assistant.
text: Tom Hagen takes a paper out of his briefcase, and addresses
dialog: the Chair.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Senator, my client would like to
dialog: read a statement for the record.
speaker_heading: SENATOR KANE
dialog: I don't think that's necessary.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Sir, my client has answered every
dialog: question asked by this committee
dialog: with the utmost cooperation and
dialog: sincerity. He has not taken that
dialog: Fifth Amendment as it was his right
dialog: to do, and which because of the
dialog: extreme legal complexity of this
dialog: hearing, counsel advised him to do.
dialog: So, I think in all fairness this
dialog: committee should hear his statement
dialog: and put it in the record.
speaker_heading: SENATOR KANE
dialog: Very well.
text: At this point Senator Rogers contemptuously walks out of the
dialog: hearing room.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (reading)
dialog: In the hopes of clearing my family
dialog: name, in the sincere desire to give
dialog: my children their fair share of the
dialog: American way of life without a
text: blemish on their name and background
dialog: I have appeared before this
dialog: committee and given it all the
dialog: cooperation in my power. I consider
dialog: my being called before this
dialog: committee an act of prejudice to
dialog: all Americans of Italian extraction.
dialog: I consider it a great dishonor to
dialog: me personally to have to deny that
dialog: I am a criminal. I wish to have
dialog: the following noted for the record.
dialog: That I served my country faithfully
dialog: and honorably in World War II and
dialog: was awarded the Distinguished
dialog: Service Cross for actions in
dialog: defense of my country. That I have
dialog: never been arrested or indicted for
dialog: any crime whatsoever... that no
dialog: proof linking me to any criminal
dialog: conspiracy, whether it is called
dialog: Mafia or Cosa Nostra or whatever
dialog: other name you wish to give, has
dialog: ever been made public. Only one
dialog: man has made charges against me,
dialog: and that man is known to be a
text: murderer, arsonist and rapist. And
dialog: yet this committee had used this
dialog: person to besmirch my name. My
dialog: personal protest can only be made
dialog: to the people of this country. I
dialog: can only thank God that in this
dialog: country we have a legal system and
dialog: courts of law to protect innocent
dialog: people from wild accusation. I
dialog: thank God for our democratic due
dialog: process of Law that shields me from
dialog: the false charges made by this
dialog: committee's witness. I have not
text: taken refuge behind the Fifth
dialog: Amendment, though counsel advised
dialog: me to do so. I challenge this
dialog: committee to produce any witness or
dialog: evidence against me, and if they do
dialog: not, I hope they will have the
dialog: decency to clear my name with the
dialog: same publicity with which they have
dialog: now besmirched it. I ask this
dialog: without malice, in the interests of
dialog: fair play.
text: The television cameras have documented this moment, as Hagen
text: hands the document over to the committee lawyer.
speaker_heading: SENATOR ROGERS
dialog: We are all impressed. The committee
dialog: will now recess over the weekend.
dialog: However, it will continue Monday
dialog: morning, at eleven a.m. At that
dialog: time, this committee will then
dialog: produce a witness directly linking
dialog: Mr. Corleone to the charges we have
dialog: made. And then, Mr. Corleone may
dialog: very well by liable for indictments
dialog: of perjury. However, this document
dialog: will be made a matter of record.
scene_heading: EXT. ARMY POST - DAY
text: An army post somewhere in the East. It is safely guarded.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE ON THE POST - DAY
text: where Pentangeli is being held by his constant companions,
text: the two FBI MEN.
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: Ten to one shot, you said. Ten to
dialog: one shot in my favor, and I lose.
speaker_heading: FBI MAN #1
dialog: Get a good night's sleep. We got a
dialog: new suit, new shirt, new tie, and
dialog: I'm going to shave you myself.
dialog: Tomorrow we want you to look
dialog: respectable for fifty million of
dialog: your fellow Americans.
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: My life won't be worth a nickel
dialog: after tomorrow.
speaker_heading: FBI MAN #1
dialog: We have a special home for you for
dialog: the rest of your life. Nobody gets
dialog: near you. You're not going any
dialog: place.
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: Yeah, some deal I made.
speaker_heading: FBI MAN #2
dialog: You live like a king. You'll be a
dialog: hero. You'll live better in here
dialog: than most people on the outside.
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: Some deal.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I just wish Mike had took the Fifth.
speaker_heading: FBI MAN #1
dialog: Why'd you do it, Frankie? After
dialog: all these years, why'd you turn
dialog: against him?
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: I didn't turn against nobody; he
dialog: turned against me.
scene_heading: EXT. THE BOATHOUSE ALCOVE - DAY
text: A somewhat frightened Fredo Corleone sits in the easy chair
text: overlooking the lake in this canopied section of the
text: boathouse. Rocco sits with him.
scene_heading: INT. BOATHOUSE - DAY
text: Michael is in the dark room with Hagen and Neri.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: How did they get their hands on
dialog: Pentangeli?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Roth engineered it, Michael. He
dialog: made Pentangeli think you hit him.
text: Deliberately letting him get off
text: alive. Then the New York detectives
dialog: turned Frankie over to the FBI. My
dialog: informants say he was half dead and
dialog: scared stiff -- talking out loud
dialog: that you had turned on him and
dialog: tried to kill him. Anyway, they
text: had him on possession, dealing in
dialog: heroin, murder one and a lot more.
dialog: There's no way we can get to him
dialog: and you've opened yourself to five
dialog: points of perjury.
speaker_heading: NERI
dialog: They've got him airtight. He's in
text: a military base, twenty-four hour
dialog: guards. Trying to kill him is like
dialog: trying to like the President --
dialog: it's impossible.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: What does Fredo know?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: He says he doesn't know anything,
dialog: and I believe him. Roth played
dialog: this one beautifully.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Alright. I'm going to go outside
dialog: and talk to Fredo.
scene_heading: EXT. BOATHOUSE FOYER - DAY
text: Fredo sits on the couch. When Rocco sees Michael, he
text: automatically takes his leave. Michael sits in the chair
dialog: opposite Fredo.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: I don't have a lot to say, Michael.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: We have time.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: I was kept pretty much in the dark.
dialog: I didn't know all that much.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: What about now, is there anything
dialog: you can help me out with?
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: I know they get Pentangeli, that's
dialog: all I know.
text: Fredo gets up, walks to the glass panel that separates the
text: terrace from the lake.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: I didn't know it was a hit. I
dialog: swear to you I didn't know. Johnny
dialog: Ola contacted me in Beverly Hills --
dialog: said he wanted to talk. He said
dialog: you and Roth were in on some big
dialog: deal, and there was a place for me
dialog: in it if I could help them out.
dialog: They said you were being tough on
dialog: the negotiation, and if they had a
dialog: little bit of help, they could
dialog: close it fast and it would be good
dialog: for you.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: And you believed that story.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: He said there was something good in
dialog: it for me...me on my own.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I've always taken care of you.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: Taken care of me. Mike, you're my
dialog: kid brother, and you take care of
dialog: my. Did you ever think of that.
dialog: Ever once? Send Fredo off to do
dialog: this, send Fredo to take care of
dialog: that... take care of some little
dialog: unimportant night club here, and
dialog: there; pick somebody up at the
dialog: airport. Mike, I'm your older
dialog: brother; I was stepped over!
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: It's the way Pop wanted it.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: It wasn't the way I wanted it! I
dialog: can handle things. I'm not dumb
dialog: Christ, not like everyone says.
dialog: I'm smart; and I want respect.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: There's nothing more you can tell
dialog: me about this investigation?
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: The lawyer; Questadt, he belongs to
dialog: Roth.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: You're nothing to me now, Fredo;
dialog: not a brother, not a friend, I
dialog: don't want to know you, or what
dialog: happens to you. I don't want to
dialog: see you at the hotels, or near my
dialog: home. When you visit our Mother, I
dialog: want to know a day in advance, so I
dialog: won't be there. Do you understand?
text: Michael turns, and starts to leave. A frightened voice
text: behind him:
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: Mikey?
text: Michael doesn't stop, doesn't turn back. He continues off
text: through the veranda, and out the summer doors.
text: Neri stops by him.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I don't want anything to happen to
dialog: him while my Mother's alive.
text: Michael leaves.
scene_heading: EXT. ARMY POST - DAY
text: Five cars brimming with Army guards and Agents are waiting
text: to move Pentangeli. There is one empty car.
scene_heading: INT. GUARDED HOUSE - DAY
text: The two FBI Agents are helping Pentangeli get dressed. He's
text: in brightly colored striped shorts and bare-chested. The
text: Agents help him with the shirt and tie. One holds out the
text: trousers but Pentangeli ignores it and looks at himself in
dialog: the mirror.
speaker_heading: FBI MAN #1
dialog: Ready, Frankie.
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: Let's go.
text: The Agents open the door, and precede him, surveying the
text: area. They check the cars waiting, each with two Agents.
text: They check the gate and note the military sentries. Then
text: they stand aside, and let Pentangeli come out. They get
text: close to his side, and it is obvious they will protect his
dialog: life with their own.
scene_heading: EXT. ARMY POST - DAY
text: The Agents put him in the front seat of the empty car, and
text: get in with him, one at each side. Another Agent drives.
text: Now, the first cars start out; the Sentries opening the
text: gates, and letting the caravan pass.
text: An Army supply truck comes very close to them, and the
text: Agents next to Pentangeli become very tense. Pentangeli
text: grins. Then the truck passes on, and they relax.
scene_heading: INT. SENATE CAUCUS ROOM - DAY
text: The room is crowded with TV journalists, cameras, etc. We
text: pick Pentangeli up, closely guarded, being led to witness
dialog: chair.
text: Pentangeli is seated, and made to take his oath. FBI Agents
text: are all around him.
speaker_heading: MED. VIEW
text: Anyone given entrance to the caucus room is being frisked.
text: The five Senators take their places.
speaker_heading: VIEW ON HAGEN
text: waiting at his long table, very nervous. He seems startled
text: by the appearance of Pentangeli.
scene_heading: VIEW ON PENTANGELI
text: catching Hagen's eye. It's as though he is pleading for
text: some kind of understanding of the fact that he has become a
dialog: traitor.
speaker_heading: VIEW ON HAGEN
text: cold; then he turns away.
scene_heading: VIEW ON THE ENTRANCE
text: The bustle is settling down; then Michael Corleone enters,
dialog: and with him is someone very peculiar and out of keeping for
text: this setting. A burly-chested imposing man of middle age.
text: Very powerful-looking with frightening magnetic eyes. His
text: dress is odd: boots, rough tie, and shirt. He could be the
text: tenor out of a Sicilian opera. He is clearly a country Don,
text: direct from Sicily, and he dominates the room.
scene_heading: VIEW ON PENTANGELI
text: At first his view is blocked. Then he sees Michael and is a
text: bit shamefaced, but still defiant.
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI'S POV
text: Michael returns his glances without emotion. Then the VIEW
text: ALTERS, revealing the Sicilian.
scene_heading: VIEW ON PENTANGELI
text: He is terror stricken; obviously he recognizes the man.
scene_heading: VIEW ON HAGEN'S TABLE
text: Michael and the Sicilian sit by Hagen, where they can stare
text: directly at Pentangeli; he is frozen with fear.
text: VIEW ON THE SENATOR
text: Notices the tension in the room. The Chairman commences:
speaker_heading: SENATOR KANE
dialog: We have here a witness who will
dialog: testify further on Michael
dialog: Corleone's rule of the criminal
dialog: empire that controls gambling in
dialog: this country and perhaps in other
dialog: countries. This witness had no
dialog: buffer between himself and Michael
dialog: Corleone. He can corroborate our
dialog: charges on enough counts for this
dialog: committee to consider a charge of
dialog: perjury against Michael Corleone.
dialog: (then he turns to Pentangeli)
dialog: Your name please, for the record.
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: Frank Pentangeli.
speaker_heading: SENATOR KANE
dialog: Were you a member of the Corleone
dialog: Family? Were you under the
dialog: Caporegime Peter Clemenza, under
dialog: Vito Corleone, known as the
dialog: Godfather?
text: There is a long silence.
scene_heading: VIEW ON PENTANGELI
text: He seems unable to speak.
scene_heading: VIEW ON THE SICILIAN
text: gazing at him.
scene_heading: VIEW ON PENTANGELI
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: I never knew no Godfather. I got
dialog: my own family.
text: Senator Kane is stunned. The two FBI men are alert, their
text: eyes searching the room for what has intimidated their
text: witness at the last moment.
speaker_heading: SENATOR KANE
dialog: Mr. Pentangeli, you are
dialog: contradicting your confessions to
dialog: our investigators; I ask you again,
dialog: were you a member of a crime
dialog: organization headed by Michael
dialog: Corleone?
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: No. I never heard of it. I never
dialog: heard of nothing like that. I was
dialog: in the olive oil business with his
dialog: father a long time ago. That's all.
speaker_heading: SENATOR KANE
dialog: We have your confession that you
dialog: murdered on the orders of Michael
dialog: Corleone. Do you deny that
dialog: confession and do you know what
dialog: denying that confession will mean
dialog: to you?
dialog: The die is cast and like a good soldier, Pentangeli will go
text: all the way now. So he is brazen in his defiance of the
dialog: Senator.
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: The FBI guys promised me a deal.
dialog: So I made up a lot of stuff about
dialog: Michael Corleone. Because then,
dialog: that's what they wanted. But it
dialog: was all lies. Everything. They
dialog: said Michael Corleone did this,
dialog: Michael Corleone did that. So I
dialog: said, "Yeah, sure."
text: He makes a big grin to show how he has made fools of
dialog: everybody.
text: VIEW ON THE FBI AGENTS
text: glancing around the room; their eyes have settled on the
text: Sicilian. One of them scribbles a note on a piece of paper,
text: and passes it to the Committee lawyer. Then in turn it goes
dialog: to Senator Kane.
speaker_heading: SENATOR KANE
dialog: Mr. Hagen, would you kindly identify
dialog: to this committee that gentleman
dialog: sitting on your right hand?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: (coolly)
dialog: Yes, sir. His name is Vincenzo
dialog: Pentangeli.
speaker_heading: SENATOR KANE
dialog: Is he related to the witness?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: He is, I believe, a brother.
scene_heading: VIEW ON MICHAEL AND VINCENZO PENTANGELI
text: They wait with no expression.
speaker_heading: SENATOR KANE
dialog: (to Vincenzo Pentangeli)
dialog: Sir, I would like you to take the
dialog: stand.
text: Vincenzo stares at him, uncomprehending. There may just be
text: a shadow of contempt. He doesn't answer.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Sir, the gentleman does not
dialog: understand English. He would not
dialog: in any case, take the stand. He
dialog: came, at his own expense, to aid
text: his brother in his trouble. He is
dialog: not under any jurisdiction of our
dialog: government and his reputation in
text: his own country is impeccable.
speaker_heading: SENATOR KANE
dialog: (furious)
text: The witness is excused; take him out.
text: The guards and FBI Agents quickly remove Pentangeli, as
text: everybody else in the room is required to sit still.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Senator Kane.
speaker_heading: SENATOR KANE
text: This meeting is adjourned.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: (rising and shouting)
dialog: This committee owes an apology!
speaker_heading: SENATOR KANE
dialog: The committee is adjourned until
dialog: further notice.
text: For the first time, in the midst of the confusion, Hagen
text: smiles. A bitter, contemptuous smile.
scene_heading: VIEW ON MICHAEL
text: The modest champion. He rises and they take their leave.
text: VIEW ON THE TWO FBI AGENTS
text: They watch the Corleone party as they exit.
scene_heading: INT. WASHINGTON HOTEL CORRIDOR - DAY
text: The Corleone nurse is waiting, playing with the little girl
text: MARY. A distance away, the boy, Anthony, is standing by
dialog: himself.
scene_heading: INT. MICHAEL'S SUITE - WASHINGTON HOTEL - DAY
text: The door to Michael's suite opens; Rocco leans in.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: It's Kay.
text: Michael is sitting in an easy chair; he seems to have
text: difficulty with his eyes.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: On the phone?
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: No, she's here.
text: Michael rises, surprised. Rocco steps back, and Kay enters.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I had no idea...
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: I wanted to see you before you went
dialog: back to Nevada. Also, the
dialog: children - Michael, they're here.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: KAY
text: In a minute. They're outside with
dialog: Esther. I'm very happy for you...
dialog: I suppose I knew that you're simply
dialog: too smart for anyone ever to beat
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Why don't you sit down?
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: I'm not going to stay long; I can't.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: There are a lot of things I want to
dialog: talk to you about. Things I've
dialog: been thinking about -- changes I
dialog: want to make.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: I think it's too late for changes,
dialog: Michael. I promised myself I
dialog: wouldn't talk about it and I've
dialog: gone and spoiled it.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Why too late?
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Tell me, Michael. What really
dialog: happened with Pentangeli?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
text: His brother came to help him.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: I didn't even know he had a brother.
dialog: And where is he now?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
text: On a plane back to Sicily.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: And that's all he had to do. Just
text: show his face.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: That's all. You see, in Sicily, in
dialog: the old days... there was only one
dialog: legitimate reason to kill a blood
dialog: relative... only one. IF he was a
dialog: traitor.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: You would have killed his brother?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Kay, you've got it wrong. That
dialog: kind of thing's all over, I promised
dialog: you. This was between the two
dialog: brothers. Years ago Frankie had a
dialog: young girlfriend; he called her his
dialog: co-wife. That was his joke, but he
dialog: meant it. He wouldn't divorce his
dialog: wife... because she was a great
dialog: cook. He said he girlfriend made a
dialog: spaghetti sauce once and it was so
dialog: terrible he knew he could never
text: marry her. He set her up in a
dialog: house in Jersey. She had to be
dialog: faithful... and she had to have kids.
text: And she did, two, a boy and a girl.
dialog: He had her checked out and watched
dialog: so she couldn't cheat... but the
dialog: girl couldn't stand that kind of
dialog: life. She begged him to let her go.
dialog: He did. He gave her money and made
dialog: her give up the kids. Then Frankie
dialog: took them to Italy, and had them
text: brought up by his brother Vincenzo.
dialog: Where he knew they'd by safe.
text: Kay begins to realize.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: When he saw his brother in the
dialog: hearing room, he knew what was at
dialog: stake.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I don't think Vincenzo would have
dialog: done it. He loves the kids, too.
dialog: Omerta, Kay. Honor, silence. It
dialog: had nothing to do with me. It was
dialog: between those brothers.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: I'll bring the children up now;
dialog: they want to say goodbye.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Kay, I told you...
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Goodbye, Michael.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I won't let you leave! Christ, do
dialog: you think I'm going to let you leave.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: (meekly)
dialog: Michael.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: No, I don't want to hear anything.
dialog: There are things between men and
dialog: women that will not change; things
dialog: that have been the same for
dialog: thousands of years. You are my
dialog: wife, and they are my children...
dialog: and I love you and I will not let
dialog: you leave, because you are MINE!
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Oh, I do feel things for you,
dialog: Michael; but now, I think it's pity.
dialog: For the first time since I've known
dialog: you, you seem so helpless. You
dialog: held me a prisoner once; will you
dialog: try again?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: If that's what it takes; then yes,
dialog: I will.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: At this moment, I feel no love for
dialog: you at all. I never thought that
dialog: could happen, but it has.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: We'll go back tonight. Bring the
dialog: children.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: You haven't heard me.
text: He moves to her; he does love her, and is tender with her.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: How can I let you leave; how can I
dialog: let you take my children away?
dialog: Don't you know me? You understand,
dialog: it's an impossibility. I would
dialog: never let it happen; no, never, not
dialog: if it took all my strength, all my
dialog: cunning. But in time, soon, you'll
dialog: feel differently. You see, you'll
dialog: be happy that I stopped you. I
dialog: know you. You'll forget about
dialog: this; you'll forget about the baby
dialog: we lost... and we'll go on, you and
dialog: I.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: The baby I lost...
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I know what it meant... and I'm
dialog: prepared to make it up to you. I
dialog: will make changes; I can.
text: (he clenches his fist tightly)
dialog: I CAN change; that I have learned,
dialog: that I have the strength to change...
dialog: And we have another child, a boy...
dialog: and you'll forget the miscarriage.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: It wasn't a miscarriage. And you
dialog: with your cunning, couldn't you
dialog: figure it out! It was an abortion;
dialog: an abortion, like our marriage is
text: an abortion, something unholy and
dialog: evil. I don't want your son; I
dialog: wouldn't bring another of your sons
dialog: into this world. An abortion,
dialog: Michael... it was a son, and I had
dialog: it killed, but this must all end!
scene_heading: VIEW ON MICHAEL
dialog: He had no hint, not in his wildest imagination could he have
dialog: guessed that she would do such a thing.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: And I know that now it's over; I
dialog: knew it then, there would be no way
dialog: you could ever forgive me, not with
dialog: this Sicilian thing that goes back
dialog: two thousand years.
text: He is silent, though raging -- then, with all his passion,
text: and his strength, he raises his arms, and strikes her across
text: her neck, literally knocking her down to the floor, and
text: hurting her badly.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (coldly)
dialog: You won't take my children.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. THE CORLEONE ESTATE AT TAHOE - FULL VIEW - DAY
text: A collection of dark cars and black limousines are gathered
text: to one side. A few drivers wait quietly.
text: And then, to the other extreme of the estate, is a small
text: grouping of about twenty to thirty people, gathered near
text: Michael's house.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT
text: Connie Corleone, dressed simply and now showing her age
dialog: without the carefully applied makeup which we have been used
text: to, kneels down before the shrine of Santa Theresa, and puts
text: down a bouquet of flowers, along with others that have been
dialog: placed there. We see that some have the simple silk ribbon
text: with the word "Mama" hand-lettered upon it.
text: Her two children stand close behind her; they had been
dialog: raised by their Grandmother.
text: Connie steps back, and moves through the small group of
text: friends and relatives, into Michael's house.
scene_heading: INT. MICHAEL'S HOUSE - CONNIE'S VIEW - DAY
text: Fredo, kneeling by the coffin of his mother in a portion of
text: the house that has been set aside for the wake. Fredo
text: concludes his prayer, wipes away the tears in his eyes and
text: steps away from the coffin.
text: He stops when he notices Neri, a little distance away,
text: looking at him.
speaker_heading: VIEW ON NERI
text: After a moment, he nods respectfully to Fredo, and steps
text: forward, moving to the old woman's coffin. Fredo moves to
text: Hagen, who is there with his wife and children.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: Tom. Where's Mike?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: (difficult to tell him)
dialog: He's waiting for you to leave.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: Can I talk to him?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: No chance. I'm sorry, Freddie.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: (who has heard this)
dialog: Can I see him?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
text: He's in the boathouse.
scene_heading: INT. THE BOATHOUSE - MED. VIEW - DAY
text: Michael sits quietly in the darkened room in one of the big
text: sofas, dressed immaculately in suit and tie. His two
text: children, also dressed for the wake sit opposite him in the
text: other oversized sofa, their shoes not touching the floor.
text: We regard this tableau for a long moment.
speaker_heading: CONNIE (O.S.)
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Michael? It's Connie.
text: She comes in, and sits down by his knees.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: I want to stay close to home now,
dialog: is that alright?
text: Michael nods.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Is Kay coming?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
text: Michael, Fredo's in the house with
dialog: Mama. He asked for you, and Tom
dialog: said he couldn't see you.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Tom is right.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Kids, why don't you go outside for
dialog: a while?
text: The children don't move; Connie realizes they will only
dialog: listen to Michael.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: I want to talk to you, Michael.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: The children can stay.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: I hated you for so long, Michael;
dialog: for so many years. I think I did
dialog: things to myself, to hurt myself,
dialog: so that you would know -- and you
dialog: would be hurt too. But I understand
dialog: you now; I think I do. You were
dialog: being strong for all of us, like
dialog: Papa was. And I forgive you, and
dialog: want to be close to you now. Can't
dialog: you forgive Fredo; he's so sweet,
dialog: and helpless without you.
text: Slowly, Michael puts his hand on her hair, and touches her
dialog: gently.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: You need me, Michael. I want to be
dialog: with you now.
scene_heading: INT. MICHAEL'S HOUSE - DAY
text: Friends, relatives; Francesca and her new husband, Gardner
dialog: and their baby; Sandra Corleone; Teresa, her children; all
text: the familiar faces of the family are present, quietly paying
dialog: their respects to Mama.
text: Some of the men can be seen in the kitchen, drinking wine,
text: and talking in low voices.
text: Fredo is there, broken-hearted over the loss of his Mother;
text: like some lost child with no friends.
speaker_heading: MED. VIEW
text: Michael enters the room, followed by Connie, who tends
dialog: little Mary and Anthony.
text: He approaches his brother, and then embraces. Fredo breaks
text: into tears.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: Christ, Mike. Jesus Christ, Mike.
scene_heading: VIEW ON MICHAEL
text: embracing his brother, he glances up.
speaker_heading: VIEW ON NERI
text: quiet, and deadly.
scene_heading: EXT. THE TAHOE ESTATE - MED. VIEW - DAY
text: Tom Hagen is talking in the distance to his wife, and one of
text: his older sons; he kisses, and moves toward the boathouse.
text: After crossing the lawn, he stops.
scene_heading: VIEW ON SANDRA CORLEONE
text: waiting there; obviously wanting to talk to him. He
text: continues, and she walks with him.
text: MOVING VIEW ON THE TWO
text: as they cross toward the boathouse.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: You're going to talk to him now.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: Will you tell him?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: I don't know.
text: She stops him.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: Tom, think of yourself for once.
dialog: Don't let this opportunity slip
dialog: through your fingers; don't do it.
dialog: We're all trapped here, don't you
dialog: see?
text: He continues past her, without answering her. Continues up
text: to the boathouse. He stops before he enters.
speaker_heading: HAGEN'S VIEW
text: Fredo is sitting by the edge of the harbor with Michael's
text: son Anthony; he is helping him with some fishing rig.
scene_heading: INT. THE BOATHOUSE - VIEW ON MICHAEL - DAY
text: looking through the window at his son and brother. Neri
text: sits in the room, dressed informally.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (without looking back)
dialog: Sit down, Tom. Have you heard
dialog: about our friend and partner, Mr.
dialog: Hyman Roth?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: I know he's in Israel.
speaker_heading: NERI
dialog: (hands Hagen the paper)
dialog: The High Court of Israel turned
dialog: down his request to live as a
dialog: 'returned Jew.' His passport's been
dialog: invalidated except for return to
dialog: the U.S. He landed in Buenos Aires
dialog: yesterday, offered a gift of one
dialog: million dollars if they would give
dialog: him citizenship. They turned him
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: (reading)
dialog: He's going to try Panama...
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: They won't take him; not for a
dialog: million, not for ten million.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: His medical condition is reported
dialog: as... "terminal."
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: He's been dying of the same heart
dialog: attack for twenty years.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: That plane goes to Miami...
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I want it met.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: (understanding)
dialog: Mike, it's impossible. He'll be
dialog: met by the Internal Revenue; the
dialog: Customs Service, and half the FBI.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I don't like it when you use the
dialog: word impossible; nothing is
dialog: impossible...
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Mike, it would be like trying to
dialog: kill the President; there's no way
dialog: we can get to him.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I'm surprised at you, Tom. If
dialog: there's anything certain; certain
dialog: in life; if history has taught us
dialog: anything, it's that you can kill...
dialog: (he stops, then coldly)
dialog: ANYBODY. But perhaps your
dialog: relucatance is because you've come
dialog: to tell me that you're moving your
dialog: family to Vegas, that you've been
dialog: offered the Vice-Presidency of the
dialog: Houstan Hotels there. Or weren't
dialog: you going to tell me at all?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Are you so hungry for traitors; do
dialog: you want to find them everywhere?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: They are everywhere!
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: I turned Houstan down; I didn't see
dialog: why I should tell you about an
dialog: offer I turned down.
dialog: (Michael begins to
dialog: confuse him)
dialog: Are you sure, Mikey? Are you sure
dialog: of what we're doing; what we'll
dialog: gain; what does the family gain?
dialog: Forget that, Mike; I already know
dialog: the answer.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I know you do, Tom. Then I can
dialog: count on you to help me do the
dialog: things I have to do. If not, call
text: Houstan, and become a Vice-President.
dialog: Take your family and your mistress
dialog: and move them to Las Vegas.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Why do you hurt me, Michael? I've
dialog: always been loyal to you.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Good. Then you're staying.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: I'm staying.
dialog: (he pauses...then,
dialog: without being asked)
dialog: Don't ever enjoy the cruel part of
dialog: all this; Sonny never listened to
dialog: me about that.
text: (then he sits down,
text: and opens his briefcase)
dialog: Now, explain everything to me.
scene_heading: EXT. THE HARBOR - DAY
text: Fredo sits with Anthony, with a silly-looking fishing hat on
text: his head, covered with lure and flies.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: Anthony, ole buddy, your Uncle
dialog: Fredo's gonna teach you how to
dialog: catch the big fish. You know, when
dialog: I was a kid, I did this amazing
dialog: thing. I went out on a fishing
dialog: trip; me and my brothers and my
dialog: Pop, and no one could catch a fish
dialog: except me. And this was my secret:
dialog: (confidentially)
dialog: Every time I would put the line
dialog: down I would say a "Hail Mary" and
dialog: every time I said a "Hail Mary" I
dialog: would catch a fish. Now, when it's
dialog: sunset, we're gonna go out on the
dialog: lake, and we're gonna try it.
scene_heading: INT. GUARDED HOUSE - DAY
text: The guards step aside as Tom Hagen enters the foyer of the
text: house. He shows a court order to them and they lead him up
text: the stairs where he knocks on the door.
scene_heading: INT. GUARDED HOUSE - DAY
text: There is a KNOCK at the door. The two guards show Hagen in
text: and Hagen presents the court order to one of the FBI men.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: I think I prefer to see my client
dialog: privately.
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
text: The room has a bug in it.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: (to the FBI men)
dialog: I'd like to go outside with him, in
text: the open air.
speaker_heading: FBI MAN #1
text: This room is not bugged.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: You have guards outside and the
dialog: electric fence. There's no security
dialog: reason for not letting us talk in
dialog: the yard.
speaker_heading: FBI MAN #1
dialog: Okay.
text: They pass out of the room.
scene_heading: EXT. THE ARMY POST - DAY
text: Hagen and Pentangeli outside, by the electric fence. They
text: cannot be overheard. Pentangeli takes out some cigars and
text: offers Hagen one. Hagen takes it and Pentangeli lights both
text: their cigars. They puff on them contentedly. They are
text: comfortable together, almost.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Everything is going to be okay,
dialog: Frankie, don't worry.
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: Did my brother go back?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Yeah, but don't worry.
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: He's ten times tougher than me, my
dialog: brother. He's old-fashioned.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Yeah. He wouldn't even go out to
dialog: dinner. Just wanted to go home.
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: That's my brother. Nothing could
dialog: get him away from that two mule
dialog: town. He coulda been big over
dialog: here -- he could of had his own
dialog: Family.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: You're right.
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: Tom, what do I do now?
text: The light is beginning to turn reddish as the sun falls.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Frankie, you were always interested
dialog: in politics, in history. I remember
dialog: you talking about Hitler back in
dialog: '43. We were young then.
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: Yeah, I still read a lot. They
dialog: bring me stuff.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: You were around the old timers who
dialog: dreamed up how the Families should
dialog: be organized, how they based it on
dialog: the old Roman Legions, and called
dialog: them 'Regimes'... with the 'Capos'
dialog: and 'Soldiers,' and it worked.
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: Yeah, it worked. Those were great
dialog: old days. We was like the Roman
dialog: Empire. The Corleone family was
dialog: like the Roman Empire.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: (sadly)
dialog: Yeah, it was once.
text: They both puff on their cigars. Pentangeli lets himself be
text: carried away by thoughts of old days of glory; Hagen thinks
dialog: of other days too.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: (very gently)
dialog: The Roman Empire... when a plot
dialog: against the Emperor failed, the
dialog: plotters were always given a chance
dialog: to let their families keep their
dialog: fortunes.
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: Yeah, but only the rich guys. The
dialog: little guys got knocked off. If
dialog: they got arrested and executed, all
dialog: their estate went to the Emperor.
dialog: If they just went home and killed
dialog: themselves, up front, nothing
dialog: happened.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Yeah, that was a good break. A
dialog: nice deal.
text: Pentangeli looks at Hagen; he understands.
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: They went home and sat in a hot
dialog: bath and opened their veins, and
dialog: bled to death. Sometimes they gave
dialog: a little party before they did it.
text: Hagen throws away his cigar. Pentangeli puffs on his.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Don't worry about anything, Frankie
dialog: Five-Angels.
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: Thanks, Tom. Thanks.
text: They shake hands. The FBI Agents come out to let Hagen out
text: the gate. Pentangeli is led back to the house.
speaker_heading: FBI MAN #1
dialog: Your lawyer tell you he can get
dialog: that 600 years reduced to 500?
text: Pentangeli puffs on his cigar and reflects.
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: You boys sure you can't get me a
dialog: broad for tonight? Give me a
dialog: little party?
speaker_heading: FBI MAN #2
dialog: We got some nice books.
text: Pentangeli puffs on his cigar and gives the Agent a smile an
text: old man gives a child. He starts upstairs.
speaker_heading: PENTANGELI
dialog: I guess I'll just take a hot bath.
scene_heading: EXT. THE ARMY POST - DAY
text: Hagen walks away; glances back. Then gets into his waiting
text: car and drives off.
scene_heading: INT. THE BOATHOUSE - FULL VIEW - SUNSET
text: Michael sits alone in the empty boathouse; in the shadows.
scene_heading: INT. BOAT DOCK - SUNSET
text: Neri stands by the dock area under the boathouse. He pushes
text: the button which lowers a boat by winch and tackle. He
text: wears a fishing cap.
text: He steps into the boat, and pulls the small outboard, which
text: glides the boat out into the harbor.
speaker_heading: MED. VIEW
text: The boat pulls up alongside Fredo and Anthony.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: Here we go; and remember the secret.
text: He lifts Anthony into the boat.
speaker_heading: CONNIE (O.S.)
dialog: Anthony.
speaker_heading: THEIR VIEW
text: Connie, in houseclothes, is calling Anthony.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: He's here; we're goin' fishing.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: He can't go; Michael wants to take
dialog: him into Reno.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: Ah. Okay, kid, you got to go to
dialog: Reno with your Pop.
text: He lifts the boy out of the boat, and puts him on the shore.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: I'll catch one for you, with the
dialog: secret.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Hurry, Anthony.
text: Neri stands the motor; and the boat with the two fisherman
text: glides off.
scene_heading: VIEW ON MICHAEL
text: watching, from the dark window of the boathouse.
scene_heading: INT. HIGH SECURITY HOUSE IN ARMY POST - NIGHT
text: The FBI man knocks on the bathroom door in the house where
dialog: they have kept Pentangeli.
speaker_heading: FBI MAN #1
dialog: Frankie, open up. You okay?
text: No answer; he hammers on the door. Using his elbow, and
text: then a kick he breaks into the bathroom.
speaker_heading: HIS VIEW
text: Pentangeli lying in a tub of water. His stomach shows above
text: it. His wrists are cut and covered with blood. The bath
text: water has a purplish tone.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LAKE TAHOE - MED. VIEW - SUNSET
text: Fredo and Neri are fishing, each with lines out. The VIEW
text: MOVES CLOSER, and we can hear Fredo as he holds the pole.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: ... the Lord is with thee. Blessed
dialog: art thou amongst women, and blessed
dialog: is the fruit of thy womb, Jesus.
speaker_heading: LONG SHOT
text: The boat on the shimmery lake.
speaker_heading: FREDO
dialog: ... Holy Mary, Mother of God, pray
dialog: for us...
text: We hear a quiet, echoing GUNSHOT; and then silence.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. MIAMI AIRPORT - NIGHT
text: An exhausted Hyman Roth, ill-shaven, and in shirt-sleeves in
text: taken into custody by a swarm of Customs, and FBI men. They
dialog: allow him to be photographed by press people; and television
dialog: cameramen.
speaker_heading: FBI MAN
dialog: Mr. Roth, we have to take you into
dialog: custody.
speaker_heading: ROTH
dialog: Yes, I know.
text: Some flashbulbs go off.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: Can you give us your reaction to
dialog: the High Court of Israel's ruling.
speaker_heading: ROTH
dialog: I am a retired investor on a
dialog: pension, and I wished to live there
dialog: as a Jew in the twilight of my
dialog: life...
speaker_heading: LAWYER
dialog: Mr. Roth is not a well man; he's
dialog: tired of running.
speaker_heading: ROTH
dialog: I'm an old man; at my age, it's too
text: late to start worrying.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: Is it true you are worth over three
dialog: hundred million dollars, Mr. Roth?
speaker_heading: ROTH
dialog: I'm a retired investor, living on a
dialog: pension... I came home to vote in
dialog: the Presidential election, because
dialog: they wouldn't give me an absentee
dialog: ballot...
text: The newsmen and photographers all laugh, as the FBI men move
text: him away.
speaker_heading: CLOSE VIEW
dialog: One of the newspapermen laughing we recognize to be Rocco
dialog: Lampone.
text: He moves closer to Roth, and shoves his revolver right
text: against his head, and in a second, on camera, assassinates
text: Roth. People scream, as Rocco attempts to run down the
text: airport corridor, limping as he does.
text: FBI men easily pick him off.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
scene_heading: EXT. THE DRIVEWAY BY MICHAEL'S HOUSE - DAY
text: A taxi cab waits by the house; its driver sleeping with a
text: newspaper over his face.
scene_heading: INT. MICHAEL'S HOUSE - DAY
text: The cleaning woman, Esther, who had been with Kay for years,
text: sits by the dining room table, weeping profusely. Behind
text: her, in the recreation room, we can see the tableau of Kay
text: sitting on the couch, her little daughter Mary, between her
text: knees, talking quietly about things we cannot hear. Her son
text: Anthony sits by himself, in another chair by the side of the
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: MED. VIEW
text: Connie comes into the house quickly, and moves toward them.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Kay, you have to go.
text: This prompts Esther to weep all the more. Kay hugs her
text: daughter, and kisses her many times.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: You have to hurry; he's coming.
text: Kay puts her coat on; then stands, and reaches out for her
dialog: son.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Anthony, kiss Mama goodbye.
text: He doesn't move.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: Anthony, you kiss your Mother
dialog: goodbye!
text: He rises, and walks to her. Hugs her lifelessly.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE VIEW
text: on Kay, kissing her boy.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Anthony, say goodbye; your Mama
dialog: loves you.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: Goodbye.
text: She restrains any tears; she has become too strong for tears.
text: Kay starts to go; picks up Mary, kisses her, and starts to go.
speaker_heading: NEW VIEW
text: She steps out the kitchen door; then she cannot help herself.
text: Crouches down, outside, and calls to her son.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Anthony, kiss me once.
text: Then she looks up, and slowly rises.
speaker_heading: HER VIEW
text: Michael has stepped into the dining room. He seems older
text: somehow; as though some sickness has taken more years away
dialog: from him.
speaker_heading: VIEW ON KAY
text: looks at him; instinctively, she takes a step back.
scene_heading: VIEW ON MICHAEL
text: slowly steps toward her.
speaker_heading: VIEW ON KAY
text: Another step back; the door is still open.
scene_heading: VIEW ON MICHAEL
text: He moves closer to the door; stops, looks at her. And then
text: closes it obscuring any view of her.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. TAHOE ESTATE - DAY
text: It is late fall -- most of the leaves have fallen on the
dialog: grounds and there is quite a wind.
speaker_heading: MED. VIEW
text: The water is whipped up by the wind, and the waves are high
text: as they break against the pavilion. We HEAR the MUSIC of
text: time passing, of Michael, of the Godfather over these images.
text: VIEW ON THE SWIMMING POOLS
dialog: They have not been used in several months; they are drained
text: and the bottoms are mossy and dark.
text: VIEW ON THE MAIN GATE
text: Leaves blowing past it; we don't see the button men; only a
text: hint of someone in the gatehouse.
text: VIEW ON THE HOUSES
text: Some of the houses have had the summer awnings taken down,
text: and put away. Some of the windows have been boarded up.
text: VIEW ON THE KENNELS
text: There are still the guard dogs; some sleeping, some moving
dialog: impatiently.
text: As the MUSIC concludes its statement.
speaker_heading: MED. VIEW
text: The peninsula of the private Corleone Harbor. We see the
text: figures of two people, seated at a table.
speaker_heading: MED. VIEW
text: Michael sits at a table having a sparse lunch. He is
text: attended by his sister Connie, who seems to be the closest
text: person now living on the estate with him. We see from the
text: way she pampers him with his lunch, that she has fallen into
text: the role of a surrogate Mother-Wife. He seems older than
text: his years, as though his illness, diabetes, has taken its
dialog: toll.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Don't worry; I'm sure he got here
dialog: on time. The roads from the
dialog: airport are so windy, it takes
dialog: forever; I've driven them myself.
text: She picks up some of the serving plates that he has left
dialog: untouched.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: I'll bring him out to you as soon
text: as he comes.
text: She moves back to the main house.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE VIEW ON MICHAEL
text: He turns and looks at the rough water of the lake for a
text: moment. He slowly takes a sip of wine.
scene_heading: EXT. A PLACE IN THE GARDEN - DAY
text: There are a few chairs.
scene_heading: MED. VIEW ON ANTHONY CORLEONE
text: He is eighteen years old.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: Hello, Dad.
scene_heading: VIEW ON MICHAEL
text: squinting up at his son.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Anthony.
text: He rises, and reaches up to his son, who is now taller than
text: he; he embraces him.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: You've grown so tall... so tall in
dialog: the last year. You're much taller
dialog: than me.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: I was taller than you when I was
dialog: fourteen.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Sit down. Your Aunt Connie and I
dialog: waited for you to have some lunch,
dialog: but now it's all dried out.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: I'm not hungry.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Well, that's alright... alright.
dialog: Good. You'll graduate in another
dialog: year, isn't that right? You know...
dialog: I never finished college. I was a
dialog: good student, but I never finished.
dialog: Of course, there was a war then.
text: Connie approaches them.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Don't let me interrupt anything,
dialog: this will just take a second. Here.
dialog: (she takes out a
dialog: small needle, and
dialog: begins to prepare it)
dialog: Your father has to have his insulin
dialog: shot. Why don't you go to your
dialog: room and put your things away,
dialog: Anthony.
text: She begins to give Michael the shot.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Hurry back; we'll talk. We'll talk.
text: Anthony goes on his way to the house with his things.
text: Connie gives Michael the shot.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Whenever I see that lake so cold, I
dialog: think of poor Fredo, drowned. Lake
dialog: Tahoe is very cold. They say if a
text: person drowns in it, that the body
dialog: will remain mid-suspended --
dialog: perfectly preserved. Some say it
dialog: will remain forever.
text: She finishes the shot, puts her things away.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Your boy will be right back.
text: She leaves.
scene_heading: VIEW ON MICHAEL
text: Alone in the garden.
text: OUR VIEW begins to MOVE CLOSER to him. We begin to HEAR
text: MUSIC of the forties; happy music, swing music, as we move
text: CLOSER to Michael.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. OLD CORLEONE HOUSE - MED. VIEW - NIGHT
text: SONNY CORLEONE, his arm wrapped around a smiling red-faced
text: Carlo Rizzi, pulls him into the Corleone dining room.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Hey, who knows my buddy Carlo Rizzi.
dialog: Here... my brother Fredo, here's my
dialog: Mom. Mom, whatcha got cooking?
dialog: And Carlo, this is my kid sister
dialog: Connie. Here, pull up a chair,
text: Carol is sitting next to Connie.
dialog: Oh, the droopy kid over there is
text: Mike. The college boy.
text: An older, lanky man enters the room, his arms laden with
text: presents. This is TESSIO.
speaker_heading: TESSIO
dialog: Buon Natale, everybody. Buon
dialog: Natale...
dialog: (he smiles at Tom Hagen)
dialog: Hi, Tom, how's every little thing?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: (helping him with the presents)
dialog: Wonderful, Sal.
text: Now the study door opens, and DON CORLEONE enters.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: Is dinner ready?
speaker_heading: MOM
text: Two minutes.
text: The Don happily regards his family; his sons and daughters
text: and even some Grandchildren. He raises a glass.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: A good life, a long life to all my
dialog: children, and friends. To my
dialog: grandchildren, and those that will
dialog: be. To our family.
dialog: They all drink.
text: They refill glasses; then Tessio proposes a toast.
speaker_heading: TESSIO
dialog: To our Godfather.
dialog: They all drink.
scene_heading: INT. THE DINING ROOM - MED. VIEW - NIGHT
text: The family is happily at Christmas dinner. Don Corleone
text: seated at the head of the table.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: What'd you think of those Japs, eh?
dialog: The nerve of those Japs, coming
dialog: right here in our own backyard
dialog: dropping bombs!
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Well, we could have expected it
dialog: after the embargo.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Hey! Expect it or not, those Japs
dialog: don't have a right to drop bombs in
dialog: our backyard. Whose side you on?
speaker_heading: MAMA
dialog: Please, do we have to talk about
dialog: the war at the table? On Christmas,
dialog: much less.
scene_heading: VIEW ON MICHAEL
text: He has been listening to this discussion.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Pop, I've decided I'm going to
dialog: enlist.
text: A quiet hush descends over the table, as though everyone
text: knows the effect this will have on the old man. Sonny tries
dialog: to make light of it.
speaker_heading: SONNY
dialog: Kid, stay in college. The girls
dialog: are cuter, if you know what I mean.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Pop had to pull a lot of strings to
dialog: get you your deferment.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I never asked for it; I don't want
dialog: it.
scene_heading: VIEW ON DON CORLEONE
text: Disturbed; but wise and prudent.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: My son wants to talk about this,
dialog: and so we'll talk, but not at the
text: dinner table.
text: He rises, and starts across the room toward his study. Then
text: he looks back.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: Michael.
text: He disappears into his study. Michael rises, glances around.
text: People are generally tense over the situation. Michael
text: follows his father into the study.
scene_heading: INT. DON CORLEONE'S OLD STUDY - NIGHT
text: The Don closes the door behind his son, and then moves
text: across the room. He stops at the little bar there, and
text: pours himself a brandy.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: Would you like some?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: No, Dad.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: Now what is this talk about joining
dialog: the army? Eh?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: It's not talk; I'm doing it.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: You would risk your life for
dialog: strangers?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Not for strangers; for my country.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: Anyone not in your family, is a
dialog: stranger. Believe me, when trouble
dialog: comes, your country won't take care
dialog: of you.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: That's how it was in the old world,
dialog: Pop, but this is not Sicily.
speaker_heading: DON CORLEONE
dialog: I know. I know, Michael. It's
dialog: Christmas, your brothers and sister
dialog: are all here -- we are happy.
dialog: Let's not spoil this. Go your own
dialog: way, but when you are ready, come
dialog: to me the way a son should. I have
dialog: hopes for you...
scene_heading: CLOSE VIEW ON MICHAEL
text: looking at his father with a mixture of great love, and also
text: fear, and confusion.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I won't be a man like you.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE TAHOE ESTATE - HIGH FULL VIEW - DAY
text: The leaves are blowing. MUSIC comes up.
text: Michael and his young son, Anthony, walk through the grounds
dialog: of the estate, talking about things we cannot hear.
dialog: 
