text: THE WAR OF THE WORLDS
speaker_heading: FINAL WHITE
dialog: Barré Lyndon
dialog: December 18, 1951
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: H. G. WELLS' BOOK
text: We see the colorful cover, then the first page. A
text: VOICE with a Wells-like accent quotes the opening
dialog: words:
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: No one would have believed, in the
dialog: first decades of the twentieth century...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - SKY FULL OF STARS
text: The planet Mars shows just above the spires and roof-
text: tops of a city on the horizon.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: (Continuing)
dialog: ...that human affairs were being
text: watched keenly and closely by
text: intelligences greater than man's.
text: Mars is picked out of the sky and brought to the screen
text: as if by some enormous telescope with an infinite field.
text: It becomes a small ball. Enlarges to a pallid disk.
dialog: Comes to moon size.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: No one gave a thought to the older
dialog: worlds as a source of human danger.
text: Yet across the gulf of space, on the
dialog: planet Mars...
text: Now Mars has grown big and ruddy-colored. Mysterious
text: canals revealed. Vegetation patches shadowy. One thin
text: polar cap shimmering.
speaker_heading: VOICE
text: Intellects vast and cool and unsym-
dialog: pathetic regarded our earth with envious
text: eyes, slowly and surely drawing their
dialog: plans against us.
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - OUR WORLD - MOVING SHOT
text: seen in space with its halo of atmosphere, beautiful.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Few voices were ever raised in
dialog: warning as, with infinite compla-
dialog: cency, men went to and fro over
dialog: this globe, busy about their
dialog: affairs.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: SERIES OF THUMBNAIL FLASHES (STOCK)
dialog: designed to get over the enjoyment of life on this
dialog: earth today.
dialog: a.
text: Gay, seven-piece Dixieland band, whapping
text: out a fast tempo in a night club.
dialog: Grand National at Aintree.
dialog: Parade at the Carnival de Nice.
text: Gambling in a casino.
text: Trooping the Colors, London.
text: Packed stadium and a smashing football game.
dialog: Geisha party in Tokyo.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: (Over f. and g.)
dialog: It did not occur to mankind that
text: a swift fate might be hanging over
dialog: us. Or that, from the blackness of
text: outer space, we were being scrutinized
dialog: A-5a.
dialog: and studied.
text: During this, CAMERA MOVES IN on the Geisha girls. We
text: are CLOSE on the round casing of one of their strange-
dialog: sounding instruments as we -
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - MARS
text: The planet as we saw it before. CAMERA MOVES IN until
text: the planet is huge on the screen. Strange and baleful.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Mars is more than one hundred and
text: forty million miles from the sun, and
dialog: for centuries it has been in the last
text: stages of exhaustion. Its rocks have
dialog: absorbed almost all oxygen from its
text: air, turning them red.
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - MARTIAN LANDSCAPE
text: A geometric pattern of great canals joins in the far
text: distance to center on a Martian metropolis. High
text: atop a tower a light pulsates rhythmically.
speaker_heading: VOICE
text: Most of its water has gone. At
dialog: night, temperatures drop to more
dialog: than one hundred and twenty degrees
text: below zero, even at the equator.
scene_heading: SERIES OF DISSOLVES - SPECIAL EFFECT (MOVING SHOTS)
text: CAMERA FLOATS through the blackness of space, pick-
text: ing up each succeeding spectacle.
dialog: a. Our solar system, as seen from Mars. The sun
text: golden. Mercury ruddy and hot. Venus beau-
text: tiful, bright. Saturn with its tinted rings
text: and moons. Jupiter big, cloudy, with four
text: moons. Uranus and Neptune both greenish-
text: yellow, toxic. And Pluto far away.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: The inhabitants of this dying planet looked
text: across space with instruments and intelli-
dialog: gences of which we have scarcely dreamed...
text: CAMERA MOVES IN on Pluto, dim in outer space.
speaker_heading: VOICE (Cont'd)
dialog: «searching for another World to which they
dialog: could migrate. They could not go to Pluto,
dialog: outermost of all the planets, and so cold
text: that its atmosphere lies frozen on its
dialog: surface.
text: CAMERA PICKS UP Neptune and Uranus, clouded giants
text: with poison-colored atmospheres.
speaker_heading: VOICE (Cont'd)
dialog: They couldn't go to Neptune or Uranus - twin
text: worlds in eternal night and perpetual cold.
text: Each surrounded by an unbreathable atmosphere
text: full of methane gas and ammonia vapor. The
dialog: Martians considered Saturn.
text: b. Saturnian landscape. Midnight-blue space-sky
text: crossed by merging rings of cosmic dust.
text: Bright-edged, full of color and marvelous to
dialog: see.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: An attractive world with its many
text: moons and beautiful rings of cosmic
text: dust. But its temperature is close
dialog: to two hundred and seventy degrees
text: below zero, and ice lies fifteen
text: thousand miles deep on its surface.
dialog: Their nearest world was giant Jupiter...
dialog: c. Effect Pan Shot - Landscape of Jupiter
text: An incredible world. Cliffs flaming at
text: the tops and spilling into fuming lakes.
text: Everywhere the same process repeating itself.
speaker_heading: VOICE
text: Where there are titanic cliffs of lava
text: and ice, with hydrogen flaming at the tops.
dialog: Where the atmospheric pressure is terrible -
text: thousands of pounds to the square inch.
dialog: On Mars it is only four pounds. They
dialog: couldn't go there. Nor to Venus, which
dialog: has no oxygen and no water. Nor could they
dialog: go to Mercury nearest planet to the sun.
dialog: da. Effect - Mercurian Landscape. A glaring
text: sun is enormous in a dark sky, stars visible
text: near it. The land is heat-hazed, waterless,
text: fissured. Volcanic cones and lava pools.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: It has no air. And the temperature at its
dialog: equator is that of molten lead. Of all the
dialog: worlds that the intelligences on Mars
dialog: could see and study .....
dialog: e. North American continent, seen from a
text: great height, showing clouds, forests,
text: glistening lakes and rivers.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: ...only our own warm earth was green
text: with vegetation, bright with water,
dialog: and possessed a cloudy atmosphere
dialog: eloquent of fertility.
text: £. Sky full of stars above a small town
text: and hills....Mars low in the sky.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: At the time of our nearest approach
text: to the orbit of Mars, during a pleasant
dialog: summer season....
text: Far away in the sky we see a falling star.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: ...in the late hours of a Friday evening...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. FORESTRY LOOKOUT POST (NIGHT)
text: A fire LOOKOUT and his deputy, FIDDLER HAWKINS -
text: round-faced, hearty - are seated at a small table
text: by a big window, playing cards. Behind them is
text: an Osborne fire-finder. On a shelf are cans of
text: tobacco, fruit, coffee, a pipe, magazines. The
text: lookout's glance goes upward to the sky and is
dialog: held there.
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - SKY & METEOR (1)
text: The meteor leaves a thin, luminous streak.
scene_heading: EXT. FISHING CAMP (NIGHT)
text: Near a stream, beyond which, through trees, is a
text: broad meadow. Small tent. A lantern hangs froma
text: branch. Waders hang on another limb. Beyond, in
text: the meadow, rests a small Stinson cabin plane.
text: Near the tent, a convertible is parked.
text: A small, round, bald man - BILDERBECK - is frying
text: trout in a pan over the fire, his hatband decorated
text: with pretty flies. A younger man - PRYOR - is
text: coming from the direction of the stream, with clean-
text: ed trout strung on a stick. A third man - CLAYTON
text: FORRESTER - butch haircut and hornrims - is sitting
text: on a log, working over his tackle, looking skyward.
text: He calls. The others look with him.
dialog: 10.
dialog: 11.
dialog: 12.
dialog: 13.
dialog: 14.
dialog: 15.
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - SKY & METEOR (2)
text: It is large. Its bright trail is thicker.
scene_heading: EXT. MOVIE THEATER - MAIN STREET LINDA ROSA (NIGHT)
text: The small-town, California audience is breaking after
text: the last show. Among them are two young parents, the
text: father carrying a sleeping baby. Teen-agers head for
text: the ice-cream parlor next door. A lost kid is bawling
text: on the sidewalk. A man on a ladder is adding “Held
text: Over" to the marquee which features "Samson and
text: Delilah." Like most the others, he is looking at
text: the sky. The CAMERA PICKS UP SYLVIA VAN BUREN -
text: twenty-six, normal, nice, admiring the sleeping baby.
text: Near her is PASTOR COLLINS - white-haired. He is
text: gazing at the sky as he touches Sylvia's arm. She
text: looks and stands staring.
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - SKY AND METEOR (3)
text: Altogether larger now, rushing aslant down the sky.
scene_heading: GROUP - AT LINDA ROSA
text: A group has formed on the sidewalk by Sylvia and the
text: Pastor - WASH PERRY, big teeth, no hat, shirt-sleeves.
text: "ZIPPY', a clumsy youth. SALVADOR, a swarthy, good-
text: natured Mexican. ALONZO HOGUE, local realtor, chews
dialog: tobacco.
speaker_heading: GROUP - ad libs
dialog: Is that a fireball or somep'n?
dialog: Boy, that's big ! - Maybe it's
text: a comet - looks like it's coming
dialog: right at us!
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - SKY AND METEOR (4)
text: Huge, brilliant, fusing and frightening. Its tail
text: seems to spurt more brilliantly as the meteor
text: vanishes beyond buildings and dark trees.
scene_heading: GROUP - AT FISHING CAMP
text: looking o.s. at the meteor. Pryor slaps a mosquito.
speaker_heading: BILDERBECK
dialog: That was a meteorite -
dialog: (Returning to fire)
text: - burning itself out.
dialog: 16.
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: PRYOR
dialog: (Unstringing fish)
dialog: There's never much left of
text: when they hit the ground.
dialog: "em
text: Clayton turns after them, then pauses, looking again
text: toward where the meteor landed.
scene_heading: GROUP - AT LINDA ROSA
text: Everyone staring o.s. Fascinated. A little alarmed.
speaker_heading: GROUP - AD LIBS
dialog: That had me scared! - Wonder where
dialog: it lit? - Miles away, I betcha.
speaker_heading: ZIPPY
dialog: Let's go find it, huh?
speaker_heading: PASTOR COLLINS
dialog: That probably dropped half way
dialog: to Pomona!...What do you think?
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: It was nearer than that.
speaker_heading: ZIPPY
dialog: I'm gonna see. Who's coming?
text: He starts out. Other teen-agers follow him.
scene_heading: FORESTRY LOOKOUT POST
text: Lookout at the phone. Fiddler, crouched, sighting
text: the firefinder, still holding his cards.
speaker_heading: LOOKOUT
dialog: (At phone)
dialog: This is Pine Summit. I've got a smoke.
speaker_heading: FIDDLER
dialog: (Reading firefinder)
dialog: One sixty... thirty.
speaker_heading: LOOKOUT
dialog: (At phone)
dialog: Azimuth reading - one hundred sixty
dialog: degrees thirty minutes.
dialog: (Gazing out window)
text: About ten miles. It must-a hit red
dialog: hot!
text: Fiddler straightens, sneaks a glance at the Lookout's
text: cards, then studies his own.
dialog: 18.
dialog: 19.
dialog: 20.
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: LOOKOUT
dialog: (At phone)
dialog: You better get somepin out there -
dialog: it's started a blaze already!
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: EXT. SECONDARY HIGHWAY - (NIGHT)
text: CAMERA PANS FAST on a small forestry service tanker
text: coming down the road, red light blinking. Scattered
text: trees and scrub in b.g.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: EXT. DIRT ROAD & GULLY - FULL SHOT - (NIGHT)
text: The road curves near low, sharp little hills. The
text: ground is rough, scattered with prickly pear, yucca,
text: small bushes, stunted trees. At the foot of the
text: hills is a fairly deep gully. Bushes, grass, small
text: trees are burning all around this. The tanker is on
text: the scene. The fire-crew is being helped by teen-
text: agers from Linda Rosa and men from nearby farms.
scene_heading: QUICK CUTS - AROUND THE GULLY AREA
text: a. Men dipping sacks into a tub of water,
text: running to fire in b.g. Zippy and others
text: slapping out flames with wet gunny sacks.
text: b. Uniformed Ranger attacking burning bushes
text: with a spray extinguisher. Two men hacking
text: furiously with brush hooks. The tanker
text: moving along an edge of the fire. Two men
text: riding it, spraying flames. The ranger
text: surveys the fire, then turns to a small
dialog: Forestry pickup truck in f.g.
scene_heading: EXT. GULLY AT PICKUP TRUCK - CLOSE SHOT
text: The ranger puts his extinguisher in the truck, picks
text: up the radio transmitter, pushes the switch.
speaker_heading: RANGER
dialog: (Into mike)
dialog: Number three to. D.O....Number three
dialog: to D.O.
speaker_heading: RADIO VOICE
dialog: D.O. to number three..come in.
dialog: 2la.
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: RANGER
dialog: We're getting this under control.
dialog: Won't need any more help. Over.
speaker_heading: RADIO VOICE
dialog: Okay. Send the tanker in, but you
text: stand by until that thing cools off.
dialog: Over.
speaker_heading: RANGER
dialog: I think somebody ought to check on it.
dialog: Over.
speaker_heading: RADIO VOICE
dialog: Well, there's some fellows fishing at
dialog: Pine Summit might be interested. They
dialog: probably saw it come down. I'll let
dialog: ‘em know...What's it look like?
text: The Ranger glances in the direction of the meteor.
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - EXT. GULLY - METEOR
text: At one end of the gully. Mostly buried, but a thick,
text: blunt, rounded end shows out of the loose sand and
text: rock. Massive. On its surface are red-hot blurs,
text: like fire under ashes.
speaker_heading: RANGERS VOICE (0.s.)
dialog: Can't get near enough to see it very
dialog: well - it's too hot -- but it's a
dialog: whale of a size!
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: EXT. FISHING CAMP - GROUP
text: Clayton Forrester, Pryor, Bilderbeck, sitting by the
text: fire, eating. All the makings of a meal are on a
text: nearby box: coffee, rolls, butter, honey, canned
text: fruit, fried tomatoes. Extra helpings of fish simmer
text: in the pan. A beat-up station wagon lurches out of
text: the darkness in b.g. The three look up, surprised.
text: Fiddler, the deputy ranger from the lookout post, alights.
speaker_heading: FIDDLER
dialog: (Calling)
dialog: I got a message for you.
dialog: (Moving in)
dialog: You're the guys from Pacific-Tech,
dialog: ain't you?
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Right.
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: FIDDLER
dialog: (Eyeing pan)
dialog: Looks like the fishing was good.
speaker_heading: BILDERBECK
dialog: Have some?
speaker_heading: FIDDLER
dialog: (Eagerly - hitching
dialog: over a box)
dialog: Well...I might just do that...!
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT - GROUP
text: Fiddler reaches for a plate, then helps himself
dialog: liberally to everything in sight - most of the
text: remaining fish, two rolls, a hunk of butter, coffee.
text: The others stop eating and watch him.
speaker_heading: FIDDLER
dialog: (Talking between grabs)
dialog: It's about that meteor. They say it's
text: a whopper. The District Officer phoned
text: us at the lookout up on the summit.
dialog: Thought you might be interested...
dialog: It's ten or twelve miles from here -
text: over by Linda Rosa.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Are they sure it's a meteor? It
dialog: didn't come down like one.
speaker_heading: FIDDLER
dialog: (Gesturing with fish
dialog: on his fork)
dialog: That's right - came down in kinda
dialog: spurts, didn't it?
dialog: (Gobbles fish)
dialog: You fellers'll have to figure it
dialog: out. You're scientists
text: (Puts down fork- plucks
dialog: cigarette from Bilderbeck's
dialog: shirt pocket)
dialog: All I know - they say it's as big as
text: a house and practically red hot.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: (To Bilderbeck)
dialog: I'd like to borrow your car and take
text: a look at it in the morning.
text: Bilderbeck nods. Pryor looks toward the plane in
dialog: the meadow in b.g.
speaker_heading: PRYOR
dialog: We ought to get back to Pasadena.
dialog: 24.
dialog: 25.
dialog: (Gesturing)
dialog: I can fly Bilderbeck down in your plane.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Okay, if he's willing.
dialog: (Grinning)
dialog: The insurance is paid up.
text: Bilderbeck takes a stick from the fire and holds it
text: out to Fiddler, who is eating again, holding the
dialog: cigarette.
speaker_heading: BILDERBECK
dialog: Want a light?
speaker_heading: FIDDLER
dialog: (Glancing)
dialog: No. I'll smoke it later.
text: He tucks the cigarette behind his ear and goes on
dialog: eating.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: EXT. GULLY & DIRT ROAD - (EARLY MORNING)
text: The meteor still lies in the gully, heat-hazed, a
text: little thin smoke rising, burned grass and bushes
text: in b.g. On the bank of the gully, a woman is kodaking
text: two kids against the b.g. of the meteor. Beyond,
text: a few old cars and a station wagon have pulled off
text: the dirt road; nearby is Pastor Collins’ three-year-
dialog: old Plymouth.
scene_heading: EXT. GULLY & DIRT ROAD - MED. SHOT - GROUP
text: Sylvia is sitting behind the wheel in Pastor Collins’
text: car. The Pastor is talking to the uniformed Ranger.
text: With them are Wash Perry, Alonzo Hogue, Salvador,
text: Fiddler. A handful of people is scattered in b.g.,
text: eyeing the meteor, talking about it.
speaker_heading: RANGER
dialog: (Pointing)
dialog: It must have hit way up there, and
text: then skidded along the gully. When
dialog: it stopped, all that loose earth and
text: stuff shook down over it.
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: It's probably a stray from a swarm
text: of meteors.
speaker_heading: ALONZO HOGUE
dialog: (To Pastor)
dialog: 26.
dialog: I reckon most of it's buried.
speaker_heading: FIDDLER
dialog: That's twelve feet thick, easy.
dialog: Maybe more.
speaker_heading: ALONZO HOGUE
dialog: Meteors always run heavy. They won't
dialog: be able to haul this one away to no
dialog: museum!
dialog: (Speculatively)
dialog: It'll be a real good attraction for
dialog: Sunday drivers.
speaker_heading: WASH PERRY
dialog: Better'n a lion farm or a snake pit.
dialog: We won't have to feed it!
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: We sell the tamales, enchiladas -
dialog: hot dogs!
speaker_heading: FIDDLER
dialog: Ice cream, cold drinks, souvenirs!
speaker_heading: PASTOR COLLINS
dialog: I think we should put up a few
dialog: picnic tables...
speaker_heading: ALONZO HOGUE
dialog: (Quickly)
dialog: Naw, naw -- then they'd bring their
dialog: own lunches!
scene_heading: GROUP - OUTSIDE THE GULLY
text: "BUCK' MONAHAN - in service station overalls - passes
text: the group, carrying a shovel, headed for the meteor.
text: In b.g. a convertible pulls off the dirt road.
speaker_heading: FIDDLER
dialog: What's the idea, Buck? Gonna dig
dialog: for gold?
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: (Indicating meteor)
dialog: This is gonna be like having a gold
dialog: mine in our own back yard!
speaker_heading: PASTOR COLLLINS
dialog: (To Sylvia)
dialog: I'm going to get a closer look at it.
text: The men come forward, PAST CAMERA. Sylvia pulls out
text: the car keys, reaches for her purse. The convertible
text: bumps up, stops. The back is loaded with camping
dialog: 27.
dialog: 28.
dialog: 29.
text: gear and clustered fishing rods. Clayton Forrester
text: gets out, looking toward the gully. Sylvia glances
text: at him as she starts after the others, opening her
text: purse. A faint ticking SOUND comes overscene.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Is that it over there?
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: (Searching purse)
dialog: Yes...ugly looking, isn't it.
scene_heading: GROUP - FROM THE GULLY
text: as Buck comes on toward the meteor with his shovel.
text: Pastor Collins and the others pause to watch him.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: (Calling back)
dialog: It's still pretty darned hot!
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT - BUCK AND METEOR
text: He shields his face, reaching out, probing with his
text: shovel trying to determine the size of the meteor.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - CLAYTON AND SYLVIA - HIS CAR IN B.G.
text: He is looking toward the gully. She now has a ciga-
text: rette. They pause as she begins looking for matches.
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: (Rummaging in purse)
dialog: Did you see it come down?
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: (Absently, studying
dialog: gully and meteor)
dialog: Yes...I was fishing up in the hills.
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: (Glancing back at car)
dialog: You must have caught plenty with
dialog: all that tackle!
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: (Glancing, smiling)
dialog: Oh - there were three of us.
dialog: (Starting forward)
dialog: The others flew back in my plane.
dialog: (Pausing again - looking os.)
dialog: I don't understand why a meteor this
dialog: size didn't make a bigger crater.
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: (Definite)
text: It hit sideways and skidded in.
text: He glances at her, a little amused. She catches his
dialog: eye.
speaker_heading: SYLVIA (Cont'd)
dialog: (Easily)
dialog: At least, that's what I think. I
dialog: don't really know.
dialog: (At purse)
dialog: But the Ranger says a scientist is
dialog: coming from Pacific-Tech. He'll
dialog: tell us.
dialog: (And then)
dialog: Clayton Forrester. Ever hear of him?
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: (Looking o.s. - changing
dialog: the subject)
dialog: What's that fellow over there trying
dialog: to do - dig it out?
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: (Over him, not hearing)
dialog: He's top man in astro and nuclear
dialog: physics. He knows all about meteors!
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - MOVING
text: FAVORING Clayton, as they move on. Clayton is
text: secretly amused, and a little flattered.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: You seem to know a lot about him.
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: Well, I did a thesis on modern scien-
dialog: tists - working for my Masters degree.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Did it do you any good?
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: Why, sure -- I got it! Do you have
dialog: a match?
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: I'm sorry. I don't smoke.
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: (Going on, enthusiastic)
dialog: Forrester's the man behind the new
dialog: atomic engines. They had him on the
dialog: cover of 'Time'. You've got to rate
dialog: to get that!
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Aw, he isn't that good...!
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: (Protesting, stopping)
dialog: How can you say that when you don't
dialog: know him!
scene_heading: 31. TWO SHOT - CLAYTON AND SYLVIA
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: I do know him...slightly.
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: (Interested at once)
dialog: What's he like?
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Like...ah...
text: Clayton hesitates, points to himself. She stares,
text: then gets it. For a moment she is provoked, then
text: she bursts naturally into laughter. He laughs with
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: Well, you certainly don't look like
dialog: yourself in that get-up!
dialog: (Laughing still,
dialog: offering hand)
dialog: But I am happy to meet you anyway.
dialog: I'm Sylvia Van Buren. I teach
text: Library Science over at USC.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: I didn't know how to stop you...!
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: I might have recognized you without
dialog: the beard. And you didn't wear
dialog: glasses on the 'Time' cover!
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: They're really for long distance.
dialog: When I want to look at something
dialog: close...
dialog: (Removing glasses,
dialog: bending to her)
dialog: I take them off.
scene_heading: 32. GROUP - FROM THE GULLY
text: Buck is backing off, blowing running with sweat.
text: Clayton and Sylvia approach from b.g.
speaker_heading: GROUP - AD LIBS
dialog: (Kidding)
dialog: You gonna quit? -- Roll up your
dialog: sleeves, Buck! -- We thought you
dialog: were gonna dig it out by yourself.
text: Buck joins the group, wiping sweat. CAMERA MOVES IN
text: as Clayton comes up with Sylvia.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Boy - you could fry eggs on it!
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: All that sand will keep the heat
dialog: in for a long time.
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: (To Pastor Collins)
dialog: Uncle Matthew...this is Dr. Clayton
dialog: Forrester.
dialog: (To Clayton)
dialog: My uncle - Dr. Matthew Collins, pastor
dialog: of the Community Church.
speaker_heading: PASTOR COLLINS
dialog: (Offering hand, pleased)
dialog: Well-1...how do you do, Dr. Forrester!
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: (Courteous - warm)
dialog: How dtyou do, sir?
speaker_heading: SHERIFF'S VOICE (0O.s.)
dialog: (Excitedly calling)
dialog: Hey - you!
text: All look quickly.
scene_heading: 33. EXT. CLAYTON'S CAR - CLOSE SHOT - MOVING SHOT
text: CAMERA is CLOSE and ANGLED DOWN in the back of the
text: car. Tucked along fishing and camping gear alongside
text: a box of iced trout is an impressive Geiger counter,
text: chattering furiously. A signal light is flashing
text: rapidly. The Sheriff's hands reach for it. CAMERA
text: MOVES BACK and his face comes into SCENE, looking
text: down at the counter.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: (Yelling off)
dialog: What you got in here, feller?...It's
text: ticking like a bomb!
text: The SHOT WIDENS as Clayton enter with Pastor Collins,
text: Sylvia, the Ranger and others. Clayton reaches into
text: the car and picks up a short pole-meter attached to
text: the counter. He swings it around. The clicking
text: slows. He lifts the counter out, points the pole-
text: meter at the gully. The light flashes become a rapid
text: blur, brilliant. The chattering increases to a high-
text: pitched buzz.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: (To Sheriff)
text: This is a Geiger counter for detecting
dialog: radio-activity. We did a little sur-
dialog: veying while we were up in the hills.
text: (Above SOUND of the counter -
dialog: looking o.s.)
dialog: It's that meteor.
speaker_heading: PASTOR COLLINS
dialog: It's radio-active?
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: Look at this thing -- goin’ crazy!
text: He reaches for the Geiger. Clayton lets him have it
text: and remains looking toward the gully. The SOUND of
text: the Geiger counter continues over SCENE.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: (Puzzled)
dialog: It's difficult to account for a
dialog: reaction like that!
speaker_heading: RANGER
dialog: (Moving in)
dialog: Maybe we ought to keep people away
dialog: from it, huh?
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: (Quietly - thinking)
dialog: Might be a good idea.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: I'll post two-three deputies. They
dialog: can watch it don't start any more fires.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - CLAYTON, PASTOR & SYLVIA
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: You know, that meteor's either very
dialog: light - which is unheard of! - or
dialog: else it's hollow somehow. If it were
dialog: solid and heavy it would have made a
text: tremendous crater when it landed.
dialog: (Suddenly)
dialog: I think I'll stay around until it
text: cools off.
dialog: 35.
dialog: 36.
dialog: (To Sylvia)
dialog: If you could tell me of a place in
dialog: town --
dialog: (Strokes his chin)
dialog: -- I'd like to clean up.
speaker_heading: PASTOR COLLINS
dialog: I'd be delighted if you'd stay at
dialog: my house, Doctor Forrester.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Thank you.
dialog: (Looks toward meteor)
dialog: It probably won't be cool for another
text: twenty-four hours.
dialog: (To Sylvia)
dialog: What do people do around here on a
dialog: Saturday?
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: (Returning his smile)
dialog: They don't do much of anything...!
speaker_heading: PASTOR COLLINS
dialog: There's a square dance at the social
dialog: hall this evening.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
speaker_heading: OUT
scene_heading: INT. SOCIAL HALL, LINDA ROSA - (NIGHT)
text: Very CLOSE on Fiddler Hawkins, sweating, calling the
text: dance, holding violin.
speaker_heading: FIDDLER
dialog: (Raucous)
text: A hickory limp and an ole burned stump -
dialog: Go meet your honey and everybody jump!
text: CAMERA PULLS BACK. Fiddler wears Levis, embroidered
text: shirt. With him is a guitar player in a dress-up
text: Western outfit. Everybody's stomping. Girls in
text: tight bodices, swirling skirts, bows in their hair,
text: Men in T-shirts, suits and shirtsleeves, Levis, fron-
text: tier pants and cowboy boots.
speaker_heading: FIDDLER (Cont'd)
dialog: Now promenade two and promenade four -
dialog: Promenade that pretty gal all around
dialog: the floor.
text: CAMERA PICKS UP Clayton and Sylvia promenading arm in
text: arm in a SET which includes the Sheriff. Clayton
dialog: 37.
dialog: 38.
dialog: 39.
dialog: 40.
text: wears tan gabardine slacks, fresh shirt, tie with a
text: Western motif. He is clean-shaven. Sylvia wears a
dialog: forget-me-not cotton print, with style to it. Clayton
dialog: is not an accomplished square dancer, but he isn't bad.
text: Sylvia checks his wrong move in response to the next
text: rollicking call. He laughs. They both enjoy this.
speaker_heading: FIDDLER'S VOICE
dialog: Now face your lady and make a bow,
dialog: She's a pretty one you'll allow!
dialog: Point the heel and point the toe -
dialog: Now you're makin’ a do-si-do.
dialog: Mom - there's a chicken in the bread-bin
dialog: A-peckin' at the dough!
dialog: One more change and on we go.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - EXT. GULLY - METEOR - (NIGHT)
text: No smoke now. Its appearance is otherwise unchanged.
scene_heading: EXT. GULLY - MED. SHOT - (NIGHT)
text: Wash Perry, Alonzo Hogue, Salvador. Behind them, two
text: old cars are parked not far from the gully. A small
text: fire burns on the open ground. The three men step
text: forward toward the gully, peering through the dark-
text: ness. Salvador switches on a flashlight.
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - EXT. GULLY - CLOSE SHOT - METEOR
text: Still, ominous, as the flashlight hits it.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - WASH, SALVADOR, ALONZO
text: They MOVE toward the gully, Salvador playing the
text: flashlight ahead. As they pause on the edge of
text: the gully, he cuts the light.
speaker_heading: ALONZO HOGUE
dialog: Looks almost cold now, don't it?
speaker_heading: WASH PERRY
dialog: That won't start no more fires. We
dialog: might's well go home.
speaker_heading: ALONZO HOGUE
dialog: (Spitting - starting away)
dialog: Yeah. No sense stayin' out here.
speaker_heading: WASH PERRY
dialog: (Following him)
dialog: Let's go.
text: As they start away, CAMERA MOVES CLOSE on Salvador.
text: He raises the flashlight for a last look at the
text: meteor and pops it on directly into the LENSE.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: (In alarm)
dialog: Hey - it's movin"!
scene_heading: 41. SPECIAL EFFECT - EXT. GULLY - MED. SHOT - REVERSE SHOT -
speaker_heading: THE THREE
text: Alonzo Hogue and Wash Perry, f.g., whirl and go back
text: to Salvador. Beyond them in the gully, the meteor
text: is lit by Salvador's flashlight. Something is moving
text: on top of it.
scene_heading: 4la. CLOSE THREE SHOT
text: Eyes popping as they stare off at the meter.
scene_heading: 4lb. SPECIAL EFFECT - METEOR
text: Thin gray clinker is dropping off in flakes. The
text: rounded top is turning. A thread of bright metal
text: appears between the moving top and the body.
scene_heading: 42. MED. CLOSE THREE SHOT - (MOVING SHOT)
text: They start to back off.
speaker_heading: ALONZO HOGUE
dialog: It's a bomb!
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: It don't go off last night --
dialog: it's going off now!
speaker_heading: WASH PERRY
dialog: It's an enemy sneak attack. Let's
dialog: get outta here!
speaker_heading: ALONZO HOGUE
dialog: (Stopping them)
dialog: Wait a minute - wait a minute!....
text: Bombs don't unscrew.
speaker_heading: WASH PERRY
dialog: (Backing away again)
dialog: It's no meteor, that's for sure!
speaker_heading: ALONZO HOGUE
dialog: 43.
dialog: 44,
dialog: 45.
dialog: 46.
dialog: 47.
dialog: (Backing away too)
dialog: Darnedest thing I ever saw - the way
dialog: that's unscrewing!
text: Salvador only stares as they all retreat.
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - METEOR - (MOVING SHOT)
text: CAMERA MOVES SLOWLY BACK. The top segment of the
text: meteor is turning steadily. The band of bright
text: metal is rapidly growing wider, serrated, greenish-
dialog: white.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. SOCIAL HALL - SIDE LINES - (NIGHT)
text: Favoring Sylvia, sitting on a bench against the wall,
text: fanning herself with a lace handkerchief. Clayton
text: comes to her between guys, wiping sweat. Girls fix-
text: ing shaken hair-do's. People arguing about who ruined
text: the square. Clayton has two soft drinks with straws,
text: hands one bottle to Sylvia, drops on the bench beside
text: her. Fiddler's VOICE comes over SCENE.
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: (Taking bottle)
dialog: Thank you, Doctor Forrester...
dialog: (Glancing)
dialog: You having fun?
speaker_heading: DANCE FLOOR
text: SHOOTING past Clayton and Sylvia. He is sweating.
text: Beyond them, hearty dancers are going to town.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Yes. And you know what I was thinking?
dialog: (Wiping sweat - eyeing
dialog: dancers)
dialog: If we could gather all the energy
text: expended in just one square dance,
dialog: we could send that meteor back to
dialog: where it came from.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
speaker_heading: OUT
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - EXT. GULLY - METEOR (MOVING SHOT)
text: CAMERA MOVES IN slowly. The bright band of metal
dialog: 48.
dialog: 49,
dialog: 50.
dialog: 51.
dialog: 52.
dialog: 53.
text: is now almost two feet wide. Suddenly the rotating
text: section falls away like a shell, uncovering bright
text: metal within the opening.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT - WASH, SALVADOR & ALONZO
text: CAMERA MOVES WITH THEM as they inch forward toward
text: the gully. A faint, reddish light catches their
text: faces. Salvador flicks the spotlight on.
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - MED. SHOT - METEOR OPENING
text: The metal sheath within the opening parts, shutter-
text: like, allowing vivid, reddish light to glow upward
text: from the interior. A HISSING SOUND comes from
dialog: the meteor.
scene_heading: CLOSE THREE SHOT
text: They stare, fascinated. The SOUND dies away.
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - MED. FULL SHOT - METEOR
text: The light in the opening dims. Something begins to
text: appear from inside, revolving about, making a WHINING
text: SOUND. Dimly seen, it emerges. It is flattened,
text: hooded, with faintly-luminous openings -- almost
text: cobra-like. It turns as if scanning the area --
text: snout glittering.
speaker_heading: OUT
speaker_heading: THREE SHOT
text: Wash, Alonzo and Salvador move forward cautiously,
text: warily watching the meteor.
speaker_heading: WASH PERRY
dialog: Must be somebody in there.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Who? Where d'you think they come from!
speaker_heading: WASH PERRY
dialog: How would I know...!
speaker_heading: ALONZO HOGUE
dialog: (Significantly)
dialog: I read someplace - Mars is near
dialog: the earth right now.
text: They look at him - all getting the same idea.
speaker_heading: ALONZO HOGUE (Cont'd)
dialog: Happens every eighteen or twenty
dialog: years, they say.
dialog: (Softly)
dialog: Men from Mars - whaddya think?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: (Uneasily)
dialog: Maybe these are not men - not like us.
speaker_heading: WASH PERRY
dialog: Everything human don't have to look
dialog: like you and me....
speaker_heading: ALONZO HOGUE
dialog: If it's men from Mars, we ought to
dialog: let 'em know we're friendly!
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: (Quick - warning)
dialog: Don't fool around with something
dialog: when we don't know what it is!
speaker_heading: WASH PERRY
dialog: We'd be the first to make contact
dialog: with 'em -- see?
speaker_heading: ALONZO HOGUE
dialog: (Sharp - suggesting)
dialog: We'd be in all the papers!
speaker_heading: WASH PERRY
dialog: (Eagerly)
dialog: Hey, how about that!
speaker_heading: ALONZO HOGUE
dialog: We could show 'em we're friendly,
dialog: huh? Walk out there with a white
dialog: flag!
dialog: (Turning)
dialog: Here - I got an old sugar sack in
dialog: my car!
text: He leaves the two and runs back to his car and gets
text: the sack and rips it open. He picks up the shovel
text: discarded earlier by Buck, starts to tie the sack
dialog: to it.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: (In £.g. - to Wash.)
dialog: What'll we say to ‘em?
speaker_heading: WASH PERRY
dialog: Welcome to California!
dialog: 54,
dialog: 55.
dialog: 56.
dialog: 57.
dialog: 58.
text: Alonzo Hogue rejoins them, swinging his white flag
text: from side to side as they look off toward the meteor.
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - METEOR OPENING
text: Now the shape is extended on a flexible, glistening
text: shaft, revolving about.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - THE THREE (MOVING SHOT)
text: They begin to smile as they move forward over the
dialog: rough ground. Salvador doesn't like it too well,
text: but he comes along.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: How they gonna understand us?
speaker_heading: ALONZO HOGUE
dialog: We'll talk in sign language.
speaker_heading: WASH PERRY
dialog: (Bolstering his own
dialog: feelings)
dialog: They'll understand us, all right!
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: (Reassuring himself)
dialog: Sure, sure! Everybody understands
dialog: you wave the white flag, you wanna
dialog: be friends.
speaker_heading: OUT.
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - CLOSE ON HOODED SHAPE ON SHAFT
text: Revolving around. Then it seems to zero in the
text: direction of the approaching group. A light begins
text: to flicker within the head mechanism.
scene_heading: MED. FULL SHOT - GROUP & COBRA-HEADED SHAPE
text: CAMERA FRAMED over the mechanism in f.g. Beyond, on
text: the edge of the gully, the three men spread out.
text: Alonzo holds the flag high. Wash lifts his Panama hat.
text: Salvador waves a handkerchief.
speaker_heading: WASH PERRY
dialog: Hey, there - open up!
speaker_heading: ALONZO HOGUE
dialog: Come on out! We're friends!
dialog: 59.
dialog: 60.
dialog: 60a.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: (Nervous - open-armed)
dialog: That's right! We welcome you.
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - CLOSE SHOT - COBRA HEAD
text: The glittering light within the hood brightens and
text: begins to glow red and yellow.
speaker_heading: WASH PERRY'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: We're friends!
speaker_heading: SALVADOR'S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Yeah - all friends here!
text: A blinding flash - red, orange, yellow, spits from the
text: hooded shape, obliterating everything. An unearthly
text: SCREAM accompanies it.
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - EXT. GULLY - THREE MEN & METEOR
text: A REVERSE ANGLE across Wash Perry, Salvador and
text: Alonzo Hogue to the hooded shape beyond. The blast of
text: the heat-ray - pulsating, glaring - outlines them
text: momentarily as stark silhouettes, then engulfs them
text: in searing flames. As the horrible SCREAMING reaches
text: a crescendo, the men become incandescent, glowing,
text: then crumpling.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. SOCIAL HALL
text: Favoring Clayton and Sylvia, near the climax of a set.
speaker_heading: FIDDLER'S VOICE
dialog: Here we come with the old mess wagon,
text: The hind wheel off and the axle draggin’...
text: Every light cuts off. The music FADES OUT. The sets
text: break up. People bump into one another.
speaker_heading: SQUARE DANCERS
dialog: (Ad lib)
dialog: What's the big idea? - Who's monkey-
dialog: ing with the lights? - Get your hand
dialog: outa my pocket! - Where's the fuse
dialog: box?
text: A girl titters shrilly as a boy hugs her.
speaker_heading: FIDDLER'S VOICE
dialog: No smoochin' in the dark, folks!
dialog: 61.
dialog: 62.
scene_heading: NEAR REFRESHMENT COUNTER
text: Someone lights a candle and puts it in a bottle.
text: Dancers are milling, laughing, kidding. Zippy is at
text: a pay phone on the wall, between the counter and the
text: door to the street. Clayton and Sylvia move into
text: The Sheriff pushes past them.
speaker_heading: FIDDLER
dialog: (At a window)
dialog: Hey, look! - look! Every light in
dialog: the town's gone out.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: (To Zippy)
dialog: Call the electric company. See what
dialog: happened.
speaker_heading: ZIPPY
dialog: (Jogging receiver)
dialog: The phone's gone dead!
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: (To Sylvia, glancing)
dialog: The phone's not on the same circuit
text: as the lights.
text: Shooting out from the refreshment counter, favoring
text: an elderly man and his wife.
speaker_heading: ELDERLY MAN
dialog: What they sayin', honey?
dialog: (Removing ear-plug)
dialog: Somep'n's gone wrong with my hear-
dialog: ing aid!
speaker_heading: PASTOR COLLINS
dialog: Well, we always play ‘Goodnight, Ladies'
text: at twelve o'clock, anyway.
dialog: (Reaching for pocket watch)
dialog: It must be nearly that now - My watch
text: has stopped.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: I got the time.
dialog: (At wrist-watch)
dialog: No - mine's stopped, too!
speaker_heading: ZIPPY
dialog: So's mine!
speaker_heading: CROWD - AD LIBS
dialog: (Looking at watches,
dialog: 63.
dialog: 64.
dialog: 65.
dialog: shaking them)
dialog: Jeepers, mine ain't workin', either!
dialog: What is this? - Hey, look, the clock's
dialog: stopped - My watch isn't going - How
dialog: could this happen!
scene_heading: GROUP - CLAYTON, SYLVIA, SHERIFF, PASTOR COLLINS IN F.G.
text: Clayton looks at his watch, then at Sylvia's. He
text: slips off his own.
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: They've all stopped at the same
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: There's only about one explanation
dialog: for a thing like this..Got a pin?
text: She reaches under the lapel of the Pastor's jacket,
text: hands a pin to Clayton. He puts it on the counter,
text: then brings the case of his watch near it.
scene_heading: INSERT: WRIST-WATCH AND PIN
text: The pin leaps at the watch-case, drawn magnetically.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON'S VOICE
dialog: See that? My watch is magnetized.
text: Sylvia's hands come INTO SHOT as she slips off her
text: wrist-watch to try it against the pin.
scene_heading: GROUP - FAVORING CLAYTON
text: Everyone starts to test watch cases against bobby-
text: pins, hairpins, exclaiming.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: That's what knocked the phones
text: out, too.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: How could it happen to everybody's
dialog: watch together?
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: (Over him)
dialog: Have you got a pocket compass?
text: The Sheriff produces one in a case. Clayton sets it
text: on the counter. They bend to watch the needle.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: 66.
dialog: 67.
dialog: 68.
dialog: (Sharply)
dialog: That needle ain't pointing north!
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
text: It's pointing out to the gully -
dialog: where that meteor came down.
text: The thin SCREAM OF A SIREN sounds 0.S. Everyone starts
dialog: for the doors.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN STREET, LINDA ROSA
text: Shooting from the entrance of the social hall, as
text: people pile out, Clayton, Sylvia and Pastor Collins
text: with them. The town is completely blacked out. The
text: only visible light is from a police car, using hand
text: siren and red blinker. Its headlights silver the
text: dark streets as it races up.
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: How does it happen cars are
dialog: running?
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Automobile ignitions are
text: insulated.
text: Brakes screech. The car pulls over, stops. A COP -
text: middle-aged, solid - tumbles out.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Sheriff! What's goin' on?
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: (Hurrying to him)
dialog: I don't know no more'n you, Joe.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: (To Sylvia and Pastor
dialog: Collins, moving away)
dialog: Excuse me...
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: (Pointing)
dialog: Look at the fire out there!
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - THEIR VIEW
text: Beyond houses and hilltops, the glow of a fire, four
text: miles away.
scene_heading: EXT. SOCIAL HALL - BY THE COP'S CAR
text: The COP and the Sheriff gazing out as Clayton joins
dialog: 69.
dialog: 70.
dialog: 71.
dialog: 72.
text: them. Everyone staring with them.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: (To Clayton)
dialog: Let's go see!
text: They get into the car. Sylvia watches it go. SOUND
text: of motor and siren over SCENE. The group breaks up
text: as people run to their cars.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE GULLY - DIRT ROAD - (NIGHT)
text: The police car bumps toward us, blinker working.
text: The SIREN DIES.
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - DIRT ROAD - MED. SHOT
text: CROSS ANGLE. As the Police car comes to a stop,
text: Clayton and the Sheriff hop out downstage, the Cop
text: gets out on the driver's side. Behind the car,
text: bushes are blazing. Above, on the hilltop, the
text: Martian heat-ray has left a line of fire which
text: stretches straight into the night. In its path,
text: some way off, a transmission tower has fallen,
text: partly melted, high-tension wires trailing, still
text: sparking.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: (Looking toward fallen tower)
dialog: That explains why the lights went out!
text: The Cop, standing beside the spotlight, looks off.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: (Pointing)
dialog: What the bejeepers went on here?
dialog: Look at their cars...!
scene_heading: EXT. DIRT ROAD - REMAINS OF CARS
text: The cars belonging to Fiddler and the others are gray,
text: ashy shapes, collapsed. Hardly recognizable except
text: for their tires, which leave a darker residue. Bushes
text: and grass are still burning around.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP - COP
text: Jittery, he reaches for the spotlight and snaps it
text: on toward the gully.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: 73.
dialog: 73a.
dialog: 74.
dialog: 75.
dialog: 76.
dialog: 77.
dialog: And look there!
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD & GULLY - GROUP & METEOR
text: A REVERSE ANGLE over the men to the meteor in the
text: gully. The beam of the Cop's spotlight sweeps over
text: the smoldering bushes and rough ground, striking the
text: bottom of the meteor and then returning to something
text: on the edge above the gully.
scene_heading: CLOSE TWO SHOT - CLAYTON & SHERIFF
text: The Sheriff wets his suddenly dry lips, gazing PAST
text: CAMERA. Clayton looks with him.
text: WHAT THEY SEE ON THE EDGE OF THE GULLY - CLOSEUP
text: Three shallow piles of gray ash, man-shaped, lie on
text: the bare and blackened earth, held in the spotlight.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT - CLAYTON, SHERIFF & COP
text: Looking PAST CAMERA.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: (To Cop)
dialog: People in town started to follow
dialog: us out.
dialog: (Looking toward gully)
dialog: Don't let them come anywhere near here.
dialog: (Suddenly authoritative -
dialog: loud)
dialog: Get going!
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - CLOSE SHOT - METEOR
text: The hooded shape on its flexible shaft now rears
text: twelve or fifteen feet above the meteor. The cobra-
text: head is turning, zero-ing toward the road. It begins
text: to glitter inside the hood.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - MED. SHOT
text: The Cop is diving into the car in panic.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Kill that spotlight. Turn off
dialog: your headlights!
text: The cop cuts all the lights, backs around and takes
text: off the way he came, CAMERA PANNING with him.
dialog: Tia.
dialog: 78.
dialog: 79.
dialog: 80.
dialog: 81.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - CLAYTON & SHERIFF
text: The SOUND of the SCREAMING of the heat-ray whirls them
text: about as the reddish light glows on their faces.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: (Sharp - to Sheriff)
dialog: Jump! Get under cover!!
text: They dash off in the direction taken by the car.
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - EXT. DIRT ROAD - MED. FULL SHOT
text: A REVERSE ANGLE, SHOOTING along the road toward the
text: gully. The meteor is concealed behind a knoll.
text: Clayton and the Sheriff, b.g. race down the road
text: to f£.g. and dive into a ditch as the superheated
text: glare of the heat-ray swings from the gully toward
text: them. The SCREAM is ear-splitting in intensity.
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - CLOSE SHOT - CLAYTON & SHERIFF
text: The ray SCREAMS over their heads. It holds above
text: the ditch. Throbbing. Its reddish glare blinding.
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - HEAT-RAY - COP'S CAR - FULL SHOT
text: The car turns incandescent as the ray envelopes it,
text: still going forward. It turns ashy gray. Hits
text: a boulder on the shoulder of the road and breaks
text: up into a spray of ashes.
scene_heading: EXT. DITCH - CLOSE SHOT - CLAYTON & SHERIFF
text: A REVERSE ANGLE on them huddled low as the ray
text: cuts off. They whirl about toward the meteor.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: (Wild)
dialog: What is that gizmo?!
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: (Controlled)
dialog: I think that - gizmo - is a machine
dialog: from another planet.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: (Shaken)
dialog: We better get word to the authorities
dialog: and --
dialog: (Gazing up)
dialog: 82.
dialog: 83.
dialog: 83a.
dialog: 84.
dialog: 85.
dialog: Look!
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - SKY & SECOND METEOR - FULL SHOT
text: Beyond the burning grass, another meteor is spurting
text: down the sky, bright and burning green.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - CLAYTON & SHERIFF
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Sheriff - you'd better get word to
dialog: the military. You're going to need
dialog: them out here!
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - EXT. GULLY - CLOSE SHOT
text: The hooded shape revolves about, searching. Its
text: snout glitters and glows alternately as it searches
dialog: for a target.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: QUICK CUTS - MARINE TRUCKS & JEEPS - (NIGHT)
text: a. Main Street, Linda Rosa. No lights. No neon
text: signs. Three trucks smash through the town.
text: Loaded with Marines.
text: b. Low CAMERA - jeeps. A Machine-gun jeep is
text: charging over the crest of a low hill, drop-
text: ping to lower ground. Another follows. Guns
text: and helmeted men are silhouetted against the
dialog: sky.
text: c. Two personnel trucks rolling fast, parting
dialog: where dirt roads cross.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: EXT. BLACK-TOP ROAD & T-CROSSING - (NIGHT)
text: Beyond is a windbreak of eucalyptus trees and a low
text: earth bank. Parked on the side road is a remote-
text: control truck from the KGEB radio station. A few
text: reporters and cameramen are on the black-top road,
text: gazing out over open ground toward the gully.
text: CAMERA favors the KGEB REPORTER - ex-newsman, high-
text: wire and alert, sharkskin suit and Panama hat. He
text: has a portable mike, is interviewing PROFESSOR
dialog: 86.
dialog: 87.
text: OGILVY - a youngish, half-bald intellectual. Clayton
text: stands by. Near them is the Sheriff and Marine
text: COLONEL HEFFNER - easy-mannered, tough.
speaker_heading: KGEB REPORTER
dialog: (At mike)
dialog: ...The area is under control of the Marines
text: from El Toro Base, and the gully is under
dialog: close observation...And now -- here is
dialog: Professor Ogilvy from the Canadian Meteor-
dialog: ological Research Council!
dialog: (To Prof. Ogilvy -
dialog: extending mike)
dialog: Is it true you've had reports about land-
dialog: ings in other places, Professor?
scene_heading: PROF. OGILVY
dialog: Yes. In Bordeaux, France. Some from
dialog: Spain. There's supposed to be one down
dialog: near the Gulf of Taranto, Italy. We're
text: still trying to locate the second meteor
dialog: that dropped in this vicinity just about
dialog: midnight.
speaker_heading: KGEB REPORTER
dialog: D'you think they come from Mars?
scene_heading: PROF. OGILVY
dialog: (Deferring)
dialog: What do you think, Doctor Forrester?
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT - GROUP
text: KGEB man and his mike f.g., catching the faces of
dialog: Colonel Heffner, the Sheriff, Prof. Ogilvy, Clayton
text: and reporters who are listening.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: It's possible. At least, it seems
dialog: certain they're from some other
dialog: planet than our own.
scene_heading: PROF. OGILVY
dialog: Recently Mars and our earth were in
dialog: conjunction --
dialog: (Adds)
dialog: -- in line. This could account for
dialog: the extended radio interference lately.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: EXT. CORNER RADIO STORE, LOS ANGELES - (NIGHT)
text: A cheesy, sleazy store. They sell radios, TV and
text: musical instruments. Big signs in the windows. A
dialog: 88.
text: console in the doorway. A bunch of bums hanging
text: around, listening.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON'S VOICE
dialog: (Over radio)
dialog: In fact -- if they are from Mars -- it
dialog: is possible they first made landings on
dialog: the moon and used it as an observation
dialog: post!
text: A bum with an unlighted stub of a cigar takes it
text: out, backs off, looking up at the sky. Others look
text: with him, then at one another.
speaker_heading: KGEB REPORTER'S VOICE
dialog: (Over radio)
dialog: That makes the old moon appear a
dialog: lot less friendly, sir.
speaker_heading: FIRST BUM
dialog: (Half-whispering)
dialog: This a gag?
speaker_heading: SECOND BUM
dialog: (Listening)
dialog: Shaddap...!
speaker_heading: KGEB REPORTER'S VOICE
dialog: Suppose they are Martians, Professor.
dialog: What would they look like?
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. WELL-TO-DO HOUSE - (NIGHT)
text: SHOOTING past a group of well-dressed people eating a
text: supper snack from a big coffee table by a picture win-
text: dow. Through this we can see Los Angeles spread out
text: below, neons glowing like jewels. The group is
text: listening attentively to a radio.
speaker_heading: KGEB REPORTER'S VOICE
dialog: (Continuing his questioning)
dialog: Bigger than us? Smaller?
scene_heading: PROFESSOR OGILVY'S VOICE
dialog: Well, as to Martians -- our gravitational
dialog: pull would weigh them down. Our heavier
dialog: air would oppress them....
speaker_heading: KGEB REPORTER'S VOICE
dialog: But d'you think they'd be breathing
dialog: creatures like us? What about hearts
dialog: and blood and all that?
text: A bird-brained blonde moves into SCENE, staring.
dialog: 89.
scene_heading: PROF. OGILVY'S VOICE
dialog: My field is limited. Doctor Forrester
dialog: could tell you much more.
speaker_heading: BLONDE
dialog: (Over Prof. Ogilvy)
dialog: Oh, how dull - everybody listening to
dialog: the radio!
speaker_heading: BIG GUY
dialog: (Grabbing her)
dialog: Qui-et! Siddown!
scene_heading: PROF. OGILVY'S VOICE
dialog: But if they are Martians, and if they do
dialog: have hearts, they'd almost certainly beat
text: at a slower rate. Their veins might
dialog: be distended...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: EXT. CONVERTIBLE - CLOSE SHOT - (PROCESS - NIGHT)
dialog: San Francisco, with the Golden Gate Bridge and City
text: behind. A BOY driving, smooching a GIRL.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON'S VOICE
dialog: (Over car radio)
dialog: Their senses could be quite different
dialog: from ours, of course. They may, for
dialog: instance, be able to smell colors.
dialog: There is precedent in our own evolution
dialog: to make it possible that they have
dialog: more than one brain...
text: The boy reaches to cut off the radio - he wants
text: to smooch. The girl stops him. He is annoyed.
speaker_heading: KGEB REPORTER'S VOICE
dialog: You mean two? Three? More, maybe?
speaker_heading: CLAYTON'S VOICE
dialog: It's only speculation.
speaker_heading: KGEB REPORTER'S VOICE
dialog: Think of that, folks! Now, Doctor
dialog: Forrester - what about these meteor
dialog: machines?
speaker_heading: CLAYTON'S VOICE
dialog: They're probably controlled by jets
dialog: after they enter our atmosphere... And
text: navigated by some form of gyroscope
dialog: mechanism.
dialog: 90.
dialog: 91.
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. SIDEWALK LUNCH COUNTER, SAN DIEGO - (NIGHT)
text: CAMERA is CLOSE on a picture of a battleship, then
text: PULLS BACK revealing a poster: SAN DIEGO ARENA -
text: BOXING. The SHOT WIDENS to show local fishermen,
text: a couple of Navy sailors, a few girls - grouped by
text: a small portable radio on the counter.
speaker_heading: KGEB REPORTER'S VOICE
dialog: Is it true that all the phones went
dialog: out and everybody's watch stopped
dialog: around here?
speaker_heading: CLAYTON'S VOICE
dialog: That was, I imagine, the effect from
dialog: some electro-magnetic force in the
dialog: heat-ray they used.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: T-CROSSING - GROUP
text: The KGEB Reporter, Clayton, Prof. Ogilvy, Colonel
text: Heffner. Newspaper men have moved closer, listening.
scene_heading: KGEB. REPORTER
dialog: Can you tell us anything about this
dialog: plane that's coming over, Colonel?
speaker_heading: COLONEL HEFFNER
dialog: It'll drop a flare -- that's the only
dialog: way we dare put a light on them. Then
text: Air Force cameramen will get pictures.
speaker_heading: KGEB REPORTER
dialog: That was Marine Colonel Ralph Heffner...
dialog: (In a confidential tone)
dialog: There's been a lot of mysterious activity
text: around the machine. Lights and dust, as
text: if they are digging themselves out.
dialog: (Shimmering light
dialog: hits his face)
dialog: There it comes again!
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - EXT. GULLY - FULL SHOT
text: A shuddering, blue-green light shows in the distance,
text: tinting nearby hills.
speaker_heading: KGEB REPORTER'S VOICE
dialog: If this keeps up, it'll be a guide
text: for the plane when it comes over.
dialog: 93.
dialog: 94.
dialog: 95.
dialog: 96.
scene_heading: FLASHES - FOXHOLES & OBSERVATION POSTS
text: Groups dispersed under cover, relaxed but alert, all
text: watching the gully.
text: a. Two mortar teams in a dry riverbed.
dialog: b. Marine lieutenant and a sergeant with binocu-
text: lars, behind a low revetment.
text: c. Machine-gun unit in a foxhole.
text: d. Infantrymen, alert and watchful.
scene_heading: EXT. T-CROSSING - MED. SHOT - GROUP
text: KGEB Reporter f.g., Clayton, Colonel Heffner and
text: Sheriff just beyond him. Reporters and cameramen
text: line out along the road, waiting. The SOUND of
text: the plane OVERSCENE. Its motor cuts off and on
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: KGEB REPORTER
dialog: (In a sharp whisper)
dialog: Is that the plane now?
speaker_heading: COLONEL HEFFNER
dialog: (Looking up, quietly)
dialog: Yes! He's signalling.
speaker_heading: KGEB REPORTER
dialog: (Into mike)
text: The pilot has just blipped his motor.
text: That means he's dropped the flare.
dialog: He's flying high, and it'll take a
text: few seconds to come down. When it
dialog: does burst, we shall be the first men
dialog: on earth to get a real look at these
dialog: invaders from space - whoever they
dialog: are! And there's the flare!
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - EXT. GULLY - FULL SHOT
text: The flare throws a cone of high-visibility light.
text: The Martian meteor has been cleared of dirt, stripped
text: of its oxydized shell. It is an oblong cylinder.
text: from the center of it, the hooded shape on the flex-
dialog: ible shaft has been pushed high, like & guarding
dialog: sentinel.
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - EXT. GULLY - MED. CLOSE SHOT
dialog: 97.
dialog: 98.
dialog: 99.
text: The hooded shape rears back on its flexible shaft,
text: angling up. The snout glitters, begins to glow,
text: brilliant, reddish. Then the heat-ray SCREAMS as
text: it lashes up into the sky.
scene_heading: EXT. T-CROSSING - MED. SHOT - GROUP
text: Clayton, the KGEB reporter and other watching the
text: sky tensely. The reporter has stopped gabbing, his
text: microphone forgotten. The blue-white glare of the
text: flare, mingled with the reddish glow of the heat-
text: ray, alternate in flickers over SCENE.
speaker_heading: KGEB REPORTER
dialog: (Suddenly remembering mike)
text: They're after the plane with their rays!
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - EXT. SKY - FULL SHOT
text: The SCREAMING heat-ray lashes across the sky.
text: Writhing, seeking its target. It licks the flare
text: into oblivion, then whips downward toward the ears
text: and swings at us.
scene_heading: EXT. BLACK-TOP ROAD & T-CROSSING
text: Everybody dives for cover. The glare of the ray turns
text: everything fiery red.
scene_heading: EXT. FOOT OF EUCALYPTUS TREES - GROUP
text: The Colonel and the KGEB reporter flatten out to-
text: gether behind the low earth bank. Burning twigs
text: and leaves fall about them. Clayton cranes to look
text: out with the Colonel. The reporter yaks into his mike.
speaker_heading: KGEB REPORTER
dialog: Well, here we are in ---
text: (Pulls at charred end of
dialog: mike cable - looks out)
dialog: Hey! They cut me off. They got
dialog: my truck!
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: It looks like they're going to come
dialog: out of that gully pretty soon ...!
dialog: We'd better build a shelter and be
dialog: ready when they do.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: You're going to need plenty of
dialog: reinforcements.
dialog: 102.
dialog: 103.
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: We'll get ‘em.
dialog: (Calling off)
dialog: Lieutenant.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: QUICK CUTS & FLASHES - (NIGHT)
text: Troops and armament racing into the Linda Rosa
dialog: district: Trucks -- tanks -- weapons carriers --
text: half-tracks jeeps -- rocket launchers.
scene_heading: EXT. COMMAND POST REVETMENT - (NIGHT)
text: A huge truck loaded with troops thunders past CAMERA.
text: Its passing uncovers the hastily erected sandbag revet-
text: ment for the command post. Nearby is an ambulance, a
text: Red Cross canteen truck with two women in uniform
text: working, several jeeps waiting with motors running.
text: Two jeeps start away in different directions. A jeep
text: rolls into SCENE, laying wire.
speaker_heading: CLOSER ANGLE
text: Sylvia is at the rear corner of the revetment, holding
text: a tray of coffee mugs and doughnuts. She pauses to
text: watch more vehicles move past. She has changed out
text: of her dance frock into a tailored dress. She has a
text: Red Cross armband. CAMERA PICKS UP Clayton coming
text: from within the revetment inclosure.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: (Pausing beside Sylvia)
dialog: The troops are certainly moving in here!
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: Didn't you have something to do with
dialog: this? I know you sent word to the
dialog: Sixth Army Command!
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: (Taking coffee tray -
dialog: turning back with it)
dialog: I just told them the local situation.
text: Colonel Heffner's in full charge now.
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: (Pausing - looking around)
dialog: You never know where you're going to
dialog: wind up when you go to a square dance!
scene_heading: INT. COMMAND POST REVETMENT - (NIGHT)
text: An opening in the sandbag breastwork for observation
text: high in the forward end. Storm lanterns provide
text: light. A huge tarpaulin is stretched over the revet-
text: ment as a roof and pulled down to cover the opening,
text: which overlooks the Martians in the gully beyond.
text: A field telephone switchboard and field telegraph
text: have been set up. On some boxes is an enlarged con-
text: tour map of the immediate territory, showing Linda
dialog: Rosa, surrounding roads, the site of the Martian
text: pit. A LIEUTENANT and a sergeant work on this map,
text: placing units as they report in position. A CAPTAIN
text: is on the phone.
dialog: constantly pass messages.
dialog: telegraph key. All are in
dialog: atmosphere is alive,
dialog: action of dispatch bearers
dialog: tense.
dialog: Communications men at other phones
text: A sergeant operates a
text: full battle dress. The
dialog: There is constant b.g.
text: coming and going.
text: As Sylvia and Clayton come the Colonel is brief-
text: ing officers at the map.
dialog: in,
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: Locate your observation post on this
dialog: hill. Position your recoilless 75's
dialog: back here - Caroon Canyon.
dialog: (To another officer)
dialog: I want your battery here. You may
dialog: find at daylight that you're too
dialog: exposed -- so keep your prime movers
dialog: ready to pull you out fast.
dialog: (Smiling)
dialog: But you'll get first crack at ‘em.
speaker_heading: A CAPTAIN
dialog: That'll suit me! That all, sir?
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: Yes.
dialog: (As the lieutenant
dialog: hands a phone)
dialog: Report when you're set up.
text: Sylvia passes around coffee and doughnuts. Clayton
text: takes two mugs, bringing one across to the Colonel.
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: (At phone)
dialog: Half-tracks?...Okay. Get in back
dialog: of hill Thuh-ree. Follow up from
dialog: there if it's a moving target...
dialog: Roger!
text: He takes coffee from Clayton with one hand and a
text: Signal Corps message with the other.
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: 105.
dialog: 106.
dialog: (To Clayton)
dialog: They've located that second meteor.
dialog: (Passing message to
dialog: Lieutenant)
dialog: Mark it up.
speaker_heading: BY THE MAP
text: As Pastor Collins comes in, wearing a Civil Defense
text: armband. The Sheriff follows, pausing to reach for
text: doughnuts and coffee. The lieutenant marks another
text: Martian pit about five miles west, toward Whittier.
text: He draws a line linking it with the Martians in the
dialog: gully.
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: (To Clayton, pointing
dialog: to map)
dialog: There's one - there's the other,
dialog: and we're right between them!
speaker_heading: PASTOR COLLINS
dialog: (Moving in)
dialog: So is the town, I notice!
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: I warned you Civil Defense people
dialog: to be ready if you have to evacuate.
speaker_heading: PASTOR COLLINS
dialog: I just came to tell you - everyone
text: has been alerted.
text: The Colonel's glance is caught by something o.s. He
text: stiffens to attention.
speaker_heading: GENERAL MANN'S VOICE (o.s.)
dialog: As you were...
scene_heading: INT. REVETMENT
text: SHOOTING toward the rear as GENERAL MANN comes in --
text: fiftyish, clipped mustache, wearing neat khaki.
text: Carries field glasses. His aide, a young MAJOR,
text: follows him.
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: (Moving to meet him)
dialog: General Mann -- I was told to expect
dialog: you, sir. I'm Colonel Heffner.
speaker_heading: GENERAL MANN
dialog: (Smiling briefly)
dialog: I'm here to make up a report, not to
dialog: interfere with the operations you've
dialog: 107.
dialog: set up. You're still in command.
dialog: (Suddenly - warmly)
dialog: Clayton Forrester!
dialog: (Shaking hands)
dialog: I haven't seen you since Oak Ridge.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Good to see you, General.
dialog: (Introducing)
dialog: This is Pastor Collins, director of
dialog: Civil Defense. Sheriff Bogany, head
dialog: of the local forces ... Miss Van Buren.
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: Would you like some coffee, General?
speaker_heading: GENERAL MANN
dialog: Thank you.
text: She starts out as his aide hands him some messages.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: (To Pastor)
dialog: General Mann's in charge of Intel-
dialog: ligence for the Pacific area.
scene_heading: GROUP - BY THE MAP
text: Favoring General Mann as he turns to scan the map,
text: continuing to glance at the messages. The lieutenant
text: is marking up more positions.
speaker_heading: GENERAL MANN
dialog: That's their position?
dialog: (Grimly amused)
dialog: You've certainly got them surrounded.
dialog: (And then)
dialog: I suppose they've neutralized all
dialog: communications here.
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: Not all. Radio is out. But our field
dialog: phones are okay so far.
speaker_heading: GENERAL MANN
dialog: And they'll go out the minute there's
dialog: another ray.
dialog: (Reading)
dialog: A cylinder reported down by Huntington
dialog: Beach. That's a job for the Navy.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Do you have any news from abroad?
text: CAMERA ANGLES to favor him as he glances at messages,
text: sorting them, handing some to his aide.
speaker_heading: GENERAL MANN (Cont'd)
dialog: They're coming down all over. South
dialog: America - Santiago has two cylinders.
dialog: They're outside London. And they're
dialog: in Naples.
dialog: (Going on)
dialog: We've got them between here and Fesno.
text: Outside Sacramento. Two on Long
dialog: Island...
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Are they just coming down at random?
speaker_heading: GENERAL MANN
dialog: No, they're working to some kind
dialog: of a plan.
dialog: (After a moment)
dialog: But here's the most dangerous thing...
dialog: Once they begin to move -- no more
dialog: news comes out of that area!
scene_heading: INT. REVETMENT
text: SHOOTING past the General. Everyone is listening,
text: fascinated. The communications men have stopped
text: work. The morse key keeps repeating a call.
speaker_heading: GENERAL MANN
dialog: We've been getting reports of destruction,
dialog: massacre ... Here's an instance!
dialog: (reading a message)
dialog: "Town of St. Julien, south of Bordeaux,
text: wiped out by ray of undetermined nature.
dialog: Local reports say nothing remains.'
dialog: (Looks around)
dialog: Nothing remains! What d'you make of that?
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: We'll have to see what they do
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: GENERAL MANN
dialog: A lot of our newest weapons are in
dialog: here. Washington wants to be sure
dialog: we stop them.
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: (Confident - smiling)
dialog: We will, sir!
speaker_heading: GENERAL MANN
dialog: From the data - and from that picture
dialog: the Air Force took earlier tonight
dialog: (Thumbing toward the gully)
dialog: what we've got in the gully out
dialog: 
text: there is a guide ship. One lands
text: Others follow later.
dialog: (To Clayton)
text: They appear to clear an area, then
dialog: drop in groups of threes, joined
dialog: magnetically. Is that possible?
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: (Weyly)
dialog: If they do it, it is.
text: Sylvia brings coffee. The General takes it
dialog: automatically.
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: My orders are not to go into action
dialog: unless they make a move out of there.
speaker_heading: GENERAL MANN
dialog: That's because we want a chance to
dialog: observe them.
dialog: (Gesturing to gully)
dialog: This is the only place we've had time
dialog: to surround them with sufficient force
dialog: to contain them. What happens here
dialog: will be a guide to all other operations.
text: The minute action begins and a pattern
dialog: of defense develops, I'll get my report
dialog: to Washington.
dialog: (Glances at map)
dialog: You've deployed your forces well.
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: Thank you, sir. If they start anything,
dialog: we can blast them right off the earth!
speaker_heading: GENERAL MANN
dialog: (Checks watch, sips coffee)
dialog: They'll probably move at dawn.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - HIGH CAMERA - LONG SHOT - GULLY - DAWN
text: Silence. No movement anywhere. We see the burned
text: grass and blackened earth. The little gray ash-heaps
text: are still there. In the gully are dim, shining shapes.
text: Beyond the hills the sky is lightening. As the sun
text: comes up, one of the shining shapes begins to rise.
text: There is a SOUND of CRACKLING, HIGH-FREQUENCY ELECTRIC
text: SPARKS.
scene_heading: EXT. OBSERVATION POST
text: CAMERA is on an infantry lieutenant and a sergeant.
dialog: 113.
dialog: 114.
dialog: 115.
text: Their foxhole is camouflaged with burned grass and
dialog: bushes.
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: (At field phone)
dialog: There's something moving in the
dialog: gully -- something's coming out!
scene_heading: FLASHES - TROOPS ALERTING
text: Men have been resting, dozing, waiting for dawn. A
text: signal reaches them.
text: a. Recoilless 75 men running to positions.
text: b. Crew racing to half-track rocket-launcher.
text: c. Machine-gunners readying for action.
text: da. Bazooka team alerting.
scene_heading: INT. REVETMENT
text: Lamps and candles being hurriedly extinguished. The
text: tarpaulin is yanked from the observation opening.
text: Everyone cranes to get a glimpse of the gully.
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - GULLY - (DAWN)
text: Burned-over ground runs straight to the gully, with
text: blackened scrub trees and bushes at either side.
text: Something is visible in the gully. Shining. Moving.
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - EXT. GULLY - MED. SHOT
text: Now, for the first time, we see a Martian machine
text: clearly. A metal shape is rising. The SOUND of high-
text: frequency sparks increases. It is a built-up section
text: of the cylinder. Domed in the center. Three vibrant
text: beams are projected like rods from below - stiff, joint-
text: less, incandescent. Effortlessly, the body of the
text: machine rises on the pulsating beams to a height of
text: thirty feet in the air, and hovers motionless. Then a
text: hooded shape extends above the body on a flexible shaft.
scene_heading: INT. REVETMENT
text: Favoring Clayton, Pastor Collins, General Mann and the
text: Colonel. All crowded to the opening in the sandbags.
text: The General and the Colonel use field glasses.
speaker_heading: GENERAL MANN
dialog: (Softly - handing his
dialog: glasses to Clayton)
dialog: Look at it, will you?
speaker_heading: PASTOR COLLINS
dialog: (Awed - half to himself)
dialog: Beings from another world
text: The Colonel signs to the Captain, who backs to the
text: field telephone switchboard.
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: (Quietly)
dialog: Stand by to fire.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: (Into phone -
dialog: repeating)
text: All command posts stand by to fire.
speaker_heading: PASTOR COLLINS
dialog: (Suddenly realizing -
dialog: protesting)
dialog: Colonel - shooting's no good!
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: It's always been a good persuader.
speaker_heading: PASTOR COLLINS
dialog: Couldn't you try to communicate
dialog: with them first - and shoot later
dialog: if you have to?
text: The Colonel glances, then ignores him, using his
text: glasses. The uniformed men are all tense, watching
text: the gully, waiting for the order. Clayton is gazing
text: out with the Sheriff. Pastor Collins moves uncertainly
text: toward the open rear of the revetment. Sylvia sees
text: him, starts after him.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN'S VOICE (0.s.)
dialog: All command posts - target as indicated.
scene_heading: 116. EXT. REVETMENT
text: Pastor Collins comes out, stands staring toward the
text: gully. Sylvia joins him. Behind them we glimpse
text: the tension of the men inside.
speaker_heading: PASTOR COLLINS
dialog: (Looking o.s.)
dialog: I think we should try to make them
dialog: understand we mean them no harm.
text: Sylvia looks at him, not sure of what he means.
dialog: 117.
speaker_heading: COLONEL'S VOICE (0.s.)
dialog: (Quietly - from inside)
text: There's another machine coming out.
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - EXT. GULLY
text: The Martian machines. The first machine is now
text: catching the early sunbeams. Turning golden, glis-
text: tening. In the shadows another machine is rising
text: from the gully. It, also, is armed with a hooded
dialog: shape.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - SYLVIA AND PASTOR COLLINS
text: Both gazing toward the gully.
speaker_heading: PASTOR COLLINS
dialog: (Meditative)
text: They are living creatures out there.
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: But they're not human! Dr. Forrester
dialog: says they're some kind of an advanced
dialog: civilization --
speaker_heading: PASTOR COLLINS
dialog: (Cutting in, smiling)
dialog: If they're more advanced than us,
dialog: they should be nearer the Creator
dialog: for that reason!
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN'S VOICE
dialog: (Tensely, from inside)
dialog: Attention all batteries! Prepare
dialog: for volley fire! Repeat --
dialog: prepare for volley fire!
speaker_heading: PASTOR COLLINS
dialog: (Meditative again)
dialog: No real attempt has been made to
dialog: communicate with them, you know...
text: Sylvia looks at him uneasily. She takes his arm.
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: Let's go back inside, Uncle Matthew.
speaker_heading: PASTOR COLLINS
dialog: (Shakes head, smiling)
dialog: I've done about all I can do here.
dialog: You go back in.
dialog: (Low - turning her
dialog: toward the inside)
dialog: Sylvia - I like that Doctor Forrester.
dialog: (Hand to her cheek)
dialog: 119.
dialog: 120.
dialog: 121.
dialog: 124.
dialog: 125.
dialog: 126.
dialog: He's a good man.
text: Sylvia presses his hand, smiling. As she leaves him,
text: the CAMERA PANS with her, losing Pastor Collins
dialog: momentarily.
scene_heading: HEAD CLOSEUP - PASTOR COLLINS
text: Looking in the direction of the gully, thoughtful.
scene_heading: FLASHES - PREPARATIONS FOR FIRING
text: a. Grouped bazookas bearing on the target.
text: b. Tanks waiting orders, at the ready.
text: c. Rocket launcher, loaded and ready.
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - EXT. GULLY
text: The Martian machine in f.g. is motionless. The second
text: one has paused half out of the gully. Its hooded arm
text: swings around on its shaft, as if under test.
scene_heading: EXTREME HEAD CLOSEUP - PASTOR COLLINS
text: Eyes serene. Smiles a little. Moves forward.
scene_heading: INT. REVETMENT
text: No sound except the telegraph key repeating a signal
text: over and over. No movement save for Sylvia, f.g.,
text: refilling coffee cups. General Mann, the Colonel,
text: Clayton and the Sheriff crouched by the opening.
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: (Suddenly)
dialog: Who's that?!
scene_heading: FLASH CLOSEUP - GROUP AT WINDOW
text: They stare out, disbelieving.
scene_heading: FLASH CLOSEUP - SYLVIA
text: She whirls, starts toward the opening.
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - INT. REVETMENT & VISTA
text: SHOOTING over the group at the opening to the VISTA
text: outside the revetment. In b.g. Pastor Collins is
text: walking away from the revetment, a solitary figure
text: moving over the burned-off earth. The Martian machines
text: beyond him are motionless, as if awaiting him.
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: (Choked voice)
dialog: What's he think he's doing?
scene_heading: 127. CLOSE SHOT - CROSS ANGLE - FEATURING SYLVIA
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: (Calling)
dialog: Uncle!
dialog: (Half screaming)
dialog: Uncle Matthew! !
text: She whirls to go after him. General Mann catches her
dialog: arm.
speaker_heading: GENERAL MANN
text: Too late now -- he's too far away.
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: (Lunges - appealing)
dialog: Stop him!
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: (Holding her - looking out)
dialog: It's seen him.
scene_heading: 128. SPECIAL EFFECT - MARTIAN MACHINE
text: It begins slowly to sink down as its glittering beam-
text: legs pulsate and grow shorter.
scene_heading: 129. MOVING SHOT - EXT. BURNED-OFF FIELD
text: Pastor Collins brings out a cross, gazing ahead,
text: reciting the Twenty-third Psalm.
speaker_heading: PASTOR COLLINS
dialog: (Softly)
dialog: Though I walk through the valley
dialog: of the shadow of death, I will fear
dialog: no evil
scene_heading: 130. SPECIAL EFFECT - EXT. GULLY
text: SHOOTING past the first Martian machine, still sinking
text: down. The second machine has risen higher in the gully.
dialog: 131.
dialog: 132.
dialog: 133.
dialog: 135.
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT - EXT. BURNED-OFF FIELD
text: CLOSE on Pastor Collins, walking past more debris.
speaker_heading: PASTOR COLLINS
dialog: (Whispering)
dialog: Thou anointest my head with oil.
dialog: My cup runneth over
scene_heading: INT. REVETMENT - GROUP
text: Featuring Sylvia and Clayton. All are crowded to the
text: opening. Sylvia is petrified with horror.
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT - EXT. BURNED-OFF FIELD - HEAD CLOSEUP
text: Pastor Collins moves ahead, eyes fixed on the machines.
dialog: He won't permit himself to be afraid.
speaker_heading: PASTOR COLLINS
dialog: And I will dwell ... in the house
dialog: of the Lord .. forever.
text: He lifts the cross to shoulder height as CAMERA HOLDS
text: and PANS him on.
speaker_heading: PASTOR COLLINS (Cont'd)
dialog: Amen.
dialog: (Murmuring)
dialog: May the grace of the Father and of
dialog: the Son
text: Beyond him we now see the Martian machine.
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - EXT. GULLY
text: Favoring the first machine, filling the SCREEN. Squat-
text: ting on its incandescent beam-legs, the hooded shaft
text: tilted forward. There is a moment -- then a magenta-
text: tinted heat-ray SCREAMS from it.
scene_heading: INT. REVETMENT - EXTREME HEAD CLOSEUP - SYLVIA
text: She SCREAMS, but her voice is drowned in the unearthly
text: SOUND of the Martian machine. We know, without seeing,
dialog: what has happened to the Pastor.
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - EXT. GULLY
text: VIEWPOINT from the command post revetment. The first
text: machine rises swiftly to full height, gliding forward.
dialog: 141.
dialog: 142.
text: The second clears the gully. The top of a third
text: machine appears.
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - EXT. GULLY & ROAD
text: The base of the Martian machine's locomotor beam-leg.
text: Featuring, in f.g., the Pastor's cross, partly melted.
text: The glittering foot of the beam moves into SCENE,
text: leaving behind it molten rock and smoke. As it passes,
text: the intense heat it gives off acts like a blowtorch on
dialog: the terrain.
scene_heading: INT. REVETMENT - MED. CLOSE SHOT
text: SHOOTING from outside the observation opening. Sylvia
text: is CLOSE in f.g., horrified, unbelieving, supported by
text: Clayton. The Colonel whirls toward the switchboard.
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: Let 'em have it!
scene_heading: EXT. HILLSIDE - TANKS
text: The big guns of the tanks slam shells toward the gully.
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - MARTIAN MACHINE & SHELL BURSTS
text: Shells burst close to the Martian machine. Instantly
text: a beam -- different from the heat-ray -- strikes out
text: with a vicious, high-pitched DRUMMING SOUND. The beam
text: is electric-blue with a greenish tinge. Edges soft,
text: powdery. Fast, projectile-like discharges race down
text: its core, like a succession of balls, a deeper blue-
text: green. Beam and impulses are transparent.
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - EXT. HILLSIDE - TANK
text: The beam hits a tank. The tank changes color instan-
text: taneously. It turns bone yellow, then thins into an
text: oyster-white skeleton shape that is an echo of death
text: itself. The beam cuts off and the tank dissolves into
text: fine dust, the color of the beam, and blows away on
text: the breeze. Making pallid streamers in the early
text: morning light.
scene_heading: GROUP - AT OPENING
text: SHOOTING IN on the men - staring, transfixed. The
text: General lowers his glasses, looks at Clayton in stupe-
text: faction, then uses the glasses again.
dialog: 143.
dialog: 144.
scene_heading: QUICK CUTS - INSERTS OF MUZZLES - AS WEAPONS FIRE
text: CLOSE on the muzzles. Individual SOUND blasting.
text: a. Rocket-launcher muzzles as rockets fly.
text: b. Machine-gun muzzles shuddering.
text: c. Anti-tank gun muzzles explode and recoil.
scene_heading: QUICK CUTS & FLASHES - BATTLE (1)
text: The initial phase between man's weapons and the Martian
text: machines. The first Martian is out of the gully on the
text: burned-off field. The second is just clear of the
text: gully. The third has started to follow.
dialog: a. Special Effect - Full Shot - Gully. Increasing
text: shell and rocket fire bursting viciously about
text: the Martians. Short, blue jets are flashing
text: out around the turret heads of the machines.
text: These merge to form an impalpable, electro-
text: magnetic envelope which drops all around to
dialog: the ground.
dialog: b. Special Effect - Close Shot - First Machine.
text: Rays SCREAM from it, lashing in every direction.
text: c. Recoilless 75's - Close Shot. Muzzles Flash.
dialog: d. Rocket-launcher - Close Shot. In rapid suc-
text: cession, rockets roar toward the Martians.
text: e. Tank - Med. Shot. It's gun bucks violently
text: slamming an armor-piercing shell at the Mar-
dialog: tians.
dialog: f. Machine-gun Nest - Close Shot. 50 cal. machine-
text: gun chatters furiously, spitting a stream of
text: tracer shells.
text: g. Bazookas - Close Shot. In a sharp volley, a
text: group of bazookas let go with HE charges.
text: h. Mortars - Close Shot. In rapid succession,
text: Marines drop Napalm charges into the big muz-
text: zles of the mortars. Instantly the charges
text: fly high in the air in the direction of the
dialog: enemy.
dialog: in Special Effect - Martian Machines. Projectiles
text: burst against their almost invisible protective
text: envelopes. Others ricochet off, exploding harm-
text: lessly in the air beyond. Napalm charges burst
text: around them, obscuring the machines in huge
dialog: 144-A,
dialog: 145.
text: balls of searing, orange fire and black smoke.
dialog: i. Special Effect - First Machine - Close Shot.
text: The flame of the Napalm clears. The machine is
text: undamaged. Rays slash from it, SCREAMING.
dialog: k. Special Effect - Second & Third Machines - Close
text: Shot. Flames and smoke clear. They lash rays
text: in every direction.
dialog: 1. Special Effect - Rocket-launcher - Close Shot.
text: Hit by a heat-ray. The launcher and crew glow
text: white hot. Become a pile of ashes.
dialog: m. Special Effect - First Machine - Close Shot.
text: DRUMMING horribly, the blue-green disintegrating
text: beam darts forth.
scene_heading: n. Special Effect - Mortars - Med. Close Shot.
text: Hit by the skeletonizing beam. They literally
text: disintegrate - cease to exist. Men and machines
text: become a vapor of blue-green dust.
scene_heading: INT. REVETMENT - GROUP
text: Clayton, Sylvia and others duck below the shelter of
text: the sandbags as a heat-ray HOWLS close past the com-
text: mand post. CAMERA MOVES IN on Clayton and General
text: Mann, shouting above the uproar.
speaker_heading: GENERAL MANN
dialog: (Fast, looking out)
dialog: What's that skeleton beam they're
dialog: using?
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: It must neutralize mesons somehow.
dialog: They're the atomic glue that holds
dialog: matter together.
dialog: (Grimly)
text: Cut across their lines of magnetic
dialog: force and any object will simply
dialog: cease to exist.
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - FLASH CUTS - BATTLE (2)
text: The destruction of man's weapons by the Martians, and
text: the beginning of man's retreat.
dialog: a. Special Effect - Ext. Gully & Command Post
text: Revetment - Full Shot. A COMPOSITE SHOT of the
text: entire battle. One Martian machine on a hill
text: slope. The two others below. Rays and beams
text: lashing out. Shells and rockets and Napalm
text: exploding about them. Tanks scuttling about.
dialog: 146.
dialog: 147.
dialog: 148.
text: Rays hit them. Machine-gunners and troops
text: abandon their stations, leaving their weapons.
text: Half-tracks, trucks, weapons-carriers, jeeps
text: pull out. Pandemonium.
dialog: b. Special Effect - Martian Machines - Med. Shot.
text: smoke and fire clearing. Explosions about
text: them diminish. They redouble the activity of
text: their rays and beams.
dialog: c. Special Effect - Battlefield - Med. Full Shot.
text: Gray ash on a blackened road - the residue of
text: tanks. Men, jeeps, equipment flee past, es-
text: caping. Rays and beams reach after them.
scene_heading: d. Ext. Hillside - Med. Close Shot. Infantrymen
text: crash through burning bushes in headlong re-
text: treat, looking back in panic.
dialog: e. Special Effect - Martian Machine - Close Shot.
text: On skyline. Moving forward. Rays SCREAMING,
text: beams DRUMMING. No counter fire from our
dialog: forces.
scene_heading: EXT. REVETMENT - MED FULL SHOT
text: Parked jeeps, General Mann's car, a few Marines, the
text: Red Cross truck. The heat-ray slashes through them,
text: hits the revetment and swings away. Men fall in
text: ashes, jeeps glow and burn, the Red Cross truck and
text: General Mann's car are singed and blazing. The huge
text: tarp stretched over the revetment blazes.
scene_heading: INT. REVETMENT - MED. FULL SHOT
text: The inclosure is a madhouse - men trying to extinguish
text: burning switchboards - the lieutenant gathering up the
text: scorched maps - the captain shouting uselessly into
text: the field phone - Clayton up by the opening using the
text: field glasses, Sylvia and the Sheriff crouched near
text: him. General Mann and his aide rush out.
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: (At the opening)
dialog: There's a Martian machine headed
dialog: straight for us!
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: (Shouting to Captain)
dialog: Order all command posts - everything
dialog: pull back north of Highway Sixty
dialog: tunnel bunker!
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - MARTIAN MACHINE - MED. CLOSE SHOT
text: Moving along the burned-off swathe from the gully,
text: rays slashing.
scene_heading: 149. INT. REVETMENT - MED. SHOT
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: (At observation
dialog: opening - yelling)
dialog: They're going to roll right through
dialog: here. Sheriff - get into Linda Rosa.
dialog: Tell Civil Defense - evacuate everybody!
text: Clayton, at the opening, watches the approaching
text: machines, absorbed by them. A heat-ray slashes near,
text: casting its ruddy glare. Shreds of the burning tar-
text: paulin fall. Sylvia grabs him, pulling him down.
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: Doctor Forrester - get out of here!
text: He literally jerks Clayton and Sylvia to their feet,
text: shoving them toward the rear.
speaker_heading: COLONEL (Cont'd)
dialog: Everybody out! The Air Force'll
dialog: take care of these babies now!
dialog: (Runs toward CAMERA)
dialog: Everybody out --- Everybody ----
text: He is in EXTREME CLOSEUP, shouting. The red heat-ray
text: seems to envelope him in a blaze of color, SCREAMING.
text: Suddenly the SCREEN explodes into deadly blue-green -
text: the disintegrating beam! The Colonel's shout is frozen
text: on his lips. The skeletal structure of his head glows
text: incandescent -- greenish-white -- through the flesh
text: of his face. In an instant he vanishes into a shred
text: of blue-green vapor which swirls and is lost in the
text: ruddy flames of the ray.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: 150. EXT. SKY - FULL SHOT - (STOCK)
text: A huge formation of fighter bombers flashes across
text: the sky, the chorus of their jets pulsating like
dialog: thunder.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: 151. EXT. ROAD - MED. SHOT
text: A weapons carrier clatters past at breakneck speed.
text: Men from mixed units jump from behind scrub trees,
dialog: 152.
dialog: 153.
dialog: 154.
dialog: 155.
text: running. A crowded jeep flashes past as Clayton and
text: Sylvia appear. The two run after the men. Clayton
text: pulls her to a stop, looks o.s., then runs across
text: the road with her.
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD - MED. SHOT
text: A Piper Cub - battery observation plane - is just
text: taking off. Another is on the ground, no one near it.
text: Clayton and Sylvia enter, running. Beyond one wing
text: of the machine we see smoke, explosions and rays and
text: beams ripping against the sky.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: We can't go into town - everybody's
dialog: getting out of there!
dialog: (Steering her toward plane)
dialog: I'll fly you over to Pasadena.
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: Can you handle one of these?
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Sure...get in!
text: He shoves Sylvia up into the plane and climbs in at
dialog: the wheel.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: EXT. SKY - MED. SHOT
text: The Piper Cub in flight, hedge-hopping.
scene_heading: INT. PIPER CUT - CLOSE SHOT (PROCESS)
text: SHOOTING PAST Clayton to Sylvia. The tops of utility
text: poles and trees skim past, almost at their level.
text: The plane wobbles. Clayton is unconcerned.
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: (Hanging on)
dialog: You'll hit something! Can't
dialog: you go higher?
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: (Looking up)
dialog: No. The air's going to be full of
dialog: Jets in a minute...And there they
dialog: are!
scene_heading: EXT. SKY - QUICK CUTS OF JETS - (STOCK)
dialog: 157.
dialog: 158.
dialog: 159.
dialog: 160.
dialog: 161.
dialog: 162.
text: Jet fighter-bombers in formation, colorful against the
text: sky, peeling off to dive.
scene_heading: INT. PIPER CUB - CLOSE SHOT - (PROCESS)
text: Clayton looking o.s. as he banks sharply. Sylvia
text: looking after him.
scene_heading: EXT. SKY - QUICK CLOSE SHOT (STOCK)
text: Jet fighter-bombers diving, firing, launching rockets,
text: dropping bombs. SOUNDS of explosions.
scene_heading: EXT. SKY - MED. CLOSE SHOT
text: The piper cub porpoising over the treetops, banking
dialog: and turning.
scene_heading: QUICK CUTS - WRECK OF PIPER CUB
dialog: a. Int. Piper Cub - Close Shot (Process) .
text: Clayton looking up. Sylvia turns and
text: looks ahead, SCREAMS.
dialog: b. Special Effect - Piper Cub - Full Shot.
text: SHOOTING AHEAD. It rises over a low
text: hilltop - flying directly toward a
text: Martian machine on the flat fields
dialog: beyond. Plane banks sharply to change
dialog: course.
dialog: c. Special Effect - Piper Cub - Med. Shot.
text: The wing snags a tree. The plane cart-
text: wheels toward the ground.
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - EXT. BEAN FIELD - MED. SHOT
text: The Cub lands on one wheel, bounces, goes into a
text: ground loop, a slashing skid and stops, tilted on
text: a torn wing. Propeller shattered.
scene_heading: EXT. BEANFIELD - CLOSE SHOT - (MOVING SHOT)
text: Clayton half-falls out of the wrecked plane, looking
text: o.s., as he helps Sylvia. She looks with him, gasps.
text: They run and dive into an irrigation ditch, CAMERA
text: FOLLOWING.
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - EXT BEANFIELD & DITCH - FULL SHOT
dialog: 163.
dialog: 163a.
dialog: 164.
text: SHOOTING over the torn wing of the Piper Cup among the
text: tangled bean plants. Across the field is a low, wooded
text: hill. Coming into sight at the foot of the hill is the
text: Martian machine, its cobra-like weapon turning on its
text: shaft, swinging toward the plane.
scene_heading: EXT. DITCH - CLOSE SHOT - CLAYTON & SYLVIA
text: Ducked low, taut, terrified. He sneaks a look over
text: the edge, then flings himself down with Sylvia again.
text: There is the SOUND of the horrible DRUMMING of the
text: disintegrating beam, which quickly flickers out, mark-
text: ing the destruction of the Piper Cub. Their faces are
text: lit blue-green. Then, down into the ditch, the eerie
text: vapor of unglued atom flows, incandescent, swirling
text: in the breeze.
text: Clayton and Sylvia begin to stir. The CRACKLING of
text: HIGH FREQUENCY ELECTRICITY from the machine's loco-
text: motor mechanism grows louder - it's coming for them!
text: Clayton grabs Sylvia, half-dragging, half-carrying
text: her back along the ditch. He pushes her behind a
text: pile of broken irrigation pipe, falls across her.
text: The CRACKLING swells to a ROAR of SPARKS. Where they
text: had just lain, the glittering, flickering base of a
text: beam-leg dips down into the ditch, moves across and
text: up the other bank, leaving a smoking path of fused
text: rock and debris.
scene_heading: EXTREME CLOSEUP - CLAYTON & SYLVIA
text: Smoke swirling about them. Heads thrust into the
text: dirt. Frozen with terror. Faces crushed together.
text: The machine's ROAR diminishes. They begin to breathe
text: again. The tension of Clayton's grip on Sylvia's
text: shoulders lessens. The suspended functions of her
text: mind resume. Her eyes turn to him. He looks at her.
text: Shock overwhelms her. She faints.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. DOWNTOWN STREET, LOS ANGELES - (DAY)
text: CAMERA is on a CORNER NEWSSTAND. Tip-sheets and
text: papers are clipped around the front, sides and to a
text: wire between uprights. Headlines: MEN FROM MARS -
scene_heading: Europe Cities Blasted - KILLER RAYS; MARS MACHINES
scene_heading: IN CALIFORNIA - Fighting Near L.A. - U.S. INVADED -
text: MARTIAN THREAT. A little crowd on the sidewalk
text: reads papers avidly. Cars stop at the curb to buy
text: others. An elderly woman sits behind the newsstand,
text: knitting, hawking her sensations.
dialog: 165.
dialog: 167.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - ELDERLY WOMAN
speaker_heading: ELDERLY WOMAN
dialog: (Thin - piping)
dialog: All about the Martian Invasion - They're
dialog: in New York and Miami - Fighting outside
dialog: Los Angeles - All about it! - Radio black-
dialog: out - Killers from Mars - World-wide
dialog: Crisis - United States invaded - all
dialog: about the Martians!
dialog: (Sells a paper)
dialog: Thank you, mister.
text: The SOUND of approaching sirens comes over SCENE.
dialog: She and her customers look o.s.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - (Location)
text: Traffic is slowing, stopping. The SOUND of massed
text: sirens comes to a peak. Two motorcycle cops race
text: past, blinkers working. Four more follow. Then
text: comes General Mann's dirty, fire-blackened car.
text: CAMERA PANS the car, going fast, then ANGLES UP
text: the front of the stately Federal Building.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT - INT. ARMED FORCES INFORMATION, MAIN
speaker_heading: OFFICE - (DAY)
text: Five desks. Walls covered with maps and thumb-tacked
text: notices. The doors of three private offices across
text: from the entrance. The place is crowded with Army,
dialog: Navy, Marine and Air Force personnel, police of-
text: ficials, CD directors, reporters, photographers. Two
text: cops shoulder in from the corridor by a door marked:
scene_heading: ARMED FORCES - Public Information Office - Entrance.
text: General Mann follows with his aide. Reporters and
text: cameramen crowd around the unshaven, grimy General,
text: impeding him on his way toward a private office out-
text: side which sits a WAC secretary. Naval and military
text: men come to attention, then press toward him. The
text: General looks past them all, calling to CD directors
dialog: and civic authorities.
speaker_heading: GENERAL MANN
dialog: (Beckoning)
dialog: You're the gentlemen I asked to
dialog: come here.
dialog: (To his aide)
dialog: Get Washington.
text: The aide pushes ahead while flashbulbs blink and repor-
text: ters surround the General. He keeps moving. A FAT
text: REPORTER - thin-nosed, sweating - tries to buttonhole
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: FAT REPORTER
dialog: General Mann, what d'you think of
dialog: this situation --
speaker_heading: GENERAL MANN
dialog: Sorry. I've no time!
speaker_heading: FAT REPORTER
dialog: (Wily, fast)
dialog: Is it your opinion the Army can
dialog: hold ‘em?
speaker_heading: POLICE CHIEF
dialog: (Moving in, sharp)
dialog: All right, boys - let it go!
speaker_heading: SECOND REPORTER
dialog: (Jumping in, over him)
dialog: You had guns and equipment going out
dialog: there all night! Weren't they enough to --
speaker_heading: GENERAL MANN
dialog: (Tired, exasperated)
dialog: I said I've no time!
speaker_heading: POLICE CHIEF
dialog: C'mon, now - break it up!
text: During this, General Mann has pushed to the door of
text: the private office. With a concerted effort, the
text: General and the civic officials push inside. The
text: door closes. A big Marine bars further entry. CAMERA
text: HOLDS on the reporters and photographers.
speaker_heading: FAT REPORTER
dialog: The way he's hedging, maybe the
dialog: Army didn't hold ‘em!
dialog: (Significant)
dialog: Because from the news that's coming
dialog: through, nobody's stopped ‘em yet!
dialog: (Looking toward door)
dialog: We'll wait.
scene_heading: INT. PRIVATE OFFICE
dialog: It belongs to the Chief of Army Information. General
text: Mann's aide is talking into a phone in b.g. The
text: General faces the civilian group which includes police
dialog: and fire chiefs, Pacific Electric and other trans-
text: portation officials, Air Raid wardens, Red Cross.
speaker_heading: GENERAL MANN
dialog: Who's the General Director for
dialog: Civil Defense?
speaker_heading: C.D. DIRECTOR
dialog: Here, sir. We're all ready for action!
speaker_heading: GENERAL MANN
dialog: I want to know if the city must be
dialog: evacuated...?
speaker_heading: C.D. DIRECTOR
dialog: (Smiling)
dialog: Lots of people got scared and moved
dialog: out as it is!
scene_heading: P.E. OFFICIAL
dialog: We're holding emergency cars and
dialog: buses ready in the yard, sir!
speaker_heading: RED CROSS LEADER
text: Red Cross is standing by.
speaker_heading: C.D. DIRECTOR
dialog: I believe, sir, I can speak for
dialog: everyone. We've got the whole
dialog: city on the ready!
speaker_heading: GENERAL MANN
dialog: That's what I wanted! For your in-
dialog: formation - they're twenty-five or
text: thirty miles outside Los Angeles.
dialog: They're not down in force yet, but
dialog: that can happen any minute. We've
dialog: got a developing situation. It'll
dialog: come to a crisis if they move into
dialog: the metropolitan area and --
speaker_heading: AIDE
dialog: (Cutting in, quick)
dialog: Washington on the wire, sir.
speaker_heading: GENERAL MANN
dialog: (Taking phone, turning away)
dialog: General Mann...
scene_heading: 169. CLOSE ON GENERAL MANN
text: listening at phone, keyed-up.
speaker_heading: GENERAL MAN
text: (After a pause, low, fast)
dialog: I'd say our effective losses were
dialog: nearly sixty percent men and ninety
dialog: percent materiel!
dialog: (Grimly)
text: The new delta-wing jets went in, but
text: not one of them came out. I watched
dialog: high-level bombers drop everything
text: they carried. They were knocked out
text: of the sky and the bombs did nothing.
scene_heading: 170. GROUP - CIVILIAN LEADERS
text: straining to catch what he is saying, glancing at
text: one another, alarmed.
speaker_heading: GENERAL MANN'S VOICE
dialog: Nothing was effective against them!...
dialog: Yes, they have some sort of electronic
text: umbrella. It's quite impenetrable. And
dialog: Doctor Forrester believes they generate
dialog: atomic force without the heavy screening
dialog: we use -- That's where they get the
dialog: power for their rays!
scene_heading: 171. INT. PRIVATE OFFICE - MED. CLOSE SHOT
text: General Mann at phone, his aide in b.g.
speaker_heading: GENERAL MANN
dialog: very well, sir.
dialog: (Hanging up - to aide)
dialog: Call Victorville. Tell them I
dialog: want the fastest plane they've
dialog: got!
text: SHOT WIDENS as he turns to the nearby group.
speaker_heading: GENERAL MANN (Cont'd)
dialog: You'll get all further instructions
dialog: from Sixth Army Command.
dialog: (To Police Chief)
dialog: Now I'll make a statement to those
dialog: reporters.
text: The Police Chief opens the door. Hubbub comes from
text: the outside as reporters and photographers crowd in.
text: The civic authorities leave.
speaker_heading: FAT REPORTER
dialog: (Barging forward)
dialog: General, we heard Doctor Clayton
dialog: Forrester was out there with you.
dialog: What's he think about this?
speaker_heading: GENERAL MANN
dialog: Ask him. He's back at Pacific-Tech.
speaker_heading: FAT REPORTER
dialog: No, he's not! We tried to get him.
text: He hasn't shown up there.
dialog: 172a.
dialog: 172b.
dialog: 172c.
dialog: 172d.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - EXT. FARM & BEANFIELD - (NIGHT)
text: Peaceful. Crickets chirruping. A mocking-bird SOUND-
text: ING off. Low ground mist. Out of the distance comes
text: the MUTTER of gunfire and remote EXPLOSIONS.
text: CAMERA SHOOTING across the edge of the dry irriga-
text: tion ditch toward the farmhouse in the middle dis-
text: tance. A farm cat appears over the edge of the
text: ditch, carrying something in its mouth. It hurries
text: down into the ditch, CAMERA PANNING.
scene_heading: EXT. IRRIGATION DITCH - MED. CLOSE SHOT
text: Clayton is sitting alongside Sylvia who is stretched
text: out asleep. Clayton's jacket is covering her. His
text: attention has been attracted by the cat.
scene_heading: EXT. DITCH - CLOSE SHOT
text: The cat stops in the bottom of the ditch and puts
text: her burden down on some grass. It is a tiny puppy.
text: She lies down. It snuggles to her, whining weakly.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP CLAYTON (PAN SHOT)
text: He smiles a little wryly, looks down toward Sylvia.
text: CAMERA PANS to CLOSEUP of Sylvia. She is breathing
text: softly, regularly.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - CLAYTON & SYLVIA
text: He bends over, looking at her for a long moment,
text: then his hand touches her shoulder, shaking it to
text: waken her.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: (Softly)
dialog: Wake up....
text: Her eyes open, close, then open again.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON (Cont'd)
dialog: (Gently)
dialog: Let's get moving, huh?
text: She doesn't move, only looks at him.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON (Cont'd)
dialog: 173.
dialog: (Concealing his anxiety -
dialog: smiling)
dialog: Are you all right?
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: (Still half-awake)
dialog: I never noticed before - that's a
dialog: cowboy tie....
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: I bought it for the square dance.
dialog: I thought I ought to wear some-
dialog: thing Western.
text: She laughs dreamily, looking up at him. Her smile
text: goes suddenly. She glances out over the edge of the
dialog: ditch.
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: Is that... machine...?
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
text: It's gone now.
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: Where are we?
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
text: Southwest of Corona, somewhere.
dialog: There must have been another
dialog: cylinder down here. They've been
dialog: through this whole area and cleared
dialog: everybody out.
dialog: (Peering from the ditch)
dialog: There's a farmhouse. Let's see if
dialog: we can find something to eat...!
text: As they prepare to leave,
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. FARMHOUSE - KITCHEN - (NIGHT)
text: CLOSE on a skillet loaded with bacon and eggs.
text: CAMERA ANGLE WIDENS. The kitchen is not modern.
text: Old gas refrigerator. High-oven stove, its flaming
text: gas-jets make an eerie glow. Coffee percolates.
text: Sylvia has tidied her hair, renewed her make-up.
text: Clayton is taking a jug of orange juice from the
text: refrigerator. He uses it to indicate the farmhouse
text: as he glances around.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: We're doing all right.
text: He puts it on the table, which he has set, then looks
text: warily out the window. He goes to the stove as
text: Sylvia begins dishing up. She is pensive. They keep
text: their voices down.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: I almost forget when I ate last.
dialog: (Genuine)
dialog: It looks so good.... You know,
dialog: mostly I get my meals in coffee
dialog: shops and restaurants.
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: (Astonished)
dialog: Don't you live at home?
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: No, on the campus. I haven't
dialog: any family.
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: I come from a big one. Nine of us.
dialog: All in Minnesota, except me.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: I have no close folks. My parents
dialog: died when I was a kid.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE - CLAYTON AND SYLVIA
text: Shooting across the table to the stove. Sylvia
text: comes toward CAMERA, bringing bacon and eggs. He
text: follows with the coffee.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: A big family must be fun...I
dialog: imagine it makes you feel you
dialog: belong to something.
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: It does...Maybe that's why I feel
dialog: kind of lost right now.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: (Reassuring, pouring coffee)
dialog: We'll get safely out of here, don't
dialog: worry.
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: (Pouring orange juice)
dialog: But they seem to murder everything
dialog: that moves...!
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: If they're mortal, they must have
dialog: mortal weaknesses. They'll be
dialog: stopped -- somehow!
scene_heading: 175. CLOSE SHOT
text: They begin to eat.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: I've been as close to them as anyone.
dialog: But not close enough for real observation...
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: (Over him - not listening)
dialog: I feel like I did one time when
dialog: I was small.
dialog: (Not sorry for herself,
dialog: merely telling him)
dialog: Awful scared and lonesome...I'd
dialog: wandered off - I've forgotten why -
dialog: but the family and whole crowds of
dialog: neighbors were hunting for me.
dialog: (And then)
dialog: They found me in a church. I was
dialog: afraid to go in any place else.
scene_heading: 116. CLOSE SHOT - SYLVIA
text: Half smiling at the memory.
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: I stayed right by the door - praying
dialog: for the one who loved me best to
dialog: come and find me.
dialog: (And then)
dialog: It was Uncle Matthew who found me.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: (Quietly)
dialog: I liked him.
text: 177. AT THE TABLE
text: Sylvia touches away a tear, keeps her voice con-
dialog: trolled.
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: He liked you ... I could bawl my
dialog: head off!
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: But you're not going to. You're
dialog: not the kind.
dialog: (Encouraging, gentle)
dialog: You're tired, anyway. You've been
dialog: up all night. You cracked up in a
dialog: plane. Slept in a ditch. But you
dialog: 178.
dialog: want to know something?
dialog: (Removing glasses
text: looking, smiling)
dialog: It doesn't show on you at all.
text: As she smiles, holding his gaze, a greenish glow
text: begins to spread through the kitchen. Clayton rises,
text: startled. The light becomes a glare that limns
text: everything sharply - emerald and black. A smashing
text: and roaring SOUNDS outside, approaching like an
text: avalanche. Clayton grabs Sylvia as the house shakes.
text: Part of the ceiling crashes down. The floor rocks
text: under them. They fall, Clayton shielding sylvia,
text: as the walls smash in.
scene_heading: HIGH CAMERA - SPECIAL EFFECT - EXT. FARMHOUSE AND
speaker_heading: MULTIPLE METEOR
text: A multiple meteor has fallen. Through the ground
text: mist we see that one cylinder has gouged up earth
text: and is hitting the farmhouse in f.g. Two other
text: cylinders land in the far distance and are obscured
text: in the mist. All movement ends. Silence follows.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. WRECKED FARMHOUSE - (NIGHT)
text: CLOSE on a broken pipe, gushing water. Sylvia's hand
text: comes into SCENE, soaking a cloth. CAMERA PANS as
text: she draws the cloth away. Clayton is sprawled near
text: the living room doorway, hunched, holding his head.
text: She crouches by him - shaken, anxious - pressing the
text: cloth against his temple. He sits up slowly, holding
text: the cloth against his head, then pressing it over his
text: face and eyes. He is hurt. Finally, he drags the
text: cloth down his face and sucks in his breath. She
text: holds him while his brain steadies.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: How long was I out?
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: (Small, whispering)
dialog: Hours. I've been so scared..
dialog: 
text: He starts to get up. She holds him down.
speaker_heading: SYLVIA (Cont'd)
dialog: (Whispering)
dialog: They're right outside! Several of
dialog: them came down together!
text: Clayton is immediately alert. He rises quietly,
text: CAMERA PANS as he tiptoes to the wall and peers out
dialog: 185.
text: a vertical break.
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - EXT. WRECKED FARMHOUSE
text: Clayton's VIEWPOINT. Everything is seen through or
text: above low ground mist. In b.g. is fencing, trees, sheds.
text: Visible above the mist is a Martian machine, gliding
text: slowly. It stops. CLOSE in f.g., is part of a glit-
text: tering leg that rises to the underside of another
text: machine standing sentinel, straddling the house.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - CLAYTON & SYLVIA
text: Clayton's eyes reflect his excitement. He leaves the
text: opening, looks up, starts quickly toward the living
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: (Whispering)
text: There's a machine standing right over us!
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - MED. SHOT
text: The attic has been crushed down in a mess of beams
text: and plaster. The roof has spilled over at one side.
text: Clayton reaches up, pulling at beams and plaster,
text: trying to get a better look. He peers out through
text: an opening to the farmyard again. Sylvia, by the
text: door to the patio, regards him fearfully.
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - EXT. FARMHOUSE
text: Clayton's VIEWPOINT from the living room. The Martian
text: machine in b.g. is now slowly submerging into the mist.
text: From this vantage point, a third machine is now vis-
text: ible, still on the ground in the farmyard. Now this
text: machine begins to rise on its glowing beam-legs.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - MED. SHOT
text: Clayton is peering through the opening in b.g.
text: Sylvia, f.g., standing beside the broken door to the
text: outside patio, turns and looks out. She suppresses
text: a scream, starting away. CAMERA MOVES IN fast, SHOOT-
text: ING past her to the EXTERIOR. The patio is blocked
text: with debris, fallen fuchsias, potted cacti in bloom.
text: A form is just disappearing beyond the debris. Smooth,
dialog: reddish, indefinite.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - SYLVIA & CLAYTON
text: Clayton jumps to her side.
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: Something moved outside!
text: Clayton brings out a flashlight, starts to move out to
text: the patio. Sylvia clings to him as he looks.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: (Whispering, tense)
dialog: Nothing there now.
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: It was...
dialog: (Indicating Martians)
dialog: ...one of them!
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: What was it like?
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: (Drawing him back
dialog: toward kitchen)
dialog: I couldn't see much in the dark -
dialog: but it was one!
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: We're right in a nest of 'em!
dialog: I've got to get a look at them.
text: He pulls away from Sylvia and works quickly at a
text: shattered wall, making an opening. From the other
text: side of the room comes the SOUND of shifting debris.
text: Sylvia calls a warning. Clayton spins, backing to
text: join her. They shelter in the kitchen doorway,
text: watching cautiously. The thrusting and RATTLING
text: of displaced wood and plaster continues.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - MED. SHOT
text: Their VIEWPOINT. Through the debris appears a long,
text: slender mechanism in the shape of a flexible metal-
text: lic tubing. At the head of it is an enlarged section
text: which splits and slides back, disclosing a bright
text: lens - like an eye, but larger. It begins to quest
text: about the room, glittering in the deep shadow.
scene_heading: CLOSE - CLAYTON AND SYLVIA
text: He is fascinated. She is frozen with fear.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: (Bated)
dialog: It's looking for us!
dialog: 189.
dialog: 190.
dialog: 191.
dialog: 191la.
dialog: 192.
text: She pulls him down behind the upset dinette table,
text: jammed in a corner with other debris.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - MARTIAN SCANNING EYE
text: It is divided into three striated lenses, each faintly
text: colored with one of the optical primaries - red, blue
text: or green. It comes through the doorway. It turns
text: ceaselessly around and back again on a sheathed
text: universal joint, making a faint CLICKING SOUND on
text: each movement. Questing. Suspicious. Reflected in
text: each lens is a tinted, peculiarly distorted view of
text: the wrecked kitchen.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - CLAYTON & SYLVIA
text: Huddled behind the table, watching through a crack.
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - EXT. FARMHOUSE & MARTIAN MACHINE
text: CAMERA PICKS UP the plastic-covered nose of the
text: machine, within which the honeycombed circle has
text: now become a luminous screen. On this translucent
text: surface, projected from inside, is a curiously
dialog: twisted picture of the kitchen - as transmitted
text: by the scanning eye in the house below.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - CLOSE SHOT - CLAYTON & SYLVIA
text: Clayton has picked up a pebble of broken plaster.
text: He flips it against the ceiling of the living room
text: beyond. He grabs Sylvia, pulling her down.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - MED. SHOT - SCANNING EYE
text: The eye is turning around and back as Clayton's pebble
text: and a little broken plaster dribble from the ceiling.
text: The eye snakes upward to look. It comes down again.
text: Slowly, suspiciously, it lowers to the floor.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - CLAYTON & SYLVIA
text: She is clutching him. He comes up a little, pokes
text: cautiously where plaster is broken from the wall
text: and peers into the living room.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - MED. FULL SHOT
text: Clayton's VIEWPOINT. The mechanical eye is in the
text: middle of the floor, turning around and back.
dialog: 194.
dialog: 195.
text: Watching. Waiting.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - CLOSEUP - CLAYTON & SYLVIA
text: He covers the peephole with his hand.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Maybe they aren't too sure we're here.
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: (Bated)
dialog: They could be as curious about us
dialog: as we are about them.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Maybe
dialog: (Looks up)
dialog: Maybe they want to take us alive.
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - EXT. FARMHOUSE - MED. FULL SHOT
text: A Martian machine is moving through the mist in b.g.
text: The one in the farmyard has moved nearer. The honey-
text: combed circle is alight, showing the picture of the
text: kitchen in the house. Suddenly this goes off.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - CLOSE SHOT CLAYTON & SYLVIA
text: He is using the peephole to the living room again.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: (Whispering - sharp)
dialog: It's pulling out!
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - MED. FULL SHOT
text: VIEWPOINT from kitchen. The sheath is closing over the
text: eye. The flexible tubing is withdrawing. It disappears.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - CLAYTON & SYLVIA
text: He gets up, comes cautiously from the kitchen, with
text: Sylvia following. She grasps his arm.
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: (Gasping)
dialog: Let's get out of here!
text: He gestures her to silence, moves toward the wall
text: and the opening he had made. She peers fearfully
text: out through the broken patio door.
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
text: (At the door, shocked)
dialog: They've blocked it!
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: (At opening in wall)
dialog: It's blocked here, too!
text: (Furiously clawing at
dialog: the hole)
dialog: They've pushed up earth or something
text: all around outside.
dialog: (Moving to fireplace)
dialog: Here, this way...!
text: He snatches an axe from the woodbox by the fireplace,
text: jabbing between fallen ceiling beams. Sylvia looks
text: fearfully around.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - SYLVIA & CLAYTON - PAN SHOT
text: CAMERA WHIPS UP from them. The Martian eye is hanging
text: in the dimness above their heads, through a split in
dialog: the ceiling.
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: Look out!!
text: Clayton sees it, leaps, slashing with the axe. A
text: loose beam is dislodged in a shower of dust and frag-
text: ments, falling across the tubing and the eye, pinning
text: it to the floor.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - CLAYTON
text: As he holds a foot on the tubing behind the eye,
text: hacking with the axe. He cuts the lens clear. The
text: rest of the mechanism is withdrawn fast, snaking up
text: into the debris.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: We've got to get out now - fast!
dialog: (Grabs up metal shape
dialog: containing the eye)
dialog: This is something tangible to
dialog: work on....
dialog: (Excited, exultant)
dialog: It'll tell us a lot about them...
dialog: 
text: He jumps to where he was working, hacking furiously
text: with the axe, careless of noise now.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON (Cont'd)
dialog: I've got to get to Pacific-Tech -
dialog: quick!
dialog: 201.
dialog: 203.
dialog: 204.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - SYLVIA
text: SHOOTING past Clayton. She comes into SCENE behind
text: him, pulling on a loose beam to give him room, using
text: a piece of cloth to protect her hands. Behind her
text: is a door leading to the den. It is broken, sprung
text: from its hinges.
text: CAMERA MOVES IN past Clayton as out of the dark cavity
text: behind Sylvia comes a hand that is more than a hand,
text: on an arm that is thin, lean, with degenerate muscu-
text: lature. Thick veins cross it, pulsating. Back of it
text: is a dim form. The hand-shape has three fingerlike
text: suckers. They fasten on Sylvia's shoulder, spreading,
text: huge. Her eyes and mouth open in horror. She tries
text: to scream but her vocal cords are paralyzed, shocked.
text: She is drawn back, drops the loose beam. Then she
text: forces a SOUND between her lips. Clayton hears and
text: leaps to help her, sending the beam of his flash-
text: light at the figure behind her.
scene_heading: FLASH - CLOSE SHOT - MARTIAN
text: We see a head, hairless, reddish like the planet
text: itself, crossed by protruding veins which pulsate.
text: Dominant is a single multi-lensed eye with colored
text: pupils. The Martian is staggered by the light. He
text: lifts his strange, suckered hands to ward it off.
scene_heading: LIVING ROOM - CLAYTON, SYLVIA AND MARTIAN
text: Clayton turns with Sylvia to escape. The Martian
text: lunges after them. Clayton turns the flashlight on
text: the figure again. It stops, staggered. Clayton
text: flings the axe and the Martian reels back as the axe
text: hits. An unhuman SCREAMING sounds as it disappears
text: back into the cavity. This continues overscene as
text: Clayton swings Sylvia to the opening in the ceiling.
text: He snatches up the piece of cloth Sylvia dropped,
text: then follows.
scene_heading: INT. WRECKED FARMHOUSE - ATTIC
text: Sylvia comes up through the sloping floor, slides to-
text: ward a broken window, its frame sprung half out of
text: the wall. Clayton slides after her, through the
text: dormer window. They drop out between frame and wall.
text: The SCREAMING continues.
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - WRECKED FARMHOUSE AND MARTIANS
text: The unhuman SCREAMING comes overscene, wild. We see
dialog: 207.
dialog: 208.
dialog: 210.
text: the red leg of the sentinel Martian, which is moving.
text: In b.g. a machine is on the ground, misted. From an
text: opening comes a yellowish, strange-colored beam.
text: Visible in this are three moving creatures. Squat.
text: Thick through. Everything about them sags downward
text: under air weight and the pull of gravity. In f.g.,
text: Clayton and Sylvia flee wildly from the house.
scene_heading: EXT. FARMYARD - (NIGHT) - FEATURING CLAYTON AND SYLVIA
text: The two run from the direction of the house, smashing
text: through a burned hedge, their feet stirring hot ashes
text: and bright sparks in the darkness. The SCREAMING
text: trails away.
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - LONG SHOT - EXT. WRECKED HOUSE AND
speaker_heading: MARTIAN MACHINE
text: The sentinel Martian has moved back from the house
text: and is hitting it with a heat-ray. Beyond, in the
text: night sky, the green streak of a multiple meteor sud-
text: denly slants down. Glowing, sinister. Another slows,
text: falling at the same angle. Both loom big before they
text: hit the dark earth in turn and disappear behind the
text: curtain of the ground mist.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. WASHINGTON, D.C. - FULL SHOT - (DAY - STOCK)
text: An establishing shot.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INSERT - EXT. GOVERNMENT BLDG. - (DAY)
text: CAMERA on wall lettering: DEPT. OF DEFENSE.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. MESSAGE CENTER - MED. CLOSE SHOT - (DAY)
text: CAMERA SHOOTING DOWN on an enormous table map of the
text: world, scattered with black patches, indicating dead
text: areas cleaned out by the Martians. Attack arrows
text: extend from these. Metal - each with a bright, min-
text: iature Martian machine. Around the edge of the map
text: are WACs and special personnel constantly enlarging
text: the blacked-out areas, pushing arrows forward as the
text: Martians advance. The map indicates that the world
text: is fighting for its existence. Spain is dead from
dialog: 210a.
dialog: 211.
text: Valencia to Seville. Martians occupy the west of
dialog: France up to Nantes. They're thick from Cherbourg
text: across Belgium, Holland. The Italian boot is blacked
text: out near Rome. Dark patches are in Greece, Yugo-
text: slavia. In the southeast corner of England; in
dialog: South Wales, Scotland and in Ireland from Tralee to
dialog: Cork. They're in Sweden, Lithuania, Marrakesh,
dialog: Tripoli, Egypt, South Africa and strategic places in
dialog: the U.S.S.R. In the Levant and India, Malaya and
text: Australia. Some dead areas are large. Some small.
dialog: But the small ones grow larger all the time.
scene_heading: INT. MESSAGE CENTER - MED. SHOT
text: A reception area occupies the floor around the map
text: on the table. In this area, and in rooms off it,
dialog: are batteries of teletypes, phones, wirephoto
text: machines. Present are high Army, Air Force, Navy
text: and Marine Corps brass, with a colorful scattering
text: of worried foreign attaches - phoning, conferring,
text: arguing. Seated personnel receive messages and use
text: phones to direct the workers at the map.
text: CAMERA MOVES IN on a big group near a wall covered
text: with pull-down maps, listening to General Mann. His
text: aide stands near, holding colored chalks. There is
text: a control-bank of TV screens close by, lifeless.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - GROUP
text: Shooting past General Mann. We see high brass, all
text: stars and staff insignia. The only civilian is the
text: SECRETARY OF DEFENSE - neat, without fat, disting-
text: uished, badger-gray hair, cool. He stands beside the
text: CHIEF OF STAFF - balding, seven rows of decorations
text: and five stars; a tight-lipped man with calculating
dialog: eyes.
text: The rest are mature tacticians and fighters. They
text: include the FRENCH ATTACHE - rugged, tough. The
scene_heading: ITALIAN ATTACHE - fat, suave. The BRITISH ATTACHE
text: has a trim mustache, three rows of ribbons, graying
text: hair. The incessant SOUNDS of phone calls, teletypes,
text: quick orders come over SCENE.
speaker_heading: GENERAL MANN'S VOICE
dialog: And this much is certain -- it is
dialog: vital to prevent the Martian machines
text: linking up. Once they do, they adopt
dialog: an extraordinary military tactic.
dialog: (Forceful - indicating map)
dialog: You can see from those blacked-out
dialog: areas that they're using it very
text: effectively. They form a crescent...
dialog: 212.
dialog: 213.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - GENERAL MANN
text: He uses colored chalk to draw a thick, crescent-
text: shaped line on the blackboard. He continues drawing,
text: illustrating his words.
speaker_heading: GENERAL MANN
text: They anchor it at one end, and sweep
text: on until they've cleared a quadrant...
text: He draws three crescent-shaped lines to a quadrant,
text: showing the movement of the Martians.
speaker_heading: GENERAL MANN
text: ...Then they anchor the opposite end--
dialog: and reverse direction!
text: As the strange diagram progresses across the black-
text: board, it takes on an unearthly, centipedular aspect.
speaker_heading: GENERAL MANN
text: They slash across country like scythes,
dialog: wiping out everything that's trying to
dialog: get away from them!
scene_heading: GROUP - FAVORING GENERAL MANN, SECRETARY OF DEFENSE
speaker_heading: AND CHIEF OF STAFF
text: As Staff Colonel hands messages to the Chief.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: That explains why communication is
dialog: cut the moment their machines
text: begin to move.
speaker_heading: CHIEF OF STAFF
dialog: (Reading a message)
dialog: Madrid has just blacked out!!
dialog: Nothing more coming through.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: The same thing that happened on our
dialog: Pacific Coast.
dialog: (Calling)
dialog: Anything from them yet?
speaker_heading: STAFF COLONEL
dialog: No, Mr. Secretary. We've had nothing
text: from San Francisco for over five hours.
speaker_heading: STAFF MAJOR
dialog: (Moving in, urgent)
dialog: Those pictures are ready now, sir!
text: All turn at once to follow him.
dialog: 214.
speaker_heading: STAFF MAJOR
dialog: I've included that wirephoto from
dialog: Paris, Mr. Secretary.
speaker_heading: CHIEF OF STAFF
dialog: (Glancing toward map)
dialog: Are we still in touch with Paris?
speaker_heading: WAC
dialog: (After a moment)
dialog: No, sir.
speaker_heading: ALCOVE
text: as the group files in. No seats in the alcove. No
text: lights. CAMERA FAVORS the foreign attaches.
speaker_heading: ITALIAN ATTACHE
dialog: (Gesturing - in French)
dialog: We set cannon wheel to wheel above
dialog: Napoli. They melted them like candles.
speaker_heading: FRENCH ATTACHE
dialog: (To Italian attache - in
dialog: French - with gestures)
text: Our planes dived at them. All
dialog: that happened --
dialog: (A sweep of the hands)
dialog: -- They crumple like papier-mache!
text: During this, the Staff Major snaps his fingers. A
text: pictures hits the screen.
speaker_heading: STAFF MAJOR
dialog: This film clip was flown in from
dialog: the West Coast... Golden Gate
dialog: Bridge.
text: A Martian machine is coming off the bridge,
text: out from under one of the 750-foot towers.
speaker_heading: STAFF MAJOR (Cont'd)
dialog: This other is from New York. One
dialog: of them crossed from the New Jersey
dialog: side...
text: We see a Martian machine on the waterfront,
dialog: moving
dialog: caught
text: against the New York skyline, using a ray against
text: a skyscraper.
speaker_heading: STAFF MAJOR (Cont'd)
dialog: (As film cuts off)
dialog: And here are the wirephotos.
scene_heading: 215. GROUP - AT VIEWING BOX
text: Everyone turns from the screen to a tall box with
text: a tilted glass top.
speaker_heading: STAFF MAJOR
dialog: (Going on)
dialog: This is the Paris wirephoto. It
dialog: must be the last thing out of
dialog: there!
text: CAMERA MOVES IN on the glass. In a still picture
text: transparescy, we see the Eiffel Tower collapsing.
text: There is a Martian machine in a lower corner. A
text: ray has blasted three of the tower's legs and is
text: just hitting a fourth.
scene_heading: FRENCH ATTACHE'S VOICE
dialog: (In French)
dialog: My God!
speaker_heading: STAFF MAJOR'S VOICE
dialog: And this is another - from Rio de
dialog: Janeiro.
text: Day. Seen from the harbor, with the Corcovado Peak
text: and huge Christus statue against the sky. A Martian
text: machine shows among the ruins at the waterfront.
speaker_heading: STAFF MAJOR'S VOICE (Cont'd)
text: Outside London. The River Thames,
text: near Windsor Castle.
text: Windsor Castle in b.g. A Martian machine wading the
text: river, half-hidden by misty steam. A heat-ray hit-
text: ting the water. In f.g., an overturned rowboat and
text: people in the water.
scene_heading: BRITISH ATTACHE'S VOICE
text: The water's boiling from the Martian
dialog: heat-ray!
speaker_heading: STAFF MAJOR'S VOICE
dialog: ...And here's that Los Angeles picture!
scene_heading: 216. ALCOVE - GROUP - FAVORING STAFF MAJOR
text: The light from the viewbox tints their faces blue.
speaker_heading: STAFF MAJOR
text: This is a sonic-radar picture, taken
dialog: from extreme altitude. It shows de-
text: tails of the Martian nest outside
dialog: Los Angeles.
text: CAMERA MOVES IN on the viewing glass.
dialog: 217.
dialog: 219.
speaker_heading: STAFF MAJOR'S VOICE
text: Their machines show as round blobs.
text: Newly fallen cylinders are elongated.
text: We see an odd, blue-tinted photo. It shows a clear
text: pattern of small, shining shapes. Sentinel Martians
text: make the outer points of a triangle. Inside these
text: are smaller triangles, formed where multiple cylin-
text: ders have come down.
speaker_heading: CHIEF OF STAFF'S VOICE
dialog: We know there are three cylinders to
text: each group. Three machines to every
dialog: cylinder...
dialog: (Appalled)
dialog: That's over fifty machines right here!
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - SECRETARY AND GROUP - (MOVING SHOT)
speaker_heading: CHIEF OF STAFF
dialog: (To Secretary)
dialog: Mister Secretary - if they link up
dialog: with those others near Fresno...
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: All right - I've seen enough!
text: He strides from the alcove - CAMERA FOLLOWING - and
text: moves to the big map on the table and looks down at
text: it. The others follow and gather around.
scene_heading: INSERT - OPERATIONS MAP
text: Blacked-out areas increasing. Arrows being moved.
text: Activity all along the map.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT - GROUP
text: The Secretary looks up to the others.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: There's only one thing that will stop
dialog: the Martians! We've held back pre-
dialog: viously because of the danger of
dialog: radiation to civilians. Now there's
dialog: no choice.
dialog: (To Chief of Staff)
dialog: The United Nations has voted authority
dialog: to the United States. The White House
dialog: will confirm an order to use the Atom
dialog: bomb.
speaker_heading: CHIEF OF STAFF
dialog: 220.
dialog: 221.
dialog: (Nodding - decisive)
dialog: Then our first target will be the
dialog: initial landing place outside Los
dialog: Angeles.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: I'll request the scientists from
dialog: Pacific-Tech to monitor the drop.
dialog: (Toward General Mann)
dialog: We'll clear the area all around. After
dialog: that we'll hit them all over the world.
dialog: I'll have long-range bombers alerted,
text: loaded and standing by.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPUS, PACIFIC-TECH, HIGH POTENTIAL BLDG. (DAY)
text: Shooting from the portale, past an iron railing and
text: a pillar with a framed plan of the campus, marked:
scene_heading: PACIFIC INSTITUTE OF SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. ROOM IN HIGH POTENTIAL BLDG. - (DAY)
text: A group of Pacific-Tech doctors and assistants are
text: sorting out anti-radiation suits, rubber gloves,
text: Geiger counters, masks and special equipment. They
text: are modern scientists, natural in manner, alert. Dr.
text: Pryor - high man in aerodynamics - turns sharply as
text: Clayton comes in with Sylvia. A gray-haired man
text: faces around with him - DR. DuBROCK, Nobel prize-
dialog: winner in physics.
speaker_heading: DR. PRYOR
dialog: Forrester - everybody's been looking
dialog: for you!
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: I know. We've walked halfway from
dialog: Corona! Finally found an abandoned
dialog: truck. Miss Van Buren - this is
dialog: Dr. Pryor ... Dr. DuBrock...
dialog: (Talking right on, bringing
dialog: out Martian ‘eye’ and
dialog: stained cloth)
dialog: What's this I hear about the A-bomb?
speaker_heading: DR. PRYOR
dialog: We're going in right afterwards!
dialog: Study its effect.
speaker_heading: DR. DuBROCK
dialog: We leave in half an hour.
dialog: (Looking)
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: DR. PRYOR
dialog: A king-size fish eye?
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: We took this off the Martians.
text: All move in sharply as he sets the eye on a table.
scene_heading: DR. PENNINGTON - astro-physics and optics -
text: examines it closely.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: (Going on, quick)
dialog: It'll tell us a lot about their
dialog: metals and alloys.
scene_heading: DR. PENNINGTON
dialog: (Roused)
dialog: If this is a lens, we can find out
dialog: something about their optics.
speaker_heading: DR. PRYOR
dialog: Interesting...very interesting...
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: (Showing cloth,
dialog: pointing to stain)
dialog: And this is the blood of a Martian!
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: 222. INSERT - SLIDE SEEN THROUGH MICROSCOPE - MARTIAN
speaker_heading: BLOOD
text: Pallid pink. Full of tiny crystals.
scene_heading: DR. GRATZMAN'S VOICE
dialog: I've never seen blood as anaemic as
dialog: this!
scene_heading: 223. INT. LABORATORY - HIGH POTENTIAL BUILDING - (DAY
text: CLOSE ON a big microscope with twin eye-pieces.
text: DR. GRATZMAN is looking up from it - biochemist and
text: research man, alert, red-haired. CAMERA BEGINS TO
text: PULL BACK as he speaks.
speaker_heading: DR. GRATZMAN
dialog: They may be mental giants, but by
dialog: our standards, they're physically
dialog: degenerate.
text: Most of the Pacific-Tech scientists are grouped with
text: him at a bench where the stained cloth is under
text: examination; Clayton and Sylvia with them. Ina
text: corner is an epidiascope; Dr. Pennington is rigging
text: the Martian 'eye' to this. The instrument has a
text: big screen.
text: There is a wall-board chalked with notes and form-
text: ulae. High-pressure cylinders - one red, one green -
text: in a wheeled carrier. Benches with asbestos tops and
text: discarded apparatus - mercury jars, holders, switches.
text: Big, gay-colored electronic tubes.
speaker_heading: DR. DuBROCK
dialog: (To Sylvia, commenting)
dialog: That hand - fingers like suckers!
dialog: (Amused)
dialog: It sounds as though they may have
dialog: evolved from fish.
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: They're cold-blooded enough!
scene_heading: 224. GROUP - FAVORING DR. BILDERBECK
dialog: "Baldy' Bilderbeck, mathematician and top-drawer man
dialog: in nuclear physics.
scene_heading: DR. BILDERBECK
dialog: (Commenting mildly)
dialog: Isn't it curious how everything about
dialog: them seems to be in threes?
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
text: Their eyes have three lenses and
text: three distinct pupils. And strong
text: light shocks them.
scene_heading: DR. PENNINGTON
dialog: They're not accustomed to it! Sunlight
dialog: on Mars is about half as strong as we
dialog: get it. Add their clouds and dust and
text: it amounts to no more than twilight.
dialog: (To Clayton)
dialog: We've rigged this epidiascope to reflect
dialog: whatever your Martian lense picks up.
dialog: (Clicks switch)
dialog: Move in a little ... Thank you.
text: CAMERA ANGLES to favor Clayton, Dr. Pryor and Dr.
text: Bilderbeck as they ease nearer. Light from the
text: epidiascope screen shows on their faces. Its density
text: changes. Suddenly, everyone gasps, horrified.
scene_heading: DR. PENNINGTON'S VOICE
dialog: That's how the Martians see us...!
dialog: 225.
speaker_heading: 225A
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - GROUP - AND EPIDIASCOPE SCREEN
text: Shooting CLOSE PAST the three to a terrifying image of
text: themselves on the big glass screen. Colors hideously
text: changed. Eyes enormous and peculiar. Green faces.
text: Hands elongated. Fingers like bony talons with blue
text: claws. Proportions gone crazy, and all movement
text: exaggerated. There is a moment of horrified silence.
scene_heading: DR. DuBROCK'S VOICE
dialog: If that's how they see us, no wonder
dialog: they want to kill us on sight!
scene_heading: DR. BILDERBECK'S VOICE
dialog: If I saw creatures like that I'd want
dialog: to kill them myself.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON'S VOICE
dialog: Evidently there's a shift in the spec-
dialog: trum. And color absorption of the
dialog: Martian retina is completely different
dialog: from our own.
dialog: (Amused)
dialog: But maybe they look good to each other!
scene_heading: DR. PENNINGTON'S VOICE
dialog: Let's find out why they were so curious
dialog: about you, Miss Van Buren.
text: The others move back and Sylvia seems to surge on to
text: the glass screen. Her face is a nightmare mask,
text: violently colored. She recoils in a little shocked
dialog: movement.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON'S VOICE
dialog: (Lightly)
dialog: Well, well -- a Martian's idea of
dialog: beauty!
scene_heading: DR. DuBROCK'S VOICE
dialog: (Calling)
dialog: Time we got started, gentlemen!
text: The glass screen picks up a distorted image of
text: Clayton's face as he moves to Sylvia and turns
text: with her to go out.
scene_heading: INT. LABORATORY - MED. SHOT
text: They are all moving toward the door. Clayton pauses
text: by the microscope, glancing toward Gratzman.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: (Touching cloth - thoughtfully)
dialog: This Martian blood...
dialog: 225B.
dialog: 226.
dialog: (Suddenly suggesting)
dialog: Let's make a quick analysis and see
dialog: what we've got!
speaker_heading: GRATZMAN
dialog: (Looking at him - thinking)
dialog: It might give us something.
text: Sylvia glances at them in turn, not understanding,
text: but sensing the importance of what they are saying.
text: Pennington pauses behind them.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: (Nodding - glancing from
dialog: cloth to Gratzman)
dialog: Something we could use...
speaker_heading: PENNINGTON
dialog: Let it go. If you're interested in
dialog: Martian blood, you'll be able to get
dialog: all you want right after the plane
dialog: drops the bomb!
text: They all start toward the door.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: EXT. AIR FIELD - FULL SHOT - (STOCK)
text: A great six-jet flying wing bomber races down the
text: runway and takes to the sky.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY TUNNEL - MOVING SHOT - (DUSK - OVERCAST)
text: CAMERA is CLOSE on the lips and mouth of a RADIO
text: REPORTER for the Pacific Broadcasting Company as he
text: speaks rapidly and dramatically into a microphone.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: The target for the A-bomb drop is this
text: nest of Martian machines in the Puente
dialog: Hills - where more of these meteors
dialog: came down early last evening.
text: The SHOT WIDENS to show the Reporter -- dishevelled,
text: tired, dirty -- with a portable tape-recorder slung
text: over his shoulder. He moves forward, CAMERA FOLLOW-
text: ING, to disclose Sylvia, gazing through field glasses.
text: The Reporter exits, still talking rapidly. Sylvia
text: lowers the glasses momentarily, then looks through
text: them again. CAMERA leaves her, PANNING.
text: The mouth of the vehicular tunnel is on the slope of
text: a high ridge, about halfway up to the summit, so that
text: a view from the tunnel itself is one of sky only.
text: Right at the mouth of the tunnel, the highway makes
text: an abrupt turn to enter, and the outer side of the
text: roadway is protected by the usual concrete buffer
text: wall. This has been augmented by the military with
text: massive sandbag breastworks to protect those in the
dialog: tunnel and the necessary observers in forward posi-
dialog: tions from enemy action from the valley below. With-
text: in the tunnel proper, CAMERA PICKS UP the scientists
text: from Pacific-Tech, who are gathered in a cul-de-sac
text: in the tunnel wall. Doctors DuBrock, Pennington and
dialog: Bilderbeck have already got into their colored anti-
text: radiation suits. Doctors Pryor and Gratzman are
text: present with sundry assistants. Gloves, masks, and
text: special equipment are being laid out. Clayton is
text: putting on a suit. A jeep stands by. During this:
speaker_heading: REPORTER'S VOICE
text: A plane will pinpoint the target for
text: the drop from six miles up. Conditions
dialog: are perfect. The bomb will be about
dialog: ten times more powerful than the one
dialog: used at Hiroshima. Nothing like it
dialog: has ever been exploded before, and
dialog: we're going to be pretty darn close --
dialog: but there are observers down in the
dialog: valley in a forward bunker and they'll
dialog: be a lot nearer than us!
text: CAMERA MOVES to PICK UP, near the outer breastworks,
text: Army, Navy and Air Force brass, with special observers
dialog: from the Atomic Energy Commission, and a First-Aid
text: unit. To one side is a group of high officers and
dialog: officials, for liaison and observation from Allied
text: Nations within the roster of the united Nations.
text: Everyone is equipped with field glasses. Observing
text: officers use them constantly and talk quietly, tense-
text: ly. There is a BUZZ of comment in foreign tongues
text: from the United Nations Group. A spread of loud-
text: speakers is mounted on a jeep. Other vehicles include
text: a Radar Scanning truck with antenna cocked skyward,
text: constantly scanning.
speaker_heading: REPORTER'S VOICE (Cont'd)
dialog: There must be a couple of million people
text: back of us in the shelter of the San Gabriel
dialog: hills -- waiting to find out whether they
dialog: can go home again! This will decide the
dialog: fate of civilization and all humanity --
dialog: whether we live or die may depend on what
dialog: happens here!
speaker_heading: LOUDSPEAKER VOICE
dialog: (ECHOING in the tunnel)
dialog: Attention, please...Thuh-ree minutes
dialog: to bomb time!
speaker_heading: 226A.
dialog: 227.
text: CAMERA PICKS UP General Mann with a group of officers
text: and staff of Sixth Army Command, behind a big breast-
text: work. Nearby is a field telephone unit. Beyond are
text: cameramen in battle dress. The Radio Reporter moves
text: into SCENE, talking in to his mike.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: Direct cable communication is being
dialog: maintained with Washington, and from
dialog: there to key centers around the world,
dialog: but there's no radio communication at
dialog: all - even with the bombing plane that's
text: coming over. All radio is dead. Which
dialog: means that these tape-recordings I'm
dialog: making are for the sake of history --
dialog: if any!
scene_heading: EXT. SKY - FULL SHOT - (STOCK)
text: The big delta-wing bomber takes off and speeds toward
text: the clouds, heading for the target.
scene_heading: EXT. TUNNEL MOUTH - GROUP
text: Clayton, Drs. DuBrock, Bilderbeck. All are helping
text: each other with their anti-radiation suits. Sylvia
text: moves into SCENE and assists Clayton.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: General Mann says Washington is cer-
dialog: tain the Martians are aiming at complete
text: saturation. They intend to take over
dialog: the entire earth.
speaker_heading: DR. DuBROCK
dialog: And Bilderbeck has calculated exactly
dialog: how long we've got before they do it!
text: All look at Bilderbeck.
scene_heading: DR. BILDERBECK
dialog: (Mildly)
dialog: If the A-bomb fails, that is.
scene_heading: DR. PENNINGTON
dialog: It won't.
scene_heading: DR. BILDERBECK
dialog: (Evenly)
dialog: If it should fail, the Martians can
dialog: conquer the earth in six days.
text: There is a moment's pause.
dialog: 228.
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: (Quietly)
dialog: The same number of days it took
dialog: to create it.
text: All look at her.
speaker_heading: LOUDSPEAKER VOICE
dialog: Attention, please...two minutes
dialog: to bomb time!
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - CLAYTON AND SYLVIA
text: She helps adjust the cuffs at his wrist, and his
text: belt. Then, after a moment, making it casual:
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: Is it possible to go in right
dialog: after the explosion?
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Yes, with these suits. We've used
dialog: them before on atomic tests... Odd-
dialog: looking, aren't they?
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
text: Very futuristic.
dialog: (Smiling)
dialog: Yours doesn't really go with that
dialog: butch haircut!
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: (Hand through hair)
dialog: I could wear it longer -- but it's
dialog: less trouble this way.
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: My kid brother has one. You know
dialog: why?
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Yes ... Fits better in a football
dialog: helmet.
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: (Amazed, staring)
dialog: How'd you guess?
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: (Smiling)
dialog: That's the kind of a kid brother
dialog: you'd have!
speaker_heading: LOUDSPEAKER VOICE
dialog: Attention, please! One minute to
dialog: bomb time. Take shelter!
dialog: 229.
dialog: 229A.
dialog: 230.
dialog: 231.
dialog: 232.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUTH OF TUNNEL - FULL SHOT
text: All move into position behind the barriers. Staff
text: officers consult watches. Some try to sight the
dialog: plane.
speaker_heading: LOUDSPEAKER VOICE
dialog: Fifty seconds to zero. Stand by! If
dialog: you have no goggles, turn away. Remember,
dialog: the heat flash and afterblast are danger-
dialog: ous!
scene_heading: EXT. SKY - MED. SHOT - (STOCK)
text: The A-bomb plane circles above the clouds, heading
dialog: for the Martians.
scene_heading: EXT. TUNNEL - FEATURING RADAR SCANNING TRUCK
text: The antenna scans the sky ceaselessly.
scene_heading: INT. RADAR TRUCK - MED. CLOSE SHOT
text: An officer and a sergeant are tensely watching the
text: radar screen. The pip suddenly resolves into a dot.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: There's the plane!
text: The sergeant runs out.
scene_heading: EXT. TUNNEL - PAN SHOT
text: CAMERA is on the Radar truck. The sergeant bolts out
text: the rear door, runs toward General Mann and the scien-
text: tists, CAMERA PANNING with him. All are standing
text: tensely, looking OFF toward the Martian nest.
speaker_heading: LOUDSPEAKER VOICE
text: Forty seconds to zero.
scene_heading: GROUP & YELLOW-BREASTED ORIOLE
text: SHOOTING in toward the tunnel. Perched on a scrub
text: tree, f.g., is an oriole, singing. Clayton and Sylvia,
text: the scientists, General Mann and others. The sergeant
text: reaches General Mann.
speaker_heading: LOUSPEAKER VOICE
text: Thirty seconds to zero.
dialog: 234.
dialog: 235.
text: From here on, every second is marked by a CLICKING
text: metroname-like beat. Every fifth second is empha-
text: sized by the VOICE over the loudspeaker.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: (To General Mann)
dialog: We've sighted the bomber, sir!
text: General Mann and the others look toward the sky.
speaker_heading: LOUDSPEAKER VOICE
text: Twenty-five seconds to zero.
speaker_heading: DR. DuBROCK
dialog: (Glancing 0.s. - suddenly)
dialog: Look... look!
text: Field glasses swing quickly in the direction of the
dialog: Martian nest.
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - FIELD GLASS VIEWPOINT - MARTIAN NEST
text: It is a hell of a scene. Sentinel Martian machines
text: are darting back and forth on the perimeter of the
text: massed group. All the machines glitter and glow in
text: the waning daylight, suddenly imbued with a furious
text: activity. Cobalt jets are stabbing upward from
dialog: every machine.
speaker_heading: LOUDSPEAKER VOICE
text: Twenty seconds to zero.
scene_heading: EXT. TUNNEL - MED. CLOSE SHOT - GROUP
text: Favoring Dr. DuBrock and the scientists.
speaker_heading: DR. DuBROCK
dialog: They must have sighted it, too!
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - MARIAN NEST
text: The indlvidual electro-magnetic envelopes expand, merge
text: and grow rapidly to form blue-tinged bubbles clinging
text: to the ground, still expanding. Racing up from each
text: machine to form part of an over-all canopy.
speaker_heading: LOUDSPEAKER VOICE
text: Fifteen seconds to zero.
text: Thin blue-colored jets stand like rods above the
text: trees, pulsating furiously, lifting the envelopes
text: until they are enormous billows in the sky. Every-
text: thing inside them takes on a different color.
dialog: 237.
dialog: 238.
scene_heading: FLASH CUTS - ABOUT THE MOUTH OF THE TUNNEL
text: Everyone sheltering behind the breastworks and in
text: the cul-de-sacs and behind vehicles in the tunnel.
dialog: Clayton, Sylvia, the scientists - Navy, Army, Air
dialog: Force brass, Foreign representatives, cameramen,
text: tense and goggled. The yellow-breasted oriole, still
dialog: singing.
speaker_heading: LOUDSPEAKER VOICE
dialog: (Measured - clear)
text: Ten seconds to zero.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUTH OF TUNNEL - FULL SHOT
dialog: Pacific-Tech men in f.g. Everybody without goggles
text: turns away, head bent. All duck behind sandbags.
speaker_heading: LOUDSPEAKER VOICE
dialog: Nine - eight - seven - six - five -
dialog: four - three - two - one - ZERO!
text: A blinding flash of light murders all color.
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - MARTIAN NEST
text: A blunted spear of light has lanced out of the sky.
text: It explodes into a gigantic, reddish heat-flash.
text: An elephantine swirl of dust and smoke, shot with
text: orange and peach and pink, engulfs the Martian
text: Machines. Then comes the SOUND of a cataclysmic
text: explosion and the SCREAM of a great wind.
scene_heading: FLASH CUTS - EFFECT OF THE BOMB
text: a. Brass ducked behind sandbags. Dust, branches,
text: papers, debris slashing through the air.
dialog: b. A Signal Corps corporal, incautiously ex-
text: posed, being blown end-over-end.
text: c. The Radar Truck almost topples over under the
text: concussion of the blast, antenna torn loose
dialog: and falling.
text: da. Clayton, hanging onto sandbags with one hand,
text: clings to Sylvia with the other.
text: e. A FULL SHOT inside the tunnel. Every object
text: is limned sharply and brutally in the white-
text: hot glare of atomic fission. The deafening
scene_heading: ROAR of the explosion ECHOES and RE-ECHOES
dialog: 243.
text: along the tunnel.
text: f. Special Effect - the glare outlines a cowering
text: group inside a highway gas station as the
text: plate glass windows shatter over them.
scene_heading: g. A Series of CUTS - EARTHQUAKE EFFECT (STOCK).
text: A bus overturns - a car is wrecked - a house
text: and sheds collapse - utility poles sway, wires
text: snapping and sparking - buildings shudder and
text: shower masonry - bridges and oil derricks sway
text: and collapse - people flee, panic-stricken.
text: h. A hillside - families cower in the shelter of
text: rocks, stark faces to the glaring sky.
dialog: i. Special Effect (Matte painting). The San
dialog: Gabriel Hills, showing thousands upon thousands
text: of families massed in the barrancas and gul-
text: lies - a scene reminiscent of Mount Rubidoux
text: of an Easter morning. As the bomb glares, a
text: GASP of human terror and agony joins with the
text: ROAR of the great concussion wave.
text: j. The titanic mushrooming pillar of smoke and
text: dust obscures the Martian nest.
scene_heading: EXT. TUNNEL - MED. SHOT - GEN. MANN & OFFICERS
text: The General is at the field telephone. The blast
text: is swirling all around.
speaker_heading: GEN. MANN
dialog: (At phone - shouting)
dialog: Hello! Hello, there! What can
dialog: you see?
scene_heading: INT. FORWARD BUNKER - CLOSE SHOT
text: Two military observers - in concussion helmets and
text: anti-radiation suits - peering through periscope
text: slits in a heavily sandbagged bunker. Wind blows
text: dust in through the slits.
speaker_heading: OBSERVER
dialog: (Gasping - into phone)
dialog: It's beginning to clear out there, sir!
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - MARTIAN NEST - PERISCOPE VIEW
text: The blue envelopes are shrinking upon themselves,
text: going down, color deepening. They are unpunctured.
scene_heading: 244, INT. FORWARD BUNKER - CLOSE SHOT
text: The observer yells into his field telephone.
speaker_heading: OBSERVER
dialog: There's something moving...!
scene_heading: 245. SPECIAL EFFECT - MARTIAN NEST - MED. FULL SHOT
text: Out of the coiling dust and smoke a Martian machine
text: is gliding. Another follows. A third shows.
speaker_heading: OBSERVER'S VOICE
dialog: (Yelling)
dialog: They haven't even been touched!
scene_heading: 246. GROUP - GENERAL MANN, SCIENTISTS, CLAYTON AND SYLVIA
text: The Pacific-Tech men run into the breastwork, Clayton
text: and Sylvia with them. The suction blast whips and
text: swirls, dust filling the air. CAMERA FAVORS the
text: General, using field glasses.
speaker_heading: GENERAL MANN
dialog: (Shaken)
dialog: It didn't stop them...
speaker_heading: DR. PRYOR
dialog: They knew what to expect!
speaker_heading: DR. DuBROCK
dialog: (Excited)
text: They're way ahead of us electronically.
dialog: They've had the atom bomb and forgotten
dialog: it!
speaker_heading: GENERAL MANN
dialog: (Desperate)
dialog: Guns - tanks - bombs - they're like
dialog: toys against them. We can't go on
dialog: ordering men to attack...!
scene_heading: 247. WIDER ANGLE - GROUP - SYLVIA IN F.G.
dialog: Army, Navy and Air Force Brass coming over, listen-
text: ing, anxious. The wind fades.
speaker_heading: DR. PRYOR
dialog: They'll exterminate every living
dialog: thing!
scene_heading: DR. PENNINGTON
dialog: So what do we do -- run about like
dialog: ants until they hunt us down?
dialog: sylvia
speaker_heading: CAMERA
speaker_heading: GENERAL MANN
dialog: We'll establish a line and fight them
dialog: all the way back to the mountains!
scene_heading: DR. BILDERBECK
dialog: (Mildly again)
dialog: But it can end only one way
dialog: We're beaten.
text: looks at him, moves away. Clayton follows.
text: MOVES IN on Dr. DuBrock and Dr. Bilderbeck.
speaker_heading: DR. DuBROCK
dialog: (Quietly, looking out)
dialog: Six days, you said ... six days.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUTH OF TUNNEL - NEAR BREASTWORK
text: Featuring Sylvia, as Clayton comes to her. Dr.
text: DuBrock is approaching from b.g. Sylvia looks up
dialog: at the
text: empty branch where the oriole was perched.
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: Maybe they won't kill all the birds.
speaker_heading: DR. DuBROCK
dialog: Washington issued orders - in event the
dialog: A-bomb failed - immediately evacuate
dialog: all cities under attack!
dialog: (Looking out toward Martians)
dialog: And they're moving in on Los Angeles
dialog: now!
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: They'll stamp the city flat!
speaker_heading: DR. DuBROCK
dialog: (To Clayton)
dialog: If we take all the instruments we can
dialog: establish a base in the Rocky Mountains...
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: (Nodding - looking o.s.)
text: A forlorn hope - but there is a chance.
speaker_heading: GRATZMAN
dialog: It might give us time to search out
dialog: some weakness in the Martians.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: I believe we can get a lead from their
dialog: anaemic blood.
speaker_heading: DR. DuBROCK
dialog: (Glancing at Clayton)
dialog: You mean some biological approach...?
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: (Forcefully)
dialog: We know now that we can't beat their
dialog: machines -- but we can beat them!
dialog: (Looking o.s. again)
dialog: They are mortal beings...The only
dialog: question is whether we have time enough
dialog: to do anything!
speaker_heading: GRATZMAN
dialog: (To DuBrock)
dialog: If we get what transportation we can,
dialog: and pick up instruments and books
dialog: from Pacific-Tech...
speaker_heading: DuBROCK
dialog: (To Sylvia)
dialog: Could you help us? Drive for us?
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: Of course.
speaker_heading: DR. DuBROCK
dialog: (Hurrying o.s.)
dialog: Thank you!
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: (Quietly, watching Sylvia)
dialog: The Rockies...! You'd rather get
dialog: back to that big family of yours
dialog: in Minnesota, wouldn't you?
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: I wonder if they're going through
dialog: this too...?
text: Clayton looks at her sympathetically, not speaking.
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: (Going on)
dialog: I probably wouldn't be able to get
dialog: to them if I tried...
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: You'll be all right with us....
dialog: (Looking out again)
dialog: ...for as long as anybody's got!
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: (Touching his arm)
dialog: Don't let's lose each other.
text: He tucks a hand under her arm, reassuring, turning
text: away with her.
dialog: 249,
dialog: 250.
speaker_heading: SYLVIA
dialog: (Wryly, smiling)
dialog: Because then I really would feel lost!
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: FLASHES AND QUICK CUTS - SIRENS - (DAY)
scene_heading: a. CLOSE SHOT - Siren - City Hall in b.g. It
text: begins to blast, full-throated, screaming
dialog: its warning.
scene_heading: b. MEDIUM SHOT - Ext. Street Corner. Traffic
text: light in f.g. with air raid siren on top.
text: It starts to howl. ANGLE showing traffic
text: in b.g. Pedestrians turn quickly. Cars
text: drive erratically, pulling toward the curb.
text: c. Ext. Cornice of Office Bldg. A nest of sirens
text: on the rim of the roof, wailing.
scene_heading: d. MEDIUM SHOT - Ext. Cahuenga Pass at Freeway
text: Entrance. Sirens on a light pole take up the
text: warning. Cars head toward curbs, then speed
text: away, turning against traffic. Confusion.
text: e. MEDIUM SHOT - Ext. Firehouse. Sirens wail.
text: A red Underwriters sedan crashes out into the
dialog: street.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN STREET, LOS ANGELES
text: A police car coming slowly down the street. Red
text: blinker working. Siren going furiously. It has
text: a windshield sticker: Civil Defense.
text: Following the police car is a pick-up, with a loud-
text: speaker horn. A man with a Civil Defense armband
text: stands in the truck, shouting into mike.
speaker_heading: LOUDSPEAKER
dialog: Now listen carefully. This is a military
dialog: evacuation order. All populated areas are
dialog: to be abandoned. It is imperative that
dialog: you leave the city.
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT - ANOTHER ANGLE - FAVORING LOUDSPEAKER
scene_heading: TRUCK AND WARDENS
text: CAMERA MOVES with loudspeaker trucker. C.D. wardens,
text: wearing old-style steel helmets, shouting to pedes-
text: trians and cars. Some run to the houses. In b.g.
text: people dash from their homes, gathering up kids,
text: piling possessions on cars, yelling at one another.
dialog: 253.
text: A few cars spurt out of driveways and barrel off.
text: A chorus of wailing sirens overscene.
scene_heading: C.D. OFFICIALS - AD LIBS
dialog: (Over loudspeaker)
dialog: The Martians are coming - Take what you
dialog: can carry and get out — Take food and
dialog: water with you - Get away from all popu-
dialog: lated areas - Go to the desert or the
dialog: mountains - The City's being evacuated -
dialog: Get going for your lives!
scene_heading: EXT. FLASHES AND QUICK CUTS - STREET AND PLANT SCENES
speaker_heading: ALARM
text: Giant rubber, aircraft and cracking plants caught as
text: shifts break. Thousands of men racing for their
text: cars. Sirens SCREAMING o.s. (Second Unit with con-
text: cealed 16 mm camera. Stunt men beefing it up.)
scene_heading: FLASHES AND QUICK CUTS - EVACUATION EFFECT (1)
text: Everything moving from right to left on the screen -
text: all going one way, merged with FAST DISSOLVES. Haste
dialog: and urgency.
text: a. Low angle, cars flooding a highway. Bundles
text: on fenders, roofs. Rolling bumper to bumper,
dialog: fast.
text: b. People piling onto buses as they pull out,
text: toting suit cases and bundles.
text: c. Deserted ice-cream wagon, wheel broken, tipped
text: over against a wall. Kid on the back step,
text: stuffing himself with ice cream.
text: da. Sweating C.D. officials and cops waving
text: traffic past, urging it faster - faster.
text: e. Refugees cramming aboard a pullman.
text: f. Man crowding last bundle onto a car roof;
text: woman yelling at him from the car. As he
text: starts away, he sees he has a flat tire.
dialog: g. Ext. General Hospital. Nurses, internes,
text: evacuating stretcher and ambulatory cases to
dialog: ambulances in f.g.
text: h. A single line of refugees trudging over a
text: firebreak in the hills.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
dialog: 254.
dialog: 255.
dialog: 256.
dialog: 256-A
scene_heading: EXT. YARD BEHIND PACIFIC-TECH - (DAY)
text: Overscene is the distant SOUND of the Martian
text: approach - roaring explosions, the thunder of
text: destruction and gunfire. The scene itself is desper-
text: ate with urgency and activity. Scientists working
text: frantically to load books, heavy instruments, papers,
text: files - even a blackboard from which there is no
dialog: time to copy the formulae it bears. For transporta-
text: tion they have a small moving van, a school bus,
text: stake truck, two light pick-ups and four cars.
text: As we come into scene, the moving van roars past us
text: to the street. Beyond this, the last baggage is
text: being slammed aboard the yellow school bus. Dr.
text: DuBrock waves it away. It comes PAST CAMERA -
text: Sylvia driving - as Clayton climbs up behind the
text: wheel of the stake truck.
text: BY THE STAKE TRUCK
text: Clayton reaches for the starter button as Gratzman
text: hurries past.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: (Calling)
dialog: Gratzman! -- Gratzman! Did you
dialog: get those biotics?
speaker_heading: GRATZMAN
dialog: No. I thought you had them.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: All right. I'll get them!
dialog: (Drops off truck)
dialog: (Shouts to DuBrock)
dialog: Go ahead - go ahead! I'll catch
dialog: up with you.
text: He runs 0.s. Other vehicles start to move out as
text: their frantic loading is completed.
scene_heading: INT. LABORATORY - HIGH POTENTIAL BUILDING - (DAY)
text: The room is in a state of abandonment and disorder.
text: Clayton runs in. He grabs two big cartons, throws
text: out their contents and hurriedly loads them with
text: glass and packed plastic vials which have been left
text: on one of the benches. He starts out again.
scene_heading: YARD BEHIND PACIFIC-TECH
text: It is littered with discarded material. All the other
dialog: 257.
dialog: 258.
dialog: 259.
dialog: 260.
dialog: 261.
dialog: 262.
dialog: 263.
text: vehicles have gone when Clayton runs to the stake
dialog: truck.
dialog: yard,
text: the passenger seat.
text: screams away.
dialog: He is a lonely,
text: desperate figure in the empty
text: as he clambers aboard pushing his load across to
text: He starts the motor.
dialog: The truck
scene_heading: INT. TRUCK CAB - EXIT FROM YARD AND STREET
text: Motor roaring as Clayton steps on the gas.
text: gear, peering ahead, anxious
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET - (DAY)
dialog: He shifts
text: to overtake Sylvia.
text: The stake truck turning a corner onto a wide street,
dialog: rolling fast,
text: tires squealing.
text: Clayton's brakes go on.
scene_heading: INT. TRUCK CAB - FEATURING CLAYTON
text: Braking hard.
dialog: ahead.
text: Standing on everything.
dialog: Staring
scene_heading: WHAT HE SEES - EXT. CITY STREET - AND MOB
text: A mob has attacked and piled
text: Others are swarming all over
text: These vehicles begin to move
text: and bumpers. The mob rushes
scene_heading: STAKE TRUCK AND MOB
text: Men jump up at both sides of
text: the doors before Clayton can
scene_heading: INT. TRUCK - CLAYTON AND MEN
text: SHOOTING through the windshield.
text: from both sides of the cab.
scene_heading: STAKE TRUCK AND MOB - STREET
text: It is a strange mob.
dialog: Men and women.
text: aboard a P.E. bus.
text: a couple of taxis.
text: on, with men on roofs
dialog: the stake truck.
dialog: the cab,
dialog: back up.
text: wrenching open
dialog: Men attacking Clayton
dialog: Desperate. Piling
text: over the open sides of the now halted truck, while
text: Clayton fights behind the wheel.
text: A man slides into his place.
text: He is thrown out.
dialog: CAMERA PANS the mob,
text: fighting to get aboard - emptying the truck to make
dialog: room.
text: and papers shower down. The
text: Scientific instruments crash to the road.
dialog: Books
text: truck gets under way.
text: People hanging on outside are shoved off.
dialog: 264.
dialog: 266.
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT - BACK OF TRUCK
text: A well-dressed man is clinging to a rear corner,
text: perched precariously, holding a bag. Another man is
text: struggling, elbowing him to make his own hold secure.
scene_heading: WELL-DRESSED MAN
dialog: (Desperate)
dialog: Let me up there!
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (Shoving)
dialog: Get off!
scene_heading: WELL-DRESSED MAN
dialog: (Hanging on, gasping)
dialog: I'll give you five hundred dollars
dialog: for your place!
dialog: (Wild)
dialog: I'll make it a thousand! Two!
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (Shoving him off)
dialog: Money's no good no more, bud!
scene_heading: ROADWAY - FEATURING WELL-DRESSED MAN
text: His bag bursts open as he falls. Bills, gold coins,
text: jewelry spills out. He scrambles to pick up his money.
text: Running feet trample on it. Trample on him.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - MED. CLOSE SHOT - CLAYTON
text: He gets to his feet, winded, holding his ribs,
text: gazing after the truck. Stragglers run past him.
text: Only the well-dressed man is left behind, still
text: grabbing for his valuables. Clayton gets his
text: breath, looks around.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT - WELL-DRESSED MAN
text: Strewn on the pavement is the precious debris the
text: mob left. The shattered barrel of an electron micro-
text: scope - biochemical vials, spilled and shattered -
dialog: electric induction furnace - laboratory cameras -
dialog: electronic tubes - microscopes - books - the jars
dialog: and containers of organic chemistry. The well-
text: dressed man is scrabbling among this wreckage as
text: Clayton comes into SCENE.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: (Still gasping)
dialog: Did that mob grab the truck ahead
dialog: of me?
text: The man glances at him but doesn't answer. Clayton
text: moves nearer.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON (Cont'd)
dialog: (Desperate)
dialog: Hey - there were a lot of Pacific-Tech
dialog: men with those trucks! Did you see them?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: I don't know. There was fighting
text: up the street.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: (Still moving in)
dialog: Did the mob get a school bus? A
text: girl was driving it.
text: The man is on his knees, grabbing, panting.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: If they saw it, they took it! They
dialog: take anything on wheels. You can't
dialog: buy transportation for love or money...
dialog: (Pausing)
dialog: Money...!
scene_heading: 268. ANOTHER ANGLE - FAVORING WELL-DRESSED MAN
text: He sits back on his haunches, looking at the bills
text: and coins in his hand. He looks from the bag to
text: Clayton and back again, suddenly shaken and terribly
text: shocked.
scene_heading: WELL-DRESSED MAN
dialog: My whole life's savings...Now it
dialog: won't even buy a ride on a truck!
text: Slowly he stands up. Suddenly he grabs a big fistful
text: of bills and jewels from the bag.
scene_heading: WELL-DRESSED MAN
dialog: (Twisted)
dialog: You want five thousand dollars...
dialog: ten...twenty?
dialog: (Tosses bills toward Clayton,
dialog: throws down the bag)
dialog: Help yourself -- there's a hundred
dialog: thousand in there!
text: He turns and starts after the mob. Clayton eyes the
text: ruin around him. He picks up a shattered microscope,
text: looking from it to the way he has come. Again he
text: looks at the debris of the instruments, hopeless. He
dialog: 270.
text: turns to the way he was traveling and lets the micro-
text: scope fall from his hand as he starts away, beginning
text: to run. CAMERA ANGLES to PICK UP the money and broken
text: instruments. It MOVES CLOSE on the shattered micro-
dialog: scope as we
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: EXT. FARTHER ALONG THE STREET (1) - (DAY)
text: Deserted. Late afternoon shadows. Littered with
text: dropped garments. Doors stand open. Curtains flap
text: at windows. Clayton is running, glancing back as an
text: old, open car rattles into scene. Loaded with three
text: families, their kids and two barking dogs. Bundles
text: and baggage tied all over it. Clayton thumbs for a
text: ride. Sprints and tries to leap on the running board.
text: Hands shove him off. He falls. The car clatters on.
text: Clayton gets up off the road and begins to run again.
text: Two more cars come past CAMERA and race by him, over-
text: loaded, driven recklessly.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: EXT. FARTHER ALONG THE STREET (2) - (EVENING)
text: Clayton dog-trots into scene. It is beginning to get
text: dark. We see debris from a hasty road-block placed
text: by a mob - chairs, settee, furniture dragged out of
text: a nearby store. To the side of the road is one of
text: the pickups from Pacific-Tech, distinguished by its
text: color, overturned, its load spilled, wheels buckled,
text: jammed between a telephone pole and shop front.
text: Strewn on the road are piles of papers, books, files
text: and instruments thrown off the other Pacific-Tech
text: vehicles. Clayton stares around, sees something and
text: hurries to pick up a yellow board: SCHOOL BUS -
text: Southridge. He holds it, looking around. The road is
text: scattered with baggage thrown off the little bus. A
text: car streaks past, heavily laden and going fast. Three
text: bicyclists follow, pedaling hard, possessions tied all
text: over themselves and their machines. One wobbles, but
text: recovers. Clayton starts forward, hesitates, still
text: holding the yellow board.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: (Suddenly shouting)
dialog: DuBrock!
dialog: (And then - wilder)
dialog: Bilderbeck -- DuBrock! SYLVIA!
text: No answer. He looks up at the sky and the unearthly
text: flicker of the Martian rays. He glances at the
text: board again. The first drops of rain hit it, driz-
text: zling down. He drops it across the curb, moves
dialog: 274.
text: away toward the broken barrier, turning up his coat
dialog: collar.
text: CAMERA DOLLIES IN on the school bus sign, lying in
text: the gutter.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: FLASHES & QUICK CUTS - EVACUATION (2) - (NIGHT)
text: The rain has stopped. The streets are wet and
text: glistening.
text: a. Rooftops and utility poles silhouetted against
text: the smoky sky. Local explosions. Flashes of
text: Martian rays and beams.
text: b. Traffic thin, fast and frightened on a highway
text: out of the city.
text: c. Moving cars in CLOSER ANGLE. All overloaded.
dialog: Carrying extra riders wherever they can perch -
text: on fenders, bumpers, roofs.
text: da. Refugees running down the cloverleaf off
text: a freeway.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: EXT. CITY INTERSECTION - FAVORING CLAYTON - (NIGHT)
text: A traffic light, not working. A mailbox overturned.
text: There is a broken suitcase at one end of a rain-
text: washed bus bench. Clayton enters, pausing by the
text: bench. He is sweating, irresolute, as he looks
text: around, breathing hard. He's worn out, walking on
text: his heels. An MP Jeep - two MPs in it - rolls into
text: SHOT, coming past the intersection. The driver sees
text: Clayton, brakes hard.
speaker_heading: M.P. DRIVER
dialog: Hey, you! Better get outa here!
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: I'm looking for some Pacific-Tech
dialog: professors...
speaker_heading: M.P. DRIVER
dialog: There's nobody left around here
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: (Half to himself, desperately)
dialog: We had a chance...We could have
dialog: stopped them!
dialog: 275.
dialog: 277.
dialog: (To the staring M.P.'s)
text: The mob stole the trucks and smashed
dialog: everything up. The fools! They cut
dialog: their own throats!
speaker_heading: OTHER M.P.
dialog: He's nuts. C'mon - jump in!
text: The MP's look up.
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - SKY - ABOVE INTERSECTION
text: An overshot ray from some Martian machine slashes the
text: air, high overhead. Squealing, pulsating. Vicious.
text: Seen beyond the power and phone wires.
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - QUICK CUTS AND FLASHES - LOS ANGELES
scene_heading: CIVIC CENTER AND MARTIAN MACHINES
text: a. Civic Center. Streets empty. Martian
text: machines active in distant b.g.
text: b. Martian machines, belly-deep in flame,
text: rays and beams working.
text: c. CLOSE ON a Martian machine among collapsing,
text: burning buildings. It sends a beam slanting
dialog: upward.
text: d. CLOSE ON City Hall. Its top section is hit
text: by the beam it falls, disintegrating into
text: colored dust.
scene_heading: INTERSECTION WITH SIGN - FAVORING CLAYTON
text: The MP's are half-ducking from the menace of the
text: overshot ray.
speaker_heading: M.P. DRIVER
dialog: Hurry up! Jump in!
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: (Appealing)
dialog: There was a girl with them...If I
dialog: could find her....
speaker_heading: OTHER M.P.
dialog: Jump in here, will you?
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: She's kind of lost.
speaker_heading: M.P. DRIVER
dialog: You look kinda lost yourself.
dialog: 276.
dialog: 279.
dialog: 281.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: (Looking o.s. - suddenly
dialog: remembering)
dialog: But I think I know where she'll be....
speaker_heading: OTHER M.P.
dialog: C'mon, c'mon! It's your last chance
dialog: to get outta here!
text: Clayton waves the jeep away and it roars off. He
text: starts in the direction from which the jeep came,
text: beginning to run.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - EXT. STREET (Same as 270) - (NIGHT)
text: CAMERA is CLOSE on a muddy puddle of rainwater in the
text: gutter. Floating in the muck is the yellow sign:
text: SCHOOL BUS - SOUTHRIDGE. Angrily reflected on the
text: surface of the water is the glaring sky, rays slashing,
text: flames and explosions towering. Silent, except for
text: the b.g. ROAR of destruction. No light except the
text: glare from the sky. CAMERA PULLS BACK as the long,
text: wavering shadow of a man moves across the sidewalk,
text: looming larger and closer. His FOOTSTEPS ECHO in the
text: deserted street. Then his feet enter the SHOT and
text: pause by the puddle and the yellow board. CAMERA MOVES
text: UP to disclose Clayton in CLOSE figure, looking down
text: at the sign. Slowly he looks OFF. CAMERA PANS away
text: from him to show the street beyond. Smashed windows
text: and looted shops. Cracked-up, abandoned vehicles.
text: Discarded bundles. A jalopy has overturned against a
text: fire hydrant and water geysers high in the air. Clay-
text: ton re-enters the SHOT, running a little way, walking
text: a little, then running again. He looks around as he
text: goes, seeking a clue.
speaker_heading: OUT
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - CLOSE MOVING SHOT - CLAYTON
text: Breathing hard, sweating. No life anywhere. Sprat
text: from the broken hydrant drips from him. He trots
text: toward a nearby corner.
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - EXT. STREET CORNER - FULL SHOT
text: A REVERSE ANGLE, SHOOTING along a side street from
text: the corner. Clayton enters, f.g., stops by a lamp
text: post, looking ahead. Along the dimly lit street is
text: a church. Faint light shows at the windows. Above
dialog: 281la.
dialog: 282.
dialog: 282a.
text: and beyond it is a burning ray-shot sky. As Clayton
text: starts toward it, the distant SOUND OF VOICES SINGING
text: is heard.
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - EXT. CHURCH & STREET - FULL SHOT
text: A DOWN SHOT from high alongside the church steeple
text: and belfry. The dark, Gothic outline of the tower
text: looms huge in f.g. Below in the distance, the tiny
text: figure of Clayton uncertainly approaches the church
text: over the glistening pavement. The MUSIC of the
text: VOICES GROWS LOUDER, but muffled and ECHOING through
text: the structure of the steeple.
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCH - MED. FULL SHOT (MOVING SHOT)
text: Clayton stumbles from f.g. toward the steps and doors
text: of the church, CAMERA FOLLOWING. The MUSIC of the
text: HYMN SWELLS, but is still muffled and indistinct.
text: He climbs the steps, pushes open the doors. The
text: MUSIC SWELLS to full volume, VOICES joined in suppli-
text: cation to God. No one is seen but Clayton.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH (MOVING SHOT)
text: CAMERA is CLOSE on Clayton as he opens the doors
text: and pauses, looking off. The SINGING reaches a
text: CRESCENDO and dies away. The SHOT WIDENS and CAMERA
text: PANS with Clayton to people standing near the door.
text: Light in the church comes from kerosene lamps and
text: candles placed wherever they will stand - on pew-ends,
text: window-ledges. CAMERA FOLLOWS Clayton, as he looks
text: anxiously about. The congregation is a scattered
dialog: gathering of distressed humanity. Those who couldn't
dialog: run - children, cripples, the sick, aged - and those
dialog: who felt it was useless to run. They make groups
text: and clusters in the aisles and benches and pews. The
dialog: church is full of quiet movement - first-aid for the
text: injured, water for the faint, comforting children,
text: soothing babies. The VOICE OF the MINISTER is lifted
text: in prayer. Mumbled 'Amens' join, above the RUMBLE
text: of destruction, growing with the Martian advance.
speaker_heading: MINISTER'S VOICE (0.s.)
dialog: We humbly beseech Thy divine guidance,
dialog: © Lord. Deliver us from the fear which
dialog: has come upon us - the evil that draws
dialog: ever nearer - from the terror that will
dialog: soon knock at the very door of this, Thy
dialog: house. We pray Thee, Lord - grant us
dialog: the miracle of Thy divine intervention....
text: Clayton begins to back out. A Deacon catches
text: his arm.
dialog: 283a.
speaker_heading: DEACON
dialog: (Pale, calm - whispering)
dialog: It's useless to run, brother. Stay
dialog: with us.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: (Whispering in reply)
dialog: I'm looking for someone...She'll be
text: in a church, near the door.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - STREET SHOTS & MARTIAN MACHINES
text: a. Clayton running down a street toward
text: flaming sky.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
dialog: b. Ext. Boulevard & Martian machine. Looking
text: along the boulevard. A machine visible a
text: block away, flames and falling buildings be-
text: hind and around it. Clayton cuts across,
dialog: running.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. SECOND CHURCH - MOVING SHOT - (NIGHT)
text: CAMERA is CLOSE on a statue of St. Anthony with the
text: Infant Jesus, dimly lit by flickering candles. CAMERA
text: MOVES BACK, showing scores of votive candles all banked
text: around the statue. The congregation is saying the
text: Rosary. Clayton enters shot, looking around. CAMERA
text: MOVING, he passes through the crowded room. Two el-
text: derly women with Red Cross armbands are helping dis-
text: tressed and injured people. As Clayton goes past them,
text: CAMERA PAUSES and MOVES IN on a particular group. The
text: Red Cross woman steps away, disclosing Bilderbeck,
text: looking off after Clayton. He is lying on the floor
text: near a rack of hymn books and prayerbooks. He is
text: pale, clutching a stained, bloody bandage against his
dialog: side.
speaker_heading: BILERBECK
dialog: Clayton...!
text: Clayton moves sharply into SCENE, bending over him.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: Bilderbeck! Are you all right...?
dialog: (Bilderbeck shrugs
dialog: weakly)
dialog: Where are the others?
dialog: 284.
dialog: 284a.
dialog: 285.
dialog: 285a.
text: Clayton tries to make him comfortable.
speaker_heading: BILDERBECK
dialog: A mob swarmed all over us. I don't
dialog: know what happened to the others.
dialog: I got knocked under our truck.
dialog: (Whispering as Clayton
dialog: pillows his head)
dialog: There's nothing you can do for me....
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: What about Sylvia?
speaker_heading: BILDERBECK
dialog: I didn't see her, Clayton....
text: Both look o.s. as a Martian ray SCREAMS outside, its
text: light catching their faces.
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - CITY SECTION & MARTIANS
text: Martian machines loom through the smoke. A heat-ray
text: hits a row of buildings, turning them white-hot.
text: They flare and change to gray ash. The ray reaches
text: out beyond them, SCREAMING.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - CLOSE MOVING SHOT - CLAYTON
text: Amidst an inferno of flashing light and the THUNDER
text: of a city being destroyed, Clayton proceeds along
text: the street toward the Martians.
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - ANOTHER STREET
text: As Clayton runs into it, checks. The sky is red and
text: lurid. The night is filled with CRASHINGS and ROAR-
text: ING. A ray fires the tip of a tall building. A
text: skeleton beam hits another. It collapses, falls. A
text: Martian machine comes into sight, ray slashing. The
text: ray swings toward Clayton, in f.g. He jumps frantic-
text: ally. Flames envelope the SCENE. Huge falling blocks
text: of building stone blank out the SCREEN.
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - CLOSEUP CLAYTON
text: In the lurid glare of the heat-ray, falling masonry
text: is blocking off the SHOT. Then, as Clayton is dis-
text: closed, cowering in a doorway, the REFLECTION of the
text: street shows in the plate glass window behind him.
text: Choking dust and debris almost obscure everything.
text: The ROAR and RUMBLING is overpowering. Clayton looks
text: around frantically. He sees:
dialog: 286.
dialog: 289.
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - EXT. COMMUNITY CHURCH - FULL SHOT
text: From Clayton's VIEWPOINT. Up the street is a church
text: with a white cross on the outside, lit by pot-flares.
text: Buildings beyond it are aflame and falling. It stands
text: in the very path of the Martian advance, as their
text: machines race nearer.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. COMMUNITY CHURCH
text: The CRASH and growing ROAR of falling buildings and
text: explosions sounds overscene, drawing always nearer.
text: The windows are full of crimson glare, almost drowning
text: the light of storm lantern and lamps. A mixed con-
text: gregation kneels wherever there is space to kneel.
text: Bums with nothing. Gray-haired women in bedraggled
text: fur coats. Young. Old. Lame. Blind. Weary people,
text: some still clinging to bags and bundles. The VOICE
text: of the REV. BETHANY comes over scene.
scene_heading: REV. BETHANY'S VOICE
dialog: (Vibrant, not loud)
dialog: God never leaves us, no matter how
dialog: dark the hour - how deep our despair.
dialog: we are told - have faith and ye shall
dialog: be saved!
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE - FAVORING REV. BETHANY
text: A strong-faced man, a leader, seen in the glow of a
text: kerosene lamp, wearing surplice. Beyond him is the
text: space for the choir, sparsely occupied, a boy in the
text: f.g. The SCREAM of a ray comes from overhead. Its
text: light makes an added glare. The Rev. Bethany raises
text: his arms. Not ranting. Sure in his faith. Under
dialog: great stress.
scene_heading: REV. BETHANY
dialog: (Supplicating)
dialog: In our peril we plead! Succor and
dialog: comfort us in this hour.
dialog: (Almost whispering)
dialog: Please God....
text: He lowers his arms. A terrifying, rattling explosion
text: sounds nearby. We hear the vicious screech of a
text: skeleton ray and the chuting roar of falling masonry.
text: Rev. Bethany signs toward the choir.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - CHOIR BOY
text: Tears on his cheeks. Scared to death. Lips trembling.
text: But his clear soprano sounds.
speaker_heading: CHOIR BOY
dialog: (Singing)
dialog: Abide with me
dialog: 
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT - INT. COMMUNITY CHURCH
text: The congregation picks up the hymn, the Rev. Bethany's
text: voice coming strongly. CAMERA TRUCKS the congregation.
text: Sudden flashes burn at the windows. Crackings and
text: roarings increase overscene, racing closer. Some people
text: glance from the corners of their eyes. Some cling to
text: one another, shuddering at the high-pitched sounds of
text: Martian rays. They know any moment may be the last.
scene_heading: CAMERA PICKS UP:
text: a. Elderly couple holding hands,
dialog: singing the hymn, and waiting
dialog: patiently for the end.
text: b. Rev. Bethany, out of his pulpit,
text: putting a comforting arm around
dialog: the choir boy.
text: c. Stained-glass windows, aflame and
text: brilliant from the glare of a ray
text: passing outside.
dialog: d. | Young husband and wife with two kids,
text: seven and four years old. The parents
dialog: have their arms about them. The little
text: girl has an arm around her brother. She
dialog: is praying: “Set four angels round my
dialog: bed...one to watch...and one to pray...
dialog: and two to carry my soul away." The
text: mother bites her lip. Her husband kisses
text: her. They cling to each other.
text: CAMERA PICAS UP Clayton searching frantically, try-
text: ing to push in past people, beginning to lose hope.
text: CAMERA MOVES ON. We see a doctor doing what he can
text: for sick and injured. As CAMERA MOVEMENT CONTINUES
text: the overscene noises begin almost imperceptibly to
text: diminish, as though the Martian advance is myster-
text: iously slowing. Finally, CAMERA PICKS UP Sylvia.
text: Kneeling a little way in from the church porch.
text: Beyond her is a stained-glass window of St. Peter.
text: The SOUND from outside is lessening all the time.
text: CAMERA MOVES CLOSE on Sylvia. Praying softly. As
dialog: she prayed when she was small. We don't need to
dialog: hear the words. We know what she is asking when we
text: see the light that comes in her face as she hears:
dialog: 291.
dialog: 294,
speaker_heading: CLAYTON'S VOICE
dialog: Sylvia....... !
text: She whirls around and comes upright. CAMERA ANGLE
text: WIDENS. Clayton takes her in his arms, just as
text: the stained glass window is momentarily lit by an
text: orange glare. Loud in the strange and sudden quiet
text: comes a tremendous explosion. Colored glass showers
text: in from the window, but the haloed head of St. Peter
text: remains intact. So do his keys. Woodwork, masonry
text: and dust spill down from the roof. People scatter
text: from it, moving out of SCENE PAST CAMERA with
text: Clayton and Sylvia. CAMERA PANS and HOLDS on the
text: congregation as the hymn dies out. Now it is al-
text: most completely quiet. People begin to rise. Lis-
text: tening, turning to gaze o.s. Some begin to move to
text: the doorway and steps outside.
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCH STEPS - MED. SHOT
text: Sylvia and Clayton are standing on the steps. Still.
text: Listening with everyone else. The Doctor comes for-
text: ward to look out. Sylvia gasps suddenly, holding
text: tightly to Clayton. A woman near her points o.s.,
text: SCREAMING wildly.
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - CHURCH & STREET - FULL SHOT
text: A Martian machine is coming from the corner of the
text: block. Rolling toward the church, filthy with dust,
text: tangled with every sort of debris. Ugly and enormous,
text: rays flickering into the air. It blunders into a
text: building. Comes on.
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCH - MED. SHOT
text: Everyone still, staring fearfully off at the machine.
text: Faces lit by the shuddering glare of nearby flames.
text: The Rev. Bethany shows in b.g., coming forward,
text: gazing out.
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - MARTIAN MACHINE (2)
text: Its colors dimmed, muddy. Foul with earth and oil
text: streaks. Dribbling debris. Rays lick weakly, fading.
text: It blunders into and breaks overhead wires and cables.
text: A telephone pole smashes down under it. Fallen wires
text: are entangled underneath, burning and smoking in the
text: sputtering high-frequency beam-legs. The beams flick-
text: er, off and on. The machine rocks as its supports
text: falter. It crashes to the street.
dialog: 294a.
dialog: 295.
dialog: 297.
dialog: 298.
dialog: 299.
dialog: 300.
dialog: 301.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - MED. CLOSE SHOT - MARTIAN MACHINE
text: An aperture slowly splits open. The hand and arm
text: of a Martian struggle partly out, reaching and clawing.
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCH - MED. CLOSE SHOT
text: Everyone staring, full of fear and wonder. The Rev.
text: Bethany joins Clayton and Sylvia.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - CLOSE SHOT - MARTIAN
text: The triple-suckered hand is reaching out, trying to
text: find a grip. We see the protruding veins, their
text: pulsation weakening, slowing.
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCH - MED. CLOSE MOVING SHOT
text: Clayton moves out. The Doctor follows with Sylvia.
text: The Rev. Bethany moves out. Others follow. Clayton
text: pauses, looking o.s. Others look with him.
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - EXT. STREET - FULL SHOT
text: F.g. is the machine on the pavement. Beyond at a cor-
text: ner, is another, heat-ray flicking wildly. It lurches
text: against a building, caroms off, blunders into another
text: and moves out of sight.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET & CHURCH - FULL SHOT
text: A REVERSE ANGLE, with the downed Martian machine in
text: f.g. People from the church begin to approach the
text: machine, but they are wary and keep their distance.
text: Clayton leads the way with the Doctor. Suddenly
text: Clayton gestures and they all stop and look off
text: past the f.g. machine.
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - EXT. DEVASTATED STREET - MED. SHOT
text: A Martian machine almost enveloped in flames, moving
text: slowly. Its beam-legs flicker. It sinks down.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET & MARTIAN MACHINE - MED. CLOSE SHOT
text: Clayton steps forward again.
speaker_heading: CLAYTON
dialog: (Looking off - exclaiming)
dialog: 302.
dialog: 303.
dialog: 304a.
dialog: Something's happening to them!
text: He looks down at the veined arm extending from the
text: opening in the machine.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - MARTIAN & GROUP
text: SHOOTING across the Martian's arm in f.g. The skin
text: of the arm is losing its ruddy color. The pulsation
text: of the veins has slowed. The clutching of the hand
text: lessens. The arm becomes brownish-yellow. The hand
text: stills. Clayton and the Doctor, b.g. move closer.
text: The Doctor kneels by the Martian, touches the yellow
dialog: flesh.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET & CHURCH - MED. FULL SHOT
text: People streaming from the church and the street
text: beyond. Staring. Inching forward.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET & MACHINE - GROUP - (MOVING SHOT)
text: The Doctor straightens up from his examination of
text: the Martian. There is a strained look of awe on
text: his face as he looks off toward the now silent city.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: (Low-voiced)
dialog: We were all praying for a miracle...
text: The SHOT WIDENS to include the forefront of the
text: crowd. Reverend Bethany, the choir boy, Clayton,
text: Sylvia, all waiting on his words. They, too,
text: look off, listening.
scene_heading: SERIES OF CUTS - COLLAPSE OF THE MARTIANS
dialog: a. Special Effect - Ext. Viaduct (as previously).
dialog: Flames of the burning oil reservoir previous-
text: ly destroyed. The Martian machine sinks to
dialog: the ground.
dialog: b. Special Effect - Ext. City Hall District (as
text: previously). Rays and beams in the smoke-filled
text: sky grow weak, flicker and stop. There is
dialog: silence.
dialog: c. Special Effect - Ext. Street (as previously).
text: Wreckage everywhere. Smoke-laden sky.
text: Devastated buildings. Flames. Two Martian
text: machines prone on the street, color fading.
text: A jeep races through down the street, dodging
dialog: obstacles.
dialog: 304b.
dialog: 304c.
dialog: d. Special Effect - San Gabriel Hills (as previous-
text: ly). The thousands of families huddled in the
text: barrancas and gullies are turned, facing the
text: holocaust in the distant city. A last few
text: rays streak the sky, then cease. A BABBLE of
text: VOICES grows into an inarticulate hosanna.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - MED. CLOSE SHOT
text: The Doctor is center of the group.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: After everything men could do has
dialog: failed - the Martians are being killed
dialog: by the littlest things that God, in
dialog: His wisdom, has put upon the earth.
text: People are looking at him. At one another.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: (Quietly)
dialog: The Martians come from a sterilized
dialog: world. They have no resistance to
dialog: diseases from which we are immune.
dialog: (To Reverend Bethany)
text: This one died of septicema. Anaerobic
dialog: baccili.
dialog: (To Clayton - grim, glad)
text: An embolism of his overdeveloped brain
text: has burst an artery - killed him and
dialog: saved us! They're doomed - all of
dialog: them. Germ are killing them!
text: CAMERA MOVES IN on the faces of the crowd. Hardly
text: believing what has happened. Beginning to hope.
text: Wonder and gladness growing.
scene_heading: REVEREND BETHANY
dialog: Saved by the littlest things God made...!
speaker_heading: DOCTOR'S VOICE
dialog: Once they are infected, it's quick --
dialog: twenty-four hours. It's hit all these
dialog: at about the same time.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET & CHURCH - MED. SHOT - (PAN SHOT)
text: Near the church, the MP jeep speeds in, braking as
text: it nears the people. They jump aside, leaving a
text: lane to the fallen Martian machine. CAMERA PANS
text: with the jeep. Half-standing, the MP Driver and
text: his PFC aide yell orders, gesticulating, faces grim.
speaker_heading: MP DRIVER
dialog: 304d.
dialog: 304e.
dialog: 304f.
dialog: 306.
dialog: Keep to your shelters - stay in your
dialog: shelters! Everybody back!
speaker_heading: OTHER MP
dialog: There's still danger - wait for orders!
speaker_heading: MP DRIVER
dialog: You'll get orders!
text: The jeep stops beside the main group. The two MPs
text: jump out, guns at the ready, and advance to the
dialog: dead Martian.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - GROUP
text: Clayton, Sylvia, Rev. Bethany, Doctor. Breathless,
text: eyes questioning mutely.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP MP DRIVER
text: He rises and turns toward the group.
speaker_heading: MP DRIVER
dialog: (Understanding their
dialog: tension)
dialog: Nothing official yet -- but it looks
text: like it's over. First reports are
text: they're folding up in droves all
dialog: over the world!
text: He grins and wipes his brow.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP CHOIR BOY
text: He draws a breath, eyes shining.
speaker_heading: CHOIR BOY
dialog: (Singing - clear)
dialog: Now thank we all our God...
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - BELFRY & CITY - FULL SHOT
text: As the words of the ancient hymn swell OVERSCENE
text: from a myriad throats, bells begin to peal through
text: the smoke and ruin of the devastated city.
speaker_heading: VOICES
dialog: (Singing)
text: ...With heart and hand and voices,
dialog: Who wondrous things hath done...
scene_heading: EXT. STREET & CHURCH - CROWD (MOVING SHOT)
text: Some singing. Some in silent prayer. Some in silent
text: ecstasy. The young husband hugging his kids. An old
text: woman all alone, singing softly with the others, eyes
text: turned to heaven. They start to move toward the
text: church. CAMERA PICKS UP IN CLOSE SHOT, Clayton and
text: Sylvia. She is radiant. He smiles, holding her gaze
text: as he takes off his glasses, folds them and puts them
text: in his pocket, bending to her. She takes his arm,
text: smiling up at him. They move after the crowd. She
text: starts to sing as they go.
scene_heading: SPECIAL EFFECT - EXT. STREET & CITY BEYOND
text: CAMERA SHOOTING DOWN into the street as the crowd
text: moves toward the church. Almost unconsciously, people
text: have formed a lane, along which the small figures of
text: Clayton and Sylvia walk. CAMERA PANS UP the facade
text: of the church to the belfry, where bells begin to ring
text: out, joining the chorus of SOUND from the VOICES and
text: other belfrys. CAMERA PANS ACROSS burned, smoking
text: buildings to an untouched sector of the city - CROSSING
text: other belfrys with their ringing BELLS. A dawn sun is
text: rising beyond rooftops as the SINGING VOICES end in a
dialog: great "AMEN."
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
