dialog: 
speaker_heading: THE KINGDOM
dialog: Written by
scene_heading: MATTHEW MICHAEL CARNAHAN
dialog: 8/18/2006
scene_heading: 1 OMITTED - SEE 68A 1
scene_heading: 2 INT. WASHINGTON, DC ELEMENTARY SCHOOL - DAY 2
text: We're in a kindergarten classroom of 25 SIX YEAR OLDS. All
text: sitting on the floor, legs crossed. Sitting in front of the
text: kids is Little KEVIN FLEURY, flanked by his mom LYLA FLEURY
text: and his dad RONALD FLEURY, in a dark suit.
text: Little Kevin has a large cardboard square with pictures from
text: different stages of his life taped to it. He's telling the
dialog: class about the photos.
text: We're TIGHT ON the pictures. TIGHT ON the young faces. TIGHT
dialog: ON Fleury.
speaker_heading: KEVIN FLEURY
dialog: This is my Fredricksburg house and
dialog: my grandma Ruth playing with my
text: skateboard ramp. It's a Tony Hawk
dialog: jump ramp.
text: A little girl, MICK raises her hand.
speaker_heading: KEVIN FLEURY (CONT'D)
dialog: Mick?
dialog: Silence from Mick
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: I forgot what I was going to say.
text: Kevin points to another picture.
speaker_heading: KEVIN FLEURY
dialog: This is me at my second birthday
dialog: party with my mom and my dad.
dialog: That's my cake.
text: Fleury looks down sweet at his son.
speaker_heading: KEVIN FLEURY (CONT'D)
dialog: This is me with my mom at the zoo
dialog: and this is my dad and me and my
dialog: grandpa Willie.
text: Kevin points to another photo.
speaker_heading: KEVIN FLEURY (CONT'D)
dialog: And this is me and my dad and my
dialog: grandpa Willie at my dad's office.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 2.
text: The kids all lean forward and squirm as they try and get
text: closer to the pictures. MISS ROSS, the pretty twenty five
text: year old teacher watches from the side.
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: Where's your gun?
speaker_heading: LITTLE BOY
dialog: Yeah, where is your gun?
dialog: Pretty much all the kids get in on this now. Everyone wants
text: to see Fleury's gun. Fleury makes eyes at Miss Ross. She's
dialog: giving him a `no fucking way' hard eye.
speaker_heading: FLEURY
dialog: I'm assuming that there are no bad
dialog: guys in this room. Isn't that
dialog: right? I mean, are you guys good
dialog: guys or bad guys?
speaker_heading: THE WHOLE CLASS
dialog: GOOD GUYS!
speaker_heading: FLEURY
dialog: Right. So why would I have brought
dialog: my gun to a room full of good guys?
text: This silences the class. Miss Ross keeps things moving,
text: pointing to a photo.
speaker_heading: MISS ROSS
dialog: What's that picture?
speaker_heading: KEVIN FLEURY
dialog: This is me and my dad playing
text: Battleship at my dad's apartment.
text: Mick's hand goes back up.
speaker_heading: KEVIN FLEURY (CONT'D)
dialog: Mick?
speaker_heading: MICK
dialog: What is a battleship?
speaker_heading: KEVIN FLEURY
dialog: (abruptly)
dialog: My parents are divorced.
text: A beat. Lyla and Ron look down at Kevin, stalled...
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 3.
speaker_heading: KEVIN FLEURY (CONT'D)
dialog: But that's OK `cause the most
dialog: important thing is to know that
dialog: everybody loves each other.
text: This hits a bit hard on Lyla and Ron. Miss Ross jumps in.
speaker_heading: MISS ROSS
dialog: So, who's that in that picture up
dialog: on top?
speaker_heading: KEVIN FLEURY
dialog: That's my fish, his name is Jaws
dialog: and he's a really mean fish.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
scene_heading: 3 OMITTED - SEE 68A 3
scene_heading: 4 INT. WASHINGTON DC ELEMENTARY SCHOOL- CONTINUOUS 4
text: Kevin is still going strong.
speaker_heading: KEVIN FLEURY
dialog: My mommy is a Think Tank worker and
dialog: she is really, really smart. She
dialog: went to two colleges and has three
dialog: computers.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
scene_heading: 5 OMITTED - SEE 78A, 87 5
scene_heading: 6 INT. WASHINGTON DC ELEMENTARY SCHOOL - DAY 6
text: Kevin's pointing to a picture of Ronald holding him as a tiny
dialog: newborn.
speaker_heading: KEVIN FLEURY
dialog: This is the day that my daddy says
text: is the happiest day of his life.
speaker_heading: MISS ROSS
dialog: Really. His happiest day! Can you
dialog: tell us about that day, Mr. Fleury?
text: Fleury smiles, looks out at the class.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 4.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: I sure can. That was December 4th
dialog: and that was the day that we spent
dialog: the whole day in the hospital
dialog: waiting for this guy right here to
text: come out of Kevin's mom's tummy.
dialog: And we waited and waited but he
dialog: wouldn't come and we kept waiting
dialog: and finally the doctor said
dialog: `OK...he's not gonna come out on
dialog: his own so we got to go get him.'
dialog: And well,
text: Fleury stops, checks in with Miss Ross.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY (CONT'D)
dialog: Can I tell this story?
speaker_heading: MISS ROSS
dialog: Go for it.
speaker_heading: RONALD Fleury
dialog: So they take her and put her on a
dialog: special bed and they give her some
dialog: medicine so she doesn't feel any
dialog: pain then they take out this tiny
dialog: little knife and make a tiny little
dialog: cut right here in her tummy.
text: The kids are mesmerized...
speaker_heading: MISS ROSS
dialog: Then what happened?
speaker_heading: RONALD Fleury
dialog: Then the doctor put her hands way
text: up into Kevin's mom's tummy. WAY
dialog: IN! And then you know what they
dialog: did?
text: A little girl, LU LU: WIDE EYED
speaker_heading: LU LU
dialog: What did they do?
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
text: They started to pull and pull and
dialog: pull... they had something in there
dialog: and it started coming and they were
dialog: pulling and the doctor all of the
dialog: sudden said "STOP!"
text: The class is frozen. Fleury has them.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 5.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY (CONT'D)
dialog: They stopped pulling and the doctor
dialog: looked up at me and said `Hey, Mr.
dialog: Fleury - you ready to have your
dialog: world rocked?' And I just stared at
dialog: her and she pulled this little head
dialog: up out of that belly. And it was
text: him. His head. And I looked down at
dialog: him and screamed "Kevin!!" And he
dialog: looked down at me and screamed
dialog: "Daddy!!"
dialog: The kids are howling!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 7 EXT. AN UNKNOWN ROOFTOP - LATE DAY 7
text: A Muslim family sits together at a table under a tented-
text: canopy: 32 year-old MAN nervously chewing on a toothpick, and
text: his 8 and 15 year-old SONS. The 8yo leans his weight into an
text: old MAN hunched and obscured by his grandson - this is his
text: Grandfather. He gently rubs the Boy's head with an ancient
text: left hand. The Boy finger-paints in Arabic script, right to
text: left, getting paint on the table. Read the translation: There
dialog: is no God but Allah.
text: The Grandfather's face is down, obscured by his shumagh: the
text: head-wrap worn by some Muslim men. Never a clear view of his
text: face. His 32 year old Son and eldest Grandson sit next to
text: them, the Son talking quietly on a cell phone, chewing that
text: toothpick, eyes set on something in the distance: A Security
text: Gate three hundred yards away, the entrance to some sort of
text: compound. The Compound looks like a walled-off subdivision,
dialog: most of which we can see from this high up.
text: The landscape is foreign. Scrub desert. Ten miles beyond, on
text: the horizon: the shimmer of a modern skyline. Surreal
text: monolithic shapes made more so by the heat.
text: Muted yells-claps-screams waft in from that Compound now...
text: Catches the youngest Grandson's attention. Eyes lift up from
text: his painting: the yells-claps-screams are coming from a
text: softball game mostly visible behind the Compound's reinforced
text: walls that extend a mile in each direction. Played on the
text: only stretch of green grass visible from this vantage.
speaker_heading: 8 OMITTED 8
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 6.
scene_heading: 9 EXT. COMPOUND MAIN ENTRANCE - LATE DAY 9
text: Sounds from the softball game much louder now, just over the
dialog: walls. Security perimeters two checkpoints deep before you
text: get to the main gate. A maze of concrete Jersey-barriers to
text: slow all entering vehicles: give machine-gun emplacements
text: flanking the entrance plenty of time to shred those vehicles
dialog: if need be. Middle-Eastern Police platoons. 500 lbs. lift-
text: gates to dissuade any vehicle that just tries to ram through.
text: SERGEANT HAYTHAM: a lean, 27 year-old Middle-Eastern
text: Policeman in-command of the Entrance. Sweats through his
text: uniform. A late-model Range Rover with blacked-out windows
text: queues up. All the windows roll down: just a single, portly
text: White WOMAN behind the wheel, her INFANT CHILD in a car-seat
text: in front. Two other Uniformed Officers mirror-scan the bottom
dialog: of the Rover.
text: A brief exchange, as Haytham checks his ID:
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: How are you today, Sergeant?
speaker_heading: HAYTHAM
text: Sun is shining. Wind is blowing.
dialog: How bad can I be doing?
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: I like that, "Sun is shining..."
text: A tight smile from Haytham.
text: The other Officers are checking the inside of the Rover now.
text: They nod to Haytham, Haytham hands the ID back to her.
text: Windows rolls up. Lift-gate goes up. Range Rover pulls away,
text: navigating the zig-zag jersey barriers.
scene_heading: 10 INT. COMPOUND - NEXT MOMENT 10
text: Stay with the Range Rover as it moves deeper into the
dialog: complex. Think middle-class Phoenix suburb circa 1960: stucco
text: homes sandwiched between dormitory style apartment blocks,
text: concrete and rock where grass should be.
text: The Range Rover passes a tank with a caged SOLDIER on top
text: sitting behind a fifty caliber GUN. A Police Land Cruiser
text: parked in the middle of the road is the last of the security.
text: Official markings, emergency lights in the grill.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 7.
scene_heading: 11 EXT. UNKNOWN ROOFTOP - SAME MOMENT 11
text: The Son studies the compound through binoculars, while the
text: youngest Grandson squints to study the softball game:
text: Interest cut with jealousy. More muted cheers float. Behind
text: and above him, his Grandfather's voice, rough as sand, to his
dialog: 32 year-old Son, in Arabic:
speaker_heading: GRANDFATHER (O.C.)
dialog: Hang up the phone. If they're not
dialog: ready now, no words will change it.
scene_heading: 12 EXT. COMPOUND SOFTBALL DIAMOND - NEXT MOMENT 12
text: Another Middle-Eastern POLICEMAN takes in the motley
text: competition: half-smiling, half-smirking at a plump-pink
text: White Man cheering on his plump-pink 9 year-old Son sliding
dialog: into third.
speaker_heading: WHITE MAN
dialog: GET DIRTY!
text: Safe. Clapping and Hoots. The PITCHER: an older White Man in
text: his middle forties visibly frustrated. A 25 year-old African-
text: American Batter steps to the plate now. Pitcher turns to his
dialog: Fielders:
speaker_heading: PITCHER
dialog: STEP IT UP NOW!
dialog: (back the Batter)
dialog: Ready for my knuckle-curve?
text: The Batter just stays focused as the Pitcher tosses a high-
text: lob. Batter smacks the ball a mile high, deep to left. The
text: teammates of the plump-pink Boy on third:
speaker_heading: TEAMMATES
text: TAG UP! WAIT `TIL SHE CATCHES IT-
speaker_heading: PITCHER
text: (spins, points up at the
dialog: ball)
speaker_heading: -COMIN' HOME!
text: A 14 year-old Indian girl sprints underneath the fly-ball:
text: sets up, catches it, juggles it, drops it.
text: We pick up different families on the grass nearby: A young
text: WOMAN helps her five year old DAUGHTER untangle a yo-yo. A
text: black COUPLE doing a crossword puzzle together, the wife's
text: head on her husband's lap.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 8.
scene_heading: 13 EXT. UNKNOWN ROOF TOP - SAME MOMENT 13
dialog: The muted reaction to the dropped ball. The whole Family,
text: save the youngest Grandson, intently focused on two Officers
text: walking up to that Police Land Cruiser parked in the middle
text: of the road, well inside the compound: no blinks now.
text: The youngest still enthralled by the softball game, the
text: cheers, the running, the shorts and t-shirts. We see his
text: Grandfather's left hand stop rubbing the Boy's head, and move
text: to the Boy's temple, placed like a blinder so he can't see
dialog: what's about to happen. In Arabic:
speaker_heading: GRANDFATHER
dialog: Don't stop watching the game.
scene_heading: 14 EXT. INSIDE THE COMPOUND WALLS - NEXT MOMENT 14
text: Noises from the softball game close again. Track these two
text: Officers on foot walking toward the Police Land Cruiser ala
text: shift change: nonchalant but quick.
scene_heading: 15 INT. POLICE LAND CRUISER - SAME MOMENT 15
text: The Driver eyeing the two approaching Officers: something off
text: about them. Uniforms wrinkled, one with a full beard. Driver
dialog: turns to his Partner, in Arabic:
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: You have a copy of the duty rost-
text: -POP-POP-POP before the Driver finishes. The Officers on foot
text: rapid-firing 9MM pistols. The Driver and Passenger hit
text: multiple times instantly, crumble lifeless in their seats
text: before anyone has time to process the sounds, link them to an
text: attack. The two firing `Officers' move low-fast like
dialog: professionals: rip the fresh bodies from the Cruiser, jump
text: in. The new Passenger rips an AR-15 rifle off the center
text: console. The new Driver lays rubber into the Compound.
scene_heading: 16 EXT. UNKNOWN ROOF TOP - SAME MOMENT 16
text: The youngest Grandson wide-eyed, startled, watches as every
text: member of the Security Details in and around the Compound go
text: prairie dog: search with necks extended, eyes wide -- what
text: the fuck was that? The Boy tries to turn his head away from
dialog: the game to look for himself: Grandfather just pushes his
text: head back to the game, voice harder now, in Arabic:
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 9.
speaker_heading: GRANDFATHER (O.C.)
dialog: I said keep watching the game.
scene_heading: 17 EXT. COMPOUND MAIN ENTRANCE - SAME MOMENT 17
text: Haytham instantly sprints toward another nearby Police Land
dialog: Cruiser as most everyone else ducks. In Arabic:
scene_heading: SERGEANT HAYTHAM
speaker_heading: LOCK DOWN!
text: Then points at the Officer in the Driver's seat:
speaker_heading: SERGEANT HAYTHAM (CONT'D)
speaker_heading: MOVE!
scene_heading: 18 EXT. COMPOUND SOFTBALL DIAMOND - SAME MOMENT 18
text: Game forgotten. Parents up, screaming for loved ones, moving
text: fast toward the parking lot. The Middle-Eastern Officer that
text: has been watching the game hustles onto the field, next to
text: the Pitcher, waves people toward him. Gathering but sporadic
text: gun-fire in very near distance.
speaker_heading: WATCHING OFFICER
dialog: (accented English)
dialog: COME TO ME! FOLLOW ME!
text: People immediately flocking around the authority figure.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: The 14 year-old Indian Girl running in, more puzzled than
dialog: scared: why is that Cop wearing a jacket in this heat?
speaker_heading: BACK TO:
text: The Officer rips a yellow gun-shape from his jacket pocket.
text: The Pitcher sees it, instinctively tries to rip it away from
text: him. Gets a handful of collar, pulls as violently as he can,
text: shreds the front of the Officer's coat: a white linen vest
text: with a bulge in-front underneath the jacket...
scene_heading: 19 EXT. UNKNOWN ROOF TOP - SAME MOMENT 19
text: The youngest grandson's wide-eyed face. Then we see the
text: Grandfather's right-hand slide down the other side of his
text: youngest Grandson's face, coming to rest on his other temple:
text: making sure he's still watching the Softball diamond now. The
text: Grandfather's right hand: missing an index and middle finger.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 10.
scene_heading: 20 EXT. COMPOUND SOFTBALL DIAMOND - SAME MOMENT 20
text: Panic. The Officer swings the yellow gun-shape, what we now
text: realize is an electric drill crudely modified into something
text: else, bashes the Pitcher's face with it. Those that had
text: gathered have turned, are sprint-stumbling away...
text: The Officer closes his eyes, depresses the drill trigger,
text: vanishes before we comprehend the massive release of blue-
text: black chaos, expanding in an ever-wider sphere. Immediate
text: surroundings dissolve: players, parents, stands, cars, the
text: light standards surrounding the field and parking lot.
scene_heading: 21 EXT. CINDER-BLOCK CONCESSION STAND - SAME MOMENT 21
text: Located behind straight-a-way center field, at the nexus of
text: four fields. We see it from profile as shock-wave and
text: shrapnel blast the structure: another Officer hiding behind
text: it staggers out now, sprawls ugly: balance fucked from a
text: blown inner-ear. He also wears a jacket, and holds a modified
text: yellow plastic power drill. Moves uneasy toward screams in
text: the nearby parking lot.
scene_heading: 22 EXT. SOFTBALL DIAMOND PARKING LOT - NEXT MOMENT 22
text: The off-balance Officer stops over a 30 year-old African-
text: American woman pinned under a Toyota. She hyperventilates,
text: her bare leg and open-toed sandal kick at air. The Officer's
text: breathing calms: the sight of exposed skin as divine
text: reassurance. CLOSE-UP: the vented rear of the drill as the
text: 14.4 volt motor sparks blue. A second blue-black explosion
text: that shreds the parking lot as cars smash into one another
text: desperate to escape.
scene_heading: 23 EXT. ADJACENT STREET - NEXT MOMENT 23
text: Panicked women walking dogs. Frozen. A Police Land Cruiser
text: with bullet-scarred windows roars around the corner. Stops
text: near the women. They smile: cavalry to the rescue. Then a man
text: with leans out the window with an AR-15: point-blank
text: staccato. Tracers exit bodies, drill asphalt. The Land
text: Cruiser rolls, spraying passing homes indiscriminate...
scene_heading: 24 INT. JACKED LAND CRUISER - NEXT MOMENT 24
text: Tearing through the streets, Passenger firing at all signs of
text: life. Sits back for a lightning-quick re-load. Leans back out
text: -- before he can begin firing again-
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 11.
scene_heading: 25 EXT. COMPOUND STREET - SAME MOMENT 25
text: -another Police Land Cruiser from nowhere hammers their
text: Driver's side. Vicious. The Passenger is launched out his
text: window, head-first into the curb. Both vehicles smoke-
text: screech. Momentary pause after the a massive collision.
text: Then Sergeant Haytham, 9MM in-hand, falls from the Second
text: Land Cruiser. Stalks bloody to the Passenger side of the
text: jacked Land Cruiser still slowly rolling backwards, leaking
text: all it's vital fluids, it's snapped drive-shaft leaving a
text: groove in the pavement. And Sergeant Haytham empties his clip
text: into the interior while walking along side.
text: The Officer Haytham told to 'move,' rips himself from the
text: Passenger's side of their vehicle, bleeding profusely,
text: screaming something unintelligible into his handheld radio.
scene_heading: 26 EXT. UNKNOWN ROOF TOP - SAME MOMENT 26
text: Just the youngest Grandson's horrified eyes: he had no choice
text: but to see it all, carnage painted permanently. His face
text: still held tight between his Grandfather's hands. In Arabic:
speaker_heading: GRANDFATHER (O.C.)
dialog: Our Time is not a peaceful one. God
dialog: has left it to us to make it so.
text: Hold on those deep, young, brown eyes.
text: Those young brown eyes finally blink.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 27 INT. WASHINGTON DC ELEMENTARY SCHOOL- LATER 27
dialog: Everyone eats snacks that the Fleurys brought. Kevin's the
text: center of attention. Fleury's passing out juice boxes.
text: Fleury's cell phone vibrates. TIGHT ON THE ID: 911. Fleury's
text: mid-juice-pass, answering his phone at the same time.
text: Kevin looks to his Dad, already grimacing. Fleury walks away
dialog: from the kids.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: Fran?
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 12.
text: We hear Fran's voice as though we're on the line with him:
text: raspy-ragged, like he's been crying.
speaker_heading: FRAN (O.S.)
dialog: You getting this yet?
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: Hey, I'm at Kevin's school. What's
dialog: goin' on?
speaker_heading: FRAN (O.S.)
dialog: I'm sorry, Brother.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Riyadh. Many Dead.
text: Fleury's demeanor shifts to HARD immediately.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: Where exactly?
speaker_heading: FRAN (O.S.)
dialog: The Al-Rahmah Western Housing
dialog: Compound. Oil Company employees.
text: Hit a company picnic.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: FRAN (O.S.)
text: Big. Broad daylight. Blew up a
dialog: softball game.
dialog: (tears)
dialog: Kids, Brother.
text: Fleury looks at the kids eating and laughing.
speaker_heading: KEVIN FLEURY
dialog: Dad?
text: Fleury smiles best he can at his Son. Into the phone:
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: When?
speaker_heading: FRAN (O.S.)
dialog: Just went off -- twenty minutes
text: ago. Two bombers. A Shooter crew as
dialog: diversion...it's just awful.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: Fran, I'm rollin' right now. Let me
dialog: call you back: I gotta ring bells
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 13.
speaker_heading: FRAN MANNER (O.S.)
dialog: Go. I'll be here.
text: Fleury hangs up, walks to Kevin, kneels down - oblivious to
text: everyone watching.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: Son, I gotta go to work.
speaker_heading: KEVIN FLEURY
dialog: We're gonna do ceramics...
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: I gotta go to work...
speaker_heading: KEVIN FLEURY
dialog: (points to the phone)
dialog: Who was that?
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: Big Fran -- you remember him?
speaker_heading: KEVIN FLEURY
dialog: (beat, thinking)
dialog: Uncle Fran? Put peanuts in his Coke
dialog: so he could drink and eat all at
dialog: the same time?
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: (smile)
dialog: Where he's from in South Carolina
dialog: that's called fine-dining, Bud.
speaker_heading: KEVIN FLEURY
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Something bad.
speaker_heading: KEVIN
dialog: (impression of his Dad)
dialog: `Lotta bad people out there...'
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: (smiles, already homesick)
dialog: I love you.
text: Kisses his boy's forehead hard.
speaker_heading: KEVIN FLEURY
dialog: You gonna go see him?
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 14.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: I'm gonna try...
text: Looks at Lyla who's been through this drill too many times,
text: knows this face. Ronald can only give a little shrug, which
text: Lyla gives right back.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Lyla)
dialog: Can you get a ride?
text: She nods yes. Miss Ross nearby, surprised by this:
speaker_heading: MISS ROSS
dialog: Where's your husband going?
speaker_heading: LYLA FLEURY
dialog: Ex-husband, and God knows.
text: Then a wave of fear ripples across her face. She hesitates,
text: then calls after him:
speaker_heading: LYLA FLEURY (CONT'D)
speaker_heading: BE SAFE.
text: Ronald turns, gives a little Cheshire grin, puts the phone
text: back up to his ear.
scene_heading: 28 EXT. AL-RAHMAH HOUSING COMPOUND BLAST SITES - EVENING 28
text: The shattered softball diamond and parking lot. Emergency
text: lights swirl from everywhere. Acrid smoke.
scene_heading: FRANCIS MANNER (FBI LEGAT, US Embassy) is giant. The kind of
text: American that only grows in tiny southern hamlets. Military
text: whitewalls, short-sleeves, khaki Dockers, a thick Casio G-
text: shock, FBI credentials visible on a chain.
text: Hangs up his phone. Lifts his eyes: Hell from one side of the
text: frame to the other. Saudi teams setting up portable lights
text: that bathe the horror in industrial incandescent. Columns of
text: black smoke. Fleets of emergency vehicles. 100 uniformed men.
text: Another 200 in bio-suits combing the ball field, the parking
dialog: lot. Fran has to do something/anything.
text: Move through the horror with him now. His hands shake, his
text: face already dirty with soot. Jumps in with a Saudi team
text: pulling a half-burned WOMAN out of a smoldering Range Rover.
text: She fights them, gouging Fran's face, trying to get back in.
dialog: She is the woman we met at the gate of the compound. She
dialog: wants her baby.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 15.
text: Fran bloodied, just kind of steps away from the woman. Leaves
text: the Saudi emergency team to fight with her. Backs away until
text: he feels grass under his feet. The woman's screams
text: reverberate. Fran just sits in the grass. Staring at the
text: woman, her shattered soul. Forces himself to look away. Eyes
text: come to rest on a child's baseball cap: ragged holes ringed
text: with black stains: where blood dried on the blue felt.
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.C.)
dialog: (immediately behind)
dialog: Fran. You gotta stand Big Man...
text: Fran turns to find REX BURR: 5'7" fireplug. A long silence.
text: Fran points to the hat:
speaker_heading: FRANCIS MANNER
dialog: Rex, how old were you when your hat
dialog: was that small?
text: We watch tears well in Rex's eyes...
speaker_heading: REX BURR
dialog: You gotta stand, Big Man.
text: Fran does. Wipes his hands on his pants. Slack-jaw hopeless.
text: The first moments in what will be weeks of reverse-
text: engineering the murders of unknown dozens. He and Rex step to
text: a group of WALKING-WOUNDED. A NEIGHBOR doles out mugs of
text: coffee. Most everyone from the compound is out, pondering the
text: proximity. SAUDI emergency teams sprint past. Fran spits,
dialog: settles in:
speaker_heading: FRANCIS MANNER
dialog: We need to get everyone back, then
dialog: get all their-
text: SOMETHING HUGE EXPLODES over their shoulders, 50 yards away.
dialog: The Attack's coup de grace: wait for people to lift up their
text: heads, hit them again. Five times the size of the suicide
text: bombs. Shreds emergency vehicles, nearby homes and apartment
text: buildings. Kills Saudi rescuers by the bushel. Fran is
text: crushed by a flying portable light standard. Rex is blown
text: into the man handing out coffee. The walking wounded get
text: decimated.
scene_heading: 29 EXT. AL-RAHMAH HOUSING COMPLEX - NEXT MOMENT 29
text: Slowly lift up and hold on Al-Rahmah as it burns. Black smoke
text: and flame pour skyward from the site of the coup de grace
text: explosion. Massive crater. Screams. Chaos postcard.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 16.
scene_heading: 29A EXT. WASHINGTON, DC HOUSE - DAY 29A
text: Establishing shot.
scene_heading: 29B INT. FRAN MANNER'S WASHINGTON, DC HOUSE - DAY 29B
text: Fleury sits with GLENDA MANNER... a toy remote-control robot
text: comes into the room. Little Teddy Manner (5) peeks his head
text: around the corner of a door.
speaker_heading: GLENDA
dialog: It was... I don't know what time it
dialog: was... the dishwasher's broken...I
dialog: was waiting for the dishwasher...
dialog: The doorbell rang - I thought it
dialog: was... it wasn't the dishwasher
dialog: guy...It wasn't. It wasn't.
text: Glenda breaks down, starts to completely lose it. Her little
text: boy Teddy climbs up onto his mother.
scene_heading: 29C INT. FRAN MANNER'S HOUSE - TEDDY'S ROOM - LATER 29C
text: Fleury sits on the bed with little Teddy looking at a
text: beautiful black and white photo of Fran holding a new born
text: Teddy up over his head. Eye to eye.
text: Little Teddy shows Fleury his toy helicopter. His dad's
text: soldier boots.
dialog: Fleury can't take it.
scene_heading: 29D INT. FRAN MANNER'S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - LATER 29D
text: Fleury stands with Glenda.
speaker_heading: FLEURY
dialog: Glenda, I want you to look at me.
text: A PAUSE: Fleury freezes up on a shock of raw emotion,
text: struggling to contain himself.
speaker_heading: FLEURY (CONT'D)
dialog: Please... I'm going to take care of
dialog: this. Whoever did this... I give
dialog: you my word. Whoever did this will
dialog: pay. I can't change this, but I can
dialog: promise you that I will make
dialog: someone pay for this.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 17.
scene_heading: 30 INT. HOOVER BUILDING, FBI HEADQUARTERS - DAY, EST 30
text: Startling quiet in contrast. AGENTS cluster beneath 32-inch
text: Televisions suspended from the ceiling. Tuned to Al-Jazeera,
text: CNN, BBC, etc. Most eyes focus on the double-bloody scoops
dialog: from CNN. Volume low:
speaker_heading: CNN REPORTER
dialog: ...1 hour ago: blasts in Saudi
dialog: Arabia, in or around the `Al-
dialog: Rahmah' western housing complex
dialog: near Riyadh. More than 100 feared
dialog: dead, including children. The Saudi
dialog: Foreign Minister has released a
dialog: statement calling this a `heinous
dialog: act possibly committed by
dialog: foreigners...'
speaker_heading: BBC REPORTER
dialog: ...homes to thousands of Westerners
dialog: and other non-Saudis who work in
dialog: the Kingdom, there have been
dialog: several attacks on these compounds
dialog: in the last five years. As such,
dialog: they have become very tight in
dialog: terms of security, with both the
dialog: Saudi National Guard and police
text: taking command.
text: Fleury walks under the televisions. A folder in-hand, heading
text: down a long hallway, subordinating his fury to tasks-at-hand.
scene_heading: 31 INT. COMMAND &amp; TACTICAL OPERATIONS CENTER (CTOC) - NEXT 31
speaker_heading: MOMENT
text: Fleury enters, steps to a podium, opens his folder. 50 Agents
text: seated lecture hall-style. Steam from fifth, sixth cups of
text: coffee. Plasma screens behind show still-images of the crime
text: cribbed from Al-Jazeera.
text: Throughout the scene, Fleury constantly refers to a roster of
dialog: his ERTs.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: Numbers so far: 100+ dead, 200+
dialog: injured. The target was a softball
dialog: game. Rumor is the Killers wore
dialog: Saudi police uniforms.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Special Agent Fran Manner was
dialog: killed.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 18.
text: JANET MAYES, 29 years-old, stifles a sob in the front row.
text: Fleury steps from behind the podium, puts a hand gently on
text: Janet's shoulder, leans in and whispers something no one but
text: Janet hears. Whatever his words, they give back her
text: composure. She nods.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY (CONT'D)
dialog: So was Rex Burr from State.
text: Fleury lets the news absorb as he steps back to the podium.
text: No one says a thing. Fleury lifts his eyes again, real
dialog: trouble maintaining control...
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY (CONT'D)
dialog: Fran was the best among us...we'll
dialog: feel this loss the rest of our
dialog: days...
dialog: (beat, moment to regroup)
text: Grant, take stabs at bomb sizes.
text: GRANT SYKES. 50 years-old. Virginia State Trooper before
text: joining the FBI. Law-and-order formidable: sharp-smart
text: Charlottesville accent. Studies the images for a beat...
speaker_heading: GRANT SYKES
dialog: From the craters, looks like they
dialog: used a High Explosive... possibly
dialog: military grade: can't fit that much
text: TNT into a vest. 20, 30 pounds of
text: PETN: they got it. Semtex or C-4:
dialog: they could get it. The third there,
dialog: God knows...that crater looks like
text: a plane dropped a 500-pounder...
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
text: Obviously a secondary blast after
dialog: the initial devices used to lure
text: first responders to the scene.
dialog: Don't know anything about where or
dialog: what it was yet.
speaker_heading: GRANT SYKES
dialog: This is how they do it.
text: ADAM LEAVITT. 34 years-old, sought-after Investigator.
text: There's a constant, intense grind to this guy, a mind and
text: mouth incapable of quiet. He paces around the room, then
text: eagle-eyes the bomb images... starts surge-scrawling crude
text: diagrams of the blast site on a piece of loose leaf. Feels
text: more like nervous doodling than work. Not looking up from his
dialog: drawing:
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 19.
speaker_heading: ADAM LEAVITT
dialog: I already know the answer, but any
dialog: chance in Hell we get to go over
dialog: there, use our hands?
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: If you already know the answer
dialog: Adam, why ask the question?
text: Fleury circles Leavitt's name on the roster. Leavitt never
dialog: stops drawing.
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: We're not seeing this kind of
dialog: planning and execution anywhere
dialog: else...these ain't hot-wired
text: artillery shells waiting for
text: Humvees to roll by.
dialog: (pointing at the screens)
dialog: These hits are coordinated:
dialog: planning, timing, and big, broad-
dialog: daylight balls-
speaker_heading: JANET MAYES
dialog: (almost trance-studying
dialog: the images)
dialog: Yeah, So... did they all happen
dialog: during daylight?
text: Another great question. Fleury looks over to AGENT #1 on his
text: immediate right, an egg-head type with a big binder in front
text: of him. Everyone's eyes follow. Agent #1 flips quickly
text: through the binder, back-and-forth, searching. Fleury crosses
text: his name off of his roster. Then:
speaker_heading: AGENT #1
dialog: Yes. At least the first parts of
dialog: the attacks.
dialog: Everyone smells it: that's big -- more proof these attacks
text: are being carried out by one, very skilled Terror Cell.
speaker_heading: JANET MAYES
dialog: We had two others...North of Riyadh
dialog: and the oil thing. What was that?
speaker_heading: ADAM LEAVITT
dialog: The Refinery... Ras Tenura
dialog: Refinery.
speaker_heading: JANET MAYES
dialog: Yeah, south of Jeddah. Same thing:
dialog: daylight, suicide bombers. Right?
speaker_heading: (MORE)
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 20.
speaker_heading: JANET MAYES (CONT'D)
text: Same thing. Followed by machine gun
dialog: crews. Collect and kill.
speaker_heading: ADAM LEAVITT
dialog: Yup.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: This is not new in concept. It is
dialog: new in scope. It's bigger. Very
dialog: sophisticated. Command and control
dialog: was flawless. They found the
dialog: largest kill zone they could and
dialog: they did it... they did it by being
dialog: patient.
speaker_heading: ADAM LEAVITT
dialog: Any rumors or confirmations of
dialog: uniforms being used in the other
dialog: two attacks?
text: Fleury circles Mayes' name on the ERT roster.
speaker_heading: AGENT #1
dialog: (from memory)
dialog: No. I know this is the first for
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: GRANT SYKES
dialog: That's `worst case scenario' if
dialog: you're still asking for my stab,
dialog: Sir. A crew who can build bombs
dialog: this big, with this level of eyes-
dialog: on control and detonation
dialog: coordination... has access to Saudi
dialog: uniforms now...I mean...Baby Jesus.
speaker_heading: LEAVITT
dialog: Anyone take credit?
text: Fleury checks from his notes.
speaker_heading: FLEURY
dialog: Abu Hamza. Saudi Al-Qaeda. Bin-
dialog: Laden-wanna-be. We know he was in
dialog: Afghanistan, then moved to Iraq.
text: Now he seems to have come home.
text: He's clearly becoming increasingly
dialog: active...
speaker_heading: ADAM LEAVITT
dialog: If it is Hamza, he's definitely
text: turning up the volume over there.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 21.
speaker_heading: ADAM LEAVITT (CONT'D)
dialog: Not to beat a dead horse, Sir, but
dialog: if there was ever a time to get
dialog: boots on Saudi sand...
text: Sykes studies Leavitt with what is best described as
text: substantial skepticism. Fleury circles Sykes' name on his
dialog: roster.
speaker_heading: JANET MAYES
dialog: They can't afford to appear as if
dialog: they are losing any kind of
text: control. They lose control over
dialog: their country, their people...then
dialog: they risk losing control over the
dialog: oil. They won't let us in. No way.
text: Fleury's P.O.V.: His open folder on the podium. A memo
text: printed on Department of State letterhead. Pulls the memo,
text: reads it aloud, calm laced with rage.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: From the State Department, one hour
dialog: ago: `We are in agreement with the
dialog: Saudi security assessment that any
dialog: additional American presence on
dialog: Kingdom soil represents reckless
dialog: risk. Therefore it is the Secretary
dialog: of State's position that only after
dialog: the situation has been evaluated
dialog: and contained, should the Federal
dialog: Bureau of Investigation activate
dialog: Rapid Deployment.'
dialog: (folding the memo)
dialog: The National Security Advisor and
dialog: the Attorney General agreed.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'm going to get us access. Keep
dialog: your go bags hot. It's gonna come
dialog: fast.
text: Leavitt stares at Fleury as he moves fast out of the room.
speaker_heading: ADAM LEAVITT
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Well... I guess he's gonna go get
dialog: us some access.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: How's he gonna do that?
text: Sykes just hard-eyes Leavitt.
scene_heading: 31A SEE 29A - 29D (MOVED, NOT OMITTED) 31A
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 22.
scene_heading: 32 INT. SAUDI NATIONAL GUARD PRISON - UNKNOWN TIME 32
text: COLONEL AL-GHAZI, Saudi Police, 45 years-old, mustache as
text: thick as Sykes'. A firecracker-loud crack makes him flinch.
text: He stands in the back of the room, not participating in the
text: interrogation. Just observing. Clearly not happy about what
text: he's observing.
text: His POV: The Officer from the second Land Cruiser that rammed
dialog: the fake and killed those inside, Sergeant Haytham. slab-
text: cuffed and being worked over hard buy a couple of thick-
text: fisted SAUDIS.. Silent tears roll off his cheek, left ear
text: split ghastly. A MAN standing far right of him beats him: the
text: firecracker sound again.
text: Al-Ghazi looks away, biting his tongue. Obviously wants this
dialog: over.
text: In-charge of the interrogation: GENERAL ABDUL MALIK. He
text: doesn't appear sadistic, but very determined to get the truth
dialog: from Sergeant Haytham by any means necessary. Those
text: distinctions blur easily. Malik gives a `hold-up' signal. The
dialog: following exchange in Arabic:
scene_heading: GENERAL ABDUL-MALIK
dialog: No falsehoods, Sergeant Haytham.
dialog: What was your involvement?
scene_heading: SERGEANT HAYTHAM
dialog: Killing those I saw responsible.
scene_heading: GENERAL ABDUL-MALIK
dialog: So none could be questioned?
scene_heading: SERGEANT HAYTHAM
dialog: (puzzled, angry)
dialog: I don't understand.
text: A nod from General Malik: another vicious crack.
scene_heading: GENERAL ABDUL-MALIK
dialog: You were born and raised in Suweidi-
scene_heading: SERGEANT HAYTHAM
dialog: -that is not a crime-
scene_heading: GENERAL ABDUL-MALIK
dialog: -it should be.
scene_heading: SERGEANT HAYTHAM
dialog: It's not.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 23.
scene_heading: GENERAL ABDUL MALIK
dialog: Do you know Abu Hamza?
scene_heading: SERGEANT HAYTHAM
dialog: I do not.
scene_heading: GENERAL ABDUL-MALIK
dialog: Your brother was killed fighting
dialog: the Americans. True or false?
scene_heading: SERGEANT HAYTHAM
dialog: I am not my brother.
scene_heading: GENERAL ABDUL-MALIK
dialog: Your brother--
scene_heading: SERGEANT HAYTHAM
dialog: I am NOT my brother!
scene_heading: GENERAL ABDUL-MALIK
speaker_heading: TRUE or-
text: Al-Ghazi interrupts.
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: He has answered the question.
text: Malik shoots Al-Ghazi a unequivocal SHUT THE FUCK UP hard
text: eye. Then back on Haytham.
scene_heading: GENERAL ABDUL-MALIK
dialog: We found six more uniforms than you
dialog: were assigned in your possession --
dialog: that is a crime: especially when
dialog: you consider the Attackers wore our
dialog: Uniform...
text: Another nod, another crack. Al-Ghazi, flinching, becomes more
dialog: alert.
scene_heading: SERGEANT HAYTHAM
dialog: Uniforms?
text: General Malik in Haytham's face:
scene_heading: GENERAL ABDUL-MALIK
dialog: Truth!
scene_heading: SERGEANT HAYTHAM
dialog: I sweat. I'll say it again because
dialog: it is true. I need more uniforms
dialog: because I must change during
text: shifts...look at my shirts.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 24.
scene_heading: GENERAL ABDUL-MALIK
dialog: I am not interested in your sweat.
scene_heading: SERGEANT HAYTHAM
dialog: -then look at my jackets. Please.
dialog: Permanent stains...no matter how
dialog: many times they're cleaned...
text: Colonel Al-Ghazi grimacing now, leaves the room.
scene_heading: 33 INT. SAUDI NATIONAL GUARD - STORAGE - NEXT MOMENT 33
text: We follow. Al-Ghazi hustling into an evidence storage room.
text: Searching. Finds a Locker labelled `Haytham.' Opens it. Pulls
text: out several shirts still in the plastic dry-cleaning sheaths:
text: yellowed, permanent stains on the armpits of each.
scene_heading: 34 INT. SAUDI NATIONAL GUARD PRISON - INTERROGATION ROOM 34
text: Al-Ghazi walks back into the room with the shirts, lays them
text: down on the table in front of the General -- all business.
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
text: He's telling the truth.
text: The only sound for a long, unsettled moment: Sergeant
text: Haytham's labored breathing. Malik looks at the shirts, then
text: Al-Ghazi, hesitates, steps away.
scene_heading: GENERAL ADBUL-MALIK
dialog: You were injured when you used your
dialog: vehicle to protect your country. Do
dialog: you understand?
text: Al-Ghazi moves in, begins uncuffing Haytham's bloody-raw
text: wrists, hard-eyeing Malik the whole time. These men clearly
dialog: don't like each other.
scene_heading: 35 EXT. SAUDI NATIONAL GUARD PRISON - LATER 35
text: Al-Ghazi and Haytham sit alone. Al-Ghazi smokes. Haytham
text: looks down at his feet.
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: Look at me, Haytham.
text: Haytham slowly looks up at Al-Ghazi.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 25.
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI (CONT'D)
dialog: You saved lives today. I believe
dialog: that. You served your country. I
dialog: believe that.
speaker_heading: HAYTHAM
dialog: I love my country.
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: I believe that, Haytham...
text: Haytham Holds Al-Ghazi's eyes a good long beat...
speaker_heading: HAYTHAM
dialog: I love my country...
text: Al-Ghazi slow nods.
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: (beat, breaks eye-contact)
dialog: You will have your revenge for what
dialog: needed to be done to assure them
dialog: you weren't involved.
text: Haytham never blinks. Eyes hard. Stoic. Clear.
scene_heading: 36 EXT. WASHINGTON D.C. STREETS - NOON 36
text: GRACE looks like a barrel-chested lineman. A four-man
text: security detail behind. He and Ronald Fleury walk side-by-
text: side. Janet Mayes just behind them.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR GRACE
dialog: Everyone's terrified, so nothing
dialog: moves. Paralysis. You and your team
dialog: aren't going anywhere.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And this meeting is just a circle-
dialog: jerk, Ronnie: Attorney General
dialog: Young's going to go through the
dialog: motions because protocol says we
dialog: get an appeal. We'll be on record,
dialog: but expect nothing more.
dialog: Nothing from Fleury.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR GRACE (CONT'D)
dialog: Can you handle this? Keep your
dialog: mouth shut when people way above
dialog: you say things you'll hate?
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 26.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Yeah, sure. No problem.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR GRACE
dialog: (re: Janet)
dialog: What about Agent Mayes?
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: Ask her.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR GRACE
dialog: (to Janet)
dialog: What about you?
speaker_heading: JANET MAYES
dialog: I'll be fine.
scene_heading: 37 INT. ATTORNEY GENERAL GIDEON YOUNG'S OFFICE - NOON 37
text: Fleury, Grace and Mayes enter. Handsomely decorated,
text: expansive: a lifetime of notable handshakes framed in black
text: and white. The biggest is a picture of Young and Billy Graham
dialog: that could be titled, `lucky for you, we have all the
dialog: answers.'
text: Gideon Young sits behind his Federalist-era oak desk: a
text: marathoner's build, a smile too bright-perfect for his age.
text: Two others in-attendance. A pear-shaped 54 year-old man with
text: a Midwest-honest, ruddy-oval face: Ellis Leach, Assistant
dialog: Secretary, Bureau of Near Eastern Affairs, Department of
dialog: State
text: And a 51 year-old Hispanic woman in conservative Chanel:
dialog: enough femininity without diminishing toughness: Maricella
dialog: Canavesio, Deputy National Security Advisor, White House
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR GRACE
dialog: I apologize if we're late-
speaker_heading: GIDEON YOUNG
dialog: They were early.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR GRACE
dialog: You know Special Agent Fleury?
speaker_heading: GIDEON YOUNG
dialog: I do.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 27.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR GRACE
dialog: This is agent Janet Mayes, she's
dialog: one of our Arabic experts.
text: Janet stares at Young, looking mildly in over her head.
speaker_heading: GIDEON YOUNG
dialog: OK. The latest.
text: Grace sits, nods to Fleury: you're up...
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
text: Two suicide bombers. Rumors they
dialog: were dressed as Saudi Police. We
dialog: believe this is the work of Saudi
dialog: terrorist named Abu Hamza.
text: Young just stares at Fleury kind of odd like a kid staring at
text: a mushroom flavored Popsicle.
speaker_heading: GIDEON YOUNG
dialog: Go on.
dialog: Fleury continues:
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: A Shooter crew served as
dialog: distraction. After the initial
dialog: attack there was a lull to allow
dialog: Saudi Emergency Teams...and our own
dialog: attaches...to collect. Then a
dialog: secondary blast was triggered,
dialog: aimed at those first responders. So
dialog: they targeted families and rescuers
dialog: with one attack.
dialog: (mildly sarcastic:)
dialog: I think that's a clear signal that
dialog: their definition of `Enemy' is
dialog: expanding.
scene_heading: MARICELLA CANAVESIO
dialog: My God.
speaker_heading: GIDEON YOUNG
dialog: Let us never forget how cheap life
dialog: is over there. Now...I have seven
dialog: minutes before my next meeting, so
dialog: who's talking first?
dialog: (to Fleury and Grace, slow
dialog: like a Kindergarten
dialog: teacher:)
dialog: You two digested the memo?
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 28.
text: Stoic nods from each. Ellis Leach raises his hand, a tone
dialog: that's worlds away from Young's.
speaker_heading: ELLIS LEACH
dialog: I'll go first if that's okay
dialog: Maricella?
dialog: (off her `yeah, sure' nod)
dialog: First, I'm sorry about Fran Manner.
text: Gideon Young remembers, nods along solemnly.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR GRACE
dialog: As we are about Rex Burr.
speaker_heading: ELLIS LEACH
dialog: I met with Prince Thamer at the
dialog: Saudi embassy fifteen minutes after
dialog: I heard this morning's news. After
dialog: speaking with Thamer, I advised we
dialog: withhold additional US personnel
dialog: because a big part of the religious
dialog: justification for these bombs is
dialog: the presence of current US
dialog: personnel. More boots on Saudi soil
text: make an already combustible
dialog: situation more so. I know that's
dialog: not the answer you want, but...
dialog: Motions to Maricella: the floor is yours.
scene_heading: MARICELLA CANAVESIO
dialog: My two cents: The Saudis haven't
dialog: asked for FBI help. Sounds like
dialog: they've done just the opposite. If
dialog: we force the issue, that could
dialog: further anger an utterly important
text: ally that shares a 1000-mile long
dialog: border with Iraq.
speaker_heading: GIDEON YOUNG
dialog: (to Grace and Fleury)
dialog: It's all rock-solid logic.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR GRACE
dialog: (beat)
dialog: We would just like to be on record
dialog: as saying we think we should go
speaker_heading: ASAP-
speaker_heading: GIDEON YOUNG
dialog: That's not going to happen
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 29.
dialog: Young stands: we're done. Fleury's look: that's it? Young's
text: already collecting his briefcase, jacket-
speaker_heading: GIDEON YOUNG (CONT'D)
dialog: (mock sincerity to the
dialog: room:)
dialog: -so as we present this to the
dialog: public, let's - as best we can -
dialog: try to view this through an FBI
text: Agent's eyes.
dialog: (beat...To Grace:)
dialog: And please let me know if there's
dialog: anything else we can do for you.
text: Meeting seems over. Not quite. Fleury can't keep his mouth
dialog: shut.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: Sir, how would you imagine it looks
text: viewed through an FBI agents eyes?
speaker_heading: GIDEON YOUNG
dialog: Pardon me?
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: I'm interested in how you think
dialog: this situation is viewed through
dialog: our eyes.
text: Young, eyes on a Republican-gold Rolex, instantly perturbed
text: the meeting isn't ending.
speaker_heading: GIDEON YOUNG
dialog: It's some variation on vengeance...
dialog: When one of your own is killed,
dialog: Agents lose their analytical powers
dialog: - kind of a greatest strength,
dialog: greatest weakness thing...
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: If I wanted vengeance, I'd have
dialog: whispered `Rex Burr' into Ellis's
dialog: ear right when we walked in.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Eyes migrate to Fleury --
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY (CONT'D)
dialog: This isn't Terrorism, ma'am. It's
dialog: just Serial Murder.
scene_heading: MARICELLA CANAVESIO
dialog: What's the distinction?
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 30.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: To call this massacre an act of
dialog: terrorism... that implies a
dialog: specific political agenda. To me,
dialog: these killings are so futile and
dialog: unbalanced that they feel utterly
dialog: sociopathic- more like Charles
dialog: Manson than Osama Bin Laden...
text: Fleury looks to Mayes. She clears her throat. Delivers the
text: following with utter precision.
speaker_heading: JANET MAYES
dialog: (beat, fuck it: Go)
dialog: Al Qaeda lost the first phase of
dialog: this war, so a new, zero-sum phase
dialog: has begun: if you won't join us,
dialog: we'll let loose the truly talented
dialog: Murderers... Abu Hamza. He will
dialog: kill so many of you that the
dialog: resulting humiliation of the Saudi
dialog: Royal Family will cause an exodus,
dialog: a rebellion, both. Because the
dialog: Royal Family simply cannot protect
dialog: you or yours any longer.
text: Fleury studies Janet with solid respect. He gives Janet a
text: subtle nod: "Nice work."
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: When she says talented, she's not
dialog: talking about the walking-bombs who
dialog: can sneak past any and all
dialog: security, nor the hi-jackers tough
dialog: enough to take an airliner. We're
dialog: talking about the Man who teaches
dialog: them how...
speaker_heading: JANET MAYES
dialog: --the operational commander who
dialog: organizes, trains, plans,
dialog: encourages. That is who we're
dialog: fighting.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: If we don't get inside Saudi Arabia
dialog: within 36 hours, there is no chance
dialog: we catch the killer responsible for
dialog: Al-Rahmah. None.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 31.
speaker_heading: ELLIS LEACH
dialog: Okay. I believe it all. So doesn't
dialog: your team in that country represent
dialog: the kind of target one of these
dialog: `Masters' would die for? Trade ten
dialog: of their own for one of you?
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: To not engage these criminals out
dialog: of fear for our personal safety is
dialog: just another way of saying `uncle.'
text: Fleury takes another deep breath.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY (CONT'D)
dialog: I'll say it another way: Evidence
text: starts to go cold after twenty four
dialog: hours. If we can't get in now, we
dialog: will not find the man or men
dialog: responsible for this crime. We
dialog: couldn't do it at Khobar; we
dialog: couldn't do it in Yemen; we have
text: barely scratched the surface in
dialog: Iraq. And we are on verge of not
dialog: doing it here. They are getting
dialog: stronger, we are getting weaker. I
dialog: just lost a very good friend and I
dialog: would very much like to go and do
dialog: my job.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: GIDEON YOUNG
dialog: (chuckle)
dialog: That was spirited... let's all
dialog: thank God Special Agent Fleury
dialog: doesn't make policy decisions. He'd
dialog: turn the FBI into Patton's Third
dialog: Army.
text: Young stands. Fleury contemplates career-ending violence.
scene_heading: 38 EXT. WASHINGTON D.C. - DAY 38
text: Janet, Fleury and Grace walking the rows of seven-foot bronze
text: soldiers. Street-cart hotdogs from foil wrappers.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR GRACE
dialog: (to Fleury)
dialog: I see the look in your eyes. That
dialog: look is trouble: old school, play
dialog: ground shit, vengeance...
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 32.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: It's not vengeance.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR GRACE
dialog: It ain't justice. It's stronger.
dialog: We've all been there. I have.
dialog: Vengeance is always dirty, Ronnie.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: I just can't sit this out. I can't
dialog: watch this not get dealt with. Not
dialog: again.
dialog: (a beat...)
dialog: Know what my high school football
dialog: coach used to say to me?
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR GRACE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
text: "HIT SOMETHING." All night long,
dialog: Coach Bailey would scream "HIT
dialog: SOMETHING." Every play.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR GRACE
dialog: That's good coaching.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: I'm fixing to go hit something,
dialog: boss. You with me?
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR GRACE
dialog: How you gonna do it?
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: The Saudis covet good PR as much as
dialog: their Oil: 15 of 19 hijackers on 9-
dialog: 11 means most Americans will never
dialog: stop asking if that Saudi Oil is
dialog: worth it. It's all about press.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR GRACE
dialog: Few more moves and it's Total War,
dialog: Ronnie. The only time Treason is
dialog: palatable is when it's done
dialog: righteously and completely...
text: Fleury digesting Grace's words: moments pass. Then he looks
dialog: to Janet.
speaker_heading: JANET MAYES
dialog: Oh, I'm in...Not a question. I'm
text: definitely going.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 33.
scene_heading: 39 INT. LOCAL COFFEE JOINT - 5:30 PM, EST 39
dialog: Elaine Flowers, Senior Correspondent, Washington Post: Coffee
text: amp'd, deep black raccoon eyes - heavy wrinkled khakis.
text: Fleury sits across from her. We've entered mid-scene:
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: What's your take?
speaker_heading: ELAINE FLOWERS
dialog: Looks like every overthrow in
dialog: history: once the guys with the
dialog: guns are no longer trustworthy, the
dialog: government's days are numbered.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: White House call you with a spin?
speaker_heading: ELAINE FLOWERS
dialog: You kidding? We don't talk since I
dialog: broke the Vice President's guy
dialog: cooking dirty intel on Iran. They
dialog: hate me. What's up, Fleury?
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: How hard you gonna hit the Royal
dialog: Family in your column tomorrow?
speaker_heading: ELAINE FLOWERS
text: With a sledgehammer.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: With the bombings? Or other
dialog: things...
speaker_heading: ELAINE FLOWERS
dialog: What's "other" than the bombings?
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: I know you're tracking Al Haramain.
speaker_heading: ELAINE FLOWERS
dialog: Is that what you want to talk
dialog: about? Saudi officials making
dialog: donations that end up... What?
dialog: Blowing up trains in Paris? Buses
dialog: in London?
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: Sometimes. Seems that just might
dialog: happen.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 34.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY (CONT'D)
dialog: We got some other stuff: Missing
dialog: girls out of a Houston Four Seasons
dialog: Hotel that was heavily populated by
dialog: some "Saudi officials." Little
dialog: things...
text: Flowers eyes go WIDE. Smiling...
speaker_heading: ELAINE FLOWERS
dialog: Murder...Hookers...Houston? Can I
dialog: take some notes?
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: I'm not saying that.
speaker_heading: ELAINE FLOWERS
dialog: Are you saying anything?
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: I need a favor.
speaker_heading: ELAINE FLOWERS
dialog: I don't do favors, Ronnie.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: When it's real and it will be
dialog: real... I'll come to you with what
dialog: we have first. It's yours.
dialog: Exclusive.
speaker_heading: ELAINE FLOWERS
dialog: OK.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: You call Thamer at the Embassy.
dialog: Tell him that the FBI is getting
dialog: real close to laying out some major
dialog: Saudi VIP indictments relating to
dialog: newly uncovered charity financing
dialog: out of a Boston investment firm.
dialog: We're gonna freeze a lot of Saudi
dialog: cash and roll out some major
dialog: embarrassment.
speaker_heading: ELAINE FLOWERS
dialog: Can I mention Houston?
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: It's a free world, baby. Ask him to
dialog: comment.
speaker_heading: ELAINE FLOWERS
dialog: He won't.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 35.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: Tell him that I'm running the
dialog: investigation.
speaker_heading: ELAINE FLOWERS
dialog: OK.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: Tell him that I'm not the nicest
text: kid on the block.
speaker_heading: ELAINE FLOWERS
dialog: That would be accurate.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: I want fifteen minutes with him
dialog: tonight.
speaker_heading: ELAINE FLOWERS
dialog: Wow. OK. And I get what?
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: I come to you first. No one else.
speaker_heading: ELAINE FLOWERS
dialog: What's really going on here,
dialog: Ronnie? You going strong over Fran
dialog: Manner?
text: Fleury just stares at her.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: I'm just trying to do my job,
dialog: Elaine. That's it. Call Thamer.
speaker_heading: ELAINE FLOWERS
dialog: I'll see what I can do.
scene_heading: 40 EXT. WILLARD HOTEL - WASHINGTON DC - NIGHT 40
text: Frenetic Doorman-Valet ballet. 2 black Suburbans with red-
text: blue diplomatic plates swing onto the round-about. A bald,
text: waif-like 38 year-old Saudi MAN gets out of the lead vehicle.
text: Fleury waiting outside, eyes on his watch. To Thamer:
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: Get back in.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 36.
scene_heading: 41 INT. DIPLOMATIC SUBURBAN - MOMENTS LATER 41
text: A big bodyguard sits up front. Fleury sits in back, aims the
text: AC vents his way. Prince Thamer sits next to him. Bright
text: lights from the trail suburban illuminate the interior.
text: Prince Thamer looks more than a bit baffled.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: Too many people we both know were
dialog: at the bar. It's a pleasure to meet
dialog: you, Your Highness.
speaker_heading: PRINCE THAMER
dialog: I had an interesting conversation
text: with a reporter from the Post.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: She can be a bit of an
dialog: exaggerator... I'm sure things were
dialog: somewhat over-stated. I see myself
dialog: as friend of Saudi Arabia. I just
dialog: need a little cooperation, that's
dialog: all.
speaker_heading: PRINCE THAMER
dialog: What kind of cooperation??
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: Full cooperation: my Team cleared
dialog: to land at Prince Sultan Air Base.
dialog: Tomorrow. We want to help in a very
text: muscular way, quickly.
speaker_heading: PRINCE THAMER
dialog: Next month would be as soon as...
text: Fleury takes a beat.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: This goes one of two ways. First:
text: The FBI with the White House go on
dialog: the kind of aggressive PR "Saudi
dialog: Royal Family Decaying Monarchy"
dialog: bender that just can't help but
dialog: hurt. Really hurt. And I don't care
dialog: how many Chinese are lined up to
dialog: buy the oil. You know it's gonna
dialog: hurt.
speaker_heading: PRINCE THAMER
dialog: My family is not decaying-
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 37.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: And then we bring the hammer down
dialog: hard as hell: Bust Al Haramain - we
dialog: got direct links from Riyadh - two
dialog: wives donating ten million to three
dialog: Arab-American cultural centers in
dialog: Boston. Then what gets kind of not-
dialog: funny is how some of that cash
dialog: found its way to Jakarta and some
dialog: Mosques that have these training
text: camps built right next to them.
dialog: It's kinda funny... you got little
dialog: kids playing over here, and some
dialog: not so little kids playing with
dialog: guns over here. That's kinda odd.
speaker_heading: PRINCE THAMER
dialog: You have no proof of this.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: We're getting there, Sir. And I
dialog: haven't even brought up the two
text: girls still missing out of Houston.
dialog: This is big. It is real. And I know
dialog: you only care so much about public
dialog: American opinion, Sir. But the
dialog: story will be covered... Big...
text: Thamer is clearly rattled. Fleury is starting to crack this
dialog: man.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY (CONT'D)
dialog: And this ain't the Metro section.
text: It's above the fold, just below the
dialog: date. Words like these get
dialog: syndicated to papers like the Omaha
dialog: World-Herald, The Terrell Tribune --
dialog: You ever been to Terrell, Texas?
speaker_heading: PRINCE THAMER
dialog: What is your point?
text: Fleury looks back to him.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: Last I heard, 112 people lost their
dialog: lives in your country. One of them
dialog: was a good friend of mine. I want
dialog: in and I want in immediately.
dialog: That's a rock solid answer.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 38.
speaker_heading: PRINCE THAMER
dialog: Define "immediately."
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
text: Right now immediately.
text: Fleury looks back at the Ambassador. A stare down.
speaker_heading: FLEURY
dialog: If your phone doesn't work
dialog: international, you can borrow mine.
text: Prince Thamer slowly reaches for his phone as Fleury opens
dialog: his door.
speaker_heading: FLEURY (CONT'D)
dialog: I'll just be right out here.
scene_heading: 42 EXT. DIPLOMATIC SUBURBAN - MOMENTS LATER 42
text: Fleury waiting. Intense.
text: The window rolls down, Thamer looking up at Fleury.
text: The following is fast, tight negotiating:
speaker_heading: PRINCE THAMER
dialog: (trying to maintain cool)
dialog: We cannot allow 100 agents-
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
text: -4. With a 25-man security detail-
speaker_heading: PRINCE THAMER
dialog: -even 25 more armed Americans could
dialog: spark rebellion-
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: That's too bad.
speaker_heading: PRINCE THAMER
dialog: Saudi Security. That's non
dialog: negotiable. You cannot bring guns
dialog: into the Kingdom.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
text: Men in Saudi Police uniforms are
dialog: why we're talking now.
speaker_heading: PRINCE THAMER
dialog: They would be hand picked.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 39.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: Whose hands?
speaker_heading: PRINCE THAMER
dialog: Mine.
text: Fleury blinks.
speaker_heading: PRINCE THAMER (CONT'D)
dialog: Trust me...that's the only hope of
dialog: this happening.
speaker_heading: FLEURY
dialog: If anything happens to me or my
dialog: team... It's on you. Understood?
speaker_heading: PRINCE THAMER
dialog: Cool it with the John Wayne, Mr.
dialog: Fleury.
text: Fleury just stares.
speaker_heading: PRINCE THAMER (CONT'D)
dialog: You can have a week-
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: -seven-day or work-week?
speaker_heading: PRINCE THAMER
dialog: Work week. Five days. No guns.
text: Hands shake.
scene_heading: 42A EXT. SAUDI SHACK - NIGHT, SAUDI TIME 42A
text: No "charm." Corrugated tin. A faded blue plywood door. No one
text: in sight. On the side of the house: a battered satellite
dialog: dish...
scene_heading: 43 INT. SAUDI SHACK - NIGHT, SAUDI TIME 43
text: A tiny framed Saudi National flag in the middle of a wall:
text: green with a white sword underlining script that reads: There
dialog: is no God but Allah.
text: No other decoration. The none-too-muffled sounds of traffic:
text: a lone window overlooking a four-lane boulevard. Then the
dialog: Athan (call to prayer) for the Isha (last of the five daily
text: prayers) trumps the traffic noise.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 40.
text: Sergeant Haytham enters, bandaged, blank, then a small smile
text: crosses his face. An old man's weathered voice, in Arabic:
speaker_heading: OLD VOICE (O.C.)
text: Just in time.
text: Haytham's P.O.V.: His FATHER, glass-frail, lying in a bed, a
text: small TV nearby, on but soundless. Haytham goes into a
text: routine: rolls out two prayer mats, steps to his Father,
text: reaches down to pick him up. His Father readies himself --
text: stops everything when he sees the bandages up close, the
text: black bruises with outer rings of purple covering 1/2 of his
text: Son's cheek. Looks into his boy's eyes.
scene_heading: HAYTHAM'S FATHER
dialog: What happened?
text: Haytham not returning the gaze, hoists his Father into his
text: arms -- pain shoots up his arms from his damaged wrists.
scene_heading: SERGEANT HAYTHAM
dialog: You haven't heard about the attack?
scene_heading: HAYTHAM'S FATHER
dialog: I choose not to listen anymore.
dialog: What happened to your face?
scene_heading: SERGEANT HAYTHAM
dialog: (beat)
dialog: An attack today.
scene_heading: HAYTHAM'S FATHER
dialog: Look at me.
text: Haytham looks into his father's eyes now. No words. Haytham's
text: eyes well with tears. After a long silence:
speaker_heading: HAYTHAM'S FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Is this how they now treat the men
dialog: who protect them? Can you look at
dialog: me? You cannot, can you? Can you
dialog: look at yourself?
text: Haytham stares at his father.
speaker_heading: HAYTHAM'S FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: You are protecting the true enemies
dialog: of God.
scene_heading: 44 INT. AL-GHAZI'S HOUSE - SAME 44
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 41.
text: INTERCUT WITH THE HAYTHAM SCENE:
text: Al-Ghazi sits on pillows on the living room with his WIFE and
text: three DAUGHTERS. A television is on, playing "MAN SAYARBAH AL
dialog: MILIOUN" the Arabic "Who Wants To Be A Millionaire." Al-
text: Ghazi's children are playing a game with peas, trying to
text: guess which one of his hands Al-Ghazi is hiding the pea. When
text: a girl guesses correctly, he eats a pea.
text: From outside, we hear the call to prayer. Al-Ghazi and his
text: family all move to prayer mats in his living room.
scene_heading: 45 INT. ONE ROOM APARTMENT - SAME 45
text: Haytham continues carrying his Father to the prayer mats.
text: Gently sets him down, Kneels down himself, carefully rolls
text: his Dad to his stomach. Then stands to help tuck his Father --
text: in obvious, great arthritic pain -- into a kneeling prayer
dialog: position.
text: Kisses his father on the top of his head. And both pray.
scene_heading: 46 INT. AL-GHAZI'S HOUSE - SAME 46
text: Al-Ghazi praying with his family.
scene_heading: 47 EXT. ANDREWS AIR FORCE BASE - MIDNIGHT 47
text: A Load-Master buckling down two paletts of shrink-wrapped
text: gear in the belly of a C-130. Sykes and Leavitt sit on a
text: stack of FBI paletts, their feet gently tapping on battered
text: forensic cases. Mayes approaches from the parking area.
speaker_heading: ADAM LEAVITT
dialog: (beat, re: Janet)
dialog: What was Fran Manner to her?
speaker_heading: GRANT SYKES
dialog: He taught her how to shoot, she
dialog: taught him most everything else.
dialog: (beat)
text: Celebrated graduation at the IHOP
dialog: in-town until some Townie called
dialog: Janet something...Something not
dialog: very nice. Townie didn't see Fran
dialog: coming outta the Head. But he
dialog: definitely felt Fran's uppercut
text: shatter his jaw.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 42.
speaker_heading: ADAM LEAVITT
dialog: Fran didn't get bounced for that?
text: Points to Fleury's dirty Jeep arriving.
speaker_heading: GRANT SYKES
dialog: SAC Fleury took care of him.
speaker_heading: ADAM LEAVITT
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: GRANT SYKES
dialog: If I knew how I'd be SAC Sykes. I
dialog: do know the post in Riyadh was part
dialog: of the deal Fleury cut to save
dialog: Fran's career.
text: Leavitt looks up at Mayes as she gets within ear-shot, plops
text: down next to them.
speaker_heading: ADAM LEAVITT
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What did SAC Fleury whisper in your
dialog: ear this morning?
speaker_heading: JANET MAYES
dialog: (smart-ass smile)
dialog: `Grant's age is a liability.'
text: The three turn as Fleury approaches. Walking fast, clear
dialog: sense of purpose.
speaker_heading: FLEURY
dialog: Thanks for volunteering.
speaker_heading: LEAVITT
dialog: Actually, I didn't volunteer.
speaker_heading: FLEURY
dialog: Thanks anyway.
speaker_heading: LEAVITT
dialog: We're going to Riyadh?
speaker_heading: FLEURY
dialog: Yup.
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: State department said yes?
speaker_heading: FLEURY
dialog: Nope.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 43.
speaker_heading: LEAVITT
dialog: White House said yes?
speaker_heading: FLEURY
dialog: Nope.
speaker_heading: LEAVITT
dialog: Anybody said yes?
speaker_heading: FLEURY
dialog: Not really.
speaker_heading: LEAVITT
dialog: Are we bringing security?
speaker_heading: FLEURY
dialog: Nope.
text: Fleury walks onto the plane. Leaving the three on the tarmac.
speaker_heading: LEAVITT
dialog: This is going to suck so bad.
text: And the three follow Fleury onto the massive plane.
speaker_heading: 48 OMITTED 48
scene_heading: 49 INT. C-130, AIRBORNE - LATER 49
text: Silent. Just the lull of jet engines. The big, long boring is
text: just beginning.
text: Janet and Leavitt play Scrabble. Sykes sits nearby. Fleury
text: sits up front, wide awake.
speaker_heading: ADAM LEAVITT
dialog: What can four people do in five
dialog: days? Really?
speaker_heading: GRANT SYKES
dialog: Aren't you the one who demanded to
dialog: go this morning?
speaker_heading: ADAM LEAVITT
dialog: I meant the FBI. I didn't mean
dialog: "me."
text: Small smile from Leavitt. The Scrabble continues...
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 44.
speaker_heading: ADAM LEAVITT (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Janet)
dialog: What's it like on the ground?
speaker_heading: GRANT SYKES
dialog: Mars.
speaker_heading: JANET MAYES
dialog: I'll be looked at with what I can
dialog: only describe as disdain, pretty
dialog: much the entire time we're on the
dialog: ground... kind of like South
dialog: Virginia.
speaker_heading: GRANT SYKES
dialog: Go easy on my kin.
speaker_heading: JANET MAYES
dialog: It's a very confused culture.
dialog: Extremely religious. Had nothing;
dialog: wanted nothing. Sixty years ago,
dialog: they hit oil. Simple religious men
dialog: become trillionaires... a
dialog: schizophrenic nation is born. The
dialog: royal family, who we back, and
dialog: everyone else.
text: Intercut with the Scrabble.
speaker_heading: 50 OMITTED (SEE 42A) THRU 53 50
scene_heading: 54 EXT. PALACE GROUNDS - NIGHT, SAUDI TIME 54
text: Three-Suburban convoy turns up a driveway, waved past a guard
text: post bristling with automatic weapons and into the circular
text: drive of a massive, walled palace. Impersonal wealth. Two
text: dozen SANG troops on security detail. Two Humvees equipped
text: with anti-aircraft missiles parked 100 yards apart.
text: Colonel Al-Ghazi out of the middle Suburban. Frisked by SANG,
dialog: rough: no love lost.
scene_heading: 55 INT. IMPERSONAL PALACE - SAME MOMENT 55
text: Al-Ghazi is passed to a silent, boundless staff holding
text: serving platters jammed with cups of mint tea. A mammoth
dialog: foyer.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 45.
text: PRINCE SA'AD BIN KHALED (Saudi Interior Ministry) steps out
text: from a 20-foot high doorway: nebbish, thin, bloodshot eyes
text: magnified by thick glasses. His hand over his stomach:
text: Napoleon's ulcers. A quick wave to Al-Ghazi.
scene_heading: 56 INT. PRINCE'S PRIVATE OFFICE - NEXT MOMENT 56
text: 10' X 20' gold/glass desk over a 50' X 50' rug in a 100' X
text: 100' marble room. Al-Ghazi greets the Prince formally: kiss
text: the right shoulder near the clavicle. The Prince's tongue
text: chalk-white for some reason. In Arabic:
scene_heading: PRINCE BIN KHALED
dialog: Four FBI Agents will be allowed to
dialog: land at Prince Sultan Air Base this
dialog: evening.
dialog: Al-Ghazi: more than mild shock.
speaker_heading: PRINCE BIN KHALED (CONT'D)
dialog: General Abdul-Malik, Chief of
dialog: Investigative Services for the
dialog: National Guard has been put in-
dialog: charge of solving this crime.
text: Clearly not sitting well with Al-Ghazi.
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: I know the General. I attended his
dialog: interrogation of one of my men.
dialog: (beat, putting it kindly:)
dialog: The General does not have
dialog: investigative experience.
scene_heading: PRINCE BIN KHALED
dialog: Attackers wore YOUR uniform. Police
dialog: Uniforms. Some of your men may have
dialog: been involved with this Cell, may
dialog: still be involved. You're lucky to
dialog: have a role at all.
text: Al-Ghazi silent. The Prince pulls an anti-acid tablet, puts
text: it in his mouth: that's why his tongue is chalk-white.
speaker_heading: PRINCE BIN KHALED (CONT'D)
dialog: And your role will be critically
dialog: important: make sure the Americans
dialog: leave our country as alive as when
dialog: they arrive. Five days they will be
dialog: our guests. Understood?
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 46.
scene_heading: 57 INT. C-130 - NIGHT 57
text: Final descent beginning. More stars above than lights below.
text: Landing in the middle of nowhere. Sykes sitting near Fleury,
text: getting his game-face on.
speaker_heading: GRANT SYKES
dialog: What's going on in there?
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: (getting his bearings)
dialog: I'm good.
text: Sykes puts his hand on Fleury's chest.
speaker_heading: GRANT SYKES
dialog: Feels like you got a beast in
dialog: there, Fleury.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'm good
speaker_heading: GRANT SYKES
dialog: "Good" is 6:00 am Sunday morning
dialog: when your kid climbs into your bed,
dialog: buries himself into you... sun's
text: creeping through the windows -
text: soft. Birds and wind-chimes...
dialog: that's "good."
text: A BEAT as Fleury looks at Sykes.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: I'm OK...You don't think I'm OK?
speaker_heading: GRANT SYKES
dialog: (small smile)
dialog: I think you're not entirely clear
dialog: right now. That's OK, but you got
dialog: to know that. You want to go - we
dialog: go. I got you, but you got to
dialog: check yourself.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: I'm checked.
speaker_heading: GRANT SYKES
dialog: OK. I'm just checking that you
dialog: checked.
text: Fleury stands up.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 47.
scene_heading: 57A INT. C-130 COCKPIT - NIGHT, SAUDI TIME 57A
text: Fleury pops his head into the cockpit. Two AIRFORCE PILOTS
text: sit at the controls.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: How we doing?
speaker_heading: PILOT #1
text: About a half hour out.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: They gonna let us land?
speaker_heading: PILOT #1
dialog: We've been talking to them about an
dialog: hour or so... they know we're
dialog: coming.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: Good.
speaker_heading: PILOT #1
dialog: You don't mind my asking, but what
dialog: the hell you all gonna be doing
dialog: down there?
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: Hunting...
speaker_heading: PILOT #1
dialog: Hunting...? I think of hunting, I
dialog: think quail in Tennessee, deer in
dialog: Pennsylvania. What kind of hunting
dialog: you all gonna do in Saudi?
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: Big Game hunting.
scene_heading: 58 EXT. MASSIVE, CLOSED DOWN MILITARY COMPLEX - NIGHT 58
scene_heading: PRINCE SULTAN AIR BASE, SAUDI ARABIA. Our C-130 touches down
dialog: smooth on Saudi soil.
scene_heading: 59 INT. C-130 CARGO HOLD - NIGHT, SAUDI TIME 59
text: Engines winding down to nothing. The team standing, slinging
text: bags over their shoulders. Groggy but pumped. Fleury looks at
text: his team, last bit of advice before game-time.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 48.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
text: Heads on a swivel.
scene_heading: 60 EXT. PRINCE SULTAN AIRBASE - NIGHT, SAUDI TIME 60
text: The cargo door locks into place on Saudi tarmac. Fleury and
text: the Team outside the plane now, bags dropped at their feet.
text: 90 degrees even this late. Look-up: light washing over a
text: small, formal Saudi military team in front of two caskets
text: draped in American flags, and a small convoy of bullet-proof
dialog: black Suburbans. Adam Leavitt will never forget this first
text: glimpse of Saudi Arabia: surreal. Tears in Janet's eyes as
text: she glimpses the caskets.
text: Colonel Al-Ghazi steps up, offers his hand to Fleury. Fleury
dialog: and Al-Ghazi shake:
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: Colonel Al-Ghazi.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: Special Agent Ronald Fleury.
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: (beat: the caskets)
dialog: Your two fallen comrades, Mr.
dialog: Manner and Mr. Burr.
text: Three men multi-task hustle to forklifts, start them up. Into
text: the cargo hold, pulling out paletts. Things moving orderly-
text: fast now. The Americans just kind of step back, dazed.
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI (CONT'D)
dialog: Passports and credentials. Please.
text: Sergeant Haytham, driving one of the suburbans, steps forward
dialog: with kevlar vests for our crew.
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI (CONT'D)
dialog: Thank you to keep these on whenever
dialog: you are outside of Al-Rahmah.
speaker_heading: JANET MAYES
dialog: We brought our own.
text: The crew hits their bags, pulls out their vests.
text: Another OFFICER checks each team member's FBI badge and
text: passport. Stops at Leavitt's: an Israeli stamp on his
dialog: passport. Leavitt's quick:
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 49.
speaker_heading: ADAM LEAVITT
dialog: Israeli stamp in my passport?
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: (in Arabic to the Officer)
dialog: That is not our concern.
text: Al-Ghazi takes the passports and badges, hands them back.
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm also to collect your sidearms.
dialog: This is like handing over your first-born. Fleury goes first.
text: Haytham puts each weapon in a padded case.
speaker_heading: GRANT SYKES
dialog: And I usually just toss it on the
dialog: kitchen table...
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: (small smile)
dialog: If each of you would please get
text: into the middle vehicle.
scene_heading: 61 INT. MIDDLE SUBURBAN, RIYADH SUBURBS - NIGHT 61
text: The speedometer at 110 m.p.h. Haytham navigates with his left
text: hand. Prayer beads hang from the rearview mirror. Al-Ghazi in
text: the passenger seat, right hand rubbing another set of prayer
text: beads down to nubs. The team in the back rows: all staring at
text: the prayer beads on the mirror.
speaker_heading: JANET MAYES
dialog: (whispering to Leavitt)
dialog: Wouldn't need the power a' prayer
dialog: if there were 2 hands on the wheel.
speaker_heading: ADAM LEAVIIT
dialog: 110 miles per hour... How do you
dialog: keep so calm? I mean, really? Is
dialog: it breathing--
speaker_heading: JANET MAYES
dialog: --Shhhh....
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: If somebody was tailing us it'd be
dialog: obvious. This is just standard
dialog: operating speed.
text: Al-Ghazi on the edge of his seat, no belt, scanning for
text: threats: sidewalks, traffic, rooftops.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 50.
text: His left hand hand wrapped around the stock of an Mp-5
text: machine gun. Fleury takes in a deep breath: let's see who
dialog: this guy is.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY (CONT'D)
dialog: Colonel, have you ever been to the
dialog: US?
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: I have been there only once. I
dialog: spent four days at Quantico... I
dialog: saw your Michael Jordan play for
dialog: the Washington Wizards.
text: Small laughs.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: You don't know what you missed...
dialog: you should have seen him play for
dialog: our Chicago Bulls.
text: Fleury nods to Sykes, giving him the go to start in with the
text: Bad Cop. Throughout the following exchange, we stay TIGHT ON
text: FLEURY: in control, using Sykes to ask the questions he
dialog: "diplomatically" does not want to ask.
speaker_heading: GRANT SYKES
dialog: You have portable lights on-scene?
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: (loses his smile)
dialog: Yes. But your team cannot work
dialog: nights.
text: Janet looks to Leavitt, then Fleury: `what did he say?'
dialog: Fleury looks to Sykes, `Keep going...'
speaker_heading: GRANT SYKES
dialog: We only have seven days: we work
text: around the clock.
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: Five days. And you are not safe at
dialog: night.
speaker_heading: GRANT SYKES
dialog: We're safe during the day?
text: Fleury is about to step in when-
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: (in Arabic, shocking)
dialog: WATCH IT-SLOW!
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 51.
text: A truck 200 yards ahead in the middle of an abrupt U-turn.
text: Over the median. Dust cloud. Heading back our way. Something
text: big in the truck's bed. Our vehicle shimmies as Al-Ghazi
text: flinches, drops his prayer beads. Mp-5 up to the Colonel's
text: sight-line, muzzle tracking the truck. Leavitt leans away
text: from his window as the vehicles pass: streetlights show two
text: farmers, a camel sitting in the bed. Missed their left turn.
text: A long, nearly comical moment.
speaker_heading: ADAM LEAVITT
dialog: (smartass)
dialog: I don't like camels.
text: Fleury cycling through different angles. Continues:
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: Colonel, do you believe Abu Hamza
dialog: was responsible for this attack?
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: We don't know.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: Were Saudi Police involved in the
dialog: attack?
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: We don't know that either.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: Any word on what that third big
dialog: blast was?
text: Al-Ghazi getting tired of the questions: exhausted himself.
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: Not yet.
speaker_heading: GRANT SYKES
dialog: You interviewed witnesses?
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: (short-fuse burning)
dialog: We're trying. No one who was close
dialog: enough to see the things we would
dialog: like to know, lived.
speaker_heading: GRANT SYKES
dialog: Were any of the uniformed bombers
dialog: brother-officers?
dialog: No answer.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 52.
speaker_heading: GRANT SYKES (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you know yet?
text: No answer. Team feeling the tension. Fleury steps in and
dialog: takes charge.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: You don't know the source of the
dialog: blast, don't know if your own
dialog: Officers were involved, but you
dialog: won't let us work nights?
text: Al-Ghazi stanches an explosion. Haytham looks over at his
dialog: Colonel: rarely ever seen him like this. Looks in the rear-
text: view mirror to see Sykes, the man giving the Colonel fits.
text: Sykes catches him looking back, gives him a quick wink into
text: the mirror. TIGHT ON Haytham's face: the guilty little smile
dialog: you give when someone takes your boss to task.
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: 47 of my `brother-officers' were
text: blown into hundreds of pieces that
dialog: will take months to collect. 80,000
dialog: Officers total, across the country,
text: at four uniforms apiece. Thousands
dialog: of people who can sew forgeries.
dialog: Apologies that I don't have
text: definitive answers.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You're still not working nights.
text: Fleury stays quiet, studying, calculating, thinking: we got a
dialog: Handler that's going to be tough to handle.
speaker_heading: 62 OMITTED 62
scene_heading: 63 INT. GIDEON YOUNG'S OFFICE - EVENING RUSH HOUR, EST 63
text: Director Grace already sits in front of Young's desk.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR GRACE
dialog: Good afternoon, Sir.
text: Young says nothing, just pulls a memo from his bag, clears
text: his throat -- still no eye-contact -- reads aloud like a poor
dialog: man's Orson Welles:
speaker_heading: GIDEON YOUNG
dialog: `Sunlight is indeed the most
text: powerful disinfectant.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 53.
speaker_heading: GIDEON YOUNG (CONT'D)
dialog: In that spirit I come before this
dialog: Judiciary Committee with a painful
dialog: admission.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Simply: I've lost all confidence in
dialog: the FBI, especially it's uppermost
text: echelon. Entrenched and outmoded,
dialog: the Leadership has shown itself
dialog: fearful of the pioneering thought
dialog: this Committee and I have tried to
dialog: imbue. It is thus an Agency at
dialog: contretemps, hindering our every
dialog: effort.' And by `Committee' I mean
text: the fucking SENATE SELECT COMMITTEE
text: ON TERROR...
text: Young finally makes eye contact: expecting something like
text: fear, remorse, back-pedalling...
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR GRACE
dialog: Senators? Then I'd change
dialog: `outmoded' to `outdated,'
dialog: `echelons' to `ranks' and what in
dialog: God's name is `contretemps?' These
dialog: guys aren't the best and brightest-
text: Young's face flashes red, seething:
speaker_heading: GIDEON YOUNG
dialog: -never take the Lord's name in vain
dialog: in this office-
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR GRACE
dialog: -but you can say `Fucking?'
text: Young apoplectic now: ready to end the Director right there,
text: when Grace leans in, lets the vague threat of physical
dialog: contact manifest.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR GRACE (CONT'D)
dialog: You're going to the Senate Select
dialog: Committee, but not to the President
dialog: who appointed you. Why's that?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I bet the President wasn't the
dialog: audience you thought he'd be: I'll
dialog: bet he realized you can't have
dialog: Voters asking why the second-
dialog: longest serving FBI Director gets
dialog: fired for doing his job, for
dialog: sending Agents into Saudi Arabia,
dialog: seven months from mid-term
dialog: elections-
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 54.
speaker_heading: GIDEON YOUNG
dialog: -you really want to bet?
text: Grace snaps his ID badge off his lapel, puts it on the table.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR GRACE
dialog: I do.
text: Young's pallor tells us his bluff has been called. Goes
text: silent. Grace smells it, finishes him now:
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR GRACE (CONT'D)
dialog: Westmoreland made all us Officers
dialog: write our own obituaries during
dialog: Tet, when it looked like the Cong
dialog: were going to end it all right
dialog: there. Once we clued-in that life
dialog: was finite, the loss of it no
dialog: longer scared us: the end comes no
dialog: matter what, it's just a question
dialog: of how you want to go out: on your
dialog: feet or on your knees. After that,
dialog: we went out and pulled triggers
dialog: until barrels melted. And Vietnam
dialog: lasted another seven years.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: The lesson extends to this career:
dialog: I ACT, knowing the end of this job
dialog: will come, no matter what. You
dialog: should do the same.
text: Grace waits: nothing else from Young. Stands, snaps his ID
text: badge back on his lapel, walks out.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR GRACE (CONT'D)
dialog: I'll forward Fleury's reports.
scene_heading: 64 EXT. OUTSIDE AL-RAHMAH HOUSING COMPLEX - NIGHT, SAUDI TIME 64
text: The convoy brakes impossibly close to a checkpoint. Waved
text: through perimeters staffed by SANG and Police. Fatigues,
text: automatic rifles, peering at the tinted windows.
scene_heading: 65 INT. MIDDLE SUBURBAN - NEXT MOMENT 65
text: Crew arrives at a crime-scene that spans the immediate
text: horizon. White tents with SANG sitting under each. Industrial
text: lights outline shattered buildings, idle heavy equipment,
text: bombed-out automobiles. TIGHT ON MAYES looking out.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 55.
speaker_heading: JANET MAYES
dialog: That's one of the great horrors of
dialog: television: Crime scene
dialog: manipulation. They say a TV camera
dialog: adds pounds to actresses. Isn't
dialog: that what they say?
speaker_heading: ADAM LEAVITT
dialog: Who's "they?"
speaker_heading: JANET MAYES
dialog: That is what they say. Doesn't add
dialog: to crime scenes. Television cameras
dialog: shrink them. Misrepresent. No
text: smells. Poor sound. Limited view.
dialog: TV always makes them look smaller.
dialog: You can't feel the hatred on
dialog: television.
text: TIGHT ON FLEURY: Quiet and focused, taking everything in.
speaker_heading: FLEURY
text: ...heads on a swivel, people.
scene_heading: 66 EXT. AL-RAHMAH COMMUNITY CENTER - NEXT MOMENT 66
text: Two more security perimeters of SANG surround the Community
text: Center: blinding portable lights, heavy machine guns mounted
text: in the backs of Humvees track the convoy as it comes to a
text: stop: every troop on-guard. The Team tentatively exits: 100
text: pairs of glares from heavily-armed SANG.
text: Soldiers descend on the Teams' bags, paletts of equipment.
text: Long leers at Janet: not so much `sexual' as `wary.' Janet
text: goes for her own bag. Haytham goes for it at the same time.
text: Their hands accidently touch. Haytham pulls back fast,
dialog: embarrassed.
speaker_heading: JANET MAYES
speaker_heading: EASY.
text: Janet notices the nasty marks around Haytham's right ear.
scene_heading: 67 INT. AL-RAHMAH COMMUNITY CENTER - NEXT MOMENT 67
text: Florescent lights make it ugly. Haytham dumps duffel-bags by
text: their bunks, SANG stack steel travel-boxes from the paletts
text: inside. No windows, AC cranked to `coldest.' Americans sealed-
dialog: in - in the name of comfort.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 56.
text: Janet's area made obvious with a floral partition. She
text: immediately folds it, puts it into a corner. Haytham watches
dialog: her undo his work.
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: The bathrooms are through that
dialog: door. I will be here tomorrow
dialog: morning so we can begin.
speaker_heading: FLEURY
dialog: What time tomorrow morning?
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: Sunrise.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: What time is sunrise?
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: (beat)
dialog: When I knock.
text: Al-Ghazi and Haytham leave. The doors close behind them, then
text: the sound of a key turning in a lock. The Americans look on,
dialog: half-disbelief, half-comedy: locking us in.
speaker_heading: GRANT SYKES
dialog: That's against fire code.
speaker_heading: JANET MAYES
dialog: They don't have fire codes. They
dialog: don't have codes other than codes
dialog: of war. They'll lock us in and dial
dialog: up some kind of earth movers if
dialog: they want to. You know that, Sykes.
dialog: Dig a big hole and push us in. Fill
text: it up and no one comes calling.
dialog: You're in the jungle now, baby.
text: Silence as the crew digests this odd little verbal outage.
speaker_heading: ADAM LEAVITT
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: You alright, girl?
speaker_heading: JANET MAYES
dialog: Watch it, boy.
speaker_heading: ADAM LEAVITT
dialog: Just asking...
speaker_heading: JANET MAYES
dialog: Unpack.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 57.
text: Everyone hits their own bags first.
speaker_heading: FLEURY
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Saudi slow roll...
text: Fleury pulls out his laptop, wakes it up from sleep mode.
text: Eyes a photo of Kevin on his desktop, picks up the phone.
speaker_heading: LYLA FLEURY
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: Hey... How are you? How's my boy?
speaker_heading: LYLA FLEURY
dialog: We're just fine. How are you?
dialog: Where are you?
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: I'm here...
dialog: (quick beat)
dialog: Lemme talk to my boy.
text: A BEAT as Lyla passes the phone to Kevin.
speaker_heading: KEVIN FLEURY (O.S.)
dialog: Daddy?
speaker_heading: FLEURY
dialog: What you doing?
speaker_heading: KEVIN FLEURY (O.S.)
dialog: I'm talking to you. What are you
dialog: doing right now, Daddy? Right now?
speaker_heading: FLEURY
dialog: I'm missing you.
speaker_heading: KEVIN FLEURY (O.S.)
dialog: Where are you?
speaker_heading: FLEURY
dialog: I'm in Saudi Arabia.
speaker_heading: KEVIN FLEURY (O.S.)
dialog: Did you see Big Fran?
dialog: A Beat...
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 58.
speaker_heading: FLEURY
dialog: Yeah... I saw him...
speaker_heading: (PAUSE)
dialog: I saw him.
speaker_heading: KEVIN FLEURY (O.S.)
dialog: Is he still tall?
speaker_heading: FLEURY
dialog: Yeah... Yeah...he's still tall.
text: Silence... as Fleury takes a beat to collect himself.
speaker_heading: KEVIN FLEURY (O.S.)
dialog: Daddy? Are you still there?
speaker_heading: FLEURY
dialog: Yeah, buddy. I love you. Keep your
dialog: eye on your mama. Be the man.
speaker_heading: KEVIN FLEURY (O.S.)
dialog: You, too Daddy.
speaker_heading: FLEURY
dialog: I'll call you tomorrow. I love you.
speaker_heading: KEVIN FLEURY (O.S.)
dialog: Bye, Daddy.
text: Fleury begins unpacking.
scene_heading: 68 EXT. AL-RAHMAH COMMUNITY CENTER - 4:30 AM 68
text: Pre-dawn: Eight black suburbans parked on the side street:
text: waiting. The doors of the first four open in-unison. 20 Arab,
text: suited SECURITY GUARDS exit.
text: Al-Ghazi unlocks the door to the compound: the team stands
text: dressed, waiting. CLOSE-UP: The Team steps out to see
text: massive, organized security.
text: From one of the vehicles exits a middle aged AMERICAN -
text: sweating a bit, hanging back, watching. This is US Deputy
text: Chief of Mission, the Embassy's second-in-command: DAMON
speaker_heading: SCHMIDT.
text: Another 100 Security CONTRACTORS remain vigilant: SNIPERS on
text: roof-tops, in machine-gun nests.
text: Schmidt approaches Fleury.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 59.
speaker_heading: SCHMIDT
dialog: (big smile)
dialog: You are in so much trouble.
speaker_heading: FLEURY
dialog: Is that right?
speaker_heading: SCHMIDT
dialog: For sure. I mean, I don't know how
dialog: you did it. Nice work, but if you
dialog: live through this, which I put at
dialog: about fifty percent - if you do,
dialog: your balls are gonna get stretched
dialog: and beaten on. Dig that?
text: Fleury stares at this freak show. Schmidt sticks out a paw.
speaker_heading: SCHMIDT (CONT'D)
dialog: Damon Schmidt. State Department.
dialog: I'm in charge of getting you out of
dialog: here.
text: PRINCE BIN KHALED and his INNER-CIRCLE exit a Suburban and
text: approach: All in traditional dress. The Prince locks eyes
dialog: with Fleury.
text: IN THE BG, forklifts rumble-hiss to life, placing Jersey
text: barriers around the community center.
speaker_heading: SCHMIDT (CONT'D)
dialog: Don't let go of his hand first.
text: Major disrespect.
text: One of the inner-circle, without a word, takes off the FBI-
text: emblazoned windbreaker worn by Leavitt and places it on a
text: short-sleeved Janet. Careful not to touch skin.
text: Only then does Prince Bin Khaled approach. A lone
text: PHOTOGRAPHER follows: snapping pictures. Different
dialog: definitions of personal space: four inches separation as Bin
text: Khaled greets each Team member in accented English. Janet
text: last: the pictures suddenly stop. The Prince gives a little
text: curtsy, no words, steps back to Fleury: the pictures re-
text: start. Bin Khaled holds Fleury's hand sixth-grade boyfriend-
dialog: style.
scene_heading: PRINCE BIN KHALED
dialog: (in Arabic)
dialog: This is our level of commitment to
dialog: bringing Terrorists to justice:
text: Motions to the Americans. No more unflattering a portrait:
text: pre-coffee, post-twelve hour flight, hours unpacking...
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 60.
text: As the cameras start flashing. Angle on Al-Ghazi and Haytham
text: placed to stand next to the Americans. Haytham clearly not
dialog: comfortable with this kind of attention.
speaker_heading: PRINCE BIN KHALED (CONT'D)
dialog: We've invited American legal
dialog: officials into our Kingdom despite
dialog: current difficulties between the US
dialog: and Islam. They will observe our
dialog: advanced investigative techniques,
text: offering helpful hints.
dialog: (to Fleury in English)
dialog: You will please honor me with your
dialog: presence tonight at my home.
dialog: (beat, a stunted nod)
dialog: Yes.
text: The Prince turns back to the convoy. Entire entourage
text: follows. One of the Security Contractors catches the jacket
text: Janet hurls back at him, tosses it to Leavitt. Convoy gone.
text: The team turns: 100 glares again. Fleury blinks out the
text: camera flashes, takes in all the eyeballs.
text: Fleury looks up at a retreating Damon Schmidt.
speaker_heading: SCHMIDT
dialog: Nice pictures. You guys ready to go
dialog: home now?
text: Dead eyes from Fleury. He's clearly not amused.
speaker_heading: SCHMIDT (CONT'D)
dialog: OK. If you change your minds, I got
text: a plane fueled up and ready to go -
dialog: got your name all over it...
text: He points a finger gun at Fleury.
speaker_heading: SCHMIDT (CONT'D)
dialog: Strap your kevlar on tight, people.
text: SCHMIDT takes off. Sykes by Fleury.
speaker_heading: GRANT SYKES
dialog: Slow roll... gonna be like when you
dialog: go deep sea fishing in Florida and
dialog: you pay seven hundred bucks for the
dialog: boat and you sit in the ocean for
text: hours and the crew jumps around and
dialog: screams and points and you think
dialog: your constantly about to bag a
dialog: Marlin but you never do and they
dialog: keep pointing and jumping and-
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 61.
speaker_heading: FLEURY
dialog: Enough.
text: Haytham walks off by himself, shaking off the shady Royal
text: photo vibe, looking back at the Americans. From behind him:
speaker_heading: POLICE OFFICER
dialog: You're willing to die to protect
dialog: your enemy?
text: Haytham turns. An older POLICE OFFICER stands with a GROUP of
text: SANG twenty feet behind him, eyeing Haytham.
text: Back to Fleury: he looks to Al-Ghazi.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: What did the Prince say?
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: (beat)
dialog: That there are more rules than just
dialog: not working at night.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: What rules?
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: You are here as observers. Not
dialog: investigators.
text: Fleury tries to remain cool.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: That's not accurate--
text: Al-Ghazi ignores Fleury.
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: --I need to make sure the sites are
dialog: secure. Then you can begin
dialog: observing.
text: Leavitt looks around at the Security as Al-Ghazi hustles off:
speaker_heading: ADAM LEAVITT
dialog: (to Fleury)
dialog: How could they get more secure?
text: The Team slowly realizes they're not going anywhere yet, dump
text: their bags in a pile, already disgusted.
text: In the distance, the group of SANG stare back at our team.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 62.
scene_heading: 68A INT. LOCATION UNKNOWN - TIME UNKNOWN 68A
text: Hold on an empty 2' X 1' X 6" balsa wood box set on a dirty
text: linoleum floor.
text: Ancient hands line the balsa wood box with bricks of putty-
text: gray plastic explosive. We immediately notice the right hand
text: is missing the index and middle fingers. The hands insert
text: bright-red blasting caps into the explosives, lengths of
text: detonating-wire emanating from each cap.
text: Another set of stronger, younger, in-tact hands gently pours
text: a mixture into the box now. Ball bearings, children's jacks,
text: marbles, razor blades, roofing nails. Everything malevolent
text: densities and angles. Some pieces bounce out, run along the
text: floor. The younger hands then start pressing/molding the
text: pieces of soon-to-be shrapnel into the putty-gray plastic
dialog: explosives.
scene_heading: 68B EXT. AL-RAHMAH COMMUNITY CENTER - LATER 68B
text: Al-Ghazi and General Malik stand outside.
text: The Athan sounds for Dhuhr.
text: 100 soldiers immediately drop to their knees.
scene_heading: 69 INT. AL-RAHMAH COMMUNITY CENTER HOOPS COURT - 9:00 AM 69
text: TIGHT ON FLEURY: focused, Thinking. Sykes next to him.
text: O.C. The Athan sounds again for Dhuhr.
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: Well, this is going well...
speaker_heading: FLEURY
dialog: Saudi Slow Roll.
text: Sykes and Fleury lean against the locked door, staring at the
text: pathetic sight before them: Janet's truly awful jumper...
text: that somehow swishes every time. Before she lands, cocky and
dialog: smooth:
speaker_heading: JANET MAYES
dialog: Good.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 63.
text: Then the metallic swish of the all-weather net. Leavitt boxes
text: out air for the non-existent rebound, grabs the ball, chest-
text: passes it Great Santini-hard back to Janet who softly sucks
text: in the pass. Playing in their cargo pants and hiking boots.
speaker_heading: LEAVITT
dialog: How do you do that?
text: Janet gently bounce-passes it back:
speaker_heading: JANET MAYES
dialog: Check.
speaker_heading: LEAVITT
dialog: Don't say `good' again.
text: Janet takes the check from Leavitt: before he can react, she
dialog: drains a 30-footer. Same cockiness, different word:
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: Bueno.
text: Fleury with Sykes still standing in the same spot. Looks up:
text: Al-Ghazi coming into the building. Fleury ready to vent until
text: something surprises him: breathless, Al-Ghazi has broken a
text: wide-sweat hustling back to the Americans. Fleury's face
text: relaxes. He pulls a bottle of water out of a cooler, hands
dialog: it to Al-Ghazi.
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: I am sorry for the time.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You won't need you gear.
text: Fleury can't help a small smile.
speaker_heading: FLEURY
dialog: (to Sykes, himself)
dialog: Of course we won't.
scene_heading: 70 EXT. AL-RAHMAH - MOMENTS LATER 70
text: Hands in pockets. Soak in the aftermath: shallow but wide
text: crater, shredded backstop, nearby buildings torn, blood baked
text: into dirt. Fifteen cars.
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI (O.C.)
dialog: The remaining rules: you cannot
dialog: touch evidence, question anyone
dialog: without me present, touch Muslim
dialog: dead, or leave my sight at anytime:
dialog: your safety is my primary concern.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 64.
speaker_heading: FLEURY
dialog: I would have thought your primary
dialog: concern was investigating a crime.
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: And you would be mistaken.
text: Sykes looks over to Fleury. Crooked smile.
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: (to Fleury)
dialog: I think it's one of those
dialog: "something happens to us... his
dialog: head comes off" kind of deals.
dialog: (to Al-Ghazi)
dialog: Is it one of those kind of deals,
dialog: Colonel?
text: Al-Ghazi ignores Sykes.
speaker_heading: FLEURY
dialog: So, if you're not running the
dialog: investigation...who is?
text: Al-Ghazi motions to 50 MEN in uniforms different than his:
text: SANG troops digging, bagging evidence, marking the scene with
text: red-flags.
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: The National Guard's Military
dialog: Police Brigade is conducting the
dialog: investigation. My orders begin and
dialog: end with your health.
text: The Team: so we're on Tour. Fleury still silent.
speaker_heading: ADAM LEAVITT
dialog: I thought the SANG were soldiers--
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: --the bombers didn't wear a
text: soldier's uniform. They wore mine.
text: Fleury finally speaks, asking the most important question:
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: Who is in charge of the
dialog: investigation then?
dialog: Al-Ghazi points to a Man we've seen before, General Abdul-
text: Malik. Haytham's Interrogator. He pours over a table 20 feet
text: away: maps, blueprints, utility schematics spread before him.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 65.
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: General Abdul-Malik. He's given us
dialog: permission to walk through each
dialog: crime-scene.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: To walk through? Are you kidding
dialog: me?
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: I am not.
text: Starting to get heated.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: Get him over here now and let's
dialog: clarify this situation.
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
text: There is no lack of clarification.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: There sure as hell is! I don't know
dialog: what kind of game you're playing
dialog: but you got the wrong guy, Colonel
dialog: Al-Ghazi! That was not the deal-
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: (getting hot)
dialog: This is not a game show, Mr.
dialog: Fleury! There are no deals made
dialog: here. There is me telling you what
dialog: you may or may not do and there is
dialog: you doing it.
text: Beat. As Al-Ghazi stabilizes...
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI (CONT'D)
dialog: You will be permitted to walk
dialog: through the crime scenes. When we
dialog: have determined that it is safe.
text: A stand off. Fleury eyes Al-Ghazi. Trying to figure this guy
dialog: out.
text: Sees something that looks like a flash of embarrassment in Al-
text: Ghazi's eyes: unable to perform his profession, relegated to
text: Tour Guide. Leavitt begins taking notes. Haytham sees his
text: notebook, snaps his fingers at Al-Ghazi who looks, nods: let
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: OK.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 66.
text: Fleury tight-grins. Looks off. In one of the apartments, he
text: sees a PERSON looking down at them from behind a curtain.
text: He tries a new tactic.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY (CONT'D)
dialog: How have you guys been doing with
dialog: the witnesses?
speaker_heading: AL-GHAZI
dialog: What witnesses?
text: Al-Ghazi just stares at Fleury.
speaker_heading: FLEURY
dialog: I'm guessing there are a bunch of
dialog: Americans, Brits... Australians?
dialog: Someone must have seen something.
dialog: I'm sure they're just dying to talk
dialog: to you guys, seeing as how the
dialog: killers were wearing your uniforms.
dialog: That must be a real confidence
dialog: booster for them.
text: Al-Ghazi silent, staring.
speaker_heading: FLEURY (CONT'D)
dialog: Let me talk to them.
text: Al-Ghazi looks unsure. He was not expecting this.
scene_heading: 71 EXT. RIPON FAMILY HOME 71
text: Fleury and Al-Ghazi walk up the front walk. Fleury noticing
text: kids bikes, hockey gear, a comfortable easy chair covered in
text: fur outside on the front porch, toy guns.
scene_heading: 72 INT. RIPON FAMILY HOME - MOMENTS LATER 72
text: Fleury sits with the RIPONS: EARL (40s) JANINE, his wife
text: (30s), and MADDY, Earl's mother (late 60s). Earl sits on an
text: ugly couch, a plywood sheet right above their heads. Everyone
text: uneasy save the CAT in Maddy's lap. Fleury waves off a bottle
text: of water from Janine. Al-Ghazi hovers awkwardly by the front
dialog: door.
scene_heading: AWKWARD INTERVIEW:
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: There's still a couple of hundred
dialog: of us living on the compound.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 67.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: Why Saudi Arabia?
text: A moment as Earl and Janine get a bit defensive:
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Neither of us did anymore schooling
dialog: than Electra High, Electra Texas.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: OK.
text: Al-Ghazi sees Janine smile, squeeze Earl's hand tighter.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: And the jobs here pay twice what
dialog: you'd make in Midland or the Gulf
dialog: a' Mexico. Plus the house is free.
text: Earl's mother Maddy looks at Fleury, pets the cat.
speaker_heading: JANINE RIPON
dialog: I call it combat pay. This place
dialog: has gone Guns - Guns - Guns.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: So has Everyone else now.
speaker_heading: JANINE
dialog: My girlfriends in Texas spend their
dialog: combat pay on diamonds... I spent
text: mine on a safe room.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: (chuckles)
dialog: Two nights back. Can you start one
dialog: second before you knew anything was
dialog: wrong?
speaker_heading: JANINE
dialog: We didn't really see anything. Just
text: hit the ground and hustled to the
dialog: safe room. Closed our eyes and
text: prayed. It was so fast. So loud.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: So you really didn't see anything.
speaker_heading: MADDY
text: I hit the deck. Horrible.
speaker_heading: JANINE
dialog: Not `til after. Just the screams--
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 68.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: -- the kids... they were screaming.
dialog: That got me out of the house. Those
dialog: kids.
speaker_heading: FLEURY
dialog: Which kids were those?
speaker_heading: JANINE
dialog: The Jackson kids. Tracy Jackson
text: next door was murdered looking out
text: her window...front of her children.
dialog: No safe room over there...
dialog: (right at Al-Ghazi)
dialog: Not even the Men that did this
dialog: should die in front a' their
dialog: babies.
text: Fleury lets moments pass. Earl rubs his wife's leg, trying to
text: comfort her. Al-Ghazi hides emotion.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: She live with her husband?
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Aaron.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: (beat)
dialog: If I'm facing your house, is the
dialog: Jackson home to the right or left?
speaker_heading: JANINE
dialog: Left.
text: Fleury looks out the window towards the Jackson house.
scene_heading: 73 EXT. JACKSON HOME - SAME MOMENT 73
text: Next door to the Ripons. Fleury knocks. Door opens: a sad MAN
text: with black bags under dying eyes. Disgusted-resigned breath
text: through a half-open mouth. Silver watch and Polo insignia...
text: sees Al-Ghazi, eyes come alive, teeth grit.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: Mr. Aaron Jackson?
speaker_heading: AARON JACKSON
dialog: (re: Al-Ghazi)
dialog: Get him away from me-
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 69.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: -easy, Sir. He's a friend to us-
speaker_heading: AARON JACKSON
dialog: -I don't know either one a' you.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: I'm Special Agent Ronald Fleury of
dialog: the FBI. This is Colonel Al-Ghazi
dialog: with the Saudi State Police-
speaker_heading: AARON JACKSON
dialog: -the Police: they attacked.
text: Al-Ghazi quietly backs away, walks away. Fleury looks after
text: him, turns back to Mr. Jackson who stares after Al-Ghazi:
text: hate. Fleury unsure what to do next.
speaker_heading: AARON JACKSON (CONT'D)
dialog: I just put my boys down for the
dialog: first time in two days. I can't
dialog: wake `em and sure as hell can't be
dialog: gone if they stir on their own.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: Can I come back?
speaker_heading: AARON JACKSON
dialog: (too loud)
speaker_heading: WHY?
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: Your boys...
text: Jackson remembers the warning he just spoke...
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY (CONT'D)
dialog: To ask about two nights ago.
text: Fresh tears re-animate his face:
speaker_heading: AARON JACKSON
dialog: When my wife's jaw was shot off in
dialog: front of our sons? My sons who sat
dialog: with her while she bled to death?
dialog: Couldn't speak because she didn't
dialog: have the bottom of her face and I
dialog: wasn't home and my baby boys are
dialog: destroyed for life and my five year-
text: old had a box of band-aids in his
dialog: hand when I finally got home?
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 70.
text: Silence outside of Mr. Jackson's sobbing. Fleury sick to his
text: stomach. Desperate to let this man alone. No eye contact.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: ...I won't pretend to know...
text: Aaron Jackson settles, wipes away tears, appreciates the
text: honesty. Then bites back into his rage:
speaker_heading: AARON JACKSON
dialog: Kill everyone that had something to
dialog: do with this. Everyone related to
dialog: them. Everyone who knew them.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And all you'd be doing is their
dialog: recruiting for them... It's an
dialog: entire generation: not small and
dialog: isolated like they say. But a
dialog: generation that thinks what they
dialog: did to my wife, to my children, is
dialog: a "calling"...
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
text: Up the street, there was a wreck,
dialog: did you see any-
speaker_heading: AARON JACKSON
dialog: -notice how it wouldn't take a lot
dialog: to disguise your friend
dialog: (points to Al-Ghazi)
dialog: as a Mexican? Think he couldn't
dialog: handle crossing our deserts? Look
dialog: around!
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: Aaron-
speaker_heading: AARON JACKSON
dialog: (explodes)
dialog: -LET ME FINISH GOD DAMN YOU-
text: A child's scream from inside. Piercing. Scary. Jackson goes
text: red, clenched fists, steps to Fleury who takes an instinctive
text: step backward, guard-up. Jackson stops, spins back inside. A
text: door slam that rattles the plywood sheet covering the
text: shattered window. The screams become night terror shrieks.
scene_heading: 74 EXT. JACKSON HOME 74
text: A LONG, SAD BEAT, as Fleury and Al-Ghazi stand alone in front
dialog: of the Jackson house.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 71.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: (to Al-Ghazi)
dialog: Can we tour the compound? Can we
dialog: please do that?
text: Slow nod from Al-Ghazi.
scene_heading: 75 EXT. BOMB SITE - LATER 75
text: The team tours the site.
text: As they fan out. They walk casually, but focused through the
text: first bomb site. An inquisitive Mayes, already peering into a
text: mostly in-tact car, halfway out of its parking spot. Al-Ghazi
text: and Haytham watch the Americans like mother-hens.
speaker_heading: JANET MAYES
dialog: He or she almost made it.
text: Fleury steps, looks inside: blood and safety glass coat the
text: seat. Janet points to keys in the ignition: still at the `on'
text: position. Then the stick-shift, pulled to the back right:
text: reverse. The shift-knob bloody...
speaker_heading: JANET MAYES (CONT'D)
dialog: (beat, quieter)
dialog: Makes me think of the Trade Centers
dialog: -- the people on the floors above
dialog: the impacts -- no matter how fast
dialog: or strong or smart you are, if
dialog: you're in the wrong spot, `it' will
dialog: not let you get away.
speaker_heading: FLEURY
dialog: That's what makes this a War.
text: Sykes notices something on the ground... he picks up a
text: military detonator, discretely hands it over to Fleury.
text: Fleury quietly pockets it.
scene_heading: 76 EXT. THIRD BLAST SITE - MOMENTS LATER 76
text: Structures 100 feet away look like they've been hit with a
text: God-sized sawed-off. The crater: 25-feet wide, 7-feet deep.
text: Blackened frames and bits of vehicles circle the crater. The
text: bottom of the crater filled with water. A syphon-pump works
text: overtime. No SANG Investigators around.
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI (O.C.)
text: About one hour into the rescue.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 72.
speaker_heading: ADAM LEAVITT
dialog: Hit a water main?
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: No -- from the tanks of this fire
dialog: engine: that's the water that
text: didn't evaporate in the blast.
text: Al-Ghazi points to a mass of black metal: looks like a fire
text: truck the way a Jackson Pollock looks like the Mona Lisa.
text: Leavitt and Grant stand back. Quiet:
speaker_heading: GRANT SYKES
dialog: (eyes on Fleury)
dialog: Hole is the case. See, there's
dialog: "evidence" down in that hole. You
dialog: understand evidence? Little things
dialog: that are "clues." Clues can be very
dialog: helpful to a fella when he's trying
dialog: to solve a crime.
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: I understand that.
speaker_heading: GRANT SYKES
dialog: Glad to hear it. So can we get in
dialog: there?
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: No.
text: Sykes holds Al-Ghazi's gaze. Smiles.
speaker_heading: GRANT SYKES
dialog: OK.
text: Fleury is taking in the entire crime scene. He notices a four
text: story building half a mile off the perimeter.
text: He watches Al-Ghazi rip at a chunk of floorboard wedged into
dialog: the mud, bag it himself, search for someone to give it too.
text: Nobody. Sets it down. Stands, wipes his hands hard on his
text: pants. Fleury could swear the dirt stains are intentional:
text: trying to feel like he's doing something.
scene_heading: 77 EXT. DESERTED STREET, AL-RAHMAH - MOMENTS LATER 77
text: The Land Cruiser Haytham rammed - driver's side crushed,
text: bullet holes, out-of-control skid-marks, asphalt scars from
dialog: the snapped drive shaft...
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 73.
text: Fleury is moving around the scene, restaging the shoot out.
text: Instantly lining up the angles.
text: Leavitt's taking digital snaps of the shattered Land Cruiser.
text: Through the viewfinder: the caved-in door. Two snaps.
text: A SANG passes Adam, his gun aimed a touch high.
speaker_heading: ADAM LEAVITT
dialog: (to Fleury)
dialog: A little high...
speaker_heading: FLEURY
dialog: (to SANG, "Lower," in
dialog: Arabic)
dialog: Watt-tee...
speaker_heading: ADAM LEAVITT
dialog: Watt-tee fuck (alt: "Watt-tee
dialog: hell...") is his gun doing up so
dialog: high?
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: (to Fleury)
dialog: This vehicle was stolen. Two
text: drivers murdered. A team outside
text: the blast-radius...shooting at
dialog: anything. Everyone.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Sergeant Haytham ended this part.
speaker_heading: ADAM LEAVITT
dialog: (to Al-Ghazi)
dialog: Are the Shooters in-custody-
scene_heading: SERGEANT HAYTHAM
dialog: -dead.
dialog: So Sergeant Haytham speaks English...
speaker_heading: FLEURY
dialog: Were any of these shooters your
dialog: men?
scene_heading: SERGEANT HAYTHAM
dialog: No.
text: Fleury's thinking, looking into the car. Searching the
text: horizon, he spots a distant apartment building providing a
text: view of the crime scene.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 74.
speaker_heading: FLEURY
dialog: They got into the compound.
dialog: Somehow...took control of this
dialog: vehicle. I'm guessing they didn't
dialog: politely ask whoever was in this
dialog: car if they could take it for a
dialog: little ride?
text: Fleury gets in the car, checking out ballistic shreds in the
text: back of the passenger seat headrest.
speaker_heading: AL-GHAZI
dialog: No, they didn't. There were two
text: officers in the car. Both were
dialog: executed.
speaker_heading: FLEURY
dialog: I understand that. Those men were
dialog: your men--
scene_heading: SERGEANT HAYTHAM
dialog: -- they were. They were Police.
speaker_heading: FLEURY
dialog: I'm sorry.
text: Al-Ghazi offers the slightest of nods to Fleury.
speaker_heading: FLEURY (CONT'D)
dialog: Where was this car when they hit
dialog: it?
scene_heading: a77A EXT. AL-RAHMAH - MAIN GATE a77A
text: Al-Ghazi leads our team to the main gate. Sykes and Fleury
dialog: follow close.
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: Security is a combination of the
dialog: police and military.
text: Leavitt and Mayes lag behind a bit. Leavitt makes eye
text: contact with a YOUNG SAUDI behind the .50 caliber.
speaker_heading: JANET MAYES
dialog: Good news is that if he shoots you,
dialog: he's gonna shoot you sitting on an
dialog: American tank... with an American-
dialog: made bullet. So, it's kind of "all
dialog: in the family."
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 75.
speaker_heading: ADAM LEAVITT
dialog: How about we get into those
dialog: American Suburbans... with their
dialog: American A/C...
text: Al-Ghazi continues the tour as Fleury once again notes the
text: familiar apartment off in the distance.
scene_heading: 77A EXT. AL-RAHMAH - SECURITY STATION CAR PARK - LATER 77A
text: A car port. Fleury and team moving around the area. Fleury
text: picks up some broken glass from the ground.
speaker_heading: FLEURY
dialog: The car was parked here?
speaker_heading: AL-GHAZI
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: FLEURY
dialog: Backed in?
speaker_heading: AL-GHAZI
dialog: Yes.
text: Fleury studies the scene.
speaker_heading: FLEURY
text: They were attacked from the front.
dialog: Must have assumed the killers were
dialog: fellow officers... Have any of
dialog: these men been identified?
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: Not yet. We will check certain
dialog: neighborhoods. It is likely that
dialog: the four men prayed at the same
dialog: Mosque.
speaker_heading: JANET MAYES
dialog: The same Mosque is enough to
dialog: identify them, link them to a cell?
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: Yes. If the Mosque is in Suweidi.
speaker_heading: ADAM LEAVITT
dialog: Suweidi?
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 76.
speaker_heading: JANET MAYES
dialog: Suweidi is a known militant
dialog: stonghold. Al-Qaeda could recruit
text: from storefronts.
text: On Fleury: he looks back at the homes, then up and around: He
text: locks on the OBSERVATION BUILDING in the distance.
speaker_heading: FLEURY
dialog: Can we go to check out some of
dialog: these surrounding buildings?
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: FLEURY
dialog: Seems reasonable that the Planner
dialog: had to observe and based on Hamza's
dialog: past history, it's consistent that
dialog: he would want to video the attack.
dialog: Is that true? Is that accurate?
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: That is true.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: Well, in order to video, in order
dialog: to observe, you need a view.
text: Fleury points to one particular building.
speaker_heading: FLEURY
dialog: That building sees all three crime
dialog: scenes.
text: Al-Ghazi looks up to the building. Back to Fleury.
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: (beat)
text: It's outside the walls-
speaker_heading: ADAM LEAVITT
dialog: -c'mon now. This is insane: we got
dialog: enough security to invade Suweidi,
dialog: let alone that building-
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: -no you don't.
speaker_heading: FLEURY
dialog: (to Al-Ghazi, respectful)
dialog: Could you ask?
speaker_heading: (MORE)
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 77.
speaker_heading: FLEURY (CONT'D)
dialog: We're already seeing the crime-
dialog: scenes individually -- why not all
dialog: at once?
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: Any answer will take-
speaker_heading: FLEURY
dialog: -time. I understand.
text: Fleury speaks slowly and clearly now: like he's cementing his
text: words in his own head as he speaks them.
speaker_heading: FLEURY (CONT'D)
dialog: You have to ask the General, then
dialog: the General would ask the Prince.
dialog: Does it go higher or is that... is
dialog: the Prince the end of the chain?
text: Al-Ghazi hesitates, can't help but be charmed. Fleury clearly
dialog: knows when to step-on or lay-off the gas. He's smooth... and
text: HIGHLY EFFECTIVE: Al-Ghazi nods `yes' to the strange half-
dialog: question.
speaker_heading: FLEURY (CONT'D)
dialog: We'll be at the Community Center.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Janet, wanna play hoops?
scene_heading: 78 INT. AL-RAHMAH COMMUNITY CENTER HOOPS COURT - NOON 78
text: We're in the big gym as our team sits and waits. Leavitt taps
text: on a laptop.
text: Janet shoots free throws by herself.
speaker_heading: JANET MAYES
dialog: This is the kind of radical
dialog: circumstance that could have
dialog: seriously upped Shaq's free throw
dialog: percentages. Take a man. Ship him
text: off to Riyadh. No phones, constant
dialog: threat of death, no girls, no hip
dialog: hop. Nothing... just free throws.
dialog: Shaq, he'd be shooting at least
dialog: seventy percent. Lakers would still
dialog: be together. Kobe and Shaq lovers
dialog: forever.
text: Leavitt calls to Fleury.
speaker_heading: LEAVITT
dialog: Hey, Boss... check this out.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 78.
text: Fleury moves over to Leavitt. Checks out the screen.
speaker_heading: LEAVITT (CONT'D)
dialog: Just posted half hour ago.
scene_heading: IMAGES ON THE COMPUTER: ARABIC EXTREMIST WEBSITE. Video
text: footage shot from the rooftop of all three bombings and some
dialog: of the machine gun killings.
speaker_heading: LEAVITT (CONT'D)
dialog: So self congratulatory. Makes me
dialog: sick.
text: Fleury studies the footage. Backs it up plays it again and
dialog: again.
scene_heading: 78A INT. LOCATION UNKNOWN - TIME UNKNOWN 78A
text: A set of stronger, younger, in-tact hands gently pours a
text: mixture into a box now. Ball bearings, children's jacks,
text: marbles, razor blades, roofing nails: everything malevolent
text: densities and angles. Some pieces bounce out, run along the
text: floor. The younger hands then start pressing/molding the
text: pieces of soon-to-be shrapnel into the putty.
scene_heading: 79 EXT. RIYADH SUBURB NEAR COMPOUND - AFTERNOON 79
text: Five car convoy moving quickly through the city.
scene_heading: 80 EXT. SPOTTER APARTMENT- LATER 80
text: Our convoy pulls up in front of the apartment. They exit the
text: vehicles. Our team stands surrounded by a 50-man security
dialog: detail, rifle-stocks to shoulders. Double-time it - outside
text: the walls now, hostile territory. Two-man sniper teams out
text: front. Al-Ghazi ten steps ahead.
text: A SANG five car security CREW pulls up, tracking Fleury and
text: company. A stand off between the two police forces.
scene_heading: 81 EXT. SPOTTER APARTMENT - NEXT MOMENT 81
text: The SANG Officer in-charge steps to Al-Ghazi. In Arabic:
speaker_heading: SANG OFFICER
dialog: This is unacceptable.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 79.
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: It's cleared with General Abdul-
dialog: Malik. We have five minutes here.
scene_heading: SPECIAL FORCES OFFICER
dialog: We were told they must remain in
dialog: the vehicles...
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: That is not true...
scene_heading: SPECIAL FORCES OFFICER
dialog: They must stay in the Toyotas-
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: -report me then when you get in-
dialog: touch with the General-
text: -Officer reaches down from nowhere and hammers Al-Ghazi open-
text: handed as Al-Ghazi tries to step past. Collective shock.
text: In that breath, Haytham punishes the Officer with a left-
text: cross: knees buckle before he comprehends what hit him.
text: Haytham's kick follows, catches the Officer in the sternum as
text: he hits ground.
text: Al-Ghazi shakes it out, trades blows with the SANG second in-
dialog: command.
text: Leavitt moves, catches a rifle butt to the shoulder after two
text: steps. Fleury aims, drills the Soldier that butted Leavitt:
text: instant night-night. Another SANG steps up. Fleury throats
text: him, knee caps him, and grabs his weapon before the dude hits
dialog: the ground.
dialog: Fleury can obviously fight... all the above happens in four
dialog: seconds.
text: Then, a `knock-it-off' gunshot aimed at the sky pops one-foot
text: from Janet's head. We hear what she hears: one half-second of
text: the shot, then the big ring. On her knees immediately, hand
text: over her ear. In response: heavy-caliber gunfire flies: group
text: flinch-n-crouch. The warning shots from a .50-caliber mounted
text: on a Humvee racing this way from Al-Rahmah: dust plumes from
text: the speed. Members of the security detail and the Special
text: Forces go Mexican stand-off.
speaker_heading: JANET MAYES
dialog: Tell me it didn't burst-tell me it
dialog: didn't burst-
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 80.
text: Al-Ghazi the first to her, touching her hand to pull it away
text: from the ear. A SANG nearby sees this: spits two inches from
text: Al-Ghazi. Al-Ghazi leans to Janet's non-ringing side:
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: No blood.
text: The Humvee now slides to stop ten feet from the fracas.
text: General Abdul-Malik out of the passenger seat, in Arabic:
scene_heading: GENERAL ABDUL-MALIK
dialog: WHO FIRED?
text: That Soldier's hand goes up sheepish. Two men out of the
text: Humvee's backseat break him down, face first in the dirt:
text: cuff him, lock him in the vehicle.
speaker_heading: GENERAL ABDUL-MALIK (CONT'D)
speaker_heading: AND WHY?
scene_heading: SPECIAL FORCES OFFICER
dialog: (standing, doubled over)
text: A disagreement.
text: The General grabs the Officer by the back of his head: an
text: abusive Dad. Walks him to the side.
scene_heading: GENERAL ABDUL-MALIK
dialog: (back to Al-Ghazi)
scene_heading: FIVE MINUTES.
text: Al-Ghazi looks back down at Janet, at Leavitt's bruise, at
text: the man Fleury knocked out. Angry. Impressed: fought
text: alongside him. Haytham hasn't moved an inch, not even when
text: the General came, chin raised to an entire platoon: say when.
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: (to Fleury)
text: Five minutes.
text: The SANG move back. The team staggered, slowly remembering
text: why they're here in the first place, finally make their way
text: to the Roof Top.
scene_heading: 82 EXT. ROOF TOP - CONTINUOUS 82
text: Fleury finds a table with a view. Tabletop: holes and finger-
text: paint stains. Al-Ghazi three feet away. Both look in the same
text: direction: two Tigers being held back.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 81.
text: Fleury's studying the housing compound through a video
text: camera, comparing the images on his camera with what he saw
text: posted on the internet.
speaker_heading: FLEURY
dialog: You've seen the images of the
dialog: attack posted on the internet?
speaker_heading: AL-GHAZI
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: FLEURY
dialog: Look for yourself.
text: Al-Ghazi takes the camera from Fleury. He lines up the same
text: shots we saw posted on Leavitt's computer: clearly a match.
dialog: This is where they shot the video
speaker_heading: AL-GHAZI
dialog: He was here...
text: Another long moment. Al-Ghazi looks at the table, discarded
text: trash: the Capri Sun containers, the candy wrappers.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: Formed the plan up here: saw
dialog: everything he could hit.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Way too pretty a' plan to have been
text: fully hatched on just one visit. He
dialog: came here a couple times.
text: Al-Ghazi quiet for a long while. Then he reciprocates:
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: The man who did this is a Saudi -
dialog: this place, this neighborhood... if
dialog: foreigners were up here, someone
dialog: would say something.
text: Fleury looks over to the two dozen LOCALS peering out with
text: suspicion at them on the rooftop.
speaker_heading: FLEURY
dialog: I see.
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: Nobody's talking. Here, many people
dialog: love Hamza - they think of him like
dialog: Bin Laden. Like your Robin Hood.
text: Fleury smiles small at whatever just passed between them. Al-
text: Ghazi stays stoic, then looks straight at Fleury:
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 82.
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI (CONT'D)
dialog: A man who thinks of something like
dialog: this ...while maybe his family
dialog: played around him... scares me more
dialog: than I have words to express.
dialog: Shaytan...
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: (refocusing)
text: Two big answers in two small
dialog: minutes. Imagine if we had a couple
dialog: days together.
text: Al-Ghazi pauses.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm sure the General is good
dialog: guy...and I'm just as sure he's no
dialog: Investigator.
text: Al-Ghazi stands still, silent. Fleury reaches into his
text: pocket. Reveals the detonator to Al-Ghazi. Al-Ghazi reaches
text: to take it. Fleury holds it for a BEAT...
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY (CONT'D)
dialog: Let me help you.
text: He hands the detonator to Al-Ghazi. Al-Ghazi now pockets it.
text: A BEAT...
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: We break now: too hot to work
dialog: outdoors. Then we will leave for
dialog: the Palace.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: And I imagine that will run until
dialog: sundown?
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I had televisions delivered to your
text: quarters to pass the downtime.
text: Fleury just nods back.
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI (CONT'D)
dialog: Miss Mayes will not attend this
dialog: evening. Men only.
text: Fleury looks over to Janet. Hurt, yet extremely defiant, she
text: looks ready to attack anything that comes near her.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 83.
speaker_heading: FLEURY
dialog: You want to tell her that?
scene_heading: 83 EXT. CHEVY SUBURBAN, RIYADH SUBURBS - EARLY EVENING 83
text: Cobra gunships covering the convoy as it blurs past police
text: checkpoint after police checkpoint. Intersections shut down.
text: Bracketed front and back by Saudi Humvees.
scene_heading: 84 INT. CHEVY SUBURBAN, RIYADH SUBURBS - NEXT MOMENT 84
text: Al-Ghazi in the passenger seat, hand on the stock of his Mp-
text: 5: again searching for threats. Our team in back, freshly
text: scrubbed, collared-Polos as formal as anyone thought to pack.
text: Team frustration has evolved into angry acceptance.
text: The convoy zipping alongside a wall now: desert-orange in
text: color, twelve-feet high, blue ottoman tiles running the
text: length of the wall's horizontal center-line.
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: We're here.
text: The helicopters peel off at steep angles, the sound of the
text: rotors reverberating in your chest. Leavitt watching them go:
speaker_heading: ADAM LEAVITT
dialog: Big wall.
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: It's a big palace.
scene_heading: 85 INT. PRINCE BIN KHALED'S PALACE - DAY 85
dialog: Majlis - a Saudi political ceremony in which Saudi citizens
dialog: and local politicians (most aristocratic and exclusive) are
text: permitted a brief audience with the Prince. A bizarre
dialog: receiving line of sorts.
text: Our team moves through a massive marble hallway towards the
dialog: ceremony.
speaker_heading: ADAM LEAVITT
dialog: How many Princes are there?
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: Over 5000.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: They all get palaces this big?
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 84.
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: Some get bigger.
speaker_heading: ADAM LEAVITT
dialog: Who pays for all this?
speaker_heading: GRANT SYKES
dialog: General Motors, Ford, Chevrolet...
speaker_heading: ADAM LEAVITT
dialog: Hey, man - I drive a Hybrid.
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: (a beat...)
dialog: The Prince will ask you about your
dialog: flight, the accommodations...lite
dialog: subjects. If he offers you the
dialog: chance to hold his Raptors, don't
dialog: flinch: it's a compliment.
speaker_heading: ADAM LEAVITT
dialog: (to Grant: genuine worry)
dialog: What's a Raptor?
text: Damon Schmidt appears.
scene_heading: 85A INT. PRINCE BIN KHALED'S PALACE - LATER 85A
text: The Prince sits on a sea of pillows. There are several small
text: flat screens playing business reports, CNN and Al-Jazeera.
text: Seen from behind the Prince: everyone but Leavitt standing
text: next to faces we've never seen. The table holds six gold
text: serving platters. Enough food to kill a famine, tended by a
text: frenzy of servants.
text: Sykes puts a hand over his cup to stop the constant tea re-
dialog: fill.
text: Leavitt stands to the Prince's left, thick leather glove on
text: his hand, a falcon perched on it. Leavitt holds it away from
text: the rest of his body like he's already made peace with losing
text: the arm. Servants hold three others close-by.
scene_heading: PRINCE BIN KHALED
text: His talons slice bone.
speaker_heading: ADAM LEAVITT
dialog: Super.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 85.
scene_heading: PRINCE BIN KHALED
dialog: That's my most prolific Hunter. I'm
dialog: trying to teach his friends there
dialog: by example, but I fear it's
dialog: something you're born with or not.
dialog: Do you agree, Mr. Ronald? Innate or
dialog: not at all?
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: I do.
scene_heading: PRINCE BIN KHALED
dialog: (nodding: I could tell)
dialog: What have you seen so far of our
dialog: Kingdom? -- and know I can arrange
dialog: tours anywhere within our borders.
dialog: When I bull-rush our hosts you'll know it: In his quiet, calm-
dialog: amidst-the-bullets tone:
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: I've seen that the man who planned
dialog: the worst crime in your Kingdom's
dialog: history is without a doubt Saudi...
text: Pin-drop silence in response to Fleury murdering the Prince's
text: "lite subjects," his attempt to extend the gilded circle-jerk
text: by offering tours. Bin Khaled's face sinks to gray again
text: after the excited pink of talking about his Falcons. His hand
text: slowly moves back over his stomach: Napoleon's ulcers. As
text: Fleury speaks, people unconsciously put their tea-cups down,
text: look up at him with wide-eyes.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY (CONT'D)
dialog: ..and that if you walk 300
dialog: kilometers from the compound, you
dialog: will find a rooftop where the
dialog: attacks were planned. I've seen
dialog: that the person in this room "born
dialog: with it" is right there...
text: (points at a gawking Al-
dialog: Ghazi)
dialog: Everything I just said came from
dialog: Colonel Al-Ghazi: his observations
dialog: of the scene while he was
dialog: protecting us. And I think you're
dialog: absolutely right Sir: that kind of
dialog: instinct can't be taught: not to
dialog: Falcons. Definitely not to SANG
dialog: Generals. Innate or not at all.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You want the murder to stop as much
dialog: as I do. Let us help.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 86.
text: The Prince stares at Fleury, cataloguing everything Fleury
dialog: just said. Stands. In Arabic:
scene_heading: PRINCE BIN KHALED
dialog: Colonel Al-Ghazi, a word.
text: As the Prince walks out with Al-Ghazi, he signals another
text: corps of servants to serve another round of cups: coffee.
text: Dinner over. A servant takes the Falcon from Leavitt just as
text: he was starting to smile at it.
text: Fleury sips his coffee. Schmidt and Sykes approach.
speaker_heading: GRANT SYKES
dialog: That was impressive.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: Think it will work?
speaker_heading: GRANT SYKES
dialog: Yeah. Maybe. I mean, you can only
dialog: play the "I'm going to the press
dialog: card" like three more times. So,
dialog: maybe.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: They're paranoid and overly self-
dialog: protective.
speaker_heading: DAMON SCHMIDT
dialog: They aren't protecting anyone.
dialog: There's no conspiracy. They're just
text: terrified. Finally. The Saudis have
dialog: finally seen the Monsters they
dialog: helped create, because those
dialog: Monsters have come home. And if
dialog: Saudis don't catch Saudi Monsters,
dialog: that's the end.
text: Fleury opens his mouth to interrupt.
speaker_heading: DAMON SCHMIDT (CONT'D)
dialog: (right through Fleury's
dialog: attempt to speak)
dialog: And that end could come double-
dialog: quick if they let the US "Shaytan"
dialog: catch those Monsters for them.
dialog: (Fleury silent, gets it)
dialog: Because that's what the Saudi on
dialog: the street suspects: the only thing
dialog: keeping the Royal Family upright is
dialog: American evil.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 87.
speaker_heading: GRANT SYKES
dialog: That's dead on accurate. Very
dialog: impressive. That's why they're
dialog: making it hard on us, and that's
dialog: why he wants to help `em turn the
dialog: screws.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: They can have every shred of credit-
speaker_heading: DAMON SCHMIDT
dialog: -you see the slums on the way in?
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: DAMON SCHMIDT
dialog: See that even though their homes
dialog: are falling down, they had
dialog: satellite dishes bolted on?
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: Yeah...
speaker_heading: DAMON SCHMIDT
dialog: Everyone already knows you're here.
dialog: Credit? If the Saudis cracked this
dialog: Cell while these servants were
text: pouring coffee, Al-Jazeera still
dialog: leads the story with your Team.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: Have you been to the crime-scene?
speaker_heading: DAMON SCHMIDT
dialog: No-
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: -if you had, you'd see the evil
dialog: work of real Talent. The kind that
text: doesn't stop until it's forced.
speaker_heading: DAMON SCHMIDT
dialog: And the path to Hell is paved with
dialog: good intentions.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: You having fun?
speaker_heading: DAMON SCHMIDT
dialog: (genuine smile)
dialog: Beats hell outta visa-stamping.
dialog: (smile vanishing)
speaker_heading: (MORE)
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 88.
speaker_heading: DAMON SCHMIDT (CONT'D)
dialog: You're on an island. I hope you
dialog: know how to get off.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: By catching Abu Hamza.
text: Raising his coffee, toasting Fleury's cup:
speaker_heading: DAMON SCHMIDT
dialog: Then here's to you. Let's bet: when
dialog: this Colonel Al-Ghazi comes out,
dialog: he's in-charge of the investigation
dialog: -if so, you set me up on a date
dialog: with Janet Mayes.
scene_heading: 86 INT. CHEVY SUBURBAN, RIYADH SUBURBS - NIGHT 86
text: 100 m.p.h. Semi-grins from the Team: how the fuck did he do
text: that? Al-Ghazi on a cell, rattling orders in excited Arabic:
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: ... every investigator on-scene by
dialog: midnight, 50 more portable lights,
dialog: three more pumps-
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: (to Leavitt)
dialog: Do me a favor and tell Janet that
dialog: she and Damon Schmidt got a date
text: when he gets back to the States.
text: Al-Ghazi points into darkness...
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: The rules still stand.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But tomorrow will be a new day.
scene_heading: 87 INT. UNKNOWN LOCATION - SAME MOMENT 87
text: TIGHT ON blasting caps, military detonators, nails, wing-
text: nuts, bolts, jacks, marbles... young hands feed lengths of
text: detonating wire through pre-drilled holes on a wooden cover.
text: The cover is attached to the box with nails and a rubber
text: mallet: no sparks. The wires are braided into one, clipped to
text: a lead on a servo-motor attached to the box-top.
text: A vehicle is being fitted with tire guards and heavy-duty
text: crash bumpers - all as a man quietly talks.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 89.
text: WIDEN to reveal the MAN, being VIDEOTAPED: foretelling of new
text: threats, face obscured by his head wrap. Several other MEN
dialog: watch and listen.
text: TIGHT ON the man's eyes. REVEAL PHOTOS on a nearby table: the
text: Al-Rahmah compound, Fleury with Al-Ghazi, Leavitt and Mayes,
dialog: Sykes and Haytham.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 88 EXT. AL-RAHMAH COMMUNITY CENTER - MORNING, SECOND DAY 88
text: Half-assed gardening party. Al-Ghazi worked through the
text: night, hasn't slept since we last saw him. Looks like it.
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: From now on, any evidence you find
dialog: you hand over.
text: Al-Ghazi smiles...
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm "all ears," Special Agent
dialog: Fleury.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: We should start with the dead
text: shooters.
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
text: They had no identification on them.
dialog: Fingerprints and dental have come
text: up empty.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: Can we photograph all three of
dialog: them? Couple hundred copies each...
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: No problem.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: Good. If it's OK with you, I'd like
dialog: to suggest we split up as
dialog: follows...
text: Sykes and Leavitt can't help small smiles. Finally getting to
dialog: work.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 89A.
scene_heading: a89 EXT. BLAST SITE - MORNING a89
text: Sykes climbs down into the mud hole.
speaker_heading: GRANT SYKES
dialog: (from the crater)
dialog: Fellas, what we want to do is get
dialog: this water out of here... see
dialog: what's really going on. Understand?
dialog: No reaction from Saudi police
speaker_heading: GRANT SYKES (CONT'D)
scene_heading: C-VIN hunting--Data Plates--
dialog: Something drivable blew up. That's
dialog: pretty obvious. Feels like ANFO to
dialog: me, boys--Ammonium Nitrate Fuel
dialog: Oil. Let's dry this hole and see
dialog: if we can't figure what she was.
dialog: Gotta pump?
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 90.
scene_heading: 89 EXT. BLAST SITE - LATER 89
text: Grant at the Crater. Three brand-new industrial-sized pumps
text: draining it. 30 Police INVESTIGATORS watch Sykes.
speaker_heading: GRANT SYKES
dialog: (to the Saudis)
dialog: Got to get a little dirty, people.
text: Crawl up in it. Make deep contact.
dialog: You get that?
text: Dead, confused stares from the Saudis into the mud hole...
text: Sykes happy as a pig in shit.
speaker_heading: GRANT SYKES (CONT'D)
dialog: Get nasty, dirty, filthy.
text: He smiles, watches another Officer write Saudi translations
dialog: on the stainless-steel paint cans into which you load
text: evidence: shrapnel, soil, DNA, shells, etc.
scene_heading: 90 EXT. DEATH SQUAD SCENE, AL-RAHMAH - SAME MOMENT 90
text: A JUNIOR OFFICER double-times it to Al-Ghazi with a stack of
text: photos: Rough head-shots of the three dead SHOOTERS. Fleury
text: takes some, hands the rest back to Al-Ghazi.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: Have him pass these out to the
dialog: compound security. See if anybody
dialog: knows them.
text: Fleury, Leavitt, and Al-Ghazi walk past the Land Cruiser
text: Haytham took out. 15 Police INVESTIGATORS on-scene: Leavitt
text: stops, drops his bag. Al-Ghazi introduces him to the Officer
dialog: in-charge.
text: Leavitt opens his evidence kit. A couple of Police can't help
dialog: but sneak a peek, checking out what the American's got
dialog: inside.
scene_heading: 91 INT. RIPON HOME - LATER 91
text: Fleury stands with Al-Ghazi back in the Ripon home.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: Would you mind doing one more thing
dialog: for me?
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 91.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: No, Sir.
text: Fleury pulls out the photographs.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: Could you tell me if you recognize
dialog: any of these men?
text: Fleury puts the three photographs down on the dining room
text: table: not pretty pictures. Earl and Janine study the photos.
speaker_heading: JANINE
dialog: ...Horrible.
dialog: A few moments, then:
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: I don't know any of them.
text: Fleury thinks a minute. Looks outside.
speaker_heading: FLEURY
dialog: I'm just wondering. That chair out
dialog: side. Looks like it gets a lot of
text: wear. Looks comfortable.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: That my mom's chair.
speaker_heading: FLEURY
dialog: See, that's exactly what I was
dialog: thinking. I'm guessing she spends a
dialog: lot of time sitting outside?
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: All day.
speaker_heading: FLEURY
text: She must pretty much see it all.
dialog: Right?
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: She does.
speaker_heading: FLEURY
dialog: Where is she?
speaker_heading: EARL
text: She's sleeping.
text: Pause: Fleury slow nods, then...
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 92.
speaker_heading: FLEURY
dialog: Let's wake her up.
speaker_heading: TIME CUT:
text: Maddy up at the dinning room table, looking down at the
dialog: photos.
speaker_heading: MADDY
dialog: I've seen him.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: Where?
dialog: Maddy thinking...
speaker_heading: MADDY
dialog: Like, a week ago. Twice I've seen
dialog: him. Watering...With the garden
dialog: crews. I remember he was wearing a
dialog: Liza Minnelli T-shirt. I thought
dialog: that was funny.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: What about the others?
speaker_heading: MADDY
dialog: (closer examination)
dialog: No. Just him. I remember the T-
dialog: shirt. I remember thinking it was
dialog: odd...?
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: What, the Liza Minelli shirt?
speaker_heading: MADDY
dialog: No. I do think Liza Minelli's gone
dialog: odd, but that wasn't it.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: What was odd?
speaker_heading: MADDY
dialog: He was a Saudi. The gardener.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: MADDY
dialog: Saudis, like Americans, don't do
text: manual labor. Blowing leaves is
text: beneath them.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 93.
text: Fleury looks to Al-Ghazi for confirmation. Al-Ghazi nods.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: (to Maddy)
dialog: Thank you.
text: Fleury and Al-Ghazi start to leave.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Who is he?
text: Fleury looks back to Earl.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: That's one of the many things we're
dialog: trying to find out...
scene_heading: 92 EXT. RIPON FAMILY HOME - NEXT MOMENT 92
text: Al-Ghazi gives the photo of the IDENTIFIED SHOOTER to an AIDE
text: waiting outside.
speaker_heading: AL-GHAZI
dialog: Find out if he worked with the
dialog: gardeners.
text: The aide takes the photo, starts walking away.
speaker_heading: AL-GHAZI (CONT'D)
dialog: RUN!
text: Freaked, the aide about jumps out of his skin...starts
dialog: running.
scene_heading: 92A EXT. BLAST SIGHT - DAY 92A
text: Sykes has a SAUDI WORK CREW digging in the hole, pulling out
text: pieces of charred metal. He is slowly laying out the pieces
text: and studying them like a puzzle, trying to figure out what
dialog: the hell blew up.
scene_heading: 93 EXT. MOBILE FIELD MORGUE - SAME MOMENT 93
text: Janet and Haytham approach a 2000 square-foot M.A.S.H. Tent
text: attached to refrigeration units.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 94.
scene_heading: FROM VARIOUS ANGLES:
text: SANG OFFICERS look down at the Americans, dead eyed, watching
dialog: them work.
scene_heading: 94 INT. MOBILE FIELD MORGUE - NEXT MOMENT 94
text: The Muslim dead wrapped in white linen according to the
text: Sunna. Western bodies lie separated from Arabs. A Saudi
text: TECHNICIAN blankly hands Janet and Haytham lab coats to cut
text: the cold. Three Police OFFICERS in the tent with them:
dialog: Watching Janet.
text: Haytham is looking uncomfortable as if he is embarrassed to
text: be seen with the American woman.
scene_heading: 95 EXT. JACKSON HOME - LATER 95
text: Fleury knocks at Aaron Jackson's door. A pause, the peep hole
text: darkens. A longer pause, then the door opens. Aaron Jackson
text: doesn't look any better. Same shirt.
text: Packed boxes. Suit cases. Jackson is clearly getting out of
dialog: Dodge.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: (beat)
dialog: How are your Sons?
text: Jackson's eyes shrink-wrapped in tears. After a long silence
text: with no answer, Fleury hands him a sheet of paper:
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY (CONT'D)
dialog: That's the name of a clinical
dialog: psychologist. Works with Embassy
dialog: kids...apparently very good at
dialog: explaining violence-
speaker_heading: AARON JACKSON
dialog: -what do you know about what my
dialog: kids need? What they saw? What the
dialog: rest of their lives might be like?
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I thought maybe your Boys...without
dialog: their Mom anymore...might ask you
dialog: why sometime...
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 95.
text: Aaron Jackson begins shaking his head yes. Tears flow free:
text: sorrow and gratitude. He hangs on to Fleury's hand for a very
text: long time. Silent apologies.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY (CONT'D)
dialog: I will find the man responsible for
dialog: the death of your wife. We're
dialog: close.
speaker_heading: AARON JACKSON
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Tomorrow it'll be somebody else's
dialog: wife.
text: Fleury quiet.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: Then tomorrow I'll come back.
text: Fleury turns his head: Al-Ghazi approaches on the next lawn
text: down with three JUNIOR OFFICERS. Fleury nods goodbye to
dialog: Jackson.
text: Fleury approaches Al-Ghazi, holds up the Shooter's photo.
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: The gardener. We know who he is.
dialog: He's on several watch lists.
text: Fleury - a slight nod of satisfaction.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: We know where he lives?
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: We will very soon.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: You don't seem very excited.
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: These are always the easy ones to
dialog: catch. Rarely does it lead to the
dialog: planners.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I want to take you somewhere.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: To someone who may be able to help
dialog: us catch Hamza.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 96.
scene_heading: 96 EXT. BLAST SITE - DAY 96
text: Ten Police Investigators in the crater with Grant. Outside
text: the crater: pieces of vehicles laid out outside: 1/2 of a
text: door, 1/4 of a front axle, bits of engine. Five feet away
text: from that: stacks of bagged evidence, two dozen evidence
dialog: containers.
text: Sykes clambers out of the hole, streaks of re-animated mud
text: where sweat streams out of his hairline, mad-dashing for his
text: chin. A chunk of metal in one hand, something small in the
text: other: a marble. He drops it in the appropriate cannister
text: then steps to a chunk of metal: one half of an alternator.
text: Sykes stares down at the pieces of completely mangled metal.
text: He studies a piece of twisted, half-melted iron. Thinking...
text: He walks over to a second larger piece of twisted metal.
text: Starts trying to fit the two pieces...like a puzzle.
scene_heading: 97 INT. MOBILE FIELD MORGUE, PRESENT DAY - NOON 97
text: The dead, oblong faces of the dog-walkers. Janet uses forceps
text: to pull a wing-nut from one of the dog-walkers. Places it on
text: a sanitary table littered with shrapnel: tiny bits of colored
text: glass, ball-bearings, parts of razor blades, spent slugs, and
text: scraps of unidentified metal.
scene_heading: 98 EXT. BLAST SITE - CRATER 98
text: Sykes still works the two large pieces of trashed iron. Until
text: something clicks. The fit. Sykes looks down at the connected
dialog: metal.
speaker_heading: SYKES
text: It's a gurney.
text: Sykes looks down at the mud colored DIGGERS.
speaker_heading: SYKES (CONT'D)
dialog: Who's missing an ambulance?
text: Just stares from the Saudis.
speaker_heading: SYKES (CONT'D)
dialog: Could somebody please go get
dialog: Sergeant Haytham?
text: Confused stares from the Saudis.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 97.
speaker_heading: SYKES (CONT'D)
dialog: (loud)
dialog: Sergeant Haytham!
text: Inside the crater: water-level down to the ankles. Three
text: Saudis dig around what looks to be one of the dualie-style
text: back tires. Re-positioning to get a better grip, Sykes
text: notices the top of what looks to be a sizeable, ragged hole,
text: still mostly submerged. Pointing:
speaker_heading: GRANT SYKES
dialog: Here.
text: Sykes slogs over. He drops to his knees, reaches his hand in,
text: all the way to his shoulder, the side of his face to the
text: water: void. Out of the crater, Sykes points to a Bobcat
dialog: earth-mover, in Arabic:
speaker_heading: GRANT SYKES (CONT'D)
dialog: Who has the keys?
scene_heading: 99 INT. / EXT. MOBILE FIELD MORGUE - SAME 99
text: Janet stands with the Saudi Pathologist. She prepares to take
text: a fingerprint from a body. As the moves in to touch the Arab
text: hand, one of the GUARDS unloads in her direction - a full
text: guttural Arabic assault. No idea what he's saying, but it's
text: obvious he's furious. Haytham starts firing back. This is an
text: un-translated argument. We sense that the guard is doing more
text: than expressing his displeasure regarding Janet. This seems
text: to be personal. Janet's getting very nervous. A frightening
text: display. Then, Haytham turns:
speaker_heading: HAYTHAM
dialog: You cannot touch any Muslims.
text: Janet takes a breath as the Police hard-eye her.
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: No problem. Can I still touch
dialog: Americans?
speaker_heading: HAYTHAM
dialog: Of course.
text: Janet moves back to the American dead, as the Saudi Tech
text: continues with the Muslims. She pulls another shard of
text: COLORED GLASS from a wound.
scene_heading: 100 INT./ EXT. SUBURBAN - DOWNTOWN RIYADH 100
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 98.
scene_heading: SERIES OF SHOTS:
text: A two car convoy drives deep into the city.
text: The Convoy is forced to stop across the street from a gas
text: station as a construction crane backs into a drive way.
text: Al-Ghazi and Fleury stare across the street as a large gas
text: truck fills up the heavy tanks of a Saudi gas station.
speaker_heading: FLEURY
dialog: What's gas running a gallon out
dialog: here, Al-Ghazi? Penny gallon?
text: Al-Ghazi smiles.
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: It was an American. An engineer
dialog: named Karl Twitchell. Hired by
dialog: Saudi Arabia to find water. He
dialog: didn't find so much as a dried
dialog: oasis, but he found this. Enough
dialog: oil to turn the earth.
text: Fleury stares out as the oil spills out overflowing from the
dialog: station tank.
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI (CONT'D)
dialog: They say my country sits on over 1
dialog: trillion more barrels of
dialog: recoverable oil.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: A trillion reasons for our Leaders
dialog: to hold hands another one hundred
dialog: years.
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: A trillion reasons to keep
dialog: fighting. For both sides of this
dialog: War.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I think our oil has begun
dialog: destroying more than it creates.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: Agreed.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 99.
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: I'm 46 years-old.
dialog: (beat, tired)
dialog: I have three daughters. And I find
dialog: myself in a place where I no longer
dialog: care about `why' we are attacked. I
dialog: only care that 100 people woke up a
dialog: few mornings ago had no idea it was
dialog: their last. When we catch the Man
dialog: who murdered these people, I don't
dialog: care to ask even one question...I
dialog: just want to kill him...stop him.
dialog: (beat, a bit embarrassed)
dialog: Do you understand?
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: Yes, I do.
text: A long moment. Just road noise. We see two men, as different
dialog: from each other as they could be, yet made from the same
dialog: things.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY (CONT'D)
dialog: Is your first name `Colonel?'
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: (a small smile)
dialog: Faris.
scene_heading: 100A INT. MOBILE FIELD MORGUE - CONTINUOUS 100A
text: A glazed Haytham works with a Pathologist on the Muslim
text: bodies. Their own collection of foreign objects. Janet pulls
text: free 1/2 of a marble from a burrowed hole: explains the
text: shards of colored glass. Cleans it in saline, holds it up to
text: the light. We stare at it with her.
text: Janet begins piecing together glass shards - reconstructing a
speaker_heading: MARBLE.
scene_heading: 101 EXT. DEATH SQUAD SCENE - DAY 101
text: Police Investigators eat lunch under a tent 50 yards away
dialog: with Leavitt.
text: Then a red laser-sight moves across him: Three MEMBERS of his
text: Police security-detail: smirking, pretending to fidget with
text: an AR-15's aperture.
text: Leavitt stares. Subtle defiance. Nobody blinks. Silent
text: moments pass.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 100.
text: The smallest of the detail reaches over, pulls the cocking
dialog: device of the rifle: round in the chamber, so stop looking at
dialog: us.
scene_heading: 102 INT. BOMB SITE - CRATER 102
text: Sykes, covered in mud, digging, searching for any signs of
text: identification amongst the charred, mangled metal.
scene_heading: 103 EXT. INTERNET CAFE - LATER 103
text: The small convoy pulls up next to a run down, late seventies
text: chunk of architecture which looks like a combination bombed
text: dentist office/ accounting firm. Weird. Two TEENAGERS in Tu-
text: pac T-shirts smoke in front.
text: Fleury, Al-Ghazi and a couple of Police head for the blacked
text: out front door.
scene_heading: 104 INT. INTERNET CAFE - CONTINUOUS 104
text: Moving up two flights of stairs. Dark, rundown shredded
text: carpet. Old hip hop - cheap bass, thin speakers. Smoke.
text: Everything grows in intensity as they move up the stairs. Two
text: more TEENAGERS skulk past.
speaker_heading: FLEURY
dialog: (half joking to Al-Ghazi)
dialog: Feel like I'm back home in Detroit.
text: Al-Ghazi keeps moving up and into what is definitely on
dialog: Fleury's top ten list of the most bizarre places he's ever
dialog: been.
speaker_heading: FLEURY'S POV:
dialog: Two rooms: First is some kind of snack/smoke/TV lounge.
text: FILIPINOS serve drinks. Packs of young Saudi MEN drink Cokes,
text: tea, coffee, and smoke.
dialog: Odd Saudi talk shows mix with hip hop.
text: Behind, another room: bigger, overflowing with stacks of mis-
text: matched computers. Dozens of them. Dozens of Saudi TEENAGERS
text: plugged in. Head-phoned and mic'd. All chain smoking, all
text: fully plugged in to CALL OF DUTY (an American war game) on
text: line. These kids play with rabid intensity, smoking and
text: screaming and killing.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 101.
text: Al-Ghazi moves through the crowd. A small middle aged SAUDI
text: spots Al-Ghazi. They exchange words. Al-Ghazi waves Fleury to
dialog: follow.
text: Fleury does and follows Al-Ghazi through the computer room,
text: into a back office.
scene_heading: 105 INT. INTERNET CAFE - BACK OFFICE - CONTINUOUS 105
text: A middle aged Saudi: TALAL. He sits behind a cluttered desk.
text: Art books and computers everywhere. He gets up and embraces
dialog: Al-Ghazi.
text: Al-Ghazi then turns to face Fleury.
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: At one time, Talal was Arafat's
dialog: senior bomb-maker and planner in
dialog: the occupied territories. He joined
dialog: Bin-Laden when Al Qaeda brought the
dialog: fight to the Royal Family.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: (beat)
dialog: OK. Shouldn't we arrest him or
dialog: shoot him or something?
text: Small smile from Al-Ghazi.
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: He turned himself in last year
text: during an amnesty. He's now part of
dialog: a new government effort to balance
dialog: the experience of Saudi Youth.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: This place is community service?
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: If America figures out a way of
dialog: keeping their kids off the
dialog: computers please let us know.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: Why did he turn himself in?
text: Before Al-Ghazi can answer, Talal begins talking to him in
dialog: Arabic. Al-Ghazi translates:
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: `You only come after I see there
dialog: were bombs.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 102.
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI (CONT'D)
dialog: Did you know Bin Laden put 5
dialog: million-dollars on my head? Why
dialog: shouldn't it be 10?'
text: Subdued laughter. Then Talal becomes quiet, grave. Al-Ghazi
dialog: continues the translation:
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI (CONT'D)
dialog: The Man who made War on Al-Rahmah
dialog: is someone my age -- this kind of
dialog: skill is learned over decades.
text: Talal looks at Fleury now, speaking directly to him through
dialog: Al-Ghazi:
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI (O.C.) (CONT'D)
text: A Man who can plan the mass-murder
dialog: of women and children, then go home
text: at night to his own and sleep
dialog: soundly...? That kind of Man is
dialog: supremely difficult to catch.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: (through Al-Ghazi)
dialog: How does he know he slept soundly?
text: Colonel Al-Ghazi hesitates, then relays Fleury's question.
text: Talal stares: eyes touched by war-blood-atrocities committed.
text: Someone who believes he's going to Hell.
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI (O.C.)
dialog: (translating)
dialog: Because he hasn't stopped. You stop
dialog: when their faces don't let you
dialog: close your eyes...
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: (through Al-Ghazi)
dialog: Is that why you quit?
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI (O.C.)
dialog: (translating)
dialog: 17 days without sleep will make you
dialog: quit anything.
text: Two TEENAGERS stick their heads into the office. They're mad
text: about the sharing of a computer. Talal puts a fast stop to
text: it. It's obvious he's good with these young boys. He smiles
text: as he speaks to Al-Ghazi.
dialog: Al-Ghazi translates to Fleury.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 103.
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI (CONT'D)
dialog: He says he makes my job easier.
dialog: Here, at least they only fight and
dialog: kill on computers.
text: Al-Ghazi shows Talal the detonator. The old man studies it.
text: Al-Ghazi and Talal speak in Arabic about the detonator.
text: Al-Ghazi looks to Fleury, translates.
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI (CONT'D)
dialog: He says that there are several ways
dialog: to get American military equipment
dialog: like this detonator but not many
dialog: men in Saudi Arabia that know how
dialog: to get them.
speaker_heading: FLEURY
dialog: How do they get them?
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: Usually smuggled from Iraq by
dialog: corrupt soldiers working with the
dialog: Americans.
speaker_heading: FLEURY
dialog: Could Hamza get this equipment?
dialog: Al-Ghazi asks Talal.
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: Without question. Yes, he could.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: (through Al-Ghazi)
dialog: How do we find him?
text: He thinks for a moment, then speaks. The boys chuckle as Al-
dialog: Ghazi continues translating:
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: Prayer. Luck. Handshakes.
text: Fleury looks at Al-Ghazi, doesn't quite get it...
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: (to Al-Ghazi)
dialog: Well, I think I get the `prayer'
dialog: and `luck' parts...
text: Talal slowly stands, Al-Ghazi helping him up, moves to
text: Fleury. Reaches his hand out to him, quietly:
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 104.
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI (O.C.)
dialog: (translating)
dialog: His hands will feel like this.
text: Fleury shakes Talal's hand, turns it over: index finger gone.
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI (O.C.) (CONT'D)
dialog: (translating)
dialog: Every Amir at some point gets
text: bitten by his work.
scene_heading: 106 EXT. BLAST SITE - DAY 106
text: The Bobcat digs into the crater, over the unknown hole.
text: Already a large pile of dirt. Another sizeable scoop down
text: about two feet: nothing. Haytham now stands over the crater
text: watching Sykes. Leavitt has joined him.
speaker_heading: GRANT SYKES
dialog: Whatever this is, it blasted-off
dialog: like NASA.
text: Haytham yells to the Machine Operator in Arabic:
scene_heading: SERGEANT HAYTHAM
text: Driven in at an angle... go
dialog: deeper...
text: Another gouge of earth: 4 feet. Nothing. Grant sits back.
speaker_heading: GRANT SYKES
dialog: `High-order explosion' doesn't do
dialog: it justice: what's left a' this
text: looks like it was put through a
dialog: wood-chipper.
text: Leavitt rubs his eyes: adrenaline long gone. Looks at his
text: watch: time passing fast. Sykes drops to his stomach, reaches
text: in with the TRENCHING TOOL to see how much farther the hole
text: goes: a metallic `clink.
dialog: An oxygen tank. The kind used in ambulances. Nozzle assembly
text: gone, burst in the explosion with a force that drove it
text: several feet into solid ground. Haytham takes a razor blade,
text: scratches off samples of the soil and carbon for explosive
text: residue into a fresh cannister. Then takes a wet rag, begins
text: cleaning the tank to reveal Arabic script...
scene_heading: SERGEANT HAYTHAM
dialog: (to Sykes)
dialog: Hospital Identification...
dialog: Ambulance identification.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 105.
speaker_heading: GRANT SYKES
dialog: Do you know this hospital?
scene_heading: SERGEANT HAYTHAM
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: GRANT SYKES
dialog: Call it in.
scene_heading: 107 INT. AL-RAHMAH COMMUNITY CENTER 107
text: Now a mini command post. Al-Ghazi works phones with Fleury
text: and Mayes by his side. Sykes and Leavitt muddy, sitting on
text: their cots. Leavitt tags evidence from the shootout.
text: Al-Ghazi hangs up, looks to Fleury.
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: The ambulance was reported stolen
dialog: from King Fahd Hospital last
dialog: Wednesday, three days before the
dialog: bombing.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: OK.
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: There's more: I told you it
dialog: wouldn't be hard to find the
dialog: soldiers.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: (focused; to Al-Ghazi)
dialog: What you got?
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
text: The stolen ambulance had a twenty
text: man crew that rotated shifts on it.
dialog: We checked all twenty men. One of
dialog: them, Muaath Hazmi is now of
dialog: interest to us.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: Why?
text: Al-Ghazi reaches for the photo of the dead shooter/attacker.
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: Because this gentleman is Fathi
text: Hazmi, Muaath's brother.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 106.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: Where's Muaath?
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: I'm going to show you.
scene_heading: 108 EXT. SUBURBAN RIYADH STREET - AFTERNOON 108
text: A five block radius has been sealed off by Police Vehicles.
text: Fleury and his team are at the outer perimeter, crouched
text: behind barricades at the entrance of a cul-de-sac. They're
text: not allowed anywhere near the line of fire.
text: They sport bullet-proof vests and helmets: look like
text: reporters in a war-zone. Police turn away cars, neighbors.
text: Snipers stand posted on near-by rooftops. Helicopters audible
text: overhead. Street deserted.
speaker_heading: GRANT SYKES
dialog: We never get to do anything fun.
speaker_heading: JANET MAYES
dialog: Sykes, I'm guessing you don't even
dialog: remember how to load your gun.
speaker_heading: GRANT SYKES
dialog: That's not funny.
speaker_heading: ADAM LEAVITT
text: She's not trying to be funny.
speaker_heading: GRANT SYKES
dialog: I'm a very good shot.
speaker_heading: JANET MAYES
dialog: I'm sure.
text: Haytham hands Al-Ghazi a walkie-talkie, in Arabic:
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: Neighbors clear?
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: Activity or communication?
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Snipers have seen nothing. No
text: telephone line into the house.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 107.
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Allahuakbar. Go.
text: Two black Suburbans roll around the corner: out-fitted with
text: running boards and hand rails upon which a 12-man SWAT team
text: rides: 3 on each rail, 2 vehicles. SWAT team: military
text: fatigues, black hoods, Mp-5 close-quarter sub-machine guns.
text: Flying down the cul-de-sac: Half-way down the street, one of
text: the Snipers open fire: BOOM-BOOM-BOOM. That moment an RPG
text: fires wide of the lead Suburban. Over Al-Ghazi's walkie-
dialog: talkie, in Arabic:
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: ONE DOWN! RPG!
text: The two SWAT-Teamers at the front of the running boards open
text: up with their MP-5s one-handed: the front of the house puffs,
text: bursts, disintegrates. Suburbans rip to a stop. SWAT off,
text: move fast. Three toss flash grenades into and around the
text: house. Massive flash-bangs. Six through the front door. Six
text: sprinting around back. Loud AK-47 bursts from inside
text: now...screams. Then an RPG fired inside: the rushing sound
text: and yellow-white flash past two windows. A section of the far
text: left wall of the house detonates from the inside out.
text: More mechanical, silenced thwacks from the SWAT Mp-5s.
text: Silence. Then voices from Al-Ghazi's walkie-talkie.
text: Ambulances round the corner, fly toward the house:
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.) (CONT'D)
speaker_heading: CLEAR.
scene_heading: 109 INT. TARGETED HOUSE - MOMENTS LATER 109
text: The team enters, wide-eyed. Four men in civilian garb, all
text: dead: multiple bullet wounds. An Officer with four 8 X 10 mug-
text: shots, matching them to the dead faces, dropping mug-shots on
text: respective chests. Once he's finished, a police photographer
text: takes new pictures of each. At the far side of the House:
text: engineers use 2x4s to support the wall hit with the RPG. All
dialog: of it has the feel of standard Saudi operation procedure.
text: Al-Ghazi appears from the back of the house. Bends over each
text: of the four dead men: lifting each of their hands, examining
text: the backs of the hands quickly.
speaker_heading: GRANT SYKES
text: Prints are on the other side...
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 108.
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: I'm not looking for prints. I'm
text: looking for fingers.
text: Stands after the last: a look of controlled frustration that
text: Fleury files. Then Al-Ghazi motions to Sykes and Fleury.
scene_heading: 110 INT. REAR OF THE HOUSE - NEXT MOMENT 110
text: Back to the rear of the house: stacks of plastic explosives,
text: buckets of shrapnel, two Paramedics working feverishly on a
text: SWAT Officer hit multiple times. Fleury goes about his
text: business like a man isn't dying six feet away.
text: Sykes is a kid in a candy store: rummaging through
text: explosives, blasting caps, shrapnel.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: JANET...
text: Janet makes her way back. Immediately moves to the wounded
text: SWAT Officer.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY (CONT'D)
text: He's gone... This shrapnel look
dialog: like the stuff you pulled at the
dialog: morgue?
speaker_heading: JANET MAYES
dialog: (distracted)
dialog: Yeah... I pulled so much it's hard
dialog: to remember it all.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: Bolts?
speaker_heading: JANET MAYES
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: Wing nuts?
speaker_heading: JANET MAYES
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: Razor blades?
speaker_heading: JANET MAYES
dialog: Sure.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 109.
text: Al-Ghazi begins tossing the room, motions to Fleury: help.
text: Fleury moves to him.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: (calling back)
dialog: ADAM...
speaker_heading: GRANT SYKES
dialog: C-4...
text: Al-Ghazi dumps desk drawers: pictures of government-looking
text: buildings, walled-compounds. Lays them out in rows, studying
text: each. Leavitt appears, focuses on the C-4 immediately.
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI (O.C.)
dialog: -the front gates of every other
dialog: western housing compound in Riyadh.
text: Everybody looks at the Colonel, pointing at the pictures:
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI (CONT'D)
dialog: And Embassies: Italy, Japan, Korea,
dialog: Norway, England...
speaker_heading: ADAM LEAVITT
dialog: (beat)
dialog: The Coalition...
text: Leavitt steps, scans the pictures, picks up two in
text: particular: buildings with scaffolding and heavy equipment.
speaker_heading: ADAM LEAVITT (CONT'D)
dialog: These are all countries with Troops
dialog: in Iraq -- Japanese and Italian
dialog: embassies are under construction?
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: The entire Diplomatic Quarter is
dialog: being retro-fitted to sustain
text: bigger bomb blasts.
text: Janet pops her head in:
speaker_heading: JANET MAYES
dialog: -the Prince's Convoy just showed.
text: Al-Ghazi's face: fear.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: This is bullshit. You know it.
dialog: Meaningless. There's no leader
dialog: here. These are kids. That's it.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 110.
text: Al-Ghazi says nothing.
speaker_heading: JANET MAYES
dialog: We're out of here.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: Yes, that's it. Smile for the
text: cameras, body-bag some children.
dialog: Wrap it up, but us -- out. I get
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: I'm sorry.
scene_heading: 111 EXT. FRONT OF TARGETED HOME - MOMENTS LATER 111
dialog: Prince Bin Khaled touring the scene: reporters,
text: photographers, his personal top-line security detail: the
text: business suits and boots, the special ops M-4s. All on edge
text: to be in a Saudi neighborhood. Rahman, looking like he needs
dialog: sleep and vitamins. Lecturing in Arabic:
scene_heading: PRINCE BIN KHALED
dialog: Only in death will our enemies
dialog: realize Allah never permits
text: defiance of his almighty will.
text: Damon Schmidt trailing behind the Prince's detail. The Prince
text: locks Al-Ghazi with a mad-dog stare in-between lesson points.
text: One of the Prince's inner-circle heads straight for Al-Ghazi,
dialog: in Arabic:
speaker_heading: INNER-CIRCLE
dialog: Take the Americans inside now and
dialog: keep them out of sight. You will be
dialog: spoken to about their presence
dialog: here.
scene_heading: 112 INT. TARGETED HOUSE - NEXT MOMENT 112
text: The Team sitting on the floor, below the window sills, away
text: from the holes and doors. Al-Ghazi standing, looking out the
text: window at the spectacle. Damon Schmidt steps in: sees dead
text: bodies and goes ghost, almost collapses. Leavitt pops up,
text: helps him sit.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: You need water?
text: A quick `no' nod: like the second before you lose lunch.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 111.
speaker_heading: ADAM LEAVITT
dialog: You really ought not look at this.
speaker_heading: DAMON SCHMIDT
dialog: (pointing at the dead)
dialog: That fella got shot right through
dialog: his God damn nipple...
speaker_heading: JANET MAYES
dialog: Don't stare too long. It'll start
dialog: living in your dreams.
text: Janet's voice causes Schmidt to immediately force composure.
speaker_heading: DAMON SCHMIDT
dialog: No -- I know.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: You do?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: How did you know we were here?
speaker_heading: DAMON SCHMIDT
dialog: The Prince has Men at Al-Rahmah.
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: What Men?
speaker_heading: DAMON SCHMIDT
dialog: Ask him.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: 3 vehicles will stay behind when
dialog: the Prince and Press leave. You'll
dialog: convoy straight to BA flights into
dialog: Dulles -- last minute fares come
dialog: out of your budget, by-the-by.
dialog: Tried to swing upgrades, but check
text: at the counter.
text: Pissed, reproachful head-shakes.
speaker_heading: DAMON SCHMIDT (CONT'D)
dialog: (beat; color returning)
dialog: Turn those frowns upside down,
dialog: people. This will be pitched as a
dialog: stunning Saudi-only counter-punch
dialog: that killed those responsible for
dialog: Al-Rahmah. Al-Jazeera will play up
dialog: an FBI presence, we'll play up
text: their ties to Terror as checkmate.
dialog: And everyone that was so
text: righteously pissed back home is
dialog: gonna eat crow.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 112.
speaker_heading: DAMON SCHMIDT (CONT'D)
dialog: Already a rumor that the guy who
dialog: wrote our State Department memo-
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: -Ellis Leach?
speaker_heading: DAMON SCHMIDT
dialog: You know him? He's gonna be put out
dialog: to pasture: made an example of by
dialog: the President to ensure all levels
dialog: of government get tough on Terror.
dialog: (right at Fleury)
dialog: You won the hand on the River card.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: We didn't win shit, Schmidt. These
dialog: are teenagers... children with
dialog: pictures that someone far senior
dialog: has provided them.
speaker_heading: DAMON SCHMIDT
dialog: -kidding me? You mean those are
dialog: Terrorist targets? Holy Wow.
dialog: Momma, don't let your children grow
dialog: up to be cowboys.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Just get ready to go home and revel
dialog: in the fact that for the next few
dialog: weeks your shit won't stink.
text: The phone rings that instant. Leavitt hands it up to Fleury.
text: Schmidt holds his hand up to Janet: high-five -- she gives it
text: up slowly, warily, semi-charmed:
speaker_heading: DAMON SCHMIDT (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Janet)
dialog: Double or nothing that's a
text: congratulatory call.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: Hello?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Yes, Sir. We're all here and
dialog: healthy. I'm sitting next to their
text: corpses but this may not be over.
dialog: These don't feel like anything
dialog: resembling senior leadership-
dialog: (beat)
dialog: -thank you Sir. I do.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 113.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY (CONT'D)
dialog: Please do me one favor before we
dialog: board: warn every `Coalition-of-the-
dialog: Willing' or whatever the hell we're
dialog: calling our Iraq allies now, that
dialog: pictures of their Riyadh embassies
dialog: were found in this Cell's safe-
dialog: house.
scene_heading: 113 INT. SUBURBAN - LATER 113
text: Flying down a highway. Haytham driving. Sykes up front. The
text: rest of the team crammed in back: Fleury next to Al-Ghazi;
text: Mayes and Leavitt on the back bench. Everyone spent. Grant
text: stares up at a distant jet climbing-out. The police radio
text: belching calm codes and calls every few seconds.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: (to Al-Gahzi)
dialog: What do you think?
text: Al-Ghazi looks up at Fleury, slowly shakes his head.
speaker_heading: AL-GHAZI
dialog: Amateurs. It's a small win.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: Yeah.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm thinking about New York -
dialog: February 26, 1993. The first time
text: they tried to hit the Trade Towers.
speaker_heading: GRANT SYKES
dialog: I'm thinking about going straight
dialog: to Dan's, gonna order six PBRs-
speaker_heading: JANET MAYES
dialog: -Pabst?
speaker_heading: ADAM LEAVITT
dialog: Keep it real. You ever drink PBR,
dialog: Haytham?
speaker_heading: HAYTHAM
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: GRANT SYKES
dialog: Any beer?
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 114.
speaker_heading: HAYTHAM
dialog: (small smile)
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: GRANT SYKES
dialog: Now...that's just unreasonable.
dialog: Good Police work and problem
dialog: drinking are like a chicken and egg
dialog: thing: which enables the other?
text: In the back, Al-Ghazi can't help a small smile either.
text: Fleury's not into it. All business, pissed, clearly does not
dialog: want Pabst.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: (to Al-Ghazi)
dialog: Remember how we caught that cell?
speaker_heading: AL-GHAZI
text: Yes. Car bomb. He went back to pick
text: up his deposit on the rental car.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: Four hundred dollars. For four
dialog: hundred dollars, he was caught.
dialog: Stupidity. Catching the cell was
dialog: easy. Just like this. The cell came
dialog: back.
text: Fleury looks at Al-Ghazi. He knows the win is small. Also
dialog: knows that's all she wrote, for now.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY (CONT'D)
dialog: I'll be back.
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: Yes, you will.
text: The POLICE BAND suddenly squelches loud with excited Arabic.
text: Everyone perks, leans up to listen to the urgency.
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI (CONT'D)
dialog: (translating radio
dialog: chatter)
dialog: Religious demonstration in
text: progress. Back near the City
dialog: Center.
text: A small collective smirk, sigh of relief. Fleury turns in his
dialog: seat.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 115.
speaker_heading: GRANT SYKES
dialog: I'm serious. Beer will open up your
dialog: subconscious. Canned beer
dialog: especially. Give you instincts they
dialog: can't teach-
text: Fleury notices the Suburban bringing up the rear has dropped
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: (looking back)
dialog: Is he responding to the call?
dialog: Dropped back...
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI (O.C.)
dialog: (turning)
dialog: What?
text: Al-Ghazi and Fleury both looking back to the following
text: Suburban now. Dropped back, sunglasses and blank faces
text: staring back at them.
text: Fleury looks to the overpass above - he sees a YOUNG MAN on a
text: cell phone. As they pass, the kid runs to watch them from the
dialog: other side.
text: Al-Ghazi gets to the CB radio, in Arabic:
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI (CONT'D)
dialog: Tighten up-
text: -the trailing Suburban doesn't `tighten up.' It falls further
text: back. Fleury instinctively turns, wide-eyed -- out the
text: window: a small brown truck swerves out of the opposing
text: lanes, flying across the desert median, aimed at the Convoy.
text: Without hesitation Fleury reaches over Haytham, rips the
text: steering-wheel right, nosing away from the approach...
speaker_heading: 114 114 THRU 116 OMITTED 114
scene_heading: 117 EXT. SAUDI HIGHWAY - SAME MOMENT 117
text: Our Suburban on two wheels: The lead Suburban turns the same
text: direction a twitch too late. The small brown truck detonates.
text: The lead Suburban takes a massive fraction of the explosion
text: broadside, essentially shielding our vehicle. Flame spits
text: through the lead vehicle as it spins, flips onto its roof.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 116.
scene_heading: 118 INT. OUR SUBURBAN - NEXT MOMENT 118
text: Off-road now, violent impacts on bare rims shedding rubber.
scene_heading: 119 EXT. HIGHWAY ATTACK AFTERMATH - NEXT MOMENT 119
text: The lead Suburban: tortoise on its back, engulfed, still
text: sliding. Fleury's Suburban fish-tailing.
text: The Lead Suburban blows in-half now as the gas tank ruptures.
text: A football-sized shard of metal explodes through our
dialog: windshield-
scene_heading: 120 INT. OUR SUBURBAN - SAME MOMENT 120
text: - and smashes straight out the back, taking the rear cargo
dialog: door with it.
text: The shock of it causes Haytham to lose control in earnest
text: now. The Suburban flips, barrel rolls. Violent pounding
text: inside the vehicle. Motion stops: upside down, just the roar
text: of the big Detroit V-8 red-lining, wheels spinning in air.
text: Everyone dazed, border-line unconscious. Fleury's bell rung
text: the worst, trying to function, get his bearings.
text: Fleury touches Leavitt's face, can barely see through the
text: gathering smoke that smells like oil.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: You whole?
speaker_heading: ADAM LEAVITT
dialog: Think so-
text: Leavitt unbuckles his seat belt and smashes head first into
text: the ceiling -- running FOOTFALLS approach, quick yell-yips in
dialog: Arabic: commands?
text: The Driver and three other Police Officers from the trailing
text: Suburban. Smoke fills the interior now: thank God these
text: Police Officers have ripped open a door: saviors. They grip
text: Leavitt by his hair because it's the only thing they can
dialog: grab.
text: Alarmed, Al-Ghazi begins to scramble for Leavitt.
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: This is not right!
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 117.
text: Haytham gets a good look at the driver, recognizes him as the
text: officer who shamed him at the compound on day one. Haytham
text: moves to unbuckle.
text: Fleury's trying to claw towards Leavitt. Throwing upside down
text: punches at the air. Unbuckles himself now.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
speaker_heading: WHAT THE-
speaker_heading: JANET MAYES
dialog: (panicked)
dialog: ADAM! WHAT -- WHAT ARE THEY DOING?
text: Alarm rising, everyone else unbuckles and smashes into the
text: ceiling as horizons go flip-flop confusion.
scene_heading: 121 EXT. HIGHWAY ATTACK AFTERMATH - NEXT MOMENT 121
text: Leavitt's throwing punches as he's dragged with velocity to
text: the trail Suburban, idling. Pistol-whipped viciously,
text: repeatedly until they're able to kick him inside. Another
text: Officer from the trailing vehicle steps up with an AK-47,
text: pulls back the cocking mechanism, ready to spray the dazed
dialog: occupants of our Suburban-
text: -the Officer's ankles and shins detonate. POP-POP-POP-POP
text: from the driver's seat: Haytham. Screams from the would-be
text: shooter at double volume. Haytham keeps firing as the
text: Officer, hit multiple times, falls hard.
text: The trailing Suburban hesitates, slams into our Suburban just
text: as Fleury is getting out of the wreckage. Everybody else
text: still inside, knocked silly. The trailing Suburban backs up
text: quick. Fleury instinctively goes for his holster: empty for
dialog: days now.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: GUN!
text: Trailing Suburban accelerates away now, as Janet struggles
text: out. Haytham's 9 MM in-hand racked open: empty. Fleury steps
text: away from the now black smoke pouring from the vehicle -- in
text: the passenger seat of the trail Suburban, he sees the Officer
dialog: that checked passports at Prince Sultan Air Base.
speaker_heading: GRANT SYKES
scene_heading: -DOOR HELP-
text: Fleury rips Grant's door open. Trapped smoke billows, clears:
text: Grant's arm closest to the outside of the vehicle dangles at
text: an unnatural angle, bleeding badly.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 118.
speaker_heading: GRANT SYKES (CONT'D)
dialog: Can't release-
text: Fleury begins sawing Grant's seat-belt with a jagged piece of
dialog: metal.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: Hands up -- you're gonna fall-
text: Sykes still does, ugly. Fleury and Janet rip him free of the
dialog: Suburban.
text: Haytham's pulling shotguns, handguns, ammo from the flipped
text: vehicle. Haytham pointing ahead, to the fading roster-tail.
dialog: In Arabic:
scene_heading: SERGEANT HAYTHAM
dialog: They're going to disappear...
text: Desperate, Fleury looks in the direction of the fleeing
text: Suburban: the rooster-tail it leaves getting smaller. Al-
text: Ghazi nods, swings his head to thesnarled/wrecked highway
text: traffic. PEOPLE hesitantly step toward uniforms they trust on
text: instinct. Haytham dumps the pile of weapons at the Team's
text: feet, re-loads his 9MM. Janet ties a half-assed tourniquet
text: around Sykes' reminder of an arm.
text: Al-Ghazi steps toward the approaching crowd: they see his
text: state, his gun, and turn back: panic starts to infect the
text: larger mass, then the topper-
text: -AUTOMATIC GUNFIRE from somewhere. Glass-dirt-metal bursts
dialog: around us: this attack is still going.
text: Fleury looks up: just the roof of an old Mercedes on the
text: median, dirt kicked up behind them, running behind lines of
text: stopped-wrecked traffic now. The barrel of a rifle held high
text: out the window like a taunt. Accelerating for another opening
dialog: to finish the job.
text: Scared motorists devolve into terrified motorists. Many have
text: abandoned their vehicles to sprint into the desert, the rest
text: go smash-'em-up derby-folly: 50 panicked drivers aiming for
text: the same spots. Fleury snatches an M4A1 from the stack
text: dropped by Haytham, up to his shoulder, hustling toward the
text: next break in traffic. The Mercedes is approaching at 80 MPH.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: (back to his crew)
dialog: GET DOWN!
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 119.
text: Al-Ghazi starts screaming in Arabic, motioning frantically to
text: the CITIZENS who have turned back, running toward them, in
dialog: Arabic:
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
speaker_heading: DOWN!
text: Fleury's view blocked by fleeing Saudis: just intermittent
text: flashes of the Mercedes braking hard, massive dust cloud
text: behind them, sliding toward the opening Fleury pre-sighted.
text: Intermittent wild shots fired from the SUV, vaguely in our
dialog: direction.
text: Fleury flips a switch on the left side of the rifle, just
text: forward of the handle: full-auto. Takes a deep, measured
text: Sniper's breath, eases the stock snug aimpoint up to his
text: right eye, and without hesitation lets loose the entire clip
text: perfectly: one heartbeat before the Mercedes hits the gap.
text: The right side of the Mercedes shreds just as it appears.
text: Fleury's clip gone in a flash, yet more rounds still hit the
text: Mercedes: Al-Ghazi four feet away, firing his own salvo from
text: a knee. Something bright red pops against the driver's side
text: window now, the Mercedes rip-slides to a stop. Commotion
text: inside. Wild, half-aimed shots back at us.
text: Then it starts up again. Al-Ghazi bolts toward the line of
text: stopped traffic. Searching for something big, empty, still
text: running. Fleury right on his heels.
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI (CONT'D)
text: WE MOVE NOW OR WE LOSE HIM.
text: Early 90's Land Rover. Desert tough. Driver long-gone,
text: exhaust plumes pumping out. Al-Ghazi dives into the Driver's
text: seat, Fleury shotgun. Guns it to the rest of the Survivors,
text: an eye on the rooster-tail of the Mercedes he and Fleury just
text: shredded, heading the same direction as Leavitt's kidnappers.
text: Al-Ghazi jumps out, ushers Haytham into the Driver's seat. In
dialog: Arabic:
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI (CONT'D)
dialog: You know Suweidi -- you know how to
dialog: go fast.
text: Fleury helps Sykes into the rear. Janet loads the weapons.
dialog: Jump in.
text: The Land Rover spits it's own tell-tale plume as it sprints
text: away down the median, dodging traffic, in desperate pursuit.
text: Startling silence comes sudden now as the fight moves
text: elsewhere. Receding engines. Petering screams/shouts.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 120.
text: Hold on the flipped, still burning/still smoking Suburbans.
dialog: Surreal in the sun/smoke/haze.
scene_heading: 122 INT. TRAIL SUBURBAN - SAME MOMENT 122
dialog: Driving as fast-hard as possible. No regard for anyone/thing.
text: Passport Officer up front pulls a cell-phone. A THIRD AND
text: FOURTH in the back still beating and zip-cuffing Leavitt.
scene_heading: 123 INT. LAND ROVER - NEXT MOMENT 123
text: Janet's sitting with Sykes in the rear, readying weapons and
text: ammo. She hands him twin Berettas - Sykes' double-fisting
text: despite his wound, looking forward to a fight.
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: Nobody's gonna hurt Leavitt but me.
text: Driver's Seat P.O.V.: on the median, 95 MPH, dodging
text: abandoned and escaping cars. High-beams flashed on-off-on-
text: off, constant horn, gaining on the Mercedes' rooster-tail
text: ahead of them.
scene_heading: 124 INT. TRAIL SUBURBAN - SAME MOMENT 124
text: Powering deep into the Suweidi neighborhood. Skid-stopping
text: and backing into an alley between broken down three story
dialog: buildings.
scene_heading: 125 INT. LAND ROVER - SAME MOMENT 125
text: Haytham scanning as he drives: straining to see the plume
text: from the second attacking vehicle way ahead, blending with
text: other fleeing, scared motorists. We watch as the distant
text: plume cuts hard left, at a high rate of speed... then
speaker_heading: DISAPPEARS.
scene_heading: 126 INT. UNKNOWN ROOM - SAME MOMENT 126
text: Quiet. The 32 year-old son we met on the rooftop is on his
text: cell phone again, speed-assembling an ancient VHS camera atop
text: a tri-pod.
speaker_heading: THE SON
dialog: (in Arabic, frantic)
dialog: DO NOT COME HERE!
text: Intercut with the Mercedes Driver yelling frantic into his
dialog: cell phone:
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 121.
speaker_heading: MERCEDES DRIVER
dialog: (Arabic)
text: He's been shot! BE READY.
text: Back in the room, A HUGE MAN dressed in paramilitary black,
text: face wrapped in his shumagh, so only the eyes are visible,
text: stands in front of a sheet hung from the ceiling, quietly
dialog: practicing/reading a speech for an imaginary audience. Lots
text: of gesticulating and head movement.
text: The handle of large knife sticks from his waste band.
text: Door BURSTS open, bottom hinge rips from the jamb. Leavitt is
text: slammed to the ground. Passport Officer shoves the practicing
text: Speaker out of the way- Turns to the wide-eyed 32 year-old.
speaker_heading: PASSPORT OFFICER
scene_heading: NOW. HURRY.
text: Leavitt's face already swollen-black-bleeding, scanning the
text: room with terrified fury in his eyes. He sees the handle of
text: the knife sticking from the Huge Man's waistband. His tears
dialog: leak all at once.
text: The Officer takes the knife, turns to Leavitt: dirty 11-inch
dialog: blade...
scene_heading: 127 INT. LAND ROVER - NEXT MOMENT 127
text: Haytham searching for the turn-off: where the rooster-tail
text: they were following cut left, died. At the last minute, he
text: sees tire marks headed down an embankment into a decrepit,
text: decaying apartment block neighborhood. Haytham cuts hard,
text: fish-tails. Sykes' head SMASHES into the rear-side window,
dialog: starring it.
text: They're being lead into Riyadh's most hostile neighborhood.
speaker_heading: AL-GHAZI
dialog: We should not be here...
text: JANET'S POV: scanning for the trail Suburban and the Mercedes
text: - she can't help but notice the neighborhood. Halfway past an
text: intersection, Fleury yells:
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
scene_heading: BRAKES-REVERSE-TO THE RIGHT...
text: Haytham brakes, reverses: the Suburban.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 122.
scene_heading: 128 INT. LAND CRUISER / EXT. SUWEIDI - NEXT MOMENT 128
text: Without hesitation Haytham pulls across the cramped street,
text: surrounded by the same decaying buildings. Ahead: CIVILIANS
text: huddled behind cars, poking heads out from behind shacks.
text: A second passes: these people know where the attackers went.
text: Al-Ghazi locks eyes with a little boy... he quickly-quietly
text: just shakes his head no. In the back, Sykes has fallen on his
text: back. He looks up through the window: sees a shape jet past
text: on the top of the closest building -- three stories up: the
text: little boy was nodding a warning-
text: What follows is fast, chaotic, eyes-closed combat:
speaker_heading: GRANT SYKES
scene_heading: -GET OUT OF-
text: -big BOOM of close-in shells. As Haytham throws it in reverse
text: and punches, the front of the Rover shreds. The windshield
text: bursts. Engine dies: tachometer and speedometer needles
text: bottom out instantly. Haytham and Al-Ghazi tuck into the
text: dash. Fleury tries to get as close to the backseat floor
text: panels as possible. Janet covers Sykes.
text: A Thump-Thump-Thump can be heard on the roof: A GRENADE
text: thrown with too much arm by the guy Sykes spotted bounces off
text: the roof and into the Land Cruiser.
text: Frantic, Fleury swats it out.
text: The blast releases a massive airburst and bits of shrapnel
text: into the vehicle, starring windows, rocking it: creak of
text: shocks and struts. Fleury lifts up now, grabs the M-4:
text: returns fire indiscriminately through the windows at any and
text: all surrounding rooftops. That provides cover and reminds
text: everyone in the car they're armed. Janet exits with a rifle:
text: firing out the back door, more covering fire. Civilians who
text: were ready to see a massacre scurry now that it's a fight.
scene_heading: 129 EXT. ROOF TOP - NEXT MOMENT 129
text: A SHOOTER: black-hood, black T-shirt, old-school red-white-
text: black Air Jordans, snub-stock AK, an open, filthy North Face
text: backpack at his feet holding spare clips, God knows what
dialog: else.
text: Shots from below keep him two feet away from the ledge,
text: firing down in random sweeps, head turned like he's lighting
text: a fire-cracker.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 123.
text: We see things from above, three stories down, a sweep of
text: blindly-fired shells pop the asphalt inches from Fleury's
text: head, soiling his face in black-top debris. But Fleury never
text: stops firing back, his own head slightly turned, flinching on
text: reflex. Air Jordan grabs another grenade just before he
text: disintegrates: Fleury's three-feet away with the riot gun.
text: Another rack and blast to make sure A.J. stays down for
dialog: eternity.
text: Fleury spots and bull-charges a second SHOOTER: Ballistic
text: Chicken, Fleury wins. A sound... Fleury spins, racking the
text: riot gun, aims and FREEZES: 2 six year old BOYS stare from
text: the doorway.
scene_heading: 130 EXT. SUWEIDI STREET - NEXT MOMENT 130
text: Haytham crouches in front of the Land Cruiser. Rocks thrown
text: now from somewhere: KIDS peeking from behind shacks
text: Palestinian-style. He's pelted in the side of the head.
text: Janet and Sykes move to a stopped vehicle and take cover.
text: From the rooftop, Fleury yells down to the men on the ground.
speaker_heading: FLEURY (O.C.)
scene_heading: I CAN SEE THE MERCEDES... BLOOD-
text: TRAILS RIGHT UP TO AN APARTMENT IN
scene_heading: THE NEXT BUILDING-
scene_heading: 131 EXT. ROOF TOP - SAME MOMENT 131
text: Fleury's P.O.V.: an Apartment complex that looks like a
text: roadside motel: exposed stairwells, walkways, entrances. A
text: puddle in front of one of the front doors on the third floor.
text: Then we look right, one street over: civilian FIGURES, some
text: in traditional dress, starting to mass.
speaker_heading: FLEURY
text: MOB FORMING NEXT BLOCK!
text: He drops the riot gun, picks up the AK from the man he just
text: killed, pops a new clip from the backpack, slings the
text: backpack over her shoulders. Starts to hustle down.
scene_heading: 132 INT. UNKNOWN ROOM - SAME MOMENT 132
text: Gunshots reverberating from outside. Echoes. The 32 year-old,
text: hands shaking with nerves, screwing the camera into the tri-
text: pod: set-up almost complete. The Passport Officer is posted
text: at the door: head poking out, weapon up and ready.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 124.
text: We can hear Arabic yells down what sounds like a hallway.
text: Passport Officer barks something back.
text: The Driver of the Trail Suburban squats, pinning Leavitt's
text: head down with his knee, knife near a long, white expanse of
text: neck. The Huge Man sits on Leavitt's stomach, keeping him in
text: place. Leavitt trying to gasp for breath: eyes-wide panic.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
speaker_heading: READY?
text: Just as the 32 year-old nods yes, Leavitt explodes with his
text: last bit of effort: kicks just enough to nudge the Camera,
text: trying to knock it over. The 32 year-old gets his hands on it
text: as it falls, almost catches it, slips out, smacks the ground,
text: battery pops off. The Driver and Huge Man both begin
text: hammering Adam.
speaker_heading: PASSPORT OFFICER (O.C.)
dialog: (in Arabic)
speaker_heading: GOD DAMN HIM!
text: 32 year-old picks the camera up again, trying to re-attach
text: the battery as Adam fights for his life. Spit and claws and
text: snot and blood rage.
scene_heading: 133 EXT. CINDER-BLOCK APARTMENTS - NEXT MOMENT 133
text: Running down side stairs, Fleury spots a grenade launcher
text: poking from a door, next-door to the apartment with blood-
text: pool in front.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: RPG!
text: Empties his clip into that vicinity: windows shatter, wood
text: splinters. The grenade launcher recedes. Janet and Al-Ghazi
text: start to run. The launcher fires from its new position...The
text: trail suburban DETONATES. Al-Ghazi and Janet knocked flat on
text: their asses for second and third times: dazed.
dialog: Fleury searching: I know that Fuck with the RPG is reloading,
text: how do I kill him. Drops the bag off his shoulders, pulls a
text: grenade out, fires it as hard as he can: 40 yards on the fly.
text: Bounces just on the third floor landing-
scene_heading: 134 INT. ENEMY APARTMENT - SAME MOMENT 134
text: -RPG Soldier just locking the new rocket tube in, brings the
text: reticle up to his eye. Grenade blast splits through what's
text: left of the front window.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 125.
text: Big flinch-tense on his part: rocket fires inside, roars down
text: the hall, hits two feet in-front of the door Passport Officer
dialog: has been peaking out of.
text: Massive, contained detonation. Passport Officer vanishes. The
text: 32 year-old and his camera are blown through the Driver
text: waiting to saw Leavitt's neck. Because Leavitt was held so
text: tight to the floor, he escapes the worst of the blast. Still
dialog: fucked up.
text: Leavitt's P.O.V.: ears roar with the ring, no sounds. 32 year-
text: old and Driver lay in a heap on the floor. Huge Man's on his
text: back, trying to get up. Leavitt breathes, rolls to the Driver
text: and the boy: grabs driver's blade. Hand to hand war as
text: Leavitt gets his payback. He does not stop.
scene_heading: 135 EXT. CINDER-BLOCK APARTMENTS - SAME MOMENT 135
text: Sykes takes cover between two cars, holding down the rear,
text: firing warning shots and screaming football plays to freak
text: out the LOCALS.
speaker_heading: SYKES
text: THIRTY EIGHT RAZOR MAD DOG!!!
text: He fires above the crowd, as Janet heads into the building.
text: Two LITTLE KIDS slowly approach carrying water, obviously
text: terrified at the sight of the wounded American.
text: Sirens and helicopters sound in the distance.
scene_heading: 136 EXT./INT. CINDER-BLOCK APARTMENTS - NEXT MOMENT. 136
text: Base of the stairs: Mayes joins Fleury and a dazed Al-Ghazi &amp;
dialog: Haytham.
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: A tunnel networks through all these
dialog: places... they use attached
dialog: civilian Apartments, innocent
dialog: families.
speaker_heading: JANET MAYES
dialog: I do not like these people.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
text: We go in the front door. Haytham -
dialog: cover the stairs. Janet - hallway.
dialog: Watch the side doors. Watch your
dialog: backs.
text: Silent nods. Bracing for war...
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 125A.
text: They move 3 levels up the stairs into the building, following
text: the blood-trail from the SUV to the Apartment. PEOPLE step
text: out of their doors. Al-Ghazi aiming at them:
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: (in Arabic)
speaker_heading: INSIDE!
scene_heading: 137 INT. / EXT. APARTMENT 303 - NEXT MOMENT 137
text: The puddle of blood, a trail leading under the door. The
text: front wall/window/entrance of the next apartment down, still
text: smoldering from Fleury's grenade. No sounds, words. Our team:
text: fingers on triggers, weapons to shoulders, sights-aligned.
text: Ten feet back. Shoulders already flexed with tension,
text: expecting a suicidal blast at any moment. Janet grabs another
text: grenade, moves to secure the hallway.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 126.
dialog: 
text: Intercut Sykes outside. Haytham on the stairs.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: (beat, to Al-Ghazi)
dialog: Is Allah on the other side of that
dialog: door?
text: Al-Ghazi raises his prayer beads to Fleury.
speaker_heading: AL-GHAZI
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I think were about to find out, my
dialog: friend.
dialog: Fleury moves forward: I'm primary through the door. Al-
text: Ghazi's right with him. Fleury gets three-point-stance low,
text: hits the door like Jim Brown. Scattered gunfire. Fleury opens
text: up in response.
text: Fleury never stops forward motion. Stumbling headlong into a
text: kitchenette, hard into a refrigerator and cabinets, firing
text: the whole time. Al-Ghazi blasting anything that looks like a
text: body. Straight mop-up operation.
scene_heading: 138 INT. CINDER BLOCK APTS - HALLWAY - SAME MOMENT 138
text: Securing the hallway, Mayes steps into a charred apartment
text: through doors blown off hinges. She heads in deeper, towards
text: the bedroom. Finds the closet - it tunnels into the
text: apartment below. She peers into the hole--
speaker_heading: JANET MAYES
dialog: ADAM?!
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 127.
text: -- sees a bloody knife below thrown by an unseen hand. Janet:
text: wide-eyed horror, about to pull back, when she is YANKED into
text: the hole by her hair.
scene_heading: 139 INT. UNKNOWN ROOM - NEXT MOMENT 139
text: Huge Man ATTACKS Janet. Vicious hand to hand blows. Still
text: tied, Leavitt does what he can, kicking at the attacker.
text: Adrenaline morphs Janet from scared and out-sized to
text: desperate and equally vicious. This is SAVING PRIVATE RYAN
dialog: shit with Leavitt as the observer. He's no coward - he's
dialog: doing everything he can.
text: Huge Man overtakes Janet, slow-choking her... she's gasping,
text: dying... Janet has a knife out and is shredding the big man's
text: back right thigh and ass. BOTH SCREAMING. From nowhere,
text: Fleury ends the fight with a butt-end baseball-swing of the
text: shot gun to Huge Man's head.
dialog: Janet: fucked up, but alive.
speaker_heading: JANET MAYES
dialog: (to Leavitt)
dialog: Sykes is going to kick your ass.
text: Al-Ghazi follows Fleury into the room. Leaning to Janet,
text: Fleury sees Leavitt, puts his hand on his head. Leavitt's
text: somewhere else, tears in his eyes, just taking deep, measured
dialog: breaths.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: Everybody OK?
text: Slow nods from Leavitt and Janet as Fleury cuts Adam's ties.
speaker_heading: FLEURY
dialog: There's at least three more of
dialog: them.
text: As Janet's eyes catch on something: a sheet/half-assed
text: backdrop hung from the ceiling has been nearly pulled down -
text: exposing a crude square cut out of the wall - a path into
dialog: another Apartment.
text: Janet points to the hole in the wall. This isn't over: a
text: seven-year old GIRL peers out at her, shaking, tears in her
text: eyes. Janet tries her best Motherly smile.
speaker_heading: JANET MAYES
dialog: It's okay Little One.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 128.
text: The little girl backs away. Janet gets up, steers Leavitt
text: outside. Sits him down. Hands him a Glock.
text: Fleury and Al-Ghazi step through the hole. Janet follows. A
text: blood trail snakes through Little One's room, out her door,
text: and deeper into another apartment. Little girl long gone into
text: the main part of the Apartment. Then, Arabic SCREAMS, the
text: metal-crashing sound of automatic GUNFIRE.
text: Sirens overheard outside now.
scene_heading: 140 INT. ATTACHED APARTMENT - NEXT MOMENT 140
text: Hustle cautious into the apartment. Haytham stands in the
text: room already: the muzzle of his AK still smoking, held on a
text: man down. The other occupants of the room are a cowering
text: FAMILY: KIDS and a couple of real OLD FOLKS, all terrified. A
text: little boy cries by himself, huddled in a corner. The
text: collateral damage of random violence. Janet quick scans the
text: room. LOCKS EYES on the traumatized little boy, his innocence
text: draining as she watches. Can't take her eyes away.
scene_heading: TIGHT ON HAYTHAM:
dialog: Taking this all in: The violence. The terror of this family,
text: the defiance on the faces of these young souls.
text: Al-Ghazi, post-game shakes, a tear running down his cheeks,
text: spattered in blood, stares at Fleury. The man Haytham shot is
text: not dead: ragged gasps. Fleury and Al-Ghazi lock eyes, then
text: take in the tragedy of the room -- kids their children's age,
dialog: never to be the same. Al-Ghazi to the room, In arabic:
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: Is everyone alright?
text: Silent stares from the Saudis. The little girl Janet saw
text: earlier, eyes still on Janet, moves to her brother - he holds
text: her tight, his eyes down. Janet kneels, heart-breaking, holds
dialog: her hand out: I can help you little one.
text: The Little Girl holds a fist out to Janet, tears in her eyes:
text: okay. Janet slowly crouches over to her, the older women's
text: eyes on her, piercing.
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI (CONT'D)
dialog: (to the little girl, in
dialog: Arabic)
dialog: It's okay.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 129.
text: Little One trembles. One of the women in the corner calls to
text: her in Arabic, sharp. Janet just strokes the back of her
text: little bloody fist. Her little hand opens, shaking: this is a
dialog: gift for you.
text: Janet's face ghost white: Little One is trying to give her a
dialog: marble...
text: Al-Ghazi steps closer, sees the marble. Processes things.
text: Immediately looks over at the huddled mass: THE GRANDFATHER
text: staring right back at him. We now see the old man clearly. Al-
text: Ghazi shaking, slowly steps to him, hands out...
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI (CONT'D)
dialog: (in Arabic)
dialog: Let me help you up, Old Man...
text: The old man nods a `no.'
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI (CONT'D)
dialog: (in Arabic)
dialog: GIVE ME YOUR HANDS!
text: Al-Ghazi rips Grandfather up now. The family screams. Al-
text: Ghazi pulls the old man's hands from under his thobe: missing
text: fingers. Bends at the knees to look the Old Man right in his
text: eyes, lifts his chin with his hand.
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI (CONT'D)
dialog: (dazed, starting to
dialog: realize)
dialog: ...Hamza.
text: The old man looks up at Al-Ghazi: rage and defiance.
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI (CONT'D)
dialog: I got you. Abu Hamza, you are under
dialog: arrest.
text: ABU HAMZA stares, hatred burning into Al-Ghazi.
speaker_heading: NASSAR
dialog: You are a traitor to your
dialog: country... a traitor to your God.
speaker_heading: COLONEL AL-GHAZI
dialog: I am no traitor to my God. You are.
text: Al-Ghazi's chest explodes before we hear the booms: the 15
text: year-old Grandson, firing a cheap, nickel-plated 9MM.
text: Everybody drops. The family huddles that much closer to the
text: floor. Al-Ghazi falls back to the floor, pulling Grandfather
dialog: with him.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 130.
text: Fleury's standing stock still, out-of-body now: He can only
text: see a teenager built like a river-reed, like his own Son...
text: not a Murderer who just shot his friend. Quiet-sick:
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: ...Don't...
text: The 15 year-old steps to the doorway, pulls the trigger
text: again: the cheap 9MM jams. Janet lifts up with her AK, aims
text: it at the boy's chest.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY (CONT'D)
dialog: ...drop it, Son...please...
text: ...The teenager wiping his tears: so he can see clear enough
text: to clear his jammed weapon. Half young boy, the other half
text: something much more dangerous...Expert movements from his
text: hands, racking back the slide, thumbing the still smoking
text: shell from the ejector, letting the slide go, racking another
text: round into the chamber.
text: Then... Fleury finally pulls his trigger.
text: Utter Distortion as the old man reaches for the teenager's
text: fallen hand gun. Janet, screaming, raises her gun towards the
text: old man as Al-Ghazi shoots the old man in the chest. Sobbing,
text: the little boy runs to his fallen grandfather. Janet, still
text: screaming, covers the family. The Grandfather whispers
text: something we cannot hear in the Little Boy's ear.
text: TIGHT ON HAYTHAM taking it all in: the bleeding, dying
text: teenager; his hysterical sister; Hamza choking, clutching for
text: his grandson. CHAOS, CONFUSION, CONFLICT swirling in
text: Haytham's eyes.
text: A platoon of SAUDI POLICE slowly enter the room.
text: Janet goes to the shot 15 year old, starts trying to stop the
dialog: bleeding...
text: Fleury reaching for the dying Al-Ghazi, cradling him. Tears
text: spill as his eyes move from the dying boy to the old man,
text: back down to Al-Ghazi.
text: Fleury grasps Al-Ghazi's hand, as a Saudi man would.
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY (CONT'D)
dialog: You got him. You got him... You got
dialog: him.
scene_heading: 141 EXT. CINDER BLOCK APARTMENTS - LATER 141
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 131.
text: WIDE ON THE CRIME SCENE.
text: From the air as choppers hover and SOLDIERS swarm.
speaker_heading: SMASH TO:
scene_heading: 142 INT. CONVOY - SAUDI ARABIA 142
text: One last convoy heading out of town. Fleury, Leavitt, Janet,
text: and Sykes: battered war scars, million mile stares.
scene_heading: 143 EXT. PRINCE SULTAN AIRBASE - LATER 143
text: Our crew watch from a deserted terminal as a C-130 touches
dialog: down.
text: Haytham enters: came to say good-bye. The team's first smiles
text: -- collective. Fleury stares at Haytham...thinks about what
dialog: he's seen the past few days...how he has come to admire this
text: Kid. Haytham smiling, bandaged himself. Halting and awkward,
text: he shakes Janet's hand.
speaker_heading: HAYTHAM
dialog: (in Arabic)
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: JANET MAYES
dialog: Thank you, Lieutenant Haytham.
text: Haytham says good bye to Leavitt and Sykes. Comes to Fleury.
text: Hands him a beautiful wooden prayer bead necklace.
speaker_heading: HAYTHAM
dialog: May peace be with you.
speaker_heading: FLEURY
dialog: May peace be with all of us, my
dialog: friend.
text: The two men shake hands.
speaker_heading: 143alt OMITTED 143alt
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 132.
speaker_heading: 144 OMITTED 144
scene_heading: 145 OMITTED - SEE SCENE 150 145
speaker_heading: A146 OMITTED A146
speaker_heading: B146 OMITTED B146
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 133.
scene_heading: 146 INT. WASHINGTON FIELD OFFICE - CUBICLE - DAY 146
text: Fleury, Sykes, Leavitt and Janet sit around Janet's cubicle.
text: Bandages, awkward silences, and 1000-yard stares. Subpoenas
text: stacked on the corner of Janet's desk. Leavitt quiet,
dialog: obviously fucked up.
text: Grace approaches.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR GRACE
dialog: We're going to testify next
dialog: Tuesday. Fleury's going first. I'm
dialog: gonna go through it with each of
dialog: you one on one in advance - make
dialog: sure we're all on the same page. If
dialog: they ask if we've talked about
text: this, the answer is unequivocally
dialog: "No." OK?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You did outstanding work over
dialog: there. I'm proud of you. You hold
dialog: your heads high.
text: SILENCE from the team.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR GRACE (CONT'D)
dialog: Ronnie, you ready?
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: Yeah.
text: Grace turns to leave. Fleury gets up to follow. They head
text: down the hallway.
speaker_heading: ADAM LEAVITT
dialog: Janet... my dreams are...
dialog: (beat, intent)
dialog: What did he whisper to you?
text: Confusion from Janet.
speaker_heading: ADAM LEAVITT (CONT'D)
dialog: In the briefing ... to get you to
dialog: stop crying about Fran... before
dialog: any of this... before we even got
dialog: Airborne? What did he say to you?
text: Janet looks up: Leavitt waiting...
speaker_heading: FLASH TO:
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 133A.
scene_heading: 147 EXT. SUWEIDI GRAVEYARD - DAY 147
text: The eight year-old Grandson. Tears in his eyes, standing in
text: front of fresh graves. His AUNT kneels down next to him,
dialog: tears flowing, in Arabic:
speaker_heading: AUNT
dialog: Will you tell me what Grandfather
dialog: whispered to you before they took
dialog: him?
text: He turns to his Aunt...
speaker_heading: BACK TO:
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 134.
scene_heading: 148 INT. WASHINGTON FIELD OFFICE - CONTINUOUS 148
dialog: Leavitt still waiting:
speaker_heading: ADAM LEAVITT
dialog: Do you remember?
text: Janet looks at Leavitt, PAUSES...
scene_heading: JANET MAYES (ALT: RONALD FLEURY)
dialog: (reluctantly)
dialog: He said... "We'll kill them all."
dialog: (alts: "We will win this." "We
dialog: will end this." "We will finish
dialog: this.")
speaker_heading: FLASH TO:
scene_heading: 149 EXT. SUWEIDI GRAVEYARD - SAME MOMENT 149
text: The boy quietly answers, in Arabic:
speaker_heading: GRANDSON
dialog: "Don't worry: we'll kill them all."
text: And in his saucer-wide brown eyes, shrink-wrapped in angry
dialog: tears, we see the parts of the future that will burn.
speaker_heading: 149A OMITTED 149A
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 135.
scene_heading: 150 EXT. WASHINGTON, DC PARK - TIME LAPSE 150
text: Sunlight shines TIGHT ON Fleury's face: stitches the length
text: of his cheek remain. PULL OUT: Fleury and his son throwing a
text: baseball. Lyla watches, standing by a tree.
scene_heading: KINGDOM 8/18/06 136.
text: Father and son throwing the ball back and forth.
speaker_heading: KEVIN FLEURY
dialog: You stop the people that hurt Uncle
dialog: Fran?
text: Fleury stops, just staring at his little son. Tosses back the
dialog: ball.
speaker_heading: KEVIN FLEURY (CONT'D)
dialog: Did you get the bad guys, Daddy?
text: Fleury catches the ball, stares at his son.
text: TIGHT ON FLEURY: He reaches and pulls his son close, holding
dialog: him for what might just be forever... (alt: He hands Kevin Al-
dialog: Ghazi's prayer beads.)
speaker_heading: KEVIN FLEURY (CONT'D)
dialog: There's a lot of bad people out
dialog: there... aren't there, Daddy?
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: Yeah, there are...
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: But you want to know something?
speaker_heading: KEVIN FLEURY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: RONALD FLEURY
dialog: You're not one of them. (alt:
dialog: There's a lot of good guys, too)
text: Kevin smiles up at his dad. For the first time in a long
text: while, Fleury smiles back.
speaker_heading: BLACK.
dialog: 
