dialog: 
speaker_heading: THE PIANIST
dialog: by Ronald Harwood
dialog: based on the published memoir by
speaker_heading: Wladyslaw Szpilman
dialog: Final Draft, 1998
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Note: Unless otherwise indicated, all dialogue spoken by
dialog: Germans will be in the German language and subtitled.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. WARSAW (ARCHIVE) - DAY
text: Black and white. Street scene. People toing and froing. A
text: man rattles by.
scene_heading: SUPERIMPOSE CAPTION:
speaker_heading: WARSAW 1939
scene_heading: INT. STUDIO, RADIO STATION, WARSAW - DAY
text: WLADYSLAV SZPILMAN plays Chopin's Nocturne in C sharp minor,
text: Posthumous. He's twenty-eight years old, elegant and
dialog: handsome.
text: In the booth, separated from the studio by a glass screen,
text: an engineer, wearing collar and tie, monitors the broadcast.
text: Behind him, a window to the street with strips of paper
text: taped on it as protection against blast.
text: Without warning, a bomb drops nearby, then another and
text: another. The whole building shudders alarmingly and the
text: window in the booth shatters.
text: The engineer and Szpilman exchange a look as a man enters
text: the booth and talks urgently to the Engineer, then goes.
text: The engineer makes a 'cut-throat' gesture, but Szpilman
text: shakes his head, determined to play on.
text: He plays, then glances at the booth. The engineer has gone,
text: but through the shattered window he sees fires raging.
text: Very near, a loud, terrifying explosion. The reverberations
text: cause plaster to flake and dust to trickle down over his
dialog: face.
text: And then a bomb explodes even closer. The glass screen
text: separating booth from studio implodes, showering Szpilman
text: with glass. He stops, frozen.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRS AND LOBBY, RADIO STATION - DAY
text: Pandemonium. Chaos. People rushing in all directions, many
text: carrying files, boxes, papers, shouting, calling. Some of
text: the men in military uniform. The bombing continuous.
text: Szpilman fights his way down the stairs. He has a small
text: cut on his forehead and is dabbing it with his handkerchief.
text: He has a dazed look. Halfway down the stairs, A young woman,
text: DOROTA, tugs at his sleeve:
speaker_heading: DOROTA
dialog: Mr. Szpilman.
text: He turns, to see an extremely pretty young woman gazing
text: adoringly at him while they're jostled and shoved. His
text: eyes light up.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: DOROTA
dialog: I came specially to meet you today.
dialog: I love your playing, but what a
dialog: day to choose.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: DOROTA
dialog: My name's Dorota, I'm Jurek's
dialog: sister. oh! You're bleeding.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: It's nothing.
text: JUREK pushes in beside them and takes her arm.
speaker_heading: JUREK
dialog: C'mon, Dorota, you can write him a
dialog: fan letter later, this isn't the
dialog: best time, c'mon.
text: Jurek, pulling Dorota, fights his way down the stairs.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: (calling)
dialog: Jurek, why have you been hiding
dialog: her?
text: And he, too, is carried with the flow into the lobby. Debris
text: everywhere. Szpilman fights to get to the main door, when
text: another bomb explodes, filling the air with dust and debris,
text: obscuring him and everyone else.
scene_heading: INT. WARSAW APARTMENT - DUSK
text: The Szpilman family in panic: coming and going out of rooms,
text: packing clothes and belongings into open suitcases and a
text: trunk in a comfortable, tastefully furnished bourgeois
text: apartment, the living room lined with books, paintings and
text: boasting a boudoir grand, silver platters and candlesticks.
text: The family consist of MOTHER, in a state of great anxiety,
text: FATHER, REGINA, twenty-six, HALINA, twenty-two, and HENRYK,
text: twenty-four, the only one not in movement. He sits by the
text: radio set, ear to the speaker, trying to tune to a station.
text: No bombs now, just the distant sound of artillery fire.
text: Father, holding a silver-framed photograph, crosses to
dialog: Mother.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: What you think, should I take Uncle
dialog: Szymon's photograph?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Take it, don't take it, take what
dialog: you like. Can't you see I'm worried
dialog: sick?
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: He'll come home, he'll be all right.
text: He goes into his room. She can barely control her tears
text: and hurries into the kitchen just as the front door opens
text: and Szpilman enters, looks round bemused by the activity.
speaker_heading: REGINA
text: Mama, Wladek's home.
text: Mother dashes out of the kitchen.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Thank God - Wladek! You're wounded.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: It's a little cut, nothing.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I've been worried sick.
speaker_heading: HENRYK
dialog: I told her not to worry. You had
dialog: your papers on you. If you'd been
dialog: hit by a bomb, they'd have known
dialog: where to take you.
text: The girls suppress smiles.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Henryk, don't say things like that,
dialog: God forbid, God forbid.
speaker_heading: HALINA
dialog: (calling through a
dialog: door)
text: Papa, Wladek's home.
text: Father appears in the doorway, beaming, clutching a violin
dialog: case.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: What did I tell you?
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: (looking around the
dialog: room, bemused)
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: What's it look like we're doing?
text: The toing and froing continues non-stop.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: (to Henryk)
dialog: They bombed us, we're off the air.
speaker_heading: HENRYK
dialog: Warsaw's not the only radio station.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Pack, darling, get your things,
dialog: pack.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: Where are we going?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Out of Warsaw.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: Out of Warsaw. Where?
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: You haven't heard?
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: Heard what?
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: Haven't you seen the paper? Where's
dialog: the paper?
text: She starts to look. The others continue to bustle and pack.
speaker_heading: HALINA
dialog: I used it for packing.
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: (exasperated)
dialog: She used it for packing.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: The government's moved to Lublin.
speaker_heading: HALINA
dialog: All able-bodied men must leave the
dialog: city, go across the river and set
dialog: up a new line of defence, that's
dialog: what it said.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: There's hardly anybody left in
dialog: this building, only women, the men
dialog: have gone.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: And what do you think you'll do
dialog: while you're setting up a new line
dialog: of defence? Wander round lugging
dialog: your suitcases?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Pack, Wladek, there's no time.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: I'm not going anywhere.
speaker_heading: HALINA
dialog: Good! I'm not going anywhere either!
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Don't be ridiculous, we've got to
dialog: keep together.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: No, no, no, I'm staying put. If
dialog: I'm going to die, I prefer to die
text: at home.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: God forbid!
speaker_heading: HENRYK
dialog: Sssh!
text: Crackles, whistles and static from the radio.
speaker_heading: HENRYK
dialog: Ssh! I've got something, listen...
text: They gather round.
speaker_heading: RADIO ANNOUNCER
dialog: ... an important announcement.
dialog: News has just been received through
dialog: the BBC that Great Britain, having
dialog: had no reply...
dialog: (static)
dialog: ...and therefore has declared war
dialog: on Nazi Germany...
dialog: (a collective gasp)
dialog: ... next few hours... awaiting
dialog: latest news...
text: Henryk hits the set.
speaker_heading: RADIO ANNOUNCER
dialog: ... but France is expected to make
dialog: a similar announcement...
dialog: (static)
text: ... Poland is no longer alone.
text: The Polish national anthem plays. All are still.
scene_heading: INT. WARSAW APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Father pours liqueur into glasses.
text: The family are seated around the dining table, having just
text: finished a meal. The table groans with the remains of the
text: dinner. Szpilman has a plaster over his cut.
speaker_heading: HENRYK
dialog: (lighting up a
dialog: cigarette)
dialog: Mama, that was a great dinner.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: It certainly was.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: When there's something to celebrate,
dialog: you've got to make an effort.
text: The glasses are handed round.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Here's to Great Britain and France.
text: They all clink glasses and drink.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: I told you. Didn't I tell you? All
dialog: will be well.
scene_heading: EXT. RUINED WARSAW STREET - DAY
text: A column of German Soldiers, led by an officer on horseback,
text: march into view.
text: On the sidewalk of the street, with its buildings in ruins,
text: smoke still rising, stand onlookers, including Szpilman
text: and Henryk, and a little behind them, Father, craning to
text: see. They watch, expressionless, as the Germans march past.
scene_heading: INT. WARSAW APARTMENT - DAY
text: Regina is opening and closing the window, examining the
text: frame with her fingers. Halina is on a box, removing and
text: replacing books. Mother sits at one end of the table,
text: polishing a man's watch and chain. At the other end, Father
text: sits counting a small stack of notes and coins. Henryk is
text: deep in thought and Szpilman is fiddling with his father's
text: violin. The apartment has less furniture now and the silver
dialog: has gone.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: (finishing the
dialog: counting)
dialog: Five thousand and three.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Is that all?
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Yes, five thousand and three zlotys,
dialog: that's all we've got left.
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: It's three thousand and three zlotys
dialog: too much,
dialog: (reading from
dialog: newspaper)
dialog: 'Re: Further restrictions regarding
dialog: liquid assets: Jews will be allowed
dialog: to keep a maximum of two thousand
dialog: zlotys in their homes.'
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: What are we supposed to do with
dialog: the rest?
speaker_heading: HALINA
text: Deposit it in a bank. Blocked
dialog: account.
speaker_heading: HENRYK
dialog: Banks? Who'd be stupid enough to
dialog: deposit money in a German bank?
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: We could hide the money here in
text: the window frame.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: No, no, no. I'll tell you what
dialog: we'll do. We'll use tried and tested
dialog: methods. You know what we did in
dialog: the last war? We made a hole in
dialog: the table leg and we hid the money
dialog: in there.
speaker_heading: HENRYK
dialog: And suppose they take the table
dialog: away?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: What d'you mean, take the table
dialog: away?
speaker_heading: HENRYK
dialog: The Germans go into Jewish homes
dialog: and they just take what they want,
dialog: furniture, valuables, anything.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Do they?
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Idiot! What would they want with a
dialog: table?
text: All look at the table: it's covered in stains and the veneer
text: is coming away at one end. A table like this?
text: He pokes his finger under the veneer. It snaps, revealing
text: bare wood beneath.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: What on earth are you doing?
speaker_heading: HALINA
dialog: There's a good place under the
text: cupboard.
speaker_heading: HENRYK
dialog: No, no. Listen, I've been thinking --
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: That makes a change.
speaker_heading: HENRYK
dialog: You know what we do? We use
dialog: psychology.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: We use what?
speaker_heading: HENRYK
dialog: We leave the money and the watch
dialog: on the table. And we cover it like
dialog: this.
dialog: (covers it with the
dialog: newspaper)
text: In full view. The Germans will
dialog: search high and low, I promise
dialog: you, they'll never notice it.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: Of course they'll notice it. But
dialog: look--
dialog: (lifts the violin
dialog: fingerboard.)
dialog: This is a good place for something.
speaker_heading: HENRYK
dialog: A good place for what?
dialog: (to the others')
dialog: He's insane!
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: Just shut up.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: (overlapping)
dialog: My violin?
text: They all talk at once.
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: Quiet! Quiet! Order, please, order!
speaker_heading: HALINA
dialog: She's a lawyer, she likes order.
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: Listen, just listen. Let's come to
dialog: an agreement. We jam the money in
dialog: the window frame. The watch we
dialog: hide under the cupboard. And the
dialog: chain we put in the violin.
text: A brief silence.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Will I still be able to play?
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: Let's find out.
text: They start to hide the things.
scene_heading: INT. WARSAW PHARMACY - DAY
text: Szpilman is on the public telephone, waiting for someone
dialog: to answer his call. Then:
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: Jurek? Wladek Szpilman.
speaker_heading: JUREK
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: Wladek! How are you?
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: Fine, we're fine, thank you, and
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: JUREK
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: Fine, we're fine in the
dialog: circumstances. But I can guess
dialog: what you've called about. There's
dialog: nothing we can do; they won't reopen
dialog: the station--
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: (trying to interrupt)
dialog: Yes, I know, but Jurek, Jurek...
speaker_heading: JUREK
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: ...not even music, nothing, no
dialog: radios for the Poles. But I'm sure
dialog: you'll find work, Wladek, a pianist
dialog: like you.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: Maybe, maybe not, but, Jurek, don't
dialog: be offended, I didn't call to
dialog: discuss my future career.
scene_heading: EXT. WARSAW STREET AND CAFE PARADISO - DAY
text: Szpilman and Dorota stroll along a tree-lined street with
text: bombed-out buildings and rubble. She flicks admiring, almost
text: loving glances at him as they walk and talk. And he is
text: smiling, touched by her.
speaker_heading: DOROTA
dialog: I nagged Jurek for weeks and weeks.
dialog: And at last he gave in and said,
dialog: 'All right, come with me tomorrow,'
dialog: and so I came and they bombed the
dialog: station.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: You know something? Meeting you
dialog: like that was absolutely wonderful.
speaker_heading: DOROTA
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: Yes!
text: (he looks at her,
dialog: smiles)
dialog: It was...it was unforgettable.
text: She's embarrassed.
speaker_heading: DOROTA
dialog: I've always loved your playing,
dialog: Mr. Szpilman.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: Wladek, please.
speaker_heading: DOROTA
dialog: No one plays Chopin like you.
text: She begins to laugh.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: I could accompany you, me on the
dialog: piano, you on the cello.
text: They become almost helpless, holding on to each other.
speaker_heading: DOROTA
dialog: Oh, Mr Szpilman, you're quite...
dialog: quite wonderful.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: Wladek, please.
text: Amidst their laughter, he takes her hand and kisses it.
scene_heading: INT. WARSAW APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: The family are gathered around the table, listening to
text: Father reading from the newspaper.
text: The apartment has even less furniture now. The paintings
dialog: are gone.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: (reading)
dialog: 'Re: emblems for Jews in the Warsaw
dialog: District. I hereby order that all
dialog: Jews in the Warsaw District will
dialog: wear visible emblems when out of
dialog: doors. This decree will come into
dialog: force on the 1st December 1939 and
dialog: applies to all Jews over twelve
dialog: years of age. The emblem will
dialog: be worn on the right sleeve and
dialog: will represent a blue Star of David
text: on a white background. The
dialog: background must be sufficiently
dialog: large for the Star to measure eight
dialog: centimetres from point to point.
text: The width of the arms of the Star
dialog: (reading)
dialog: must be one centimetre. Jews who
dialog: do not respect this decree will be
dialog: severely punished. Governor of
dialog: Warsaw District, Dr. Fischer.'
dialog: Silence. Then:
speaker_heading: HENRYK
dialog: I won't wear it.
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: won't wear it. I'm not going to be
dialog: branded.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: (grabbing the
dialog: newspaper)
dialog: Let me see this.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Doesn't it say we have to provide
dialog: these armbands ourselves? Where
dialog: will we get them?
speaker_heading: HENRYK
dialog: We're not going to get them. We're
dialog: not going to wear them!
text: Silence, each locked in their own thoughts.
scene_heading: EXT. WARSAW STREET - DAY
text: Father, wearing the Star of David armband, walks slowly
text: along, carrying a string bag containing potatoes and
text: carrots, his eyes fixed on the pavement as if his thoughts
text: are a million miles away.
text: He passes two GERMAN OFFICERS. They stop.
speaker_heading: GERMAN OFFICER
dialog: (a harsh shout)
dialog: You!
text: Father stops, turns fearfully and approaches the Germans.
speaker_heading: GERMAN OFFICER
dialog: Why didn't you bow?
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: (removing his hat)
dialog: I'm sorry I...
text: I German Officer cracks him hard across the face, catching
text: his ear. Father reels, collects himself as best he can and
text: starts to shuffle on -
speaker_heading: GERMAN OFFICER
dialog: (calling after him)
dialog: You are forbidden to walk on the
dialog: pavement. Walk in the gutter!
text: Father steps off the pavement and walks in the gutter. The
text: German turn and go. Father walks on.
scene_heading: INT. WARSAW APARTMENT - EVENING
text: Szpilman composing at the piano. He plays, makes adjustments
text: with a pencil to the manuscript, plays again. The flat is
text: almost bare. Halina, enters with a newspaper.
speaker_heading: HALINA
dialog: Have you seen this?
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: (irritated)
dialog: What, I'm working, what?
text: She hands him the paper. He looks at it. His expression
text: darkens.
speaker_heading: INSERT:
text: the newspaper. A map of the proposed Jewish area: two
text: distinct districts, one large, one smaller.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN'S VOICE
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: HALINA'S VOICE
dialog: That's where they're going to put
dialog: us.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN'S VOICE
dialog: What d'you mean, put us?
scene_heading: THE APARTMENT:
text: She looks over his shoulder and reads. As she does so, the
text: door of Henryk's room opens and he stands leaning in the
text: doorway, watching, as if amused.
speaker_heading: HALINA
dialog: 'By order of the Governor of the
dialog: Warsaw District, Dr. Fischer,
dialog: concerning the establishment of
dialog: the Jewish District in Warsaw.
dialog: There will be created a Jewish
dialog: District in which all Jews living
dialog: in Warsaw or moving to Warsaw will
dialog: have to reside." And look here:
dialog: 'Jews living outside of the
dialog: prescribed area will have to move
dialog: to the Jewish district by 31st of
dialog: October 1940.'
text: Szpilman gazes at the map, horrified.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: But...they won't get all of us...
dialog: we'll...it's too small...there's
dialog: four hundred thousand of us in
dialog: Warsaw!
speaker_heading: HENRYK
dialog: No. Three hundred and sixty
dialog: thousand, so it'll be easy.
text: He laughs but they're disturbed by a sound from another
text: room, the sound of crying. They look at each other puzzled,
text: then Halina opens a door and looks in. Szpilman and Henryk
dialog: join her.
speaker_heading: BEDROOM:
text: Father is asleep but Mother is sitting on the bed, holding
text: a purse, crying. Halina sits beside her, puts an arm round
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: HALINA
dialog: Mama, what is it?
text: Mother opens the purse to reveal a crumpled note.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Twenty zlotys. That's all we've
dialog: got left. What can I buy with twenty
dialog: zlotys?
dialog: (breaking down)
dialog: I'm sick of cooking potatoes,
dialog: potatoes, potatoes.
text: She weeps. Halina tries to comfort her. Szpilman and Henryk
dialog: watch.
scene_heading: INT. SZPILMAN APARTMENT, SLISKA STREET - NIGHT
text: Hands on the piano keyboard. Podgy, hairy hands with dirty
text: nails. They play an octave, harsh, toneless, with straight
dialog: fingers.
text: The hands belong to Mr Lipa, a dealer, early fifties. He
text: sits at the piano, now examining the lacquer. Regina stands
text: in the bow, watching him. Henryk is at the table, also
text: watching intently.
text: Szpilman sits apart, aloof, his back to the piano and to
dialog: Mr Lipa.
speaker_heading: MR LIPA
dialog: That's the price. That's what I'm
dialog: offering. And my advice is to
dialog: accept. You won't get more from
dialog: anyone else.
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: But...but it's a Steinway, Mr
dialog: Lipa...
speaker_heading: MR LIPA
dialog: Two thousand. My advice is to take
dialog: it. What you going to do when you're
dialog: hungry? Eat the piano?
text: Henryk suddenly makes a lunge for him, grabs hold of him,
text: a rough struggle takes place and during it Mother and Father
text: appear at their bedroom door to watch, appalled.
speaker_heading: HENRYK
dialog: Get out! You're a thieving bastard,
dialog: we don't want your money, get out!
dialog: We'd rather give it away! Get out!
text: Regina tries physically to restrain him.
speaker_heading: MR LIPA
dialog: (overlapping, warding
dialog: off Henryk)
dialog: Hey! Hey! What's the matter with
dialog: you? Haven't you eaten today, what
dialog: you suffering from? Hey!
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: (overlapping)
dialog: Henryk, stop it, leave him alone.
speaker_heading: MR LIPA
dialog: (recovering, catching
dialog: his breath,
dialog: overlapping)
dialog: You people are crazy! I'm doing
dialog: you a favour, two thousand, and
dialog: I'm paying for the removal, I'm
dialog: not even charging for the removal.
text: Henryk subsides, glowering at him.
speaker_heading: MR LIPA
dialog: You haven't eaten today, you're
dialog: crazy...
dialog: Suddenly:
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: (turning to them,
dialog: severe)
dialog: Take it.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET LEADING TO GHETTO - DAY AUTUMN
text: A great column of Jews of all ages make their way towards
text: the area that will become the ghetto. On foot, on bicycles,
text: on horse-drawn platforms, some pushing prams loaded with
text: belongings. A great moving mass of humanity.
text: They're watched on either side of the street by Poles.
text: On a horse-drawn platform, the Szpilmans with their
text: belongings. All wear armbands.
text: Szpilman, Halina and Henryk walk beside the platform with
text: Mother, Father and Regina seated on it.
text: Szpilman catches sight of someone among the onlookers,
text: smiles and pushes through the crowd to Dorota, close to
dialog: tears.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: Dorota!
speaker_heading: DOROTA
dialog: I didn't want to come, I didn't
dialog: want to see all this, but I couldn't
dialog: stop myself.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: How are you doing?
speaker_heading: DOROTA
dialog: Fine, no, not really, they arrested
dialog: my cousin, but Jurek says they'll
dialog: let him out.
dialog: (stops, tears in
dialog: her eyes.)
dialog: This is disgraceful.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: Don't worry, it won't last long.
speaker_heading: DOROTA
dialog: That's what I said, it's so - it's
dialog: too absurd!
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: I'll see you...soon.
text: He smiles and runs to catch up with his family. He looks
text: back, but Dorota is lost to sight and the procession
text: continues on its way.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. GHETTO APARTMENT AND STREET - DAY
text: Two rooms on the third floor: a living room and a kitchen.
text: The Szpilmans are unpacking their belongings in silence.
text: Father pauses for a moment to take stock.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: To tell you the truth, I thought
dialog: it would be worse.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: How will we sleep?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I'll sleep with the girls in the
dialog: kitchen. You, Henrykc and Papa in
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: HALINA
dialog: (at a window)
dialog: Look! Come and look!
text: They all go to the window and look out.
text: Their POV - the street.
text: Further along, men are building a wall across the street.
scene_heading: EXT. GHETTO WALL - DAY
text: A SERIES OF SHOTS:
text: THE WALL. THE WALL. THE WALL.
scene_heading: EXT. MARKET AREA, GHETTO - DAY
text: Winter. Cold, freezing day. Slush underfoot. Great activity.
text: People selling shoes, clothes, carpets, curtains, food. A
text: woman offers cakes under a barbed-wire cover. Noise, bustle,
text: restless wing and froing.
text: Among the traders, Henryk, slightly shabbier now, and at
text: his feet a basket with books. He holds a couple of volumes
text: in his hands, trying to interest passers-by.
text: Szpilman, also a little shabbier, wends his way through
text: the setters and buyers, the beggars, the passers-by, and
text: reaches Henryk.
text: Henryk drops the two volumes into the basket, takes a handle
text: one side of the basket, Szpilman the other. They set off.
text: As they walk, carrying the basket between them, passing
text: beggars and children asking for food:
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: You sell anything?
speaker_heading: HENRYK
dialog: Just one. Dostoevsky. The Idiot.
text: Three zlotys.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: That's better than yesterday.
speaker_heading: HENRYK
dialog: Three lousy zlotys. And there are
dialog: people here making millions.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: HENRYK
dialog: You don't know, believe me. They
text: bribe the guards. The guards turn
dialog: a blind eye. They're bringing in
dialog: cartloads, food, tobacco, liquor,
dialog: French cosmetics, and the poor are
text: dying all around them and they
dialog: don't give a damn.
text: Suddenly, a WOMAN appears in front of them, barring their
text: way. She's brightly rouged with thickly painted eyebrows,
text: dressed in an old green velvet curtain with an unsteady
text: mauve ostrich feather rising from her straw hat.
speaker_heading: THE FEATHER WOMAN
dialog: Excuse me, but have you by any
dialog: chance seen my husband Izaak
dialog: Szerman?
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: I'm afraid not.
speaker_heading: THE FEATHER WOMAN
text: A tall handsome man with a little
dialog: grey beard?
text: They shake their heads.
speaker_heading: THE FEATHER WOMAN
dialog: No?
dialog: (she is near to
text: tears, then smiles
dialog: artificially.)
dialog: Oh, do forgive me.
dialog: (as she goes)
dialog: Goodbye, sleep well, if you see
dialog: him, please do write, Izaak
dialog: Szerman's his name...
text: She wanders on. Szpilman and Henryk, too, continue on their
dialog: way. And as they go:
speaker_heading: HENRYK
dialog: Sometimes I wish I could go mad.
scene_heading: EXT. CHLODNA STREET - DAY
text: A stream of cars and trams. Jewish policemen and German
text: soldiers much in evidence.
text: Szpilman and Henryk join a large crowd of Jews waiting at
text: a barrier to cross the intersection. The crowd is agitated,
text: impatient for a policeman to stop the traffic and let them
dialog: through.
text: A MAN next to Szpilman and Henryk is becoming more and
text: more distraught, shifting his weight from foot to foot,
text: taking off and putting on his hat.
speaker_heading: THE NERVOUS MAN
dialog: This is totally insane; why do we
dialog: have to have a gentile street
dialog: running through our area? Can't
dialog: they go around?
speaker_heading: HENRYK
dialog: Don't worry about it, they're about
dialog: to build a bridge, haven't you
dialog: heard?
speaker_heading: THE NERVOUS MAN
text: A bridge, a schmidge, and the
dialog: Germans claim to be intelligent.
dialog: You know what I think? I think
dialog: they're totally stupid. I've got a
dialog: family to feed and I spend half my
dialog: time here waiting for them to let
dialog: us through.
text: Meanwhile, a street band begins to play a waltz. Jewish
text: policemen and German soldiers are clearing a space, shoving
text: Jews out of the way, including Szpilman, Henryk and the
text: nervous man. Other soldiers are clearing a space.
text: Two GERMAN SOLDIERS pull out of the crowd a tall woman and
text: a short man and haul them into the cleared space.
scene_heading: THE GERMAN SOLDIER
dialog: Dance!
text: The couple dance to the street band's waltz.
text: At intervals, German soldiers select even more unlikely
text: couples: a fat woman with a painfully thin man, a young
text: boy with an elderly woman, two men, and two cripples.
text: The German soldiers are, to various degrees, amused. One
text: of them is almost hysterical with laughter.
speaker_heading: SOLDIERS
dialog: Faster! Go on, faster! Dance!
text: The couples dance as fast as they can. A soldier kicks one
text: of the cripples who can't go on any more.
speaker_heading: SOLDIERS
dialog: Dance! Dance!
text: Then a whistle blows, a policeman stops the traffic, the
text: barrier swings open and people swarm across in both
dialog: directions.
scene_heading: INT. GHETTO APARTMENT - DAY
text: Szpilman and Henryk enter and stop. Uneasy.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Good, they're here. Yitzchak
dialog: Heller's been waiting for you,
dialog: Henryk.
text: Seated at the table with Mother and Father is a uniformed
text: young man, YITZCHAK HELLER, unusual appearance, a man with
text: red hair and a Hitler moustache.
text: Heller remains seated, just nods at the brothers.
speaker_heading: HENRYK
dialog: What's this about?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Sit down, have tea, I'll start
text: lunch when the girls get back.
text: Henryk and Szpilman sit. They eye Heller suspiciously.
speaker_heading: HENRYK
dialog: So, what are you doing here?
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: He brought cakes.
text: Awkward silence.
speaker_heading: FATHER
text: His father's back in the jewellery
dialog: business and doing well, isn't
dialog: that so, Yitzchak? Amazing.
dialog: Jewellery.
text: He runs dry. Another awkward silence. Then:
speaker_heading: HELLER
dialog: We're recruiting.
speaker_heading: HENRYK
dialog: Who's recruiting?
speaker_heading: HELLER
dialog: Don't be clever with me, Henryk.
dialog: I've come here as a friend. They're
dialog: bringing Jews in from all over the
dialog: country. Soon there'll be half a
dialog: million people in the ghetto. We
dialog: need more Jewish police...
speaker_heading: HENRYK
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Oh? More Jewish police? You mean
dialog: you want me to wear a cap like
dialog: yours, beat up Jews with my
text: truncheon and catch the Gestapo
dialog: spirit. I see!
speaker_heading: HELLER
dialog: (eyes narrowed,
dialog: dangerous)
dialog: Someone's got to do it, Henryk.
speaker_heading: HENRYK
dialog: But why me? I thought you only
dialog: recruited boys with rich fathers.
dialog: Look at my father, look at us, I
dialog: mean...
speaker_heading: HELLER
dialog: (interrupting,
dialog: flaring)
dialog: Yes, I'm looking at you and that's
dialog: why I'm here. Your whole family
dialog: can have a better life. You want
dialog: to go on struggling for survival,
dialog: selling books on the street?
speaker_heading: HENRYK
dialog: (a smile)
dialog: Yes, please.
speaker_heading: HELLER
dialog: (to Szpilman)
dialog: I'm doing you people a favour. And
dialog: what about you, Wladek? You're a
dialog: great pianist. And we've got an
dialog: excellent police jazz band. They'd
dialog: welcome you with open arms. Join
dialog: us. You've got no work...
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: Thank you. But I've got work.
text: Silence. Heller rises angrily.
scene_heading: INT. CAFE NOWACZESNA, GHETTO - DAY
text: On a platform, Szpilman plays at a piano, but he can hardly
text: be heard above the noise of chatter and laughter.
text: The large cafe is crowded, hot and smoke-filled. Well-heeled
text: customers, pimps, whores, businessmen sit at little tables,
text: eating, talking, laughing, almost drowning the piano music.
dialog: Some dance.
text: A couple of tables back from the piano, a customer is doing
text: business with a friend. The customer has a small stack of
text: coins, some of them twenty-dollar gold pieces. He folds
text: back the tablecloth to reveal a marble surface beneath. He
text: drops a coin on the marble and listens but the noise is
text: too loud. He sees the cafe owner, BENEK, fiftyish, and
text: makes gestures, pointing at Szpilman. Benek pushes his way
dialog: through to Szpilman.
speaker_heading: BENEK
dialog: (whispering into
dialog: Szpilman's ear)
dialog: I'm sorry, Mr Wladek, he wants you
dialog: to stop.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: (continuing to play)
dialog: Who wants me to stop?
text: Benek points to the customer, who makes an imploring gesture
text: to Szpilman. Szpilman stops playing.
text: The friend watches the customer intently as he drops the
text: coins one by one onto the marble. He drops them, puts his
text: ear close and listens. Two or three he discards, but he
text: smiles when coins make a pure tone, and he keeps them.
text: Szpilman exchanges looks with a pretty whore, who makes
text: eyes at him.
text: Satisfied, the customer beams, nods his thanks to Szpilman,
text: who resumes his piano playing.
scene_heading: EXT. GHETTO STREET - DUSK
text: Szpilman walking. He passes emaciated children and beggars.
text: He steps over the corpses lying on the sidewalk.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET NEAR WALL - DUSK
text: The wall runs the length of the street, dividing it in
text: half and narrowing it. Buildings on one side, the wall on
dialog: the other.
text: Szpilman walks along. A piercing whistle from the Aryan
text: side. Szpilman stops.
text: Two women appear from a doorway, approach the wall and
text: look up. Two or three packages come flying over from the
text: Aryan side. The women grab them and disappear.
text: Szpilman walks on and sees a child appear through a hole
text: at ground level. The child wriggles through then turns,
text: pulls a package after him and runs.
text: Szpilman walks on, hears a noise, looks back to see a SECOND
text: CHILD trying to wriggle through the same hole. But he's
text: stuck. Angry German voices from the Aryan side.
speaker_heading: 2ND CHILD
dialog: Help me! help me!
text: Szpilman goes to him, pulls him with all his might but the
text: boy is jammed in the hole.
text: From the other side of the wall, the sound of an angry
text: German voice and of a boot stamping violently on the boy.
text: The boy screams in agony.
text: Szpilman continues to try to pull the boy through.
text: The sound of the German voice swearing and the dull,
text: crunching noise made by the boot smashing into the boy
text: continues, and with every thud the boy screams in terrible
dialog: pain.
text: Szpilman struggles to help the boy whose screams are
text: becoming weaker yet increasingly desperate.
text: Szpilman pulls his arms and finally manages to get him
text: through. The boy lies moaning.
text: Szpilman takes the boy's face in his hands, tries to comfort
text: him, revive him, but the boy has stopped moaning. His head
text: lolls and his jaw sags. He is dead. Szpilman stands quickly
text: and hurries away.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD AND HOUSE - EVENING
text: Szpilman approaches the house through a shabby yard.
scene_heading: INT. JEHUDA ZYSKIND'S ROOM - EVENING
text: The noise of a mimeograph machine. A huge, CHEERFUL MAN
text: with a perpetual cigarette in his mouth.
speaker_heading: JEHUDA
dialog: I always say look on the bright
dialog: side. You're in the small ghetto,
dialog: intellectuals, professional people,
dialog: you're better off than us. Here,
text: in the large ghetto, it's a
dialog: cesspool. But you, you're living
dialog: in Monte Carlo. You could say you're
dialog: privileged and that, of course,
dialog: goes against my principles.
dialog: Nevertheless...
text: He laughs and coughs, starts looking through papers. His
text: room is piled from floor to ceiling with old papers and
text: stuff. Dark, shabby, run-down.
text: One of his sons, SYMCHE, is operating the mimeograph
text: machine. The other, DOLEK, is sorting the sheets as they
text: come off the roller. MRS. ZYSKIND, holding a toddler, is
text: cooking at a small stove.
text: JEHUDA finds what he's been looking for, a newspaper made
text: up of a few sheets.
speaker_heading: JEHUDA
dialog: Ah, here. Today's news from the
dialog: other side.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: You're amazing, Jehuda.
speaker_heading: JEHUDA
dialog: No, I'm a socialist. I have brothers
dialog: everywhere. They bring me news and
dialog: food. We care about our fellow
dialog: human beings. Workers of the world
dialog: unite.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: So, what's the news?
speaker_heading: JEHUDA
dialog: (scanning the paper)
text: The Germans are advancing on
dialog: Kharkhov.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: I don't know why I come here every
dialog: evening, it's always such bad news.
speaker_heading: JEHUDA
dialog: Bad news, you crazy? You have no
dialog: world view, Wladek, that's your
dialog: trouble. The news couldn't be
dialog: better. The moment Hitler invaded
dialog: Russia, I knew we'd be all right.
dialog: Remember Napoleon. Same business.
dialog: The Germans will freeze to death,
dialog: please God.
text: He beams. Szpilman leans over, takes a sheet from the
text: mimeograph.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: Jehuda, give me something to do.
speaker_heading: JEHUDA
dialog: You're an artist, Wladek, you keep
dialog: people's spirits up. You do enough.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: But I want to help, I want to.
speaker_heading: JEHUDA
dialog: You're too well known, Wladek. And
dialog: you know what? You musicians don't
dialog: make good conspirators. You're
dialog: too...too musical.
text: He loves this, laughs, coughs.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
text: There are notices going up. The
dialog: city's to be cleansed of
dialog: undesirables.
speaker_heading: JEHUDA
text: There are always notices going up.
text: A distinctive knock on the door. Szpilman tenses but Jehuda
text: beams. To one of his boys: Symche - The boy opens the door
text: to admit a short, neat man, MAJOREK.
speaker_heading: MAJOREK
dialog: Hello, Symche, Dolek, Mrs Zyskind,
dialog: Jehuda. Working hard?
text: He stops, seeing Szpilman.
speaker_heading: JEHUDA
dialog: Majorek, this is the greatest
dialog: pianist in Poland, maybe in the
dialog: whole world. Wladyslaw Szpilman.
dialog: Meet Majorek.
speaker_heading: MAJOREK
dialog: (shakes Szpilman's
dialog: hand)
dialog: I know your name. I've never heard
dialog: you play.
speaker_heading: JEHUDA
dialog: Majorek used to be in the army.
dialog: Brilliant man. He's got a mind
text: like a searchlight. The only thing
dialog: I've got against him is he's not a
dialog: socialist.
dialog: (he looks out of
dialog: the window.)
dialog: You'd better go now, Wladek. It's
text: nearly curfew.
dialog: (he hands over
dialog: pamphlets to
dialog: Majorek.)
dialog: You see these, Wladek? You know
dialog: how many copies we print of our
dialog: newspaper?
text: Szpilman shrugs.
speaker_heading: JEHUDA
dialog: Five hundred. You know how many
dialog: people on average read one copy?
dialog: Twenty. That makes ten thousand
dialog: readers. These will start the
text: uprising. Majorek hides them in
text: his underpants. And leaves them in
dialog: toilets.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: Toilets?
speaker_heading: MAJOREK
dialog: As many toilets as I can find.
dialog: Germans never go into Jewish
dialog: toilets. They're too clean for
dialog: them.
text: Jehuda loves this too, but his laugh makes him cough
text: appallingly.
scene_heading: INT. GHETTO APARTMENT - EVENING
text: Summer. The windows are open and the sounds of the ghetto
text: can be heard in the background. The family sit round the
text: small table as Mother comes with a saucepan of soup and
text: starts to serve.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: And, please, tonight, for once, I
dialog: don't want anything bad talked
dialog: about. Let's enjoy our meal.
speaker_heading: HENRYK
dialog: Okay, then I'll tell you something
dialog: funny. You know who I mean by Dr.
dialog: Raszeja.
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: The surgeon?
speaker_heading: HENRYK
dialog: The surgeon. Well, for some reason,
dialog: don't ask me why, the Germans
dialog: allowed him into the ghetto to
dialog: perform an operation...
speaker_heading: HALINA
dialog: On a Jew? They allowed a Pole to
dialog: come in to operate on a Jew?
speaker_heading: HENRYK
dialog: He got a pass, that's all I know.
dialog: Anyway, he puts the patient to
text: sleep and starts the operation.
dialog: He'd just made the first incision
dialog: when the SS burst in, shoot the
text: patient lying on the table, and
dialog: then shoot Dr. Raszeja and everybody
dialog: else who was there. Isn't that a
dialog: laugh? The patient didn't feel a
dialog: thing, he was anaesthetised -
text: He laughs. No one else does.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Henryk, I said nothing bad.
speaker_heading: HENRYK
dialog: What's the matter with you all?
dialog: Have you lost your sense of humour?
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: It's not funny.
speaker_heading: HENRYK
dialog: Well, you know what's funny? You're
dialog: funny with that ridiculous tie.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: What are you talking about, my
dialog: tie? What's my tie got to do with
dialog: anything? I need the tie for my
dialog: work.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Boys, boys...
speaker_heading: HENRYK
dialog: Your work, yes, playing the piano
dialog: for all the parasites in the ghetto,
dialog: they don't give a damn about
dialog: people's sufferings, they don't
dialog: even notice what's going on around
dialog: them!
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: I blame the Americans.
text: The others look at him.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: For what? For my tie?
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: American Jews, and there's lots of
dialog: them, what have they done for us?
dialog: What do they think they're doing?
dialog: People here are dying, haven't got
text: a bite to eat. The Jewish bankers
dialog: over there should be persuading
dialog: America to declare war on Germany!
text: Suddenly, there's a roar of engines and a screech of brakes.
text: Slamming of doors.
text: The family rush to the windows.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. BUILDING OPPOSITE AND GHETTO APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: A Gestapo vehicle has entered the street and screeched to
text: a halt. Helmeted, jackbooted SS MEN, led by an NCO, pour
text: out of the vehicle.
text: The Szpilmans gather at their open window to watch. Regina
text: turns off the lights before joining them. They are all
text: terrified. Their half-eaten meal still on the table behind
dialog: them.
text: POV - from Szpilman apartment: the building opposite.
text: The SS men pouring into the building opposite. Sound of
text: the jackboots on stairs. Lights go on floor by floor.
text: In an apartment directly opposite, a businessman, his wife,
text: three young people and an old man in a wheelchair sit at
text: their dining table. The SS men burst in, machine pistols
text: at the ready. The family is frozen with horror, remain
text: seated.
text: The NCO scans their faces.
speaker_heading: NCO
dialog: (in a towering rage)
dialog: Stand up!
text: The family rise to their feet fast, except for the old man
text: in the wheelchair. The NCO bears down on him.
speaker_heading: NCO
dialog: Stand up!
text: The old man in the wheelchair grips the arms of the chair
text: and tries desperately to stand. But he can't. Without
text: warning, the SS men seize the chair with the old man in
text: it, carry him out on to the balcony.
speaker_heading: THE SZPILMANS:
text: Mother SCREAMS, Father shrinks back, Halina comforts him
text: and Regina comforts Mother.
text: Szpilman's and Henryk 's POV - the apartment opposite:
text: The SS men throw the old man in his wheelchair over the
text: balcony. He seems to hang in the air for a second then
text: drops out of the chair and out of sight. But there's a
text: terrible thud as his body hits the pavement and a clatter
text: as the wheelchair follows him.
speaker_heading: THE SZPILMANS:
text: Mother sobbing. The others, still horrified.
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: (softly, to Mother)
dialog: Be quiet, Mama, for God's sake, be
dialog: quiet!
text: Then sound of shots, slamming doors, screams, shouts.
text: Szpilman and Henryk hurry to another window so that they
text: can see what's going on.
text: Their POV from second window building opposite and street:
text: SS Men herding a couple of dozen prisoners from the building
dialog: opposite.
text: People watching from the windows but trying not to be seen.
text: The headlights of the SS vehicle are switched on and the
text: SS Men are forcing their prisoners to stand in the beam.
speaker_heading: A GERMAN VOICE
dialog: Run! Run!
text: The prisoners start to run.
text: The SS men open fire with a machine gun mounted on the
text: vehicle. People in the building opposite begin to SCREAM.
text: The prisoners are being shot down. They are lifted into
text: the air by the bullets, turn somersaults, fall dead.
text: One man escapes by running back in the opposite direction,
text: out of the beam of light and is lost to sight for a moment.
text: The escaping man, a silhouette, out of the light, runs
text: with all his strength, putting distance between himself
text: and the SS. He starts to scale a wall. He looks as though
text: he's getting away.
text: But there's a floodlight on the SS vehicle. It flares into
text: light, swivels and finds the man. A volley of shots.
text: The man drops from the wall, dead. The SS men get into the
text: vehicle and speed off, driving over the dead bodies.
speaker_heading: THE SZPILMANS:
text: Szpilman and Henryk stare at the scene, silent, shocked.
text: The only sounds, the weeping of the people opposite and,
text: nearer, Mother crying softly.
scene_heading: INT. CAFE NOWOCZESNA - DAY
text: Szpilman, as if in another world, playing the piano. The
text: cafe is full of customers but the atmosphere is much more
text: subdued than previously, the mood is sombre.
scene_heading: EXT. CAFE NOWOCZESNA - DAY
text: A doorman with a cudgel beats away the beggars from the
text: door as Halina, distraught and out of breath, runs to the
text: cafe entrance. The doorman lets her in.
scene_heading: INT. CAFE NOWACZESNA - DAY
text: Szpilman snaps out of his reverie, seeing, across the heads
text: of the customers, Halina, in a state of great anxiety,
text: beckoning urgently.
text: Szpilman quickly brings the piece to a close, stands, steps
text: off the platform, threads his way through to Halina. She's
text: shivering, almost unable to speak.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: What's happened?
speaker_heading: HALINA
dialog: (almost incoherent)
dialog: Oh my God, it's terrible, you've
dialog: got to do something, oh my God!
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: (shaking her)
dialog: Calm down, what, what is it?
speaker_heading: HALINA
dialog: They're hunting people on the
dialog: streets. They've picked up Henryk.
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS - DAY
text: Szpilman running. Streets crowded. Corpses. Szpilman,
text: sweating, dodges and sidesteps. Then, suddenly, a woman
text: bars his way. She's the Feather Woman, brightly rouged,
text: with her thickly painted eyebrows, the unsteady mauve
text: ostrich feather rising from her straw hat.
speaker_heading: THE FEATHER WOMAN
dialog: Excuse me, but have you seen my
dialog: husband Izaak Szerman?
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: I'm afraid not.
text: He tries to dodge past but she grabs his arm.
speaker_heading: THE FEATHER WOMAN
text: He's tall, he's handsome. He has a
dialog: little grey beard. If you see him,
dialog: please do write, Izaak Szerman's
dialog: his name, don't forget.
text: Szpilman manages to free himself and runs on.
scene_heading: EXT. LABOUR BUREAU BUILDING - DAY
text: A mob of men in front of the building being herded this
text: way and that by Jewish policemen. More and more captive
text: men are brought in by the German Schutzpolizei (Shupos).
text: The mob constantly swelling.
text: Szpilman reaches the back of the crowd.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: (to an elderly man
dialog: nearest him)
dialog: What's happening?
scene_heading: THE ELDERLY MAN
dialog: They've got my grandson in there.
dialog: They pick 'em up, they take 'em
dialog: away. What do they do to them?
dialog: I've stopped believing in God!
text: Szpilman scans the mob. The Jewish policemen using batons
text: and whips to herd the men. No sign of Henryk. Szpilman
text: becomes alert. He's seen someone he recognises. Heller,
text: with his red hair and Hitler moustache, wielding a baton,
text: driving men into the building. With difficulty, Szpilman
text: pushes his way through the mob and gets nearer to Heller.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Yitzchak!
text: Heller doesn't hear.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: Yitzchak!
text: Heller glances round.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: Here, please! Wladek Szpilman!
text: Heller shoves someone aside so that Szpilman can approach,
text: but he continues to beat and manhandle people.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: Henryk's in there.
speaker_heading: HELLER
dialog: I haven't seen him.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: Believe me, they've picked him up.
speaker_heading: HELLER
dialog: Tough luck.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: Can you help?
speaker_heading: HELLER
dialog: Oh, you need me now, yes, now you
dialog: need me!
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: Can you help us?
speaker_heading: HELLER
dialog: It costs.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: I've no money.
speaker_heading: HELLER
dialog: Then there's nothing I can do. He
dialog: should've joined us when I gave
dialog: him the chance..
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: Yitzchak, they told me you had
dialog: influence.
speaker_heading: HELLER
dialog: Who told you?
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: People I know. They said you're an
dialog: important man.
text: Heller just glares at Szpilman and then moves away. Szpilman
text: stands, jostled by the crowd, uncertain, forlorn.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY AND LABOUR BUREAU, LATER - MID-AFTERNOON
text: Szpilman, keeping to the shadows of the alleyway, watches
text: the front of the building. Comings and goings. German
text: Soldiers in evidence. The mob is smaller now.
text: Szpilman waits and watches, and then a POOR WOMAN passes,
text: carrying a can wrapped in newspaper followed by a RAGGED
text: OLD MAN, dragging himself along. He's shivering with cold,
text: his shoes with holes show his purple feet.
text: The ragged old man suddenly lunges forward and tries to
text: grab the can from the poor woman. They struggle desperately.
speaker_heading: POOR WOMAN
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: A snatcher! Help me, a snatcher!
text: The can falls to the pavement and thick, steaming soup
text: pours into the dirty street.
text: Szpilman watches, rooted to the spot. The ragged old man
text: stares at the can, lets out a groan, more like a whimper,
text: and throws himself full length in the slush, licking the
text: soup up from the pavement. The poor woman starts to howl,
text: kicking the old man and tearing at her hair in despair.
dialog: Then:
speaker_heading: RUBINSTEIN'S VOICE
dialog: Boys, keep your peckers up! And
dialog: girls, keep your legs crossed!
text: RUBINSTEIN, a ragged, dishevelled little man, Chaplinesque,
text: waving a stick, hopping and jumping, approaches the Germans
text: outside the bureau.
speaker_heading: RUBINSTEIN
dialog: Don't let 'em get you down -
text: He approaches a couple of Shupos.
speaker_heading: RUBINSTEIN
dialog: Bandits! Crooks! Thieves!
text: He waves his stick at them. They laugh. One of them bows
dialog: low.
speaker_heading: 1ST SHUPO
dialog: Good day, Herr Rubinstein.
speaker_heading: RUBINSTEIN
dialog: If that means good day, I'm your
dialog: man, you gangsters, robbers,
dialog: pirates!
speaker_heading: 2ND SHUPO
dialog: (tapping his head)
dialog: Mad!
speaker_heading: RUBINSTEIN
dialog: Ich bin meshuge, you bandit!
text: Almost in tears with laughter, they give him a cigarette
text: and he goes on his way.
text: Szpilman almost smiles, then looks again at the building.
text: He waits.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY AND LABOUR BUREAU, LATER - DUSK
text: Sun just setting.
text: From the shelter of the alleyway, Szpilman continues to
text: watch the entrance of the bureau. No mob any more, but
text: people come and go - jewish policemen, shupos, a few jews.
text: Almost continuous sounds of distant shots and screams.
text: Then, Heller appears at the entrance, looks this way and
text: that and goes back inside the building. Szpilman alert.
text: Again Heller appears in the entrance. He beckons someone
text: inside. Henryk shuffles out. Heller shoves him into the
text: street. Henryk stumbles, falls.
text: Szpilman runs to him, helps him to his feet.
speaker_heading: HENRYK
dialog: (immediately on the
dialog: attack, furious)
dialog: You go to Heller, did I ask you to
dialog: talk to him?
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: You're out, aren't you?
text: They start to walk.
speaker_heading: HENRYK
dialog: Did you beg, did you grovel to
dialog: that piece of shit, that cockroach?
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: I didn't grovel, I asked him to
dialog: help.
speaker_heading: HENRYK
dialog: What did you pay him?
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: Pay him? With what? With what could
dialog: I pay him? Every zloty I earn we
dialog: spend on food!
speaker_heading: HENRYK
dialog: I can look after myself!
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: They were taking you away.
speaker_heading: HENRYK
dialog: It's nothing to do with you. It's
dialog: me they wanted, not you. Why do
dialog: you interfere in other people's
dialog: business?
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: You're mad, that's your trouble,
dialog: you're mad.
speaker_heading: HENRYK
dialog: That's also my business.
text: They walk on.
scene_heading: EXT. CHLODNA STREET BRIDGE - DUSK
text: A wooden bridge has been constructed, linking the small
text: ghetto to the large ghetto. Few people about, mostly beggars
dialog: and children.
text: Szpilman and Henryk climb the stairs of the bridge, but as
text: they reach the bridge itself Henryk stumbles, sinks to his
text: knees. Szpilman gets hold of him, tries to help him stand.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: What's the matter? Are you sick?
speaker_heading: HENRYK
text: Hungry.
scene_heading: EXT. CAFE NOWOCZESNA - NIGHT
text: Szpilman supports Henryk, helps him towards the back of
dialog: the cafe.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN, CAFE NOWOCZESNA - NIGHT
text: Henryk, finishing a bowl of soup and a piece of bread,
text: sits at a worktop with Szpilman and Benek. The kitchen is
text: small and busy with cooks, waiters, washers-up.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: What's that mean, no employment
dialog: certificate?
speaker_heading: HENRYK
dialog: You have to have an employment
dialog: certificate to work for one of the
dialog: German firms in the ghetto,
dialog: otherwise...
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: Otherwise what?
speaker_heading: HENRYK
dialog: You'll be deported.
speaker_heading: BENEK
dialog: So the rumours were true...
speaker_heading: HENRYK
dialog: They're going to resettle us. Send
dialog: us to labour camps. In the east.
dialog: And they're closing the small
dialog: ghetto.
dialog: Silence.
scene_heading: EXT. CHLODNA STREET - DAY
text: A dense crowd of people crossing the bridge in both
dialog: directions.
text: Szpilman, shabby and unshaven, hurries along and meets
text: Jehuda Zyskind coming towards him, accompanied by the small
dialog: man, Majorek.
speaker_heading: JEHUDA
dialog: Wladek!
text: Szpilman stops.
speaker_heading: JEHUDA
dialog: I thought you'd be off on tour,
dialog: playing London, Paris, New York?
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: (trying to smile)
dialog: Not this week.
text: They're buffeted by the crowd. In the street below them,
text: cars, trams, pedestrians and German guards.
speaker_heading: JEHUDA
dialog: I have to say you look terrible.
dialog: What's the trouble?
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: You've heard the rumours they're
dialog: going to resettle us in the East?
speaker_heading: JEHUDA
dialog: (dismissing him)
dialog: Rumours, rumours, you take it all
dialog: too much to heart, Wladek.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: I've been trying to get a
dialog: certificate of employment for my
dialog: father. I've managed to get
dialog: certificates for me and the rest
dialog: of the family but I need one more
dialog: for my father. I've been trying
dialog: all the firms, the shops...
speaker_heading: JEHUDA
dialog: Why didn't you come to me?
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: I didn't know you were in the
dialog: certificate business.
speaker_heading: JEHUDA
dialog: I'm not, but Majorek is.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: (to Majorek)
dialog: Can you help? I've no money...
speaker_heading: JEHUDA
dialog: Please, don't insult us.
dialog: (to Majorek)
dialog: Can you do something for him?
speaker_heading: MAJOREK
dialog: Be at the Schultz Workshop,
dialog: tomorrow, four o'clock.
speaker_heading: JEHUDA
dialog: You see what a wonderful piece of
dialog: luck you've had today? That's die
dialog: historical imperative in action
dialog: and that's why I always say, look
dialog: on...
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: (joining with him)
dialog: ...the bright side, yes, I know.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE AND FLOOR, SCHULTZ FACTORY - DAY
text: The name 'Samuel Szpilman' being written on a certificate.
text: The clatter of sewing machines.
text: SCHULTZ, a fat, sweaty German is filling out the form at
text: his desk. Majorek beside him, standing, chatting to him
text: and having a quiet laugh. In the doorway, Szpilman and
dialog: Father.
text: The small office is on an upper level with a window looking
text: down on the factory floor where Jewish men and women are
text: hard at work on sewing machines making the terrible clatter.
text: Schultz stamps the certificate, hands it to Majorek, who
dialog: gives it to Father.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: (doffing his hat)
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: SCHULTZ
dialog: (beaming, German
dialog: accent)
dialog: My pleasure. It won't help you
dialog: anyway.
scene_heading: EXT. CHLODNA STREET BRIDGE - DAY
text: A great mass of agitated people crossing only one way:
text: from the small ghetto to the large ghetto, carrying their
text: belongings. A German film crew records the scene. The
text: Szpilmans among the crowd, lugging suitcases and bundles,
text: Henryk with a few books, Father carrying his violin case.
text: They struggle across the bridge.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. YARD AND WAREHOUSE - DAY
text: A truck backing up. The tail-gate is opened to reveal a
text: huge load of furniture, linen, clothing, mirrors, carpets,
text: bedclothes. Three Jews inside the van start to unload the
text: stuff, dumping it in the yard.
text: Other Jews stand ready to start sorting the load, among
text: them the Szpilman family. Shupos and Jewish policemen
dialog: supervise.
text: Each has their allotted task: Szpilman and Henryk sort out
text: carpets, Father mirrors, Regina linen, Halina and Mother,
dialog: clothing.
text: The sounds of trains not far off.
text: They carry the stuff into the warehouse.
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE - DAY
text: Szpilman and the others bring their piles of things into
text: the warehouse, which is crammed with similar objects, an
text: Aladdin's cave.
dialog: The activity continuous.
scene_heading: INT. SLEEPING QUARTERS, ABOVE WAREHOUSE - NIGHT
text: semi-darkness. A large room with an improvised partition
text: of blankets to separate the men from the women. Three-tiered
text: bunks.
text: On the men's side, Father is on the upper bunk, Henryk on
text: the lower. Szpilman, stripping down to his underwear, is
text: preparing to climb into the middle bunk.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: At least we've got work in the
dialog: ghetto. At least we're still
dialog: together.
text: Szpilman nods, climbs into his bunk, settles down. Somewhere
text: near, the sound of a train.
text: Then a volley of shots, German voices shouting.
text: Szpilman slips off his bunk, hurries to the door, opens it
text: and comes face to face with a German NCO and soldiers.
speaker_heading: NCO
dialog: Out! Assemble in the yard!
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: We're employed here, we've got
dialog: certificates -
text: The NCO cracks Szpilman across the face, turns and goes.
text: Szpilman retreats into the room, his nose bleeding. The
text: women are watching from behind the blankets, but Mother
text: hurries towards Szpilman. She wipes his nose.
text: Shots, shouts, a scream.
scene_heading: EXT. WAREHOUSE YARD - DAWN
text: Still quite dark. The Szpilmans and about twenty others
text: lined up under lights shining on them from a couple of
dialog: German vehicles.
text: The NCO goes along the line, making a selection, using his
text: pistol to prod people into moving. When he gets to the
text: Szpilmans he selects Henryk and Halina. Then, he turns to
dialog: those who are left:
speaker_heading: NCO
dialog: The rest of you get dressed then
dialog: report back here. Bring your
text: belongings. Fifteen kilos only.
speaker_heading: A YOUNG WOMAN
dialog: Where are you taking us?
text: The NCO turns his pistol on the young woman and shoots her
text: through the head. He marches off while she lies on the
text: ground with blood spurting out of her.
scene_heading: INT. SZPILMAN ROOMS, WAREHOUSE - DAWN
text: The partition has been pulled aside. People, including the
text: Szpilmans, are dressing or dressed, packing up their
dialog: belongings.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: I'm sorry, I did my best, I thought
dialog: the certificates would save us
dialog: all.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Stop it, Wladek.
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: Let's just hope that Henryk and
dialog: Halina will be better off -
text: Sounds of shots, screams, shouts, a piercing whistle.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET LEADING TO UMSCHLAGPLATZ - MORNING
dialog: Hot, fine summer's day. Jews, among them Szpilman, Mother,
text: Regina and father, clutching their meagre belongings, walk
text: towards wooden gates and come to a halt. Jewish policemen
text: approach and order the people about, pushing and shoving
text: them into line.
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: (to a Jewish
dialog: policeman)
dialog: Where will we be going?
speaker_heading: JEWISH POLICEMAN #1
dialog: You're going to work. You'll be
dialog: much better off than in this
text: stinking ghetto. The gates are
text: The gates are opened.
speaker_heading: JEWISH POLICEMAN #2
dialog: Move!
text: They shuffle forward.
scene_heading: EXT. UMSCHLAGPLATZ - DAY
text: Szpilman, Mother, Regina and Father, with others, enter
text: through one of the gates, which closes on them. They pause
text: for a moment to take in their new surroundings.
dialog: The Szpilmans and their POV:
text: Their first sight of the large rectangle, walled on two
text: sides and overlooked by buildings. Several hundred people.
text: People walk up and down.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: Let's sit over there.
text: But he stops again, and so do the others. Something they
text: see causes them to stand stock still, expressionless.
speaker_heading: THE SZPILMANS' POV:
text: An unoccupied space at the edge of the compound where
text: bloated, decaying bodies lie near to a wall. The wall itself
text: is spattered with blood. Large flies walk over the dead.
text: Nobody goes near.
speaker_heading: THE SZPILMANS:
text: Szpilman turns away and leads the others to another space.
dialog: Later:
text: Glaring sun. The Szpilmans have settled down on the kerb
text: of a pavement and are waiting. Szpilman stands, observing
dialog: the scene.
text: Mother sits on a bundle of things, staring vacantly, her
text: hair hanging down in strands. Regina, beside her, has her
text: hands over her face and is weeping, the tears running
text: through her fingers.
text: Father walks nervously up and down, hands behind his back,
text: four steps one way, four steps back. Near them, a YOUNG
text: WOMAN begins to wail.
speaker_heading: THE YOUNG WOMAN
dialog: Why did I do it? Why did I do it?
text: A young man, beside her, whispers to her, but she does not
text: seem to take in what he's saying. Her cries continue at
dialog: intervals.
speaker_heading: THE YOUNG WOMAN
dialog: Why did I do it? Why did I do it?
text: The sound of trucks. Everyone looks towards the gates.
text: More Jews are being unloaded from trucks and are marched
text: through the gates. Mothers, children, old people, begging,
text: most of them holding papers. Pandemonium.
dialog: Later:
text: The sun high, blazing. Szpilman is wandering around,
text: occasionally greeting people. The place is crowded now,
text: packed. Trucks bring more and more Jews at intervals.
text: Old people lying down, exhausted, impossible to tell whether
text: some of them are alive or dead. Women carrying dehydrated
text: children drag themselves from group to group. One WOMAN
text: approaches Szpilman.
speaker_heading: WOMAN WITH CHILD
dialog: He's dying, don't you have a drop
dialog: of water? My child's dying of
dialog: thirst, he's dying, he's dying, I
dialog: beg you!
text: Szpilman shakes his head sadly. The woman with child wanders
text: off to another group.
speaker_heading: A MAN'S VOICE
dialog: I'm telling you, it's a disgrace.
text: Szpilman turns to see a man, DR. EHRLICH, haranguing Father.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: I can hear you.
text: Szpilman goes to them.
speaker_heading: DR. EHRLICH
dialog: (overlapping)
dialog: We're letting them take us to our
dialog: death like sheep to the slaughter!
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Dr. Ehrlich, not so loud!
speaker_heading: DR. EHRLICH
dialog: Why don't we attack them? There's
dialog: half a million of us, we could
text: break out of the ghetto. At least
dialog: we could die honourably, not as a
dialog: stain on the face of history!
text: Another man, Grun, joins in.
speaker_heading: GRUN
dialog: Why you so sure they're sending us
dialog: to our death?
speaker_heading: DR. EHRLICH
dialog: I'm not sure. You know why I'm not
dialog: sure? Because they didn't tell me.
dialog: But I'm telling you they plan to
dialog: wipe us all out!
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Dr. Ehrlich, what do you want me
dialog: to do? You want me to fight?
speaker_heading: GRUN
dialog: To fight you need organisation,
dialog: plans, guns!
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: He's right. What d'you think I can
dialog: do? Fight them with my violin bow?
speaker_heading: GRUN
dialog: The Germans would never squander a
dialog: huge labour force like this. They're
dialog: sending us to a labour camp.
speaker_heading: DR. EHRLICH
dialog: Oh, sure. Look at that cripple,
dialog: look at those old people, the
dialog: children, they're going to work?
dialog: Look at Mr Szpilman here, he's
text: going to carry iron girders on his
dialog: back?
text: A loud cry from Mother. Szpilman and Father spin round.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Henryk!
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: (glancing up, shocked)
dialog: Oh my God!
text: Near the gates, among a large bunch of new arrivals, Henryk
dialog: and Halina.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Halina! Henryk!
text: Regina and Szpilman also call and wave. Henryk and Halina
text: struggle through to them. Halina falls into Mother's arms
text: and they hug.
speaker_heading: HALINA
dialog: We heard you were here...we...didn't
dialog: want...we...we wanted to be with
dialog: you.
text: Mother comforts her. And so does Regina. Father smiles
dialog: sadly.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
text: (shakes his head,
dialog: almost to himself,
dialog: a forlorn smile)
dialog: Stupid, stupid!
speaker_heading: THE YOUNG WOMAN
dialog: Why did I do it? Why did I do it?
text: Szpilman stands and stares at her.
dialog: Later:
text: The sun lower but the heat still intense.
text: The place is now packed to suffocation. People calling out
text: names, trying to find each other. The wailing of women and
text: the cries of children.
text: A cordon of Jewish policemen and SS guards are, almost
text: surreptitiously, ringing the compound.
text: The Szpilmans sit in the same place, with Henryk sitting a
text: little apart and now reading a small book.
speaker_heading: THE YOUNG WOMAN
dialog: Why did I do it? Why did I do it?
speaker_heading: HALINA
dialog: She's getting on my nerves. What
dialog: did she do, for God's sake?
text: Grun leans across to her.
speaker_heading: GRUN
dialog: (quietly, to Halina)
text: She smothered her baby.
text: Halina looks at him in disbelief.
speaker_heading: GRUN
dialog: They'd prepared a hiding place and
dialog: so, of course, they went there.
dialog: But the baby cried just as the
text: police came. She smothered the
text: cries with her hands. The baby
dialog: died. A policeman heard the death
dialog: rattle. He found where they were
dialog: hiding.
dialog: Later:
dialog: Szpilman and Henryk.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: What are you reading?
speaker_heading: HENRYK
text: (a crooked, ironic
dialog: smile)
dialog: 'If you prick us, do we not bleed?
dialog: If you tickle us, do we not laugh?
dialog: If you poison us, do we not die?
dialog: And if you wrong us, shall we not
dialog: revenge?'
text: Szpilman takes the book and reads the title page:
text: THE MERCHANT OF VENICE BY WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: Very appropriate.
speaker_heading: HENRYK
dialog: (taking the book
text: back and resuming
dialog: his reading)
dialog: Yes, that's why I brought it.
dialog: Later:
text: The Szpilmans seated on the kerb. Their attention is caught
text: by a BOY who has a box of sweets on a string round his
text: neck. And he's setting the sweets, pocketing money.
speaker_heading: HENRYK
dialog: Idiot. What's he think he's going
dialog: to do with the money?
text: Father calls to the Sweet Boy and beckons him over.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: How much for a caramel?
scene_heading: THE SWEET BOY
text: Twenty zlotys.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: What? For one caramel? What d'you
dialog: think you're going to do with the
dialog: money?
scene_heading: THE SWEET BOY
text: Twenty zlotys.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: (turning to the
dialog: family)
dialog: Have we got twenty between us?
text: They search their pockets and handbags, hand over to Father
text: what change they can find. He, in turn, hands the money to
text: the Sweet Boy, who hands over one caramel and goes on his
dialog: way.
text: Father holds the caramel between thumb and forefinger and
text: examines it carefully. Then, carefully takes out his
text: penknife and with great care divides the caramel into six
text: pans. He hands a part to each of the family.
text: They all exchange a look, an acknowledgement of each other,
text: almost like a toast, and then they chew, slowly,
dialog: deliberately.
text: The whistle of a locomotive. Sound of trucks rattling over
dialog: the rails.
text: At once, a sound of great agitation from the Jews in the
dialog: compound.
scene_heading: EXT. RAILWAY SIDING - DAY
text: The locomotive pulling cattle and goods trucks comes into
text: sight, rolling slowly towards the boundary of the
text: Umschlagplatz and coming to a halt.
scene_heading: EXT. RAILWAY SIDING - DAY
text: A cordon of Jewish policeman and SS guards. Among the great
text: throng of people, the Szpilmans trudge towards the train.
text: Szpilman and Halina walking.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: Halina?
speaker_heading: HALINA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: Funny time to say this.
speaker_heading: HALINA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: wish I knew you better.
speaker_heading: HALINA
dialog: (a smile)
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: THE TRAIN:
text: The Szpilmans near the train. The first trucks are already
text: full, the people inside pressed close together, SS men
text: pushing them with their rifle butts.
text: People in the trucks cry out in desperation.
text: The Szpilmans are pushed along by SS men along the cordon
text: of Jewish policemen, past loaded trucks.
dialog: Then, suddenly:
speaker_heading: A VOICE
dialog: Szpilman! Szpilman!
text: A Jewish policeman grabs Szpilman by his collar and pulls
text: him back out of the police cordon. It's Heller. The rest
text: of the family have reached the next truck to be filled.
text: A scuffle as Szpilman tries to resist. Another Jewish
text: policeman shoves him.
text: Szpilman stumbles, falls to the ground, in front of him
text: the closed ranks of the Jewish policemen's backs.
text: He stands, runs at the cordon, seeing between their heads,
text: shoulders, Mother, Regina, Henryk and Halina clambering
text: into the trucks. Father is looking around, bewildered.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Papa!
text: Father sees him, takes a step towards him, but stops,
text: smiling helplessly. He raises his hand and waves, then
text: turns and goes towards the trucks.
text: Again, Szpilman flings himself at the policemen's shoulders.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: (desperate)
dialog: Papa! Mama! Halina!
text: Heller turns on him.
speaker_heading: HELLER
dialog: What do you think you're doing,
dialog: Szpilman? I've saved your life!
dialog: Now, go on, save yourself!
text: Szpilman stands for a moment, confused, terrified. Then he
text: turns and starts to run.
speaker_heading: HELLER
dialog: Don't run!
text: Szpilman drops to walking pace, makes for the gates. Workers
text: are pushing carts piled with the bloated corpses that lay
text: against the wall. Szpilman falls in with them and they
text: pass through the gates.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN - DAY
text: The doors of the trucks are closed. The train begins to
text: move. Slow, laborious. From the trucks, the faint cries of
dialog: the occupants.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET BY THE SIDING - DAY
text: Szpilman catches his breath by a building. An SS man and
text: Jewish policeman emerge. The Jewish policeman is servile,
text: crawling to the German. He points to the train -
speaker_heading: JEWISH POLICEMAN
dialog: Well, off they go for meltdown!
text: They laugh as they walk away. Szpilman turns and stumbles
text: down the empty street. The cries from the trucks fading.
text: He begins to weep, loud, agonised sobs, and staggers on.
scene_heading: EXT. GHETTO STREET - EVENING
text: Szpilman, lost, empty, aimless, tries to catch his breath
text: in the aftermath of his tears.
text: He wanders forlornly down the street, passing empty
text: buildings with their doors open, windows smashed. Furniture,
text: torn mattresses and pillows lie scattered. Feathers fly.
dialog: Desolation.
text: He turns a corner.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD, JEHUDA'S STREET - EVENING
text: Szpilman comes into the courtyard. He stops, his face blank.
text: Lying outside the door, the bodies of Jehuda, Mrs. Zyskind,
text: their two sons and the toddler. Szpilman steps across the
dialog: bodies.
scene_heading: INT. JEHUDA ZYSKIND'S ROOM - EVENING
text: Chaos. Papers, pamphlets strewn all over the place. The
text: mimeograph smashed.
text: Szpilman enters, stands, surveying the devastation.
text: Distant sounds of shooting, shouts, cries.
text: He gathers up some papers in a pile, takes off his jacket
text: and covers the pile of papers, making a pillow. He lies
text: down on the floor.
text: He stares into the darkness, expressionless, empty.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET NEAR CAFE NOWOCZESNA - DAY
text: Szpilman shuffles along, comes to the cafe. No sign of
text: life, but the door is wide open. He goes inside.
scene_heading: INT. CAFE NOWOCZESNA - DAY
text: A shambles. Szpilman wanders through the upturned tables,
text: broken chairs. Stops, looks about. Nothing.
text: Distant shots, automatic fire.
text: He turns and makes for the door. Then he hears an urgent
text: hiss. He turns sharply and tries to find the source of it.
text: He hears the hiss again.
text: Now he sees, hiding under the platform, Benek, beckoning
text: to him. Szpilman hurries over and crawls on his back until
text: he's beside him. Benek replaces a plank and they are hidden
dialog: from view.
scene_heading: INT. UNDER THE PLATFORM, GHETTO CAFE - DAY
text: Thin slivers of light illuminate the two men on their backs
text: in the cramped space.
speaker_heading: BENEK
text: (looking at him,
dialog: mystified)
dialog: Why are you here, Mr. Wladek?
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: It's like this... I...we...all of
dialog: them.
text: He can't continue. Benek nods.
speaker_heading: BENEK
dialog: Perhaps they're lucky. The quicker
dialog: the better.
dialog: (Brief pause.)
dialog: It isn't over yet. We'll stay here
dialog: for a couple of days. Until things
dialog: die down.
dialog: (Another pause)
dialog: I've bribed a policeman. He'll
dialog: come when it's over.
scene_heading: EXT. GHETTO STREET - DAY
text: In bright sun, Szpilman and Benek march in a column, four
text: abreast, under the command of two Jewish foremen, guarded
text: by two German policemen. They are being marched out of the
text: ghetto gates.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: (to Benek)
dialog: My God. I haven't been outside for -
dialog: it must be two years.
speaker_heading: FELLOW WORKER
dialog: (on the other side
dialog: of him)
dialog: Don't get over-excited.
scene_heading: EXT. ZELAZNA BRAMA SQUARE - DAY
text: Street traders with baskets full of wares, fruit,
text: vegetables, fish, tins of preserves. Women bargain with
text: them, making purchases. Lively, colourful. Dealers in gold
text: and currency calling monotonously.
speaker_heading: DEALERS
dialog: Gold, buy gold! Dollars! Roubles!
dialog: Later:
text: Szpilman, on top of a free-standing scaffold, Benek and
text: the others demolishing a ghetto wall, wielding skdgehammers.
text: They work slowly.
text: A smartly dressed young couple are passing, but stop.
text: They stare. The young woman is extremely attractive and
text: knows it. The foremen, workers and the German policemen
text: ogle her.
speaker_heading: THE YOUNG WOMAN
dialog: Look - oh, do look!
text: Her young man is puzzled; she points.
speaker_heading: THE YOUNG WOMAN
dialog: Jews!
speaker_heading: THE YOUNG MAN
dialog: Can't be the first time you've
dialog: ever seen Jews.
text: Embarrassed, she giggles and they go. Szpilman, Benek and
text: the others continue to work.
text: The foremen sit, sunning themselves, and the German
text: policemen stand, deep in conversation, ignoring the workers.
text: Szpilman suddenly stops work. He has seen something in the
text: square that alerts him.
text: At the furthest stall, he sees a woman, attractive, chic,
text: in her thirties, buying vegetables at a stall. Her name
text: is JANINA GODLEWSKA.
text: Surreptitiously, Szpilman raises a hand, trying to catch
text: her attention. But he's frightened of alerting the German
text: policemen and the foremen. Benek has noticed.
speaker_heading: BENEK
dialog: Someone you know?
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: Yes.
text: Again Szpilman tries, but Janina, her profile to him,
dialog: doesn't see.
speaker_heading: BENEK
dialog: A beauty. Who is she?
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: A singer. Her husband's an actor.
dialog: I knew them well. Good people. I'd
dialog: like to talk to her.
speaker_heading: BENEK
dialog: (playful)
dialog: Don't forget, Mr. Wladek, they
dialog: hang them for helping Jews.
text: He goes back to work.
text: The German policemen wander over to one of the stalls to
text: buy fruit. The moment they do so two Jewish workers scamper
text: across to another stall to buy bread.
text: Szpilman glances across the square: Janina is still at the
dialog: stall.
text: He comes to a decision. He jumps down, is about to dash
text: towards Janina, but stops dead.
text: Janina is no longer there.
scene_heading: EXT. GHETTO STREET - DAY
text: As before, Szpilman and Benek march towards the ghetto
text: gates in the demolition column, four abreast, under the
text: command of the Jewish foremen and guarded by the two German
dialog: policemen.
dialog: Suddenly:
speaker_heading: YOUNG SS MAN
dialog: Halt!
text: The column halts before a young SS man, wild-eyed, with
text: his sleeves rolled up and wielding a pistol. He talks
text: excitedly to the policemen then turns, walks along the
text: column dividing them up: some men to the right, others,
text: seven of them, to the left. Benek he orders to the left,
text: Szpilman to the right.
text: Young SS man turns to those on the left.
speaker_heading: YOUNG SS MAN
dialog: Lie down!
text: Terrified, they obey. He stands over them and, one by one,
text: shoots them. When he comes to Benek, the seventh man, his
text: pistol runs out of ammunition. He changes the clip, shoots
text: Benek and marches off.
scene_heading: EXT. BUILDING SITE, OUTSIDE GHETTO - DAY
text: Szpilman, bent almost double, carries a hod on his back
text: piled with bricks. He is mounting a wooden ramp that runs
text: up beside scaffolding on a small building site where an
text: extra floor is being added to a house. There are Polish
text: workers, too, who don't, of course, wear armbands as the
text: Jews do. There's a wooden hut serving as a store on the
dialog: site.
text: Halfway up the ramp, Szpilman hears someone whistle. He
text: stops, turns to see, at the bottom of the ramp, Majorek,
text: smiling and giving a discreet wave.
dialog: Later:
text: Szpilman and Majorek sip gruel out of mugs. They sit apart
text: from the others who are also taking a break.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: How long have you been here?
speaker_heading: MAJOREK
dialog: Since last night. I was pleased to
dialog: see you.
text: Brief silence.
speaker_heading: MAJOREK
dialog: They're going to start the final
dialog: resettlement now. We know what it
dialog: means. We sent someone out. Zygmunt.
dialog: A good man. His orders were to
text: follow the trains out of Warsaw.
dialog: He got to Sokolow. A local
dialog: railwayman told him the tracks are
text: divided, one branch leading to
dialog: Treblinka. He said every day freight
dialog: trains carrying people from Warsaw
text: forked to Treblinka and returned
text: empty. No transports of food are
dialog: ever seen on that line. And
dialog: civilians are forbidden to approach
dialog: the Treblinka station. They're
dialog: exterminating us. Won't take them
dialog: long. We're sixty thousand left.
dialog: Out of half a million. Mostly young
dialog: people. And this time we're going
dialog: to fight. We're in good shape.
dialog: We're organised. We're prepared.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: If you need help...
text: Whistle blows.
dialog: A little later:
text: Szpilman again mounting the ramp with a hod full of bricks
text: on his back. The noise of airplanes overhead.
scene_heading: EXT. SKY - DAY
text: A swarm of Russian bombers. Anti-aircraft fire. Puffs of
text: exploding shells.
scene_heading: EXT. BUILDING SITE - DAY
text: The workers look up. So does Szpilman and, as he does so,
text: the bricks slide off his hod, crashing to the ground below.
speaker_heading: ZICK-ZACK
dialog: You!
text: An SS man, ZICK-ZACK (his nickname), with a whip, approaches
dialog: Szpilman.
speaker_heading: ZICK-ZACK
dialog: Here!
text: Szpilman goes to him. Enraged, Zick-Zack grabs him by the
text: hair and presses his head hard between his thighs and then
text: beats him mercilessly.
speaker_heading: ZICK-ZACK
dialog: (with every stroke,
text: hissing through
dialog: clenched teeth)
dialog: Und-zick! Und-zack! Und-zick! Und-
dialog: zack!
text: After a dozen or so strokes, Szpilman falls forward and
text: lies in the dirt. Zick-Zack nods, satisfied.
speaker_heading: ZICK-ZACK
dialog: Get him away from here.
text: Two Poles, without armbands, one of them Bartczak, drag
text: him away.
text: Bartczak and the other man help Szpilman to his feet.
speaker_heading: BARTCZAK
dialog: Hope you played the piano better
dialog: than you carry bricks.
speaker_heading: POLISH WORKMAN
dialog: He won't last long if he goes on
dialog: like this.
speaker_heading: BARTCZAK
dialog: I'll see if I can get him something
dialog: better.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. STORES AND BUILDING SITE - DAY
text: Winter. Rain. Cold. The store, a wooden hut, contains wood,
text: nails, tools, paint, metal brackets.
text: Szpilman sits at a table, where a line of workers has
text: formed. Szpilman makes a record in a ledger of the tools
text: each worker takes out on the site.
text: A worker puts his head into the store.
speaker_heading: WORKER
dialog: (hissing)
dialog: Trouble.
speaker_heading: A GERMAN VOICE
dialog: Assemble! Fall in! Only the Jews!
dialog: Poles go on working! Only the Jews!
dialog: Poles go on working!
text: The Jewish workers start to assemble on the site in
text: haphazard ranks as an SS Captain strides in.
text: The SS Captain, with much jollity and jokes, hops up on to
text: scaffolding and stands, beaming broadly, surveying the
dialog: workers.
speaker_heading: SS CAPTAIN
dialog: (in English)
dialog: I have important and good news for
dialog: you. There are rumours circulating
dialog: that resettlement measures are
dialog: again going to be taken.
text: A glance between Szpilman and Majorek.
speaker_heading: SS CAPTAIN
dialog: (in English)
dialog: I want to assure you personally
dialog: that no such measures will be taken
dialog: now or in the future. Posters will
dialog: be going up also to this effect.
dialog: As proof of our good will, we want
dialog: you to select a delegate, who will
dialog: be permitted to go into town once
dialog: a day to buy, on each worker's
dialog: behalf, five kilos of potatoes and
dialog: one loaf of bread, which you will
dialog: be allowed to take back into the
dialog: ghetto. Now, why would we do that
dialog: j if we meant to resettle you?
text: He beams; no reaction from the workers.
speaker_heading: SS CAPTAIN
dialog: (in English)
dialog: You can do good business on what
dialog: you don't eat. Isn't that what you
dialog: Jews are best at? Making 'geld'?
text: Rubs thumb and forefinger and leers; still no reaction;
text: his smile vanishes.
speaker_heading: SS CAPTAIN
dialog: (in English)
dialog: Carry on.
scene_heading: EXT. BUILDING SITE - DAY
text: Snow. Majorek pulls a barrow by a rope attached to its
text: shaft across the site. On the barrow, five sacks. The Jewish
text: workers are phased to see him.
text: Majorek pulls the barrow to where Szpilman waits.
speaker_heading: MAJOREK
dialog: (under his breath)
text: The smaller one. At the bottom.
text: Szpilman nods and starts unloading the sacks as Majorek
text: moves away.
scene_heading: INT. STORES - DAY
text: Szpilman has unpacked the sacks and laid them in the corner.
text: He kneels before the smallest of the sacks and unties the
text: string around its neck.
text: He puts his hand inside the sack and potatoes tumble out.
text: He reaches to the bottom and is still as his hand finds
text: something. Carefully, he removes a pistol, then another,
text: both wrapped in oil cloths. He hides them under his jacket.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. STORES AND BUILDING SITE - NIGHT
text: Szpilman and a Jewish worker distribute the potatoes to
text: the other Jewish workers lined up with empty containers of
text: various kinds. There are scales on the table, and they
text: weigh out five kilos of potatoes, pour them into the men's
text: containers and drop in a loaf of bread.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET LEADING TO GHETTO - NIGHT
text: The Jewish workers, all carrying their parcels of potatoes
text: and bread, march back towards the ghetto gates escorted by
text: two Polish policemen. Szpilman walks beside them. Ahead of
text: him, Majorek near the front of the column.
text: As the column nears the ghetto gates, Majorek tosses his
text: package over the wall and when Szpilman reaches the same
text: spot, he throws a similar package. The column marches on.
scene_heading: INT. JEWISH BARRACKS - NIGHT
text: A small room with several three-tiered bunk beds. The sound
text: of men's heavy breathing and snoring.
text: Szpilman lies awake, staring at the ceiling. He reaches
text: inside his jacket, finds a scrap of paper and a pencil,
dialog: writes something.
text: He slips off his bunk and crosses to another set of bunks,
text: crouches down at the bottom one, where Majorek sleeps.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: (whispered)
dialog: Majorek!
text: Majorek is instantly awake.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: Have a favour to ask. I want to
dialog: get out of here.
speaker_heading: MAJOREK
dialog: It's easy to get out, it's how you
dialog: survive on the other side that's
dialog: hard.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: I know. But last summer, I worked
text: for a day in Zelazna Brama Square.
dialog: I saw someone I knew. A singer.
dialog: Her husband's an actor. They're
dialog: old friends. (
dialog: (He holds out the "
dialog: piece of paper.)
dialog: I've written their names down. And
dialog: their address. If they're still
dialog: there. Janina Godlewska and Andrzej
dialog: Bogucki. Good people. Majorek, you
dialog: go into the town every day. Would
dialog: you try and make contact? Ask them
dialog: if they'd help me get out of here?
text: Majorek takes the paper but says nothing. He turns over
text: and goes back to sleep. Szpilman returns to his bunk.
scene_heading: INT. STORES - DAY
text: Szpilman has unloaded the sacks of potatoes into the corner
text: and is kneeling, about to untie the string on the smallest
text: sack. A sound alerts him. He looks round.
text: An SS Lieutenant has entered the stores, sucking his finger,
text: which is bleeding.
speaker_heading: SS LIEUTENANT
dialog: Any fucking plaster?
text: Szpilman immediately hurries to a cupboard, finds a First
text: Aid tin, removes a plaster and gives it to the SS
dialog: Lieutenant.
scene_heading: SS LIEUTENANT'S VOICE
dialog: (while he applies
dialog: the plaster to his
dialog: finger)
dialog: What were you up to?
dialog: Nothing from Szpilman.
scene_heading: SS LIEUTENANT'S VOICE
dialog: What the fuck are those?
text: He indicates the sacks with his chin.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: (in German)
dialog: We're allowed to take food into
text: the ghetto. Five kilos of potatoes
dialog: and a...
text: The SS Lieutenant walks over to the sacks and kicks the
dialog: smallest one.
speaker_heading: SS LIEUTENANT
dialog: Open it.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: It's only potatoes and bread.
speaker_heading: SS LIEUTENANT
dialog: Fuck that, you're lying, I can
dialog: smell it. Open it.
text: Szpilman tries to untie the string, but he's too terrified
text: and can't manage it. The SS Lieutenant shoves him out of
text: the way, then takes from his belt a dagger and cuts the
dialog: string.
text: The SS Lieutenant reaches in and withdraws a handful of
text: long yellow beans. He glowers at Szpilman, reaches in again,
text: produces a handful of oatmeal.
speaker_heading: SS LIEUTENANT
dialog: You're all the same. Give a Jew a
dialog: little finger, he takes the whole
dialog: hand.
text: He throws the oatmeal in Szpilman's face.
speaker_heading: SS LIEUTENANT
dialog: You lie to me again and I'll shoot
dialog: you personally.
text: He kicks Szpilman viciously and marches away. Szpilman
text: catches his breath, then quickly reaches into the bottom
text: of the sack and finds a pistol and ammunition. He hides
text: them under his clothes.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET LEADING TO GHETTO - NIGHT
text: Freezing cold. The Jewish workers, with their bundles of
text: potatoes and bread, march back towards the ghetto gates
text: escorted by the two Polish policemen. In the column,
text: Szpilman, near the policeman with the moustache, and a
text: little behind them, Majorek. Distant sounds of gunfire.
text: Majorek falls in beside Szpilman.
speaker_heading: MAJOREK
dialog: I tried your friends. They're not
dialog: at that address any more. But.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: You made contact?
speaker_heading: MAJOREK
dialog: Be ready to leave in two days'
dialog: time. Same place as last night.
text: Sudden, frantic cries from the head of the column, which
text: comes to a stop.
text: Two SS men, blind drunk, drinking vodka from bottles, are
text: lashing the column with whips. One of them is Zikk-Zack, .
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: Oh, shit!
text: As the SS men advance on Szpilman and Majorek's section,
text: Majorek slips back to his place in the column. Szpilman
text: hides his package inside his coat.
text: Zick-Zack lashes out at the workers blindly.
speaker_heading: ZICK-ZACK
dialog: Und-zick! Und-zack!
text: He takes a swig of vodka and comes face to face with
dialog: Szpilman.
speaker_heading: ZICK-ZACK
dialog: (shouting")
dialog: I'll soon teach you discipline!
dialog: Jew pigs!
text: He is staring directly at Szpilman with glassy eyes.
text: Szpilman is terrified, trying as surreptitiously as possible
text: to cover his hidden package with his hands. A moment of
text: danger. Zick-Zack grabs Szpilman by the cottar.
speaker_heading: ZICK-ZACK
dialog: Know why we beat you?
text: No response; shaking him.
speaker_heading: ZICK-ZACK
dialog: Know why we beat you?
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: (tentatively, in
dialog: German)
dialog: No. Why?
speaker_heading: ZICK-ZACK
dialog: To celebrate New Year's Eve!
text: He and his comrade find this hilarious; recovering from
text: his laughter.
speaker_heading: ZICK-ZACK
dialog: Now, march! Go on, march!
text: The column starts to march. ....
speaker_heading: ZICK-ZACK
dialog: And sing!
dialog: (he belches.)
dialog: Sing something cheerful!
dialog: (laughs.)
dialog: And sing it good and loud!
text: A brief silence, then from the back, a solo voice starts
dialog: to sing, 'Children of Warsaw will go to fight!'
text: Szpilman glances back, sees that it's Majorek singing.
text: Szpilman smiles, Majorek nods. Szpilman joins in. Now, so
dialog: do the others.
text: They march on, singing lustily.
speaker_heading: ALL WORKERS
dialog: (singing)
dialog: Hey, ranks unite
dialog: And follow the White Eagle!
dialog: Stand up and fight
dialog: Our mortal enemy.
dialog: Riflemen, hey!
dialog: Let's give them fire and brimstone.
dialog: We'll blow away
dialog: The yoke of slavery.
dialog: Punish and rout
dialog: The rapists of our nation.
dialog: We'll smash the knout
dialog: To save our dignity.
dialog: Soon we'll be proud
dialog: Of our liberation -
dialog: 
dialog: Hey, take your sights!
text: Aim sharply at the heart.
dialog: Hey, load! Hey, shoot!
dialog: Hey, load! Hey, shoot!
dialog: Give 'em a bloody start!
dialog: Hey, load! Hey, shoot!
text: Aim sharply at the heart.
text: The column reaches the lamp posts near the ghetto gates.
text: Szpilman his package over the wall. So does Majorek.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. STORES AND BUILDING SITE - EVENING
text: The Jewish workers lined up to get their potatoes and bread.
text: Szpilman and two others weigh the potatoes.
speaker_heading: GERMAN VOICES
dialog: Get on with it and fall in! Fall
dialog: in!
text: Calmly, Szpilman leaves the table with the scales, walks
text: past Majorek and the others, who, having got their potatoes,
text: are assembling in a column, preparing to march back into
text: the ghetto. The Polish workers have packed up their tools
text: and are talking among themselves, also about to leave the
text: site but in a casual way.
text: The SS guards shout orders for the Jewish column to move
text: off. Szpilman seems as if he's going to join them, but at
text: the last moment turns and falls in with the Polish workers,
text: beside Barczak, who just glances at him then moves so that
text: Szpilman is in the middle of the group.
text: Szpilman slips off his armband, stuffs it into his pocket.
text: The group walk into the darkness.
scene_heading: EXT. WISNIOWA STREET - NIGHT
text: Dimly lit. Empty street. Szpilman walks fast to the corner,
text: stops, looks round anxiously. Nothing. He takes the armband
text: from his pocket and drops it through the grating of a drain
text: in the gutter just as there's movement in a darkened
text: doorway. Szpilman tenses.
text: Then, out of the darkness of the doorway, a woman: JANINA
text: GODLEWSKA.
text: She turns and starts to walk quickly. Szpilman, putting
text: the collar of his coat up, follows, keeping pace. A
text: pedestrian walks past in the opposite direction but pays
dialog: them no attention.
text: Janina and Szpilman walk on.
scene_heading: EXT. BOGUCKI BUILDING - NIGHT
text: Janina comes to the front door, opens it with a key, goes
text: in. Szpilman, a little distance behind, catches up and
text: follows her inside.
scene_heading: INT. HALL, STAIRS AND 3RD FLOOR, BOGUCKI BUILDING - NIGHT
text: Janina waits as Szpilman closes the front door, then starts
text: up the stairs. Szpilman follows. She stops, turns to him,
text: smiles, kisses him on the cheek, then continues up the
dialog: stairs.
scene_heading: INT. BOGUCKI APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: ANDRZEJ BOGUCKI, a handsome man, fortyish, tries to conceal
text: his sense of shock at seeing Szpilman He holds out his
text: hand and Szpilman shakes it.
text: Szpilman looks around the nicely furnished, large apartment.
text: He looks at Bogucki and Janina. Tears well up in his eyes.
text: He fights it hard, not to cry. So does Janina.
speaker_heading: BOGUCKI
dialog: We haven't much time.
scene_heading: INT. SMALL BATHROOM, BOGUCKI APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Szpilman lies in a steaming bath, eyes closed, as though
text: he's in a trance.
text: A gentle knock on the door and Bogucki slips in with some
text: clothes. He gazes at Szpilman, whose eyes remain closed.
speaker_heading: BOGUCKI
dialog: You must hurry.
text: Bogucki holds up a towel. Szpilman lifts himself out of
text: the bath and dries himself.
speaker_heading: BOGUCKI
dialog: We're going to have to keep moving
dialog: you. The Germans are hunting down
text: indiscriminately now. Jews, non-
dialog: Jews, anybody, everybody.
dialog: (handing him the
dialog: clothes')
dialog: See if these fit. And, Wladek,
dialog: you'd better shave. Use my razor.
text: In the cabinet.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM, BOGUCKI APARTMENT - LATER
text: The ceramic stove. Szpilman's ghetto clothes, torn into
text: strips, are being stuffed into it and burned. Janina shoves
text: the strips of clothes into the stove. Szpilman, now wearing
text: Bogucki's suit and clean-shaven, watches the clothes burn
text: while he spoons hot soup into his mouth.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: Thank you, I don't.
speaker_heading: BOGUCKI
dialog: You'll be looked after by Mr
text: Gebczynski. He's on the other side
dialog: of town. You'll stay there tonight.
dialog: Then we'll find you somewhere else.
text: Janina adds the last strip of clothing.
speaker_heading: JANINA
dialog: I'll bring you food.
speaker_heading: BOGUCKI
dialog: Let's go.
scene_heading: EXT. WARSAW STREETS - NIGHT
text: A rickshaw carrying Szpilman and Bogucki travels along the
text: dark streets.
scene_heading: EXT. GEBCZYNSKI'S STORE - NIGHT
text: The rickshaw comes to a halt outside a store. The moment
text: it stops the shutters of the store are raised and Bogucki
text: escorts Szpilman to the door, then quickly returns to the
text: rickshaw, which moves off fast.
scene_heading: INT. GEBCZYNSKI'S STORE - NIGHT
text: GEBCZNYSKI shakes hands with Szpilman, ushers him in and
text: then pulls down the shutter.
dialog: Gebczynski's store is for sanitary furnishings and supplies:
dialog: lavatories, basins, baths, taps etc.
speaker_heading: GEBCZYNSKI
dialog: I'll show you where you're going
dialog: to sleep.
text: He leads the way and as he goes he picks up a cushion from
text: a chair and a blanket. Szpilman follows.
text: STAIRS TO BASEMENT:
text: Gebczynski leads Szpilman down the stairs.
scene_heading: BASEMENT STORE ROOM:
text: Dark, shadowy. Shelves with taps, washers, pipes. Gebczynski
text: leads the may to a particular set of shelves. He puts aside
text: the cushion and blanket, then starts to push at the shelves.
text: Szpilman, although puzzled, helps. Slowly, the shelves
text: move to reveal a secret compartment.
speaker_heading: GEBCZYNSKI
dialog: It's not going to be very
dialog: comfortable.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: I'll be fine.
speaker_heading: GEBCZYNSKI
dialog: You'll have to stay here until
dialog: tomorrow afternoon.
text: He helps Szpilman into the compartment.
speaker_heading: GEBCZYNSKI
dialog: We've got a flat for you. Near the
dialog: ghetto wall. But it's safe.
text: He hands over the cushion and the blanket to Szpilman;
text: then, putting his back to the shelves and his feet against
text: the wall, he pushes the shelves back into place so that
text: Szpilman is now hidden.
scene_heading: INT. SECRET COMPARTMENT - NIGHT
text: In the cramped space, Szpilman is not quite able to stretch
text: full out. With difficulty, he puts the cushion behind his
text: head, starts to cover himself with the blanket but stops,
dialog: seeing something.
text: In niches, neatly stacked: rifles, pistols, grenades,
dialog: ammunition
text: Szpilman stares, expressionless.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAM STOP, WARSAW STREET - AFTERNOON
text: Szpilman and Gebczynski wait with others at the stop as
text: the tram trundles towards them and comes to a halt.
dialog: As they board:
speaker_heading: GEBCZYNSKI
dialog: (quietly, to Szpilman)
dialog: Go as near to the front as possible,
dialog: to the German section.
scene_heading: INT. TRAM (TRAVELLING) - AFTERNOON
text: Gebczynski and Szpilman apprehensive, push through the
text: rear section, packed with Poles, seated and standing, until
text: they reach a chain and a sign:
speaker_heading: GERMANS ONLY
text: In the German section, only three or four passengers. Some
text: read newspapers, others stare into space or out of the
text: windows, but never looking at the Poles.
text: Szpilman tries to appear as inconspicuous as possible. The
text: tram rumbles on its way.
scene_heading: INT. 1ST APARTMENT, 4TH FLOOR LANDING AND DOOR - AFTERNOON
text: Gebczynski and Szpilman come up the stairs to the landing
text: and to a door. Gebczynski unlocks the door and they go in.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. 1ST APARTMENT, 4TH FLOOR, AND GHETTO - AFTERNOON
text: A charmingly furnished bed-sitting room with a comfortable
text: divan. Gebczynski leads the way in. Szpilman glances around,
text: goes to the window, looks out.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN'S POV:
text: He can see a section of ghetto wall below. Beyond it, inside
text: the ghetto, a narrow street leading to deserted buildings.
text: Gebczynski comes up behind him.
speaker_heading: GEBCZYNSKI
dialog: Must feel better this side of the
dialog: wall.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: Yes, but sometimes I'm still not
dialog: sure which side of the wall I'm
dialog: on.
speaker_heading: GEBCZYNSKI
dialog: Here.
text: He leads Szpilman to the small kitchen.
text: Gebczynski opens a cupboard to reveal potatoes, bread.
speaker_heading: GEBCZYNSKI
dialog: I'll come again. And Janina Bogucki
dialog: will visit twice a week. Bring
dialog: more food. See how you are.
text: He closes the cupboard.
scene_heading: THE MAIN ROOM.
text: Gebczynski makes for the front door, stops.
speaker_heading: GEBCZYNSKI
dialog: Yes, now, this is very important.
dialog: In case of emergency, I mean
dialog: emergency, go to this address.
text: He hands over a scrap of paper, shakes Szpilman's hand and
text: goes quickly.
text: Alone, Szpilman stands, lost for a moment. Then, he takes
text: off his shoe and stuffs the scrap of paper into it. While
text: he does so, his eyes light on the divan bed.
text: He goes to it, slips off his other shoe and lies down,
text: testing the divan's springiness with his whole body.
text: He smiles beatifically. He shuts his eyes and is instantly
dialog: asleep.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. 1ST APARTMENT - DAY
text: Szpilman still fast asleep. Voices wake him. He opens his
text: eyes. He's not certain where he is for a moment.
text: He hears the voices again, coming from the adjoining flat.
text: Intrigued, he rises, goes closer to the watt, puts his ear
text: against it, listens. After a brief silence:
speaker_heading: KITTEN'S VOICE
dialog: (angry)
dialog: Puppydog, what d'you mean, you
dialog: forgot?
speaker_heading: PUPPYDOG'S VOICE
dialog: What d'you think I mean, Kitten? I
dialog: forgot, that's what I mean.
speaker_heading: KITTEN'S VOICE
dialog: You know what? You treat me like
dialog: dirt!
speaker_heading: PUPPYDOG'S VOICE
dialog: I treat you like dirt because you
dialog: are dirt.
speaker_heading: KITTEN'S VOICE
dialog: Pig!
speaker_heading: PUPPYDOG'S VOICE
dialog: Cow!
speaker_heading: KITTEN'S VOICE
dialog: Pig!
speaker_heading: PUPPYDOG'S VOICE
dialog: Bitch!
speaker_heading: KITTEN'S VOICE
dialog: Dirty pig!
speaker_heading: PUPPYDOG'S VOICE
dialog: You're a dirty pig!
speaker_heading: KITTEN'S VOICE
dialog: Takes one to know one! Pig!
text: Silence. Szpilman is enjoying himself.
text: Then the sound of a piano being played with great feeling
dialog: but a lot of wrong notes.
speaker_heading: PUPPYDOG'S VOICE
dialog: You play like an angel, Kitten.
text: The piano continues for a moment, but suddenly stops:
speaker_heading: KITTEN'S VOICE
dialog: If I play like an angel, why don't
dialog: you listen?
speaker_heading: PUPPYDOG'S VOICE
dialog: I was listening, Kitten.
speaker_heading: KITTEN'S VOICE
dialog: Liar, you fell asleep. Pig!
text: A door slams.
speaker_heading: PUPPYDOG'S VOICE
dialog: (wheedling)
dialog: Kitten, let me in.
text: Silence. Szpilman smiles but then hears the sound of rifle
text: shots and a huge explosion.
text: He crosses quickly to the window, looks out.
scene_heading: SZPILMAN'S POV - THE GHETTO.
text: Deserted. Stillness. Silence. From the ghetto smoke drifting
dialog: slowly.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. 1ST APARTMENT - EARLY MORNING
text: Szpilman asleep on the divan. The roar of motor car and
text: motorcycle engines. Sporadic firing.
text: He wakes, rushes to the window.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN'S POV:
text: A German personnel carrier, an open car carrying officers,
text: and a motorcycle and sidecar roar down the narrow street
text: below towards the buildings at the far end. German soldiers
text: follow behind on the trot, pulling a field gun.
text: Unseen marksmen fire down on the Germans from the buildings.
text: As the German soldiers dismount from their vehicles one of
text: them is hit and falls. The others rush for cover.
scene_heading: EXT. INSIDE THE GHETTO - MINUTES LATER - EARLY MORNING
text: The German Commander and two officers alight from the car
dialog: and take cover.
text: The Commander orders the field gun to be trained on the
text: buildings. Spasmodic firing continues.
text: He gives the order to fire.
text: The gun roars. The shell tears into the building. At once
text: the German soldiers open fire with their rifles and lob
text: grenades into the building. The gun fires again.
text: The building begins to burn. Flames and smoke.
text: German soldiers with flame-throwers advance carefully then
text: unleash their fire into doorways and windows, and quickly
dialog: retreat.
text: At ground level, Jewish fighters try to fight their way
text: out and are mowed down.
text: The fire spreads quickly through the building. Smoke begins
text: to pour from the upper floors.
text: The Germans, less cautious now, stand and watch.
text: A woman struggles out on to her narrow third-floor balcony.
text: She climbs over, holds on to the wrought-iron railings and
text: hangs on for dear life. Shots ring out and she drops like
text: a stone.
text: From inside the building, screams and shouts.
text: From another upper window, a man in flames jumps and falls
text: to his death on the pavement below.
text: The Germans have stopped firing. They stand, spectators,
text: watching the building burn.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. 1ST APARTMENT - LATER - DAY
text: Szpilman at the window, watching, his mood downcast.
text: The noise of a key in the door.
text: He turns to see the door of the flat open. Janina enters
text: with a parcel of food. She kisses Szpilman on the cheek.
speaker_heading: JANINA
dialog: wanted to come earlier but...
text: She hands him the parcel.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: Thank you.
text: He goes into the small kitchen and unpacks the contents
text: while Janina gazes out of the window.
speaker_heading: JANINA
dialog: No one thought they'd hold out so
dialog: long.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: should never have come out. I
dialog: should've stayed there, fought
dialog: with them.
speaker_heading: JANINA
dialog: (turning to him)
dialog: Wladek, stop that. It's over now.
dialog: Just be proud it happened. My God,
dialog: did they put up a fight.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: Yes, so did the Germans.
speaker_heading: JANINA
dialog: They're in shock. They didn't expect
dialog: it. Nobody expected it. Jews
dialog: fighting back? Who'd have thought?
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: Yes, but what good did it do?
speaker_heading: JANINA
dialog: (passionate)
dialog: What good? Wladek, I'm surprised
dialog: at you. They died with dignity,
dialog: that's what good it did. And you
dialog: know something else? Now the Poles
dialog: will rise. We're ready. We'll fight,
dialog: too. You'll see.
text: she turns to look again out of the window.
scene_heading: EXT. INSIDE THE GHETTO - EVENING
text: The building burning. Corpses lie scattered on the pavement.
text: The Germans stand about chatting and laughing.
text: A handful of Jewish fighters are lined up and shot.
text: Satisfied, the Commander returns to his car. Another officer
text: confers with him before the engine starts up and he is
text: driven away. The building burns.
scene_heading: EXT. 1ST APARTMENT, SZPILMAN'S POV - DAY
text: Blazing sun. The ghetto buildings now burned-out shells,
text: the street empty.
scene_heading: EXT. 1ST APARTMENT - SZPILMAN'S POV - DAY
text: Autumn leaves falling and gusting in the wind. Szpilman
text: gazes out.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. 1ST APARTMENT - DAY
text: Snow. Ice on the windows.
text: The sound of the key in the door.
text: Szpilman turns as the door opens and Gebczynski enters,
text: distraught. Whispered, at speed:
speaker_heading: GEBCZYNSKI
dialog: Get your things together, you have
dialog: to leave!
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: What's happened?
text: Gebczynski takes out a cigarette and lights it. While he
dialog: does so:
speaker_heading: GEBCZYNSKI
dialog: I'm on the run!
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: What's happened?
speaker_heading: GEBCZYNSKI
dialog: The Gestapo found our weapons.
dialog: They've arrested Janina and Andrzej.
dialog: They're bound to find out about
dialog: this place, too - you must get
text: away at once.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: Where do you want me to go? Look
dialog: at me. No, no, I'm not leaving.
dialog: Can't I take my chances here?
speaker_heading: GEBCZYNSKI
dialog: That's your decision.
dialog: (Stubs out cigarette.)
text: But when they storm the flat, throw
dialog: yourself out of die window - don't
dialog: let them get you alive. I have
dialog: poison on me, they won't get me
dialog: alive either!
text: And he goes. Szpilman listens to his footsteps clattering
text: down the stairs.
text: He sees the cigarette stub, takes it, lights it, coughs,
text: smokes awkwardly.
dialog: Later:
text: Szpilman hears a car engine and the screech of brakes. He
text: tenses. German voices shouting and their heavy footsteps
text: on the stairs.
text: He goes to the window, opens it. He gets a chair, places
text: it sideways in front of the window to make a step. He's
dialog: working out how best to throw himself out.
text: He leans against the wall near the door and waits..
text: Slamming of doors, German shouts, a scream.
text: Szpilman steels himself, ready to jump.
text: Again footsteps on the stairs, but this time descending. A
text: door slams.
text: He cautiously goes to the window and looks out.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. 1ST APARTMENT - DAY
scene_heading: SZPILMAN'S POV - THE STREET.
text: In the street below, he sees SS men escorting two prisoners
text: and shoving into a car. The car speeds off. The street is
text: empty.
scene_heading: INT. 1ST APARTMENT - DUSK
text: Snow. Howling wind.
text: Szpilman lies on the divan. He is cold, unshaven, hair
text: filthy and long. He manages to rise.
text: THE SMALL KITCHEN.
text: A mess. Szpilman goes into the kitchen. From a bread tin
text: he takes a small, flat greaseproof paper parcel and unwraps
text: it. A slice of bread, stale and mouldy. He tries to bite
text: it but can't. He finds a knife and tries to chop a piece
text: off the bread but knocks the bread tin, which falls to the
text: floor with a clatter.
text: He continues to try to cut the bread, when there's a loud
text: hammering on the front door.
text: Szpilman stiffens.
scene_heading: THE LIVING ROOM.
text: The hammering continues as Szpilman stumbles into the room,
text: looks around, confused, not knowing what to do.
text: From the other side of the door female voices, words
text: indistinct, and then:
speaker_heading: KITTY'S VOICE
dialog: Open this door at once, or we'll
dialog: call the police!
text: He is galvanised into action, puts on a crumpled jacket,
text: grabs his tattered coat and scarf, collects up a few of
text: his things, stuffs them into a paper bag.
text: The hammering stops. Szpilman cautiously approaches the
text: door, listens, then opens it quietly and slips out.
scene_heading: INT. 1ST APARTMENT, LANDING AND DOOR - DUSK
text: He slips out of the flat, goes to the stairs and stops
text: dead. KITTY, young and fierce, stands on the stairs,
text: blocking his way.
speaker_heading: KITTY
dialog: Are you from the flat in there?
dialog: You're not registered.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: It belongs to a friend of mine. I
dialog: came to visit but I must have just
dialog: missed him.
speaker_heading: KITTY
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Have you got your identity card?
dialog: Let me see your identity card!
text: Szpilman hesitates; she shouts more loudly.
speaker_heading: KITTY
dialog: I want to see your identity card!
text: On various floors, doors open, tenants put their heads out
dialog: to see what's going on.
text: Summoning all his strength, Szpilman makes a dash for it,
text: pushing past Kitty.
speaker_heading: KITTY
dialog: (screeching)
dialog: He's a Jew! He's a Jew! Stop the
dialog: Jew! Don't let him out!
text: Szpilman clatters down the stairs, reaches the ground-floor
text: landing. Another woman tries to bar his way but he pushes
text: past her and out of the house.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - EVENING
text: Heavy snow. Szpilman stumbles into the street and runs. He
text: darts down a side street.
scene_heading: EXT. SIDE STREET - EVENING
text: Szpilman lurches into the narrow street. No one about. He
text: stops, almost collapses, but manages to keep hold of
text: himself. He puts on his coat and wraps the scarf round his
text: neck. He leans up against a wall.
text: He removes a shoe and takes out the scrap of paper
text: Gebczynski gave him. He reads it.
scene_heading: EXT. NARBUTT STREET - NIGHT
text: Szpilman drags himself along, trudging through snow and
text: slush. Passers-by give him a wide berth. He tries to walk
text: normally, with dignity, but he's weak and slips, and finds
dialog: the going hard.
text: He comes to a villa.
scene_heading: INT. VILLA, NARBUTT STREET - NIGHT
text: He goes to the front door, rings the bell and waits.
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE
dialog: (from behind the
dialog: door)
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: Mr Gebczynski sent me.
text: The door opens and Dorota stands there. She is pregnant.
text: They stand for a moment staring at each other.
speaker_heading: DOROTA
dialog: (a whisper)
dialog: Wladyslaw Szpilman.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: Dorota.
speaker_heading: DOROTA
dialog: Come in! come in!
scene_heading: INT. DOROTA'S VILLA - NIGHT
text: Szpilman follows Dorota into the living room.
speaker_heading: DOROTA
dialog: Sit.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: I'm sorry - I was given this
dialog: address. I'm looking for a Mr--
dialog: (He checks the scrap
dialog: of paper.')
dialog: -- a Mr Dzikiewicz.
speaker_heading: DOROTA
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: Michal Dzikiewicz. He's my husband.
text: Szpilman sits down slowly.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: I need help.
speaker_heading: DOROTA
dialog: He'll be back before curfew.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: I've been in hiding. I need
dialog: somewhere to stay.
speaker_heading: DOROTA
dialog: He'll be here soon.
text: Awkward silence. He gazes at her. She looks away.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: How long have you been married?
speaker_heading: DOROTA
dialog: Just over a year.
text: He nods. Brief silence.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: And how's Yurek?
speaker_heading: DOROTA
dialog: Dead.
text: Again, the awkward silence.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: When's your baby due?
speaker_heading: DOROTA
dialog: Christmas.
dialog: (A pause.)
dialog: This is not a good time to have
dialog: children. But then...
text: The door opens and Michal Dzikiewicz enters. He sees
text: Szpilman and stops. Szpilman stands.
speaker_heading: DOROTA
dialog: This is my husband. Wladyslaw
dialog: Szpilman. Marek Gebczynski sent
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: MICHAL
dialog: Oh, yes. I remember.
text: He shakes hands with Szpilman.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: Mr Gebczynski said to contact you
dialog: only in an emergency, but...
speaker_heading: MICHAL
dialog: Don't worry now. We can't move you
dialog: tonight.
text: Szpilman, dizzy, leans on the table for support.
speaker_heading: MICHAL
dialog: You'll sleep on the sofa.
text: He and Dorota look at him.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: Excuse me, could I have a piece of
dialog: bread?
speaker_heading: MICHAL
dialog: Yes, of course, we'll eat.
scene_heading: INT. DOROTA'S VILLA - MORNING
text: Szpilman asleep on the sofa. The sound of a cello. He opens
text: his eyes. Listens.
text: He swings his legs off the sofa, stands, and crosses to a
text: door. Quietly, he opens it a little.
text: Szpilman and his POV - another room.
text: Dorota, partially turned away from him, plays Bach on the
dialog: cello.
text: Szpilman watches her and listens.
scene_heading: INT. 2ND APARTMENT (4TH FLOOR), LANDING AND DOOR - NIGHT
text: A padlock being unlocked. Then, a key is inserted into the
text: Yale lock, turned, and the door opens.
text: Michal and Szpilman on the landing, enter the flat.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. 2ND APARTMENT AND STREET - NIGHT
text: A large room, sparsely furnished but with an upright piano
text: and a bed.
text: Michal carries a bag of provisions and puts them on a table
text: while Szpilman goes immediately to the window and looks
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN'S POV:
text: There are views of the city, but in the street below,
text: opposite, is a hospital and, on the corner, a building
text: flying a Nazi flag and guarded by a sentry, standing at
text: his sentry-box.
text: Michal comes up behind Szpilman.
speaker_heading: MICHAL
dialog: (in whisper)
dialog: You're in a very German area. The
text: building opposite is a hospital,
dialog: taking in wounded from the Russian
text: front. Next door is the
dialog: Schutzpolizei. It's the safest
dialog: place to be. Right in the centre
text: of the lion's den.
scene_heading: THE APARTMENT:
text: Michal makes for the door.
speaker_heading: MICHAL
dialog: I'll be locking you in. No one
dialog: knows you're here. So keep as quiet
dialog: as possible.
text: He nods and goes. The sound of the padlock closing. Szpilman
text: takes in the room. He sees the piano, is still for a moment,
text: then goes to it.
text: He sits on the piano stool and adjusts its height. He opens
text: the lid. A cloth covers the keys. He removes the cloth. He
text: gazes lovingly at the keyboard. He flexes his fingers.
text: Then, without touching the keys, his fingers floating just
text: above them, he plays. Silently. Passionately.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY SKYLINE. POINT OF VIEW THROUGH WINDOW - DAY
text: Snow falling.
scene_heading: INT. 2ND APARTMENT - DAY
text: Szpilman alert, hearing the padlock being unlocked and
text: then iheYdle. The door opens and Michal enters, accompanied
text: by a man, aged about thirty, Szalas, confident, a little
dialog: brash.
dialog: In whispers:
speaker_heading: MICHAL
dialog: All well?
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: MICHAL
dialog: This is Antek Szalas.
text: Szalas and Szpilman shake hands.
speaker_heading: MICHAL
dialog: He's going to look after you. I've
dialog: given him a second key. He'll bring
dialog: you food. See that you're all right.
dialog: He's with the underground, a good
dialog: man.
text: Szalas produces a quarter bottle of vodka, thumps the back
text: of the bottle so that the cork flies out. He finds glasses
text: and pours. While he does all this:
speaker_heading: SZALAS
dialog: You don't remember me, Mr. Szpilman?
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: No, I don't think so?
speaker_heading: SZALAS
dialog: Warsaw Radio. I was a technician.
dialog: I saw you almost every day.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: Sorry, I don't remember.
speaker_heading: SZALAS
dialog: Doesn't matter. You've nothing to
dialog: worry about. I'll visit often.
speaker_heading: MICHAL
dialog: And you'll be pleased to hear the
dialog: Allies are bombing Germany night
dialog: after night - Cologne, Hamburg,
dialog: Berlin.
speaker_heading: SZALAS
dialog: And the Russians are really giving
dialog: them hell. It's the beginning of
dialog: the end.
text: He gives the others their vodka.
speaker_heading: MICHAL
dialog: Let's hope so. I don't know when
dialog: I'll see you again?
text: They clink glasses and drink.
scene_heading: EXT. 2ND APARTMENT - DAY
text: Summer. Trees in leaf.
text: Comings and goings at the Schutzpolizei building. And an
text: ambulance draws up at the hospital, disgorging a couple of
text: stretcher cases, who are carried inside.
scene_heading: INT. 2ND APARTMENT - DAY
text: very weak and his skin yellowish, drops four beans into
text: boiling water.
text: The Sound of the padlock being opened.
text: Szpilman hurries to see the door open and Szalas enter
text: with a small and grinning cheerfully.
dialog: In whispers:
speaker_heading: SZALAS
dialog: Still alive then, are you? Here.
dialog: Sausage. Bread.
dialog: He hands over the package. You still got that vodka?
text: Szpilman stares at the package.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: How long is this meant to last?
text: Szalas shrugs, finds the vodka, pours two glasses
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: think I've got jaundice.
text: He unwraps the package to reveal sausage and bread. He
text: takes a bite of sausage, chewing deliberately, slowly.
speaker_heading: SZALAS
dialog: You don't want to worry about that.
dialog: My grandfather was jilted by his
dialog: girl friend when he got jaundice.
dialog: (chuckles.)
dialog: In my opinion, jaundice is not
dialog: very serious. Drink up.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: Why didn't you come sooner? It's
dialog: been over two weeks.
text: Szalas goes to the window, looks out.
speaker_heading: SZALAS
dialog: Problems. Money. I've got to raise
dialog: money to buy the food. I need things
dialog: to sell, it' s not easy.
text: Szpilman thinks for a moment, then takes off his wristwatch,
text: hands it to Szalas.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: Sell this. Food's more important
dialog: than time.
text: Szalas pockets the watch, makes for the door, stops.
speaker_heading: SZALAS
dialog: Oh, yes. I meant to tell you. The
dialog: Allies have landed in France. The
dialog: Russians'll be here soon. They'll
dialog: beat the shit out of the Germans.
dialog: Any day now.
text: He grins, downs Szpilman's vodka, gives a mock salute and
text: goes. Hie padlock is locked on the other side. Szpilman
dialog: enjoys his sausage.
scene_heading: INT. 2ND APARTMENT - DAY
text: Sunshine floods in through the windows.
text: Szpilman lies inert on the bed, weak, starving, ill.
text: The sound of the padlock. He doesn't stir.
text: Dorota, no longer pregnant, and Michal enter, come to the
dialog: bed.
dialog: In whispers:
speaker_heading: DOROTA
dialog: Wladek? Wladek!
dialog: (to Michal)
dialog: I knew it, I knew this would happen!
text: Szpilman barely has strength to open his eyes and focus on
text: them. He mutters incoherently.
speaker_heading: DOROTA
dialog: I'm going to get a doctor.
speaker_heading: MICHAL
dialog: You can't, it's too dangerous.
speaker_heading: DOROTA
dialog: I'll get Dr Luczak, we can trust
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: MICHAL
dialog: Dorota, don't be ridiculous, he's
dialog: a pediatrician.
speaker_heading: DOROTA
dialog: He's still a doctor.
text: She starts for the door.
speaker_heading: MICHAL
dialog: No, you stay, I'll go.
text: He leaves. The padlock sound.
text: Dorota goes to the kitchen, wets a towel, comes back to
text: the bed, kneels it, places the towel on Szpilman's brow.
text: He focuses on her, smiles.
speaker_heading: DOROTA
dialog: We came to say goodbye. We're going
dialog: to stay with my mother in Otwock.The
dialog: baby's already there. It's safer.
dialog: There's talk that the uprising
dialog: will begin any day now.
text: Szpilman suddenly winces with pain.
speaker_heading: DOROTA
dialog: That man Szalas should be shot.
dialog: He's been collecting money on your
dialog: behalf all over Warsaw. Apparently,
dialog: people gave generously. So he
dialog: collected a tidy sum. He told us
dialog: he was visiting you daily.
text: She looks at him; barely audible.
speaker_heading: DOROTA
dialog: Oh God!
dialog: Later:
text: Szpilman looks up at Dr Luczak, who has a stethoscope in
text: his ears. Dorota and Michal stand behind him.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Acute inflammation of the gall
text: bladder. Liver the size of a
dialog: football. But he'll live. I'll try
dialog: to get hold of some levulose, but
dialog: it's not easy.
speaker_heading: DOROTA
dialog: Can you visit him again?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Who knows?
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: Doctor, thank you.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Don't speak. Rest.
text: The Doctor and Michal leave his line of vision.
text: Dorota moves in beside him.
speaker_heading: DOROTA
dialog: Michal brought food. I'll prepare
dialog: something now for you, then we
dialog: must go.
text: Szpilman tries again to say something, but he can't, just
text: lies there, distressed.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. APARTMENT - SZPILMAN'S POV - DAY
text: Szpilman looking down from the fourth-floor window.
text: Peaceful. A few pedestrians. An everyday atmosphere.
text: At the far end, at the T-junction with a main road, a tram
text: rumbles down the street and comes to a halt, disgorging
text: passengers on the far side and so out of sight.
text: The tram continues on its way, now revealing the few
text: passengers who alighted '97 women, an old man with a stick.
text: Last, three young Poles, carrying long objects wrapped in
dialog: newspaper.
text: One of the men looks at his watch, glances around, then
text: suddenly kneels and puts the package he's carrying to his
text: shoulder. The sound of rapid firing, which makes the
text: newspaper at the end of the packet glow to reveal the barrel
text: of a machine gun.
text: His two companions have also put their packages to their
text: shoulders and begin shooting, all aiming their fire at the
dialog: Schutzpolizei building.
text: The sentry is hit and falls in front of his box.
text: As if these young men have given a signal, now from all
text: over the city comes the sound of gunfire.
text: The pedestrians have scattered except for the old man,
text: gasping for breath, hobbling on his walking stick, who
text: eventually manages to disappear inside a building.
text: Rifle and machine-gun fire from the Schutzpolizei building.
text: The firing intense. The three young Poles manoeuvre to the
text: corner opposite the Schutzpolizei and toss grenades into
dialog: the building.
scene_heading: EXT. DOWN IN THE STREET - DAY
text: A battle raging.
text: The Germans firing from the hospital.
text: The three young Poles have been joined by other fighters
text: and they the Schutzpolizei building.
text: Grenades thrown, machine-gun fire exchanged.
text: The sentry box blows up, splinters of wood cascading. A
text: couple of Poles make a dash for it and enter a building
text: opposite to the Schutzpolizei.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. 2ND APARTMENT - SZPILMAN'S POV - DAY
text: Szpilman watching from his window, looks in the opposite
text: direction and sees smoke rising.
text: When he turns back to look towards the T-junction, he sees
text: a Panzerfaust anti-tank rocket firer poking out from a
text: window in the next-door building but on the floor below.
text: The Panzerfaust fires. The shell hits the hospital.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY SKYLINE - NIGHT
text: The city in flames.
text: Sound of firing becoming sporadic, less intense. Isolated
dialog: explosions.
scene_heading: INT. 2ND APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Szpilman, lying on the bed, staring at the ceiling.
scene_heading: EXT. 2ND APARTMENT - SZPILMAN'S POV - DAY
text: The interior of the Schutzpolizei building burnt to cinders.
text: An ambulance is being loaded with patients from the
dialog: hospital.
text: A horse-drawn cab rounds a corner and clatters down the
dialog: street.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. 2ND APARTMENT - SZPILMAN'S POV - DAY
text: Szpilman at the window, watching.
text: The horse-drawn cab clatters out of his sight. He is about
text: to draw back when he sees, directly beneath him, a man and
text: woman walking with their hands in the air. Then, a German
text: soldier, pointing his rifle at their backs, appears.
text: Suddenly, the man and woman begin to run.
text: The man turns and disappears. The woman also turns, but
text: the German soldier drops to one knee and fires.
text: The woman clutches her stomach, drops slowly to her knees
text: and collapses on the street in an awkward kneeling position,
dialog: and that's how she remains.
text: Szpilman watches, aghast. Then, he hears voices outside
text: his door, shouts, footsteps, panic.
scene_heading: THE APARTMENT:
text: He runs to his front door and listens.
speaker_heading: VOICES
dialog: (confused)
dialog: Where? Where? Just get out!
dialog: Everywhere! Get out into the street!
text: More clatter of footsteps. Then:
speaker_heading: A MAN'S VOICE
dialog: Get out now! The Germans have
dialog: surrounded the building! They're
dialog: going to blow us to pieces.
text: Footsteps descending stairs, more shouts, and:
speaker_heading: THE MAN'S VOICE
dialog: (further off)
dialog: Everyone out, please! Leave your
dialog: flats at once, please!
text: Szpilman runs to the door, tries it but it's padlocked and
text: he can't open the door.
text: In panic, he runs back to the window.
text: His eyes grow wide with terror.
scene_heading: SZPILMAN'S POV: AGAIN THE STREET.
text: A German tank bringing its gun to bear on the building
text: next to his.
text: The gun jerks back and there's a great roaring noise.
text: The whole building shakes. Szpilman reek back, falls, gets
text: to his feet and crawls back to the window.
text: He sees the tank turret swivelling slowly, bringing the
text: gun to bear directly on a lower floor of his building. The
text: roaring noise again.
text: A terrific explosion. His windows are shattered. Glass
text: everywhere. He is thrown back across the room. Smoke begins
text: to billow and fill the room.
scene_heading: INT. 2ND APARTMENT AND ADJOINING APARTMENT - DAY
text: Smoke filling the room. Szpilman gets to his knees, peers
text: through the smoke and sees that the wall separating his
text: apartment from the one next door has been partially
text: destroyed, with a large hole blasted in it. He stumbles
text: into the next-door apartment and out of the front door.
scene_heading: INT. 4TH AND 5TH FLOOR LANDINGS - DAY
text: Smoke everywhere. Szpilman staggers up to the fifth-floor
text: landing. There's a metal attic door.
text: Szpilman pushes open the door and steps into the attic.
scene_heading: INT. ATTIC - DAY
text: The roof space with laundry drying on lines. Szpilman enters
text: the attic, closes the door, leans on it.
speaker_heading: GERMAN VOICE
dialog: Fourth floor, Fischke!
text: He looks round, sees that the roof has been shattered,
text: leaving a large, jagged gap. He climbs through the gap, on
text: to the roof at the back of the building.
scene_heading: INT. 4TH FLOOR LANDING - DAY
text: The attic door being kicked in by a German boot.
text: A German soldier, wearing his gas mask, bayonet fixed,
text: enters the attic, looks round, sees nothing, then:
speaker_heading: GERMAN VOICE
dialog: At the double, Fischke!
text: The soldier turns and hurries out.
scene_heading: INT. ROOF, BACK OF BUILDING - DAY
text: On the sloping roof, Szpilman clutches the skylight and
text: has his feet in the roof gutter.
text: He listens - all quiet in the house.
text: And then a bullet ricochets off the tiles beside him.
text: Szpilman, terrified, drops, involuntarily catching a lower
text: edge so that his feet dangle above a balcony below. More
text: shots. He drops on to the balcony and looks back.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOFTOP, TWO STREETS AWAY - DAY
text: Two German soldiers are firing at Szpilman.
scene_heading: INT. ROOF, BACK OF BUILDING - DAY
text: Szpilman clambers back into the building through the smashed
text: balcony door. A couple of shots dangerously close.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRCASE - DAY
text: Smoke. Szpilman staggers down the stairs, stumbles over a
text: corpse and almost falls headlong.
scene_heading: EXT. GARDEN AND BACKYARD - LATE AFTERNOON
text: The sun is setting.
text: Szpilman crawls into the backyard. He hears German voices
text: shouting commands. He hides behind three garbage bins by
dialog: the wall.
text: He waits. Listens. Silence
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - EVENING
text: Deserted. Buildings on fire but dying out. Corpses in the
text: street, including the woman who was shot, still in her
text: strange kneeling position.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT DOOR AND STREET - NIGHT
text: Szpilman watches from the doorway. Then, dropping down, he
text: crawls across the road on his stomach, threading his way
text: through the dead bodies, now besieged by flies, and makes
text: for the hospital opposite.
text: German soldiers appear from around a corner. Szpilman
text: immediately lies still, pretending to be just another
text: corpse. Flies alight on him. When the Germans pass, he
text: sets off again.
scene_heading: INT. RUINED HOSPITAL, OPERATING THEATRE - NIGHT
text: Dark. Szpilman crawls into a corner, rests. He's exhausted.
text: He tries to take stock of his surroundings. He can make
text: out the operating table. He manages to drag himself on to
dialog: it.
text: He lies there, his eyes grow heavy. He sleeps.
scene_heading: EXT. RUINED HOSPITAL - DAY
text: German soldiers dragging the corpses into a pile.
text: A sergeant douses the bodies in petrol, then sets them
text: alight.
text: The bodies burn.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. RUINED HOSPITAL - SZPILMAN'S POV - DAY
text: From a shattered window on the first floor, he looks at
text: the burning bodies.
text: Two German soldiers wander into his eyeline. He draws back
text: a little but watches them warily.
text: They sit just beneath him, chatting, and take out their
text: food-tins, drink coffee and eat bread.
scene_heading: INT. PASSAGE AND WARDS, RUINED HOSPITAL - DAY
text: Szpilman wanders down the passage, sees into the wards,
text: the empty beds, the broken furniture and medical equipment.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN, RUINED HOSPITAL - DAY
text: Szpilman opens cupboards, drawers, searching, but trying
dialog: to be as quiet as possible.
text: He sees the refrigerator, quickly gets to it, pulls open
text: the door. Empty.
text: He looks around and notices a red fire bucket with a spade
text: and a box of sand next to it. The bucket is full of water,
text: covered with an iridescent film and full of dead flies.
text: He drinks as much water as he can without swallowing the
text: flies and, while he's doing so, he spots a couple of sacks.
text: He opens the first: potatoes. The second contains barley.
text: He tries to eat the uncooked barley but can't.
dialog: Later:
text: A fire on the floor. Szpilman holds a saucepan over it and
text: is cooking the barley and some potatoes. He manages to
text: scoop out a spoonful, blows to cool it, then eats.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. RUINED HOSPITAL - SZPILMAN'S POV - DAY
text: Szpilman at a window sees autumn leaves thick on the ground.
text: And at the end of the street, a line of Poles, some with
text: their hands in the air, others with hands on heads, being
text: marched away by German soldiers.
scene_heading: INT. WARD. RUINED HOSPITAL - DAY.
text: Szpilman lies in bed under several layers of blankets. Ice
text: on the windows. He hears German voices shouting commands.
text: He sits up.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. RUINED HOSPITAL, SZPILMAN'S POV - DAY
text: Szpilman gets to a window and looks out.
text: German soldiers with flame-throwers are burning the
text: buildings opposite.
text: One soldier, with a bucket of white paint and a brush,
text: numbers the building.
text: Szpilman cranes to see them reach the end of the street,
text: then cross over and start on the buildings on his side,
text: working their way towards the hospital.
text: He pulls away and makes for the back of the hospital.
scene_heading: INT. BACK OF RUINED HOSPITAL - DAY
text: Szpilman goes to a window, jumps out. He twists his ankle.
text: He's in pain. He crawls across the back garden and climbs
text: over the wall.
scene_heading: EXT. RUINED STREETS - DAY
text: Devastation, not a human being in sight.
dialog: Nothing. Emptiness.
text: He is alone.
text: Szpilman hobbles away.
scene_heading: EXT. RUINED VILLA - EVENING
text: Cautiously, Szpilman limps towards the villa, a once grand
text: building, but now partly damaged by shell fire.
text: He makes his way in.
scene_heading: INT. HALL, RUINED VILLA - EVENING
text: Szpilman enters the hall, still showing signs of its former
dialog: opulence. I Silent. Ominous.
text: He looks round anxiously, then sees the stairs leading
text: down to the basement. He hurries towards them and descends.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN, RUINED VILLA - EVENING
text: Dark, shadowy.
text: Szpilman comes down a flight of wooden stairs that had
text: directly into the kitchen.
text: Immediately, he begins to search fractically, opening
text: cupboards, drawers. He finds a can with a label illustrating
text: pickled cucumbers. Desperately, he searches for something
dialog: to open it with.
text: He discovers a pair of scales with a variety of weights.
text: He seizes one of the weights when, very close, he hears
text: the sound of a car coming to a halt, then the car door
text: slam, a German voice giving commands.
text: He drops the weight but, holding the tin, he scampers up
dialog: the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. BACK STAIRS, RUINED VILLA - EVENING
text: Szpilman, clutching the unopened tin, makes his way up the
text: narrow, wooden staircase.
scene_heading: INT. TOP FLOOR, RUINED VILLA - EVENING
text: Szpilman, panting heavily, reaches the top floor. He sees
text: a small door, tries it. It opens.
scene_heading: INT. ATTIC AND LOFT, RUINED VILLA - EVENING
text: Szpilman enters, closing the small door behind him. He
text: leans back, resting, recovering.
text: And then he hears from down below a piano playing a
dialog: Beethoven piece.
text: After a few bars, the music stops. Szpilman listens
text: anxiously. Silence.
text: He looks around, finding himself in an attic space filled
text: with junk, a ladder, rotting material, travelling trunks.
text: Last light of day filtering through a dormer window.
text: There's a ladder leading up to a trapdoor. Szpilman climbs
dialog: the ladder.
text: He crawls into a small empty space. With enormous effort
text: he pulls up the ladder and closes the trapdoor.
text: Exhausted and trying to catch his breath, he gazes at the
text: unopened tin. He peers through the darkness but sees
dialog: nothing.
text: His eyes begin to droop.
scene_heading: EXT. WARSAW CITY SKYLINE - NIGHT
text: Artillery fire. Fires glow on the horizon.
scene_heading: INT. LOFT, RUINED VILLA - NIGHT
text: Szpilman wakes suddenly. He listens. Silence but for the
text: distant gunfire. He sees the unopened tin of pickles, stares
text: at it. He opens the trapdoor.
scene_heading: INT. BACK STAIRS, RUINED VILLA - NIGHT
text: Szpilman, a shadow, a spectre, creeps down the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN, RUINED VILLA - NIGHT
text: Szpilman has placed the tin and the weight on a shelf and
text: is engrossed in searching again. He finds a pair of chicken
text: scissors. Using the weight, he starts to hammer the point
text: of the scissors into the tin making a perforation round
dialog: the rim.
text: The tin slips off the shelf and rolls across the floor
text: coming to rest at a pair of highly polished jackboots.
text: Szpilman stifles a gasp.
text: On the stairs, in silhouette, gazing down at him, the figure
text: of a GERMAN CAPTAIN, the thumb of one hand caught in his
text: belt above his pistol.
scene_heading: THE GERMAN CAPTAIN
dialog: (stern)
dialog: Who the hell are you?
text: Szpilman just stares at him.
scene_heading: THE GERMAN CAPTAIN
dialog: Who are you?
dialog: No response.
scene_heading: THE GERMAN CAPTAIN
dialog: What the hell are you doing?
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: (barely audible, in
dialog: German)
dialog: I was... I was trying to open this
dialog: tin.
scene_heading: THE GERMAN CAPTAIN
dialog: Where do you live?
dialog: No response.
scene_heading: THE GERMAN CAPTAIN
dialog: What's your work?
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: I am... I was a pianist.
scene_heading: THE GERMAN CAPTAIN
text: A pianist.
text: He studies Szpilman for a moment, then with a nod orders
text: him to follow. Szpilman picks up the tin and follows.
scene_heading: INT. ROOMS, RUINED VILLA - NIGHT
text: Szpilman follows the German Captain through a double door,
text: hanging off its hinges, into a room with a broken table in
text: the centre, what once was the dining room. And then through
text: another set of doors. The German Captain's boots echo.
text: They come into a spacious room. Faint moonlight filters
text: through the large windows. Fallen masonry and broken glass.
text: A couple of chairs. And a grand piano in the corner.
text: The German Captain points at the piano.
scene_heading: THE GERMAN CAPTAIN
dialog: Play.
text: Szpilman hesitates, then limps to the piano, puts down the
text: tin, and opens the lid. He turns and drags one of the chairs
text: over and sits.
text: The German Captain stands and watches.
text: Szpilman glances surreptitiously at his hands, and then he
dialog: plays Chopin.
text: The German Captain listens, expressionless. The pale
text: moonlight shows him to be a handsome, elegant man.
text: Szpilman finishes playing.
dialog: Silence.
text: Somewhere, a cat mews. Distant burst of rifle fire.
text: The German Captain stares at Szpilman. After a moment:
scene_heading: THE GERMAN CAPTAIN
dialog: Are you hiding here?
text: Szpilman nods.
scene_heading: THE GERMAN CAPTAIN
dialog: Jew?
text: Long pause. Szpilman just stares at him.
scene_heading: THE GERMAN CAPTAIN
dialog: Where are you hiding?
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: (in German)
text: In the attic.
scene_heading: THE GERMAN CAPTAIN
dialog: Show me.
text: Szpilman hesitates, takes the tin and then shuffles past
text: the German Captain towards the door.
scene_heading: INT. ATTIC AND LOFT AREA, RUINED VILLA - NIGHT
text: Szpilman and the German Captain enter.
text: The German Captain takes out a flashlight, sees the ladder
text: in place, leading up to the loft.
text: Szpilman climbs the ladder, squeezes into the loft and
text: looks down at the German Captain, who shines his light on
dialog: him.
scene_heading: THE GERMAN CAPTAIN
dialog: Have you anything to eat?
text: Szpilman shows him the tin.
scene_heading: THE GERMAN CAPTAIN
dialog: I'll bring you something.
text: He goes quickly, leaving Szpilman in darkness. Szpilman,
text: overcome by relief, can barely catch his breath.
scene_heading: EXT. RUINED VILLA - NIGHT
text: The German Captain strides out of the villa, down the front
text: steps to a waiting car and a driver. He gets into the car.
text: The driver starts the engine and the car speeds off into
dialog: the night.
scene_heading: INT. LOFT - NIGHT
text: Szpilman hears the car's engine growing fainter. He starts
text: to tremble and then begins to cry. He weeps uncontrollably.
scene_heading: INT. HALL, ROOMS, RUINED VILLA - DAY
text: Much activity: officers coming and going, orderlies typing.
text: Officers king on field telephones. Desks, filing cabinets.
text: The German Captain, carrying a bulging shoulder bag, marches
text: into a room just off the hall and goes to his desk just as
text: an orderly drops papers in his in-tray. On the desk, there's
text: a framed photograph of him nth a woman and two children.
text: German Captain glances at the papers, takes a pen, initials
text: one or two and then goes.
scene_heading: THE GRAND STAIRCASE:
text: The German Captain marches up the stairs purposefully, as
dialog: if he's on urgent business.
scene_heading: INT. LOFT AND ATTIC - DAY
text: The German Captain enters. He puts two fingers in his mouth
text: and whistles.
scene_heading: THE GERMAN CAPTAIN
dialog: Open up.
text: After a moment, the trapdoor shifts and Szpilman looks
dialog: down.
text: The German Captain takes a package from his shoulder bag
text: and throws it up into the loft. He turns to go.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: Please.
text: The German Captain stops.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: What's all that gunfire?
scene_heading: THE GERMAN CAPTAIN
text: The Russians. On the other side of
dialog: the river.
dialog: (Turns to leave,
dialog: stops; with a touch
dialog: of irony:)
dialog: All you have to do is hang on for
dialog: a few more weeks.
text: He goes quickly.
text: Szpilman opens the package, finds bread and marmalade.
text: Then he finds a tin-opener.
scene_heading: EXT. RUINED VILLA - DAY
text: Snow. The sound of distant gunfire.
text: The Germans are evacuating the villa. Men carry out boxes,
text: filing cabinets, desks, papers and load them into trucks.
text: They're careless, leaving a trail of debris. No sentries
dialog: now.
scene_heading: INT. ATTIC AND LOFT AREA, RUINED VILLA - DAY
text: Szpilman, listening and shivering with cold. He hears the
text: whistle. He opens the trapdoor to see the German Captain
text: in the attic, carrying a package.
scene_heading: THE GERMAN CAPTAIN
dialog: Come down.
text: Szpilman descends.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: What's happening?
scene_heading: THE GERMAN CAPTAIN
dialog: We're getting out.
text: Szpilman faces the German Captain.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: (in German)
dialog: Are the Russians here?
scene_heading: THE GERMAN CAPTAIN
dialog: Not yet.
text: He hands Szpilman the package. Szpilman opens it to find
text: inside several loaves of bread.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: I don't know how to thank you.
scene_heading: THE GERMAN CAPTAIN
dialog: Don't thank me. Thank God. It's
dialog: His will that we should survive.
dialog: Well. That's what we have to
dialog: believe.
text: Silence. Szpilman shivers with cold. The German Captain
text: takes off his coat and gives it to him.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: What about you?
scene_heading: THE GERMAN CAPTAIN
dialog: I've got another one. Warmer.
dialog: (brief pause)
dialog: What will you do when it's all
dialog: over?
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: I'll play the piano again. On Polish
dialog: radio.
scene_heading: THE GERMAN CAPTAIN
dialog: Tell me your name. I'll listen out
dialog: for you.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: Szpilman.
scene_heading: THE GERMAN CAPTAIN
dialog: Szpilman.
dialog: (a crooked smile)
dialog: Good name for a pianist.
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS NEAR RUINED VILLA - DAY
text: Freezing weather.
text: Empty streets.
text: Then the sound of recorded music, as a car, with a
text: loudspeaker and a Polish national flag, comes into view,
text: the Polish national anthem blaring out from the speaker.
scene_heading: INT. LOFT - DAY
text: Szpilman, wearing the German Captain's coat and under the
text: eiderdown, hears the strange sound of the music, which he
dialog: recognises.
text: He's astonished, puzzled. He comes to a decision and starts
dialog: to leave.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. HALL AND STREET, RUINED VILLA - DAY
text: Cautiously, in his German military overcoat, Szpilman trots
text: down the staircase into the empty hall.
text: He goes to the front door, opens it a crack and cautiously
text: goes out.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: Szpilman looks around, hearing the car loudspeaker
text: indistinctly.
speaker_heading: LOUDSPEAKER VOICE
dialog: ...German army! Polish soil
dialog: liberated! Official!
text: His excitement grows and he walks out into the street.
text: He sees at one end soldiers serving soup from afield kitchen
text: to a group of people.
text: On the opposite side of the street, he sees a man and a
text: woman who have left the field kitchen. The man carries a
text: two-tiered canister.
text: Szpilman rushes towards them, grabs hold of the man and
text: tries to kiss him. The man, totally bewildered, tries to
text: fight him off. The woman is terrified.
speaker_heading: THE WOMAN
dialog: German! German!
text: She runs, yelling, towards the field kitchen. So does the
dialog: man.
text: Szpilman stands and stares, then sees one of the soldiers
text: cock his rifle and fire at him.
text: Szpilman runs, the firing continuing.
scene_heading: EXT. RUINS - DAY
text: Szpilman bolts into the doorway of a ruined building. He
text: peers out to see Polish soldiers beginning to surround the
text: ruined building, firing shots, lobbing in a grenade or
dialog: two.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Stop, for God's sake, I beg you,
dialog: I'm Polish!
text: More shots and another grenade explosion.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: Don't shoot! I'm Polish!
text: The Polish soldiers: Two of the officers stand near the
text: entrance, hearing Szpilman's shouts.
scene_heading: 1ST POLISH OFFICER
dialog: He's Polish!
scene_heading: 2ND POLISH OFFICER
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Come out with your hands up.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: (obeying)
dialog: Don't shoot! I'm Polish! Please,
dialog: please! I'm Polish!
scene_heading: 1ST POLISH OFFICER
dialog: Yes, he's Polish!
scene_heading: 2ND POLISH OFFICER
dialog: (as Szpilman
dialog: approaches')
dialog: Why the fucking coat?
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: I'm cold.
text: The Polish officers confer briefly in whispers. Then:
scene_heading: 2ND POLISH OFFICER
dialog: Take him to headquarters.
text: And they march him off.
scene_heading: EXT. LONG COUNTRY LANE AND HOLDING CAMP - DAY
dialog: Spring. Idyllic.
text: A column of men and women stretching along the length of
text: the lane. A couple of horse-and-carts. One or two bicycles.
text: Some of the people wear concentration camp garb, others in
text: tattered clothing.
text: Four men walk together and when they come to a narrow
dialog: junction, stop, seeing something
text: Behind barbed wire, German prisoners of war, guarded by
text: Russian soldiers. Desolate place. No shelters, no tents.
text: The POWs sit or lie on the ground, silent, broken,
text: shattered.
text: The four men gaze at them. :
speaker_heading: 1ST MAN
dialog: Look at them - bastards!
speaker_heading: 2ND MAN
dialog: German fuckers!
speaker_heading: 3RD MAN
dialog: I prayed for this, never thought
dialog: I'd see it.
text: The fourth man, ZYGMUNT LEDNICKI, approaches the barbed
dialog: wire.
speaker_heading: LEDNICKI
dialog: Murderers! Assassins! Look at you
dialog: now! You took everything I had!
dialog: Me, a musician!
dialog: (wagging his finger
dialog: fiercely)
dialog: You took my violin! You took my
dialog: soul!
text: He stands glowering at them, then sees a POW rise from a
text: group, wretched, shabby, unshaven. It's the German Captain,
text: uniform tattered, a wreck. He comes to the barbed wire.
scene_heading: THE GERMAN CAPTAIN
dialog: (urgent) (in German)
dialog: Do you happen to know another
dialog: musician, a Mr Szpilman? A pianist!
dialog: Polish radio?
speaker_heading: LEDNICKI
dialog: Yes, of course, I know Szpilman.
scene_heading: THE GERMAN CAPTAIN
dialog: (desperate)
dialog: I helped Mr Szpilman when he was
dialog: in hiding. Tell him I'm here. Ask
dialog: him to help me...
text: A RUSSIAN GUARD, inside the compound, approaches, grabs
text: hold of the German Captain.
speaker_heading: RUSSIAN GUARD
dialog: (to Lednicki, in
dialog: Russian)
dialog: Hey! No talking to the prisoners.
dialog: Get away from there!
text: He drags the German Captain away from the wire.
speaker_heading: LEDNICKI
text: (as he backs away,
dialog: calling)
dialog: What's your name?
text: The German Captain is being bundled away by the guard, who
text: aims a kick at him. The German Captain shouts out his name
text: but it's unintelligible.
speaker_heading: LEDNICKI
dialog: What?
text: The German Captain and the guard have disappeared. Lednicki
text: stands for a moment, then turns and goes.
scene_heading: INT. STUDIO, WARSAW RADIO STATION - DAY
text: Szpilman playing the piano. He looks something like his
text: former self, fairly well dressed and groomed.
text: He glances towards the glass booth and sees Lednicki with
text: the technicians. He smiles. Lednicki nods, smiles back.
scene_heading: EXT. SITE OF POW CAMP - DAY
text: Szpilman and Lednicki looking around an empty field.
speaker_heading: LEDNICKI
dialog: It was here, I'm certain of it.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: It's not here now.
speaker_heading: LEDNICKI
dialog: I shouted abuse at them, I'm not
dialog: proud of it, but that's what I
dialog: did, and, I'm certain, I stood
dialog: where you are now. There was barbed
dialog: wire, and this German came up to
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: SZPILMAN
dialog: You didn't catch his name.
speaker_heading: LEDNICKI
dialog: No. I'll ask at the factory. They
dialog: may know something.
dialog: Lednicki goes.
text: Szpilman stands, looking around the empty field. He is
text: filled with sadness. He sits. He closes his eyes and put
text: his face to the sun.
scene_heading: SUPERIMPOSE CAPTION:
text: IT WAS LATER DISCOVERED THAT
scene_heading: THE NAME OF THE GERMAN OFFICER
text: WAS CAPTAIN WILM HOSENFELD.
text: ALL THAT IS KNOWN IS THAT HE DIED IN
scene_heading: A SOVIET PRISONER-OF-WAR CAMP IN 1952.
scene_heading: WLADYSLAW SZPILMAN CONTINUED TO LIVE
text: IN WARSAW UNTIL HIS DEATH ON 6 JULY 2OOO.
text: HE WAS EIGHTY-EIGHT YEARS OLD.
scene_heading: INT. CONCERT HALL - NIGHT
text: Szpilman plays Chopin's Piano Concerto No 1 with full
text: orchestra and conductor. He plays superbly. The music is
dialog: glorious.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
