speaker_heading: THE FLINTSTONES
scene_heading: Written by STEVEN E. DE SOUZA
dialog: Based on characters created by
scene_heading: JOE BARBERA &amp; WILLIAM HANNA
dialog: Early Draft - September 1987
speaker_heading: FOR EDUCATIONAL
scene_heading: PURPOSES ONLY
speaker_heading: THE FLINTSTONES
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: 1 EXT. SLATE QUARRY - DAY 1
text: FRED FLINTSTONE, archetypical Everyman, sits atop his
text: faithful heavy-equipment dinosaur, cranking the winch
text: that makes the mighty beast rip and tear into the quarry
dialog: wall.
scene_heading: 2 THE QUARRY FOREMAN 2
text: looks down at his wristwatch. Well... actually, it's a
dialog: wrist sundial. And it's magic time... quittin' time...
dialog: Millerock time!
text: Now the foreman turns from his watch to a steam whistle
text: bird, and yanks its tail. The BIRD SQUAWKS the end of
dialog: the workday --
speaker_heading: 3 ANOTHER ANGLE 3
speaker_heading: FRED
scene_heading: YABBA DABBA DO -- !
text: Fred happily discards his hard hat, leaps out of the
text: canvas-roofed cab on the dino's back, slides down the
text: tail and bounces right into the seat of his stone and
text: timber car! He gets up to a running start with the only
text: motor (his feet), slows to allow a "time clock" dinosaur
text: to punch his stone timecard, and then he's trotting back
text: up to speed and out of the gate! MUSIC comes UP and
speaker_heading: OVER --
speaker_heading: MUSIC (V.O.)
dialog: 'Flintstones,
dialog: Meet the Flintstones,
dialog: They're a modern
dialog: Stone age fam-i-ly --'
dialog: -- And so forth, as for the first time in "his-tor-y" we
text: see the Flintstones' OPENING CREDITS live!
scene_heading: 4 TIGHT ON A MAILBOX 4
text: reading "FLINTSTONE." We WIDEN as Fred SKIDS to a halt
text: in the driveway of his three-bedroom ranch cave. A
text: moment later, WILMA and PEBBLES run out -- both looking
text: just like they should -- and get into the car. A beat
text: behind them are the Flintstone pets, Dino and the
text: saber-toothed cat.
text: Fred pauses, looks around... HONKS his HORN... BARNEY,
text: BETTY and BAM-BAM come out of the neighboring house, hop
dialog: in!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 2.
speaker_heading: 4 CONTINUED: 4
text: Fred's feet slap on the street as the car starts
dialog: up --
speaker_heading: MUSIC (V.O.)
dialog: 'From the
dialog: Town of Bedrock
dialog: They're a page right
dialog: Out of his-tor-y -- '
scene_heading: 5 DRIVE-IN MOVIE THEATRE - DUSK 5
text: Fred and company pull in. He takes a giant sea shell
text: "speaker" off of its wooden stand and hooks it to his
text: car door. He leans over, puts his arm around Wilma.
text: (In the back seat, Dino pops his head up, tearing through
text: the canvas top.) Dino picks up Pebbles and Bam-Bam and
text: puts them on his head for a better view. CAMERA ZOOMS IN
text: ON the drive-in screen and the words that America has
dialog: waited twenty-five years to see in 70mm Dolby(TM) drop-
dialog: your-popcorn reality:
speaker_heading: THE FLINTSTONES
text: And as the MAIN CREDITS ROLL, we --
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 6 AN EERIE CARBONIFEROUS FOREST - DAWN 6
text: Dew drips from strange multi-leafed plants. Giant
text: DRAGONFLIES BUZZ AND HUM to and fro. Bubbles rise from
text: a still pond, and weird lungfish move onto the land.
text: (The third one out carries a little suitcase.)
text: CAMERA PANS PAST the lungfish TO a muddy shore. With a
text: DRAMATIC MUSICAL STING, we DISCOVER a set of strange,
text: hideous clawprints. The CAMERA FOLLOWS these, then
text: WIDENS to reveal the make of these footprints: A seven-
dialog: foot tall and fearful beast we will call the Xenosaurus.
text: It looks around menacingly. (Oddly, it's carrying a
dialog: canvas sack, but we don't stress this.)
text: Suddenly a garbage truck appears out of nowhere and runs
text: over the Xenosaurus.
speaker_heading: 7 NEW ANGLE 7
text: Dazed, the Xenosaurus gets up. As it does, we realize
dialog: that we aren't deep in some primeval forest, but on the
text: shoulder of a gravel highway. A stone road sign reads
scene_heading: BEDROCK 1/2 MILE. ROCK VEGAS, BABYLON &amp; EDEN NEXT THREE
text: EXITS. Now, the CAMERA CRANES UP ABOVE the sign and
dialog: we see -- Bedrock!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 3.
speaker_heading: 7 CONTINUED: 7
text: Nestled incongruously in a savage landscape, the charming
text: protosuburbia gleams in the dawn's early Spielberg light.
text: The Xenosaurus grabs its sack and some silverware spills
text: out. Then it runs off into the bushes and out of sight.
scene_heading: 8 WITH THAT GARBAGE TRUCK 8
text: It reaches the crest of a hill where there's a "WELCOME
text: TO BEDROCK" billboard which bears greetings from the
dialog: Rotary Club, the Chamber of Commerce, and (of course)
text: The Loyal Order of Water Buffaloes. The garbage truck
text: guys drop their feet down through the floorboard and
text: trot over the rise, coast down to the street below.
text: The driver yanks a wooden brake and the truck stops, and
text: the rear guys hop off. One of them waves to --
speaker_heading: 9 A MILKMAN 9
text: who returns the wave, then takes a four-pack of stone
text: bottles out of his milk truck, heads towards a doorway.
text: As the milkman drops off the milk, he passes a big
text: TORTOISE with trash cans on its back. The Tortoise
text: nods familiarly to the milkman, then it waddles down the
text: curb, CAMERA FOLLOWING. The garbage men take the cans
text: off the Tortoise's back, dump them into the truck.
scene_heading: 10 REAR OF TRUCK 10
text: -- revealing that the back of the truck is actually a
text: giant-jawed CREATURE strapped onto the chassis. The
text: garbage men dump the cans into its maw... it happily
text: swallows the works, licks its lips, BELCHES.
scene_heading: 11 BACK TO SCENE 11
text: The garbagemen slam the cans back on the Tortoise, who
text: winces as they drive off.
speaker_heading: TORTOISE
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: You can forget about a tip for
dialog: Christmas...
text: It waddles back up the lawn... passing by a wooden "lawn
text: timer" box which now pops open.
text: Inside the box is a "ROOSTERSAURUS" which CROWS and flaps
text: its wings. The motion of the wings knocks loose two
text: round stones which roll down two long troughs a la Rube
dialog: Goldberg...
dialog: 4.
scene_heading: 12 FOLLOWING THE ROUND STONES 12
text: They reach the ends of their respective paths, dislodging
text: a stick... that releases a coiled rope which in turn
text: spins a turntable which holds a little wooly mammoth. As
text: it begins to spin around, it squirts water out of its
dialog: snout.
text: Elsewhere on the lawn, other spinning MAMMOTHS repeat
text: this performance. After a moment, they gradually slow
text: their revolutions. The one closest to the house
text: scrunches its trunk with a GROAN.
speaker_heading: LITTLE MAMMOTH
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: Oh, my aching sinuses...
scene_heading: 13 INT. FLINTSTONES' BEDROOM - DAY 13
text: WIDEN FROM the windowsill, where a little sea shell
text: hearing aid trumpet AMPLIFIES another ROOSTERSAURUS
text: "COCK-A-DOODLE-DOO" into the ear of a "CLOCK RADIO
text: WOODPECKER." The Woodpecker yawns, gets out of bed,
text: puts a timecard in a little clock. Then it turns
text: and begins pecking on a BELL, which RINGS PIERCINGLY.
scene_heading: 14 INT. BEDROOM - NEW ANGLE 14
text: Two shapes are visible under the bedclothes: One is a
text: great SNORING bulge, the other is a svelte and lithe
text: shape. As the BELL continues RINGING, the larger bulge
text: GRUNTS, MOANS, pulls a pillow over its head, and then
text: finally gropes under the bed for a slipper. The slipper
dialog: is thrown without aiming --
scene_heading: 15 THE WOODPECKER 15
text: ducks just in time. It wipes its forehead nervously.
speaker_heading: RADIO WOODPECKER
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: I hate this job... There's not
dialog: even a health plan...
text: He staggers back up to his perch, and then notices for
text: the first time that the dial on the side is pointed not
text: to "ALARM" but to "ALARM &amp; RADIO." The WOODPECKER SIGHS,
text: looks over at the bed where SNORING is still emanating.
text: Then the bird swings a little telescope around to point
text: out the window.
scene_heading: 16 WOODPECKER'S TELESCOPE - IRIS SHOT 16
text: as the 'SCOPE PANS and FOCUSES, finally SETTLING ON a
text: distant stone building marked RADIO STATION B-ROK.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 5.
speaker_heading: 16 CONTINUED: 16
text: Perched on top of the wooden radio tower are a monkey
text: and an octopus. The monkey holds up cue cards which the
text: octopus reads, and then waves nautical semaphore flags.
scene_heading: 17 BACK TO SCENE 17
text: Our WOODPECKER squints, CLEARS his THROAT.
speaker_heading: RADIO WOODPECKER
dialog: (deeper "on-air" voice)
dialog: Good morning, Bedrock. This is
dialog: station B-R-O-K with the morning
dialog: weather and news...
speaker_heading: 18 IN THE BED 18
text: The big bulge GRUNTS and MUTTERS a bit, then one hand
text: gropes around, finds the curvaceous form under the
text: neighboring covers... feels it tentatively... then
text: the fingers "walk" upwards...
speaker_heading: RADIO WOODPECKER (O.S.)
dialog: It will be fair and mild through
dialog: the weekend, continuing for the
dialog: next eight hundred years, followed
text: by cooling breezes and a protracted
dialog: ice age...
text: Those walking fingers have reached the top edge of the
text: covers... now they pull them down revealing the owner's
text: face... the face of Fred, his eyes at half-mast, his
text: face covered in fashionable "Bedrock Vice" stubble.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: (with genuine charm)
dialog: Wil-ma. Wil-ma? How about a
dialog: great big good morning kiss for
dialog: your Freddy-weddy?
text: And he pulls the covers down to reveal -- DINO, who is
text: immediately "YI-YI-YI-YI-ING," hopping all over the bed
text: and showering Fred with sloppy kisses.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Dino! Dino, cut it out -- !
speaker_heading: RADIO WOODPECKER (O.S.)
dialog: In the news, Bedrock civic and
dialog: business leaders met yesterday to
text: discuss the growing kibble crisis.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 6.
speaker_heading: 18 CONTINUED: 18
speaker_heading: RADIO WOODPECKER (O.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Ecological activist Ralph Naderock
dialog: warned that if new supplies of
dialog: kibble are not found, our animal-
dialog: powered civilization itself may be
dialog: threatened.
text: By now Dino's affection attack has knocked both master
text: and pet to the floor in a jumble of bedclothes, asses
text: and elbows. Dino begins to roll Fred across the room
text: like a seal playing with a ball.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Dino, that's enough -- here, look,
dialog: Daddy has a nice dino bone for
dialog: you, just please stop it --
text: Fred has now backed up to a dresser, where he grabs a
text: brightly-colored box labeled "PURINROCK DINO TREATS."
text: Fred holds it up -- Dino gets up on two legs, eager for
text: the treat -- Fred shakes the box... alas, nothing comes
dialog: out.
text: DINO "YI-YI'S" again, propelling Fred into the next room.
scene_heading: 19 INT. FLINTSTONE KITCHEN - DAY 19
text: Five-year-old PEBBLES GIGGLES at the table as Fred and
text: Dino tumble into the room like Frank Buck and a lion.
text: Wilma turns at the noise. One look at her and we under-
dialog: stand Fred's romantic turn.
speaker_heading: RADIO WOODPECKER (O.S.)
dialog: In other news, Bedrock police
dialog: report that the Xenosaurus has
dialog: struck again! Yes, the fiercesome
dialog: intruder was sighted in the
dialog: Bedrock Hills for the third time
dialog: this month. Outlying shops and
dialog: residencies report extensive
dialog: looting and property destruction...
speaker_heading: WILMA
dialog: Fred, stop playing with Dino and
dialog: sit down. Your breakfast's
dialog: getting cold.
text: Saying this, Wilma puts a huge egg at Fred's place.
text: Meanwhile, Fred manages to get to his feet, holds out
text: one arm to keep Dino at bay. Fred does a big "take,"
text: looking out the window --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 7.
speaker_heading: 19 CONTINUED: 19
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: (throwing open the
dialog: door)
dialog: Oooh, Dino, look -- there's a
text: nice big dino bone laying out on
dialog: the front lawn -- !
text: Pause. Dino gives him a big look as if to say, "Oh,
dialog: yeah?"
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: (trying again)
dialog: -- Gosh, look at that adorable
dialog: little female dino --
text: "YI-YI-YI-YI," DINO is out the door like a rocket. Fred
text: cackles, slams it shut, then sits down at the table.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: -- That animal's gonna kill me
dialog: with kindness. Do you know we're
dialog: out of dino treats?
speaker_heading: WILMA
dialog: So is everybody else in Bedrock.
dialog: That kibble crisis is getting
dialog: worse every day.
text: She puts two giant slices of bread into a toaster. Two
text: claw-like devices hold the toast, pulling it out of
dialog: sight.
speaker_heading: WILMA
dialog: I'm afraid Dino's going to have to
dialog: manage on leftovers from Pebbles
dialog: and me.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: (sitting down)
dialog: And what's wrong with my leftovers?
speaker_heading: WILMA
dialog: I'll let you know when I see
dialog: some.
speaker_heading: RADIO WOODPECKER (O.S.)
dialog: (finishing up)
dialog: ... Scientists from B.C.
dialog: University report that the
text: footprints of the Xenosaurus match
dialog: no known animal.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 8.
scene_heading: 19 CONTINUED: (2) 19
speaker_heading: PEBBLES
dialog: Mommy, is the bad Ze-ze-zenosaurus
dialog: gonna get me and eat me up?
speaker_heading: WILMA
dialog: Of course not, baby.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: That's right, sweetheart. The
dialog: only thing that's gonna eat you
dialog: up is -- me!
text: And he grabs her and bites her and tickles her.
speaker_heading: PEBBLES
dialog: (giggling, calming)
dialog: I'm still a little scared...
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Pebbles, don't worry. These
dialog: stories are very exaggerated.
dialog: Like, you know, the boogyman?
dialog: There's no such thing as a huge,
text: inhuman reptile that attacks
dialog: without warning --
text: WHAM! Dino reappears, bounding through the window
text: and knocking Fred onto the floor. Once again Dino is
text: happily licking and loving and cuddling his callously
text: unresponsive owner. Fred struggles to avoid the
text: slurping tongue, pulls himself up to the window sill,
text: looks out.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: -- Oh, look, everybody, the mailman
dialog: is here --
text: "YI-YI-YI-YI!" DINO buys it again, runs to the door,
text: lets himself out. This time Fred puts a chair against
dialog: the door.
text: Meanwhile, Wilma turns at the sound of the TOASTER
text: POPPING UP. We see that the "claws" we saw earlier were
text: the actual claws of a LOBSTER in a little fireproof suit
text: who is tucked inside the toaster. As Wilma takes the
text: toast, the Lobster blows on his claws, wincing, then
text: looks TOWARDS the CAMERA.
speaker_heading: LOBSTER
dialog: Well, it beats working in a
dialog: seafood restaurant...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 9.
scene_heading: 19 CONTINUED: (3) 19
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: (taking the toast)
dialog: Thanks, Wilma...
text: Fred slaps jelly on the toast, takes a big bite, and then
text: something outside the window catches his eye.
scene_heading: 20 HIS POV - STREET 20
text: A paperboy on a wood-and-stone bicycle is coming rapidly
text: towards the house. In the bike's basket is a stack of
text: dried, rock-hard clay tablets.
scene_heading: 21 BACK TO SCENE 21
text: Fred leans out the window, waving his hands.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Arnold! Arnold! Don't aim at
dialog: the house -- please, not at the
dialog: house --
text: WHAM! Fred ducks back just as the stone newspaper slams
text: into the window frame, SMASHING a FLOWERPOT, taking out
text: a chunk of wall, and continuing diagonally through the
text: kitchen and out another window. Fred follows this
dialog: action in time to see --
scene_heading: 22 HIS DRIVEWAY - THROUGH THE OTHER WINDOW 22
text: The rock paper drops like a foul shot, rips through the
text: canvas roof of Fred's car, and then bangs a huge dent
text: in the hood.
scene_heading: 23 BACK TO SCENE 23
text: Fred sighs, turns back to his breakfast.
speaker_heading: WILMA
dialog: Lucky it wasn't the Sunday paper.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: (slight smile)
dialog: Yeah. What else can go wrong?
text: He slices through the big egg with his knife -- releasing
text: a baby PTERODACTYL which SQUAWKS and flaps, knocking Fred
text: over as it takes off through the window.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 24 EXT. FLINTSTONE DRIVEWAY - LATER 24
text: Fred -- now dressed for work -- is forlornly trying to
dialog: fix his car.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: 24 CONTINUED: 24
text: In the neighboring driveway, Wilma and Betty pile the
text: kids into Betty's car.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: (wiping their mouths)
dialog: Come on, kids. Time for nursery
dialog: school.
speaker_heading: PEBBLES
dialog: 'Bye-bye, Daddy.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: 'Bye, little sweetheart.
dialog: (as Wilma clears
dialog: her throat)
dialog: 'Bye, big sweetheart.
text: Fred kisses them both and they drive off. Fred sighs,
text: tries to stretch the canvas roof edges close enough to
text: stitch. Nearby, Dino struggles to drag the stone news-
text: paper inside the house. The twin headlines are, of
scene_heading: course, KIBBLE CRISIS GROWS and MYSTERIOUS XENOSAURUS
scene_heading: STRIKES AGAIN.
text: Suddenly a pink flamingo appears over the hedge. As its
text: mouth opens and closes, it appears to be talking, but
dialog: the voice is that of --
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: Nice morning, huh, Fred?
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: What's nice about it?
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: Heh, hey. That Arnold's got a
dialog: real arm on him, don't he?
text: Now we see that Barney is holding the flamingo's stiff
text: legs which he scissors, making the bird's beak trim the
dialog: hedge.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: This is the third ragtop this year
dialog: ... say, shouldn't you be at work?
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: Ah, well, that appliance store and
dialog: me, we kinda had a little
dialog: adjustment --
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: You got fired, didn't ya?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: 24 CONTINUED: (2) 24
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: Fred, don't start on me again. I
dialog: donno, I'm just not a nine to
dialog: five guy. I got dreams, Fred.
dialog: Ideas --
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Yeah, I know, I know, those
dialog: crazy inventions of yours. Be
dialog: honest with me, Barn... tell me
dialog: one thing you invented that
dialog: really caught on.
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: I invented fire.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You invented fire?
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: I told you that, Fred. But the
dialog: coal conglomerate ripped me off.
text: The case is still in court, but
dialog: meanwhile I got lotsa other
dialog: ideas --
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Yeah, but did any one of them
dialog: ever put bread on the table? How
dialog: long are you and Betty gonna live
dialog: on those penny-ante royalties you
dialog: get?
text: Fred pulls his car hood off of its wooden hinges,
text: examines it with dismay.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: If you ask me, pal, you're just
dialog: blowing smoke up your own
dialog: volcano...
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: Maybe, Fred. But first...
text: He uses the flamingo's jaws to snatch the car hood
text: from Fred's surprised grasp.
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: Let me try some of that smoke on
dialog: your car.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 12.
scene_heading: 25 INT. BARNEY'S GARAGE/WORKSHOP - DAY 25
text: We can still see Fred's car in the neighboring driveway.
text: (We can also see Dino, who drags the newspaper on a
text: bit more, then collapses from exhaustion).
text: Barney's garage is cluttered with all kinds of odds and
text: ends, plus various inventions and scale models in
dialog: different stages of completion. (Interestingly, a
dialog: number of these anticipate Leonardo da Vinci's work).
text: Many of the models are made of a strange celadon green
dialog: material.
text: Fred watches, skeptical, as Barney presses the car hood
text: into some soft clay between two big blocks of stone.
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: (as he works)
dialog: -- See, the first step, we make
text: a mold of the old car hood, smooth
text: out the dent in the clay --
text: He tosses the original car hood aside with a crash.
text: Then, moving rapidly, he starts heaving a variety of
text: ingredients into the reverse imprint of the car hood.
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: -- Add some lava granules... some
dialog: woca leaves... juice from two
dialog: coo-coo berries...
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: (impressed)
dialog: Two coo-coo berries? You made of
dialog: money, Barney?
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: Anything for a pal, Fred -- a
dialog: lump of coal... bamboo sawdust...
dialog: eucalyptus sap... a touch of the
dialog: La Brea tarbrush -- and -- voila.
text: Barney dips a finger in this mess, "tastes" it;
text: satisfied, he yanks on a hanging rope and a giant rock
text: weight slams down on the whole mess, making Fred jump out
dialog: of his skin.
speaker_heading: 26 NEW ANGLE 26
text: Fred is caked with dust. He coughs and spits.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Barney, why don't you try inventing
dialog: a brain for yourself! Look at what
dialog: you did to --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: 26 CONTINUED: 26
text: He stops as Barney cranks up the weight on a ratchet,
text: proudly lifts out a perfect (though greenish) duplicate
text: of the car hood. As Fred examines it, impressed despite
dialog: himself, we...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 27 BETTY'S CAR - TRAVELING 27
text: The two kids are in the back seat. Somehow both of the
text: kids' faces are messy again. Working together with
text: beautiful precision, they are carefully dismantling the
text: rear armrests and door handles.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: (in mid-speech,
dialog: driving)
dialog: ... Oh, it's not that I'm complaining,
dialog: Wilma. I mean, Barney's sweet, but...
dialog: well, he's just not cut out to punch
dialog: a clock. And he's such a dreamer,
dialog: you think he ever once picked up a
text: hammer and chisel and tried to
dialog: balance a checkbook?
text: They pull up in front of a pleasant-looking simple little
text: nursery school. MRS. GRANITE, a pleasant-looking 65, sees
text: them from the schoolyard, waves while Wilma and Betty un-
dialog: load the kids.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: No, Barney just keeps looking for
dialog: that coo-coo berry pie in the sky,
dialog: and I don't want to pop his balloon
dialog: by talking about the price of
text: mastodon ribs.
text: She wipes off Bam-Bam's mouth with a handkerchief. Wilma
text: does the same with Pebbles and then they kiss the kids,
text: who immediately run into the schoolyard.
speaker_heading: MRS. GRANITE
dialog: (approaching)
dialog: Mrs. Rubble, Mrs. Flintstone, I
dialog: wanted to thank you personally.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: You're welcome, Mrs. Granite. But
dialog: we wipe their mouths every day.
speaker_heading: MRS. GRANITE
dialog: No, no, I mean for all your wonderful
dialog: support the past few years. It's
dialog: parents like you that make me think
dialog: twice about retiring.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: 27 CONTINUED: 27
text: From the schoolyard comes the sudden sound of KIDS QUAR-
text: RELING and then a THUD and some CRYING.
speaker_heading: MRS. GRANITE
dialog: On the other hand...
text: Wilma and Betty laugh.
speaker_heading: WILMA
dialog: We're really going to miss you,
dialog: too, Mrs. Granite.
speaker_heading: MRS. GRANITE
dialog: Have you found another school for
dialog: the children?
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: We're still shopping around.
speaker_heading: WILMA
dialog: Fortunately, we're both --
text: Wilma and Betty straighten... salute.
speaker_heading: WILMA &amp; BETTY
dialog: (they've done this
dialog: routine before)
dialog: -- Professional shoppers!
dialog: As the three women laugh, we...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 28 EXT. BEDROCK STREET - TRAVELLING - DAY 28
text: Fred and Barney drive along. (Behind them, the same
text: houses and palms seem to be going by... duplex, palm...
text: split level, two palms... duplex, palm).
text: Barney grins, gestures towards the front of the car.
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: Not bad, eh? After it cures for an
text: hour or so, it's solid as a rock.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Okay, you fixed a dented hood. But
dialog: you call that a living? Face it,
dialog: pal, this is the Stone Age, and it's
dialog: a dino eat dino world. You want my
dialog: advice?
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: Did I ever?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: 28 CONTINUED: 28
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: You stick with me today, cruise on
dialog: down to the quarry and fill out a
dialog: job application. I'm a big man
dialog: there, Barney --
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: You're a big man anywhere, Fred --
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: I'm serious, pal. Me and Mr. Slate
dialog: are just like this --
text: He takes his hand off the wheel to hold up two fingers...
text: ends up swerving instead.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: -- just like that. I know, I know
dialog: -- you're not a clock-punching guy
dialog: -- but face it, Barney -- it's time
dialog: to grow up and put your nose to the
text: grindstone, batten down the hatches
dialog: and join the ratasaurus race with
dialog: the rest of us.
dialog: (meaningfully)
dialog: It's time to retire those dreams.
text: Barney looks glum, doesn't say anything. Suddenly Fred
text: pulls over, stops the car.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Barney. Look.
speaker_heading: 29 WIDE SHOT 29
text: They're at the crest of a high wide hill.
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: Hey. Lava Lane.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Remember the old days, Barn? We
dialog: used to race our go-carts here to
dialog: impress the girls.
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: (wistful)
dialog: Yeah, those were the days... we
dialog: usta dream about coming back here
dialog: some day with a real car and goin'
dialog: for the goldrock...!
text: A look from one to another, and then down the hill...
text: Fred gets a malicious grin on his face.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: 29 CONTINUED: 29
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: Fred... I thought you said it was
dialog: time to retire those old dreams.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Hey. Since when do I have to be
dialog: consistent?
text: The two pals laugh, and then with a whoop they begin
text: pedalling like mad. They go over the top, gravity takes
text: over and they are flying past that billboard with all the
text: Rotary Club welcomes on it. But now we see a different
text: sort of welcome, as a POLICE CAR ZOOMS out from behind it.
scene_heading: 30 POLICE CAR - CLOSER 30
text: Inside are SERGEANT FELDSPAR and his rookie partner,
text: OFFICER GRAVEL. Cackling with anticipation, Feldspar
text: opens a box marked radar detector. Out pops a little
text: bird in a police helmet. It has a stopwatch (actually,
text: stop-sundial) around its neck. Feldspar points -- the
dialog: bird salutes -- takes off!
scene_heading: 31 FRED AND BARNEY 31
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: (spotting the cops)
dialog: Oh-oh! Fred, slow down -- !
text: Suddenly both Fred and Barney see the RADAR BIRD flying
text: alongside them. It checks its stopwatch, writes a note
text: to itself. Fred is so preoccupied he doesn't notice
dialog: as --
scene_heading: 32 THE POLICE CAR 32
text: cuts in front of Fred. Fred SLAMS on the "BRAKES," sits
text: helplessly as Feldspar gets out, walks over, grinning.
speaker_heading: FELDSPAR
dialog: Well, Flintstone, looks like today's
dialog: the day.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Sergeant Feldspar, I... I wasn't
dialog: speeding... honest...
text: Fred reaches down to the floorboard as he speaks...
scene_heading: 33 ANGLE ON FLOORBOARD 33
text: There's a box there marked RADAR BUSTER.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: 33 CONTINUED: 33
speaker_heading: FELDSPAR (O.S.)
dialog: Forget it, Flintstone. This time
dialog: I got you dead to rights --
text: Fred opens the box. A scary-looking winged reptile
text: sticks out its head, smacks its hungry lips.
scene_heading: 34 BACK TO SCENE 34
text: Confident, Feldspar jerks a thumb at the Radar Bird,
text: turns to his rookie partner.
speaker_heading: FELDSPAR
dialog: Gravel. Get me the radar reading
dialog: and I'll show you how we deal with
text: scofflaws.
text: Gravel nods, steps towards the bird. The bird checks
text: its stopwatch... and then it notices the flying lizard
text: which is hovering nearby, licking its lips.
speaker_heading: RADAR BIRD
dialog: Whoa! Wings, do your stuff -- !
text: The Radar Bird flies away at a hundred miles an hour,
text: leaving a cloud of dust and the stopwatch behind.
text: Feldspar catches the watch, startled.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Well, Sergeant, if you don't have
dialog: a radar reading, I guess we'll --
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: -- justbeonourway -- !
text: A new cloud of dust appears as Fred ROARS away.
speaker_heading: FELDSPAR
dialog: Flintstone! Flintstone, come back
dialog: here -- !
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 35 EXT. BEDROCK BUTCHER SHOP - DAY 35
text: Betty and Wilma have just pulled up. We notice that next
text: to their legal spot, a big limousine is parked in a "no
dialog: parking" zone. But our law-abiding Betty in the next
text: space now drops a stone coin in a parking meter.
scene_heading: 36 CLOSE ON THE METER 36
text: Inside the window we see a LITTLE BIRD. It "bites" the
text: coin to check it, then turns over an egg timer.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: 36 CONTINUED: 36
speaker_heading: LITTLE BIRD
dialog: (with a sigh)
dialog: Four years in accounting school
dialog: for this...
scene_heading: 37 INT. BUTCHER SHOP - DAY 37
text: It's absolutely mobbed. Customers push past each other
text: with armloads of food. Gigantic cuts of meat hang from
text: above or are on display behind the counter. MORRIS THE
text: BUTCHER looks up from the chaos and manages a weak smile
dialog: for the girls.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Morris, what on earth is going on?
dialog: You giving away Bronto filets?
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Ah, my two loveliest customers.
dialog: It's this darn kibble crisis, Mrs.
dialog: R... people are buying everything
dialog: I got to feed their dinos...
speaker_heading: MRS. SLATE
dialog: Young man, if you're through
dialog: flirting, I'd like some service.
speaker_heading: 38 NEW ANGLE 38
text: REVEALING MRS. SLATE, who stands there, impatient and
text: overdressed.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Of course, Mrs. Slate. Just take
dialog: a number.
text: Wilma senses the tension, quickly steps forward to break
text: it with a smile.
speaker_heading: WILMA
dialog: Ah, hello, Mrs. Slate.
text: Morris reacts with relief. Mrs. Slate reacts with a
text: blank look.
speaker_heading: WILMA
dialog: (prompting)
dialog: We met at the quarry picnic?
speaker_heading: MRS. SLATE
dialog: Oh, of course. Mrs. Flintstein.
text: She turns her back to Wilma, forces her way towards the
text: counter again. Wilma burns.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: 38 CONTINUED: 38
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Ladies, the meat's not getting any
dialog: fresher. Mrs. R, what'll it be?
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Oh, I'd like some ground mammoth
dialog: patties and uh... some dodo
text: drumsticks.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Gino? We got any dodo bird?
text: GINO turns, looks at his end of the counter.
speaker_heading: GINO
dialog: There's one left -- and it's the
dialog: last one!
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Good.
dialog: (handing him the note)
dialog: Give it to Mrs. Rubble along with
dialog: this.
text: Gino nods, smiling. He picks up a crate, begins to load
text: it with giant fryer parts and several manhole-sized meat
dialog: patties.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: (turning to Betty)
dialog: How about you, Mrs. F?
speaker_heading: WILMA
dialog: I just need a few things for Fred.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: 'Fred...'?
dialog: (calling into the back)
dialog: David! Herman! Get Rob and BoBo
dialog: and tell 'em to bring the big
dialog: dolly!
speaker_heading: VOICE FROM BACK (O.S.)
dialog: Flintstone again, huh?
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: You got it. Now then... Mrs.
dialog: Slate?
dialog: (pointing at the
dialog: limo outside the
dialog: shop)
dialog: You're in a no parking zone there.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: 38 CONTINUED: (2) 38
speaker_heading: MRS. SLATE
dialog: Well, if I get some service, I'll
dialog: be out of it, won't I?
text: Mrs. Slate steps to the counter. Meanwhile, the staff
text: begin using a refrigerator dolly to bring out giant ribs,
text: steaks and sausages which they pile up in front of Wilma.
speaker_heading: MRS. SLATE
dialog: I want a nice fresh, juicy
dialog: chickensaurus, Morris. And not
dialog: one you've had laying around on
dialog: the shelf. I mean fresh.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Mrs. Slate, we're kind of busy
dialog: now --
speaker_heading: MRS. SLATE
dialog: I don't care if you're busy. What
dialog: I care about is my adorable little
text: grand nephew. He's staying with
dialog: me for the summer and I intend to
dialog: make his favorite dish... Southern
dialog: fried chickensaurus! Now I want
dialog: a fresh chickensaurus and I want
dialog: it now!
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Boys, you heard her... she said
dialog: fresh.
speaker_heading: 39 THE STAFF 39
text: with a sigh, they buckle on elbow and knee protectors,
text: go to a side door, open it. Inside is another barred
text: door. They open it, go inside. Immediately we hear
text: loud SQUAWKING and CACKLING... THUDS, BUMPS...
speaker_heading: 40 NEW ANGLE 40
text: Suddenly the barred door slams open and a giant chicken-
text: saurus comes bounding out, with Morris's staff hanging
text: all over it like rodeo cowboys. They try and restrain
text: it with ropes but it's enraged and flops around the
dialog: store.
speaker_heading: MRS. SLATE
dialog: (oblivious of the
dialog: trouble)
dialog: Morris, while you're at it, I'd
dialog: like it plucked --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: 40 CONTINUED: 40
text: Suddenly the chickensaurus snaps the ropes, flaps its
text: wings and leaps through the front window --
scene_heading: 41 EXT. BUTCHER SHOP - DAY 41
text: The huge bird lands with a crunch atop Mrs. Slate's car,
text: which is practically squashed flat. Then it disappears
text: around the corner. (We hear CAR HORNS and SKIDDING TIRES
dialog: as it goes.)
scene_heading: 42 BACK TO SCENE 42
speaker_heading: MRS. SLATE
dialog: My car -- !
text: Wilma and Betty try and hide their laughter.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 43 EXT. SLATE CONSTRUCTION - DAY 43
text: Clouds of dust rise from behind the fence. We see the
text: heads of the heavy equipment dinos rising and falling.
text: A two-story office building is at one end of the site
text: with a big "Slate Construction Inc." sign on the roof.
text: CAMERA ADJUSTS as Fred's car turns into the lot, Barney
text: seated beside Fred. The new green hood gleams in the
text: morning light.
scene_heading: 44 CLOSER - FRED'S CAR 44
text: Fred digs his feet into the ground, slams to a halt. He
text: gets out, surveys the activity. Immediately, the various
text: workers shout AD LIB greetings. Fred acknowledges these,
text: beaming in the respect he gets here.
text: He lovingly dusts off his construction helmet, puts it on,
text: knocks an offending speck from his parking sign (F.
text: Flintstone - Shop Steward). He leads Barney towards the
dialog: quarry area.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Barney, you won't regret this --
dialog: hiya, Al -- fixing dents in cars
dialog: is one thing, a career's another.
dialog: Here, you're getting in on the
text: ground floor of the first footstep
dialog: of a new leaf -- hi, Wally, how's
dialog: the old backhand? And with a guy
dialog: like me ta show you the ropes, you
dialog: can skip all the red tape, all the
dialog: malarky, all the dino doo --
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: 45 NEW ANGLE 45
text: Fred stands near the weight station booth, where a plump
text: GIRL in a beehive hairdo sits inside a trailer.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: (New York accent)
dialog: Hi, Mr. Flintstone.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Hiya, Shirley. This is my very
dialog: special neighbor and pal Barney
dialog: Rubble. He needs an application
dialog: form, okay?
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Anything for you, Mr. Flintstone.
text: She slams down two clay tablets and a stylus.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Here you go.
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Thanks again for the football tickets.
dialog: My boyfriend and I both liked them.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: My pleasure, Shirl. Anytime.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Okay. But do you think next time
dialog: we could go to the same game?
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: (confidently)
dialog: No problem.
text: Fred smiles at her, hands the forms to Barney. Fres steps
text: towards the quarry, admires the activity, hands on hips,
text: master of all he surveys. He waves to more friends.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Well, Barn, what did I tell you?
dialog: When you're in with Flintstone,
dialog: you're in like Flint.
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: Gee, Fred. I knew you were a big
dialog: shot. I just didn't know how big.
text: Fred beams at that, and then follows Barney's gaze to
text: the read-out on the truck scale. Fred is standing on it
text: and it's pushing 250. With a scowl, Fred grabs Barney's
text: sleeve and they go into the quarry. As they move, the
text: CAMERA PANS and CRANES UP TOWARDS the window of the
dialog: Slate Construction Office.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 23.
scene_heading: 46 INT. OFFICE - PULLBACK FROM WINDOW 46
text: The room here is dominated by a tabletop architectural
text: model of a large scale construction project. There's
text: acres of little development houses, then some tall office
dialog: buildings, a mall, you name it: There's even little foot-
text: powered model cars in the model parking spaces.
text: Near this we see MR. SLATE, a giant in the Bedrock con-
dialog: struction business (but not in height). Slate drinks
text: coffee from a "Boss" mug, listens with growing impatience
text: to JERRY LAVA. Several of Slate's lackeys listen, their
text: heads nodding up or down in sympathy with Slate's mer-
dialog: curial moods.
speaker_heading: LAVA
dialog: Uncle, if you'll look at this unit
dialog: cost projection... it intersects
dialog: here with --
speaker_heading: SLATE
dialog: -- how'd you like my fist to
dialog: intersect with your nose? I've
dialog: told you a hundred times, don't call
dialog: me uncle in the office! Now, I didn't
dialog: arrange your scholarship to Harvrock
dialog: University so you could waste my time!
dialog: So stop beating around the bushasaurus
dialog: and get to the bottom slime!
speaker_heading: LAVA
dialog: You'll be bankrupt in six months.
text: Slate does a Danny Thomas spit take all over the model.
scene_heading: 47 EXT. QUARRY - MOVING SHOT 47
text: Fred and Barney cross the busy lot, sidestepping workers
text: and animals. Fred does a lot of backslapping, waving.
text: Barney's filling out the forms on the move. Behind them,
text: we see the wide access ramp which spirals around the
dialog: quarry's sides.
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Social Security number...
dialog: dependents... 'how learned of job'
dialog: ... newspaper ad, carrier pigeon...
dialog: (writing)
dialog: ... Personal reference...
text: Hearing a loud SMASH, Fred looks up and sees --
scene_heading: 48 FRED'S POV - A WRECKING BALL OPERATOR 48
text: A burly and rough looking guy named PILTDOWN, he grins in-
text: side his dino-topping cupola, winds his winch handles and
text: then propels his wrecking ball towards the...
dialog: 24.
scene_heading: 49 QUARRY WALL - ABOVE 49
text: -- where the huge stone BALL SMASHES into some walnuts
text: balanced on a boulder.
speaker_heading: 50 WIDER 50
text: Piltdown's compact buddy PYRITE cackles, sweeps up the
text: walnuts. Munching them, he balances a new one in place.
dialog: (It should be noted here that the relationship and physi-
text: cal appearances of Piltdown and Pyrite mirrors that of
dialog: our heroes... they're sort of an anti-Fred and Barney.)
speaker_heading: PYRITE
dialog: Way ta go, Pilty baby. Five bucks
dialog: says you can't hit one on the fly.
speaker_heading: PILTDOWN
dialog: (calling up)
dialog: Yer on, Pyrite --
text: Pyrite tosses a walnut, which bounces on the ledge. The
text: wrecking BALL SMASHES into the stone wall.
speaker_heading: 51 BELOW 51
text: Workers near Fred duck as dust and debris fall down.
text: People grab for their construction helmets.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Not again...
text: Fred hustles up a ladder to a ramp which leads him up to
text: the level of Piltdown's cab. Barney hurries to follow.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: All right, Piltdown, that's enough!
dialog: You're endangering your fellow
dialog: workers!
speaker_heading: PILTDOWN
dialog: Yeah? Sez who?
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Says me, Fred Flintstone -- shop
dialog: steward of Amalgamated Neolithic
dialog: Workers 101.
speaker_heading: PILTDOWN
dialog: Yeah? Well, A.N.W. one-oh-one gives
dialog: us workers a snack break. So...
dialog: (a nasty grin)
dialog: ... I'm breakin' some snacks.
text: He swings the wrecking ball again.
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: 52 UP ABOVE 52
text: This time he's overdone it: The wrecking ball flies past
text: the walnuts -- Pyrite ducks for cover -- and then the
text: wrecking ball whips over and around the handrail which
text: runs along here, twisting as tightly as Indiana Jones'
text: whip. The handrail wobbles dangerously in its
dialog: foundation --
scene_heading: 53 PILTDOWN'S DINO 53
text: SNORTS, backs up -- the crane SUPPORTS on its back begin
dialog: to CREAK and GROAN with the strain --
speaker_heading: 54 WIDER 54
text: Workers scatter, fearful of the imminent collapse. Fred
text: runs to grab the dino's reins.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Whoa, whoa, big fella --
text: He calms the beast by giving it a carrot. As it munches,
text: Fred quickly ties the reins to a post.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: (calling up to the cab)
dialog: You're on report, Piltdown! If it's
dialog: up to me you'll be pushing a
dialog: wheelbarrow!
speaker_heading: PILTDOWN
dialog: (leaping down)
dialog: You've been asking for this,
dialog: Flintstone... I'm gonna kick your
dialog: fat butt --
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Fat butt? Hold me back, Barney --
dialog: (sotto, very sincere)
dialog: -- Barney, hold me back --
text: Quickly the men form a circle around Piltdown and Fred.
text: Barney looks up and sees --
scene_heading: 55 THE CRANE ON THE DINO'S BACK 55
text: It is shuddering and threatening to come crashing down.
scene_heading: 56 BACK TO SCENE 56
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: Hey, maybe you guys oughta fix
dialog: that first.
speaker_heading: PILTDOWN
dialog: Why should we?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: 56 CONTINUED: 56
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: It looks dangerous. Besides, you
dialog: can kick Fred's fat butt anytime.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Yeah. That's right.
dialog: (realizing, a glare
dialog: at Barney)
dialog: I mean -- this ain't over, Piltdown.
dialog: (turning, shouting)
dialog: Come on, guys. Let's clean up the
dialog: mess.
text: With much grumbling, ropes and grappling hooks are
text: gathered and the crew hops to it...
scene_heading: 57 INT. SLATE'S OFFICE - SAME TIME 57
text: Slate stands in a blubbering fury as Lava mops coffee up
text: from the model and Slate's face.
speaker_heading: SLATE
dialog: Bankrupt? Are you crazy?
text: Lava holds up a clay tablet covered with figures.
speaker_heading: LAVA
dialog: It's all here in hack and slice.
dialog: When you committed to this housing
dialog: development the price of dino kibble
dialog: was a few clams per ton. Since then,
dialog: it's gone up a hundredfold.
dialog: (indicating the model)
dialog: You can't build a project like this
dialog: without the heavy equipment dinos,
dialog: and we can't afford to feed those
dialog: dinos.
text: Slate glowers, paces around the model.
speaker_heading: SLATE
dialog: I'm two months behind schedule, my
dialog: option's running out on the land
dialog: and Donald Trumprock is just waiting
dialog: to jump in and steal the whole deal
dialog: ... meanwhile that damn union's on
dialog: my back, hell, they'll probably want
dialog: an eighty hour week or something...
dialog: (frustrated)
dialog: There's got to be an answer...
text: A LOUD COMMOTION outside the window attracts everyone's
dialog: attention.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: 57 CONTINUED: 57
speaker_heading: SLATE
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: LAVA
dialog: (worried)
dialog: Sounds like a worker's comp claim
dialog: if I ever heard one...
text: All rush to the window. They look out and see --
scene_heading: 58 THE QUARRY - WIDE 58
text: Supervised by Fred, all the workers are straining on the
text: ropes to haul the rear legs of the crane back into their
text: sockets on the back of the big dino. Only the last
text: critical rope is still dangling.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Barney! Grab that line! Hurry!
text: Barney scrambles up Fred's back, shoving a foot in Fred's
text: face, but finally snatching the rope. He pulls on it...
text: Fred throws his own weight into the effort...
speaker_heading: 59 THE CRANE 59
text: THUDS into place on the dino's back -- the workers cheer --
text: 60 THE WRECKING BALL 60
text: alas, with its cable now twisted shorter, it's become an
text: immovable object, and as the shortened CABLE SNAPS, the
text: wrecking ball begins to roll down the quarry wall.
speaker_heading: 61 NEW ANGLE 61
text: Men and ANIMALS YELP and dive out of the way as the BALL
text: rolls downwards, SMASHING everything in its path.
scene_heading: 62 EXT. SLATE'S OFFICE WINDOW 62
dialog: The executives watch concerned as --
scene_heading: 63 THE WRECKING BALL 63
text: tumbles down, down, knocking scaffolding and ladders
text: aside, reaches the end of a ramp, and drops through the
dialog: air right onto --
scene_heading: 64 THE HOOD OF FRED'S CAR 64
text: -- where, astonishingly, the HOOD sinks in resiliently
text: like a trampoline and then with a loud "SPROING" the
text: wrecking ball flies straight back up into the air,
text: followed a beat behind by the unhinged hood itself.
text: Both hurtle TOWARDS the CAMERA --
dialog: 28.
scene_heading: 65 SLATE AND EXECUTIVES 65
text: react fearfully as they realize all this is coming
text: straight for them. With a howl, they all dive aside --
scene_heading: 66 INT. SLATE'S OFFICE - WIDER - DAY 66
text: The wrecking BALL flies through the window, SLAMS onto
text: Slate's desk, crushing everything in its path and then
text: sails on SMASHING right into --
scene_heading: 67 THE MODEL DEVELOPMENT 67
text: -- where all of the lined up HIGH RISES SMASH ASIDE with
text: a sound like falling pins.
scene_heading: 68 IN THE QUARRY 68
text: The workers pick themselves up and now their eyes follow
text: the path taken by the long-gone wrecking ball.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Oh boy. Goodbye pension fund --
text: They rush for the office building.
scene_heading: 69 INT. SLATE'S OFFICE - DAY 69
text: Dust is still settling. The staff rises from the mess,
text: coughing. Lava rummages in the debris, finds a stiff
dialog: body.
speaker_heading: LAVA
dialog: Uncle, Uncle, speak to me --
text: But it's only a statue of a golfer from one of Slate's
dialog: trophies.
speaker_heading: SLATE
dialog: (sitting up)
dialog: I'm over here, you moron -- and
dialog: don't call me 'Uncle'!
text: Slate's eyes fall on Fred's car hood, swinging from a
text: bookshelf. He reaches for it -- pulls it -- it stays
text: put, and only releases a new deluge of rubble and plaster
text: which reburies him. At the same time, the door slams
text: open and Fred, Barney and the other workers tumble inside.
scene_heading: 70 THEIR POV - OFFICE 70
text: As they take in the destruction. Barney notices the
text: wrecking ball amidst the model buildings. As we watch,
text: the last remaining little HIGH RISE FALLS.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: 70 CONTINUED: 70
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: Hey, nice going, Fred. You even
dialog: got the spare --
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Barney, shut up --
dialog: (turning)
dialog: Mr. Slate -- Mr. Slate -- are you
dialog: all right?
text: Slate staggers to his feet, seething with fury. He
text: finally yanks the car hood free. It bounces and VIBRATES
text: in his hands like a hand saw.
speaker_heading: SLATE
dialog: (eying the men)
dialog: For five years Slate Construction
dialog: has had the finest safety record
dialog: in Bedrock.
dialog: (pacing, angry)
dialog: Our workers are trained in first
dialog: aid, our equipment is first rate
dialog: and our dinos are worm free. And
dialog: then something like this happens
dialog: ... I want to know how!
text: A cacophony of voices starts to answer.
speaker_heading: SLATE
dialog: Shut up!
dialog: (in the sudden silence)
dialog: I want one person to answer me:
dialog: (waving the car hood)
dialog: Who's responsible for this?
speaker_heading: 71 PILTDOWN 71
text: nudges the wrecking ball off the edge of the table. It
text: falls on Fred's foot. Fred starts to scream and Piltdown
text: shoves a pencil holder into his mouth.
speaker_heading: PILTDOWN
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: It was Flintstone, Mr. Slate!
speaker_heading: PYRITE
dialog: That's right, Mr. Slate, it was
dialog: Flintstone!
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: That's a lie, Mr. Slate!
speaker_heading: SLATE
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: 71 CONTINUED: 71
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: (pointing to his forms)
dialog: B. Rubble. White male personal
dialog: reference --
speaker_heading: SLATE
dialog: (pushing Barney aside)
dialog: Flintstone, I have just one thing
dialog: to say to you --
text: Fred cringes. Piltdown and Pyrite smirk.
speaker_heading: SLATE
dialog: (pumping his hand)
dialog: Congratulations!
speaker_heading: FRED PILTDOWN
dialog: Huh? What?
speaker_heading: SLATE
dialog: This stuff you had on your car is
dialog: the most incredible building
dialog: material I've seen in thirty years
dialog: in the construction business!
dialog: (testing it)
dialog: It's strong --
dialog: (twirling it)
dialog: -- Light --
dialog: (bending it)
dialog: -- Resilient --
text: It rebounds, "SPROINGING" him on the chin. He recovers,
text: shakes it off.
speaker_heading: SLATE
dialog: Where on earth did you get it?
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Oh, it's ah, just something I
text: whipped up in the old garage
dialog: workshop --
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: -- with a little help from my
dialog: buddy Barney, right, Barn?
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: Well, actually, Fred, it was the
dialog: other way ar--
text: Fred hisses between his teeth, repeats the "Slate and me
dialog: are just like this" gesture he made earlier, points at
dialog: Slate.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: 71 CONTINUED: (2) 71
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: (reluctant)
dialog: Sure, Fred, right, right.
text: Slate nods, distracted, his eyes and hands running over
text: the smooth lines of the car hood.
speaker_heading: SLATE
dialog: The rest of you men go back to work.
dialog: I want to talk to Flintstone and
dialog: the personal reference alone. Come
dialog: on, move, move...
text: They go out, Piltdown looking furious.
speaker_heading: SLATE
dialog: (a man in love)
dialog: Light as a Pterodactyl feather...
dialog: why, a child could handle this...
dialog: Lava, we could cut construction
dialog: costs in half... in quarters... in
dialog: uh... whatchacallit --
speaker_heading: LAVA
dialog: (patiently)
dialog: Eighths --
speaker_heading: SLATE
dialog: Eighths, right. Flintstone, what
dialog: do you call this stuff?
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Well, Mr. Slate, I call it --
dialog: (hesitating, sotto)
dialog: -- Barney, what do I call it?
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: Fibrerock, Fred...
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: -- I call it Fibrerock Fred -- !
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: I mean, ah, 'Fibrerock'!
speaker_heading: SLATE
dialog: (rolling it over
dialog: his tongue)
dialog: 'Fibrerock'? 'Fibrerock'?
dialog: (playing with it)
dialog: 'Fib-bre-rock' --
text: Slate's staff make disparaging noises.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: 71 CONTINUED: (3) 71
speaker_heading: SLATE
dialog: I love it!
speaker_heading: SLATE'S STAFF
dialog: (instantly reversing
dialog: themselves)
dialog: Love it... great... has a nice
dialog: ring... says it all, you know?
dialog: (Etc...)
text: Slate takes the piece of material, leans it on the table
text: so it catches the light. Despite himself, Lava comes
text: over, examines the car hood... can't help but marvel at
text: it as well. Meanwhile, Slate puts his arms around Fred
dialog: and Barney.
speaker_heading: SLATE
dialog: (to Lava)
dialog: You see this, Lava? All those
dialog: courses of yours at Harvrock
dialog: University, and who saves my bacon?
dialog: Two simple-minded run-of-the-mill
dialog: nobodies.
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: Gee, thanks, Mr. Slate.
text: Lava glowers. Slate pulls Fred and Barney close with
text: genuine excitement.
speaker_heading: SLATE
dialog: Boys, this is a small step for
dialog: Slate Construction... a giant step
dialog: for all mankind.
text: He points to the translucent material. CAMERA TIGHTENS
text: ON it. We see Fred, Barney and Slate's reflections in it.
speaker_heading: SLATE
dialog: (dramatically)
dialog: The Stone Age is over! Let the
dialog: Fibre Age begin!
text: As HEROIC MUSIC STINGS IN, we...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 72 BETTY'S CAR - TRAVELING - DAY 72
text: Mrs. Slate is in back, crammed in with groceries. Betty
text: pulls up in front of a building that looks like a Palm
scene_heading: Springs spa. This is "L'ECOLE DES ENFANTS PREHISTORIQUE
scene_heading: HAUTE SUPERIOR."
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: 72 CONTINUED: 72
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Here we are, Mrs. Slate. Sorry you
text: had to ride in the back.
speaker_heading: MRS. SLATE
dialog: (getting out)
dialog: Not at all. I'm used to being
text: driven around.
text: And she's sashaying up the path. Betty and Wilma burn,
text: then follow her.
scene_heading: 73 INT. SCHOOL - DAY 73
dialog: As elegant as we can get MMMCXV years before Louis XIV.
text: As the three women come in, we see CHILDREN with alliga-
text: tors on their deerskin shirts singing:
speaker_heading: CHILDREN
dialog: 'La hachette de ma tante
dialog: est sur le roche de mon oncle -- '
speaker_heading: HEADMISTRESS
dialog: (coming over, gushing)
dialog: Madame Mrs. Slate, bonjour!
dialog: Welcome to L'ecole des Enfants
dialog: Prehistorique Haute Superior!
speaker_heading: MRS. SLATE
dialog: Thank you, Marie.
dialog: (showing a rock receipt)
dialog: I ordered the hors d'oeuvres for
dialog: the junior talent show. They were
dialog: out of Ceolanth caviar so I got
dialog: Mastodon brie instead. Oh, ah,
dialog: these are my, uh, friends, Wilma
dialog: Flintstein --
speaker_heading: WILMA
dialog: Flintstone --
speaker_heading: MRS. SLATE
dialog: -- oh, it used to be Flintstein -- ?
dialog: And this is ah, Becky... Betty!
text: The Headmistress reaches over, takes their hands
text: gracefully.
speaker_heading: HEADMISTRESS
dialog: Enchante.
speaker_heading: WILMA
dialog: I'm sure.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: 73 CONTINUED: 73
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Likewise.
speaker_heading: HEADMISTRESS
dialog: (waving a hand)
dialog: Well, Madame Slate, as you can see,
dialog: we remain ze creme de la creme in
dialog: the croissant of life known as
dialog: Bedrock. Now, your leetle gran'
dialog: nephew will be wiz us for two weeks,
dialog: no?
dialog: (opening a drawer)
dialog: Here is ze application for him. An'
dialog: mais oui, he weel participate in zee
dialog: annual talent show, naturalment?
text: Mrs. Slate takes the parchment application. Meanwhile
text: the Headmistress looks appraisingly at Wilma and Betty.
speaker_heading: HEADMISTRESS
dialog: An' your friends perhaps would like
dialog: zum school applications for zere
dialog: enfants?
speaker_heading: MRS. SLATE
dialog: (amused)
dialog: Them? Oh, Marie, really, you don't
dialog: understand --
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: (suddenly)
dialog: That's right, you don't understand.
dialog: My husband's business manager usually
dialog: handles this sort of thing, but I
dialog: don't mind.
text: And to Wilma's astonishment, Betty takes one of the
dialog: parchments.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: I know Bam-Bam --
dialog: (correcting herself)
dialog: -- pardonez-moi, 'Bem-Bem' will love
dialog: attending your school and performing
dialog: in the talent show. Thank you oh
dialog: so much.
text: She gives Mrs. Slate an even and controlled look, and
text: sends some of it over in Wilma's direction as well.
text: Wilma makes her choice, smiles tightly.
speaker_heading: WILMA
dialog: Let me have one of those, too. For
dialog: ma petite Pebbles.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: 73 CONTINUED: (2) 73
speaker_heading: HEADMISTRESS
dialog: Of course. Any friend of Madame
dialog: Slate is a friend of mine.
dialog: As Mrs. Slate reacts, we --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 74 INT. CAR - FRED AND BARNEY - NIGHT 74
text: They're cruising along. Fred puffs on a cigar. Barney
text: flips the pile of legal sized tablets in his lap. In the
text: back seat are some boxes and bundles.
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: Gee, Fred, I don't believe it.
dialog: Eight hours ago I didn't have a
dialog: job and now look -- I got 1/2 of
dialog: one percent of the after-taxes
dialog: after-expenses net breakage profits
dialog: on Fibrerock!
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Just be thankful I was there to go
text: over the fine print.
dialog: (full of himself)
dialog: It's like I told you this morning
dialog: -- There's something noble about a
text: man digging in with his hands and
dialog: doing an honest day's work. Once
dialog: you file those dreams under 'old
dialog: business' and put your nose to the
dialog: plow, well, the world is your
dialog: oyster. And was I right?
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: No, Fred, you weren't. I didn't
dialog: nose any grindstones and you didn't
dialog: shoulder a wheel. We just hung out
dialog: together and everything that
dialog: happened was a total accident.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: (after a moment)
dialog: Details, Barney, details...
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: I just can't wait to see the girls'
dialog: faces when we tell 'em the news...
scene_heading: 75 INT. FLINTSTONE HOUSE - NIGHT 75
text: The girls' frowns are a great contrast to their husbands'
text: smiles. Wilma's looking at the school enrollment forms.
text: Betty paces, looks at the clock.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: 75 CONTINUED: 75
speaker_heading: WILMA
dialog: (seeing this)
dialog: It's not like the boys to be so
dialog: late.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Unless they were forced to go
dialog: bowling again. Remember that time
text: a burglar pointed a gun at them
dialog: and said, 'go bowling right now'?
speaker_heading: WILMA
dialog: Betty, sometimes you're a little
dialog: too gullible --
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Don't tell me. I still can't
dialog: believe what I did today...
speaker_heading: WILMA
dialog: No kidding.
dialog: (indicating the forms)
dialog: Do you have any idea of what the
dialog: enrollment fee is? And get this...
dialog: it's non-refundable --
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: I know, I know! I just couldn't
dialog: stand that woman's attitude! But
dialog: we had to find a new school anyway,
dialog: and there we were... the next thing
dialog: I knew, I was in over my head...
dialog: but why did you jump in, too?
speaker_heading: WILMA
dialog: Oh, she was getting to me too with
dialog: all that mastodon snort about her
dialog: little nephew... and...
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: And?
speaker_heading: WILMA
dialog: And... if a friend can't help you
dialog: do something stupid, who can?
text: Betty smiles, touched. Then reality intrudes again.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: What do we tell the boys?
speaker_heading: WILMA
dialog: What's wrong with the truth?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: 75 CONTINUED: (2) 75
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: We put ourselves in debt so the
dialog: kids can attend school with a
dialog: family we can't stand?
speaker_heading: WILMA
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Maybe we could rephrase it...
text: Suddenly the door bursts open. Fred and Barney run in
text: with candy and flowers.
speaker_heading: FRED AND BARNEY
dialog: Surprise!
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Flowers?
speaker_heading: WILMA
dialog: Rock candy? That's nice, but...
dialog: why?
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Why? Oh, me and Barn, we suddenly
dialog: realized that we had a little spare
dialog: change.
speaker_heading: WILMA
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: Not anymore you don't...
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: (presenting flowers)
dialog: Betty, these are for you. For
dialog: sticking beside me during the
dialog: tough times, and well... for
dialog: making a little guy feel like he
dialog: was ten feet tall.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Aw, Barney... I... I don't deserve
dialog: these. I did something really
dialog: stupid today.
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: Hey. Fred does something stupid
dialog: every day and I still love him.
text: Fred laughs good naturedly, grabs Barney in a headlock.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Noogy, noogy, ha, ha -- !
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: 75 CONTINUED: (3) 75
speaker_heading: WILMA
dialog: (observing this)
dialog: Have you been drinking?
text: In reply, Fred whips a bottle of champagne into view.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Ready when you are.
dialog: (noticing the label)
dialog: Hey, '1'... a good year.
text: This confuses the girls even more.
speaker_heading: WILMA
dialog: Fred, there's no easy way to say
dialog: this so --
text: She closes her eyes, swings the enrollment forms over on
text: the table so that Fred and Barney can read them.
text: Fred and Barney look at them, look at each other... and
dialog: yawn.
scene_heading: 76 FAVORING WILMA AND BETTY 76
dialog: They can't believe this.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Boys... did you see... the dollar
dialog: signs there at the bottom?
speaker_heading: WILMA
dialog: The non-refundable dollar signs?
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: Plenty more where that came from.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: We see your dollar signs, ladies...
dialog: and...
text: He tosses his stone contracts on top of the parchment
text: ones with a THUD.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: ... we raise them.
text: Wilma and Betty look at each other, then at the contracts.
text: They blink, look again.
speaker_heading: WILMA
dialog: Betty... these... these look...
dialog: real --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: 76 CONTINUED: 76
text: Fred opens the champagne, which foams all over them. The
text: girls squeal.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: You bet they're real, sweetheart.
dialog: They're as real as... as... well,
dialog: as real as --
dialog: (embracing the group)
dialog: -- the best darn friends and
dialog: neighbors in the whole world.
text: Barney squeezes back.
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: Yeah. And nothing's ever gonna
dialog: change that... right, Fred?
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: (emotionally)
dialog: Right, pal o'mine.
text: As they laugh and the girls slowly absorb the truth,
dialog: we --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 77 EXT. WATER BUFFALO LODGE - NIGHT 77
text: A sign proclaims this as "GRAND BEDROCK LODGE -- LOYAL
text: ORDER OF WATER BUFFALO." The parking lot outside is full
text: of vehicles. We hear the sound of a GAVEL BANGING...
speaker_heading: HERDMASTER (V.O.)
dialog: Attention, fellow Water Buffaloes...
scene_heading: 78 INT. WATER BUFFALO LODGE - NIGHT 78
text: The members are milling about the main room, schmoozing,
text: drinking, kibitzing. All wear the furry and horned
dialog: ceremonial Fez of the Buffalo.
text: One wall of the lodge displays a big version of the lodge
text: coat of arms (with the motto "Ackus Ackus Adackus" below);
text: a trophy case holds a mind boggling display of various
text: bowling trophies, balls and pins. At the lectern, the
text: HERDMASTER (a mustachioed, inspirational type) bangs
dialog: again for order.
speaker_heading: HERDMASTER
dialog: Brothers, your attention!
text: It quiets a bit. He clears his throat, raises his chin,
text: and gives a strange mournful bellow.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: 78 CONTINUED: 78
speaker_heading: HERDMASTER
dialog: ("ritual" type tone)
dialog: The herd is now called to the
dialog: prairie.
dialog: (holding fingers
dialog: above ears)
dialog: Antlers... up!
text: The entire Lodge dutifully imitates this gesture.
speaker_heading: ENTIRE GROUP
dialog: Ack-ack-a-dack!
speaker_heading: HERDMASTER
dialog: (banging gavel)
dialog: This meeting of the Water
text: Buffaloes is now in session.
dialog: Sergeant-at-Arms, have we got any
dialog: old business?
text: Barney stands, acknowledges his friends and Lodge
dialog: brothers.
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: Indeed we do, Brother Herdmaster.
dialog: Tonight we are to hear speeches
dialog: from prospective candidates for
dialog: Lodge offices, such as good old
dialog: Fred and some other guys.
speaker_heading: 79 PILTDOWN 79
text: Seated across the room with Pyrite and other cronies, he
text: immediately leaps to his feet, paws the ground, and gives
text: an eerie moan even stranger than the Herdmaster's earlier
dialog: call to order.
scene_heading: 80 BACK TO SCENE 80
text: After the CRY ECHOES away:
speaker_heading: HERDMASTER
dialog: Brother Piltdown: You have given
dialog: the Cry of the Gelded Buffalo at
dialog: the Poisoned Water Hole. Do you
dialog: wish to file an objection?
speaker_heading: PILTDOWN
dialog: You bet I do. How come Flintstone
dialog: is 'good old Fred' and me and the
dialog: other candidates are just 'some
dialog: other guys'?
speaker_heading: PYRITE
dialog: Yeah, how come?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: 80 CONTINUED: 80
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: (rising)
dialog: My apologies, Brother Piltdown.
dialog: Allow me to rephrase. Tonight we
dialog: will hear speeches from a whole
dialog: bunch of good old guys...
dialog: (pause)
dialog: ... plus the one and only Fred
dialog: Flintstone!
text: Cheers go up, which drown out Piltdown's renewed cry of
text: the poisoned water hole. Fred moves towards the podium
text: as the noise dies down.
speaker_heading: 81 NEW ANGLE 81
text: Barney moves to the wall, where he pulls a rolled up
text: tapestry from a hiding place behind a plant. He tacks it
text: to the wall, yanks a string. It unrolls. It's a big
text: "VOTE FOR FRED FLINTSTONE" poster.
text: Barney turns, gives Fred a "thumbs up," and as he does,
text: Barney's hand brushes against a folded parchment in his
text: pocket. Barney pushes his way through the seats, catches
text: up to Fred and hands him the document. Fred takes it,
text: continues up to the podium. There, the Herdmaster hands
text: Fred the ceremonial hoof and antler, crossed over each
text: other like a Pharaoh's badges of office.
text: Fred does a Papal-like wave with these, sets them down,
text: and unrolls the crib notes Barney gave him.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: (reading, at first
dialog: wooden, then
dialog: confident)
dialog: Brother Buffaloes, honored
dialog: Herdmaster, Junior Bucks and
dialog: Apprentice Antlers, a great good
dialog: evening to you all. Ahem. As you
dialog: know, our organization has survived
dialog: difficult times that have seen the
dialog: extinction of such other lodges as
dialog: the Order of Whooping Cranes and
dialog: Brotherhood of Giant Sloths. But
dialog: we here have come through the croo
dialog: ... the crux...
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: (hissing)
dialog: -- crucible --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: 81 CONTINUED: 81
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: (grateful)
dialog: -- crucible with our fur fluffy
text: and our hooves unscathed. Now,
dialog: the future holds many promises and
dialog: many problems. As your next
dialog: Herdmaster, I would bring to you
dialog: the same determination, courage
dialog: and -- if I may say so -- bold
dialog: thinking that I have brought to
dialog: the workplace. Thank you, and
dialog: ack ack a-dack.
text: Applause follows Fred's return to the floor.
scene_heading: 82 PILTDOWN AND PYRITE 82
text: The only ones in their row not clapping, they scowl as
text: Fred passes them...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 83 INT. LODGE - RECREATION AREA - LATER 83
text: WIDEN as Barney propels a bowling ball (stone, of course)
text: rumbling down the alley, sending pins flying. The
text: Buffaloes cheer Barney's strike. We notice that most (if
text: not all) of these Lodge members also work at the quarry.
scene_heading: 84 AUTOMATIC PIN SPOTTER 84
text: It descends. It consists of a bent snout creature which
text: "cranks" down a shelf with several monkeys on it. The
text: monkeys grab the pins with their tails, straighten them
text: up. Then the shelf cranks back up.
scene_heading: 85 OTHER END OF ALLEY 85
text: Now it's Fred's turn. He trots up to the line, bowls...
text: another strike! More cheers, AD LIB complaints, etc.
text: The scorekeeper picks up hammer and chisel and fills out
text: the last frame.
speaker_heading: LODGE MEMBER
dialog: Congratulations, Fred.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Hey, when you're hot you're hot...
dialog: boys, lemme buy a round of drinks
dialog: for everyone.
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: Thanks, Fred, but here at the
dialog: lodge drinks are free.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: 85 CONTINUED: 85
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: But the principle is the same,
dialog: Barn. Don't forget that.
text: Fred leads the group over to the bar. Piltdown and
dialog: Pyrite come along with a shrug... why not, for a brew?
dialog: Fred reaches --
scene_heading: 86 UNDER THE COUNTER 86
text: where he pulls out a hook-beaked little LIZARD --
scene_heading: 87 BACK TO SCENE 87
text: Fred uses this creature to open several beers.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: (during this)
dialog: Here you go, boys, nice and
dialog: frosty...
scene_heading: "BOTTLE OPENER" CREATURE (LIZARD)
dialog: (aside)
dialog: Go ahead, laugh. If I had a good
dialog: orthodontist, my life woulda been
dialog: different...
text: Fred tosses the "Opener" aside --
scene_heading: 88 UNDER THE COUNTER 88
text: The critter bounces into the shelf, slides... when it re-
text: covers, it realizes that its overbite has been straightened
text: out by the impact. Very happy, it grabs a hat and coat,
dialog: exits.
scene_heading: 89 BACK TO SCENE 89
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: (raising drink)
dialog: Well, here's to...
text: He looks around, sees --
scene_heading: 90 "PHOTO" ON WALL 90
text: It's actually "dots" chipped into a stone. It shows the
text: young Fred, Barney and others gathered around soapbox
text: racers. A banner reads "Junior Buffalo Day."
dialog: 44.
dialog: 91 BACK TO SCENE 91
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Here's to the greatest bunch of
dialog: lifelong Buffaloes a guy could
dialog: dream of leading.
dialog: (an obvious prompt)
dialog: Anybody else got a toast...?
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: 'Here's to the Water Buffalo and
dialog: their next Herdmaster... Fred'!
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Aw, gee, Barn... you shouldn't say
dialog: that...
dialog: (winking)
dialog: ... at least not till after next
dialog: week's election!
speaker_heading: LODGE MEMBER
dialog: Fred, what was all that stuff in
dialog: your speech about the workplace?
dialog: I thought the only decision you
dialog: made there was how many lunches to
dialog: eat --
text: Laughter. Fred accepts it good-naturedly, reaches into
text: his pocket.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Well, Harry, it just so happens
dialog: that old Fred is moving up in the
dialog: world... Boys, you're looking at
text: Mr. Slate's new partner.
speaker_heading: PILTDOWN
dialog: You and Slate? Who are you
dialog: kidding, Flintstone? The only
dialog: partner you got is hanging over
dialog: your belt.
text: Pyrite laughs, a bit too much.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Prepare to eat those words,
dialog: Piltdown.
speaker_heading: PILTDOWN
dialog: -- If I don't, you will --
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: (a tight smile)
dialog: Gentlemen, my card --
text: He passes them out, and the others take them, curious --
dialog: 45.
scene_heading: 92 INSERT - CARD 92
dialog: Of course it's a little stone tablet... but it does
scene_heading: indeed say "SLATE CONSTRUCTION -- F. FLINTSTONE,
scene_heading: ASSISTANT JR. V.P. -- PUBLIC RELATIONS."
dialog: 93 BACK TO SCENE 93
speaker_heading: LODGE MEMBERS
dialog: (AD LIB, impressed)
dialog: Hey, way ta go, Fred... Whoa,
dialog: gonna switch from a hard hat to
dialog: a top hat, Freddy boy...?
speaker_heading: PYRITE
dialog: (examining the card)
dialog: Ah, it's probably a phony...
text: Saying this, he bites down on it... winces as a tooth
dialog: cracks.
speaker_heading: 94 BARNEY 94
text: tugs Fred's sleeve, pulls him close.
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: Gee, Fred, how come I didn't get
dialog: any business cards?
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Barney, it's all part of the plan.
dialog: (to the others)
dialog: Yes, boys, you see, I went up to
dialog: my pal, Mister Slate and single-
dialog: handedly made him an offer he
dialog: couldn't refuse --
dialog: (Barney reacts to the "single-handedly" --)
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: -- 'Freddy boy,' he sez to me,
dialog: 'We gotta talk turkey -- '
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: Fred, we gotta talk turkey --
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: That's right -- just like that --
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: Fred -- !
text: Fred realizes Barney's got something on his mind.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Ah, excuse us, boys...
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: 95 NEW ANGLE 95
text: Fred pulls Barney into a quiet corridor. They stand near
text: a trophy case. There's some bowling trophies here with
text: a variety of names on them. (There's also trophies for
dialog: "pie-eating contests" and "beer drinking chug-offs";
dialog: these have only Fred's name on them.)
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: Fred... what's this single-handed
dialog: stuff? I distinctly remember at
dialog: least four hands and two of them
dialog: were mine.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: (lowered voice)
dialog: Barney, we could tell everyone how
dialog: you invented this Fibrerock stuff,
dialog: how Slate and Lava found out about
dialog: it by accident and all, but what
dialog: would that be?
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: The truth?
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: This is big business, Barney. We
dialog: can't start telling the truth,
dialog: it'd create the wrong impression.
dialog: Think about all the really big
dialog: deals in history -- back to the
dialog: beginning of recorded time.
text: Barney knits his brow in thought for maybe three seconds.
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: What do they all have in common?
dialog: (as Barney is
dialog: stumped)
dialog: I'll tell you. A front man. A
dialog: guy who's out in the public eye
dialog: running the point, fighting the
dialog: crowds... and meanwhile... back
text: in the corner is the silent
dialog: partner.
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: I never knew that.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: That's because the silent partner
dialog: is always silent.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: 95 CONTINUED: 95
speaker_heading: FRED (CONT'D)
dialog: But while you're busy being
dialog: silent --
dialog: (conspiratorially)
dialog: -- all along you're the brains
dialog: behind the operation and I'm the
text: brains in front of the operation.
dialog: I'm out here running the guts of
dialog: the operation but you got a cut.
dialog: It looks like my mind, but you're
dialog: really behind.
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: I get it. I got the brains, but
dialog: you just pretend to have them.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Attaboy!
text: And a confident Fred shakes hands with an unsure "silent
dialog: partner"...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 96 EXT. FLINTSTONE/RUBBLE HOUSES - DAY 96
text: Barney comes out of his front door, heads toward the
text: neighboring driveway and Fred's car. Betty comes out,
text: calls to her husband.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Barney, wait a minute...
speaker_heading: 97 CLOSER 97
text: He stops, turns. Betty comes over and we see he's wear-
text: ing a sports jacket and an abysmally-tied tie. Betty
text: fixes the knot.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: There. That looks more like a
dialog: captain of industry.
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: Thanks, Betty. What would I do
dialog: without you?
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Hmm. Probably run off to the
dialog: tropics with one of those
dialog: executive secretaries.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: 97 CONTINUED: 97
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: Come on, Betty, it's only my
dialog: first day. You have to have
dialog: seniority to run off...
text: She giggles, kisses him.
speaker_heading: 98 FRED 98
text: is at the car door, lunch pail in hand, when Wilma calls
text: out to him.
speaker_heading: WILMA
dialog: Fred! Wait a minute! There's
dialog: something wrong with your lunch --
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: ("weighing it")
dialog: Yeah... it does feel a little
dialog: light...
text: He returns to her, opens the pail, is surprised to find
text: it's empty. Before he can comment, she smilingly
text: presents him with a spanking new briefcase. "F.F" is
text: embossed on it in gold.
speaker_heading: WILMA
dialog: Fit for a king... my king.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Aw, Wilma... lookit, it's got
dialog: buckles, a strap, a lock --
text: He opens it. Inside is a huge drumstick and some ribs.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: -- Baby, you're the greatest.
speaker_heading: WILMA
dialog: (kissing him)
dialog: Good luck.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Watch out for those... you know...
text: hostile takeovers.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: I'm already taken.
text: He moves to the car.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Ah, Mister Rubble, I presume?
dialog: Of the Fibrerock Rubbles?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: 98 CONTINUED: 98
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: Yes, yes. Looking good, Mister
dialog: Flintstone. I see you've
dialog: recovered from that polo accident.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Yas, yas. The water was too
dialog: deep and my horse drowned.
text: They crack up at their own wit, drive off.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 99 SLATE QUARRY - LAVA'S OFFICE - DAY 99
text: Lava's on the phone, very worried.
speaker_heading: LAVA
dialog: Ivan, look, okay, so I bought too
dialog: much on margin... everyone said
dialog: glaciers were here to stay, I
dialog: mean, who knew? Just leverage my
dialog: shares in Atlantis dry goods and
dialog: -- what? When did that happen?
text: Piltdown enters, knocks on the open door.
speaker_heading: PILTDOWN
dialog: Mister Lava, the armored car is
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: LAVA
dialog: Armored car...?
speaker_heading: PILTDOWN
dialog: Yeah. Must be a fortune in
dialog: coo-coo berries on that baby.
dialog: You know, for that Fibrerock
text: stuff of Flintstone and Rubble's.
dialog: You gotta sign here for it.
speaker_heading: LAVA
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: I... I'll get back to you.
text: Lava comes over, signs the form. Meanwhile he looks out
dialog: the window at --
scene_heading: 100 HIS POV - ARMORED CAR 100
text: The guards are unloading sacks of coo-coo berries.
dialog: 50.
scene_heading: 101 BACK TO SCENE 101
text: Lava signs the form, meanwhile looking Piltdown up and
dialog: down. Finally --
speaker_heading: LAVA
dialog: Piltdown, this Fibrerock program
dialog: is going to create a lot of
dialog: changes around the plant. I want
dialog: to make one more. You've been a
dialog: wonderful thug and goon for me.
dialog: Now, I'd like to expand your
dialog: duties. I want you to become a
dialog: provocateur.
speaker_heading: PILTDOWN
dialog: Gee, Mister Lava, I donno. I
dialog: kinda like girls myself.
speaker_heading: LAVA
dialog: (patiently)
dialog: What I mean, is, I'm going to use
dialog: you to double-cross your Lodge and
dialog: Union brothers, and make their
dialog: lives a living hell.
speaker_heading: PILTDOWN
dialog: Oh, okay.
speaker_heading: LAVA
dialog: Good. You and your little pal
dialog: will report directly to me and
dialog: take orders only from me.
dialog: (slapping him on
dialog: the back)
dialog: Now get out of here and start
dialog: screwing your former friends and
dialog: associates.
text: Piltdown leaves, smiling. Lava rubs his chin,
dialog: thoughtful.
speaker_heading: LAVA
dialog: Coo-coo berries...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 102 EXT. QUARRY - DAY 102
text: Fred and Barney appear in Fred's car, make a very quick
text: turn into the quarry lot.
speaker_heading: 103 CLOSER 103
text: They both duck down behind the wheel. A moment later,
text: Feldspar's patrol car comes barrelling by.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: 103 CONTINUED: 103
text: Feldspar looks every which way, doesn't spot them.
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: (when he's gone)
dialog: Gee, Fred, driving with you is
dialog: better than an 'E' ticket at
dialog: Magerock Mountain.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: (getting out)
dialog: Gets the old adrenaline going,
dialog: Barn. Us big executives, we need
dialog: that kind of jolt to get the old
text: wheels turning.
text: Lava comes INTO VIEW, carrying an armload of plans.
speaker_heading: LAVA
dialog: Flintstone! Rubble!
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: Oh, hi, Mister Lava.
speaker_heading: LAVA
dialog: Please, call me Jerry. Uncle --
dialog: I mean, Mister Slate told me to
dialog: take you to your offices. If
dialog: you'll follow me...?
text: They move along. Fred notices a hotbed of activity
text: nearby. Workers move scaffolding, animals labor.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Hey. What's going on?
speaker_heading: LAVA
text: The Fibrerock assembly line.
dialog: Unc -- Mister Slate's had a crew
dialog: working on it all weekend. We're
dialog: going to roll out the first sheets
text: of Fibrerock by mid-week.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Yes, yes. Quick, dynamic entry
dialog: into the marketplace. I approve.
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: But, Fred, it's right where the
dialog: employee basketball court used
dialog: ta be --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: 103 CONTINUED: (2) 103
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Hey, you're right...
dialog: (resigned)
dialog: ... Big business is hell, Barney.
dialog: Trust me... you'll get used to it.
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: I guess so. You already did.
text: Lava leads them to a wood-sided trailer.
speaker_heading: LAVA
dialog: Well, gentlemen, here you are. As
dialog: soon as you're settled, come over
dialog: to the assembly line. We'll go
dialog: over the Fibrerock formula before
dialog: the first run.
text: He goes off. Fred and Barney go --
scene_heading: 104 INSIDE TRAILER 104
text: There're two tiny little desks at the far end, separated
text: by a flimsy divider. The single window here looks out
text: over the quarry scrap heap. (As we watch, somebody dumps
dialog: a load of debris.)
text: Threadbare furniture on a worn rug sits under a portrait
dialog: of "Our Founder" (Slate).
scene_heading: 105 BACK TO SCENE 105
text: Fred and Barney look at all this in turn. Pause. Then
text: they whirl, give each other high-fives.
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: All-right!
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Welcome to the top -- partner.
dialog: And as they shake, we --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 106 MONTAGE - ASSEMBLY LINE - DAY 106
text: Now, accompanied by heroic "industrial"-type MUSIC, we
dialog: see the Fibrerock assembly line in full operation.
dialog: This cannot be described now with appropriate justice,
text: but it involves a series of animal-powered conveyor
text: belts, Rube Goldberg-like funnels, spouts and chutes,
text: and all sorts of gadgets, gizmos, bells and whistles,
dialog: to wit:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: 106 CONTINUED: 106
text: At one end of the building, dino-powered dumpsters and
dialog: lifters drop off all the ingredients; these get stomped/
text: chewed/bashed and otherwise reduced to powder, which is
text: then (courtesy of some squirting Mastodans) mixed with
text: water into a foam, which bubbles through a long sawmill-
text: type trough and is held back by a gate.
text: Meanwhile, we see a sample item (in this case, a stone
text: sofa) as it is placed before two "goatasauruses" which
text: butt heads and smash the sofa between the two halves of
text: a clay mold. When the mold is opened and the sofa tossed
text: aside, Barney appears and personally "aims" the foam
text: trough at a funnel in the top of the mold. Pausing to
text: "taste" the mix, he smiles, then shouts --
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: Ready... aim... fibre!
text: Barney pulls a rope which opens the trough. "Fibrefoam"
text: pours into the mold.
scene_heading: 107 THE CLAY MOLD 107
text: gets "winched" unpwards by monkeys, and then an alliga-
text: torsaurus whaps it with its tail.
speaker_heading: 108 BELOW 108
text: Presto! A Fibrerock copy of the stone sofa drops neatly
text: out of the mold, bounces lightly on the conveyor belt
text: below! It sparkles with the tell-tale celadon-green
text: shimmer of Fibrerock. As it chugs along, the process
text: repeats, and soon a score of identical sofas is in view.
scene_heading: 109 END OF ASSEMBLY LINE 109
text: as a beaming Fred watches, workers easily stack the
text: Fibrerock sofas (often one-handed). Nearby, we see
text: Fibrerock window frames, doors, chairs, etc.
scene_heading: 110 UP ANGLE - SLATE'S OFFICE BALCONY 110
text: Slate and Lava watch the progress, dollar signs in their
dialog: eyes.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 111 LONG MATTE SHOT - SLATE QUARRY - LATE AFTERNOON 111
text: Fibrerock products are stacked up everywhere, stretching
dialog: away like the inventory in Charles Foster Kane's
dialog: warehouse.
dialog: We see everything from Fibrerock bricks to Fibrerock
text: table lamps to Fibrerock toilets. MUSIC OUT.
dialog: 54.
scene_heading: 112 CLOSER - QUARRY YARD 112
text: Fred and Barney, weary, approach each other, shake hands
text: as they view the day's incredible output. Other weary,
text: but proud workers gather around them: Mr. Slate is about
text: to address them from his office balcony.
speaker_heading: SLATE
dialog: Men, this is a proud day for Slate
dialog: Construction. You have seen the
text: first pieces of Fibrerock roll
text: off the assembly line and into
dialog: history... a history you are all
dialog: part of... thanks to your very
dialog: own fellow worker, Fred Flintstone!
scene_heading: 113 WORKERS - FAVORING FRED AND BARNEY 113
text: They cheer Slate's remarks, pat Fred on the back.
scene_heading: 114 BACK TO SCENE 114
speaker_heading: SLATE
dialog: No longer will man and beast bend
text: under the backbreaking load of
dialog: stone and rock and timber...
dialog: because Fibrerock is so light
dialog: that even a child can handle it.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: That's why on Monday we're going
dialog: to hire two dozen children from
dialog: Bedrock Technical Junior High.
dialog: They'll be replacing the 36
dialog: heavy equipment operators, 15
dialog: shaft diggers and 22 laborers
dialog: we're laying off today. Your
dialog: pink slips will be in your final
text: pay envelopes along with a ticket
dialog: to the grand opening of Slate
dialog: City. It's non-transferable,
dialog: so hang on to it. Thank you, and
dialog: have a nice weekend.
scene_heading: 115 THE QUARRY YARD 115
text: The workers stand slack-jawed and stunned.
speaker_heading: WORKER #1
dialog: Laid off --?
speaker_heading: WORKER #2
dialog: Pink slip --?
speaker_heading: WORKER #3
dialog: Thanks to Fred Flintstone?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: 115 CONTINUED: 115
speaker_heading: WORKER #4
dialog: Flintstone! What kinda shop
dialog: steward are you?
text: All eyes swivel and bore into Fred, who is as shocked as
dialog: anyone.
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: Fred. You gotta do something
dialog: about this!
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: I do?
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: I mean, I do, yeah!
text: He squares his shoulders, marches off.
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: (proudly)
dialog: That's my Fred...
scene_heading: 116 INT. SLATE'S OFFICE - DAY 116
text: Slate is practicing hitting golf balls into an automatic
text: putting cup. Lava and some office workers are checking
text: a blueprint against a model of "Slate City" which is made
text: out of Fibrerock. A ball shoots back at Slate, who tees
text: up again.
scene_heading: 117 INSIDE THE PUTTING CUP 117
text: A little MOUSE in a complete hockey outfit jumps to catch
text: the ball. Stopping it with his little hockey stick, the
text: Mouse gasps, raises its hockey mask.
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: Whew. And it's still pre-season.
text: He whaps the ball to Slate again.
scene_heading: 118 BACK TO SCENE 118
text: Slate tees up the ball again. Fred barges in, banging
text: the door. Startled, Slate drives the ball instead of
text: putting it. It sails across the room and SHATTERS a
text: PICTURE of Mrs. Slate.
speaker_heading: SLATE
dialog: (furious)
dialog: Flintstone!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: 118 CONTINUED: 118
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: (undeterred)
dialog: Mr. Slate -- we gotta talk --
speaker_heading: SLATE
dialog: We do, eh? About what?
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: About those guys outside, Mr.
dialog: Slate. Some of 'em, well, they
dialog: been here for years. And you,
dialog: well, you can't lay them off just
dialog: like --
dialog: (snapping fingers)
dialog: -- that!
text: Slate looks at Lava, who shrugs. Slate looks back at
text: Fred, stays surprisingly calm. He toys with the putter,
text: balances it on his palm.
speaker_heading: SLATE
dialog: Of course I can, Fred. I can lay
dialog: them off like --
dialog: (snapping fingers)
dialog: -- that, or like --
dialog: (a different style
dialog: snap)
dialog: -- that, or like --
text: He does a really nifty snap which combines with a buck-
text: and-wing with the putter.
speaker_heading: SLATE
dialog: -- that.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: (bravura slipping)
dialog: Oh, you can, huh?
speaker_heading: LAVA
dialog: Of course he can, Flintstone.
dialog: It's his quarry.
speaker_heading: SLATE
dialog: (still calm, warm)
dialog: That's right. Why --
dialog: (chuckling)
dialog: I could lock the front door and go
dialog: fishing if I wanted!
text: Lava laughs along with the office staff and Slate. Fred
text: chuckles a little to fit in.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: 118 CONTINUED: (2) 118
speaker_heading: SLATE
dialog: (winking)
dialog: Why, I could even fire Lava here
dialog: if I wanted.
text: Lava quivers with mock surprise. Everyone really laughs,
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: SLATE
dialog: Or...
dialog: (wiping away a tear)
dialog: I could fire you, Fred.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: (guffawing)
dialog: Me! Ah, ha, that's rich, Mr.
dialog: Slate, that's --
text: Suddenly Fred stops laughing.
speaker_heading: SLATE
dialog: Flintstone, Lava, here,
dialog: recommended that you be in charge
dialog: of public relations to get
text: Fibrerock off to a good start.
dialog: I'm a member of that public,
dialog: Flintstone, and I have to say...
dialog: this isn't a good start. I'm
dialog: getting a bad feeling about
dialog: Fibrerock. A bad feeling about...
dialog: you. You want that feeling to go
dialog: away, don't you?
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Uh... well, gee, I... uh, yeah.
speaker_heading: SLATE
dialog: Good. Then turn around and walk
dialog: out of here and we'll forget all
dialog: about this.
text: Fred swallows, looks at Lava, goes meekly out.
scene_heading: 119 EXT. QUARRY YARD - DAY 119
text: All the Workers watch expectantly as Fred comes out.
speaker_heading: They AD LIB --
speaker_heading: WORKERS
dialog: Well? What'd he say...? Ol'
dialog: Freddie boy told him a thing or
dialog: two... Probably got us a raise...
dialog: Right, Fred...? Fred...?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: 119 CONTINUED: 119
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Akkk... something... noble... man
dialog: ... job... nose... wheel...
text: shoulder... grindstone... hommm...
dialog: yggggg...
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: (worried)
dialog: Fred?
text: Fred staggers over to his locker, opens it... gets in,
text: and closes the door. We hear a MUFFLED SOB.
speaker_heading: 120 A NEW ANGLE 120
text: As the workers slowly realize the mighty Casey has struck
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 121 EXT. FLINTSTONE &amp; RUBBLE LAWNS - DAY 121
text: Betty and Wilma stand, determined, while the kids gripe.
speaker_heading: PEBBLES
dialog: But, Mommy, I wanna go roller
dialog: skating...
speaker_heading: BAM-BAM
dialog: (mouth full)
dialog: Yeagh... 'hend thugh guys wher
dialog: ghoing --
dialog: (swallow, munch)
dialog: -- to play rockball at Paleolithic
dialog: Park --
text: Betty wipes Bam-Bam's mouth, smiles sweetly.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Well, you're both going to change
dialog: your plans. Your new school is
dialog: going to have a talent show... and
dialog: you're going to have some talent.
speaker_heading: WILMA
dialog: You don't have to win... honorable
dialog: mention or most Kongenial Kids is
dialog: perfectly acceptable.
speaker_heading: PEBBLES
dialog: (aside)
dialog: As long as we beat the pants offa
dialog: Mrs. Slate's nephew...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: 121 CONTINUED: 121
speaker_heading: WILMA
dialog: Young lady, this is not about
dialog: beating pants, this is about
dialog: becoming a well rounded child.
dialog: Now, what kind of act will you do?
speaker_heading: BAM-BAM
dialog: How about a disappearing act?
text: He takes a tentative step away but Betty grabs him.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: We're waiting.
text: Pebbles and Bam-Bam sigh, huddle. We hear snatches of
dialog: discussion...
scene_heading: PEBBLES BAM-BAM
dialog: ... Wanna recite something? Nah, what are we, little
dialog: 'Inky Dinky Spidersaurus...'? kids? How 'bout magic
dialog: tricks? We could cut up a
dialog: newspaper --
speaker_heading: PEBBLES
dialog: But then we'd need a hammer BAM-BAM
dialog: and chisel... oh, what about That dumb thing? You
dialog: that thing with Dino? think so...?
text: Pebbles turns, the decision made.
speaker_heading: PEBBLES
dialog: Okay. We're gonna sing a song
dialog: with Dino.
text: Instantly, on cue, Dino leaps out of nowhere, holding a
text: straw hat and a cane.
text: Wilma and Betty look at each other, skeptical. Bam-Bam
text: reaches into his shirt and takes out a whistle. He blows
dialog: it --
speaker_heading: PEBBLES
dialog: A one-and-a-two and-a --
speaker_heading: 122 WIDER 122
text: MUSIC comes UP and Dino and his little friends do a dance
dialog: routine we will call "The Dino Dance." It is a spectac-
text: ular blend of soft-shoe and the kind of dog-and-pony-show
text: gags usually seen in the circus or on the Ed Sullivrock
dialog: show. Most importantly, the routine includes the
dialog: following:
text: A) Dino leaps back and forth through a hoop.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: 122 CONTINUED: 122
text: B) The kids tie down a jump rope and Dino does a wire
dialog: walk.
text: C) And finally, Dino uses his tail to flip the kids onto
text: his back, culminating in a big "ta-da" after they all
text: slide down the rope for a big finish.
speaker_heading: 123 NEW ANGLE 123
speaker_heading: THE KIDS
dialog: (winding up)
dialog: You can keep the Twist,
dialog: The Frug and Hop
dialog: I don't need to Shimmy,
dialog: I don't need to Bop
dialog: 'Cause I'm doin' doin' doin'
dialog: The Igneous Rock!
text: Panting for breath, Pebbles, Bam-Bam and Dino wait for a
dialog: reaction.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: (to Wilma, impressed)
dialog: Well? Think they're ready for the
dialog: talent show?
speaker_heading: WILMA
dialog: I think they're ready for Rock
dialog: Vegas.
text: As they laugh and hug the kids and Dino, we --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 124 EXT. LODGE HALL - THAT NIGHT 124
speaker_heading: HERDMASTER (V.O.)
dialog: Fellow Water Buffalo. In a few
dialog: moments we will cast our votes for
dialog: the lodge officers.
scene_heading: 125 INT. LODGE HALL 125
text: TIGHT ON Fred as he leans back in his usual chair.
speaker_heading: HERDMASTER
dialog: The election committee will make
dialog: the preparations.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: (confident)
dialog: Since when do you have to prepare
dialog: for a landslide, right, guys?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: 125 CONTINUED: 125
text: Pause as Fred waits for a reply. He turns... SHOT WIDENS
text: as he realizes no one is sitting near him. He looks
dialog: around and sees --
scene_heading: 126 HIS POV - FRED'S POSTER 126
dialog: It's been altered to read "Fred Finkstone." Also added
text: to Fred's image are horns, a beard and other choice
dialog: touches.
scene_heading: 127 BACK TO SCENE 127
text: Fred looks around, sees Barney approaching, having just
text: left a group of angry Buffalo.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Barn -- w-what's going on?
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: They're mad at you, Fred... it's
dialog: understandable, I mean, they all
dialog: got laid off today --
text: Fred crosses to the other guys, puts on a big smile.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Guys, guys, come on now -- what's a
dialog: quarry fulla layoffs got to do with
dialog: a lodge fulla Buffaloes?
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: Is that a riddle? Give me a
dialog: second --
speaker_heading: PYRITE
dialog: (stepping forward)
dialog: I'll tell ya what! Mosta the guys
dialog: in this lodge work for Mr. Slate --
speaker_heading: PILTDOWN
dialog: -- You mean used to work for him --
dialog: until somebody opened their big
dialog: mouth --
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Fellas, come on. We're all big
dialog: boys here --
text: He gestures vaguely towards the outside world, then back
dialog: to the little band of brothers here.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Surely we can separate in our minds
dialog: work, and play... Job, and Lodge...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: 127 CONTINUED: 127
speaker_heading: PILTDOWN
dialog: (pointing at Fred)
text: Candidate and double-crossing back
dialog: stabber?
dialog: (turning)
dialog: Herdmaster! I move we commence
dialog: the meeting... and the election!
speaker_heading: PYRITE
dialog: I second the motion!
speaker_heading: HERDMASTER
dialog: All in favor, say --
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Wait, wait... Your Antlerness,
dialog: please, one second -- !
text: Fred grabs Barney by the shoulder, spins him around,
text: pushes him forward like a refrigerator on a dolly, stands
text: him up center stage.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Barney, you gotta tell the other
dialog: guys what really happened. Tell
dialog: 'em the story behind Fibrerock.
dialog: The true story.
text: The room quiets. Barney clears his throat. Fred waits,
dialog: hopeful.
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: Well, there's not much to tell.
dialog: (trying to remember
dialog: Fred's phraseology)
dialog: True, I got a cut... but Fred's
dialog: got a gut.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: No, no, the rest --!
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: Oh, yeah, I remember! I got the
dialog: mind, but Fred's got the behind.
dialog: Right, Fred?
text: Barney turns, gives Fred a big wink. Fred groans.
speaker_heading: HERDMASTER
dialog: Thank you, Brother Rubble. The
dialog: Buffaloes will now have their
dialog: secret vote.
dialog: (a command)
dialog: Fit... furs!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: 127 CONTINUED: (2) 127
text: Everyone pulls their horned fezzes down over their eyes.
speaker_heading: HERDMASTER
dialog: Paw... ground!
text: Everyone does a bull-like stomp and scrape.
speaker_heading: HERDMASTER
dialog: All for Piltdown, bellow now!
text: The room ECHOES with MOOSE-LIKE SNORTS.
speaker_heading: HERDMASTER
dialog: All for Flintstone, bellow now!
text: Fred snorts, sounding like Herb Alpert's lonely bull.
text: Even under his furry fez we see him "looking around"
text: desperately, hoping to hear one more snort.
text: He kind of sneaks in one more forlorn grunt which fades
text: away... finally, as Fred squirms miserably, there is one
dialog: more lonely snort...
dialog: ... from Barney, of course.
speaker_heading: HERDMASTER
dialog: Order furs!
text: The fezzes come up.
speaker_heading: HERDMASTER
dialog: The snorts have it! Brother
dialog: Piltdown, it is my privilege to
dialog: install you as the new Exalted
dialog: Herdmaster Erect Antler and Big
dialog: Buck of our Lodge. If you'll come
dialog: forward, I will present you with
text: the tokens of office.
text: Cheers and applause as Piltdown goes to the podium.
scene_heading: 128 FAVORING FRED AND BARNEY 128
text: Fred's a broken man. Barney moves over, puts his arm
text: around him.
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: I voted for you, Fred.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Big deal, after you screwed
dialog: everything up in the first
dialog: place...!
text: Barney reacts, really hurt. He moves away on the bench.
text: Fred's so agitated he doesn't even realize it.
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: 129 WIDER 129
text: Piltdown accepts the festooned fez and shoulder ribbon,
text: smiles at the group.
speaker_heading: PILTDOWN
dialog: Thank you, Brother Chairman.
dialog: Fellow Buffaloes, I'm a man of few
dialog: words. It's no secret that most
dialog: of our lodge members are also
dialog: members of Amalgamated Neolithic
dialog: 101... which means that most of us
dialog: aren't gonna be able to make our
dialog: cave payments next month. So my
dialog: agenda for tonight... ends right
dialog: now. There's a time to be a
dialog: Buffalo... there's a time ta be a
dialog: brown nosin' double-crossin'
dialog: creep...
text: All heads turn and swivel to look at Fred... swivel back.
speaker_heading: PILTDOWN
dialog: ... and there's a time to stand up
dialog: and be a man! So let's go down
dialog: there and make the Slate shop into
dialog: slate scrap... then we'll see how
dialog: he gets along without the heavy
dialog: equipment operators of Neolithic
dialog: 101! Meeting adjourned!
text: With angry grumbles and threats, the meeting breaks up.
text: Fezzes are thrown into cubby holes and hard hats are
text: slapped on. The Buffalo run out.
text: When the dust clears, we see that only one member has
dialog: avoided the herding instinct: Barney.
text: Now, he turns, runs into --
scene_heading: 130 BUFFALO LODGE - RECREATION AREA - NIGHT 130
text: Fred is at the bar, opening a beer. He looks wistfully
text: at the old, framed picture on the wall -- reacts as he
dialog: sees --
speaker_heading: 131 PICTURE 131
text: Even his childhood shot has been defaced.
scene_heading: 132 BACK TO SCENE 132
text: He sets his jaw with a "screw 'em" expression, downs his
text: beer. Then Barney runs up, shakes him by the shoulders.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: 132 CONTINUED: 132
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: Fred! Fred! The Buffalo are
dialog: heading for big trouble -- !
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: No kidding. They rejected the
dialog: best candidate --
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: No, no, not that! Piltdown's got
dialog: the guys all worked up and they're
dialog: heading down to the quarry!
dialog: They're gonna wreck the assembly
dialog: line!
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: (genuinely worried)
dialog: Oh, no! That -- that's horrible!
dialog: (pause)
dialog: We could end up with half a
dialog: percent of nothing!
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: No, Fred, if they do that they'll
dialog: be breakin' the law! Our brother
dialog: Buffalo could go to jail!
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Oh, yeah, yeah, that, too... come
dialog: on, Barn, we gotta stop 'em!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 133 EXT. SLATE QUARRY - NIGHT 133
text: Silent, empty. CAMERA PANS FROM the still yard TO the
text: gate. Down the road, we see Piltdown leading the angry
text: mob. Quickly, they go to the gate, climb up and over it!
speaker_heading: PILTDOWN
dialog: Okay! Let's start with Slate's
dialog: golf trophies and work our way
dialog: up to the assembly line!
text: AD LIB angry cheers, and the mob storms into the plant,
text: knocking aside equipment and supplies.
scene_heading: 134 IN CAR - FRED AND BARNEY - NIGHT 134
text: Both pedaling like mad.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: 134 CONTINUED: 134
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: I don't believe this... how did
dialog: things ever get this out of
dialog: hand -- ?
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: I know. Makes you wish things
dialog: were back the way they were...
dialog: before we was big executives.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Well, I wouldn't go that far...
text: Suddenly they're interrupted by the sound of a SIREN.
text: Fred looks back and sees --
scene_heading: 135 FELDSPAR AND GRAVEL 135
text: Coming up from rear. Feldspar grabs his megaphone as he
text: pulls abreast of Fred.
speaker_heading: FELDSPAR
dialog: Flintstone! Pull over!
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Oh, no, not now...
text: Feldspar signals Fred onto the shoulder. Fred smiles,
dialog: nods...
scene_heading: 136 CLOSE ON FRED'S FEET 136
text: He slams them down through the floorboard --
speaker_heading: 137 WIDER 137
text: Fred's CAR SKIDS, spins out, whirling around like a
text: record on a turntable. It jerks to a halt 180 degrees
text: later, and then ROARS off in the opposite direction.
speaker_heading: 138 FELDSPAR 138
text: So astonished he follows this action with his head... a
dialog: bad move because --
speaker_heading: GRAVEL
dialog: Sarge! Look out -- !
speaker_heading: 139 NEW ANGLE 139
text: The patrol CAR runs off the road, CRASHING into a stone
text: fire hydrant. Water squirts into the air. Feldspar and
text: Gravel are drenched. They're just coming to their senses
text: when the ground heaves -- the car's front wheels rise --
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: 140 NEW ANGLE 140
text: As we see that the water spout is actually coming from
text: the blowhole of a whale which now sticks a bit of its
text: head up from under the broken curb.
speaker_heading: WHALE
dialog: I'm gonna sue you for everything
dialog: you got --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 141 SLATE QUARRY - NIGHT 141
text: Led by Piltdown, the workers have grabbed a big timber
text: which they're using like a battering ram on the doors of
text: the assembly line building. Suddenly, with a crash, the
text: doors go down! Piltdown and Pyrite stand back while the
text: angry workers rush past them.
speaker_heading: PILTDOWN
dialog: (loudly)
dialog: Now we'll show 'em who's boss!
speaker_heading: PYRITE
dialog: They can't push us around!
text: Piltdown and Pyrite smash a few items to get everybody
dialog: juiced up, and then... when no one is looking...
dialog: ... they slip out the back!
scene_heading: 142 REAR OF QUARRY - NIGHT 142
text: Fred pulls into the lot, slams his feet down to stop --
text: we hear SKIDDING -- they fishtail all over, slam right
text: through a storage area for crates and barrels which
text: collapse all around them.
text: Finally they slam broadside into the main Quarry build-
text: ing, knocking a hole in the wall.
speaker_heading: 143 NEW ANGLE 143
text: Fred and Barney cough in the rising dust. Neither one of
text: them sees what we see, which is that visible in the hole
text: in the wall is the Slate Company's granite-doored safe...
text: ... and right beside it is the Xenosaurus, which now
text: jumps up, startled, dropping a crowbar and a big hand
dialog: drill.
text: Recovering its composure, the Xenosaurus grabs up the
text: tools as well as a big canvas bag and tiptoes away,
text: vanishing just as our heroes stir.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: 143 CONTINUED: 143
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: (double-taking)
dialog: Barn! Did you see that -- ?
dialog: (peering through
dialog: the dust)
dialog: -- Huh, now it's gone... I
dialog: coulda sworn...
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: Come on Fred. Time to earn those
dialog: big bucks.
text: They rush into the plant.
scene_heading: 144 INT. ASSEMBLY LINE - NIGHT 144
text: As the workers continue their rampage, Piltdown and
text: Pyrite reappear.
speaker_heading: PYRITE
dialog: Darn that Flintstone and Rubble...
dialog: they're gonna screw everything
dialog: up...
speaker_heading: PILTDOWN
dialog: Not if we give 'em a nice long
dialog: vacation... in the hospital.
text: Saying this, he grips tightly on a wrench. Then some
text: rampaging workers rush by. Piltdown gives them an encour-
text: aging cheer, and then he and Pyrite lead them up some
text: stairs to the assembly line catwalk. There, Pyrite
text: begins SMASHING some LIGHT FIXTURES with a club, while
text: Piltdown uses brute strength to snap big support beams
text: which he flings below.
scene_heading: 145 CLOSE - PYRITE 145
text: Winds up for another baseball-type swing -- but as he
text: follows through, the ball-shaped light fixture jerks up
text: on its cable. Unable to stop in time, Pyrite spins
text: around, falls on his ass.
text: Barney drops down INTO VIEW, hanging horizontally from
text: the rafters. He's holding the light fixture with his
dialog: free hand.
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: Stee-rike one! Heh-hey. Ready
dialog: for a curve ball?
text: Pyrite doesn't have a sense of humor; club in hand,
text: he jumps up, starts chasing Barney through the rafters.
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: 146 PILTDOWN 146
text: Spits on his hand, grabs another big beam. He pulls down
text: on it... but it doesn't snap, it goes right up again.
text: Puzzled, he pulls down on it again... there's another
dialog: see-saw motion...
text: ... This time Piltdown goes with the flow, pushes up and
text: peers under the beam...
speaker_heading: 147 NEW ANGLE 147
text: Fred is hanging on the other end.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Brother Piltdown... can we talk
dialog: about this, antler to antler?
text: Piltdown roars, begins slamming the girder up and down.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Guess not...
text: Fred inches down the shuddering beam, jumps off. Freed
text: of Fred's weight, the other end "BOINGS" down on
text: Piltdown's head. He groans, recovers in time to chase
dialog: after Fred.
scene_heading: 148 BARNEY AND PYRITE 148
text: Square off in the rafters.
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: Give me your best shot.
text: Pyrite swings. Barney ducks and Pyrite SMASHES a WINDOW
text: pane. Barney dodges again and the same thing happens.
text: Getting cocky, Barney does it one more time...
text: ... but this time the window is hinged in the center and
text: the swivel action after the hit whaps Barney on the back
text: and knocks him into Pyrite's next blow.
speaker_heading: 149 FRED 149
text: Is backpedaling away from Piltdown on the upper super-
text: structure of the assembly line. Fred scrapes one foot in
text: an arc in front of him.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Dare you to cross that line.
text: Piltdown crosses it.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: That line.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: 149 CONTINUED: 149
text: Piltdown crosses it. Fred "marks" another one. Piltdown
text: doesn't even wait for the challenge, takes a giant step.
dialog: Oops. Bad idea: The last "line" was at the edge of a
text: straight drop! Piltdown yelps, "treads air" in the best
text: cartoon manner -- and then desperately grabs a handful of
text: Fred's clothing! Both men fall -- at the last minute
dialog: Piltdown catches a ladder!
scene_heading: 150 BELOW - ASSEMBLY LINE 150
text: Fred lands with a thud right in the clay mold used to
dialog: form the Fibre products! Worse, the impact arouses the
text: goatasauruses out of their sleep. Dutifully, they rise,
text: and then ram both sides of the mold just as Fred is
text: struggling to his feet! Fred's yell is muffled by the
dialog: clay.
scene_heading: 151 OTHER ASSEMBLY LINE ANIMALS 151
text: Aroused by the "start up" of the assembly line, they do
text: their job. Fibre foam begins to chug down the trough:
text: The alligator crane picks up the mold, shakes it.
speaker_heading: 152 FRED 152
text: is flung to the conveyor belt, stiffly caked in clay.
scene_heading: 153 THE FIBRE MOLD 153
text: shudders -- and shakes out a Fibre statue of... Fred!
speaker_heading: 154 BELOW 154
text: The real Fred, moving stiffly like a robot, is getting
text: to his feet when his Fibre doppleganger slams him to the
text: mat again! A moment later, another "Fred" drops down
text: beside him.
speaker_heading: 155 PILTDOWN 155
text: Has descended the ladder, hopping mad. Now, he sees
text: Fred coming toward him... Piltdown breaks a big lever off
text: the equipment, swings -- reacts astonished as "FRED"
speaker_heading: SHATTERS.
speaker_heading: 156 FRED 156
text: Back down the line, he's seen this. His clay-caked
text: Adam's apple gulps. Quickly, he turns and tries to
text: "tip-toe" away -- then, with a CREAK and CRUNCH -- the
text: clay and Fibre all over him solidifies! Desperate, he
dialog: tries to move... can't!
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: 157 PILTDOWN 157
text: Watches, confused, as dozens of Fred Flintstones chug
text: towards him on the belt. He shrugs, smashes the next
text: one in line. Another phoney. He smashes the next one...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 158 UP ABOVE - BARNEY 158
text: Dodging Pyrite's renewed attack. Now, Barney becomes
text: aware of the activated assembly line. Getting an idea,
text: he moves behind an inspection table, grabs a big rubber
dialog: stamp.
text: Pyrite comes around the corner... Barney's head butts him
text: in the gut, dodges under his legs! Then, as Pyrite
text: stumbles, Barney stamps his ass with the word "REJECT."
text: Pyrite looks back, sees this, reddens... raises his club.
speaker_heading: PYRITE
dialog: Reject, huh? Whaddya say we
dialog: reject your head?
text: He raises the club... when an alligator swings down and
text: grabs him by the seat of his pants! Pyrite drops the
dialog: club, howls --
speaker_heading: 159 WIDER 159
text: The alligator crane swings him away and over a big bin
text: marked REJECTS -- and drops him.
text: Howling, Pyrite falls into a big bin of broken and
dialog: defective Fibrerock goods.
speaker_heading: 160 BARNEY 160
text: Chuckles to himself... and then looks down, reacts.
text: CAMERA ADJUSTS and we see that Piltdown has smashed yet
text: another of the duplicate Freds.
text: Worried, Barney looks around, sees that he's just above
text: the Fibrefoam chute. Without another thought, he jumps
text: into it -- slides downward like a passenger on the
dialog: Magerock Mountain Log Flume ride --
speaker_heading: 161 BELOW 161
text: Piltdown is about to swing at the real Fred -- when
text: Barney sails out of the end of the chute and slams into
text: him and Fred! All three of them roll across the floor
dialog: towards --
dialog: 72.
scene_heading: 162 THE END OF THE BUILDING 162
text: where a squad of policemen has just appeared -- led by a
text: dripping wet Feldspar and Gravel!
speaker_heading: FELDSPAR
dialog: All right! You're all under arr --
text: Wham! Barney, Fred and Piltdown roll right into the
dialog: cops, who go flying like (what else?) tenpins, complete
dialog: with appropriate sound.
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: (sitting up)
dialog: Whattya know. Even got the spare
dialog: again...
text: Then he gasps as he looks over at Fred, whose head has
dialog: just fallen off!
text: Pause. Fred's real head slowly pokes up out of the clay
text: and Fibre shoulders. Before he can extricate himself
text: further, Feldspar and his men are dragging them out of
dialog: the building.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 163 INT. BEDROCK POLICE STATION - NIGHT 163
text: Wooden bars delineate the holding cells. "Wanted"
text: posters of stone are hanging on the walls.
text: As we watch, the contrite buffalos are bailed out by
text: friends and relations. Wilma and Betty are just now
text: clunking down stone money on the night sergeant's desk.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Barney, I don't understand... what
dialog: came over you boys?
speaker_heading: EXITING BUFFALO
dialog: 'Night, Barney.
dialog: (to Fred)
dialog: So long, fatso.
speaker_heading: BUFFALO #2
dialog: See ya, Barn.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Flintstone, you're dead meat.
speaker_heading: BUFFALO #2
dialog: 'Night, pal. 'Night, slimeball.
speaker_heading: WILMA
dialog: Fred, is there something you want
dialog: to tell me about the lodge meeting?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: 163 CONTINUED: 163
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: I don't wanna talk about it.
dialog: Besides, who cares about a bunch
text: of jerks running around with furs
dialog: on their heads? I'm more of a
dialog: country club guy myself anyway...
text: He goes out, hardly looking at Barney. Wilma and Betty
text: look at each other, mystified... then Wilma follows Fred
text: out, puzzled.
scene_heading: 164 EXT. POLICE STATION - NIGHT 164
text: Lava stands in the shadows beside his Porscherock.
text: Piltdown and Pyrite are with him. In the b.g., Fred and
text: Wilma drive away.
speaker_heading: LAVA
dialog: A simple little heist -- I gave
dialog: you everything but the keys and
dialog: you blew it --
speaker_heading: PILTDOWN
dialog: Hey, we got the union guys to
text: break in and create a distraction,
dialog: didn't we? Who knew Flintstone
dialog: and Rubble would show up, too?
speaker_heading: LAVA
text: The day after Slate City opens
dialog: there's going to be an audit. If
dialog: the stuff isn't gone by then we'll
dialog: all be doing time until the
dialog: Bronze Age.
speaker_heading: PYRITE
dialog: Don't worry, Mister Lava... we're
text: on top of it.
text: They both turn and start down an alley... jamming
text: together as they do. Lava sighs... then jumps as Barney
text: comes up behind him and taps him on the shoulder.
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: Excuse me, Mister Lava -- ? I
dialog: think you oughta know... something
dialog: could be wrong with the Fibrerock
dialog: mix.
speaker_heading: LAVA
dialog: (thrown)
dialog: How do you know that?
dialog: (recovering)
dialog: I mean... ah, why do you say that?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: 164 CONTINUED: 164
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: It tastes different.
speaker_heading: LAVA
dialog: Tastes... different?
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: Yup. See, ever since I started
dialog: with Fibrerock -- I mean, since
dialog: me and Fred started with it, I
dialog: always take a little taste of the
dialog: Fibre foam. And tonight's batch,
dialog: well... I didn't get much of it,
text: but it seems a little off.
dialog: (smacking his lips)
dialog: Can't fool the old taste buds,
dialog: heh-heh. I think there might be
dialog: an ingredient missing. So
dialog: tomorrow, I'll run a couple of
dialog: tests and stuff --
speaker_heading: LAVA
dialog: Rubble, Rubble! We're fighting a
dialog: deadline to finish Slate City...
dialog: and we're not pulling the plug on
dialog: production to satisfy your
dialog: tastebuds! If you ask me, you
dialog: and your tastebuds are overworked
dialog: ... overwrought... how long have
dialog: you been with us, anyway?
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: Nine days, Mister Lava.
speaker_heading: LAVA
dialog: Jumping Jurrasic, no wonder you're
dialog: so run down.
text: He puts his arm around Barney, leads him towards the
text: car where Betty is waiting.
speaker_heading: LAVA
dialog: I'm authorizing a nice vacation
dialog: for you, Rubble. Starting
dialog: tomorrow. You can catch some rays,
dialog: maybe invent something... hey,
dialog: how about Fibrerock, the sequel,
dialog: part II -- ?
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: But --
speaker_heading: LAVA
dialog: No, don't try and thank me.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 75.
scene_heading: 165 INT. SLATE'S OFFICE - DAY 165
text: Slate and Lava are examining a newer and larger model of
dialog: Slate City. It's even more grandiose than its
text: predecessor. Now the housing development has two huge
text: office buildings beside it, and then a convention center
dialog: beyond that.
speaker_heading: LAVA
dialog: ... As you can see, the Fibrerock
dialog: is so light we're using it for
dialog: construction, for furnishings...
dialog: for everything. You can't stack
dialog: a two-bedroom cave this high...
dialog: but the sky's the limit with
dialog: Fibrerock!
speaker_heading: SLATE
dialog: 'Sky's the limit'... 'sky's the
dialog: limit'... why, these two buildings,
dialog: they... they practically scrape
dialog: the sky! We should call them...
dialog: Slate scrapers!
speaker_heading: LAVA
dialog: That's brilliant, Unc... Mister
dialog: Slate. In fact, maybe you can
dialog: help me with the centerpiece of
dialog: the complex...
dialog: (indicating the
dialog: convention center)
dialog: ... I wanna call 'em the
dialog: FibreSphere and the '____'
dialog: something Needle... but I just
dialog: can't...
speaker_heading: SLATE
dialog: (modestly)
dialog: How about, 'Slate Needle'?
speaker_heading: LAVA
dialog: 'Slate Need...'
dialog: (astonished)
dialog: ... How do you keep coming up
dialog: with these? It's uncanny.
speaker_heading: SLATE
dialog: (shrugging)
dialog: It's a gift...
speaker_heading: LAVA
dialog: (casually)
dialog: Oh, that reminds me, sign these,
dialog: will you... just a few overruns
dialog: ... minor cost problems... that's
dialog: it... thank you...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: 165 CONTINUED: 165
text: Slate's so busy admiring his moment to himself he hardly
text: listens to what Lava's saying, just runs his stylus
text: through the wet clay of the statements, meanwhile
text: "framing" the model city in his hands.
speaker_heading: LAVA
dialog: (heading for the
dialog: door)
dialog: ... Oh, Mister Slate, we're going
dialog: to hold the Bedrock Junior Talent
dialog: Show in the uh, 'Slate Needle.'
dialog: Good for public relations --
text: Lava breaks off. He's just looked out the window and
dialog: seen --
scene_heading: 166 LAVA'S POV - QUARRY BELOW WINDOW 166
text: A small figure appears behind some of the equipment,
text: tiptoeing from console to cabinet and thus towards
dialog: the assembly line.
text: Wearing sunglasses with attached nose and a hook-on
text: beard, it at first appears to be some sort of bizarre
dialog: hermit or bum... and then we realize, hey, this is
dialog: Barney!
speaker_heading: 167 LAVA 167
text: Looks around, spots Piltdown and Pyrite, now resplendent
text: in security guard uniforms. Lava whistles softly to get
text: their attention, can't. Then he sees one of Slate's
text: golf trophies. He shrugs, throws it.
scene_heading: 168 BELOW - PILTDOWN 168
text: Reacts as the trophy bounces off his head, then looks up
text: to see Lava gesticulating. Piltdown nods, grabs Pyrite
dialog: in tow.
speaker_heading: 169 BARNEY 169
text: Looking around carefully, Barney takes out a Thermos
text: bottle, unscrews the top, and quickly dunks it into the
text: Fibrerock foam. Then he tiptoes O.S., right into the
dialog: massive bulk of --
speaker_heading: 170 PILTDOWN 170
text: -- who looks down at him with a big smile, Pyrite at his
dialog: side.
speaker_heading: PILTDOWN
dialog: Can we help you... sir?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: 170 CONTINUED: 170
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: (fake crotchety voice)
dialog: Ah, yup, yup, young feller... jest
dialog: show me the way to the personnel
dialog: office... I'm lookin' fer a job
dialog: as a custodian...
speaker_heading: PYRITE
dialog: Our pleasure.
text: Then they grab Barney with such force that the THERMOS
text: drops and SHATTERS, drag him O.S. --
scene_heading: 171 SLATE QUARRY - MAIN GATE - DAY 171
text: Barney is tossed outside, landing in a heap amidst the
text: picketing workers of Neolithic 101.
speaker_heading: PILTDOWN
dialog: (chuckling)
dialog: Ya can start by cleaning the
dialog: street with your pants!
text: Still laughing, Piltdown and Pyrite cross over to Lava,
text: who has come out of the office building.
speaker_heading: LAVA
dialog: That takes care of the half-pint.
dialog: (pause)
text: Now to deal with the half-wit.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 172 INT. LAVA'S OFFICE - DAY 172
text: Lava walks Fred from the door into the color-coordinated
text: high-style room.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: (on the move)
dialog: ... But Barney doesn't want to
dialog: take a vacation -- he says he's
dialog: gotta be here to check up on the
dialog: Fibrefoam --
speaker_heading: LAVA
dialog: (pointedly)
dialog: -- Oh? Or check up on us?
text: Emotionally, Lava turns, indicates a picture of Slate on
dialog: the wall.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: 172 CONTINUED: 172
speaker_heading: LAVA
dialog: Flintstone, that... that's a slap
dialog: in the face of our founder... our
dialog: employer... our uncle.
dialog: (turning back,
dialog: another tone)
dialog: Unless, of course, you agree with
dialog: Rubble... that Mister Slate isn't
dialog: capable of running this operation
dialog: ... that I'm not capable of
dialog: running it?
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: (nervous)
dialog: Of course not, Mister Lava.
dialog: But --
speaker_heading: LAVA
dialog: Call me Jerry. Sit down, please...
text: Fred complies. Lava winces as his designer FURNITURE
text: CREAKS under Fred's weight, but he only says --
speaker_heading: LAVA
dialog: (offering one)
dialog: ... Cigar?
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Why, yeah, sure, Jerry.
speaker_heading: LAVA
dialog: Fred, let me get to the bottom
dialog: slime. Some men -- you and me,
dialog: for instance -- we're cut out for
dialog: the big time, the big bucks...
dialog: (eyeing Fred's
dialog: girth)
dialog: ... the big everything.
text: Lava smiles, prepares the tips on two cigars. He puts
text: each one in turn in a gizmo on his desk.
speaker_heading: 173 CLOSER - GIZMO 173
text: It's actually a frame supporting a little LIZARD. The
text: Lizard bites the tip off the cigar, practically chokes
text: on it, finally manages to spit it out with difficulty.
speaker_heading: LIZARD
dialog: (aside)
dialog: When they say smoking is bad for
dialog: your health, they're not kidding...
dialog: 79.
scene_heading: 174 BACK TO SCENE 174
speaker_heading: LAVA
dialog: And others? Wellll...
text: Now Lava takes out a lighter, leans across the desk.
scene_heading: 175 CLOSER - LIGHTER 175
text: As Lava works the mechanism, two wooden twigs rub rapidly
text: across each other and ignite.
dialog: 176 BACK TO SCENE 176
speaker_heading: LAVA
dialog: ... Now, I know your pal Barney
dialog: had a small part in the preliminary
dialog: research and development of
dialog: Fibrerock...
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Well, actually, I wouldn't say
dialog: small part... I'd say...
speaker_heading: LAVA
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: ... Kind of a medium-sized... well,
dialog: almost medium-sized... well, really
text: a semi-partial assistant counsulting
dialog: type, of --
speaker_heading: LAVA
dialog: (giving Fred a
dialog: playful punch)
dialog: You're too kind, Flintstone,
dialog: that's what I like about you.
dialog: But you're a big guy with a big
dialog: decision to make. Are you gonna
dialog: keep covering for Barney, keep
text: pulling his acornsauruses out of
dialog: the fire... or are you going to
dialog: concentrate on your own important
dialog: duties?
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Well, gee, that's tough one --
dialog: (pause)
dialog: -- Uh, what are my important duties?
speaker_heading: LAVA
dialog: Publicity, Flintstone, publicity!
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: 176 CONTINUED: 176
speaker_heading: LAVA (CONT'D)
dialog: And that's why I've got a little
dialog: surprise for you... for the man
dialog: who made Fibrerock a household
dialog: word, I want you to meet the man
dialog: who's going to make you a household
dialog: word...
text: Lava throws the door open. Fred's jaw drops as he
dialog: sees --
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: R-rockin' Leach?
text: Indeed, it is he, and he smiles, extends his hands.
speaker_heading: LEACH
dialog: 'Ello, Fred. I've 'eard a lot
dialog: h'about you from Mister Lava.
dialog: H'at's why we're going to put you
dialog: on our program.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: M-me? On -- on television?
speaker_heading: LAVA
text: (patting his back,
dialog: sotto)
dialog: Right, Fred. As long as you
dialog: forget all this nonsense about
dialog: Barney.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: (still in a dazed
dialog: thrill)
dialog: Barney who?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 177 EXT. FLINTSTONE HOUSE - DAY 177
text: Three big dino-mounted trucks are parked in front. You
text: have to read the words on all three: "ROCKSTYLES OF..."
text: "THE RICH..." "AND FAMOUS."
text: Technicians roll out gear, set up big spotlights, etc.
scene_heading: 178 CLOSER - YARD 178
text: Rockin' Leach is surveying the place with an aide. Fred
text: and Wilma are with them. Leach makes a "frame" with his
text: hands, "pans" the area.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: 178 CONTINUED: 178
speaker_heading: LEACH
dialog: Hmm. Lovely little guest 'ouse,
dialog: Mister Flintstone. So simple,
dialog: so ordinary, so unexceptional...
dialog: why, h'it's almost quaint. Let's
dialog: say we start with the camera 'ere,
dialog: except...
text: Leach breaks off, looks over the fence at the Rubble
text: homestead. He shakes his head sadly.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: W-what's wrong?
speaker_heading: LEACH
dialog: Well, just look at that yard over
dialog: there... barbecues and trikes, not
dialog: exactly the right image...
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: Maybe you could move those plants
dialog: to block them out...?
speaker_heading: LEACH
dialog: Good idea. Rodney, get 'hoppin'
dialog: with those greens.
text: The aide nods, gathers some workers. They start moving
text: the potted plants. Puzzled, Wilma comes over.
speaker_heading: WILMA
dialog: Fred, this was supposed to be a
dialog: 'typical evening' at the
dialog: Flintstones, and you invited fifty
dialog: people I don't even know. Now
dialog: what's going on? Where are they
dialog: taking my ficus-sauruses?
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: It's the Rubble yard, Wilma. It's
dialog: just not the right image...
text: He starts away, suddenly notices his own barbecue and
text: trikes... quickly, without missing a stride, he tosses
text: a tarp over them, slides a potted plant over for good
dialog: measure.
scene_heading: 179 BARNEY AND BETTY'S HOUSE - SAME TIME 179
text: Betty, hair and face done, but still in a slip, is
text: putting a reluctant Bam-Bam into a cute little blazer.
text: In the f.g., Barney finishes tying a black tie, then
text: struggles into a dinner jacket.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: 179 CONTINUED: 179
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: I don't know why you want to go
dialog: to this thing... after the way
dialog: Fred's been treating you lately --
speaker_heading: BARNEY
text: Fred's in a high-powered
dialog: executive job, Betty. There's a
dialog: lot of pressure on him.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Yeah... and it's all around his
dialog: belt. If it wasn't for poor Wilma
dialog: I wouldn't give him the Geological
dialog: Time --
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: Trust me, Betty. After the
dialog: Fibrerock debut, he'll be the same
dialog: old Fred.
text: Both react to the sound of HAMMERING and SAWING.
text: Curious, they go out the sliding bedroom door into the
dialog: yard and see --
scene_heading: 180 THEIR POV - THE FENCE 180
text: The television crew has just finished nailing boards up
text: over the top of the fence. Now the big potted plants
text: are dropped into place. With each hammer stroke or thud
text: a little more of the late afternoon sun is shut off
text: until Barney and Betty are in shadow.
text: Finally a canvas tarp is tossed as gracefully as pizza
text: dough, sails into the Rubble yard and covers their bird
text: bath. One last stray end lands on Barney's head.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 181 QUICK CUTS - FLINTSTONE YARD - ANGLE ON "KLEIG LIGHTS" 181
text: Inside each one, a little BIRD in hardhat and smoked
text: visor lights up the arc, gets knocked on his butt when
dialog: it catches.
speaker_heading: BIRD
dialog: (slowly getting up)
dialog: I've heard of a flash in the pan,
dialog: but this is ridiculous...
speaker_heading: 182 ON DINO 182
text: He's squirming uncomfortably under the attentions of two
text: crew members who are busy with scissors and combs and
dialog: brushes.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: 182 CONTINUED: 182
text: Finally, they're done and leave him.
text: He has been cut and trimmed like a French poodle. He
text: gets a glimpse of himself in the swimming pool and freaks
text: out. Then he arches his back, shakes out the hairstyle.
scene_heading: 183 CLOSER ON ROCKIN' LEACH 183
text: The MAIN TITLE of the show can be heard O.S.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER (O.S.)
dialog: And now... the man who brings you
dialog: the romance and excitement you
dialog: crave... from the casinos of
dialog: Monte Carlrock to the glamour of
dialog: Hollyrock, here's your guide to
dialog: the Rockstyles of the Rich and
dialog: Famous, Rockin' Leach!
text: Leach takes his cue from the director --
speaker_heading: LEACH
speaker_heading: (INTO CAMERA)
dialog: Good evening. Tonight we come
dialog: to you live from the ah... charming
dialog: pied a terre of the man of the
dialog: 'our, Fred Flintstone --
text: Leach pauses, hearing the sound of someone CHIPPING AWAY
text: at a stone tablet... he looks up at --
speaker_heading: 184 HIS POV - FRED 184
text: He has just carved "FREDERICK" into a stone cue card
text: and points to it.
scene_heading: 185 BACK TO SCENE 185
speaker_heading: LEACH
dialog: 'Ere we are at the 'ome of
dialog: Bedrock's man o' the 'our,
dialog: Frederick Flint--
text: More CHIPPING. Leach looks up and sees:
speaker_heading: 186 HIS POV - FRED 186
text: Now he's carved something grander. Leach sighs, goes
dialog: on.
speaker_heading: LEACH
dialog: 'Ere we are at the fabulous 'ome
dialog: of Bedrock's man o' the 'our,
dialog: Frederick von Flintstone --
dialog: 84.
scene_heading: 187 NEAR THE HOUSE 187
text: Barney and Betty appear, Bam-Bam in tow. They come out
text: into the yard. Betty waves at Wilma, who comes over,
dialog: whispers.
speaker_heading: WILMA
dialog: Thank heaven. There isn't one
dialog: person I know here.
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: You mean beside Fred?
speaker_heading: WILMA
dialog: I mean including Fred.
text: They look over at --
speaker_heading: 188 THE SET 188
text: Where Leach has pulled Fred on camera. Fred is posing,
text: fluffing his ascot, etc. We notice a "FVF" embroidered
text: patch on his jacket.
speaker_heading: LEACH
dialog: Frederick, of course, is the man
dialog: behind Fibrerock -- the invention
dialog: that some predict will
dialog: revolutionize life in the future.
dialog: Frederick, 'ow does it feel to
dialog: know that you 'ave personally
dialog: brought the Stone Age as we know
dialog: it to a long-deserved end?
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: (very affected accent)
dialog: Well, Rockin', you're right, I
dialog: have affected destiny for all
dialog: mankind, and it's a sobering
dialog: thought. However, if I may add a
dialog: personal note at this time, I
dialog: myself cannot personally take
dialog: all the credit for Fibrerock...
scene_heading: 189 WILMA, BARNEY, BETTY 189
dialog: react with hopeful expressions --
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: (sotto, to them)
dialog: See? What'd I tell ya?
dialog: 85.
scene_heading: 190 BACK TO SCENE 190
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: No, I could never have done it
dialog: without the inspiration and
dialog: support of a very special person.
dialog: I'm speaking, of course, of my
dialog: close friend and associate,
dialog: Mister Slate, founder and C.E.O.
dialog: of Slate Construction...
scene_heading: 191 WILMA, BARNEY, BETTY 191
text: Barney's face falls. So do Wilma and Betty's.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 192 EXT. SLATE CITY - NIGHT 192
dialog: Slate City! In the far future, Manhattan will have New
dialog: Jersey... Philadelphia will have Levittown... L.A. will
dialog: have Burbank... but today Bedrock has... Slate City!
scene_heading: 193 CLOSE ON "SLATE NEEDLE" AND FIBRESPHERE 193
text: Both decorated in pennants and bunting, connected to each
text: other by a gangway six stories up. Block letters on the
dialog: Fibresphere proclaim "Slate Construction brings you THE
text: WONDERFUL WORLD OF FIBRE." A heroic statue of Slate
text: himself stands close by the structures. (Sphere and
text: needle, of course, are dead on parodies of the Trylon
text: and Perisphere, centerpieces of the '39 World's Fair.)
text: A limousine pedaled by two chauffeurs pulls up. Mr. and
text: Mrs. Slate and Lava, and Lava's son, POINDEXTER, get out.
text: It is immediately evident that the little obnoxious acorn
text: hasn't fallen far from the tree.
speaker_heading: POINDEXTER
dialog: Wow! Is this ever keen! Dad, you
dialog: promise I can cut in all the lines?
speaker_heading: LAVA
dialog: Of course, Poindexter, of course.
text: They head for the mastodon and pully-powered elevator.
text: Standing there are Piltdown and Pyrite, both in security
text: guard uniforms. (Piltdown is carrying a vaguely-familiar
text: satchel). Lava gives them a big look. They nod. As
text: the elevator rises, his two cronies duck into a stairwell
text: marked "NO ADMITTANCE."
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 194 RESUME - FLINTSTONE HOUSE 194
text: The party is in full swing.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: 194 CONTINUED: 194
text: We see Pebbles and Bam-Bam squirming uncomfortably in
text: their party clothes. They take some canapes off of a
text: table, take a bite... spit them out.
speaker_heading: 195 FRED 195
text: Stands beaming, nodding to his guests.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Hello, hello. Bon soir. Good to
dialog: see ya... glad you could make it...
speaker_heading: GUEST
dialog: (unconvincingly)
dialog: Hello, Frank...
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Fred -- there's the bar, make
dialog: yourself at home -- mi casa es
dialog: votre casa, so, when in Rome and
dialog: all that --
speaker_heading: WILMA
dialog: (coming over)
dialog: Fred, can I talk to you -- ?
dialog: Fred? Fred?
dialog: (concerned)
dialog: We have a serious problem with
dialog: Betty and Barney.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: (alarmed)
dialog: You mean you can see their
dialog: house -- ?
speaker_heading: WILMA
dialog: (exasperated)
dialog: I mean you're treating them
dialog: horribly! What's come over you,
dialog: Fred? Does a little money mean so
dialog: much to you that you just turn
dialog: your back on the things that
dialog: really count?
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Wilma, I'm shocked. I wouldn't do
dialog: that. Okay, I admit it: I'm
dialog: trying to make an impression here,
dialog: I wanna look good, I wanna be a
dialog: success...
text: He takes her hand, looks into her eyes. For a moment,
text: Wilma's face softens.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: 195 CONTINUED: 195
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: ... But deep down inside, I'm
dialog: still the same lovable guy you
dialog: married --
dialog: (pause)
dialog: -- Frederick von Flintstone the
dialog: third --
speaker_heading: WILMA
dialog: Arrrgh -- !
text: She throws up her hands, stalks away.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: What'd I say?
scene_heading: 196 PRODUCTION ASSISTANT 196
text: Hangs up the sea shell phone, runs over to Leach.
dialog: P.A.
dialog: That was our location guy at Slate
dialog: City. They just moved the ribbon
text: cutting up by an hour. Guests are
text: already starting to arrive.
speaker_heading: LEACH
dialog: Fabulous! I've 'ad enough crab meat
dialog: and crabgrass to last me a year.
dialog: All right, boys, that's a wrap!
speaker_heading: 197 FRED 197
text: In the middle of a tight little group which is pigging
text: out. Fred seems oblivious to the fact that they're
text: oblivious to him.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: ... Yas, yas, it's a challenging
dialog: commodity market these days.
dialog: Personally, I'm considering
dialog: petrified forests, but they do
dialog: say that volcano futures are
dialog: ready to explode, ha, ha...
text: Suddenly Fred notices that his "audience" has evaporated.
text: He looks around, sees everyone headed for their cars,
text: the TV crew packing up, etc.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: ... Hey, whoa, what's happening --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: 197 CONTINUED: 197
speaker_heading: LEACH'S AIDE
dialog: What's happening isn't happening
dialog: here. The action's over at Slate
dialog: City. Oh, thanks for the booze,
dialog: Ed --
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Fred!
text: He stumbles through the thinning crowd, clutching at
dialog: elbows.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Hey, what's the hurry? We got a
text: cake shaped like a piece of
dialog: Fibrerock... I got it, how about
dialog: some charades? No, even better,
dialog: twenty questions: 'Am I animal,
dialog: mineral, or fossil'...? Oh, I
dialog: heard a great one the other day
text: ... a guy walks in a bar with a
text: duckasaurus on his head and the
dialog: bartender says -- this'll kill
dialog: you, the bartender says --
text: Fred stops, running out of steam along with his moment of
text: glory. He stands alone on the lawn. Wilma slowly comes
text: up to him.
speaker_heading: WILMA
dialog: Fred... I... I'm sorry it's not
dialog: working out...
text: Fred turns, puts on a big smile.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Whaddya mean, not working out?
dialog: They're goin' party hopping,
dialog: that's all. That's what ya do in
dialog: society, Wilma... you cruise
dialog: around. They'll go over to
text: Slate's shindig for a while,
dialog: then they'll come back here.
speaker_heading: WILMA
dialog: Fred...
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: You go on over to Slate City,
dialog: okay?
speaker_heading: WILMA
dialog: Fred, I want to be here with you --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: 197 CONTINUED: (2) 197
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Nah, me and some of the guys from
dialog: the country club, we're gonna play
dialog: poker, yeah, big stakes poker
dialog: until everybody comes back. Go on
dialog: with the others. The kids got
dialog: their show to put on anyway... and
dialog: I wouldn't want people to think...
dialog: to think the Flintstones were
dialog: party poopers.
text: She doesn't know what to say, or what she can say that
text: won't shatter his shaky image. She sighs, kisses him,
text: then calls out.
speaker_heading: WILMA
dialog: Come on, Pebbles. We're going to
dialog: another party.
speaker_heading: PEBBLES
dialog: Will there be real food there?
speaker_heading: WILMA
dialog: We'll find out together.
text: She takes the girl's hand and goes to the door, where the
text: last of Leach's crew is just going out. Suddenly Betty
text: catches up to her, Bam-Bam in tow.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Wilma, wait. I'm going with you.
speaker_heading: WILMA
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: If friends can't do something
dialog: stupid, who can?
text: Wilma smiles, touched.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Besides...
dialog: (lowering her voice)
dialog: ... Maybe if we leave the boys
dialog: alone...?
text: Wilma nods, hopeful.
scene_heading: 198 EXT. FLINTSTONE HOUSE - NIGHT 198
text: The film crew caravan is already leaving as Wilma, Betty
text: and the kids get into the Rubble car. The last TV crew-
text: man extinguishes the big spotlight. The house is dark,
text: forlorn in the fading twilight.
dialog: 90.
scene_heading: 199 REAR OF YARD - NIGHT 199
text: Fred sits forlorn in the rubble of his party. Dino comes
text: over, nuzzles his leg.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Just you and me now, Dino. Yeah.
dialog: That's okay. Man and man's best
dialog: friend.
text: He gives Dino one of the canapes. Dino tastes it, makes
text: a face, spits it out. DINO runs off, going "PTOOIE" all
text: the way. We see him run to the corner, jump in Betty's
text: car and drive away.
speaker_heading: 200 FRED 200
text: sighs, looks around, down at his blazer and the "FVF"
text: patch. He suddenly rips it off in a fury. Then he looks
dialog: at --
scene_heading: 201 THE WALL IN FRONT OF BARNEY'S PROPERTY 201
scene_heading: 202 BACK TO SCENE 202
text: Fred stares at it, his face slowly darkening. Then he
text: grabs a lawn chair from the yard, begins to smash it in
text: a fury against the divider. The wall cracks, splinters;
text: the potted plants go flying.
speaker_heading: 203 FRED 203
text: His anger spent, he stands panting, splattered with
dialog: dirt... then he sees --
scene_heading: 204 NEW ANGLE - ANOTHER DIRT-COVERED FIGURE 204
text: -- standing in the ruins of the wall. The figure
text: sneezes, whacks dirt off of itself. It's --
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: (disbelieving)
dialog: B... Barney?
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: (moving closer)
dialog: Hiya, Fred.
dialog: (noticing his ruined
dialog: tuxedo)
dialog: Boy, the rental place is gonna
dialog: be mad...
dialog: (eyeing the mess)
dialog: ... You feeling better, pal?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: 204 CONTINUED: 204
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: 'Pal'? How can you call me that?
dialog: Barney, I... I've been such a...
dialog: such a... such a...
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: Creep?
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Well, yeah. But more of a --
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: (helpful tone)
dialog: Fool?
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Well --
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: Slimeball? Louse? Jackass?
dialog: (snapping fingers)
dialog: Stuck-up blimpasaurus?
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: (wincing, but
dialog: taking it)
dialog: Barney... can... can you ever
dialog: forgive me for being such a jerk?
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: (stepping closer)
dialog: Sure, Fred.
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: I've had lots of practice.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: (touched)
dialog: Aw, Barn...
text: And he grabs Barney in a big bear hug. Tears in both
text: their eyes, they slap each other on the back, two
dialog: prehistoric sensitive guys.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 205 FIBRESPHERE &amp; SLATE NEEDLE - NIGHT 205
text: Little cupola cars are chugging around the upper level
text: of the Fibresphere, where they enter a tunnel-like open-
text: ing labeled "THE WORLD OF FIBRE."
text: Wilma, Betty, the kids and Dino are in one of these.
text: Now, we FOLLOW them as they chug into --
dialog: 92.
scene_heading: 206 THE FIBRESPHERE "WORLD OF FIBRE" RIDE 206
text: The cupolas rattle along in Disneyland style, passing a
text: sign which reads: "FIBREROCK--TRANSFORMING THE HOME."
text: Here, mechanical figures in an all-Fibre home move
text: klutzily around the room.
speaker_heading: RECORDING (V.O.)
dialog: (a la 'The Great
dialog: Gildersleeve')
dialog: Welcome! Welcome to the fabulous
dialog: world of tomorrow... a world
dialog: brought to you by Fibrerock!
scene_heading: 207 REVERSE ANGLE 207
text: REVEALING that behind the hollow shells of the human
text: family is a veritable family of monkeys, all working the
text: figures like puppets. A PARROT at a stand-mounted
text: microphone is giving the narration.
speaker_heading: PARROT (RECORDING) (V.O.)
dialog: Here, we see a typical family of
dialog: the future, free of the cares and
dialog: worries of today... yes, the great
dialog: kibble crisis is a thing of the
dialog: past when you're living the good
dialog: life... the Fibrelife!
scene_heading: 208 NEXT EXHIBIT 208
text: The CARS CHUG past a display of tree trunks, leaves,
text: bubbling gunk... and those iridescent vegetable pearls
dialog: we've come to know... coo-coo berries. Iron bars and
text: vault-like doors separate the coo-coo berries from the
dialog: other items.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER PARROT
dialog: Here, gathered from the four
dialog: corners of the globe, are the
dialog: secret ingredients of Fibrerock...
dialog: some common, some rare... all
dialog: making life easier for you and
dialog: yours!
speaker_heading: 209 THIRD EXHIBIT 209
text: The little CARS CHUG into an elegant salon, complete with
text: runway. There's another PARROT here in front of another
text: megaphone, but this parrot is chic and flamboyant.
speaker_heading: FASHION PARROT
dialog: But does Fibrerock belong only in
dialog: the kitchen, the garage, the
dialog: workplace? No, no, no, my
dialog: darlings!
dialog: 93.
scene_heading: 210 FASHION MODELS ON RUNWAY 210
text: As each girl struts forward, she shrugs off a bulky
text: animal fur and tosses it into a garbage can. Underneath
dialog: are all kinds of daring and tantalizing fashions woven
text: in the tell-tale fibre colors. The clothes are a blend
dialog: of the future and retro (that is, prehistoric retro).
speaker_heading: FASHION PARROT
dialog: Because the clothes of the Stone
dialog: Age are as extinct as stones
dialog: themselves! Yes, thanks to the
dialog: wonder of Fibrerockfibre, the world
dialog: of high fashion will be totally
dialog: transformed... by Fibre furs...
dialog: Fibre frocks... Fibre foundations
dialog: and Fibreshoes... it's to die
dialog: for!
scene_heading: 211 FOURTH EXHIBIT 211
text: Now, we see a display of Fibrerock props of all kinds --
text: appliances, toys, tools, etc... all of it upstaged by a
dialog: choir consisting of every animal, bird and critter we've
text: seen in this film. Wilma, Betty, the kids and Dino ooh
text: and ahh with the other guests as the mechanical animals
dialog: all sing in unison --
speaker_heading: FIBRE CHOIR (V.O.)
dialog: 'It's a Fibre World you know,
dialog: It's a Fibre World you know,
dialog: It's a Fibre World you know -- '
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 212 INT. BARNEY'S WORKSHOP - NIGHT 212
text: Fred and Barney are surrounded by books and cartons and
text: memorabilia. They have their arms around each other and
dialog: are singing.
scene_heading: FRED &amp; BARNEY
dialog: 'Now it's time to do or die, grab
dialog: that rock and kick it high, let's
dialog: fight, fight, fight for Bedrock
dialog: High!'
text: They break up laughing. Fred chuckles, looks at one of
text: the many old photographs strewn around.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Boy, those were the days, Barney.
dialog: Bedrock High winning all those
dialog: games... and you and me right in
text: the middle of it.
dialog: 94.
scene_heading: 213 NEW ANGLE - FAVORING PHOTO 213
text: The photograph (dots in stone) shows the young Fred and
text: Barney in their cheerleading costumes. Barney has a
text: sweater and megaphone; Fred is in a Godzilla-like
text: "mascot" costume. He's holding the hideously-sculpted
text: head under his arm.
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: Yeah. Too bad we never made the
dialog: team.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: So what? We made the team spirit.
dialog: That's just as important...
dialog: whatever happened to those
dialog: cheerleader costumes?
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: You know Betty. She never throws
dialog: anything away.
text: He hauls out an old footlocker, opens it. There they
dialog: are.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: (rummaging in it)
dialog: Boy. Talk about memories.
text: Fred tosses the cheerleader sweater to Barney, who grins,
text: pulls it on. Fred also starts to get into his old
text: "uniform," but has to suck his gut in mightily. Finally,
text: he can zip it up, stern to stem.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Back then, we thought a pop quiz
dialog: was a big problem. We didn't
dialog: know how good we had it. No
dialog: problems, no worries...
text: Saying this, Fred attempts to put on the Godzilla-like
text: head. He has a hard time sliding it into a hinge rail
text: behind his neck, an even harder time swinging it down and
dialog: forward.
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: Speaking of problems and worries,
dialog: shouldn't we get on over to
dialog: Slate's party?
text: Fred has finally "clinked" the monster head down into
text: place. Now, when he talks, the monster's mouth moves in
dialog: sync.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: 213 CONTINUED: 213
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: (echo-y)
dialog: What for? So him and all his
dialog: fancy friends can look down their
dialog: noses at us?
text: Completely covered in the ferocious-looking suit, Fred
text: steps over to Barney, stabs an angry claw in his
dialog: direction.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: (echo-y)
dialog: All they've been doing is using us,
dialog: Barney. And meanwhile --
text: Now Fred reaches up to take the head off. It sticks for
text: a moment. Finally he gets it to flip back on its hinge
text: where it hangs behind his neck like a ski parka hood.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: (normal voice)
dialog: -- Meanwhile all the time they
dialog: were laughing at us.
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: Yeah? When did you notice that?
speaker_heading: FRED
text: About an hour ago.
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: Boy, there's no fooling you, Fred.
text: Suddenly, with a GROWING CREAKING, CRACKING and TINKLING,
text: a scale model of Slate City in the corner begins to fall
dialog: apart.
text: Fred and Barney look at each other, startled, then rush
dialog: over to the model. It's the interim version we saw
dialog: earlier.
scene_heading: 214 CLOSER - MODEL 214
text: The decomposition continues, walls and supports turning
text: into sand and running down before our eyes. In a Rube
text: Goldberg-like continuum, the little houses go first,
text: falling like dominoes...
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Wha... what's happening?
text: Barney tries to stop the process, can't.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: 214 CONTINUED: 214
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: I... I don't know... the Fibrerock
dialog: it's... it's decomposing... but
dialog: this shouldn't happen...
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Your old models are just fine...
speaker_heading: 215 ANGLE 215
text: Indeed, the older models from Barney's tinkering days
dialog: are rock solid.
scene_heading: 216 BACK TO SCENE 216
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: It should be. There's enough
dialog: coo-coo berry resin in there to
dialog: petrify a brontosaurus --
text: Suddenly Barney gets it. He looks from the older models
text: to the now decomposing little Fibresphere with growing
dialog: awareness.
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: (snapping his fingers)
dialog: -- The coo-coo berries! Fred,
dialog: that's it!
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: What's it?
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: Remember I said the Fibrefoam
dialog: tasted funny? It was the coo-coo
dialog: sap that was missing!
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: But.. why would --
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: Why? Because coo-coo berries are
dialog: as valuable as goldrock! And
dialog: we've had tons of 'em delivered
dialog: to the plant since we started...
dialog: somebody musta got greedy --
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: -- Not 'somebody' -- Lava!
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: (alarmed)
dialog: Fred, that sap acts as a fixative
dialog: -- it's the glue that holds the
dialog: whole formula together -- !
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: 216 CONTINUED: 216
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: (with mounting concern)
dialog: Then... what's happening here...
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: (finishing it)
dialog: ... Is gonna happen for real in
dialog: the real Slate City!
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Oh no... Barney! Wilma and Betty
dialog: -- and the kids -- they're all
dialog: there --
text: With a final WHIMPER, the little FIBRESPHERE CAVES IN
text: and then the nearby SLATE NEEDLE CRUMBLES, model story
text: by model story. Finally the "DISK" on top of the needle
text: is all that's left, wobbling around like a spun dinner
text: plate. It finally falls... EXPLODES.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: (worried)
dialog: -- B-barney... what do we do?
text: Barney runs to a locker, grabs a big plunger-powered
text: flit gun, begins filling it with a red liquid.
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: Coo-coo berry sap, Fred! It's
dialog: our only chance -- their only
dialog: chance!
text: Barney gives it a quick test squirt. Fred nods, and they
text: rush out of the room. CAMERA PUSHES IN ON the ruins of
dialog: the model "Slate City"...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 217 INT. SLATE NEEDLE - NIGHT 217
text: WIDEN FROM a young kid who is drinking a glass of water
text: and simultaneously singing with a ventriloquist's dummy.
text: Obviously, the talent show has begun.
text: In the audience, Lava fidgets with nervous and confident
text: energy... gives Wilma a big look.
speaker_heading: LAVA
dialog: You're certainly looking lovely
dialog: this evening, Mrs. Flintstone.
dialog: Life with a junior executive must
dialog: agree with you.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: 217 CONTINUED: 217
speaker_heading: WILMA
dialog: Uh... thank you... I think.
speaker_heading: LAVA
dialog: (looking into her
dialog: eyes)
dialog: Yes. I think so, too.
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Imagine how good you'd look
dialog: with a senior executive.
speaker_heading: WILMA
dialog: Oh? Is Fred getting promoted?
text: Lava laughs, sure she's kidding... then not so sure. The
text: ventriloquist finishes to scattered applause. The kid
text: bows, gets up... splashes across puddles of water on the
dialog: stage area. The Headmistress of L'ecole Superior et al
text: steps up. Behind her, the picture window displays the
text: expanse of Slate City: The twin Slatescrapers framing
text: endless rows of little tract houses stretching to the
text: distant volcanic ridge.
speaker_heading: HEADMISTRESS
dialog: (as applause dies)
dialog: Sank you, ladies and gentlemen.
dialog: An' sank you, Monsieur Slate for
dialog: zis lovely setting. Zoot alors,
dialog: zis will ze mos' fantas'tic
dialog: recital in Bedrock 'istoree. Now,
dialog: I would like to sank out mos'
dialog: generous benefactress, Madame
dialog: Slate for her fine support o'vair
dialog: zee years --
text: She gestures into the audience, where Mrs. Slate stands,
text: waves a gloved hand like the Queen Mother.
speaker_heading: HEADMISTRESS
dialog: -- An' now, what better
dialog: introduction could we 'ave for
dialog: Mrs. Slate's vairy own gran'
dialog: nephew... Poindexter Lava!
text: She steps aside. Curtain rises on little Poindexter.
text: He is carrying a leather-and-bone accordion. He begins
dialog: to play:
speaker_heading: POINDEXTER
dialog: (singing loudly)
dialog: 'Dino of Spain, I adore you
dialog: Right from the moment I saw you -- '
dialog: 99.
scene_heading: 218 QUICK SHOTS - AUDIENCE 218
text: Their smiles become fixed. (Up on the spotlights, the
text: little birds who operate the lights put earplugs in their
dialog: ears.)
text: In the wings with Pebbles and Bam-Bam, DINO MOANS, hides
text: his head under his paws.
text: On the refreshment table, GLASSES CRACK... a cake falls.
scene_heading: 219 CLOSE ON LAVA 219
text: He surreptitiously checks his wrist watch...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 220 INT. EMPTY FIBRERIDE - TIGHT ON ANOTHER WATCH - NIGHT 220
dialog: This one a pocket job. (Like Lava's, it's really a
text: little sundial with a built-in burning match above it to
dialog: provide a shadow!) We WIDEN, and see that this watch
text: is held in a green, scaley claw.
scene_heading: 221 ANOTHER ANGLE 221
text: It's the xenosaurus, lurking behind the exhibits! Now,
text: the CREATURE GRUNTS confidently, lights up a cigar.
text: Then it picks up a canvas bag and a big toolbox and
text: tiptoes into the deeper recesses of the Fibre ride.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 222 INT. FRED'S CAR - TRAVELLING 222
text: Fred and Barney rush along, Fred at the wheel.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: What'll we do when we get there?
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: We just tell Mister Slate that all
dialog: 500 acres of his development are
dialog: going to crumble into dust any
dialog: minute.
dialog: (holds up the
dialog: flit gun)
dialog: Then we zap the stairs and
dialog: corridors with some of this
dialog: coo-coo sap. I just hope we have
dialog: enough to get everybody out --
dialog: whoops!
text: He's said this last because as he held up the flit gun,
text: the handle whacked the back of Fred's monster costume,
text: and the head has flipped down with a solid "clink."
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: 222 CONTINUED: 222
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Barney -- !
dialog: (swerving all
dialog: over the road)
dialog: -- I can't see straight --
text: Barney gets up on his knees, grabs the wheel with one
text: hand and the monster head with the other.
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: Hang on, hang on --
text: Oops. He rotates the head completely around. Fred
text: flails around. Barney grabs the wheel with one hand,
text: tries to help Fred with the other.
scene_heading: 223 EXT. CAR - NIGHT 223
text: It careens around even more wildly now. There's several
text: near collisions.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 224 EXT. "ROCKDONALD'S" RESTAURANT - NIGHT 224
text: "Rockdonald's" is, of course, complete with golden arches
text: of stone, a drive-up window, etc. It even has the oblig-
text: atory cops on a break... in this case, Feldspar and
text: Gravel. They're sitting in their patrol car eating from
text: little bamboo containers shaped just like McDonald's
text: Styrofoam. (Of course, the logo on the building behind
text: them proudly reads "OVER 100 SOLD.")
speaker_heading: FELDSPAR
dialog: (mouth full, bitching)
dialog: Speed traps again! Face it,
dialog: Gravel. I'm in a rut... and
dialog: meanwhile, the guys who went
dialog: through the academy with me,
dialog: they're all big shots now:
dialog: Sam Slate... Dirty Harock...
dialog: Magma, P.I. And you know why?
dialog: 'Cause they got the breaks,
dialog: that's why!
text: Suddenly both officers react to the sound of SKIDDING
text: TIRES and HONKING HORNS. They look out their window
dialog: at --
scene_heading: 225 FRED AND BARNEY - DRIVING PAST 225
text: both still battling the wheel and the resistant costume
text: head. (By now their gyrations have put Barney's face
text: inside the jaws of the monster mask.)
dialog: 101.
scene_heading: 226 BACK TO SCENE 226
speaker_heading: GRAVEL
dialog: S-sarge, d-did you see that? Some
dialog: sorta creature was attacking that
dialog: little guy -- !
speaker_heading: FELDSPAR
dialog: There's a lesson there, Gravel...
dialog: never pick up hitchhikers.
dialog: Besides --
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: -- Did you say 'creature'?
text: They do a big double-take at the now-vanishing car.
speaker_heading: FELDSPAR &amp; GRAVEL
dialog: The xenosaurus!
text: Excited, Feldspar bangs his dashboard and a DISPATCH
text: PARAKEET in a police uniform pops INTO VIEW. Feldspar
text: grabs it around the neck, holds it like a microphone.
speaker_heading: FELDSPAR
text: This is a xenosaurus alert.
text: Repeat, a xenosaurus alert. The
dialog: creature has been sighted on the
text: Slate City exit of the Venturock
text: Freeway! It is driving a brown
text: late model sedan and eating a
dialog: white male Caucasian. Car twelve
text: is in hot pursuit.
text: He releases the bird, which doesn't fly away right away,
text: but gives him a look.
speaker_heading: FELDSPAR
dialog: (remembering)
dialog: Oh, yeay... over and out!
text: The bird nods, appeased, flies off.
speaker_heading: DISPATCH PARAKEET
dialog: (as it goes)
text: Awwk! Car Twelve is on the way.
text: Car Twelve is on the way...
speaker_heading: FELDSPAR
dialog: (thrilled)
dialog: Gravel, this could mean promotions
dialog: for both of us!
dialog: (trotting up to
dialog: speed)
dialog: Load the shotgun and turn on the
dialog: siren!
dialog: 102.
scene_heading: 227 FRED'S CAR - TRAVELLING 227
text: Barney is rocking Fred's head back and forth, finally
text: gives it one last mighty yank. Something breaks.
text: Barney falls back on the passenger side of the car.
text: Fred drives with one hand, "raps" the monster head.
text: It rattles. When Fred speaks again, the monster mouth
text: no longer opens and closes in sync.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: (muffled, shouting)
dialog: Ho, gweat! Hoo bwoke hit,
dialog: Bahnee! Hi khnat twalk hennymore!
text: Suddenly both men (pardon, man and xenosaurus) react to
text: an approaching SIREN. They both look back at --
scene_heading: 228 FELSPAR'S PATROL CAR 228
text: Closing in. Gravel has produced a little sabre tooth
text: CAT and is "cranking" its tail. As it WAILS away, the
text: cops close in on our heroes.
dialog: 229 BACK TO SCENE 229
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Ho noh! Ahhrisser Felghspah!
dialog: (turning to Barney)
dialog: Haybee whee hould shtop -- ?
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: What, and explain what you're
dialog: doing in that costume? Start
dialog: talking about coo-coo berries and
dialog: Fibrerock? By then it'll be too
dialog: late!
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: 'Hen yore height, yore height...
text: Fred pours on more speed. They careen around a turn.
text: CAMERA WHIP PANS TO a road sign: SLATE CITY--1 MI.
scene_heading: 230 SLATE CITY - REAR GATE 230
text: A fence surrounds the empty housing development; in the
text: distance, we can see the dark Slate Scrapers, and past
text: them, the brightly-lit and gleaming Fibersphere and
dialog: Slate Needle.
text: We hear a SCREECH and then the CAMERA PANS BACK to pickup
text: Fred's CAR as it whips around a turn, two wheels off the
text: ground. It crashes right into the gate, knocking down a
text: sign reading "SLATE CITY--DELIVERY GATE." The fence
text: collapses all around the car.
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: 231 NEW ANGLE 231
text: Fred and Barney stagger out of the wreck. Barney,
text: covered with debris, rummages around and sighs with
text: relief when he finds the flit gun of coo-coo sap is
text: still intact.
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: (hearing a siren)
dialog: We'd better split up; that way at
dialog: least one of us can make it to the
dialog: Slate Needle -- !
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: 'Ood hidea. Ood whuk, ol' bhudee.
text: They slap hands together like basketball players, then
text: head off in two directions.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 232 INT. SLATE NEEDLE 232
text: CAMERA PANS the audience as the accordion recital con-
text: tinues. Several people look visibly ill. Finally,
text: CAMERA ADJUSTS to take in Poindexter's big finish as he
text: slides forward on his knees.
text: There's a scattering of half-hearted applause, led by
dialog: Lava and the Slates.
speaker_heading: HEADMISTRESS
dialog: Sank you, sank you. Our nex'
dialog: performance is Bam-Bam, Pebbles...
dialog: (checking notes)
dialog: ... an' friend.
text: She steps aside as a spotlight picks out --
scene_heading: 233 PEBBLES, BAM-BAM &amp; DINO 233
dialog: poised in the stances we recognize as the "first
dialog: positions" of the "Dino Dance." However, whereas the
dialog: previous version of this was done impromptu and
text: a cappella with only a few primitive props and straw
text: hats alone, this time the kids and Dino are fully
text: costumed, with sequins, batons and the like, and the
text: dance is completely choreographed.
speaker_heading: KIDS
dialog: You can keep the twist,
dialog: the frug and hop --
scene_heading: 234 VARIOUS ANGLES 234
text: As the Dino dance begins, FULL ORCHESTRATION OVER IT.
dialog: The audience seems to really like it -- all except --
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: 235 MRS. SLATE 235
text: who glances over at the judges long enough to see that
dialog: they like this a lot better than the accordion act.
text: Suddenly Mrs. Slate jumps up, barges on stage. The
speaker_heading: MUSIC DIES.
speaker_heading: HEADMISTRESS
dialog: Madame Slate, what ees wrong -- ?
speaker_heading: MRS. SLATE
dialog: I'll tell you what's wrong! This
dialog: 'act' is an absolute disgrace!
dialog: This is supposed to be a talent
dialog: show! And a pedestrian animal act
dialog: like this belongs in a circus!
scene_heading: 236 WILMA AND BETTY 236
text: React, furious, jump out of their seats.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: A circus, huh? Well, if our kids
dialog: belong in a circus with their act,
dialog: then your little nephew belongs in
dialog: a zoo with his --
speaker_heading: WILMA
dialog: Yeah -- a zoo where the animals
dialog: are dead -- because if they aren't,
dialog: they will be!
speaker_heading: MRS. SLATE
dialog: Why, how dare you! Mrs.
dialog: Flintstein, I'll have you know
dialog: that my little Poindexter has been
dialog: trained by the finest tutors!
dialog: Poindexter! Show them! Encore!
text: The kid jumps up, begins to play. Immediately another
text: GLASS SHATTERS. But then the CEILING FIXTURES CRACK,
text: and then the PICTURE WINDOW PANELS begin to SHATTER one
dialog: by one.
speaker_heading: MRS. SLATE
dialog: (alarmed)
dialog: Ah... Poindexter... that's enough
dialog: ... Poindexter...?
text: The kids stops... But another WINDOW PANEL EXPLODES.
text: Then one of the tables collapses.
text: Pause. Every head in the room swivels around and stares
text: at Poindexter. Nervous, he tosses the accordion aside.
text: But the destruction continues: Another WINDOW PANEL
text: SHATTERS. Then, the entire building shakes.
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: 237 SLATE 237
text: Loses his balance, grabs onto Lava for support, ends up
text: pulling him down, too. Slate gets to his knees and looks
text: out the window... and his jaw drops in astonishment.
scene_heading: 238 HIS POV - SLATE CITY 238
text: In the distance, with a CRACKLING ROAR, the little rows
text: of Fibrerock tract houses are falling like dominoes in
text: a wave that is rolling toward the Slate Needle.
scene_heading: 239 SLATE CITY DEVELOPMENT - NIGHT 239
text: A flashlight beam rakes the CAMERA. Feldspar, shotgun
text: in one hand, light in the other, looks around cautiously.
text: (The shotgun has a slingshot mechanism; the flashlight
dialog: is a mirror-backed candle.)
text: Behind him, FOOTSTEPS APPROACH. Feldspar tenses, but
dialog: it's --
speaker_heading: GRAVEL
dialog: No sign of the driver...
speaker_heading: FELDSPAR
dialog: You kidding? By now he's a couple
text: of shinbones and a belch.
text: Gravel drops down on one knee, excited. He shines his
text: light on Fred's big "clawprints."
speaker_heading: GRAVEL
dialog: Holy cowasaurus! Look how deep
dialog: these tracks are! That xeno thing
dialog: must weigh a ton!
text: They aim their lights at the tracks, begin to follow
text: them. Suddenly they round a corner and come face to
dialog: face with --
scene_heading: 240 NEW ANGLE - FRED 240
text: He's stopped between two sample homes to wrestle with
text: the monster head again. Now, he freezes in twin flash-
dialog: light beams!
speaker_heading: FELDSPAR
dialog: Okay, lizard, reach for the sky!
text: Fred hesitates... then, hearing a CREAK and GROAN, he
text: looks at the HOUSE beside him. The stucco-like exterior
text: of Fibrerock is beginning to crumble.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: 240 CONTINUED: 240
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Offisser Fledapar, het me hexpwain
dialog: -- his howse hiss maid uv
dialog: fibahwock --
text: He reaches out to tap the nearby wall and -- WHAM -- it
text: collapses all around him, leaving a gaping hole in the
dialog: house!
speaker_heading: FELDSPAR
dialog: (frightened, backing
dialog: away)
dialog: Quivering quartzite, d-did you
dialog: see that --
speaker_heading: GRAVEL
dialog: (following him)
text: O-one flick of his paw... and
dialog: he knocked down a wall -- !
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Nogh, wate, chum baggk --
text: As Fred "roars" and moves forward, Feldspar and Gravel
dialog: scream, panic, and run!
speaker_heading: 241 FRED 241
text: Tries to catch up and collides with the already damaged
text: house. It collapses totally, falling in on itself,
text: obscuring Fred. Finally the last TIMBER DROPS. Pause.
text: Fred staggers out of the rubble, realizes that the impact
text: has knocked the monster mask off his head and back on its
text: hinges. He rubs dust out of his eyes, turns and looks
text: at the Slate Needle. He's much closer to it now.
text: Quickly, he runs toward it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 242 INSIDE THE SLATE NEEDLE 242
text: Everyone is rocking back and forth with the escalating
text: vibrations of the swaying building. The remaining table
text: of refreshments slides across the room.
scene_heading: 243 POINDEXTER LAVA 243
text: gets hit full force by a flying cake shaped like Slate
text: City. He falls on top of his accordion, smashing it with
text: one last dissonant squeeze.
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: 244 PARTYGOERS 244
text: They pause in their panic to applaud gratefully.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 245 EXT. BASE OF FIBRESPHERE AND SLATE NEEDLE - NIGHT 245
text: The supporting pylons and cable anchors begin to slowly
text: decompose. A FLIGHT of STAIRS CREAKS AND GROANS.
text: Barney runs INTO the SHOT, sees the steps about to go,
text: dives for them... too late! He ends up with a face full
text: of Fibredust! Now, he whirls as Fred runs up, points --
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Barney! The elevator -- !
text: Barney runs toward it, hits the button.
scene_heading: 246 OTHER SIDE OF WALL 246
text: REVEALING elevator mechanism. The button pokes a mouse
text: which runs out of a box. Seeing the mouse, a nearby
text: mastadon becomes frightened, begins running. A heavy
text: cable tied to the mastadon runs over a pulley and into --
scene_heading: 247 THE ELEVATOR SHAFT 247
text: -- where the elevator rises out of the sub-level and
text: INTO VIEW! Fred and Barny start towards it... when
text: suddenly the Fibrerock elevator begins to crumble!
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Quick! Use your coo-coo gun -- !
text: Barney aims, pulls back the plunger... too late! The
text: elevator is gone. The cable swings back and forth
text: loosely, "whapping" the shaft walls as it shoots upwards.
text: Fred dives for the cable, misses! As he stumbles, Barney
text: leaps on Fred's back, catches the cable! As Barney
text: starts to whizz upwards, Fred garbs onto his ankles!
scene_heading: 248 ABOVE - FIBRESPHERE 248
text: Propelled upwards, the would-be rescuers shoot OUT of
text: the FRAME, disappear into the Fibresphere with a CRASH!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 249 INT. BEDROCK POLICE STATION - NIGHT 249
text: The POLICE CHIEF looks skeptically at Feldspar and
text: Gravel, who are exhausted, covered with dust, uniforms
text: torn.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: 249 CONTINUED: 249
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: Feldspar, if you ask me, you've
dialog: seen too many Rockzilla movies: In
dialog: all the Xenosaurus sightings we've
dialog: had reported, not one has had this
dialog: kind of wholesale destruction --
speaker_heading: FELDSPAR
dialog: Chief, you -- you gotta believe me
text: -- just one swipe of its paw and
dialog: -- wham -- a whole house was
dialog: pre-history -- !
text: Suddenly one of those police DISPATCH PARAKEETS comes
text: flying excitedly through the window, lands on a perch in
text: front of the Chief.
speaker_heading: DISPATCH PARAKEET
dialog: Calling all cars. Calling all cars.
dialog: Unconfirmed reports of destruction
text: and collapse at Slate City.
text: Rescue vehicles are on the way.
text: The xenosaurus has been spotted
dialog: in the area. That is all. That
dialog: is all.
speaker_heading: FELDSPAR
dialog: (excited)
dialog: You see -- ? I told you --
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: All right, Feldspar, I'm
dialog: convinced! As of this moment
dialog: you're completely in charge of
dialog: operation...
dialog: (dramatic)
dialog: ... 'Xeno Dino'! Now, what do
dialog: you need?
text: CAMERA TIGHTENS ON Feldspar. This is the moment he's
dialog: waited for all his life.
speaker_heading: FELDSPAR
dialog: (firm-jawed)
dialog: Artillery.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 250 INT. FIBRESPHERE - NIGHT 250
text: Dust and little fragments of construction material are
text: still tinkling down around our heroes. The elevator
text: cable sways from its uppermost pulley. Slowly, something
text: stirs in the pile of arms, legs and scaly limbs.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: 250 CONTINUED: 250
text: First to sit up is Barney, who groans, rubs his head.
text: Next, Fred sits up. Damn! The impact has knocked Fred's
text: monster mask back on his head! Fred mutters angrily...
text: Barney starts to help... and then they both notice that
text: there's another monstrous head in the middle of their
dialog: group! There're big "takes" all around, and then the
text: xenosaurus leaps out of the tangle of bodies, treads
dialog: air, and runs away!
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: (recovering)
dialog: Fred, stop it! It might know
dialog: the way inside!
text: Fred "gets up to speed" and chases the xeno. Barney
text: follows.
speaker_heading: 251 NEW ANGLE 251
text: Fred and Barney both leap on the mysterious xenosaurus --
text: all crash through a wall --
scene_heading: 252 INT. SLATE NEEDLE - NIGHT 252
text: The panicked partygoers turn as a section of wall
text: collapses. Dust and debris billow upwards. The battered
text: monster mask breaks loose from Fred's costume, bounces
text: on the floor. Slowly, everyone gets up: Fred... Barney
text: ... and two halves of the xenosaurus:
text: The bottom half is Piltdown; the top-half is Pyrite.
speaker_heading: WILMA BETTY
dialog: Fred? Barney?
scene_heading: PEBBLES BAM-BAM
dialog: Daddy! Pop!
speaker_heading: FRED BARNEY
dialog: Piltdown? Pyrite?
speaker_heading: SLATE
dialog: What the devil's going on here?
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: It's real simple, Mister Slate.
dialog: Your boy Lava here has been
dialog: stealing the coo-coo berries from
dialog: the Fibrerock mix and fixing the
dialog: books to hide it!
speaker_heading: LAVA
dialog: That's ridiculous, Flintstone!
dialog: Nobody could get that many coo-coo
dialog: berries off our premises!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: 252 CONTINUED: 252
text: Suddenly the bottom of Piltdown's canvas sack rips
text: open. Thousands and thousands of coo-coo berries tumble
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: 253 LAVA 253
text: Slaps his hands over his face.
speaker_heading: 254 THE SCENE 254
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: (dryly)
dialog: These sure look like coo-coo
dialog: berries to me --
speaker_heading: LAVA
dialog: (smoothly)
dialog: They're convincing fakes, Mrs.
dialog: Rubble -- part of our exciting
dialog: display --
speaker_heading: PYRITE
dialog: Fakes?
dialog: (to Piltdown)
dialog: Gee, Pilty, I thought the real
dialog: ones were gonna be moved up here
dialog: for us ta steal -- whatta waste
dialog: a time --
speaker_heading: PILTDOWN
dialog: Pyrite, shaddup --
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: (snapping fingers)
dialog: Now I remember! These guys were
dialog: pulling this xenosaurus act that
dialog: night at the plant! What's this,
dialog: Lava... 'Plan B'?
speaker_heading: LAVA
dialog: Uncle! Are you going to stand
dialog: there while aspersions are being
dialog: cast at the Slate family? This
dialog: is absurd --
speaker_heading: SLATE
dialog: Of course it is! Why, without
dialog: the coo-coo berry sap, Fibrerock
dialog: would be completely --
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: -- unstable...
text: Suddenly the entire building shudders. Dust falls from
text: the ceiling. Everyone looks at Lava.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 111.
speaker_heading: 254 CONTINUED: 254
speaker_heading: LAVA
dialog: All right, all right, I admit it!
dialog: I got in over my head in the stock
dialog: market... took some big losses...
dialog: I had these guys pull jobs for me
text: all over town disguised as a
dialog: monster... but it still wasn't
dialog: enough... and when I saw all those
dialog: coo-coo berries being delivered
dialog: every day, I guess I just lost my
dialog: head... I figured with the Woca
text: sap in the Fibremix, the berry
dialog: juice as superfluous...
speaker_heading: SLATE
dialog: I'll tell you what's superfluous,
dialog: Lava... your liver! So why don't
dialog: we remove it -- !
text: He leaps, snarling, on top of Lava... Fred and Barney
text: pull them apart. Then, more falling dust and beams give
dialog: everyone more pressing problems --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 255 EXT. SLATE NEEDLE - NIGHT 255
text: Rescue VEHICLES and police CARS ROAR up, slam to a halt,
text: CAT SIRENS WAILING. The rescue workers jump out.
text: Firefighters carry circular trampolines of hide stitched
text: to bamboo frames; others go to the back of their trucks
text: and start to turn cranks on the hook and ladder trucks to
text: raise the ladders.
text: 256 CLOSE ON A HOOK AND LADDER TRUCK 256
text: It's actually a wheeled carriage carrying a firesaurus,
text: which is a critter with a very tiny body and an incred-
text: ibly long neck. The bony plates on the creature's back
dialog: make perfect stairs.
text: However, the creature is noticeably listless and
dialog: uncooperative.
speaker_heading: FIRE CHIEF
dialog: Come on, come on, what's the hold
dialog: up -- ?
speaker_heading: FIREFIGHTER
dialog: It's the kibble crisis, sir --
dialog: the firesauruses have been on
dialog: half-rations for a month!
text: Above them, the BUILDING SHUDDERS again.
dialog: 112.
scene_heading: 257 IN THE SLATE NEEDLE 257
text: Now, the remaining LIGHT FIXTURES CRASH down. When they
text: hit the floor, the oil lamps inside spills and fire
dialog: spreads.
speaker_heading: WILMA
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: Fred! There's a fire hose -- !
text: Indeed, it's on the back wall in a closed box marked FIRE
text: HOSE--IN CASE OF EMERGENCY BREAK GLASS. Fred and Barney
text: take a step towards it, but the fire quickly spreads and
text: cuts them off.
text: Helpless, they step back.
text: With a THUNDEROUS ROAR, the two SLATE SCRAPERS visible
text: through what's left of the picture window COLLAPSE. Then
text: the big statue of Slate just outside the window begins to
text: decompose. It falls in on itself like a sand sculpture
text: in a storm... finally, for a split second it is, well,
text: life-sized, and then the head of the statue snaps loose,
text: CRASHES through the only remaining pane of GLASS here
text: ... rolls up to Slate's feet.
text: Pause. Everyone looks at everyone else. This is it:
text: Titanic time. Fred embraces Wilma... Barney embraces
text: Betty. Their kids are pulled into the clinch. Even
text: Slate takes Mrs. Slate's hand. Talk about grace under
dialog: pressure... and speaking of --
speaker_heading: 258 GRACE 258
text: -- the star fashion model, suddenly her Fibrethread
text: costume decomposes, leaving her in her cute little
text: animal print undies.
speaker_heading: 259 BETTY 259
text: In the middle of going down with the ship, she turns
text: Bam-Bam's face away from this display.
speaker_heading: BAM-BAM
dialog: D-dad, are we gonna be okay?
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: (pause; false smile)
dialog: Sure, pal. We just gotta wait for
dialog: the fire department. Right, Fred?
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Y-yeah. Everything's gonna be
dialog: just -- Whoa, hoo-hah, aggh --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 113.
speaker_heading: 259 CONTINUED: 259
text: He's started yelping because he's realized his arm is
text: on fire, and now he jumps up and the others begin beating
text: at the arm with anything in their hands, and then Fred
text: suddenly pushes away from them, stands there with a small
text: flame flickering on his forearm like a Rock Vegas stage
dialog: magician.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: -- Wait a minute -- I don't feel
dialog: anything at all --
text: With his other "claw" he slaps tentatively at the flames,
text: and then confidentially snuffs it out.
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: It must be the suit, Fred -- old
dialog: Bedrock High built them things to
dialog: last --
text: Fred looks over at the wall of flame separating the
text: guests from the fire hose. As everyone gets the same
text: idea, Dino rushes up, the costume head in his mouth.
text: All brighten.
text: Barney helps Fred with the head, twists it into place.
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: (rapping on the head)
dialog: -- Okay?
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Hist hust fine!
text: He lowers his head, runs through the fire, which licks
text: at him harmlessly. Then with his claw, he SMASHES the
speaker_heading: amber GLASS --
speaker_heading: 260 IN THE BOX 260
text: A big PYTHONSAURUS is curled up inside, SNORING. (Note
dialog: to herpetologists: The pythonosaurus is not quite a
dialog: snake: it has little vestigial forepaws the better to
text: emote with. Right now the snoring head is in those
dialog: little paws.)
text: The Pythonsaurus stirs, looks at Fred, "sniffs" the
text: smoke. Then he raises one hand and finger as if to say
text: "one moment." Then the pythonsaurus turns his head
text: towards a nozzle like the ones in hamster cages, slurps
text: loudly.
text: We hear gallons and gallons of WATER GURGLING away...
dialog: 114.
scene_heading: 261 IN THE MAIN ROOM 261
text: Everyone retreats from the fire. Slate picks up the head
text: of the statue, his only souvenir.
speaker_heading: 262 WITH FRED 262
text: Waiting impatiently until the pythonsaurus finally
text: finishes drinking. It wipes its mouth daintily with a
text: napkin, slaps a little fire helmet on its head, turns
text: and runs back into the other room. (Behind him, yards
text: and yards of pythonsaurus unroll from a hidden compart-
text: ment behind the box.) Water shoots out of the creature's
dialog: mouth.
speaker_heading: 263 WIDER 263
text: Fred turns in a semi-circle and puts out every lick of
text: flame in the room. All the guests cheer, rush forward
text: and slap Fred on the back. Pebbles jumps up on him and
text: kisses him.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Hit fuzz nudding... wheely...
text: The pythonsaurus looks around at the attention.
speaker_heading: PYTHONSAURUS
dialog: Hey, what am I, chopped liver?
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: Come on, everybody -- we'll go
dialog: out the way we came!
text: Barney squirts a pathway with his flit gun, solidifying
text: a route in the crumbling Fibrerock. Then Barney and
text: Fred stand back nobly, wave everyone on into the adjacent
dialog: Fibresphere.
speaker_heading: POINDEXTER
dialog: (pushing and shoving)
dialog: Outta the way -- outta the way --
dialog: women and children first -- ! I
dialog: mean, ah, children and women
dialog: first, yeah, yeah, provided that
dialog: uh, there's room for the women...
text: Meanwhile, the pythonsaurus gives Fred (or rather his
text: costume) a big look up and down, looks TOWARD the CAMERA.
speaker_heading: PYTHONSAURUS
dialog: Hey, not bad. Wonder if she lives
dialog: around here.
text: Just then Fred tilts back the monster head. The
text: pythonsaurus reacts.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 115.
speaker_heading: 263 CONTINUED: 263
speaker_heading: PYTHONSAURUS
dialog: Heartbreaker!
text: Depressed, the pythonsaurus follows the others. Fred and
text: Barney cross over into the Fibresphere. As the do, Slate
text: Needle completely collapses.
scene_heading: 264 EXT. FIBRESPHERE - LONG SHOT 264
text: The Slate Needle tumbles down, taking a big chunk of the
dialog: Fibresphere with it! But the rest of the huge globe
dialog: stays put... for now.
scene_heading: 265 RESCUE WORKERS BELOW 265
dialog: gasp, cry out --
speaker_heading: 266 UP ABOVE 266
text: Already the first partygoers are sliding down the
dialog: elevator cable.
speaker_heading: HEADMISTRESS
dialog: (panicking)
dialog: Oh, geez, we're all gonna croak --
dialog: I neva shoulda left Far Rockaway --
text: Wilma gives her a big suspicious look -- blanching,
text: the Headmistress slides down the cable --
speaker_heading: 267 BELOW 267
text: The rescue teams catch the people in nets as they hit
dialog: the ground.
speaker_heading: 268 ABOVE 268
text: Barney gives the dwindling circle of solid Fibre around
text: the group another shot of coo-coo juice. Poindexter Lava
text: pushes his way forward.
speaker_heading: POINDEXTER
dialog: (to anyone and everyone)
text: Fifty clams for a piggy-back ride
dialog: ... a hundred clams!
speaker_heading: MRS. SLATE
dialog: (aghast)
dialog: Do you see that, Jerry? Do you
dialog: see how my great-nephew is behaving
dialog: at this moment of crisis?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 116.
speaker_heading: 268 CONTINUED: 268
speaker_heading: LAVA
dialog: (proudly)
dialog: Yeah. Real chip off the old
dialog: block, ain't he?
text: Embarrassed, Mrs. Slate grabs the kid by the neck,
text: practically throws him at the cable. She follows him
text: down, followed by Lava and Mr. Slate.
scene_heading: 269 REAR OF FLEEING PEOPLE 269
text: Fred and Barney have bravely held up the rear, their
text: families clutching to them. Barney's carrying Bam-Bam.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: (to Pebbles)
dialog: Upsy-daisy, sweetheart -- piggy
dialog: back time!
text: She jumps on his back... slamming the monster head
text: back in place.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: (resigned)
dialog: Hohh... GWEAT!
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: (to Betty)
dialog: Go on, honey... I got Bam-Bam!
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Barney... tonight you're the
dialog: biggest man in Bedrock.
text: She kisses him, slides down.
scene_heading: 270 CLOSE ON WILMA AND FRED 270
text: Backlit romantically by the flames, just like Gable and
dialog: Leigh when Atlanta burned.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: (through the mask)
dialog: Wilmagh, I jusght whunt to sagh
dialog: thad I knogh shumtimes I dogh
dialog: dumb thinks... Bhut hit's
dialog: becaughse high luff yough sogh
dialog: much thaght high whant yough to
dialog: livgh likge a pwincess orgh a
dialog: qween 'cause you reaally arggh
dialog: rugg aaggg hummmmg higga!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 117.
speaker_heading: 270 CONTINUED: 270
speaker_heading: WILMA
dialog: Oh, Fred -- that's the most
dialog: beautiful thing I've ever heard!
text: They kiss... she drops to safety...!
speaker_heading: 271 BELOW 271
text: Wilma slides into a rescue net, gets on unsteady feet
text: next to Betty.
scene_heading: 272 BACK UPSTAIRS 272
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Lhet's dogh it!
text: Their kids on their backs, Fred and Barney exchange a
text: heroic forearm-to-forearm gladiator-type handshake...
text: both put their hands on the cable... and then the whole
text: pulley mechanism falls right down between them and
text: through the hole! A second later, the entire remaining
dialog: structure collapses!
speaker_heading: 273 BELOW 273
text: Everyone reacts in horror --
speaker_heading: 274 ABOVE 274
text: Dust and smoke clear. When we can see again, well, it's
text: not a pretty sight. The entire fibresphere is gone. All
text: that's left, teetering on two spindly supports, are two
text: tiny islands of safety connected by a twisted maze of
dialog: rubble too small for a human to negotiate... and all
text: that's holding that up is a long guide wire leading to the
dialog: ground!
speaker_heading: 275 CLOSER 275
text: Figures on one of the islands stir: Fred. Barney.
text: Bam-Bam... Pebbles! The platform shudders again. Barney
text: aims the flit gun -- empty! The dads hold on to the
dialog: kids. It's all they can do.
speaker_heading: 276 BELOW 276
text: Wilma and Betty gasp... what can be done?
scene_heading: 277 THE SECOND ISLAND 277
text: Bricks and chunks of Fibre stir... a form sits up...
text: it's -- Dino! He looks around at the situation, becomes
dialog: agitated... he wants to help... but how?
dialog: 118.
scene_heading: 278 WILMA AND BETTY 278
text: Suddenly become inspired.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: W-wilma... those hoops of bamboo...
dialog: those wires... do you think -- ?
speaker_heading: WILMA
dialog: Yes! Yes! Betty, we have to try
dialog: it -- ! Dino! Dino, look down
dialog: here -- !
speaker_heading: 279 DINO 279
dialog: Obeys, puzzled --
scene_heading: 280 HIS POV - WILMA AND BETTY 280
text: Amazingly, they grab scraps of wood, borrow fire
text: fighter's helmets, and begin to do a buck and wing.
speaker_heading: WILMA AND BETTY
dialog: You can keep the twist,
dialog: the frug and hop
dialog: I don't need to shimmy,
dialog: I don't need to bop --
scene_heading: 281 BIG CAMERA PUSH - DINO 281
text: MUSIC COMES UP DRAMATICALLY as he catches on! His eyes
text: fill with courage and he charges toward the spindly
text: bridge that leads to his master and friends.
scene_heading: 282 ANOTHER ANGLE 282
text: Dino dives through the hoops of bamboo, duplicating his
text: steps in "The Dino Dance." He reaches the other island!
text: Without a beat, still keeping time, he puts the two kids
text: on his shoulders, just like in the dance! Then he
text: "presents" his tail to Fred -- Fred hands his tail to
dialog: Barney -- and then --
speaker_heading: 283 LONG SHOT 283
text: -- Dino slides down the long wire, carrying everyone to
text: safety! They all plow into the biggest rescue net as
dialog: Wilma and Betty wind up!
speaker_heading: WILMA AND BETTY
dialog: Yes, I don't need to shimmy,
dialog: I don't need to bop
dialog: 'Cause I'm doin', doin', doin'
dialog: THE IGNEOUS ROCK!
dialog: 119.
speaker_heading: 284 FRED 284
text: rolls out of the net and away from the others. He's
text: slightly stunned, still in the suit. He sits up...
text: suddenly lights snap on all around him! Fred looks up
dialog: and sees --
scene_heading: 285 HIS POV - CORDON OF POLICE OFFICERS 285
text: All with weapons aimed right at him. Spotlights on the
text: police car roofs (actually little fires with parabolic
text: mirrors) are operated by uniformed monkeys.
text: Feldspar is at the head of the group. He cocks his
text: shotgun. The elastic catapults at the hammers twitch
dialog: menacingly --
speaker_heading: FELDSPAR
dialog: It's the xenosaurus -- stand back,
dialog: men -- it's a vicious killer --
dialog: Ready -- Aim --
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: (with desperate poignancy)
dialog: High ham noght a zenosore! High
dialog: ham hay hooman beeng -- !
text: BAM! WHAM! KABAM! Bullets and projectiles begin
text: slamming all around Fred! He ducks behind a big fallen
text: chunk of Fibrerock -- catches his breath as the bullets
text: and shells bounce off its resilient surface.
speaker_heading: 286 CLOSE - FRED 286
text: Momentarily safe, he tries desperately to remove that
text: stupid head -- bangs it against the wall, tears at it
dialog: with his claws --
text: -- meanwhile, the chunk of Fibrerock protecting him
text: decomposes! He's back in the line of fire!
speaker_heading: 287 DINO 287
text: Flanked by Wilma, Barney and the kids, who are shouting
text: for the police to stop, only Dino the wonder bronto has
dialog: the wits to act!
text: "YI-YI-YI-ING," he races forward, CAMERA FOLLOWING --
text: and with lightning reflexes grabs the seat of Fred's
dialog: monster suit and -- de-pants him!
text: Instantly, Dino whirls Fred around, points to the now
text: revealed striped undershorts.
speaker_heading: 288 WIDER 288
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 120.
speaker_heading: 288 CONTINUED: 288
text: Then Officer Gravel takes a good look at that rear end.
speaker_heading: GRAVEL
dialog: Hey, those are the biggest shorts
dialog: I've ever seen...
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: ... It... it must be Mister
dialog: Flintstone! Cease fire!
dialog: (to Feldspar)
dialog: Gee, Sarge, now you don't have
dialog: to shoot him -- !
text: Now Fred confirms Gravel's hunch as the costume head
text: finally pops off. All the cops lower their guns.
text: (Strangely, though, Feldspar still continues to raise
text: his gun -- even aims! Then an alarmed Gravel wrestles
dialog: it away from his superior.)
scene_heading: 289 THE FLINTSTONES AND RUBBLES - DAWN 289
text: Safe, they all emotionally embrace. Fred even suffers
text: Dino's affection. (In the b.g., a police car holding
text: Piltdown, Pyrite and Lava drives past. Poindexter Lava
text: is chasing the car.)
speaker_heading: POINDEXTER
dialog: (distant)
dialog: Dad! Dad! Can I use the
dialog: Porscherock while you're in the
dialog: slammer?
text: Suddenly the Slates push their way into the group hug.
speaker_heading: SLATE
dialog: Flintstone. Rubble. I... I
dialog: don't know what to say. I... I
dialog: treated you horribly... I ignored
dialog: you, abused you... and then you
dialog: come here and risk your necks like
dialog: this... well, there's no price you
dialog: can put on something like that,
dialog: so I won't even try. But let me
dialog: give you...
dialog: (with great
dialog: poignancy)
text: ... a hearty handshake.
speaker_heading: MRS. SLATE
dialog: Dear, don't you think a little
dialog: more than that is in order?
speaker_heading: SLATE
dialog: Honey, you're being hysterical,
dialog: go lie down, okay?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 121.
scene_heading: 289 CONTINUED: 289
speaker_heading: MRS. SLATE
dialog: I am not being hysterical, I am
dialog: being fair -- now the Flintsteins
dialog: and Rabbles saved all of our
dialog: lives, not to mention your
dialog: reputation.
speaker_heading: SLATE
dialog: (sighing)
dialog: Okay, okay.
dialog: (to Fred and Barney)
dialog: Boys, I'm feeling guilty about
dialog: how you've been taken advantage
dialog: of, so I'll tell you what... I'm
dialog: going to give you back all
dialog: world-wide rights to Fibrerock,
text: free and clear.
text: He picks up a fragment of stone, begins writing on it.
speaker_heading: SLATE
dialog: Your only obligation will be to
dialog: cover oh, whatever legal expenses
dialog: might surface at some later time...
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: You think there's gonna be some?
text: Slate looks around at --
scene_heading: 290 HIS POV - THE RUINS AND DESTRUCTION 290
text: Smoking desolation as far as the eye and CAMERA can see.
text: As we watch the last remaining fragment of Slate City
text: collapse, crushing a police car.
scene_heading: 291 BACK TO SCENE 291
speaker_heading: SLATE
dialog: (casually)
dialog: Oh, you never know...
speaker_heading: 292 RESCUE DINOS 292
text: Several sniff at the air, look curiously at a nearby
text: pile of crumbled Fibrerock. One and then another
text: shuffles over, tentatively tastes some... grins... and
text: digs in! Seeing this, the "firesauruses" crane out
text: their necks, also begin chowing down on the pile of
text: Fibrerock crumbs.
scene_heading: 293 FRED, BARNEY, SLATE AND OTHERS 293
text: All turn at the growing sound of the ANIMALS PIGGING OUT.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 122.
speaker_heading: 293 CONTINUED: 293
text: Now DINO "YI-YI-YI'S" past this group and leaps into the
text: pile, munching like crazy.
text: Barney puts out his hand as chunks of Fibrerock shower
text: down like rain from the feeding frenzy. Catching some
text: pieces, he nibbles on it a little.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Barn...? What's going on?
speaker_heading: BARNEY
dialog: (sniffing it)
text: Lava Lava leaves... Woca sap...
dialog: all still there, but now the
dialog: nutrients are all released...
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: ... Fred, this... this is Dino
dialog: kibble!
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Dino kibble...?
text: Disbelieving, Fred moves over to the happily-munching
text: animals. He has to get on his knees to wiggle in with
text: the pack. He grabs some, stuffs it in his mouth...
text: chews. His eyes widen...
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: (mouth full)
dialog: Dhinough khibble!!
text: He spits it out, takes out the chunk of contract
dialog: Slate wrote on.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Barney, we -- we're rich!
dialog: Yabba dabba do -- !
speaker_heading: 294 SLATE 294
text: Faints dead away! The CAMERA PULLS BACK... BACK...
speaker_heading: BACK --
scene_heading: 295 EXT. DRIVE-IN MOVIE THEATRE - NIGHT 295
text: We're back where we began. As "The End" appears on the
text: drive-in screen, cars are streaming out of the drive-in
text: theatre. The Flintstone car is among them.
scene_heading: 296 EXT. DRIVE-IN RESTAURANT - NIGHT 296
text: Fred and company roll into a '50's-style drive-in
text: restaurant. A sign advertises BRONTO BURGERS AND RIBS.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 123.
speaker_heading: 296 CONTINUED: 296
text: A pretty carhop on stone roller skates glides over.
text: Fred holds up one finger towards her. She nods, scampers
text: O.S. Fred rubs his hands and licks his lips with antici-
text: pation... and then the girl returns with a massive rack
text: of ribs on a car tray. She hooks it on the edge of
text: the driver's door... and the entire car tips over with a
dialog: crash.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 297 EXT. FLINTSTONE HOUSE - NIGHT 297
text: WIDEN FROM the mailbox. Fred and family pull up. Dino
text: runs in first, followed by Wilma with Pebbles already
text: asleep on her shoulder. Fred follows, the saber-tooth
text: cat on his heels. Fred stops in the doorway to put a
text: milk bottle on the doorstep, and then puts the cat down
text: beside it. He shuts the door.
text: Quick as a flash, the cat leaps through the side window.
text: Pause. The door opens and the cat puts Fred out, then
text: slams the door! Fred recovers from his shock, tries the
dialog: door... it's locked!
speaker_heading: MUSIC (V.O.)
dialog: We'll have a yabba
dialog: dabba-do time
dialog: A dabba-do time
dialog: We'll have a gay old time!
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: (knocking)
dialog: Wilma...?
dialog: (another knock)
dialog: ... Wilma?
text: CAMERA CRANES UP, WIDENS as Fred becomes a tiny sil-
text: houette banging on the door.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Wilma? Wil-ma --!
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: THE END
text: THIS SCRIPT WAS PREPARED
scene_heading: BY WARNER BROS. INC.
scene_heading: SCRIPT PROCESSING DEPARTMENT
speaker_heading: (818) 954-4632
dialog: 
