dialog: 
speaker_heading: THE GODFATHER PART III
dialog: 
dialog: Written by
dialog: Mario Puzo &amp; Francis Ford Coppola
scene_heading: FIRST DRAFT. 3/22/79
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
speaker_heading: BEFORE TITLES:
text: The screen is black. First we hear the sound of a
text: single trumpet playing slowly and sadly, the notes
text: faintly resonant as if echoing through the narrow
text: streets of some old hill village in Sicily. Now,
text: confusingly, we see a slant of light move past us
dialog: and another, and as our surroundings become more
dialog: visible, we discover that we are moving through a
text: pine forest lit by shafts of morning sunlight. Now,.
text: suddenly, we come out of the trees and find ourselves
text: on the Nevada shore of Lake Tahoe.
text: It is a clear, cold morning in September of Nineteen
text: Fifty-nine. We now see the Corleone compound at
text: lakeside, half-hidden by pines and firs. We move
text: toward it, past the gates and guard houses, past
text: the guest houses, past the kennels for the guard
text: dogs, and finally to the front driveway of the main
text: house where a conservative sedan is being loaded by
text: a Chauffeur and a pair. of large dark-headed men named
text: Al Neri and Rocco Lampone. Rocco limps slightly.
text: As suitcases are being placed in the trunk of the
text: car, the front door to the main house opens and Tom
text: Hagen, a trim, serious, balding man in a business
text: suit, appears He crosses to the corner of the house
text: and looks off.
scene_heading: HAGEN'S POINT OF VIEW - THE LAKE AND LKSIDE
text: Standing by the shore of the lake is a little boy,.
text: Tony Adams Corleone, aged about ten. The boy, dressed
text: for travel, is looking off at the lake, his back to-
dialog: ward us.
scene_heading: REVERSE ANGLE - ON TONY
text: As he looks out at the lake we might sense that he
text: is troubled and puzzled, although he is managing to
text: keep his expression stoic. Hagen can be seen in the
dialog: background, by the house 9 After a moment:
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: .T
dialog: 2.
speaker_heading: CONTINIIED S
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Tony.
speaker_heading: (THEN)
dialog: Time to go.
text: There is a beat and Tony composes himself, turns and
text: moves up toward the house and Tom Hagen.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT OF TAEOE HOUSE AND DRIVEWAY - DAY
text: The heavy, black sedan is loaded. Connie Corleane
text: and a Housekeeper, in uniform, are bringing Mary,
text: about five, out to the car. She too is dressed for
text: travelling. As they put her into the car --
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: In you get ---
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Will. Daddy be at the airport?
speaker_heading: - ANOTHER ANGLE
text: as Tom and Tony come up.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: No. Ere wanted me to tell you both
dialog: how sorry he was.
speaker_heading: TONY
speaker_heading: (TO CONNIE)
dialog: Aunt Connie ..- ?
dialog: Connie would apparently prefer to avoid answering any
dialog: questions.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: 8e sure and give my love to your
dialog: mother.
speaker_heading: NERI
dialog: It isn't like you won't be back
dialog: from time to time.
speaker_heading: LAMPCNE
dialog: I' 11 bet we' 11 all. be together
dialog: for Christmas. Wait and see.
text: Tony gems into the car. He locks out the window to--
scene_heading: ward the house. We begin XXI-N Ti. TZS 2 C 2=17"s
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: E
dialog: 3.
speaker_heading: TEE DRIVEWAY
text: Hagen is the last one into the car. As it starts down
text: the driveway on its way to the airport in Reno, Connie,
text: Lampone, Neri and the Housekeeper all wave. The auto-
text: matic gate at the foot of the driveway opens. The
text: Guard at the gate flicks a half-salute as the Limousine
text: passes through.
scene_heading: TEE GROUP r n FONT OF EOQSE
text: As the group breaks, Connie and the Housekeeper going
text: back inside, Neri and Lampone drifting off, we pan up-
text: ward to a window in the second-story and zoom in.
text: Michael Corleone has moved the curtain aside with one
text: hand and is looking after the disappearing limousine,
text: his expression unreadable-but somehow sad.
scene_heading: ZNT. AIRLMPR - DAY
text: We are close on Tony, looking out the window of the
text: airliner, his own expression matching that of his
dialog: father.
scene_heading: EXT. LOGAN I_?i'Z'E.NATIONAL AI72ORT (STOCE) - DAY
text: as an airliner of the period comes in for a landing.
scene_heading: . YEW ENGLAND COUNITRYSIDE - DAY
text: A limousine is moving northbound up Interstate 93.
text: Maples on either side of the road are turning' red
text: and yellow. We pan the limousine past and continue
text: to pan to a sign marking the stateline between
dialog: Massachusetts and New Hampshire.
scene_heading: r .M. L:MC SINNE - DAY
text: It is almost night. Tony is looking out the window
text: as the limousine enters the little town of Hanover,
text: moves down past the Da. Louth College green on Eleazer
text: Wheelock Street and t7 rns right on north Main-
scene_heading: E`{'.r.'. XAY DAMS' ECUSr. - VIGRI'
dialog: We are an a post box, the name "Adams" on _ts Side.
dialog: We cull back _c '..:cl ude a modes +shi -e, ?aa-story
dialog: ! (ccrrT+_`?-? J
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 4.
speaker_heading: 0 CONTI` :
text: clapboard house with giant elms and maples in the front
text: yard. The limousine stops outside the house.
dialog: 4
text: Under its fanlight, the front door swings open and
text: Ray Adams comes out. As her children run to her she
text: kneels and gathers them into her arms. We move in
dialog: close on Tony and as we hold, the '' ?NN TITLES A.ND
text: CREDITS are over and we begin to hear
speaker_heading: SPEAKER' S VOICE
dialog: our Nation is and has been histor-
dialog: ically the symbol of freedom, of
dialog: justice and opportunity and its
dialog: pecui.iar strength is that no matter
dialog: what our individual background --
scene_heading: EXT. NAVY AIM MA.RI Z CORPS STADIUM - DAY
dialog: We are close on a young man, Anthony Adams (Corleone),
text: in the uniform of a Midshipman of the Naval Academy
text: at Annapolis. We are pulling back as the speaker --
dialog: who is Arne Grundellius, the Secretary of State --
text: continues, his accent faintly Scandinavian.
speaker_heading: • CRUNDELLIUS' VOICE
dialog: -- there are no limits to the goals
dialog: to which we can each legitimately
dialog: aspire. And now, as an unpopular war
dialog: is ended in East Asia and we set our
dialog: sights on new goals, I leave you with
dialog: the words of another Sailor ---
dialog: We continue to pull back to discover that we are at
text: the Navy and Marine Corps stadium. It is a late Spring
dialog: day and in the early-middle Nineteen Seventies. The
text: Midshipmen, their parents and guests, are gathered
dialog: for- the graduation ceremonies.
speaker_heading: GRQNDELLIIIS
dialog: ' Our will is to keep the torch of
dialog: freedom burning for all. To this
dialog: solemn purpose we call on the young,
dialog: the brave and the strong, and the
dialog: free. Heed my call. Come to the
dialog: sea. Come sail with me.'
speaker_heading: (THEN)
dialog: I'= sure the entire 3ricade of Mid-
dialog: shimen recogr zes the words o John
dialog: ^p ?aui Vo nes
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: S.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: During this speech we find we have been. moving through
text: the stadium. We find Tony's mother, Ray, among the
text: guests. We also see Tony's sister, Mary, about twenty,
dialog: Tom Hagen and Al Neri.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: The speech is over and as the audience applauds, the
text: Superintendent of the Academy crosses an to Grundellius.
speaker_heading: SIIPER2NTE11DENT
dialog: Thank you, lister Secretary -
text: As the Secretary of State crosses back to his seat,
text: the Superintendent addresses the microphone.
scene_heading: SUPERZNT-".j. DENT
dialog: The following First Classmen will
dialog: step forward to receive their
dialog: diplomas.
dialog: The Superintendent consults a list which an Aid has
dialog: supplied- The Superintendent reads off. the first
dialog: t'o names, then
dialog: 0
speaker_heading: SUPERINTENDENT
dialog: Trident Scholar Anthony Adams
text: At the sound of his name Tony rises and moves toward-
dialog: the Speaker's platform. We
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. TEE SPEAF.R'S PL?TFORM - DAY
dialog: The final First Classman -has received the final diploma
text: and is.moving off as a Midshipman runs up to center
dialog: stage, and.-in accordance with long tradition ---
speaker_heading: MIDS$IPMAN
dialog: I propose three cheers for those
dialog: about to leave us. Eig hip!
dialog: (the Brigade answers
dialog: with a roar)
speaker_heading: SIN- HIP:
speaker_heading: (AGAIN)
speaker_heading: HIP :LIP
dialog: The Brigade answers for the th:i.rd time aid as the Mid-
dialog: sh pma.. runs cff, his =lace is taken by a RepreSen- by
dialog: tat.?.ve of the graduating class.
dialog: 0
speaker_heading: (CCNT TL"ZD) -
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 6.
speaker_heading: CON IN = :
speaker_heading: FIRST CLASSMAN
dialog: I propose three cheers for those
dialog: we leave behind. Hip hip
speaker_heading: (HURRAY)
dialog: Hip hip!
speaker_heading: (HURRAY)
speaker_heading: SIP HIP
speaker_heading: ?EA aR=G TONY
text: As the graduating Midshipmen give their last full-
text: throated response and skim their hats into the air,
dialog: Tony -- half a beat behind the others -- does like-
text: wise. We pull back and pan upward to the explosion
text: of white hats arching through the air.
speaker_heading: CAT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. NAVAL ACADEMY YA?W -- DAY
dialog: We pick up a man named Stu Palmateer moving th-rough
text: the group of strolling Midshipmen and their guests.
text: Palmateer, is a poised, pleasant, tough man abcut
text: forty, dressed in the unifora of a Marine Caotai.n_
text: He spots Tony in a group with his guests, near the
dialog: 0 statue of Tecumseh.
text: TONY AND THE OT!ERS.
text: Tony is standing with Kay, Mara Hagen and Al Nexi.
dialog: Tony turns as --
speaker_heading: (COMING UP)
dialog: Congratulations, Tony.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Thank you, Sir.
speaker_heading: (THEN)
dialog: Captain Palmateer, I'd like to
dialog: present you to my Mother, Mrs.
dialog: Adams -- my. sister, star,{ ---
speaker_heading: (THEN)
dialog: And this is Mister 3agen, a very
dialog: old friend, and Al Teri - T used
dialog: to ride on his shoulders when I
dialog: was a little 1:ov-
text: Pa: ateer ,as gzeeted the ladies, shaken hands with
dialog: he men, ad l bi.: c appropriately. Nice to .eet u,
dialog: so cn.
speaker_heading: (CL?? T )
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: K
dialog: 7.
speaker_heading: PALMATEER
speaker_heading: (TO XAY
dialog: I'm sorry to drag him off this
dialog: way, Mam.
speaker_heading: (TO TONY)
dialog: Ready?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: (nods, then)
dialog: See you all tonight.
text: Tony kisses his mother and he and Palmateer move off.
scene_heading: EXC. GEORGE, WASEIYGTCN BELTWAY - DAY
text: We pick up a car coming along the Washington Beltway
text: approaching the CIA turnoff near Langley, Virginia.
text: We pan with it, then continue to pan over to a road
text: sign which reads, "Central Intelligence Agency".
scene_heading: LIT. T3E CAR - DAY
text: Palmateer is driving. Tony sits next to h.m. They
dialog: make the turnoff to the CIA, go up the access road,
text: 0 come to a stop at the entrance. As the Marine Guard
text: comes out of the guardhouse and up to the car, Palmateer
text: is taking out his identification.
scene_heading: • EXT. TEE MAIN CIA 3UILDLNG - DAY
text: Palmateer and Tony, on foot now, move up to the build-
text: ing. They move through the front doors.
scene_heading: =4T. . CIA BUILD LNG (LOBBY). - DAY
text: We are in he gigantic foyer of the CIA building. The
text: camera is focused on the CIA motto, etched boldly into
text: the white marble wall. It reads: "YE SHALL M TOW T=
scene_heading: TRUTH AND THE TRIIT$ SEA" MA=- YOU FREE" .
dialog: We pan off the motto to pick up Palnateer and Tony
text: as they move through the great, columned rcom toward
text: the desk at the end. The Guard at the desk, seeing
text: Paimateer' s identification, signals h 1m and Tony up
text: to the Badge Office which i.s up a flight of steps on
dialog: the ricnt.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: I
dialog: S.
scene_heading: 0 I . CIA BU=SIT MA.DGE OF-vICF,) - DAY
text: as Palmateer shows his identification to a Woman
dialog: behind the desk:
speaker_heading: PPL4MATEER
dialog: Captain Palzaateer.
dialog: (then, indic-
speaker_heading: ATES TONY)
dialog: Mister- Adams. We have an appoint-
dialog: ment with the D.D.P.
text: The Woman gives Palmateer his badge, checking the photo
text: on the badge against his face before she does so.
text: Palmateer initials the form she gives him as she gives
text: Tony his pass and stamps it in large letters: "rust
speaker_heading: BE ACCCIMPANIED%
speaker_heading: I=. CIA BtJILAING (LOBBY) - DAY
text: Within the foyer is another crate separating the foyer
dialog: from the inner sanctum of the building itself. We are
text: on the Gate Guards as they check the badges and passes
dialog: of those entering.
text: They nod Palmateer and Tony through the gate. We pan
text: them toward the bank of varicolored elevators. As
dialog: they go to the elevators we hear ---
speaker_heading: PALMATEER' S VC ICE
dialog: This is a. preliminary interview,
dialog: not binding on either party. The
dialog: next step, if it's agreed to take
dialog: that step, would be a session with
dialog: the Assessment and Evaluation sec-
dialog: tion. Psychological testing.
dialog: Biographical data. Ends with a
dialog: polygraph test.
scene_heading: SIM. CIA BUILDING (SIXTH FLOOR) - DAY
text: We are on the elevator doors as they open and Palmateer
text: and Tony emerge. They walk down the corridor with its
text: bare, off-white walls. The floors are covered; with
text: green vinyl. Only the office doors add color. They
text: are painted variously, red, blue and yellow. As they
dialog: go down the long ha. Tway:
speaker_heading: PATZA,E
dialog: ?.ssum ._^_c no serious orobiams cc-me
dialog: to light, y cv will be g..ven pro-
dialog: visional operao_ons apz=va_, effec-
dialog: 0 tive fors .x non zhs . di x. q rich
speaker_heading: (C JNT =ED )
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: I
dialog: 9.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED :
speaker_heading: PALMATEER (Cont' d)
dialog: time you would be sent to our fac-
dialog: ility at Camp Peary for a special
dialog: training program --
text: Tony and Pal.mateer enter the office at the far- end
dialog: of the hall.
scene_heading: iT. MOREECUSE'S OFFICE - DAY
text: It is a reasonably large office as befits one of the
text: top echelon CIA men. Morehouse, himself, sits at a
text: large desk. The seal of the Agency is an the wall
text: behind him, flanked by the National flag and the
dialog: Agency flag, an standards.
dialog: We are close on Thomas Morehouse, about fifty-five,
text: an imposing, silver-haired mar.. He locks up from a
dialog: dossier he's been studying, then:
speaker_heading: =REHOUSE
dialog: Would you have any objections to
dialog: being assigned to us, Mister Adams?
speaker_heading: ANOT: R ANCLH
text: including Tony and Pal steer who sit across the desk
dialog: from Morehouse.
speaker_heading: TO:JY
dialog: That would depend on the duty,
dialog: Sir.
speaker_heading: MOREHOUSE
speaker_heading: (TO PALMATEER)
dialog: How much have you told ii=, Stu?
dialog: PAL,`?ATEE.'
dialog: Just that there was an assignment
dialog: we thought he'd be suited for.
speaker_heading: MOREHOQSr.
dialog: All right.
speaker_heading: (THEN)
dialog: We've been authorized and funded
dialog: to carry out a too priority covert
dialog: operation in Latin America. Captain
dialog: Palmateer w lZ be Field Coordinator.
dialog: Your job wou.l.d be s.iasor..
dialog: There is a beat, then:
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: -R
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: CONTMILTED :
speaker_heading: MOBS' OTJSE
dialog: Something the matter, Mister Adams?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Before we go into polygraphs and
dialog: so on, there's something you might
dialog: not know.
speaker_heading: MCB EOUS.c
dialog: Fact is, we know quite a bit.
speaker_heading: (READS FROM
speaker_heading: DOSSIER)
dialog: Adams, Anthony. No middle initial.
dialog: Born New York Nursery and Childs'
dialog: Hospital, rebruary 3rd, 1951.
text: Mother and father separated.
speaker_heading: - TONY
dialog: Divorced.
speaker_heading: MOREEOUSE
dialog: Divorced.
text: Morehouse. scratches the correction into the dossier.
dialog: with a pencil, then:
text: MO.'3EHOUSE.
dialog: You were raised in Hanover, New
dialog: Hampshire. Your mother teaches
dialog: school. Name legally changed in
dialog: 1963. Attended Phillips Exeter.
dialog: Lettered in ice hockey.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: And baseball.
speaker_heading: MOREEOUSE
dialog: And baseball.
speaker_heading: (NODS)
dialog: Your father is Michael Co=l--one, a
dialog: resident of Nevada. Re's principal
dialog: stockholder of Genco International,
dialog: a corporation that deals mainly in
dialog: hotels and casinos, but they also
dialog: have interests in an alive cil com-
dialog: pany, a charter airline, laundromats,
dialog: nursing homes, so on.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Does this assignment have scmet-h4 n5
dialog: to do wit nv =a;, er?
dialog: tc NT.?w.•'?VZD}
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: I
dialog: ?I.
speaker_heading: 0 CONTIYU:
speaker_heading: MOREHOUSE
dialog: only in so far as he has certain
dialog: business connections that might
dialog: be willing to help us.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Y haven't seen my father since I
dialog: was ten years old.
speaker_heading: MOREEOUSE
dialog: No contact at all?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I get a Christmas present and a
dialog: check or. my birthday --that's
dialog: about it. As far as I know, he's
dialog: retired. Doesn't see anyone.
speaker_heading: OREEOUSE M
dialog: Yes. That's why I was anxious to
dialog: have this meeting today -- while
dialog: Mister Hagen was still in Washington.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER VGI2
text: 0 as Tony pauses, thinking. After a moment:
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I really don't know if I can help
dialog: you very much, Mister :Korehouse.
speaker_heading: MOREHOUSE
dialog: Let me ask you a personal question,
dialog: Tony.. Do you love your Country ,-
dialog: (holds up hand)
dialog: I'm not talking about t.'::e Nathan
dialog: Hale kind of thug. Just simply,
dialog: warts and all, do you dish this
dialog: Nation well?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Yes, of course.
speaker_heading: MOREHCUSE
dialog: Well, what if w told you -- and
dialog: trying nct to be grandiose -- that
dialog: this one operation might very ael'6
dialog: insure peace on this :iemisnhere for
dialog: the next: f.i t r vea s . Maybe Mora.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: ?2.
scene_heading: EXT. A RESTAURANT TERRACE (WASHINGTON) RIGHT
dialog: We are an the terrace of a pleasant restaurant over-
text: looking Washington D.C. The dome of the Capitol
text: building is impressively floodlit as are the Washi:g-
dialog: ton monument and the White :louse.
text: Tony and Hagen are leaning on the terrace railing,
text: looking out. A Waiter has just finished pouring coffee
text: for them. As the Waiter moves off, Tony throws a look
dialog: at $agen, then:
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Well?
speaker_heading: HA,EN
dialog: Let me make sure I'm clear on this.
dialog: You're telling me that the Govern-
dialog: ment would like the Corleone family
dialog: to perfatm a service for them --
dialog: probably involving some friends of
speaker_heading: R
dialog: ours in Latin America.
speaker_heading: TONY
speaker_heading: RIGHT_
speaker_heading: AAGEN
dialog: s Where? Who's concerned? What
dialog: would it entail, speci.-46ically?
speaker_heading: TOUR
dialog: I don't know that vet.
speaker_heading: EMMIT
dialog: When will you be able to tell me
dialog: these things?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: As soon as they decide I.'m not a
dialog: Russian spy.
speaker_heading: A IOTSM XYGLE
text: as Eaaen smiles, shakes his head. Sureaucracy..
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: What they'd like to fi:d out. right
dialog: now is: Wctzd you be interested?
speaker_heading: 3AGEI
dialog: :' L... :.et you .c.-tct?•.
speaker_heading: TCN??Y
dialog: no ?4U save to cheCx i :tv fat er
dialog: (c N'" =NL ?D )
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: IT
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: CONTIWED
speaker_heading: HAGEN
speaker_heading: TONY
speaker_heading: HAGEN
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I think about Tahoe sometimes.
dialog: Is the fishing still good up
dialog: there?
speaker_heading: 0 HAGZ
dialog: I suppose so. I'm in Vegas most
dialog: of the time..
speaker_heading: F
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Those were good days.
speaker_heading: EAGEN
dialog: Yes. They were.
speaker_heading: ANOTBER ANGLE
text: As Al Teri cones up, looking at his watch.
speaker_heading: NERI
dialog: You still want to catch that
dialog: shuttle to New York?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Yes. Thank you, Al.
speaker_heading: (TO TONY)
dialog: Where can I reach you?
text: Tony scribbles an address on a card and hands it to
dialog: Hagen. As'he looks at it:
speaker_heading: HAGEZY
dialog: Q.S. Navy Research 'acili.ty.
speaker_heading: (THEN)
dialog: Research on what?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Nothing. it-'s a dummy out: i,t.
dialog: That phone rings in Langley,
dialog: but they'll know where I am.
text: f f Agen nods and guts the card in his wallet a we
dialog: TO:
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: l4.
scene_heading: M. tNTERF.OGATION ROOM ONE (CIA) -- DAV
text: Tony is completing a test, fitting blocks together
text: against time. The First•Interrogator is watching
text: impassively, stopwatch in hand.
text: Tony finishes, straightens. The Interrogator clicks
text: the stopwatch impassively, giving no indication
dialog: whether or not Tony has passed the test.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION ROOM TWO (CIA) - DAY
text: The Second Interrogator, a psychiatrist, is seated
dialog: I
text: behind a desk rocking at a little steeple that he's
text: made of his hands.
speaker_heading: 2ND INTERROGATOR
dialog: And you were never curious?
speaker_heading: ?NCTMM NGLE
text: including Tony who sits across the desk from the
dialog: Interrogator.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: About what?
speaker_heading: 2ND INTEMOGATOR
dialog: Why your father sent you away.
dialog: You never wondered about it?
dialog: You must have thought something.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I thought he had his reasons.
speaker_heading: 2ND INTERROGATOR
dialog: And you don't feel any resentment?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: 110.
scene_heading: 2ND 7.NNT .'RR0GATOR
dialog: What do you feel?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Nothi..ng
dialog: The Secor_d Iuterro,acor glandes •cver. The ~t ace of
dialog: anger in Tor_v`s _as- response has told hiz. and us
dialog: somethinc .
dialog: C"^' TO: ui-
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 15.
scene_heading: 0 T. L"tT-_.RROGATION ROOM TER= - DAY
text: Tony sits in a chair in a small room with acoustical
text: tile on the walls and ceiling. Behind hint is a desk-
text: like structure with a built-in apparatus of dials,
text: graph paper and odd, narrow metal pens.
text: Tony is connected to the desk ensemble by three appara-
text: tuses: a blood pressure cuff attached to his arm,. an
dialog: accordian tube around the chest to measure changes in
text: breathing rhythms; a hand-held device with electrodes
dialog: which measures changes in perspiration or galvanic skin
dialog: response.
text: The Third Interrogator sits at the desk behind Tony,
text: asking questions slowly and checking the three styluses
text: on the rolling graphs.
speaker_heading: 3RD INTERROGATOR
dialog: Have you ever visited a Ccnsmunist
dialog: Country?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: 3RD INTER3CGATOR
dialog: Have you ever belonged to a Commu-
dialog: 9 aist Organization?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: 3RD IN`'ERROGATOR
dialog: Are you telling the ruth?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: 3RD INTERROGATOR
dialog: Have you ever had a homosexual ex-
dialog: perience?
text: Tony turns and looks at the Third Interrogator.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: No. Save vou?
dialog: The ;"hi=d Interrogator tenses angrily for a ncment,
speaker_heading: THEN:
speaker_heading: 31-I0 :N'_r'ERRCGATCR
dialog: Its esser zia1 that you face the
dialog: i f lar and answer the ClUest'_oi:s ?es
dialog: at 1o.
speaker_heading: (CCNT'Z Nt D)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: CCNTZ''' 'ITFED :
text: Tony turns back to the wall, then:
speaker_heading: 3RD I:YT RROGATOR
dialog: Do you have any friends in the
dialog: Communist Party?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: CTT TO:
scene_heading: INT. I:YT...c2ROGATZON ROOM TS-M2 - DAY
text: It is later. Tony is on his feet getting ready to
text: leave. as the Third Interrogator is checking over the
text: graphs with their red ink squiggles.
speaker_heading: 3RD TERROGATOR
dialog: I get a high galvanic response on
dialog: question twenty-three.
speaker_heading: (CHECKS SECOND
speaker_heading: GRAPH)
dialog: Z also have agitation indicated
dialog: on your cardio tracing on the
dialog: same question: 'Do you have any
dialog: close friends in. the Communist
dialog: Party?' Your answer was negative.
dialog: Would you like to amend that?
text: Tony has rolled down his sleeve and out on his coat.
text: He pauses at the door, then:
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: It's my roommate up at Eseter.
dialog: Phil Bodeen.
speaker_heading: 3RD INT.'RRCGATCR
dialog: He's a Ma.- xist?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Z don't know.
speaker_heading: (GRINS)
dialog: But last time r saw him he had an
dialog: American flag sewn to --..e seat
dialog: of his pants.
speaker_heading: 3RD INT=.RCGATOR
dialog: And how did 'cu feel about tat?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: ( sh..?ug s
dialog: L gis y y r r 1 1 +I GrL MCI n
speaker_heading: E (CON ` tZD)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: WONT : F
speaker_heading: 3RD &gt;arr.` 3ROGATOR
dialog: That's interesting.
speaker_heading: TONV
dialog: what?
speaker_heading: 3RD INTERROGATOR
dialog: You think it's perfectly all right
dialog: to sew the Nation's flag to the
dialog: seat of your pants?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: As a matter of fact Z don't.
speaker_heading: (THEN)
dialog: But the Supreme Court does. Syza-
dialog: bclic freedom of speach. Protec
dialog: ted under the First Amendment.
text: As Tony tuffs to go :
speaker_heading: 3RD INTERROGATOR
dialog: Adam me?
speaker_heading: TONY
speaker_heading: (TURNS BACK)
dialog: Sir?
dialog: 0
speaker_heading: 3RD INTERROGATOR
dialog: I take it you're prepared to die for
dialog: that right?
speaker_heading: TOUR
dialog: No, Sir. Dying doesn't fit in with
dialog: my plans at all.
speaker_heading: 3RD M47TRROGATOR
dialog: Just what are your plans, Mister Adams?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: T plan on passing this thing
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: TNT. HANDBALL COURT - DAY
text: Tony and Stu Palszateer are in sweat clothes, playing
dialog: a hard, ma-mercy game Of handball. ?almateer is close
text: as he hits the ball:
speaker_heading: PAT.MATE R
speaker_heading: YOU WILL
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: COHTZ.wE :
text: We whip pan to Tony, returning the shot.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: What makes you think so?
speaker_heading: PALMAT Z.P..
dialog: You've got friends in high places,
dialog: chino(.
dialog: As Tony puts one away:
speaker_heading: PAI.6VxT..,ER
dialog: Shot..
speaker_heading: P (THEN)
dialog: Believe me, you'll be reading-in
dialog: on the project by next week.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: =T. IBO CATION BUILDING (St.PSEY CITY) - DAY
text: We are on the front entrance of the building owned by
dialog: the International Brotherhood of Dockworkers. This is
text: the National Headquarters Building, so indentified by
text: a plaque of some kind. Tom Hagen enters this buildinq
dialog: 0 followed ?;y Al, Neri.
scene_heading: MM. BRA.DY' S OUTER OFT= - DAY
text: The President of the Union, Patrick Brady, a large,
text: red-faced, hearty man, comes bursting out of a door
text: and crosses up to Hagen and Neri.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Tom! Alberto ! Come in. Come in
dialog: This way.
dialog: I (to Secretary)
dialog: No calls, :Maggie.
speaker_heading: 1
scene_heading: =41Z. CCNFEP,.N=_ BOOM - DAY
text: This is a very plush room with heavy carpets, a long
text: polished table and a large portrait of the Union's ex-
text: president, Danny Devito. Under this portrait is a bar
text: at which Brady stands pouring drinks into crystal.
dialog: glasses. -
dialog: As he t r=ls the drin s, y Yea the w..T..rzh Ner+
speaker_heading: K
dialog: then as he gi"Ies the secon d one to Iacer: °-
speaker_heading: (CDNT t D)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: CONTINVZD
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: You're looking good, Tom. How do
dialog: you keep your belly so flat?
speaker_heading: EAGEN
dialog: Mainly trying to rum you down.
speaker_heading: $RADY
dialog: Do You think this outfit =ins
dialog: itself?
speaker_heading: RAG=
dialog: I think you're stalling us, Pat.
speaker_heading: BRADY
speaker_heading: StaLLJag?
speaker_heading: (TO UTERI)
dialog: Will you listen to this guy?
speaker_heading: (GRINS AT
speaker_heading: HAGEN)
dialog: You want to know when I got back
dialog: from New Orleans? Ten-thi.-ty last
dialog: night. Big problems.
speaker_heading: 3AGE1
dialog: I understand and S sympathize, but
dialog: you've had our proposal for a month ---
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANCE
text: Brady crosses to the head of the board table where
text: he opens a :older and starts riffling through some
text: papers. As he does so, Eagen opens his briefcase.
speaker_heading: BAGEN
dialog: '1f you've misplaced it, I have a
dialog: copy of the package plus. a summary
dialog: of Genco International's assets and
dialog: projected profits based on audited
dialog: financial statements with additional
dialog: data supplied by our Comptroller.
dialog: I also have the plans and estimates.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: okay. okay. I found 4-
speaker_heading: (THEN)
dialog: You want a i'i,ty M :?lion do? la=
dialog: line of credit to be. granted is
dialog: full to Genco azternatiorai and
dialog: Subsidiaries and so on and so -73rth --
speaker_heading: (-OAKS AN)
dialog: For a. hotel in tlar tic City? 7-'s
dialog: a lot of money, '^o t.
speaker_heading: (C.` CN'i _.dL: E^u )
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: CONT'VCZD :
speaker_heading: BAG T
dialog: Not if they vote in local option
dialog: gambling. And they will.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: That's beside the point. ?act
dialog: is, those days are over when Danny
dialog: used to hand it out like so much
dialog: free lunch. There's been a big
dialog: reduction in our c fitment to new
dialog: construction loans.
speaker_heading: RAGR`
dialog: How Long has that policy been in
dialog: effect?
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Let me read you something.
speaker_heading: ANGTIMR ANG '.E
text: as Brady withdraws a newspaper cut-out, obviously an
dialog: editorial, from the folder.
speaker_heading: 3RADY
dialog: S It's headed2 Take the hcod out
dialog: of the Brotherhood.
speaker_heading: (LOOKS UP)
dialog: Cute?
speaker_heading: (READS)
dialog: 'It. is precisely men like Patrick
dialog: Brady -- who took over the Pres-
dialog: idency of the I3D when the former
dialog: President, Danny Devito was packed
dialog: off to prison, who must be watched
dialog: by the SEC. Because of the tremen-
dialog: dous economic power of the anion
dialog: Pension Funds, these men -- with
dialog: their syndicate connections --- are
dialog: putting the Underworld in a position
dialog: to dominate the American economy
speaker_heading: (THEN)
dialog: What more can I tell vou?
dialog: A
dialog: You can tell me if the answer is
dialog: yes or no.
dialog: As Brady crosses to the 4a!-! where ?.e ? arge srt dio
dialog: Por-trai.t of Danny Devito, a tcugh-lcok zc __ctle Tay,
speaker_heading: E
speaker_heading: (CONTI ITv:.D )
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: I
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: CCNTI tUEI? :
text: is framed in a place of honor. After a moment Brady
text: shakes his head and turns back to Hagen.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: t'm sorry, Tom. :Such as I love and
dialog: respect cur former president, I
dialog: don't have any burning urge to end
text: up rooming with him at Leavenworth.
speaker_heading: EAGW
dialog: Before you give me your final re-
dialog: fusal., I'd like to say one thing ---
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: You've just had my final refusal,
dialog: Hagen. The answer is no.
speaker_heading: i ANOTHER ANGLZ
text: as Hagen looks at Brady for a moment, then starts
text: putting papers back into his briefcase. As he does so:
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: No hard feelings. It's just a
dialog: policy decision of the Board.
speaker_heading: BAGEN
dialog: I understand and I thank you for
dialog: your time ---
speaker_heading: NERI
speaker_heading: (TO BRADY)
dialog: I'll see you around, Pat.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: What's that supposed to mean?
speaker_heading: M
dialog: It means I'll see you around.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: What am t supposed to do? Get
dialog: scared? Piss in my pants?
dialog: ,,To one is trfing to intimidate you.
dialog: The Corleone :° ti.ly doesn't do
dialog: business that wacr,
speaker_heading: 3RADY
dialog: T h e Cori eons 4ami? y doesn't do
speaker_heading: (C ON"r y zt, D )
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: CONTZ4"D :.
speaker_heading: BRADY (CONT'D)
dialog: a hell of a lot of business, period.
dialog: The way Z hear it, you're finished.
text: With Mike locked away in a rubber
dialog: room someplace, and a two million
dialog: dollar tax lein on your Vegas prop-
dialog: erty, you. got the balls to come in
dialog: here and try to run muscle on me.
dialog: Get out of here. Both of you.
speaker_heading: SAGE N
dialog: We were just going.
text: Hagen has packed his papers into his briefcase. Now
text: he nods at Neri and as both turn, and start toward the
speaker_heading: DOOR:
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Wait a minute.
text: Hagen turns back. Brady comes up with the Genco Inte.r-
dialog: national loan application.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Take this along with you in case
dialog: you run out of toilet paper on
dialog: 0 the flight back to Vegas.
text: 3agen takes the application from Brady, then cuietly:
dialog: E ,Gr 3
dialog: Don't ever think that the Corleone
dialog: Tamily is finished, Mister Brady.
dialog: That would be a mistake.
text: Hagen and Neri now turn and exit. Brady is looking
text: after them. Gradually the bravado drains from his
text: big, pink, Irish face and he crosses to the telephone
text: and picks it up.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Gat me Sam Maatrocina.
speaker_heading: CITT 1 '60
scene_heading: ELT . MAATRCCIii .' S YACET (LONG ZS LADIM MARIMTl) - DAY
text: We are close on the hatchway to the main Salon as
dialog: Sam iaatroci_na, the slick, sharp, middle-aged Don
dialog: of a. powerf :.L New York faoi i y, comes up into shot
dialog: and pauses, smiling cff:
speaker_heading: CONT==,cm
dialog: I
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 4
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: CONTSNVED :
speaker_heading: MAATROCINA
dialog: There's a trick to it, Pat.
speaker_heading: ANOT$ER ANGLE
text: including the canopied afterdeck of %laatrocina's
text: lovely yacht, moored among others of its type in
dialog: a splendid :forth Shore Long Island marina.
text: Pat Brady, looking out of place in his suit and
text: city shoes,atands trying to light a cigar with a
dialog: table lighter.
speaker_heading: I BRADY
dialog: Hello Sam. I'm sorry to have
dialog: bothered you.
text: We pull back slightly as Maatrocina --- in neat yacht-
text: ing whites and deck shoes - comes up followed by a
text: cold-looking man, Ralph Augusto, Maatrocina's hood.
speaker_heading: TROC
dialog: No bother at all.
speaker_heading: (TO AUGUSTO)
dialog: Light the man's cigar for him,
dialog: Ralph..
text: As Augusta comes up, takes the lighter from Brady and
dialog: sets about the business of lighting the big, Union
speaker_heading: LEADER'S CIGAR:
speaker_heading: MAATRCCINA
dialog: So what's our friend Tcm Hagen sp
dialog: to these days?
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Still shopping around for that loan.
speaker_heading: MAATROCINA
dialog: Lots of luck to him.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Thank you, Ralph.
text: Augusta, having lit Brady's cigar, nods expression-
dialog: lessly and sits as:
speaker_heading: 3RADY
dialog: T h ey ;ri ed to =1=_-W a scare at me.
dialog: w^1TI\Z'v.Z0 ;
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: I
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: CONT=NRED :
speaker_heading: MAATROCIIA
dialog: Don't worry about it.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Something about Hagen kind of
dialog: bothered me.
text: Maatrocina offers a platter of grapes to Brady.
speaker_heading: MAATRCC=TA
dialog: You like a grape?
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: No thank you.
dialog: I
speaker_heading: M ATROCINA
dialog: I'll te12 you haw tough Hagen is --
speaker_heading: {EATS A
speaker_heading: GRAPE)
dialog: Ralph Auqusto will make in squat
text: down in the middle of Times Square
dialog: in the rush hour and take a shit.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Yeah? What about Al Neri?
dialog: 0
speaker_heading: MAATROCINA
dialog: I tell you don't worry -- don't
dialog: worry. You stick with the -Maatro-
dialog: ciza famly you're safe as church.
speaker_heading: (THEN)
dialog: That I promise you on my mother's
dialog: grave.
text: As Maatrocina leans across with the grapes again:
speaker_heading: MAATROCINA
dialog: Do me a favor.. One grape. I grow
dialog: 'em at my own place. They're de-
dialog: licious.
text: As Brady takes a grape, Maatrocina looks over at Ralph
speaker_heading: AUGUSTO:
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGI. - FEATURING AUGu STO
text: As he nods almost iimperceptibly, gets un and goes,
dialog: I TO:
speaker_heading: E
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 24.
scene_heading: 0 NETWORK NEWSROOM (WASBINGTON) - DAY
dialog: We pick up Elizabeth Ann Dunne, about 30. She is a
dialog: television personality, mainly an interviewer of
dialog: celebrities, although sometime a Newsweman and talk-
text: show performer. She is poised, attractive, warm,
text: hirp. She is coming out of an office. She crosses
text: through the newsroom with its teletypes and general
text: sense of activity. A Cameraman comes up to her:
speaker_heading: CAMERAMAN
dialog: You ready, Liz?
speaker_heading: ELIZA$ETE
text: f i fteen minutes. Out in front.
text: We follow her out of the newsroom, dawn a hallway and
text: around a corner and in through a. door rrar!ced, "Projec-
dialog: tion Room One".
scene_heading: =T. PROJECTION ROOM ONE
text: Elizabeth comes into the projection room, pausing in
text: the doorway as her eyes adjust to the change in light.
speaker_heading: A? M OT R ANGLE
dialog: We see that Tony, in miform, is the only otter person
text: in the projection 'roem. Tony takes out a cigarette
dialog: lighter.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Here.
text: As Tony flicks the lighter on:
speaker_heading: ELTZAAET
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: My name's Adams. Tony Adams.
speaker_heading: (THEN)
dialog: Z know who you are Miss Dunne.
text: As Elizabeth finds a seat, we see that what is being
dialog: run i.n this Projection room is an interview ime-troreen
text: Elizabeth and a large, attractive, Latin-American
dialog: political leader named Arnando. ?Tidal. They sit to-
dialog: get er at the --col area of a lur..ar r hotel. Tidal wears
dialog: a fatigue uni.fc= without any insignia whatsoever- The
dialog: image of Elizabeth an screen is saving-
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: C
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: 0 CONTNUED:
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH'S VCIC
dialog: Senor Presidente, there are still
dialog: those who say that in spite of the
dialog: advances you've made, your Country
dialog: still falls short of the Democratic
speaker_heading: IDEAL ---
speaker_heading: VIDAL
text: Obviously. However, the convulsions
dialog: that my Countz went through four
dialog: years ago last February were not so
dialog: much a revolution as they were a --
speaker_heading: (PAUSES)
dialog: I am thinking of the labors of
dialog: I Herculi.o --- in the stable
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH'S VOZC
dialog: A cleansing.
speaker_heading: S VIDAL
dialog: Exactly. Muchas gracias. My Country
dialog: was befouled by the corruption of
dialog: its leaders and their exploitation
dialog: at the people. A hard cleansing was
dialog: needed and sometimes that is painful --
dialog: but the pain is over and now Z am
dialog: 0 hoping. that qty little Cc=try and
dialog: your great Yaticn can once again be
speaker_heading: FRIENDS ----
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH'S VOICE
dialog: I'm sure a lot of pecple say Amen
dialog: to that, Senor Presidente.
text: On the screen the scene has shifted to an attractive
text: beach area where Vidal, in a wet suit, is adjusting
text: his'-scuba gear preparitory to diving. Admiring child--
dialog: red and Elizabeth Ann. Duane watch. Over this:
speaker_heading: J
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH'S VOICE
text: For a glimpse of another facet of
dialog: Armando Vidal's nat•.ire, we spent the
dialog: last day at the beach at Finca del
dialog: Sol Where El Presidente exhibited
dialog: his skills as a scuba diver -- one
dialog: of his favorite hobbies.
text: On the screen Vidal --ousels a kid' s ha..- and crosses
text: into the water. As he wades out, Tony turns to
dialog: Elizabeth.
speaker_heading: (C CNT=IL EC ;
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: T
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: CONTZLVTIED :
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: When will this be shown?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Sometime in the Fall.
text: While Elizabeth, in the projection room, is saying
text: this. her image on the screen has turned to the T4
dialog: camera and is saying:
speaker_heading: ELIZABETB'S VOICE
dialog: This is Elizabeth Ann Dunne coming
dialog: to you from Finca del Sol where --
dialog: in an exclusive interview -- El
dialog: Presidents, Armando Vidal, has just
dialog: extended the hand of friendship
dialog: from quote, 'his little Country to
dialog: our great Nation . '
dialog: I
speaker_heading: ANOTESR ANGLE
text: The reel is over. The screen goes blank and the
text: lights in the projection room go on.
speaker_heading: ELIZA.BET?I
dialog: 40 What is it that you're working on? 16
dialog: Some sort of'a psychological pro-
dialog: file on Vidal for the Navy Depart-
dialog: ment?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Right. There's a couple of ques-
dialog: tions I wanted to ask you, if that's
dialog: okay.
speaker_heading: (THEN)
dialog: What are you doing about lunch?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I ignoring it. I've got to pick up
dialog: some shots around town, but you're
dialog: welcome to come along.
text: They are at the projection: room door. As Tony cpens
dialog: it for her she causes, then:
speaker_heading: ELIZABET3
dialog: You ever play any baseball, :lister
dialog: Adams?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Sow did you guess h.at?
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: I
dialog: I
dialog: 26-A.
speaker_heading: CCNTTX= :
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I saw you pitch a no-hitter against
dialog: Army two years ago.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: You're kidding.
speaker_heading: TI' ZA3ETH
dialog: L don't kid about no hitters..
dialog: Elizabeth exits. Tony follows. We ---
speaker_heading: CII:' TO:
speaker_heading: EX' T. MC= VE NQN - DAY
text: as a troup of Boy Scouts goes past us and clears the
text: Visitor's Gate, exposing the bowling green, the court-
text: yard and far down, framed by giant black oak and maple
text: trees, we see the `Mansion with its pure lines and
speaker_heading: SIMPLE ELEGANCE-
text: Tony and Elizabeth appear., followed by the Cameraman
text: and one or t'c more. As Tony and Elizabeth cross into
dialog: the beautifully kept grounds of the old Plantation ----
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: None of my business, but what were
dialog: you. doing at an Army-Navy ball. game?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: We were putting together a special
dialog: on Arne Grundellius. He'd just been
dialog: appointed Secretary of State. Ee
dialog: threw the first ball that day.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: You've got a pretty good memory.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: And you.'ve got a pretty good slider.
dialog: But L've got to be honest, you threw
text: a lot of junk in the last two innings .
text: As Tony shoots her a look:.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: My old man was on the Spar rs' Desk
dialog: of the Boston Globe for wwent;r-five
speaker_heading: (CONTMM-S-0
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: I
speaker_heading: CONTINUES:
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (Cent' d)
dialog: years. Z was practically raised at
dialog: Fenwick Park in the Carl Yastremski
speaker_heading: DAYS-
text: As Elizabeth crosses and starts working out a shot
text: with the Cameraman, Tony is eying her speculatively.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. TEE CRYPT OF GEORGE WASHINGTON - DAY
dialog: We are at. the littleopen-fronted white marble burial
dialog: vault of George Washington. . We pull back to include
text: Tony as he looks at the sarcophagus.
speaker_heading: ELIZABET3'S VOICE
dialog: Tony? We're finished ----
text: As Tony turns, we pull back and pan to include Eliza-
text: beth, who stands in the little leafy path leading
text: from the vault. As Tony crosses and ;tins her, we
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 0 T. SPACE AND FL GF ' M SEt M - DAY
text: We are on the balcony as Elizabeth sets up a shot
text: frog: the Wright Brother's "Flyer" panning to
dialog: "The. Spirit of St. Louis", and then to one of the
text: Space Capsules. Tony is watching Elizabeth. She
text: looks over, catches his eye, smiles.
speaker_heading: CUT TO :
scene_heading: EXT. GEORGETOWN - NIGET
text: as Tony and Elizabeth approach her apartment on a
text: quiet, Georgetown side street. The cold, faintly
text: blue light of the- street lamp at the corner throws
text: leaf shadows on their faces as they come up to the
dialog: front door..
scene_heading: CLOSER ---AT TEE DOOR
text: She opens the door, steps to one side and gestures
dialog: him in.
speaker_heading: MZZA3ETE
dialog: One dr iak, ckayr?
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 26-C.
scene_heading: INT. ELIZABETH'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
dialog: We are close on a picture of Elizabeth and Arne
dialog: Grundellius, the Secretary of state, whom we might
dialog: remember by sight as the Speaker at Tony's gradu-
text: ation. The picture is in.€orral, taken at an open-
dialog: ing night at Kennedy Center.
text: We pull back to include Tony, locking at the picture
text: as Elizabeth comes up with a couple of drinks.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: You and Grundeilias?
speaker_heading: EZ,I ZA.3E'_'E
dialog: At Kennedy Center.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Ee really gets around.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Well, he got around nee anyway.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Oaps.
speaker_heading: ELIZABE'-"3
dialog: No ha=, no foul.
speaker_heading: (THEN)
dialog: r wasn't fighting him off very
dialog: hard.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: As Elizabeth picks up another picture, this one a
text: framed studio portrait, inscribed, of the Secretary.
text: As she locks at it:
speaker_heading: ELIZA3ETE
dialog: We had quite a little thing going
dialog: .for a while. I think he ac tuually
dialog: gave up two starlettes and a bare-
dialog: back rider -- temporarily.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: You stir see h,m?
speaker_heading: EI,IZ.ABETE
dialog: Once in a while.
speaker_heading: (THEN LAUGHSY
dialog: Said she ?ri.s4f?i? r.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: I
dialog: 26-D.
speaker_heading: CONTIDI = :
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Z was just going.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Don't mind me. I'm just your basic
dialog: Boston Irish. We bruise easily and
dialog: heal slowly.
speaker_heading: CD TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ELIZABETH'S FRONT DOOR - NIGHT
text: as Tony cones out. Elizabeth stands in the doorway.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Call. me.
speaker_heading: TONY
speaker_heading: (NODS)
dialog: Goodnight.
text: Tony goes down the street. She watches after him
dialog: as we -«
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: rXT THE BATTERY (NEW YORK CITY) - NIGHT
text: A limousine comes down past the Battery Park and moves
text: toward the Staten Island Ferry Building. It is about
text: ten o'clock at night.
scene_heading: I INT. THE L=!OUSINE - NIGHT
text: Frankie Rizzi, about 30, is driving. Frankie is the
dialog: son of Connie Corleone and Carlo Rizzi. In the back-
text: seat is Al Neri. Frankie looks off toward the river.
text: We can see. the ferry coming in.
speaker_heading: 1
speaker_heading: FRANKII
dialog: Here it comes now.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: as the fear comes up. Noses into the slip. Creak
text: of pilings. The limousine drives onto the ferry.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: I
dialog: 27.
scene_heading: IYT. : HE LS.' CUStNE - NIGHT
text: Frankie is listening to the baseball scores. Neri is
text: nervously checking his watch. A few passengers are
text: boarding. There are no other cars.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANC LE
dialog: Salf a dozen loose, Puerto Rican kids come bopping
text: up the automobile deck. one is listening to a radio
text: that he holds to his ear. He crosses up to Frankie.
speaker_heading: PUERTO RICAN RID
dialog: Hey Mister, you got a cigarette?
speaker_heading: PRANRIE
dialog: I don'-.t ;smcke.
speaker_heading: PUERTO RICAN RID
dialog: You got a dollar?
speaker_heading: FRANRZIR
dialog: Beat it.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGT.E
dialog: I
text: as Neri, who hasn't been paying attention to the kids,
text: now looks up in annoyance.
speaker_heading: NERI
dialog: Give him a _--
text: Suddenly veri breaks cg!, sensing something wrong.
text: The other Puerto Ricans are surrounding the limousine.
text: As Neri dives for the door of the car ---
speaker_heading: ;N1ERI
speaker_heading: LOOK OUT:
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
dialog: Guns have appeared in the hands of the Puerto Ricans
text: and they start to blast at the limousine from outside.
text: The ferry whistle is blowing.
speaker_heading: MWTT ANGLZ
dialog: Neri :its the deck, a !4 na , cones t _t°? -- --u n :t a-
dialog: blast:.:.CT.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: One of the Puerto Rican kids is hit squarely in the
text: chest. He flies back, azms up, legs sz readea_gI d,
text: like he was hit in the chest with a baseball bat.
speaker_heading: ON FRANRSE
text: Prankie is out of the car, reaching for his gun. Before
text: he can get it clear, he is hit in the shoulder and spun
text: to the splintery, oily deck.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGZE
text: As a Puerto Rican goes to finish off Frankie, Al Neri
text: blows him away.
speaker_heading: REVERSE Z.
text: as two other Puerto Ricans blast Neri simultaneously.
text: Neri's eyes go wide. He coughs.: A big, stringy sob
text: of blood appears in his mouth, vomits out onto his
dialog: shirtfront.
speaker_heading: ON NERI
text: He goes down to his knees, tries to raise his grin
text: for one last shot. A Puerto Rican grins and putting
text: his gun. an inch from Neri's face, pulls thetrigger.
speaker_heading: ANCTEER ANGLE
text: People are screaming, running. The'ferry is starting
text: to pull from the dock. The four remaining Puerto
text: Ricans run for the end of the boat, make the Leap
text: over the churning water from the ferry to the landing.
speaker_heading: FULL SHOT - FMM LANCING
dialog: The ferry boat is still
dialog: pulling away as the `our
text: Puerto Ricans land on t h - e he pier and disappear into the
text: night. The ferry boat's whistle is blowing shrilly.
text: Off its starboard bow we can see the Statue c- Leber _r.
dialog: Over this we hear ---
scene_heading: -P?3T__' -.ST' S `JOIC
dialog: I am the ?aa^tt,-cc±±^; +n and the r. - ' 1
dialog: and he teat believeth in Me, al -
dialog: though he be dead, shall live ---
speaker_heading: E
scene_heading: DI SSO?.. iE TO :
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 29.
scene_heading: EXT. ITALIAN-CAT3CLiC GRAVEY-XI II (LONG ISLA `7D) -- DAY - -
dialog: We are on the ornate tombstone of Don Vito Carlecne-,
dialog: the Godfather. We are pulling back from it as
speaker_heading: PR2EST
speaker_heading: (CONTINUING)
dialog: And' everyone that liveth and be-
dialog: lieveth in pie shall not die forever.
dialog: We have pulled back to include the buria.L services
text: for Neri. At the graveside are Tony, in dress blues,
dialog: Hagen, Rocco Lampone and others.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: The services finish and the group breaks into smaller
text: informal, groupings. We move to Tom Hagen and Tony, who
dialog: have drifted to one side.
speaker_heading: aNOTH.ER ANGLE
text: as Hagen indicates a moon-faced man, Imberto Croce,
text: about sixty, who is approaching them.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Umberto Croce out of Tama. He
dialog: took over the whole Florida thing
dialog: after Hyman Roth and Johnny Ola
dialog: were retired.
text: Cmberto has come up.
speaker_heading: HAGZ"N
dialog: Cmberto. Michael's son. Anthony.
speaker_heading: CROCZ
dialog: Youi father must be proud.
speaker_heading: (THEN)
dialog: What do you think, Tom? They're
dialog: saying it was Maatrocina.
text: 3agen makes a little gesture, reminiscent of the God-
text: father; a kind of upward opening of the hand, as if
text: gently letting a tiny bird free.
speaker_heading: ANOTEE . ANGLE
dialog: As Frank ,e R .zzi. his a in a sliaq, and Sant .._^.c
dialog: Cor' eone ?cnay ` s oldest son, rcW is awd . e W -i-r-
dialog: ties, =Cme UM together:
speaker_heading: (CUNT:Nt7ZD )
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: - 41
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: CONTNM :
speaker_heading: BAGZN
dialog: Say hello to your cousin,
speaker_heading: IR RANKIE
dialog: Rizzi - your Aunt Connie s by--
dialog: and this- is Santino, your uncle
dialog: Sonny's oldest.
text: As Tony shakes hands with Santino and ?rinkie:
speaker_heading: PRANKIE
speaker_heading: (TO TONV)
dialog: Excuse my left hand.
speaker_heading: SANTINO
dialog: Frankie was in that little shit
text: storm on the ferry boat.
speaker_heading: CROCE
dialog: The whole thing don't make sense
dialog: to me.
speaker_heading: FRANXIE
dialog: All Z know is Al got a phone call
dialog: from that, nephew of his, Tommy,
dialog: who runs numbers in Staten Island.
speaker_heading: SANTINO
dialog: Fucking punk.
speaker_heading: FRAHRIE
dialog: It was something about Al's sister
dialog: being sick bad with the ptomaine or
dialog: I something. We walked right into it.
speaker_heading: CROCZ
dialog: What about Tommy?
speaker_heading: FRANXIZ
dialog: The nephew? Nobody seen him since.
speaker_heading: SANTINO
dialog: Ask me he's out in the Narrows with
dialog: about eight slot machines tied
text: around his neck.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: As Rocco Lamm pone comes up, clearly agitated:
speaker_heading: LAAONE
dialog: How do you Like the ally oaf that
dialog: bastard? Snowing up here.
dialog: I
speaker_heading: (CONTIEE
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: CONTIIUED :
speaker_heading: SANTI-1141O
dialog: Maatr-ocina?
speaker_heading: LAMP ONE
dialog: If your old man was alive, that
dialog: son of a bitch would be eating
dialog: his dinner in hell tonight.
speaker_heading: RAGE
dialog: Be patient, Rocco, and trust me.
speaker_heading: (SMILES OFF)
dialog: Sam.
speaker_heading: ANOTSER ANGLZ
text: as Sam Maat:ocina comes up, his expression suitably
dialog: somber.
speaker_heading: MAATROCLMA
dialog: Tom. E'ellas. Go figure life, huh?.
dialog: A guy like Al Neri. Who'd of fig-
dialog: c a red him to get mousetrapped like
dialog: that?
text: Maatrocima is shaking hands with Hagen,. Rocco and
dialog: 0 Frankie. As he does so:
speaker_heading: EAGFN
speaker_heading: (INDICATES)
dialog: Mike's son, Anthony. Sam Maatrocina.
text: Maatrocina holds out his hand to Tony. Tony just looks
text: at him coldly for an insulting split second. Maatro-
text: cina's expression doesn't change, and the outstretched
text: hand moves to squeeze Tony's bicep. Now he shows his
text: teeth in a grin
speaker_heading: MAATROCINA
text: The arm on the guy.
speaker_heading: (THEN)
dialog: If you ever need a job come see me.
text: w!aatrocina ti ns and moves off. Tony Is looking after
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Mistake, ';.'onv. ?never let a man
dialog: like that 'mow what you' :e thiak-
dialog: .ng .
dialog: =;T TO
dialog: 11
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: I
dialog: 32.
scene_heading: TNT. LIVING ROOM (CON coRLEONE's HOUSE) - MIGHT
dialog: The members of the Corleone Family and some of their
text: friends are gathered at the Godfather's old house in.
text: the Mall. The tenor of the group is subdued, although
text: the tensions of the day are beginning to ease.
text: We pick up Fraakie who is guiding Tony through the
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: PA N =
dialog: Santino always liked the old place.
dialog: He picked it up after Pentangeli
dialog: knocked himself off.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE.
text: as they pass Umberto Croce who is coming out of the
text: diming room where a buffet has been set up. Croce
text: has a heaping plate of, food. He pauses, shaking his
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: C:TOCE
dialog: Sad day, sad day.
text: As Croce moves on, shaking his head, _rankie locks
dialog: after him.
speaker_heading: IS
speaker_heading: FRAVRIE
dialog: Dania near ruined his appetite.
speaker_heading: (THEN)
dialog: Good man though. From the old days
dialog: before the Spics and all.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: How strong is the Corleone family
dialog: connected in Latin America?
speaker_heading: FRANKTE
dialog: We got some people doom there used
dialog: to work for us in the hotel. Now
dialog: they do odd jobs. Help with the
dialog: airline. Like that.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Tell me about the airline.
dialog: It's what you call non-scheduled.
dialog: You 'now?
speaker_heading: (THEN)
dialog: Lf we ever go out of business, haL
dialog: the rock groups i -he ccunt-= r J
speaker_heading: 40 (CCNT " + D )
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: S
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: CCNTINLTED :
dialog: ? R A N = (Cont'd)
dialog: be standing around with empty spoons
dialog: stuck up their noses.
text: As Sonny's daughter, Francesca, comes by talking with
text: her twin sister, Barbara, who is now a nun. They are
dialog: now about forty.
speaker_heading: FRANZIE
dialog: Hey, Francesca. Barbara.
speaker_heading: (TO TONY)
dialog: You remember the twins.
text: As the women greet Tony, old Mister Nazorine, the baker,
dialog: comes by.
speaker_heading: FRANBIE
dialog: And here' s Mister Nazori.ne -- still
dialog: makes the best tarelles in town.
text: As Tony is greeting the old man:
speaker_heading: FRANCESCA
dialog: Tony, Tony. I remember the day
dialog: you. were born. A blizzard. And
dialog: grandpa and Tessin and Clemenza
dialog: were sitting out in the backyard
text: in the snow with a five gallon jug
text: of grappa, celebrating.
speaker_heading: BARBARA
speaker_heading: (LAUGHS)
dialog: And grandma was out there yelling,
dialog: disgrazia.. Infamita! You could
dialog: hear her clear to Freeport.
speaker_heading: F RANXIZ
dialog: (tugs Tony off)
dialog: Later, huh?
scene_heading: M. DON CORLEONE'S OFFICE - NIGHT
text: Gathered in Don Corleone's old cotter office are Santino,
dialog: Tom Hagen, Rocco Lampone and Umberto Croce. Tony and
dialog: Frankie enter.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: CZ.ose the door, please, ?rankie
dialog: and make yourself comfor able.
speaker_heading: ( THEN)
dialog: First, Tony, t!lank you for want c.
dialog: We all aroreciate is.
speaker_heading: (C ONT11-N ED )
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: A
speaker_heading: L
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED :
text: Tony nods. All are seating themselves as:
speaker_heading: HAGEN
speaker_heading: (TO TONY)
dialog: Would you care for a little wine?
dialog: A little Anisette? No? All right.
speaker_heading: (THEN)
dialog: I've invited L berto Croce to sit
dialog: in with us-because of his strong
dialog: connections in Latin America and
dialog: in the exile comarunity down in
dialog: Florida -- and because he's a
dialog: trusted and valued friend of the
dialog: Corl eone family.
speaker_heading: (THEN)
dialog: And now,, if your friends in Langley
dialog: have decided that you're not a
dialog: Russian spy, perhaps you can tell
dialog: as the nature of the service they'd
dialog: like us to perform.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: It's a political assassination.
dialog: The target is Asmanda Vidal.
dialog: 0
speaker_heading: A,NQ1'8ER ANGLE
text: Santino, whose attitude has been somewhat sardonic
text: throughout, now breaks out in a bray of laughter.
text: Tony turns on his cousin, then coldly and quietly:
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: If it's too much for you, just say
dialog: so. M can break this off right now ---
text: Santino, taken aback at the cold authority in Tony's
dialog: manner, turns for support.
speaker_heading: SANTINO
dialog: What did I say, for God sake.
speaker_heading: (TO TONY)
dialog: Whaddya so touchy?
speaker_heading: E AG I
dialog: When is this planned for?
speaker_heading: TONY.
dialog: Next February. ?!e' s having a week-
dialog: long celebration o the Fif_'h. nn?.zr-
dialog: ersar,7 of the Revolution.
speaker_heading: (THEN)
dialog: We're planning i t to ? cok like an
dialog: 40
dialog: accident -- or natural causes.
speaker_heading: (CJN'RINUZD )
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: CCNTI i ED
speaker_heading: SA.NTTzYO
dialog: That's a hell of a trick if you
dialog: can do it.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Our Technical Services Division is
dialog: experimenting in two areas. One is
dialog: a scuba: diving wet suit designed to
text: malfunction at a critical depth.
dialog: The other is a toxic biological
dialog: material -»- a strain of botulism
dialog: that's tasteless, colorless and
dialog: odorless -- and so lethal that
dialog: one drop on his food or an his
dialog: toothbrush would be fatal inside
dialog: of an hour.
speaker_heading: CROCE
dialog: That would mean getting somebody
text: close to him.
speaker_heading: RAG'N
dialog: Could that be done?
speaker_heading: CROCE
dialog: t think so.
speaker_heading: EAGEN
speaker_heading: (TO TONY)
dialog: And what's your part in all this?
speaker_heading: TOW,
dialog: t'm the cut-out. The circuit
dialog: breaker.
speaker_heading: BAGZN
dialog: The only link between our people
dialog: and the Government'
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: That's right.
speaker_heading: (THEN)
dialog: There's a second phase to this
dialog: operation. It consists a spread-
dialog: ing confusion -- planting explos-
dialog: ives -- the Police Barracks -- the
dialog: Central. Power Station -- so on.
dialog: which will hopefully trigger an
dialog: uprising of the Anti -Vi"'aiista
dialog: forces.
speaker_heading: ONTI TCZ-
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: CON'RL'??IUED :
speaker_heading: SANTINO
dialog: I thought these bastards wanted a
dialog: hit --?-
dialog: .(then)
dialog: They're locking for World War Three.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
speaker_heading: (TO LAMPONE)
dialog: What do you think, Rocco?
speaker_heading: ANOTZR AY(=
text: As Rocco Lempone -- who walks with a limp as a souvenir
dialog: of his service in World War Two-- thinks about it, then:
speaker_heading: LAMPONE
dialog: You're starting to talk about a
dialog: pretty big operation. You're
dialog: going to need an assault team --
text: maybe two. Small arms. Ammo.
text: Hand grenades. Field radios. A
dialog: support network down there. You'll
dialog: have to have transportation. Stag-
dialog: ing areas.
speaker_heading: 0 TONY
dialog: The supplies can be made available.
speaker_heading: LAMFONE
dialog: How about getting them down there?
speaker_heading: FRIAS=_
dialog: No problem. We can carry eight tons
dialog: a trip in the DC Six.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
speaker_heading: (TO UMBERTO)
dialog: What do you think, Umberto? Can
dialog: you get your hands on a few Anti-
dialog: Vidalistas who wouldn't mind going
dialog: doom there and raising a little
dialog: hell?
speaker_heading: UMBERTO
dialog: I'll talk to. Doctor Earcenas,
speaker_heading: SANTIO
dialog: And we'll all end :zn. Faith cu= balls -
dialog: in the g='av.
dialog: F I.R A, N&amp;
dialog: You're cetti g old, Santi no.
speaker_heading: (C". NTINL=)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: CONTLVIIED
speaker_heading: SAN'TINO
dialog: I'm still young enough to whip
dialog: your ass.
text: As x'rankie starts to rise, Hagen puts a stop to any
dialog: further discussion.
speaker_heading: HAGR"`N
dialog: All-right. That's it.
speaker_heading: (THEN)
dialog: We all agree -- except Santino --
dialog: that what Tony proposes is possible
dialog: although not. easy.
speaker_heading: (THEN)
dialog: Of course, financial arrangements
dialog: will have to be worked out --
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: There's no problem there. Every-
dialog: thing will be handled through me
dialog: and in cash.
speaker_heading: HAGZN
dialog: You can tell your friends that they
dialog: have a deal.
speaker_heading: TONY.
dialog: Good.
speaker_heading: SAGE
dialog: Tell them this too --- what the
dialog: Corleone family wants for its part
dialog: in this operation is the uncondi-
dialog: tional pardon of Danny DeVito. And
dialog: that will have to come first.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I don't know if they'll accept that.
speaker_heading: RAGE
dialog: It's a non-negotiable condition.
speaker_heading: (THHEN)
dialog: We'll start getting things lined
dialog: up, but we won't move until Danny
text: walks out of Leavenworth.
speaker_heading: ANOTS Z-R NGLL
dialog: Sant-4-0 -a aagen:
dialog: Sr'?,N'T'I O
speaker_heading: YOU REALLY
dialog: Devito?
speaker_heading: ( CON'"INCED )
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: I
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: 11 CONIINEM
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: SANTINO
dialog: That would have to come right from
dialog: the White Souse.
speaker_heading: RA.GZN
dialog: Where do you suppose the hit order
dialog: came frog?
speaker_heading: CDT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CAMP PEARY, VIRGINIA - DAY
dialog: Camp Peary is the clandestine training facility of
text: the CIA, under military cover. It is near Williams-
text: burg, Virginia, a couple of hours drive from. Washington.
dialog: .cwa by the official cryptonym "ISOLATION" it is un-
dialog: officially called The Farla" -
text: The enormous, thickly-wooded area is divided intern-
text: ally into tightly controlled training areas. A high
text: chaintlink._fence topped with barbed wire surrounds
text: the base. Signs an it read: "U.S. GOVE.SNMENT RESER-
scene_heading: VATION. NO TRESPASSING."
dialog: We are presently on such a sign. We hold for a moment
dialog: as we hear ----
speaker_heading: INSTRUCTOR'S VOICE
text: A doomsday car is a vehicle which
text: is loaded with a high explosive,
dialog: such as gelignite, and left in an
dialog: area where it will do the most dam-
dialog: age when detonated --
scene_heading: EXT. TRAINING AEA (CAMP P_.ARY) - DAY.
dialog: We are on the Instructor, a lean, mean-lacking A=Y
text: Sergeant is impeccable fatigues. His manner of speech
dialog: is Southern.
speaker_heading: INSTRUCTOR
dialog: Do I read disapproval on your face,
dialog: Mister Adams?
speaker_heading: AsNOTR NN-- ~'
dialog: ..ncludina the tra:..'aing class. thirty or fort., men 4=
text: army fatigues. Score are dark men, mustachiced., pass
dialog: E :t iler Saudis cr Iranians. Amcnq t!?iese we finch Tony.
speaker_heading: ( C O N T I N U ED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: CCNT NUED :
dialog: Although he doesn't answer the Instructor, we can
text: read something less than total approval on his face.
speaker_heading: INSTAUC'R'OR
dialog: In view of the fact that we're
dialog: getting our butts kicked rosey all
dialog: over the world, it might behoove
dialog: us to take a lesson from the IRA
speaker_heading: and the PLO.
speaker_heading: (THEN)
dialog: Now, the first thing those boys'l1
dialog: do when they aim to spread a little
dialog: unhappiness in the ranks of the
dialog: righteous, is steal a motor vehicle --
speaker_heading: (THEN)
dialog: You know how to steal a motor
dialog: vehicle, Mister Adams?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: No I don't.
speaker_heading: " = 4STRLICTOR
dialog: By the time you leave Camp Perry,
dialog: you' 11 be an expert.
text: The Sergeant turns to the others.
speaker_heading: INSTRUCTOR
speaker_heading: (CONTINUING)
dialog: All right, gentlemen, this is a
text: remote control detonator.. .on safe.
text: Be holds up a detonator in. his hand, then points Off.:
speaker_heading: INSTRUCTOR
dialog: And that yonder is a doomsday ca_r.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANA
text: including an old car set in a valley some two hundred
text: yards away. The Instructor takes the detonator off
text: safe and as he activates the charge in the doomsday
text: car, we zoom in. The explosion fills the screen as
text: the doomsday car is blown to hell.
speaker_heading: JISSCL'JE .C :
scene_heading: "NT. CT...ASSRCOM T (CAMP ?MARY) - DXZ
dialog: We are ..: a cl assrcOm in wooden a--=V ar-racks _ The
dialog: teacher", a :Va .- Coxxna ,de: , s ? °_c t ing . -he= e are
speaker_heading: E
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: CONT IUED:
text: chalked o ptograms on the blackboard behind him.
dialog: They are variously, ODYOKc, 'ODACID, OD MM. AELAU ,,
scene_heading: AEJAMMER, AEBROOM. Tt3DOV, =ESR, .KUCAGE.
speaker_heading: COMMANDER
dialog: The cryptonym is a name used in
dialog: place of the true name. In the
dialog: company, crtonyms consist of
dialog: two letters that determine the
dialog: general catagory followed by a
dialog: word -- the United States Govern-
dialog: ment is designated by the letters
dialog: "O" and "D", and the word "Yoke".
speaker_heading: (POINTS)
dialog: O-D-yoke. The Department of State,
dialog: O -Z-acid.
speaker_heading: STUDENT
dialog: What's that last one?
speaker_heading: INSTRUCTOR
dialog: 0-0--envy?
speaker_heading: (GRINS)
dialog: That's the FBI.
dialog: As the group of trainees laugh, we
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. A. CANYON ROAD (C+ '4P PAY) - DAY
text: Up'a dirt road, between the trees, comes a platoon of
text: trainees, in jungle gear wet with sweat, double-tizsing
dialog: as they chant:
speaker_heading: PLATOON
dialog: Hut two three four --
speaker_heading: REEP-BY-YA-LO'
scene_heading: BEEP-BY-YA-LO-
scene_heading: LO-RIGHTS-LO--
text: We move into the platoon, pick out Tony as he runs,
text: not cocnti.nq. The Drill Instructor runs up alongside
dialog: of Tony.
speaker_heading: INSTRUCTOR
dialog: You're not singing, Mister Adams.
dialog: Aren't you harpy is our little
dialog: croup?
text: As Tonv locks over at the : - acing Drill inst? ?c cor ,
dialog: h t en starts chanting a h --he zest
speaker_heading: C:iT To :
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 41.
scene_heading: EXT. PISTOL RANGE (CAMP PEAR21 - DAY
text: Tony is at the pistol range, firing. As he finishes
text: up the clip and draws the target back to him on a
text: pully device, the Pistol Instructor comes up and in-
text: spects the target with the bullseye chewed out.
speaker_heading: PISTOL INSTRUCTOR
dialog: Good. shooting. You do a lot of
dialog: hunting?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: PISTOL INSTRUCTOR
dialog: Mast run is the family, then.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: You might be right.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT.. LOCX P ICRITG CLASS (CAMP PEARY ) - DAY
text: There are diagrams on the blackboard. Tumblers,
text: locks, keys. There are big, half-sections of locks.
text: Half a dozen. members of the class, including Tony,
text: are working with picks an locks. As the Teacher
dialog: helps Tony.
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: On the ordinary pin tumbler cylin-
dialog: der lock, the spring actuated
dialog: drivers are partly in the shell
dialog: and partly in the plug. The. trick
dialog: is to lift them up so the plug can
dialog: turn freely --
speaker_heading: (THEN)
dialog: That's right.
text: The lock has opened.
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: Once you've gotten the lock picked
dialog: and the door opened the best thing
dialog: is to tape the bolt mechanism back
dialog: so you won't have to keep picking
dialog: the lock -
dialog: As the Teacher Instrructs the class - a la Watergate
dialog: break-inn -- how to tace back the bolt mechanism, we
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: L
dialog: 42.
scene_heading: EXT. T: AIMING AREA (CAMP PEARY) DAY
text: We are on the Drill Instructor who brandishes a
dialog: Marine Corps knife, six-inch blade, brass knuckles
text: incorporated into the handle.
speaker_heading: INSTRUCTOR
dialog: This object is a United States
dialog: Marine Corps killing knife. I..
dialog: will now demonstrate that it is
dialog: not worth doodley shit if you don't
dialog: know how- to use it.
speaker_heading: ANA ANGLE
text: as the Instructor looks around the circle of Officer
dialog: Trainees and from them chooses Tony.
speaker_heading: INSTRUCTOR
dialog: You.. You'd like to kill me,
dialog: wouldn't you, Sir? Well, here's
dialog: your chance.
text: The Instructor tosses Tony the knife. Tony catches
text: it. As they circle,. the Instructor taunts Tony.
speaker_heading: INSTRUCTOR
dialog: Come on. Come on. Make a move,
dialog: Sir. Are you falling in love with
dialog: me? Then do something hostile.
dialog: Make a face. Stick out your tongue.
dialog: Do something, Mister Adams.
text: Tony swings the knife. The Instructor avoids him.
speaker_heading: INSTRUCTOR
dialog: My little bitty sister can make a
dialog: better move than that, Six.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: The Instructor offers a tempting target. Tony swings.
text: The Instructor slaps his cap across Tony's face, grabs
text: Tony's wrist and disarms him, throwing him to the
dialog: ground.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE - ON TONY
text: The Instructor turns his back on Tony, deliherately .
text: Tony gets to his feet and charges the .nst=,actorls back.
speaker_heading: (C^NT? 2IUED )
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: I
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: The Instructor has been waiting for this. Re flips
dialog: Tony again.-
text: Tony lies inert an the ground. The Instructor comes
text: up, beads to inspect Tony. As he does so:
speaker_heading: - INSTRUCTOR
dialog: All right, Sir. You ---
text: Re breaks off as. Tony has driven an upper cut into
text: the Instructor's balls. The Instructor grabs his
text: groin and goes down in a heap.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Tony rolls to his feet, grabs up the killing knife
text: and presses it to the Instrutor's throat.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: All right you, son of a bitch, tell
dialog: me about it..
text: The Instructor is looking at Tony. Suddenly he grins;
speaker_heading: INSTRUCTOR
dialog: You're getting there, Mister Adams.
speaker_heading: ANOT3ER ANGLE
text: Tony looks at the knife in his hand, then tosses it
text: away and starts off. At this point a jeep comes
text: bouncing over the hill and skids to a breadsiding
text: stop.. We see that PaJ.ateer is at the wheel.
speaker_heading: PALHA2'E.=
speaker_heading: (TO TONY)
dialog: Jump in.
text: Tony is in the jeep. As Palmateer guns out, trailing
dialog: a plume of dust, we ---?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: tNT. RECREATION ROOM - CAMP PEAwM - DAY
text: Palnateer is watching the Recreation Room television
dialog: set on which there is a newscast of the ze ease of
dialog: Danny DeVito frc n Leaveizwcrth..
speaker_heading: M ZUED )
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 44.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Danny, almost as wide as he is tali., his broad pug-
text: natious face wreathed in a grin, camas cut of the
text: prison gate, his hands held up in the "Victory" sign.
text: He pushes his way through the Television Cameramen
dialog: and Newsmen, not saying anything.
text: We pan him over to a limousine which he gets into
text: quickly. The limousine drives off.
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER'S VOICE
dialog: Today in Leavenworth, Kansas, one--
dialog: time International Brotherhood of
dialog: Dockworkers' President, Danny DeVito
dialog: i was. released. on pardon after serving
dialog: six and. a half years of a fifteen
dialog: year sentence an embezzlement and
dialog: conspiracy charges. DeVito didn't
dialog: state his future plans, but insiders
dialog: expect him to challenge the incum-
dialog: bent President, Pat Brady, in the up-
dialog: coming election.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: As Tony comes into the room, Palmateer gives him a
text: pen and a couple of pieces of paper.
dialog: I
speaker_heading: PAL.MATEER
dialog: A couple of things for you to sign
dialog: 6 before you go operational. This is
dialog: for your piece --
speaker_heading: (SECOND PAPER)
dialog: And this is your resignation. It's
dialog: a technicality, but in case the shit
dialog: ever really hits the fan, we'd have
dialog: p to disclaim you.
speaker_heading: (GRINS)
dialog: It's called the principal of plaus-
dialog: ible denial. We never invoke it
text: until the cock crows thrice.
text: As Tony is signing the papers, Palmateer has produced
text: a service automatic from a canvas carryi+:g case. He
text: puts it on the table before Tony ---
scene_heading: E=. A WAS ZNGTCN D.C. SUZZZ G - DAY
text: As Tony, dressed in his blues, comes out of a build-
text: ing. He carries a briefcase. Cressinq to ie. curbs
dialog: gae stexas and looks up the s ?_. eet
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ARGLZ
text: As a large car pulls up and stops in front of Tony,
text: he opens the door and gets into the backseat. We
text: now might be able to see that F'rankie is driving.
text: With him in the front seat is Santino. In the back-
dialog: seat is Umberto Croce.
scene_heading: INT'. THE L SOUS tNE - DAY
text: as Tony gets in and sits next to Croce. General
text: greetings, then Tony gives the briefcase to Croce.
speaker_heading: FRANRIE'
dialog: Where to?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Take a right on Sixteenth Street.
speaker_heading: ANO ANGLE
text: As Croce sets the briefcase on his lap, Tony reaches
text: into his pocket and gives him the key. Now Croce
text: carefully unlocks the briefcase. As this is going on:
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: How's. your progress?
speaker_heading: CROCE
dialog: Doctor Barcenas is getting an
dialog: assaS,ilt team together.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: 'Barcenas?
speaker_heading: CROCE
speaker_heading: T
text: A leader in the exile community.
dialog: 0 One of the early revolutionaries.
dialog: Broke with Vidal when El Presidente
dialog: went Marxist and abbrogated the
dialog: Constitution. He thinks we're a
dialog: group of business men backing him
dialog: to get our hotel and casino back.
text: Croce has gotten the briefcase open. It is full of
text: cash. Tony points ahead.
speaker_heading: TONY .
dialog: Let use of-12 at the next corner.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: I
dialog: 46/48.
scene_heading: INSE.BT - THE BRIEFCASE
text: As Croce picks up a packet of hundreds cut of the
dialog: suitcase, riffles it:
speaker_heading: TONY'S VOICE
dialog: It's all there.
speaker_heading: HACK TO SCENE
dialog: As Santino grins:
speaker_heading: SANT=O
dialog: Straight frcm the East Coast
dialog: Distributor.
text: Tony looks over at Croce:
speaker_heading: CROCZ
dialog: We're in business.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I' I L see you in Florida..
scene_heading: EXT. WASHINGTON STREET - DAY
dialog: 0
text: As Tony gets out of the limousine and crosses to a
text: phone booth. We are moving in as he puts a. dime into
text: the slot. and dials.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Hiss Duane, please.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: =T. LOBBY (ENNEDY CENTER) - NIGHT
text: We are shooting past the big, nubby sculptured head of
text: Sohn Kennedy which identifies, but in no way dominates
text: the long, high handsome lobby with its crimson carpets.
text: The Opera is breaking for intermission and the audience
text: is moving toward the bars and the terrace.
text: We move to the bar where, in the crush, we find Tony.
dialog: As everybody seems to be ordering at once---
speaker_heading: TONY . i
dialog: Scotch-rocks, here. Two. Aadame,
dialog: I believe those were
speaker_heading: (THEN)
dialog: Scotch-rocks. Sere. Two.
speaker_heading: (CODITINUED )
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: Tony turns to watch a woman move off with two drinks-
dialog: that were clearly his. 'Now, a. braided Admiral usurps
dialog: Tony's place.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I believe I was next, Sir.
text: The Admiral throws a look in Tony's direction, then
text: pays for the bourbon and coke and exits.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Scotch-rocks. Here. Two..
scene_heading: EXT? TEE TERRACE ( iYNEL'Y CENT~'R) - NZGET
text: On the broad, impressive terrace, overlooking the curve
dialog: of the river- as it mirrors the lights of Washington, we
text: find Elizabeth, dressed for evening. She is surrounded
dialog: by three urbane men, Morton, her Television Producer,
text: Swartzwalder, a Jurist and McKissick, a young Senator.
text: McKissick is lighting Elizabeth's cigarette as Tony
text: comes up with the two drinks.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Finally.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Thank God for 'the Navy.
text: As she takes her drink:
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Mister Adams,_ I'd like you to meet
dialog: Judge Swartzwalder -- Senator
dialog: McXissick and Jack Morton from
dialog: wham all blessings flow ---
speaker_heading: MORTON
dialog: As long as the ratings hold up.
text: As Tony is shaking hands around with the Judge, McKissick
dialog: turns to Elizabeth:
speaker_heading: MC EISSICK
dialog: Burning the midnight oil at State?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
speaker_heading: (SMILES)
dialog: I wouldn't know, s°qve broken off
dialog: relations with the State Decar ..went .
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: I
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
dialog: Tony has heard this last.
speaker_heading: SWARTZWALDER
dialog: You stationed in Washington?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: On temporary assignment.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: He's doing a background on Azmando
dialog: Vidal.
speaker_heading: MC RISSIC
dialog: A fine. man. And thank God we're
dialog: back on speaking terms -- or are
dialog: we?
speaker_heading: MORTON
dialog: If you don' t know, who?
text: A buzzer sounds from inside. Elizabeth hands Tony
dialog: her glass.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Would you be an angel and
text: Tony takes the glass from her, crosses and puts it
text: on a nearby bench. As he does so, Elizabeth is Look-
dialog: ing after him, as to the others:
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I've always had a =ad thing for
dialog: sailors- They've got such neat
dialog: little asses.
text: As Tony returns and escorts her back into the theater:
speaker_heading: CG", TO:
scene_heading: EXT. R"" ?MY CE:TTm..,q DRIVEWAY - NZGHT
text: We are on the line of cars coming up to pick op their
text: passengers outside the Eall of States. Mi..ch honking
dialog: of Eioras, so on.
scene_heading: ON TON`I AND ELIZABETH
dialog: as they stand among the azagn= _coes , 1 oaki i for a
dialog: tax:.. Elizabeth spats -ne f_--st.
dialog: (CON°^Z `i?D ?
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 7
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: CONTMM=
speaker_heading: ELIZASET:
speaker_heading: THERE'S ONE
text: Tony hurries for the taxicab.
speaker_heading: ANOTSEB ANGLE
text: as. an Airforce General intercepts the cab.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: Believe this is mine.
speaker_heading: .ON ELIZABETE
text: As she watches Tony get outranked for his cab, then
text: she spots another.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: f f ere comes another.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGT.E
text: as. Tony hurries for the. next cab, only to get beaten
dialog: cut by a. State Department type with two oil Sheiks
dialog: in tow.
scene_heading: STATE DEPART.'MiT TYPE
dialog: You're next, Ensign.
text: Tony turns, signals: to Elizabeth to wait, then exits.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - ELIZABETE
text: as she looks after him., puzzled.
scene_heading: MT. . PARE ING AREA - NIGHT
text: as Tony moves into. the Eennedy Center Parking area,
dialog: looking around.
speaker_heading: ON ELZZABET:E
text: She is pacing. She stops, looks at her watch, then
text: turns at an insistent bbonking from -.edam: veway. We
dialog: pull back and pan to include Tony s it ti_ng in a big,
text: beautiful, official-looking sedans. ae leans across
text: and opens the front door. She crosses and gets in.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 52/53.
scene_heading: ON HALL OF STATES DOORWAY (Ba"?° CENTER) - NIGHT
text: as an Admiral and his wife come out toward the drive-
text: way with their guests. All are chuckling merrily at
dialog: • something the old sea dog has said. Now his wife's
text: expression alters as she looks of.
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL' S WIFE
dialog: Charles: Isn't that our car?
text: He looks off. His expression changes. He starts to
dialog: run..
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLEZ=n=Y• CENTER DRIVEWAY
text: As Tony drives off, the Admiral runs vainly after
text: his car, waving his hand..
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL
dialog: Stop: Stop!
scene_heading: INT. THE ADMI-RAL'S CAR_- NIGHT
text: Elizabeth has been looking back. Now she regards Tony
text: with. new and approving eyes..
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: You have interesting talents, Mister
dialog: Adams ..
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: You'll be astonished.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: i I'm looking forward to it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ELIZABETH' S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Tony and Elizabeth are in bed together making love.
speaker_heading: ANOTEER ANGLE
dialog: featuring Elizabeth as
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Now. Now. Yes. Now
dialog: = 14. TO :
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: Y
dialog: 54.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM (ELIZABETH'S APT.) - NIGHT
text: Tony and Elizabeth are sitting up in bed. Tony is
text: lighting her cigarette. Suddenly he pauses.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETE
dialog: What's wrong?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Shh.
speaker_heading: L E IZAB£TE
dialog: What's the ?.»..
text: She breaks off because Tony has put his hand over her
text: mouth. Her eyes blaze as she reaches for his wrist.
speaker_heading: TONY -
text: Noise in the living- room.
speaker_heading: (THEN)
dialog: There it is again.
dialog: This time we too have heard something. He uncovers
dialog: her mouth.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
text: There's a window in the front room.
text: It rattles.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: ELIZASETB
dialog: Well, I do.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: as Elizabeth swings out of bed, naked, crossing out
text: of the bedroom and into the hall.
scene_heading: INT. EALLWAY (ELIZASETS' S APT.) - NIGHT
text: We move with Elizabeth as she goes down the hallway.
scene_heading: SST. LIVING ROOM (EZIZABE:'B' S APT.) - "r-GET
text: As Elizabeth comes into the darkened ? :.ring room, suddenly
text: a Man from out of "-,-.e shadows, clamps one hand over her
text: .mouth and with the other hand he holds a :cr? a to her
dialog: .mroa t.
dialog: 0
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: I
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: As a. Second Man appears. This one has a gun. The First
text: Man turns to him, speaking in a whisper.
speaker_heading: FIRST MAIM
dialog: Bring him down here.
text: The- Second. Max. nods. We follow him as very softly he
text: goes down the hallway.
speaker_heading: P
scene_heading: CLOSE - THE SECOND MAN
text: as he pauses. outside the bedroom door which is half
text: P ajar. Now suddenly he moves ---
scene_heading: IDi'i:. BEDRCOM - NIGHT
text: 0 We are angled on the hall. door as, in a single move
text: the Second Man kicks the door open and flicks the bedroom
text: light on. He has his gun pointed at the bed. We whip
text: pan to the bed.. It's empty.
scene_heading: CLOSE: - THE SECOND MAN
text: As for a frozen moment., surprise and consternation
dialog: 0
text: show an his face. At this point:
speaker_heading: TONY
speaker_heading: (VERY SOFTLY)
dialog: Don't make a noise. Just stand
dialog: where you are or I'll kill you.
dialog: We have pulled back and panned slightly to include Tony
text: who is sitting on the. floor, his back against the wall.
dialog: I
text: The gun in. his hand is, trained on the Man who has just
dialog: -come in.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: As: the Second Man stands motionless, Tony is on. his
text: feet and up to him. Tony takes the qua from him and
text: tossing it an the bed gestures, forefinger to lips,
dialog: be quiet.
text: Now, Tony turns to the Man and. starts down the hall
text: with him. Tony has him by the back of the jacket, his
text: Tun pressed against the back of the Second Man's head.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: I
dialog: 56.
scene_heading: INT. LIV -MIG ROOM (Z LIZABETH' S APT .) - NIGHT
text: As Tony enters with his prisoner, the First Man - the
text: one with the knife -- still has his weapon pressing
text: into Elizabeth's throat. He is looking the other way,
dialog: but turns as: _
speaker_heading: TONY'S VOICE
dialog: Turn very easy.
text: The First Man turns, sees Tony and the Other Man.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: S've got a. gun at your partner's
dialog: head.
dialog: There is 'a beat, then:
speaker_heading: FIRST MAN
dialog: Drop the gun or I slit her throat.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: You drop the knife.
speaker_heading: FIRST MAN
dialog: Don't you think I'll kill her?
speaker_heading: 0 TONY
dialog: Z don't give a shit if you kill
dialog: her. I_ said crop the knife.
speaker_heading: ANOTRER ANGLE.
dialog: As the Second Man -- overconfident at finding hi=self
text: still alive -- speaks to his partner.
speaker_heading: SECOND MAN
dialog: Cut her a little bit to convince
dialog: this asshcle. Open up her throat.
text: Suddenly the Second Man's knees buckle as. Tony, in a
text: lightning move, brings the gun barrel down across the
dialog: Man's head.
text: As the Second Man is on his hands and knees, Zi.?ce a
text: stunned ox, dripping blood on the carpet, Tony tuns
text: once more to the an with the knife.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I'm going to give you one more
dialog: chance. Trot the k:i-`f:a and !'I--l
dialog: let you go .
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: -T
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: CONTINTED: -
speaker_heading: FIRST MAN
speaker_heading: (LAUGHS)
dialog: 7. 111 cut her fucking head off,
dialog: first.
speaker_heading: ANOTSER ANGLE
text: as the Second Man, still on his hands and knees, now
text: pushes himself up to a kneeling position.
speaker_heading: SECOND MAN
dialog: Show him a little blood.
text: As the Man with the- knife nods grimly, Tony puts his
text: gun to the back of the kneeling man's head and calmly
text: pulls the trigger.
speaker_heading: ANOTBER ANGLE
text: The. kneeling man plunges for+qard, dead, the back of -
text: his head blown off.. Tony now turns, without emotion,
text: to the man with the knife.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: That's what you're going to look
dialog: like in two seconds if you harm
dialog: that girl..
speaker_heading: ANOTRER ANGLE
text: As the First Man drops his knife and releases Elizabeth,
text: she is locking at Tony, stunned, her aplomb totally
dialog: vanished.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Go get dressed and call the Police.
text: Elizabeth nods and half-stumbles out of the room. Tony
dialog: crosses to the Man.
speaker_heading: (CONTIJ UED )
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: I
dialog: I
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: (CODITINT1EI1)
speaker_heading: FIRST XUX
dialog: when the cops come, you're going
dialog: to be up on a murder rap, baby.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: No, I'm not.
text: Tony lifts the gun and blasts the First Man three
text: times in the chest.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: as Elizabeth bursts bac k into the room, looks, then
text: starts to scream. Tony crosses up and taking her in
text: his arms, softly comforts her.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: It's all right.. He tried to get
dialog: my gum away and I had to shoot him.
text: As. Tony, still comforting her, moves her away, We --
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TOT
scene_heading: EXT. EVERGLADES BAY - DAY
dialog: We are in a swampy backwater on the West Coast of
text: Florida, south at Fort Meyer. Hacked out of the
dialog: everglades is a clearing on which a tourist acccmmo-
dialog: dation has been built. It is called Tarpon Lodge
text: and signs announce "Cold Beer", "Boat Rentals" and
text: "Tourist Accoammdations". There is a small pier.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE _
text: as a small, commercial fishing boat comes chugging
text: up the bayou and blows its whistle.
speaker_heading: CLOSER - THE FISH=TG 3O
dialog: as a Latin American, Roberto Barcenas, about 3S,
text: comes out to the bow of the boat, locks off toward
dialog: the tourist cabins. Roberta is a capable, cool,
dialog: izstelligent man.
scene_heading: E&lt;'CT. T9Y T RPON :IODGZ - DAY
text: as Umberto Croce, dressed in white and weariri a straw
dialog: hat against the sun,. ccmes out or she ramshackle lodge
dialog: and moves to the of
dialog: 0
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 59A
speaker_heading: THE PIER
text: Crewmen of the fishing boat are tieing up as Roberto
text: Barcenas comes down onto the pier followed by half a
dialog: dozen others. They are radio, Borracho, Padre Pepe,'
text: El Fararon, Arrigo and Roberto's younger brother, Jorge.
text: Croce and Roberto embrace, then :
speaker_heading: CROCE
dialog: This way.
speaker_heading: M=. As AIRSTRIP - DAY
text: A rough airstrip has been bulldozed out of the scrib
text: pine and palmetto forest. At one end is a hanger and
text: on its side the words: INTER-CAR EAN CBAMTERS.
dialog: As Croce and the Latin Americans come up:
speaker_heading: CROCE.
speaker_heading: TONY:
speaker_heading: 1 0 ANOTHER ANGLE
text: 1 Inside-the hanger we see a D.C. Six. Tony comes out
text: cleaning cosmolene off his hands with a rag.
speaker_heading: CROCE
dialog: Tony, I' d :like you to meet Doctor
dialog: Barcenas.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I'm pleased to meet you, Doctor.
text: They shake hands, then:.
speaker_heading: ROBERRTO
dialog: Permit me to present my companions --
dialog: Indio, Borracho, Padre Pepe, El
dialog: Fararon, Arrigo and my brother, Jorge.
dialog: The members of the assault team -- the Indian, the
dialog: Drunk, the Priest, the Pharoah, Arrigo who looks
text: like a pimp, and the romantic, fire-eating younger
dialog: brother -- are introduced to Tony individually. Xd
dialog: lib greetings, then to Barcenas:
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Are you read-!?
speaker_heading: (CCINNTINUED 11
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 60-
speaker_heading: CONT=T Z :
speaker_heading: ROBERTO
dialog: For many years.
text: As they move into the hanger:
speaker_heading: ROBERTO
dialog: Z understand from Senor Croca that
dialog: the idea with the diving suit did
dialog: not work out.
speaker_heading: I TONY
dialog: There were a few problems.
speaker_heading: ROBERTO
dialog: But the other is. fine?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Yes. ,
speaker_heading: (THEN)
speaker_heading: D
dialog: You've been in. touch with your
dialog: underground?
speaker_heading: ROBERTO
speaker_heading: (NODS)
dialog: Everything is arranged.
scene_heading: INT THE EA2GAR - DAY
text: At one side of the hangar we see crates of various
text: weapons. Boxes of hand grenades, mortars and mortar
text: shells. Sub-machine guns caked in cosmolene, LAW
text: rockets, field radios. So on. As Tony and Roberto
dialog: come in, followed by the others:
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: we got you BARS and Carbines
dialog: plus ten, thirty calibre light
dialog: machine guns, and ten, four-point
dialog: t o inch mortars with a thousand
dialog: rounds of high explosive and a
text: thousand, rounds of white phosphorous.
text: Tony is pointing out the various boxes and crates:
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: What about sub-machine guns?
speaker_heading: TONY -
dialog: Thirty or; them. Tarty-five calibre
dialog: nine millimeter. With ten thousand
dialog: rounds.
dialog: (po.ints
dialog: Over there.
speaker_heading: (CONTT-.?_-D )
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: CONT=TISW
text: As Jorge crosses. over to the box of weapons, picks
dialog: one up in his.hands:
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: Ten thousand rounds! Aye de mi!
speaker_heading: ANOTEER ANGLE
text: as. Tony picks up and hands Roberto a long, olive green
dialog: plastic tube.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: We also got you two hundred Sixty-
text: six, millimeter, M-72 LAW rockets.
dialog: They're lightweight, one-shot dis-
dialog: posable Bazookas.
speaker_heading: (THEN)
dialog: There is also field gear, medical
dialog: supplies, tentage, demolition mater-
dialog: ials, combat rations ---
text: Arrigo, the. pimp, comes up, takes the LAW rocket from
dialog: Roberto, then:
speaker_heading: ARRZGO
dialog: We make a little trouble for E:
dialog: Presidents, hey?
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: When do we leave?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: You, go in tomorrow to get it ready.
dialog: I'll meet you down there at the end
dialog: of the week.
speaker_heading: (THEN)
dialog: Who's your radio man?
speaker_heading: PEPE
dialog: t am.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I'll show you the set up.
text: As Tony and Padre Pepe move off together toward. a
text: short wave radio set up in the corner, ae --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: K
dialog: 62.
scene_heading: EXT. LAS VEGAS HOTEL (SWT_NZU TG POOL AREA) - DAY.
text: We are in a long shot and angled downward on the swim-
dialog: ming pool. area of the Corleone Family's Las Vegas
text: flagship hotel. Into the shot, threading their way
dialog: between the girls in their bathing suits, came Sam
text: Xaatrocina and Ralph Augusta, walking purposefully.
dialog: We zoom back ---
scene_heading: INT. TOM HAGE"N' S ©FFICE (LAS VEGAS HOTEL) - DAY
text: We are on Rocco La=pone, who is standing by the window,
text: looking out onto the pool area. As he turns:
speaker_heading: LA ONE
dialog: Here they came.
text: We are pulling back. Also present in the large, attrac-
dialog: tive office, are Tom Hagen, Danny DeVito and Sant no
text: Corleone, who is at the bar fixing drinks.
speaker_heading: SANTINO
text: Half an hour late.
speaker_heading: DEVIT0
dialog: 0 I'm happy he's here at all. That
dialog: means he's willing to talk like
dialog: a reasonable man.
speaker_heading: L.A ONE
dialog: Tell A3..ieri about it.
speaker_heading: HAG=
dialog: What you've got to understand,
dialog: Rocco, is that what happened to
dialog: Al was business. What's done is
dialog: done. The important thing is to
dialog: avoid trouble if we can. This
dialog: isn't the old days. The Five
dialog: 'Family wars are over and done with.
speaker_heading: LAMPONE
dialog: Maybe that's too bad.
speaker_heading: ANOTEEQ ANGLE
text: as Santino comes over with the drinks io± Hagen and
text: DeVito. As Danny accepts his-drink and raises it to
speaker_heading: HAGEN:
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DEVITO
dialog: To you -- all of you. I'll never
dialog: be able to thank you for what you
dialog: done.
text: As DeVito drinks, the intercom is buzzing. Hagen
dialog: flicks it.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY'S VOICE
dialog: Mister Maatxocina and Mister Augusto
dialog: are here, Sir.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Send them in, please.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Eagen comes around his desk to the door to greet
text: Maatrocina as he enters, followed closely by the
dialog: cold-looking Ralph Augusto.
speaker_heading: EAGEN
dialog: Sam. Z'm glad. you could come.
dialog: Ralph. Good to see you. What
dialog: are you drinking?
speaker_heading: MAATROCINA
dialog: Z'11 take a little bourbon with
dialog: you._ On the rocks.
text: Sagem nods at Santino who crosses to the bar to make
text: the drink, as Hagen turns now to Augusto.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Ralph?
speaker_heading: AUGCSTO
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: Coke?
speaker_heading: AUGUSTO
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER AN=
dialog: As Santin_o is making the drink; Kaat--ocL-za tax.,.--ns to
text: Danny DeVito, shaking hands.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: I
dialog: .7
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MAATRCCI4A
dialog: Let. me save us all some time. I
dialog: know the Hagen-Corleone Family got
dialog: Danny sprung and I'm glad about it ---
speaker_heading: (TO DEVITO)
dialog: From the heart.
speaker_heading: DEVII'O
dialog: Thank you, Sam. I :snow you mean
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: MAATROCI A
speaker_heading: (TO HAGEN)
dialog: I also know how you swung it --
dialog: (grins, holds
speaker_heading: UP HAND)
dialog: Yeah. That's right. You aren't
dialog: the only ones with a friend or
dialog: two in. Washington. Don't under-
dialog: estimate me.
speaker_heading: RAG=
dialog: We never have, Sam.
speaker_heading: MAATRCCINA
dialog: One more thing I know -- Danny' s
dialog: ? •
dialog: a big hero to the rank-and-file.
dialog: He'll leave Pat Brady for dead in
dialog: this Special Election that's coming
dialog: up. Okay? So that leaves one thing
dialog: to talk about.
speaker_heading: HAGZN
dialog: How we can all accommodate to this
dialog: new situation.
speaker_heading: MAATRCCINA
speaker_heading: (GRINS)
dialog: I don't know from accc=cdate --
dialog: just so we all get a chance to
dialog: drink from the well.
speaker_heading: HAGS
dialog: Problem being, for the vast five
dialog: years the well dried up an us as
dialog: you might say. It was almost as
dialog: it Pat Brady had scmethin q against
dialog: us personally.
speaker_heading: TROCT A
dialog: T=, Tcm. "cu should have come
dialog: to me.
speaker_heading: E (CONTINCZD )
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: CONTZY[JZD :
speaker_heading: EAGEN
dialog: You don't like to bother your
dialog: friends about these matters.
speaker_heading: MAATROCINA
dialog: What are friends for?
speaker_heading: HAGW
dialog: In any case, the problem is solved
dialog: ar will be soon. Tice well is ao
dialog: longer dry.
speaker_heading: MAATROCINA
dialog: And. everybody gets to fill his
dialog: bucket. That's as it should be.
dialog: After us.
speaker_heading: MAATRCCINA
dialog: Meaning what exactly?
speaker_heading: SAG=
dialog: We need a loan of fifty million
dialog: dollars. That has to be the first
dialog: order of business ---
speaker_heading: MAATROCI A
dialog: The Atlantic City Hotel?
speaker_heading: BABY
dialog: 1 That's right.
dialog: I
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLZ
text: As Maatrocina makes flat paddles of his hands and points
text: them inward to his chest as he turns to DeVito.
speaker_heading: MAATROCLVA
dialog: And what am t? An orphan? I want
dialog: to get in on Atlantic City, too.
speaker_heading: DEV.ITO
dialog: You had it all your way for the
dialog: last five years, Sam. Let some-
dialog: body else do business.
speaker_heading: . AATROCINA
dialog: I got ao cb7ectio:t - ,a him doing
dialog: business --- i just want to do
dialog: business, too. Kay?
dialog: What Hagen gets, :: get.
speaker_heading: LI
speaker_heading: (CCNTI'TCZD )
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: CONTINITE
speaker_heading: DEVITO
dialog: Are you talking about a hundred
dialog: million dollars?
speaker_heading: MAATRCCINA
dialog: If fifty and fifty still make a
dialog: hundred, that's what I'm talking
dialog: about.
speaker_heading: DEVITO
dialog: it can't be done.
speaker_heading: MAAT;RCCINA
dialog: Don`t you think I know how much
dialog: money you-'ve got in that goddamned
dialog: pension fund?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: He's also got the Department of
dialog: Labor, a board of trustees and
text: the SEC looking down his throat.
dialog: He can't make that large a commit-
dialog: ment.
speaker_heading: DEVITO
dialog: We` can't put more than twenty-five
dialog: percent of our assets into real
speaker_heading: ESTATE ---
speaker_heading: MAATROCINA
dialog: Is that what you brought me across
dialog: the country for?' To tell me I'm
dialog: getting frozen out?
speaker_heading: DEVITO
dialog: Nobody's freezing anybody.
speaker_heading: MAATROCIXA
dialog: Then why do I feel these chilly
dialog: winds nipping at my ass?
speaker_heading: DEVITO
dialog: You should felt the winds in that
dialog: joint. It was Sagen that got me
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: (THEN)
dialog: He comes first. You come second.
dialog: That's the way it is.
speaker_heading: MAATH(3CINA
dialog: How f2ar second?
speaker_heading: (CONTSNC?? )
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: I E
speaker_heading: Y
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: CQNTNMED
speaker_heading: DEVI.TO
dialog: Youtve gat to. give me a year.
speaker_heading: MAATRCCIYA
dialog: We both want tc get into Atlantic
dialog: City. L can't give them a year's
dialog: head. start.
speaker_heading: ANOTEM ANGLE
text: asDe Vito looks over at Tom Eagen.
speaker_heading: DEVITO
dialog: Tom? What if-you people take thirty
dialog: and Sam takes twenty?
speaker_heading: SAG=
dialog: T have to have fifty. That`s defw
dialog: I inite.. You knew it and agreed to
text: it in front.
speaker_heading: DEV2TO
dialog: Sc that we can all part friends ---
dialog: what about forty-ten?
speaker_heading: MAATROCIA
dialog: I •st. not taking any ten. What
dialog: they get. I get. That is final.
speaker_heading: DEVITO
dialog: I All. right, All right. Maybe Z
dialog: can work something out. Z' 11
dialog: try`.
speaker_heading: MAATROC n A
dialog: Try hard.
speaker_heading: ANOTSER ANGLZ
text: Maatrocina glances over at Augusta. They rise.
speaker_heading: EAG=
dialog: Thank you for coming, Dan Haatro--
dialog: cina. I'm. sure we can find a way
dialog: to live toget?..er in peace.
speaker_heading: 4AATRCCI A
dialog: Of course, my old friend,
dialog: :Kaatrcc: na ad ? i s aoodbves a; ound and and Angus Lo
speaker_heading: LEAVED HE
speaker_heading: 49 (C Ci TIN-G"ED )
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: CON'I INIIED :
speaker_heading: HAGE??1
speaker_heading: (TO LAMPONE)
dialog: You might have to go one on one
dialog: with Augusto before we're finished.
speaker_heading: LAN ONE
dialog: I'm counting on it.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: As Lampone crosses to the window to watch Augusto
text: and Maatrocina leave through the pool area below,
text: Hagen moves to Danny DeVito.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: I'd like to put a couple of people
dialog: with you,, Danny.
speaker_heading: DEVITO
dialog: I don't need your people, Tom.
speaker_heading: (THEN)
dialog: Sam and I go back a long ways. He
dialog: knows I' U. come up with something
dialog: for him.
speaker_heading: SANTINO
speaker_heading: (TO DANNY)
dialog: Why-don't you stick around? See
dialog: the show? Maybe the tooth fairy
dialog: will. stuff one of those long-legged.
dialog: blondes under your pillow.
speaker_heading: DEVITO
dialog: I'll take a rain check.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: As Devito grins, shakes hands around and exits, Hagen
text: turns to Santino.
speaker_heading: HAGEN
dialog: I want you to fly to Washington
dialog: tonight. Talk to Senator Geary.
dialog: Anybody you have to. But find out
text: who ' s on Maatrocina' s payroll.
speaker_heading: (THEN)
dialog: I don't like him knowing about Tony.
speaker_heading: UUMPCNE
dialog: Neither do 1.
speaker_heading: (CONTINMED )
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: I
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: CCNTI2MED :
speaker_heading: SANTINO
dialog: You think he's walking into some-
dialog: thinq down there?
speaker_heading: BALM
dialog: That's what I want you to find out.
text: As Santino turns and goes, we ---
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXZ. LATIX-AMERICAN CI"-''T- NIGHT
text: We are as the sky over the bay of Armando Vidal's
dialog: Capitol. It is the Fifth Anniversary of his revol-
text: ution and a fireworks display is taking place over
text: the bay. Sky rockets are arching upward over the
text: waters, exploding in cascades of red, green and gold.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: A STET COMM - NIGHT
text: We are on an impromptu exhibition on a street corner.
text: A big, marvelous looking black Girl, in almost nothing,
text: circles with a lean Latino almost touching but not quite,
text: in a hip grinding mambo .
speaker_heading: E
speaker_heading: ANOTSER ANGLE
text: as the crowd laughs and cheers them on.
speaker_heading: A WOMAN
dialog: Aqua!
text: We move up to a loud speaker attached to an ornate and
text: bunting festooned.lampost. From the speaker we hear:
speaker_heading: VIDAL'S VOL=
dialog: But make no mistake, any of you --
dialog: you of the North American delega-
dialog: tion in particular. We welcome
dialog: you to our Count=y -- but the days
dialog: of exploitation are over.
speaker_heading: CUT" TO:
scene_heading: INT. BALL.COM - ECTE'L OE 3ZVOLCCICN - NIGHT'
text: Ei Presi.dente, A.. andc V .dal, is speaking to a crowd
dialog: j?n the Grand 3allrcomm. The usual tel.evisicn cameras,
dialog: so,or_.
dialog: 0
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: T
dialog: 7Q.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: As the predominantly Latin American crowd cheers, we
text: pick out Tony, in civilian clothes, amongst. the' cheer-
dialog: ing people.
speaker_heading: VIRAL
dialog: The blood of our martyrs is still
dialog: too fresh on our pavement. We will
dialog: be friends and neighbors, but never
dialog: again slaves to Imperialism.
speaker_heading: 1
dialog: A young Latino, and we will recognize him as Ar=igo,
text: has moved to Tony's side. As the cheers have erupted
dialog: once more, Amigo, with'a brief nod of the head, indic-
dialog: ates that Tony shouldfol:ow him.
speaker_heading: ANOT'_R ANGLE
text: As Arrigo goes, Tony looks after him briefly, then over
dialog: to the American Delegation including Lucas, the Assistant
dialog: Secretary of State for Latin American Affairs; Cariock,
dialog: the Speaker of the House and several prominent liberal
dialog: Senators including McKissick of Utah and the elegant
dialog: Harthaiemew of Pennsylvania.
text: Also in the delegation, in uniform, is Stu Palmateer.
text: The older man's eyes meet with Tony's for a brief
text: moment. He has seen the exchange. He watches as
text: Tony leaves, then looks over toward u_agudo, Vidal's
dialog: I
text: Chief of Police. The harsh, heavy Policeman is laugh-
text: 1 ing at something Vidal has said, seemingly paying no
text: attention to Tony's exit.
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY ECT!L ME LA REVOLUTION - :TIGHT
text: As Tony is crossing the lobby, Elizabeth Ann Dunne,
text: followed by 'a small entourage, enters. Half a pace
text: behind her is Kenny Morton, her producer and behind
text: them are three men carrying portable TV equipment,
text: cameras, tripods, batteries, so on. She is speaking
dialog: to 8e.ny..
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: With all due respect, that's bull-
dialog: shit.. The man's obviously inccm-
dialog: petent or the car wcu: d have been
speaker_heading: WAITING EXACTLY
dialog: She breaks cf-f . seei nc Tony.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Hi.
text: She stops. Ee crosses up:
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: r thought you weren't coming down
dialog: here.
text: She doesn't answer.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Aren't we speaking?
speaker_heading: E L IZA3ET3
dialog: I. don't 'know.
text: Elizabeth crosses off toward the desk, Tony looks
text: after her for a moment, puzzled, then crosses out.
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL DE LA REVOLCCION - NIGHT
text: As Tony comes out of the hotel and crosses the garden
text: grounds toward the street, we see that a fireworks
text: display is still in progress.
scene_heading: EXT. AVENIDA DE LA R VOLUCION - NIGHT
text: Throngs of Merry-makers are moving along the wide,
text: palm-lined avenue that follows the curve of the bay.
dialog: Many are in cost=e. Some play instruments. Others
text: have bongo drums. The atmosphere is frenetic. There
text: is. a pervasive beat. The whole city seems to throb
dialog: with it.
text: We are on Arrigo who stands outside the flaw of traffic,
text: cigarette in his mouth, patting his pockets for a match.
text: Tony comes- up and lights ArrigoIs cigarette. As he
speaker_heading: DOES SO
speaker_heading: A.RASGO
dialog: Se sure you have your identification.
dialog: Maguda's pescadores -- you understand?
dialog: The Police -- they're out f.sh..:g
dialog: tonight.
dialog: We are on aaather c=oup Of G-4-is azd :Men i a ?rildly
dialog: sexual dance.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: I
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: CONTINT :
text: We pan off them to Arrigo passing. Tony follows. We
text: move. in closer to Tony. A big, fat Mama comes out of
text: a doorway, shakes everything she has at him. Tony grins,
text: pats her on the ass and -passes by
scene_heading: EXT. EARBOR AREA - NIGHT
dialog: We are on the part of the harbor where the big fishing,
text: boats tie up. The sound of the celebration is fainter
text: now, a couple of blocks distant. We are on an old,
text: but seaworthy fishing boat; the name on the stern is
text: "Stelia.Maria". Amigo comes up the pier, pauses by
dialog: the short gangway.
speaker_heading: ANOTEER ANGLE
dialog: I
text: As Tony comes up and joins Axr-igo a Third man suddenly
text: appears out of the darkness. As he comes up to Tony,
dialog: we recognize Jorge Baxcenas.
speaker_heading: JORGE
speaker_heading: (SHAKING HANDS)
dialog: You bring it?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: This way.
text: Jorge leads them aboard.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN CABIN (STELLA MAR15) - NIGHT
dialog: In the cabin are Roberto Barcenas, Indio, ?araron,
dialog: Padre Pepe'and Borracho. There is also a girl, Angelica,
text: 25. She has dark eyes and blonde hair. There is some-
text: thing faintly flashy but also enormously sensual about
dialog: her..
text: One Man is cleaning a stripped automatic rifle. Another
text: is loading a banana. clip with 30 calibre bullets. Barcenas,
text: the girl and some others are bent over a map on the mess
text: table. All. cook up as Tony, Jorge and Arrigo enter.
text: T _tobertc smiles warm- , canes up and embraces Tony.
dialog: (C'J1?I'r ?`ILT'ED i
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: T
dialog: - 73.
speaker_heading: CONTLIUM
speaker_heading: ROBERTO
dialog: It's good to see you, my friend.
speaker_heading: (THEN)
dialog: All goes well?
speaker_heading: TON
speaker_heading: (NODS)
dialog: And you?
speaker_heading: ROBERTO
dialog: Everything is ready. Arms and
dialog: aumm=ition distributed. Now the
dialog: waiting.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: You've set a time?.
speaker_heading: RCBEATO
text: Day after tomorrow. Seven A.M.
speaker_heading: (CHECKS WATCH)
dialog: Th.zrty-four hours.
speaker_heading: (THEN)
dialog: This is Aujelica. A great good
dialog: friend of E1 2residente. She knows
dialog: where he keeps his toothbrush-
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Good.
speaker_heading: ANJELICA
dialog: You have something for me?
speaker_heading: ANOTHER AN=
text: as Tony unbuttons his shirt and strips off a money
text: belt which he puts on the table and opens. 'IIe takes
dialog: out some money.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: A hundred thousand pesos, cash.
dialog: Count it, please.
text: As Roberto takes up the money and counts it., Tony
text: takes out a small vial in a plastic container.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: And this.
speaker_heading: (THEN)
text: It's tasteless and odorless, but
dialog: it has a vet-,,? short period of tox--
dialog: ic.Z. ty --- do you understand? Once
dialog: s opened it must be used within
dialog: twenty-four hours.
speaker_heading: (CCNTI UZ )
dialog: I
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: CONT2NUHD
speaker_heading: ANJ ?ICA
dialog: How soon does it work?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: The symptoms are those of botulisat.
text: High fever, nausea, vomiting, and
text: death. Within an hour.
speaker_heading: ROBERTO
speaker_heading: (TO ANJELICA)
dialog: Hadn't you better be getting back?
speaker_heading: ANJELICA
dialog: Yes..
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: As Anjelica turns, her coat swings open slightly and
text: we see that she is dressed in a costume.-- a typical
dialog: Tropicana showgirl kind of thing.
speaker_heading: ANJELIC .
speaker_heading: (TO TONY)
dialog: Good night.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: ANJ%-"LICA
dialog: For nothing. When we meet again
dialog: things will be better.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: Be careful of 4agudo's fishermen.
dialog: They're out in force tonight.
text: Anjelica nods. Roberto hands her the money, then
text: kisses her on. the cheek.
dialog: 0
speaker_heading: ROBERTO
dialog: Vaya can Dios, Chica.
speaker_heading: ANOTSMR ALYGZZ
text: She staffs the money in the pocket of the overcoat and
text: exits. Roberto looks at A..-.rigo who nods and follows
text: her out. Vow Roberto looks back at Tony.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Have the supporting omeratic n.s
dialog: been set urz?
speaker_heading: E (CCNT? iUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: .i
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED :
text: Jorge crosses to a map on the table.
speaker_heading: JORGE
speaker_heading: (POINTS)
dialog: Sere. Here. Here.
text: As Tony crosses and studies the map, we
speaker_heading: CAT TO:
scene_heading: A SMALL CITY PARK - NIGET
text: The celebration on Vidal's Capitol is still in progress
text: in this small city park. Suddenly, a police truck
text: appears in one of the streets, blocking it, and a fly-
text: ing squad of armed police piles out of the canvas-
text: covered rear and. The Sergente blows his whistle.
speaker_heading: SERGENTE
speaker_heading: (IN SPANISH)
dialog: identification check. Have your
dialog: cards ready.
scene_heading: ANOTTER ANGLE -- TE CROWD
text: We. see A.-rigo and Anj el ca moving through the crowd.
text: They stop, exchange a look and then turn- and Move the
text: other. way_ We follow them through the crowd to a small
text: alley. Amigo and Anjelica and a couple of others, who
dialog: 1 would apparently just as soon not be stopped by the
text: police, move down the alley.
scene_heading: INT. ALLEY - NIGST
text: As Anjelica and Arrigo move down the alleyway, con-
text: gratulating themselves on their escape from Magudo's
dialog: I
text: men, suddenly three Policemen materialize out of the
dialog: darkness ahead.
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN
speaker_heading: (IN SPANISH)
dialog: Not so fast my friends ---
speaker_heading: (THEN)
text: Against the wall, Pockets inside
dialog: out. You too, blondie.
speaker_heading: CTT TO :
dialog: 171
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 76.
scene_heading: I NT. POLICE STATION - ?SIGHT
text: Half a dozen of the disreputable fish that have been
text: caught in Magudo's net are sitting on a bench against
text: the bare, dirty walls of the bare, high-ceilinged room
text: with its one unshaded bulb hanging from the ceiling
text: illuminating the suspects and Police alike harshly.
text: On one side of the room is a barred "tank" or holding
text: cell. There is a fat Capitan behind the desk and
text: another Policeman, pockmarked and hawkish, looking,
text: working an some papers at another desk. The Sergente
text: comes in with Anjelica and Arrigo.
speaker_heading: ARRIGO
speaker_heading: (IN SPANISH)
dialog: This is an outrage: I protest:
speaker_heading: SEr A?E
speaker_heading: (IN SPANISH)
dialog: Sit down!
text: The Sergente shoves Arrigo violently toward the bench
dialog: as we ---
speaker_heading: CQT TO:
scene_heading: INT'? HOTEL DE LA REVOLTJCICN LOBBY - NIGHT
text: We are on the doors of the hotel as Tony enters and
text: crosses the large lobby toward the elevators.
speaker_heading: ANTHER ANGLE
text: Over in one corner of the lobby we see Palmateer in
dialog: a group with several others of the United States
text: Delegation. Tony raises a hand to Palmateer who nods
text: back as Tony continues toward the elevators.
dialog: I
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE - BY DESK
text: as the Desk Clerk, who has been watching the door,
text: signals over to a uniformed Security Officer. The
text: Security Officer nods and crosses to intercept Tony.
dialog: As he does so:
speaker_heading: SECURITY OFFIC^11
dialog: Senor Adams.
dialog: Tony stops. The u::==sing Security Officer crosses
dialog: ."p to m .
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTZT ED:
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: SECURITY CFFICZR
dialog: There is a message for you. A
dialog: friend. of yours wishes to see you
dialog: in the bar.
scene_heading: tN'I'. HOTEL DE LA REVOLUCION BAR - NIGHT
text: The place is reasonably crowded, even at this hour.
dialog: We are on Elizabeth Ann Dunne who is the center of
text: a small circle of admirers, including Kenny Morton.
text: She looks off, sees Tony entering, then excuses her-
text: sel-f and crosses up to Tony who stands in the doorway.
speaker_heading: CLOSER
text: as Elizabeth comas up to him.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I want to talk to you.
speaker_heading: 0 TONY
dialog: I take it this definitely means
dialog: we're speaking again.
text: She draws him to an empty booth and as they sit:
dialog: I
speaker_heading: ELIZABETE
dialog: I'm going to tell you a secret.
dialog: It wouldn't take an awful lot for
dialog: me to get hung up on you. Okay?
dialog: But I've got this problem --
speaker_heading: (THEN)
dialog: You scare me.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: You, sport. Adams, Anthony. No
dialog: middle initial.
speaker_heading: (THEN)
dialog: Are you really with the Navy or
dialog: was that just so much malarkey?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: What makes you thi:Lk --l'm not with
dialog: the Navy?
dialog: 1 CO 1 .i...Y U 0
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: I
dialog: I
dialog: 77-i.
speaker_heading: CONT+MME :
speaker_heading: ?? ELIZABETE
dialog: Tou know what I heard in Washington?
dialog: That something very interesting might
dialog: happen down here.
speaker_heading: TOONY
dialog: -Where did you hear that?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETS
dialog: You wouldn`t know anything about it,
dialog: would 'you?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I want to know where you heard that.
speaker_heading: ELIZASETS
dialog: What difference does it make, it's --•-
text: Tony is on his feet and moving oui of the bar ae 2.
scene_heading: INT. EOTEL DE LA REVCLLCION LOBBY - NIT
dialog: The all group of Americans, of which Stu Palmateer
text: was part, has broken up. Palmateer is moving toward
text: the elevator, but turns as he hears -----
speaker_heading: TONY'S VOID
dialog: Stu?
dialog: As Tony comes up:
speaker_heading: PALMATEEE
dialog: Scmething wrong?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I don' t know.
text: They wove casually toward the newsstand. Palmateer
text: Picks up a'Spanish language newspaper, idly scans it,
speaker_heading: THEN :
dialog: PALZ4AT'.'..E?B
dialog: What's the problem?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Sow many people know about t:-his
dialog: mission?
speaker_heading: oAL.u.ATv-ZR
dialog: Why?
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Z think there's been a leak in
dialog: Washington.
speaker_heading: PAT MATER
dialog: There are only five people who have
dialog: any idea what's going on.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: is Artier Grundellius one of them?
speaker_heading: PALMAT,.E'?
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: F Then maybe it's not that serious. -
speaker_heading: PALMSATEER
dialog: I If yon think the mission's compro-
dialog: mised, we'll abort.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: No. I think it's all right.
speaker_heading: (THEN)
dialog: See- you tomorrow..
speaker_heading: ANOTAR ANGLE
text: Palmateer crosses to the elevator as Tony moves back
text: toward the barroom. We move with Tony as a Bellboy
text: intercepts him.
speaker_heading: BELLBOY
dialog: Senor Adams? There is a phone call
dialog: for you. You can take it on the
dialog: house phone if you like.
text: Tony nods,.tips the Boy, then crosses to the house-
text: phone and picks it up.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Yes?
scene_heading: IT. DC RSILE EATING PLACE - NIGHT
text: Jorge 3arcenas is at a public phone.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: You zeccgnize my voice?
speaker_heading: (THEM
dialog: You better net down here right
dialog: away,
dialog: 0
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: I
speaker_heading: S
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: ANOTE R ANGLE
text: As Tony hangs up and turns, Elizabeth is coming up
dialog: from the bar.
speaker_heading: £LIZASETH
dialog: What in the hell's going on around
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Z don't know..
text: Tony turns and crosses out of the lobby as we ---
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MAIN CABzX (STELLA MARTS) ,- NIGHT
text: we are close on the pack-marked, hawk-faced Policeman
dialog: who was present at the Police Station when Anjelica
dialog: and Arrigo were brought in.
speaker_heading: PCLIC°..MAN
dialog: I'm positive, Doctor 3arcenas. AS
dialog: soon as they found the hundred
dialog: thousand pesos in her pocket, they
dialog: called Colonel Magudo In- T. came
dialog: as soon as I could.
dialog: 0
dialog: We have pulled back to include Roberto Harcenas, Tony,
dialog: Jorge and others, including the Captain of the fishing
text: boat, a man named Mezcurio.
speaker_heading: ROBERTO
dialog: She's being questioned now?
text: The Policeman nods. tRoberto turns to Tony.
speaker_heading: ROBERTO
dialog: You have to 'assume they'll be
dialog: tortured. You have to assume
dialog: that they'll talk.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Then you're going to have to move
dialog: right now.
speaker_heading: ANOTL ANGL.
text: Jorge start: passing out weapons and hand grenades.
text: Tony takes a su.?:-.machine gun and checks it, as we ---
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 82.
scene_heading: EXT. JAIL OUSE ROOF - NIGHT
text: A couple of Policemen are on duty on the jailhcuse
dialog: roof. Their names are Lopez and Ruiz. Lopez. is look-
text: ing into the square.
speaker_heading: LOPEZ'S ANGLE (THE SQUARE)
text: We are shooting down into the square from behind Lopez
text: as Ruiz comes up and joins him. We see the two cars
text: stop outside the jail, and the occupants pile out. Tony,
dialog: Jorge, Roberto and Indio from the first car, Sorracho,
text: Pepe and 'araron from the second. They are all armed,
text: carrying LAW rockets and slung-sub-machine guns.
speaker_heading: ON RTXIZ
text: as he jumps up onto the parapet, cocks his own machine
text: gun and fires down into the square. As his bullets
text: stitch the cobblestones moving up toward the group.
speaker_heading: ON TONY
text: At the sound of Ruiz 's first shot, he's got his sub-
text: machine gun in his hands. He fires from the hip.
text: Lopez throws up his hands, falling back. Ruiz spins
text: on the parapet and falls into the street.
scene_heading: =T. THE JAII.HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Carbajal and Mosca have started firing out of the gun
text: ports in the doors.
scene_heading: i M=. TEE STREET OUTSIDE THE JAIL -- NIGHT
text: As Indio gets hit in the forehead and is jolted back-
text: wards, his face a bloody mask, Tony, Jorge and Roberto
text: have picked up their LAW's and fire almost simultaneously.
scene_heading: EXT. TEE JAILHOUSE - NIGHT
text: as the big, heavy doors blow away ---
scene_heading: INs°. ITS...-" JAILEOL;S ?II(an
text: as - the second door is blown back into the roc=. The
text: ceiling is caving in, piaster is falling. The ai= is
text: thick with plaster dust and smoke.
speaker_heading: (CCN'I'IVU ?,J )
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: I
dialog: a3.
speaker_heading: CONT IU :
text: Mosca sits against the wall, mouth open. His leg lies
text: across the room.
text: The Prisoners in the holding cage are screaming. A
text: Policeman runs in from another room just in time to
text: be cut down by Jorge who bursts through the door
dialog: followed by Tony and Roberto.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE. -- BAS = STAIRS
text: as Colonel Magudo runs up the basement stairs, pistol
speaker_heading: IN HAND:
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: as Jorge, Tony and-Roberto all `ire at the same time,
text: blowing Magudo back down the basement stairs. Tony
text: and the others dive down the stairs.
scene_heading: EXT. THE CENTRAL SQUARE - NIGHT
text: As the occupants of the first car are attacking the
dialog: Jailhouse, Fa=axon, Pepe, and Borracho launch an
text: 0 attack on the Presidential Palace.
speaker_heading: ANCTBER ANGLE
dialog: A.: the sleepy Soldiers come tumbling cut of the build-
text: ing in confusion, Barracho is spraying them with his
text: automatic weapon while the other two are blowing the
text: front doors away with their rockets. Smoke and plaster
text: dust is heavy in the square. rives start to lick and
dialog: flicker.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: As Borracho, Pepe and.Fararon run into the Presidential
text: Palace, somebody has started pealing the bells of the
dialog: Cathedral.
scene_heading: IY'S. THE PRESZDE. ITIA.L PALACZ - NIGHT
dialog: As Borracho, Pepe and Fararon rjn into the great
dialog: central hall, wit:-1 its cu gyring S--a.=Case, and great
dialog: crystal chan_delie=
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 84,
speaker_heading: CONTIYTJED :
speaker_heading: BORRACHO
dialog: This way.
text: EEO rugs up the stairway, by the others. At the top
text: of the stairs he turns, fires at the chaia that holds
text: the chandelier anchored. The ceiling chews away.
text: The chandelier falls with a crash of crystal.
speaker_heading: CIIT TO,.
scene_heading: INT. BASMiENT (CI TRAL JAIL) - MIGHT
text: There are a dozen doors leading into a dozen basement-
text: cells- Tony, Jorge and Roberto are searching them.
text: Tony enters a cell, then we hear:
speaker_heading: TONY'S VOICE
dialog: Roberto!
text: As Roberto hurries into the cell
scene_heading: INT. THE CELL -- YIGET
text: There is a gully in the ceiling with a line led. through
text: it and tied off. The other end of the line is. tied
text: around Arrigo's ankles, suspending hi= upside down.
text: Eris hands are tied behind him. His head and shoulders
text: are not visible as he is immersed, head-down in a large
dialog: tuh of water.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Quick!
text: Roberto runs in, whips out a knife and as Tony grabs
text: the motionless body, the other cuts the line.
speaker_heading: ANOTEFR ANGLE
text: As they gently lay Arrigo's body on the floor, it is
text: apparent he is dead.
speaker_heading: CQT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE BASEMENT - YIGET
text: As Jorge throws open a door, his face goes white.
speaker_heading: FORGE
dialog: motheY of God.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 85..
speaker_heading: CONTINDED:
text: We have panned over to the door. We are now shooting
text: toward the door with our view mainly blocked out, but
text: we can see that Anjelica is dead, naked and tied spread-
text: eagled, face down on a table.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: ZNT. PRESIDENTIAL PALACE - NIGHT
text: As Bcrracho Fararon and Pepe are rune og down an
text: upstairs hallway, throwing open doors, a Soldier
text: appears, fires, 3orracho spins and falls.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: As E'ararcn cuts the Soldier down, then turns to Pepe:
speaker_heading: R ARARON
speaker_heading: (IN SPANISH)
dialog: Let's get out of here!
dialog: They turn and ran.
speaker_heading: • CUT TO:
speaker_heading: S
scene_heading: EXT. THE JAILHOUSE AND SQUARE - NIGHT
text: A couple of Police vehicles and an Army truck careen
text: into the square, skid to a stop and the Soldiers and
text: Policemen pile out and take cover an the square. The
text: bodies of Ruiz and Indio are still, where they fall.
text: At a command from the Officer in charge, the Soldiers
text: and Policemen start moving forward, from cover to
text: cover, laying down a steady rattle of gunfire.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: MM AN ALLEY BEHIND TEE JAIL - :NIGHT
text: Jorge, Roberto and Tony are running along an alley
text: in the darkness, bent over. One street away, in the
text: town square, apparently all hell is breaking loose.
dialog: As they run:
speaker_heading: FAARARON
dialog: Hey: This way.
text: They stop. Fara_-cn and 2epe are standing _ in -: mouth
dialog: of a i?.tp e n,ar-r-cw open -ig between houses
dialog: 0
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 86..
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: as Pepe and Fararon disappear into the darkness follow-
dialog: ed by Tony, Roberto and Jorge.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: E=. ANOTHER STREET - NIGHT
text: A Police car with the numerals "22" painted on the
text: side is abandoned at an angle in the street, the
dialog: doors open. -
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Pepe runs up, looks in. Tony and the others follow.
speaker_heading: PEPE
dialog: The keys are gone!
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Get in.
text: Tony is under the dashboard crossing the wires as
text: the others start piling in. The motor starts, Tony
text: slides behind the wheel. As they drive off ---
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: ZN' . POLICE CAR TAM=-TWO- NIGHT
text: Tony is driving. Roberto is next to him in the front
text: seat. In the back are Jorge, Pepe and rararon. As
text: they come to a crossroads:
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Which way?
speaker_heading: ROBERTO
dialog: Lett.
speaker_heading: (THEN)
dialog: When will the plane be coming?
speaker_heading: PEPE
dialog: Four. They will land at Quebrada.
text: Roberto looks at his watch, then
speaker_heading: ROBERTO
dialog: We can make it. Left again.
speaker_heading: E
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 87.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET CORNER - NIGHT
text: As Police Car, Number 22, comes left around the corner
text: a second Police Car is coming the other way. The two
text: cars barely miss each other, just kissing as they pass.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE..: CAR 22 - NIGHT
text: The comandeered Police Car swerves as Tony fights
text: the wheel, and finally steadies it.
scene_heading: TONY'S POINT OF Vt!W (THROUGE BACK WINDOW)
dialog: I
text: The other police car has spun and stalled momentarily.
text: As the Driver of the car gets it started and straightened
text: out in pursuit, we can see the Second Policeman on the
text: hand mike. We can hear his excited voice in. Spanish
text: coming over the police radio.
speaker_heading: RADIO VOICE
speaker_heading: TIN SPANISH)
dialog: We have seen the terrorists. They
dialog: are in Police Car Twenty-too going
dialog: north on Avenue of the Martyrs.
speaker_heading: (THEN)
dialog: 0
dialog: All units. All units. Terrorists
dialog: seen going north on Avenue of the
dialog: martyrs .
text: Now other traffic can be heard on the Police radio as
text: other Police cars respond to the message.
speaker_heading: SEVERAL COTS
text: of various Police cars as they get the message. Some
text: swing around in Q-turns, Their sirens are winding up
text: to a howl.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE CAR NITMBER 22 -- NIGHT
text: We are shooting back through windshield. Pepe is look-
text: ing out the back window and we see the following Police
text: car. Now another joins it. Now still another. Police-
text: men start firing out of their. cars. The back window is
text: starred as a hole suddenly appears in it, only - inches
text: from Padre ?ece' s head. He looks at the ho l e and tu.-ns,
dialog: crossing 7:.msei f .
speaker_heading: PEPS
dialog: .;esus, Mary and Joseph.
speaker_heading: (CO N'IiNII..D )
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: K
speaker_heading: AS
speaker_heading: `Cis;n7VED %
text: As another bullet hits the car somewhere with a clang.
dialog: of metal, Roberto turns td Tony:
speaker_heading: GO-III E1 0
dialog: Go right on Quebrada.
speaker_heading: THE I BSPE= C3ASE
text: as the pursuing Police cars increase their numbers and
text: come closer, the-Comandeered car, carrying Tony and the
text: others, makes a right- turn on Avenue Quebrada, leading
text: out of town. Parked at the curb is a non-descript sedan.
speaker_heading: FEATURSITG TONY
text: As he drives, we see that Roberto has taken from his
dialog: knapsack-pouch a mall detonating device such as we
text: have seen in the demonstration of the doomsday car at
dialog: Camp Peary.
scene_heading: EXT. TEE STREET CORNER - NZGRT
dialog: 0
text: As the first of the pursuing Police cars starts around
text: the corner, suddenly the non-descript sedan parked at
text: the curb detonates -- disintigrates in a blinding dazzle
text: of light. In the jolt of the shock wave, every window
text: within half a mile radius shatters.
text: A vast ball of flame and black, heavy smoke billows
text: upwards from the corner where the doomsday vehicle and
text: the first car were immolated.
text: Now, the following Police cars, unable to stop and
text: unable to avoid the flames which have spread like
text: napalm all over the whole corner, skid into the flames
text: and smoke, plowing into the wreckage.
text: The buildings are in flames. A Policeman, his uniform
text: and hair on fire, runs screaming out of the inferno.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EX. A COUNTRY ROAD - N1 GET
text: as Pc?l.ce Car Nunber 22, tarns down a side road, through
text: a gate, then up and over a h-4-11. We pa.-n to the gate,
dialog: over which are the words: "° i.-sca Quebrada".
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: D
dialog: 89.
scene_heading: EXT. AIR FIELD (F=CA. QUEBRADA) - NIGHT a
text: The Police Car comes to a stop at the side of what
text: is apparently a hacked-out -landing strip in the middle.
text: of a small valley. There is a cane field on one side,
text: the green stalks are give or six feet high.
text: Tony, Jorge, Roberto and Pepe get out of the car.
text: Roberto opens the back door and, to Fararon.
speaker_heading: ROBERTO
dialog: Come on! Do- you want to ---
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Roberto has broken off as he looks at-Fararon. We
dialog: realize that sometime during the chase the Pharoah
text: has taken a bullet in the chest. Se's dying, and pink
text: bubbles of blood fora and break on his lips as he
dialog: stiizggles for breath.
speaker_heading: ROBERTO
dialog: I'm sorry, old friend.
text: Tony crosses and gets back into the car to help
dialog: Fararon.
speaker_heading: ROBERTO
dialog: I'm afraid he's finished.
dialog: At this point we hear:
speaker_heading: JORGE'S VOICE
dialog: Here they come:
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: as Jorge, Pepe and Roberto run to the center of the
text: airstrip, looking upward. We can hear the sound of
text: an approaching aircraft.
speaker_heading: ON MOSERTO
text: as he points a flashlight at the sky and signals a
text: short and a long, the letter Alpha.
scene_heading: AlNCTRER A0IGL.E - I:IC=1r--NG `"HE OC-6
text: The aircraft is now visible. ?rcm the Pilot's coc pit
text: we see the answering signal , a long and th--ee shorts,
dialog: the letter Bravo.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: I
dialog: 9Q.
scene_heading: PULL SECT - THE DC-6
text: as it swings in on the final approach and starts to
dialog: settle in for a landing.
speaker_heading: CUT, TO:
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY ROAD - NIGHT
text: A couple of jeep loads of Soldiers turn down the
dialog: same side road that we saw Police Car 22 take a few
text: minutes earlier. As the jeep loads of Soldiers pass
dialog: through the gate on which are the words, "Finca
dialog: Quebrada", we ---
speaker_heading: Ct?T' TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE A2RFT L - NIGHT
text: The DC-6 lands and swings around, taxing bark. over
dialog: the rough ground.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - TONY
text: He senses something wrong, and pausing by the edge
text: of the airfield, calls to the at-tars.
dialog: 0
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Wait a minute.
scene_heading: ON ROBERTO, PMPE AND JORGE
text: as they run for the plane.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE - ON THE PLANE
text: as the plane swings around again and the door opens.
text: We reveal E'rankie Rizzi in the doorway.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON RRANRI"
text: as he looks out.
scene_heading: ON ROBERTO, P E AND J ORGE
text: as they ran toward. the plane.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: K
dialog: 91-
scene_heading: £Xfi. RIM OF THE ETT.r.
text: as the two jeeps come up to the rim of the hill. One
text: jeep turns a powerful spotlight onto the airfield.
scene_heading: The A.IRPT T-fl - NIGHT'
text: as the spotlight catches Roberto, Pepe and Jorge in
dialog: its beam.
speaker_heading: ON THE SOLDIERS
dialog: as they fire.
scene_heading: ON ROBERTO, PEPE AND JORGE
text: as they are chopped down, one after the other.
speaker_heading: OK TONY
text: as he turns and fires at the jeep loads of Soldiers
text: with his automatic rifle.
scene_heading: ANQTEER ANGLE - THE SOLDIERS
text: as Tony's fire shatters the spotlight. Some Soldiers
text: fall, others fire at the DC-6.
speaker_heading: THE DC-6
text: as it starts to pick up speed, trundling over the.
dialog: rough ground.
speaker_heading: ON TONY
text: as he runs for the plane.
dialog: ON ?RAl?1Z
text: as he sees Tony.
scene_heading: A,NoTr.. ER ANGLZ
dialog: As Tony :'ims up -o the m lane , =rarekie reaches down,
text: drags him up and in. Bu-1-let hales are apvearing
text: the fuselage of the plane.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: ON THE SOL4IMRS
dialog: as they fire.
speaker_heading: ON TIM DC-6
text: as it rises into the air and banks off to the Nor t. % ---
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: E,XT'. VZDAL' S PRES=ZNTIAL PALA - DAY
text: Armando Vidal, his face a harsh mask, stands in the
text: shattered doorway of the Presidential palace looking
text: off toward-the central Square..
speaker_heading: VIRAL
dialog: The cetinter-revolution has failed.
dialog: The. people once more did not -rise
dialog: up as expected.
scene_heading: VIRAL' S POV (THE SQUARE AN TAZLHCUSE) - DAY
text: In the. battle-torn square, outside the jailhouse, we
text: see an angry croard of Rioters care ing the dead and
dialog: bloody body of Roberto Barcenas.
speaker_heading: VIRAL
speaker_heading: (COMING OVER)
dialog: And once more the rich are bewilder-
dialog: ed by the fact that the poor are un-
dialog: I willing to die for them.
text: Somebody produces a rope, somebody else throws a loop
text: around his feet and Roberto is hoisted upside-down to
text: the top of an ornate old lam post.
speaker_heading: NLMADT' S VOSCZ.
dialog: And while E1 Presidente was speak-
dialog: ing, in understandable bitterness,
dialog: crowds in the Capitol were running
text: rampant, stringing up the bodies of
dialog: the leaders of the failed coup d'etat.
speaker_heading: QIM CROWZ
speaker_heading: T
text: as the people cheer. Somebody produces an American
text: flag and sets it afire. it buns In the street. lids
text: kick at it, 5L it on it.
dialog: "
dialog: ,GCN'?'. .ZD?D )
dialog: '
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: CONTIN= :
speaker_heading: NEWSMAN'S VOICE
dialog: They burned American flags and
dialog: threatened the safety of the Amer-
speaker_heading: ICAN DELEGATION
scene_heading: EXT. AIRFIELD - DAY
text: Uniformed Soldiers with fixed bayonets are guarding
text: the airfield. Crowds are gathered outside the gates.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: as limousines 4ith soldiers on the ;enders and roofs
text: come inching through the fist-waving, threatening mob.
text: As the gates are opened, Soldiers with bayoneted
text: rifles force the crowds back so that the cars can get
dialog: through,
speaker_heading: NEWSMA2X' S VOICZ
dialog: -- who were taken to the airfield
text: under military escort.
text: We see the limousines stop by a waiting transport
dialog: I
text: plane, and -- with the guns of the Soldiers holding
dialog: off the angry mob -- the American Delegation to Vidal's
text: celebration hurries into the big airliner..
speaker_heading: CLOSER
dialog: In the American group we see Elizabeth Ann Dunne; the
dialog: Senators McKissick and Barthalemew; Assistant Secretary
dialog: Lucas; Speaker of the House, Cari.ock; and Stu Palmateer,
dialog: looking cooler than he could possibly feel.- Over this
speaker_heading: WE HEAR:
speaker_heading: NEWSMAN' S VOICE
speaker_heading: (CONTINUING)
dialog: Soldiers with bayonets were forced
dialog: to fight off the angry mob which
dialog: clearly blamed the United States
dialog: for the abortive coup.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: !XT. THE STATED PART!-= -- DA ;
dialog: As Are r? z?de::.ias comes out of the State Department
text: and crosses to his car, he is surrounded by Newsmen.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: I
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: CON'' I?7IIED
speaker_heading: NEWSMAN 'S VOICE
text: Meanwhile in the Nation's Capitol,
dialog: Arne Grvndellius, the Secretary of
dialog: State, was beseiged by Newsmen as
dialog: he left the State Depa.tent after
text: an all-night session.
scene_heading: CLOSER - ON GRt'YDELL tD S
text: as the Newsmen are thrusting microphones into his face,
dialog: asking questions.
speaker_heading: FI3ST NEWSMAN
dialog: Mister Secretary! Mister Secretary!
dialog: Can we get a statement?
dialog: Grnndelli.us stops.
speaker_heading: GRIINDE,tLZUS
dialog: We will make an official statement
dialog: tomorrow.
speaker_heading: NEWS ii TOGETRER
dialog: What about Vidal's accusations --
dialog: Have you Xosygia's statement? will
dialog: you speak to the United lations?
dialog: Was Doctor Barcenas an 1nerican
dialog: agent?
speaker_heading: GR=EZS.ZC S
text: P One at a time. One at a time.
speaker_heading: 2ND NEWSMA,
dialog: According to world opinion, the
dialog: CIA was behind this.
scene_heading: - GRONDELL."II5
dialog: Gentlemen: Gentlemen: I am late
dialog: for a meeting at the White House
dialog: i but we catagorically deny these
dialog: allegations. The United States
dialog: Government does not use assassin-
dialog: ation as an iastrent of foreign
dialog: policy.
speaker_heading: ANOTHSR ANGLI
dialog: AS G-=de? ii us starts to move throuch --he crowd of
dialog: 3eoorters,
speaker_heading: (CCNT_-6 _qT '
dialog: 0
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: CONTMED :
speaker_heading: 3RD NEWSMAN
dialog: What about the rumors' that the under-
dialog: world was involved in this?
speaker_heading: GRDNDELLIIIS
dialog: If the underworld was behind it
dialog: and I don't rule out the possibility
dialog: at all -- that fact will be brought
dialog: to light in open hearings before a-
dialog: special committee of Congress. It's
dialog: in the works right this minute, and
dialog: subpoenas will be coming out by the
dialog: weekend.
scene_heading: INT. ELIZABETH'S AP T - DAY
text: Tony, dressed as last we saw him at the airfield, is
text: in Elizabeth's apartment watching the news on. her liv-
dialog: ing room television set.
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER ° S. VOICE
dialog: And now for further reactions to
dialog: today's developments, we take you
dialog: to the United Nations where Sander
speaker_heading: VANOCUZ --
text: Tony has turned off the television set with a remote
text: control switch, having heard the. sound of a key in
text: the front door. He rises and turns as Elizabeth enters
text: carrying a paper bag.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Listen, I --
text: He breaks off as Elizabeth's face goes pale with shock
text: and she drops the bag on the floor. A couple of oranges
dialog: roll across the rug as:
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I'm sorry, I had to talk to you
text: She looks at him her expression almost readable as anger;
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: You're listed as missing. It's on
dialog: the wire.
dialog: I
speaker_heading: TONY.
dialog: Well, much as I.hate to disappoint
dialog: everybody.
speaker_heading: (CONTINCRM )
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: I
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: CONT=M= :
text: Suddenly Elizabeth drops to her knees and starts
text: crawling around on the floor, blindly searching for
dialog: the oranges.
speaker_heading: - ON TONY
text: as he locks at her for a puzzled moment, then drops
text: to his own knees and taking her by the shoulders,
text: straightens her. Tears are pouring down her cheeks.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Bey, wait a minute
text: He kisses her.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: What's all. this crying shit?
text: She smiles, sniffles, blinks the tears out of her eyes,
speaker_heading: THEN:
speaker_heading: ELZZ.A$ETE
dialog: You want an egg sandwich?
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: INT. ELIZABETE' S EITCHEY - NIGHT
text: Tony and Elizabeth are in. the kitchen having sandwiches
text: and coffee as the kitchen wallphone rings. Elizabeth
text: gets up and answers it.
speaker_heading: ELI ZABETH
dialog: Hello?
scene_heading: NT. MoREHCIISE's O TI Y (LA.vGLEY) - NI zHT
speaker_heading: 1
text: Stu Palmateer is at the desk. Morehouse is with him,
dialog: reading some reports.
speaker_heading: PAIMATE' R
dialog: This is Captain Pa.TLrnateer. I got
dialog: a message to call this number.
speaker_heading: ON ELIZABETH
text: as she speaks into the phane
speaker_heading: LI2ABE:'H
dialog: Yes. Hold on for a minuts, will
dialog: you.
dialog: + ( ( ( to Tony??yy
dialog: Is your call.
speaker_heading: (CCNT E0 )
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: CCNTINCTED
text: Tony crosses over and takes the phone.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Stu?
speaker_heading: PATWMATEER
dialog: Are you all right?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Considering.
speaker_heading: (THEN)
dialog: Some friends of mine flew me up
dialog: to Maryland this morning. I thought
dialog: maybe I'd better not go directly
dialog: home.
speaker_heading: PALMATEER
dialog: Good.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: How are you?
speaker_heading: PAL?`SATEYR
dialog: Ten kinds of blue hell are breaking
dialog: loose out here. Are you all right
dialog: at that number till tomorrow?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Fes.
speaker_heading: PAL.MATEER
dialog: Then I' 11 get back to you.
text: Click, as Palmateer hangs up. Tony t•.irns to Elizabeth.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I hope you don't mind a house guest.
speaker_heading: 0 CU TO:
scene_heading: I INT. AN AUDITQRIGM (NEST ORLEANS) - NIGH
text: We are an a cheering audience of Longshoremen.
scene_heading: ANOi= AN= 1:,i.iii S2EA2=' S ?LA -'- Qi M
text: Danny'DeVito is holding up his hands to the crowd.
text: Behind him., red, white and blue bunti.^g. ?oste.zs
scene_heading: reading: 1 OTT YOR i=TO -- Gi V' Tom: CYZON . ACX
speaker_heading: To : E VMSBERSHZP" .
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 98.
scene_heading: EXT. AUDITORIIIM -- NIGH':'
text: As Danny DeVito comes out of the stage door of the
text: auditorium, Ralph Augusta comes up to him.
speaker_heading: AUGUSTO
dialog: Sam wants to see you.
speaker_heading: DEVITO
dialog: I'= at the Pcnchartrain.
text: Ralph takes Danny by the arm and moves him toward a
text: chauffeured limousine waiting at the curb. As he does
speaker_heading: SO :
speaker_heading: AUGUSTO
dialog: Now. Tonight. He's got an idea
dialog: how to get everybody off the hook.
text: As.Augusto opens the door and ushers Danny into the
dialog: back seat of the car, we ----
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: MCT. BOURBON STREET MEW ORLEANS) - NIGHT
text: 0 As the limousine moves dawn Bourbon Street with its
dialog: hockey tonks and jazz joints.
scene_heading: INT. THE LZIMOUS INE - NIGHT
text: As they drive down Bourbon Street, Augusta leans for-
dialog: I
dialog: ward to the Chauffeur.
speaker_heading: AUGUSTO
dialog: We'll go in the back way.
speaker_heading: CHAUFF EM
dialog: I Yes Sir.
text: The Chauffeur turns down a side street and up an alley.
scene_heading: E=. TEE ALLET -- NIGHT
text: A truck is blocking the alley. A big, cheerful-Looking
text: Laborer with a ;knit cap on his head, is sitting on a
dialog: big barrel by th rear of t h t= ck.
text: h T e Eli cusine pu e l ls ap be fer hi ? n d e 1 s the 2 trac /+ k, s c y/?Yy?? toys a :'+t^i /? i a
text: inside a nearby cltth we hear a Jazz t=,=zet on a long
dialog: ride.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: ??T
dialog: 99.
scene_heading: MT. THE LnKOII&amp;INE
text: as Augusta leans forward.
speaker_heading: AUGIISTO
dialog: Give him the horn.
text: The Chauffeur honks the horn. The Laborer grins over
text: at the limousine, gestures, palms up.
speaker_heading: AUGUSTO
dialog: So we walk. It's not far.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: as Augusta, Danny Devito and the Chauffeur move up
text: toward the rear of the truck, the Laborer jumps down
text: off the big barrel he's been sitting on.
speaker_heading: LABORER
dialog: Hello Danny.
text: At this point the Chauffeur wheels and grabs Devito
text: in an arm lock, with one gloved hand clamped over his
dialog: mouth.
speaker_heading: ON ABGUSTO
text: as a knife suddenly glitters in his hand and he plunges
text: it into Devito. Danny is kic-ting and st-aggling.
speaker_heading: ACWSTO
dialog: Hold the cocksucker still..
text: As Augusta plunges the knife into Danny again and
dialog: again and again.
speaker_heading: AN WAVZ"11 r?Nf:I.E
text: The Laborer has taken the lid of, the barrel. Danny
text: sinks to the pavement, convulses and dies.
speaker_heading: ANCTEER ANGLE
text: as the three men pick up Devito`s body, stuff him
text: into the barrel, then hoist the barrel into the back
dialog: of the truck.
dialog: The jazz tr ttpet is sti l playing, as we --
speaker_heading: CTT IRA
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: K
dialog: 100.
scene_heading: =NT. ELIZABETH'S BEDROOM - DAY
text: It is the folloaring morning. Tony is in bed, asleep.
text: Elizabeth enters, turns on the bedroom TV set and
text: these crosses and shakes Tony. Tony comes awake fast.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Wha_ is it?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Your friend, DeVito ---
text: The TV` set has warmed up and now the Newscaster's voice
text: comes over the pict'..ire of a middle-class house in
dialog: Bayonne, New Jersey.
speaker_heading: NEWS CASTER
dialog: There have been no ransom demands
dialog: and the Devito family -- although
dialog: concerned -- are not yet alarmed.
speaker_heading: (THEN)
text: Police have stationed a guard on
dialog: the ex-union Leader's Bayonne, New
dialog: Jersey home were his 'rife and groom
dialog: daughter are in seclusion. Informed
dialog: sources fear an eruption of mob
dialog: violence if the popular Labor Leader
dialog: has met with foul play.
dialog: I
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: As the Television Newscaster switches to another item,
text: we see a burning house, fire engines, so on.
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER
dialog: Long Beach, New York. In a possibly
dialog: related incident, the home of re-
dialog: puted Syndicate figure Santsno
dialog: Corleone was firebombed early this
dialog: morning. Corleone, thirty-five, is
dialog: in guarded condition at Saint
dialog: Catherine's hospital with first
dialog: } degree burns over two thirds of his ---
text: Tony is out of bed. Be has switched off the TV set
dialog: and crossed to the phone.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Long distance =;fc_aa,ion, please.
dialog: h T e number of the Ve?as ?alms ---
speaker_heading: C , D TO:
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: ??3
scene_heading: EXT. LAS VEGAS AIRPORT - MIGHT
text: It is early evening of the same day.
scene_heading: INT. LAS VEGAS AIRPORT - VIGET
text: as Tony comes out into the central area of the Vegas
text: Airport. He pauses, looks around.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: as Rocco Lampcne crosses up to him.
speaker_heading: ?? LAMPONE
dialog: Let's go.
speaker_heading: ANOTEER AUG=
text: as Tony follows Lampone.
scene_heading: EXT. LAS VEGAS AIRPORT - NIGHT
dialog: as a big car driven by a Button an named Fritz pu.Us
text: up. Rocco opens the door to the backseat, gestures
dialog: Tony in. As Tony gets in ---
speaker_heading: ON ROCCO
text: I He looks around. There is a car full of Button Men
text: in front of them. Another car full of button men
text: behind. Rocco nods. Gets a nod back &gt;rom each driver.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - D1=GET
text: As Tony gets into the backseat, we see that Tom Hagen
text: is there. Rocco Lampone now gets into the front seat
text: alongside the driver, Fritz.
text: A L MP ORE.
dialog: Tony, this is Fritz.
speaker_heading: (THEN)
dialog: Let's move.
speaker_heading: ?NOT= AIGI2
dialog: as the cars drive out om! the ai Ci .. a 1 e, 2Eagef' S
text: car in the middle.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: I
dialog: 102.
scene_heading: INT. HAGEN `S CAR
text: as Hagen turns to. Tony.
dialog: - SAGR'??1
text: Danny's dead. They found him in
text: a barrel at the mouth of the
dialog: Mississippi.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Maatrocina?
speaker_heading: HAGEN
speaker_heading: (NODS }
dialog: It's going to be bad for a while,
dialog: that`s wby I wanted you out here.
dialog: It's time you-Jesus Christ Fritz
text: This last as another car swings out of a side street
text: and a Hood leans out of the rear window with a t•.reLve
text: gauge p=p gun, and blasts at Fritz.
speaker_heading: ON RAG-EN'S CAR
text: as a blast of heavy shot takes out the windshield
text: and blows most of Fritz's head away.
speaker_heading: ' : NT. SAGrzN ' S CAR
text: As a fountain of blood gushes up from the stalk of
text: Fritz's neck and Hagen's car starts to swerve into
text: the curbing, the Gunman in the other car sends two
text: more blasts of deer--load into Hagen's car.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: as the Corleone Button Men in the following car blasts
text: at the attackers, the Shotgun Man blasts away.
speaker_heading: I ANOTT ER ANG=
text: as Hagen is hit by half a dozen buckshot and he flaps
text: over dead, onto Tony. The caw hits and tolls.
speaker_heading: ANOTSER ANGLE
text: The Hagen car comes to a s tor on its wheels again.
dialog: The Corleone Butt-an Men it the fol icwinc ca= -snt?
dialog: cut, run up.
dialog: 0
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: I
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: CLOSER
text: As Rocco Lampone comes out of the wreckage, the Button
text: men are pulling Tony -- who is unconscious -- out.
text: Lampone looks at Fritz and Hagen.
speaker_heading: LONE
dialog: Not a goddamned thug you can do
dialog: for them. Let's get out of here.
speaker_heading: ANOTBER ANGLE :
dialog: As The Corleone Men carry Tony to the other ca= and
text: get him inside, people are starting to gather.
speaker_heading: LAMPONE
dialog: It's all right. It's all right.
dialog: Gangway. We're getting him to
dialog: the hospital! Man's hurt here!
dialog: Clear the road:.
text: As the Bystanders move back, the Corleone car burns
dialog: rubber and digs out
speaker_heading: CQT TO:
speaker_heading: MT. BEDROOM (CORLEONE COMPOIINf, TAHOE) - NIGTT
text: Camera is subjective, the screen is pitch black with
text: a single red-orange dot moving erratically in the
dialog: center. It is the coal of a cigarette as someone
text: takes a last puff, tamps it out, then scratches a
text: match and. lights another.
text: In the flare of the match we see a Nurse's bulldog
dialog: face.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE - INCLC1 ING TONY
text: He wears a bandage around his head like a burban. Be
text: is looking at the Nurse in the flicker of the match
dialog: flame.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: XURSE
dialog: OY., gc?od, you're awake.
speaker_heading: TC Y
dialog: Wait a minute.
speaker_heading: S
speaker_heading: t CfJI3'?'LD }
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: A
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: CONTD DZD :
speaker_heading: NU'RSZ
dialog: I'll be right back.
text: The nurse has risen. She switches on a lamp and
dialog: exits.
speaker_heading: ANOThR ANGLE (MIRROR SHOT)
text: We are angled into a mirror over a chest of drawers,
text: holding on Tony as he sits up in bed, then gingerly
text: gets to his feet. He is wearing silk pajamas. Now
text: he crosses to the mirror and checks himself out.
text: Aside from the bandage he seems to be in one -piece.
text: Now, in the mirror we see the door open and silhou-
text: etted in the doorway, the figure of Michael. Tony
dialog: turns.
speaker_heading: ANOTffER ANGL -
text: as Tony and Michael look at one another for. a long
dialog: moment.
speaker_heading: HICEAEL
dialog: How are you feeling?
speaker_heading: S TONY
dialog: What am I doing here?
text: As Michael comes into the room and closes the door:
speaker_heading: HICEAEL
dialog: I had Rocco bring you.
speaker_heading: (THEN)
dialog: How's the head? A little -pain?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: A little.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: The Doctor says it's nothing.to
dialog: bother you, but I've always found
dialog: it's easier to be brave about some-
dialog: body else's headache.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Did he say how soon T could leave?
dialog: MIC'Z??
dialog: Sit dcwn. Sim down..
speaker_heading: S
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ANO'TEMR ANGLE
text: Tony doesn't sit down.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: r'd like to get out of here as soon
dialog: as possible.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Let me ask you a question. Have
dialog: you any idea where you stand?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I'm not totally stupid.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I aC 't think you're stupid. I
dialog: think you're smart. 3 t not smart
dialog: enough.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: t'n willing to learn.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Good.
speaker_heading: (THEN)
dialog: You've let your enemies get too
dialog: close to you.
speaker_heading: (THEN)
dialog: Those people who tried to kill you
dialog: in Las Vegas, they were Maatrocina's
dialog: people.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Are 'you sure?
dialog: Michael answers that question with a look: Of course
dialog: in sure.
speaker_heading: MICHAZZ,
dialog: The question to ask is this: Who
dialog: knew you were flying to Las Vegas?-
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: The girl I was staying with and ---
dialog: Tony breaks off:
speaker_heading: HICI=L
dialog: Someone f_ cm Langley?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Before I left, I called a man named
dialog: Stuart ?almateer.
speaker_heading: (CONY r ED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: CONTINOEA
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I told Tom Hagen -- God rest his
dialog: soul --- but I warned him. it was a.
dialog: mistake -- that whole Vidal business.
dialog: As the only contact between our people
dialog: and the Government you had no protec-
dialog: tion. You were naked.
speaker_heading: (THEN)
dialog: It they want to break the contact,
dialog: they elimirate you and they're clean.
dialog: As long as you're alive,. you're a
dialog: threat -- do you understand?
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: As Tony sits. He's not sure whether he likes or
dialog: trusts or is ready to forgive his father, but he
dialog: knows the sound of good sense when he hears it.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: How long do you think the-Administra-
dialog: tion would last if it were to come
dialog: out that the President used the
dialog: Corleone family to assassinate the
dialog: head of a foreign state.
speaker_heading: 0 (THEN)
dialog: The question is rhetorical.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Michael takes out a cigar and goes about the ceremony
dialog: of lighting it.
speaker_heading: - MICHAEL
dialog: I'm not supposed to smoke these
dialog: things, but it, isn't every day
text: a man's son comes home.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: You were saying?
speaker_heading: XICHAEL
dialog: Every year- -- on February third --
dialog: I've sent you a check. Those ohecks
dialog: were never cashed
speaker_heading: TCNY
dialog: Would you like to '.cacw why?
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: r've always know why -- and z res-
dialog: pect your reasons. But, neverthe-
dialog: less, I'm your lather and anything
dialog: t have is yours - if it's money you
dialog: want, my friendship, the benefit of
dialog: my experience -- if you'll accept it.
dialog: It's yours.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I I need your advice.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: (nods, then)
dialog: There are two ways I see to handle
dialog: this. First, I can make you dis-
dialog: appear in. Sicily until everything
dialog: blows over. Things change. Men get
text: old and angers cool. In four or
dialog: five years you could probably be
dialog: safe to come home again..
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: What's the other way?
speaker_heading: 1
dialog: MICE?
dialog: 0 The other way is a gamble that you
dialog: could lose.
speaker_heading: (THEN)
dialog: And it would mean becoming a part
dialog: of the family -- for a while anyway.
text: Tony is just looking at Michael.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Think about it. Sleep on it.
dialog: We'll talk again in the morning.
scene_heading: I=. THE BOATHOUSE (CORLEONE COMPOUND) - DAE
text: Tony enters the glassed-in boathouse. Outside, cold
dialog: white winter and the deep, blue Lake. With hi= is a
dialog: Sezv'ant..
speaker_heading: SERVANT
dialog: Your father will be out in a moment.
speaker_heading: (INDICATES)
text: There's coffee on the sideboard.
text: Tony tads. The Ser-want exits. 'ror.?y crosses to the
text: sideboard, pours a cup of coffee. As he t:uzmns with
text: it, his eyes fall on a table in the corner on which
speaker_heading: (CCdN V E )
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: I
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: CONT??IUED :
text: are many Pictures, mostly in heavy silver frames.
text: Some are studio portraits. Some are grainy blow-ups
text: of snapshots. Tony crosses to the table of pictures.
scene_heading: VERY CLOSE - THE PICTURES
text: As Tony looks, we are moving from picture to picture.
text: The first is a wedding portrait taken on Connie's
text: wedding day. Carlo is kissing the Bride. The God-
text: father stands, proud and uncom.fortable in his tuxedo.
text: Michael in his uniform. The twins, - all heavy eyebrows
dialog: and baby fat.
dialog: '"here is a picture of Sonny with his fists up and
text: laughing as if about to hit someone.
text: There is a photograph of the three brothers, Sonny,
text: Michael and 'redo, their arms around each other, at
text: an outing someplace. Sonny is in the middle of a
text: big grin. Fredo looks shy and scared. Michael is
text: staring straight ahead, a boyish smile on h 1s face
text: although his eyes are cold.
text: There is a picture of Michael and Ray at Tony's con-
dialog: firmation.
dialog: 0
text: There is a blown-up snapshot of the Godfather in his
text: tomato garden in the backyard..
speaker_heading: ON TONY
text: as he picks up the picture of the Godfather, remem-
dialog: BERING ---
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: A FLLASHBACE SEQUENCE - {FROM GODFATHER I)
text: The old Don is tending his tomato vines. With him
text: is the little boy, Tony. aged three or four. They
dialog: have the special rapport that sometimes exists be-
dialog: tween the old and the very youzg. They play teasing
text: games with paper fangs and the bug spray can, then
text: suddenly, the old man's heart ;ailed him, and he falls
dialog: i n to the tomato vines. After a moment the lit :le boy
dialog: understands that the old man is no l anger playing a
dialog: game, and he beomes frightened:
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: L
speaker_heading: LOS.
scene_heading: INT. TifE BOATHOIISZ•- DAY
text: We are on the door as Michael enters. He pauses for
dialog: a moment, then:
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ' .
dialog: Do you remember your grandfather?
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANC
text: as Tony turns from the table full of pictures with his
text: grandfather's framed portrait still in his hand.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Yes..
text: As Tony puts down the picture, Michael comes up.
speaker_heading: 1SICEAEL
dialog: Do you remember him with admira-
dialog: tion and respect?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Z remember that I loved him.
speaker_heading: MILBAEL
dialog: 0 So did I.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I've been thinking about these
dialog: choices.
text: Michael holds up his hand to delay the decision.
speaker_heading: 141C RAM
dialog: Talk with me for a moment.
speaker_heading: (THEN)
dialog: Let me learn something about my
dialog: son.. What's Trident Scholar?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: It's a special honors program for
dialog: First Classmen.
speaker_heading: MIC3AEL
dialog: You liked Annapolis?
speaker_heading: _ONY
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: AICZAEL
dialog: Enough to make a life in t e Navy?
speaker_heading: (CONT"-RLGCZD)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: ??I
speaker_heading: ILA
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: No. Not that much.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: 2 was surprised you didn't go to
dialog: Dartmouth.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I thought about it, but Kay wanted
dialog: me to go to Annapolis and the price
dialog: was right.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: How's Hanover these days?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: About the same.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I always liked that town. That' S
dialog: where Z met your mother -- when I
dialog: was going to school up there.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: 0 MICHAEL
dialog: I'd planned to live there, you know.
dialog: Teach maybe -- or go into law. A.
text: little office on Wheelock Street.
dialog: Deeds and wills. I would have liked
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Why didn't you do it?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Because one day a Sicilian pimp
dialog: and dope peddlar named Virgil
dialog: Solla2 O tried to assassinate my
dialog: father -- your grandfather -- and
dialog: I had to do something about it.
speaker_heading: (THEN)
dialog: It was a mistake. S took a road.
dialog: The wrong road for me. It ended
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: is this so bad? Sa
dialog: don't know. it depends or. what
dialog: you call terrib? e . You have to
speaker_heading: CCDN'TINV D)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MICHAEL (cant 'd)
dialog: live a certain way --- a cold way -
dialog: or you won't live long.
speaker_heading: (THEN)
dialog: Do you remember your uncle credo?
speaker_heading: TONY
speaker_heading: (SMILES)
dialog: ?redo, the fisherman. Yes. I'll
dialog: always remember, he had a secret
dialog: way to catch fish. 'He taught me.
dialog: You say a Hail. Mary' before you
text: put the line down. It never fails.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: You know what happened to ?'redo?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: He died didn't he?
speaker_heading: MIS
dialog: I had him killed. My own brother.
dialog: It was something r had to do -- or
dialog: felt I had to.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: He went against the family. So I
dialog: waited until our mother died and
dialog: then I --
dialog: (breaks off ,
speaker_heading: THEN)
dialog: Not too many people are fitted for
dialog: this kind of a life. I've had to
dialog: do mazy hard things, but sending
dialog: you and your sister away -- that
dialog: was the hardest.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: There is a beat. To= and his father look at each
dialog: other and for a moment we feel that Tony is going
text: to cross to his father, then the moment passes:
speaker_heading: MYC""L
dialog: And now, that I've said t~ at, I'd
dialog: like to hear your decision.
speaker_heading: ' :CN'Y
dialog: I don't th.iL k I'd ? ike Sicil v
speaker_heading: (CON'R 1MED )
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 112.
speaker_heading: CONTINOED:
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Good.
speaker_heading: (THEN)
dialog: Come sit with me. Time is short
dialog: and I have a lot to tell you.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: t N T. CIA BUILDING (LOBBY) - DAY
text: As Tony, in civilian clothes, passes through the
text: inner- checkpoint with his legitimate credentials.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: ZNT. MOREHOUSE'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Morehouse and Palmateer are in the office. Their atti-
text: tudes are. less than cordial as Tony enters.
speaker_heading: MOREHOUSE
dialog: Come in Adams, sit down. I've
dialog: called Stu in on this --
speaker_heading: (GLANCES AT
speaker_heading: WATCH)
dialog: Though I'm afraid I can't give
dialog: you much time. I've got a brief-
dialog: ing with the Z-orty Committee at
dialog: noon.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: what I have to say won't take long.
speaker_heading: (THEN)
dialog: And I think we 111 all be happier
dialog: if it's not on tape.
text: Morehouse pauses a moment then openens a drawer and
text: switches ofd his tape machine.
speaker_heading: MOREHOUSE
dialog: Sow's your health? I understand
dialog: you got a crack on the head?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I'm fine now.
speaker_heading: MOREBOUSE
dialog: you were up at your father's place
dialog: in Tahoe?
dialog: T::at d s rig
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 113.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED :
speaker_heading: MOREHOUSE
dialog: Has he changed much?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Not as much as I' d. expected.
speaker_heading: MO 2 CUSZ
dialog: I remember him very well -- from
dialog: the Senate hearings on crime. Heat
dialog: little man. Very polite, spoke in
text: a soft, reasonable voice. He sat
dialog: there with two million dollars worth
dialog: of legal talent at his elbow and told
dialog: the United States Government to go
dialog: piss up a rope.
speaker_heading: (SMILES)
dialog: You had to admire the pretentious
dialog: little bastard.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: We're wasting each other's time
dialog: with this, Mister Morehouse.
speaker_heading: ' M OREHOUSE
dialog: All right, Son. This is your party.
dialog: You've got five minutes.
speaker_heading: 0 (THEN)
dialog: But before we start, I'm not going
dialog: to listen to a lot of recriminations
dialog: about that cveration. Your people
dialog: blew it, pure and sim le. It was
dialog: totally mishandled. A mistake from
dialog: beginning to end.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: The big mistake was that I'm still
dialog: alive.
speaker_heading: `SOREROUSE
dialog: Come again?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: 11 you'd managed to get rid of me
dialog: down there - or in Vegas -- you' d
dialog: be all right. silt it's too Late
dialog: now. You've lost your chance.
speaker_heading: HOREZOUSE
dialog: I don't know what the hell you're
dialog: talking about.
dialog: (C 0 di': I?It )
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: I
dialog: .7
dialog: 114.
speaker_heading: CONTINU
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: If anything should happen to me --
dialog: anything at all -- you can find out.
dialog: The full story will be all over the
dialog: six o'clock news.
speaker_heading: MOREHCQSE
dialog: I'd like to hear your conception of
dialog: the full story..
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: You were running a no-lose operation.
dialog: if we succeeded, you were rid of
dialog: Vidal. -- if we failed, the Corleone
dialog: family was set up to take the blame.
dialog: Your hands were clean. I was the
dialog: only one who could dispute your
dialog: story and I wasn't supposed to come
dialog: back. I've found out that my res-
dialog: ignation from the Navy was processed
dialog: and accepted a full week before I
dialog: went down here ---
speaker_heading: MOPEEOUSE
dialog: Stu?
speaker_heading: PALMATE=
dialog: Well, yes, Sir. His resignation did
speaker_heading: E
dialog: go through, but it was a snafu -- a
dialog: Yeoman's mistake, that's all.
speaker_heading: MOREHOUSE
dialog: A clerical error.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: And I don't buy it.
speaker_heading: MOREBOUSE
dialog: don't give a shit if you buy it
dialog: or not. And I'll tell you some-
dialog: thing else, Mister Adams, or what-
dialog: ever your fucking name is, I don't
dialog: react favorably to blackmail.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: It's not blackmail. It's a simple
dialog: statement of fact. If anything
dialog: happens to me or if the Corleone
dialog: Family is damaged iz these Senate
text: Hearings, then the whistle blows
dialog: and the whole zdmin .st_ation aces.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 7
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED) ?
speaker_heading: MOREHOUSE
dialog: And what makes you think T. give a
dialog: shit about what happens to the Admin-
dialog: istration?
text: Morehouse grins without humor. Tony's eyes flicker.
dialog: Morehouse has told something that Tony needed to know.
text: Morehouse is up and coming around the desk, as he
dialog: continues. _
speaker_heading: _14ORE8OVSE
dialog: Whatever I did was done under dix-
dialog: ect orders from the President of
dialog: the United States, and I. will. so
dialog: testify in open hearing. if that
dialog: upsets some of you= guinea gumbarrs
dialog: in Nevada, then so be it. The days
dialog: are over when your father and his
dialog: like could corrupt and intimidate
dialog: this Nation.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: No. You've taken over the job.
speaker_heading: MORE&amp;OUSE
dialog: Your five minutes are up -- now get
dialog: the hell out of here.
text: As Tony turns and goes, Morehouse glares after him,
text: the glint of victory in his eyes.
speaker_heading: CST TO:
scene_heading: INT. SENATE BU=DING - FOYER - DAY
text: We axe outside the huge Senate Caucus room. The
text: double doors are open and inside we can see the
dialog: preparations for the Hearing. The Senators are
dialog: taking their seats -- the Press is being given the
dialog: Press hand-out (stamped: "Embargoed until Witness
dialog: Testifies"). Technicians are carrying cables for
text: the TV cameras and lights past Lawyers and Committee
dialog: Staff Members.
text: Planted In front of all this, speaking to a TV camera,
dialog: is Elizabeth Ann Dunne.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: This is Elizabeth Ann Dunne coming
dialog: to you from outside, the. Senate. Caucus
dialog: Room where the Senate Select Co=i.--tee
dialog: on Intelligence is meeting this morn--
dialog: ing ..,...
speaker_heading: (THEN)
dialog: Oh, Senator)
speaker_heading: (CaNTI_ TU?:D )
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: I
dialog: I
dialog: L16.
dialog: This last to the polished Senator Barthalemew of
text: Pennsylvania who pauses in front of the camera.
speaker_heading: ELIZABET3
dialog: This is Senator Paul Barthalemew
dialog: Of Pennsylvania who will chair the
dialog: Committee.
speaker_heading: (THEN)
dialog: Can you tell us the specific purpose
dialog: of this Committee, Senator?
dialog: This Committee has been mandated
dialog: to address two questiocis: One, did
dialog: the United States Government -- or
dialog: any of its officials --- authorize,
dialog: instigate or in any way-abet a plot
dialog: to assassinate the Head of a friendly
dialog: foreign State, Armando Vidal.
speaker_heading: (THEN)
dialog: And Two, if not -- who did?
speaker_heading: ELZZA3ETFF
dialog: Thank you, Senator.
dialog: 0
text: As Barthalazaew moves into the Caucus Room, shaking his
dialog: head, we ----
speaker_heading: CIIT TO:
scene_heading: ZNT. SE35MTw CAUCUS ROOM - DAY
text: Barthalemew is. pounding his gavel for order.
speaker_heading: HARTHALE EW
dialog: Take your seats, please. Sergeant
dialog: at Arms' Will. you see that every-
dialog: an takes his seat?
text: We pan over to the door as Tony enters and finds a
dialog: seat.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. A WOODED AREA (PCMPTON LA=S, NNW SBRSEY) - DAY
text: Ralph •Augusto, bare to the waist, is half way up a
text: hill, in a stand of trees, working with an ax. Se
text: has stripped off his shirt and his coat. is shirt
dialog: and his gun are placed aver a fallen t=ee, ten yards
dialog: away.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 117.
speaker_heading: ANCTHER ANGLE
text: as Prankie Rizzi and Rocco Lampone are coming up the
dialog: hill toward Augusto. They pause:
speaker_heading: LAMPONE
dialog: Hey Ralph?
text: Augusta torus. His eyes flicker to the gun, then
text: back to Rocco and Frankie. He smiles warmly:
speaker_heading: AGSTO
dialog: Hey Rocky. Whaddya say? Waddya
dialog: doin' up here?
dialog: ? R A N =
dialog: We just came up to say goodbye,
dialog: Ralph.
speaker_heading: L?JWONE
dialog: for Neri and DeVito.
text: Frankie and Lampone have spoken almost simultaneously,
text: and as they speak, their guns are out and blasting.
scene_heading: ANCTHwR ANGLE - ON AaGt7STO
dialog: 10
text: As the bullets thwack into his body. he jerks, but
text: doesn't go down. His cold face twists in fury as
text: he is moving down toward Tony, raising the ax.
speaker_heading: ON FRANI(TZ
text: as he stands his ground, blasting. Twice. 171A%ree
dialog: times. Four times.
speaker_heading: ANOTBER ANGLE
text: as Augusta wavers, his face goes slack and he plunges
text: into the ground at F'rankie' s feet. The ax has fallen
dialog: from his hands.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: IN'r . S MIATE CAUCUS ROOM - OAT
dialog: ?Among the Senators an the Committee, we recognize
dialog: Mc:tissick and mossib? y we w i-11. remember old Geary,
dialog: from Nevada. Tonv is an interested spectator as
dialog: 3artha? amew,r quest ions the witness, Martin Davideau.
dialog: 0
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: I
speaker_heading: CUNT t3ED
speaker_heading: 3ARTKALZ W
dialog: And.'what light can you throw on
dialog: this matter, Mister Davideau?
speaker_heading: DAVIDEAII
dialog: S have. a memo here from the Director
dialog: of the FBI to the Director of the CIA
dialog: with copies to the Army, Air Force,
dialog: Navy and State Department Intelligence
dialog: Offices. It states that one of our
dialog: informants -- well, I' l1 read it (ro
speaker_heading: ADS)
dialog: 'during. a recent conversation with
dialog: several friends, underworld figure
dialog: Sam Maatrocina, stated that there
dialog: was going to be an attempt on Armando
dialog: Vidal' s life and this attempt ---
dialog: this hit, in the argot -- was to
dialog: be carried out by another underworld
speaker_heading: FAMILY
speaker_heading: MC RISSICX
dialog: Did this informant identify the other
dialog: underworld family?
speaker_heading: DAVIDEAU
dialog: 0 so Sir, he did not.
speaker_heading: MC KISSICX
dialog: Would you care to speculate,
speaker_heading: GEARY
dialog: Just a minute, Senator -- I whole-
dialog: heartedly object to this Committee
dialog: being used as a for,= for spec-
dialog: ulation based on an anonymous report
dialog: of an alleged conversation. Reput-
dialog: tations. could be recklessly and i --e-
dialog: grievably damaged.
speaker_heading: MC RISSICR
dialog: Very well, very well. We wouldn't
dialog: want to damage any of the constituency
dialog: of my esteemed Collegue from Nevada. --
speaker_heading: GEARY
dialog: Many thanks to the distinguished Sv..nior
dialog: Senator from our Wes tern Sister State
dialog: of Utah.
speaker_heading: C7T TC :
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: I
dialog: 119.
scene_heading: n ?T. MAATROCINA' S OFFICE (NEW YORK CITY) - DAY _
text: Sam Maatrccina is seated in his office on the thirty-
text: third,floor of an old downtown Manhattan office build-
text: ing. The buzzer sounds.
speaker_heading: MAATROCINA
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: SECRETARY'S VOICE
dialog: A couple of gentlemen here from the
dialog: Internal Revenue, Mister Maatrocina.
speaker_heading: MAATRCCIVA
speaker_heading: (SCOWLS)
dialog: The Internal Revenue!?
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: Yes sir.
speaker_heading: MAATROCINA
dialog: All right. Send 'em in.
speaker_heading: ANOTEER AN=
text: The door buzzes open and. two young,- rather conserva-
text: tive looking Men, enter with briefcases.
speaker_heading: I FIRST MAN
dialog: Mister Maatrocina?
text: Maatrocina is coming around the desk:
speaker_heading: MAATROCI:YA
dialog: What- is this? Some kind of a roust?
speaker_heading: FIRST MAN
dialog: It's about your income tax, Sir.
speaker_heading: MAATROCITA
dialog: My taxes are handled by the biggest
dialog: firm of accountants in New York City.
dialog: It costs me a hundred thousand doll-
dialog: ars a year and you two assholes in
dialog: cheap- suits are going to come in here
speaker_heading: AND
text: Sam Maatroci.na breaks off. The Second Young man has
text: hit him an open-handed karate chop on the side of
text: the neck. Now, before Maatroctna can speak or cry
dialog: cut, the Aan has hit :taatrocina a seccad chop, shat-
dialog: ter .ag his adams apple.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: I
dialog: 120.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: As Maatrocina goes to his knees, his eyes goggling,
text: the First Young Man has crosses to the window and
dialog: opened it.
text: Now he and the Second Young Man carry the wide-eyed
text: New York Don to the window and throw him out.
speaker_heading: CUT T0:
scene_heading: EXT. D0WNTG"N MAAJBATZAN STREET - DAY
text: as crowds are gathering around the body of Maatrocina
text: on the sidewalk, the Two Men come out of the building,
text: cross the street and go around the corner.. In the
text: distance, sound of approaching sirens.
scene_heading: EXT. TEE CORNER - DAY
text: as the Two Men come around the corner and get into a
text: waiting car. Driving the car is Frankie Rizzi. As
dialog: they drive off, we ---
speaker_heading: CDT TO:
scene_heading: LYT. SENATE CAUCUS. ROOM - DAY
text: it is late afternoon. A Uitness, General Vanderhorst,
text: the Director of the CIA, is at the table. Geary is
text: quizzing him.
speaker_heading: GEARY
dialog: No. No. What I'm trying to get
dialog: from you, General, is, as Director
dialog: of the Central Zntelligence Agency,
dialog: did you ever have any kind of order
dialog: in writing authorizing you to assass-
dialog: inate the head of a foreign state?
speaker_heading: VANDERHORST
dialog: No, Sir. Z did not.
speaker_heading: MC XISSICX
dialog: Well, come on now.. That's hardly
dialog: the thing that would be put in
dialog: writing, now is it?
speaker_heading: EXRY
dialog: Well what would it be put n 44
dialog: aol writ=q?
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: I
dialog: 121.
speaker_heading: CONTIII=
speaker_heading: MC KISSICX
dialog: X suggest that it would be put into
dialog: the same kind of phraseology that
dialog: Henry used to his Barons when he
dialog: said, 'Will, no one rid me of this
dialog: turbulent priest?' He didn't tell
dialog: them to go kill Thomas --z6 Beckett.,
dialog: but the final result of it was
dialog: murder in the Cathedral ---
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: What has Thomas 3.~ Beckett got to
dialog: do. witii the subject at hand? ---
speaker_heading: CSC RISSICX
dialog: If the Distinguished Senator from
dialog: Nevada will refrain from ----
text: Ba -halemew is beating with the gavel on his desk.
speaker_heading: BARTSALEMEW
dialog: Gentlemen: Gentlemen!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT.. THE MALL - DAY
text: Tony is buying a hot dog at one of the dog-wagons on
text: the Mall. as crosses and sits on a bench where Palmateer
text: is sunning himself, looking at a newspaper.
speaker_heading: CLOSER
text: as Tony takes a bite of his hot dog.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: These are good. You ought to
dialog: stave one.
speaker_heading: PALMATEER
dialog: I don't have a lot of time, Tony.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: First, I wanted to say that although
dialog: I'm sure that I was set--um to be
dialog: killed down there, I never thought
dialog: you were mixed up in i t.
speaker_heading: PA M TEER
dialog: Pine. ' clad to hear that.Now,
dialog: what was it that you wanted?
speaker_heading: (C©NT TC =rD )
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: I
dialog: 122.
speaker_heading: CONTI': UED :
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Z hear that Morehouse is being called
text: in by the CommI tree to testify.
speaker_heading: PALMATEER
dialog: So they tell me.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Well if he does -- and. I'm telling
dialog: you this as a friend --- he's going
dialog: to bring the roof down on him self ---
dialog: and you too.
text: As Pa.lmateer puts the newspaper down, looks at Tony:
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: That's definite, Stu.
speaker_heading: (THEN)
dialog: VIM sorry.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: ?.XT. A MARILAND ROAD (NEAR PATUXENT) - ?IIG3T
text: We pick up an automobile moving south along a road
dialog: that edges Chesapeake Bay.
dialog: is Q.
scene_heading: INT. THE CAR - NIGHT
dialog: We see that Tom Morehouse is driving. We are angling
text: through the front. windshield as he turns off into a
text: marina parking lot.
scene_heading: EXT. THE FLOATS - VIC T
text: as Morehouse comes out onto the float, then climbs
text: aboard. a nice little yawl, apparently his own.
speaker_heading: CLOSER
text: as Morehouse goes to the cabin. The snap lock has
text: been unlocked and the hatchway is open. There is a
text: dim light in the cabin.
speaker_heading: (OREEOUSE
dialog: Stu?
speaker_heading: P Z;? yR
dialog: Down here.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 123..
speaker_heading: 1 T. CAS= - NIGHT
text: as Morehouse comes down the four steps that lead into
text: the cabin, then stops.
speaker_heading: ANOT R ANGLE
text: Palmateer and Rocco Lampone are waiting for him in the
dialog: cabin.
speaker_heading: MOREEOUSE
dialog: What the hell is this?
speaker_heading: ANOT'E' ER ANGLE
text: as Rocco rises, drawing a twenty-two calibre pistol
text: with silencer, and shoots Morehouse three times in
dialog: the chest.
dialog: As Morehouse goes down:
speaker_heading: LAMPONE
dialog: Is he dead?
text: Palmateer kneels to check Morehouse.
speaker_heading: PAL.yATEER
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: LAMPONE'
dialog: So are you.
text: i Lampone had leaned down, put the gun to Palmateer's
text: head and pulled the trigger.
scene_heading: EXT. CHESAPEAXE SAY -- DAWN
text: A small Coast Guard patrol boat moves up Chesapeake
text: Bay, flat calm reflecting a pearly pink sky. As Look-
text: out on the flying bridge scans the bay ahead, then.
dialog: i n to the sneaking tube.
speaker_heading: LOOKOUT
dialog: Bridge.
scene_heading: I . W'SMIZZOUSE - DAWN
dialog: As the Officer o-6' the deck, a yo:;.ng C: a 3cs,.:' .,
speaker_heading: ANSWERS:
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: _T
dialog: 124.
speaker_heading: CONTINGED:
speaker_heading: BOSUN
dialog: Bridge aye.
speaker_heading: LOOKOUT'S VOICE
text: That yawl looks like it's adrift.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: As Morehouse's sailboat drifts in the calm, it's
text: sails up and motionless, it's tiller untended. The
dialog: patrol boat noses up:
speaker_heading: BOSUN
dialog: Ahoy, the yawl. You all right? -
text: No answer. The Bosun jumps aboard.
speaker_heading: BOSUN
dialog: Hello? Avon Lady. if anybody
dialog: down there's doing anything they
dialog: shouldn't, now's the time to -
text: Tae Bosun has looked down into the cabin. 3e breaks
text: off and turns back to the Patrol boat.
speaker_heading: 0 BOSUN
dialog: Get on the horn to base. We got
dialog: two bodies here.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: k =. SFYLATE CAUCUS ROOM - DAY
text: Arne Grundellius is at the witness table.
speaker_heading: GRUNDELLIUS
dialog: And in conclusion, I'd like to say
dialog: that I believe these hearings have
dialog: served a great, good purpose. in
dialog: spite of the fears that the hear-
dialog: ings would do hartto the fabric of
dialog: democracy, our Nation's stronger to-
dialog: day in the knowledge that we do not
dialog: export revolution or use murder as
dialog: an extension of diplomacy.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANG:
dialog: as Grmdelli.us fi.'2is:?es, Geary And one or wwo others
dialog: rise, applatsd.i.r.g.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 125.
speaker_heading: CONTIKTTED :
speaker_heading: GEARY
dialog: Hear. Hear.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE - THE At7D IENCE
text: Tony and Elizabeth are together. Elizabeth is applaud-
text: ing Grundellius. Tony looks over at her.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE LOBBY (SENATE BUILDING) = DAY
text: The meeting has broken up. Spectators, Legislators,
dialog: News Sian and Womea,. Staff and Committee Members are
text: leaving or standing in knots, gossiping.
text: We pick up Elizabeth and Tony as they cross out, pausing
dialog: to speak with Senator Geary and Grundellius who have
dialog: stopped to chat.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Mister Secretary, Senator Geary, I'd
dialog: like to present Tony Adams.
text: There are general greetings, and then, as they move
text: S toward the doors.
speaker_heading: GEARY
dialog: I believe we have mutual friends
dialog: in Nevada, Mister Adams.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Yes Sir. I believe so.
speaker_heading: GEARY
dialog: If there's ever anything I can do
dialog: you come see me.
speaker_heading: TCNY
dialog: I might just take you up on that,
dialog: Senator.
dialog: As they exit ----
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. WASHINGTON D.C. STREET
text: It is sunset. Tony and Elizabeth are walking toward
text: the capital building, outlined against a pink sky.
text: As they walk toward J.-_ we begin to hear t .he Gcdwa ther
speaker_heading: THEME
speaker_heading: SLOW DISSOLVE
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 126.
scene_heading: EXT. CORLEONE COMPOUND - NIGHT
text: We pick up the headlights of a car coming up the
text: long approach driveway toward us. It comes past
text: the gate, past the kennels for the guard dogs, past
text: the guest houses and finally up to the main house
dialog: where it stops.
text: The front door to the house opens and Michael stands
text: silhouetted against the block of yellow light. Tony
text: gets out of the car and comes up to him. They embrace
text: briefly and move into the house together.
text: As the door closes behind them, we start to move up
text: and back. The sound of the single trumpet can still
text: be heard, playing slowly and sadly, the notes faintly
text: resonant as if echoing through the narrow streets of
dialog: some old hill village in Sicily.
dialog: We have pulled up and up and up c ntil everting is
dialog: darkness, as we ---
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
