dialog: 
speaker_heading: THE BIG BLUE
dialog: by
dialog: Luc Besson
dialog: Bob Garland
dialog: Marylin Golden
dialog: "God is at the bottom of the sea and
dialog: I dive to find him."
dialog: Enzo Maiorca
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. GREEK ISLAND - SUNSET
scene_heading: CREDIT SEQUENCE:
text: The image is in black and white.
text: The sun disappears behind arid cliffs which cast giant
text: shadows on the sea.
text: A little boy around 8 years old -- tanned from head to toe
text: -- sprints along the cliffs, scrambles from one rock to
text: another with amazing agility.
text: In one hand, he carries a transparent plastic bag. In the
text: other, a net bag containing flippers, mask, pants and
dialog: sweater.
text: The only thing that slows him down is his bathing suit --
text: obvious hand-me-downs -- way too big. He tugs on them as
text: he goes, holding them up... Until they slide again... as
text: he leaps again... and pulls them up...
text: The little boy is JACQUES MAYOL.
dialog: End credits.
scene_heading: EXT. GREEK ISLAND - SUNSET
text: JACQUES reaches a ledge jutting out over a deserted cove.
text: He spits in his mask... expertly spreads the spit with a
text: finger... locks his feet into the flippers... and dives.
text: He surfaces a long way out... adjusts his mask... and
text: swims away from shore.
speaker_heading: IN OPEN SEA
text: The boy stops swimming -- starts to gulp air -- sucks it
text: in -- oxygenating his blood in a series of deep rapid
text: breaths -- almost hyperventilating, almost alarming if
dialog: we've never seen this before.
text: His gaze is glued to the ocean floor. Clear clear water.
text: 40 feet deep. And intensely blue.
text: Suddenly, he catches his breath and dives -- into the
dialog: blue.
speaker_heading: UNDERWATER
text: JACQUES touches bottom. Clamps his legs around a rock to
text: hold himself down. Unhurried, thoroughly at home, 40 feet
text: under... he opens the plastic bag. A huge speckled moray
text: eel appears in a hole in the rock, slithers toward him.
text: The carnivore's jaws are bigger than the boy's head.
text: The boy smiles at him. Pulls a piece of raw meat out of
text: his bag and holds it out. The eel takes the morsel
text: delicately -- and slithers back into his hole.
text: Gravely, JACQUES takes another morsel out of the bag.
scene_heading: EXT. VILLAGE - DUSK
text: JACQUES walks up a steep road bordering the port, almost
dialog: dry now.
text: Two boys about his age run up the streets; call out, catch
text: up with him and gesture toward the port.
speaker_heading: THE BOYS
dialog: Jacques! Come quick!
scene_heading: EXT. PIER - DUSK
text: The little boys tug JACQUES to the end of the pier and
text: point to something in the water.
speaker_heading: BOYS
dialog: Look! Right there! It's shining!
text: JACQUES walks over, and sure enough sees something shining
text: a few feet down in the water.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: (squinting)
text: A coin.
speaker_heading: FIRST BOY
dialog: I found it.
speaker_heading: SECOND BOY
dialog: Liar!
text: Camera pans and we see a middle-aged PRIEST loading
text: supplies into a small boat. He stops to watch the
text: children's negotiations. Little JACQUES is putting his
text: flippers on.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: Ok. I'll get it, but no fighting,
dialog: all right?
text: The two boys nod as they point to the coin.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: We'll split it.
speaker_heading: FIRST BOY
dialog: You can't split a coin. That's
dialog: stupid.
speaker_heading: SECOND BOY
dialog: He's right. You're stupid.
text: The pope smiles.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: Then we'll buy something and split
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: SECOND BOY
dialog: A helicopter...
speaker_heading: JACQUES
text: It's a small coin.
speaker_heading: FIRST BOY
dialog: A Ferrari.
speaker_heading: SECOND BOY
dialog: I don't want a Ferrari... What is
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: (interrupting them)
dialog: Maybe a little radio.
text: The two boys look at each other.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: Well. We'll decide later. The light
dialog: is going.
speaker_heading: SECOND BOY
dialog: I get the radio from after school,
dialog: until midnight.
speaker_heading: FIRST BOY
dialog: Since when do you stay up until
dialog: midnight?
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: All right, all right... Can I
dialog: concentrate? And you can stop
dialog: pointing. I've seen it.
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: I've seen it too.
text: The voice is ENZO'S. Another young boy wearing little
text: round glasses.
speaker_heading: FIRST BOY
dialog: (annoyed)
dialog: Shit, it's the Italian!
text: He is slightly older than JACQUES but he is taller. ENZO
text: is with ROBERTO, his younger brother, the only one allowed
text: to carry his flippers. Five kids are behind him.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Well, if it isn't the little
dialog: Frenchman! How is the little
dialog: Frenchman?
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: (cool)
dialog: Fine!
text: ENZO pats JACQUES on the shoulder and leaves his hand
text: there -- a lightly intimidating gesture.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: You don't mind if I go instead, do
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: (intimidated, and
dialog: pretending not to
dialog: be)
dialog: No...
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: If you did mind, you'd tell me,
dialog: wouldn't you?
text: ENZO pats his shoulder reassuringly.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (to his brother)
dialog: Roberto, mio palmo!
text: ROBERTO who has already started to moisten his big
text: brother's gear in the water, holds a pair of dripping
text: flippers and a glistening mask. The pope watches the
text: scene with obvious pleasure.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (to his brother on
dialog: the edge of the
dialog: pier)
dialog: Count!
text: Sure of himself, ENZO takes a deep breath and dives in the
text: water. ROBERTO counts out loud.
speaker_heading: ROBERTO
dialog: 1... 2... 3...
text: The kids all walk over to the edge of the pier. A few
text: feet away, JACQUES takes off his flippers.
speaker_heading: ROBERTO
dialog: 4... 5... 6...
text: ENZO bursts out of the water, the coin in his hand. The
text: children cheer and clap. ROBERTO rushes to catch the
text: equipment that comes flying at him, piece by piece.
text: ENZO walks over to JACQUES.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (showing him the
dialog: coin)
dialog: Who's is it now? You saw it but I
dialog: dove for it!
text: JACQUES doesn't answer.
text: ENZO smiles and slowly puts the coin in his pocket. He
text: pulls it out again and waves it under JACQUES' nose.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (without turning
dialog: around)
dialog: Roberto? How long?
speaker_heading: ROBERTO
text: Six seconds.
text: ENZO looks at JACQUES for a while.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: I'll throw it back into the water.
dialog: You dive and if you do less than
dialog: six, it's yours.
text: JACQUES doesn't say anything, then finally shakes his
text: head, negatively. ENZO smiles, taps him on the shoulder.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Brava!
text: The first boy finally sums up his courage to speak.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: (timidly)
dialog: Enzo? I saw the coin first... We
dialog: split?
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: You can't split a coin, stupid.
text: ENZO laughing, sticks the coin in his pocket and leaves
text: the pier with his gang.
text: The pope smiles and pulls a coin from his pocket.
text: With his flippers dangling from one hand, JACQUES sadly
text: stares out at the sea. The pope calls him over.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Jacques... Come, look.
text: JACQUES goes over to him, sees where he is pointing, the
text: faint gleam of the coin underwater.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Is it a coin shining down there?
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: (overjoyed)
dialog: It is. It's a coin! I'll get it
dialog: for you, Father!
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: It'll be for the poor.
text: JACQUES, intent on the coin's glimmer, quickly slips on
text: his fins, prepares his mask. He swims in the water like a
text: fish, goes directly to the coin. Scoops it up, brings it
text: to the surface.
text: He breaks water, waves the coin, looks for the priest and
text: sees he is no longer there.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: Padre?
text: He looks at the ancient impression on the coin -- "Boy on
dialog: a Dolphin".
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: ON JACQUES - UNDERWATER
text: He's swimming near the spot where he fed the moray eel.
text: He senses something behind him and turns around. He sees
text: a dolphin, still and silent, floating vertically. It
text: seems to be watching him. The surprise is such that
text: JACQUES is in a panic, leaps up to the surface...
scene_heading: ON JACQUES - IN BED
text: He bolts upright, as if suddenly awakening from a dream.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM - ON JACQUES' FATHER - DARK
text: A BURLY MAN, around fifty, crosses the room in the shadows
text: and throws open the shutters with a bang. Sunlight pours
text: in. He walks over to JACQUES' bed in the one room house,
text: and runs his hand through his hair.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: (with a smile)
dialog: ... Come on, time to get up,
dialog: Jacques!
text: JACQUES rubs his eyes. His father walks over to a pile of
text: blankets on the floor, on the other side of the room. He
text: gives the pile a kick.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: (screaming at the
dialog: top of his lungs)
dialog: Louis, wake up!
text: He uncovers a kettle on the fire and ladles up a big bowl
text: of soup for Jacques. A fifty year old man pokes his head
text: out from under the pile of blankets. It's UNCLE LOUIS,
text: who is having a very hard time, waking up.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - DAY
text: JACQUES bursts out of the house, running. Diving gear
text: under his arm. A piece of buttered bread in his mouth.
text: He catches up with his father and UNCLE LOUIS. They're on
text: a path winding down to the port. JACQUES slows down
text: abruptly. Tries to imitate their stride. The weather is
text: balmy and the sea lies before them, peaceful and blue.
scene_heading: EXT. SEA - DAY
text: Their boat on the water. The chug of its ENGINE ECHOES
text: off the cliffs. A few gulls -- drawn by the sound -- skim
text: the waves of its wake.
scene_heading: EXT. BOAT - DAY
text: On board. JACQUES' Father checks the antique air pump.
text: JACQUES polishes the enormous copper diver's helmet and
text: lays out the rest of an old fashioned deep sea diver's
dialog: suit.
text: At the foot of an old monastery another boat passes.
text: The Priest is in it.
text: JACQUES' Father and LOUIS take off their caps. JACQUES
text: takes the gold coin out of his pocket.
text: The pope nods to JACQUES. His father looks over at him
text: without understanding. The child quickly puts the coin
text: back in his pocket.
scene_heading: EXT. BOAT - DAY
text: LOUIS casts anchor. A few feet away, siting on a rock,
text: the kid with little round glasses is fishing. He turns
text: around to the boat. JACQUES smiles and waves at him.
text: ENZO waves back, obviously disturbed in his fishing
dialog: session.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Jacques, come help me.
text: JACQUES helps his father into the diver's suit. The burly
text: man struggles into a pair of weighted lead shoes. He
text: seems sluggish and tired. JACQUES watches worriedly. He
dialog: has a weird feeling.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: You shouldn't dive everyday, Papa.
speaker_heading: UNCLE LOUIS
dialog: Then you shouldn't eat everyday,
dialog: Jacques.
text: His father catches him fondly by the scruff of the neck.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: (winks at him)
dialog: Don't worry. When I'm tired down
text: there, the mermaids help me out.
text: Father and son smile at each other. Then his father puts
text: the helmet on. JACQUES joins LOUIS at the pump.
text: The heavy diver's suit disappears slowly underwater. The
text: gleaming copper helmet is the last thing to slide out of
dialog: sight.
text: JACQUES and LOUIS work the pump. Regular, steady motions
dialog: to maintain the flow of air.
speaker_heading: UNCLE LOUIS
dialog: (to Jacques)
dialog: Hey! Have you ever seen a mermaid?
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: No.
text: They keep on pumping for a while, then...
speaker_heading: UNCLE LOUIS
dialog: I've seen them.
text: UNCLE LOUIS goes on. JACQUES doesn't budge.
speaker_heading: UNCLE LOUIS
dialog: Don't you want to know where?
text: JACQUES looks at the bottom to watch his father.
text: He doesn't answer.
scene_heading: UNDERWATER - JACQUES' FATHER
text: He moves along slowly in his cumbersome diving suit. He
text: is working the top of a rock outcrop on the sea floor. He
text: sees a sponge, hooks it; puts it in a bag that's attached
text: to a life line from the boat fastened to his waist. He
text: moves on.
scene_heading: INT. BOAT - JACQUES AND LOUIS PUMPING
text: They keep up the rhythm. Sitting on a rock at a distance,
text: ENZO watches them. UNCLE LOUIS is bored stiff.
speaker_heading: UNCLE LOUIS
dialog: Why don't you ask me?
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: UNCLE LOUIS
dialog: Where I saw the mermaids?! Why
dialog: don't you ever ask any question?
dialog: I'm always the one asking the
dialog: question! We're sitting here like
dialog: two stones and I'm taking to myself.
dialog: Ask me something, Goddamnit!
text: JACQUES calmly looks over at him, slows down his pumping
text: and almost serenely asks him:
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: (in a completely
dialog: flat tone)
dialog: Why did my mother leave?
text: UNCLE LOUIS seems disturbed by the question. A beat.
speaker_heading: UNCLE LOUIS
dialog: (ill at ease)
dialog: Come on now, pump!
scene_heading: UNDERWATER - JACQUES' FATHER
text: He is walking with difficulty at the bottom. His bag is
text: full of sponges. He seems to be having trouble breathing.
scene_heading: EXT. BOAT - JACQUES AND LOUIS
text: JACQUES and LOUIS are pumping silently. UNCLE LOUIS feels
text: obliged to answer JACQUES' question.
text: UNCLE LOUIS finally breaks the silence and explains:
speaker_heading: UNCLE LOUIS
dialog: Your mother didn't leave. She went
dialog: back to America, that's all. It's
dialog: her home. She's allergic to this
dialog: Island. She likes refrigerators and
dialog: machines that clean the floor... so
dialog: one day she left. Woman are like
dialog: that, unpredictable, like the sea.
text: They haven't been paying attention to the bubbles gushing
text: at the surface. The air hose is being pulled down in a
dialog: very worrisome way.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: (with a slight grin)
dialog: So where did you see mermaids?
text: UNCLE LOUIS smiles.
speaker_heading: UNCLE LOUIS
dialog: In the bars in Athens!
text: Very pleased with himself, UNCLE LOUIS burst out laughing.
text: JACQUES shyly shrugs his shoulders. The air hose is
text: suddenly yanked down. JACQUES immediately sees all the
text: bubbles. He is white as a sheet.
text: JACQUES rushes to the side of the boat and starts yelling
text: down at his father. He grabs the life line and starts
text: pulling at it hysterically. The air hose snaps and
text: starts flying around like some crazy snake. JACQUES tries
text: to jump overboard. UNCLE LOUIS catches hold of his foot
text: at the last second. JACQUES is slapping the water with
text: his hands, trying to go down but UNCLE LOUIS won't let
text: him. JACQUES is yelling desperately. ENZO is now
text: standing on his rock, watching the scene, horrified.
text: The sea now looks as if it were boiling.
text: UNCLE LOUIS grabs hold of JACQUES and hugs him in his
text: arms. Standing on his rock, ENZO is now crying
dialog: desperately.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: Jacques! Jacques!
text: The last air bubbles are now breaking on the surface; it
text: looks as if they will never stop.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ITALIAN VILLAGE STREET - DAY
text: The image is now in color.
text: A rocky pink cliff over looks the very bright sea which
text: fills the screen.
scene_heading: SUPERIMPOSED: 1987 SICILY
text: ALFREDO runs (skips) up the cobbled street as fast as he
text: can go, surprisingly fast.
text: He runs to the large terrace of a restaurant which he
text: enters. We have time to read the sign carrying the
text: restaurant's name: "LA MAMMA".
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT - DAY
text: ALFREDO skips in. He is panting, covered in sweat. His
text: panic is palpable. The whole room watches him approach a
text: long table where a large family is having a birthday party
dialog: for a very old lady.
text: He has to stop a second and catch his breath before he can
text: get the words out. Then leans over and whispers in the
text: ear of a great big man -- around 30 -- built like a bull,
text: wearing little round glasses.
text: The man listens, then stiffens.
scene_heading: EXT. HARBOR - CONSTRUCTION SITE - DAY
text: A beat-up FIAT, towing an equally beat-up trailer, stops.
text: ENZO unfolds out of the driver's seat, like a circus clown
text: emerging from a toy car.
text: The construction SUPERVISOR, an American, wearing a three
text: piece suit, hurries over to him.
text: ENZO has already started undressing. ROBERTO unloads the
text: diving gear from the trailer.
speaker_heading: SUPERVISOR
dialog: (exhausted)
dialog: Signore Molinari?
speaker_heading: ROBERTO
dialog: (shaking his hand)
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: ENZO
text: (calmly undressing,
dialog: expressionless)
dialog: How did it happen?
speaker_heading: SUPERVISOR
dialog: (upset)
dialog: The company asked me to extract
dialog: everything I could from the wreck;
dialog: so the divers were trying to get at
dialog: the engine... and then the boat
dialog: turned over... in the current...
dialog: and... look, I fucked up! Can you
dialog: help?
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: How many are, down there?
text: ENZO goes back to the car.
speaker_heading: SUPERVISOR
dialog: Just one... We're feeding him air,
dialog: but he's not breathing regularly...
dialog: You've got to get him out fast.
text: ENZO glances at the map, then at the accident site.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Ten thousand.
speaker_heading: SUPERVISOR
dialog: Lira?
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Dollars.
speaker_heading: SUPERVISOR
dialog: You're going to hold me up at a time
dialog: like this?
speaker_heading: ROBERTO
dialog: You do understand you're talking to
dialog: the champion diver of the world?
speaker_heading: SUPERVISOR
dialog: Yes, but ten thousand dollars...
text: ENZO opens the trunk of his FIAT and pulls out the jack.
text: He slams the trunk shut, and stands looking at the
text: American, straight in the eyes.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Okay. You tell me. How much would
dialog: you say the man's life is worth?
text: Extremely uncomfortable, the SUPERVISOR doesn't answer.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: In my village, we have a saying:
text: when the wind blows, the flags of
dialog: all nations flap in the same
dialog: direction.
speaker_heading: SUPERVISOR
dialog: (baffled)
dialog: What does that mean?
speaker_heading: ROBERTO
dialog: That you should get your checkbook.
dialog: Damn quick.
scene_heading: EXT. UNFINISHED PIER - ENZO
text: He's at the end of the pier, his feet dangling in the
text: muddy water of the port. A few feet away a pump sends air
text: HISSING through a rubber tube to the diver trapped below.
text: ENZO inhales steadily, his chest heaving like a bellow.
text: He carefully puts his spectacles inside his shoes, dons
text: his flippers, etc., with his usual flair of suspense.
text: Behind him the SUPERVISOR and other construction workers
text: watch expectantly. ROBERTO heaves a stone weight into the
text: bay, a cable attached to it plays out from a drum on the
dialog: pier.
text: ENZO ignoring everyone, grabs the ordinary tire jack,
text: flip-flops over to the now taut cable, the stone has hit
text: bottom. He takes a deep breath and dives into the bay.
scene_heading: UNDERWATER - WRECK
text: ENZO dives down a chimney of muck. Picks his way over and
text: around every hazard, until he reaches the diver, trapped
text: under a huge piece of debris.
text: He pats his shoulder to comfort him, he then inserts the
text: tire jack under a piece of concrete... And, as if he were
text: changing a tire, begins to pump the handle...
text: Slowly, in a swirl of mud and water, the chunk of debris
text: rises off the diver's leg.
scene_heading: EXT. CONSTRUCTION SITE - DAY
text: Everyone is staring at the water silently, suspensefully.
text: The SUPERVISOR has his checkbook in hand, but has
text: completely forgotten it, intent upon what's going on
text: underwater. ROBERTO taps him on the shoulder.
speaker_heading: ROBERTO
dialog: Since we have a little time, what do
dialog: you say you write that check?
scene_heading: UNDERWATER - WRECK
text: ENZO cuts the cables tangled around the diver's torso.
text: Then he takes off his flippers, plants his bare feet on
text: the concrete, grabs the diver by the shoulders and pulls
dialog: him free.
text: The diver drops the air tube and climbs as quickly as
text: possible toward the surface.
scene_heading: EXT. CONSTRUCTION SITE - DAY
text: The diver surfaces, gasping for breath. A cheer goes up
text: from the crowd. Several men hurry to pull him onto dry
text: land. But there is no sign of ENZO. Everyone waits,
text: breathless.
speaker_heading: ROBERTO
dialog: (to the Supervisor)
dialog: Sign here.
text: Suddenly, ENZO appears, burst out of the water, holding
text: his flippers up in the air like a trophy. The onlookers
text: cheer, help him out of the water, slapping him on the
dialog: back.
text: ENZO tosses the jack and his flippers to ROBERTO.
text: Impassive and silent, he slips his arms into the prize
text: fighter's robe that ROBERTO holds out for him, walks
text: solemnly back to his car.
text: ROBERTO takes the check and walks over to the car. ENZO
text: bends down into the car and opens the roof.
speaker_heading: SUPERVISOR
dialog: (through the open
dialog: roof smiling)
dialog: Thanks, thanks a lot. I mean that
dialog: too... You extortionist bastard!
text: The car rushes off. In the distance we see a police
text: (carabinieri) car and an old fire engine rolling in the
dialog: direction of the construction site.
scene_heading: INSIDE FIAT - DRIVING AWAY
text: ENZO'S car drives past them. ENZO looks at ROBERTO out of
text: the corner of his eye, then suddenly explodes with joy.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Dollars, Roberto! We took him for
dialog: ten thousand dollars!
text: ROBERTO whoops and whistles. ENZO reaches over and leans
text: on the horn. The little car races by and finally stops at
text: the top of the cliff facing the sea.
scene_heading: EXT. TOP OF CLIFF - DAY
text: The two brothers sit back, relax.
text: Stare out to sea.
speaker_heading: ROBERTO
dialog: (after a while)
dialog: Enzo, what are you going to do with
dialog: the money?
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Have the car painted.
speaker_heading: ROBERTO
dialog: Santini will do that for 25 dollars!
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Then tell him to wax it too.
speaker_heading: ROBERTO
dialog: Enzo, really. What are you going to
dialog: get?
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (thinking)
text: A rosary for Mama, a dress for
dialog: Angelica, something with rhine-
dialog: stones for what's her name, and get
dialog: yourself a suit that fits... But
dialog: most important...
speaker_heading: ROBERTO
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Find the Frenchman. Find me Mayol.
scene_heading: EXT. FLAKES OF SNOW - MOUNTAINS - DAY
text: Mountain peaks, stark and white. A winter sky which is
text: strangely and disquietingly dark. A landscape swept by
dialog: snow.
scene_heading: SUPERIMPOSED ON SCREEN: PERU - LAKE HUACRACOCHA - MAY 1987
text: A yellow light comes out of the storm -- advances toward
text: us. The headlight of a train.
text: A narrow gauge locomotive steams up grade pushing piles of
text: snow in front of it.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN - DAY
text: Sitting in the train, leaning against the misty window,
text: JOHANA CROSS, 27, has clear quick charm and a sort of
text: romantic fragility. She is dressed simply but warmly.
text: She looks through the window; all she sees is white.
dialog: It is clear that she was not the one who decided on this
text: trip. Reading the key phrases from a beat-up note book,
text: she calls upon an old Peruvian.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: (in Spanish)
dialog: Is this the Lago del Demonio?
dialog: (Es bien aqui el Lago del Demonio)
dialog: ... Huacracocha?
text: The old man goes into a long, rambling explanation.
text: JOHANA nods without understanding a thing.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: Gracias.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: You welcome.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN STATION - DAY
text: The train pulls in, slowly pushing piles of snow in front
text: of it and finally stops in front of an old shack which
dialog: serves as the station.
text: A man, FRANK, bundled in a parka, comes out of a
text: snowmobile parked by the station, and walks up to the
dialog: train.
text: JOHANA steps down, carrying her suitcase and drops two
text: feet in the snow as she comes off the last step. FRANK
text: walks over and leans down towards her.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Welcome to Peru!
scene_heading: INT. SNOWMOBILE - DAY
text: FRANK throws the luggage into the back of the snowmobile,
text: jumps in and turns the ignition on. JOHANA takes her hat,
text: scarf and gloves off. FRANK glances over at her, he is
text: both amused and charmed.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: Don't you have a heater?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (hitting at the
dialog: dashboard)
dialog: Yeah... Sure... Is this your first
dialog: trip to Peru?
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: Does anybody live to make a second?
text: FRANK smiles and kicks the heating system, then leans over
text: to check it, his eyes off the road.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: (a little worried)
dialog: Forget about the heater!
scene_heading: EXT. LAKE OF THE DEMON - CAMP - DAY
text: The storm is at its peak. The frozen snowmobile plows
text: along side the lake HUACRACOCHA and stops in front of a
text: cluster of quonset huts almost completely buried in snow.
text: FRANK gets the bags out of the back. The suitcases are by
text: now frozen stiff. JOHANA follows in his steps.
text: A couple of llamas are huddled up against the hut in
text: attempt to protect themselves from the storm.
text: JOHANA is bewildered. Shacks in the middle of the Andes,
text: the lake of the "Demon", and now llama that have to be
text: pushed aside to enter one's home.
text: As FRANK opens the door, a man is leaving the hut. The
text: man is JACQUES MAYOL. JOHANA and JACQUES pass each other
text: in slow motion. Everything seems suddenly suspended:
dialog: time, sound, cold...
text: JACQUES MAYOL instantly makes an impression on her. He is
text: now 34, still dark-haired, with dark eyes. He is wearing
text: a red diving suit and a pair of round goggles. He looks
dialog: like some legendary creature one would dream about.
text: Everything finally regains its formal speed. The door
text: slams, the man is gone. She and FRANK are in the middle
text: of the entrance hall. JOHANA hasn't yet gotten over the
text: vision she has just had, but she regains composure and
text: enters the next room.
scene_heading: INT. QUONSET HUT
text: JOHANA happily takes her gloves off.
text: FRANK puts down the bags and walks into the next room.
text: It's a sort of laboratory, filled with ultra modern
dialog: equipment.
text: A big bay window overlooks the lake on which is built a
text: long wooden dock.
text: Sitting in a corner, an old Peruvian man is preparing hot
text: drinks. JOHANA drops into a chair.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: A drink to warm up?
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: Yes, thank you. Intravenous if
dialog: possible.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (pulling out a flask)
dialog: Tea... or whiskey?
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: ... both. Did I just see a man in a
dialog: red suit and goggles?
text: FRANK smiles and pours some whiskey in her tea cup.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: ... right.
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: Dr. Lawrence? The insurance man...
dialog: uh... The insurance person is here!
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: It's about time!
text: FRANK smiles and pours JOHANA some tea. She warms her
text: hands on the cup. She asks blankly.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: Would it be out of place to ask what
dialog: he's doing?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: The guy in the Halloween suit!
text: LAWRENCE comes in from the other side of the room.
text: He walks straight over to the bay window.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Did you have a nice trip? We were
dialog: getting restless, it's been three
dialog: weeks since the accident.
text: JOHANA walks over to the bay window and starts staring at
text: something in the distance.
scene_heading: EXT. DOCK - ON JACQUES
text: At the end of the dock, JACQUES who is sitting on the edge
text: of a hole which is cut in the ice, is putting a pair of
text: gloves on. He then grabs the handles of a strange machine
text: which emerges from the water and starts taking deep
text: breaths, oblivious to the cold, his mind completely
dialog: elsewhere.
speaker_heading: BACK IN LAB
text: JOHANA watches JACQUES. She just can't believe her eyes.
text: LAWRENCE is bent over one of his machines, fiddling with
dialog: different switches.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (to Johana)
dialog: You should get things moving, you
dialog: know. We're out of equipment and we
dialog: can't do half of our experiments...!
dialog: Frank, check the program!
text: JOHANA is finally able to speak.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: Who... Who is that?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Mayol... Jacques Mayol.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: That's the experiment? Dumping a
dialog: guy into a frozen lake?
text: LAWRENCE turns one last knob.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
text: ... The truck fell into a very deep
dialog: crevasse. We weren't able to save
dialog: the equipment.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: I'll have to talk to the driver.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: In the spring when he melts!
text: JOHANA walks closer to the window. She isn't hearing a
dialog: thing he's saying.
text: JACQUES is putting on his flippers.
text: JOHANA can't believe it.
text: JACQUES is standing by a hole cut in the ice. He is
text: holding onto the machine in the water. He is waving a
dialog: mask.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: (dumbfounded)
dialog: You really send him under the ice?
dialog: He isn't a slave or a convict or
dialog: anything?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: My dear, science is a cruel
dialog: mistress.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: But... how is he going to breathe?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: He isn't going to breathe.
text: JACQUES takes a deep breath, turns a handle and a weight
text: yanks him straight down into the water. LAWRENCE sets his
text: stop watch off and flips a few switches.
text: JOHANA grabs his arm as if they could do something about
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Listen...
text: He raises the volume: we hear the man's heartbeat through
text: a small speaker.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: That's his heartbeat.
dialog: (excited)
dialog: Can you hear the speed at which it's
text: slowing down, it's incredible.
text: LAWRENCE tears off the sheet with the heartbeat measures
text: on it and hands it to JOHANA.
text: JOHANA feels she's on the verge of crying, and can't
dialog: figure it out.
scene_heading: UNDERWATER - JACQUES
text: JACQUES stops his machine by turning one of the handles.
text: He's deep beneath the surface of the frozen lake. He
text: swims deliberately, carefully into a large tube which is
text: hinged open. He closes it around himself. His heart is
text: still slowing down. He pushes a button on the machine,
text: and a flash of light bursts in the opaque night
text: surrounding him.
scene_heading: BACK IN LAB - ON VIDEO SCREEN
text: We see a moving X-ray image.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: He's in the fluoroscope now. Listen
dialog: to his heart. Impressive, huh? The
dialog: flow of blood is concentrated in the
dialog: brain and doesn't even feed the
dialog: limbs anymore. It's a phenomena that
dialog: has only been observed with
dialog: dolphins... until now.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: How long can he stay down? Without
dialog: breathing?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: It depends. He should come up soon.
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Unless he's decided to stay for the
dialog: night.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: Why is he doing this?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: For one thing, it's his job... as
dialog: for the rest of it, I wish I knew.
text: JOHANA sighs with relief as JACQUES appears at the surface
text: in one big breath.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: Shouldn't somebody take him a
dialog: blanket or something?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (smiling at Frank)
dialog: Coffee might be nice.
text: She heads towards the Old Peruvian and pours a cup of
dialog: coffee...
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: (afterthought)
dialog: Will he understand Spanish?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: His mother's an American. He spent
dialog: half of his life in the states. I'd
dialog: try English if I were you.
scene_heading: EXT. DOCK - JACQUES SURFACING
text: He's groggy, half hypnotized. He looks up at the dock,
text: sees JOHANA with a cup of coffee. He stares at her. She
text: hands him the coffee.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: (puzzled)
dialog: I recognize you.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: We saw each other a little while
dialog: ago.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: (serious)
dialog: In the lake?
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: (wondering whether he
dialog: is joking or not)
dialog: No... in the hut.
text: After a long beat...
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: (with a beautiful
dialog: smile)
dialog: Then it was somebody that looked a
dialog: lot like you... Thank you.
text: JACQUES then turns around and walks toward the huts.
text: JOHANA still hasn't moved, as if petrified by her emotions
text: and the severe cold. She then walks up to the hole in the
text: ice and peers into the dark water. She shudders.
scene_heading: INT. CABIN - DAWN
text: JOHANA emerges from a down sleeping bag. She's wearing a
text: big sweater and a wool hat. She is not sleeping.
text: Intrigued by the sound of the snowmobile, she gets up and
text: walks over to the frozen window. JACQUES and FRANK are
text: loading their luggage onto the snowmobile.
text: Outside, LAWRENCE is saying "Goodbye" to JACQUES. Unseen,
text: JOHANA also waves from behind her curtain. JACQUES senses
text: something: he turns around toward the cabin and smiles,
text: waving his hand at JOHANA. She hides behind the curtain
text: and shyly waves back.
text: JACQUES gets into the snowmobile and drives out of the
text: frame. We are left with an endless array of snow-caped
dialog: mountains.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. COTE D'AZUR - DAY
text: Fixed image of the Cote d'Azur. The sparkling blue sea
text: fades into the distance.
text: A French taxi rides along the winding road overlooking the
text: creeks.
scene_heading: INT. - TAXI
text: From behind all his bags, JACQUES obsessively stares at
dialog: the sea.
text: The driver smiles.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: It's beautiful, isn't it?
text: JACQUES smiles.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: We had some bad wind this week. The
dialog: "Mistral"!! "Peuchere"! There
text: isn't one olive left on its tree.
dialog: It suddenly left us this morning...
dialog: I sure won't be the one to call it
dialog: back.
scene_heading: EXT. ANTIBES - ROAD TO MARINELAND
text: The taxi comes to a stop in front of Marineland. JACQUES
text: gets out, carrying one of his bags.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: (to the driver)
dialog: I'll only be five minutes.
text: He enters Marineland.
scene_heading: EXT. MARINELAND - ON JACQUES
text: The park is closed, the paths are deserted. JACQUES
text: approaches the Dolphin's tank. All three dolphins rise up
text: in the water. Greet him with a click and clatter of
text: tongues. JACQUES sits down at the edge of the tank.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: Good morning, everybody! Did you
dialog: sleep well? I slept in a plane, and
dialog: it wasn't too great.
text: He opens his duffel bag. Hunts around, comes up with two
text: packages wrapped in brownpaper. The dolphins stare at
text: him, intrigued.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: Hey! presents.
text: The dolphins CACKLE some more.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: You think I'd forget you?
text: He laughs. The driver, who seems to be quite familiar
text: with the place, walks in heading straight over to the soda
text: machine. Out of the corner of his eye, he takes in the
text: scene, very intrigued.
text: JACQUES has not noticed him.
text: He starts unwrapping the first package.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: For Bathsheba.
text: He produces a little ceramic Llama.
speaker_heading: ON BATHSHEBA
text: looking at the llama, bewildered. As bewildered as a
text: dolphin can be. JACQUES turns the llama upside down. It
dialog: moos: HIAK, HIAK...
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: It's a Llama. You understand? From
text: Peru. It's fighting.
text: BATHSHEBA shakes her head. JACQUES throws the llama into
text: the water. He unwraps the second package. A pair of
text: Peruvian gloves and hat. Wide eyed, the driver sits in
text: the stands to watch the show.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: That's for you, Darjeeling. We
dialog: wouldn't want you to catch cold!
text: He throws them to DARJEELING who catches them.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: And now...
dialog: (singing out)
dialog: "Ta, da..." For you Tina.
text: He pulls out a thermos.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: Something you've never seen either.
text: He opens the thermos.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: Snow!
text: He sprinkles snow flakes on TINA'S head. She tries to
dialog: taste it.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: (smiling like a
dialog: child)
text: A new experience, Tina.
dialog: (nostalgic)
dialog: I missed you little rascals. Did
dialog: you get my post card?
text: The three dolphins leap into the air and land with a huge
text: splash which soaks JACQUES. He takes his shirt off.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: (pretending to be
dialog: serious)
dialog: Oh? Is that what you want?
dialog: Alright, but five minutes, no more.
dialog: I have a taxi waiting.
text: He takes off his pants. The taxi driver gets up, as if to
text: keep him from going in. JACQUES dives into the pool.
scene_heading: UNDERWATER - ON JACQUES
text: He swims under the dolphin, reaches out and grabs hold of
text: the dolphin's snout.
text: The dolphin pulls JACQUES around and around the basin
text: while JACQUES pets his chest and belly. We have never
text: seen JACQUES so relaxed and happy.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MANHATTAN - DAWN
text: Overview of a gray and dirty Manhattan morning. JOHANA
text: depressed, stares blankly out of the window of a yellow
text: cab. She watches the muddy brown water flow under the
dialog: Brooklyn Bridge.
text: The driver keeps yelling obscenities to all the cars
text: around him.
scene_heading: EXT. MANHATTAN - DAY
text: A suitcase in each hand, JOHANA gets out of the cab and
text: walks up the stairs of her apartment.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - DAY
text: JOHANA puts down her suitcase wearily. Catches her breath
text: and gets out her keys. She tries one in the top lock. It
text: doesn't work. She tries harder. There's a woman's voice
text: yelling angrily from inside the apartment.
speaker_heading: SALLY (O.S.)
dialog: I changed the lock you son of a
dialog: bitch!
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: ... Sally?
text: The door opens.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: You're back! Hello. We were
text: burgled.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: Again?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: They got the new T.V.
text: JOHANA comes in, looks at the ransacked apartment.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: ... And the new stereo.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: I hope they remembered to take the
dialog: microwave this time?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Yep. How was your trip...? Help me
dialog: clean up, okay?
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: You called the police?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: They're going to send detectives.
dialog: When they get around to it.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: (shrugging)
dialog: So what, all they ever want is your
dialog: phone number anyway.
text: JOHANA goes over, slumps into an easy chair and sighs.
text: After a beat...
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Well?
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: How was your trip?
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: (flatly)
dialog: Nice... Very interesting... Great!
dialog: (doubtfully)
dialog: ... I guess.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (ironically)
dialog: Okay... Who'd you meet?
text: JOHANA opens her handbag, takes out the strip of
text: electrocardiogram paper, hands it to her.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: A cardiogram...? You met a doctor!
dialog: Congratulations, you're in the
dialog: chips...
dialog: (an afterthought)
dialog: Unless they have socialized medicine
dialog: in Peru. Do they?
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: (indicating paper)
text: It's his heartbeat.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Oh Jesus...! I'll make some coffee.
dialog: (starts toward
dialog: kitchen)
text: They left the stove.
speaker_heading: TIME DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT - LATER
text: The living room is almost completely put back together...
text: SALLY is replacing books in the bookcase, JOHANA is using
text: a carpet sweeper, and talking away.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: (nonstop)
dialog: 6'3", 6'1", maybe 5'9" -- You can't
dialog: be sure, you know the flippers, they
dialog: add height or they take it away, or
dialog: something. Anyway short dark hair...
dialog: Not punk or anything, just short.
dialog: And the cutest smile. He wasn't
dialog: smiling at me, I don't think -- just
dialog: smiling. And he thought he saw me in
dialog: the lake. I mean that was a figure
dialog: of speech... They're so romantic,
dialog: the French.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (bored, half asleep)
dialog: I thought you said he was Peruvian?
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: (annoyed)
dialog: Haven't you been listening?
text: SALLY opens the drapes, revealing it's dawn outside.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: ... Since eight o'clock last
dialog: night...! You're in love.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: Don't be a jerk.
dialog: (emphatically)
dialog: There's no such thing as love at
dialog: first sight.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: UNDERWATER - SWIMMING POOL
text: JACQUES is swimming alone at the bottom of a gigantic
text: swimming pool. He wears a monofin, his head and chest are
text: wired up to an assistant who runs back and forth alongside
dialog: the pool.
text: A man's feet are seen walking over to the side of the
dialog: pool.
text: JACQUES is swimming laps, arching his body like a dolphin.
text: As he approaches one end of the pool, he sees a coin
text: slowly falling in front of him. JACQUES picks it up and
text: looks at it: it's an old Greek coin.
text: JACQUES smiles and swims to the surface.
scene_heading: EXT. ON SIDE OF SWIMMING POOL - DAY
text: JACQUES pokes his head out of the water and pulls off his
text: goggles.
text: ENZO stands over him, smiling.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Jacques, my friend, how are you?
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: (happy)
dialog: Enzo...
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: I leave you swimming and twenty
dialog: years later, you're still in the
dialog: water! What the hell are you doing?
dialog: Training?
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: Yes.
text: An uneasiness sweeps over ENZO'S face and quickly
dialog: disappears.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: That's good.
dialog: (smiling again)
dialog: You never would have recognized me,
dialog: huh? Check out the suit! Looking
dialog: good, no? You know I'm the world
dialog: champion?
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: Yes, I know.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: I dove 315 feet!
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: Great!
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: They say I'm like Lazarus. You
dialog: know, the guy who was raised from
dialog: the dead?!
text: He laughs. JACQUES smiles. ENZO goes on.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (serious)
dialog: Doesn't it surprise you that I just
dialog: show up like this... Listen, the
dialog: world championship starts in ten
dialog: days in Taormina. Be my guest.
text: ENZO puts down an airplane ticket on the side of the pool.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Your ticket.
text: Surprised, JACQUES looks over at the ticket.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Because I'm sure you're dying to
dialog: beat me.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: I don't want to be in any
dialog: competition... I dive because I like
dialog: to, not to beat a record... don't
dialog: you have to be very mad at somebody
dialog: to want to beat him?
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: No. All you need is to want to be
dialog: the best.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: You're the best, Enzo!
speaker_heading: ENZO
text: (with a tense grin
dialog: on his face)
dialog: That's too easy! Every time I beat
dialog: a record there's always some
dialog: dumbshit asking me: "D'you know
dialog: that French guy, Mayol? He's
dialog: supposed to be very good! Too bad
dialog: he doesn't compete." So, you're
dialog: going to come with me to Taormina!
dialog: First, because you're my friend and
dialog: second, because you don't have one
dialog: reason to keep on spoiling my
dialog: pleasure.
dialog: (he pushes the
dialog: airplane ticket to
dialog: Jacques)
dialog: ... I'll see you there...
scene_heading: EXT. OFFICE BUILDING - NEW YORK - DAY
scene_heading: INT. DUFFY'S OFFICE - DUFFY - JOHANA
text: She is seated across the desk from him. He's reading
text: through her report. Behind him, outside the large plate
text: glass window, window-washers are seated on a scaffold
text: suspended far above the city. They eat lunch.
text: JOHANA'S eyes wander (bored) around the office as DUFFY
text: reads. He looks up.
speaker_heading: DUFFY
dialog: (indicating report)
dialog: This is good work... unfortunately
dialog: it's incomplete.
text: (he glances at the
dialog: window)
dialog: Could you eat a sandwich 40 floors
text: above the street.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: (absently)
dialog: What kind?
speaker_heading: DUFFY
dialog: Johana, am I boring you?
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: Sorry. Of course not, definitely
dialog: not... well, maybe a little. What
dialog: did you say?
speaker_heading: DUFFY
dialog: I said that the file is incomplete.
dialog: See if you can get through to this
dialog: Lawrence character and have him send
dialog: the Peruvian registration for his
dialog: missing truck... and don't let him
dialog: tell you it was in the glove
dialog: compartment.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: Right Chief!
text: She starts out of the office.
speaker_heading: DUFFY
dialog: (to her back)
dialog: Did the driver really freeze?
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: Like a popsicle. They're keeping
text: him on a stick until spring.
speaker_heading: DUFFY
dialog: My God! I'm glad I didn't go.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: (under her breath,
dialog: leaving)
dialog: ... So am I.
scene_heading: INT. QUONSET HUT - PERU - DAY
text: Doctor LAWRENCE covers one ear with his hand as he yells
text: into the phone.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: ... I said, all the truck papers are
dialog: in the glove compartment!
scene_heading: INT. JOHANA'S OFFICE - MANHATTAN
text: JOHANA sits at her desk, she too is yelling into the
text: telephone. Her colleague looks over at her and smiles.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: (with a sigh)
dialog: Okay, listen, just get the custom's
dialog: office to send me a copy as fast as
dialog: possible. We can't send you new
dialog: equipment until our file is
dialog: complete. Okay?
scene_heading: INT. QUONSET HUT - PERU - DAY
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Okay, okay. You'll have it by the
dialog: end of the week, how's that?
speaker_heading: JOHANA (V.O.)
dialog: You've made me a happy insurance
dialog: person.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Then, goodbye.
text: He is just about to hang up.
scene_heading: INT. JOHANA'S OFFICE - MANHATTAN
text: JOHANA jumps up.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: Wait! Professor...?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE (V.O.)
dialog: ... Yes?
text: JOHANA starts snooping around the papers on her desk,
text: embarrassed by the presence of her colleague.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: (as softly as
dialog: possible)
dialog: You don't know how I could reach
dialog: that diver of yours... Mayol... We
dialog: need some additional information...
dialog: I mean, we have a few questions to
dialog: ask him.
scene_heading: INT. QUONSET HUT - PERU - DAY
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: The last thing I heard, he was off
dialog: to Taormina for the world diving
dialog: championships. That's Taormina, in
dialog: Sicily!
scene_heading: INT. DUFFY'S OFFICE - DAY
text: JOHANA dashes in without knocking.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: Listen, I just found out we've got
dialog: real problems in Sicily!
speaker_heading: DUFFY
dialog: (alarmed)
dialog: What d'you mean?
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: (improvising)
dialog: The mafia! La Cosa Nostra!
dialog: Coppola! De Niro...! I knew it! I
dialog: knew we shouldn't have written that
dialog: policy!!
speaker_heading: DUFFY
dialog: (pale)
dialog: What's happened??
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: The documents are forged.
speaker_heading: DUFFY
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: Yes! The notary is a phony. He has
dialog: the same signature as the
dialog: contractor!
speaker_heading: DUFFY
dialog: (outraged)
dialog: It can't be true!
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: (fast talking)
dialog: We have to send somebody over there
dialog: immediately! If we prove the
dialog: forgery we can cancel the policy.
dialog: We'll be off the hook. There's a
dialog: flight to Rome in two hours and from
dialog: there its just a short hop to
dialog: Sicily.
speaker_heading: DUFFY
dialog: (reaching for phone)
dialog: I'll send Cardoza, he'll be able
dialog: to...
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: I tried him, he can't go. His son
dialog: is being Bar Mitzvohed tomorrow...
dialog: I'll go, boss.
speaker_heading: DUFFY
dialog: I thought it was Spanish that you
dialog: spoke?
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: Italian is practically the same
dialog: thing.
scene_heading: EXT. PORT OF MESSINE - DAY
text: A ferry comes into the dock, as a plank is slowly lowered.
text: As it descends, four rail cars lie in wait in its belly.
text: JOHANA comes off the boat, carrying her suitcase, she
text: wears a light summer dress. She looks around, seeming a
dialog: little lost.
text: A white FIAT taxi screeches to a halt beside her. JOHANA
text: jumps. The driver whose arm loosely dangles from the car
text: window, grins at her.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: ... Taxi?
scene_heading: EXT. SAN DOMENICO - DAY
text: The white FIAT taxi pulls up in front of the SAN DOMENICO
text: hotel, but it is JACQUES who gets out of it. The driver
text: helps him with his bags.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: (checking the books)
dialog: Mayol... Mayol... No reservation.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: (uncomfortable)
dialog: ... Are you sure?
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: Positive, Sir.
text: JACQUES looks down at the piece of paper stapled to his
dialog: ticket.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: This is the hotel San Domenico?
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: Yes Sir, and it has been so for 127
dialog: years.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: (more and more
dialog: uncomfortable)
dialog: Yes, but... So, you haven't got a
dialog: room left?
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: No Sir, the hotel is full because of
dialog: the Diving championship.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: Ah?!
text: The Receptionist starts working on his papers again.
text: JACQUES, completely lost, stares blankly at the hotel
text: clerk, wondering what to do next.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL - DAY
text: The tiny FIAT clatters onto the sidewalk in front of the
text: hotel narrowly avoiding the Countess' limo. Parks its
text: frontwheels on the sidewalk, rear end in the road.
text: ENZO, followed by ROBERTO, get out of his car, like a king
text: descending from his carriage. On the way, he stops and
text: kisses a distinguished elderly woman's hand? The hotel's
speaker_heading: CONTESSA.
text: ENZO tosses his keys to a doorman who stepped up to
dialog: complain.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (to doorman)
dialog: Be careful with that car, it's a new
dialog: paint job.
text: ENZO enters the hotel and sees JACQUES.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (yelling across the
dialog: lobby)
dialog: Giacomino! My friend! My brother!
text: ENZO and JACQUES. The two men kiss each other on both
text: cheeks, pound each others back. They are both moved.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (looking at him)
dialog: So you finally decided to join us?
dialog: You did the right thing!
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (to the desk clerk)
dialog: Hey Paolo! Come stai? Get my key!
dialog: (to Jacques,
dialog: gesturing over his
dialog: shoulder)
dialog: You remember my little brother
dialog: Roberto?
text: Roberto (26) nods to JACQUES who shakes his hand.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: I remember. Hi Roberto!
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: What room have you got?
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: I don't have one.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: You don't have a room?
text: (at the top of his
dialog: lungs)
dialog: Paolo? What did I just hear? I
dialog: personally called you to reserve a
dialog: room for my good friend Jacques
dialog: Mayol and you treat him like a
dialog: stranger?!
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: (embarrassed)
dialog: It's okay, Enzo. I'll go somewhere
dialog: else.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Not only is Jacques Mayol a very
dialog: special friend, but he happens to be
dialog: one of the best divers in the world!
dialog: And you're throwing him out! Are
dialog: you crazy, or what? Stupido!
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: (really embarrassed
dialog: now)
dialog: Enzo drop it, I'll find something.
text: ENZO looks at him for a moment and gives him a warm smile.
text: He hands him his own keys.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Take mine. I'll take the Countess'
dialog: suite. She told me she was leaving
dialog: for the cemetery... She'll be more
dialog: comfortable there.
text: PAOLO half-heartedly, hands him the key. ENZO glances at
text: JACQUES to make sure he's properly impressed. He throws
text: his arm around JACQUES' shoulder, hugs him and gives him a
dialog: real smile.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (sincerely)
dialog: I'm glad you're here.
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL TERRACE TAORMINA - JACQUES - ENZO - DAY
text: They're at a table on a terrace that overlooks the sea.
text: They've just arrived and all around them people are
text: lunching away furiously.
text: ENZO beckons to a passing WAITER who comes to the table.
text: He's a very handsome, slightly effeminate young man.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (to waiter)
dialog: "Spaghetti del mare"
dialog: (to Jacques)
dialog: It's delicious here. It's the one
dialog: thing they really know how to make.
speaker_heading: WAITER
dialog: Del mare for two?
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: (nodding quickly)
dialog: Yes, sure, for two.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: And a bottle of "Frascatti". Two
dialog: bottles!
speaker_heading: WAITER
dialog: Si Signore, grazie mille.
text: The waiter hurries away. ENZO watches his departure, then
dialog: thoughtfully.
speaker_heading: ENZO
text: He moves just like a woman.
dialog: (then, as if he were
dialog: speaking to Jacques)
dialog: It must be hard to live in two
dialog: worlds like that, huh? To breathe
dialog: in one, swim in the other...
text: JACQUES nods without really knowing.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (suddenly louder)
dialog: Anyway! Nothing beats a sexy broad!
dialog: Huh, Jacques!
text: ENZO starts laughing. JACQUES would like to crawl under
dialog: the table.
scene_heading: TIME DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL TERRACE TAORMINA - JACQUES - ENZO - LATER
text: Their lunch is on the table, half eaten.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: ... So, after all these years, you
dialog: must have lots of questions to ask.
dialog: Am I right?
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: Yes, of course. Lots of questions.
text: JACQUES is satisfied with his answer. He thinks that the
text: subject is closed. They eat silently for a moment. ENZO
text: watches him. Then:
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Well, what are they?
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: (giving up)
dialog: I'm sorry... I don't know how to ask
dialog: the questions.
text: ENZO bursts out laughing.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Well, then. I'll do the asking for
dialog: you. "Tell me dear Enzo, how did
dialog: you become World Champion?" Oh,
dialog: that's a long story.
dialog: (his voice changes)
dialog: Well, after you left Amorgos, I went
dialog: back to Italy and joined the Navy.
dialog: So you now have in front of you --
dialog: Captain Molinari, who's been on
dialog: leave of absence for the past 14
dialog: years...
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: That's good.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: How do you make a living? Your
dialog: experiments, does it pay well?
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: It's okay.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: ... You married?
text: JACQUES doesn't seem to have ever thought about marriage.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Me neither, 'cause of my Mother.
dialog: She's a curse, my Mamma, a tornado.
dialog: Stubborn as a mule! I was
dialog: engaged... for a week. After that,
dialog: Mamma was so mad, I tell you, pasta
text: was bouncing off the walls.
text: JACQUES smiles.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: So, not married. Well, good for
dialog: you. You play the field, like me.
dialog: A girl in every port, huh?
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: (bluffing)
dialog: Exactly, I mean, after all, we're
dialog: men!
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (slapping the table
dialog: top)
dialog: Damn right! That's what I tell them
dialog: when people say you've turned into a
dialog: fish.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: (concerned)
dialog: People say that?
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (sorry he went too
dialog: far)
dialog: Forget it. I was joking.
scene_heading: EXT. ENTRANCE TO TERRACE - ON JOHANA
text: JOHANA comes out of the stone tunnel which leads to the
text: terrace. She looks over the crowd, trying to find
dialog: someone.
text: JACQUES is sitting with his back to her. She finally
text: spots him and walks over to the table.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Eh! La Madonna! This one is for
dialog: me. I'll bet you my watch that
dialog: she's in my bed tonight.
text: JACQUES turns around and recognizes her. JOHANA smiles
text: and walks up to the table. ENZO takes his watch off and
text: puts it on the table.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: I tell you she's mine!
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: (to Jacques)
dialog: Hello!
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: You know each other?
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Enzo Molinari.
text: ENZO kisses her hand and brushes his watch off the table
dialog: in the same movement.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: This is a great pleasure.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: (laughing at the
dialog: protocol)
dialog: Johana Cross, pleased to meet you.
dialog: (then to Jacques,
dialog: faking surprise)
dialog: Well! Isn't this a coincidence. I
dialog: really wasn't expecting this... All
dialog: the way out here. It's incredible!
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: Please, have a seat.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: Thank you. I wouldn't want to
dialog: interrupt anything.
text: JOHANA sits down.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: No, no!
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Not at all!
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: You're staying at the hotel?
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: I wish, but it's full. They
dialog: recommended a pension in town. They
dialog: say that all of Taormina is full.
dialog: What's going on here?
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: It's the Free Diving World
dialog: Championship. I am by the way world
dialog: champion!
text: JOHANA has turned toward JACQUES, paying no attention to
text: ENZO. JACQUES can't stop looking at JOHANA.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: But what brought you to Sicily?
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: I was doing an insurance
dialog: investigation in Palermo.
dialog: (to Enzo)
dialog: I work for an insurance company.
dialog: (back to Jacques)
dialog: So, I decided to take a few days
dialog: off.
dialog: (uncomfortable)
dialog: I don't know this island at all. It
dialog: really is gorgeous.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: There is no place in the world more
dialog: beautiful than Sicily!
text: The waiter passes behind them. ENZO reaches out, grabs
text: him by the arm, pulls him to the table.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (to waiter)
dialog: A spaghetti del mare for the super
dialog: dedicated traveling insurance
dialog: agent.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: I think I'll have a coffee.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: No, no. You'll like it. It's
dialog: superb.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: ... Okay. I'll try.
text: ENZO pours the wine.
text: JOHANA shrugs fatalistically. The waiter leaves.
text: JACQUES, intrigued, stares at JOHANA. She pretends not to
dialog: notice.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (impatient)
dialog: Where did you two meet?
speaker_heading: JOHANA
text: In a lake.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: I might have known.
dialog: (to Johana)
dialog: As I was telling you earlier, I'm
dialog: the world champion free diver.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: Congratulations.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Some people say it's the most virile
dialog: sport in the world. One has to
dialog: admit that when you see those men
text: diving head first in that deep blue
dialog: sea, all muscles contracted in one
dialog: super human effort...
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Enzo?
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (annoyed)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: Your mother?
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Ahi, ahi, cazzo! Ma mamia!
dialog: Where...? God, she'll kill me...
dialog: (pushing the plate
dialog: in front of Johana)
dialog: ... if she catches me eating pasta
text: in a restaurant.
text: He quickly brushes off the crumbs in front of him.
scene_heading: ON ENZO'S MOTHER
text: heading toward them. She's a huge woman in widow's black.
text: She shoulders her way through the tables.
text: ROBERTO carrying her suitcases follows at her heels.
text: ENZO jumps to his feet. Throws his arms around her.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: ... Mamma!
speaker_heading: MAMMA MOLINARI
dialog: (expressionless)
dialog: You expect me to carry all the
dialog: luggage myself?
speaker_heading: ENZO
text: Mamma. Roberto and an elevator...
dialog: Isn't that enough?
text: A beat. Signora MOLINARI inspects the plates on the
dialog: table.
speaker_heading: MAMMA MOLINARI
dialog: (suspiciously)
dialog: What have you been eating?
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Coffee only, I'm diving tomorrow.
dialog: You remember little Jacques, Jacques
dialog: Mayol...
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: (timidly)
dialog: Madame...
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: ... And his friend, Johana...
text: Signora MOLINARI nods grudgingly.
speaker_heading: WAITER
dialog: (arriving proudly)
dialog: Spaghetti del mare!
text: Dead silence.
text: ENZO is the only one with no plate in front of him.
text: Signora MOLINARI'S eyebrows condense into a dark stripe
text: across her forehead.
text: JOHANA hands ENZO'S plate to the WAITER and takes the full
dialog: one.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: (to waiter)
dialog: Thank you.
text: And begins to eat, ignoring the expressions of amazement
text: all around her.
speaker_heading: MAMMA MOLINARI
dialog: Americana?
text: JOHANA nods enthusiastically, her mouth too full to speak.
speaker_heading: MAMMA MOLINARI
dialog: (impressed, to
dialog: Johana)
dialog: Benvenuto!
text: MAMMA MOLINARI has a huge grin on her face.
scene_heading: EXT. TAORMINA STREET - JACQUES, JOHANA - TWILIGHT
text: They emerge onto the street in front of the entrance of a
text: small rooming house.
text: JACQUES is carrying JOHANA'S luggage. The old pension is
text: covered in bright pink bougainvilliers, there is laundry
text: hanging on the other side of the street.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: Thanks for helping with the bag.
text: (she looks up at the
dialog: pension with little
dialog: enthusiasm)
dialog: It looks great!
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: I thought it was a nice place.
dialog: (suddenly doubting)
dialog: Isn't it?
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: I'm being a pain in the ass.
dialog: (looking at him)
dialog: It's beautiful here.
text: They look at each other. JACQUES is silent. He just
text: stands there, a suitcase in each hand.
text: JOHANA breaks the silence.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: You're going to be very busy these
dialog: days aren't you?
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: I don't know... why?
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: Just because... I would have liked
dialog: to visit the town... See the
dialog: coast... I don't know anybody...
dialog: Expect for you.
dialog: (feeling she has
dialog: gone too far)
dialog: But you are going to be very busy.
dialog: You must have tons of things to
dialog: prepare, interviews... And a
dialog: competition like this one must
dialog: require a great deal of
dialog: concentration, right?
speaker_heading: JACQUES
text: (shakes his head
dialog: negatively)
dialog: Yes... Maybe... I don't know. I
dialog: don't like competitions... It ruins
dialog: the fun. Don't you think?
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: (with a faint smile)
dialog: I guess... But you know... I'm
dialog: American and I've mostly been taught
dialog: to be competitive... There's always
dialog: pleasure of being the best?
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: Maybe on earth there is one... but
dialog: not when you dive... You see, to
dialog: dive deep into the sea, for no
dialog: reason... just to do it. It's a
dialog: feeling... I don't know how to say
dialog: this... Voluptuous?
text: He looks up at her as he pronounces the last word. She
text: smiles at him, lovingly.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: You can put down the suitcases, you
dialog: know.
text: He lets go of the suitcases. Suddenly, behind them, there
text: is a loud screech of tires. The FIAT tears across the
dialog: street.
text: ENZO in his FIAT. He pokes his head out of the window.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: C'mon, you two... Jacques, we have
dialog: to get ready for the ceremony
dialog: tonight. We have a new world
dialog: champion.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: I'm a little tired, I don't know
dialog: if...
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Get in the car!
scene_heading: INT. ENZO'S SUITE - ENZO, JACQUES, ROBERTO - NIGHT
text: They're in front of a wardrobe looking JACQUES over in the
text: full-length mirrors. He's wearing an evening shirt and a
text: tuxedo of ENZO'S. The collar is too big, the sleeves
text: hangover his hands. He looks at himself dubiously in the
dialog: mirror.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Roberto! The bow-tie!
text: ROBERTO hands ENZO the bow-tie, he hooks it around
text: JACQUES' collar.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (taking a few steps
dialog: back)
dialog: Very good.
text: JACQUES looks down at his tennis shoes.
speaker_heading: ROBERTO
dialog: What about the shoes?
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Very chic.
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: Anyway, you don't have anything
dialog: else, do you?
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Then, it's very chic. Avanti!
scene_heading: EXT. RECEPTION ON TERRACE - NIGHT
text: A big reception is organized on the terrace of the hotel.
text: The official divers and technicians are all gathered in
text: front of a podium. The terrace is loaded with
dialog: photographers.
text: ROBERTO keeps turning round and round the long buffet
dialog: table.
text: JACQUES is alone at the bar. Incongruous detail: a
text: whiskey bottle on the table beside him.
text: JOHANA enters. She has also had a few drinks.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: I thought you'd be at the dinner.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: It's too loud for me.
text: He tugs at his over-sized tuxedo.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: You look adorable.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: Thank you...
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: ... Especially the sneakers.
text: JACQUES looks down at his feet, doesn't know what to make
text: of her comment. JOHANA sits down beside him and pours
text: herself a drink. They touch glasses.
scene_heading: EXT. ON PODIUM - NIGHT
text: On the podium, NOVELLI, the organizer of the championship,
text: stands in his tuxedo, talking into a microphone. An older
text: man in a worn out suit, stands next to him.
speaker_heading: NOVELLI
dialog: Ladies and Gentlemen, your
dialog: attention, please. Mr. Andre
dialog: Bonnet, President of the
dialog: International Diving Championship
dialog: Committee, is going to present this
dialog: trophy to the new world champion of
dialog: free diving. This afternoon, our
dialog: new champion descended to the
text: remarkable depth of 280 feet.
text: The audience applauds.
speaker_heading: NOVELLI
dialog: This young man Tia...
text: NOVELLI can't quite read his notes.
speaker_heading: NOVELLI
dialog: Tiraro... Tirao-re... Moa...
text: ANDRE BONNET takes his turn to read the note. A young
text: Tahitian jumps up, heads for the podium.
speaker_heading: TAHITIAN
dialog: Tiraero Moameora.
text: NOVELLI hesitates to repeat the name.
speaker_heading: NOVELLI
dialog: ... Let's all give him a big hand.
text: The audience cheers and applauds the new champion. ENZO
text: sits at a table, watching the ceremony.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (very sarcastic)
dialog: A one day hero!
text: He gets up and walks out of the room.
scene_heading: INT. BAR - NIGHT
text: JACQUES and JOHANA are sitting at the bar. The whiskeys
text: have gone to their heads. ENZO walks over to them.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: A new world record! That's great!
dialog: It gives me something to beat
dialog: tomorrow!
dialog: (to Johana)
dialog: You ever been to Tahiti?
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: I'll take you there. We'll live in
dialog: the sun. You'll cook fresh fish and
dialog: we'll make love under the coconut
dialog: trees.
text: JOHANA smiles and shakes her head.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: You forgot the Hula!
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Yes, of course, I'll do the Hula!
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: You'll be lovely, but no thanks.
dialog: (to Jacques)
dialog: Jacques, would you do a native dance
dialog: for me?
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: I don't know how... Excuse me.
text: JACQUES leaves the bar. JOHANA watches him go. ENZO
text: notices her way of watching him. He's a little jealous.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: He looks strange, doesn't he? Like
text: a baby that just learned to walk.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: Have you known him long?
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Forever. We used to live on the
dialog: same island in Greece, when we were
dialog: kids.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: What was he like, when he was little?
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Little. Very little. And skinny,
dialog: very skinny too. That is compared
dialog: to me.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: (amused)
dialog: I get it, Enzo you were a superior
dialog: child.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Exactly! What is it Johana? You're
dialog: so crazy about him, you don't see
dialog: the truth?!
text: She doesn't answer.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Forget it, don't think of Jacques as
text: a human being. He's from another
dialog: world.
text: She smiles.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: And just where are you from?
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Italy!
scene_heading: EXT. TERRACE OF THE HOTEL - NIGHT
text: ENZO sits at the grand piano in the corner of the terrace.
dialog: Beethoven was always a favorite of his.
text: JACQUES, very tipsy by now walks over, a glass in each
text: hand. He hands ENZO a glass, then takes off his tennis
text: shoes and sits them neatly on the piano.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: There is nothing like music. It
dialog: speaks from the heart. Can you tell
dialog: me why we bother diving in the dark,
dialog: the cold, without ever taking the
dialog: time to breathe? Huh? Can you tell
dialog: me why we do it?
text: JACQUES nods.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: ... For the mermaids.
text: ENZO smiles, moved.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: My father used to see them
dialog: everywhere too... but the only one
dialog: he ever caught was my mother...
dialog: Actually she caught him.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: Today at lunch, you asked me if I
dialog: had any questions.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Ah ha. You finally want to know
dialog: about women.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: Why? Are they what's most
dialog: important?
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: No... It depends... Sometimes they
dialog: are... What, exactly do you want to
dialog: know?
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: ... Everything.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Everything about what?
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: (thinking)
dialog: Well... about everything.
text: ENZO grins at JACQUES and starts playing again.
scene_heading: TIME DISSOLVE TO LATER:
speaker_heading: JACQUES AND ENZO
text: There are now several empty champagne bottles around.
text: They are both quite drunk. ENZO is philosophizing.
text: JOHANA is looking for them.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: ... So, between Mamma, Roberto and
text: the sisters, we yell and scream all
text: day long. Except with Angelica.
text: She just cries. And then finally,
dialog: we all end up kissing. Can you
dialog: explain that to me?
text: JACQUES can't answer.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Because that's what love is all
dialog: about. It's a pain in the ass but
dialog: keeps us together.
dialog: (then, in a half
dialog: dreaming, half
dialog: desperate tone)
dialog: A large and beautiful family!
text: JOHANA walks over to them.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: (suddenly)
dialog: Enzo... We must quit the
dialog: competition.
text: ENZO hits a wrong note on the piano.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (worried)
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: If we don't... I'm going to beat
dialog: you.
text: JOHANA stands next to JACQUES.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (with a nervous
dialog: laugh)
dialog: Huh? Well listen to him!
dialog: (to Johana)
dialog: Do you hear that?
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: ENZO
text: He looks me in the eye like some
dialog: fuckin' gold fish, and says: "I'm
dialog: going to beat you".
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: (with a smile)
dialog: ... That's what he's here for, isn't
dialog: he?
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Listen to her! "That's what he's
dialog: here for"! He's here to loose,
dialog: that's what he's here for. First of
dialog: all, I'm unbeatable. Second, how
dialog: old are you?
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: Two years younger than you.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: As I said, second of all you're too
dialog: skinny. You've got tiny lungs. I
dialog: still don't understand how you can
dialog: dive without getting sick.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: The size of the lungs has nothing to
dialog: do with it!
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Look at me. These aren't lungs.
dialog: These are... Tanks. How long can
dialog: you hold your breath?
text: ENZO is getting really angry. The drinks have a lot to do
dialog: with it.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: (impatiently)
dialog: I don't know. Longer than you.
text: ENZO pulls open his collar and rises.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: We'll see.
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL - SWIMMING POOL - UNDERWATER - NIGHT
text: JACQUES and ENZO dive into the pool in their Tuxedos.
text: Each one carries a beach umbrella in a concrete base to
dialog: help them stay at the bottom.
text: ENZO takes two goblets out of his pocket, hands them to
text: JACQUES. Takes a bottle of Champagne out of the other
text: pocket and opens it. The cork floats out of the bottle.
text: Above on the surface of the pool there's a splash. JOHANA
text: finds a mask on the side of the pool and watches them.
text: Her dress is soaked by now.
text: ENZO pours champagne. Courteous and grave, they clink
text: glasses and begin to drink. They have already been
dialog: underwater longer than a minute. They can't really drink
text: out of the glasses and ENZO offers JACQUES the bottle.
text: JACQUES studies the label like a connoisseur. He drinks,
text: passes the bottle back to ENZO.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL CORRIDOR - NIGHT
text: Paramedics roll two stretchers toward the elevators at
text: full speed. ENZO on one, JACQUES on the other. Both men
dialog: keep throwing up water.
scene_heading: INT. JACQUES'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: The paramedics roll the stretcher toward the bed.
text: JOHANA very worried, follows them.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: Take it easy...
speaker_heading: PARAMEDIC
dialog: Don't worry, he's empty now. He
dialog: needs sleep, that's all.
text: The two men leave the room.
text: JOHANA walks over to the chair and rearranges JACQUES'
text: shirt and jacket which the paramedic had thrown down.
text: JACQUES looks like he's just had a very rough night. He
text: sits up and grabs the sides of the bed, as if he were on a
text: moving boat.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: Who won?
text: JOHANA turns around, furious.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: Won what? The Ass Hole Award?
dialog: Well, let me tell you, it's a tie!
text: She walks over to the bed.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: Acting like a pair of two year olds!
dialog: You could have died in that damn
dialog: pool!
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: Please move slowly, you're rocking
dialog: the boat.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Lucky I was there to save you.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: (seeing her wet
dialog: dress)
dialog: You jumped in?
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: Only to help the medics, I assure
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: My wallet.
text: JOHANA wet, walks over to the wet clothes on the chair.
text: She pulls out JACQUES soaking wallet from one of the
text: jacket pockets.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: It's still here.
text: She tries to wipe it.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: No. I want to show you. Is it
dialog: ruined?
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: Well, water isn't exactly the best
dialog: thing for pictures... Not even for
dialog: pictures of dolphins...
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: Give it to me.
text: JOHANA hands him the photograph. He stares at it, looking
text: very sad. Worried JOHANA sits down next to him.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: (on the verge of
dialog: tears)
dialog: My real family...
text: (he looks at the
dialog: picture and cries)
dialog: What kind of man has such a family?
text: She takes the picture out of his hands.
text: He is so upset that JOHANA can hardly help from crying
text: with him. She sits next to him and strokes his hair.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: I'm sick of never feeling at home
dialog: anywhere.
text: JOHANA takes him in her arms. He breaks down.
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL - DAWN
text: The early morning sun slowly lights up the water. A yacht
text: has left the hotel dock. It is moving out to sea off the
text: coast of TAORMINA.
scene_heading: EXT. YACHT - ON DECK
dialog: This is the Committee Boat for the diving competition.
text: On the boat, ROBERTO is worried. He checks his watch and
text: finally decides to wake up his brother. ENZO is asleep in
text: the fore peak, curled up on a coil of line, snoring away.
text: He wears his tuxedo jacket over a skimpy bathing suit.
speaker_heading: ROBERTO
dialog: Enzo, wake up!
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (pulled from his
dialog: dream)
dialog: Eh? Si! Avanti!
text: He gets up on one arm.
speaker_heading: ROBERTO
text: The medics are looking all over for
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (irritated)
dialog: I'm meditating, can't you see?
dialog: Jacques does two hours of yoga
dialog: before going down. I can take a
dialog: five minute nap, can't I?
text: The boat stops. The anchor is thrown over board.
text: The sailors, technicians and officials are getting ready
text: for the competition. Today is ENZO'S turn to dive. A man
text: is hooking a plaque indicating the depth (324 feet) onto a
text: lead disk which he heaves into the water on a cable.
scene_heading: INT. YACHT - DOCTOR'S CABIN - DAY
text: A medic is bending over ENZO, taking his blood pressure.
text: ROBERTO pulls the tuxedo jacket down. The doctor puts a
text: blood pressure band around ENZO'S upper arm, pumps it up.
text: He listens with his stethoscope.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Mr. Molinari, I'm terribly sorry but
dialog: I cannot allow you to dive in such
text: an advanced state of exhaustion.
text: ENZO jumps to his feet, grabs the doctor by his lapels,
text: lifts him in the air.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (outraged)
dialog: What do you know about the sea?
dialog: Huh? Nothing! So you just put your
text: tubes and tin cans away. The sea is
dialog: mine! I know when she is ready for
dialog: me and when she isn't. And today,
dialog: she is ready. Understand?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: You dive at your own risk. You're
dialog: been warned.
text: ENZO smiles and pats the doctor on the shoulder.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Brave.
scene_heading: EXT. YACHT - ON DIVING PLATFORM
text: It's a large float, rigged to the stern of the Committee
text: Boat. ROBERTO and an assistant help ENZO down the swim
text: ladder to the platform. He's wearing a wet suit and fins.
text: He flip-flops to the end of the platform.
text: ROBERTO hands him his mask. The goggles are filled with
dialog: polystyrene to eliminate as much air pressure as possible.
text: Only two pinholes to see through. The mask fits tightly
text: over his nose. When ENZO puts it on, he looks like an
text: astonished insect. ENZO breathes faster and faster.
text: ROBERTO holds the wire controlling the weighted diving
text: apparatus. ENZO crosses himself, takes a last long gulp
dialog: of air.
text: ROBERTO releases the weight. It sinks and drags ENZO
text: down, he quickly disappears into the dark water...
scene_heading: BLACK AND WHITE
text: But this is JACQUES as he was a child. He swims along the
text: bottom, finds and picks up a gold coin. We can see its
text: ancient markings, a youth on a dolphin.
text: JACQUES looks up. In front of him is a dolphin, floating
text: vertically, still, apparently just watching. JACQUES
text: isn't scared anymore. But every time he swims toward the
text: dolphin, it moves further away. It finally disappears.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - JACQUES - DAY
text: He sits bolt upright in bed, awakened by his dream. He
text: looks around the room, trying to get his bearings.
text: JOHANA is asleep in a chair across the room. On the wall
text: behind her, her last nights dress is drying on a hanger.
text: She's wrapped up in a hotel bathrobe fast asleep.
text: JACQUES finally awake from his dream, sees JOHANA
text: sleeping. He walks over to her, touches her shoulder.
text: She wakes up, starts out of the chair. She grabs the
text: blanket to cover herself, and in doing so, a book falls on
text: the floor. It's one of his.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: You scared me!
text: JACQUES picks up the book. JOHANA smiles.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: Just checking up on your family.
dialog: (then embarrassed)
dialog: I guess I was drunker than I thought
dialog: and the idea of going back to my
dialog: hotel in a wet dress... Well...
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: I'm glad you stayed. Thank you.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: (getting up)
dialog: I'd better get back now.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: You... You wouldn't want to spend
dialog: the day with me?
text: She sits back in her chair, amazed that he would even ask.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: (self conscious)
dialog: ... No?
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: No? Huh?
dialog: (she says "No" as if
dialog: she had asked the
dialog: question)
dialog: Yes, of course!!
scene_heading: EXT. MARINELAND - TAORMINA - DAY
text: JACQUES and JOHANA enter the dolphinarium. JOHANA is
text: wearing an old pair of JACQUES SHORTS along with an
text: oversized T-shirt and rolled up sweater. She seems quite
text: pleased with her new attire.
text: JACQUES and JOHANA walk straight through MARINELAND and
text: head toward the dolphin pool. It's pretty crowded, mostly
dialog: kids.
text: The dolphins are lying motionless at the bottom of the
text: pool. The trainer is tired of throwing fish in the pool
text: and getting absolutely no reaction.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: What's the matter?
speaker_heading: TRAINER
dialog: I don't understand. We've tried for
dialog: two days. They won't eat. They
dialog: won't perform. It's since we got
dialog: the new one.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON DOLPHIN
text: surfacing. It thrusts its head over the edge of the pool,
text: looks to JACQUES and SPEAKS.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: Is she the new one?
text: Surprised, the trainer nods.
text: JOHANA looks over at JACQUES then at the dolphin. She
dialog: doesn't understand.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: How can you tell it's a female?
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: ... The way she moves.
text: Three other dolphins gather around the one that JACQUES is
text: patting.
text: JACQUES is staring at the female dolphin. It looks like
text: the animal is trying to tell him something. Suddenly the
text: dolphin grabs him by the sleeve and pulls him into the
dialog: pool.
scene_heading: UNDERWATER - DOLPHIN POOL
text: JACQUES hangs onto the dolphin's muzzle. Let's it pull
text: him along. The dolphin swims to a far corner of the pool,
text: and pulls JACQUES to the bottom. The other dolphins
text: circle above.
scene_heading: EXT. DOLPHIN POOL - DAY
text: JACQUES pops up. As he does, three dolphins leap in the
text: air behind him. JOHANA walks closer to the pool. She is
text: so excited by what JACQUES is doing, she finally falls
text: into the pool.
text: After a while, JACQUES gets out of the pool and helps
speaker_heading: JOHANA out.
speaker_heading: TRAINER
dialog: Did you ever think of trying the
dialog: public pool?
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: He's a dolphin specialist.
speaker_heading: TRAINER
dialog: In that case what's wrong with the
dialog: new one? Is she sick or not.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: (taking his time to
dialog: answer)
dialog: Not the way you mean.
speaker_heading: TRAINER
dialog: What am I supposed to do? Do I call
dialog: the dealer...? The investment, you
dialog: understand... I certainly am
dialog: entitled to complain!
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: It's going to cost you more than you
dialog: think!
text: JACQUES turns around and walks off. JOHANA catches up
dialog: with him.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: She's not like the others. She
dialog: can't stand to be away from the sea.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: (impressed)
dialog: How do you know that?
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: (stopping)
dialog: I don't know, I just feel it.
scene_heading: INT. HALL - HOTEL - DAY
text: JACQUES and JOHANA are walking across the corridor.
text: ENZO walks up to them, followed by his tribe. Everybody
text: is congratulating him.
text: ROBERTO is screaming, MAMMA MOLINARI is crying. ENZO
text: smiles as he talks back to them. He sees JACQUES.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: Ah! Jacques!
text: ENZO grabs hold of his shoulders. JACQUES and JOHANA are
text: completely soaked.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Don't be sad, I only took back what
dialog: was mine.
text: He gives JACQUES the diving plaque, it reads 280 feet.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Here, it's a present.
text: JOHANA and JACQUES smile at each other. JACQUES has won
dialog: his bet.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: (touched)
dialog: ... Thank you.
text: ENZO slaps him on the shoulder.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (to Johana)
dialog: Tonight we're having a little party
dialog: among ourselves. 8 o'clock in my
dialog: suite?
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: Okay.
text: ENZO walks off then turns back toward them. He whispers
text: in JACQUES' ear.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Tell me... Can you explain why you
dialog: are soaking wet?
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: ... We're in training.
text: ENZO walks off.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL CORRIDOR - NIGHT
text: Three formally dressed officials are waiting in front of
text: one of the hotel rooms. One of them holds a medal in his
text: hand, a glass of champagne in the other.
speaker_heading: NOVELLI
dialog: (through the door)
dialog: Mr. Roberto, tell your brother to be
text: reasonable. Everyone is waiting for
text: him upstairs. The photographers are
dialog: there, the press...
speaker_heading: ROBERTO (O.S.)
text: He can't, he's indisposed.
speaker_heading: NOVELLI
dialog: (trying to keep his
dialog: calm)
dialog: Shall we call a doctor?
speaker_heading: ROBERTO
dialog: No, it's okay. Mamma is going to
dialog: try something.
text: JACQUES and JOHANA walk up from the other side of the hall
text: and stop in front of the same door.
speaker_heading: NOVELLI
dialog: Mr. Mayol, help us. He refuses to
dialog: receive his medal and everybody is
dialog: waiting for him up there. We
dialog: already have problems with the press
dialog: because of the danger, and if we
dialog: don't even have the divers help...!
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: (dubious)
dialog: ... I'll do my best.
speaker_heading: NOVELLI
dialog: That's very kind of you.
text: JACQUES knocks on the door.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: It's Jacques... Mayol!
text: A beat. Then ENZO opens the door himself.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Jacques! My friend! Come on in!
text: The officials look at each other baffled.
speaker_heading: NOVELLI
dialog: Mr. Enzo Molinari, allow me to
dialog: impress upon you the importance of
dialog: your attending the Award Ceremony...
dialog: For the press...
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (loosing his temper)
dialog: I think my brother told you I was
dialog: indisposed, that should do it, no?
dialog: I'm allowed to be indisposed, right?
dialog: So, you just tell the press that the
text: "big" Enzo Molinari, overwhelmed by
text: his inspiring descent to 324 feet,
dialog: will not be able to receive this
dialog: trinket because he is...
text: He looks inquisitively at the three men. ENZO looses his
dialog: temper.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Because he is?!
scene_heading: ONE OF THE THREE MEN
dialog: ... Indisposed.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Brave!
text: He slams the door in their face.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL - ENZO'S ROOM - NIGHT
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: Tell me, why don't you go and get
dialog: your medal?
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Because pasta should be eaten "Al
dialog: Dente". So the trinket will just
dialog: have to wait a bit.
text: ENZO takes JACQUES by the shoulder. Inside his room is
text: absolute chaos: dancing, singing, eating. Wet suits hung
text: out to dry everywhere. MAMMA MOLINARI is whipping up
text: mountains of spaghetti on an improvised stove in the
text: middle of the room. A lot of smoke... steam... color...
text: noise... All of Italy crammed into a few square feet.
text: JOHANA taken in by the warm atmosphere, sits in a corner
text: of the room. JACQUES walks over and sits down at her
dialog: side.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (to Mamma)
dialog: Mamma! La pasta?!
speaker_heading: MAMMA MOLINARI
dialog: Arrivo! Arrivo!
text: She points at ROBERTO who is taking forever to grate the
text: cheese. ENZO grabs the guitar from his other brother's
text: hands and starts playing.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: ... It's easy. You go down. You
dialog: come up.
dialog: (to Johana)
dialog: ... Right, Johana?
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Congratulations, Enzo.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Don't you agree, Jacques?
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: ... You always were the best.
text: ENZO laughs then sees his mother.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Ah! La pasta!
text: ENZO starts singing in Italian. MAMMA MOLINARI serves the
text: pasta, ROBERTO follows her around, sprinkling his cheese
text: on the plates. She serves JOHANA a huge plate of pasta,
dialog: enough for three giants.
speaker_heading: MAMMA MOLINARI
dialog: (with a smile)
dialog: Buon appetito, Signorina!
text: JOHANA who isn't even hungry, grins uncertainly. JACQUES
text: has walked up to ENZO. He doesn't dare ask his question.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: What's the matter? You still have a
dialog: bunch of things to ask me? You want
dialog: to know the price of tea in China of
dialog: how we landed on the moon? Is that
dialog: it?
text: ENZO laughs. JACQUES is serious.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: No, I have to ask you a favor...
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: You're the only one who'll
dialog: understand.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (seriously)
dialog: ... I'm listening.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - NIGHT
speaker_heading: MAMMA MOLINARI
dialog: Tutto va bene?
text: The three officials are eating pasta, plates on their
text: knees. Their mouths are too full to speak, they nod
text: enthusiastically.
speaker_heading: NOVELLI
dialog: (mouth full)
dialog: Gracie mille, chignora.
text: MAMMA MOLINARI smiles and slams the door.
scene_heading: INT. FIAT - NIGHT
text: JACQUES is driving, JOHANA sits beside him. ENZO crammed
text: in the back seat, very uncomfortably, because of a
text: stretcher which takes up all the space.
text: They are dressed as they were at ENZO'S party.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (leaning forward)
dialog: Hey! Will you slow down! When did
dialog: you learn how to drive?
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: Driving isn't the problem, it's
dialog: remembering the right road.
text: JACQUES runs a red light.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: And the lights! Running lights,
dialog: stealing stretchers...! You'll have
dialog: us in jail.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: Enzo, stop bitching, will you?
scene_heading: EXT. MARINELAND PARKING LOT - FIAT - NIGHT
text: They get out of the car. JACQUES starts to change into
text: his swimming trunks. ENZO shakes his head, can't believe
text: he's really come along. He laughs and starts undressing.
scene_heading: INT./ EXT. FIAT - STREET TAORMINA - NIGHT
text: It's a very narrow street. The car moves down it quickly.
text: JACQUES drives. The back seat is now occupied by the
text: dolphin. Its nose and tail protruding through the
dialog: windows.
text: JOHANA is in the front seat, turned around, spraying the
text: dolphin with a watering can.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - NIGHT
text: They have driven to the public beach. They slowly lower
text: the stretcher into the water. The dolphin, leaving the
text: stretcher, swims around a little but won't go away.
dialog: He won't leave JACQUES.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: (moved)
dialog: You can't stay here! Come on! Go
dialog: away!
text: JACQUES swims off with her for a while.
text: ENZO walks back toward the car with the stretcher.
text: JOHANA, standing by the water looks at JACQUES and the
text: dolphin who are swimming off together.
text: JACQUES keeps splashing the dolphin as they swim.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: You can stop that now, she has all
dialog: the water she needs.
text: JACQUES cannot get rid of the dolphin.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: All right, we did it. Let's go back
dialog: to the party.
text: JACQUES and the dolphin can't seem to part.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: Just one minute.
text: JOHANA is worried, she walks up to ENZO who goes back into
text: the water and takes JACQUES by the arm.
speaker_heading: ENZO
text: Jacques, the dolphin is home now.
dialog: And that's where we're going. Come
dialog: on! Hurry up now. Our girlfriend
text: is freezing over there.
text: The dolphin starts swimming off. JACQUES follows ENZO
text: half-heartedly.
scene_heading: EXT. JOHANA'S PENSION - NIGHT
text: ENZO stops the FIAT in front of the pension. The three of
text: them get out. ENZO hasn't bothered to dress.
text: JOHANA heads for the gate, she obviously has no desire of
speaker_heading: leaving JACQUES.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: Well, good night, then...
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: You going to sleep here, all by
dialog: yourself?
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: Yes...
text: She looks over at the pension, having a hard time
text: concealing her lack of enthusiasm.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: ... It's a comfortable place.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Sinister is what I'd call it...!
dialog: Ours is so much cheerful! Why don't
dialog: you come and stay with me... There's
dialog: plenty of room in my suite.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: The Mamma's there too.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (face clouds up)
dialog: Yes, the Mamma is is there.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: Good night Enzo, Good night Jacques.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: Good night.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (to Jacques)
dialog: You don't need a stretcher to take
dialog: her with you. You know that, don't
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: The dolphins aren't the only ones
dialog: who don't feel very good sometimes.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: Leave it alone, Enzo, it's okay.
text: She rings the bell for the concierge, then looks back at
speaker_heading: JACQUES.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: Can I come watch you dive tomorrow?
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: (lost)
dialog: Uh... Yes, of course!
text: The concierge comes out and opens the iron gate for her.
text: JOHANA disappears into the parc. ENZO turns to JACQUES.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: You really do have a few things to
dialog: learn about women!
scene_heading: EXT. SEA - DAY
text: The sun is rising on a rough sea. The Committee Boat is
text: anchored in the open sea, 600 feet above the sea bed.
scene_heading: EXT. COMMITTEE BOAT - BAY OF TAORMINA - DAY
text: JACQUES who is on the foredeck of a boat at sea has just
text: laid a towel down before him. He's suited up, sitting in
text: the lotus position, staring straight ahead, clearly self-
text: hypnotized.
text: JOHANA, NOVELLI, and other officials are in the stern of
text: the boat watching last minute preparations.
text: The scuba divers in brightly colored wetsuits and
text: aqualungs, flop out onto the diving platform, plunge into
text: the water, disappear.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: What are they for?
speaker_heading: NOVELLI
text: They're paramedics. They wait at
text: 180 feet.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: (just checking)
dialog: If there was a problem, they could
dialog: do something right?
speaker_heading: NOVELLI
dialog: Of course, that's what they're for.
text: JOHANA sees scuba divers with weird air tanks.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: ... And those?
speaker_heading: NOVELLI
dialog: Those are the divers who go down 300
text: to 330 feet. They dive with a
dialog: Helium-oxygen mixture. At that
dialog: depth, compressed air is too
dialog: dangerous because it contains carbon
dialog: dioxide.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: What's that little air bottle on the
dialog: machine?
speaker_heading: NOVELLI
dialog: That isn't for the divers actually.
text: It's for the balloon. It blows up
text: and pulls the diver up like an
dialog: elevator. Without it, with the
text: pressure at the bottom, the diver
dialog: would just stay pinned to the sea
dialog: bed.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: (shocked)
dialog: But doesn't Jacques dive without
dialog: anything?
speaker_heading: NOVELLI
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Yes... It's magic.
scene_heading: INT. BOAT - DAY - LATER
text: On the boat, NOVELLI checks his watch. JACQUES comes out
text: of his room. He's dressed to dive. He ignores everyone
text: as he goes down the ladder to the diving platform. He
text: seems to be in another world. All sounds coming to him
text: are drowned out.
scene_heading: EXT. DIVING PLATFORM - DAY
text: JACQUES sits in the diver's slot. Opens his eyes slowly
text: and looks around. He puts his flippers on, an assistant
text: stands at his side.
speaker_heading: HIS POV
text: The figures on the platform are vague, the VOICES are
text: GARBLED and incomprehensible. Moving almost in slow
text: motion he raises three fingers.
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN
dialog: Tre minuti!
text: BACK TO SCENE
text: Ten other divers have waited for this signal to dive.
text: They disappear one by one into the blue.
text: JACQUES uses contact lenses instead of a mask. He puts
text: them in, and now, his view of the world is as distorted as
text: his hearing... bodies deform... sounds fade...
text: Already euphoric from the vast amount of oxygen in his
text: system, he moves into another reality altogether... seems
text: to empty himself out.
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN
dialog: Due minuti!
text: JACQUES fills a small tube with water. Pours it into his
text: nostrils... tilts his head... then lets it run out... He
text: puts on his gloves... all his movements are slow, he seems
text: to be operating in a different time zone... He seems
text: unable to take his eyes off the water.
scene_heading: EXT. END OF DIVING PLATFORM - DAY
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN
dialog: Uno minuto!
text: JACQUES puts his nose clip on. He puts his hand on the
text: gueuse. Closes his eyes and inhales slowly. Then he
text: takes a sudden last breath, nods, the technician releases
text: the gueuse and in one flashing movement, he disappears.
speaker_heading: UNDERWATER
text: The gueuse slides down the cable. JACQUES hangs on like a
text: ribbon in the wind, past a marker, 90 feet down.
text: Above him, the boat disappears from sight.
text: He moves faster and faster... through a sea that looks
text: like a cloudy sky. The light fades rapidly around him.
text: Below, white spotlights pierce an ocean dark as night.
text: JACQUES reaches them in a matter of seconds. Turns the
text: brakes, brings his machine to a halt, 180 feet down.
text: The medics are waiting for him there. They take his
dialog: pulse. Check his eyes... 15 seconds... normal... the
text: bubbles from there scuba tanks churn the water around
dialog: them...
text: JACQUES closes his eyes... a tap on the shoulder, he
text: releases the brake on the gueuse. Plunges further, this
text: time into pitch black.
text: Below him a faint spotlight glows on the bottom. He
text: reaches it and the dark diver moves to him. JACQUES
text: brakes his machine. Moving very slowly, turns his body
text: right side up. Like a sleep walker, JACQUES starts to
text: take the plaque off the plumbline... pauses in the middle
dialog: of the gesture.
text: The dark diver flashes the high sign to JACQUES, thumb and
text: forefinger touching, fingers extended, all clear. JACQUES
text: does not respond. The diver repeats the signal. JACQUES
text: does not respond.
text: The diver taps JACQUES on the shoulder... a beat... and
text: then JACQUES responds, thumb and forefinger touching okay.
text: Slowly, reluctantly, he wraps his hand around the handle
dialog: of the balloon.
text: The dark diver quickly turns the handle for him. The
text: balloon inflates. JACQUES hangs on... lets it carry him
dialog: up.
text: At the plague marking 210 feet, JACQUES lets go of the the
text: balloon. With a burst of speed, it darts toward the
dialog: surface.
text: JACQUES follows slowly, undulating like a fish... He's
text: getting warm now... He closes his eyes.
text: Passes the medical control without stopping... without
text: even seeing it like someone asleep.
text: He's moving faster now, toward the warmth, toward the air.
text: JACQUES opens his eyes, watches the lights grow brighter.
text: The silhouette of the boat comes back into view. 60 feet
dialog: to go.
scene_heading: EXT. DIVING PLATFORM - DAY
text: In slow motion JACQUES' hand holding the plaque breaks out
text: of the water followed by his arm, in one continuous
text: movement, his shoulders and head.
text: He gasps for air.
text: A trickle of blood comes from his nose.
text: Flashbulbs flicker, spectators cheer.
scene_heading: EXT. OPEN SEA - A DOLPHIN
text: The dolphin, the one rescued last night, leaps into the
text: air, in perfect harmony with JACQUES' triumph.
scene_heading: EXT. DOLPHINARIUM
text: The dolphins in the dolphinarium leap into the air at the
dialog: exact same moment.
text: The trainer doesn't understand what's going on.
scene_heading: EXT. DIVING PLATFORM - DAY
text: JACQUES falls back into the water. Two divers run over
text: and pull him up onto the dock.
text: JACQUES seems completely dazed, almost in a trance. He
text: slowly comes to and starts screaming louder and louder.
text: It is the scream of his body in need of the surface,
dialog: reality and the feel of the land.
text: JOHANA is terrified. She can hardly breathe. Everybody
text: applauds.
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL DOCK - DAY
text: JACQUES and JOHANA walk down the gangway. NOVELLI has
text: lead the way and the news has been spread.
text: JACQUES looks very weak and punchy.
text: JOHANA holds him up.
text: The spectators applaud as he goes by. Intrigued, JACQUES
text: looks at them all.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: (excited)
dialog: Jacques, listen to the applause.
text: He doesn't respond.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: (trying to keep up)
dialog: Jacques, you set a world record.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: I did?
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: Aren't you happy? Don't you feel
dialog: proud...? I feel proud and all I
dialog: did was watch.
text: He is staring at her, he's returning to the real world.
text: Slowly he smiles.
text: She grabs hold of his arm and gives him a proud kiss on
text: the mouth. JACQUES is a little stunned.
scene_heading: EXT. TERRACE - SWIMMING POOL - DAY
text: ENZO walks into the hotel, his arms filled with packages.
text: He sees JACQUES and JOHANA. From the look on his face we
text: can tell he knows that JACQUES has beaten his record. He
text: deliberately puts on a huge smile as he walks over to
dialog: them.
scene_heading: INT. TERRACE - SWIMMING POOL
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Congratulations Jacques! It's
dialog: wonderful! Wonderful!
text: He drops his packages on the bar and gives Jacques a big
dialog: hug.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: I'm happy for you!
text: He kisses him and starts handing out his presents.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (to Jacques)
dialog: Here...
dialog: (to Johana)
dialog: Here...
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Little presents, nothing much... I
dialog: knew it, I just knew it! Look here!
text: He holds up his arm: he is wearing two watches.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Roberto's watch! I won it! He bet
dialog: that you couldn't beat me!
text: JACQUES opens his present. It's a little ceramic dolphin.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: You still collect them?
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: You don't have that one, do you?
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: No. Thank you. It's really
dialog: beautiful.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Oh it's nothing. I knew it. I told
dialog: Roberto "He's very good that little
dialog: Frenchman, very good". I lost my
dialog: title but I won a watch!
text: JOHANA has opened her package. It's a big plate with a
text: text engraved on it.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: Is it a poem?
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: No, it's the recipe for spaghetti
dialog: "Frutti del mare".
dialog: (to Jacques)
dialog: You see I was right in getting you
dialog: out here. You're a world champion,
dialog: my friend!
text: JACQUES has opened the last small package. It's a
text: measuring tape. He looks at it without understanding.
speaker_heading: ENZO explains:
speaker_heading: ENZO
text: It's a measuring tape.
text: He grabs hold of the tape and lets it roll to the ground.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: You see this is your record, three
dialog: feet more than mine! Looking at it
dialog: from here, it doesn't look like
dialog: much, does it?
text: JACQUES looks at him without saying a word.
text: ENZO hands him the measuring tape.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Keep your little measuring tape, my
dialog: friend, it will be a nice souvenir
dialog: when I beat you next.
text: ENZO taps his shoulder and smiles.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR ASCENDING - JACQUES - JOHANA
text: They're locked in a long kiss. He untucks the bottom of
text: her shirt and slides his hands under it.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - JACQUES - JOHANA - TWILIGHT
text: They're in bed, making love in their fashion. Moonlight
text: shines in the silver sea. In the background are the
text: lights of the bay of TAORMINA.
speaker_heading: LATER
text: JACQUES is in bed with JOHANA. They are both asleep.
text: Suddenly, he sits up, as he always does after his
text: recurrent dream.
text: He's wide awake, looks over at her sleeping. She sleeps
text: peacefully like a baby. Quietly, gently, he eases out of
text: bed and walks to the open window.
text: He stands on the balcony, staring at the sea. Then in the
text: distance in the moonlight, a dolphin leaps out of the
dialog: water, once, twice, a third time.
text: JACQUES laughs and goes back to the bed where he sits down
text: next to JOHANA. She is still sound asleep.
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL - PIER - NIGHT
text: JACQUES quickly gets into one of his diving suits. He
text: puts on his flippers. The dolphin is still jumping in and
text: out of the water. JACQUES jumps off the pier and swims
text: over to her.
scene_heading: INT. JACQUES' HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT
text: JOHANA rolls over and feels the bed in her sleep.
text: JACQUES' absence wakes her.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: Jacques?
text: She gets up and walks over to the balcony. She doesn't
dialog: see anything.
scene_heading: EXT. PIER - NIGHT
text: JOHANA walks down the pier and notices the little pile of
text: clothes JACQUES has left behind. She looks around but
text: still can't see anything. She decides to sit next to the
text: pile of clothes, and waits, her eyes riveted to the sea.
scene_heading: EXT. PIER - DAWN
text: The sky has just begun to light up again. JOHANA is still
text: sitting next to the pile of clothes.
text: She is wearing JACQUES' sweater. She looks sad, yet
text: serene. The look of a woman who has been thinking over
text: the situation and who has made up her mind.
text: Tired, JACQUES swims back to the pier. It looks as if he
text: has come out of nowhere.
text: He is exhausted. He takes off his flippers and gets up
text: onto the pier in front of JOHANA. He looks at her, a
text: little surprised to find her there.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: (warm)
dialog: What are you doing here?
text: She answers in a far away voice, with the same serene
dialog: sadness.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: I'm going to leave, Jacques.
text: Dripping with water, he sits down next to her. His face
text: is drawn from fatigue. She continues.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: I'm going back home.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: Because one shouldn't fall in love
text: with creatures from the sea.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: I'm not from the sea... I don't
dialog: understand what you're talking
dialog: about.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: Yes you do. You know exactly what
dialog: I'm talking about. You're afraid I
dialog: want to hold onto you, and I do,
dialog: but you're not ready... at least not
dialog: for me.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: But it's not true, I feel good with
dialog: you... It feels right...
text: She looks at him for a moment, then takes his face in her
text: hands and rests it on her bosom, as if a small child.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: I've got to get back to the hotel...
dialog: and get my suitcase packed.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN STATION - JACQUES - JOHANA - DAY
text: The train station faces the sea. JACQUES and JOHANA are
text: standing on the platform, amid others. In the distance we
text: hear the rumble and whistle of a train.
text: JOHANA gets on the train. The station master blows his
dialog: whistle.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: Will... will we see each other
dialog: again?
text: JOHANA'S eyes are filled with tears.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: Take good care of yourself, Jacques.
text: The train starts pulling out of the station.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: Where can I call you? Johana, tell
dialog: me where can I call you?
text: JOHANA doesn't answer. JACQUES stands helplessly in the
text: station, his eyes filled with tears.
scene_heading: INT. ENZO'S ROOM - DAY
text: ENZO opens the door of his suite. His hair is messed up,
text: he's got "sheet prints" on his face and is wearing the top
text: of a diving suit.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: Can I come in?
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: No problem, I enjoy talking in my
dialog: sleep.
text: ENZO walks back into the apartment and crashes on the bed.
text: He's lying on his stomach. JACQUES walks in and lets
text: himself drop in a chair.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Wake me up at 11:00.
text: ENZO closes his eyes. JACQUES looks over at the clock, it
text: says 11:25. JACQUES doesn't say anything and stares
text: blankly out of the window.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (opening one eye)
dialog: Hmmm! Something wrong?
text: JACQUES doesn't answer.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Is it the girl?
text: JACQUES stares out the window.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Did she leave?
text: No answer. ENZO gets up and sits on the side of the bed.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Hey! I'm going to take care of you!
dialog: I've got this job, on an oil rig, no
dialog: sweat! I'm taking you along... Come
dialog: on! Get your bags packed! You're
dialog: coming with me, I tell you!
text: He pats him on the back.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: We'll make a great team, the two of
dialog: us. You'll see!
scene_heading: EXT. OIL DRILLING PLATFORM - AT SEA - DAY
text: The platform shines in the morning light.
text: There are several stories of crew housing and offices
text: above the deck. Long steel legs disappear into the
text: swelling slate-gray ocean. We hear WHOP-WHOP-WHOP of a
dialog: helicopter.
scene_heading: EXT. HELICOPTER - PLATFORM
text: The helicopter is landing. Crewmen rush to secure it to
text: the oil rig's deck. Doors open and two passengers get
text: off: JACQUES and ENZO. They each carry a duffel bag of
text: personal belongings. They're both wearing fluorescent
dialog: diving suits.
text: The DRILLING SUPERINTENDENT comes to meet them.
speaker_heading: SUPERINTENDENT
dialog: Mayol, Molinari...?
text: They nod.
speaker_heading: SUPERINTENDENT
dialog: We've been waiting for you for three
dialog: days. Goddamnit!
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Is that the way you talk to the best
dialog: diver in the world...? And to his
dialog: friend Jacques Mayol!
text: The SUPERINTENDENT smiles sourly, and gestures to a
dialog: crewman.
speaker_heading: SUPERINTENDENT
dialog: Show them their quarters.
text: Five minutes later, JACQUES and ENZO are following the
dialog: crewman.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: He doesn't like us.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: So what!? His job is to hand out
dialog: the paychecks. And he does that
dialog: very well, let me tell you.
scene_heading: INT. DIVING CAPSULE - DAY
text: The diving capsule, suspended by cables, begins its
text: descent through a trap door in the deck. It plunges into
dialog: the sea.
text: The three men in the capsule are: JACQUES, ENZO and the
text: tough looking CAPSULE COMMANDER NOIREUTER, who is much too
dialog: professional for ENZO'S tastes.
text: ENZO watches through a porthole while the COMMANDER
text: concentrates on the control console. He runs through a
text: checklist of systems. JACQUES responds with a "check" as
text: he verifies each one. ENZO is already bored and fed up by
dialog: the procedures.
text: JACQUES is lost in thought, they don't look cheerful.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (suddenly)
dialog: You still thinking about her?
text: JACQUES doesn't answer. ENZO goes on.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Don't think about her anymore! Let
dialog: me tell you, you're just making
dialog: yourself unhappy! There are so many
dialog: women in the world!
text: He takes a cigarette from a pouch in his diving suit and
text: stares at NOIREUTER.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Plenty of women everywhere right?
speaker_heading: NOIREUTER
dialog: (coldly)
dialog: Smoking is absolutely forbidden.
speaker_heading: ENZO
text: It isn't lit yet.
speaker_heading: NOIREUTER
dialog: You shouldn't even carry cigarettes
dialog: on board!
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Listen we're not supposed to piss
dialog: either but that doesn't stop you
dialog: from carrying "it" on board?!
speaker_heading: NOIREUTER
dialog: (stubborn)
dialog: The rules are the rules.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (checking out this
dialog: creature)
dialog: ... What's your name again?
speaker_heading: NOIREUTER
dialog: Noireuter.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: And where did you say you were from?
speaker_heading: NOIREUTER
dialog: I didn't say...
dialog: (contemptuous)
dialog: Brussels!
text: ENZO smiles sardonically, shaking his head very slowly.
text: The COMMANDER'S answer explains it all.
scene_heading: INT. DRILLING PLATFORM - CONTROL ROOM - DAY
text: A technician is overlooking the capsule descent on a
text: video screen.
text: The SUPERINTENDENT watches over the technician's shoulder.
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN
text: They're at 450 feet.
scene_heading: INT. DIVING CAPSULE - DAY
text: ENZO, a cigarette dangling from his lips, looks through
text: the porthole.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: ... I was seventeen, I loved her so
dialog: much I tried to die for her. Two
dialog: years later I couldn't even remember
dialog: her name! Let me tell you, time
dialog: erases everything!
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: I don't want to erase anything.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: You'd rather think about it and make
dialog: yourself miserable?
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: (after thinking about
dialog: it)
dialog: ... Yes.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: I give you this. You're stubborn...
dialog: Dumb, but stubborn.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: (taking it as a
dialog: compliment)
dialog: Thank you.
scene_heading: INT. CAPSULE - DAY
text: The technician fiddles with a few knobs.
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN
text: Minus 800 feet. End of descent.
scene_heading: INT. DIVING CAPSULE
text: The diving capsule ends its descent. The COMMANDER turns
text: to ENZO and JACQUES who is still staring out the porthole.
speaker_heading: NOIREUTER
dialog: (with a Mickey Mouse
dialog: voice)
dialog: You have enough air for 15 minutes.
text: ENZO bursts out laughing.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (with Donald Ducks
dialog: voice)
dialog: What's with the voice?
speaker_heading: NOIREUTER
dialog: It's nothing. It's just the helium,
dialog: because of the air pressure.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (worried)
dialog: And... does the voice come back?
speaker_heading: NOIREUTER
dialog: For others, yes... For you, who
dialog: knows?
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (still a little
dialog: worried, to Jacques)
dialog: Try speaking to me?
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: (with Daffy Ducks
dialog: voice)
dialog: I don't find this funny. We were
text: having a serious conversation.
text: ENZO and JACQUES burst out laughing. They keep these same
text: voice till the end of the scene.
text: ENZO pulls out a tiny silver flask out of his pocket.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (to Jacques)
dialog: Here, give me your finger.
text: ENZO taps a drop onto JACQUES' finger, then on his own.
text: Then NOIREUTER blows up.
speaker_heading: NOIREUTER
dialog: (in a panic)
dialog: Is that alcohol? Are you out of
dialog: your mind? Alcohol is strictly
dialog: forbidden.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (loosing his temper)
dialog: Hey! D'you have any other
dialog: complaints? Just make a list and
dialog: we'll stick it on the porthole!
dialog: Okay?
text: ENZO pours a second drop on his own finger.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Go on, suck your finger.
text: JACQUES hesitates. ENZO has no qualms about it and sucks
text: his own finger. NOIREUTER is petrified.
speaker_heading: NOIREUTER
dialog: Are you crazy? At this pressure?
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: It's very deep down here.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Come on, suck your finger, you'll be
dialog: seeing mermaids everywhere!
text: JACQUES, convinced sucks his finger too. ENZO smiles.
text: The alcohol has an immediate effect on them.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (to Jacques)
dialog: A thousand commanders and we get a
text: Belgian from Alcoholic's Anonymous.
speaker_heading: UNDERWATER
text: ENZO gets out of the diving capsule, head first.
text: He is connected to the capsule by a number of cables.
text: JACQUES, who follows him, gets completely tangled up in
text: them. They are both hilariously drunk.
scene_heading: INT. DRILLING PLATFORM - CONTROL ROOM
text: The SUPERINTENDENT hears them laughing through the control
text: room speakers. He flips a communication switch.
speaker_heading: SUPERINTENDENT
dialog: Can you hear me? What's going on?
dialog: (to the technician)
dialog: Are you sure you're on the right
dialog: channel?
text: The technician nods back to him.
speaker_heading: UNDERWATER
text: The two divers have gotten to the spot they are supposed
text: to be working on. They have their arms around each other
dialog: and are dancing.
text: NOIREUTER watches them through the porthole. He shakes
text: his head in complete disbelief.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM
text: We hear the two friends humming the tune of a Viennese
dialog: waltz.
speaker_heading: SUPERINTENDENT
dialog: If those guys are playing a radio
dialog: down there they'd just better watch
dialog: out!!
scene_heading: INT. JOHANA'S APARTMENT
text: SALLY is talking away, pointing around the apartment.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: ... And if we repaint the walls,
dialog: we'll need new curtains, you put the
dialog: painters on you Visa and I'll do the
dialog: curtains on American Express... for
dialog: the couch there's Bloomingdales...
dialog: or are you still over your limit?
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: (flatly)
text: Way past it.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Does that have a hidden meaning?
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: No. I'm just depressed.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: You look it too. You haven't been
dialog: working out, you haven't been taking
dialog: your vitamins! You haven't been
dialog: drinking your herbs, you haven't
dialog: been...
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: (stopping her)
dialog: I know, I know! I'm a terrible
dialog: person...
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: It's... I'm so damn, damn sad.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: What is it honey... the frenchy?
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: (tentatively)
dialog: Do you think I should have stayed?
dialog: Don't you think maybe I should have
dialog: stayed? I've been a jerk, right?
dialog: (then, emphatically)
dialog: I should have stayed! I was
dialog: supposed to be in love... I was in
dialog: love! I am in love, why did I act
dialog: like a bitch? He went swimming.
dialog: All the man did was go swimming! I
dialog: must be crazy. It was too good to
dialog: be true.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Vitamins, exercise, herb tea... and
dialog: see a doctor, will ya?
scene_heading: INT. DOCTOR'S OFFICE - JOHANA - DAY
text: The doctor enters with a folder, speaks to JOHANA
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Well Miss Cross, herbs aren't going
dialog: to do the trick this time.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: (worried)
dialog: It's serious, right?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: I think so. You're pregnant...
dialog: Congratulations! If that's in
dialog: order?
text: JOHANA breaks into a wide grin.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: It's in order! Thank you. Thank
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: I don't think it's me you have to
dialog: thank.
scene_heading: INT. DUFFY'S OFFICE - DUFFY - DAY
text: DUFFY is at his desk. His lunch is spread out in front of
text: him. Outside the window, the window-washers are eating
text: their lunch too. JOHANA hurries in.
speaker_heading: DUFFY
dialog: Good afternoon.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: (agitated)
dialog: I came to make a clean breast of
dialog: everything... the whole business.
speaker_heading: DUFFY
dialog: (bluffing, with his
dialog: mouth full of
dialog: sandwich)
dialog: Yes. Of course. Very wise.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: (in a rush)
dialog: Remember when I went to Italy and
dialog: canceled the policy on the new
dialog: stadium. Well, we weren't being
dialog: cheated by the Mafia or anybody
dialog: except maybe by me...
text: (she sees the window-
dialog: washers)
dialog: ... Do they come for lunch everyday?
dialog: I really went on my own business, to
dialog: see a man that I happen to be in
dialog: love with... and I'm glad I did it,
dialog: but I'm sorry about the policy and
dialog: I'll be happy to make up the money
dialog: the company didn't get... of course
dialog: just now I don't have...
text: (she checks a note
dialog: she's holding)
dialog: One million, four hundred and ten
dialog: thousand dollars. But if you were
dialog: to dock my salary, say, twenty
dialog: dollars a week, in a few hundred
dialog: years we'd be even... and I think
dialog: this is where you fire me?
speaker_heading: DUFFY
dialog: (swallowing sandwich)
dialog: You're right. You're fired.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: Will that interfere with my getting
dialog: maternity leave? I'm pregnant.
speaker_heading: DUFFY
dialog: The Italian, I presume?
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: No. He's French, he was just in
dialog: Italy for the competition.
speaker_heading: DUFFY
dialog: (smiling)
text: He seems to have won it.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: Yes, isn't it wonderful? I'm so
dialog: happy. I'll bet I'm the happiest
dialog: pregnant fired person in the world!
text: She starts to leave... calls out to the window-washers.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: Bon appetit and Adieu!
scene_heading: INT. JOHANA'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: JOHANA stares out of the bay window of her Manhattan
text: apartment. Hesitant, she walks around her telephone.
text: Finally she makes up her mind, picks up her address book
text: and dials the number.
speaker_heading: JACQUES (V.O.)
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: It's me... Johana.
scene_heading: INT. JACQUES' APARTMENT
text: JACQUES is on the telephone, in front of a little window
text: overlooking the sea. He is very glad to hear her voice.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: How are you?
scene_heading: INT. JOHANA'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: I got fired.
speaker_heading: JACQUES (V.O.)
dialog: ... That's funny... I had this job
dialog: with Enzo... we got fired too.
text: JOHANA'S face lights up with a huge smile.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: LATER
text: JOHANA is still on the phone, sitting in front of the bay
text: window. Day is dawning.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: (looking out at the
dialog: skyline)
text: It's getting light out.
speaker_heading: JACQUES (V.O.)
text: Here, it's getting dark.
text: JOHANA smiles. She stretches, lies down on the carpeted
text: floor. JACQUES seems to have gone through all topics of
dialog: conversation.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: I've been thinking about you a lot,
dialog: you know...
text: JOHANA is by now completely stretched out on the floor.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: So have I.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: ... Hello?
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: I'm still here.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: Well, then, talk to me some more.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: ... It's hard you know. You're so
dialog: far away and I don't know what else
dialog: to say.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: Then, tell me a story.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: Uh... Ah! A story?
text: He turns around and sits on the window sill, his feet
text: dangling in mid air.
text: He looks at the sea, seeking inspiration.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: Do you know how it is?
dialog: (starting again)
dialog: Do you know what you're supposed to
dialog: do to meet a mermaid?
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: (with a smile)
dialog: No... tell me.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: You go down to the bottom of the
dialog: sea, where the water isn't even blue
dialog: anymore, where the sky is only a
dialog: memory... and you float there,
dialog: quietly, quietly and stay there...
dialog: and you decide that you will die for
dialog: them... Only then do they start
dialog: coming out. They come and greet you
dialog: and they judge the love you have for
dialog: them... If it's sincere. If it's
dialog: pure... They will be with you and
dialog: take you away forever.
text: JOHANA listens with the abandon of a child being put to
dialog: sleep.
scene_heading: INT. JACQUES' ROOM - ANTIBES
text: The sun hits the roof tops. The sea is sparkling.
text: The phone rings on the window sill. JACQUES answers.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: JOHANA (V.O.)
dialog: It's me again.
text: JACQUES smiles.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: (after a silence)
dialog: I'm being a pain, huh?
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: ... Not at all.
speaker_heading: JOHANA (V.O.)
dialog: You sure?
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Absolutely positive.
speaker_heading: JOHANA (V.O.)
dialog: Okay. In that case... I'm at the
dialog: airport in Nice.
text: JACQUES doesn't know what to say. He looks around him,
dialog: can't figure out what to do.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: (lost)
dialog: Okay... huh, I'll be right over.
scene_heading: INT. AIRPORT - DAY
text: JOHANA is standing in front of the airport.
text: JACQUES sees her. They smile shyly at each other.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NICE - OPPOSITE THE NEGRESCO HOTEL
text: JACQUES and JOHANA are sitting in the back of a taxi. The
text: driver stops in front of the hotel.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: (loud)
dialog: The Carlton! Enjoy your siesta.
text: JACQUES and JOHANA look at each other.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - JACQUES - JOHANA - DAY
text: The room is in semi-darkness, despite the blazing sunlight
text: coming through cracks in the shutters. JACQUES and JOHANA
text: are making love. JACQUES is on top of her, his whole body
text: covered in sweat. The rumpled sheets and the movements of
text: their bodies suggest the movements of the sea. ALL SOUNDS
text: are disproportionate and slightly distorted, they are
dialog: underwater...
text: ALL JOHANA'S reluctance has vanished. Both of them act
dialog: like people who have never felt anything like this before.
text: A certain astonishment at the depth of their feeling. An
text: increasing freedom. All the muscles of their bodies
dialog: stretch to their limits.
text: JACQUES, progressively, finds himself disappearing. His
text: image dissolves point by point... disintegrates into
text: unbroken blue... The effect creates the impression of
text: someone melting, the screen is now totally blue.
text: A thin, HIGH-PITCHED SOUND.
text: From the bottom of the image, a tiny pinpoint starts
text: TOWARD the CAMERA. It is JACQUES, naked, swimming out of
text: the deep blue ocean toward the light as if he were coming
text: out of a dive. He comes CLOSER and CLOSER to the
dialog: CAMERA...
text: Until his head almost touches the lens...
text: A sudden DEAFENING NOISE... and we find JACQUES on top of
text: JOHANA. He looks down at her, speechless.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: (a little frightened)
dialog: Are you okay?
text: After a long beat.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: ... I think I love you.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT BUILDING - ANTIBES - DAY
text: JACQUES and JOHANA step out of the elevator of a 19th
dialog: century building.
text: JACQUES is carrying her suitcases.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: Why did you take me to the hotel, if
dialog: you live here.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: You'll understand.
text: JACQUES rings the door bell and sticks his key in the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: Someone in there?
text: JACQUES nods and pushes the door open with the bags he's
text: carrying. They enter a huge, very old apartment filled
text: with models and paintings of boats.
text: JACQUES leads JOHANA to the other end of the apartment.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - ON UNCLE LOUIS (SORT OF)
text: It's a huge old-fashioned bathroom. The centerpiece is a
text: deep ancient bathtub on faded gild feet. There's a
text: rippling shadow of a body under the bath water.
text: JOHANA gasps.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: Don't be afraid. It's my Uncle...
dialog: Louis.
text: He goes to the tub and pinches the end of a tube. UNCLE
text: LOUIS, underwater, has been breathing through it. LOUIS'
text: head pops out of the water, furious.
speaker_heading: UNCLE LOUIS
dialog: Assassin!
speaker_heading: JACQUES
text: (loud, as if speaking
dialog: to a deaf man)
dialog: Uncle Louis, this is my friend
dialog: Johana.
speaker_heading: UNCLE LOUIS
dialog: Did you buy the cassettes? The
dialog: Wagner, the Berlioz?
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: I brought Johana to meet you.
speaker_heading: UNCLE LOUIS
dialog: Are you crazy? I have no use for a
dialog: woman! Since my accident.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: No, no. Johana is visiting me.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: (tentatively)
dialog: Bonjour Monsieur... Louis.
dialog: (she looks to
dialog: Jacques)
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: (whispering to
dialog: Johana)
dialog: Uncle Louis. He's a 75 year old
dialog: amazing guy, isn't he?
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: I'm very pleased to meet you, Uncle
dialog: Louis.
speaker_heading: UNCLE LOUIS
dialog: (to Johana)
dialog: Did you bring the cassettes, the
dialog: Wagner, the Berlioz?
dialog: (pointing to Jacques)
dialog: This idiot never listens to anything
dialog: I say. Sometimes I wonder if he
dialog: isn't deaf.
text: LOUIS climbs out of the bathtub, and pulls on a bathrobe.
text: Behind him he's pulling two insulated wires out of the
text: bathtub. We see that they're connected to small
text: underwater speakers. As they surface, incredibly LOUD
text: MUSIC BLASTS: the finale of the "1812 Overture",
text: (trumpets, timpani, cannons, etc...) The sound fills the
text: room, the apartment, and probably all of ANTIBES.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - JACQUES - JOHANA - LOUIS - LATER
text: The three of them are at the table. There are a few
text: scraps on their plates on a threadbare lace tablecloth.
text: Incredibly LOUD SYMPHONIC MUSIC is PLAYING. LOUIS is as
text: deaf as a fence post.
text: Everyone has to scream over the music.
speaker_heading: UNCLE LOUIS
dialog: Where are you from, Henrietta?
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: (correcting him)
dialog: Johana... New York.
speaker_heading: UNCLE LOUIS
dialog: What kind of name is that? To be
dialog: named after a city?
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: (smiling)
text: He doesn't hear too well.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: I said I was from New York.
speaker_heading: UNCLE LOUIS
dialog: (yelling at Jacques)
dialog: That explains it! The best lays are
dialog: from New York!
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: Uncle Louis!
speaker_heading: UNCLE LOUIS
dialog: No, no. It's true. When I was in
dialog: New York, oh boy!
dialog: (to Johana)
dialog: Before my accident, you understand?
dialog: (then back to
dialog: Jacques)
text: JACQUES stands up and lowers the music.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: (impatient)
dialog: Uncle Louis! Johana is my friend.
dialog: She's come to stay with me for a
dialog: while.
speaker_heading: UNCLE LOUIS
dialog: Good. That way I'll see more of
dialog: you... Where are you going to stay?
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: Well... here.
speaker_heading: UNCLE LOUIS
dialog: (outraged)
dialog: In my apartment?
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: (with a sigh)
dialog: It's my apartment.
speaker_heading: UNCLE LOUIS
dialog: (jumping up)
dialog: Liar! Thief! Torturer! When you
dialog: were an orphan I nursed you at my
dialog: breast.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: Uncle Louis, we have a guest!
speaker_heading: UNCLE LOUIS
dialog: I'm going to put a lock on the
dialog: telephone.
dialog: (them calming down,
dialog: to Johana)
dialog: Did you bring the cassettes?
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - JACQUES - JOHANA
text: JACQUES' room looks like a diving equipment storage room
text: with a bed in it. JACQUES notices JOHANA'S gaze.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: (solicitously)
dialog: You think it'll be all right?
dialog: You'll be comfortable here?
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: (catching her breath)
dialog: It's going to be... interesting.
scene_heading: EXT. PORT OF ANTIBES - DAY
text: JACQUES, JOHANA and ROBERTO are waiting at the port.
speaker_heading: ROBERTO
dialog: (glancing at his
dialog: watch)
dialog: ... It's not like him to be late.
dialog: Of course sometimes he doesn't show
dialog: up at all. Once in Capri, he...
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: We get the picture, Roberto.
dialog: (looks over her
dialog: shoulder)
dialog: Jacques, I think Louis needs help.
text: JACQUES turns around. UNCLE LOUIS is a few yards behind
text: them at a fish stand on the dock. He's holding up an eel
text: and screaming at the fishmonger.
speaker_heading: UNCLE LOUIS
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Two dollars for this! This fish
dialog: wasn't caught. It died of cancer!
text: JACQUES shrugs his shoulders and gives up on the idea of
dialog: interfering.
speaker_heading: ROBERTO
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: Here he comes!
text: A speed boat races along the water. It's a beautiful
text: highly-varnished mahogany Riva. It races into the port.
text: Standing at the helm, looking like Christopher Columbus
text: his hair brushed back by the wind, is ENZO.
text: Next to him hanging on to the windscreen is an impressive
text: six foot, dark haired beauty. She has a scarf over her
text: hair. She wears a purple leather micro-mini with a cerise
text: halter top and her ruby fingernails are three inches long.
dialog: If she ever actually would get cast in a movie, she'd make
text: Raquel Welch hide in shame. Her stage name is BONITA
speaker_heading: MARIPOSA.
text: ENZO kills the THROTTLE, swings the speedboat into a
text: perfect landing at the dock. ROBERTO takes the lines.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Jacques! Johana!
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: Enzo!
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: Enzo!
text: During all of this, everyone's attention is actually on
text: BONITA who is tugging at her long black hair. They're all
text: awestruck except for ROBERTO.
speaker_heading: ROBERTO
dialog: (meaning the speed
dialog: boat)
dialog: Where did you get that?
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (meaning Bonita)
dialog: "That"! This is not a "that"...
dialog: This is Bonita Mariposa, the famous
dialog: Spanish actress.
dialog: (whispering to
dialog: Bonita)
dialog: ... Who is going to be careful with
dialog: the varnish...
dialog: (back to Roberto)
dialog: And who has come to spend a few days
dialog: with us.
dialog: (and very quickly)
dialog: Where's Mamma?
speaker_heading: ROBERTO
dialog: (checking watch)
dialog: You have eight hours before she gets
dialog: here.
text: ENZO glances at his watch and sighs with relief. BONITA
text: says hello to JACQUES, kisses JOHANA.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM IN JACQUES' APARTMENT - DAY
text: Loud classical music booms from the stereo. The noise
text: pins JACQUES, ENZO and ROBERTO to their chairs.
text: UNCLE LOUIS gets a bottle of whiskey and serves everybody.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: He's really going totally deaf!
speaker_heading: UNCLE LOUIS
dialog: I'm not as deaf as you are blind, my
dialog: boy! You take care of your eyes,
dialog: I'll take care of my ears!
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: I'm sorry Uncle Louis.
text: UNCLE LOUIS pours him a whiskey.
speaker_heading: UNCLE LOUIS
dialog: Come on, drink up, my boy! It might
dialog: just save us from your bullshit.
text: The bottle is empty. UNCLE LOUIS goes to the kitchen.
text: JACQUES turns down the music, and finally hears the bell
text: which has been ringing. JACQUES opens the apartment door:
text: it's Professor LAWRENCE. Suit and tie and carrying a
dialog: bottle.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: I'm glad you could come. I want you
dialog: to meet Enzo.
text: ENZO and LAWRENCE shake hands.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (with a smile)
dialog: So you're the famous Enzo Molinari?
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (with an even bigger
dialog: smile)
dialog: In the flesh. I have that honor!
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - NIGHT
text: JOHANA comes into the bathroom, closes the door, cutting
text: down the blaring music. The paint is peeling off the
dialog: ceiling.
text: BONITA is standing under a 40 watt lamp, putting on make-
text: up in front of JACQUES' cracked shaving mirror.
speaker_heading: BONITA
dialog: You're going to live here
dialog: permanently?
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: ... Maybe, if Jacques will let me
dialog: fix up the place a little.
text: JOHANA walks over to the mirror and watches BONITA put on
text: her make-up like a professional.
speaker_heading: BONITA
dialog: (wistfully)
text: He's shy, not like Enzo.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: Yes. Not like Enzo.
speaker_heading: BONITA
dialog: (putting on
dialog: eyelashes)
dialog: I think, he's really nice... He's a
dialog: funny guy... sometimes even very
dialog: moving.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: (after a long
dialog: silence)
dialog: ... I'm pregnant, Bonita!
text: BONITA stops working on her make-up and looks pensively at
speaker_heading: JOHANA.
speaker_heading: BONITA
dialog: Are you going to keep it?
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: BONITA
dialog: Does he know?
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: BONITA
dialog: (thinking)
dialog: Maybe you should talk to him about
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: I can't... I just don't know how
dialog: to...
text: BONITA looks at her with the same pensive look.
speaker_heading: JOHANA goes on.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: I was thinking of something kinda
dialog: stupid last night. You know those
dialog: women in the greek mythology that
dialog: made love with the Gods. Take Leda
dialog: for example, sleeping with Jupiter,
dialog: who came to earth as a swan... Well,
dialog: can you imagine Leda announcing to
dialog: her swan "You're going to be a
dialog: father, my little chick-a-dee"?
speaker_heading: BONITA
dialog: (starts laughing)
dialog: But your man isn't quite a God!
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Probably not, but I still don't have
dialog: the nerve to tell him.
speaker_heading: BONITA
dialog: Well, you're going to have to tell
dialog: him, sometime!
text: Unconvinced, JOHANA nods. She changes the subject.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: And you...? Do you love Enzo?
speaker_heading: BONITA
dialog: (earnestly)
dialog: Very much, I think.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: But, there's going to be a problem.
scene_heading: EXT. TERRACE OF RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: The "problem": MAMMA MOLINARI sits between ENZO and
text: ROBERTO, looking like a malevolent storm cloud, staring
text: across at BONITA.
speaker_heading: ROBERTO
dialog: (desperately)
dialog: Mamma, calimari fritti... Zuppa de
dialog: pesci. Sono buoni.
speaker_heading: MAMMA MOLINARI
dialog: (eyeing Bonita)
dialog: Nothing. I'm not hungry.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Mamma, Bonita is an actress like
dialog: Sophia Loren, Anna Magnani...
speaker_heading: BONITA
dialog: (icy)
dialog: Sarah Bernardt. I sing too... a
dialog: hell of a Carmen. Want to hear?
speaker_heading: MAMMA MOLINARI
dialog: (coldly)
dialog: No thank you.
text: There's an interminable awkward silence. Then UNCLE LOUIS
text: at last finds his way to the table. JACQUES who is too
text: grateful for the interruption springs to his feet.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: Uncle Louis, you remember Enzo's
dialog: mother Signora Molinari from
dialog: Amorgos?
speaker_heading: UNCLE LOUIS
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: The whale! How could I forget?
dialog: Always was something fishy about
dialog: that woman!
text: MAMMA MOLINARI is having trouble breathing.
speaker_heading: UNCLE LOUIS
dialog: What were Italians doing living in
dialog: Greece anyway?
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: Louis, we were French!
speaker_heading: UNCLE LOUIS
dialog: That's different! What's the matter
dialog: with you?
speaker_heading: ROBERTO
dialog: (complete panic)
dialog: Mamma, pesce di spada?
text: All of them are gasping for air, trying so hard not to
dialog: laugh.
speaker_heading: UNCLE LOUIS
dialog: (to Mamma)
dialog: Hey, whale! Can you pass down the
dialog: squids?
text: They all burst out laughing.
scene_heading: EXT. COMMITTEE BOAT AT SEA - DAY
text: The diving platform is out. The competition has begun.
text: ENZO is at the gueuse, getting ready to dive. ROBERTO
text: works around him busily.
text: BONITA on deck above him is making little gestures of
text: encouragement. ENZO isn't amused.
text: Other competitors watch from the Committee Boat.
text: ENZO turns the handle on the gueuse, plunges into the
dialog: water.
text: Professor LAWRENCE, taking notes, stands a few feet away.
scene_heading: UNDERWATER - ON ENZO
text: He dives down, further and further down. He approaches
text: the two medics in aqualungs at the control point (210
dialog: feet).
text: They move toward him.
scene_heading: EXT. DIVING PLATFORM - ENZO
text: Surfacing. Assistants help him onto the platform.
text: ROBERTO pulls off his fins. ENZO rips off his mask. He
text: looks furious. He tosses the depth plaque (which proves
text: he is qualified) back into the water.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: A shit dive.
text: He looks around angrily for an official. Sees NOVELLI.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Those goddamned frogmen doctors
text: waiting around at 200 feet they just
dialog: kill your concentration.
speaker_heading: NOVELLI
dialog: They're required by law.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (climbing off
dialog: platform)
dialog: There's no law down there! The only
dialog: law is what your lungs can take.
dialog: (to the next diver)
dialog: ... Have fun! They waiting for you
dialog: down there, to take the temperature
dialog: of your ass.
text: He keeps on walking across the boat, runs into JACQUES,
text: who's just about to begin his yoga preparation.
text: JACQUES sees ENZO'S expression, looks concerned.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (defensively)
dialog: Anybody can have a bad day!
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: I've had many... when the sea
dialog: doesn't want you.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (disgusted)
dialog: It's never the sea! It's Roberto,
dialog: Mamma, that stupid actress... Oh
dialog: shit! Jacques, what do you know?
dialog: Go do your Hindu exercises and don't
dialog: break my balls!
text: ENZO stamps into one of the cabins.
scene_heading: INT. JACQUES' APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: JOHANA is reading a child birth catalog. She throws it
text: away upside down, as soon as she hears JACQUES
text: approaching. JACQUES comes in and sits opposite her. He
text: seems bitter.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: Well, how was it?
text: In an involuntary gesture, JACQUES flips through the
dialog: catalog.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: (sadly)
dialog: Enzo had a bad day.
text: JOHANA wonders if JACQUES will understand the presence of
dialog: the baby magazine.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: (tense)
dialog: And you?
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: I didn't dive.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: (she takes the
dialog: magazine)
dialog: You'll try again tomorrow?
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: I don't know... it didn't feel
dialog: right. I'm going to bed. I'm tired.
text: He goes away.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: You forgot your magazine!
dialog: He hasn't heard.
text: JACQUES goes to the bedroom, and throws himself on the
dialog: bed.
text: JOHANA looks as if she had wished he'd put two and two
dialog: together.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: ... Nothing.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. COMMITTEE BOAT AT SEA - DAY
text: ENZO bursts out of the water. He rips off his face mask,
text: throws it on the diving platform, roaring with pleasure.
text: He tosses the depth plague to ROBERTO.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Let them try.
scene_heading: INT. JACQUES' APARTMENT - DAY
text: JOHANA opens the apartment door. BONITA is standing
text: there, a suitcase in one hand.
speaker_heading: BONITA
dialog: I wanted to say goodbye, Johana.
text: They kiss each other goodbye.
text: JOHANA is very uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: You're leaving?
speaker_heading: BONITA
dialog: Yes...
text: (she hands her a
dialog: note)
dialog: Could you please give this to Enzo.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: Of course.
text: BONITA grabs the note back and tears it up.
speaker_heading: BONITA
dialog: It's no use... Just tell him I said
dialog: goodbye... And give him a kiss for
dialog: me, Okay?
text: The two women hug again.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: (sorry)
dialog: Bonita, you shouldn't be discouraged
dialog: so easily.
speaker_heading: BONITA
dialog: I don't have the strength to fight
dialog: off la Mamma... Anyway who wants to
dialog: spend their whole life waiting at
text: the end of a pier.
text: BONITA rests her hand on JOHANA'S stomach.
speaker_heading: BONITA
dialog: Did you tell him?
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: Not yet... I'm waiting for the right
dialog: moment.
speaker_heading: BONITA
dialog: ... You take care of yourself,
dialog: Johana.
text: BONITA smiles at her and disappears down the stairs.
scene_heading: EXT. COMMITTEE BOAT - DOCKING - DAY
scene_heading: Officials, NOVELLI, LAWRENCE, ROBERTO and of course ENZO
text: disembark. There is a lot of excitement on the dock.
text: Everyone has already heard the news.
text: People swarm around ENZO.
text: LAWRENCE spots JACQUES in the crowd, and goes to him.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Good huh?
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: He really was unbelievable, 328
dialog: feet, deeper than the world
dialog: record...
dialog: (then eagerly)
dialog: ... And, Jacques! He held his
dialog: breath for four minutes and fifty
dialog: seconds!
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: (smiles too)
dialog: Good... I guess I have tomorrow's
dialog: work cut out for me as Enzo would
dialog: say...
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (seriously)
dialog: You must be very careful, Jacques.
dialog: At these depths, to hold your breath
dialog: for over five minutes is... You'd
dialog: really be pushing it. I think it's
dialog: very, very dangerous.
text: JACQUES sees ENZO being carried past on the shoulders of
text: the crowd. He ignores LAWRENCE, runs beside ENZO.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Enzo, Enzo! Congratulations!
scene_heading: EXT. AWARD CEREMONY - NIGHT
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (in answer to the
dialog: crowd's applause)
dialog: Thank you, thank you very much!
text: ENZO and NOVELLI stand on a little stage facing the crowd.
text: ENZO is holding a gold trophy, waving to friends in the
dialog: audience.
speaker_heading: NOVELLI
dialog: ... Now I'm sure you've heard that
dialog: some people have suggested it is too
dialog: dangerous for us to continue.
dialog: Dangerous, because we don't know how
dialog: to measure the physiological
dialog: consequences of this type of dive
dialog: and also because the scuba divers
dialog: are not used to going down below 300
dialog: feet.
text: While the attentive crowd listens to NOVELLI, ENZO is
text: gesturing to ROBERTO, explaining what appetizers he wants
text: from the cocktail trays.
text: The crowd laughs.
speaker_heading: NOVELLI
dialog: But, we polled the free divers and
dialog: they insist that the competition
dialog: continue!
text: There's wild applause. ENZO lifts the trophy over his
text: head, smiles like a champ and yells into the microphone.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Good luck to you all!
scene_heading: EXT. COMMITTEE BOAT - DAY
text: ENZO and ROBERTO are on the front deck watching the
dialog: divers.
text: A German diver comes up to the surface, empty handed.
speaker_heading: ENZO smiles.
text: The Tahitian comes out of the water in a semi-coma. The
text: doctors carry him away. Once he's sure that the diver is
text: out of danger, ENZO smiles again.
text: A whole team of Japanese walk over to the diving platform.
text: The team consists of one diver and six assistants, three
text: of them playing music to help the diver concentrate. The
text: diver wears a white wet suit with a red circle on his
text: forehead. He is concentrating very hard, so much that
text: ENZO walks over to him to make sure he's okay. The
text: Japanese diver concentrates with such strength that he
text: faints.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (smiling to his
dialog: brother)
dialog: Fabulous, what a dive, huh?
text: ROBERTO smiles.
text: The diver from the Philippines stands at the end of the
text: diving platform. He concentrates for a moment then gives
text: up and walks away.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: He's right. What's the point of
dialog: knocking yourself out?
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - JACQUES - JOHANA - NIGHT
text: They're in bed, side by side, both of them half asleep.
text: The only light in the room comes from the open windows.
text: He rolls over and watches her sleep, looking down at her
text: adoringly. He slips off the chain with the gold coin.
text: Slowly, holding the chain, he runs the coin gently over
text: her body, stops at the level of her stomach and lets it
text: rest there. She opens her eyes and looks at him,
text: wondering if he senses something.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: (softly)
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: I'm putting you on the coin... Your
dialog: essence... That way you'll always be
dialog: with me when I dive.
text: She smiles, closes her eyes. He swings the coin over her
text: face gently, some kind of private ceremony. She looks
text: just a little intimidated.
text: The coin is now dangling in front of her mouth. She
text: hesitates then opens her mouth, JACQUES lets the coin
dialog: slide into it.
scene_heading: EXT. COMMITTEE BOAT - DAY
text: JACQUES walks up to the diving platform.
text: LAWRENCE has fixed scientific equipment on his chest.
text: JACQUES wets and slowly puts them on.
text: ENZO watches from the deck, his expression has changed.
text: JOHANA, on the deck also, opposite ENZO, watches a little
text: worried. JACQUES concentrates then releases the gueuse
text: and lets himself disappear under the water.
speaker_heading: UNDERWATER
text: JACQUES dives down very fast. The control takes place at
text: 200 feet, the doctors check him and let him go. He
text: continues his descent, it's getting darker and darker
text: around him.
text: The gueuse stops at the level of the underwater platform,
text: just below the diver, who swims over to him in a sea of
text: bubbles from his oxygen bottles. He asks JACQUES if he is
text: alright, JACQUES nods and gives him a huge smile before
dialog: swimming off, downwards!
text: The diver realizes and starts after him. He grabs JACQUES
text: by one of his fins and pulls him back to the round
text: platform. JACQUES lets go of the balloon.
text: The diver panics. JACQUES slowly motions that everything
text: is fine and slowly paddles up to the surface.
scene_heading: EXT. COMMITTEE BOAT - DAY
text: The boat's huge stop watch indicates min: 4:50, then
text: 5:00, then 5:10. JACQUES has been down there for over 5
dialog: minutes.
text: JOHANA is worried sick. ENZO doesn't know what to make of
text: it and LAWRENCE feels completely helpless. The stopwatch
text: indicates 5:20, then 5:25 and JACQUES, half unconscious,
text: brakes through the surface of the water.
text: JOHANA screams and cries with joy when she sees him. The
text: crowd applauds. ENZO is somber.
text: NOVELLI takes the plaque from JACQUES' hands and turns to
dialog: the crowd.
speaker_heading: NOVELLI
dialog: (stunned)
dialog: 360 feet! He dove 360 feet!!!
text: The crowd cheers in excitement.
text: ENZO is sullen. LAWRENCE is very worried.
scene_heading: EXT. ON PORT - END OF THE DAY
text: There's a pile of gear on the dock.
text: ENZO is in the boat loading one piece of luggage at a
text: time, JACQUES comes up to the boat. Parked in the
text: background, we see a taxi waiting with JOHANA sitting in
text: the back seat. ENZO pretends not to notice JACQUES'
dialog: arrival.
text: JACQUES watches him for a moment then finally dares to
dialog: speak.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: (pointing at taxi)
dialog: ... There's a party at the hotel
dialog: tonight.
text: ENZO keeps loading up the boat.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (busy)
dialog: That's good.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: Enzo, don't be angry. I was
dialog: lucky... that's all.
text: ENZO throws the last duffel bag into the cockpit.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (serious)
dialog: I'll see you in Amorgos.
text: ENZO turns around and jumps onto his boat.
text: JACQUES walks off the dock, past the cab. JOHANA opens
text: the door to let him in, but he keeps walking.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: Jacques...?
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: You go back, I'll walk.
text: He walks off.
scene_heading: EXT. MARINELAND - DOLPHIN POOL - ANTIBES - NIGHT
text: The park is empty as JACQUES approaches the pool.
text: TINA the dolphin, jumps out of the water, swims to meet
text: JACQUES. JACQUES pats her and kneels to talk to TINA
speaker_heading: NINA.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: (sadly)
dialog: I won today. I dove very deep,
dialog: Tina.
text: The dolphin giggles.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: What's so funny? Can you dive
dialog: deeper?
text: The dolphin nods "yes".
text: JACQUES smiles.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: So you understand everything?
text: The dolphin nods.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: That's good... So tell me why
dialog: they're all angry at me? Why is
dialog: Enzo angry? I never wanted to
dialog: compete with him. I never wanted to
dialog: be champion of anything... All I
dialog: want is to escape from them all...
text: For just a few minutes, no people...
text: No noise... Nothing but the sea.
text: The dolphin nods and giggles.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: Do you really understand me? Huh?
dialog: Are we actually having a
dialog: conversation here?
text: Again the dolphin nods "yes".
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: All right then, tell me: can I ever
dialog: dive as deep as you? Stay under as
dialog: long...?
text: A beat. Then the dolphin nods "yes".
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: Are you sure?
text: The two other dolphins stick their heads out of the water.
text: They all nod together.
text: JACQUES is awed and perplexed at the same time.
scene_heading: EXT. AMORGOS - DAY
text: The little town of Amorgos is beautiful, mountainous.
text: It's surrounded by a luminous turquoise sea, with white
text: villas clinging to hillsides. There is a small port. (we
text: saw it in the opening sequence) Further along the coast,
text: we see the Diving Federation Committee Boat surrounded by
dialog: all sorts of activity.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - JACQUES - JOHANA - DAY
text: Through the open windows we can see parts of the village
text: where JACQUES grew up. He's staring out the window, lost
text: in his own thoughts.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: It's beautiful, isn't it?
text: Behind him, JOHANA is hiding and throwing up. He walks to
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: What's wrong?
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: It's nothing. Just the long trip.
dialog: I'm a little jet-lagged.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: You want to lie down for a while?
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: No, I'll be fine. Can you just hand
dialog: me a glass of water?
text: While JACQUES gets her the water, JOHANA stares at the
dialog: view.
scene_heading: EXT. ENZO'S BOAT - IN THE LITTLE PORT
text: ROBERTO stands on the port, waiting for his brother.
text: Suddenly the sound of a motor boat and twelve note horn
text: echoes in the bay.
text: The boat has just arrived at the town dock.
text: ENZO, tears rolling down his cheeks from the wind, throws
text: a duffel bag on the dock and looks up at ROBERTO.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Is he here?
speaker_heading: ROBERTO
dialog: (uncomfortable)
dialog: He's training.
text: ENZO makes a face.
scene_heading: EXT. SMALL PORT - DAY
text: JOHANA sits on the little dock in front of the hotel.
text: JACQUES pulls on his fins, looks out into the water.
text: She clutches a stopwatch, ready to set it off.
text: A few yards behind, hidden between two bungalows, ENZO
text: watches them. JACQUES takes a few deep breaths and dives
text: a few feet underwater.
text: JOHANA starts the stopwatch.
text: ENZO, who sees JACQUES disappear, walks over to JOHANA and
text: sits down beside her.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Okay, now we have a good five
dialog: minutes to have a nice peaceful
dialog: talk.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: ENZO
text: Checking out the competition.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: Enzo, why do you guys do this?
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (teasing)
dialog: What else is there?
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: (seriously)
dialog: You know what I'm talking about.
dialog: Why do you and Jacques risk your
dialog: lives diving?
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (avoiding the
dialog: question)
dialog: You risk your life when you cross
dialog: the street.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: (frustrated)
dialog: Damn it! Why won't you give me a
dialog: straight answer, for once?!
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Because you'd laugh.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: I won't, I swear.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (seriously)
dialog: I dive in search of God. If I go
dialog: deep enough I'm going to find him.
dialog: To me, the sea is a religion... That
dialog: surprises you, doesn't it?
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: (looking down at
dialog: Jacques in the
dialog: water)
dialog: A little... You think it's the same
dialog: for Jacques?
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: No. Jacques is a creature of the
dialog: sea. He isn't meant to live on
dialog: earth, among us... You should know
dialog: this, Johana.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: (reassuring herself)
text: He can learn. He is learning.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: You really think so? Did you tell
dialog: him you were pregnant?
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: How do you know that?
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: You told Bonita, but you didn't tell
dialog: him, right?
text: JOHANA shakes her head negatively.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: ... Not yet.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Don't.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Because he won't understand and it
dialog: will just hurt you... Jacques has
dialog: been put on earth by complete
text: mistake. And he's only waiting for
dialog: one thing: that some God up there
dialog: will turn him into a fish! How long
dialog: has that moron been down there?
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: (looking at the
dialog: stopwatch)
text: Five minutes and fifty seconds.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (grabbing away the
dialog: stopwatch)
dialog: That idiot!
text: They jump up. ENZO dives into the water.
text: As JOHANA watches panicky, ENZO pulls JACQUES up onto the
text: dock, in his arms. JACQUES is unconscious.
text: ENZO is furious. The fear of loosing his friend has
text: absolutely enraged him. He starts pacing up and down the
dialog: dock.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: Is he alright? What happened?
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (furious)
dialog: The fool was asleep! If I weren't
dialog: around, he'd already be dead!!! Is
dialog: that who you want to live with?
dialog: Well, good luck! You better learn
dialog: to look after him because I won't
dialog: always be here to do it!
text: Once again he marches off, then comes back.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: (mumbling)
dialog: ... How long was I asleep?
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (to Jacques)
dialog: Long enough to die. Listen, if you
dialog: really want to die, that's your
dialog: problem, but don't do it under my
dialog: nose, okay?
text: A few steps away, then coming back.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (to Jacques)
dialog: I'll never let you take away my
dialog: title. D'you hear me? Never!
text: ENZO stalks off defiantly.
scene_heading: EXT. COMMITTEE BOAT - ANCHORED OFF THE COAST
text: There's activity. The competition has begun.
speaker_heading: MUSIC
text: A SERIES OF QUICK SHOTS of different competitors at
text: various points in their dives.
text: The Tahitian comes up unconscious.
text: The German comes up unconscious.
dialog: So does the diver from the Philippines.
text: NOVELLI doesn't know what to think.
scene_heading: EXT. TERRACE OF RESTAURANT - JACQUES - JOHANA - SUNSET
text: JACQUES is in a T-shirt and jeans, rope-sole sandals.
text: JOHANA wears a light white cotton dress. They both sit on
text: the restaurant's terrace overlooking the sea.
text: Below them, a small boat passes. In it are baskets filled
text: with sponges. JACQUES stares at them for a long time.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: Do you ever sometimes just stop and
dialog: think how sweet life can be?
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: ... Sure.
text: JOHANA wants to say something.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: ... When you dive... with that
dialog: machine... What does it feel like?
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: (after thinking about
dialog: it)
dialog: ... The feeling of slipping without
dialog: falling... The hardest is once you
text: are at the bottom.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: Because you have to find a good
dialog: reason to come back up again... And
dialog: I always have a hard time finding
dialog: one.
text: JOHANA has never looked so sad and lost.
text: JACQUES doesn't notice.
text: ENZO who is sitting at the piano behind them, starts to
text: play, staring at the sea.
text: JACQUES and JOHANA turn around and look at him.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: ... You should start playing the
dialog: piano, the piano is really
text: refreshing, it clears the sinuses.
dialog: Very good the piano! Tomorrow is
dialog: going to be a big day!
scene_heading: EXT. COMMITTEE BOAT UNDERWAY - ON JACQUES
text: He's alone in the bow. The others are clustered in the
text: saloon, cockpit in the stern. The boat is moving close to
text: the cliffs. The monastery looms above them.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON JACQUES
text: He's scanning the apparently abandoned monastery searching
dialog: for signs of life.
text: A red and blue taxi-boat pulls up alongside the Committee
text: Boat. In it, LAWRENCE waits to climb on board.
scene_heading: EXT. DIVING PLATFORM - DAY
text: ENZO puts his flippers on and grabs his gueuse. He is
text: serious, concentrating hard.
text: LAWRENCE'S boat slides along the big Committee Boat and
text: the DOCTOR climbs onto it.
scene_heading: INT. COMMITTEE BOAT - LAWRENCE - NOVELLI - OTHERS
text: LAWRENCE'S briefcase is open. There's a stack of graph
text: paper on a cabin table.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: ... When I analyzed the data from
dialog: Mayol's last dive, it became
dialog: apparent...
dialog: (taps the graph
dialog: paper)
dialog: ... At the depths these men are
dialog: diving, it is a physiological
dialog: impossibility that they can retain
dialog: enough oxygen in their blood to make
text: it back to the surface. It's a
dialog: function of how long it takes to get
text: to the bottom, orient themselves and
dialog: to return... To attempt to break
text: Mayol's record is simple suicide.
dialog: (to Novelli)
dialog: For the last time. I'm telling you
dialog: cancel the competition.
text: NOVELLI and the MEDIC look over at the diving platform
speaker_heading: where ENZO is concentrating.
speaker_heading: MEDIC
dialog: Molinari's a seventeen time world
dialog: champion. Do you want to tell him
dialog: he can't dive.
text: LAWRENCE doesn't answer. NOVELLI is thinking.
speaker_heading: NOVELLI
dialog: Get Mayol in here.
scene_heading: EXT. DIVING PLATFORM - ENZO
text: ENZO is preparing. He sits at the edge of the platform
text: hyperventilating, almost in a trance.
text: We see JACQUES in the background, talking to NOVELLI, he
text: then walks over to ENZO and climbs down next to him.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: Enzo?
dialog: (no response)
dialog: Enzo... I know you're angry at me.
dialog: (no response)
dialog: Enzo, it's important.
text: ENZO opens one eye.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: I'm concentrating.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: We can't dive anymore. They want to
dialog: cancel the competition for a while.
text: ENZO looks at him coldly. Takes another deep breath.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: (rushing on)
dialog: It's not safe, they say. The
dialog: doctors say it isn't possible to go
dialog: deeper and live. Free diving is
dialog: over as a sport.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: You say that because you have the
dialog: title!
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: No! I would never cheat you.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Well that's very nice of you.
text: He takes a last breath, signs himself and reaching for the
text: gueuse, disappears into the water.
text: LAWRENCE, NOVELLI, the MEDICS, and others are arguing.
text: LAWRENCE is furious that ENZO is diving. NOVELLI is
text: balling out his assistants.
text: JACQUES is on the platform watching the others as if they
text: were a gaggle of geese. He listens to the sound of the
text: gueuse playing out, watches the depth indicator, the
text: stopwatches. He knows something is wrong.
text: He walks over to the edge and grabs hold of a little
text: oxygen bottle which is there for security. He takes a few
text: breaths of the oxygen as he puts on his flippers and dives
text: down after ENZO.
scene_heading: UNDERWATER - JACQUES
text: JACQUES pulls himself down the cable, hand over hand.
text: 80 or 90 feet down he sees a group of MEDICS coming toward
text: him carrying ENZO'S unconscious body.
text: JACQUES struggles with them, pushes them away, takes ENZO
text: in his arms and climbs toward the surface, frantic,
text: screaming silently at him, desperate to get away from the
text: flow of air bubbles from the scuba tanks, the commotion,
dialog: the memory of death.
text: ENZO has a big serene smile on his face. The MEDICS push
text: both divers toward the surface.
text: As if they were on land, JACQUES starts shaking ENZO to
text: wake him up. He then slaps his face but ENZO remains
text: unconscious.
text: They finally break the surface in each others arms.
scene_heading: EXT. ON DIVING PLATFORM
text: They pull ENZO out of the water. The doctors open his
text: jacket. ENZO motions to JACQUES to come close. He still
text: has that long smile.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (faintly)
dialog: You were right.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: (moved)
dialog: ... I was right about what?
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: (after a long
dialog: silence)
dialog: ... It is much better down there.
dialog: It's a better place.
text: He tries to take a deep breath, the effort is exhausting.
text: JACQUES smiles, holding back his tears.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: ... Push me back in the water...
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: (crying)
dialog: I can't.
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: Jacques, take me back down...
dialog: Please.
text: His smile freezes, he stops breathing. His eyes close.
text: JACQUES puts his head down on his friend's chest and sobs.
text: The doctors gently try to move him away, but JACQUES
dialog: resists.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Just give him five minutes! What
dialog: does it matter now, anyway... Come
dialog: on, just leave him alone!
text: LAWRENCE encourages everybody to leave the platform.
text: JACQUES quickly grabs the nearest rope and ties it to his
text: belt. Before anybody can stop him, JACQUES rolls ENZO'S
text: body back into the water and dives after it.
scene_heading: UNDERWATER - JACQUES
text: He holds ENZO in his arms. Lets the dead weight of the
text: body pull him down, deeper and deeper. The rope around
text: JACQUES' waist runs out, stops his descent with an abrupt
text: jerk. When he feels it, JACQUES lets go... watches as
text: ENZO'S body continues to drift by itself into the
text: bottomless blue...
scene_heading: EXT. DIVING PLATFORM
text: The doctors have run over and are pulling the cable that
text: JACQUES is attached to. He is unconscious when they pull
text: him up. They hold him up by his feet. JACQUES throws up
text: gallons of water. They put an oxygen mask on his face.
speaker_heading: A DOCTOR
dialog: (listening to his
dialog: heartbeat)
dialog: The heart is going to stop! The
text: stimulator, quickly.
text: Suddenly, everything collapses for JACQUES. Sounds
text: disappear. The image slows down, the light fades.
text: JACQUES only hears his heartbeat, which slows down.
text: His heart stops.
text: Among the crowd around him, he sees JOHANA, fresh, gentle,
text: smiling. Her movements are smooth and slowed down. She
text: smiles at him, simply. JACQUES smiles back. The heart
text: starts again slowly.
text: The image goes back to normal.
text: Sounds multiply (doctors, the panic, etc...) and slowly
dialog: come back.
text: JACQUES falls unconscious.
speaker_heading: A DOCTOR
dialog: The heart started again! It's all
dialog: right!
text: NOVELLI falls back in his chair, relieved.
scene_heading: INT. JACQUES' ROOM - NIGHT
text: JACQUES is lying on the bed, he has a strong fever.
text: JOHANA sits at his feet.
text: LAWRENCE rummages through a medical kit. He takes a pill
text: from a bottle and gives it to him.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Take this. Have a good sleep.
text: JACQUES swallows the pills. JOHANA walks over from the
dialog: balcony.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Sweet dreams.
text: LAWRENCE motions to JOHANA that they should let him sleep.
text: He goes out of the room.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: (tenderly to Johana,
dialog: who had started to
dialog: leave the room)
dialog: Kiss me.
text: JOHANA bends over and kisses him.
text: JACQUES holds her by the arm, doesn't want her to leave.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: Sleep now. We'll talk later.
text: JOHANA kisses him on the forehead and leaves the room.
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL BAR - ON TERRACE - LAWRENCE - JOHANA
text: They're at the little zinc bar. Not talking, not really
text: drinking either, just toying with their glasses.
text: ROBERTO passes, stops.
speaker_heading: ROBERTO
dialog: I've packed all of... Enzo's
dialog: clothes.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: I'm going to the radio telephone...
dialog: (swallowing)
dialog: ... to call Mamma.
text: They watch sadly as he leaves.
scene_heading: INT. JACQUES ROOM - NIGHT
text: JACQUES sitting up in bed finally lies down under the
text: sheets. He turns off the light by the bed.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL RESTAURANT - LAWRENCE - JOHANA
text: They've moved from the bar to the table. There is uneaten
text: food in front of them. A third place is set.
text: JOHANA looks at the wall clock.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: I'll go see how he's doing.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Let him sleep.
scene_heading: INT. JACQUES ROOM - JACQUES
text: JACQUES is lying on the bed, he is not moving anymore. He
text: is breathing loudly, as if tired out. From his POV the
text: room becomes very dark and blue. The noise is unbearable.
text: The ceiling turns into water.
text: JACQUES' eyes are wide open. His face is sweating. The
text: water level, from the ceiling, comes down to him, until he
text: is swallowed by it.
text: As he falls into the water, we see a dolphin gulping air
text: at the surface and going back very quickly to the blue.
text: The dolphin meets his group, about ten of them, 250 Kg of
text: muscles, swimming at more than 40 km/H underwater. They
text: all break through the surface to gulp air regularly.
text: Suddenly, one of them, leaves the group. He crosses the
text: blue and seems to make sonar-like sounds. We see a sonar
text: picture. It's an image in which the dolphin will appear a
text: few seconds later. The dolphin comes up like a rocket,
text: gulps air and goes back down.
text: The sonar image appears again. Finally, the dolphin,
text: locates a group of fish and starts hunting them, exactly
text: like a war plane. He manages to break the group in two,
text: then in four, and this way, he isolates his victim.
text: He breaks the surface to gulp air and goes back down. He
text: goes full power. The fish he is after are even more
text: divided. There is only one left, totally lost and in a
dialog: panic.
text: The exhausted fish is swallowed.
text: The dolphin slows down, goes back up, breaks the surface
text: in slow motion. Images becomes pale and bright.
text: He screams inhumanly.
text: Image is white, black, silence.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - JACQUES
text: JOHANA opens the shutters.
text: The room is a shamble of broken glass, water pitcher and
text: glasses, lamps and vases. The windows are blown out.
text: JACQUES is lying in bed. There is a thin trickle of blood
text: coming from his nose and ears.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: (in a panic)
dialog: Jacques... Are you alright?
scene_heading: EXT. DOCK - JACQUES - JOHANA - NIGHT
text: JACQUES jumps into ENZO'S boat.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: (still worried)
dialog: Jacques? Are you alright? Answer
dialog: me! Are you alright?
text: She jumps down into ENZO'S boat. He starts the engine.
text: The boat is racing out of the port. JOHANA yells over the
text: sound of the engine.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: You've got to tell me what happened?
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: I saw how it has to be.
text: JACQUES parks the boat in front of the COMMITTEE BOAT'S
text: DIVING PLATFORM. He turns on the platform lights: above
text: and underwater. He throws down the diving cable: 60, 90,
dialog: 120 feet...
text: JACQUES gets undressed and sits down in the lotus
dialog: position, concentrating...
text: JOHANA sits down a few feet away and watches him,
dialog: wondering just how far he is going to push this whole
dialog: thing.
text: As the cable unrolls, JOHANA starts crying. She
text: understands that JACQUES is going to dive to the bottom,
text: into the blue, into himself.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: Jacques, you know I love you.
text: JACQUES is putting on his flippers, and stands facing his
dialog: gueuse.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: (after a silence)
dialog: Don't be sad... It's not because of
dialog: you, it's me. It's all going on
dialog: inside me!
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: I've gotta go and see.
text: JOHANA starts pacing up and down the diving platform.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: See what? There is nothing to see!
dialog: It's pitch black down there! It's
dialog: cold. You'll be all alone! Look at
dialog: me, Jacques! I am here! I exist!
dialog: Look!!!
dialog: (she starts waving
dialog: her arms)
dialog: I'm real! I am not a dream!
dialog: Jacques will you look at me?
dialog: (she breaks down)
dialog: Please!
text: JACQUES has not moved, he still sits motionless, facing
text: his gueuse.
text: JOHANA doesn't know what to do or say. She is totally
dialog: drained.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: Jacques? I'm pregnant.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: That's good... that's wonderful.
dialog: It's wonderful for you.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: You are the father.
text: Silence. JACQUES is petrified, without any reaction. He
text: doesn't understand. She realizes it's hopeless and stares
text: at the sea.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: (after a while)
dialog: I lied... to keep you here.
text: She kisses him.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: Promise me one thing.
speaker_heading: JACQUES
dialog: Anything.
speaker_heading: JOHANA
dialog: Promise you won't forget me.
text: She pulls the line releasing the gueuse.
text: JACQUES takes a deep breath and grabbing hold of the
text: gueuse, disappears into the water -- as if swallowed by
dialog: the ocean.
speaker_heading: UNDERWATER
text: JACQUES slides along the cable, pulled by the weight of
text: the gueuse. He has a beautiful smile on his face. He is
text: in his element. Night has closed in around him. He turns
text: on the headlight of the gueuse, it casts a dim light
text: around him.
scene_heading: EXT. DIVING PLATFORM - NIGHT
text: JOHANA has walked over to the edge of the platform. She
text: is holding the cable, to "hear" JACQUES' descent.
text: The counter shows that JACQUES is quickly passing the 300
text: feet mark.
speaker_heading: UNDERWATER
text: JACQUES keeps going down, as serene as ever. He has
dialog: gained a lot of speed.
scene_heading: EXT. DIVING PLATFORM - NIGHT
text: JOHANA holds her face in her hands. The counter indicates
text: that JACQUES is going very fast.
speaker_heading: UNDERWATER
text: The gueuse jerks to a stop and shakes the cable. JACQUES
text: turns his body right side up.
scene_heading: EXT. DIVING PLATFORM - NIGHT
text: The counter now indicates a depth of 600 feet.
text: JOHANA has felt the jolt of the cable. She cries her
text: tears and looks down at the water.
speaker_heading: UNDERWATER
text: The headlight on the gueuse illuminates only a few feet
text: around JACQUES, as if he were standing in a circle of
text: light. He stays there, patiently floating around and
text: around his cable... as if he were waiting for something.
text: A long form circles the border between the darkness and
dialog: the light.
text: JACQUES holds out his hand. A dolphin comes and presses
text: its body against it. Two other dolphins come out of the
text: night. JACQUES watches in amazement.
text: A dolphin lays his muzzle in JACQUES' hand, ready to lead
text: him off. JACQUES hesitates.
text: JACQUES lets go of the cable and lets himself be led away.
text: Their silhouettes disappear in the deep blue night.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
