dialog: "THE MUMMY"
dialog: by
dialog: Stephen Sommers
dialog: 
text: The UNIVERSAL PICTURES globe spins. Then comes to a stop on
text: the African continent. A golden papyrus MAP of ANCIENT EGYPT
text: rises up. WE PUSH IN on it, towards a CITY along the Nile,
text: it's name written in hierarchic. WE KEEP PUSHING IN until
text: the golden map turns to golden sand and we find ourselves
text: DESCENDING on this ancient Egyptian city. Only it's not
dialog: ancient.
text: SUPERIMPOSED across the SCREEN are the WORDS.
speaker_heading: THEBES - 2,134 B.C
text: Accompanied by a NARRATOR with a very thick Egyptian accent:
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: Thebes. City of the Living. Crown
dialog: jewel of Pharaoh Seti the First.
text: The CAMERA sets-down in an open plaza. An Arabian horse-drawn
text: CHARIOT comes barreling right at us, driven by PHARAOH SETI;
text: an aristocratic, virile old man. The chariot WIPES FRAME.
scene_heading: INT. ANCK-SU-NAMUN'S BALCONY WINDOW - PALACE - DUSK
text: Glaring out over the city at the setting sun is a handsome,
text: muscular MAN with intense, evil eyes. This is IMHOTEP.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: Home of Imhotep, High Priest of
dialog: Osiris, Keeper of the Dead.
text: A gorgeous, olive-skinned goddess enters the outer foyer. It
text: takes us a moment to realize that the skin-tight dress she's
text: wearing isn't a dress at all, but rather her entire naked
text: body has been PAINTED in the ancient Egyptian manner She's a
text: stunning sight to behold. This is ANCK-SU-NAMUN.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
text: Birthplace of Anck-su-namun. Pharaoh's
dialog: Mistress. No other man was allowed
dialog: to touch her.
text: She makes her way through the ornate statuary. The CAMERA
text: comes to a stop on a CRACKED STONE FACE. A BEAT. And then
text: it's eyes suddenly POP OPEN. It's really a strange looking
text: TATTOOED MAN. Several more of these hideous, bald MEN stand
text: nearby. They are the PRIESTS of Osiris. Imhotep's guys. Their
text: eyes watch Anck-su-namun vanish through the bedroom curtains.
text: Anck-su-namun embraces Imhotep, they kiss passionately,
text: feverishly. Imhotep's hands roam over her perfect body,
text: smearing the paint. The Narrator's VOICE fills with lust:
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: But for our love, we were willing to
dialog: risk life itself.
text: And we realize that the Narrator is actually Imhotep himself
text: on the other-side of the curtains, the bald Priests rush
text: over and close the doors. But just as they do, the doors
text: suddenly BURST OPEN. Pharaoh angrily strides in, looks at
scene_heading: the Priests. The following DIALOGUE is in ANCIENT EGYPTIAN, --
text: SUBTITLED.
speaker_heading: PHARAOH
dialog: What are you doing here?
text: The Priests back away, scared shitless, obviously his arrival
text: was unexpected. Pharaoh strides for the curtains. Throws
dialog: them back.
text: Anck-su-namun stands alone. Gives him a sexy smile. Pharaoh
text: sees the smeared body paint. Points his finger.
speaker_heading: PHARAOH
dialog: WHO HAS TOUCHED YOU?!
text: From behind him, his sword is ripped out of its scabbard.
text: Pharaoh spins around. It's Imhotep. Pharaoh is shocked.
speaker_heading: PHARAOH
dialog: Imhotep?... My priest.
text: Behind him, Anck-su-namun lifts a dagger and plunges it into
text: his back.
text: Pharaoh SCREAMS. Imhotep raises Pharaoh's sword. The hideous
text: bald Priests SLAM the doors and bolt them tight. Through the
text: curtains, they see the SHADOWS of Anck-su-namun and Imhotep
text: stab away at Pharaoh. Suddenly, the doors are RAMMED from
text: the other side, --WHAM! Imhotep and Anck-su-namun turn and
text: look. --WHAM! The doors are RAMMED again. The two lovers
text: share desperate looks. --WHAM! The bald Priests run up and
text: grab Imhotep and try and pull him towards the balcony.
speaker_heading: PRIESTS
dialog: Pharaoh's bodyguards!
text: Imhotep tries to break free, but Anck-su-namun rips Pharaoh's
text: sword out of his hand and pushes him towards the balcony.
speaker_heading: ANCK-SU-NAMUN
dialog: You must go. Save yourself. Only you
dialog: can resurrect me.
text: Imhotep's face fills with despair. The DOORS EXPLODE OPEN.
text: MEN with BLUE-TINTED SKIN and strange PUZZLE-TATTOOS over
text: their bodies stride in, armed to the teeth. These are the
text: MUMIA. The Priests hustle Imhotep out onto the dark balcony
text: just as the Mumia rip through the curtains.
text: Anck-su-namun points at Pharaoh and hisses --
speaker_heading: ANCK-SU-NAMUN
dialog: My body is no longer his temple!
text: She PLUNGES the sword into her own heart. Out on the balcony,
text: Imhotep's mouth opens into a horrible silent scream...
speaker_heading: NARRATOR/IMHOTEP
text: For murdering Pharaoh, Anck-su-namun's
dialog: body was to be cursed. And it was I,
dialog: the High Priest, whose duty it was
dialog: to curse it.
scene_heading: EXT. SAND DUNES - NIGHT
text: Imhotep leads-a TORCH-LIT procession across the dunes. Anck-
text: su-namun's mummy is carried by NUBIAN SLAVES. They put her
text: down in the sand along with FIVE JEWEL ENCRUSTED JARS.
speaker_heading: IMHOTEP
text: Her body was mummified, her vital
dialog: organs removed and placed in sacred
text: canopic jars.
text: Imhotep, filled with dread, reads from a OBOOKO made out of
text: pure GOLD. THIS IS THE BOOK OF THE LIVING.
speaker_heading: IMHOTEP
dialog: The Book of The Living contained
dialog: sacred incantations that would send
text: the evil dead on a journey into the
dialog: dark underworld.
text: Strange LIGHT suddenly FLASHES across the faces of the slaves
text: and the EGYPTIAN SOLDIERS. Suddenly, everyone's fear-filled
text: eyes all rise, as if watching Anck-su-namun's body rising.
text: Then one last HUGE FLASH, accompanied by a BLAST OF WIND,
text: and it's over. Anck-su-namun's body now lies twisted on the
dialog: ground.
text: Imhotep's Priests place the body into a stone sarcophagus.
text: The Nubian slaves lower it into a hole and bury it with sand.
text: Imhotep then signals to the Soldiers, who throw their spears
text: at the Nubians. Killing them.
speaker_heading: IMHOTEP
dialog: The slaves were killed...
text: Imhotep's knife-wielding Priests attack the now unarmed
text: Soldiers, hacking at them in the flickering darkness as
text: Imhotep and the Mumia solemnly watches.
speaker_heading: IMHOTEP
dialog: ...and the soldiers who killed them
dialog: were also slain, so that no unholy
dialog: person should ever know the exact
dialog: location of the burial site.
text: The Mumia walk off across the sand and then, one by one, the
text: Priests stop their frenzied stabbing and stare off at the
text: vanishing Mumia. As the last Mumia disappears over a distant
text: dune, Imhotep nods, and the Priests leap onto Anck-su-namun's
text: grave and begin digging it back up with their hands.
scene_heading: EXT. SAHARA DESERT - NIGHT
text: CHARIOTS race out into the moonlit desert. Imhotep leads the
text: way. A "hearse" carries Anck-su-namun's mummy. THE MAP OF
text: ANCIENT EGYPT FADES UP. The chariots race across the map.
speaker_heading: IMHOTEP
dialog: But there was another book, The Book
dialog: Of The Dead, which was never to be
dialog: opened, never to be read, for it
dialog: contained the incantations that could
text: bring a dead body back to life a
dialog: most unholy thing.
text: The chariots arrive at a place marked on the map in hieratic.
text: They race up the stone ramp and in through the city gates.
text: SUPERIMPOSED across the SCREEN are the WORDS:
scene_heading: HAMUNAPTRA - City of the Dead
speaker_heading: IMHOTEP
dialog: It was hidden at Hamunaptra, City of
text: the Dead, inside the statue of Anubis,
dialog: so that no such sacrilege might ever
dialog: disgrace Egypt.
scene_heading: EXT. HAMUNAPTRA - ANUBIS SITE - NIGHT
text: Imhotep pulls an ORNATE CHEST out of a SECRET COMPARTMENT
text: inside the giant STATUE OF ANUBIS. He opens the chest and
text: lifts out THE BOOK OF THE DEAD, made of black stone.
speaker_heading: IMHOTEP
dialog: But for my love of Anck-su-namun I
dialog: was willing to defy the gods.
scene_heading: INT. UNDERGROUND NECROPOLIS - NIGHT
text: Big hairy RATS scurry through the mausoleums and over the
text: headstones of this very large, scary, UNDERGROUND CEMETERY.
text: A DETRITUS MOAT surrounds the cemetery, -- muck made out of
text: filthy water and human remains. Skulls bob in the goop. The
text: Priests have gathered in a circle. Their hooded, lifeless
text: eyes seem dead to this world. Their bald heads rock back and
text: forth as they CHANT, a quiet eerie HUM. Heinous creatures.
text: In the middle of the circle is a strange, twisted ALTAR.
text: Imhotep has unwrapped Anck-su-namun's gorgeous, lifeless
text: body and placed her five sacred canopic jars around her.
speaker_heading: IMHOTEP
text: Anck-su-namun's vital organs were
dialog: still fresh, so a human sacrifice
dialog: would not need be made.
text: As Imhotep begins to read from The Book of The Dead, a large
text: SWIRLING HOLE starts to open in the detritus bog. Several
text: Priests look over at it, frightened, then quickly look back
text: down and resume CHANTING. A strange MIST wafts up out of the
text: swirling hole and over to the jars, it passes through them
text: and into Anck-su-namun's body. One of the jars SHUDDERS, the
text: heart inside begins to BEAT. The CHANTING PRIESTS, SWIRLING
text: HOLE, WAFTING MIST, BEATING HEART and IMHOTEP'S READINGS are
text: reaching a crescendo. Anck-su-namun's EYES suddenly FLY OPEN.
speaker_heading: IMHOTEP
dialog: Anck-su-namun soul had come back
dialog: from the dead! Now all that was
dialog: needed, was to return her organs to
text: their rightful place within her body.
text: Imhotep lifts a sacrificial knife above Anck-su-namun's
text: breast, about to plunge it down. The CHANTING, SWIRLING and
text: BEATING heart CLIMAX. And that's when the Mumia BURST IN and
text: storm through the startled Priests. The HEAD MUMIA SMASHES
text: the jar with the beating heart. The MIST instantly sucks
text: back out of Anck-su-namun's body and IMPLODES back into the
text: swirling hole.
text: Anck-su-namun's eyes close. Dying once again. Imhotep SCREAMS
text: in rage. The Mumia grab him and his Priests.
speaker_heading: IMHOTEP
dialog: My Priests were condemned to be
text: mummified alive.
scene_heading: INT. EMBALMING CHAMBER (NECROPOLIS RE-VAMP) - NIGHT
text: Inside a TORCH-LIT CHAMBER, Imhotep is held by Anubis-headed
text: EMBALMERS. He cringes at the flickering, impressionistic
text: glimpses of his Priests being embalmed and mummified alive.
text: The horrid-looking Embalmers, using knives, needles and
text: thread, calmly perform their ghastly surgery on the SCREAMING
text: Priests, who are going insane from the procedure.
text: A red hot POKER is pulled out of a pit of burning coals.
text: A Priest's head is wedged between two strong boards. His
text: eyes widen in terror as an Embalmer moves to insert the red
text: hot poker up his nose.
text: But just before he does, WE QUICKLY CUT TO IMHOTEP'S FACE,
text: horrified, as OFF CAMERA, the Priest SCREAMS.
text: WE GO WIDE on the chamber. All twenty-one of Imhotep's Priests
text: squirm inside their wrappings. Imhotep is forced to his knees.
text: His arms are held back. His mouth is pried open.
speaker_heading: IMHOTEP
dialog: As for me, I was condemned to endure
dialog: the HOM-DAI. The worst of all ancient
dialog: curses. One so horrible, it had never
dialog: before been bestowed.
text: Using a pair of tongs, an Embalmer slowly pulls Imhotep's
text: TONGUE out of his mouth, then places a very sharp knife on
text: top of it. WE GO TIGHT on IMHOTEP'S EYES as his tongue is
text: apparently cut out. The Embalmer flings Imhotep's tongue
text: onto the floor. The Mumia's dogs attack and quickly eat it.
text: Imhotep is WRAPPED ALIVE. Only his mouth, nostrils and
text: fearfilled eyes are left free of the slimy bandages. Detritus
text: muck boils inside a black cauldron. Embalmers scoop out the
text: fetid muck and apply it to Imhotep's wrappings as he squirms.
text: He's then laid in a wooden COFFIN inside a stone SARCOPHAGUS.
text: An Embalmer with a BUCKET steps up and looks into the coffin.
text: Imhotep's wild eyes stare back. The Embalmer empties the
text: bucket over Imhotep's chest: dozens of SCARABS, disgusting
text: dung beetles. They scurry across Imhotep's SCREAMING face.
text: Some vanish into his tongue-less mouth and up his nostrils.
speaker_heading: IMHOTEP
dialog: By eating the sacred scarabs, I would
dialog: be cursed to stay alive forever. And
dialog: by eating me, they were cursed just
dialog: the same.
text: The lid to the coffin is SLAMMED SHUT. Then, using a strange
text: four-sided KEY, the Head Mumia locks the coffin lid tight.
text: The heavy sarcophagus lid is shoved into place and with a
text: loud WHOOSH seals itself airtight. Once again, the Head Mumia
text: uses the strange key, locking the sarcophagus lid tight.
speaker_heading: IMHOTEP
dialog: I was to remain sealed inside my
dialog: sarcophagus, the undead for all of
dialog: eternity.
text: The blue-skinned, strangely tattooed man carefully collapses
text: the sides of the key, -- turning it into a little puzzle
text: BOX.
speaker_heading: IMHOTEP
dialog: They would never allow me to be
dialog: released. For I would arise a walking
dialog: disease, a plague upon mankind, an
dialog: unholy flesh-eater, with the strength
dialog: of ages, power over the sands, and
dialog: the glory of invincibility.
text: Imhotep's sarcophagus is dropped into a DETRITUS PIT. The
text: disgusting muck SPLASHES up, drools down it-s sides, and
text: then is mysteriously sucked into It's seams, vanishing clean.
speaker_heading: IMHOTEP
dialog: And if I could raise my beloved Anck-
dialog: su-namun from her place in hell,
dialog: together, we would be an unstoppable
dialog: infection upon this world. The
dialog: Apocalypse. The End.
text: Imhotep's horrifying tongue-less SCREAMS can be heard coming
text: from inside his sarcophagus as grave diggers shovel dirt
text: onto it. THE MAIN TITLE IS SUPERIMPOSED ON THE SCREAM:
speaker_heading: THE MUMMY
text: The heavily armed Mumia stand guard around Imhotep's grave.
text: Looking down on the burial site is the huge statue of ANUBIS,
text: the jackal-headed god of death. It stares at us. Then begins
dialog: to DECAY before our very eyes, aging 4,159 years in only
text: seconds. And then we find ourselves and the decrepit, half-
text: buried statue of Anubis out in the middle of the desert.
scene_heading: EXT. SAHARA - HAMANAPTRA RUINS (1925) - DAY
text: Imhotep's horrifying SCREAMS become the SCREAMS of a TUAREG
speaker_heading: HORSEMAN.
text: Racing across the desert with two thousand of his warrior
text: brethren. Armed to the teeth. SUPERIMPOSED across the SCREEN
dialog: are the WORDS:
speaker_heading: THE SAHARA - 1925
text: A mile across the scorching desert TWO HUNDRED FRENCH FOREIGN
text: LEGIONNAIRES scurry through the ruins, preparing for the
text: onslaught. OUR HERO is up on the wall. His Kepi sits at a
text: jaunty angle. Dashing and handsome. This is RICK O'CONNELL.
text: He looks out at the massive SCREAMING horde galloping at
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: I knew this was gonna be a lousy
dialog: day.
text: A doughy little Frenchman joins him as he makes his way across
text: the top of the wall. This is BENI.
speaker_heading: BENI
dialog: Personally, I would like to surrender.
dialog: Why can we not just surrender?
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Shut-up and gimme your bandolier.
text: Beni pulls off his cartridge belt. Hands it to O'Connell.
speaker_heading: BENI
dialog: Then let's run away. Right now. While
dialog: we can still make it.
text: O'Connell throws it on, crisscrossing his own bandolier.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Now gimme your revolver, you'll never
dialog: use it anyway.
text: Beni pulls out his pistol and chucks it to O'Connell.
speaker_heading: BENI
dialog: Then let's play dead, huh? Nobody
dialog: ever does that anymore.
text: O'Connell slides it into his belt, next to his own revolver
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Now go find me a big stick.
speaker_heading: BENI
dialog: In the desert? What for?
text: O'Connell turns and goes nose-to-nose with him.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: So I can tie it to your back, you
text: appear to be without a spine.
text: The horde of warriors THUNDERS forward. Now a half mile out.
text: Scimitars RATTLING. O'Connell and Beni run through the ruins.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: How'd a guy like you end up in the
dialog: Legion anyways?
speaker_heading: BENI
dialog: I got caught robbing a synagogue.
dialog: Lots of good stuff in them holy
dialog: places; churches, temples, mosques,
dialog: and who's guarding them?
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Altar boys?
speaker_heading: BENI
dialog: Exactly! I speak seven languages,
dialog: including Hebrew, so my specialty
dialog: was synagogues. How about you? Kill
dialog: somebody?
text: Beni trips and accidentally tackles O'Connell to the ground.
text: O'Connell gives him a nasty look.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: No, but I'm considering it.
text: They get up and run out the gate and down the stone ramp
speaker_heading: BENI
dialog: What then? Robbery? Extortion?
dialog: Kidnapping!
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: None of the above, thank you.
speaker_heading: BENI
dialog: Then what the hell are you doing
dialog: here!?
text: They both skid to a stop at the front line as they see the
text: horde of warriors. The SOUND of CHARGING HORSES is deafening.
text: O'Connell gives Beni a big cheesy smile.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: I was just looking for a good time.
text: And that's when the cowardly Legionnaire Colonel suddenly
text: panics, cuts and runs. O'Connell instantly stiffens.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Oh shit. Steady!
text: Gives the men around him courage. But onward comes the horde
text: Hoofs pounding the sand. Several more Legionnaires take off.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
speaker_heading: STEADY!
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: What the hell am I sayin'?
text: The Tuaregs let loose with those horrifying oooo-loo-loog
text: SCREAMS. More Legionnaires haul-ass. Beni is one of them.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: STEADY!!
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: What the hell am I doin'?
text: The Tuaregs set their rifles and take aim. O'Connell steels
text: himself, cocks and locks. The cartridge in his mouth suddenly
text: snaps, he spits it into the sand. Another BEAT. And then --
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
speaker_heading: FIRE!
text: The Legionnaires on the ground FIRE. The rifles report with
text: a CRASH. The BLAST blows dozens of Tuaregs clean off their
text: mounts. The prone Legionnaires quickly begin to reload.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
speaker_heading: FIRE!
text: The kneeling Legionnaires FIRE. More Tuaregs bite the sand.
text: The remaining warriors OPEN FIRE. THUNDER and SMOKE rip the
text: hot air. A third of the Legionnaires are killed instantly.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
speaker_heading: FIRE!
text: The remaining standing Legionnaires FIRE. Tuaregs spin off
text: their mounts. Crash to the sand. And then the entire Tuareg
text: force plows into the ruins and through the Legionnaires.
text: O'Connell grabs the barrel of his rifle and starts CLUBBING
text: riders off their steeds, fighting like a man possessed.
text: Beni on the other hand, is bellycrawling across the sand,
text: whimpering in full retreat as Legionnaires fall dead all
text: around him. He crawls through the front gate.
text: O'Connell throws his rifle down and goes for his guns. He
text: cross-draws, gun in each hand, starts blowing riders off
dialog: their mounts.
text: Beni crawls faster, and then he spots an open TEMPLE DOORWAY
text: amongst the rocks. He gets up and sprints for the door as
text: the last of the Legionnaires are shot off their feet behind
text: him. O'Connell's guns go empty.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Son-of-a-bitch.
text: He turns and runs like hell, right through the front gate.
text: Four Tuareg warriors on massive Arabians haul-ass after him.
text: O'Connell hurdles a stone column, hits the ground running.
text: He spots Beni inside the Temple doorway, trying to close the
text: heavy sandstone door.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Hey! Beni! Wait up!
text: Beni has no intention of waiting up, he pushes harder.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: What are ya doing?! Wait up!
text: O'Connell runs faster. Beni pushes harder. The four Horsemen
text: LEAP the big column and CHARGE after him. HOOFS POUNDING.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Don't you close that door! DON'T YOU
text: CLOSE THAT DOOR!
text: Beni closes the door just as O'Connell reaches it. O'Connell
text: SLAMS his body into the door. It doesn't budge.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: I'm gonna get you for this!
text: He turns and bolts off around the rocks. Running for his
text: life, weaving through the ruins. The Arabians getting closer
text: and closer. The POUNDING hoofs getting LOUDER and LOUDER.
text: O'Connell finally spins around and faces his attackers. The
text: four massive horses crash to a stop in front of him. The
text: vicious Tuaregs raise their rifles to finish him off.
text: O'Connell just stands there, exhausted and beaten, then he
text: slowly lifts his right hand and gives them the bird.
dialog: And that's when the horses go ape-shit. All four of them
text: REAR UP. Two of the Riders are THROWN to the ground. The
text: horses SCREECH and BELLOW and SNORT in fear, then buck like
text: fury and haul-ass away as if the devil himself had scared
text: them. The thrown Riders get up and race off after their
text: mounts.
text: O'Connell just stands there, stunned, then he lifts his right
text: hand and checks out his middle finger. And then he feels the
text: evil himself, and turns around. -- The shattered, decrepit
text: statue of Anubis stares back at him.
text: Suddenly, the sand begins to shift under O'Connell's feet.
text: He starts to back away, keeping his eyes on the transforming
text: sand, it looks like huge snakes are wiggling and writhing
text: beneath it, forming lines and shapes, -- drawing a picture.
text: O'Connell quickly turns and runs off through the ruins. The
text: sand stops moving, and we can now see that, drawn in the
text: sand, is a picture of IMHOTEP'S SCREAMING FACE.
scene_heading: EXT. RIDGE - DAY
text: Up on a ridge, A GROUP OF RIDERS watch O'Connell stumble
text: clear of the decrepit city. O'Connell feels their presence
text: and looks up. Very different from the Tuaregs, they have
text: BLUE TINTED SKIN and faces covered in strange PUZZLE-TATTOOS.
text: The Mumia. Still watching Imhotep's grave after all this
dialog: time.
text: The MUMIA LEADER is a huge, fierce Man in black robes, with
text: dual scimitars across his waist. His face is both handsome
text: and horrible, blue and tattooed. Meet ARDETH RAY. His dark
text: eyes watch O'Connell stagger off into the open desert...
scene_heading: EXT. CAIRO - DAY
text: Cairo, a city so old the stars have actually changed their
text: positions in the sky since it's birth. A city teeming with
text: every form of life. A strange, mysterious, wonderful city.
text: WE SUPERIMPOSE it's name across the SCREEN:
speaker_heading: CAIRO
scene_heading: INT. CAIRO MUSEUM OF ANTIQUITIES - DAY
text: Deep in the bowels of the museum lie the STACKS. Rows upon
text: rows of towering bookshelves. Filled with literature on the
text: Antiquities. Standing at the top of a tall ladder between
text: two of these rows and leaning against one of the bookshelves,
text: is a rather uninteresting British GIRL: eye-glasses, hair-in-
dialog: a-bun, long boring dress, your typical prudish nightmare.
dialog: This is EVELYN CARNARVON. We're going to fall in love with
dialog: her.
text: Evelyn pulls a book out from a stack under her arm, blows
text: the dust off it, then places it on a shelf with other books
text: whose titles all begin with the letter "O". Then she grabs
text: another book out from under her arm and reads the title.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Tuthmosis?... Now how did you get up
dialog: here?
text: Carefully, so as not to lose her balance, she looks over her
text: shoulder to the bookshelf behind her, where all the titles
text: begin with the letter "T". Then she looks down. It's a long
text: way to the bottom. Evelyn gently sets the other books down
text: on the top shelf, then turns and gingerly starts to reach
text: across the aisle with the Tuthmosis book. It's a little too
text: far, so she stretches, reaching, holding the top of the ladder
text: with her fingertips, she's almost got it, closer now closer.
text: And that's when the ladder pulls away from the shelf. Evelyn
text: YELPS, flings the Tuthmosis book and grabs the top of the
text: ladder, which stands straight up. Evelyn holds her breath,
text: swaying precariously, a long BEAT, and then she loses her
text: balance, the ladder swings around and Evelyn starts
text: stiltwalking down the aisle.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
text: OHEIUGM!! AHHHHHH!
text: The ladder crosses the aisle, does an about face and heads
text: back the way it came. Evelyn clings to the top, struggling
text: for balance. The ladder teeters out into the main aisle and
text: picks up speed. Evelyn SCREAMS as it does a 180, spins into
text: another aisle and finally crashes to a stop at the top of a
text: bookshelf. Evelyn holds her breath, then SIGHS HEAVILY.
text: And that's when the bookshelf falls away from her and CRASHES
text: into the next bookshelf.
text: Evelyn slides down the ladder and plops to the floor. She
text: looks up just as the domino effect kicks-in: each bookshelf
text: crashing into the next. And onward it goes. Bookshelf after
text: bookshelf. Thousands of volumes flinging off shelves and
text: scattering across the floor. It finally ends as the last
text: shelf CRASHES into a wall. Evelyn's eyes are closed. She
text: opens one eye. Looks left. Then right. Then opens the other
text: eye and stares at the huge mess.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Oops.
text: The Egyptian CURATOR storms in.
speaker_heading: CURATOR
dialog: Look at this! Sons of the Messiah!
dialog: Give me frogs, flies, locusts,
dialog: anything but this! Compared to you,
dialog: the other plagues were a joy!
text: Evelyn quickly gets up and starts gathering books.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I'm sorry, it was an accident.
speaker_heading: CURATOR
dialog: When Ramesses destroyed Syria, it
dialog: was an accident. You are a
dialog: catastrophe! Why do I put up with
dialog: you?
text: Evelyn turns to him, trying to contain herself.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: You put up with me, because I can
dialog: read and write ancient Egyptian,
text: decipher hieroglyphs and hieratic,
dialog: and I'm the only person within a
dialog: thousand miles who knows how to
dialog: properly code and catalogue this
dialog: library.
speaker_heading: CURATOR
dialog: Who needs smart women? I put up with
dialog: you because your mother and father
dialog: were our finest patrons, Allah rest
dialog: their souls. Now straighten up this
dialog: mess!
text: The Curator storms out. Evelyn just stands there, steaming.
text: And then she hears a NOISE and quickly turns around. A BEAT.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Hello?
text: Quiet. Eerie. And then she hears it again, like feet, slowly
text: shuffling across the floor, coming from a nearby gallery.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Abdul? Mohammed? Bob?
text: Evelyn walks through the stacks and enters --
scene_heading: INT. THE RAMESSEUM
text: Filled with treasures and plunder from the Middle Kingdom.
text: It's very dark and quiet in here, the only LIGHT is from
text: FLICKERING TORCHES at either end of the spooky gallery.
text: The NOISE again! From the far side of the room. Feet, slowly
text: shuffling, plodding across the floor. Evelyn grabs a torch.
text: Looks around, at a statue of Anubis, another of Horus, they
text: stare down at Evelyn, who is starting to get scared now. She
text: walks down the aisle. Past a closed sarcophagus. Past cases
text: of ancient artifacts. Past another sarcophagus, -- only this
text: one is OPEN! Evelyn freezes, swallows hard, nervously looks
text: around to see who could have opened it. Then she slowly leans
text: forward with the torch, and peers inside.
text: -- A hideous rotted MUMMY sits up and SCREECHES at her!
text: Evelyn SCREAMS, drops the torch and backs away, scared out
text: of her wits. And then, coming from inside the sarcophagus,
text: she hears a Man LAUGHING. Her eyes narrow as a foppish cad
text: crawls out from behind the Mummy, laughing his ass off, half
dialog: drunk.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: You...! YOU...!
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Drunkard? Fool? Rat-bastard? Please
dialog: call me something original.
text: Meet JONATHAN CARNARVON. As he crawls out of the sarcophagus,
text: Evelyn pulls a cigarette out of the mummy's mouth.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Have you no respect for the dead?
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Right now, I only wish to join them.
text: He grins drunkenly. Evelyn punches him hard in the chest.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Well I wish you'd do it sooner rather
dialog: than later, before you ruin my career
dialog: the way you've ruined yours.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: My dear, sweet, baby sister, I'll
dialog: have you know, that at this moment
dialog: my career is on a high note.
text: He BELCHES, then falls back and sits on the edge of a tomb.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: High note? Ha! For five years you've
dialog: been scrounging around Egypt, and
dialog: what have you to show for it? Nothing.
text: Jonathan excitedly starts scrounging around in his jacket.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Oh yes I do! I have something right
dialog: here!
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Oh no, not another worthless trinket,
dialog: Jonathan, if I bring one more piece
dialog: of junk to the Curator to try and
dialog: sell for you.
text: Jonathan pulls out a small, ancient BOX; the collapsed KEY
text: to Imhotep's sarcophagus and coffin. Evelyn is instantly
text: curious, she grabs the box out of his hand.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Where did you get this?
text: Jonathan knows her weaknesses, gives her a mischievous smile.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
text: On a dig, down in Thebes.
text: Evelyn rolls the box around in her hands, mumbling to herself
text: as she translates the hieratics and hieroglyphs covering it.
text: Jonathan licks his lips in anticipation.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: My whole life I've never found
dialog: anything, Evy. Tell me I've found
dialog: something.
text: Evelyn's fingers play with the various little slats on the
text: box, shifting them this way and that way, it's like a puzzle
text: box. Then suddenly, it UNFOLDS ITSELF, almost-mechanically,
text: turning itself into the KEY. Sitting inside the open key/box
text: is a folded piece of GOLDEN PAPYRUS. An ANCIENT MAP.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Jonathan?
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I think you found something.
scene_heading: INT. CURATOR'S OFFICE - DAY
text: The Curator sits at his desk, staring through a jeweler's
text: eyepiece at the key/box. Evelyn hovers behind him, excited.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: See the cartouche there, it's the
dialog: official royal seal of Seti the First,
dialog: I'm sure of it.
speaker_heading: CURATOR
dialog: Perhaps.
text: Jonathan leans in from across the desk.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Two questions. Who the hell is Seti
dialog: the First? And was he rich?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: He was the last Pharaoh of the Old
dialog: Kingdom, said to be the wealthiest
dialog: Pharaoh of them all.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Alright, good, that's good. I like
dialog: this fellow, like him very much.
text: The Curator picks up the MAP. It's actually the exact same
dialog: map that we established in the opening scenes of the movie.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I've already dated it, this map is
dialog: almost four thousand years old. And
dialog: the hieratics over here...
dialog: (Inhales deeply)
dialog: It's Hamunaptra.
text: The Curator freezes, suddenly very nervous, then he recovers.
speaker_heading: CURATOR
dialog: My dear girl, don't be ridiculous,
dialog: we are scholars, not treasure hunters.
dialog: Hamunaptra is a myth.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Are we talking about the Hamunaptra?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Yes. The City of The Dead. Where the
dialog: early Pharaohs were said to have
dialog: hidden the wealth of Egypt.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Right, right, in a big underground
dialog: treasure chamber. Everybody knows
text: the story. The entire necropolis was
text: rigged to sink into the sand. On
text: Pharaoh's command, a flick of the
dialog: switch! And the whole place could
text: disappear beneath the dunes.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: All we know is that the city
dialog: mysteriously vanished around 2,134
dialog: B.C.
text: The Curator holds the map closer to the burning CANDLE-LAMP.
speaker_heading: CURATOR
dialog: As the Americans would say: it's all
dialog: fairy tales and hokum.
text: The map 'accidentally,' CATCHES ON FIRE. The Curator throws
text: it to the floor. Jonathan drops to his knees and quickly
text: puts it out. Lifts it up. The left third of the map is now
dialog: missing.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: You burned it! You burned off the
dialog: part with the lost city!
speaker_heading: CURATOR
dialog: It's for the best, I'm sure. Many
dialog: men have wasted their lives in the
dialog: foolish pursuit of Hamunaptra, no
dialog: one has ever found it, most have
dialog: never returned.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: (devastated)
dialog: You killed my map.
speaker_heading: CURATOR
dialog: I'm sure it was a fake, anyway, I'm
dialog: surprised at you, Miss Carnarvon, to
dialog: be so fooled.
text: The Curator reaches for the key/box. Evelyn quickly snatches
text: it off the desk and gives him a very angry, suspicious look.
scene_heading: EXT. CAIRO PRISON - GALLOWS COURTYARD - DAY
dialog: Cairo prison. One of the worst hell holes on earth. Every
text: low-life form of scumbag can be found here. The WARDEN, a
text: first rate scumbag himself, escorts Evelyn and Jonathan across
text: the gallows courtyard. Evelyn whispers to Jonathan.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: You told me you found it on a dig
dialog: down in Thebes!
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: I was mistaken.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: You lied to me!
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: I lie to everybody, what makes you
dialog: so special?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I'm your sister.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: That just makes you more gullible.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: You stole it from a drunk at the
dialog: local Casbah?!
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
text: Picked his pocket, actually.
scene_heading: EXT. VISITOR'S PEN - DAY
text: The Warden ushers Evelyn and Jonathan into the holding pen.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: And what is he in prison for?
speaker_heading: WARDEN
dialog: I did not know, so when I heard you
dialog: were coming, I asked him that myself.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: And what did he say?
speaker_heading: WARDEN
dialog: He said... he was just looking for a
dialog: good time.
text: The interior cell door BURSTS OPEN. O'Connell is in chains,
text: dragged by FOUR GUARDS, they shove him up to the cell bars.
text: From the looks of it, he's been here awhile; his face is
text: half hidden by long hair, a scraggly beard and many new
text: bruises. Evelyn looks at him, disgusted by his appearance.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: But he's just a filthy criminal?
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: (cringing)
dialog: Way to go, Evy.
text: O'Connell gives Evelyn the once over, then looks at Jonathan.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: So who's the broad?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Broad?!
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: She's my sister, actually.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Yeah? Well,... I'm sure she's not a
dialog: total loss.
text: Evelyn is stunned and furious. The Warden heads out the door.
speaker_heading: WARDEN
dialog: I'll be back in a moment.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: (sarcastic)
text: I tremble with anticipation.
text: A Guard CLUBS O'Connell across the head, O'Connell's face
text: bounces off the metal bars. He shows no pain, but just looks
text: back and gives the Guard a nasty look. Evelyn steps closer.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: We uh,... found... your puzzle box,
dialog: and we've come to ask you about it.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: No?
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: No... You came to ask me about
dialog: Hamunaptra.
text: Evelyn and Jonathan quickly look around, hoping the guards
text: didn't hear him. They step closer. Evelyn plays coy.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: How do you know the box pertains to
dialog: Hamunaptra?
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Because that's where I found it. I
dialog: was there.
text: Evelyn is dumbstruck. But Jonathan looks suspicious
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: How do we know that's not a load of
dialog: pig swallow?
text: O'Connell looks closer at Jonathan, a glint of recognition.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Hey,... don't I know you?
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Um, well, you see...
text: O'Connell's FIST comes flying through the bars, hits Jonathan
text: square in the jaw, DECKS HIM. He hits the floor. Out cold. A
text: Guard CLUBS O'Connell. His head bounces off the bars again.
text: He shows no pain, but gives the Guard another nasty look.
text: Evelyn looks down at her brother, then back at O'Connell.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: You were actually at Hamunaptra?
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: I just decked your brother
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Yes, well...
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: I know my brother.
text: O'Connell almost smiles. There's a bit of spark to this girl.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Yeah, I was there.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: You swear?
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Every damn day.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: No, I mean --
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: -- I know what you mean. I was there,
dialog: alright. Seti's place. The City Of
dialog: The Dead.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: What did you find? What did you see?
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: I found sand. I saw death.
text: The warden enters. Evelyn quickly leans closer to O'Connell.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Could you tell me how to get there?
dialog: The exact location?
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Want to know?
text: Evelyn leans in even closer.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Really want to know?
text: She leans her face right up to the bars, nervous and excited
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Yes.
text: O'Connell steps forward and KISSES her full on the lips.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Then get me the hell outta here.
text: Evelyn is stunned. A Guard CLUBS him, his face bounces off
text: the bars again, but before he can react the Guards GRAB him,
text: YANKS him away from the bars and DRAG him out of the room.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Where are they taking him?
speaker_heading: WARDEN
dialog: To be hanged.
text: Evelyn is shocked. The warden shows-off his green teeth.
speaker_heading: WARDEN
dialog: Apparently, he had a very good time.
scene_heading: EXT. GALLOWS COURTYARD - DAY
text: Hundreds of filthy PRISONERS stare down onto the gallows as
text: the hangman's noose is draped over O'Connell's head and
text: cinched tight around his neck. Evelyn follows the warden
text: onto a balcony above the gallows. The prisoners all go dead
text: quiet at the sight of her; like jackals staring at fresh
dialog: meat.
speaker_heading: WARDEN
dialog: No women allowed.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I am an English woman.
text: This seems to confuse the Warden, he shrugs and sits down.
text: O'Connell looks up as Evelyn plops down beside the Warden.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I will give you one hundred pounds
dialog: to spare his life.
speaker_heading: WARDEN
dialog: I would pay one hundred pounds just
dialog: to see him hang.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
text: Two hundred pounds.
speaker_heading: WARDEN
dialog: Proceed!
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Three hundred pounds!
text: O'Connell can hear every word, he looks hopeful. Other than
text: Evelyn, you could hear a pin drop. The HANGMAN turns to him.
speaker_heading: HANGMAN
dialog: Any last requests, pig?
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Yeah, I'd like ya to let me go.
text: The Hangman grabs the lever to the trapdoor.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
text: FIVE HUNDRED POUNDS!
text: The Warden sets his greasy, lecherous hand on Evelyn's leg.
speaker_heading: WARDEN
dialog: And what else?
text: Evelyn is revolted, she quickly shoves his hand away.
text: Insulted, the Warden angrily turns and gestures to the
text: Hangman, who pulls the lever. The trapdoor DROPS AWAY.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
speaker_heading: NOOO!
text: O'Connell DROPS through the hole. The rope pays out. Then
text: JERKS TAUGHT. O'Connell's body SNAPS at the end of the rope.
dialog: But he's still alive, because --
speaker_heading: WARDEN
dialog: His neck did not break! Good! Now we
text: watch him strangle to death.
text: The prisoners go ape-shit, SCREAMING and SHOUTING in anger.
text: The GUARDS look around, nervous. O'Connell struggles at the
text: end of the rope, gagging. Evelyn is horrified, she quickly
text: turns to the warden, leans forward and whispers in his ear.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
text: He knows the location to Hamunaptra.
text: The warden spins around and faces her.
speaker_heading: WARDEN
dialog: You lie.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I would never!
text: At the end of the rope, O'Connell is choking and gagging and
text: turning several shades of red. The Warden stares at Evelyn.
speaker_heading: WARDEN
dialog: Are you saying this filthy godless
dialog: son of a pig knows where to find The
dialog: City Of The Dead? Truly?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Yes and if you cut him down, we will
dialog: give you ten percent.
speaker_heading: WARDEN
dialog: Fifty percent.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Twenty.
speaker_heading: WARDEN
dialog: Forty.
text: Evelyn hesitates, bites her lip. O'Connell's eyes bulge as
text: he looks up at her, he can't believe this girl.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Give... give him... give him GLAAAA--
dialog: !
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Twenty-five percent, and not one
dialog: single farthing more.
text: The warden flashes a big green smile, then YELLS in Arabic.
text: A scimitar SLASHES the air. The rope is CUT. O'Connell CRASHES
text: to the ground. Half dead. Rolls over. GAGGING.
text: All of the prisoners BURST INTO CHEERS. O'Connell looks up
text: at Evelyn. She smiles broadly and waves down at him.
scene_heading: CURATOR'S OFFICE - NIGHT
text: CANDLE LIGHT FLICKERS across the Curator's face.
speaker_heading: CURATOR
dialog: She must die.
text: Standing in the shadows across from his desk are THREE MUMIA:
text: blue tinted skin, hideous facial tattoos, -- the works. One
text: of the Mumia has a rusty metal HOOK for a hand. He shrugs.
speaker_heading: HOOK
dialog: She is like all the others. She will
dialog: die in the desert.
speaker_heading: CURATOR
dialog: No! She has seen too much. She knows
dialog: too much.
text: The Curator leans across his desk, fear in his eyes.
speaker_heading: CURATOR
text: Not only does she have a map, but
text: she has the key.
text: Spooks the hell out of the Mumia guys.
speaker_heading: HOOK
dialog: The key!? She has the lost key!?
speaker_heading: CURATOR
dialog: Yes. No one has ever had so much,
dialog: been so close. We must stop her, or
dialog: it will be the end of us all.
speaker_heading: HOOK
dialog: Then we will kill her, we will kill
dialog: her and all those with her.
speaker_heading: CURATOR
dialog: And burn the map and retrieve the
dialog: key.
speaker_heading: HOOK
dialog: It will be done. But what of the
dialog: American expedition? They leave
dialog: tomorrow as well.
speaker_heading: CURATOR
dialog: Forget the bumbling Americans, they
dialog: will be like all the others. Without
dialog: the map to guide them, how can they
dialog: possibly find Hamunaptra?
scene_heading: EXT. GIZA PORT - DAY
text: SMASH CUT TO: our old traitorous friend BENI.
speaker_heading: BENI
text: It is three days down the Nile, then
text: two days by camel, sahibs.
text: WE CRANE BACK: to reveal Beni standing on the bow of a
text: PASSENGER BARGE. Surrounded by DANIELS, HENDERSON and BURNS.
speaker_heading: DANIELS
dialog: For all the money we're paying you,
dialog: something better god-damned well be
dialog: under that sand.
text: WE KEEP CRANING BACK: as Henderson slaps Daniels on the back.
speaker_heading: HENDERSON
dialog: "Hamunaptra," Daniels, that's all ya
dialog: gotta keep sayin, to yourself,
dialog: "Hamunaptra."
text: Now we see all of GIZA PORT: Team of explorers swarm the
text: docks. Across the Nile, the PYRAMIDS spike the sky. Evelyn
text: and Jonathan walk along the boardwalk besieged by HAWKERS
text: selling everything from toy tombs to King Tut action figures.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Do you really think he'll show up?
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Undoubtedly, I know the breed, he
dialog: may be a cowboy, but his word is his
dialog: word.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Personally, I think he's filthy,
dialog: rude and a complete scoundrel. I
dialog: don't like him one bit.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL (O.S.)
dialog: Anyone I know?
text: They both turn. O'Connell walks up; shaved, showered, spit
text: and polished, with a new haircut and clothes. He looks more
text: dashing and handsome than ever. Evelyn is suitably impressed.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Oh... um,... hello.
text: Jonathan grabs O'Connell's arm and shakes his hand.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
text: Smashing day for the start of an
dialog: adventure, eh, O'Connell?
text: O'Connell quickly checks his pockets.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Yeah, sure, smashing.
text: He finds his wallet and relaxes. DIRECTLY ABOVE HIM: on the
text: bow of the barge, Burns wipes his bifocals and turns to Beni.
speaker_heading: BURNS
dialog: You're sure Hamunaptra is out there?
speaker_heading: BENI
dialog: Along with the scorched bones of my
dialog: entire garrison, sahib.
text: And that's when Beni spots O'Connell. Beni shakes his head,
text: as if seeing a mirage, then starts backing away from the
dialog: men.
speaker_heading: BENI
dialog: A thousand pardons, my good sahibs
dialog: but there is much work to be done.
text: Beni quickly scurries off, vanishing down into the hold.
text: BACK DOWN WITH: Evelyn, recovering, she clears her throat.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Mister O'Connell, can you look me in
dialog: the eye, and guarantee me this is
dialog: not some sort of flimflam? Because
dialog: if it is, I'm warning you --
text: O'Connell steps up close to Evelyn, invading her space looks
text: her straight in the eye. Evelyn doesn't back away.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: All I can tell you, miss, is that my
dialog: Colonel found that map in an ancient
dialog: fortress, and the whole damn garrison
dialog: believed in it so much, that without
dialog: orders, we marched halfway across
dialog: Libya and into Egypt to find that
dialog: city. Like I told ya, all I saw was
dialog: sand. Everybody else was wiped out
dialog: by Tuareg warriors. I'll take your
dialog: bags.
text: O'Connell takes her bags and heads up the gangplank and onto
text: the same passenger barge that Beni and the Americans are on.
text: Evelyn's eyes follow him, a bit wistfully. Jonathan sees it.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Yes, yes, you're right, filthy, rude,
dialog: a complete scoundrel, nothing to
dialog: like there at all.
text: Evelyn gives him a look. Jonathan just grins. And that's
text: when the warden suddenly brushes past, tipping his raggedy
dialog: hat.
speaker_heading: WARDEN
dialog: A bright good morning to all.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: WARDEN
dialog: I have come to protect my investment,
dialog: thank you very much.
text: And up the plank he goes. Evelyn and Jonathan share a look.
text: WE GO WIDE AGAIN: as the barge pulls out and heads down the
text: Nile. WE TILT UP: to the SUN, which then DISSOLVES into --
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER NILE - NIGHT
text: The MOON, shining down on the desert. The THREE VICIOUS MUMIA
text: quietly glide a narrow skiff out onto the river. The one
text: with the hook sits in the middle of the skiff, the other two
text: row, heading for the PASSENGER BARGE coming their way.
scene_heading: EXT. THE BAR AT THE BOW - NIGHT
text: Jonathan and the three Americans are playing poker. O'Connell
text: comes out a door carrying a GUNNY-SACK.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Sit down, O'Connell, sit down, we
dialog: could use another good player.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: I only gamble with my life, never my
dialog: money.
speaker_heading: DANIELS
dialog: Never? What if I were to wager five
dialog: hundred dollars says we get to
dialog: Hamunaptra before you?
text: O'Connell returns Daniel's cocky look.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Yer on.
text: Burns slips on his dirty bifocals.
speaker_heading: BURNS
dialog: What makes you so confident, sir?
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: What makes you?
text: Henderson spits a wad of chew into a spittoon.
speaker_heading: HENDERSON
dialog: We got us a man who's actually been
dialog: there.
text: O'Connell's poker face drops, perplexed. Same with Jonathan.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: I say, what a coincidence, why --
text: O'Connell 'accidentally' hits him in the ribs with the
text: gunnysack, shutting him up. Jonathan quickly covers.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: -- whose deal is it? Is it my deal?
dialog: I thought I just dealt?
scene_heading: EXT. BARGE - NIGHT
text: Evelyn sits on a table, staring out over the passing river.
text: The gunny-sack DROPS onto the table, startling her.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Sorry, didn't mean to scare ya.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: The only thing that scares me, Mister
dialog: O'Connell, are your manners.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Still angry that I kissed ya, huh?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: If you call that a kiss.
text: O'Connell reaches into the gunny-sack and starts pulling out
text: revolvers, pistols, hunting knives, a massive elephant gun,
text: and a half dozen carefully wrapped sticks of dynamite.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Did I miss something? Are we going
dialog: into battle?
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: The last time I was at that place
dialog: everybody I was with died.
text: This takes the smile off Evelyn's face. O'Connell starts
text: dismantling and cleaning the guns.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: There's something out there, you
dialog: know, something under that sand.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Yes, I'm hoping to find a certain
dialog: artifact, a book, actually, my brother
dialog: thinks there's treasure. What do you
dialog: think is out there?
text: O'Connell looks into Evelyn's eyes.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
text: Evil. The Tuaregs and the Bedouin
dialog: believe that Hamunaptra is cursed,
dialog: they call it, "the doorway to hell."
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Ahmar is Ossirion. "Passageway to
dialog: the underworld", actually.
text: She gives him a know-it-all grin.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I don't believe in fairy tales and
dialog: hokum, Mister O'Connell, but I do
dialog: believe that one of the most famous
dialog: books in history is buried out there,
dialog: The Book Of The Living. It's what
dialog: first interested me in Egypt as a
dialog: child. It's why I came here, sort of
text: a life's pursuit.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: And the fact that they say it's made
dialog: out of pure gold, makes no nevermind
dialog: to you, right?
text: Evelyn is surprised by his knowledge.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: You know your history.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: I know my treasure.
text: Evelyn gets up to go, then she hesitates, nervous, she turns
text: back to O'Connell, and as matter-of-fact as possible says:
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: By the way,... why did you kiss me?
text: O'Connell, cleaning his guns, just shrugs his shoulders.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: I was about to be hanged, seemed
dialog: like a good idea at the time.
text: Evelyn's eyes widen, furious, she turns and storms off.
text: O'Connell looks up, watching her leave, a bit perplexed.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: What?... Wha'd I say?
text: Then he hears someone SNICKERING under the table. He quickly
text: reaches down, grabs that someone and lifts him up. It's Beni.
speaker_heading: BENI
dialog: My very good friend! What a surprise.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Why if it ain't my little buddy,
dialog: Beni. I oughta kill you.
text: O'Connell sticks a knife under Beni's throat. Beni swallows
text: hard, then tries to weasel his way out with a big grin.
speaker_heading: BENI
dialog: You never were any good with the
dialog: ladies, O'Connell.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: So you're the one leading the
dialog: Americans, I shoulda figured. So
dialog: what's the scam? You get 'em out in
text: the middle of the desert then leave
dialog: 'em to rot?
speaker_heading: BENI
dialog: Unfortunately no, these Americans
dialog: are smart, they pay me only half
dialog: now, half when I get them back to
dialog: Cairo, so I must go all the way.
text: O'Connell pulls the knife away. Beni relaxes, rubs his neck.
speaker_heading: BENI
dialog: You never believed in Hamunaptra,
dialog: O'Connell. Why are you going back?
dialog: The devil himself lives out there.
text: They look as they hear Evelyn YELP. A single CAMEL in the
text: HORSE PADDOCK takes another bite at her. She YELPS again and
text: backs away. O'Connell grins as Evelyn flees down the deck.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: The girl saved my life, figured it
dialog: was the least I could do, keep her
text: out of trouble.
speaker_heading: BENI
dialog: You always did have more balls than
dialog: brains.
text: O'Connell's eyes narrow at the insult, he looks back at Beni.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Let's make us even, shall we?
speaker_heading: BENI
dialog: Even?
text: O'Connell grabs him and chucks him over the side of the barge.
text: Beni SPLASHES into the river. O'Connell takes his gunny-sack
text: and starts walking off down the deck.
speaker_heading: BENI (O.S.)
dialog: O'Connell! I am going to kill you
dialog: for this!
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
text: Sounds familiar.
text: And that's when he spots THREE SETS OF WET FOOTPRINTS, coming
text: up over the railing from the river and heading down the deck.
text: O'Connell quickly looks around, immediately on the alert.
scene_heading: INT. EVELYN'S CABIN - NIGHT
text: Evelyn, wearing a nightgown, stands in front of a mirror.
text: She gives her head a good shake, letting her hair fall loose
text: over her bare shoulders. Then she turns around, RIGHT THERE
text: IS ONE OF THE HIDEOUS MUMIA! It's Hook. He slams his hand
text: over her mouth and lifts up his hook, ready to strike.
speaker_heading: HOOK
dialog: Where is the map?
text: Evelyn's terrified eyes glance down. Hook looks over, sees
text: the map lying next to a flickering candle on a nearby table.
speaker_heading: HOOK
dialog: And the key? Where is the key?
text: Evelyn's eyes look confused. She shakes her head. Hook grins.
speaker_heading: HOOK
dialog: Then I'll find it myself.
text: He cocks his hook, about to kill her. And that's when the
text: door is KICKED OPEN. O'Connell BURSTS IN, gun in each hand.
text: Hook spins Evelyn around and holds her out in front of him.
text: O'Connell looks at her.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Friend of yours?
text: Evelyn's eyes widen. And that's when the candle on the table
text: FLICKERS. Everything happens at once, READ FAST: O'Connell
text: spins around just as a window BURSTS OPEN. A Mumia leans in.
text: FIRES A GUN. Woodchips BLAST OFF the wall next to O'Connell's
text: head. He returns FIRE. Kills the Mumia. The Mumia falls back.
text: FIRING BLINDLY. A LANTERN in the room is BLASTED. Kerosene
text: SPLASHES across the wall. BURSTS INTO FLAMES. Evelyn grabs
text: the candle on the table and JAMS IT back over her shoulder,
text: right into Hook's EYE. He SCREECHES in pain and lets her go.
text: O'Connell grabs her and YANKS her out of the FLAMING ROOM.
scene_heading: HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: O'Connell pulls Evelyn down the hall, she tries to jerk free.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: The map! We need the map!
text: He shoves her up against a wall.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Relax! I'm the map!
dialog: (taps his forehead)
dialog: It's all up here.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Oh that's comforting.
text: O'Connell gives her a look, then pulls her forward.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: C'mon, there's still one more of
dialog: those guys around here somewhere.
scene_heading: EVELYN'S FLAMING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Hot melted wax covers Hook's face as he holds his sore eye
text: and struggles to the door. Then he notices the key/box on
text: the floor. He bends over to pick it up. And that's when the
text: door is KICKED OPEN again, it hits him in the ass and knocks
text: him into the fire. Jonathan leans in. Sees nothing but flames.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: EVY!!
text: Then he sees the key/box on the floor and picks it up. A
text: HAND suddenly snatches the key/box away from him.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Hey that's mine --
text: It's Hook. His backside is now ON FIRE. He lifts his pistol.
text: Jonathan quickly backpedals out the door as Hook OPENS FIRE.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMEL PADDOCK - NIGHT
text: O'Connell and Evelyn race out onto the deck near the horse
text: paddock. People are SCREAMING and SHOUTING, lots of panic.
text: BLAM! A chunk of the wall is BLOWN OFF next to Evelyn's head.
text: O'Connell pivots and FIRES BACK. It's the last Mumia, on the
text: other side of the paddock. He and O'Connell exchange GUNFIRE.
text: Another LANTERN BURSTS INTO FLAMES. O'Connell SHOOTS OFF the
text: paddock lock. The horses go nuts. O'Connell FIRES over their
text: heads. They CHARGE FORWARD and CRASH through the door. The
text: Mumia SCREAMS as the horses STAMPEDE over him. FLAMES sweep
text: up the walls and race across the roof. Half the barge is now
text: ON FIRE. O'Connell throws the gunny-sack over his shoulder.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Can you swim?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Well of course I can swim, if the
dialog: occasion calls for it.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Trust me.
text: He picks her up and throws her over the side.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: The occasion calls for it.
text: Evelyn SPLASHES into the water. O'Connell dives in after
dialog: her.
scene_heading: EXT. BARGE BOW - NIGHT
text: Jonathan runs out onto the bow, sees the three Americans,
text: guns in every hand, fanning their pistols, SHOOTING everything
text: in sight. Jonathan just shakes his head.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Americans.
text: Hook suddenly stumbles up behind him, -- now a FLAMING TORCH.
text: Jonathan turns around, Hook grabs him by the throat with his
text: FLAMING ARM and pins him to the cabin wall. Jonathan's eyes
text: widen as he sees a hook rising up inside the FLAMES about to
text: strike him. The Americans pivot and OPEN FIRE. Blows Hook
text: over the railing. Jonathan turns to the Americans and smiles.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: I say! Good show!
text: Then he points his thumb at himself
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: And did I panic?
text: He lifts up his other hand, -- he has the key/box back.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: I think not.
text: And that's when the horses STAMPEDE onto the bow. Jonathan
text: dives over one side, the three Americans dive over the other.
scene_heading: NILE RIVERBANK - NIGHT
text: O'Connell, Evelyn, Jonathan and the Warden wade out of the
text: water. Evelyn's nightgown clings tight to her body as she
text: wrings it out. She looks good. O'Connell notices.
text: Everybody else, including the horses, is getting out on the
text: far shore O'Connell spots Beni running up to the Americans.
speaker_heading: BENI
dialog: Hey O'Connell! Looks to me like I
dialog: got all the horses!
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Hey Beni! Looks to me like your on
dialog: the wrong side of the river!
text: Beni looks up at the stars, then angrily KICKS the sand
text: CURSING. The FLAMING barge drifts off, slowly sinking...
scene_heading: BEDOUIN TRADING POST - DAY
text: O'Connell barters in ARABIC with a CAMEL TRADER at a trading
text: post. Jonathan forks over some cash. The Trader hands them
text: the reins of four ugly old camels.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: I can't believe the price of these
text: fleabags.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: We coulda had 'em for free, all we
dialog: had to do was give 'em your sister.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Yes, awfully tempting, wasn't it?
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Awfully.
text: And that's when Evelyn steps out of a trading tent. She's
text: changed into a gorgeous, tightly fitted, Bedouin dress.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Then again...
scene_heading: SAHARA DESERT SAND DUNES - DAY
text: O'Connell, Evelyn, Jonathan and the warden are on camels in
text: the middle of the frying pan; the endless, sunbaked Sahara.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Never did like camels. Filthy buggers.
text: They smell, they bite, they spit.
text: Disgusting.
text: The warden savagely attacks a chicken wing with his vile
text: green teeth. Flies buzz around his head. He sucks at his
text: gums, then spits out some gristle. O'Connell watches him.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Yeah, disgusting.
text: Evelyn is having the time of her life on top of her camel.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Well I think they're cute.
text: WE DO SEVERAL TIME DISSOLVES: showing the majesty of the
text: desert, and our heroes getting deeper and deeper into it.
scene_heading: FRYING PAN - NIGHT
text: The MOON shines down an four lone camel rider's trekking
text: across the vast wasteland.
text: Jonathan is sound asleep, his head bobbing comically to the
text: rhythm of his camel. On the camel next to him, the Warden
text: SNORES LOUDLY. Up in front of them, Evelyn slowly starts to
text: slide off her saddle. O'Connell reaches over and stops her,
text: then gently pushes her back up onto her saddle, never waking
text: her. For a long moment, his eyes watch Evelyn, and then he
text: looks up at a distant ridge --
text: -- where Ardeth Ray and a group of MUMIA RIDERS are pacing
dialog: them.
scene_heading: EXT. GIANT SAND DUNE - ENDLESS HORIZON - DAY
text: The dawning sun hasn't yet crested the distant horizon as
text: Jonathan and the Warden ride alongside a giant sand dune.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: And you snore!
speaker_heading: WARDEN
dialog: I do not snore!
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: All night you snored!
speaker_heading: WARDEN
dialog: I have never snored!
text: Up in front of them, O'Connell looks at Evelyn.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: We're almost there.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Are you sure?
text: O'Connell looks down at the ground.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Pretty sure.
text: The others look down and see DOZENS OF SKELETONS sticking
text: out of the ground. Bleached and eaten away. Some of the
text: skeletons look like they're trying to crawl up out of the
text: desert floor.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: What in bloody hell is this?
text: The Warden shivers in fear.
speaker_heading: WARDEN
text: Other seekers of Hamunaptra.
text: The American Expedition rides out from behind the far end of
text: the dune. The Americans are accompanied by TWO DOZEN NATIVE
text: DIGGERS and an Arab EGYPTOLOGIST. Beni rides lead on a camel,
dialog: the rest ride horses.
speaker_heading: BENI
dialog: Good morning, my friend!
text: O'Connell just nods. The two parties come to a stop a hundred
text: feet apart. O'Connell turns and stares out across the endless
text: horizon. Beni does likewise. The Americans look puzzled.
speaker_heading: DANIELS
dialog: Well, what the hell we doin'?
speaker_heading: BENI
dialog: Patience, my good sahib, patience.
text: Henderson looks over at O'Connell.
speaker_heading: HENDERSON
dialog: First one to the city, O'Connell!
dialog: Five hundred! Cash bucks!
text: O'Connell and Beni just stare out at the flat nothingness.
text: Evelyn and Jonathan share a look. And then, the SUN starts
text: to rise in the distance, breaking the flat horizon.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Get ready.
text: Evelyn can feel the suspense and the majesty of the moment.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: For what?
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: We're about to be shown the way.
text: Far off to the right, a HUGE SHAPE begins to rise with the
text: sun. A VOLCANO. O'Connell and Beni watch it, expressionless.
text: Daniels, Henderson and Burns share a look, and then --
scene_heading: DANIELS/HENDERSON/BURNS
speaker_heading: HEYA!
text: The Americans take off. Racing towards the rising volcano.
speaker_heading: DANIELS
dialog: SEE YA THERE, O'CONNELL!
text: Evelyn and Jonathan give O'Connell anxious, sarcastic looks.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Ah, begging your pardon, but shouldn't
dialog: we be going?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: After all, you rode us night and day
dialog: to win that bet.
text: O'Connell doesn't say a word, staring hard. Beni watches the
text: Americans and spits into the sand.
speaker_heading: BENI
dialog: Fools.
text: And then suddenly, the volcano SHIFTS ACROSS THE HORIZON.
text: Passing across the sun as it goes. It's a MIRAGE.
text: The Americans crash their horses to a stop and race the other
text: way, after the volcano. Evelyn and Jonathan smile, amazed.
text: The volcano SHIFTS AGAIN, floating across the watery horizon.
text: The Americans crash to a stop again and chase after the
text: volcano. All three of them confused and CURSING. O'Connell
text: and Beni just stare, waiting. The volcano SHIFTS AGAIN. And
text: the Americans crash to a stop again. Burns is THROWN from
text: his horse. Henderson angrily rips his hat off and chucks it
text: to the ground. Daniels just curses as they give up the chase.
text: The volcano comes to a stop on the far left of the horizon.
text: The Americans are on the far right. Nothing moves. A BEAT.
text: And then O'Connell grins. So does Beni. They share a look.
text: And then SWAT their camels and RACE AWAY. Everybody else
text: hauls-ass after them. O'Connell and Beni are neck-and-neck.
text: And then Evelyn comes galloping up, hair flying in the wind.
text: Beni takes out his camel whip and starts WHIPPING O'Connell.
text: Trying to knock him off his camel. once. CRACK! Twice. CRACK!
text: But on the third try O'Connell grabs the whip and JERKS Beni
text: off his camel. Beni SLAMS to the ground and TUMBLES.
text: Evelyn and O'Connell race across the desert. Evelyn has never
text: felt so alive. She LAUGHS. O'Connell grins; he likes this
text: girl. Beni stumbles to his feet, then quickly dances out of
text: the way as Jonathan and all the other riders stampede past
text: him. Evelyn beats O'Connell to the stone ramp, racing hard.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Evelyn! Slow down!
text: Evelyn ignores him as she races up the ramp towards the gate.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
scene_heading: SLOW DOWN, EVELYN! SLOW DOWN! THERE'S
scene_heading: A REALLY BIG --
scene_heading: INT. HAMUNAPTRA - DAY
text: Evelyn goes ass-over-teacups through the air and crash lands
text: in a sand dune. She sits up, stunned, sandy hair in her eyes.
text: O'Connell stops at the edge of the ramp next to her camel.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Never mind.
text: The Americans ride up and look in wonder at the ruins inside
text: the volcano. O'Connell gives them a big, shit-eating grin.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: You boys owe me five hundred dollars.
scene_heading: EXT. HAMUNAPTRA - DAY
text: Under the guidance of the Egyptologist, the Diggers are busy
text: hauling rock and dirt out of the Temple doorway. The three
text: Americans are playing poker. Beni smokes a hookah and swats
text: flies. Dozens of stray CAMELS roam the decrepit city; dusty
text: backpacks and old saddlebags still slung over their humps.
speaker_heading: DANIELS
dialog: Where'd all these camels come from?
speaker_heading: BENI
dialog: They belong to the dead. They will
dialog: wait years for their masters to return
text: before leaving.
scene_heading: EXT. OUR HEROES DIG - DAY
text: O'Connell, Evelyn, Jonathan and the Warden are working next
text: to a narrow CREVICE, which weaves it's way through the ruins.
text: O'Connell ties a rope around a pillar and throws the rest of
text: the coils into the crevice, about to rappel down. Jonathan
text: bends over to have a look, his ass hits something, he YELPS
text: and backs away. It's the decrepit FACE OF ANUBIS.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: That thing gives me the creeps.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Be nice. That thing saved my life.
text: Evelyn is positioning ancient MIRRORS along the crevice.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: That "thing" gets me excited.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: The things that get you excited.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: According to Bembridge Scholars,
text: inside the statue of Anubis was a
text: secret compartment, perhaps containing
dialog: The Book Of The Living.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: What are those mirrors for?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Ancient Egyptian trick. You'll see.
text: O'Connell shrugs, then rappels down into the crevice.
scene_heading: INT. EMBALMER'S CHAMBER - DAY
text: O'Connell waves a TORCH as Jonathan, Evelyn and the warden
text: drop down next to him. Evelyn peers into the spooky darkness.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Do you realize, we are standing inside
text: a room that no one has entered in
dialog: over four thousand years.
speaker_heading: WARDEN
dialog: Who cares? I don't see no treasure.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: You're welcome to my share of the
text: spider webs.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: And it stinks to high heaven in here.
text: Evelyn just rolls her eyes.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Cretins.
text: Jonathan sniffs the foul air, then he looks at the warden
text: and realizes where the smell is coming from. He stops
text: sniffing.
text: Evelyn brushes COBWEBS away from a METAL DISK on the wall,
text: then repositions it on it's pedestal, aiming it at a RAY OF
text: LIGHT shining in from the outer mirrors. -- THE RAY OF LIGHT
text: HITS THE DISK AND QUICKLY SHOOTS AROUND THE ROOM FROM ONE
text: DISK TO ANOTHER UNTIL THE WHOLE CHAMBER IS LIT UP. LIGHT
text: RAYS SHOOT OFF DOWN THE PASSAGEWAYS. It's the embalmer's
dialog: chamber.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: That is a neat trick.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Oh my god, It's a preparation room.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Preparation for what?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: For entering the afterlife.
text: O'Connell quickly draws his gun. Jonathan gently nudges him.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Mummies, my good son, this is where
dialog: they made the mummies.
text: Evelyn heads down a narrow passageway. The others follow.
scene_heading: INT. LABYRINTH - DAY
text: O'Connell, Evelyn and Jonathan crouch as they make their way
text: through a narrow, COBWEB INFESTED LABYRINTH. The short, squat
text: warden can stand straight up. Then they hear something and
text: freeze. It sounds like somebody is clawing inside the walls.
text: They share looks. Then slowly move forward. Getting darker
text: and darker as they go. The strange sound getting louder and
text: louder. And then it stops. Evelyn holds her breath. Jonathan
text: licks his lips. O'Connell cocks his pistol. The warden FARTS.
text: O'Connell, Jonathan and Evelyn glare at him.
scene_heading: ANUBIS' CHAMBER - DAY
text: They slowly creep out of the labyrinth and up to the foot of
text: an enormous half-buried statue. The lower half of Anubis.
text: Then they hear the sound again, coming closer now, from the
text: other side of the statue. And closer. O'Connell pulls Evelyn
text: behind him. And closer. O'Connell raises his gun. And CLOSER!
text: O'Connell LEAPS OUT. -- THREE HORRIBLE SWEATY FACES LUNGE AT
text: HIM. O'Connell REACTS. But doesn't pull the trigger because
text: it's just the Americans, their guns are up, cocked and aimed.
speaker_heading: HENDERSON
dialog: Ya scared the bejeezus out of us,
dialog: O'Connell.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Likewise.
text: But nobody lowers their guns. Daniels grins, the tough one.
speaker_heading: DANIELS
dialog: This here is our statue,... friend.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Don't see your name on it,... pal.
text: And that's when Beni, five Diggers and the Egyptologist step
text: out of the shadows, -- all holding guns aimed at O'Connell.
speaker_heading: BENI
dialog: Ten to one, O'Connell, your odds are
dialog: no-so-good.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: I've had worse.
text: Jonathan clenches a tiny derringer.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Yes, me too.
text: O'Connell gives him a sideways glance. Beni cocks his gun,
text: grinning, he wants it to happen. The tension thickens. Then
text: Evelyn gently takes O'Connell's gun hand and pulls it down.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Let's be nice, children, if we're
dialog: going to play together, we must learn
dialog: to share.
text: Evelyn pulls O'Connell away. Jonathan and the Warden follow.
text: Beni and the Americans slowly lower their guns, laughing.
text: The Egyptologist excitedly begins translating the hieroglyphs.
scene_heading: INT. IMHOTEP'S CHAMBER - DAY
text: O'Connell and Jonathan are using sledge-hammers against the
text: ceiling. Evelyn is gently chipping away with a tiny chisel.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: According to my calculations, we
dialog: should be right under the statue.
dialog: We'll come up right between his legs.
dialog: (she blushes and laughs)
dialog: Oh my.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: And when those dirty Yanks go to
dialog: sleep --
dialog: (looks at O'Connell)
dialog: No offense.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: None taken.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: We'll sneak up and steal that book
text: right out from under them.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: And you're sure you can find the
dialog: secret compartment?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Yes, if their Egyptologist hasn't
dialog: already found it.
text: Jonathan looks around.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: I say, what's our smelly little friend
dialog: got himself up to?
scene_heading: INT. SCARAB CHAMBER - DAY
text: The Warden crawls into a DARK CHAMBER and LIGHTS A TORCH.
text: A mural wall comes alive. Embedded into it are dozens of
text: black amethyst SCARABS; glittering images of the sacred
text: beetles. Awestruck, the Warden pulls out a pocket knife and
text: starts prying away at one of the precious bugs.
scene_heading: INT. ANUBIS' CHAMBER - DAY
text: Beni and the Americans hover around the Egyptologist, who's
text: found the SECRET COMPARTMENT inside Anubis. The Egyptologist
text: brushes sand away from the seam. Henderson steps forward and
text: grabs the seam, -- the Egyptologist quickly stops him.
speaker_heading: EGYPTOLOGIST
dialog: Seti was no fool.
text: Henderson sees the intense look in the Egyptologist's eyes
speaker_heading: HENDERSON
dialog: Yeah, sure...
text: He looks back at the native Diggers.
speaker_heading: HENDERSON
dialog: We'll let him open it.
text: The Egyptologist nods, then YELLS IN EGYPTIAN at the Diggers.
text: The Diggers hesitate, filled with fear. Daniels pulls out
text: his gun, aims it at three of the Diggers. The three Diggers
text: hesitantly step forward with crowbars and stick them into
text: the seams. The other Diggers back away, scared shitless.
text: Beni and the Americans exchange looks, and then they back
dialog: away as well.
scene_heading: INT. IMHOTEP'S CHAMBER - DAY
text: Three Heroes are still digging into the ceiling
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Lemme get this straight, they stuck
dialog: a sharp, red hot poker up your nose,
dialog: cut your brain into small pieces,
dialog: then ripped it all out through your
dialog: nostrils?
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: OWCH! That's really got to hurt.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: It's called mummification. You're
dialog: dead when they do this
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Still...
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Yeah, that'd bring you back to life.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: You two are worse than a couple of
text: schoolboys.
text: And that's when a huge chunk of the roof suddenly GIVES OUT.
text: O'Connell GRABS Evelyn and JERKS her clear. Jonathan DIVES
text: for the far wall. A MASSIVE STONE CASEMENT DROPS OUT OF THE
text: CEILING AND CRASHES to the floor. DUST FLIES. Fills the room.
scene_heading: INT. ANUBIS' CHAMBER
text: Having heard the crash, Beni and the Americans have their
text: guns pointed at the floor. The Egyptologist could care less,
text: he looks at the Diggers, gripping their crowbars, and YELLS --
speaker_heading: EGYPTOLOGIST
speaker_heading: FENI!
text: The three Diggers PULL HARD. The ancient seams start to give,
text: The Egyptologist YELLS again. The Diggers PULL HARDER. The
text: compartment starts to loosen. Again he YELLS. The Diggers
dialog: give one final pull and --
text: -- AN INTENSE BURST OF LIQUID SPRAYS OUT OF THE SEAM. HITS
text: THE THREE DIGGERS. MELTS THEIR SKIN CLEAN OFF. They SCREAM.
text: Dying horribly. HALF SKELETAL by the time they hit the
dialog: ground...
scene_heading: INT. IMHOTEP'S CHAMBER - DAY
text: The dust is starting to clear. O'Connell, Evelyn and Jonathan
text: slowly get up and step over to the massive stone casement.
text: We immediately recognize it as IMHOTEP'S SARCOPHAGUS.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Oh my god,... it looks like, it looks
text: like a sarcophagus.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Why would they bury somebody in the
dialog: ceiling?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: They didn't, they buried him at the
dialog: foot of Anubis. He was either someone
dialog: of great importance. Or he did
dialog: something very naughty.
scene_heading: INT. SCARAB CHAMBER - DAY
text: The warden drops an amethyst-scarab into his pouch, then
text: greedily starts prying away at another. It rips off, he drops
text: it into his pouch, -- only he misses, and this scarab quietly
text: falls to the sandy floor without the Warden noticing.
text: CLOSE ON: the scarab on the floor. It begins to TRANSFORM.
text: The amethyst starts to glow. Something inside starts to
text: WIGGLE; as if the amethyst were some sort of strange cocoon.
text: Then it splits open and a real live hideous SCARAB BEETLE
text: scurries out. It races over to the warden's shoe, quickly
text: burrows into the leather and vanishes inside.
text: The Warden's eyes FLY OPEN. He starts to SCREAM, drops his
text: knife and frantically starts clawing away at his pant leg,
text: higher and higher until he rips open his shirt revealing a
text: large, hideous LUMP, BURROWING UNDER HIS SKIN. IT BURROWS
text: IT'S WAY UP HIS FAT BELLY AND ACROSS HIS HAIRY CHEST. The
text: Warden claws and scratches at it, trying to stop it. The
text: lump BURROWS UP HIS NECK. The Warden starts GAGGING and
scene_heading: COUGHING.
text: And then the scarab-lump VANISHES INTO HIS HEAD.
scene_heading: INT. IMHOTEP'S CHAMBER - DAY
text: Our Heroes clear the dirt off the top of the sarcophagus,
text: revealing a single, ominous hieroglyph. Evelyn stares at it
text: Jonathan impatiently strums his fingers across the lid.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Well?... Who is it?
text: Evelyn stares at the hieroglyph, confused and concerned.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: 'He that shall not be named.'
text: O'Connell dusts off the huge LOCK
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: There's some sort of lock here. You
dialog: say these thing's are made of granite
dialog: with a steel interior?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
text: Quarried granite with a cobalt lining.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Whoever's in here, sure wasn't getting
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: No kiddin', without a key, it'll
dialog: take us a month to crack this thing,
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: A key! That's it! That's what he was
dialog: talking about.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Who was talking about what?
text: Evelyn starts rummaging through the pack on Jonathan's back.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
text: The man on the barge. The one with
text: the hook, he was looking for a key.
text: Evelyn pulls out the key/box. Jonathan tries to take it back.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Hey that's mine!
text: Evelyn slaps his hand and quickly unfolds the box, -- it's
text: now shaped exactly like the LOCK'S KEYHOLE. Evelyn smiles.
text: And that's when they hear the Warden's SCREAMS echoing through
text: the labyrinth. All three of them turn and take-off running.
scene_heading: INT. LABYRINTH - DAY
text: The Warden is SCREAMING and dancing insanely around the
text: labyrinth, totally freaked from the extreme pain in his head.
text: O'Connell, Evelyn and Jonathan run up just as the Warden
text: starts RIPPING his own hair out of his head. O'Connell and
text: Jonathan grab at the Warden's hands, but he's far too crazed,
text: he shoves them aside, runs full bore down the length of the
text: labyrinth and SLAMS his head straight into a rock wall. The
text: Warden drops to the ground. Dead as lead. Eyes wide open.
text: O'Connell, Evelyn and Jonathan just stand there staring,
text: breathing hard, wide-eyed themselves...
scene_heading: EXT. BASE CAMP - NIGHT
text: Evelyn and Jonathan are nuzzled up to a campfire.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: What do you suppose killed him?
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Did you ever see him eat?
text: O'Connell comes up over some rocks.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Seems the Americans had a little
dialog: misadventure of their own today,
text: three of their diggers were killed.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Salt acid. Pressurized salt acid.
text: Some sort of ancient booby-trap.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Maybe this place really is cursed.
text: A GUST OF WIND blows through the camp.
text: The campfire FLICKERS O'Connell and Jonathan share a nervous
text: look. Evelyn laughs.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: You two!
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: You don't believe in curses, huh?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: No. I believe if I can see it and I
dialog: can touch it, then it's real. That's
dialog: what I believe.
text: O'Connell cocks his rifle, KA-CHANK! Gives her a big grin.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: I believe in being prepared.
text: Jonathan opens the Warden's POUCH, the one that held the
text: scarabs. He reaches in, starts scrounging around. WE SLOWLY
text: PUSH IN. Waiting for the attack. THE MUSIC BUILDS. And then, --
text: Jonathan SCREAMS in pain and RIPS his hand back out of the
text: pouch. O'Connell and Evelyn both jump.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL/EVELYN
dialog: WHAT?! WHAT IS IT?!
text: Jonathan sucks his finger, then reaches back into the pouch
text: and pulls out a LIQUOR BOTTLE, the top has been chipped off.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Seagrams!
text: Jonathan smiles at the bottle, then turns the pouch inside
text: out and shakes it, nothing but SAND is inside it.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Well, he may have been a stinky
dialog: fellow,... but he had good taste.
text: Jonathan takes a swig. O'Connell and Evelyn laugh, guiltily
text: And then O'Connell suddenly kneels down and sticks his ear
text: to the sand. Evelyn and Jonathan watch him. A BEAT. And then
text: a BARAGE OF GUNFIRE IS HEARD coming from the American camp.
text: O'Connell jumps up and throws the elephant gun to Evelyn.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Stay here!
text: He takes off running through the ruins. Evelyn immediately
text: gets up and runs after him. Jonathan grabs a gun, holds the
text: bottle of Seagrams; tight and dashes after her.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Evy! Excuse me! But didn't the man
dialog: just say -- !
scene_heading: EXT. AMERICAN CAMP - NIGHT
text: The American camp is under siege. Two dozen MUMIA RIDERS
text: gallop through. FIRING RIFLES. Several Diggers are killed as
text: they run. The Americans leap out of their tents FIRING. Kill
text: multiple Riders. Daniels is shot, spins and falls, keeps
text: SHOOTING. Henderson and Burns run to his aid, BLASTING AWAY.
text: O'Connell races through the ruins and SLAMS right into Beni,
text: who is obviously trying to high-tail-it out of there.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Goin' somewhere?
speaker_heading: BENI
dialog: Just looking for you, O'Connell! I
dialog: wanted to be with my friend!
text: O'Connell drags him back towards the American camp.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: C'mon, friend.
speaker_heading: BENI
dialog: (struggling)
dialog: Why do you like to fight so much?
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: 'Cause I look good doin, it.
text: Ardeth Ray gallops through the camp, cutting Diggers down
text: with his scimitar. O'Connell runs up on top of some rocks,
text: LEAPS OUT and TACKLES him off his horse. The two men SLAM to
text: the ground. O'Connell spins up onto one knee and FIRES, point
text: blank. Blows the scimitar out of Ardeth Ray's hand. O'Connell
text: is about to shoot again when a horse rides up between them.
text: A scimitar swoops down, almost takes O'Connell's head off,
text: misses him by an inch. O'Connell leaps up and blows the Rider
text: off his mount. The horse BOLTS. -- But Ardeth Ray is gone.
text: Evelyn hides behind some rocks, watching the scene, suddenly,
text: she hears something coming up behind her and spins around.
text: A vicious tattooed Mumia Rider races at her. Evelyn quickly
text: backpedals over the rocks, terrified. The Mumia Rider raises
text: his scimitar, about to strike.
text: Evelyn SCREAMS, trips over a rock and FIRES the elephant
text: gun, -- BLAM! Blows the Rider off his mount and CATAPULTS
text: him twenty feet back into some ruins.
text: At the same time, the kick blows Evelyn off her feet and
text: over a ridge. She FLAILS through the air and lands in a sand
text: dune.
text: Jonathan and some Diggers are holding their own near the
text: temple door. Four Riders come CHARGING right at them.
text: Jonathan takes a swig off the Seagrams.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Let 'em have it, boys!
text: Jonathan and the Diggers OPEN FIRE. When the smoke clears,
text: the Riders are either dead or gone. Jonathan grins.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: I say, bloody good show.
text: And then several more Mumia leap off the temple and land
text: behind them. Jonathan and the remaining Diggers spin around
text: and suddenly find themselves in hand-to-hand combat.
text: O'Connell is quickly loading his pistol. He hears something
text: THUNDERING UP behind him. He spins around just as Ardeth Ray
text: on a horse swings his scimitar. O'Connell instinctively raises
text: his hands to protect his face, the scimitar STRIKES!
text: Hits his gun, -- CHING! O'Connell's gun flips away. Disarmed,
text: O'Connell dives and rolls and suddenly comes up with a stick
text: of dynamite in his hand. He shoves the fuse into a fire. It
text: IGNITES. He faces Ardeth Ray, towering above him. The two
text: men lock eyes. The fuse continues to burn down. Ardeth Ray
text: points his scimitar at O'Connell's head.
speaker_heading: ARDETH RAY
dialog: LEAVE THIS PLACE!... LEAVE THIS PLACE
speaker_heading: OR DIE!
text: Ardeth Ray GALLOPS OFF. The remaining Mumia Riders race after
text: him, vanishing into the night. O'Connell watches them leave,
text: then turns to the burning fuse,... and blows it out. Evelyn
text: staggers up, looking very shaken. O'Connell gently takes her
text: and holds her close.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: You alright?
text: Evelyn looks up into his strong eyes. It's the first time
text: he's shown genuine concern for her. And she likes it. He's
text: also holding her a little too close. And she likes that too.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Yes,... fine,... thank you.
text: Beni crawls out from under some pillars as Henderson and
text: Burns help Daniels to his feet.
speaker_heading: DANIELS
dialog: See! That proves it! Old Seti's
dialog: fortune's gotta be under this sand!
speaker_heading: HENDERSON
dialog: For them to protect it like this,
dialog: you just know there's got to be
dialog: treasure down there.
text: O'Connell looks up into the surrounding ridges, unsatisfied.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: These men are a desert people. They
dialog: value water, not gold.
text: Evelyn looks at O'Connell, suddenly very worried.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Where's Jonathan?
scene_heading: EXT. BASE CAMP - NIGHT
text: Jonathan falls into FRAME. Hits the ground. Eyes wide open.
text: Mouth agape. Clearly dead. A BEAT. And then his eyes close
text: and his mouth widens into a goofy smile. Shit-faced drunk.
text: O'Connell and Evelyn laugh, both half-in-the-bag themselves,
text: the bottle of Seagrams is almost gone. O'Connell offers the
text: bottle to Evelyn, she waves it away, slurring badly --
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Unlike my brother, sir, I know when
dialog: to say no.
text: O'Connell polishes off the bottle and chucks it away.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Unlike your brother, Miss, you I
dialog: don't get. You're a whole new brew.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I know, you're wondering, what's a
dialog: place like me doing in a girl like
dialog: this?
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Something like that.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Egypt is in my blood. My father was
dialog: a famous explorer, he loved Egypt so
dialog: much that he married an Egyptian. My
dialog: mother! Who was quite an adventurer
dialog: herself
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Okay, I get your father, I get your
dialog: mother and I get your brother, but
dialog: what are you doing here?
text: Evelyn is insulted, she staggers to her feet.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I may not be an explorer, or an
dialog: adventurer, or a treasure hunter, or
dialog: a gunfighter! Mister O'Connell But
dialog: I'm proud of what I am.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: And what is that?
text: Evelyn plops back down beside him, really drunk, she grins
text: and proudly lifts her head high.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: ...I am a librarian!
text: She leans in, very close to his face, looks him in the eyes,
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I'm going to kiss you, Mister
dialog: O'Connell.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: No you're not.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I'm not?
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Not unless you call me Rick.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Why would I do that?
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Because that's my name.
text: She gives him a goofy smile. He leans forward and KISSES
text: HER. Evelyn's eyes slowly close. And then she passes out,
text: slumping into his arms. O'Connell looks down at her, and
text: just smiles.
scene_heading: INT. IMHOTEP'S CHAMBER - DAY
text: Evelyn's HAND slips the KEY into the sarcophagus, lock and
text: turns it. A series of STRANGE MECHANICAL-LIKE SOUNDS are
text: heard, and then the sarcophagus unlocks with a GIANT HISS.
text: O'Connell, Evelyn and Jonathan all look very, very hungover.
text: They start to slide the heavy lid off the sarcophagus.
text: PUSHING, SHOVING and GROANING, the lid budging, inch by inch.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I can't believe I allowed the two of
dialog: you to get me drunk.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Don't blame me, I don't even remember
dialog: being there.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Well neither do I, thank you.
text: O'Connell gives her a hurt look.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: You don't?
text: Evelyn gives O'Connell a nervous look.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: No... Why?... Should I?
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Gee, yeah, you told me it was the
dialog: best time you ever had.
text: O'Connell gives her a big cheesy smile. Evelyn's face drops,
text: appalled and embarrassed. And that's when the lid FALLS OFF
text: and LOUDLY CRASHES to the ground. All three of them instantly
text: grab their sore heads and MOAN.
scene_heading: INT. ANUBIS' CHAMBER - DAY
text: Several fear-filled, sweaty-faced Diggers reach into the
text: secret compartment. Henderson and Burns hold guns on them.
text: Daniels has his arm in a sling. The Diggers slowly pull out
text: the ORNATE CHEST. They set the chest down on the sandy floor.
text: Beni watches as the Egyptologist translates the hieratics.
speaker_heading: EGYPTOLOGIST
text: There is a curse upon this chest.
speaker_heading: DANIELS
dialog: Curse my ass.
speaker_heading: HENDERSON
dialog: Yeah, who cares.
text: The Egyptologist gives them the evil-eye
speaker_heading: EGYPTOLOGIST
dialog: In these hallowed grounds, that which
dialog: was set forth in ancient times, is
dialog: as strong today, as it was then.
speaker_heading: HENDERSON
dialog: Yeah, yeah, okay, what's it --
text: The Egyptologist slowly and carefully reads the inscription:
speaker_heading: EGYPTOLOGIST
dialog: "Death will come on swift wings to
dialog: whomever opens this chest".
text: A GUST OF WIND blows through the chamber. TORCHES FLICKER
text: All the Diggers suddenly turn tail and run off SCREAMING.
text: The Americans look at each other, suddenly very nervous.
speaker_heading: EGYPTOLOGIST
dialog: It says, there is one, the undead,
dialog: who if brought back to life, is bound
dialog: by sacred law to consummate this
dialog: curse.
speaker_heading: HENDERSON
dialog: Yeah, well, let's just make sure we
dialog: don't bring anybody back from the
dialog: dead then, huh?
text: The three Americans laugh.
speaker_heading: EGYPTOLOGIST
dialog: He will kill all who open this
dialog: chest,... and assimilate their organs
dialog: and fluids.
speaker_heading: DANIELS
dialog: Assimilate their organs and fluids?
dialog: Ya mean eat 'em?
speaker_heading: EGYPTOLOGIST
dialog: And in so doing he will regenerate.
dialog: And no longer be the undead, but a
dialog: plague upon this earth.
text: The WIND WHISTLES. Torches FLICKER. VERY SPOOKY. Beni and
text: the Egyptologist share a fear-filled look. Henderson just
dialog: shrugs.
speaker_heading: HENDERSON
dialog: Ah hell, let's open it anyways.
scene_heading: INT. IMHOTEP'S CHAMBER - DAY
text: WHAM! Imhotep's wooden coffin is DROPPED to the ground next
text: to his stone sarcophagus. Evelyn is very excited.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Oh my god, I've dreamed about this
dialog: ever since I was a little girl.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: You dream about dead guys?
text: Evelyn just gives him a look, then starts brushing dirt and
text: cobwebs off the top of the coffin. Then she freezes.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Look, all the sacred spells have
text: been chiseled off. The hieratics and
dialog: hieroglyphs that protect the deceased
text: on his journey into the afterlife,
dialog: they've been removed. This man was
dialog: cursed,... doomed.
text: O'Connell and Jonathan are too excited to care.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Tough break.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Yes, I'm all tears, now let's see
dialog: who's inside, shall we?
text: Evelyn can't believe these guys. Jonathan inserts the key/box
text: into the coffin's lock. Turns it. The lid cracks open with a
text: HISS. They all react to the FOUL STENCH. Then O'Connell grabs
text: the lid. It's stuck. He pulls with all his might. Jonathan
text: helps him. It starts to give way. Slowly. Slowly. Slooooowly.
text: And then it suddenly POPS OPEN and THE MOST HIDEOUS, MAGGOT
scene_heading: INFESTED, ROTTEN CORPSE IMAGINABLE JUMPS UP!
scene_heading: O'CONNELL/EVELYN/JONATHAN
dialog: AHHHHH!!!
text: They all jump back. Scared to death. Imhotep is now the
text: 'Elephant Man' of corpses; twisted and deformed. The years
text: have not been kind. He slumps back into his coffin.
scene_heading: INT. ANUBIS' CHAMBER - DAY
text: Henderson and Daniels start to pry at the lid of the wooden
text: chest. Beni and the Egyptologist watch. In the background,
text: Beni starts backing away, filled with fear, sweating buckets.
speaker_heading: BENI
dialog: The curse,... beware the curse!
text: Beni turns and bolts from the chamber. Daniels spits.
speaker_heading: DANIELS
dialog: Stupid superstitious bastard.
text: And that's when the seal breaks, -- A BLACK VAPOR BLASTS OUT
text: OF THE CHEST. Everybody vanishes into the strange cloud.
scene_heading: INT. IMHOTEP'S CHAMBER - DAY
text: O'Connell, Evelyn and Jonathan slowly creep forward and
text: carefully look back inside Imhotep's coffin, creeped-out.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Is he supposed to look like that?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: No. I've never seen a mummy look
dialog: like this. He's, he's still...
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Juicy?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Yes. He's more than four thousand
text: years old and still decomposing.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: And look at this.
text: O'Connell points at the inside of the COFFIN LID, where there
text: are FINGERNAIL SCRATCHES and DRIED BLOOD all over the inside.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Oh my god, he was buried alive.
text: This sends a chill through everyone. Evelyn leans in closer.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: And he left a message.
text: WE PUSH IN on a grouping of hieratics WRITTEN IN BLOOD.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: It says: 'Death is only the
dialog: beginning.'
text: Jonathan shivers. O'Connell looks around.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Where's my gun?
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: What are you going to do? Shoot him?
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: If he decides to wake up, hell yes!
scene_heading: INT. ANUBIS' CHAMBER - DAY
text: The vapor is settling. The Americans have their guns aimed
text: at the chest. The Egyptologist slowly steps up, reaches
text: inside, and lifts out a heavy burlap bag. Everyone's eyes
text: widen in excitement as he sticks his hand into the bag and
text: slowly pulls out the black BOOK OF THE DEAD, the same book
text: Imhotep used in his attempt to bring Anck-su-namun back to
dialog: life.
speaker_heading: EGYPTOLOGIST
dialog: I have heard told of this book, but
dialog: I never truly believed it existed.
dialog: This, good gentlemen, is a most
text: priceless treasure.
text: Henderson kicks the sandy floor in anger.
speaker_heading: HENDERSON
dialog: I wouldn't trade ya for a brass
dialog: spittoon!
speaker_heading: DANIELS
dialog: Yeah! It's supposed to be made outta
dialog: pure gold!
text: Daniels kicks the chest. It breaks open, unfolding to reveal
text: a lower compartment. Inside, are Anck-su-namun's FIVE JEWEL
text: ENCRUSTED CANOPIC JARS (one is shattered and without jewels)
scene_heading: EXT. BASE CAMP - NIGHT
text: The two camps have now joined together. O'Connell and Beni
text: are roasting chunks of hairy meat over a fire. Jonathan
text: wrinkles his nose, disgusted by the smell.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: What is this stuff? It smells like
dialog: our late friend, the Warden.
text: O'Connell and Beni both grin. Jonathan looks horrified.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: You did not!?... We're not!?
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
text: Rat gizzards. They smell bad and
dialog: taste worse, but that's the best the
dialog: desert has to offer.
text: The gloating Americans sit down, fondling their jeweled jars.
speaker_heading: HENDERSON
dialog: Say O'Connell, whadaya think these
dialog: honey's'll fetch back home?
speaker_heading: BURNS
dialog: We hear you gentlemen found yerselves
dialog: a nice gooey mummy. Congratulations.
speaker_heading: DANIELS
dialog: Ya know if ya dry him out, you can
dialog: sell him for firewood.
text: The Americans laugh. Evelyn walks up, sits down and drops a
text: pile of big dusty BUG SKELETONS onto the ground.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Scarabs, flesh eaters, I found them
dialog: inside our friend's coffin. They can
dialog: stay alive for years living off the
dialog: flesh of a corpse, or in this case...
text: She shrugs, then looks at the roasting meat
speaker_heading: EVELYN
text: Famished.
text: O'Connell and Jonathan stare at the bug skeletons, disgusted.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Are you saying somebody threw these
dialog: things in with our guy, and they
dialog: slowly ate him alive?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
text: Very slowly.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: He certainly was not a popular fellow
dialog: when they planted him.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Must of got a little too frisky with
dialog: the Pharaoh's daughter.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: According to my readings, our friend
dialog: suffered the HOM-DAI, the worst of
dialog: all ancient Egyptian curses, one
dialog: reserved for only the most evil
dialog: blasphemers. In all of my research,
dialog: I've never read of this curse actually
dialog: having been performed.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: That bad huh?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Yes, they never used it because they
dialog: feared it so. It's written, that if
dialog: a victim of the HOM-DAI should ever
dialog: arise, he would bring with him the
dialog: ten plagues of Egypt.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: The ten plagues?... You mean all ten
dialog: plagues.
speaker_heading: BENI
dialog: Like what that Moses guy did to that
dialog: Pharaoh guy?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: That's one way of putting it.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Let's see, there was frogs, flies,
dialog: locusts...
speaker_heading: BURNS
text: Hail and fire.
speaker_heading: HENDERSON
text: The sun turning black.
speaker_heading: DANIELS
text: Water turning to blood.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: And my personal favorite: people
text: covered in boils and sores.
text: All the men share nervous looks, really spooked. Evelyn just
text: laughs at them, then pulls a meat stick out of the fire.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Fried gizzard anyone?
scene_heading: EXT. CAMP - LATER THAT NIGHT
text: Having just freshened up for bed, Evelyn exits the temple
text: and steps past the sleeping Diggers. She spots the
text: Egyptologist, his jeweled canopic jar snug under one arm,
text: the Book Of The Dead laying loose under the other. Evelyn
text: stares at the Book, nervously biting her lip, then she sneaks
text: over, carefully steals it, and quickly tip-toes away.
text: Lying on some blankets by the campfire, O'Connell rolls over
text: and sees Evelyn, sitting wide-eyed, staring at the Book.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: You sure you outta be playin, around
dialog: with that?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: It's just a book, no harm ever came
dialog: from a book.
text: Evelyn opens the cover. THE FIRE FLICKERS. She and O'Connell
text: share a nervous look, then Evelyn shrugs and starts reading.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Ahm kum Ra. Ahm kum Dei.
text: Evelyn continues READING THE BOOK ALOUD IN ANCIENT EGYPTIAN.
scene_heading: INT. IMHOTEP'S CHAMBER - NIGHT
text: Evelyn's VOICE is OVERLAID as WE START WIDE on Imhotep's
text: chamber and SLOWLY PUSH IN on his sarcophagus. WE PUSH IN
text: over the lip of the coffin, then closer and closer towards
text: Imhotep's rotten, twisted head, until his putrid face fills
text: FRAME, -- and then suddenly his crusty eyelids Pop OPEN!
scene_heading: Revealing EMPTY SOCKETS. -- BIG SCARY MUSIC STING.
scene_heading: EXT. BASE CAMP - NIGHT
text: The Egyptologist sits bolt upright. Quickly looks around,
text: sees Evelyn reading the Book. He gets up and runs for her.
speaker_heading: EGYPTOLOGIST
dialog: NO! NOOOO! YOU MUST NOT!
text: He skids to a stop as a strange, piercing WHINE is heard,
text: coming from out in the desert. O'Connell and the others all
text: leap to their feet. The Americans run out of their tents.
text: The SOUND gets LOUDER and CLOSER. And then from out of the
text: darkness a HUGE WALL OF LOCUSTS SWIRLS into camp and envelops
text: everyone. O'Connell grabs Evelyn, and with Jonathan at their
text: side they race for the crevice, trying to fend off the horrid
text: vermin as they go. Beni and the Americans run for the temple.
text: The Egyptologist is covered in locusts. He stares at The
text: Book Of The Dead, looking haunted.
speaker_heading: EGYPTOLOGIST
dialog: What have we done?
text: The campfire is SUCKED UP INTO THE AIR
scene_heading: INT. LABYRINTH CORRIDOR - NIGHT
text: O'Connell, Evelyn and Jonathan race down the labyrinth,
text: slapping at themselves and picking locusts out of their hair
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Did you see that!? Grasshoppers!
dialog: Billions of grasshoppers!
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: That's one of the plagues, right?
dialog: The grasshopper plague!
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: This is not a plague. It's
dialog: generational. Every so many years
dialog: the locusts of Egypt have a population
text: explosion and they all take flight.
text: Evelyn steps forward, something SQUISHES. O'Connell lowers
text: his TORCH, -- the entire floor is FILLED WITH SLIMY FROGS.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Okay,... and what about frogs?
scene_heading: INT. LABYRINTH PASSAGEWAY - NIGHT
text: The Americans, Beni and the Diggers race into a passageway.
text: Burns is knocked down, his bifocals skitter across the ground,
text: they get CRUSHED in the stampede. Burns staggers to his feet,
text: squinting. BLURRY FIGURES vanish into the darkness,
speaker_heading: BURNS
dialog: Daniels! Henderson!
scene_heading: INT. LABYRINTH CORRIDOR - NIGHT
text: The ground under O'Connell, Evelyn and Jonathan starts to
text: SHAKE. Then suddenly, right in front of them, -- HUNDREDS OF
text: CHITTERING SCARAB BEETLES BOIL UP OUT OF THE SAND. Start
text: scurrying towards them. Evelyn SCREAMS. Jonathan SCREAMS.
text: Even O'Connell almost screams. They turn around and haul
dialog: ass.
scene_heading: INT. PASSAGEWAY - NIGHT
text: Burns staggers down a passageway, squinting, his hands out
text: in front of him, groping, trying not to bump into anything.
text: Then ten feet in front of him, a dark, blurry FIGURE steps
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: BURNS
dialog: Daniels?... is that you?
text: Burns half-blindly staggers forward. The Figure doesn't move.
speaker_heading: BURNS
dialog: Henderson?
text: Burns TRIPS, stumbles forward, towards the Figure, his hands
text: reach out and SINK INTO IMHOTEP'S PUTRID CHEST CAVITY. Burns
text: jumps like a scalded cat, pulls his hands out and looks at
text: them, -- HIS HANDS ARE COVERED IN MOLTEN FLESH ROT. He starts
text: to SCREAM. A SKELETAL HAND clamps over his mouth.
scene_heading: LABYRINTH STAIRCASE - NIGHT
text: O'Connell, Evelyn and Jonathan race up the staircase, just
text: ahead of the mass of SCURRYING, CHITTERING SCARABS.
text: O'Connell leaps out onto a pedestal. Jonathan jumps up next
text: to him. Evelyn jumps up into a grotto on the other side of
text: the narrow stairway. The horrible herd of vicious scarabs
text: scurries between them, their ear-piercing CHITTERS send
text: shivers up Evelyn's spine. She leans back. THE WALL MOVES.
text: Evelyn falls backwards through an opening. O'Connell and
text: Jonathan watch the scarabs vanish up the staircase. Then
text: they look across the way. Evelyn is gone.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
speaker_heading: EVY!?
scene_heading: SCARAB CHAMBER - NIGHT
text: Evelyn sits up, shakes the sand out of her hair, fearfully
text: looks around. It's almost PITCH BLACK. She gets up and feels
text: her way along the dark walls. She rounds a corner. A shaft
text: of MOONLIGHT filters in through a crack in the ceiling. A
text: MAN stands in the middle of the room. Evelyn walks towards
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Oh thank goodness, you're one of the
dialog: Americans, aren't you?
text: Just as she reaches him he turns around. It's Burns. BOTH OF
text: HIS EYES ARE MISSING. He stares at her with vacant sockets.
text: Evelyn SCREAMS in horror and backs away, hyperventilating,
text: she bumps into something. She SCREAMS again and spins around
text: It's Imhotep. With two fresh EYEBALLS in his sockets.
text: Evelyn SCREAMS again and backs away into a wall. Her hair is
text: down, her face is dirty and sweaty, her blouse is ripped,
text: her dress is torn, she's never looked sexier. Imhotep SQUINTS.
speaker_heading: IMHOTEP
dialog: Anck-su-namun?
scene_heading: LABYRINTH STAIRCASE - NIGHT
text: O'Connell is feeling his way around inside the grotto
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Damn-it! Must be a trap door around
dialog: here or somethin'.
text: And then they heat MEN SCREAMING, and suddenly, Henderson,
text: Daniels and one of the Diggers come running down the stairs.
speaker_heading: HENDERSON
text: RUN, YOU SONS-A-BITCHES! RUUUUN!
text: O'Connell and Jonathan join them as they hear the herd of
text: CHITTERING scarabs coming their way. The Digger suddenly
text: trips and falls. O'Connell slows down, about to go back and
text: help him. But it's too late. The Digger SCREAMS in horror as
text: the herd of scarabs run over him, eating straight through
text: him, leaving behind the Digger's half eaten skeleton. Daniels
text: Henderson and Jonathan react in horror. O'Connell's already
text: running, races right past them. The others turn and haul
dialog: ass.
scene_heading: SCARAB CHAMBER - NIGHT
text: Imhotep steps forward, -- the sand around him seems to
text: MAGNETIZE, swirling and dancing around his flaking skeletal
text: legs. Evelyn starts backing away, horrified, looks at Burns
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Help me,... please,... help me.
text: Burns opens his mouth, but can only GURGLE and MOAN because
text: HIS TONGUE IS MISSING. Imhotep grabs him, throws him to the
text: ground and sets his skeletal foot on Burns' chest, like a
text: big game hunter standing on his kill. Imhotep then parts his
text: fetid lips, -- A FRESH TONGUE FLAPS BETWEEN HIS ROTTED TEETH.
speaker_heading: IMHOTEP
dialog: Kadeesh pharos Anck-su-namun!
text: Evelyn shivers in fear. Suddenly, O'Connell comes flying
text: around the corner and runs right up to her.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Would you quit playin, around! Let's
dialog: get outta here already!
text: O'Connell sees the look in her eyes and turns around, -- at
text: the sight of Imhotep, O'Connell jumps back in fright.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
speaker_heading: WHOA!
text: O'Connell and Evelyn start backing away down the wall.
text: Imhotep glides sideways with them, like a tiger cornering
text: his prey, the sand around him SWIRLS and DANCES. Burns starts
text: to crawl away, whimpering as he goes. Imhotep suddenly stops
text: and UNHINGES his skeletal jaw, his skinless mouth stretches
text: to an inhuman size, and he lets out a horrific, primordial
speaker_heading: SHRIEK.
speaker_heading: IMHOTEP
scene_heading: ANCK-SU-NAMUUUUUN!!!!
text: Evelyn SCREAMS. O'Connell shudders, then, embarrassed by his
text: fear, he opens his own mouth and ROARS right back at him --
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Ahhhhhhhh!!
text: Then BLASTS him with the elephant gun, --BLAM! Through the
text: SMOKE AND FLAMMAGE we see Imhotep blown off his feet, his
text: ribcage half torn away. O'Connell grabs Evelyn and runs.
scene_heading: EXT. CREVICE - NIGHT
text: SAND and WIND whip through the ruins as O'Connell and Evelyn
text: stumble up out of the crevice and COME FACE-TO-FACE WITH TEN
text: ARMED MUMIA. The Mumia quickly raise their guns. O'Connell
text: and Evelyn quickly raise their hands. Jonathan, Henderson,
text: Daniels and the Egyptologist are already on their knees,
text: hands over their heads. Ardeth Ray steps forward.
speaker_heading: ARDETH RAY
dialog: I told you to leave or die, you
dialog: refused, and now you may have killed
dialog: us all. For you have unleashed the
dialog: creature that we have feared for
dialog: more than four thousand years.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Relax, I got him.
speaker_heading: ARDETH RAY
dialog: No mortal weapons can kill this
dialog: creature. He is not of this world.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Are we talkin, about the same
dialog: creature? The walking corpse? Really
dialog: big mouth? Really bad breath?
scene_heading: INT. ANUBIS' CHAMBER - NIGHT
text: Beni slowly backs up around Anubis, eyes wide, gun up. He
text: turns around, -- IMHOTEP IS RIGHT THERE! Beni SCREAMS, backs
text: away and OPENS FIRE. Six GUNSHOTS perforate Imhotep, but
text: have no effect except to SPLATTER molten flesh rot onto the
text: back wall. Beni retreats into a corner, scared shitless.
text: Imhotep moves forward, his one hand trying to stop the molten
text: mummy guts from oozing out of the large shotgun hole in his
text: side. Beni drops his gun and grabs at the CHAINS around his
text: neck, RELIGIOUS SYMBOLS AND ICONS dangle from each chain.
text: Beni holds the first one up: A CHRISTIAN CRUCIFIX. He quickly
text: makes the sign of-the cross and blesses himself in English:
speaker_heading: BENI
dialog: May the good Lord protect and watch
text: over me as a shepherd watches over
dialog: his flock. And may Satan in all his
text: forms be vanquished forever.
text: It has no effect on Imhotep, who continues forward. Beni
text: quickly grabs at the other symbols and icons, holding them
text: out towards Imhotep, one after the other, trying to slow his
dialog: progress: an Islamic Sword and Crescent Moon necklace; a
text: Hindu Brahma medallion; a small Buddhist Bodhisattva statue.
text: All while blessing himself in Arabic, Hindi, Chinese and
text: Latin. Nothing works. Imhotep's skeletal hand reaches for
text: Beni's throat. Tears run down Beni's cheeks he's so freaked.
text: And that's when he holds up THE STAR OF DAVID and blesses
text: himself in HEBREW. Imhotep stops in his tracks. His hand
text: lowers. His grotesque new eyeballs stare at Beni.
speaker_heading: IMHOTEP
dialog: (subtitled)
dialog: The language of the slaves.
text: Looks at him quizzically. Imhotep takes a step back.
speaker_heading: IMHOTEP
dialog: (in Hebrew -- subtitled)
dialog: I may have use for you. And the
dialog: rewards will be great.
text: Imhotep reaches into his tattered robe, and then holds out
text: his fetid hand, filled with squirming MAGGOTS. Beni cringes,
text: about to throw up, but then the maggots part, -- revealing a
text: tiny pile of little JEWELS. Beni's eyes widen. Imhotep raises
text: his other hand, it holds Anck-su-namun's BROKEN CANOPIC JAR.
speaker_heading: IMHOTEP
dialog: Where are the other sacred jars?
scene_heading: EXT. CREVICE - NIGHT
text: Several Mumia drag Burns up, he stares out with vacant
text: sockets. Daniels and Henderson are especially horrified.
speaker_heading: DANIELS
dialog: You bastards!
speaker_heading: HENDERSON
dialog: What did you do to him!?
speaker_heading: ARDETH RAY
dialog: We saved him! Saved him before the
dialog: creature could finish his work. Now
dialog: leave, all of you, quickly, before
dialog: he finishes you all.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: You're not going to kill us?
text: Evelyn ELBOWS Jonathan in the ribs.
speaker_heading: ARDETH RAY
dialog: We must now hunt him down, and try
dialog: and find a way to kill him, before
dialog: he consumes the earth. Allah be with
dialog: us.
text: Ardeth Ray and the Mumia start heading down into the crevice.
text: O'Connell yells at them, trying to convince himself.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: I told ya, I already got him!
text: Ardeth Ray stops and looks back, deadly serious.
speaker_heading: ARDETH RAY
dialog: Know this, the creature will be coming
dialog: for you. He must consummate the curse.
dialog: And until he does, he will never
dialog: eat, he will never sleep, and he
dialog: will never stop.
text: Ardeth Ray turns and jumps down into the crevice,
scene_heading: EXT. RUINS - NIGHT
text: O'Connell and Jonathan boost Evelyn up onto a camel. Daniels
text: and Henderson throw Burns up onto another. The Egyptologist,
text: still clutching The Book Of The Dead, gets up on yet another.
text: They all head off into the dark, windblown desert...
text: And then in the extreme foreground, A SKELETAL HAND SUDDENLY
text: PUNCHES UP OUT OF THE SAND, ACCOMPANIED BY THE MOST HORRIFIC,
scene_heading: PRIMORDIAL SHRIEK IMAGINABLE --
speaker_heading: IMHOTEP
scene_heading: ANCK-SU-NAMUUUUUN!!!!
scene_heading: EXT. BRITISH FORT - CAIRO - DAY
text: A British flag flies over BRITISH SOLDIERS manning the front
text: gate. Our tired, disheveled Heroes saunter up on their dusty
text: camels. The Soldiers check their papers, then let them enter.
scene_heading: INT. EVELYN'S QUARTERS - DAY
text: A steamer trunk is slammed to the floor and thrown open.
text: O'Connell chucks a load of DRESSES into the trunk.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: I thought you didn't believe in this
dialog: stuff!?
text: O'Connell heads for the closet. Evelyn UNPACKS the dresses
speaker_heading: EVELYN
text: Having an encounter with a four
text: thousand year old walking-talking
text: corpse tends to convert one.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Forget it, we're out the door down
text: the hall and gone.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: No, we are not.
text: O'Connell throws a handful of her underthings into the trunk.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Oh yes we are.
text: O'Connell continues to PACK Evelyn's clothes as she continues
dialog: to UNPACK them:
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: No we are not. We woke him up, and
dialog: we must try and stop him.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: We?! What we?! You didn't read that
dialog: book. I told you not to play around
dialog: with that thing.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Alright then, Me, I,... I read the
dialog: book, I woke him up and I intend to
dialog: stop him.
text: O'Connell angrily stretches a bra between his hands.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: How!? You heard the man, no mortal
dialog: weapons can kill this guy.
text: Evelyn grabs the bra and throws it into a drawer.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Then we'll have to find some immortal
dialog: ones.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: There goes that belief again. Not
dialog: me, I am outta here!
text: O'Connell stuffs a pile of Evelyn's shoes into the trunk.
text: Evelyn KICKS the lid shut, slamming it on his fingers.
text: O'Connell YELPS and angrily storms around the room sucking
text: his fingers as Evelyn follows him.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: According to that Book, once this
dialog: creature has been reborn, his curse
text: will spread, and as he grows in
dialog: strength, so will his curse grow,
dialog: infecting the people until the whole
text: of the earth is destroyed.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Yeah? So? Is that my problem?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: It's everybody's problem!
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Look lady, I appreciate you saving
dialog: my life and all, but when I signed
dialog: on, I agreed to take you out there
dialog: and bring you back, and I did, now
dialog: were even, end of job, end of story,
dialog: contract terminated.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: That's what I am to you? A contract?
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: You can either tag along with me, or
dialog: you can stay here and play around
dialog: with Mister Maggot.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I'm staying.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
speaker_heading: FINE.
text: O'Connell storms out and SLAMS the door. A BEAT. Then the
text: door opens and O'Connell's hand reaches back in and throws a
text: handful of frilly panties to the floor. SLAM goes the door.
scene_heading: EXT. BRITISH FORT COMPOUND - DAY
text: O'Connell angrily strides through the compound. He sees Beni
text: coming up the path with a MAN dressed in hooded robes, his
text: face covered by an ornate death mask. Imhotep disguised.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Beni ya little stinkweed, where did
dialog: you slink off to?
speaker_heading: BENI
dialog: You left me! You left me in the desert
dialog: to rot.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Oh yeah,... sorry bout that.
dialog: (gestures to Imhotep)
dialog: So who's this guy?
speaker_heading: BENI
dialog: This is Prince Imhotep, High Priest
dialog: of Osiris.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Oh, hey, how ya doin'?
text: O'Connell sticks out his hand, -- Imhotep instantly recoils
text: O'Connell gives him the once-over. Beni quickly covers.
speaker_heading: BENI
dialog: The Prince does not like to be touched
text: by other humans. A Silly eastern
dialog: superstition, I'm afraid.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Yeah, well, we all got our little
dialog: problems today don't we?
speaker_heading: BENI
text: He has come to help Mister Burns.
dialog: Somehow I feel responsible.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Don't gimme that, you never had any
text: scruples.
speaker_heading: BENI
dialog: Do you know where I can steal some?
text: O'Connell fake-punches him. Beni flinches. O'Connell gives
text: Imhotep a look as he strides off.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: See ya around, Padre.
text: Imhotep's grotesque new eyes glare out from behind the mask.
scene_heading: INT. CASBAH - DAY
dialog: The proverbial den-of-iniquity. Hard men, hard women and
text: hard liquor. Lots of deals going down. An OLDER GUY with a
text: walrus mustache is drunk and talking to some tough customers.
text: He wears British WWI fighter pilot gear. Meet WINSTON HAVLOCK.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: I'm the last of the Royal Force still
dialog: stationed here, you know? All the
text: other laddies died in the air and
text: were buried in the sand.
text: The tough customers shove him away. Winston staggers over to
text: O'Connell and Jonathan at the bar, not missing a beat.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: Ever since the end of the Great War,
dialog: there hasn't been a single challenge
dialog: worthy of a man like me.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: I've heard it before, Winston.
text: O'Connell shoves him away. Winston staggers back to Jonathan.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: I just wish I would've chucked it
text: with the other laddies, gone down in
text: a flame of glory, instead of sitting
text: around here, rotting from boredom
dialog: and booze!
text: Jonathan shoves him towards another group of unlucky sods
text: Henderson and Daniels sidle up to the bar next to them.
text: Burns, now tongue-less, talks with a severe impediment.
speaker_heading: BURNS
text: The drawer there, spectacles.
dialog: (tries to laugh)
dialog: As you see, I won't be needing them.
text: Imhotep opens the drawer and pulls out some bifocals. He
text: puts the bifocals on over his death mask, -- and grins
text: broadly, his rotted teeth showing through the mouth hole.
speaker_heading: BENI
dialog: Mister Burns, Prince Imhotep thanks
dialog: you for your spectacles, -- and for
dialog: your eyes,... and for your tongue.
text: The expression on Burns' face starts to change, very puzzled.
speaker_heading: BENI
dialog: But I am afraid more is needed, the
dialog: Prince says he must finish the job,
dialog: consummate the curse which you and
dialog: your friends have brought down upon
dialog: yourselves.
text: A look of pure fear registers on Burns, face. Beni quickly
text: backs away and runs out of the room. Imhotep picks up the
text: sacred canopic jar, then removes the death mask, revealing
text: his hideous, shattered CORPSE-SKULL.
scene_heading: INT. CASBAH - DAY
text: Three shot glasses clink together. O'Connell, Jonathan and
text: Henderson slug 'em down, -- all three of them instantly SPIT
text: OUT the liquid. Half the bar SPITS OUT their drinks as well.
speaker_heading: HENDERSON
dialog: Sweet Jesus! That tasted just like,...
dialog: like...
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Blood.
text: They all look at each other, even more nervous.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: "And the rivers and waters of Egypt
dialog: went red and were as blood."
text: A look passes over O'Connell's face, a realization.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: He's here.
text: He suddenly jumps away from the bar and runs for the door.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Who's here!?
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: The guy! The Priest! THE MUMMY!
scene_heading: EXT. BRITISH FORT COMPOUND - DAY
text: LIGHTNING FLASHES as O'Connell races across the compound,
text: knocking several Soldiers out of his way, panic stricken.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
text: Evelyn!! EVELYYYYNN!!!
scene_heading: EXT. BRITISH FORT COURTYARD - DAY
text: Evelyn calmly steps into a courtyard carrying a handful of
text: books. A BLAST OF THUNDER AND LIGHTNING scares her. She drops
text: half the books. Then a HAND GRABS HER! She jumps again and
text: drops the rest of the books. It's O'Connell, breathing hard.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: We got problems.
text: And that's when a barrage of HAIL AND FIRE slams into the
text: courtyard. O'Connell and Evelyn jump back. A water fountain
text: bursts into STEAM. A wooden trellis catches FIRE. O'Connell
text: and Evelyn run under the eaves as SOLDIERS, SERVANTS and
text: CAMELS run in every direction, trying to avoid the maelstrom.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: He's here! I saw him! That thing is
dialog: here!
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: The creature!? Are you sure!?
text: O'Connell gives her an incredulous look and gestures at the
speaker_heading: HAIL and FIRE.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Pretty sure!
text: The HAIL and FIRE come to a stop. Everything goes dead quiet.
text: O'Connell and Evelyn freeze. And then a BLOOD CURDLING SCREAM
text: is heard coming from the living quarters directly above them.
text: O'Connell and Evelyn race up the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. BURNS' QUARTERS - DAY
text: O'Connell and Evelyn race into the room, past the Servant
text: who is running out SCREAMING. They skid to a stop as they
text: spot Burns, or what's left of him, lying dead on the floor, --
text: HIS BODY IS SHRIVELED TO HALF IT'S SIZE.
text: Drained of all organs and liquids. O'Connell and Evelyn are
text: shocked. Then they hear a LOUD MOAN and notice Imhotep
text: standing on the far side of the room. O'Connell draws his
dialog: gun.
text: Imhotep is REGENERATING: A thick skin FORMS over powerful
text: new musculature. His tendons RIPPLE. His bones BULGE and
text: REFORM. His mouth opens to an inhuman size as he MOANS and
text: CRIES OUT, in severe pain. And then it's over. And he looks
text: like an incredibly muscular, corpse-like vision from hell.
text: The 'Terminator' Mummy. O'Connell and Evelyn are stunned.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: We are in serious trouble.
text: Imhotep starts to move towards them, staring at Evelyn.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Back off, creep.
text: Imhotep keeps coming. O'Connell OPENS FIRE. BLASTING Imhotep
text: Bullets RIP through his body. Imhotep doesn't seem to mind.
text: Jonathan, Henderson and Daniels run into the room. They're
text: all stunned at the sight of Imhotep.
text: O'Connell steps forward, throws a RIGHT HOOK, punches Imhotep
text: in the face, -- HIS FIST GOES THROUGH IMHOTEP'S SKULL AND
text: GETS STUCK DEEP INSIDE HIS HEAD. O'Connell stares at it,
text: shocked, then quickly YANKS his fist back out. The area of
text: Imhotep's face that came into contact with O'Connell's fist
text: quickly DEGENERATES and DECAYS, right down to the bone, as
text: if O'Connell's hand instantly infected it.
text: Imhotep angrily turns, grabs O'Connell, and with no effort,
text: THROWS him across the room and into Jonathan and the others
text: knocking them down. Imhotep looks at his hand, the one that
text: just grabbed O'Connell, -- IT STARTS TO SHRIVEL and DECAY.
text: He quickly turns to Evelyn. Evelyn backs away into a wall,
text: terrorized. Imhotep steps up to her.
speaker_heading: IMHOTEP
dialog: You saved me from the undead. For
dialog: this, I shall make you immortal.
text: He leans in, about to kiss her with his decayed face.
text: And that's when a WHITE CAT jumps onto the piano, HISSING.
text: Imhotep SHRIEKS. The balcony doors BLOW OPEN. Imhotep spins
text: into a BLAST OF WIND AND SAND and SWIRLS out the doors. Gone.
text: O'Connell, Evelyn, Jonathan and Daniels stand transfixed.
text: Henderson kneels next to Burns, shriveled body, horrified.
speaker_heading: HENDERSON
dialog: The curse. The curse.
scene_heading: INT. MUSEUM OF ANTIQUITIES - DAY
text: O'Connell, Jonathan, Henderson and Daniels follow Evelyn
text: across the Ramesseum.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: There's only one person I know who
dialog: can possibly give us some answers.
text: They round a corner and come upon the Curator, -- who is
text: talking with Ardeth Ray. Everybody stops.
speaker_heading: EVERYBODY
dialog: YOU!
text: O'Connell and the American's quickly draw their guns. Ardeth
text: Ray just scowls. The Curator nods his head.
speaker_heading: CURATOR
dialog: Miss Carnavon. Gentlemen.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: What is he doing here?
speaker_heading: CURATOR
dialog: Do you truly wish to know? Or would
dialog: you prefer to just shoot us?
text: Everybody tenses, guns up. Then O'Connell uncocks his .38.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
text: I just saw my fist vanish into some
text: guy's head.
text: He slides his gun back into his shoulder-holster.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: I'm willin, to go on a little faith,
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: CURATOR
dialog: You will not believe it.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Try me.
scene_heading: INT. RAMESSEUM - MOMENTS LATER
text: Everyone is assembled around the tomb display of Seti The
dialog: First.
text: We recognize his chariot and sword. The Curator sits on Seti's
dialog: throne.
speaker_heading: CURATOR
dialog: We are part of an ancient secret
dialog: society, the cult-of-the-Mumia, and
dialog: we have a sacred mission, passed
dialog: down through thirty-nine generations.
dialog: For over four thousand years we have
dialog: guarded The City Of The Dead. we are
dialog: sworn at manhood to do any and all
dialog: in our power to stop the High Priest
dialog: Imhotep from being reborn into this
dialog: world.
speaker_heading: ARDETH RAY
dialog: And because of you, we have failed.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: (appalled)
dialog: And you think this justifies killing
dialog: innocent people!?
speaker_heading: CURATOR
dialog: To have stopped this creature? Yes!
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Okay, let's cut to the chase. He's
dialog: afraid of cats, what's that about?
speaker_heading: CURATOR
dialog: According to the ancients, cat's are
text: the guardians at the gates of the
dialog: underworld. Imhotep will fear them
text: until he is fully regenerated, and
dialog: then he will fear nothing.
text: Daniels is totally wigged-out, he looks at O'Connell.
speaker_heading: DANIELS
dialog: Right! And ya know how he gets fully
dialog: regenerated?! By killing everybody
dialog: who opened that chest and sucking us
dialog: dry! That's how!
speaker_heading: CURATOR
dialog: Yes, the creature must first try and
dialog: regenerate, and then he will attempt
dialog: to resurrect the one he has loved
dialog: for more than four thousand years.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Anck-su-namun.
text: The Curator and Ardeth Ray look at Evelyn, thunderstruck.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: In the necropolis, when I saw him, -
dialog: alive,... walking, he called me Anck-
dialog: su-namun. And then in Mister Burns'
dialog: quarters he tried to kiss me.
speaker_heading: CURATOR
dialog: It is because it was you who read
dialog: from the Book. He has chosen you to
dialog: be the human sacrifice needed to
text: regenerate the body of Anck-su-namun.
text: Jonathan scratches his ear with the barrel of his pistol.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: This is not good. Not good at all.
text: Ardeth Ray has been staring out a wall of windows.
speaker_heading: ARDETH RAY
text: Tonight is the full moon. The moon
dialog: of Osiris. It will begin tonight.
text: Everyone follows Ardeth Ray's eyes, through the windows we
text: can see the SUN, -- which is now going into a FULL ECLIPSE.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: "...and he stretched forth his hands
dialog: towards the heavens, and there was
text: darkness throughout the land of
dialog: Egypt."
scene_heading: EXT. BRITISH FORT - WINDOW - DAY FOR NIGHT
text: O'Connell looks out a window at the British Soldiers manning
text: the walls. Above and beyond them, -- is the BLACK SUN.
scene_heading: EXT. EVELYN'S FOYER - DAY FOR NIGHT
text: Evelyn and Jonathan are pacing the foyer
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: We must stop him from regenerating.
text: She turns to Daniels and Henderson.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Who opened that chest?
speaker_heading: HENDERSON
dialog: Well, there was me and Daniels here
dialog: and then poor Burns of course, oh
dialog: yeah, and that Egyptologist fella.
text: O'Connell turns from the window.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: What about my buddy, Beni?
speaker_heading: DANIELS
dialog: Naw, he scrammed outta there,
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: We must find the Egyptologist and
dialog: bring him back here to the safety of
text: the fort, before the creature can
dialog: get to him.
text: O'Connell looks at Evelyn, Daniels and Henderson.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Okay,... Evelyn, you wait here, you
dialog: two come with me.
text: All three of them pounce on him at once --
speaker_heading: HENDERSON
dialog: The hell with that! I'm not goin'
dialog: nowhere! We're safe here.
speaker_heading: DANIELS
dialog: Yeah, I'm not leavin, this fort for
dialog: nothin'.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Who put you in charge? You can't
dialog: just leave me behind like some old
dialog: suitcase. I'm the one responsible
dialog: for this mess and I intend to be the
dialog: one to clean it up.
text: O'Connell just shakes his head and SIGHS. Totally put-upon.
text: Then he takes Evelyn, shoves her into the bedroom, slams the
text: door and locks it with a skeleton key. From inside her room
text: we can hear Evelyn POUNDING on the door and YELLING.
text: O'Connell throws the skeleton key to Daniels.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Keep an eye on her. If you leave her
dialog: door, I'll rip your spleen out. C'mon,
dialog: Jonathan.
text: Jonathan swallows hard and points to himself.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Me?
scene_heading: CAIRO ALLEYWAYS - BAZAAR - DAY FOR NIGHT
text: The Egyptologist stumbles through the dark alleys, looking
text: haunted. He clutches the Book of The Dead in one hand and
text: his SACRED CANOPIC JAR in the other. Imhotep is stalking
text: him. A STREET VENDOR turns and sees Imhotep's horribly decayed
dialog: face.
text: He reacts and scurries away. Imhotep lifts his robe, covers
text: his face, and moves in on the Egyptologist, who is heading
dialog: into the bazaar. WE PAN UP TO --
scene_heading: THE EGYPTOLOGIST'S OFFICE - DAY FOR NIGHT
text: Beni is RANSACKING the joint, pulling out drawers and files
text: and throwing them on the floor. He finds a silver pocket
text: watch, shakes it, then throws it into his pocket, then he
text: starts tipping over bookcases and clearing shelves.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL (O.S.)
dialog: Well, well, well.
text: Beni spins around. O'Connell and Jonathan stand in the door.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Lemme guess, spring cleaning?
text: Beni turns and runs for an open window. O'Connell grabs a
text: chair, FLINGS IT into his path. Beni TRIPS and CRASHES into
text: a wall. O'Connell strides over, grabs him and lifts him up
text: the wall. Beni's feet dangle off the floor.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Where's your new friend?
speaker_heading: BENI
dialog: What friend? You're my only friend.
text: O'Connell quickly slides his knife up under Beni's chin.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Then you got no excuse for living.
dialog: What the hell you doin, being buddies
dialog: with this creep, Beni? What's in it
dialog: for you?
speaker_heading: BENI
dialog: It is better to be the right hand of
dialog: the Devil,... than in his path. As
dialog: long as I serve him, I am immune.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Immune from what?
speaker_heading: BENI
dialog: You shall see.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: What are you looking for? Lie, and
dialog: I'll slit your throat.
text: O'Connell shoves the knife deeper into Beni's skin.
speaker_heading: BENI
dialog: The book! The black book they found
dialog: at Hamunaptra! Imhotep wants it back.
dialog: Said to me it would be worth it's
dialog: weight in diamonds.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: What does he want the book for?
speaker_heading: BENI
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Something about bringing his dead
dialog: girly-friend back to life. He needs
dialog: the book...
dialog: (looks at Jonathan)
dialog: And your sister.
text: O'Connell looks at Jonathan. Beni seizes the moment and KNEES
text: O'Connell in the balls. O'Connell doubles over and collapses.
text: Beni leaps out the window. Jonathan cringes.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: That looked rather painful.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: (wincing)
dialog: Ya know, ever since I met you, my
dialog: luck has been for crap.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Yes, I know, I do that to people.
text: And that's when they hear a BLOOD CURDLING SCREAM coming
text: from down in the bazaar. O'Connell and Jonathan scramble to
dialog: the window and look out --
scene_heading: EXT. BAZAAR - DAY FOR NIGHT
text: Down in the bazaar, people are SCREAMING and quickly backing
text: away from the SHRIVELED CORPSE OF THE EGYPTOLOGIST.
text: A partially decayed HAND reaches down and takes the sacred
text: canopic jar out of the Egyptologist's shriveled hand. It's
text: Imhotep, having regenerated even further. He looks up and
text: catches eyes with O'Connell. Imhotep grins, then UNHINGES;
text: his jaw, his mouth stretches to an inhuman size, and then a
text: huge SWARM OF FLIES comes out of his mouth and races straight
text: up at O'Connell and Jonathan. They both SLAM the shutters.
text: The flies SLAM into the closed window and immediately spread
text: throughout the bazaar. Sending people SCREAMING and running.
scene_heading: EGYPTOLOGIST'S OFFICE - DAY FOR NIGHT
text: O'Connell and Jonathan look at each other, panicked.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Damn-it! That's two down and only
dialog: two to go.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: And then he'll be coming after Evy.
text: They turn and race out of the office.
scene_heading: BRITISH FORT - WINDOW --NIGHT
text: Daniels stares out a window, watching the British Guards at
text: the front gate. More Soldiers march the encircling parapet.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER
dialog: Ten o'clock! All is well!
text: The lights and MUSIC from the Casbah come up from below
scene_heading: INT. EVELYN'S FOYER - NIGHT
text: Daniels turns from the window. Henderson sits in a chair
text: next to Evelyn's door, chain smoking. Both look wired with
dialog: fear.
speaker_heading: DANIELS
dialog: The hell with this. I'm goin,
dialog: downstairs to get me a drink. You
dialog: want somethin'?
speaker_heading: HENDERSON
dialog: Yeah, get me a glass of bourbon, a
text: shot of bourbon and a bourbon chaser.
text: Daniels nods and heads out. Henderson just sits there, alone,
text: smoking. He reaches into his jacket pocket, pulls out his
text: SACRED CANOPIC JAR and fondles it. A BREEZE suddenly comes
text: in through the open window. The curtains flutter. Henderson
text: gets up and goes over to shut it. He looks out the window.
text: The CAMERA races over the compound, into the window and HITS
text: Henderson square in the FACE just as he's about to scream.
text: Henderson is lifted into the air by a mass of SWIRLING SAND.
text: His body TWISTS and TURNS and slowly SHRIVELS as the life is
text: SUCKED out of him.
text: Then he COLLAPSES to the floor. On the wall above him, the
text: SHADOW of the SWIRLING SAND condenses, forming a SHADOW of a
text: human body. The SHADOW CONVULSES as the body REGENERATES.
text: And then it's over.
text: Imhotep steps into view. He's regenerated even further and
text: looks almost normal now, his face no longer decayed. He steps
text: over Henderson's shriveled body and up to Evelyn's door,
text: rattles the knob. It's locked. Imhotep grins.
scene_heading: EVELYN'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Evelyn is asleep in her bed as SAND begins streaming in
text: through the keyhole, pouring onto the floor, forming a large
text: mound. Evelyn starts to toss and turn. WE PAN BACK OVER TO
text: THE DOOR: The mound of sand is gone and in it's place is
dialog: Imhotep.
scene_heading: INT. FOYER - NIGHT
text: O'Connell and Jonathan race into the foyer and skid to a
text: stop as they see Henderson's shriveled body on the floor.
text: O'Connell runs up to Evelyn's door and rattles the knob,
text: still locked. He bends down and looks in through the KEYHOLE.
scene_heading: EVELYN'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Imhotep leans down towards Evelyn, about to kiss her as she
text: sleeps. The door starts to CRASH and BANG from O'Connell.
text: Imhotep ignores it. And KISSES Evelyn. His lips and mouth
text: instantly start to DEGENERATE and DECAY. Right down to the
text: bone. The door BURSTS OPEN. Evelyn wakes up. Sees Imhotep's
text: rotted mouth kissing her. She SCREAMS and shoves him away.
text: Imhotep's putrid mouth grimaces in sadness.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Get your hands off my girl, pal.
text: Imhotep's sadness turns to anger as he spins around and faces
text: O'Connell. Imhotep licks his fetid lips. O'Connell smirks.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Nice lips.
text: Imhotep starts to move for O'Connell.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: I figured you might be here, so I
dialog: brought a friend.
text: He throws the white cat at Imhotep. Imhotep instinctively
dialog: catches it.
text: He SHRIEKS, drops the cat and stumbles back towards the
text: window, -- which suddenly BLOWS OPEN. Imhotep spins like a
text: dervish and BURSTS INTO A WHIRLWIND OF SAND.
text: Everybody covers their eyes. The Imhotep/sand-devil EXPLODES
text: out the window and vanishes over the compound.
text: Jonathan aims his gun at the window, his hand shaking badly.
text: O'Connell hugs Evelyn as she wipes her mouth in disgust.
text: Daniels walks in, looks at Henderson's shriveled body on the
text: floor... and drops the martini glasses.
scene_heading: INT. 1923 CONVERTIBLE DUSSENBERG - NIGHT
text: Jonathan races his big convertible through the streets,
text: HONKING constantly. Evelyn sits between him and O'Connell,
text: looking scared and nervous, then she gives O'Connell a look.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: You called me your girl?
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: What?... Oh yeah, that was just um,
dialog: you know, figure a speech.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I think you were jealous
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Jealous? You kiddin' me? Did you see
dialog: that guy's face?
text: Daniels leans forward from the back seat, filled with fear,
speaker_heading: DANIELS
dialog: Shut-up! JUST SHUT-UP! We gotta do
dialog: somethin'! we gotta do somethin,
dialog: NOW! Before it's too late!
text: They race into the driveway of the museum of Antiquities.
scene_heading: EXT. CAIRO BAZAAR - NIGHT
text: A FULL MOON now shines down on the bazaar, still bustling
text: with activity. Suddenly, a BREEZE kicks-in. GREEN MIST begins
text: to SWIRL down the street and through the stalls. The people
text: begin to CHOKE and COUGH and RETCH, as if being hit by a
dialog: severe sickness -- it's already too late.
text: Imhotep strolls through the sickened mob, his face half rotted
text: off, his deformed mouth grinning happily. Beni is at his
text: side, looking very nervous.
text: And then, one-by-one, the people silently begin to follow
text: Imhotep, their skin now covered in disgustingly hideous BOILS
text: AND SORES.
scene_heading: INT. MUSEUM OF ANTIQUITIES - NIGHT
text: O'Connell., Jonathan, Daniels, the Curator and Ardeth Ray
text: follow Evelyn as she strides through the museum.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Last month I came across an
dialog: inscription that mentioned The Book
dialog: Of The Dead.
speaker_heading: DANIELS
dialog: That book we found at Hamunaptra?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Yes. I dismissed it, because it talked
dialog: about bringing people back from the
dialog: dead. A notion I was unwilling to
dialog: believe.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Believe it, sister. That's what
dialog: brought our buddy back to life.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: And now he's going to use it to bring
dialog: his girlfriend back
speaker_heading: ARDETH RAY
dialog: And if he succeeds, the two of them
dialog: together will bring about the
text: apocalypse.
text: The Curator joins Evelyn at her side as she heads up the
text: stairs, everyone else in hot pursuit.
speaker_heading: THE CURATOR
dialog: The plagues we have seen so far, are
text: merely Imhotep flexing his muscles.
text: Only at the moment of Anck-su-namun's
dialog: resurrection will he be truly
text: invincible.
text: They reach the display cases. Evelyn quickly opens them.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I'm thinking that if the black Book
dialog: Of The Dead can bring people back to
dialog: life --
speaker_heading: CURATOR
dialog: -- then perhaps, the golden Book Of
dialog: The Living can return them to the
dialog: underworld.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Exactly --
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: So your sayin', if we find the book
dialog: made outta gold --
speaker_heading: CURATOR
dialog: -- And read the sacred incantations
text: contained inside it.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: You think it'll send this guy back
dialog: to hell?
speaker_heading: CURATOR
dialog: Correct, And that's when --
text: LOUD CHANTING is heard coming from outside. They all rush
text: over to the upper windows and look down -- OUTSIDE: A large,
text: CRAZED MOB covered in hideous boils and sores comes CHANTING
text: up the driveway: 'Anck-su-namun! Anck-su-namun!'
speaker_heading: ARDETH RAY
text: It has begun. The beginning of the
dialog: end.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Not quite yet it hasn't. C'mon.
text: Evelyn dashes back to the display cases. Everyone follows.
scene_heading: EXT. MUSEUM - NIGHT
text: The crazed mob CRASHES into the huge front doors, which are
text: locked. They pound furiously, throwing themselves at it while
text: CHANTING CONSTANTLY. Imhotep solemnly comes up the driveway.
scene_heading: INT. MUSEUM OF ANTIQUITIES - UPPER BALCONY - NIGHT
text: The BANGING on the doors can be heard as Evelyn and the
text: Curator quickly sort through broken pieces of stone tablets.
text: The others watch. Evelyn pulls out a large piece.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Got it!
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Got what?
text: The BANGING gets LOUDER. Multiple windows SHATTER. Evelyn
text: talks while quickly translating the tablet:
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Since the black Book of The Dead was
text: found inside the statue of Anubis,
dialog: then according to this, the golden
dialog: Book of The Living should be inside...
text: Evelyn finds the translation in the tablet and smiles.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: DANIELS
dialog: WHAT!?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: The golden Book Of The Living, is
text: inside the statue of Horus.
speaker_heading: CURATOR
dialog: Which would be located not far to
text: the east of the Anubis statue.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Don't tell me we gotta go back out
dialog: there?
speaker_heading: CURATOR
dialog: If we want to kill the creature,
dialog: yes.
text: TWO HIDEOUS BOIL &amp; SORE-COVERED MEN charge out of a doorway,
text: SCREAMING. O'Connell and Ardeth Ray grab them and chuck them
text: over the railing. The men fly through the air and CRASH into
text: the lower display cases. The front doors suddenly BURST OPEN,
text: The crazed mob pours into the museum. our heroes haul ass
text: across the balcony and down the staircase.
scene_heading: EXT. MUSEUM OF ANTIQUITY - NIGHT
text: Jonathan sneaks out of some bushes and quickly heads for his
text: convertible. Suddenly, a splinter group of the diseased mob
text: comes around the side of the museum. Jonathan instantly bugs
text: his eyes out, starts drooling, and begins CHANTING --
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Anck-su-namun! Anck-su-namun!
text: The crazed group runs past him and heads into the front doors
text: of the museum. Jonathan leaps into the convertible, fires it
text: up and 180's it back over to the bushes.
text: O'Connell, Evelyn, Daniels, Ardeth Ray and the Curator jump
text: inside the car. Beni steps out of the museum and sees them.
speaker_heading: BENI
dialog: Imhotep! IMHOTEP!
text: Imhotep looks out of the museum from the shattered upper
text: windows just as the convertible PEELS OUT. O'Connell points
text: a finger at Beni as they race past him.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: You're gonna get yours, pal!
text: Imhotep UNHINGES his jaw, his mouth stretches to an inhuman
text: size, he lets out one of his horrific, primordial SHRIEKS.
text: His disease-ridden disciples immediately begin pouring out
text: of the front doors of the museum and chasing after the car.
scene_heading: EXT. BAZAAR - NIGHT
text: The convertible hauls ass down the narrow bazaar street.
text: Crazies start jumping out of stalls and LEAPING onto the
text: car. O'Connell and the others fight them off, throwing them
text: overboard. More people JUMP on. Jonathan SWERVES the car,
text: CRASHES through some stalls, knocking them off, but not before
text: they manage to open the back door and YANK Daniels out. He
text: TUMBLES across the pavement. Gets up SHOOTING. Backs into a
text: corner, FIRING his pistol into the hideous rabble, killing
text: several, keeping them at bay. His gun goes empty, CLICK!
text: CLICK! CLICK! But the mob stays back, looking at him like
text: rabid vultures. Daniels eyes them, filled with fear.
text: The mob parts like the red sea as Imhotep walks through them
text: and up to Daniels. Daniels whimpers in fear, tears pour down
text: his cheeks. Then he gets an idea, reaches into his pocket,
text: and pulls out his jewel encrusted SACRED CANOPIC JAR. He
text: holds it out for Imhotep. Imhotep takes it and grins. Through
text: his tears, Daniels grins back, hopeful that he'll be spared.
text: WE CUT WIDE: Somewhere in the middle of the crazed, diseased
text: mob, we hear Daniels give out A BLOOD CURDLING SCREAM...
scene_heading: INT./EXT. CONVERTIBLE - STREETS - NIGHT
text: The convertible slowly motors down the narrow alleys. WE
text: DOLLY across the hood of the car from Jonathan to Evelyn to
text: O'Connell. Ardeth Ray and the Curator are still in the back.
text: All of them staring out the front windshield. Freaked-out.
text: Then suddenly one of the hideous ghouls CRASHES through the
text: windshield! Everybody SCREAMS. Jonathan hits the gas, loses
text: control, the car SLAMS into a wall. O'Connell grabs Evelyn.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: C'mon! C'mon! Let's go! Let's go!
text: They all leap out of the car. But the angry, festering mob
text: quickly surrounds them. O'Connell quickly reaches into his
text: gunny-sack, pulls out a stick of dynamite, then reaches into
text: his pocket and pulls out a match. He looks around for a way
text: to light it, then reaches over and strikes it across Ardeth
text: Ray's stubbly face. Ardeth Ray YELPS. O'Connell holds the
text: lit match near the fuse.
text: The crazed, CHANTING mob gives O'Connell a wide berth, staring
text: at him and the others with insane, bloodshot eyes.
text: And then Imhotep steps through, -- having fully regenerated,
text: he now looks as young and handsome and muscular as he did
text: the day he was buried alive. Evelyn stares at him.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: He's gorgeous.
text: O'Connell gives her a look, the match burns his fingers. He
text: YELPS and throws it down, grabs another match and strikes it
text: across Ardeth Ray's face again. Ardeth Ray YELPS and gives
text: O'Connell a look to kill. The Curator shakes his head.
speaker_heading: THE CURATOR
text: He has consummated the curse, now
dialog: all he need do is raise Anck-su-namun
dialog: from the dead, then it will be the
dialog: end of us, and the beginning for
dialog: them.
text: Imhotep moves forward, heading right for them. O'Connell
text: LIGHTS THE FUSE. Imhotep steps up to O'Connell and stops,
text: watching the fuse burn down. it's a game of chicken. The
text: tension mounts. The LIT FUSE is about to vanish inside the
text: stick of dynamite, blowing it up, -- when Evelyn leans forward
text: and blows it out. O'Connell exhales, but keeps his eyes on
text: Imhotep, who extends his hand to Evelyn.
speaker_heading: IMHOTEP
dialog: Koontash dai na.
text: Beni steps through the swarming mass, translating.
speaker_heading: BENI
dialog: Take his hand and he will spare the
dialog: others.
text: Evelyn hesitates, looks around at the huge, bloodthirsty
text: crowd surrounding them, holding axes, picks and scimitars,
text: waiting to pounce, then she looks at Imhotep, confident,
text: powerful, invincible. Then she looks at O'Connell.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Any bright ideas?
text: O'Connell talks through angry, grit teeth.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Sorry, fresh out.
text: Evelyn looks back at Imhotep, then starts to reach out to
text: take his hand. Both O'Connell and Jonathan move to stop her, --
text: but Ardeth Ray grabs them both and holds them tight.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Don't do it, Evelyn.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I have no choice.
text: Evelyn's trembling hand touches Imhotep's: His hand closes
text: around hers. Nothing happens. Imhotep smiles.
speaker_heading: IMHOTEP
dialog: Keetah mi pharos, aja nilo, isirlan.
speaker_heading: BENI
dialog: Come with me my princess. It is time
dialog: to make you mine, forever.
text: Evelyn gives Beni a nasty look, correcting him --
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: All eternity, idiot.
text: Then she looks at O'Connell and puts on her best face.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: You better think of something, because
dialog: if he turns me into a mummy, you're
dialog: the first one I'm coming after.
text: O'Connell almost smiles.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Got guts, lady.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Yes, I know, and I'd like to keep
dialog: them.
text: Imhotep suddenly notices something. He reaches forward and --
text: RIPS THE KEY/BOX OUT OF JONATHAN'S UPPER JACKET POCKET.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Hey that's mine -- !
text: Ardeth Ray holds Jonathan back. Imhotep pulls Evelyn away.
text: O'Connell can't take it anymore, he tries to break free of
text: Ardeth Ray's grip.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Evelyn!
text: The huge, powerful man holds him tight.
speaker_heading: ARDETH RAY
dialog: Be calm. There is still time. We can
dialog: stop him yet.
text: The crowd parts for Imhotep and Evelyn. And then Imhotep
text: stops and looks back at O'Connell.
speaker_heading: IMHOTEP
dialog: Pared oos.
text: Evelyn SCREAMS.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: NOOO!!
text: Beni smiles.
speaker_heading: BENI
dialog: Kill them.
text: Imhotep pulls her away. O'Connell breaks free of Ardeth Ray's
text: grip and stumbles forward.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
speaker_heading: EVELYN!
text: But the rabid vultures are already moving in for the kill.
text: O'Connell quickly bends down, pulls open a CISTERN/MANHOLE
text: COVER and shoves Jonathan down inside it, then jumps in after
text: him. The Curator pushes Ardeth Ray towards the cistern hole.
speaker_heading: CURATOR
dialog: Go! Find a way! Kill the creature!
text: The Curator turns and throws himself at the mob as Ardeth
text: Ray crawls down into the hole. The mob tears the Curator
dialog: apart.
scene_heading: INT. CATACOMBS - NIGHT
text: O'Connell, Jonathan and Ardeth Ray slosh their way down the
text: watery catacomb, crazies pouring in behind them. Up ahead, a
text: LIGHT suddenly shines in from another cistern hole, and then
text: more of the infected crowd drop down, SCREECHING like rats.
text: O'Connell jags right, pushing Jonathan and Ardeth Ray ahead
text: of him, he strikes a match off the wall, lights the nubby
text: fuse on a stick of dynamite, throws it, and runs like hell.
text: FIRE BLAST incinerates a bunch of crazies.
scene_heading: STREET - ALLEY - NIGHT
text: The EXPLOSION blows a cistern cover fifty feet into the air,
text: followed by a mass of FLAMMAGE...
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY - NIGHT
text: A sewer grate is kicked out of a wall. O'Connell, Jonathan
text: and Ardeth Ray climb out of the hole and into AN ALLEY.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: We gotta get her back.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: I'm with you, old man. No one touches
dialog: my sister like that and gets away
dialog: with it.
text: O'Connell looks at Ardeth Ray.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: You know where he's taking her?
speaker_heading: ARDETH RAY
dialog: Yes. To Hamunaptra. To perform the
dialog: ritual.
text: Jonathan looks worried.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: And what ritual would that be?
speaker_heading: ARDETH RAY
dialog: The ritual to bring the body of Anck-
text: su-namun back to life.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: And how does one do that?
speaker_heading: ARDETH RAY
text: By reading the Book Of The Dead.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Oh yes, of course.
speaker_heading: ARDETH RAY
dialog: And then killing your sister.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Excuse me?
text: Ardeth Ray looks at O'Connell.
speaker_heading: ARDETH RAY
text: Imhotep is now able to cross the
text: desert with great haste.
text: Jonathan taps him in the shoulder.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Begging your pardon, but I wasn't
dialog: quite clear on that last part.
text: Ardeth Ray ignores him.
speaker_heading: ARDETH RAY
dialog: If he arrives before us, it will be
dialog: too late.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Did you say 'kill' my sister?
text: O'Connell smiles.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: I know how to beat him to it.
text: And on that WE SMASH CUT TO -- THE ERFOUD DUNES - DAWN
text: Jonathan's bashed-in convertible steams it's way up to a set
text: of semi-abandoned Quonset huts. A single WWI BIPLANE with
text: R.A.F. INSIGNIAS sits in the sand beside them. A SIGN READS:
scene_heading: HIS MAJESTY'S ROYAL AIR CORP
scene_heading: EXT. QUONSET HUT - DUNES - MINUTES LATER
text: O'Connell, Jonathan and Ardeth Ray stand before Winston
text: Havlock, the massive dunes of Erfoud as our background.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: So what's your little problem got to
dialog: do with His Majesty's Royal Air Corp?
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Not a god-damned thing.
text: Winston looks intrigued.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: Is it dangerous?
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: You probably won't live through it.
dialog: This really interests him.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: By Jove, do you really think so?
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Everybody else we've bumped into has
dialog: died, why not you?
text: Winston nods his head, he's hooked.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: So what's the challenge then?
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: To save the damsel in distress, kill
text: the bad guy and steal his treasure.
text: A slow grin spreads across Winston's face, then he gives
text: them a snappy salute.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: Winston Havlock at your service,
dialog: sir!
speaker_heading: SAHARA - DAY
text: Way off across the desert, a large SAND-DEVIL races over the
text: dunes. The SANDY WHIRLWIND comes to a stop and starts to
text: dissipate. Evelyn and Beni are suddenly ejected out of it,
text: they land in a dune. The SWIRLING SAND CONDENSES AND FORMS
text: INTO IMHOTEP. He looks up into the sky, listening carefully.
text: Evelyn shakes the sand out of her hair and looks at Beni.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: What just happened?
speaker_heading: BENI
dialog: All I remember is him turning into a
dialog: blast of sand,... and then I remember
dialog: nothing.
text: Then they hear a plane in the sky and look up.
scene_heading: INT. BIPLANE - DAY
text: The WIND whips at Winston in the cockpit. O'Connell sits in
text: the gunner's compartment. Jonathan is strapped spread-eagle
text: across the left wing, Ardeth Ray is tied tight to the right.
text: Both men are scared out of their wits and SCREAMING in fear.
scene_heading: EXT. SAHARA - DAY
text: Imhotep's jaw UNHINGES, his mouth opens to an inhuman size,
text: he lets fly with another one of his horrible SHRIEKS. -- And
text: a massive WALL OF SAND rises up out of the desert
speaker_heading: BIPLANE - DAY
text: O'Connell watches the desert below him come alive and rise
text: up towards the plane. Winston looks over the side and sees
text: what's coming. He laughs, throws the throttle, and puts the
text: plane into a dive.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: Hang on, men!
text: WE GO WIDE AS: The sandstorm chases the diving, twisting
text: biplane. Getting closer and closer, about to engulf it.
text: O'Connell looks back into the blinding sand and sees a GIANT
text: FACE forming inside the sandstorm. It's Imhotep. Grinning.
text: O'Connell grabs the Lewis machine-gun, cocks the bracket and
text: FIRES, blasting away at Imhotep's giant face inside the
text: sandstorm. Imhotep's face begins to laugh, then his jaw
text: unhinges, his mouth opens wide, and he ENGULFS the plane.
text: Winston blindly fights for control, elated.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: We're going down!
text: The biplane SPINS inside the BLOWING SAND. Engines ROARING.
text: Wind HOWLING. Jonathan and Ardeth Ray SCREAMING. Winston
text: Havlock LAUGHING.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: Here I come, laddies!
text: O'Connell braces himself for impact,
speaker_heading: SAHARA - DAY
text: Evelyn leaps to her feet and runs over to Imhotep.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Stop it! You'll kill them!
text: Imhotep grabs her, pulls her close, her beautiful eyes stare
text: into his shockingly intense ones. Then he kisses her, hard.
text: Evelyn's eyes widen, stunned and mesmerized, then she pushes
text: herself away and falls back into the sand. Imhotep laughs.
scene_heading: EXT. BIPLANE - DUNES - DAY
text: The biplane SMASHES over a dune, ROLLS OVER and CRASHES upside-
text: down into another dune. The SAND SWIRLS as O'Connell falls
text: out of the gunner's compartment. The left wing is jammed
text: into the dune, Jonathan hangs upside down.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Excuse me... A little help would be
dialog: useful... IF IT'S NOT TOO MUCH
dialog: TROUBLE!!
text: O'Connell goes to help Jonathan. Ardeth Ray stumbles over to
text: the gunner's compartment and tears the Lewis gun off it's
text: mount. He throws the machine-gun over one shoulder, a
text: cartridge belt over the other and staggers away. O'Connell
text: and Jonathan look into the cockpit. Winston Havlock is dead.
text: A smile on his face. The plane suddenly starts to move, the
text: sand sinks under their feet, they quickly high-tail-it away.
text: O'Connell, Jonathan and Ardeth Ray make it to some rocks and
text: look back. The biplane, with Winston Havlock inside, slides
text: away over a dune. O'Connell gives it a salute. The plane
text: vanishes over the dune and into the SWIRLING SAND...
scene_heading: HAMUNAPTRA - DAY
text: O'Connell, Jonathan and Ardeth Ray come down a ravine in the
text: volcano and look out over the ruins of Hamunaptra.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Okay, now what the hell does this
dialog: Horus guy look like?
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: He's a big fellow with pointy ears
text: and a face like a falcon.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Got it.
scene_heading: HAMUNAPTRA STAIRWAY - DAY
text: Carrying TORCHES, O'Connell, Jonathan and Ardeth Ray make
text: their way down a long, winding, narrow staircase. Heading
text: into the bowels of the necropolis. A passageway to hell.
scene_heading: NECROPOLIS - DAY
text: Evelyn follows Imhotep into the underground cemetery. She
text: stops at the sight of all the big hairy rats scurrying through
text: the mausoleums and over the gravestones. Beni shoves his
text: rifle into her back and pushes her forward.
speaker_heading: BENI
dialog: Keep moving.
text: Evelyn gives him a look.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: You know, nasty little fellows such
dialog: as yourself, always get their
dialog: comeuppance.
text: Beni suddenly looks worried.
speaker_heading: BENI
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Oh yes, always.
text: Beni looks even more worried, he nervously starts chewing on
text: his lip. All three of them walk over the bridge crossing the
text: disgusting DETRITUS MOAT. Evelyn looks down at it, horrified.
scene_heading: INT. PASSAGEWAY - DAY
text: O'Connell and Ardeth Ray are busy digging out a collapsed
text: doorway. Jonathan notices an AMETHYST SCARAB on the far wall.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: I say, look at that.
text: He walks over and tries to jiggle it free. It comes loose in
text: his hand. He looks at the scarab in his palm. It starts to
text: glow. And then something inside it starts to WIGGLE.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Say, gents! You should come have a
dialog: look at this.
text: The wiggling continues; a long, agonizing BEAT, and then the
text: scarab breaks out of it's cocoon and instantly BURROWS into
text: Jonathan's palm. Jonathan starts to freak out and SCREAM.
text: O'Connell runs up and rips the arm off Jonathan's shirt. The
text: scarab is now BURROWING UP JONATHAN'S ARM. O'Connell whips
text: out his butterfly-knife, snaps it open and grabs Jonathan's
text: arm. Jonathan's eyes widen in terror as the knife passes in
text: front of his face. Jonathan SCREAMS LOUDER, obviously being
text: cut open. O'Connell's hand flicks something away.
text: The scarab hits the floor and immediately starts scurrying
text: back towards Jonathan, wanting to finish the job.
text: O'Connell pulls out his gun and blows it away, -- BLAM!
scene_heading: INT. CEMETERY - DAY
text: The GUNSHOT echoes into the cemetery as Imhotep, Evelyn and
text: Beni step-up to the strange ALTAR, where four thousand years
dialog: ago Imhotep tried to bring Anck-su-namun back to life.
text: Imhotep scowls at the sound and angrily reaches into a CANOPIC
text: JAR. He pulls out the crusted remains of Anck-su-namun's
text: heart, crushes it to dust in his hand and starts reading
text: from The Book Of The Dead. Then he BLOWS the dust against a
text: mausoleum wall, -- THE WALL STARTS TO COME ALIVE.
text: Evelyn and Beni stare at the wall, both of them wide-eyed.
text: TWO FORMS emerge from the mausoleum's wall. Horrific-looking
text: mummified CORPSES. Two of Imhotep's long dead Priests.
text: They bow to Imhotep, then turn and move off down a passageway.
scene_heading: INT. PASSAGEWAY - DAY
text: O'Connell helps Ardeth Ray mend Jonathan's wound.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: From now on, don't touch anything.
dialog: Not a damn thing. Keep your hands
dialog: off the furniture, got it?
text: Jonathan swallows hard and nods vigorously.
scene_heading: INT. CEMETERY - DAY
text: Imhotep prepares the altar while speaking in HEBREW. Beni
text: holds his gun on her, translating:
speaker_heading: BENI
dialog: Prince Imhotep wants your heart.
text: Evelyn blushes, feeling complimented by the handsome prince.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Tell him, I'm truly flattered... but
dialog: that it's already taken.
text: Imhotep continues SPEAKING while laying the four jewel
text: encrusted canopic jars next to the shattered one.
speaker_heading: BENI
dialog: He wants your heart and your brain,
dialog: your liver, your kidneys...
text: Evelyn's eyes widen.
speaker_heading: BENI
dialog: ...and how do you say? Those slimy
dialog: things, in your stomach?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Intestines.
speaker_heading: BENI
dialog: Yeah! Them.
text: Evelyn can't believe it, she furiously turns to Imhotep.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: You only want me for my organs?!
text: Imhotep looks at her and grins, then BACKHANDS her -- WAP!
text: Evelyn goes down for the count. Imhotep stares at her, cold,
text: malevolent, then he turns and walks off into the mausoleums.
text: Beni nervously glances around, then quickly scurries away.
scene_heading: TREASURE CHAMBER - DAY
text: O'Connell squeezes through a small crevice in a wall and
text: drops to the floor of a dark chamber. He picks up his
text: gunnysack and scans the darkness. Something GLITTERS. Jonathan
text: and Ardeth Ray crawl in behind him.
text: O'Connell notices a SHAFT OF LIGHT, high above him, shooting
text: through a small hole in the ceiling and stopping against a
text: wall next to one of those mirror disks. O'Connell aims his
text: gun. FIRES. The bullet STRIKES the disk's pedestal, spinning
text: the mirror into the shaft of light, -- And WHAM! THE SHAFT
text: OF LIGHT HITS THE DISK AND QUICKLY BOUNCES AROUND THE ROOM
text: FROM ONE DISK TO ANOTHER UNTIL THE WHOLE CHAMBER IS LIT UP.
text: It's an enormous TREASURE CHAMBER. Filled to overflowing.
text: Everything sparkles and shines. The wealth of Egypt.
text: O'Connell, Jonathan and Ardeth Ray are speechless. That's
text: when the two mummified Priest-mummies walk in.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Who the hell are these guys?
speaker_heading: ARDETH RAY
text: Priests. Imhotep's priests.
text: O'Connell pulls the elephant gun out of his gunny-sack.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: I never killed a priest before.
speaker_heading: ARDETH RAY
dialog: They are evil, cursed, they matter
dialog: not.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Well, okay then.
text: O'Connell FIRES the elephant gun. SMOKE and FLAME shoot out.
text: BLASTS one of the mummies. Blows it's upper torso clean off.
text: O'Connell pumps the gun, the huge spent cartridge flips
text: through the air. He FIRES again. BLASTS the other mummy,
text: blows this one's torso clean off as well. The smoke clears.
text: The two sets of LEGS keep walking forward, unaffected by the
text: loss of their upper torsos. O'Connell can't believe it.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Oh come on, gimme a break here.
text: And then the disemboweled upper torsos start to move, turning
text: over and crawling towards our heroes, who start to back away.
scene_heading: INT. CEMETERY - DAY
text: Imhotep turns from the altar as he hears more GUNSHOTS echoing
text: out of the passageways. He angrily reaches into another of
text: Anck-su-namun's canopic jars, pulls out her crusty liver and
text: crushes it to dust, then quickly starts reading a passage
text: from the Book and BLOWS the dust down a passageway.
speaker_heading: IMHOTEP
dialog: (ancient Egyptian --
dialog: subtitled)
dialog: Kill them! Kill them all! And bring
dialog: me the Book Of The Living!
scene_heading: INT. TREASURE CHAMBER - DAY
text: A dusty BREEZE blows into the chamber as O'Connell, Jonathan
text: and Ardeth Ray back away from the mummy pieces. The floor
text: where they were just standing suddenly STARTS TO MOVE. Two
text: more mummies slowly dig their way up out of the floor. More
text: mummies start coming out of the walls and crawling out of
text: the piles of gold. All the mummies head for our heroes.
text: O'Connell lifts the elephant gun. Ardeth Ray stops him.
speaker_heading: ARDETH RAY
dialog: My turn.
text: Ardeth Ray OPENS UP with the Lewis gun. BLASTING the shit
text: out of the mummies. They keep on coming. Even more now.
text: O'Connell OPENS FIRE with the elephant gun, pumping and FIRING
text: as all three of the men back away and haul ass. The mummies
text: and mummy pieces follow them into the passageway.
text: Then Beni creeps into the chamber. He stares in wonder at
text: all the treasure. Then falls backwards into a pile of jewels
text: and rolls about.
scene_heading: INT. CEMETERY - DAY
text: Evelyn wakes up, lying chained to the top of the altar. She
text: blinks, then turns her head, -- and looks right into the
text: ROTTED FACE of Anck-su-namun's corpse. Evelyn SCREAMS.
scene_heading: INT. LABYRINTH PASSAGEWAYS - DAY
text: The elephant gun FIRES, blasting FLAME and SMOKE right into
text: the LENS. O'Connell, Jonathan and Ardeth Ray race down a
text: passageway, a dozen mummies striding after them.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: This whole place is comin, alive!
text: The men race around a corner. More mummies. They race around
text: another corner. More mummies. Onward they come. Methodical.
dialog: Relentless. Boxing in our heroes. O'Connell and Ardeth Ray
text: FIRING as they go. Ardeth Ray goes empty.
speaker_heading: ARDETH RAY
dialog: I'm out.
text: He throws the machine-gun down and they all race into --
scene_heading: HORUS' CHAMBER - DAY
text: -- A small chamber. The lower half of the giant statue of
text: HORUS stands in the middle of the chamber.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: There he is!
text: They run up to the base of the statue,
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Hello Horus old boy.
text: O'Connell looks back at the mummies coming down the
text: passageway. He reaches into his gunny-sack and pulls out a
text: stick of dynamite. Ardeth Ray taps him on the shoulder.
speaker_heading: ARDETH RAY
dialog: Allow me.
text: O'Connell hands him the dynamite and a match, then turns to
text: look at the statue. Ardeth Ray reaches forward and strikes
text: the match off O'Connell's stubbly face. O'Connell YELPS.
text: Ardeth Ray lights the dynamite and throws it down the
text: passageway. They all hit the deck. The dynamite EXPLODES.
text: Ripping apart the creatures, causing a CAVE-IN and sealing
text: the passageway with rock and dirt. Now there's only one way
text: out, -- another dark, creepy passageway.
scene_heading: INT. CEMETERY
text: Chained tight to the top of the altar, Evelyn hopelessly
text: struggles to free herself. She stops as Priest mummies start
text: surrounding the altar. Evelyn is horrified as the hideous
text: mummies kneel down and begin to CHANT, -- which now sounds
text: even more horrific due to the lack of tongues, jaws and mouths
text: in the room.
text: Imhotep steps up carrying the black Book Of The Dead. His
text: hand reaches out and lovingly caresses Anck-su-namun's decayed
dialog: cheek.
scene_heading: INT. HORUS' CHAMBER - DAY
text: O'Connell and Jonathan are digging away at the seams of the
text: secret compartment, it starts to give. And that's when Ardeth
text: Ray spots another group of rotting mummies coming down the
text: dark passageway, heading right for them. O'Connell looks up.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: These guys just don't quit.
text: Ardeth Ray grabs the elephant gun and a handful of shells
text: and runs off towards the mummies.
speaker_heading: ARDETH RAY
dialog: Keep digging!
text: O'Connell and Jonathan redouble their efforts, pulling harder
text: on the seam. The compartment starts to loosen. About to give.
dialog: The last time this happened, salt acid sprayed out, remember?
text: Our heroes keep tugging. The tension mounts...
text: And that's when a SKELETAL HAND BURSTS UP OUT OF THE GROUND
text: and grabs O'Connell's ankle. Several more moldy hands BURST
text: up out of the ground. O'Connell and Jonathan struggle with
text: the mummies as they crawl up out of the dirt floor.
text: One of the mummies violently shoves O'Connell away. Another
text: grabs Jonathan by the throat and starts to strangle him. A
text: third mummy grabs at the secret compartment and pulls hard.
text: AN INTENSE BURST OF ACID SPRAYS OUT OF THE SEAM AND HITS ALL
text: THREE OF THE MUMMIES. The one strangling Jonathan gets it in
text: the back and drops him. All three mummies melt horribly.
scene_heading: INT. CEMETERY
text: Imhotep begins to read from The Book Of The Dead.
text: A large SWIRLING HOLE starts to open in the detritus bog.
text: Evelyn's eyes widen in amazement and horror.
scene_heading: INT. HORUS' CHAMBER - DAY
text: Ardeth Ray BLASTS AWAY at the oncoming mummies. over at the
text: base of the statue, O'Connell and Jonathan pull an ornate
text: chest out of the secret compartment. O'Connell rips off the
text: lid, reaches inside and pulls out a heavy burlap bag.
text: He and Jonathan exchange nervous, excited looks. Then he
text: reaches into the bag and slowly pulls out the SOLID GOLD
text: Book Of The Living -- GOLDEN LIGHT reflects off their faces
text: as they stare at it in wonder.
text: The elephant gun goes empty. Ardeth Ray takes it by the barrel
text: and wades into the remaining mummies swinging.
speaker_heading: ARDETH RAY
dialog: Save the girl! Kill the creature!
text: The mummies quickly overwhelm and start to tear him apart.
text: O'Connell lights the last stick of dynamite and throws it
text: against the far wall. He and Jonathan hit the deck.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: That's the last one, we better get
dialog: lucky.
text: The wall BLOWS. Debris COLLAPSES, -- but now here's a hole
text: for them to get out. O'Connell and Jonathan race out through
text: the hole just as the remaining mummies enter the chamber.
scene_heading: EXT. HAMUNAPTRA RUINS - DAY
text: Outside, Beni staggers across the sand with a saddlebag filled
text: with treasure. He throws it over the rear of a camel.
text: Starts to climb up. Hesitates. Looks back at the temple door.
text: Licks his lips. And then his greed gets the better of him
text: and he quickly climbs down and scurries back towards the
dialog: door.
scene_heading: INT. CEMETERY - DAY
text: Imhotep READS from the Book. The rotten Priest-mummies rock
text: back and forth, CHANTING. Evelyn struggles.
text: Then suddenly, the strange MIST wafts up out of the swirling
text: hole and over to the sacred jars, it passes through them and
text: into Evelyn. Evelyn JERKS as though she's been electrified.
text: The MIST passes through her and into Anck-su-namun's body.
text: The CHANTING PRIESTS, SWIRLING HOLE, WAFTING MIST and
text: IMHOTEP'S READINGS reach a crescendo. Anck-su-namun's crusty
text: EYELIDS suddenly POP OPEN. Evelyn stares at her in disbelief.
text: Anck-su-namun's rotted head turns and looks at Evelyn with
text: empty sockets. Evelyn freaks out and struggles wildly, then
text: she notices Imhotep holding the ancient sacrificial knife.
speaker_heading: IMHOTEP
dialog: With your death, my love and I will
dialog: be invincible!
text: He raises it up over Evelyn's chest, about to plunge it down.
text: Evelyn's eyes widen in horror. And that's when O'Connell and
text: Jonathan BURST IN. Imhotep spins around and faces them.
text: Jonathan beams as he holds up the golden Book Of The Living.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: I found it, Evy! I found it
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Shut-up and get me off of here!
text: O'Connell grabs an ancient sword out of a statue's hand,
text: jumps up onto a gravestone and leaps out over the Priests.
text: The Priest-mummies stop chanting. The MIST vanishes.
text: Imhotep steps forward. O'Connell STRIKES the sacrificial
text: knife out of his hand. Imhotep BELLOWS a command. The Priests
text: stand up, swords and knives in hand, they ATTACK O'Connell.
scene_heading: EVERYTHING HAPPENS AT ONCE, READ FASTER:
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Open the book, Jonathan! Open the
dialog: book! That's the only way to kill
dialog: him!
text: O'Connell RACKS and CHOPS at the attacking Priest-mummies,
text: fighting his way to Evelyn. The skeletal creatures wildly
text: SWING their swords, trying to STAB O'Connell. Jonathan fumbles
text: with the book, struggling to open it, -- he can't.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: I can't open it! It's locked or
dialog: something!
text: O'Connell CUTS two of the mummies in half, then swings his
text: sword down at Evelyn, -- CLANG! One chain breaks free.
text: Jonathan spots a series of SOLID GOLD, FOUR-SIDED LOCKS along
text: the binder. It hits him like lightning --
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: We need the key!
text: Imhotep grins, then grabs the KEY/BOX hanging from a chain
text: around his neck, rips it off and shoves it into his pocket
text: He picks up the sacrificial sword and heads for Jonathan.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: What do I do, Evy!? What do I do!?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Read the inscription on the cover!
text: O'Connell swings his sword down again, -- CLANG! Evelyn now
text: has one hand and one leg free. More mummies attack O'Connell
dialog: force him back.
text: Jonathan quickly starts translating the cover inscription,
text: but his ancient Egyptian is clearly awful.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Keetash-something, naraba-something.
text: Jonathan starts to backpedal through the cemetery, clutching
text: the golden book; wide-eyed, as Imhotep moves in on him.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Ebarra im hatu Kashka ummmmm -- ?
text: Jonathan trips and falls on his ass. Imhotep CHARGES FORWARD.
text: O'Connell SLASHES another chain. Only one more left holding
text: Evelyn. Jonathan sits up and quickly looks back at the cover.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Rasheem Aaaaa ANUBIS!
text: Imhotep raises the sacrificial sword, about to kill Jonathan.
text: And that's when the giant statue of Anubis suddenly CRASHES
text: through the wall -- shades of Ray Harryhausen. Only better.
text: The god of Deaths, horrible, decrepit STONE FACE stares
text: angrily down. Jonathan stares back.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Oh boy.
text: O'Connell DECAPITATES a mummy and looks up at Anubis.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: This just keeps gettin, better and
dialog: better.
text: Imhotep leaves Jonathan and heads for the giant statue.
text: O'Connell leaps over and with one last swing of the sword,
text: frees Evelyn from her chains. More Priest-mummies attack,
text: forcing him away. Evelyn jumps off the altar and starts to
text: head for O'Connell, -- a SKELETAL HAND grabs her! Spins her
text: around. It's Anck-su-namun's rotted corpse. Evelyn reacts.
text: Imhotep looks up at Anubis, points to O'Connell, and in
text: ANCIENT EGYPTIAN commands him to attack. Anubis moves for
text: O'Connell, STOMPING over mausoleums and through the detritus
text: moat on his way. O'Connell quickly backs away.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Do something, Jonathan! Kill it!
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: You have got to be joking?
text: Evelyn is backing away from Anck-su-namun.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Finish the inscription, idiot!
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Oh.
text: Anck-su-namun ATTACKS Evelyn. Evelyn fends her off as best
text: she can. Jonathan quickly looks back at the hieroglyphs on
text: the book cover, fumbling badly under the pressure --
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Ummm, Hootash im... Hootash im now
dialog: what is this last symbol here?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: What's it look like!?
text: Anck-su-namun grabs Evelyn by the throat. The statue of Anubis
text: corners O'Connell, reaches down and GRABS him with it's
text: MASSIVE TALONS. O'Connell HACKS away at it. Jonathan stares
text: at the inscription, slightly oblivious.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
text: It's an Anck symbol, with two little
text: squiggly lines above it, and a bird,
text: a stork! on either side.
text: Evelyn is being STRANGLED by Anck-su-namun.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Ah! Ah! Ahmenophus!
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Yes,... I see.
text: The talons lift O'Connell up and start to CRUSH him.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Hootash im Ahmenophus!
text: The giant statue of Anubis instantly freezes in it's tracks
text: and PETRIFIES. It's off balance. Starts to fall. O'Connell
text: slides free of it's talons. Evelyn SHOVES Anck-su-namun away,
text: Anck-su-namun looks up and opens her fetid mouth to scream
text: just as Anubis CRASHES DOWN on top of her, SMASHING HER to
text: powder and DRIVING her into the ground.
text: Imhotep SHRIEKS in rage and horror, then turns and angrily
text: heads for Jonathan. Jonathan, sitting on his ass, quickly
text: backpedals on his hands and heels.
text: O'Connell leaps to his feet, sword in hand and runs for
text: Imhotep. Imhotep grabs Jonathan, lifts him up, rips the golden
text: Book Of The Living out of his hand and pins him to a wall.
text: O'Connell runs up and swings his sword at Imhotep, -- WAP!
text: SLICES Imhotep's right arm off. It drops to the ground, still
text: clutching The Book Of The Living. Imhotep drops Jonathan and
text: spins around, facing O'Connell. O'Connell grins.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Okay pal, let's see how tough you
dialog: are without your right arm.
text: Imhotep grabs O'Connell with his left arm and THROWS him
text: half way across the cemetery. O'Connell SLAMS into a
text: gravestone, bounces off and crashes to the ground. He shakes
dialog: it off.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Alright,... so he's left handed.
text: Imhotep is already striding towards him. Jonathan lifts up
text: his hand, -- HE HAS THE KEY/BOX BACK! He smiles at Evelyn.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: I got it!
text: Evelyn runs for Jonathan.
text: O'Connell SWINGS his sword and CLEAVES a big chunk of molten
text: flesh rot out of Imhotep's stomach. On the outside, Imhotep
text: looks human, but on the inside he is still a rotten old mummy.
text: Imhotep BACKHANDS O'Connell. Knocks him twenty feet back.
text: O'Connell staggers to his feet. Imhotep is right there. CLUBS
text: him hard with his left arm. O'Connell spins through the air,
text: SLAMS into the side of a mausoleum. Imhotep approaches, rage
text: in his eyes. O'Connell gets up, quickly pivots and HACKS
text: into Imhotep's head. Imhotep grins and PUNCHES O'Connell in
text: the face. O'Connell is thrown back, pulling his sword with
dialog: him.
text: He bounces hard off the mausoleum. Lands on his feet.
text: Totally beat-to-shit. Knees buckling. He can barely stand.
text: Jonathan lifts up the heavy gold book, -- Imhotep's severed
text: hand still clings to it. Jonathan cringes in disgust. Evelyn
text: yanks it off, throws it away, then start furiously working
text: the key into the series of locks, unlocking each of them.
text: Imhotep strides forward. O'Connell backs into the mausoleum,
text: swings the sword, Imhotep tries to catch it, -- it CLEAVES
text: through his palm and deeply imbeds itself into his forearm.
text: No matter, Imhotep rips the sword away from O'Connell and
text: casually flings it away.
text: The golden Book Of The Living opens with a HISS. Jonathan
text: holds it tight as Evelyn quickly turns the heavy gold pages
dialog: looking for something.
text: O'Connell turns to run, but Imhotep grabs him by the throat
text: and lifts him off his feet. O'Connell hangs there, a dazed
text: mess. Imhotep grins, says something in ANCIENT EGYPTIAN,
text: then starts to strangle O'Connell. O'Connell chokes. About
dialog: to die.
text: Evelyn turns and faces Imhotep and reads an inscription:
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Kadeesh mal! Kadeesh mal! Pared oos!
dialog: PARED OOS!!
text: Imhotep pivots and looks at Evelyn, a look of sheer terror
text: on his face. Then he looks over at the detritus bog. Which
text: starts to BUBBLE and SHIFT. The SWIRLING HOLE begins to open.
text: And then suddenly THE SPIRITS OF THE EGYPTIAN GODS waft out
text: of the black bog and SWIRL around the Priest-mummies. The
text: mummies all collapse and turn to dust. And then the spirits
text: attack Imhotep. Lifting him and O'Connell up into the air.
text: Imhotep lets go of O'Connell, who falls to the ground.
text: Evelyn and Jonathan fearfully stumble away from the spirits,
text: Jonathan trips and falls and accidentally throws The Book of
text: The Living into the detritus bog. Evelyn watches as the golden
text: book sinks into the black putrescence. Jonathan looks like
text: he's about to cry.
text: Ten feet off the ground, the spirits SWIRL around Imhotep's
text: body, TWISTING IT and TURNING IT and slowly SHRIVELING IT.
text: Accompanied by the same strange FLASHING LIGHT we saw at the
text: beginning of the movie when Anck-su-namun was cursed. One
text: last HUGE FLASH, accompanied by a BLAST OF WIND, and Imhotep
text: is spit out and thrown to the floor. He staggers to his feet,
text: he looks perfectly normal. His body is completely intact.
text: O'Connell swings his sword. Imhotep jerks back. The sword
text: scrapes Imhotep's chest, -- a swath of blood appears across
text: Imhotep's chest where the sword hit him. Imhotep touches the
text: blood on his chest, amazed and horrified. He's mortal.
text: O'Connell runs Imhotep through with the sword and shoves him
text: backwards. Imhotep stumbles back and falls into the detritus
text: bog. The sword still in his stomach.
text: Evelyn and Jonathan run up next to O'Connell. They watch as
text: Imhotep gently sinks into the fetid swamp, slowly dying. And
text: then, just before his head goes under, Imhotep looks up at
text: them, grins broadly, and says something in ANCIENT EGYPTIAN.
dialog: Evelyn translates:
speaker_heading: EVELYN
text: Death is only the beginning.
text: Imhotep's grinning face vanishes under the black bile.
speaker_heading: STAFF CHAMBER - DAY
text: Beni staggers across a chamber, straining under the weight
text: of another saddlebag filled with treasure. He spots a large,
text: ornate STAFF sticking out of a wall. He throws the saddlebag
text: over the staff and collapses against the wall. Exhausted.
text: A BEAT. And then the weight of the treasure PULLS THE STAFF
text: DOWN. Which starts a massive AURAL CHAIN-REACTION.
text: Beni-backs away from the wall, wide-eyed, filled with fear.
text: ALL THE WALLS START TO SINK INTO THE GROUND. Driven by tons
text: of pouring sand. Beni turns and hauls ass out of the chamber.
scene_heading: CEMETERY - DAY
text: O'Connell, Evelyn and Jonathan look around as all the walls
text: start to DESCEND. O'Connell grabs Evelyn's hand.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: C'mon!
text: He pulls her forward and all three of them race past sinking
text: pillars. They duck as they run into a descending doorway.
scene_heading: INT. PASSAGEWAY - DAY
text: Beni scampers down a passageway, the ceiling getting lower
text: and lower until he has to crouch. And then he has to stick
text: the TORCH between his teeth and crawl on his hands and knees.
scene_heading: INT. TREASURE CHAMBER - DAY
text: O'Connell, Evelyn and Jonathan crouch-run into the treasure
text: chamber. Evelyn skids to a stop. Looks in wonder at all the
text: treasure. SAND rains down on them. O'Connell grabs her again
text: and quickly pulls her through the mounds of treasure towards
text: a SINKING DOORWAY on the far side of the room. The SOUND of
text: the sinking walls is deafening.
text: Beni crouch-runs into the treasure chamber. O'Connell, Evelyn
text: and Jonathan race past him. He joins them as they run up a
text: staircase. Heading for a DESCENDING DOORWAY, which is already
text: half gone, it's now only four feet high -- now three feet
text: high -- now two feet. Jonathan dives through the narrow gap.
text: Then O'Connell dives through, he spins around. Evelyn dives,
text: but gets stuck in the middle, about to get cut in half.
text: O'Connell grabs her arm and YANKS her through in the nick of
text: time. Beni reaches through the narrowing gap with his hand --
speaker_heading: BENI
dialog: O'CONNELL!!
text: O'Connell grabs it, but it's too late. Beni yanks his hand
text: back just as the top of the door CRASHES to the floor.
text: Sealing him in. Beni quickly crawls back down the stairs as
text: the ceiling SLAMS down behind him. He stands up and looks
text: around with his diminishing torch.
text: All the doorways FINISH CLOSING. There's no way out. He's
text: trapped. And then he hears something, and turns around. Over
text: in the corner, a scarab-beetle stares at him, CHITTERING.
text: Beni waves his flickering torch at the scarab and backs away.
speaker_heading: BENI
dialog: Go away.
text: He stands in the middle of the treasure chamber as dozens
text: upon dozens of scarabs boil up out of the floor around him.
text: Beni is absolutely terrified. The scarabs start to move in.
text: And that's when Beni's torch goes out. PITCH BLACK. A BEAT.
text: And then we hear Beni start SCREAMING in horror and pain.
text: And the scarabs CHITTERING hungrily.
scene_heading: EXT. HAMUNAPTRA - DAY
text: The temple COLLAPSES as O'Connell, Evelyn, Jonathan and a
text: pack of stray camels race through the ruins. A SINKING CREVICE
text: DROPS OUT right behind them. Chasing them out through the
text: front gates. The whole place RUMBLES ominously.
text: They make it down the ramp as more ruins CRASH DOWN behind
text: them. A MASSIVE CLOUD OF SAND AND DUST billows out over the
text: wall and into the air. our heroes and all the stray camels
text: race out into the desert...
scene_heading: SLOW DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PLATEAU - DAY
text: O'Connell, Evelyn and Jonathan stand in the middle of the
text: plateau, surrounded by stray camels. They stare off at the
text: sandy, dusty, volcano as it continues to RUMBLE-ominously.
speaker_heading: JONATHAN
dialog: Well,... I guess we go home empty
dialog: handed.
text: O'Connell looks at Evelyn.
speaker_heading: O'CONNELL
dialog: Wouldn't say that.
text: Evelyn returns the look, A BEAT, and then she wraps-her arms
text: around his neck and kisses him. O'Connell returns it.
text: Jonathan just rolls his eyes, snorts in disgust and climbs
text: up onto a camel.
text: When the kiss is over, O'Connell and Evelyn share a smile,
text: then O'Connell leaps up into the saddle, reaches down, grabs
text: Evelyn's hand and pulls her up behind him. Evelyn wraps her
text: arms around his waist. O'Connell and Jonathan slap the reins.
scene_heading: O'CONNELL/JONATHAN
text: TUK-TUK-TUK!!
text: The camels start to move out. WE PAN DOWN: to the saddlebag
text: behind Evelyn, hidden under the closed back flap, -- we can
text: see that it's filled with Beni's stolen TREASURE.
text: O'Connell, Evelyn and Jonathan ride off into the SUNSET.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
