speaker_heading: THE NUN
dialog: Story by
dialog: James Wan and Gary Dauberman
dialog: Screenplay by
dialog: Gary Dauberman
dialog: 01.22.17
text: A NUN.
text: Sits on the edge of a bed.
text: All alone in a small
speaker_heading: MONASTIC CELL
text: This is SISTER VICTORIA, 20s. PUSH IN on her face. Wracked
text: with emotion and fear. But a resolve hardens.
text: She stands up.
dialog: Decisive.
text: On her bed, she lays out her Bible. Her Cross. A Vial of Holy
text: Water. Neatly. Cleanliness is next to Godliness.
text: She reaches over to a side table and picks up a ROSARY.
text: Something about it seems off. Not sure what. Yet.
text: Clutches it in her hand.
text: As she turns and looks down at something by her feet.
text: Kneels and picks up a COIL OF ROPE.
text: Sister Victoria looks over at the WINDOW. Stands and walks
text: over. The rope slinking like a serpent behind her.
text: Pushes open the window. It swings out into the dark of night.
text: She feels the breeze blow. Then she steps up onto the
speaker_heading: THE LEDGE
text: Sister Victoria ties one end of the rope to the OUTSIDE
text: BUTTRESS above her as BEHIND HER --
text: The STURDY WOODEN DOOR of the Cell BLOWS OPENS.
dialog: Uh-oh...
text: Sister Victoria looks back. Not that she wants to. But is
text: compelled to. Stares down the
speaker_heading: LONG CORRIDOR
text: Right outside her room. It’s lined by TORCHES along the wall.
text: That EXTINGUISH. One. By one. Closer. And closer.
text: As a DARKNESS comes for her.
text: And that expression on Sister Victoria’s face tells us it’s a
text: darkness she knows. A darkness she fears.
dialog: 2.
text: And as she slips the NOOSE END of the rope around her neck,
dialog: Sister Victoria prays:
speaker_heading: SISTER VICTORIA
dialog: Forgive me Lord for this sin I am
dialog: about to commit...
dialog: Sign of the Cross.
text: And then she steps off the ledge.
text: Drops down and disappears.
dialog: But we stay here.
dialog: Wait... wait...
dialog: Snap!
text: Rope taut.
text: The Window slowly swings back.
text: And in the reflection of its glass, the BLACK SILHOUETTE of
text: THE NUN. Standing next to the Last Torch outside the door.
text: Doesn’t move.
text: Just stares outside.
dialog: Or at us?
text: Before That Last Torch goes out too.
dialog: Plunges us into
scene_heading: DARKNESS.
text: Over which we HEAR an Old French Canadian Folk Song.
dialog: Sung pretty poorly.
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: A la claire fontaine m’en allant
dialog: promener...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: The Terrible Troubador.
dialog: Wheeling a cart of supplies. He’d tell you to call him
text: ‘FRENCHIE’ because everyone else does. 20s. With features as
text: rough as his voice and the surrounding
scene_heading: ROMANIAN COUNTRYSIDE
speaker_heading: VOICE/FRENCHIE
dialog: J’ai trouvé 1’eau si belle que je
dialog: m’y suis baigné...
text: Stops his song when he hears --
dialog: CAW. Of a Crow.
text: Somewhere over by that CASTLE we only see glimpses of through
text: the branches of the trees as Frenchie approaches.
text: Breaking through the trees, he sees a MURDER OF CROWS picking
text: over something hanging close to the castle wall.
text: Like it’s a giant bird feeder.
dialog: The hell is that?
text: He edges himself closer. Something drips drip drips from it
text: to the ground. Collecting in puddle.
text: It’s blood.
text: Drawing nearer, Frenchie looks up and sees Sister Victoria
text: hanging above him. Crows pecking at her eyes and face.
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE
dialog: Oh God...
text: He steps back as --
dialog: Snap!
dialog: Of the rope.
text: Sister Victoria falls to the ground.
text: Crows SCATTER. Fluttering, flapping wings obscuring our view
dialog: until it’s completely --
speaker_heading: BLACK.
scene_heading: ON SCREEN:
dialog: The following occurred in 1952.
text: Then it slides across our screen with the black, and a dusty
text: dimmed light filters through a LATTICED OPENING inside a
speaker_heading: CONFESSIONAL
dialog: 4.
text: Revealing FATHER MICHAEL BURKE, 40something. Head bowed. As
text: if he’s deep in reflection. Doesn’t look up as he hears 9
text: year old TIMOTHY’S thin, prepubescent voice begin:
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY (0.S.)
dialog: Forgive me, Father, for I have
dialog: sinned. It’s been one week since my
dialog: last confession...
dialog: Burke grunts: Go on...
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY (0.S.) (CONT’D)
dialog: I still hate my sister. She pulls
dialog: my hair, tells me she hates me,
dialog: breaks my toys...
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: Crow.
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY (0.S.)
dialog: Excuse me, Father?
scene_heading: ON FATHER BURKE
text: Jotting CROW with his pen into the nowhere-near-complete
text: PHILADELPHIA INQUIRER CROSSWORD PUZZLE on top of his Bible.
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: I don’t need to hear your sisters
dialog: sins, I need to hear yours.
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY (0.S.)
dialog: But I feel like I’ve been pretty
dialog: good this week, Father. My sister
dialog: on the other hand --
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: Timothy.
text: Burke looks up from his crossword.
speaker_heading: FATHER BURKE (CONT’D)
dialog: God already knows your sins. Part
dialog: of confession is His desire to know
dialog: if you do too...
speaker_heading: TIMOTHY
dialog: Yes, Father.
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: We'll try again next week. Go in
dialog: peace and pray for me, a sinner.
dialog: 5.
text: As we hear Timothy slip out, we hold on Burke. A sinner. His
text: eyes drop down to ‘CROW’. Somewhere we hear it SQUAWK --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: -- in the Forever Blue Skies above
scene_heading: ST. DOROTHY’S CHURCH
text: Father Burke stands in the shadows of its steeple and
text: surrounding trees. He lights a cigarette. I know, I know. But
dialog: times were different back then.
text: He watches a YOUNG FAMILY exit the Church. Brother and Sister
text: walking behind their parents. Sister pulls Brother’s hair.
text: Brother -- must be TIMOTHY -- whips around. He spots Father
dialog: Burke. Points to his sister: Didja see that? I told you!
text: Burke shrugs Whaddayagonnado? Watches them go. His smile
text: fades as they do. His thoughts interrupted by FATHER RAFAEL
text: OLVERA, 20s. Tugging at his vestments, nervous.
speaker_heading: OLVERA
dialog: Father Burke.
dialog: Burke turns: Yes?
speaker_heading: OLVERA (CONT'D)
dialog: You have a call. It’s Rome.
scene_heading: HOLY SHIT:
text: A WORLD WAR II CHAPLAIN KIT.
text: Lined with red velvet. Containing candles. Communion trays.
text: Bread plates. And a silver chalice. All look like they’ve
text: been through, well... war. It sits on a shelf inside
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE'S OFFICE
text: It’s as scattered as Father Burke seems to be as he signs
text: last minute papers and packs away some belongings.
text: Olvera watches him. Even more nervous.
speaker_heading: OLVERA
dialog: What did they say?
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: They said ‘Come to Rome.’
speaker_heading: OLVERA
dialog: Do you know why?
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: OLVERA
dialog: How long will you be gone?
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: I don’t know.
speaker_heading: OLVERA
dialog: Do you think it’s because of what
dialog: happened in Eus?
text: Father Burke shoots him a look: Enough. That’s clearly a
dialog: subject Olvera should know better than to bring up.
speaker_heading: OLVERA (CONT'D)
dialog: Just one more thing.
dialog: Jeezus, this guy.
speaker_heading: OLVERA (CONT'D)
dialog: May I come? I’ve never been.
text: Father Burke looks at him. As if he’s deciding. Then:
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: No.
text: And somewhere we hear a PLANE TAKE OFF as we --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: -- VATICAN CITY.
dialog: Maybe you find some public domain footage or maybe it’s just
text: a PHOTOGRAPH of St. Peter’s Square that hangs on the wall of
speaker_heading: THIS STUDY
dialog: Buried somewhere deep inside the Vatican. People like you and
dialog: me aren’t supposed to be in places like this so consider
dialog: yourself lucky. Serious talk goes down here. Like right now,
text: judging by the expression on the face of --
text: CARDINAL CONROY. 60s. Although he doesn’t smile so easily
text: anyway. If ever. He sits across from Burke with Another
dialog: Cardinal and Two Bishops.
speaker_heading: CARDINAL CONROY
dialog: The last time you were here was --
dialog: what? Six or seven years ago?
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: After my time as a Chaplain ended
dialog: in the war, yes.
text: Cardinal remembers. Glances over at the Others. Shifting in
dialog: their seats. Like the less said about that the better.
speaker_heading: CARDINAL CONROY
dialog: Well, we appreciate you coming
dialog: again on such short notice.
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: Cardinal, with all due respect, I
dialog: told you on the phone I wouldn’t --
speaker_heading: CARDINAL CONROY
dialog: And I told you on the phone that
dialog: this one is different. Like it or
dialog: not Father Burke you are a member
dialog: of this group --
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: Member? It isn’t official --
speaker_heading: CARDINAL CONROY
dialog: -- and for good reason too. But I
dialog: must say I’m surprised at your
dialog: hesitation. I thought you’d jump at
dialog: the chance to get away from
dialog: confessionals and crosswords for a
dialog: time...
dialog: On Father Burke. How’d you know about the crosswords?
speaker_heading: CARDINAL CONROY (CONT’D)
dialog: I like to think it’s called the
dialog: Holy See for more reasons than just
dialog: the Bishop of Rome...
text: Ahem. BISHOP PASQUALE leans forward, in an effort to steer
dialog: this back to the matter at hand:
speaker_heading: BISHOP PASQUALE
dialog: We received a report that a Nun
text: took her own life at a cloistered
dialog: convent near Brasov, Romania...
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
text: Catholicism is under siege by
dialog: communism in that part of the
text: world. Towns being invaded. Priests
dialog: and Nuns killed or imprisoned. A
dialog: suicide is a terrible sin but it
dialog: doesn’t strike me as a strong
dialog: enough reason for our reunion given
dialog: the pressures of the political
dialog: climate in the region.
speaker_heading: CARDINAL CONROY
dialog: But the news of it would not
dialog: bolster our argument to keep with
dialog: faith and the Church...
text: Father Burke leans back. Like this is a game of cards and
text: he’s trying to get a read on their hands.
text: Pasquale slides a FILE across the table. Like he’s throwing
text: more money into the pot.
text: They sit.
dialog: the file.
speaker_heading: BISHOP PASQUALE
dialog: These are your travel documents
dialog: along with contact information on
dialog: the man who found the nun. You’1l
dialog: no doubt want to speak with him
dialog: first...
speaker_heading: CARDINAL CONROY
text: Also in the file is the name of a
dialog: postulant who can help assist you
dialog: in your inquiry since of course you
dialog: actually won’t be allowed to enter
text: the convent. She is also familiar
dialog: with the territory...
text: They wait. As Father Burke makes no moves toward
dialog: Because he knows:
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: You're not telling me something.
speaker_heading: CARDINAL CONROY
dialog: What makes you say that.
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: Because we're in the Vatican.
text: That gets the Cardinal to smile.
speaker_heading: BISHOP PASQUALE
dialog: Let’s put it this way, Father. In
dialog: this -- albeit rare -- instance, we
dialog: don’t believe we’re the ones with
dialog: the secret...
dialog: They stare down Father Burke. Like, call our bluff. Go ahead.
text: But ultimately curiosity gets the better of him.
text: Father Burke takes the file.
text: And as he opens it --
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: Tell me what you do know.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: A NUN.
text: Blindfolded.
dialog: She feels around the
speaker_heading: HOSPITAL ROOM
text: As several YOUNG PATIENTS giggle, pressing themselves against
text: the walls and beds. Trying not to get tagged by --
text: -- SISTER IRENE PALMER, early 20s. She is terrible at “Blind
text: Man's Bluff”. And judging by her White Habit, she’s also a
text: Novitiate. Which basically means a ‘Nun-in-Training’.
text: Her fingers brush over Medical Instruments. The Crayola
text: Masterworks of the Young Patients. The Curtains.
dialog: Searching... searching...
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: I don’t have to see you to know
dialog: you're....
text: Senses movement behind her. She turns and her fingers reach
dialog: out and touch --
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE (CONT’D)
dialog: There!
dialog: Wait.
dialog: Who is that?
text: Rips off her blindfold. Sees Father Burke. And her hand on
text: his chest. Oh no...
dialog: 10.
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: Does that mean I’m it?
text: Sister Irene snaps her hand back. Bows her head.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: Apologies, Father.
text: Young Patients snicker.
text: Sister Irene turns and gamely glares back at them. Her red
text: face framed by her white habit: How could you not tell me?!
text: Waves of giggles crash into laughter.
scene_heading: EXT. ST. VINCENT’S CHILDREN HOSPITAL - DAY
text: Sister Irene and Father Burke walk the gardens.
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: -- shouldn’t be more than a few
dialog: days at most. You were recommended
dialog: for the journey because of your
dialog: familiarity with the territory...
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: The territory?
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: Romania, yes.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: I’ve never been in that part of the
dialog: world...
dialog: Burke stops: Really?
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE (CONT’D)
dialog: There must have been some mistake.
dialog: I apologize if coming here was a
dialog: waste of your time...
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: No. No apology necessary. Cardinal
dialog: Conroy is a man who doesn’t make
dialog: mistakes. I’m sure he had his
dialog: reasons for selecting you. I'll
dialog: still need your help at the convent
dialog: since access for anyone but nuns is
dialog: extremely limited. How long will it
dialog: take for you to get ready for
dialog: travel?
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: Not long at all, Father.
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: Good. Collect your things. And
dialog: Sister -- we'll need to wear
text: civilian clothes while traveling.
dialog: This is one time we don’t need to
dialog: broadcast our faith...
text: Sister Irene nods. Turns and begins to walk back to the
text: hospital, her head bowed. Father Burke watches her go.
dialog: As from somewhere, A SCREAM --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: It’s Frenchie.
text: Waking up from an awful nightmare. Soaked in sweat. Eyes red
text: and bleary, a sign that this night terror isn’t his first.
text: He looks around the
scene_heading: SMALL SPARSE ROOM
text: Like he’s trying to remember where he is. Trying to convince
text: himself it was just a dream. Or maybe it’s because he’s
dialog: finally hearing that --
dialog: RapRapRap.
text: From somewhere below.
text: Head and heart pounding, he gets off of a small cot and wipes
text: the sleep away from his face as he stumbles over to the
speaker_heading: STAIRS
text: That RAPPING a little louder now. A little more urgent. He
text: starts down the stairs.
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE
dialog: Coming, coming...
text: At the bottom, he reaches a DOOR. Opens it and standing in
dialog: its threshold is --
text: -- Father Burke and Sister Irene. Wearing plain, pedestrian
text: clothes in an effort to blend in. His eyes drop down to
text: Father Burke’s worn LEATHER SATCHEL. Suspicious...
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE (CONT'D)
dialog: -.-what is it?
dialog: 12.
text: He looks beyond them. Out into an EMPTY STREET of --
dialog: Brasov, Romania
dialog: Like a lot of Romania, there is a fairy-tale quality to its
dialog: architecture and landscape. Except I don’t think our story
dialog: ends with ‘...and they all lived happily ever after.’
dialog: I’m not even sure it ends with ‘...and they all lived.’
dialog: Speaking of which --
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: Mr. Thierault?
text: Frenchie isn’t so sure he wants to confirm this. He looks
text: over at Sister Irene. Suddenly aware of her. To Burke --
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE
dialog: Jealous husband or an angry father?
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: I’m sorry -- what?
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE
dialog: It’s usually one of the two when an
text: older man and young, beautiful and
dialog: not so innocent girl show up on my
dialog: doorstep at this hour of the
dialog: morning...
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: It’s three in the afternoon. And I
dialog: beg your pardon, Mr. Thierault, but
dialog: you and I have never met.
text: Frenchie eyes her up an down.
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE
dialog: Then perhaps it’s time we did.
text: He grabs her hand in both of his. Doesn’t let go.
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Call me Frenchie. Everyone does...
text: Smiles. Turning on the charm.
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: We are here, Mr. Thierault, because
dialog: of the nun you found at the Abbey.
dialog: Oh. Shit.
dialog: A nun?!
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE
dialog: How’d you --
dialog: (wait...)
dialog: Are you a priest?
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: And she’s a nun.
text: Immediately lets go of her hand.
dialog: Smooth.
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE
dialog: Forgive me for my impure thoughts,
dialog: Sister... But I had no idea. I’ve
dialog: never seen a nun out of her
dialog: vestments. Not that I’m opposed to
dialog: it...
text: She blushes.
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: Mr. Thierault -- Frenchie -- the
dialog: Abbey -- is it far from here?
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE
dialog: In matter of distance, no. But it
text: takes time to get to. Unfortunately
dialog: your timing couldn’t be worse. Any
dialog: day now this village will be
text: overrun with the communist army...
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: We'll do our best to act quickly.
dialog: Do you know someone who can take us
dialog: there?
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE
dialog: No. I’ve discovered that everyone
dialog: in this town pretends like the
dialog: Abbey doesn’t exist. Even talking
dialog: about it will get you in trouble.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: If I may ask, why were you there?
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE
dialog: I was delivering their quarterly
dialog: supplies... The Abbey apparently
dialog: has had an arrangement with the
dialog: town for decades...
dialog: 14.
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: So then you can take us.
dialog: Hold on Frenchie. His eyes. Dark and haunted. You just know
dialog: he’d rather do anything else than go back there.
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE
dialog: I wish I could help you but maybe
dialog: there’s somebody better suited.
text: Sister Irene looks at him.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: Please.
dialog: Fuck. Maybe he can say no to a priest but he definitely can’t
text: say no to a pretty face. Even if she is a nun.
scene_heading: EXT. BRASOV STREET - LATER
text: Frenchie leads them to a rusted bucket of a TRUCK. As he
text: circles around, Father Burke puts their SUITCASES into its
dialog: bed. And then --
text: The Truck drives off with them.
text: Revealing Frenchie standing by a HORSE-DRAWN WAGON. Both the
dialog: wagon and horses have seen better days.
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE
dialog: You took a plane from Rome. A bus
dialog: from Bucharest. But now you travel
dialog: by horse. It’s the only way to
dialog: reach the abbey. It might be 1952
dialog: where you’re from but out here
dialog: they’re still in the Dark Ages...
dialog: (attendez...)
dialog: Where are you things?
text: Still confused, Father Burke looks down the street at the
text: Truck slowly rumbling away. G-ddamnit. And right before
text: Sister Irene bursts out laughing --
text: Frenchie WHISTLES after the Truck.
text: Its brakes brighten.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: -- THEIR SUITCASES.
text: Recovered, strapped tight to the Tall Board of the
dialog: 15.
scene_heading: HORSE-DRAWN WAGON
text: ClopClopClopping along a bumpy barely-a-road that cuts
text: through spiring mountains peeking between pines.
text: Frenchie in the Box Seat.
text: Father Burke and Sister Irene sit in the back. Burke studies
text: another Crossword Puzzle folded over on his knee.
text: Sister Irene studies him.
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
text: Beginning. Eight letters. With a W.
dialog: Shows Sister Irene.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: Dawning?
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
text: Dawning.
dialog: Writes it in.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: Does it work?
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: You have a knack for this, Sister.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: Beginner’s luck. I never really
dialog: liked puzzles growing up...
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: It’s not the puzzles I like as much
dialog: as I like the answers. I like the
dialog: certainty of the answers. We don’t
dialog: get much of that luxury in the
dialog: lives we've been called for...
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: But isn’t that where faith is
dialog: supposed to step in?
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: Is it?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: How long have you been a novitiate?
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: ...about three years.
dialog: 16.
text: Says that like she knows what’s coming next.
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: Three years. And you still haven't
dialog: taken your Temporary Vows?
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE
dialog: Temporary vows? I was under the
dialog: impression there wasn’t anything
dialog: temporary about being a Nun...
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: There is a formation process to
dialog: becoming a Bride of Christ.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: Temporary Vows would help prepare
dialog: me for a life of total
dialog: consecration...
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE
dialog: Would, Sister? Or will?
text: Busted. He looks back at her, curious. Sister Irene a little
text: flustered. She gathers herself.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: What brings a Frenchman to the
dialog: countryside of Romania?
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE
dialog: Actually I’m French Canadian but
dialog: don’t tell anyone. It doesn’t sound
dialog: as romantic...
text: He winks. She rolls her eyes.
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE (CONT'D)
dialog: And I’m here because I wanted to
dialog: see the world. But when I arrived
dialog: in Brasov and met the people I knew
dialog: this was where I was meant to be --
dialog: I wanted to help them in any way I
dialog: can...
text: An unexpected side of him.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: That’s very noble of you.
text: Sister Irene and Frenchie exchange a meaningful look when --
text: Wagon JOLTS to a sudden stop.
dialog: 17.
text: Startles ‘em.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE (CONT’D)
dialog: What happened?
text: Surrounded by the Pines. Casting dark shadows. Frenchie hops
text: off the Wagon. He grabs his SHOTGUN.
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: Is everything okay?
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE
text: We walk the rest of the way. The
dialog: horses won’t go any further.
text: As Father Burke and Sister Irene step off --
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: Perhaps you should get new horses.
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE
dialog: It’s not the horses, Father. It’s
text: what lies ahead. They’re scared.
dialog: The Abbey -- the locals say it is a
text: cursed place. The horses agree.
text: Sister Irene stares into the darkness between the pines.
text: Everything so still. So silent. A sense someone is watching.
text: Burke circles around and begins to unstrap the suitcases.
text: Frenchie grabs his arm: Please...
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Why don’t you keep your things here
dialog: and you two stay in town tonight?
dialog: I'd feel better about it.
text: As Father Burke continues with the suitcases --
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: “Fear not, for I am with you; be
dialog: not dismayed, for I am your God; I
dialog: will strengthen you, I will help
dialog: you, I will uphold you with my
dialog: righteous right hand.”
text: Frenchie looks over at Sister Irene.
text: Back to Burke.
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE
dialog: J’ai essaye. I tried.
dialog: They walk.
dialog: 18.
scene_heading: EXT. BARELY-A-ROAD - LATER
text: Branches block the sun. The darkness seems to dampen the
text: sounds. Maybe that’s why everything seems so... dead.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: If I may ask, Father, why is it the
dialog: Church sends you on such tasks?
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: The Church reaches out to me when
dialog: it needs an investigation into
dialog: unusual phenomenon associated with
dialog: Catholicism. Unofficially they call
dialog: it ‘miracle hunting’...
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: I thought we were here because of a
dialog: suicide...
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: We are. But I confess that is only
dialog: part of our investigation. We also
dialog: have orders from the Vatican to
dialog: determine if the grounds are
dialog: still... Holy.
dialog: And off her look --
text: Frenchie stops. Points through the trees:
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE
dialog: I can give you my opinion on the
dialog: matter now, Father.
dialog: They look and see --
text: A CASTLE. Or it used to be, anyway. A long time ago. But for
dialog: the last several hundred years it’s been home to
scene_heading: THE ABBEY OF ST. CARTA
dialog: Look, there are no vampires in this movie. But if there were,
dialog: you'd totally understand why just by looking at this place.
text: It’s a FORTRESS. Round Towers. Walls of Stone. Built to
text: withstand the attack of Foreign Invaders and Time Itself.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: That doesn’t look like any Abbey
dialog: I’ve seen, Father...
dialog: 19.
text: Father Burke throws her a look: No, me neither.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: A WOOD CROSS.
text: SLOWLY PULL BACK, revealing --
dialog: Whoa.
text: It is not alone. Just one of HUNDREDS. Big Crosses. Little
text: Crosses. Iron Crosses. Stone Crosses. Stick. Twig. Woven. I
dialog: mean, the Hill of Crosses ain’t got nothing on this place.
text: It’s like a MOAT OF RELIGION that surrounds the Abbey.
text: Father Burke, Sister Petra and Frenchie approach. Their eyes
text: on the Abbey that looms ahead of them. Father Burke notes a
text: TOWER that appears to have suffered some damage.
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: A result of the war?
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE
dialog: Bombing raids, yes. I’ve heard
dialog: stories of how the ground shook for
dialog: days after them. I have tried to
dialog: find more information on the castle
dialog: itself but there is no record of it
text: in the village and the locals only
dialog: spit when it is mentioned...
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: Spit?
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: To ward off evil.
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE
dialog: It’s an old and silly
dialog: superstition...
dialog: Drawing closer --
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: Did you try to contact someone
dialog: inside when you found the nun?
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE
dialog: I did. But no one responded. But
dialog: then again in the two years I've
dialog: been delivering supplies she was
dialog: the first nun I’d seen.
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
text: It is a convent of cloistered nuns.
dialog: They live with a spirit of
dialog: detachment from material things and
dialog: being set apart from the world in
dialog: order to maintain their intimate
dialog: relationship with Jesus Christ...
dialog: It isn’t unusual for them to not
text: make contact with an outsider.
dialog: Good to know.
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: Did you mention your discovery to
dialog: anyone in town?
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE
dialog: The delivery man I replaced. But he
dialog: told me to shut up about it...
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: What does he say about this place?
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE
dialog: I’ve only heard him speak of it
dialog: once -- when he was pissed -- er,
dialog: sorry -- inebriated. But it was
dialog: gibberish...
dialog: (remembering...)
dialog: Mostly.
text: Drawing closer to the entrance, Burke stops. Looks down. Sees
text: BLOOD on the stone. It’s like a Rorschach Test. If you ask me
dialog: it kinda looks like...
dialog: ..-nah, nevermind.
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE (CONT'D)
dialog: That’s where I found her.
text: They look up. See the Frayed End of the Rope swing in the
dialog: breeze. But look -- beyond it -- in the
scene_heading: ARCHED WINDOW
text: A Figure. Watches them. Before it steps away.
text: Father Burke makes the Sign of the Cross. Kneels down.
text: Touches the blood. Still wet. Fresh.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: How is that possible? It’s been
dialog: weeks....
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE
dialog: I told you. This place. What’s the
dialog: opposite of a miracle, Father?
text: Burke looks at him. Question cuts deep for some reason. But
text: he doesn’t answer. He moves over to the
speaker_heading: ENTRANCE DOOR
text: Big. Heavy. Built to stay closed. Burke pulls on a Rusted
text: Iron Ring anyway. Hinges groaaaaaaaan as the Door opens.
text: Burke pauses. Like he’s steeling himself.
text: Another Sign of the Cross and then he enters, disappearing
text: into the shadows beyond. Sister Irene soon follows.
text: Frenchie about to enter as well but he stops. Remembers
dialog: something. Might as well...
text: He spits.
text: And then steps inside a
scene_heading: DARK NARROW PASSAGE
dialog: Used to funnel outside invaders so they can be easily
dialog: attacked. Speaking of invaders --
text: We catch up to Father Burke and Sister Irene. Right outside
text: of a Small Door. Burke opens it and they all enter the
speaker_heading: GREAT PARLOR
dialog: Probably used to be the Lord’s Hall when this was a castle.
text: Lit by CANDLES for any natural light is sparse in here.
text: As it is with the rest of the castle.
dialog: Fucking great.
text: The furnishings are few. Mainly those shelves of DUSTY BOOKS.
text: A LARGE CONFESSIONAL BOOTH inspired by Rodin’s ‘Gates of
text: Hell’. And that LONE HIGH BACK CHAIR. It’s not a throne.
dialog: But close enough.
text: Behind it, the only PASSAGEWAY leading further into the
text: convent is blocked off by a PORTCULLIS -- a vertical closing
text: gate consisting of a latticed grille made of metal.
text: Along the Exterior Wall, SEVERAL PLASTER MALE AND FEMALE
text: FACES hang in intervals on rectangular slabs of White Stone.
dialog: 22.
text: Unnerved by their blank white eyes, Frenchie approaches one.
text: Gets close. Because he thinks he hears someone behind it
text: faintly whisper-sing a familiar tune:
text: A la claire fontaine m’en allant promener, J’ai trouvé l’eau
dialog: si belle que je m’y suis --
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE (0.S.)
dialog: They must be the Death Masks of the
dialog: people inside those tombs.
text: Frenchie steps away. Sister Irene and Father Burke behind
text: him. He’s rattled. Did he really just hear that singing?
dialog: And wait --
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE
dialog: -- tombs?
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
text: Here. In the walls.
dialog: But before I get to those...
text: OUT OF FOCUS, IN THE BACKGROUND
dialog: ...-who the hell is that now seated in the High Back Chair? I
text: mean I know it’s a Nun. She’s wearing a PARLOR VEIL. Long and
text: black, it covers her face and falls onto her chest.
dialog: That must be THE ABBESS.
text: And she does not move as she presumably watches --
text: Sister Irene, Father Burke, and Frenchie look over the Tombs.
text: ETCHINGS -- names, dates -- faded. Hard to read.
scene_heading: ON SISTER IRENE
text: Senses the Figure behind them. She turns. Suspicions
text: confirmed. She moves toward it.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: Hello?
text: Father Burke and Frenchie turn. Sees the Abbess. Frenchie
text: looks over at the others, like --
dialog: Is that normal?
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE (CONT’D)
dialog: Please excuse our unannounced
dialog: arrival...
dialog: 23.
text: No answer. No movement.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE (CONT’D)
dialog: Hello?
text: Nothing. Unnerved, Sister Irene stops. Looks back at the
dialog: others: Now what?
text: She turns back to the Abbess. And now sees the Abbess has
text: cocked her head right at her. Staring at her through the
dialog: veil. God help us.
speaker_heading: ABBESS
dialog: What is it you want?
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: I am Father Michael Burke. This is
dialog: Sister Irene Petra. To whom do we
dialog: have the pleasure of speaking to?
speaker_heading: ABBESS
dialog: I am the Reverend Mother. You are a
dialog: priest? What is a priest without
dialog: his collar?
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: Forgive our appearance. But as you
dialog: know, Reverend Mother, clothes
dialog: don’t make the Catholic. We are
dialog: here on behalf of Rome to inquire
dialog: about the recent death in your
dialog: convent...
speaker_heading: ABBESS
dialog: What recent death?
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE
dialog: There was a nun. I found her
text: outside. By the entrance.
speaker_heading: ABBESS
dialog: (in French)
dialog: Is that so?
text: Frenchie. Uneasy. Doesn’t want to respond.
dialog: To Frenchie --
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: Would you allow us a moment please?
text: Frenchie nods. Throws a look to Sister Irene. Back at Burke
text: and the Abbess. And then leaves. Okay, round two:
dialog: Jab.
dialog: Block.
dialog: Jab.
dialog: Uppercut.
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: ABBESS
dialog: You should leave with him.
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: Are you saying you weren't aware of
dialog: the recent passing of the Nun?
speaker_heading: ABBESS
dialog: What is it you want, Father?
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: Rome is concerned about the safety
dialog: and well-being of your cloister.
dialog: I'd like to speak with the Sisters
dialog: so I can offer my assurances to the
dialog: Church...
speaker_heading: ABBESS
dialog: I can offer the assurance you seek.
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: I'm afraid that won’t suffice.
dialog: They’11l just send more and perhaps
dialog: less diplomatic Church Officials.
speaker_heading: ABBESS
dialog: Yes, Father.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: However now we are about to take
dialog: our Vespers followed by the Great
text: Silence which continues until after
dialog: breakfast... Come back tomorrow and
dialog: you will find the answers you
dialog: seek... There is lodging in the
dialog: Chapel. You may stay there.
dialog: End of Round.
scene_heading: EXT. ABBEY - AFTERNOON - MOMENTS LATER
text: The Gray Stone of the Abbey Walls. The White Knuckles of
text: Frenchie’s grip on his shotgun. Suspect of everything.
dialog: 25.
text: Like a castle guard, he patrols the entrance. Can’t shake the
text: feeling of being watched. Looks up at the Dark Windows.
dialog: Is someone up there? Watching him?
scene_heading: Grooco000000000000aaaan.
text: He spins.
text: Shotgun at the ready.
text: Sister Irene and Father Burke exit the Abbey. Startled,
text: Frenchie quickly lowers his aim.
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE
dialog: Sorry -- I thought -- or rather I
dialog: wasn’t thinking...
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: It’s fine, Frenchie.
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE
dialog: Who was that in there?
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: That was the Abbess. She is the
text: second in command of the Abbey.
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE
dialog: Why wouldn’t she let us see her?
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
text: She was wearing a parlor veil. They
dialog: are worn when meeting people
dialog: outside their cloister to maintain
dialog: the spirit of detachment...
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: We need to wait until morning to
dialog: speak with the nuns...
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE
dialog: So it’s settled then. You’ll come
dialog: back with me and stay in town.
text: Burke walks over to the blood again.
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: That isn’t necessary. There are
dialog: accommodations for us in the
dialog: chapel...
text: Frenchie about to protest. But bites his tongue instead.
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: FATHER BURKE (CONT’D)
dialog: When you found the body, Frenchie,
dialog: what did you do? Leave it?
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE
text: No. When no one inside the Abbey
dialog: responded I moved it to protect her
dialog: body from the elements. I intended
dialog: on returning to bury her but I
dialog: couldn't bring myself to come back
dialog: here. Not... not alone.
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: Where did you move it to?
scene_heading: EXT. THE CONVENT WALLS - MOMENTS LATER
text: Frenchie leads Father Burke and Sister Irene around the
text: perimeter. Stops outside Storm Cellar-like DOORS.
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE
dialog: This is the ice house where I would
dialog: leave my deliveries. I never saw
dialog: anyone but they were always gone
dialog: when I returned... until now. When
dialog: I found the Sister I thought moving
dialog: her in here would help... preserve
dialog: her...
text: He OPENS one of the doors. Motions: After you...
text: Father Burke and Sister Irene stoop down and enter into the
speaker_heading: ICE HOUSE
text: The headache gray daylight spills into it. Their breath mists
text: out in front of them as they eye Sister Victoria.
text: Seated upright in the corner.
text: Father Burke about to go over to her but Frenchie reaches out
text: and grabs his arm once again: Not so fast.
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I should tell you one more thing,
dialog: Father...
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: What?
dialog: Pointing to Sister Victoria --
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE
dialog: That isn’t how I left her.
dialog: Waitwaitwait...
text: They both look over at Frenchie.
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE
dialog: She was laying down when I left her
text: here. Not like that. Sitting up.
dialog: Um...
scene_heading: ON FATHER BURKE
text: He creeps over toward the Sister Victoria’s Body. Needs to
text: get a closer look. On the shelves, food frozen with rot.
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: While unusual, there have been
text: cases of bodies twitching or
text: sitting up not long after death.
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE
dialog: But Father, who knows how long she
dialog: was dead when I found her....
text: Father Burke stops. Turns to Frenchie.
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: You're not helping.
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE
dialog: Sorry...
text: Father Burke turns back to Sister Victoria. Kneels beside
text: her. Winces as he sees her head wounds.
dialog: Makes the Sign of the Cross.
text: His eyes drop down to THAT CROSS she’s clutching in her dead,
text: frozen hands. But looking closer he sees, wait --
dialog: It isn’t just a cross.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: What is it, Father?
dialog: It’s actually --
dialog: 28.
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
text: Looks to be a key of some kind.
text: He tugs at the KEY. But the Rosary it’s attached to is locked
text: in Sister Victoria’s dead fingers. Pulls harder.
text: Rosary SNAPS. Beads scatter.
dialog: But the Key is free.
text: He inspects it further. Sees an ENGRAVING in its bronze:
speaker_heading: R1:18
dialog: Don’t ask me what it means. No idea. Neither does Father
text: Burke. He pockets it as his eyes drift over to the
speaker_heading: ACCESS DOOR
text: Leading into the castle. Cracked open. An inch. Maybe two.
text: Was someone just watching him through it?
text: A chill.
dialog: Either from that or the cold.
text: Father Burke turns and faces the others.
speaker_heading: FATHER BURKE (CONT’D)
dialog: We should give her a proper burial.
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY - LATER
text: Overgrown with Tombstones and Tall Grass. Next to a SMALL
text: CHAPEL that looks as if it’s still standing by faith alone.
text: Father Burke and Sister Irene stand at Sister Victoria’s
text: Fresh Grave. Frenchie stands nearby with a shovel. Heads
dialog: bowed because --
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: -- by Whose mercy the faithful
dialog: departed rest, send Your holy angel
dialog: to watch over this grave, through
dialog: Christ our Lord. Amen.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: Amen.
text: A BREEZE blows.
dialog: We hear --
dialog: 29.
dialog: Ting... Ting... Ting...
text: Of TINY BELLS staked next to several graves.
text: Sister Irene kneels by one of the Bells. Sees TWINE tied to
text: it while the other end of thread disappears into the dirt.
text: She tugs on the twine.
dialog: Ting.
text: Bell rings.
text: Frenchie and Father Burke appear behind her.
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE
dialog: It was common practice during the
dialog: plague when people feared of being
dialog: buried alive. If you were
dialog: unfortunate enough for it to
dialog: happen, you could ring the bell to
dialog: let those above ground know they’ve
dialog: made a mistake...
text: Sister Irene stands. They continue on toward a CHAPEL that
text: looks as if it’s still standing by faith alone.
scene_heading: INT. CHAPEL - LATE AFTERNOON - MOMENTS LATER
text: Aging clouds of dust swirl in the day’s dying light as Father
text: Burke, Sister Irene and Frenchie enter into the
speaker_heading: NAVE
dialog: The Main Part of the Chapel. Sure, it’s a House of God. But
text: probably not one he comes to very often. Rows of creaky pews.
text: Cracked Stained Glass Windows. An overturned confessional.
text: And a LARGE WOODEN CROSS above the Altar.
text: Frenchie sets down a SMALL BOX of supplies. But he’s still
dialog: eager to get them both to leave:
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE
dialog: Why could you not talk to the
dialog: sisters now? Why must it wait til
dialog: morning?
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
text: The sisters take a vow of silence
dialog: from sunset to sunrise. That must
dialog: be respected...
dialog: 30.
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: You should begin heading back
dialog: yourself. I imagine you don’t want
dialog: to be caught on those roads when
dialog: night falls...
text: Frenchie looks up at the HEADLESS STATUE OF THE VIRGIN MARY.
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE
dialog: Better the roads than here, Father.
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: We'll be fine, Frenchie. Come back
dialog: tomorrow. That should give us
dialog: enough time to get what we need.
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE
dialog: Yes, Father.
text: He turns and begins to exit the Church.
text: Throws one last look back at Father Burke and Sister Irene.
text: His grim expression says he isn’t so sure they’1ll be fine.
dialog: He’s right.
scene_heading: INT. CHAPEL - GUEST HALLWAY - LATER
text: Sister Irene opens a CLOSET. Digs out old BLANKETS and BED
text: SHEETS. Sniffs them. Surprised they aren’t mildewed.
text: She begins to head down to a Guest Room when she pauses to
text: look at SEVERAL FRAMED PHOTOGRAPHS hanging on the walls.
text: Pictures of the Convent and the Nuns. Years gone by. In the
text: most recent one we see a familiar face -- Sister Charlotte.
dialog: Whom we met in the second Annabelle.
text: Sister Irene continues on to the
speaker_heading: GUEST BEDROOM
text: But the light is scarce.
text: She sees an OIL LANTERN on a nearby shelf. A BOX of MATCHES
text: next to it. She strikes the match and we --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: -- THE OIL LANTERN.
text: Glows between Father Burke and Sister Irene as they sit at a
dialog: small table ina
dialog: 31.
scene_heading: CRAMPED BACK KITCHEN
text: Eating BEAN PASTE with smoked meat. A staple of traditional
text: Romanian cuisine. It looks... edible. The Table Wine helps.
text: Father Burke has his Crossword Puzzle open next to his plate.
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: Transferals.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: Transferals?
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: Transferals.
dialog: Thinks...
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: ..-passing?
text: Father Burke writes it in. Stops. Erases.
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: Not enough letters.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: I told you it was beginner’s luck.
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: Perhaps.
text: He continues to go over his puzzle.
dialog: Sister Irene has something to say. You can tell by the way
text: she sneaks looks at Father Burke. Say it now? Or... now?
dialog: What about...
dialog: Now:
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: Father. You mentioned miracle
dialog: hunting before. Is that -- is that
dialog: a role you sought out?
text: Father Burke doesn’t look up from his food. Because he
text: doesn’t really want to have this conversation right now.
dialog: Or ever.
dialog: 32.
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: I was a chaplain in the war,
dialog: stationed in near Eus in the south
dialog: of France. There was... an
dialog: incident. A child with visions. My
dialog: work with the boy drew the
dialog: attention of the Church and because
dialog: of that I was recruited to look
dialog: into the more unusual matters
dialog: involving the Church...
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: So you know Bishop Form?
text: That gets him to look up.
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: How do you --
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: Because he helped me when I was
dialog: younger...
text: Father Burke sets his fork down: Really...
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE (CONT’D)
dialog: I had a series of visions when I
dialog: was a girl. My father believed one
dialog: of two things: I was mentally
dialog: unstable or worse, I was a liar.
dialog: But word of my visions reached the
dialog: church -- Cardinal Conroy
dialog: specifically -- and he sent Bishop
dialog: Form to meet with me. Days before I
dialog: was to be committed, they contacted
dialog: my Father and convinced him of a
dialog: third option...
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: That they were a miracle.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: That they could be.
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: And Bishop Form, he spoke to you
dialog: about these visions?
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: He did.
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: And did he consider possession?
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: Yes. But after his investigation he
dialog: determined I was of pure spirit and
dialog: suggested I dedicate myself to the
dialog: Lord...
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: Have you had any visions since?
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: No.
text: Burke nods. His thoughts distant.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE (CONT’D)
dialog: What about the boy? Did his
dialog: eventually stop as well?
text: Father Burke flinches. A painful memory.
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: Yes.
text: He stands. Takes his plate over to the sink. Exits out of the
text: Kitchen. Leaving Sister Irene all alone.
text: With only more questions.
scene_heading: INT. CHAPEL - VARIOUS - NIGHT
text: The Nave. The Kitchen. The Altar. The Side Aisle. The Back
text: Hallway. All are empty. And as silent as the grave.
dialog: This includes the
speaker_heading: FIRST BEDROOM
text: In which Father Burke sleeps. We slowly PUSH IN on him. Like
text: we're creeping up, ready to pounce. Somewhere behind us --
text: PitterPatterPitterPatterPitterPatter....
text: Of FOOTSTEPS.
text: And a playful GIGGLE.
text: Loud enough that Father Burke sits up. He squints into the
text: gloom of night. Something there? Or maybe he was just drea--
text: PitterPatterPitter...
dialog: No.
dialog: 34.
dialog: That wasn’t any dream.
text: He throws back the covers and gets out of his cot.
text: Moves into the
scene_heading: BACK HALLWAY
text: Looks in on Sister Irene in the Second Guest Bedroom. Asleep
text: in her cot. Undisturbed by...
text: More FOOTSTEPS.
text: Father Burke spins and follows them into the
speaker_heading: NAVE
text: Still empty. Still quiet. Father Burke peers into the shadows
text: that hang like cobwebs.
dialog: Creak.
text: Behind him.
text: He turns and sees A BOY. Standing still near the Side
text: Entrance. Silhouetted in the darkness.
text: Father Burke. A flicker of recognition on his face.
dialog: Is that...?
text: He takes a step forward for a better look but --
text: Boy takes off.
text: Outside the entrance.
text: Father Burke hurries after him.
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS
text: A starless, moonless night. Feels like it’s near lifeless
text: too. As Father Burke pauses by a crumbling tombstone.
dialog: Where’d the boy go?
text: Father Burke walks deeper into the cemetery. His eyes dart
text: from grave to grave. Searching. The Boy could be anywhere.
text: Or maybe he’s gone entirely. Because he doesn’t seem to be
text: anywhere. Damnit. Father Burke begins to turn back but --
dialog: The Boy.
dialog: 35.
text: There he is. Standing still in the darkness. His head hung.
text: And whoa, it looks like he’s SPROUTED WINGS from his back.
dialog: Who is this?
text: Unnerved, Father Burke slowly approaches. Slow and
text: deliberate. Doesn’t want to scare the boy away.
text: As he draws closer, he realizes those wings. They’re stone.
text: Because the boy is standing in front of an ANGEL STATUE.
text: Boy keeps his head down. His eyes off Burke. Father Burke
dialog: uses this as an opportunity to get even closer when --
text: The Boy SNAPS HIS EYES up at Burke.
text: Burke stops.
dialog: Can’t believe it --
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: Daniel?
text: The Boy begins to convulse, like he’s choking. Something
text: caught in is throat. Something big. He HACKS.
text: Opens his mouth.
text: And slowly VOMITS out a LARGE SNAKE.
text: The Snake hissssssssssses as it writhes out of The Boy’s
text: stretched open mouth. Slithers into the grass.
text: Startled, Father Burke backs away and start to hurry across
text: the cemetery. Looks back over his shoulder and --
text: Falls into a hole in the ground. A SHALLOW GRAVE. Burke lands
text: hard in an Open Coffin. Lid SLAMS shut and
scene_heading: INSIDE THE COFFIN
text: Burke SLAMS his fists against the lid. Struggling to get it
text: open. But it won’t budge. And what’s worse is...
scene_heading: Thud. Thud. Thud.
text: Right on the other side of the lid. The sound unmistakable.
text: It’s Clumps of Dirt. He’s being buried alive.
dialog: Father Burke SCREAMS and we --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 36.
text: Sister Irene shoots straight up out of bed. Like she just had
text: a terrible dream. Gasping for air. She looks around the
scene_heading: SECOND GUEST BEDROOM
text: All seems normal. But still. A feeling creeps over her. A
dialog: sense that something ain’t right. And then --
text: A SHADOW passes over.
text: Walking by.
text: Startles her. She gets out of bed. As behind her the
text: moonlight casts SHADOWS on the wall. Branches. Bed posts.
text: Sister Irene lights the Oil Lantern. As it brightens, those
text: shadows on the wall fade. Except for one.
text: A very familiar silhouette.
text: But Sister Irene doesn’t see it as she carries the oil
dialog: lantern out into
scene_heading: BACK HALLWAY
text: Sees the door to Father Burke’s Room is ajar. She approaches,
text: trying to get a glimpse inside. See if he’s okay.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: Father?
dialog: No answer.
text: Hesitant, she creeeaks open the door further to find it’s
text: empty. Concerned, Sister Irene turns and is faced with --
text: THAT SHADOW on the wall behind her. In the Unholy Shape of
text: The Nun. It moves. Walking along the wall and floor.
text: Toward the Nave. Where she hears DISTANT CHANTING.
text: WHISPERING. And PRAYING.
text: Unsettled, Sister Irene follows the shadow into the
speaker_heading: NAVE
text: And sees Dark Figures. Sitting in the pews. Facing the Altar
text: like they’re listening to a sermon. Their backs toward us.
dialog: They're NUNS.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE (CONT’D)
dialog: Excuse me?
dialog: 37.
text: Waits. But no reaction. She starts toward one of the Nuns
text: closest to her but stops when she sees --
dialog: The Shadow of The Nun.
text: It has returned.
text: And begins to walk along the Chapel walls.
text: Sister Irene watches. Eyes following the shadow. It turns her
text: around as it moves into a MIRROR.
scene_heading: IN THE REFLECTION
text: The shadow becomes a BODY. You can’t see her face but you
dialog: don’t need to. You know. It’s The Demon Nun.
text: Standing in front of the Altar.
dialog: Under that Huge Wooden Cross.
text: The Demon Nun raises her hand and points at Irene.
speaker_heading: SCREECHES.
text: And now all the Other Nuns turn and look at Sister Irene as
text: well. Their faces gruesome and pale.
text: Sister Irene snaps back to look at them behind her.
text: But no one is there.
text: And as she processes whether she imagines this --
speaker_heading: BOOM!
text: The Huge Wooden Cross CRASHES to the ground.
text: Terrified, Sister Irene turns and runs out of the Nave.
dialog: Returning into the
scene_heading: BACK HALLWAY
dialog: Calling out for --
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE (CONT’D)
dialog: Father!
text: Checks the Kitchen. Priest’s Study. The Meeting Room. But
text: Father Burke is nowhere to be found. Her panic increasing,
text: Sister Irene stumbles out of the Chapel.
dialog: 38.
scene_heading: EXT. CHAPEL - NIGHT -— CONTINUOUS
text: Sister Irene stops right outside the exit. Suddenly
text: confronted with the night. Her eyes scan the landscape.
text: She feels too exposed.
dialog: But then --
dialog: Tingtingting...
text: Sister Irene looks over in the direction of the cemetery.
text: TingTingTingTing...
text: She moves over into the
speaker_heading: CEMETERY
text: Tombstones in shadow seem like abandoned ancient alien
text: artifacts. Sister Irene walks among them. A stranger in an
text: even stranger land as she continues to follow the --
text: TingTingTinTingTingTingTing...
text: Leads her to an OLD GRAVE. She kneels down. Sets the Lantern
text: beside her. It illuminates the TINY BELL continuing to ring.
text: She stops the bell.
dialog: Pauses.
text: Like, now what? But then she looks down at the ground.
text: Scared, she puts her ear close to the earth. Listens.
text: And through the dirt she hears --
text: THE MUFFLED SCREAMS OF FATHER BURKE.
dialog: Sister Irene.
text: Stunned. How is that possible? This grave looks like it’s
dialog: been filled for decades. Nevermind that for now --
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: Father! FATHER!
text: Starts to dig her fingers into the dirt. Scraping it away,
dialog: desperate. Continue to call out for --
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE (CONT’D)
dialog: Father! I can hear you!
dialog: 39.
text: She looks around for something to help her. Sees the SHOVEL
text: Frenchie used earlier leaning against the grave. Gets up.
text: Grabs it.
text: She begins to dig. And dig. And dig.
dialog: Thump!
dialog: Must be the coffin. Not six feet under. But far enough. Lets
text: the shovel drop. Returns to using her hands.
text: As she sweeps away the surface dirt, she reveals HUNDREDS OF
text: TINY CROSSES. Scratched deep into the lid of the COFFIN.
text: Father Burke continues to POUND against the lid.
text: Sister Irene pries it open.
text: Father Burke sits right up, gasping for life.
text: He grasps onto Sister Irene like she’s just pulled him from
text: the depths of death. Eventually able to muster --
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: Thank you... Sister... thank...
text: Streaked with dirt and sweat, Sister Irene looks past Father
text: Burke and back into the coffin. It’s filled with BOOKS.
scene_heading: EXT. CHAPEL - EARLY MORNING
text: As the day’s first light breaks, we hear the WHISPERING of --
scene_heading: INT. CHAPEL - GUEST BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: -- Sister Irene. Kneeling at her bedside. Reciting her Lauds.
text: Eyes closed. Her voice trembles, fingers fidget. Still
text: clearly rocked by the events of last night.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: -- is now, and ever shall be, world
dialog: without end. Amen. Alleluia.
dialog: Doesn’t sound so joyous though.
text: She opens her eyes. They take in the small room, lit soft by
text: the purple dawn. She sighs: Damn. Wasn’t a dream.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: MEDIEVAL ILLUSTRATIONS.
dialog: 40.
text: Details exquisitely gruesome. Blueprints for strange torture
text: devices. Animals staked. Men skinned. Women burned.
text: And WORDS. Inked in elaborate script. I guess they’re in
dialog: Latin? Romanian? Not sure. But they seem like --
speaker_heading: FATHER BURKE (0.S.)
dialog: -- Witchcraft.
text: He looks up from writing in his JOURNAL as Sister Irene
dialog: enters the
scene_heading: SMALL KITCHEN
text: Candles BURN. The morning sun still weak.
text: Several Ancient Texts open on the table. Other stacked on the
text: floor. A treasure trove of medieval madness.
speaker_heading: FATHER BURKE (CONT’D)
dialog: Incantations, spells, curses,
dialog: unholy rituals used to conjure
text: demons and devils and open portals
dialog: to the underworld. Most of these
dialog: books are hundreds of years old but
text: look at them -- ink still fresh,
text: pages intact, colors bright.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: It’s heresy. They should have been
dialog: destroyed...
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: There is a belief in certain
dialog: circles that destroying any object
dialog: of magick could release whatever
dialog: power was believed to be stored
dialog: inside. I suspect that’s why they
dialog: were buried in the grave of the
text: Marquis instead of being destroyed
dialog: outright...
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: Marquis?
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: The original owner of the castle it
text: seems. His seal is in each of these
dialog: books...
text: Shows her the SEAL painted on a page: It resembles the
text: ourobouros. Only more sinister.
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: Why would a marquis have books on
dialog: witchcraft?
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: I pray our talks with the Nuns will
dialog: answer that for us...
text: Sister Irene. Lost in bad thoughts.
text: He nods.
speaker_heading: FATHER BURKE (CONT’D)
dialog: Everything all right, Sister?
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: Yes, Father. It’s just the events
dialog: of last night... What I saw in the
dialog: Chapel... It weighs on me.
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: I saw something too. It’s what drew
dialog: me to the cemetery... A boy.
dialog: Daniel...
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: The boy from France?
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: Unlike your case, after what I
dialog: believed was careful evaluation, I
dialog: made the judgment he was possessed
dialog: and proceeded to act accordingly,
dialog: within the laws of the Church. It
dialog: was my first exorcism.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: Was it a success?
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: The Church thought so. They
dialog: believed the evil was cast out...
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: But not you?
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: Daniel sustained severe injuries
text: during the exorcism. Ones from
dialog: which he could not recover. He died
dialog: days later. I often wonder if I was
dialog: too eager with my determination.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: That is a puzzle.
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: Are you certain it was him you saw
dialog: last night?
text: He looks up at her. Not sure he wants to answer that
dialog: question. Waitaminute...
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: Territory.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: Excuse me?
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: Cardinal Conroy recommended you
dialog: because you were familiar with the
dialog: territory. He didn’t mean Romania.
dialog: He meant your visions. You’re
dialog: familiar with strange phenomenon...
text: HOLD ON Sister Irene. If she wasn’t so pious she’d probably
text: be screaming ‘oh fuck oh shit’ inside her head right now.
dialog: Maybe she is anyway.
scene_heading: EXT. ABBEY - DAY
text: Everything about the Convent screams ‘Don’t Come Any Closer’.
text: But there’s Father Burke and Sister Irene anyway.
text: Trudging up the path.
text: They stop when they come to Sister Victoria’s BLOOD STAIN
dialog: because...
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: ...there’s more of it.
text: She's right. The Blood Stains are larger. As if the earth
text: itself is wounded, bubbling over with blood.
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: Another puzzle.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: Father. Is this our answer to
dialog: whether the grounds are still holy?
text: Father Burke looks at the Convent.
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: It’s common for evil to surround a
dialog: place such as this.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: FATHER BURKE (CONT'D)
dialog: It is a fortress, after all. Built
dialog: to keep unwanted forces out. The
dialog: question we have to answer, Sister,
dialog: is has it been breached?
dialog: Not to give anything away but...
dialog: Yeah. It has.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: AN ANGRY BEAR.
text: Carved on the SIGN of
scene_heading: THE BLACK BEAR PUB
text: Which is like the unofficial City Hall of Brasov.
scene_heading: INT. THE BLACK BEAR PUB - DAY
text: Littered with daydrinkers. As much a fixture as the lights,
text: the taps, and the bar. At which slumps --
text: Frenchie. Nursing his beer.
text: A YOUNG WOMAN, 19 and a beauty, hangs on him. Speaking
text: Romanian, she whispers into his ear.
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE
dialog: You know I don’t speak Romanian.
text: She whispers some more.
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I still have no idea what you’re
dialog: talking about, Mademoiselle.
text: More whispers. She smiles as she does. So does Frenchie. Not
text: at what she’s saying though. But at her hand on his thigh.
text: Frenchie nods: Yes, yes, now he understands...
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I agree. Actions do speak louder
dialog: than words...
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE!
text: Oh shit. Frenchie swats her hand away. He turns. Sees it’s
text: GREGORO, 60s. Waving him over. Phew...
dialog: 44,
dialog: To the Young Woman --
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE
dialog: Don’t leave.
text: He walks over.
speaker_heading: GREGORO
dialog: That couple I saw you with
dialog: yesterday. Who were they?
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE
dialog: A Priest and a Nun. I took them up
dialog: to the Abbey...
text: Gregoro’s expression hardens.
speaker_heading: GREGORO
dialog: The Abbey? Why?
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE
dialog: They were sent by the Church.
speaker_heading: GREGORO
dialog: Are they still up there? They
dialog: stayed the night?
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE
dialog: Yes. I pick them today.
text: Gregoro motions to the bartender: One more drink...
speaker_heading: GREGORO
dialog: You recently discovered a body up
dialog: there, didn’t you?
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: GREGORO
dialog: Well, drink up to steel your
dialog: nerves, son. I believe you’re about
text: to discover two more.
scene_heading: INT. PARLOUR - MOMENTS LATER
dialog: Candles lit.
dialog: Feels like it’s always night time in here.
text: The Chair sits empty. We hear FOOTSTEPS ECHO before we see
text: Sister Irene and Father Burke enter the chamber.
dialog: 45.
text: Both quiet.
text: Trying to listen for signs of life.
text: But they hear none.
text: Father Burke walks over to the DOORWAY blocked by the
text: Portcullis. Beyond it, a Passageway draped in shadow.
dialog: Through the Iron Grate --
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: Hello? Abbess? As requested, we’re
dialog: hear to speak with the Nuns...
dialog: Listens.
text: Still no answer.
text: He looks back at Sister Irene: Any ideas?
dialog: But then --
text: ClinkClinkClinkClinkClinkClinkClink!
dialog: Of the Portcullis.
text: Father Burke steps back.
text: In the walls, they hear the rusted links of an Ancient Chain
text: clinkclinkclink as it raises the Portcullis.
text: Sister Irene walks over and joins Father Burke at the
dialog: threshold of the
speaker_heading: PASSAGEWAY
text: Sister Irene looks above them, sees the Spiked Ends of the
text: Portcullis jutting out from their recesses in the ceiling.
text: Like rotting fangs.
speaker_heading: FATHER BURKE (CONT’D)
dialog: That seems like as much of an
dialog: invitation as we’ll get here.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: I'll go find the Abbess.
text: Father Burke pulls the Rosary Key out of his pocket.
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: Take this.
dialog: 46.
dialog: She does.
speaker_heading: FATHER BURKE (CONT’D)
dialog: See what you can find out about it.
dialog: It was obviously important to the
dialog: deceased...
text: Sister Irene nods. Runs her fingers along the engraving.
text: R1:18. Wondering what it means...
speaker_heading: FATHER BURKE (CONT’D)
dialog: I realized last night what it
dialog: meant. Revelations 1:18: ‘I am he
dialog: that liveth, and was dead; and,
dialog: behold, I am alive for evermore,
dialog: Amen; and have the keys of Hell and
dialog: of death.’
dialog: Frankly, I’d rather not know that.
text: Sister Irene I think agrees. As she gives another quick
text: glance to the teeth above. Before she crosses steps into the
text: shadows of the Passageway.
dialog: We follow.
text: Through Narrow Darkness and into the Bright Light of a
speaker_heading: COURTYARD
text: Once the beating heart to the castle, it now seems dead and
text: lifeless. As if the sun hasn’t shone on it for centuries.
text: Sister Irene stands at the center. Not sure which way to go.
dialog: That way? This way? How about back the way you came. Leave.
text: She peers into the shadows under the Arched Walkways. A sense
dialog: she’s being watched. Just not sure from -- wait --
text: A BLUR OF MOVEMENT.
text: Out of the corner of her eye.
dialog: Over there.
text: Sister Irene turns. Sees just in time a Nun disappear through
dialog: a door and --
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: Hello? Wait!
text: She follows the Nun and enters into the
speaker_heading: DINING HALL
dialog: 47.
dialog: No sign of any Nuns.
text: But on the Tables, a few plates with scattered bread crumbs.
text: Water Glasses half empty. Like they were just here.
text: At each setting, a HOLY CARD. Brand new. Color. Each one
text: depicts a different SAINT with an accompanying prayer.
text: She hears a CLATTER coming from the
speaker_heading: KITCHEN
text: Sister Irene walks in. Expecting to find someone. But she
text: only finds instead MEAT roasting on a spit over a fire.
text: And the faucet dripdripdripping.
text: She shuts it off.
text: And then moves toward the exit and back out into the
speaker_heading: COURTYARD
dialog: Creeeeeeeeeaaaak. Clack.
text: She spots one of the Chapel Double Doors closing.
text: Hurries over and pushes it back open and walks into the
speaker_heading: PRIVATE CHAPEL
dialog: Don’t mistake private for small though. Vaulted Ceilings.
text: Stained Glass. Prayer Candles. And that PIPE ORGAN.
text: But eyes up front. Because kneeling before a life-sized wood
text: carved STATUE OF THE VIRGIN MARY cradling a BABY JESUS is --
text: A NUN.
dialog: Back to us.
text: Whispering Prayers.
dialog: Sister Irene approaches. Slowly cause you just know something
text: fucked up is about to happen. Sister Irene knows it too.
text: Somewhere above the rafters, a bird FLUTTERS and CHIRPS.
dialog: Trying to draw our attention away from the Nun. But no, can’t
dialog: let it happen. We’re not taking our eyes off that Nun.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE (CONT’D)
dialog: Excuse me?
dialog: No answer.
dialog: 48.
text: Edges herself ever closer.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE (CONT’D)
dialog: Sister?
text: Sister Irene stands right behind her now.
text: Kneeling Nun still whispering prayers. Sister Irene listens
dialog: longer than I would. But that’s not saying much.
text: Sister Irene slowly begins to circle around to get a glimpse
dialog: of the Kneeling Nun’s Face when --
text: From behind her, A HAND reaches out.
text: Grabs Sister Irene.
text: Sister Irene spins and sees another Nun standing in shadow
text: before her. This is SISTER MIRANDA, 20s. Sister Irene quickly
text: looks back at the Kneeling Nun. Still saying her prayers.
speaker_heading: SISTER MIRANDA
dialog: This convent has had perpetual
dialog: adoration for centuries. The
dialog: sisters pray in shifts to maintain
text: the constant vigil.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: I am sorry to have disturbed her.
speaker_heading: SISTER MIRANDA
dialog: You didn’t. But almost. However
dialog: Sister Ruth has withstood more than
text: just someone sneaking up behind
dialog: her...
text: Sister Irene. Embarrassed. Sister Miranda steps a little more
text: into the light. Revealing a face of bruised beauty.
dialog: Makes you wince. Sister Irene too.
speaker_heading: SISTER MIRANDA (CONT’D)
dialog: I’m Sister Miranda. We were told
dialog: you were coming...
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: Y-yes. I’m here with Father Burke.
dialog: There is an official inquiry into
dialog: the circumstances that led to the
dialog: recent and unfortunate death in
dialog: your cloister...
dialog: Sister Miranda considers this. Then:
dialog: 49,
speaker_heading: SISTER MIRANDA
dialog: Please. Follow me.
scene_heading: INT. GREAT PARLOUR - CONTINUOUS
text: Father Burke flips through one of the Dusty Books. On every
text: page, the same passage. Over and over again.
dialog: He reads --
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: ‘,..And out of the ground the Lord
dialog: God formed every beast of the field
dialog: and every bird of the sky, and
dialog: brought them to the man to see what
dialog: he would call them; and whatever
dialog: the man called a living creature,
dialog: that was its name.’
dialog: Thump.
text: Father Burke turns.
text: ThumpThump.
text: Coming from the direction of those TOMBS.
text: He closes his journal and puts it back into his Satchel as he
text: walks over toward them. Death Masks stares back at him.
dialog: Which one was it?
dialog: Thump.
dialog: That one.
text: Father Burke walks over to the Tomb. He puts his ear up
text: against its slab. Hears something moving inside.
text: Father Burke looks around the Parlour. He sees an old FIRE
text: POKER leaning up against the Book Shelf.
text: Grabs it and returns to the Tomb. Uses the Poke to pry open
dialog: the Tomb, revealing --
text: A SHRIVELED, OLD CORPSE. Surrounded by coils and coils of
text: WRITHING SNAKES. Holy shit...
text: Horrified, Burke reels back. It’s as if the very walls of
text: this castle are infested with these serpents.
text: He watches a snake slither across the length of the parlor
text: and disappear into a crack in the stone.
dialog: 50.
text: Father Burke quickly shuts the Tomb. Turns and looks back at
text: the Parlor: What is this place? And then, a flash of memory.
text: Prompts him into action.
text: From his satchel, Father Burke pulls out one of the Ancient
text: Texts found last night. Flips the pages and sees --
scene_heading: AN ILLUSTRATION.
text: Of this Parlor. But with a symbol on the floor.
text: Father Burke walks to the center of the room. Gets on his
text: knees and inspects the floor. Smells it. Huh. Something there
dialog: for sure. Dips his finger in it. Tastes that and yeah it’s --
speaker_heading: FATHER BURKE (CONT’D)
dialog: Sulphur.
text: Reaches back into his bag. Pulls out a VIAL filled with
text: POWDER. Pours a little of it onto the floor.
text: Strikes a MATCH.
dialog: Lights the powder with it and --
speaker_heading: FWOOOOSH!
text: It catches fire and burns in the outline and shape of a
speaker_heading: GIANT PENTAGRAM
text: Across the entire floor of the parlor. The fire flares
text: brightly before it flames out. Leaving a BURNT MARK behind.
dialog: Holy shit.
scene_heading: INT. SITTING ROOM - LATER
text: A Fire CRACKS and POPS in the hearth. Sister Miranda and
text: Sister Irene sit in nearby chairs. Feeling its warmth.
dialog: It'd be cozy. If it wasn’t creepy.
text: Sister Miranda finishes stirring a CUP OF TEA and offers it
text: to Sister Irene. She takes it. Sips it. Bitter. Gross.
text: But she manages a polite and grateful smile anyway.
speaker_heading: SISTER MIRANDA
dialog: Sister Victoria’s death was a
dialog: terrible tragedy for the convent
dialog: but we still feel her presence.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: SISTER MIRANDA (CONT'D)
dialog: She was the most devoted out of any
dialog: of us...
text: A heavy pause. And a darkness in the doorway behind Sister
text: Irene catches Sister Miranda’s eye. She stares as --
text: Sister Irene turns and looks.
dialog: No one there.
speaker_heading: SISTER MIRANDA (CONT’D)
dialog: Excuse me, Sister...
text: Up from her chair. Over to the door. She quickly closes it.
text: The creeeeaking hinges rival the crackling fire.
text: She returns to her seat by the fire.
speaker_heading: SISTER MIRANDA (CONT’D)
dialog: Sister Vict--
dialog: Creeeaaaaaaak.
dialog: Shit.
text: Door OPEN.
text: Both Sister Irene and Sister Miranda look. Standing in the
dialog: shadows -- who is that? -- The Nun? -- Or just a Nun?
text: Well, whoever it is turns and walks out of view.
text: Sister Miranda. Slight tremble. Slight break in her voice as
text: she turns back to Sister Irene and explains:
speaker_heading: SISTER MIRANDA (CONT’D)
dialog: Forgive us. We’re highly protective
dialog: of our privacy. Some of the sisters
dialog: would prefer I not speak to you at
dialog: all...
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: We appreciate your willingness to
dialog: do so...
text: Sister Miranda forces a smile. Looks back over her shoulder.
text: Distracted. Sister Irene tries to pull her attention back --
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE (CONT’D)
dialog: Sister Miranda -- last night -- in
dialog: the Chapel -- I saw a Nun...
text: It worked. That gets Sister Miranda’s attention. Her face
text: pale. Her eyes wide. Brimming with fear.
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE (CONT’D)
dialog: She was... She felt... anything but
dialog: Holy...
text: Once more Sister Miranda looks to make sure they’re alone.
text: And then she leans in and whispers to Sister Irene --
speaker_heading: SISTER MIRANDA
dialog: Do you see her too? I’ve seen her
dialog: stalking the hallways at night. We
dialog: all have... She looks like us. But
dialog: she’s not one of us. It’s something
text: unholy. It takes on the blasphemous
dialog: form to corrupt us... It made
dialog: Sister Victoria commit the ultimate
dialog: sin and --
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Sister Miranda --
text: SISTER ABIGAIL, 30s, appears next to them.
scene_heading: VOICE/SISTER ABIGAIL
dialog: It’s time to attend to your
dialog: prayers...
text: Sister Miranda and Sister Irene quickly stand. Both startled
text: by the sudden presence of Sister Abigail.
dialog: And from their conversation.
speaker_heading: SISTER MIRANDA
dialog: Yes, Sister.
text: Sister Abigail looks at Sister Irene. Passing judgment.
speaker_heading: SISTER ABIGAIL
dialog: You haven’t taken your vows yet?
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: SISTER ABIGAIL
dialog: You shouldn't be here. This is not
dialog: a place for you...
text: Sister Irene. Taken aback. Tries to stammer out an excuse but
dialog: Sister Abigail doesn’t allow for one.
speaker_heading: SISTER ABIGAIL (CONT’D)
dialog: Sister Victoria was a troubled
text: young woman. Her family had a
dialog: history of mental illness.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: SISTER ABIGAIL (CONT’D)
dialog: A suicide is a tragedy but that is
dialog: all it was -- a woman who had lost
text: her grip on reality.
text: Sister Abigail leaves.
speaker_heading: SISTER MIRANDA
dialog: Come, Sister. I will show you out.
scene_heading: INT. CONVENT - WALKWAY - MOMENTS LATER
text: Sister Irene follows Sister Miranda to the Passageway. Before
text: she leaves, Sister Irene remembers the Rosary Key in her
text: pocket. Pulls it out and shows it to Sister Miranda.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: Sister Victoria had this in her
dialog: possession when she died. Do you
dialog: happen to know what it’s for?
text: A flash of recognition across Sister Miranda's face tells us
dialog: that yeah, she definitely does. But again she says --
speaker_heading: SISTER MIRANDA
dialog: No.
text: Spots something out of the corner of her eye. Not sure what.
dialog: But whatever it was it causes her to --
speaker_heading: SISTER MIRANDA (CONT’D)
dialog: Now. Please. Go.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: Father Burke will want to hear this
text: directly from the Abbess.
speaker_heading: SISTER MIRANDA
dialog: I’1l see what can be done.
text: She looks back over her shoulder.
text: A NUN standing on a balcony. That same one from earlier.
text: Looking down on them with a face shrouded in shadow.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: Who is that?
text: Eyes up to the balcony --
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: SISTER MIRANDA
dialog: Tell Father to remember Matthew
dialog: 6:13: “Trust in the Lord with all
dialog: your heart, and do not lean on your
dialog: own understanding...”
scene_heading: INT. PARLOUR - MOMENTS LATER
text: Sister Irene steps out of the Passageway. Sees the burnt
text: outline of the Pentagram. Makes the sign of the Cross.
text: Looks around the Parlour. It’s empty. No sign of Father
text: Burke. She hurries for the exit.
scene_heading: EXT. CONVENT - MOMENTS LATER
text: Father Burke looks over at Sister Irene as she exits the
text: Convent. Frenchie runs over to her.
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE
dialog: Dieu Merci. Are you okay?
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: Yes. Fine. Thank you. Father, what
dialog: is that in the parlour?
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE
dialog: What is what?
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
text: Nothing. Just more remnants of the
dialog: past...
dialog: (to Sister Irene)
dialog: What did you find?
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: Something is off. They’re being
dialog: tormented by something. The nun I
dialog: spoke with -- Sister Miranda --
text: she says she’s seen things too.
dialog: Things that I’ve seen. They all
dialog: have. But she told me this in
dialog: confidence -- like she was scared
dialog: to speak of it. It is my belief
dialog: that this is why they keep
dialog: perpetual adoration as well,
dialog: Father. For centuries, I was told.
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: Really?
dialog: Oh. Shit.
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE
dialog: Adoration? Qu’est-ce que c’est?
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: It’s constant prayer. Every hour of
dialog: every day.
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE
dialog: How is that possible? They need to
dialog: sleep, don’t they?
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: The Sisters don’t pray all at the
text: same time. It’s done in shifts.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: When I was leaving, Father, Sister
dialog: Miranda wanted me to remind you of
dialog: Matthew 3:13: “Trust in the Lord
dialog: with all your heart, and do not
dialog: lean on your own understanding...”
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: That isn’t Matthew. That’s
dialog: Proverbs.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: I know. I think she quoted the
dialog: wrong verse because she feared
dialog: someone was listening to us.
dialog: Someone who wouldn’t know Matthew
dialog: 3:13...
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE
dialog: What’s Matthew 3:13?
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: It’s a part of the Lord’s Prayer.
dialog: “Lead us not into temptation, and
dialog: deliver us from evil. “
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE (CONT’D)
text: It’s a cry for help.
text: Father Burke looks up at the Convent. Thinking.
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE
dialog: Please. Let us go back into town.
dialog: If I can’t bring you to your senses
dialog: I know a man there who will.
dialog: 56.
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: Who?
scene_heading: EXT. THE BLACK BEAR PUB - NIGHT
text: Frenchie leads Sister Irene and Father Burke to the entrance.
text: He hesitates. Sheepishly looks over to Sister Irene.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE
dialog: It isn’t the classiest of
dialog: establishments, Sister.
dialog: Like maybe you should stay outside but --
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: Neither was the stable in Bethlehem
dialog: but that served its purpose.
text: She enters. After a look, Frenchie and Father Burke follow.
scene_heading: INT. THE BLACK BEAR PUB - SECONDS LATER
text: Filled with life and song. A stark contrast to to the Abbey.
text: Frenchie pushes through the crowd. Sister Irene and Father
text: Burke follow. SEVERAL WOMEN -- some younger, some older, but
dialog: all beautiful -- pull at Frenchie: Sit with me, Frenchie.
dialog: Over here, Frenchie. Go fuck yourself, Frenchie...
text: Frenchie looks back at Sister Irene. Sees her eyeing them
dialog: suspiciously...
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: So this is what you meant by
dialog: helping the people of this town?
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE
dialog: What can I say, Sister -- I have
dialog: charitable nature...
text: Once again she rolls her eyes.
text: They continue on.
speaker_heading: MOMENTS LATER
text: At a table tucked away in the back of the bar. Gregoro pours
text: TWO SHOTS. Pushes one toward Father Burke.
dialog: 57.
dialog: Father Burke waves it off: I’m good.
speaker_heading: GREGORO
dialog: Priest or no priest, I don’t trust
dialog: any man who won’t drink with me.
text: Father Burke looks at the others. Like, when in Rome... ania.
text: He drinks. Gregoro immediately pours another.
dialog: Looks at him. Go on...
text: Father Burke picks it up. Shoots. Scores.
text: Gregoro nods in satisfaction.
speaker_heading: GREGORO (CONT’D)
dialog: I want to make something clear at
dialog: the start, Father. No matter what I
dialog: say -- these are not rumors. These
dialog: are not exaggerations. These
dialog: stories are true. Passed down
dialog: through my family for generations.
dialog: It has been our burden to live with
dialog: this truth. But we carry it
dialog: proudly, like soldiers -- so we may
dialog: protect those around us from doing
dialog: any harm...
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: Then in that way you are not unlike
dialog: a Priest. We also have our stories
dialog: that some would call rumors or
dialog: exaggerations. But we know the
dialog: truth and we protect it, so we can
dialog: help others... So I assure you,
dialog: Gregoro, we listen with open minds.
text: Gregoro nods. Well said.
speaker_heading: GREGORO
dialog: Mount Sinai. The Garden Tomb. The
dialog: Chapel of Ascension... These are
dialog: holy places, yes?
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: GREGORO (CONT’D)
dialog: There are unholy places as well,
dialog: Father. As with holy grounds, I do
dialog: not know the number, but if there
dialog: are five -- if there are twenty --
dialog: if there a hundred -- it makes no
dialog: matter -- that Abbey is the most
dialog: Godless of them all...
dialog: 58.
dialog: Pour. Drink. And then --
speaker_heading: GREGORO (CONT’D)
dialog: It was built by the Marquis of
dialog: Snakes in the Dark Ages. You heard
dialog: of Vlad the Impaler, yes? A man
text: consumed with stretching out the
dialog: last painful moments of life. But
dialog: when death comes, his interest was
dialog: no more. This was not so for the
dialog: Marquis. In fact that is when his
dialog: interest began....
speaker_heading: FLASHBACK:
text: THE MARQUIS, 50s. If a serpent ever took the form of Man,
text: it'd look a lot like the Marquis. Tall. Thin. Venomous.
text: He leans over a VILLAGER, 20s. Arms, legs and neck strapped
text: down tight to a wooden table with leather bindings.
dialog: We're somewhere
scene_heading: UNDERNEATH THE CASTLE
text: The Marquis holds a CEREMONIAL DAGGER against the belly of
text: the Villager. Villager squirms. As much as he’s able.
speaker_heading: GREGORO (V.O.)
dialog: He would kill -- murder -- husbands
dialog: and wives -- fathers and mothers --
dialog: sons and daughters -- brothers and
dialog: sisters -- young -- old -- it did
dialog: not matter. He did it to study
dialog: death...
text: Marquis PLUNGES the Dagger into the Belly of the Villager. We
text: PAN UP the Villager as the Marquis continues to SLICE.
text: Until we reach the Marquis. Staring into the eyes of the
text: Villager. Listening to his screams.
dialog: Soaking ‘em in.
text: Off screen, we sense he’s stopped slicing. He’s taken this
text: person to the brink of death. Just a second or two away.
text: The Villager has stopped screaming. His eyes stare past the
text: Marquis. Like it’s seeing something from beyond.
speaker_heading: MARQUIS
dialog: Tell me what you see.
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: GREGORO (0.S.)
dialog: Convinced he could not just conquer
dialog: it -- but control it. He was a
dialog: student but soon became a teacher
dialog: of the occult....
scene_heading: INT. CHAMBER - CONTINUOUS
text: The Marquis dips his pen in a Bottle of BLOOD. He begins to
text: write in exquisite script across a long parchment.
text: Behind him, MORE VILLAGERS. In various states of
text: decomposition. Some long dead. Others close to it.
speaker_heading: GREGORO (V.O.)
dialog: He wrote countless texts, filled
dialog: with spells for conjuring demons
dialog: and rituals in which to call upon
dialog: the forces of Hell. Think of our
dialog: prayers -- our selfish prayers --
dialog: heal me, save me, do me this one
dialog: favor, God. Such little requests in
dialog: the grand scheme of things, no?
scene_heading: INT. CASTLE COURTYARD - LATER
text: A FIRE BURNS. In front of it, the Marquis in ceremonial robe
text: holds up SERPENTS. They twist and slither onto him.
text: His OCCULT FOLLOWERS begin to CHANT.
speaker_heading: GREGORO (V.O.)
dialog: The Marquis had grander ambitions
dialog: and became a devout follower of
dialog: Hell and all its demons dwelling
dialog: within... And unlike some of our
dialog: prayers, Father, his were answered.
dialog: Hell used him as a tool to open a
dialog: portal so that its evil would walk
dialog: among us...
text: The FIRE brightens and --
scene_heading: INT. UNDERCROFT - CONTINUOUS
text: -- A CLOSED DOOR EXPLODES OPEN with the RED LIGHT OF HELL.
scene_heading: INT. THE BLACK BEAR PUB - CONTINUOUS
text: Back on Gregoro and the Others.
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: Did no one try and stop him?
speaker_heading: GREGORO
dialog: Many did. Many failed. It was not
dialog: easy when you go into battle
dialog: against Hell itself. But the Church
dialog: ultimately found success -- though
dialog: it was costly. Known as the secret
dialog: crusade or the serpent crusade...
speaker_heading: FLASHBACK:
scene_heading: INT. CASTLE - CONTINUOUS
text: Knights and Holy Men STORM the Castle. Occult Followers
text: scramble. But all meet their ends in bloody fashion.
speaker_heading: GREGORO (0.S.)
dialog: ...the Church stormed the castle
dialog: and killed the Marquis and his
dialog: followers...
dialog: In the
speaker_heading: GRAND PARLOR
text: The Marquis. Cornered by Two Priests. The Marquis smiles.
text: Grabs a TORCH. Swings it the Two Priests. They step back.
dialog: And then --
text: The Marquis brings the Torch to his sleeve. Sets himself on
text: fire. The flames consume him.
text: He runs toward the Priests.
text: Toward us.
dialog: Taking us back into Bright White Light of --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: DAYLIGHT.
text: Shines down over the Castle.
text: Priests walk the grounds. Sprinkling Holy Water. Swinging
text: Thuribles burning with incense. Lips move in Prayer.
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: GREGORO (V.O.)
dialog: As a defensive measure, the Church
dialog: claimed the castle as their own,
dialog: creating the Abbey to forever bless
dialog: the grounds as Holy to protect us
dialog: against any potential fall out. And
dialog: it did. For many generations. But
dialog: after the war, something changed
dialog: there...
speaker_heading: FLASHBACK:
text: One Bomb. Two Bombs. Three... An AIR RAID. We follow ‘em down
text: as they land and EXPLODE the Romanian Countryside.
text: The Castle SHAKES. Damage is done.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Somewhere dark, a DOOR FRAME buckles slightly. And the DOOR
text: cracks open. An unholy red light begins to bleed through...
scene_heading: END FLASHBACK:
scene_heading: INT. THE BLACK BEAR PUB - CONTINUOUS
text: Gregoro stares at the Others.
speaker_heading: GREGORO
dialog: The ground became fallow, the
dialog: livestock fell sick and died, and
dialog: this once peaceful and pious
dialog: village has become this...
text: He gestures around the bar. At all the revelry, the
dialog: drunkenness, the devil-may-care attitudes...
speaker_heading: GREGORO (CONT’D)
dialog: But it doesn’t stop here in this
dialog: village. Look at what is happening
dialog: to the rest of this country. Like a
dialog: disease it has spread... Religion
text: being driven out. Evil is winning
dialog: this war...
text: Burke flinches.
speaker_heading: GREGORO (CONT’D)
dialog: You feel it too, don’t you? I fear
dialog: the Nuns in that convent have
dialog: failed us. The door has been
dialog: opened.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: GREGORO (CONT’D)
dialog: And if it is, how much time do we
dialog: have left before the world goes to
dialog: Hell?
dialog: Drink.
text: And as Gregoro SLAMS the shot glass down again we --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BRASOV STREET - LATER
text: Father Burke, Sister Irene, and Frenchie exit The Black Bear
text: Pub and walk off down the empty street. Determined --
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: We’ll need the use of your wagon
text: and horses again, Frenchie.
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE
dialog: My wagon? For what -- returning to
dialog: the Abbey? You can’t be serious.
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: What else would you have us do?
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE
dialog: Return to our lives?
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: That Abbey existed for hundreds of
dialog: years without incident. Until very
dialog: recently. You heard Gregoro --
dialog: something changed. If there is a
dialog: portal and it’s been opened we need
dialog: to close it...
dialog: (pause)
dialog: We only need your wagon, Frenchie.
dialog: We don’t need you.
text: Frenchie looks over at Sister Irene. He can sense her unease,
text: her hesitation, her fear.
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE
dialog: You don’t have to go. You can stay
dialog: here. With me. Let him save the
dialog: world on his own...
text: Sister Irene stands between them. Debating. She makes a
text: choice. Moves toward Father Burke.
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Sister. Are you certain? You really
dialog: are going to go with him up there?
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: Not just with him. We go with God.
scene_heading: EXT. ROMANIAN COUNTRYSIDE - DAWN
text: Father Burke and Sister Irene sit in the Box Seat. Burke
text: holds the reigns as the Horses clopclopclop along.
text: Like it’s a funeral procession.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: On our first night here you asked
dialog: if the visions were what led me to
dialog: this life... They didn’t.
dialog: Father Burke looks at her: Tell me more.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE (CONT’D)
dialog: My visions weren’t like Our Lady of
dialog: Fatima or Our Lady of Lourdes. I
text: didn’t see an apparition of the
dialog: Blessed Virgin Mary, hear the
dialog: voices of the angels, or receive
dialog: words of prophecy. The things I
dialog: saw, Father... When I saw them --
dialog: it didn’t feel as if the Lord was
dialog: calling for me. It felt as if I was
dialog: being called by something... else.
dialog: So they didn’t lead me into this
dialog: life. They pushed me. They forced
dialog: me into it -- hoping my devotion to
dialog: the Lord would protect me from the
dialog: Unholy Evil I knew...
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: And it has so far, hasn’t it?
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: Until we came to this place. The
dialog: evil I sensed as a child. The
dialog: visions I saw -- they never had a
dialog: face. But last night... last night
dialog: I looked directly into its eyes. I
dialog: was terrified. But it was then I
dialog: also truly knew for the first time
dialog: that I was right and my father was
dialog: wrong -- I wasn’t crazy.
dialog: 64.
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: Faith protects. And the truth --
dialog: John 8:32 -- the truth will you set
dialog: you free...
dialog: ClopClopClop...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: CRACKED STONE.
text: And then BLOOD laps over it. Like the tide coming in.
text: The Blood of Sister Victoria has grown even worse. That wound
text: in the earth no doubt a fatal one. It stops right at the feet
dialog: of Father Burke and Sister Irene.
text: Both look up at
scene_heading: THE ABBEY OF ST. CARTA
text: And then at each other. Like this is going to be some kind of
text: showdown. They continue their approach.
dialog: Splish. Splish. Splish.
text: We PULL BACK and reveal the
speaker_heading: CEMETERY
dialog: And Sister Victoria’s Grave.
dialog: Dug up.
text: Like something crawled out of it.
scene_heading: INT. PARLOUR - MOMENTS LATER
text: Father Burke and Sister Irene enter. Father Burke walks over
text: to the Passageway. He is about to enter but -- wait --
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: Father Burke. Please. We know this
dialog: place was not originally built as a
dialog: convent. But the Church deemed it
dialog: Holy ground. We must respect that
dialog: or our sacrilege may empower
dialog: whatever evil may reside within.
dialog: Can't believe she’s saying this but --
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE (CONT’D)
dialog: Let me go in and find the sisters.
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: But Sister Irene --
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: I am afraid of this place, Father.
dialog: But I fear it more if we begin
text: treating it with irreverence.
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: You make a good point. But I’m
text: still going in.
text: Yeah he is. Except for what happens next. Which happens in
dialog: seconds, okay? Father Burke --
text: -- starts to move toward the door. But they both hear a
text: slight click! above them. They look up right as --
text: The Portcullis drops.
text: Sister Irene pushes Father Burke out of the way.
text: He falls back as --
speaker_heading: CLANK!
text: The Portcullis drops.
text: Inches away from the tips of his shoes.
dialog: Holy shit.
text: He looks up at Sister Irene.
text: In disbelief.
dialog: Through the portcullis --
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: I‘1l go find Sister Miranda.
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: I‘1l look for another way in.
text: Sister Irene turns to go but not before --
speaker_heading: FATHER BURKE (CONT’D)
dialog: Sister. Thank you.
text: She nods.
dialog: 66.
text: And steps into darkness.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. CONVENT - COURTYARD - CONTINUOUS
text: Sister Irene enters. Struck by a sense of foreboding. Maybe
text: because the Convent seems even more lifeless than before.
text: Ground looks cracked and churned over. Like a scabbed wound.
text: The occasional whistle of wind -- and Sister Irene’s
text: breathing -- the only sound.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: Hello?
text: Her voice so small. Her sense of dread so big. Feeling
text: exposed, Sister Irene looks for cover under one of the
text: ARCHED WALKWAYS
text: That runs along the perimeter of the Abbey. She pushes open a
text: nearby door and pokes her head into the
speaker_heading: PRIVATE CHAPEL
text: Rafters rotting. Prayer candles nearly burned out. And that
text: once-beautiful Pipe Organ. Covered under a thick layer of
text: dust. Evidence it hasn’t been used for ages.
dialog: What has happened here?
text: Sister Irene approaches the
speaker_heading: ALTAR
text: Sees that WOOD CARVED STATUE OF MARY cradling the Baby Jesus.
text: Or -- as Sister Irene draws nearer -- um --
dialog: That’s what it used to be.
text: Because it’s since been defaced. And now the Virgin Mary
text: looks just like The Nun. Or wait, is it actually The Nun?
dialog: And look at the Baby Jesus she cradles.
text: He has WINGS.
dialog: Of a fucking pigeon.
text: Ripped off one of those DOZENS OF DEAD PIGEONS that lay in
text: puddles of their own blood near the Altar.
dialog: 67.
text: Sister Irene quickly crosses herself and shuts her eyes
text: tight. Like she knows this is an image that will haunt her
dialog: for the rest of her days. However many left there may --
speaker_heading: ORGAN BLASTS.
text: Behind her.
text: One deep, loud flat chord. Like the augmented 4th. Otherwise
text: known as the ‘Devil’s Interval’. Startled, she turns.
dialog: Sees no one.
text: But the chord literally wakes the dead. And all of the birds
text: behind her FLUTTER up into darkness above the rafters.
text: Sister Irene SCREAMS.
text: Runs to the side of the Chapel.
text: Looks above her into the darkness hanging overhead. Birds
text: somewhere up there. She can hear their wings flapping.
dialog: How is that possible?
text: Her eyes once again are drawn to the altar. Over to the
text: Statue of the Not-Virgin Nun and her Winged Baby.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE (CONT’D)
dialog: Sister Miranda? Anyone?
dialog: Creeeeaaaaaak.
text: She turns.
text: Private Chapel Door begins to close.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE (CONT’D)
dialog: No! Wait!
text: She hurries.
text: And right as the door is about to clack shut --
text: She pushes it back open wide.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE (CONT’D)
dialog: Please --
text: Steps back out into the
scene_heading: COURTYARD CORRIDOR
dialog: Not a soul.
dialog: 68.
dialog: At first, anyway.
text: Because then she sees the EDGE OF A NUN’S HABIT flap at the
text: Far End of the Corridor. As if a NUN is standing just around
text: the corner. Spying on her.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE (CONT’D)
dialog: Hello? Sister Miranda?
text: The Sister slips behind the corner.
text: Disappearing.
dialog: Uh...
text: Sister Irene follows. Not sure she should -- or wants -- to
text: be doing this. Turns the same corner and sees --
text: THAT NUN hurrying toward the the far end when Sister Irene
text: blurts out again --
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE (CONT’D)
dialog: Please! Wait!
text: But the Nun doesn’t. Ducks into another Door. Sister Irene
text: chases her down and into the
speaker_heading: DINING HALL
dialog: Not at all like we last saw it.
text: Sister Irene recoils at the stench of the ROTTED MEAT
text: splattered on the tables. Stacked dirty plates. Chairs
text: overturned. And scattered on the floor, she sees those
speaker_heading: HOLY CARDS
text: Colors faded. Even the Saints themselves seem like they’ve
text: aged. And who’s that there? Sister Irene picks it up.
dialog: Sees it’s the Virgin Mary. Or used to be before it was
text: defaced with BLACK INK. Black circles around the eyes. Black
text: lines across the lips. They all resemble The Demon Nun.
text: Sister Irene picks up a few other Holy Cards scattered about.
text: Not every one -- but enough -- are defaced the same way.
text: Sister Irene lowers the last defaced card to reveal --
text: THE SHADOW OF THE DEMON NUN.
text: On the back wall.
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE (CONT’D)
dialog: No...
text: It begins to move. As it does, it rattles the POTS. Clangs
text: the PANS. Knocks over SHELVES. Plates CRASH to the floor.
text: The Shadow stops behind a DINING TABLE. Moves its arms out
text: like it’s grabbing the edge of the table and then --
text: FLINGS THE TABLE AT SISTER IRENE.
text: It flies across the Dining Hall right toward her. It just
text: misses her as Sister Irene turns and races out of the Hall.
dialog: Back into the
scene_heading: COURTYARD CORRIDOR
text: Where she seeks refuge. To gather herself.
text: Which is when she sees the EDGE OF A NUN’S HABIT flap at the
text: Far End of the Corridor. As if a NUN is standing just around
text: the corner. Spying on her.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE (CONT’D)
dialog: Hello? Sister Miranda?
text: The Sister slips behind the corner.
text: Disappearing.
dialog: Uh...
text: Sister Irene slowly walks the length of the Corridor. Not
dialog: sure she should -- or wants -- to be doing this.
text: She turns the corner into
scene_heading: ANOTHER CORRIDOR
text: Leading deeper into the Convent.
text: And at the far end, we just see THAT NUN hurrying toward the
text: the far end when Sister Irene blurts out again --
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE (CONT’D)
dialog: Please! Wait!
dialog: That Nun stops.
text: But doesn’t turn around.
text: Sister Irene stops too. Not sure what to do. Stay here?
dialog: Approach? No. Don’t approach. Please.
dialog: 70.
text: Sister Irene risks getting closer.
text: Somewhere, the wind continues to whistle.
text: So close she could reach out and touch the Nun. She doesn’t
text: though. Only begins to inch herself ever closer when --
text: That Nun darts forward again.
dialog: Right through an
scene_heading: ARCHED OPENING
text: Where Another Corridor begins. This one even darker. She
text: picks up a nearby CANDLE. Burning its wick.
text: Begins to walk down, revealing --
text: CRUCIFIXES and CROSSES. They’re everywhere. As if we’re about
text: to enter a cave and they’re the stalactites and stalagmites.
text: Sister Victoria stares into the blackness of the CORRIDOR OF
text: CRUCIFIXES. Wondering the same thing we are:
dialog: What in the hell must be down there?
dialog: Probably nothing good.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: -- A MAP of the CASTLE.
text: And we get a better sense of its massive labyrinthine layout.
dialog: Designed for defense in mind, as were most medieval castles.
text: THAT CORRIDOR THERE is probably where we just left Sister
text: Irene. And what’s ahead of her is hard to tell. That area of
text: the map is covered in ONE BIG BLOTCH of Red Ink. Or wait...
dialog: Is that blood?
dialog: By the way, we’re back in the
speaker_heading: PARLOUR
text: With Father Burke, as he turns the page of a MASSIVE BOOK
text: revealing ANOTHER IMAGE of the Castle Interior.
text: It’s the UNDERCROFT. The basement below. It’s populated with
text: drawings depicting terrifying Demonic Creatures of Hell.
dialog: Strange...
dialog: 71.
text: Concerned for Sister Irene, Father Burke looks back at the
dialog: Passageway: Where is she?
text: He turns back to the
speaker_heading: MAP
text: Finds the Parlour. Sees the Passageway. And what’s this? A
text: SECRET PASSAGE? Looks like it’s hidden by the --
scene_heading: CONFESSIONAL BOOTH.
text: Burke about to investigate further when --
text: A REFLECTION catches his eye in a nearby Mirrored Vase. It’s
text: the Abbess. Standing right behind him.
text: Father Burke turns and sees --
text: The Abbess seated in her chair. As if she was always there.
text: Watching. And waiting. How’d she -- ? Nevermind.
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: Abbess.
text: He glances back over at the Passageway.
speaker_heading: THE ABBESS
dialog: She’s fine, Father.
dialog: No. She’s not.
text: Father Burke looks back at The Abbess. Something is off. But
text: he can’t quite place it. Her voice, maybe.
speaker_heading: THE ABBESS (CONT’D)
dialog: What is the answer you seek?
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: I fear something is very wrong
dialog: here, Abbess... I don’t believe it
dialog: began with the deceased Nun.
speaker_heading: THE ABBESS
dialog: Like many places in this world, the
dialog: Abbey has a long history. Not all
dialog: good. But we repent.
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: That Nun -- I found her clutching
text: something in her hands. A key.
text: Pulls the Rosary Key out from his side pocket. Dangles it in
text: front of him. Like bait.
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: FATHER BURKE (CONT’D)
dialog: Would you happen to know what it
dialog: opens? I suspect it was important
dialog: to her...
speaker_heading: THE ABBESS
dialog: No.
text: Father Burke considers her answer. Not sure whether he
text: believes her as a sudden, unnatural draft...
text: .--blows out the candles.
text: Darkness falls.
text: Father Burke squints, adjusts his eyesight. Is the Abbess
text: still there? Can’t see. Nervous, he quickly pockets the Key.
text: Pulls out MATCHES.
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: Abbess?
text: He strikes one.
text: Lights a candle. The glow brightens revealing -- oh --
text: She's still seated there. But her head is slumped forward.
dialog: Like she fell asleep. Or, y’know, died.
text: Father Burke scans the room.
text: As if there’s been a change -- no, a charge -- in the air. A
text: vague familiar feeling to him. Eyes fall back on the Abbess.
speaker_heading: FATHER BURKE (CONT’D)
dialog: Abbess...
dialog: No answer.
dialog: Shit.
text: Father Burke lifts the candle. Holds it high, expanding its
text: glow as much as the small flame can muster.
text: He begins to slowly approach The Abbess.
speaker_heading: FATHER BURKE (CONT’D)
dialog: Abbess?
dialog: No answer.
text: And now he stands before her.
dialog: 73.
text: He reaches out and touches her shoulder. She does not stir.
dialog: And is cold to the touch. Huh.
text: His hand drops to the edge of the Parlor Veil. Is he going
text: to... Oh, he is. He gathers the edge of it in his hand.
text: Deep breath.
text: And he begins to raise the veil.
dialog: So slow.
text: Painfully so.
text: Here it comes, her face about to be revealed but --
text: The Abbess’ Hand SNATCHES his arm.
dialog: Don’t go any further.
text: Startled, Father Burke steps back. Her fingers still clutch
text: his arm as he does and -- holy shit --
text: Her arm breaks off and comes with him.
text: Father Burke drops the candle.
text: It still glows.
dialog: A miracle.
text: He grabs her arm with his other hand. Her grip strong, he
text: struggles to pry off her fingers. They look like the ends of
text: a dead tree branch. Gnarled, withered, spindly.
text: Still stepping back, he frees himself and the arm drops.
text: Shocked, he looks back up at the Abbess. Still seated in the
text: chair. One arm gone. Not that you can tell, really.
dialog: And then --
text: The Abbess leaps out of her chair.
text: Lunges at Father Burke.
text: He falls back and The Abbess leaps on top of him. He
text: struggles to fight her off as he hears her SHRIEK --
speaker_heading: THE ABBESS
dialog: Valak will have your soul!
text: Gathering every ounce of his strength, Father Burke flings
text: her aside. Into darkness.
dialog: 74.
dialog: Fuck.
dialog: Where'd she go?
text: Father Burke looks over at the Confessional.
scene_heading: INT. THE CORRIDOR OF CRUCIFIXES - CONTINUOUS
dialog: Sister Irene has not come far since we last left her. But you
dialog: can’t blame her for taking her time. For being cautious.
text: Keeps her eyes ahead of her as she inches forward.
dialog: Ever so slo--
text: A CROSS.
text: Clatters to the floor.
text: Right in front of her feet.
text: She kneels. Picks it up. Grips it like a sword. Stands and
text: continues on. Rounding a corner, revealing --
dialog: That Nun.
text: Kneeling before a CLOSED DOOR. And the door looks rather
dialog: ordinary. But given the context, I imagine it’s anything but.
text: We hear That Nun WHISPERING prayers.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: What is this place?
dialog: Creeeaaaaaaak...
text: Closed Door begins to slowly open.
dialog: From which --
text: A GUST OF WIND.
text: Catches That Nun’s Habit and whips it up and away, as if
text: whoever was wearing it is invisible. Or a ghost.
text: Habit falls.
text: And then is sucked into the STORM OF BLACKNESS beyond That
dialog: Open Door. Oh God. What’s in there?
text: Terrified, Sister Irene stumbles back. Looks away from the
text: That Door. Her expression pained. She drops the cross.
dialog: 75.
dialog: And then --
text: EVERY CRUCIFIX AND CROSS IN THE CORRIDOR FALLS.
text: And one by one they begin to slide into the doorway.
text: Sister Irene looks up.
text: Emerging out of the blackness beyond she sees --
dialog: The Nun.
text: Sister continues racing through
speaker_heading: VARIOUS ROOMS
text: And when she feels as if she’s gained some distance between
text: she and The Nun she risks a look
speaker_heading: BEHIND HER
text: And The Nun is standing right fucking there.
text: Sister Irene SCREAMS.
text: Lost, she twists this way and that way hoping to find herself
text: back to the Passageway but instead we see she’s in another
speaker_heading: LONG CORRIDOR
text: Somewhere deep inside the convent. She looks behind her. All
text: alone. Slows down to recover some energy.
text: CreakCREAKCreakCREAK...
text: Faint.
dialog: What is that?
text: Sister Irene moves to investigate as the creakCREAKcreaking
text: continues. Down the length of the corridor.
text: As she walks, she looks down and can see DROPS of BLOOD. Like
text: morbid bread crumbs. Dotting the way toward that
text: CreakCREAKCreakCREAK...
text: She stops outside a Monastic Cell. The creaks coming from
text: something on the other side of the door.
text: Sister Irene pushes it open.
dialog: Revealing --
dialog: 76.
text: A NUN.
text: Sitting in a Rocking Chair in the far corner of the Monastic
text: Cell. Her back to us. Rocking away. CreakCREAKCreakCREAK...
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE (CONT’D)
dialog: Hello?
text: CreakCREAKCreakCREAK...
text: Frightened, Sister Irene slowly approaches the Rocking Chair.
text: And as she comes around she sees who sits in it --
dialog: Sister Miranda.
text: Staring blankly into space. With eyes that bleed. On her lap
text: a CRUCIFIX. And her palms open. Also red with blood.
text: Stigmata.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE (CONT’D)
dialog: Oh dear God! Sister Miranda!
text: Sister Irene tries to shake Sister Miranda out her catatonic
text: state. But to no avail. She remains unresponsive.
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Sister Irene --
text: Scared, Sister Irene spins. Sees Sister Ruth and Several
text: Other Nuns huddled together. How long have they been there?
text: Sister Ruth goes over and shuts the door. Locks them inside.
text: Turns to Sister Irene and asks --
speaker_heading: SISTER RUTH
dialog: What did Sister Miranda tell you?
scene_heading: INT. PARLOUR - CONTINUOUS
text: Father Burke approaches the Confessional. Its carvings of
text: damned souls seem to stretch out and reach for him.
dialog: One of us... One of us... One of us...
text: His eyes dart to the shadows that surround him. The Abbess
dialog: could be cloaked in any one of those. Or maybe she’s --
text: Behind the Confessional Curtain. Because it flutters. Enough
dialog: to raise your hair and get your palms sweating.
text: Father Burke reaches out for the curtain. Grabs the edge and
text: pulls it back, revealing --
dialog: 77.
dialog: Nothing.
dialog: He steps
scene_heading: INSIDE THE CONFESSIONAL BOOTH
text: Searching for that Secret Passage into the Convent. Slides
text: his hands over a Back Panel. Nothing. But then --
text: He hears A THIN, PREPUBESCENT VOICE from behind the Lattice.
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Forgive you, Father, for you have
dialog: sinned...
text: Father Burke freezes.
dialog: No. No no no...
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: Daniel?
speaker_heading: VOICE/DANIEL (0.S.)
dialog: How long have I been dead, Father?
text: Chills him to the bone.
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: Six... seven years.
speaker_heading: DANIEL (0.S.)
dialog: Did you cast out the evil, Father?
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: I-I don’t know...
text: Father Burke leans forward. Peers through the Lattice. Is he
text: really in there? Can’t see. He quickly exits back into the
speaker_heading: PARLOUR
text: Hurries to check the Other Side of the Confessional. No sign
text: of Daniel. But he sees a crack of an opening.
dialog: The Secret Passage.
text: Father Burke about to enter but --
text: SOMETHING FLOPS DOWN ONTO HIM. He looks onto his shoulder --
text: not sure what it is yet -- and sees --
text: A SNAKE.
text: Hissing at him.
dialog: 78.
text: Father Burke yanks it off of him.
text: MORE SNAKES RAIN DOWN FROM THE RAFTERS ABOVE.
text: Father Burke reels back. Stumbling onto the floor. He looks
dialog: up and sees --
text: THE BOY.
text: With WINGS SPROUTED FROM HIS BACK.
text: Perched on the rafters like a gargoyle. He snarls with
text: demonic eyes. Forked tongue lashing out of his mouth.
text: It is VALAK, as described in the Book of Solomon. When he
text: takes on the frightening form of a winged child.
text: Burke’s blood freezes at the sight.
text: The Boy VOMITS OUT snake after snake. Continuing to drop down
text: onto the Burke. Burke scrambles to his feet as --
text: The Boy jumps down.
text: But he never hits the floor. Its wings flutter like a
text: hummingbird, keeping it hovering inches off the ground.
text: Father Burke races toward the exit.
text: The Boy in pursuit.
text: And just as the Boy is about to grab him, Father Burke
text: reaches the Entrance and SLAMS THE DOOR behind him.
dialog: BANG!
text: On the other side of door.
dialog: BANG! BANG! BANG!
dialog: And then --
dialog: Silence.
text: Father Burke on his knees recovering just beyond the ENTRANCE
text: THRESHOLD to the Parlour. It’s sealed off by the door.
text: The one way back in now closed off.
dialog: He calls out --
speaker_heading: FATHER BURKE (CONT’D)
dialog: Sister Irene!
dialog: 79.
dialog: Damnit.
dialog: He’s stuck out here.
dialog: And then --
text: On the ground in front of him in a lone shaft of sunlight,
text: his CROSSWORD PUZZLE. He looks down. 14 Across. Transference.
dialog: Over to the grid --
scene_heading: D-L-V--I--
dialog: Got it.
speaker_heading: FATHER BURKE (CONT’D)
dialog: Deliveries.
text: He immediately gets up. Runs.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: BLACK.
text: Until the Storm-Like CELLAR DOORS open -- letting in the
text: daylight -- and Father Burke descends into the
speaker_heading: ICE HOUSE
text: Stops when he reaches the bottom.
text: His eyes go over to the Access Door. And those few open
text: inches. There it is. The way in.
text: As he moves toward it --
text: A NOISE.
text: Behind him.
text: He turns and sees DIRT-STAINED FINGERS grip the edge of the
text: door. Father Burke steps back as he sees --
text: Sister Victoria begin to descend the stairs after him. Her
text: bones cracking, her brains bleeding.
text: Father Burke runs over to the
speaker_heading: ACCESS DOOR
text: Tries to slide it open.
dialog: Can't.
dialog: It’s stuck.
text: He looks back at Sister Victoria.
text: Getting closer.
dialog: 80.
text: He pulls on the door harder. C’mon, goddamnit, move...
dialog: But no.
dialog: Too stubborn.
text: Once more he looks back at Sister Victoria and --
text: SHE'S RIGHT THERE. Right on him. Raises her hands to
dialog: his fucking eyes out when --
dialog: SMACK!
text: She's hit with a SHOVEL. Sister Victoria falls away,
text: revealing behind her holding the shovel is --
dialog: Frenchie.
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE
dialog: I thought you could use some help.
scene_heading: INT. MONASTIC CELL - CONTINUOUS
dialog: scratch
text: As Sister Irene listens to Sister Ruth, occasionally her eyes
text: drift over to the back of poor Sister Miranda.
speaker_heading: SISTER RUTH
dialog: Sister Miranda broke a code by
dialog: speaking to you. Whether it was
dialog: lies or not...
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: She wanted help. I know she did.
speaker_heading: SISTER RUTH
dialog: As did Sister Victoria.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: But she killed herself.
speaker_heading: SISTER RUTH
dialog: In the interest of preservation.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: Of what?
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: SISTER RUTH
dialog: Hope. Our hope. Sister Victoria was
dialog: trying to save us but failed.
dialog: Sister Miranda was trying to do the
dialog: same thing in her own way but she
dialog: should not have depended on
dialog: outsiders...
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: Why? What’s happening? Is what they
dialog: say true? Is there really a -- a
dialog: portal -- a doorway to Hell here?
speaker_heading: SISTER RUTH
dialog: Yes. And for centuries it was
dialog: closed and this convent thrived in
dialog: its purpose as gatekeepers,
dialog: protecting Man from the demonic
dialog: forces of Hell. But we could not
dialog: protect Man from himself -- and the
dialog: last War dropped the bombs which
text: rattled this Abbey and cracked open
text: the door, letting loose the demon
dialog: that had been beating against it
dialog: for centuries.
text: Sister Ruth looks over at an Older Nun.
speaker_heading: SISTER RUTH (CONT’D)
dialog: Sister Christian? The time has
dialog: come...
text: SISTER CHRISTIAN, 50s, speaks up. As she talks, it’s hard not
text: to notice the scars on her neck. Like she survived a hanging.
speaker_heading: SISTER CHRISTIAN
dialog: I came here thirty years ago. Many
dialog: of us weren’t even aware of what
dialog: was present under the Abbey until
dialog: after the second war. That’s when
dialog: the strange things began to
dialog: happen... Some called them
dialog: sightings, others called them
text: hauntings. But many in the cloister
text: began to flee as the encounters got
dialog: worse... The Abbess stopped
dialog: recruiting and those of us that
dialog: remained made a pact to stay
dialog: because we discovered that as our
dialog: numbers dwindled, the power of the
dialog: demonic forces got stronger... It
dialog: takes many forms -- a serpent, a
text: small winged child -- but the form
dialog: the evil takes the most is --
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
text: A nun.
scene_heading: SISTER CATHERINE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: SISTER RUTH
dialog: It was the Abbess who discovered
text: the portal had been opened. She
dialog: went down to lock it but without
dialog: the proper protection and she came
dialog: back under the influence of the
dialog: demonic... She was killed but her
text: tormented soul remains.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: Protection?
speaker_heading: SISTER RUTH
text: The closer to the portal, the
dialog: stronger the influence. There is a
dialog: relic needed to guard one’s soul
dialog: against the underworld. Without it
dialog: the door cannot be approached nor
dialog: can it be closed...
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: The key. Sister Victoria was
dialog: holding it...
text: KNOCKKNOCKKNOCK!
text: On the door.
dialog: Oh God.
text: They look over at Sister Irene.
speaker_heading: SISTER RUTH
dialog: See who it is...
dialog: Her? Okay...
text: She hurries over to the Judas Window.
text: Opens it up.
text: But no one is there.
dialog: And then --
text: Father Burke appears in the window.
dialog: Jeezus...
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: Father Burke.
text: She lets him in.
text: He enters. Followed by Frenchie.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE (CONT’D)
dialog: Frenchie?
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE
dialog: Seemed like the noble thing to do.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: How did you find me?
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
text: The trail of blood.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: The key. Do you have the key?
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: Yes.
text: He pulls out the Rosary Key. Hands it to her. She turns to
dialog: Sister Ruth and --
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: Sister Ruth. Tell him about the
dialog: key...
text: But Sister Ruth just stares at her.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE (CONT’D)
dialog: Sister Ruth -- please --
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: Sister Irene...
text: Sister Irene looks over at Father Burke. Both he and Frenchie
text: are looking at her, like --
speaker_heading: FATHER BURKE (CONT’D)
dialog: Who are you talking to?
text: Sister Irene looks back at Sister Ruth and the Other Nuns.
text: But they’re gone. Desperate, she looks around the room.
dialog: Nowhere they could have gone.
text: Only Sister Miranda in the Rocking Chair remains. The rocking
text: diminished. Now she just sits.
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: FATHER BURKE (CONT’D)
dialog: Visions.
text: Sister Irene. A dawn of realization appears on her face. Once
text: again she approaches Sister Miranda. And this time she sees --
text: The Corpse of Sister Miranda. Clearly she’s been dead for
text: months. If not longer. Sister Irene GASPS.
text: Father Burke grabs a BEDSHEET.
text: Throws it over Sister Miranda in the chair.
text: He pulls Sister Irene away. As they step back, Sister Irene
text: gathers herself. Sign of the Cross. Begins a prayer but --
text: Cloaked Sister Miranda springs to life.
text: Lunges at Father Burke. STABS the Crucifix into his side,
text: tries to dig her nails into his face.
text: Father Burke HOWLS.
text: As he SLAMS Sister Miranda back down onto the cot as she
text: twists and contorts under the sheet. Pins her down.
speaker_heading: FATHER BURKE (CONT’D)
dialog: Help me hold her down!
text: Frenchie helps.
text: Demonic WAILS and MOANS through the sheet.
text: Not giving up.
text: Father Burke looks around for anything that may help. Sees a
text: CUP of WATER near the bedside. Light bulb. Prays over it:
speaker_heading: FATHER BURKE (CONT’D)
dialog: God's creature, water, I cast out
dialog: the demon from you in the name of
dialog: God the Father almighty, in the
dialog: name of Jesus Christ, His Son, our
dialog: Lord, and in the power of the Holy
dialog: Spirit. May you be a purified
text: water, empowered to drive afar all
dialog: power of the enemy, in fact, to
dialog: root out and banish the enemy
text: himself, along with his fallen
dialog: angels. We ask this through the
dialog: power of our Lord Jesus Christ, who
dialog: is coming to judge both the living
text: and the dead and the world by fire.
dialog: 85.
text: He looks to Sister Irene.
speaker_heading: FATHER BURKE (CONT’D)
dialog: Hand me the holy water.
text: Sister Miranda moves for it. Sister Miranda flails. Knocking
text: Frenchie into Sister Irene who spills the Holy Water.
dialog: Oh no...
dialog: Holy Water mixes with the blood of --
text: Father Burke. He and Frenchie wrestle Sister Miranda back
text: down. Father Burke looks over at the Door.
speaker_heading: FATHER BURKE (CONT’D)
dialog: Go out to the hallway and get ready
text: to shut the door.
text: They can barely hold Sister Miranda down any longer. Her
text: screams like a rake scraped against her throat.
text: Sister Irene goes over to the Door.
text: Grabs the handle.
text: Father Burke looks over at Frenchie.
speaker_heading: FATHER BURKE (CONT'D)
dialog: One... two...
text: They release Sister Miranda. They race toward the Door.
text: Sister Miranda close behind.
dialog: They makes it out just as --
dialog: SLAM!
text: Door closes right on her arm. Her cloaked face still
text: screeches through the Judas Window.
text: Father Burke forces her arm back behind the door and then
dialog: Sister Irene gives it another --
dialog: SLAM!
text: Closed.
text: Sister Miranda falls away from the Judas Window.
dialog: Silence.
dialog: Is she finished?
dialog: 86.
text: Sister Irene steps up to peek through the Judas Window to
dialog: make sure but --
text: A BLOODY HAND GRABS HER.
dialog: Again.
dialog: It’s Father Burke.
speaker_heading: FATHER BURKE (CONT’D)
dialog: No good will come of that.
text: He slides down onto the floor. Hand covering his wound.
text: Sounding defeated...
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
text: They're all dead. It is lost.
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: No. Not yet. The demon still needs
text: a conduit -- a human host to escape
dialog: these grounds. Sister Victoria must
dialog: have been the last nun. I suspect
dialog: that’s why she jumped from a
dialog: window. It wasn’t suicide. It was a
dialog: sacrifice so the demon couldn't
dialog: have her soul. We need to seal the
dialog: portal and contain the evil.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: FRESH STITCHES.
text: As Frenchie sews him up, through the pain --
speaker_heading: FATHER BURKE (CONT’D)
dialog: I believe I know where the portal
dialog: is...
dialog: They're in the
speaker_heading: KITCHEN
dialog: Trying not to watch too closely --
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: Yes. I do too. But we can’t go down
dialog: there unless we’re guarded against
dialog: the evil...
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: By what?
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: The key.
text: Father Burke pulls out the Key.
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: ’,..the keys of Hell and of death.’
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: But Father, before we begin, I'd
dialog: like to take my vows...
text: Frenchie stops the stitches. Looks at her. As if he might say
dialog: something. Something clever, something witty...
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: Are you certain of this?
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: My visions. I now know they are a
dialog: miracle of God and I am ready to
dialog: commit my life to Him...
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE
dialog: Now that, Sister, is a noble act.
scene_heading: INT. PRIVATE CHAPEL - MOMENTS LATER
text: In a corner somewhat untarnished by evil, Sister Irene lays
text: face down on the floor. The act of prostration. And by the
dialog: way, there is so much more to this ceremony to explore but
dialog: for now let’s just cut to the chase:
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: --May the love of God unite you and
dialog: make you a true family that united
dialog: in the name of the Lord, it may be
text: an image of Christ’s. Amen.
text: Sister Irene rises. And now we realize she’s wearing the
text: BLACK HABIT. The symbol of complete devotion to God.
scene_heading: INT. CONVENT - VARIOUS CORRIDORS - MOMENTS LATER
text: Sister Irene, Father Burke and Frenchie hurry with the key.
text: The Nun stares up at her from the courtyard.
dialog: Oh no...
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: Keep in the shadows.
dialog: 88.
dialog: The only thing they can do is maneuver as best they can in
text: the opposite direction from which the Nun approaches.
dialog: Until they reach the
scene_heading: CORRIDOR OF CROSSES
text: Father Burke grabs a candle. It battles back the blackness
dialog: but it’s not a war this light is going to win.
text: As they draw closer to the end of corridor, the candle flame
dialog: grows smaller and smaller and smaller and...
dialog: Pfffft.
dialog: Dies.
text: For a moment, they are stuck in an awful darkness that seems
dialog: to suffocate them all. Until we see --
scene_heading: AN ORANGE GLOW.
dialog: Begin to brighten.
text: Sister Irene holds up the Rosary Key. It burns with flame but
text: the fire does not scorch her as she grips it.
speaker_heading: FATHER BURKE (CONT’D)
dialog: God's light. Stay within it. It
dialog: will protect us...
text: Huddling close together, they move toward the end. But The
text: Nun appears behind them. Casting a long shadow.
dialog: They turn.
dialog: And tremble.
speaker_heading: FATHER BURKE (CONT'D)
speaker_heading: DEMON!
text: Nun looks over at Burke. Begins to walk toward him.
speaker_heading: FATHER BURKE (CONT’D)
dialog: We cast you out, every unclean
dialog: spirit, every satanic power, every
text: onslaught of the infernal
dialog: adversary, every legion, every
dialog: diabolical group and sect, in the
dialog: name and by the power of our Lord
dialog: Jesus Christ.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: FATHER BURKE (CONT’D)
dialog: We command you, begone and fly far
dialog: from the Church of God, from the
dialog: souls made by God in His Image and
dialog: redeemed by the Precious Blood of
dialog: the Divine Lamb. No longer dare,
text: cunning serpent, to deceive the
dialog: human race, to persecute God's
dialog: Church, to strike God's elect and
dialog: to sift them as wheat. For the Most
dialog: High God commands you, He to Whom
dialog: you once proudly presumed yourself
dialog: equal; He Who wills all men to --
text: Nun CHARGES at Father Burke.
speaker_heading: FATHER BURKE (CONT’D)
text: GO! STAY IN THE LIGHT! CLOSE THE
speaker_heading: PORTAL!
dialog: They do.
text: Descending a spiraling set of STAIRS. The deeper Sister Irene
text: and Frenchie go, the more she hears the distant sounds of
text: Whispering Voices: Are they calling out to them?
text: They continue down the stairs, as if they’re descending into
text: Hell itself. Which isn’t so far off from the truth.
dialog: As we saw on the map earlier, it used to be the
text: UNDERCROFT OF THE CASTLE
dialog: Technical term for what you call the cellar. But it is lined
text: with brick and has vaulted ceilings and is seemingly endless.
text: The GLOW does little to penetrate the darkness. So they can
text: only sees the following in horrifying glimpses --
text: Discarded bones. Strange runes mapped on the floor. Illegible
text: words scrawled in blood on the walls.
text: And the TORTURE DEVICES. Each one worse than the last. The
text: Brazen Bull. The Judas Seat. The Iron Maiden.
text: A Nun long ago dead on each. We recognize their faces. Sister
text: Ruth. Sister Christian. Sister Catherine. The Others.
text: Frenchie looks at a Nun crucified on an upside down cross.
dialog: Like Peter the Apostle.
text: The Dead Nun smiles at him.
dialog: Eeeeesh.
dialog: 90.
text: He reels back. And for the slightest instant, we see him step
text: out of the protective light. He recoils back for Sister Irene
text: but sense she isn’t there. He turns and --
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE
dialog: Sister...
dialog: Merde.
text: He’s come face to face with the Winged Boy. It grabs Frenchie
text: by the neck and slams him down onto the ground.
text: The Winged Boy clambers on top of him. And as Frenchie opens
text: his mouth to scream the Boy opens his mouth and --
text: -- VOMITS A SERPENT into his mouth. The snake writhes and
text: slithers down Frenchie’s throat.
text: The Boy stands up. And for a second we lose him in the
text: darkness. But a small shaft of light find him again,
text: revealing he’s no longer The Boy but...
dialog: ...The Demon Nun.
text: She steps further into the shadows.
text: Sister Irene spins.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: Frenchie? Frenchie?!
text: From the shadows -- he groans --
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE (0.S.)
dialog: Sister...
dialog: Over there.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: You need to stay in the light!
text: She runs in the direction of his suffering. The light reveals
text: him huddled on the ground. What’s he whispering?
text: Oh God... Is he... Is he singing?
speaker_heading: FRENCHIE
dialog: J’ai trouvé 1’eau si belle que je
dialog: m’y suis baigné...
text: Sister Irene holds the light over him, he continues to sing
text: as he starts to look back. Twisting his head on his neck.
text: Bones SNAP.
dialog: 91.
text: Until he’s staring up at her. With EYES OF THE DEMONIC. And
text: UPSIDE DOWN CROSSES pushing through his skin.
text: He lunges at her.
text: Sister Irene stumbles back.
text: Frenchie POUNCES on top of her. Fights for the Keylight.
text: Holding his hand over the flame, the GLOW --
dialog: Dims... and dims...
text: And the evil in the darkness encroaches. Getting closer to
dialog: her. Revealing themselves to be a cloister of --
scene_heading: DEMONIC NUNS.
text: Whispering Satanic prayers.
text: The Keylight -- that Holy Light -- almost gone as Frenchie
text: continues to pin Sister Irene to the ground.
text: Gripping it tight.
dialog: But then --
text: Father Burke SLAMS into Frenchie. Frenchie falls to the side
text: in a crumpled heap.
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: CLOSE THE DOOR!
dialog: Thwoooom!
text: Sister Irene is yanked out of frame.
text: She slides across the floor of the undercroft. Still holding
text: onto the keylight as she SCREAMS.
speaker_heading: FATHER BURKE (CONT’D)
dialog: Sister!
text: She’s gone.
dialog: But we go with her.
dialog: Staying in the light to protect us until we find --
text: Sister Irene clutching to the sides of a DOOR in the wall.
text: Barely hanging on. About to get sucked into the
speaker_heading: PORTAL
dialog: 92.
text: Beyond it glows a RED, HELLISH FIERY LIGHT. Shafting through
text: putrid smoke. Sister Irene struggles as her Habit twists and
text: tangles, flying off into the darkness behind her.
text: She continues to fight. And right as it looks like she’s
dialog: about to win -- oh no --
text: The Demon Nun appears out of the Portal.
text: Grabs her.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: No!
text: Sister Irene looks back at the Nun. She sees its skin peel
text: away, revealing a snarling BLACK, DEMON-SNAKE FACE. With a
text: mouth filled with fangs. Head with horns.
text: Sister Irene SCREAMS.
text: Father Burke sees Irene through the other Demonic Nuns.
text: Determined, he fights his way forward.
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: Sister Irene!
text: The Demon Nun looks beyond Sister Irene. Locks eyes with
text: Father Burke. A showdown of epic proportions.
speaker_heading: FATHER BURKE (CONT’D)
dialog: VALAK! I cast you out! I banish
dialog: from this place all curses, hexes,
dialog: spells, witchcraft, black magic,
dialog: demonic assignments, diabolic
dialog: infestations, oppressions,
dialog: possessions; all that is evil and
dialog: sinful! In the name of Jesus
dialog: Christ, I command you!
text: Valak SCREECHES.
text: His grip loosens on Sister Irene.
text: She pulls herself out and over to the side. Scrambling she
text: reaches back for the Door. SLAMS it shut.
text: JAMS the Rosary Key into the lock.
dialog: Turns it and --
text: Holy Light floods the room.
text: Vanquishes the evil.
dialog: 93.
text: Debris settles.
text: And from out of a settling cloud of dust, Father Burke
text: emerges. Bruised and beaten. But alive.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: Thank God.
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: Are you hurt, Sister?
text: Shakes her head.
text: She looks over at where Frenchie lay.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: Frenchie...
text: But he’s gone.
scene_heading: INT. PARLOUR - LATER
text: Father Burke and Sister Irene walk toward the exit. Light
text: streams in through the cracks. The darkness lifted at last.
scene_heading: INT. PRIVATE CHAPEL - LATER
text: Father Burke and Sister Irene sit in a pew.
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: Are you sure you won’t come?
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: No. My path has led me here. This
dialog: is where I will remain to help
dialog: rebuild the Abbey...
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: I will tell Cardinal Conroy to send
dialog: the help you need.
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: What about Frenchie? We never found
text: his body. He must be somewhere. Did
dialog: the evil escape with him?
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: Perhaps. But the greater evil was
dialog: contained. If there was a demonic
dialog: force attached to Frenchie it will
text: reveal itself.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: FATHER BURKE (CONT'D)
dialog: I am certain someone good will be
dialog: there to send it back..
speaker_heading: SISTER IRENE
dialog: How can you say that with such
dialog: certainty?
scene_heading: FATHER BURKE
dialog: Faith. Because I have faith,
dialog: Sister...
text: Sister Irene smiles.
scene_heading: EXT. ABBEY OF ST. CARTA - LATER
text: Sister Irene stands in the Doorway as she watches Father
text: Burke disappear beyond the crosses. Looks down to her hands.
text: Holding a BLACK HABIT. Miranda’s, maybe. Or Sister
text: Victoria’s. But now? It’s hers.
text: She puts on the Habit.
dialog: Wears it well.
dialog: Gives one last look to the outside world before --
dialog: SLAM!
text: She SHUTS the door on it.
speaker_heading: BLACK.
dialog: Over which,
text: A WOMAN SCREAMS.
dialog: Years Later
dialog: Warren, Massachusetts
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: The SCREAMING WOMAN.
text: Terrified, she kneels by her bed inside her
speaker_heading: MASTER BEDROOM
text: Face red. Eyes desperate.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Please, please don’t --
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: BLAM!
text: A SHOTGUN BLASTS off her arm.
text: She HOWLS.
speaker_heading: BLAM!
text: Another shot. Blasts into her skull. Splattering her brains
text: on the bedside wall. She falls. As her dead eye stare up at --
dialog: It’s Frenchie.
text: The years have not been kind to him. A hulking, sweating mess
dialog: of a man. Dare I say he looks...
dialog: Possessed.
dialog: In case you missed it in our beginning, his real name is
dialog: Maurice Thierault. And now we recognize him from The
text: Conjuring. As the Man in the Exorcism Footage.
dialog: Oh.
dialog: Shit.
text: He STOMPS out of the Master Bedroom.
text: Down the stairs and into the
speaker_heading: FAMILY ROOM
text: There’s a POUNDING on the Front Door.
text: But he ignores it.
text: As he plops down on his favorite recliner.
text: Behind the Front Door, we hear a MUFFLED VOICE. Calling out.
text: Urgent. But Frenchie ignore that too.
text: He lifts up his sweat-soaked WHITE T-SHIRT. We see UPSIDE
text: DOWN CROSSES push out of his body. His eyes begin to BLEED.
text: As Frenchie positions the shotgun under his neck.
dialog: And without hesitation --
text: He pulls the trigger.
dialog: Click.
dialog: But it doesn’t work.
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: BOOM!
text: Front Door KICKS open.
dialog: Revealing --
text: ED AND LORRAINE WARREN. With a Priest behind them. Good has
text: finally come to send the evil back.
text: They stare in horror at Frenchie sitting in the Recliner.
text: Speckled in his wife’s blood.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: My God, Maurice. What have you
dialog: done?
text: Lorraine looks over to the MIRROR across the room. And
text: instead of Frenchie’s reflection staring back at her...
dialog: .--it’s Valak.
text: Lorraine's eyes go WIDE.
dialog: Oh no...
text: Valak looks at Lorraine.
text: He SNARLS.
text: AND THE MIRROR SHATTERS TO --
speaker_heading: BLACK!
dialog: The End
dialog: 97.
dialog: 
