speaker_heading: THE LOBSTER
dialog: Written by
dialog: Yorgos Lanthimos & Efthimis Filippou
dialog: 30 April 2013
dialog: Element Pictures
dialog: Limp
dialog: Scarlet Films
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY ROAD - DAY
text: A WOMAN drives. She is on a country road, with fields on
text: either side. She reaches a deserted spot where three donkeys
text: stand on the right side of the road. The woman pulls over,
text: puts on a pair of gloves, gets out of the car, checks to see
text: if there is anyone nearby or if she is being watched, runs
text: towards the donkeys, shoots one of them many times over, runs
text: back to the car and drives away.
text: OPENING CREDITS.
scene_heading: I. THE TOWN
scene_heading: INT. TOWN HOUSE SITTING ROOM - MORNING
text: A MAN around 45 years old, DAVID, sits on a sofa. His WIFE,
text: around 40 years old, stands and leans against a bookcase.
text: David is shortsighted and wears glasses. His wife also wears
text: glasses. Next to David lies a DOG, an Alsatian. David is
text: crying. The woman is not.
speaker_heading: DAVID’S WIFE
dialog: I’m really sorry.
dialog: (Pause)
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Does he wear glasses or contact
dialog: lenses?
speaker_heading: DAVID’S WIFE
dialog: Glasses.
dialog: (Pause)
text: David doesn’t look at her. He stares at the floor. He swivels
text: a glass of grapefruit juice on the table with his hand.
text: David's wife seems sad. She looks at her watch a couple of
text: times. She hesitates, but finally talks.
speaker_heading: DAVID'S WIFE (CONT'D)
dialog: You’1l have to hurry up. They'll be
dialog: here quite soon.
text: David leaves the room. As he goes up the stairs to the
text: bedroom, his wife keeps talking to him.
speaker_heading: DAVID'S WIFE (CONT’D)
dialog: Don't worry. I'm sure you'll find
dialog: the right woman really soon. A
dialog: woman of average shortsightedness,
dialog: just like you.
scene_heading: INT. TOWN HOUSE BEDROOM - MORNING
text: David picks out clothes from the wardrobe and gets dressed.
text: His movements are slow and unhurried, as if he doesn’t want
text: these final preparations to end. He stares at his slippers
text: next to the bed. He decides not to take them with him.
speaker_heading: FEMALE V.O.
dialog: He decided that his brown leather
dialog: shoes were the best pair to wear.
text: He went down the stairs into the
text: sitting room. There he saw the
dialog: other man for the first and last
dialog: time. He was very handsome.
scene_heading: INT. TOWN HOUSE SITTING ROOM - MORNING
text: David goes down the stairs that lead to the sitting room. In
text: the sitting room sits a MAN who is not handsome. He too is
text: shortsighted and wears glasses. He eats a tuna-mayonnaise
dialog: sandwich.
speaker_heading: FEMALE V.O.
text: He was eating a tuna-mayonnaise
text: sandwich and wearing a pair of
text: black lace-up shoes. She was in the
text: kitchen. David sat in the armchair
text: and looked at his watch. His wife
text: entered the room and left a glass
dialog: of Coca-Cola Light for the man
dialog: eating the sandwich and then went
text: to the window.
scene_heading: INT. TOWN HOUSE SITTING ROOM - MORNING
text: David sits in the armchair. The two men do not look at or
text: talk to each other. The woman enters holding a glass of Coca-
text: Cola with ice and a slice of lemon. She leaves the glass in
text: front of the man eating the sandwich and then goes over to
text: David. She looks at her watch and then out the window.
text: Everyone waits in silence. They all avoid making eye contact.
text: David grabs a coffee table book from the coffee table next to
text: him. He flicks through the pages quickly, looking at the
text: pictures without any real interest. He just goes through the
text: motions. The dog sits next to him.
speaker_heading: FEMALE V.O.
dialog: David picked up a book called “The
dialog: Most Famous Lighthouses in the
text: World” and pretended to read. He
dialog: was thinking his wife didn’t love
dialog: him at all anymore. He didn’t burst
text: into tears and he didn’t stop to
dialog: think that the first thing most
dialog: people do when they realise someone
dialog: doesn’t love them anymore is cry.
text: The doorbell rings. The woman gets up and answers the door.
text: Two men dressed as WAITERS enter.
scene_heading: 50-YEAR-OLD WAITER
dialog: Good afternoon.
speaker_heading: DAVID’S WIFE
dialog: Good afternoon.
scene_heading: 50-YEAR-OLD WAITER
dialog: Which of these two gentlemen is the
dialog: one
dialog: Not
dialog: The
text: David gets up.
dialog: and leaves it
dialog: You
dialog: you
dialog: No,
text: He buttons up
dialog: Are
dialog: you're breaking up with?
speaker_heading: DAVID’S WIFE
text: the man eating the sandwich.
text: man with the brown shoes.
text: His wife goes over to him. He closes the book
text: on the table.
speaker_heading: DAVID'S WIFE (CONT'D)
dialog: can take the book with you, if
dialog: like.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: that’s okay.
text: his jacket and fixes his hair with his hands.
speaker_heading: DAVID’S WIFE
dialog: you ready? Did you pack that
dialog: pain relief cream for your back?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Yes.
dialog: You
speaker_heading: DAVID’S WIFE
dialog: ‘re healthy, you have many
dialog: interests, you have good taste.
dialog: Everything will be fine.
text: David looks at the waiters.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I’m ready.
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN ROAD - MORNING
text: The waiters lead David to a coach. The dog follows them and
dialog: gets into the
dialog: vehicle with David.
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL COACH - MORNING
text: There are another four people sitting on the coach. Two
speaker_heading: WOMEN, a BALD
text: MAN and a BLOND MAN. They all sit in different
text: parts of the coach. David takes a window seat.
text: The waiters sit together behind the WAITER-DRIVER. One of the
text: two women gets up from her seat and goes
text: sits. She looks at the dog and smiles at
text: stroke him. She looks a little afraid of
text: dog above his hind legs, as far from the
dialog: possible.
speaker_heading: BISCUIT WOMAN
dialog: over to where David
dialog: him but does not
text: him. She strokes the
dialog: animal’s mouth as
dialog: Your dog is so beautiful. What’s
dialog: his name?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Bob.
speaker_heading: BISCUIT WOMAN
dialog: Hello, Bob. I’m Anna. I love dogs
dialog: so much. I’m sure Bob senses this
dialog: and knows that we’re going to get
dialog: along famously. I’ve heard the
dialog: journey takes over an hour. I've
dialog: got butter biscuits and hazelnuts
dialog: in my bag. I can give you some if
dialog: you’re hungry. I mean, we can share
dialog: them. I can give the dog some
text: hazelnuts too, or a biscuit.
text: One of the waiters gets up from his seat
dialog: woman.
scene_heading: 30-YEAR-OLD WAITER
dialog: and goes over to the
dialog: I'm afraid you'll have to return to
dialog: your seat until we reach our
dialog: destination.
speaker_heading: BISCUIT WOMAN
dialog: I see. How long will that be,
dialog: roughly?
scene_heading: 50-YEAR-OLD WAITER
dialog: The journey lasts a little over an
dialog: hour.
text: The woman goes back to her seat. She opens her bag and eats a
text: butter biscuit. She takes a quick look around at the other
text: people in the vehicle.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL COACH - MORNING
text: David looks out the window. They have left the town and there
text: are some woods beside the road. Suddenly
text: a rock hits the
text: window. David is a little shocked. He notices that the
text: waiters do not react. David sees some people wearing ponchos
text: running alongside the coach. They are shouting but we cannot
text: hear what they are saying. More rocks strike the vehicle. The
text: driver speeds up and gets away. He is completely unfazed by
dialog: the incident.
dialog: 10
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL CARPARK - MORNING
text: The coach goes through the hotel gates and comes to a stop.
text: The gates are opened by TWO WAITER-GUARDS, who wave to the
text: driver. The waiters have automatic rifles slung across their
text: backs. The hotel is a large building surrounded by a tall
text: fence. It looks quite well-maintained and clean. The plants
text: are in excellent condition and it is immediately clear that
dialog: this is one of those large hotel complexes that can
text: accommodate a large number of guests. At the entrance, the
text: flags of various countries fly on tall poles. A number of
text: people stand and watch from the room balconies. One of them
text: waves. Biscuit Woman, filled with optimism, waves back. The
text: passengers get off the coach. The two waiters lead them to
text: the entrance in a line. Blond Man is slow and falls behind
dialog: because of his limp. We will call him LIMPING MAN from now
dialog: on.
scene_heading: II. THE HOTEL NEAR THE TOWN
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL LOBBY - DAY
text: The hotel lobby is empty. There is nobody around apart from
text: the RECEPTIONIST. On the walls are various classic-looking
text: paintings, all of which show couples in a characteristic
text: pose: the man seated in an armchair with the woman standing
text: by his side. There are also some paintings, again in a
text: classic style, of animals, such as a horse, a duck or some
text: other bird. The receptionist is a young woman with a friendly
text: face and a calm voice. Biscuit Woman and the other woman,
text: David, Limping Man and the Bald Man stand in front of the
text: reception desk.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: Welcome. Have any of you stayed in
dialog: the hotel before?
speaker_heading: BISCUIT WOMAN
dialog: I have.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: Excellent. Then you know the rules.
dialog: If you like, you can wait in the
dialog: lobby. You’1l find today’s papers,
dialog: and we can bring you tea or coffee
dialog: or a soft drink.
speaker_heading: BISCUIT WOMAN
dialog: I'd like to hear the rules again,
dialog: if you don’t mind. I mean, it’s
dialog: been ten years since I was last
dialog: here and I’ve forgotten a number of
dialog: things. Like the bit with the days
dialog: where you hunt the people in the
text: woods with a bow and arrow, the
dialog: night of the slaughter and so on.
dialog: 11
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: Some things have changed. We use
text: tranquilliser guns now instead of
text: bows and arrows and the night of
dialog: the slaughter has been done away
dialog: with. I’1l go over everything again
dialog: with you. I don’t mind at all.
speaker_heading: BISCUIT WOMAN
dialog: Does Toby still work here?
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: Who's Toby?
speaker_heading: BISCUIT WOMAN
text: Toby. The outdoor bar waiter.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: I don’t know. You’1l have to ask
dialog: one of the outdoor bar staff. I'd
dialog: like you all to form a line. I
dialog: suggest the gentlemen allow the
dialog: ladies to go first, although this
dialog: isn’t compulsory. You can sort this
dialog: out amongst yourselves.
text: The gentlemen allow the ladies to go first.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL LOBBY - MORNING
text: David is the last to be served. He keeps hold
text: with one hand and rests his other hand on the
text: The dog seems anxious, and barks. David tries
text: but doesn’t succeed. The dog barks throughout
dialog: that follows.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: Well, sir, you said you’ve never
dialog: been on your own before, correct?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: No, never.
text: The receptionist fills in a form.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: Are you allergic to any foods?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: Your last relationship lasted how
dialog: many years?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Around twelve.
dialog: of the Alsatian
text: reception desk.
dialog: to calm it down
dialog: the exchange
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: Do you remember how long exactly?
text: David tries to calm and quieten the dog but fails.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Eleven years and one month.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: Any children?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: And the dog?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: My brother. He was here a couple of
dialog: years ago but he didn't make it.
dialog: You might remember him. Medium
text: build, 48 years old, bald patch,
dialog: blond.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: I'm afraid not, sir. Okay, now I'd
dialog: like you to write your name clearly
dialog: on this form.
text: She hands him the form to fill in.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST (CONT’D)
text: In capital letters.
text: We see the golf course and squash courts, empty. On a
text: basketball court we see a MAN and a WOMAN playing one on one.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: You're not allowed to use the
dialog: basketball or volleyball courts,
dialog: these are only for the couples. You
dialog: can use the facilities for
dialog: individual sports, such as squash
dialog: and golf.
text: At the hotel bar, the BARMAN mixes a cocktail. Someone is
dialog: drinking alone.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: You can stay in the hotel for up to
dialog: 45 days. You'll be staying in a
dialog: single room. If everything goes
dialog: well and you make it, you'll be
text: moved to a double room. Every
dialog: Saturday there's a dance in the
dialog: main hall. You're in luck, because
dialog: tomorrow's Saturday. Here’s a
text: leaflet with the hotel rules.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 12
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: I'd like you to read it carefully
dialog: and if you have any questions,
dialog: don't hesitate to ask me for help.
text: In the hotel kitchen, WAITERS wash the dishes. They then lay
text: out a buffet. One of the waiters has dirtied his shirt.
text: Another sprays his shirt with stain-removal fluid, waits for
text: it to dry and then wipes at the stain with a cloth.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: You're in Room 101. You should
dialog: always keep the dog there. You’re
dialog: excused from today’s programme, so
dialog: you can spend the rest of the day
dialog: however you like.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL RECEPTION ROOM - DAY
text: A large room, most of which is empty. In one corner of the
text: room are four desks arranged in a row with some chairs. David
text: gets undressed. He leaves his clothes with a WAITER and a
text: MAID, who store them in a box. Sitting on chairs in just
text: their underwear are the rest of the people who arrived with
text: David on the coach.
speaker_heading: MAID
dialog: Shoe size?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: 44 and a half.
speaker_heading: MAID
text: 44 or 45. There are no half sizes.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: 45.
text: They give him a pair of black shoes, a pair of brown shoes
text: and a pair of flip flops.
speaker_heading: MAID
dialog: Please pick a CD for the sound
dialog: system in your room.
text: There are four CDs to choose from, their titles handwritten
scene_heading: on their cases: BEST EVER LOVE SONGS VOL. I, BEST EVER LOVE
scene_heading: SONGS VOL. II, BEST EVER LOVE SONGS VOL. III, and BEST EVER
scene_heading: LOVE SONGS VOL. IV. David pauses to think.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Volume three, please.
dialog: 13
speaker_heading: MAID
dialog: If you need a haircut, call
text: reception one day ahead. Smoking is
dialog: not allowed. That way you’ll be
dialog: able to run for longer during the
dialog: hunt without getting tired and your
dialog: breath won't smell when you kiss.
dialog: Enjoy your stay.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: BISCUIT WOMAN
dialog: Excuse me, if we need a haircut we
dialog: must call reception for an
dialog: appointment the day before?
speaker_heading: MAID
dialog: That’s right.
speaker_heading: BISCUIT WOMAN
dialog: Great.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM 101 - MORNING
text: The room is typical of a nice hotel. It has a single bed, a
text: single chair beside a small table and a teacup upturned on
text: its saucer on the table. The floor is carpeted.
speaker_heading: FEMALE V.O.
dialog: His room number was 101. A
text: tranquilliser gun was hanging on
text: the wall above his bed. On the
dialog: bedside table were 20 tranquilliser
dialog: darts.
text: We watch David enter the room in just his underwear. He holds
text: the dog by its leash. David looks around the room: a single
text: bed and a wardrobe beside it. Hanging on the wall above the
text: bed is a tranquilliser gun. There are tranquilliser darts on
text: the bedside table. David takes the leash off the dog and
text: looks around.
speaker_heading: FEMALE V.O. (CONT'D)
dialog: Inside the wardrobe were four
text: identical khaki chino trousers,
text: four identical claret polo shirts,
text: a belt, socks, underwear, a blazer,
text: four sky-blue shirts, a striped
text: tie, a black plastic watch, a pair
text: of sunglasses, a white bathrobe and
dialog: Acqua di Parma cologne for men. He
dialog: thought they most probably give the
dialog: women the same cologne but for
dialog: women. Maybe the man with the bad
dialog: leg could become his friend.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 14
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: FEMALE V.O. (CONT'D)
dialog: But not if he was courting the same
dialog: woman he was. Then they’d surely
dialog: fight, he thought. He’d never reach
dialog: the point where he’d kill him but
dialog: they'd fight, that’s for sure.
text: David opens the wardrobe. Inside the wardrobe are four
text: identical khaki chino trousers, four identical polo shirts, a
text: belt, socks, underwear, a blazer, four sky-blue shirts, a
text: striped tie, a black plastic watch, a pair of sunglasses, a
text: white bathrobe and Acqua di Parma cologne for men. David sits
text: down on the edge of the bed. He reads the leaflet. The dog
text: looks out the window.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM 101 - MORNING
text: David looks out the window. The coach pulls up outside the
text: hotel entrance. Men and women, residents of the hotel, climb
text: out of the coach carrying unconscious people. They dump the
text: limp bodies next to a WAITER, who counts them, and the Maid
text: takes notes in a folder. The phone rings. David answers it.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: BISCUIT WOMAN (0.S.)
dialog: Good afternoon.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Good afternoon.
speaker_heading: BISCUIT WOMAN (0.S.)
dialog: I’m calling from Room 180. I’m 45
dialog: years old but I look 40 because I
dialog: follow a healthy diet and I’ve
dialog: worked out ever since I was young.
dialog: How about you?
text: David answers, but hasn’t yet figured out who he’s talking
dialog: to.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I’m 45 years old too.
speaker_heading: BISCUIT WOMAN (0.S.)
dialog: How was your day?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Fine.
text: The dog barks.
speaker_heading: BISCUIT WOMAN (0.S.)
dialog: You have a dog?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Yes.
dialog: 15
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: BISCUIT WOMAN (0.S.)
dialog: I love dogs very much and they take
dialog: to me right away. I think we're
dialog: going to get along famously. Do you
dialog: like butter biscuits?
dialog: Now he gets it.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: BISCUIT WOMAN (0.S.)
dialog: I don’t just like them, I like them
dialog: a lot. Let’s have tea or coffee
dialog: sometime with biscuits. You sound
dialog: like a very interesting person.
dialog: Feel free to call me whenever you
dialog: like, morning or night, until 10
dialog: o'clock. If I don’t answer, try
dialog: again. I take these pills for my
dialog: thyroid gland, they told me they
dialog: might make me drowsy. My room
dialog: number is 180, so my phone number
dialog: is 180. I have to go now because
dialog: I’m feeling sleepy. We'll talk
dialog: later. Goodbye.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Goodbye.
text: He hangs up and stands there staring at the phone for a
dialog: minute.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM 101 - EVENING
text: David sleeps in his clothes on the bed. The dog sleeps on the
text: floor. There is a knock at the door. David wakes up, fixes
text: his hair a little and answers the door. The HOTEL MANAGER and
text: her HUSBAND enter. The Waiter and the Maid who were handing
text: out shoes to the new guests follow them in. The Hotel Manager
text: is a woman of around 55. She is dressed formally and her hair
text: is carefully styled. Almost like a sculpture.
speaker_heading: HOTEL MANAGER
dialog: Welcome. I am the Hotel Manager and
dialog: this gentleman is my partner.
dialog: You’re one of the lucky ones
dialog: because your room is one of our
dialog: superior rooms. That means it has a
dialog: view.
text: The Hotel Manager sits on the only chair and her partner
text: stands beside her. They resemble the paintings on the lobby
text: wall, only in reverse.
speaker_heading: HOTEL MANAGER (CONT’D)
dialog: Did you read the leaflet?
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I did, yes.
speaker_heading: HOTEL MANAGER
dialog: Very good. The fact that you'll
dialog: turn into an animal if you don't
text: manage to fall in love with another
dialog: person during your stay here is not
dialog: something that should upset you, or
dialog: get you down. Just think, as an
dialog: animal you'll have a second chance
dialog: to find a companion. But even then
dialog: you must be very careful. You'll
dialog: need to find a companion who is the
dialog: same type of animal as you are. A
dialog: wolf and a penguin could never live
dialog: together, nor could a camel with a
dialog: hippopotamus. That would be absurd.
dialog: Think about it. But there are
dialog: certain combinations in particular
dialog: that are worst of all - for example
text: a bear with a fish, or a lion with
text: an antelope, or a fox with a
dialog: chicken. I realise that this
dialog: discussion is a little unpleasant
dialog: for you but I have a duty to
dialog: prepare you psychologically for
dialog: every possible outcome. Have you
dialog: decided what animal you would like
dialog: to be if you end up alone?
speaker_heading: DAVID
text: A lobster.
speaker_heading: HOTEL MANAGER
dialog: Why a lobster?
text: David seems to have thought this through rather well.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Because a lobster lives to be over
dialog: 100 years old, has blue blood just
text: like an aristocrat and stays
dialog: fertile all its life. And I like
dialog: the sea very much. I water-ski and
dialog: swim quite well, ever since I was a
dialog: teenager.
speaker_heading: HOTEL MANAGER
dialog: I must congratulate you. Usually
dialog: the first thing people think of is
dialog: a dog and that’s why the world is
dialog: full of dogs. Very few choose to
dialog: become unusual animals, which is
dialog: why they are endangered.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 16
dialog: 17
dialog: 18
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: HOTEL MANAGER (CONT'D)
dialog: Rarely does someone choose to be a
dialog: tuna fish, due to the dangers it
text: faces, or a polar bear, due to its
dialog: adverse living conditions. A
dialog: lobster is an excellent choice. One
dialog: more thing, before we leave.
text: The Hotel Manager signals to the Waiter and the Maid. They
text: take David's arm, twist it behind his back and bring out a
text: special leather accessory consisting of a belt and a bracelet
text: linked together. They fasten the belt around his waist and
text: the bracelet around his wrist, so that his hand is held tight
text: behind his back and he cannot move his arm. The belt buckle
text: in front is then locked with a small key, so that he cannot
dialog: take it off.
speaker_heading: HOTEL MANAGER (CONT’D)
dialog: This is so you see how easy life is
dialog: when there are two of something
dialog: instead of just one. We forget this
text: from time to time. The handcuff
dialog: will be removed at the same time
dialog: tomorrow. But that’s enough for
dialog: today. I imagine it was a trying
dialog: day. Good evening and enjoy your
dialog: stay.
text: They leave and close the door behind them. David looks down
text: at the belt and bracelet.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM 101 - NIGHT
text: David has placed his toothbrush on the bathroom sink and
text: tries to squeeze toothpaste onto it. He then tries to screw
text: the plastic cap back onto the toothpaste tube, and fails over
text: and over again. He finally brushes his teeth.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM 101 - NIGHT
text: David stands beside his bed. He tries to pull off his
text: trousers with the belt still on in order to free his hand. He
text: struggles. He lies down, sucks in his belly and pushes his
text: trousers down. After much effort, he manages to free one leg.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM 101 - MORNING
text: David sleeps in his underwear. He has managed to take his
text: trousers off, which are still attached to his wrist by the
text: bracelet. He is woken up by the music of a very well-known
text: love song, “A Groovy Kind of Love” by Phil Collins. He looks
text: at his watch. David gets up and sits on the side of the bed.
text: He fixes his hair with both hands, lifting up the trousers on
text: his wrist as he does so. He puts some water in a plate for
dialog: the dog.
dialog: 19
dialog: 14.
scene_heading: INT. BREAKFAST ROOM - MORNING
text: David enters the breakfast room wearing his trousers as
text: normal. The breakfast room is very tidy and clean. David
text: walks quickly, trying to find an empty table to sit at.
text: Everybody looks at him as he walks by. He looks straight
text: ahead the whole time. All the men wear the same clothes. All
text: the women do too. They all sit alone. There is only one chair
text: at each table in the room. He sees Limping Man, who was with
text: him on the coach. He too has his arm tied behind his back.
text: All the new arrivals wear this same accessory.
speaker_heading: FEMALE V.O.
dialog: His first day was one he would
dialog: never forget so long as he lived.
text: Beside the window opposite his
text: table at breakfast sat a young
text: woman with her head tilted back.
dialog: Later he would learn that she often
text: got nosebleeds. Next to her sat her
text: best friend. Near the door, the
text: woman who was with him on the coach
text: offered a biscuit to a man drinking
dialog: a Campari and soda for breakfast.
text: He then looked behind him and saw a
dialog: man and a woman he would meet in
dialog: due course, and some others he
dialog: would never meet during his stay at
dialog: the hotel.
text: We see NOSEBLEED WOMAN, her BEST FRIEND who stares at her,
text: Biscuit Woman (with one hand tied behind her back), CAMPARI
scene_heading: MAN, LISPING MAN and HEARTLESS WOMAN, characters we will get
text: to know later. Lisping Man is around 50 years old and
text: Heartless Woman is around 35 and very beautiful. David
text: spreads butter and marmalade on a slice of bread with one
text: hand and eats. Limping Man and Lisping Man come up to his
dialog: table.
speaker_heading: LIMPING MAN
dialog: I've decided to go for a walk
dialog: outside with my new friend. Let me
dialog: introduce you. This is Robert, he
text: stays in the room next to mine and
text: has a lisp.
text: David puts down his cup of coffee and offers his hand to
text: Lisping Man. They shake hands.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Pleased to meet you. I’m staying in
dialog: Room 101.
speaker_heading: LIMPING MAN
dialog: Would you like to join us?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Why not.
dialog: 20
dialog: 21
dialog: 15.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - MORNING
text: Limping Man, David and Lisping Man sit on the beach. Three
text: yachts are moored at the pier in front of them. The pier is
text: guarded by TWO ARMED WAITERS.
speaker_heading: LISPING MAN
dialog: She's much older than he is, you
dialog: know that right?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: LIMPING MAN
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: LISPING MAN
dialog: When Melanie was with Don, I could
dialog: understand what brought them
dialog: together clearly. He was more her
dialog: age and their hair colour really
dialog: matched as they were both
text: strawberry blond. But now with
dialog: Antonio it’s really strange, it
dialog: doesn’t really make sense. I mean,
dialog: he’s much darker than she is and,
dialog: as you know, much younger.
speaker_heading: LIMPING MAN
dialog: Maybe there’s something we don’t
dialog: know. I’ve heard he has his own
dialog: business, he sells this aftershave,
dialog: you know, named after himself.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Maybe she has an aftershave or a
text: cologne named after her too.
speaker_heading: LISPING MAN
dialog: Maybe. I don’t know. What I do know
dialog: is that these two are a shining
dialog: example to us all. Whenever I feel
dialog: down, I think of these two and tell
dialog: myself that I’m going to make it,
dialog: that everything’s going to be
dialog: alright. I keep hold of this
dialog: thought and I know that my days at
dialog: this place are numbered. One of
dialog: these days it’s going to be me on
dialog: one of those three yachts.
scene_heading: INT. LECTURE HALL - MIDDAY
text: The new arrivals at the hotel sit on four chairs on stage.
text: David sits last in line. There is a wireless microphone which
text: they each take to speak. Behind the podium stands the Hotel
text: Manager. Her husband stands beside, and a little behind her.
dialog: 22
dialog: 16.
text: All the residents attending the event are sitting very
text: quietly. The hall is half empty. Waiters and Maids stand
text: randomly around the room, in pairs.
speaker_heading: HOTEL MANAGER
dialog: Room 206, Day 2.
speaker_heading: LIMPING MAN
dialog: Hello, everyone.
speaker_heading: LIMPING MAN (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: My mother was left on her own when
dialog: my father fell in love with a woman
dialog: who was better at maths than she
dialog: was. She had a postgraduate degree
dialog: I think, whereas my mother was only
dialog: a graduate.
scene_heading: EXT. ZOO - DAY
text: We see Limping Man walking normally, without a limp, in a zoo
text: and holding a carrier bag. He passes various caged animals
text: and reaches the wolf enclosure. He takes pieces of raw meat
text: out of the bag and throws them into the enclosure at various
text: places. The wolves draw close.
speaker_heading: LIMPING MAN (V.O.)
dialog: I was sixteen at the time. My
dialog: mother entered the hotel but didn't
dialog: make it and was turned into a wolf.
dialog: I really missed her. I found out
dialog: she'd been moved to a zoo. I often
dialog: went there to see her. I'd give her
dialog: raw meat, I knew wolves liked raw
dialog: meat but I couldn't figure out
dialog: which of the wolves was my mother,
dialog: so I used to give a little bit to
text: each of them.
text: Limping Man climbs up the enclosure fence. The wolves come
text: over to where the man is. Only two wolves stand motionless
text: and watch from a corner of the enclosure.
speaker_heading: LIMPING MAN (V.O.)
dialog: One day I decided to enter the
dialog: enclosure. I really missed her and
dialog: I wanted a hug. I climbed the fence
dialog: and jumped in. All the wolves
dialog: charged at once and attacked me.
text: All but two, who stood motionless.
dialog: My guess is that one of those two
dialog: must have been my mother. The zoo
dialog: guards got to me quite quickly and
dialog: took me to the hospital. Thankfully
dialog: I didn't lose my leg, I just have
dialog: this limp, which is also my
dialog: defining characteristic.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 23
dialog: 24
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: LIMPING MAN (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: My wife died six days ago. She was
dialog: very beautiful and I loved her very
text: much. She had a limp too.
text: We see a zoo guard hosing down the blood in the wolf
dialog: enclosure
text: . A tiger sleeps in the next cage.
scene_heading: INT. LECTURE HALL —- MIDDAY
text: The audience applauds. Some stand. The waiters also clap. The
text: Hotel Manager waits for the applause to peter out.
dialog: The guest
speaker_heading: HOTEL MANAGER
dialog: Reference letters. 1 - “He is very
dialog: sensitive and a very good friend. I
dialog: lent him money in 1989 and he paid
dialog: me back before the repayment date.”
dialog: 2 - “John is wonderful. He loves
dialog: kids and is a first-class
dialog: conversationalist.” Let’s move on
dialog: to our next guest. Room 104, Day 2.
scene_heading: GUEST FROM ROOM 104
dialog: Hello, everyone. This is only my
dialog: second day here but already I feel
dialog: like a member of a wonderful group.
dialog: My defining characteristic is that
dialog: I have a very beautiful face.
text: from Room 104 does not have a very beautiful face.
scene_heading: INT. BALLROOM - EVENING
text: A big room, cheerfully decorated. Instrumental music plays.
text: Some strobe lights hang from the ceiling and there are two
text: tables laden with sandwiches and refreshments. Couples dance.
dialog: Two women
dialog: Friend. A
dialog: Heartless
dialog: goes over
text: sit at a table: Nosebleed Woman and her Best
text: woman sits on her own at the next table. She is the
text: Woman we saw at breakfast. Biscuit Woman enters and
text: to her table.
speaker_heading: BISCUIT WOMAN
dialog: May I join you?
speaker_heading: HEARTLESS WOMAN
dialog: No, you may not. And don’t you dare
dialog: come near my table again.
speaker_heading: BISCUIT WOMAN
dialog: I’m sorry.
text: Biscuit Woman goes to the table where Nosebleed Woman and her
dialog: Best Friend sit.
speaker_heading: BISCUIT WOMAN (CONT’D)
dialog: Can I sit with you?
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: NOSEBLEED WOMAN
dialog: Of course. You are third in line.
dialog: I'm first, then it’s my best
dialog: friend, then you.
speaker_heading: BISCUIT WOMAN
dialog: Thank you very much.
speaker_heading: NOSEBLEED WOMAN
dialog: She has no feelings whatsoever.
dialog: Feels nothing at all. Just be
dialog: careful around her, keep your
dialog: distance. Understood?
speaker_heading: BISCUIT WOMAN
dialog: Okay.
scene_heading: NOSEBLEED WOMAN’S BEST FRIEND
dialog: She’s the best hunter in the hotel.
dialog: Silent and very fast. She’s the
dialog: women’s record holder. 192
dialog: captives.
speaker_heading: BISCUIT WOMAN
dialog: Who’s the men’s record holder?
speaker_heading: NOSEBLEED WOMAN
text: An assistant university professor.
text: He’s not at the hotel any more. He
dialog: left in 2009 after a year here. 282
dialog: captives.
text: David approaches their table.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Who's first?
speaker_heading: NOSEBLEED WOMAN
dialog: I am.
text: They go to dance. Romantic instrumental music plays. There
text: are around ten couples on the dance floor. Limping Man dances
text: with a woman next to them and Lisping Man dances towards the
text: back. Next to them, the Hotel Manager dances with her
text: partner. She smiles at him. He smiles back at her, trying to
text: be polite. Nosebleed Woman’s nose starts to bleed, staining
text: David's shirt.
speaker_heading: NOSEBLEED WOMAN (CONT’D)
dialog: I’m sorry, I’ve got blood on you.
dialog: But don’t worry. There are many
dialog: ways to remove blood stains from
dialog: clothes quite easily. One is to
dialog: wash the item in cold water and
dialog: then rub it with sea salt. Another
dialog: is to scrub the stains with cotton
text: wool dipped in ammonia.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 25
dialog: 26
dialog: 27
dialog: 28
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: NOSEBLEED WOMAN (CONT’D)
dialog: The third way is to use water and
dialog: flour mixed into a paste, like
dialog: toothpaste, especially if the
dialog: clothes are delicate or brightly
dialog: coloured. But never use hot water
dialog: on blood. Ever.
text: David doesn’t seem to mind much. An alarm goes off. They all
text: run from the ballroom.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM 101 - EVENING
text: David quickly enters his room. He takes the tranquilliser gun
text: off the wall and loads it. He leaves the room. The dog looks
text: at him but doesn’t react.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL COACH - EVENING
text: David gets into the coach with the others and sits next to
text: Limping Man, who seems very nervous.
speaker_heading: LIMPING MAN
dialog: I wish I didn’t have this limp. I
dialog: used to be very good at running but
dialog: not anymore. I’m sure I‘1l be
text: slower than them.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: If I were you, I’d think of some
dialog: tricks that use the element of
text: surprise instead of speed.
speaker_heading: LIMPING MAN
dialog: You're right. That’s what I’1l do.
text: A glimmer of hope lights his face.
scene_heading: EXT. THE WOODS - EVENING
text: We see male and female residents of the hotel get off the
text: coach armed with their tranquilliser guns. They run off,
text: holding powerful torches, in different directions to hunt
text: LONERS who live in the woods. Some seem really excited.
text: Others look bored. The waiters get off the coach and stand in
text: front of the vehicle. The driver switches off the coach
text: headlights.
scene_heading: EXT. THE WOODS - EVENING
text: Limping Man struggles to run. He tries to climb some rocks
dialog: but doesn’t manage it.
dialog: 29
dialog: 30
dialog: 31
dialog: 32
dialog: 20.
scene_heading: EXT. THE WOODS - EVENING
text: Heartless Woman spots a YOUNG LONER WOMAN picking and eating
text: nuts off a tree. The Young Loner Woman notices her and starts
text: to run. Heartless Woman chases after her. After a hard chase
text: she catches her and beats her into unconsciousness, then gets
text: up and shoots her with the tranquilliser gun as well.
scene_heading: EXT. THE WOODS - EVENING
text: TWO HOTEL GUESTS stand over the UNCONSCIOUS BODY of a loner.
text: They both start to drag the body away in different
text: directions. They then stop and hit each other.
scene_heading: EXT. THE WOODS - EVENING
text: David spots a LONER MAN in the distance trying to hide. He
text: takes aim with his gun, shoots and misses. The Loner Man
text: notices him and starts to run. David starts shooting over and
text: over again. He misses and runs after him. After a while David
text: stops, out of breath. He realises he’s also out of
text: tranquilliser darts. He sits on a rock. He looks at his
dialog: watch.
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL ENTRANCE - EVENING
text: The hotel guests are lined up in front of the coach. Some of
text: them have unconscious bodies of loners beside them. The Maid
text: holding a folder goes to each hotel guest in turn and
text: announces to them how many extra days’ stay at the hotel they
dialog: have earned based on the number of loners they have captured.
text: She first shines a light in their faces and then on the
text: bodies beside each guest. She comes first to Lisping Man.
speaker_heading: MAID
text: Room 186, one loner, one extra day.
dialog: 38 days’ stay left, plus one, 39.
text: She then goes to Heartless Woman.
speaker_heading: MAID (CONT'D)
dialog: Room 290, four loners, four extra
dialog: days. 154 days’ stay left, plus
dialog: four, 158.
text: Next is Limping Man.
speaker_heading: MAID (CONT'D)
dialog: Room 206. The days of your stay
dialog: remain unchanged.
text: She then goes to David. He has taken no prisoners.
dialog: 33
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: MAID (CONT'D)
dialog: Room 101. The days of your stay
dialog: remain unchanged.
text: The Maid moves on.
speaker_heading: MAID (CONT'D)
dialog: Room 302?
text: One of the waiters who escorted the hotel guests to the hunt
text: answers her.
speaker_heading: WARDEN WAITER
dialog: He never returned. Either he was
dialog: lost in the woods, was captured or...
dialog: he escaped.
speaker_heading: MAID
dialog: If he doesn’t show up by noon
dialog: tomorrow, arrange for Room 302 to
dialog: be cleaned and prepared.
speaker_heading: WARDEN WAITER
dialog: Alright.
scene_heading: EXT. BREAKFAST ROOM - MORNING
text: David sits alone at a table. He drinks milk. Behind him the
text: Hotel Manager, a waiter and the Maid are speaking with
text: Lisping Man. We cannot see him. We can only hear him.
speaker_heading: HOTEL MANAGER
dialog: Are you the man in Room 186?
speaker_heading: LISPING MAN
dialog: I am, yes.
speaker_heading: HOTEL MANAGER
dialog: I imagine you know that
dialog: masturbation is not permitted in
dialog: the rooms or in any other area of
dialog: the hotel.
speaker_heading: LISPING MAN
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: HOTEL MANAGER
dialog: And yet it has been brought to my
dialog: attention that you continue to do
dialog: it. [To the Maid] Had he ejaculated
dialog: when you found him?
speaker_heading: MAID
dialog: We don’t know. There was water
dialog: everywhere in the bathroom because
dialog: he’d just had a shower, so we
dialog: couldn’t tell.
dialog: 34
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: HOTEL MANAGER
dialog: Were you looking at a photograph
dialog: while you were masturbating?
speaker_heading: LISPING MAN
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: HOTEL MANAGER
dialog: What did the photograph show?
speaker_heading: LISPING MAN
text: A naked woman on a horse in the
dialog: country.
speaker_heading: HOTEL MANAGER
dialog: Do you have it with you?
speaker_heading: LISPING MAN
dialog: No. It’s in my room.
speaker_heading: HOTEL MANAGER
dialog: If I were in your shoes I wouldn’t
text: be ogling the naked woman but the
dialog: horse. I’m sure that horse used to
dialog: be a weak and cowardly man, just
dialog: like you.
text: Lisping Man does not reply. We then hear screams.
speaker_heading: LISPING MAN
dialog: I’m sorry. I’m sorry.
text: David pours some more milk from the bottle into his glass.
text: His eyes don’t move. He doesn’t glance back. He looks down at
text: his hand. He stares at it, trying to see if it’s trembling.
text: He looks up and then back down at his hand again.
scene_heading: INT. LECTURE HALL - EVENING
text: The Maid and the 50-Year-Old Waiter stand in the middle of
text: the stage. The hotel guests sit and watch. The Hotel Manager
text: talks to the audience with a microphone. Besides her stands
text: her partner, as usual.
speaker_heading: HOTEL MANAGER
dialog: Good evening, everyone. With the
dialog: help of this reenactment, we’d like
dialog: to show you what it’s like when
dialog: someone lives on their own and what
dialog: it’s like when they live with
text: someone else.
text: One. Man eats alone.
text: The 50-Year-Old Waiter opens a folding table on stage and
text: places a plate on it. He pretends to eat and then suddenly
text: chokes, falls off his chair and pretends to die.
dialog: 35
dialog: 23.
text: He then gets up and sits back down on his chair. This time
text: the Maid sits opposite him.
speaker_heading: HOTEL MANAGER (CONT’D)
text: Two. Man eats with woman.
text: The 50-Year-Old Waiter again pretends to eat and choke but
text: this time the Maid gets up, performs the Heimlich manoeuver
text: on him and he recovers. They then hug.
speaker_heading: HOTEL MANAGER (CONT’D)
text: Three. Woman walks alone.
text: The Maid walks across the stage. A WAITER-EXTRA stands in the
text: middle of the stage, blocks her path, pulls down his trousers
text: and pretends to rape her.
speaker_heading: HOTEL MANAGER (CONT’D)
text: Four. Woman walks with man.
text: The 50-Year-Old Waiter and the Maid walk together across the
text: stage and pass in front of the rapist waiter. Nothing
text: happens. The audience applauds.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM 101 - MIDDAY
text: David throws a ball for his dog to fetch. The dog looks very
text: happy. David doesn’t praise the dog when it brings the ball
text: back. The phone rings.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Hello? Yes, send them up. Thank
dialog: you.
text: David goes to the bathroom and looks at himself in the
text: mirror. He washes his face and brushes his teeth in a rush.
text: Someone knocks on the door. David opens the door. An ELDERLY
text: COUPLE stand outside. They are his parents. He is hugged
text: first by his father, then by his mother. His mother then hugs
dialog: the dog.
speaker_heading: DAVID’S MOTHER
dialog: Easy now, darling. Look at how he
text: wags his tail when he looks at his
dialog: father. Where’s your father? Go to
dialog: your father.
text: The dog doesn’t move. His father goes to him and strokes him.
speaker_heading: DAVID’S MOTHER (CONT'D)
text: Look at him. He’s wagging his tail.
dialog: That’s what dogs do when they’re
dialog: happy.
text: They sit on the edge of the bed.
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: DAVID’S FATHER
dialog: This is a very nice room.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: It’s one of their superior rooms.
dialog: It has a very nice view. Go to the
text: window and take a look.
speaker_heading: DAVID’S FATHER
dialog: It's really a very nice view.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Mother, go and take a look too.
speaker_heading: DAVID’S MOTHER
dialog: Really very nice.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Would you like something to drink?
dialog: I can call room service and order
dialog: anything you like.
speaker_heading: DAVID’S MOTHER
dialog: I'd like a glass of sparkling
dialog: water.
speaker_heading: DAVID’S FATHER
dialog: The same for me. That’s a lovely
dialog: idea.
text: They sit back down. David calls room service and orders the
dialog: water.
speaker_heading: DAVID’S FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s tragic what’s happened to you
dialog: but I think everything will be
dialog: alright in the end. We’re both very
dialog: optimistic. You have another 26
dialog: days. That’s three weeks. What am I
dialog: talking about, that’s more than
dialog: three weeks. You should get a
dialog: haircut as soon as you can. You’re
dialog: much more handsome with your hair
dialog: short. Your sister sends her
dialog: regards. She said she'd visit you
text: the first chance she gets. She’s in
dialog: Switzerland with Mark. They’re
dialog: having a wonderful time. Skiing all
dialog: day. Mark didn’t know how to ski
dialog: but he’s doing very well. He
dialog: managed to ski down the whole piste
dialog: all by himself on Monday. Your
dialog: mother told them that they have to
dialog: be careful though. Skiing’s no
dialog: laughing matter. You can easily get
dialog: hurt.
dialog: 36
dialog: 37
dialog: 25.
text: His parents drink the sparkling water they ordered, down in
text: one go. They then get up and put on their coats. They say
text: their goodbyes at the door.
speaker_heading: DAVID’S FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: We'll come again soon.
speaker_heading: DAVID’S MOTHER
dialog: We'll come again soon. Give this to
dialog: your brother. It’s sirloin steak.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Okay.
text: David closes the door and continues to play with the dog and
text: the small ball.
scene_heading: INT. BREAKFAST ROOM - MORNING
text: Limping Man and David sit alone but at adjacent tables and
text: eat their breakfast. Limping Man looks a little sad. David
text: tries to cheer him up.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: New guests arrived yesterday.
speaker_heading: LIMPING MAN
dialog: Yes, I saw that.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I think I saw a woman with a limp.
speaker_heading: LIMPING MAN
text: It’s only a sprained ankle. She’1ll
dialog: be walking normally again in a few
dialog: days. I asked her.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: That’s a shame.
text: Limping Man looks back down at his plate and plays with some
text: butter and his knife. David tries to find something to say
text: but can’t. They sit silently. The alarm bell goes off. They
text: all get up and leave the room.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL COACH - MORNING
text: David sits in a seat and looks out the window.
speaker_heading: FEMALE V.O.
dialog: One day he sat next to the woman
text: with the biscuits on the coach. He
text: gazed out the window, not looking
dialog: at anything in particular, just
text: trying to avoid talking to her.
dialog: 26.
text: Biscuit Woman sits beside him.
speaker_heading: BISCUIT WOMAN
dialog: How’s Bob?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: He’s fine.
text: David tries to be polite but the pretence is obvious.
text: Although she bores him, he feels sorry for her for some
dialog: reason.
speaker_heading: BISCUIT WOMAN
dialog: I'd give anything to go for a walk
dialog: with you and Bob one afternoon.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: The dog’s not allowed out of the
dialog: room, I'm afraid.
speaker_heading: FEMALE V.O.
dialog: There are some excuses that no-one
dialog: can argue with, he thought. Some
dialog: excuses are without doubt better
dialog: than others. And that was a really
dialog: good one.
speaker_heading: BISCUIT WOMAN
dialog: These biscuits are for Bob. I want
dialog: you to give them to him whenever
dialog: you want to reward him for
dialog: something and tell him they’re from
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Thank you.
text: He looks out the window again. She doesn’t give up though.
speaker_heading: BISCUIT WOMAN
dialog: Can I come to your room sometime
dialog: for a chat? I could give you a blow
dialog: job or you could fuck me. I always
dialog: swallow after fellatio and I have
dialog: absolutely no problem with anal
dialog: sex, if that’s your thing. My ex-
dialog: husband always used to say I had
dialog: the most beautiful thighs he’d ever
dialog: seen in his life but let’s not talk
dialog: about him. I’m in Room 180. My
dialog: telephone extension number is 180.
dialog: I hope I catch some loners today
dialog: because I didn’t catch any the last
dialog: few times. I hope you catch lots
dialog: too.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Thank you very much.
dialog: 38
dialog: 39
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: BISCUIT WOMAN
dialog: If I don’t find a suitable partner
dialog: soon I’m going to kill myself by
text: jumping from one of the room
dialog: balconies. I want you to know that.
dialog: My room is on the first floor. Room
dialog: numbers that start with a “1” are
text: on the first floor, those starting
text: with a “2” are on the second floor
text: and so on. So 140 is on the first
text: floor and 308 is on the third floor
text: and 190 is also on the first floor.
dialog: So I'll have to jump from some room
dialog: that’s high up. 380, for example,
dialog: or 420, that would be even better.
speaker_heading: FEMALE V.O.
text: When she stopped talking, he stared
text: at her blankly, not knowing what to
dialog: say. He then opened the window,
text: looked out at the woods and thought
dialog: once more about how good his excuse
dialog: had been.
scene_heading: EXT. THE WOODS - MIDDAY
text: Lisping Man walks carefully through the woods. In the
text: background we see a few hotel residents firing their
text: tranquilliser guns and some loners running away. The animals
text: in the woods do not react, as if they are used to the
dialog: procedure, as if it is something that happens often and is
dialog: not terribly interesting. On the other hand, something really
text: exciting happens to Lisping Man. He notices a YOUNG LONER
text: WOMAN hiding behind a tree. He stealthily approaches her and
text: the woman, realising there’s no escape, starts pleading with
text: him to let her go. The young woman has a lisp. Lisping man
text: notices it as soon as she starts speaking. His eyes sparkle.
speaker_heading: LISPING YOUNG WOMAN
dialog: Please don’t shoot me. I’1l give
dialog: you this rabbit. It’ll make a great
dialog: supper.
text: Lisping Man shoots her. He smiles and leans over her
text: unconscious body, pushing her hair away from her face so that
text: he can take a better look at her.
scene_heading: INT. COACH - MIDDAY
text: David and Lisping Man sit together. We hear the cries of a
dialog: hotel guest injured during the hunt throughout their
dialog: conversation.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: If you two are so well suited, I’m
dialog: sure they’1l make an exception.
dialog: 40
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: LISPING MAN
dialog: I hope so. It’s not just that she
dialog: can’t pronounce her s’s, she’s also
text: blonde. Her hair is the exact same
dialog: colour as mine. We’d make a perfect
dialog: couple.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: If you’re so well suited, I’m sure
dialog: they’11l make an exception.
scene_heading: INT. INDOOR SHOOTING RANGE - MORNING
text: Hotel guests are shooting at targets, so the room is really
text: noisy. David, Limping Man and Lisping Man sit on a bench
text: waiting their turn to shoot at a training target with a gun.
text: Lisping Man looks excited. Limping Man does not look at
text: Lisping Man, but is listening to what he says. David seems
text: more involved in the conversation.
speaker_heading: LISPING MAN
dialog: I spoke with the Hotel Manager and
dialog: she said that no one should get
text: involved with a loner. She said
dialog: it’s dangerous and suggested that
dialog: if I really love her that much, the
dialog: right thing to do is to keep her in
dialog: my room as a pet. She suggested I
dialog: turn her into a parrot and I
dialog: agreed. The only problem is I can’t
dialog: open the windows in my room
dialog: anymore, or when I open them I can
dialog: only open them a little. Yesterday
text: she flew around the room and around
text: the ceiling light and hit against
dialog: the walls and windows, and when I
text: turned the light off she kept on
text: flying for a little bit and then
dialog: stopped. I guess she fell asleep.
dialog: Have you thought what animal you
dialog: want to be if you don’t make it?
speaker_heading: DAVID
text: A lobster.
text: Lisping Man takes a plastic bag out of his jacket pocket.
text: Inside are various coloured feathers he has plucked from the
text: bird. His eyes are full of joy as he opens the bag and shows
text: the feathers to David and Limping Man.
speaker_heading: LISPING MAN
dialog: It’s such a beautiful parrot. It
dialog: has green, blue, yellow and red
dialog: feathers. Take a look.
dialog: 4l
dialog: 29.
text: Limping Man stands up and doesn’t even bother to look at the
text: contents of the bag. He puts his hands into his trouser
text: pockets and his face turns very serious.
speaker_heading: LISPING MAN (CONT'D)
dialog: If I don’t make it, I’m going to
dialog: become a parrot. We’1l live
dialog: together. That’s for sure. Why
dialog: don’t you become parrots too? Then
dialog: we'll all be together.
speaker_heading: LIMPING MAN
dialog: You're a complete idiot, picking
dialog: one of the few animals that can
dialog: talk when you have a speech
dialog: impediment. You'll lisp, even as an
dialog: animal. [To David] As for you,
dialog: they’11l catch you and throw you
text: into a pot of boiling water until
dialog: you die and then they’1ll crack open
dialog: your claws with a tool like pliers
dialog: and they'll suck out what little
dialog: flesh you have with their mouths.
dialog: You're pathetic, both of you. I’m
dialog: not going to be turned into some
dialog: animal. I’11 come visit you though
dialog: with my partner when we’re walking
dialog: together in some park or when we’re
dialog: swimming in the sea or when we're
dialog: on one of our trips.
text: Lisping Man punches him in the stomach. Limping Man has his
text: hands into his pockets, and so doesn’t have time to react.
text: David separates them. The waiters do not interfere, they just
text: watch the fight. As soon as David manages to calm them down,
text: it’s his turn to take a shot at the range.
speaker_heading: TRAINER WAITER
dialog: Room 101, please.
text: David goes and stands beside the waiter. The waiter hands him
dialog: the gun.
speaker_heading: TRAINER WAITER (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s no coincidence that the
dialog: targets are always shaped like a
text: single person and not a couple.
dialog: Kill the loner. Shoot him through
dialog: the heart.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM 101 - MORNING
text: There’s a knock on the door and the Maid enters. She makes
text: the bed. David watches her every move. He seems on edge. He
text: keeps out of her way while she does what she has to do.
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: MAID
dialog: How many darts did you use
dialog: yesterday?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Twelve.
text: The Maid leaves twelve tranquilliser darts on the bedside
text: table. She notes something down in a folder.
speaker_heading: MAID
dialog: Please take off your trousers and
text: sit on the bed.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Can we not do this today? It’s
dialog: awful.
speaker_heading: MAID
dialog: I know. But I’m afraid we have to
dialog: do it. And you have no idea how
dialog: much it helps you psychologically
dialog: in your search for a partner.
text: David takes off his trousers and sits on the edge of the bed.
text: The Maid sits in his lap and jiggles about. She reaches down
text: to grab his cock every so often. David looks like he is
text: enjoying it against his will. He closes his eyes and lays
text: back. Suddenly she gets up.
speaker_heading: MAID (CONT'D)
dialog: Today you became erect quicker than
dialog: on other days. That’s good. Have a
dialog: nice day.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Please, just a little bit longer.
text: The Maid takes her trolley and leaves. David gets up and runs
text: after the maid. He’s pathetic and desperate.
speaker_heading: DAVID (CONT'D)
dialog: That’s awful. Just awful.
scene_heading: 42 INT. HOTEL POOL - MORNING
text: Nosebleed Woman is swimming. Limping Man limps up to the
text: pool’s edge and dives into the water. He swims up to her.
text: David lies on a lounger by the pool and watches them chat.
speaker_heading: LIMPING MAN
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: NOSEBLEED WOMAN
dialog: Hello.
dialog: 43
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: LIMPING MAN
dialog: Do you like to swim breast stroke,
dialog: front crawl, butterfly or back
dialog: stroke?
speaker_heading: NOSEBLEED WOMAN
dialog: I like all the strokes equally. I
dialog: perhaps like back stroke a little
dialog: less because I can’t see where I’m
dialog: going. I’m always afraid I’m going
dialog: to hit a rock or bump into someone.
speaker_heading: LIMPING MAN
dialog: You're absolutely right. You know,
dialog: I love breast stroke. No, really,
dialog: my friends often tease me and say,
dialog: “Stop swimming breast stroke all
text: the time!” and then they laugh.
speaker_heading: NOSEBLEED WOMAN
dialog: Breast stroke is great. Excellent
dialog: exercise for the back.
text: Nosebleed Woman turns her head away to the left. When Limping
text: Man is certain she can’t see him, he purposely knocks his
text: head on the side of the pool and his nose starts to bleed. He
text: acts as if nothing has happened.
speaker_heading: LIMPING MAN
dialog: When swimming breast stroke, men
dialog: shouldn't wear swim shorts as it
dialog: really limits movement in the
dialog: buttocks. But you knew that, didn’t
dialog: you?
text: He shows her his breast stroke kick.
speaker_heading: NOSEBLEED WOMAN
dialog: I think your nose is bleeding.
speaker_heading: LIMPING MAN
dialog: Really? Oh no, not again. This
dialog: happens to me all the time. It’s
dialog: very, very annoying.
speaker_heading: NOSEBLEED WOMAN
dialog: I know. I have a nosebleed problem
dialog: too.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM 101 - EVENING
text: David is sleeping. The dog is sleeping too. There’s a knock
text: at the door. David gets up and answers it. Limping Man stands
dialog: outside.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: What’s the matter?
dialog: 44
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: LIMPING MAN
dialog: I want to talk to you.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Have a seat.
speaker_heading: LIMPING MAN
dialog: I came to say goodbye.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I saw what you did. It must have
dialog: hurt.
text: The man bangs his nose against the wall and it bleeds.
speaker_heading: LIMPING MAN
dialog: I’m going to ask you a question and
dialog: I want you to answer me honestly.
dialog: What’s worse, to die of cold and
dialog: hunger in the woods, to become an
dialog: animal that will be killed and
dialog: eaten by some bigger animal, or to
dialog: have a nosebleed from time to time?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: To become an animal that will be
text: killed and eaten by some bigger
dialog: animal.
speaker_heading: LIMPING MAN
dialog: Exactly.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: She doesn’t suspect that you’re
dialog: lying?
speaker_heading: LIMPING MAN
dialog: No.
text: Limping Man hugs David. He stains his shirt with blood.
speaker_heading: LIMPING MAN (CONT’D)
dialog: Don’t worry about your shirt. Rub
dialog: it with salt or scrub it with
dialog: ammonia and it’1l come out right
dialog: away but whatever you do, don’t use
dialog: hot water. Goodnight.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL RECEPTION - NIGHT
text: All the residents are dressed up - black tie and gowns. This
text: is obviously a special occasion. The Hotel Manager is
text: presenting the new couple: Limping Man and Nosebleed Woman.
text: They are now formally together, a confirmed couple.
dialog: 33.
dialog: Their life together will begin with everyone’s blessing. It’s
text: like an instant wedding, a non-ritual ceremony.
speaker_heading: HOTEL MANAGER
dialog: I’m very happy because we have a
dialog: new couple. They met just two days
dialog: ago but they are very much in love
text: and perfectly suited. They both
dialog: have the same problem with their
text: noses. They bleed quite suddenly.
text: The rest of the hotel guests clap. Nosebleed Woman’s Best
text: Friend cries. She realises she is losing her best friend
text: forever and feels abandoned. David hesitates at first, but
text: after a while he claps too. But he doesn’t smile, and seems
text: worried. A WAITER holds a velvet cushion with tassels, with a
text: room key on it. The Hotel Manager hands the couple the room
dialog: key.
speaker_heading: HOTEL MANAGER (CONT’D)
dialog: Tomorrow they will be transferred
text: to a double room with a larger
text: wardrobe and a larger bathroom.
dialog: They will be allowed to use the
dialog: group sports facilities and to eat
text: together in the restaurant. They
dialog: will stay in a double room for two
dialog: weeks and then their final test
text: awaits. The pier.
text: The rest of the guests clap once more. Limping Man takes the
text: microphone. He speaks loudly, with excitement and joy.
speaker_heading: LIMPING MAN
dialog: I’m very happy.
speaker_heading: NOSEBLEED WOMAN
dialog: Me too.
speaker_heading: HOTEL MANAGER
dialog: What are your thoughts on
dialog: paedophilia?
speaker_heading: LIMPING MAN
dialog: I’m against it.
speaker_heading: NOSEBLEED WOMAN
dialog: I’m against it.
speaker_heading: HOTEL MANAGER
dialog: Good. Do either of you have a
dialog: serious illness that could prove
dialog: fatal within the next five years?
speaker_heading: LIMPING MAN
dialog: No.
dialog: 45
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: NOSEBLEED WOMAN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: HOTEL MANAGER
dialog: Very good. The course of your
dialog: relationship will be monitored
dialog: closely by our staff and by me
dialog: personally. If we notice any
dialog: problems, any fighting or tension
dialog: between you which you cannot
dialog: resolve yourselves for whatever
dialog: reason, you will be assigned
dialog: children. That usually helps. A
dialog: lot.
text: The couple leaves the room, waving the audience goodbye.
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL ENTRANCE - AFTERNOON
text: David, Nosebleed Woman, her Best Friend and Limping Man are
text: looking at some children locked behind some railings in a
text: large enclosure. They all wear identical clothes, tracksuits.
text: Most of them are playing. One of the children comes up to
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: CHILD
dialog: Hello. My parents split up two
dialog: years ago. They are both animals
dialog: now. I’m ten years old. I’m very
dialog: good at algebra and even better at
dialog: geometry. If you choose me, I’m
dialog: 100% sure you won’t be
dialog: disappointed. I’m seriously
dialog: thinking of going to study at the
dialog: university. Come closer.
text: Limping Man goes closer. The child strokes Limping Man’s
text: cheek and hair.
speaker_heading: CHILD (CONT'D)
dialog: I love you so much, daddy. Don’t be
dialog: sad, daddy, everything will be
dialog: fine, you’ll see. I love you so
dialog: much. You’re so strong, stronger
dialog: than any of my classmates’ dads.
dialog: Here you are, daddy, here’s that
dialog: cold beer you asked for.
text: David, Nosebleed Woman, her Best Friend and Limping Man
text: leave. The child can be heard from afar.
speaker_heading: CHILD (CONT'D)
dialog: Look, daddy, I can ride my bike
dialog: with no hands. If you don’t pick me
dialog: I hope you die alone and that they
dialog: find your body days after you die.
dialog: 46
dialog: 47
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I’m sure you won’t need a child.
dialog: You'll get on just fine.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL CORRIDOR - AFTERNOON
text: Nosebleed Woman’s Best Friend and David are walking back to
text: their rooms, side by side. David looks at her, notices her
text: figure, the way she walks, her hands, her necklace, her hair.
text: David's voice grows softer. His tone changes.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: You have really nice hair.
scene_heading: NOSEBLEED WOMAN’S BEST FRIEND
dialog: I know. Look.
text: Nosebleed Woman's Best Friend flicks her head to show David
text: how smoothly her hair moves.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: How do you like mine?
scene_heading: NOSEBLEED WOMAN’S BEST FRIEND
dialog: Well, I think you have quite dry
dialog: hair. It’s also quite obvious
dialog: you'll be bald in a few years.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: There are ways that you can get
dialog: your hair back. You can get hair
dialog: transplants nowadays.
scene_heading: NOSEBLEED WOMAN’S BEST FRIEND
dialog: They are rarely successful. You can
dialog: always tell when someone has had a
dialog: hair transplant. Nice hair is not
dialog: something you can get, it’s
dialog: something you’re born with. And
dialog: something that needs lifelong care.
text: Her strictness on the hair issue ends their conversation and
text: David can’t muster the courage to have another try.
text: Disappointed, he now walks behind her and not next to her.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL BAR - MORNING
text: The Hotel Manager, Nosebleed Woman and her Best Friend sit at
text: a table. The Best Friend is crying. Nosebleed Woman is not.
speaker_heading: HOTEL MANAGER
dialog: Today is your last day. As is
dialog: customary, you can choose how you
dialog: would like to spend your last
dialog: night.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: HOTEL MANAGER (CONT'D)
dialog: What I always say in these
dialog: situations is that it would be wise
dialog: to choose something you cannot do
dialog: as an animal, like read a work of
dialog: classic literature or sing a song
dialog: you really like. It would be silly
dialog: if you chose, for example, a walk
dialog: in the grounds or to have sexual
dialog: intercourse with someone because
dialog: these are things you can also do as
dialog: an animal. But first, your best
dialog: friend would like to read something
dialog: she wrote for you that is really
dialog: very touching.
text: Nosebleed Woman unfolds a sheet of paper.
speaker_heading: NOSEBLEED WOMAN
dialog: We always sat together at school
dialog: and whenever I had a problem I
dialog: talked to you about it because you
dialog: always gave the best advice. When
dialog: we didn’t manage to find dance
dialog: partners at the school prom, the
dialog: fact that we were together at that
dialog: difficult moment gave me strength.
dialog: I’m sorry things have come to this.
dialog: I’m sure that if you had a few more
dialog: days you'd find someone, just like
dialog: I did, because you’re an admirable
dialog: person and you have very beautiful
dialog: hair and very nice breasts. I was
dialog: always jealous of your hair, you
dialog: know that. You were, are, and
dialog: always will be my best friend and
dialog: I‘1l think of you often and I‘1l
dialog: always wear those silver earrings
dialog: you gave me for my birthday. I’1l
dialog: miss you and however many new
dialog: girlfriends I make in a few days
dialog: when I move back into town, I don’t
dialog: think I'll find another as true or
dialog: as beautiful as you.
text: Nosebleed Woman’s Best Friend gets up and slaps her. The
text: Hotel Manager separates them. Nosebleed Woman's nose is
text: bleeding from the blows.
scene_heading: NOSEBLEED WOMAN’S BEST FRIEND
dialog: I'd like to watch the film “Stand
dialog: By Me” with River Phoenix, Kiefer
dialog: Sutherland and Richard Dreyfuss.
dialog: Alone.
dialog: 48
dialog: 49
dialog: 50
dialog: 37.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM 101 - DAY
text: David looks out of his room window. The Maid holds a pony by
text: its reins. She opens the gate to the hotel grounds and sets
text: the pony free. Nosebleed Woman and Limping Man hug in the
text: hotel entrance and wave goodbye to the pony. The pony doesn’t
text: run off. It just stands there, swishing its beautiful tail.
text: The room phone rings. The display reads 180. He doesn’t pick
dialog: up.
scene_heading: ANSWERING MACHINE
dialog: Room 101. Please leave a message
text: after the tone.
scene_heading: EXT. BASKETBALL COURT - DAY
text: David holds a bag of golf clubs and watches a couple playing
text: basketball one on one in the court from behind the wire
text: fence. They’re having fun, they yell and kiss. David is
text: fixated by them.
speaker_heading: FEMALE V.O.
dialog: When I was at the hotel, I never
dialog: much left my room. Hardly ever. I
dialog: went there around four years ago.
dialog: From the very first day I knew
dialog: there was no one there who
dialog: interested me. I used to listen to
dialog: a lot of French music back then,
dialog: and no one else listened to French
dialog: music there. I stayed for 19 days.
dialog: I let a waiter fuck me in order to
dialog: help me escape. After he’d fucked
dialog: me he said that he wouldn’t let me
dialog: go and that I’d better just go back
dialog: to my room and quick. I killed him
dialog: and left. I also killed a resident
dialog: who tried to stop me leaving
dialog: because he said he liked me.
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL GROUNDS - DAY
text: David heads back towards his room carrying golf equipment. He
text: sees a crowd of people. Biscuit Woman lies on the ground,
text: covered in blood. She isn’t dead and is screaming in pain.
text: David runs towards the crowd. He sees the injured woman lying
text: on the ground and shuts his eyes. He turns away as he can’t
text: stand to see her suffer. He spots Heartless Woman and
text: instantly changes his facial expression. He tries hard to
text: look calm and indifferent.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: What happened?
dialog: 51
dialog: 52
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: HEARTLESS WOMAN
text: She jumped from the balcony of Room
dialog: 180.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I hope she dies right away. On
dialog: second thought, I hope she suffers
dialog: quite a bit before she dies. I just
dialog: hope her pathetic screams can’t be
dialog: heard from my room because I’m
dialog: thinking about having a lie down
dialog: and I need peace and quiet. I was
dialog: playing golf and I’m quite tired
dialog: and the last thing I need is a
text: women dying slowly and loudly.
speaker_heading: HEARTLESS WOMAN
dialog: I can’t hear you with all this
dialog: screaming. We'll talk some other
dialog: time when it’s quieter. Bye.
text: Heartless Woman leaves. David turns and watches her leave.
text: TWO WAITERS arrive with a stretcher.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM 101 - AFTERNOON
text: David plays the message Biscuit Woman left on his answering
text: machine before she committed suicide. The incident has
text: obviously upset him. There’s a hint of regret in his face.
text: The dog stands beside him, as if listening to the message
dialog: too.
scene_heading: BISCUIT WOMAN (MESSAGE ON ANSWERING
speaker_heading: MACHINE )
dialog: Hello. You're probably in the
dialog: bathroom, that’s why you can’t
text: hear the phone ring. There’s
dialog: nothing better than a cold shower
text: in the morning.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I‘1l call again a little later when
dialog: you've finished your shower so we
dialog: can chat.
text: He pushes play to hear it again. The dog wanders off.
scene_heading: INT. BALLROOM - EVENING
text: Heartless Woman sits alone at a table. David goes up to her.
text: He now seems confident.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: May I join you?
text: Heartless Woman looks at him and doesn’t answer right away.
dialog: 53
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: HEARTLESS WOMAN
dialog: I don’t care. Sit if you like.
text: Heartless Woman looks at him. They don’t talk, they just
text: watch the other couples dancing on the dance floor. He takes
text: his jacket off and stirs the ice cubes in his glass with his
text: index finger. She takes a cherry from a bowl and pops it in
text: her mouth. She chokes. Her face turns red. She slumps over
text: the table and her body jolts about in the chair. David does
text: not react. After a while she stops her charade.
speaker_heading: HEARTLESS WOMAN (CONT’D)
dialog: I think we’re a match.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Yes, I think so too. Would you like
dialog: for us to live as a couple from now
dialog: on?
speaker_heading: HEARTLESS WOMAN
dialog: Yes. We’1l inform the reception
text: desk in the morning.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Great.
scene_heading: INT. DOUBLE ROOM 202 - EVENING
text: David, Heartless Woman and the dog enter the room. This room
text: isn’t much bigger than the old one but there is a double bed
text: and two bathrobes in the closet. Heartless Woman gives the
text: dog a plate with water. The dog laps up the water. David
text: looks happy. He checks the bed and the sheets, he takes his
text: clothes off and sits on the chair.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Do you normally sleep on the left
dialog: or the right side of the bed?
speaker_heading: HEARTLESS WOMAN
dialog: The left. You?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: The right. Perfect.
text: They sit down on their respective sides of the bed. David
text: takes off his trousers. Heartless Woman sits on his lap and
text: jiggles about, just like the Maid used to do. She reaches
text: down to grab his cock every so often. Eventually they fuck.
text: David is behind her. During intercourse he whispers “mmm” and
text: Heartless Woman stops and turns to look at him.
speaker_heading: HEARTLESS WOMAN
dialog: What was that sound? Did you say
dialog: something?
dialog: 54
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: HEARTLESS WOMAN
dialog: Do you mind if we fuck in a
dialog: position where I can see your face?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: HEARTLESS WOMAN
dialog: Turn the light on please, so I can
dialog: see you better.
text: David turns the light on and they carry on having sex, during
text: which he tries desperately not to grimace or show signs of
text: overexcitement. She looks him straight in the eye to see if
text: he makes any facial expressions. During his orgasm, David
dialog: tries hard to remain cold. This is the most difficult part of
text: the process. His face is sweaty, his eyes wide open.
dialog: Heartless Woman, on the other hand, is naturally
text: expressionless. As soon as they are done, they get dressed.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Should I turn off the light or
dialog: would you like to read?
speaker_heading: HEARTLESS WOMAN
dialog: I'd like to read. Does the light
dialog: bother you?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: No. I’m not bothered by light or
dialog: noise. I’m a deep sleeper.
text: Heartless Woman reads. David gets under the covers and turns
text: his back to her. He then turns again and he puts his arm
text: around her waist. He closes his eyes and sleeps. Heartless
text: Woman eyes him suspiciously.
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL GARDENS - MORNING
text: David, Heartless Woman and the dog are out for a walk. The
text: couple walk hand in hand. They meet Limping Man, who is out
text: walking with Nosebleed Woman and a LITTLE GIRL.
speaker_heading: LIMPING MAN
dialog: Good morning.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Good morning.
speaker_heading: LIMPING MAN
dialog: Congratulations.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Thank you.
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: LIMPING MAN
dialog: This is our daughter. Her name is
dialog: Elizabeth. Elizabeth, give the nice
dialog: man a kiss. He’s a friend of mine.
text: The girl goes up to David. He does not bend down to be
dialog: kissed.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: The last thing I want right now is
text: a kiss from a silly little girl.
text: They stand there a little, motionless and then David kicks
text: the child on her shin. She bursts into tears and Nosebleed
text: Woman takes her into her arms.
speaker_heading: DAVID (CONT'D)
dialog: Don't cry, Elizabeth. You should
dialog: thank me, now you'll have a limp
dialog: and be more like your father.
text: David and Heartless Woman leave with the dog.
speaker_heading: HEARTLESS WOMAN
dialog: You should have punched her in the
text: face too and bloodied her nose and
dialog: then said, “Don't cry, Elizabeth.
dialog: You should thank me, now your nose
dialog: is bloody and you'll be even more
dialog: like your father.”
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: You're right. Why didn’t I think of
dialog: that.
scene_heading: 55 INT. DOUBLE ROOM 202 - DAY
text: David wakes up. Heartless Woman stands over him in a quite a
text: threatening way.
speaker_heading: HEARTLESS WOMAN
dialog: Good morning.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Good morning.
speaker_heading: HEARTLESS WOMAN
dialog: I killed your brother. I left him
dialog: to die very slowly. He may not be
dialog: dead yet, even as we speak. I was
text: kicking him for ages.
text: She shows him her leg. Her shoe is covered in blood. David
text: tries very hard not to show his true feelings - he’s
text: devastated but pretends that he’s indifferent to what’s
dialog: happened.
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: It doesn’t matter.
speaker_heading: HEARTLESS WOMAN
text: He whined a little. A strange kind
dialog: of bark. Something like this. Woof
dialog: ow-woof. It must’ve been from the
dialog: pain. You didn’t hear anything?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: HEARTLESS WOMAN
dialog: You really are a deep sleeper.
dialog: Would you like some coffee?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I’d love some.
text: David goes to the bathroom.
speaker_heading: HEARTLESS WOMAN
dialog: Right. I can’t wait to hear the
dialog: story you promised to tell me last
dialog: night, about that student of yours
dialog: at the university and his awful
dialog: final project.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: It’s really a very funny story. His
scene_heading: name was Ryess. R-Y-E-S-S. Ryess.
text: David splashes water on his face and then finally bursts into
text: tears. Heartless Woman enters the bathroom and slaps him.
speaker_heading: DAVID (CONT'D)
dialog: These aren’t tears. It’s just
dialog: water.
speaker_heading: HEARTLESS WOMAN
dialog: I knew you were lying. I can’t
dialog: understand why you did it when you
dialog: know as well as anyone that a
dialog: relationship cannot be built on a
dialog: lie. We're going to the Hotel
dialog: Manager right now and you'll get
dialog: the punishment you deserve.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: What’s the punishment for this?
speaker_heading: HEARTLESS WOMAN
dialog: They turn you into the animal no
dialog: one wants to be. You know which
dialog: one.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Yes. I know.
dialog: 56
dialog: 57
dialog: 58
dialog: 59
dialog: 43.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL CORRIDORS - EVENING
text: David and Heartless Woman are walking around to find the
text: Hotel Manager. She holds him by the hair. The pain is visible
text: on his face. David suddenly kicks her in the stomach and gets
text: away. He takes the lift. She runs up the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL FIRST-FLOOR CORRIDOR - EVENING
text: Heartless Woman reaches the first-floor corridor and tries
text: each door one by one. She sees a door slightly ajar. She
text: pushes it open and enters. She sees a WOMAN giving a WAITER a
text: blow job. A second waiter, the 30-year-old waiter, is fucking
text: her while a third, the 50-year-old waiter, sits watching in a
text: chair and wanks off.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL STAIRS - EVENING
text: Heartless Woman exits the room, walks down the corridor and
text: goes up to the second floor. She is absolutely cool, she
text: doesn’t look angry or nervous, just determined.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL SECOND-FLOOR CORRIDOR - EVENING
text: Heartless Woman sees the Maid in the middle of the corridor
text: holding a tray with a glass of Campari and soda.
speaker_heading: MAID
text: I saw a man running back that way.
text: He looked frantic.
text: As soon as Heartless Woman turns back, David emerges from one
text: of the rooms with a tranquilliser gun and shoots her. The
text: Maid leaves the glass of Campari next to Campari Man, who is
text: also unconscious inside the room, and then helps David lift
dialog: Heartless Woman.
speaker_heading: FEMALE V.O.
dialog: At first he wanted to kill her in
dialog: some horrible and painful way, like
dialog: the death she had inflicted on his
dialog: brother. He thought about kicking
text: her in the stomach over and over
text: again and then stabbing her in the
text: same spot, in the stomach. But then
dialog: he thought that there wouldn’t be
dialog: much point because she was already
dialog: unconscious and so she wouldn't
dialog: feel any pain from the kicks or the
dialog: knife.
text: David carefully carries Heartless Woman through the hotel
text: with the help of the Maid. They meet no one in the corridors.
text: He takes her to the room where they transform people into
text: animals. The Maid unlocks the door.
dialog: 60
dialog: 61
dialog: 62
dialog: 63
dialog: 44,
scene_heading: INT. ANIMAL TRANSFORMATION ROOM - EVENING
text: The Maid asks David to shoot her with the tranquilliser gun
dialog: too, so that no one will suspect her of helping him. He
text: shoots her and she falls down unconscious. David shuts the
text: door behind him.
speaker_heading: FEMALE V.O.
dialog: And so he decided to turn her into
text: an animal. A hotel maid helped him
dialog: and he never understood why she did
dialog: it. I asked him many times what
dialog: sort of animal he turned her into,
dialog: but he always gave the same answer.
dialog: “That’s none of your concern”. That
dialog: night he left the hotel, once and
dialog: for all.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM 101 - EVENING
text: The Hotel Manager runs to the couple’s room with two waiters.
text: She sees the dead dog. She signals to the waiters to set off
text: the alarm. “You Give Love A Bad Name” by Bon Jovi plays
text: loudly throughout the building.
speaker_heading: FEMALE V.O.
dialog: He began to run without knowing
dialog: where he was headed but he was
dialog: headed towards us. This was the
dialog: start of his new life and back
dialog: then, he didn’t know how much it
dialog: hurts to be alone, how much it
dialog: hurts when you cannot reach to rub
dialog: tiger balm on your upper back and
dialog: you are constantly in pain.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL CORRIDOR - EVENING
text: David cautiously disappears down the end of the corridor.
text: III. THE WOODS NEAR THE HOTEL
scene_heading: EXT. THE WOODS - MORNING
text: David walks very quickly, almost at a jog, as if he is too
text: tired to run but too scared to walk. He stops beside a river.
text: He washes his face and drinks some water. He steams up his
text: glasses with his breath and rubs them clean with his t-shirt.
text: He continues to walk quickly. He gets tired. The woods are
text: quiet and the only thing you can hear is the birds and the
text: sound of water. Everything is still and there are no animals
text: around that he can actually see. He lies down on the ground
text: but doesn’t close his eyes.
dialog: 64
dialog: 65
dialog: 45.
text: He just rests but it’s obvious that he isn’t relaxed at all.
dialog: He used to visit these woods as a hunter but now he is the
dialog: prey.
scene_heading: EXT. THE WOODS - MORNING
text: David washes his hair in the river with little bottles of
text: shampoo he stole from the hotel. Suddenly, he hears a noise.
text: A LONER MAN is swimming. David goes towards him.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: LONER SWIMMER
dialog: Don’t shoot. I can tell you where
dialog: the others are hiding. What would
dialog: you prefer, one extra day or a
dialog: whole extra week, maybe even two
dialog: weeks?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I'm alone. I just escaped from the
dialog: hotel.
speaker_heading: LONER SWIMMER
dialog: Did your time run out or did you
dialog: lie and get caught?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: My time ran out.
speaker_heading: LONER SWIMMER
dialog: Okay. I got away about a year ago.
dialog: Don’t worry. There’s nothing to be
dialog: afraid of now. So long as they
dialog: don’t catch you.
scene_heading: EXT. THE WOODS - EVENING
text: Loner Swimmer takes David to the LONER LEADER, a woman of
text: around 30. She and the rest of the LONERS wear the same
text: waterproof capes and carry backpacks with their personal
text: belongings. David seems a little bit lost as he tries to
dialog: adapt to the current situation which he wasn’t prepared for.
text: He looks around amazed at all these loners who form this
text: autonomous community in the forest.
speaker_heading: LONER SWIMMER
dialog: I found him out in the woods. He
text: escaped from the hotel. He didn’t
dialog: lie, his time ran out.
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER
dialog: Are you a doctor, by any chance?
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER
dialog: That's a pity, we need a doctor. We
dialog: had one but they caught him a
dialog: couple of months ago.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I’m an architect.
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER
dialog: That’s okay. Are you on any
dialog: medication these days we should
dialog: know of?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Well, not really. I have pain in my
dialog: upper back and I often put some
dialog: heat rub cream on it, but that’s
dialog: all. Nothing important, really.
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER
dialog: Alright. So, welcome. You can stay
dialog: with us for as long as you like.
dialog: You can be a loner until the day
dialog: you die, there’s no time limit.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Thank you very much.
text: David smiles. Loner Leader gives him an awkward hug.
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER
dialog: By the way, any romantic or sexual
dialog: relations between loners are not
dialog: permitted and any such acts are
dialog: punished. Is that clear?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Can I have a conversation with
dialog: someone?
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER
dialog: Of course you can, so long as there
dialog: is no touching or flirting or
dialog: anything like that. That applies at
dialog: dance nights too. We all dance by
dialog: ourselves, that’s why we only play
dialog: electronic music. We have dance
dialog: nights every now and then.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: That’s nice.
dialog: 66
dialog: 67
dialog: 68
dialog: 47.
scene_heading: EXT. THE WOODS - MORNING
text: Loner Swimmer, aided by a BANDAGED LONER with bloodied
text: bandages over his mouth, gives David a waterproof cape, a
text: portable CD player, a pocket-sized game of solitaire, the
text: book “Of Mice and Men” by John Steinbeck and a knife. David
text: realizes that he’s going to be a proper member of this group.
text: As these changes are taking place David acts in a mechanical
text: way, without really thinking where all this will lead him. He
text: looks at Bandaged Loner. There’s fresh blood on his bandages.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: What’s wrong with your mouth?
speaker_heading: LONER SWIMMER
dialog: He can’t talk. He was given the Red
dialog: Kiss.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: What’s the Red Kiss?
speaker_heading: LONER SWIMMER
text: We slashed his lips with a razor
text: and the lips of another loner and
text: we forced them to kiss each other.
dialog: That was a few days ago now but the
dialog: cuts were deep and they’re still in
dialog: pain. They were flirting, you know.
dialog: Check if the portable CD player
dialog: works properly otherwise I’1l have
dialog: to find you some new batteries.
text: Davis presses play on the CD player. Music plays. He pushes
text: the stop button.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: It works just fine.
scene_heading: EXT. THE WOODS - MORNING
text: David takes off his t-shirt and rubs Tiger Balm cream onto
text: his upper back, as far as he can reach. He cannot reach most
text: of his upper back properly.
scene_heading: EXT. THE WOODS - MORNING
text: Loner Leader watches a pig eating some weeds. She creeps up
text: without making a sound and slips a lead around its neck. They
text: start walking in the woods. Wherever the animal stops, the
text: leader digs into the ground with her hands as if looking for
text: something. She then gets up, wipes the soil off her hands and
text: continues walking the pig.
dialog: 69
dialog: 48.
scene_heading: EXT. THE WOODS - MORNING
text: The loners stand in rows and exercise. Loner Leader checks
text: their technique, corrects them whenever necessary, and yells
dialog: at the lazy ones.
speaker_heading: FEMALE V.O.
dialog: That was the first time I saw him.
text: He was exercising three rows behind
dialog: me but because I’m shortsighted, I
text: couldn’t see him clearly. In any
dialog: case, he seemed quite presentable.
text: We see a woman, whom we’ll soon get to know as SHORTSIGHTED
text: WOMAN, exercising and looking at David. David does what the
text: others do, a little confused but determined at the same time.
speaker_heading: FEMALE V.O. (CONT'D)
dialog: The next day, in town, I found out
dialog: that he was shortsighted too, just
dialog: like me and I knew for sure that he
dialog: liked me. That night, in my sleep,
dialog: I dreamt that we lived in a big
text: house together in the town with a
dialog: large, well-lit kitchen and I was
text: wearing dark blue trousers and a
dialog: tight cream blouse and he took my
dialog: clothes off and fucked me up the
dialog: arse and as he was fucking me a
text: thug came into the kitchen and took
dialog: the steak knives from the second
dialog: drawer and attacked us, stabbing
dialog: the knives into our bellies one by
dialog: one. I woke up terrified.
text: The loners then form a line and start jogging through the
text: woods. A LONER gets caught in a foothold trap. He screams.
text: The others stop but don’t help him. They talk amongst
text: themselves and give him advice on how to free himself. David
text: watches. Shortsighted Woman stands behind him.
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER
dialog: Try harder. Pull the trap open with
dialog: your hands. Positive thinking is
dialog: everything at times like this.
dialog: Don’t give up. You know, you
dialog: should've been more careful. Try
dialog: harder. Or they'll find you and
dialog: you'll be turned into an animal. A
dialog: weak one.
text: The other loners laugh.
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER (CONT’D)
dialog: We must get a move on now. It’s
dialog: really too dangerous to stay here.
dialog: The hotel guests could be here any
dialog: minute.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 70
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER (CONT’D)
dialog: If you manage to free yourself, run
dialog: as fast as you can and come find
dialog: us. If you manage to free yourself
dialog: but think that you’1l die from the
dialog: bleeding, go straight to your
dialog: grave. Have you dug your own grave?
speaker_heading: TRAPPED LONER
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER
dialog: Very good. That’s enough for now.
dialog: Let’s split up and spread out.
dialog: We'll rendezvous tonight at meeting
dialog: point four.
scene_heading: EXT. THE WOODS - MORNING
text: David hides and hears the sound of people running and guns
text: firing. He tries to cover himself with leaves, moving slowly
text: and quietly, and smears mud on his face. Silly little things
text: out of inexperience and despair. Despite his efforts, he is
text: quickly discovered by Lisping Man, who takes aim at David
text: with his tranquilliser gun. David puts his hands up.
speaker_heading: LISPING MAN
dialog: What you did to that woman was
dialog: dreadful. I can’t understand why
dialog: you would turn her into a dog and
text: then kick her to death.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: She killed my brother. I would have
dialog: done the same thing if she’d killed
dialog: you. You’re like a brother to me.
dialog: You're my best friend in the whole
dialog: world.
speaker_heading: LISPING MAN
dialog: I don’t believe I’m your best
dialog: friend in the whole world. You used
dialog: to spend a lot more time with the
text: man with the limp.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: That doesn’t matter. We didn’t
dialog: speak much but we both knew that in
dialog: a pinch we'd be at each other's
dialog: side. Did the man with the limp
dialog: make it?
text: David is not very convincing. But Lisping Man mellows.
speaker_heading: LISPING MAN
text: They're getting ready for the pier.
dialog: It all begins next week.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: LISPING MAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Everyone says they’re going to make
dialog: it as they’re very well suited and
dialog: the child will help them get past
dialog: the fighting. What time do you get
dialog: up in the morning?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Whenever we like. And we eat
dialog: whatever we like.
speaker_heading: LISPING MAN
dialog: You're not thinking of coming back?
dialog: You know, if you told the Hotel
dialog: Manager about your brother she’d
dialog: probably forgive you.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: No. It’s really nice being on your
dialog: own. There’s no one tying you down.
dialog: You listen to music whenever you
dialog: like, go for walks whenever you
dialog: like, have a chat whenever you
dialog: like. I don’t miss companionship at
dialog: all. I only miss you because you
dialog: were my one true friend. Are you
dialog: going to shoot me?
speaker_heading: LISPING MAN
dialog: I'm afraid I have to. I only have
dialog: two days left.
text: David becomes aggressive all of a sudden.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: What did you say? I can’t
dialog: understand you, the way you speak.
speaker_heading: LISPING MAN
dialog: I’m going to shoot you. I only have
dialog: two days left and I need more time.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: You really believe another day will
dialog: make a difference? Have you seen
dialog: how ugly you are? You haven’t got a
dialog: chance. If I were a woman, I'd...
text: Lisping Man prepares to shoot him. Shortsighted Woman jumps
text: out from behind a bush and stabs a knife into Lisping Man's
text: leg, then David grabs Lisping Man’s tranquilliser gun and
text: shoots him.
speaker_heading: DAVID (CONT'D)
dialog: Thank you.
dialog: 71
dialog: 72
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: SHORTSIGHTED WOMAN
dialog: Don’t tell anyone I helped you. If
dialog: you want to repay me, there is a
dialog: way. If you kill a rabbit, bring it
dialog: to me to eat. Do you promise?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: SHORTSIGHTED WOMAN
dialog: Bye.
text: Shortsighted Woman leaves. David stands still and watches her
text: walk off through the trees until she disappears. As soon as
text: he realizes what has just happened he searches through the
text: still-unconscious Lisping Man’s pockets. He finds some bird
text: feathers, which he throws away. He strips off Lisping Man's
text: clothes and takes them with him, along with his gun and
dialog: shoes.
scene_heading: EXT. A CLEARING IN THE WOODS - MORNING
text: The waiter-driver and the Maid, who joined him for the
text: journey, sit outside the coach. The Maid is the one who
text: helped David escape. She picks up a bag and slings it over
text: her back.
speaker_heading: MAID
dialog: I’m going to go hunting for
dialog: truffles. They’re delicious and
dialog: quite rare. A kilo can fetch up to
dialog: 2,000 pounds.
speaker_heading: DRIVER WAITER
dialog: You're going to need a pig. They’re
dialog: impossible to find, otherwise.
speaker_heading: MAID
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: DRIVER WAITER
dialog: Don’t be long. We have to take them
dialog: back in 50 minutes.
speaker_heading: MAID
dialog: Okay.
scene_heading: EXT. THE WOODS - MORNING
text: The Maid walks and stops under a tree. She looks left and
text: right, as if she’s waiting for someone. She then looks at her
text: watch. Loner Leader appears. She kisses the Maid’s hand.
speaker_heading: MAID
dialog: Good morning.
dialog: 73
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER
dialog: Morning. Did you bring the stuff I
dialog: asked for?
speaker_heading: MAID
text: The gun is in the bag, as is the
text: key to the small door. The numbers
dialog: of the double rooms are in this
dialog: blue folder. Try not to lose the
dialog: key, I have to put it back where I
dialog: found it. I suggest Saturday
dialog: because after the dance everyone is
dialog: quite tired and many of the staff
dialog: are off work on weekends.
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER
dialog: What about the shampoo?
speaker_heading: MAID
dialog: I forgot it. I’1l bring you two
dialog: bottles next time.
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER
dialog: You're terrific, you know that?
speaker_heading: MAID
dialog: I don’t know how much longer I can
dialog: take living in that horrible house
dialog: with that fat dentist. He’s always
dialog: asking whether I’ve flossed and
dialog: forces me to brush my teeth after
dialog: every meal, however small. The
dialog: other day he kissed me on the
dialog: cheek. When all this is over I’m
text: going to kill him in his dentist’s
dialog: chair. I’m going to shove the drill
text: into his belly.
text: The Maid sits on a rock and covers her face with her hands.
text: It looks like she’s crying, but she’s not.
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER
dialog: It’ll all be over soon. Be patient
dialog: and don't forget to take your birth-
dialog: control pills. I'll say it again,
dialog: it’s terrific what you’re doing.
text: Loner Leader hugs the Maid.
scene_heading: EXT. THE WOODS - EVENING
text: Loners sit around the woods and rest after the hunt. Loner
text: Swimmer eats fruit, Shortsighted Woman listens to music on
text: her headphones, Bandaged Loner reads a book. Beside him sits
text: a female loner who also has bandages on her mouth - she’s
text: probably the other loner punished with the Red Kiss torture.
text: David sits next to Loner Leader.
dialog: 74
dialog: 75
dialog: 53.
text: She rubs a hydrating cream onto her hands and face. She
text: offers some to David but he declines with a shake of his
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER
dialog: Tomorrow we’re going into town.
dialog: We're going to buy some new books
dialog: as some people have been
dialog: complaining that they’ve read the
dialog: same book two or three times over.
dialog: Also, someone lost the second
dialog: volume of “Crime and Punishment”
text: during a chase and lots of people
dialog: have read the first part and are
dialog: waiting to see what happened next.
dialog: You can come, if you like.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I’1l come.
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER
dialog: Excellent. Then you should clean
dialog: up. We must look like very decent,
dialog: presentable couples tomorrow. Make
dialog: sure you cut your nails and comb
dialog: your hair.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Should I put some aftershave on?
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER
dialog: No, that won’t be necessary.
scene_heading: EXT. THE WOODS, TREE HOLLOW - EVENING
text: Loner Leader pulls a plastic bag out of a tree
text: takes some “civilian” clothes from inside. She
dialog: suit.
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER
dialog: Hope it fits.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Thank you.
text: The suit actually fits.
scene_heading: EXT. THE TOWN - MORNING
dialog: hollow and
dialog: hands David a
text: A typical urban environment. Couples, cars, buses, kids,
text: shops. David has his arm around Shortsighted Woman and Loner
text: Leader has her arm around Loner Swimmer. They're dressed like
text: office workers. They walk through the town and
dialog: enter a
text: shopping centre. They seem happy. They stare at the shop
text: windows, then browse random things like nail polish, paint
text: brushes, cotton sheets and wooden frames.
dialog: 76
dialog: 77
dialog: 54.
scene_heading: INT. SHOP - MORNING
text: They buy knives, a pair of trainers, bandages, a wrist watch
text: and small individual cartons of orange juice.
scene_heading: EXT. SHOP - MORNING
text: David waits for the others. Next to him are three police
text: officers and a woman on her knees. The head officer talks
text: into a mobile CB Radio. The other is checking the woman's
text: nails and asks her to show him the soles of her shoes.
speaker_heading: POLICE OFFICER
text: Woman. Blonde. Approximately 30-35
dialog: years old. Certificate expired two
dialog: months ago.
speaker_heading: WOMAN ARRESTED
dialog: My husband is a lawyer. You’re all
dialog: going to be sued.
text: The police officer with the CB looks to the officer who was
text: been checking the woman and gives him a nod.
speaker_heading: POLICE OFFICER
text: No dirt under her nails or mud on
text: her shoes. 9 Belsize Road.
text: One of the police officers approaches David.
speaker_heading: POLICE OFFICER 2
dialog: Good morning, sir.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Good morning, officer.
text: David tries to remain calm. Shortsighted Woman comes out of
text: the store and hugs David.
speaker_heading: SHORTSIGHTED WOMAN
dialog: I’m sorry, darling. They had such a
dialog: huge variety of knives. I bought
dialog: this one, it’s ideal for meat.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: That’s wonderful, dear. Excuse me a
dialog: moment. How can I help you,
dialog: officer?
text: Shortsighted Woman kisses him on the cheek.
speaker_heading: POLICE OFFICER 2
dialog: Do you know this woman, by any
dialog: chance?
dialog: 78
dialog: 79
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Actually I’ve never seen her
dialog: before.
speaker_heading: POLICE OFFICER 2
dialog: Thank you, sir. You have a nice
dialog: day.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: You're welcome, officer.
text: The officer leaves. Shortsighted Woman hugs David again with
text: the knife in her hands.
scene_heading: EXT. THE TOWN - MORNING
text: Out on the street again. David holds Shortsighted Woman's
text: hand. They don’t look at each other, but if anyone took a
dialog: look at them they’d swear they were a real couple.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: If I’m walking too slowly just say
dialog: and I’1ll up my pace.
speaker_heading: SHORTSIGHTED WOMAN
dialog: This pace is fine. Maybe don’t
text: squeeze my hand so tight, my palm’s
text: getting a little sweaty.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Better?
speaker_heading: SHORTSIGHTED WOMAN
dialog: Yes, much better.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Are you planning on buying anything
dialog: for yourself in town?
speaker_heading: SHORTSIGHTED WOMAN
dialog: Yes, contact lens solution and a
dialog: Parker Rollerball.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I didn’t know you were
dialog: shortsighted. I’m shortsighted too.
text: They stop talking knowingly, as if there’s nothing more to be
dialog: said.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - DAY
text: The four loners stand outside the front door of a house.
text: Loner Leader rings the doorbell. An elderly gentleman opens
text: the door.
dialog: 80
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER
dialog: Dad?
text: The gentleman hugs her.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE GARDEN - DAY
text: Loner Leader talks to a dog near a kennel, but we can’t hear
text: what’s being said. The rest sit around a large table and
text: drink orange squash. The couples are very tender with each
dialog: other. David checks on Loner Leader from time to time. We
dialog: don't know what connects her to the animal; if it was her
dialog: brother, sister, uncle or just some normal dog. She comes
text: back to the table and sits down.
scene_heading: LONER LEADER'S FATHER
dialog: Will you stay a few days?
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER
dialog: I'm afraid not, Dad. We’re heading
dialog: back again today. Tomorrow I’m
dialog: going away on a business trip. You
dialog: know how demanding my job is, don’t
dialog: ask if I can stay a few days every
dialog: time I come.
scene_heading: LONER LEADER'S FATHER
dialog: Do you all work for the same
dialog: company?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Yes.
scene_heading: LONER LEADER'S FATHER
dialog: My daughter tells me it’s a very
dialog: fine company. Do you agree?
text: David struggles to keep things vague but consistent.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: It’s a rather good company, yes.
dialog: One of the best, I’d say. The only
dialog: problem with the job is that I
dialog: don’t have enough time for my wife
dialog: and kids. We have four beautiful,
dialog: healthy children.
scene_heading: LONER LEADER'S FATHER
dialog: Congratulations.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: But even if we’d never had
dialog: children, I’d never dream of
dialog: leaving my wife.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 81
dialog: 82
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: DAVID (CONT'D)
dialog: Even if it was just the two of us,
dialog: on our own, we’d go on trips, we'd
dialog: go to Portofino in Italy or toa
dialog: Greek island for the summer and so
dialog: our relationship would be as
dialog: intense as it was at the start. I
dialog: love her so much I could die for
dialog: her. That’s how much I love her.
text: He takes Shortsighted Woman’s hand and kisses her on the lips
text: in front of everyone for quite some time.
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN STREET - DAY
text: The two supposed couples walk down the street. David and
text: Shortsighted Woman walk in perfect sync.
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER
dialog: Well done. For your first day in
dialog: town, you did great. That bit about
dialog: holiday destinations in the
dialog: Mediterranean was brilliant.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Thank you very much.
text: They feel proud. Shortsighted Woman tightens her grip on
text: David's hand.
scene_heading: EXT. THE WOODS - MORNING
text: David prepares to hunt rabbits. He sets up rabbit traps using
text: three wooden sticks and a big stone. He joins the sticks
text: together to form the shape of a 4 and then places the stone
text: on the biggest stick. When the rabbit tries to take the bait
text: under the rock, the trigger stick moves and the stone falls
text: on the animal.
speaker_heading: FEMALE V.O.
dialog: You carefully flay the rabbit with
text: a sharp knife and cut off its head.
dialog: You then slice open its belly and
dialog: stuff it with well-washed red and
text: green peppers, not too spicy, and a
dialog: little garlic and mint.
text: We see that David has caught three rabbits. His hands are
text: covered in blood from the slaughtered animals. He puts the
text: dead rabbits in a large sack, dripping with blood.
dialog: 83
dialog: 84
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: FEMALE V.O. (CONT'D)
dialog: You then soak it in lemon juice and
dialog: leave it a while to marinate the
text: flesh, skewer it on a stick and
text: roast it over the fire for about an
dialog: hour. That's my favourite food,
dialog: rabbit.
text: He leaves two of the rabbits beside the sleeping Shortsighted
dialog: Woman.
scene_heading: EXT. THE WOODS - MORNING
text: David sleeps. His digital wristwatch alarm beeps and wakes
text: him up. He turns off the alarm, gets up and goes to the
text: river's edge to wash his face. As he pulls up his shirt
text: sleeves, he sees a phrase written on his hand in biro: “River
text: bank, beside the tree, 11 a.m.” He rubs the note off with
text: water, looking round to see if anyone is watching.
scene_heading: EXT. THE WOODS - MORNING
text: David and Shortsighted Woman sit side by side. In front of
text: them sprawls a seal. It’s the first time they are alone
text: together, so they are both a bit tense. At first they avoid
text: making eye contact and talk with long pauses. He is more shy
dialog: than she is.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: When did you become shortsighted?
speaker_heading: SHORTSIGHTED WOMAN
dialog: When I was 16. You?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: When I was 12.
speaker_heading: SHORTSIGHTED WOMAN
dialog: What make were your first pair of
dialog: glasses?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I don’t remember.
speaker_heading: SHORTSIGHTED WOMAN
dialog: Do you have astigmatism too?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: SHORTSIGHTED WOMAN
dialog: Would you like me to rub some balm
dialog: on your back, on the bits you can’t
dialog: reach on your own?
dialog: 85
dialog: 86
dialog: 87
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I'd like that.
text: Shortsighted Woman takes the jar of Tiger Balm from his bag
text: and rubs it onto his back.
scene_heading: EXT. THE WOODS - EVENING
text: Loner Leader gives the other loners clothes like the ones
text: worn by the hotel guests and a few pistols. She opens the
text: blue folder the Maid gave her. The loners pay close
text: attention. They are silent and highly disciplined.
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER
dialog: Good evening everyone and good
dialog: luck. I hope you can read my
text: handwriting without any trouble.
dialog: The room numbers are as follows.
text: Room 206, couple with nice voices.
dialog: Room 240, couple who both love to
dialog: ski. Room 282, couple who both
dialog: studied, I’m sorry, I can’t quite
dialog: make it out, couple who both
dialog: studied.. I think it’s social
dialog: sciences. Pier, couple prone to
text: nosebleeds.
text: David waits in line. He also takes a set of clothes.
scene_heading: EXT. THE WOODS - EVENING
text: The loners walk through the woods with flashlights. They
text: don’t talk, or if they do they whisper. First in line is
text: Loner Leader. Shortsighted Woman follows. David is last in
text: line. He looks slightly worried.
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL - EVENING
text: The loners open a small gate using the key the maid gave them
text: and enter the hotel gardens. They check to see if there are
text: any waiter guards around and hide behind some bushes. David
text: goes up to Loner Leader.
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER
dialog: You and you take 206, you and you
dialog: take 240, you, you and you take
dialog: 282, you take the pier.
text: David jumps in.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Can I go to the pier?
dialog: 88
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER
dialog: Okay then, you go to the pier and
dialog: you go to 282. We have half an
dialog: hour.
text: The loners split up and head off in different directions.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM 206 - EVENING
text: Loner Leader, Loner Swimmer and Shortsighted Woman stand over
text: a couple naked in bed. Loner Leader speaks to the couple,
text: aiming her gun at them. She takes a look at the note the Maid
dialog: gave her.
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER
dialog: So, you both have nice voices, is
dialog: that right?
scene_heading: MAN WITH A NICE VOICE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER
dialog: Do you prefer singing duets or when
dialog: one of you sings the lead and the
dialog: other does backing vocals?
scene_heading: MAN WITH A NICE VOICE
dialog: Duets, mostly.
text: As the dialogue plays out, Shortsighted Woman picks up a pen,
text: a notebook and two CDs marked BEST LOVE SONGS EVER: VOL. III
text: and slips them into her bag without anyone noticing. Loner
text: Leader addresses the Man With a Nice Voice.
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER
dialog: You, if we kill this woman, do you
dialog: think you'll manage on your own or
dialog: will you get involved with someone
dialog: else?
scene_heading: MAN WITH A NICE VOICE
dialog: I don’t know.
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER
dialog: Do you think this woman can survive
dialog: on her own, or not? What’s your
dialog: opinion?
scene_heading: MAN WITH A NICE VOICE
dialog: If you’re going to kill someone,
dialog: kill me. I love her more than
dialog: anything in the world. If you’re
dialog: going to kill someone, kill me. I
dialog: love her more than anything.
text: Loner Leader now aims her gun at the Woman With a Nice Voice.
dialog: 89
dialog: 90
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER
dialog: If we kill this man, do you think
dialog: you'll manage on your own or will
dialog: you get involved with someone else?
scene_heading: WOMAN WITH A NICE VOICE
dialog: No, I wouldn't get involved with
dialog: anyone else, I'd live alone.
dialog: Without a shadow of a doubt.
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER
dialog: Do you believe this man can make it
dialog: on his own?
scene_heading: WOMAN WITH A NICE VOICE
dialog: No. I can live alone, but he can’t.
dialog: I’m on my own for hours while he’s
dialog: at the pool or at the bar. I like
dialog: sitting in the room, it relaxes me,
dialog: calms me, I like it a lot. I think
dialog: you should kill him. I won’t
dialog: disappoint you.
text: Loner Leader hands the Woman With a Nice Voice the pistol.
text: She’s startled at first. Then she looks at the Man With a
text: Nice Voice in the eyes and mercilessly pulls the trigger.
text: The gun doesn’t fire. It isn’t loaded. The three loners
text: leave them alone together.
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL GROUNDS - EVENING
text: David walks quickly. He holds a tranquilliser gun. He spots
text: hotel signage pointing towards various locations. He stops in
text: front of a sign. It reads “BEACH/PIER/MINI GOLF”.
scene_heading: EXT. PIER - EVENING
text: Two waiters guard the yachts moored at the pier. Automatic
text: rifles are slung across their backs. But they seem relaxed
text: and not very alert. The light is on in one of the three
dialog: yachts.
scene_heading: 30-YEAR-OLD WAITER
dialog: The only thing that troubles me is
dialog: when someone orders something and
dialog: then they insist they ordered
dialog: something else. For example,
dialog: someone says they want an espresso
dialog: and then say they didn’t order an
dialog: espresso but a cappuccino and get
dialog: all rude about it and annoyed. I
dialog: find that quite troubling.
dialog: 91
dialog: 62.
scene_heading: 50-YEAR-OLD WAITER
dialog: In situations like that you need to
dialog: be polite and make them realise
dialog: their mistake. If this gets you
dialog: nowhere then take back their
dialog: espresso and bring them a
dialog: cappuccino, that way you avoid any
dialog: hassle. If the problem doesn’t go
dialog: away, if they use physical violence
dialog: or if they continue to change what
dialog: they asked you for, you just have
dialog: to speak with the manager.
dialog: Understood?
scene_heading: 30-YEAR-OLD WAITER
dialog: Yes.
text: David walks towards them. He hides the tranquilliser gun
text: behind his back.
scene_heading: 50-YEAR-OLD WAITER
dialog: Room number and reason for being
dialog: out, please.
text: David swiftly shoots them both with the tranquilliser gun.
text: They fall down unconscious.
scene_heading: INT. YACHT - EVENING
text: David climbs aboard the yacht. He carefully looks through the
text: cabin window. Limping Man and Nosebleed Woman wear identical
text: nautical striped outfits. His is stained with blood. Their
text: child, Elizabeth, also sits with them.
speaker_heading: LIMPING MAN
dialog: A basketball weighs between 550 and
dialog: 650 grams. Did you know that?
speaker_heading: NOSEBLEED WOMAN
dialog: No, I didn’t know that.
speaker_heading: LIMPING MAN
dialog: Yes. It’s weight is different for
dialog: men’s and women’s games, but that’s
dialog: roughly how much they weigh. Do you
dialog: know how much a volleyball weighs?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: No, but I’d love to find out.
text: David startles them, appearing behind the little girl. He
text: sits down beside them at the table and places the gun next to
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Good evening.
dialog: 92
dialog: 63.
text: He takes a glass from in front of Limping Man and the knife
text: from next to the little girl’s plate and taps the glass with
dialog: the knife.
speaker_heading: DAVID (CONT'D)
dialog: I have an announcement to make. His
dialog: nose doesn’t really bleed on its
text: own. He bangs it against a wall or
dialog: a piece of wood or some other hard
text: surface, or else he cuts it with a
dialog: pen knife while you aren’t looking.
dialog: So the answer to the question “Are
dialog: you suited?” is 100% “No, you're
dialog: not”.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Shut up. Dad, tell him to leave.
dialog: I’m sleepy.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I’m sure that the stain on his t-
dialog: shirt is not blood but cherry juice
dialog: or tomato ketchup or red
dialog: watercolour paint or something like
dialog: that.
text: Limping Man and Nosebleed Woman get up and start to hit him.
text: One holds him down while the other kicks him. David drops the
dialog: knife.
speaker_heading: DAVID (CONT'D)
dialog: Or beetroot juice.
text: Elizabeth grabs the knife from the floor.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Kill him. Mum, here’s the knife.
dialog: Kill him.
text: Limping man pushes David out of the cabin.
speaker_heading: LIMPING MAN
dialog: Get out of here while you still
dialog: can.
text: David looks at them with a weird mix of shame and contempt
text: and then leaves. The hotel alarm sounds from the yacht’s
text: speakers. He jumps to the pier and starts to run towards the
text: fence where the others are waiting for him. Shortsighted
text: Woman smiles slightly the moment she sees him returning safe.
scene_heading: EXT. THE WOODS - EVENING
text: The loners dance, everyone on their own. Electronic music
text: plays. David does not dance. He tries to find Shortsighted
text: Woman amongst the others. He sees her but before he has time
text: to approach her, Loner Leader goes up to David.
dialog: 93
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER
dialog: Why aren’t you dancing?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: My leg hurts a little.
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER
dialog: Did you dig your own grave?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Not yet.
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER
dialog: I don’t mean to pressure you, or to
dialog: ruin the mood now that we’re
text: celebrating, but at some point
dialog: you'll have to do it. Don’t expect
dialog: anyone else to dig your grave for
dialog: you, or to carry your corpse. We’1ll
dialog: throw some dirt over you but that’s
dialog: about it. Tomorrow find a spot you
dialog: like where the ground isn’t too
dialog: rocky and make a start. Enjoy the
dialog: rest of your evening.
scene_heading: EXT. THE WOODS - DAY
text: David spies another loner taking rabbits to Shortsighted
text: Woman. She smiles and says something to RABBIT LONER, who
text: then says something back. It must have been something very
text: funny because he laughs loudly then waves her goodbye and
text: leaves. As soon as Rabbit Loner is gone, David goes up to
text: her. He’s obviously upset but tries to hide it.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Did you catch rabbits?
speaker_heading: SHORTSIGHTED WOMAN
dialog: No, someone brought me them.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: SHORTSIGHTED WOMAN
dialog: A friend of mine. You want one?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: SHORTSIGHTED WOMAN
dialog: You're jealous?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: No, I’m not jealous. It’s just you
dialog: don’t need to accept rabbits from
dialog: other people.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: DAVID (CONT'D)
dialog: If you need more rabbits, just tell
dialog: me and I'll bring you more.
dialog: Catching a rabbit is difficult, but
dialog: I’ll try harder. There’s no need
dialog: for you to be indebted to the
dialog: others.
speaker_heading: SHORTSIGHTED WOMAN
dialog: Thank you very much.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: That man who brought you the
dialog: rabbits, is he shortsighted?
speaker_heading: SHORTSIGHTED WOMAN
dialog: I don’t know. I don’t think so.
scene_heading: 94 EXT. THE WOODS - DAY
text: David goes up to Rabbit Loner who’s shaving his face in the
text: river. He stares at him for a while then speaks loudly.
speaker_heading: DAVID
text: Afternoon. Is that a sparrow up in
dialog: that tree?
speaker_heading: RABBIT LONER
dialog: I can’t really see that far, but I
dialog: don’t think so.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Are you shortsighted?
speaker_heading: RABBIT LONER
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: You're lying.
speaker_heading: RABBIT LONER
dialog: It’s the truth.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: What does it say here?
text: David shows him the zip on his jacket.
speaker_heading: RABBIT LONER
speaker_heading: YKK.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: You knew that already. All zips say
dialog: the same thing.
dialog: 95
dialog: 96
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: RABBIT LONER
dialog: I’m not shortsighted. I don’t
dialog: understand why you won't believe
dialog: me. I can see very clearly. I used
dialog: to be a pilot.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: You're wearing contact lenses.
speaker_heading: RABBIT LONER
dialog: I’m not wearing contact lenses. I’m
dialog: not shortsighted, I swear.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: You are. You think I’m an idiot and
dialog: can’t tell.
text: David hits him, kicks him and pins him down. He pulls open
text: his eyelids.
speaker_heading: DAVID (CONT'D)
dialog: Look up. I said, look up.
text: Rabbit Loner obeys. David fingers his eyeballs to check
text: whether he’s wearing contact lenses or not.
speaker_heading: DAVID (CONT'D)
text: Now down. Left and right.
text: David gets up. Rabbit Loner stays down on the ground.
speaker_heading: DAVID (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m sorry. I thought you were
dialog: trying to fool me. I’m sorry.
scene_heading: EXT. THE WOODS - DAY
text: David and Shortsighted Woman put CDs into their portable
text: players. Beside them stands a pony, it might be that girl
text: from the hotel.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: We need to concentrate, we both
dialog: have to press play at the same
dialog: time. I’1l1 count down from five and
dialog: we’ll push the button on zero.
dialog: Five, four, three, two, one, zero.
text: The both push their buttons and dance in each other’s arms.
text: We hear the same song playing twice, overlaid, the two
text: streams a little out of sync.
scene_heading: EXT. THE WOODS - MORNING
text: During the voice over, we see various scenes from the lives
dialog: of the loners.
dialog: 97
dialog: 67.
text: Loners watching a dog attacking a seal in the middle of the
text: woods, a loner fighting with another loner, a loner lying
text: dead, loners washing themselves in the river, Loner Leader
text: feeding the pig.
speaker_heading: FEMALE V.O.
dialog: We've developed a code so that we
dialog: can communicate with each other,
text: even in front of the others,
dialog: without them knowing what we are
dialog: saying. A handstand means “I miss
dialog: you so much”. When we turn our
dialog: heads to the left it means “I love
dialog: you more than anything in the
dialog: world” and when we turn our heads
dialog: to the right it means “Watch out,
dialog: we're in danger.” We had to be very
dialog: careful in the beginning not to mix
dialog: up “I love you more than anything
dialog: in the world” with “Watch out,
dialog: we're in danger.” When we raise our
dialog: left arm it means “I want to dance
dialog: in your arms”. When we make a fist
dialog: and put it behind our backs it
dialog: means “Let’s fuck, I’m horny”. The
dialog: code grew more and more as time
dialog: went by and within a few weeks we
dialog: could talk about almost anything
dialog: without even opening our mouths.
dialog: About history, music, our
dialog: childhood, everything.
scene_heading: INT. LONER LEADER'S PARENTS’ HOUSE - MORNING
text: Loner Leader, Loner Swimmer (her supposed husband), her
text: father and her mother, sit on the sofa. They all seem
text: relaxed, they’ve been drinking and they’re enjoying the
text: stories told by the elderly couple. David and Shortsighted
text: Woman sit in a corner.
scene_heading: LONER LEADER'S FATHER
dialog: I met your mother when we were at
dialog: school. We were both top of the
dialog: class in music. I was a little
dialog: better than her on the guitar
dialog: because my fingers are longer and
dialog: stronger, which is very important
dialog: when playing chords. She was better
dialog: at singing. We began meeting to
dialog: study together. We became a couple
text: just a month before leaving school.
dialog: If we’d waited one more month, we’d
dialog: have been sent to the hotel. Can
dialog: you imagine?
dialog: 98
dialog: 99
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: LONER SWIMMER
dialog: Let’s not talk about unpleasant
dialog: things. I can’t wait for you both
dialog: to play us some music.
text: Loner Leader's father begins to play the guitar. Her mother,
text: sitting beside him, begins to sing. David kisses Shortsighted
text: Woman on the hand. She begins to stroke his hair and then
text: french kisses him for a long time. Loner Leader, annoyed,
text: slaps them.
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER
dialog: That’s enough. Show my parents some
dialog: respect, they’re playing you music.
scene_heading: LONER LEADER'S MOTHER
dialog: That’s okay.
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER
dialog: No mother, it is not okay. Please,
dialog: continue.
scene_heading: LONER LEADER'S MOTHER
dialog: Do you want us to perform the same
dialog: song, or something else?
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER
dialog: Something else.
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN STREET - MORNING
text: Loner Leader and Loner Swimmer go on ahead. David and
text: Shortsighted Woman follow behind. They regret being so
text: intimate at the gathering. David tries to read Loner Leader,
text: to figure out if she suspects them or not.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: We were great today, weren’t we?
dialog: Maybe even better than last time.
text: Loner Leader says nothing. They walk quickly.
speaker_heading: DAVID (CONT'D)
dialog: Didn't her parents sing and play
dialog: beautifully?
speaker_heading: SHORTSIGHTED WOMAN
dialog: It was wonderful.
text: David and Shortsighted Woman smile but seem worried.
scene_heading: EXT. THE WOODS - MORNING
text: The loners eat fruit together. Loner Leader hands out
text: bananas. They sit around a tree trunk. David covers his left
text: eye with his hand. Shortsighted Woman does a handstand.
dialog: 100
dialog: 69.
text: All part of their secret code that nobody else understands. A
text: pink flamingo stands in the distance.
scene_heading: EXT. THE WOODS - EVENING
text: A LONER WOMAN reads from a notebook. Her voice is that of the
dialog: female V.O. we’ve heard throughout the story. Loner Leader
text: listens beside her.
speaker_heading: LONER NARRATOR
dialog: “We love each other and we suit
dialog: each other. That’s the reason why
dialog: we've decided to leave and stay
text: together forever in the town.
dialog: Tomorrow, during the hunt, we're
dialog: going to disappear and everyone
dialog: will think we’ve been captured and
dialog: that we’re going to be turned into
dialog: dogs or canaries or something. I
dialog: think the first thing I’m going to
dialog: do when I get into town is buy a
dialog: bathrobe and then we’ll go to a
text: pool with a high diving board
dialog: perfect for diving. And we'll do
dialog: lots of different things together,
dialog: serious things not silly ones, like
dialog: go for walks in the park or play
text: the guitar together”. That’s where
text: it ends. There are some notes at
dialog: the back but I don’t think they’re
dialog: important.
text: Loner Leader stands perfectly still. She seems shocked and
text: enraged even though she kind of suspected it.
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER
dialog: Read me the notes.
speaker_heading: LONER NARRATOR
dialog: “Portofino: Italian fishing village
dialog: and upmarket resort famous for its
dialog: picturesque harbour. Population:
dialog: 439. Beaches nearby: Paraggi Beach,
text: Camogli, Chiavari and Lavagna.
dialog: Serifos: Greek island located in
dialog: the western Cyclades. Population:
dialog: 1,414. The Miners’ Strike of 1916.
dialog: In the 20th century, the mines of
dialog: Serifos were exploited by the
dialog: mining company “Société miniére
dialog: Sérifos-Spiliazeza” under the
dialog: direction of the German
dialog: mineralogist A. Grohmann, who died
dialog: in 1905”.
dialog: 101
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER
dialog: That’s enough. Where did you find
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: LONER NARRATOR
text: In the woods. Someone probably
dialog: dropped it during the hunt. Do you
dialog: think it belongs to one of us?
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER
dialog: No. One of the hotel guests must
dialog: have dropped it. None of us would
dialog: have written such drivel.
text: She takes the notebook and leaves.
scene_heading: EXT. THE WOODS - EVENING
text: Loner Leader goes up to Shortsighted Woman. She’s reading a
text: book by torchlight. Loner Leader sits next to her and talks
text: to her in a really friendly tone of voice.
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER
dialog: You're reading?
speaker_heading: SHORTSIGHTED WOMAN
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER
dialog: Wouldn't it be amazing if you could
dialog: read without the help of glasses or
dialog: contacts?
speaker_heading: SHORTSIGHTED WOMAN
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER
dialog: I'd like to ask you a favour.
speaker_heading: SHORTSIGHTED WOMAN
dialog: What sort of favour?
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER
dialog: Do you have a sheet of white paper,
dialog: by any chance? I want to make a
dialog: list of the stuff we need from town
dialog: and there’s no paper left in my
dialog: notebook.
text: Shortsighted Woman looks in her backpack for her notebook.
text: She starts rummaging, distressed.
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER (CONT’D)
dialog: It’s fine if you don’t have any.
dialog: I’1l ask someone else.
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: SHORTSIGHTED WOMAN
dialog: But I do. I’m sure I have a
text: notebook with white pages, it’s in
dialog: here somewhere, I’m sure of it.
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER
dialog: Don’t worry. It doesn’t matter.
dialog: Tomorrow when we go into town I’1l
dialog: make a note to buy you a new one.
text: Loner Leader tenderly touches Shortsighted Woman on her
text: shoulder and leaves.
scene_heading: 102 INT. DOCTOR’S SURGERY WAITING ROOM - MORNING
text: Loner Leader, Loner Narrator and Shortsighted Woman are in a
text: waiting room. The three women are seated on a sofa. There is
text: a coffee table with past issues of various magazines in front
text: of them. Loner Narrator reads one of these magazines.
speaker_heading: SHORTSIGHTED WOMAN
dialog: It’s very dangerous for three women
dialog: to be alone in town together. It’s
dialog: highly likely the doctor will
dialog: suspect us. I suggest we leave the
dialog: first chance we get. Right now, in
dialog: fact.
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER
dialog: Don’t be afraid. No-one will
dialog: suspect a thing. I bet you weren’t
dialog: expecting this surprise. Isn’t it
dialog: wonderful?
speaker_heading: SHORTSIGHTED WOMAN
dialog: Yes, it is. Still, I’d like to
dialog: think it over for a few days, and
dialog: maybe I‘1ll have the surgery done
dialog: when we're next in town.
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER
dialog: What’s there to think about? If
dialog: it’s better to see clearly or to be
dialog: shortsighted, is that it? That’s
dialog: absurd, you know that. Anyway, this
dialog: doctor is the best there is, it’s
dialog: really very difficult to get an
dialog: appointment. I called him months
dialog: ago to get him to see you today.
text: A SECRETARY goes up to them and shows them the door to the
dialog: doctor’s office.
dialog: 103
dialog: 104
dialog: 105
dialog: 106
dialog: 72.
scene_heading: INT. DOCTOR’S OFFICE - MORNING
text: The DOCTOR sits behind his desk. Loner Leader and
text: Shortsighted Woman sit in two chairs opposite him. This is a
text: typical doctor’s office: big wooden bookcase, a mix of old-
text: fashioned and modern furniture, some framed prints of famous
text: paintings. The doctor’s hands are shiny and clean, like the
dialog: hands of most doctors.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: This operation is what we call
text: “routine surgery”. It has a 90%
dialog: success rate, so there’s no need to
dialog: worry. There are no scalpels
dialog: involved, the entire procedure is
dialog: done by laser. There’s no reason
dialog: why you shouldn’t see clearly when
dialog: you're swimming in the sea or when
dialog: you first wake up in the morning.
dialog: Contact lens solution, contact lens
dialog: cases, eyeglasses, all that will be
dialog: a thing of the past.
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER
dialog: Thank you very much, doctor.
text: Shortsighted woman doesn’t speak. She makes quite an effort
text: to appear happy but doesn’t make a very good job of it.
scene_heading: INT. OPERATING THEATRE - MORNING
text: Shortsighted Woman lies frightened on an operating table. She
text: looks around, sweating. The Doctor anaesthetises her by
text: intravenous injection. He then lays out various scalpels on a
text: metal tray.
scene_heading: INT. DOCTOR'S SURGERY WAITING ROOM - DAY
text: Loner Leader sits and waits. The Doctor brings out
text: Shortsighted Woman, whose eyes are bandaged up. Loner
text: Narrator approaches Shortsighted Woman and gives her a hug.
text: She then puts her jacket over Shortsighted Woman’s shoulders
text: and fixes her hair with her hands. Loner Leader pays the
dialog: Doctor. He has a quiet word with Loner Leader but we cannot
text: hear what he says very clearly.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: (whispers )
dialog: She is blind, as you wished.
scene_heading: EXT. THE WOODS - DAY
text: Shortsighted Woman, kneeling on the ground, holds a knife. It
text: looks like there’s just been a fight. She’s flushed red.
dialog: 73.
text: Unable to see, her eyes still bandaged up, Shortsighted Woman
text: threatens anyone who might be close to her with her knife.
text: Loner Leader and Loner Narrator keep their distance.
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER
dialog: Throw down your knife and stand up.
speaker_heading: SHORTSIGHTED WOMAN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER
dialog: You're being completely irrational.
dialog: I understand you’re upset by the
dialog: unexpected results but to accuse me
dialog: is very insulting to say the least.
dialog: The doctor said there were some
dialog: unforeseen complications after your
dialog: surgery. That is all. Who would
dialog: have guessed such a simple
dialog: procedure could have such
dialog: catastrophic results? No one.
dialog: Anyway, what reason could I
dialog: possibly have had to do such a
dialog: hideous thing on purpose?
speaker_heading: SHORTSIGHTED WOMAN
dialog: Why did you have to blind me? You
dialog: could have blinded him.
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER
dialog: I have no idea what you’re talking
text: about. The drugs are messing with
dialog: your head. If I were you, I’d try
dialog: and be a little braver about the
dialog: whole thing. Now get up and give me
dialog: the knife, or I’1l hit you and take
dialog: it by force.
text: Shortsighted Woman says nothing. She’s still holding the
text: knife in a threatening manner.
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER (CONT’D)
dialog: Here I come.
text: Loner Leader signals to Loner Narrator, who goes over to
text: Shortsighted Woman. She grabs the hand holding the knife and
text: they begin to fight. Loner Leader speaks close to Loner
text: Narrator’s head, so that the Shortsighted Woman, who is now
text: blind, thinks she’s wrestling with Loner Leader.
speaker_heading: SHORTSIGHTED WOMAN
dialog: I swear I’m going to kill you.
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER
dialog: No, don’t, please. Let go of my
dialog: hair, you're hurting me.
dialog: 74.
text: Shortsighted Woman has grabbed Loner Narrator by the hair and
text: now stabs her in the stomach. Loner Leader stays close so
text: that it seems it’s really her fighting Shortsighted Woman and
text: groans in pain with each stab.
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER (CONT’D)
dialog: Have mercy, please, [groans] don’t
dialog: kill me. Just think [groans] that
dialog: when someone [groans] goes blind,
dialog: one of their other senses [groans]
dialog: is heightened. Touch, hearing,
dialog: smell [groans]. You’1ll smell
dialog: better, hear better. You’1ll feel
dialog: things with your fingers and know
dialog: what it is you’re touching
dialog: [groans].
text: Silence. Loner Narrator has been dead some time now.
text: Shortsighted Woman raises herself up a little. She feels out
text: the dead woman’s body with her hands and takes her pulse. She
text: puts down the bloody knife, wipes her hands and gets up. That
text: is when Loner Leader begins her monologue again. Shortsighted
text: Woman jumps in fear.
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER (CONT’D)
dialog: You could also catch a dog in the
dialog: woods and train it to guide you.
dialog: Dogs can do that, you know. I’1l
dialog: help you catch a dog myself. Now
dialog: that I think of it, your sense of
dialog: touch may already be heightened.
dialog: Let’s find out right now. I’1l put
dialog: something in your hand and you tell
dialog: me what it is. Okay?
text: Loner Leader gives her something and closes her hand around
dialog: it tight.
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER (CONT’D)
dialog: Make a fist. Feel what it is, feel
dialog: its shape. It’s not difficult.
text: Shortsighted Woman falls down and screams. Loner Leader
text: continues to squeeze her fist.
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER (CONT’D)
dialog: What is it? What is it? I’1ll give
dialog: you a little more time to guess but
dialog: I can’t wait much longer. What is
dialog: it?
text: Shortsighted Woman screams. Loner Leader lets go of her hand.
text: She opens her fist and her palm is covered blood.
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER (CONT’D)
dialog: Time’s up. It’s a small razor
dialog: blade.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER (CONT’D)
dialog: It seems your sense of touch hasn’t
dialog: improved yet but it’1ll happen,
dialog: you'll see. Now get up. If you
dialog: carry on acting like this I’m going
dialog: to leave you here and I don’t think
dialog: you'll manage to find meeting point
dialog: two on your own.
scene_heading: 107 EXT. THE WOODS - DAY
text: David meets with Shortsighted Woman. She sits on a rock. She
text: has taken the bandages off and wears sunglasses. She tries to
dialog: act calm.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Did you have a nice time in town?
speaker_heading: SHORTSIGHTED WOMAN
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: What happened to your hand?
speaker_heading: SHORTSIGHTED WOMAN
dialog: I was cutting a tree branch with a
dialog: knife, and cut myself by accident.
dialog: You look handsome today. Did you
dialog: get your hair cut?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Thank you. No, I didn’t get a
dialog: haircut, I’m going to have my hair
dialog: cut today. Look what I brought you.
speaker_heading: SHORTSIGHTED WOMAN
dialog: Thank you very much. I’m so hungry,
dialog: I'll eat it right away.
text: David is momentarily puzzled.
speaker_heading: DAVID
text: It’s a bigger flashlight.
speaker_heading: SHORTSIGHTED WOMAN
dialog: I'm sorry, it’s so big I thought it
dialog: was a rabbit. It’s the biggest
dialog: flashlight I’ve ever seen.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Are you ready for tonight?
text: Shortsighted Woman decides to drop her act.
speaker_heading: SHORTSIGHTED WOMAN
dialog: Of course I am. I want to tell you
dialog: something but please don’t get
dialog: angry.
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: SHORTSIGHTED WOMAN
text: I can’t see a thing. I’m blind.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: SHORTSIGHTED WOMAN
dialog: There’s no point lying to you,
dialog: you'll find out sooner or later.
dialog: I've lost my sight. Loner Leader
dialog: blinded me this morning, in town.
dialog: She must have realised that I love
dialog: you and you love me and that we
dialog: were going to leave for the town.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: How did she find out?
speaker_heading: SHORTSIGHTED WOMAN
dialog: I don’t know. I think she found my
dialog: notebook.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: What notebook?
speaker_heading: SHORTSIGHTED WOMAN
dialog: My notebook. I had a notebook,
dialog: where I'd write my thoughts about
dialog: us, about how suited we are. I’m
dialog: sorry.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: You can’t see at all?
speaker_heading: SHORTSIGHTED WOMAN
dialog: No, not at all.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: And when you asked if I’d had a
dialog: haircut?
speaker_heading: SHORTSIGHTED WOMAN
dialog: I said it so you wouldn’t realise I
dialog: can’t see. I’m sorry.
text: David kicks some dirt. He seems frustrated and disappointed.
text: He turns towards Shortsighted Woman.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Don’t cry. Crying will make your
dialog: eyes hurt even more. We’ll find a
dialog: way.
dialog: 108
dialog: 109
dialog: 77.
scene_heading: EXT. THE WOODS - NIGHT
text: Some loners sleep, others listen to music around a battery-
text: operated lantern. David lies on the ground and seems very
text: sad. Loner Leader goes up to David, holding a pig on a leash.
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER
dialog: I’m going to hunt for truffles. Do
dialog: you want to come and keep me
dialog: company?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I’m a little sleepy.
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER
dialog: We won’t be long. I’ve found a spot
dialog: where there are lots of them. We
dialog: won't be long, I promise. Come on.
text: David gets up.
scene_heading: EXT. THE WOODS - NIGHT
text: David and Loner Leader walk through the woods holding
text: flashlights. David looks scared. He doesn’t know if he’s
text: about to be punished as well.
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER
dialog: Thanks for coming with me.
dialog: Something terrible happened today
dialog: and I needed some company.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER
dialog: Didn't you hear what happened in
dialog: town?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER
dialog: Shortsighted Woman had an operation
dialog: and went blind. It’s so very sad.
dialog: And then my deputy leader was
dialog: killed on our way back. She was
dialog: attacked by a jaguar. I’m really
dialog: very upset because I was thinking
dialog: of making Shortsighted Woman deputy
dialog: leader as she’s very capable and
dialog: loyal. But then I gave it some
dialog: thought and realised that now it
dialog: will be difficult for her to
dialog: command so many people. The next
dialog: person I thought could take on such
dialog: a responsibility is you.
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Thank you very much.
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER
dialog: Don’t thank me. I trust you
dialog: completely and I consider you one
dialog: of the best loners I’ve seen in
dialog: years. I know you won't disappoint
dialog: me in any way. If something happens
dialog: to me, you will take over. Take a
dialog: few days to think about it and let
dialog: me know when you’re ready. Here’s
dialog: the place with the truffles. You
dialog: can’t imagine how many there are. I
dialog: wanted you to come with me and see
dialog: it for yourself. If you become
dialog: deputy leader, you’ll need to know
dialog: where in the woods you can find
text: lots of truffles.
scene_heading: EXT. THE WOODS - MORNING
text: Shortsighted Woman lies under a tree. David stands beside her
text: holding four carrots and a fish. Apparently he’s decided not
dialog: to give up yet.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: What blood type are you?
speaker_heading: SHORTSIGHTED WOMAN
dialog: B.
text: David thinks some more.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Do you like berries? Blueberries?
dialog: Blackberries?
speaker_heading: SHORTSIGHTED WOMAN
dialog: No, no.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Can you play the piano?
speaker_heading: SHORTSIGHTED WOMAN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Do you speak German?
speaker_heading: SHORTSIGHTED WOMAN
dialog: No.
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I could teach you German but it
dialog: would take at least a year for you
dialog: to be able to speak the basics, not
dialog: fluently. So there’s no point. You
dialog: know, German is one of the most
dialog: difficult languages in the world to
dialog: learn because its grammar is very
dialog: complicated.
text: David wakes up, terrified.
scene_heading: EXT. THE WOODS, MIDDAY
text: Shortsighted Woman lies under a tree. David goes up to her
text: holding four carrots and a fish. He looks at her, a little
text: lost in thought.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: What blood type are you?
speaker_heading: SHORTSIGHTED WOMAN
dialog: B.
text: David thinks some more.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Do you like berries? Blueberries?
dialog: Blackberries?
speaker_heading: SHORTSIGHTED WOMAN
dialog: No, no.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Can you play the piano?
speaker_heading: SHORTSIGHTED WOMAN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Do you speak German?
speaker_heading: SHORTSIGHTED WOMAN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I could teach you German but it
dialog: would take at least a year for you
dialog: to be able to speak the basics, not
dialog: fluently. So there’s no point. You
dialog: know, German is one of the most
dialog: difficult languages in the world to
dialog: learn because its grammar is very
dialog: complicated.
dialog: 112
dialog: 113
scene_heading: EXT. THE WOODS - MORNING
text: David hands Shortsighted Woman a plastic cup. She
text: with her fingers.
speaker_heading: SHORTSIGHTED WOMAN
text: A plastic cup.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: That's right. Very good.
text: He then hands her a tennis ball.
speaker_heading: SHORTSIGHTED WOMAN
dialog: A kiwi.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: That's right. Ten out of ten,
dialog: again.
text: She smiles.
speaker_heading: DAVID (CONT'D)
text: I'm making a fist behind my back.
text: Shortsighted Woman now becomes serious.
speaker_heading: SHORTSIGHTED WOMAN
dialog: That can’t happen. I can’t thank
dialog: you enough for keeping me company,
dialog: for the games and activities but
dialog: you know we can’t do that any more.
dialog: Do you want to play another round
dialog: of “touch-think-guess-win"?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: No, that’s enough for today. In any
dialog: case, I’ve run out of things to
dialog: test you with. Maybe tomorrow, or
dialog: one of these days.
speaker_heading: SHORTSIGHTED WOMAN
dialog: Tomorrow morning?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: We'll see.
scene_heading: EXT. THE WOODS - DAY
dialog: 80.
dialog: feels it
text: David sings a duet written for a man and a woman all on his
text: own. He only sings the male part and leaves out the female
text: part. A rabbit comes up close to him. David looks
dialog: at it but
text: does not kill it. He has no reason to hunt rabbits anymore.
text: The rabbit hops off.
dialog: 81.
scene_heading: 114 EXT. THE WOODS - DAY
text: David walks through the woods with Loner Leader. He stops at
text: some point and looks around.
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER
dialog: How do you like this place here?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: It’s nice.
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER
dialog: It is nice, and more importantly
dialog: very quiet because of the rocks you
dialog: have to climb to get here. Can you
dialog: imagine why I brought you to such a
dialog: quiet place today?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER
dialog: Because I think it’s the perfect
dialog: spot for your grave. It was my
dialog: second choice for my own grave, but
dialog: in the end I decided on a place a
dialog: little to the north of here because
dialog: there are fewer dogs around there,
dialog: digging all the time for bones.
text: She takes a small pickaxe from her pocket and gives it to
text: him. David starts to dig. After a while he gets tired and
text: stops. He’s only managed to dig a small hole. He climbs into
text: it but his whole body won’t fit. He tries to fit as best he
dialog: can.
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER (CONT’D)
dialog: You have to make it bigger so
dialog: you'll fit better. As I said, there
dialog: are a lot of dogs around here. Now
dialog: cover yourself with soil. Use your
dialog: hands.
text: He scoops some soil onto his body and sits there a little,
dialog: motionless.
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER (CONT’D)
dialog: Over your face too. You wouldn’t
dialog: want your face to get eaten, would
dialog: you?
text: David puts more soil over his face and body. He seems
dialog: terrified.
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER (CONT’D)
dialog: Can you see how great this spot is?
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Yes. Thank you very much.
text: Loner leader cuts a flower and puts it on David’s grave.
speaker_heading: LONER LEADER
dialog: If you die before me, I’1l visit
dialog: you as often I can. I promise.
text: David stays motionless.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - MORNING
text: David walks in the forest and comes across a pony. The animal
text: is probably the woman with the nice hair at the hotel,
text: Nosebleed Woman’s Best Friend. David stares at the pony with
text: a mixture of confusion and anger. His face is still full of
dialog: dirt.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Hi, how are you? It’s very nice
dialog: meeting you again.
text: He cuts the pony’s mane with a pair of scissors. The animal
text: stands still. He then looks the pony in the eye and hits it
text: across the face.
speaker_heading: DAVID (CONT'D)
dialog: How do you like my hair now?
scene_heading: EXT. THE WOODS, MORNING
text: Shortsighted Woman and two other loners are down on their
text: knees trying to set a rabbit trap. David approaches them.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Good afternoon.
speaker_heading: SHORTSIGHTED WOMAN
dialog: How are you?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Fine.
speaker_heading: SHORTSIGHTED WOMAN
dialog: I’m hungry. You haven’t brought me
dialog: a rabbit in days. Or things for me
dialog: to touch and guess.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I’ve got good news. I’ve had a
dialog: great idea. Have you got a minute?
speaker_heading: SHORTSIGHTED WOMAN
dialog: What sort of idea?
dialog: 83.
text: David takes Shortsighted Woman aside and describes his idea
text: to her using the physical code they’ve developed between
text: them, but now describing the movements to her orally.
speaker_heading: DAVID
text: I raise my left foot. I bring my
text: elbow to my knee and tap it twice.
text: I bring my foot to my knee and tap
text: it three times. I lie face down.
text: I kneel down. I touch my left cheek
text: and then lie face up.
text: Shortsighted Woman thinks for a minute.
speaker_heading: SHORTSIGHTED WOMAN
dialog: Are you sure you are prepared to do
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: It’s the only way.
text: She doesn’t speak.
speaker_heading: DAVID (CONT'D)
dialog: Yes, of course I am. I wouldn’t
dialog: propose it if I wasn’t.
speaker_heading: SHORTSIGHTED WOMAN
dialog: When?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Tomorrow morning?
speaker_heading: SHORTSIGHTED WOMAN
dialog: Tomorrow morning.
text: David leaves. Shortsighted woman smiles but seems unsure at
dialog: the same time.
scene_heading: EXT. THE WOODS - NIGHT
text: David attacks a woman in the dark. He hits her. She falls
text: unconscious and we see the face of Loner Leader. He takes a
text: roll of gaffer tape from his pocket, ties her up and gags her
text: mouth. He then drags her away.
scene_heading: EXT. THE WOODS - NIGHT
text: Loner Leader, tied up, lies in David's freshly dug grave.
text: Dogs circle the shallow pit. Loner Leader tries in vain to
text: cut herself loose.
dialog: 120
dialog: 84.
scene_heading: EXT. THE WOODS - MORNING
text: David and Shortsighted Woman walk quickly, as if running with
text: very small steps. David walks a little ahead, and
text: Shortsighted Woman holds his hand and follows behind. They
text: are wearing their civilian clothes but David’s suit doesn’t
text: fit him very well. It’s a little tight. They talk as they
dialog: walk.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Are you thirsty?
speaker_heading: SHORTSIGHTED WOMAN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: It’s not much farther. I can
text: already see the buildings.
text: There are no buildings in sight yet.
speaker_heading: SHORTSIGHTED WOMAN
dialog: That’s perfect.
text: Shortsighted Woman continues to walk, a little faster now.
speaker_heading: SHORTSIGHTED WOMAN (CONT’D)
dialog: We should speed up a little bit.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: These trousers are too tight. I’m
dialog: sorry. It was dark and I couldn’t
dialog: see clearly and I didn’t have the
dialog: time to try them on. I’m sorry.
speaker_heading: SHORTSIGHTED WOMAN
dialog: Never mind.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN ROAD - MIDDAY
text: David and Shortsighted Woman come out of the woods and onto
text: the road. They walk more slowly now. David hears a noise. He
text: turns and sees a vehicle coming in the distance. He pulls
text: Shortsighted Woman off the road and they hide in some bushes.
text: The vehicle passes them. It is the hotel coach heading into
dialog: town.
speaker_heading: DAVID
text: It’s gone. They didn’t see us.
speaker_heading: SHORTSIGHTED WOMAN
dialog: I'm a little hungry. If you see a
dialog: rabbit, kill it and we’ll eat.
dialog: 121
dialog: 122
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: We don’t have time to hunt. We’1ll
dialog: eat when we get into town.
dialog: Everything has to happen as we
dialog: said, without delay, without
dialog: wasting time for no reason. We have
dialog: to reach the restaurant before rush
dialog: hour. It'll be much easier if there
dialog: aren't lots of people coming and
text: going in the toilets.
speaker_heading: SHORTSIGHTED WOMAN
dialog: Have you decided how you’re going
dialog: to do it?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: SHORTSIGHTED WOMAN
dialog: Alright. Let’s not waste any more
dialog: time talking. Let’s go.
text: They get up and head off again down the road.
scene_heading: Iv. THE TOWN
scene_heading: INT. TOWN RESTAURANT - DAY
text: David and Shortsighted Woman sit at a table. There aren't
text: many people in the restaurant, just another couple sitting a
text: few tables further back. In front of them are two glasses of
text: water. They are silent.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: Profile.
text: Shortsighted Woman turns her head to the left, holds it
text: there, then turns it to the right and holds it there.
speaker_heading: DAVID (CONT'D)
text: Fingers.
text: Shortsighted Woman shows him her fingers. David looks at them
dialog: carefully.
speaker_heading: DAVID (CONT'D)
dialog: Elbows.
text: Shortsighted Woman pulls up her sleeves and shows him her
dialog: elbows.
speaker_heading: SHORTSIGHTED WOMAN
dialog: Would you like me to show you my
dialog: belly?
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: No, I remember your belly very
dialog: well. Smile.
text: Shortsighted Woman smiles. She holds the smile for a long
text: time. David signals to a RESTAURANT WAITER. The waiter comes
text: to their table.
speaker_heading: DAVID (CONT'D)
dialog: Can I have a knife and fork,
dialog: please? Not a butter knife. A steak
dialog: knife.
scene_heading: RESTAURANT WAITER
dialog: Certainly.
text: The waiter brings him a knife and fork wrapped in a napkin.
text: David examines both pieces of cutlery. He takes the knife and
text: wraps the fork back up in the napkin.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I’m going to do it with a knife.
speaker_heading: SHORTSIGHTED WOMAN
dialog: Do you want me to come with you?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I'd rather you didn’t.
speaker_heading: SHORTSIGHTED WOMAN
dialog: Don’t worry. It’s strange at first
dialog: but you get used to it. And your
dialog: other senses are heightened. Touch,
dialog: for example. Your hearing.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: I know.
text: David gets up from his chair. He heads towards the toilets.
scene_heading: 123 INT. TOWN RESTAURANT TOILETS - DAY
text: David pulls lots of paper towels out of the dispenser. He
text: tucks them into his shirt collar and lays them over his
text: shoulders to keep the blood off. He looks at himself in the
text: mirror, checks to see if his hands are trembling and then
text: raises the knife, bringing it close to his eye. Closer and
text: closer. He can’t do it, and lowers the knife again. He then
text: takes a few deep breaths and tries again.
scene_heading: 124 INT. TOWN RESTAURANT - DAY
text: Shortsighted Woman sits on her own at the table and waits.
text: The waiter fills her glass with water and leaves. We hear
text: many different voices and a door opening and closing. A
text: couple sits down at the table next to her.
dialog: 87.
text: Shortsighted Woman takes a small sip of water and puts her
text: glass back down on the table. Beside her is the restaurant
text: front window, which looks onto a main road. Cars go by.
text: Various couples walk past, some of them have kids, others a
text: dog. The scene lasts some time.
text: THE END.
dialog: 
