dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN - DARKNESS BEFORE DAWN
text: Suburban Connecticut, outside of New York City, 1973. The
text: still after a terrible storm. Trees dripping, their branches
text: torn, the air warming just before the break of a new day. The
text: train lies dark and motionless, a few flashing yellow
text: emergency lights up front, as a work crew removes debris from
dialog: the track.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN. PRE-DAWN
text: Various passengers, huddled uncomfortably, cold, asleep.
text: On Paul Hood, 15-and-a-half, stoner-preppie look, hunched up
text: in his seat under the faint emergency exit light. He reads
text: his Fantastic Four comic book by the pale light of the
text: emergency exit sign.
text: Suddenly, the lights begin to flicker on and the hum of the
text: train's engines returns.
text: The conductor enters the car, blasting forth in his classic
text: nasal voice.
speaker_heading: CONDUCTOR
dialog: Good morning ladies and gentlemen --
text: He sounds like a baseball announcer.
speaker_heading: PASSENGERS
dialog: (mumbling, ad lib)
dialog: What ladies?
speaker_heading: CONDUCTOR
dialog: -- this train originating at New
dialog: York's Grand Central Station is
dialog: back in service - next stop will be
dialog: New Canaan, Connecticut. New
dialog: Canaan, Connecticut, next stop!
text: He moves on to the next car.
text: The train begins to move.
text: Paul rubs his elbow against the window and looks out into the
text: still-dark early morning.
text: He looks back down at his comic book.
text: On the comic book: Reed Richards (also known as Stretch) has
text: zapped his young son with a cosmic ray gun to neutralize the
text: destructive energy that Annihilus has implanted in him.
text: The Thing, Medusa, Flame, and Richards' wife Sue Storm look
text: on, stunned.
text: "THEN YOU'VE TURNED HIM INTO A
scene_heading: VEGETABLE. YOUR OWN SON." "DON'T
dialog: YOU SEE, SUE? HE WAS TOO
text: POWERFUL... IF HIS ENERGY HAD
text: CONTINUED TO BUILD, HE WOULD HAVE
dialog: DESTROYED THE WQRLD!"
text: Paul looks up again, thinking.
speaker_heading: PAUL (V.O.)
dialog: In issue number 141 of The
dialog: Fantastic Four, published in
dialog: November 1973, Reed Richards has to
text: use his anti-matter weapon on his
text: own son, who Annihilus has turned
text: into a human atom bomb. His son is
dialog: the result of Richards' coupling
text: with the earthling Sue Storm, and
dialog: the problem is that the cosmic rays
dialog: that infused Richards and the rest
dialog: of the Fantastic Four on their
dialog: aborted moon mission have made
text: young Franklin a volatile mixture
dialog: of matter and anti-matter.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN BRIDGE. PRE-DAWN
text: The train moves slowly through a suburban, semi-forested
dialog: landscape.
speaker_heading: PAUL (V.O.)
dialog: And that's what it is to come from
dialog: a family, if you analyze it
text: closely. Each of them is negative
dialog: matter for the other ones. And
dialog: that's what dying is -- dying is
dialog: when your family, which is in fact
dialog: your personal negative matter from
dialog: which you emerge -- it's when the
dialog: family takes you back, thus hurling
dialog: you back into negative space...
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN. CONT'D.
text: On Paul, as the sun breaks over the horizon. His face glows
text: warmly in the yellow light. He looks down idly at the comic
dialog: book.
speaker_heading: PAUL (V.O.)
dialog: So it's a paradox -- the closer
dialog: you're drawn back in, the further
dialog: into the void you're thrown.
scene_heading: EXT. CONRAIL STATION. EARLY MORNING
text: The train slowly pulls in.
text: The train doors open, and Paul, weary from the long night,
text: emerges. He sees his family gathered at the other end of the
text: platform -- Ben, 40, a bit worse for wear but still retaining
text: traces of his boyish looks; Elena, 37, distant and elegant
text: even in her oversized sweater; and Wendy, 14, a sullen
text: suburban Lolita.
text: He pauses, regarding them.
text: They stand, silent, even dignified, awaiting him.
scene_heading: EXT. ST. PETER'S SCHOOL. MORNING
text: To establish. A typical New England prep school.
scene_heading: INT. PAUL AND FRANCIS'S DORM ROOM. MORNING
text: Cramped, a mess, but quaint. Paul shares the room with
text: Francis Davenport IV, a dissolute, smart-ass son of money.
text: Paul's alarm clock rings. He slams his hand down on it and
text: jumps out of bed, fully clothed in his rumpled preppie
text: uniform of frayed khakis, loose tie, shirt with one tail
text: untucked in, etc. Across the room, Francis beckons from his
text: desk, as he finishes loading up a four-foot-high bong.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
text: Arise and shine, young Hood.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I hope you changed the water in
dialog: that bong from last night.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: (finishing a hit)
dialog: The water, as you call it, is a
dialog: special mixture of amaretto and
dialog: Ben&amp;Ben blended for just the exact
dialog: chemical interaction with the last
dialog: of our precious Thai stick.
text: Paul reluctantly walks over and takes a hit. He coughs,
text: spewing uninhaled smoke.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Waste not Master Hood -- that was
dialog: $20 for the bag.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (gathering books, papers,
dialog: almost talking to
dialog: himself)
dialog: Man, Francis, you are one drug
dialog: addled elitist freak, and when the
dialog: revolution comes I do not want to
dialog: be lined up with you and shot,
dialog: 'cause you're fucking ripe for
dialog: political reeducation, you know,
dialog: like in the fields.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Paul, cancel your mental
dialog: appointments, baby. What are you,
dialog: like still stoned from last night?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (spraying some chloroform
dialog: mouth spray)
dialog: I gotta get to English class.
scene_heading: INT. ST PETERS' CLASSROOM. DAY
text: An English class in progress.
text: Paul Hood sits blankly, hardly listening, until he hears the
text: teacher call out.
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: Libbets?
speaker_heading: LIBBETS
dialog: What Dostoyevsky is saying here is
dialog: that to be a Christian is to
dialog: choose, because you have to choose
dialog: of your own choice, but since you
dialog: can't choose to be good because
dialog: that would be too rational you have
dialog: to choose to be bad -- it's
dialog: existential.
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: Thank you Libbets, that's a very
dialog: compelling summary, but --
text: Paul looks at her, smitten. Marge, Paul's friend, notices his
dialog: look.
scene_heading: INT. ST. PETER'S HALLWAY. DAY
text: As class lets out, Paul accosts Libbets.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Um, Libbets. Hey, Dostoyevsky, I'm
dialog: also really a fan, and what you
dialog: were saying, you know, have you
dialog: ever read The Idiot?
speaker_heading: LIBBETS
dialog: The Idiot?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: If you liked Notes from
dialog: Underground, you'll love The Idiot.
speaker_heading: LIBBETS
dialog: (turning to go)
dialog: Great, thanks for the tip.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (after her)
dialog: The Idiot.
scene_heading: INT. ST. PETER'S HALLWAY. DAY
text: Paul walks with Marge.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I'm in love with Libbets Casey.
speaker_heading: MARGE
dialog: Yeah, well, you've been in love
dialog: with like every other girl here, I
dialog: was wondering when you'd get around
dialog: to Libbets.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: It's beyond mere physical
dialog: attraction.
speaker_heading: MARGE
dialog: That's good, because I don't think
dialog: Libbets is capable of the sex act.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Truly? Do speak.
speaker_heading: MARGE
dialog: My diagnosis is messed in the head.
dialog: A poor little rich girl -- I mean
dialog: check out the jeans and fur look.
dialog: And lend your ears to this
dialog: brutality. Like her mom and step
dialog: dad and her step-sisters are going
dialog: to Switzerland to ski over
dialog: Thanksgiving break -- and like they
dialog: didn't invite her!
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: How do you know this shit?
speaker_heading: MARGE
dialog: They did it last year too. It's
dialog: like traditional or something.
dialog: They've got this humongoid Park Ave
text: apartment and she just holes up
text: there with a wad of cash.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Aren't the hugely wealthy sad?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You think Francis is going to beat
dialog: me to the punch here?
speaker_heading: MARGE
dialog: Since he sleeps with every girl you
dialog: ever show an interest in, why don't
dialog: you just keep your Libbets thing a
dialog: secret from him?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Good thinking Marge.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL PARTY. NIGHT
text: Paul, Francis and friends enter the dark, crowded room.
text: Various kids are awkwardly dancing to some progressive fm
text: style undanceable rock (Jethro Tull, etc.) Francis hands Paul
text: the tail end of a joint, but Paul waves it away.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: No more man. I'm about to drop as
dialog: it is.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: See ya.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Where you going?
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Paul, let me enlighten you about
dialog: something.
dialog: You and I exist on two opposite
dialog: sides of a great existential
dialog: divide, that being your pathetic
dialog: virginity on the one hand and my
dialog: astonishing number of sexual
dialog: conquests on the other. I'm off to
dialog: get laid. See you.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Flame on, asshole.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: And remember, with your erogenous
dialog: zones lubricated as such with the
dialog: mighty herb, do not attempt
dialog: terrestrial contact with members of
dialog: the opposite sex -- because you
text: drone on like a motherfucker when
dialog: you're stoned.
text: He waves his fingers toward Paul's eyes, in the classic
text: "stoned" gesture, then wanders off.
text: Paul looks on at the gathering. Marge waves to him from the
dialog: dance floor.
speaker_heading: LATER:
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL PARTY. CONT'D
text: Paul wanders, stoned, through the party. He sees Libbets from
text: across the room. She seems to be surrounded by friends.
scene_heading: INT. PARTY. CONT'D
text: Paul has cornered Libbets and is talking over the music.
text: There are just a few people left, most of them making out
dialog: with each other.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (stoned)
dialog: -- because I've been reading
dialog: Kerouac and Ginsberg and those guys
dialog: were creating beat culture and
dialog: traveling and sleeping wherever,
dialog: and, of course, with all kinds of
dialog: people, but when you read carefully
dialog: the various contemporary accounts
dialog: of their lives, and, uh, these guys
dialog: didn't bathe much, I mean they were
text: really filthy, with like genital
text: crabs, lice, exceptionally strong
dialog: body odor...
text: Libbets smiles through her yawn.
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOL BENCH. NIGHT
text: Paul sits alone on the bench, freezing cold, eating a donut.
text: Some kids from across the lawn yell good-night to him.
scene_heading: INT. DORM ROOM. EVENING.
text: Paul is at his desk. Francis enters, wrapped in a towel,
text: fresh from the shower.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: How can you do that man?
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Do what?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Sleep all day. I mean, look, it's
text: already getting dark outside, and
dialog: you're just getting up.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Um, Libbets Casey.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Aha! I could sense the vibe.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Am I right or am I right?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Shit. You're not planning --
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: My man, I speak to you solely as a
dialog: comrade in arms offering
dialog: unconditional aid. I've been giving
dialog: this one a lot of thought, and I
dialog: believe that the two of you
dialog: together might just reach that
dialog: higher ground that --
text: A knock at the door.
speaker_heading: STUDENT (O.S.)
dialog: Hood, telephone.
text: Paul rolls off his bed, opens the door.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Don't mess with Libbets. I mean it!
scene_heading: INT. DORM HALLWAY. NIGHT
text: Paul walks to the pay phone at the end of the hall.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Hello?
scene_heading: INTERCUT - HOOD HOUSEHOLD. NIGHT
text: It's a modern (shag carpet, geometric-patterned wallpaper,
dialog: etc.) suburban house.
text: Ben Hood talks on the phone, a drink in his hand.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Paul?
text: In the background, we can see Wendy watching Richard Nixon on
dialog: TV.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Hi dad.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Hey guy. Things ok up there? You
dialog: all right?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I'm fine dad.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Well good. Just confirming. You'll
dialog: be on the 3:50 Wednesday afternoon.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Well dad, actually I thought I'd
dialog: take the morning train on
dialog: Thanksgiving -- got a lot of
dialog: studying, papers, you know, lab
dialog: experiments --
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Lab experiments? Right smart guy --
dialog: Paul, you know your mother's gonna
dialog: be disappointed not to see more of
dialog: you -- In fact, let me make this
dialog: more than a simple request guy, I
dialog: think you should...
text: IN THE BACKGROUND:
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: (on TV, from San Clemente
dialog: press conference)
dialog: Well, with regard to the questions
dialog: as to why Americans feel we were
dialog: wrong to make the tapes, that is
dialog: not particularly surprising. I
dialog: think that most Americans do not
dialog: like the idea of taping
dialog: conversations and, frankly, it is
dialog: not something that particularly
dialog: appeals to me...
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Hold on for a second.
dialog: (turning)
dialog: Wendy, you want-to say hi to your
dialog: brother?
text: She frowns.
speaker_heading: BEN (CONT'D)
dialog: Come on!
text: She gets up sullenly and goes to the phone.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Charles.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Charles. Have you been keeping out
dialog: of my shit? Have you refrained from
dialog: entering the sacred precincts of my
dialog: room?
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: I have not touched your sh--
dialog: (looks at father)
dialog: Stuff. You watching this?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Watching what?
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Nixon, doofus! It's incredible. He
dialog: should be shot.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (overhearing)
dialog: Hey, that's the president of the
dialog: goddam United States you're talking
dialog: about, Wendy!
text: From the kitchen, Elena overhears. She's dressed to go out,
text: but in the process of making a Kraft macaroni and cheese
text: dinner for Wendy.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: He's a liar!
dialog: (still talking more to her
dialog: father than into the
dialog: phone)
dialog: Dean told him on March 21st about
dialog: Kalmback and Hunt, all about the
dialog: payoffs to the Watergate burglars,
dialog: so you tell me where the so-called
dialog: "Dean Report" is, but you can't
dialog: because it doesn't exist, because
dialog: he lied about Haldeman and
text: Erlichman and the April 17 tape,
dialog: that's why! Liar!
text: Ben retreats, going to the wet bar to pour another drink.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (muttering)
dialog: OK, OK, the defense rests.
dialog: (to Elena in the kitchen)
dialog: Want another?
speaker_heading: ELENA (O.S.)
dialog: No thank you. We should be off.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Gotcha.
text: He puts the bottle back down without pouring.
text: INTERCUT BACK TO PAUL:
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (on the phone)
dialog: Hey Charles. Charles, calm down --
dialog: I wasn't in on it.
text: Elena, putting on her coat, comes into the den and gives
text: Wendy a kiss on the forehead as Wendy mumbles her good-byes
text: to Paul on the phone.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Dinner's on the counter. We'll be
dialog: at the Williams's -- you know the
dialog: number.
dialog: (takes the phone from
dialog: Wendy)
dialog: Paul. Hi. Is there anything you'll
dialog: want, any particular kind of food
dialog: or snack or anything we can stock
dialog: up on?... You're all right? ... OK.
dialog: See you next week. I love you.
text: Back to Nixon on the TV.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: We must recognize that one excess
dialog: begets another, and that the
dialog: extremes of violence in the 1960s
dialog: contributed to the extremes of
dialog: Watergate...
text: On Wendy as she regards the TV, hearing her parents'
text: farewells as they leave through the front door.
scene_heading: EXT. WILLIAMS HOUSE. NIGHT
text: A large New England Colonial, with a few modern additions and
text: touches. We hear the sound of dinner chatter.
scene_heading: INT. WILLIAMS DINING ROOM. NIGHT
text: The kitchen door swings open into the dining room, and Mikey
text: and Sandy Williams emerge, each holding platters of food.
text: Mikey, 15-and-a-half, lost in space, and Sandy, 14, a sullen
text: and barely pubescent boy, each have towels draped over their
text: forearms -- they are the evening's "waiters".
text: They move unsteadily to the table, at which sit their parents
text: Janey (38, a hard-edged, sharp-witted beauty) and Jim (43,
text: large and a bit goofy, a genius inventor), together with
text: their guests, Ben and Elena Hood, and neighbors Dorothy and
dialog: Ted Franklin.
text: We jump cut through the evening's conversations, seen mostly
text: from the furtive POV's of the boys.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: His brother came back --
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: From where?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Vietnam.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Oh. Are we going to talk about
dialog: this, about...?
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: You should hear. It's very sad, he
dialog: was --
speaker_heading: JUMP CUT:
text: Janey is whispering something into Mikey's ear, who returns
text: to the kitchen.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: It was a benefit for the ACLU or
dialog: something, and Harry Reems himself
dialog: was there --
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: The man with the -- from Deep
dialog: Throat?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: The very one -- something about a
dialog: first amendment defense fund --
dialog: well I believe in it --
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Ted took me to see it.
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: Ted, how romantic.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: I have to say, the movie didn't do
dialog: much for me. But being in that
text: theater, surrounded by all those
text: horny young college boys and
dialog: perverts, there was something in
dialog: the air that --
speaker_heading: JUMP CUT:
text: The boys are pouring wine.
speaker_heading: JIM
text: -- pulls right up to the pump,
text: jumps out like there's no gas
dialog: shortage, oblivious, and by this
text: point everybody in line's piling
text: out of their cars ready to kill the
dialog: guy, when they notice it's that
dialog: Reverend Edwards --
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: The Unitarian? The new one?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Yeah -- claims he pulled off Creek
dialog: Road and didn't notice the line
dialog: going back Mill Street for half a
dialog: mile.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: He's either got his head in the
dialog: clouds or up his --
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: I hear he's slept with half the
dialog: women in his congregation --
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Lucky bastard!
text: As this is said, Mikey accidentally spills some wine on Ben.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Hell! -- I mean, no problemo there
dialog: Mikey. Here, I --
text: Janey leans over with her napkin and attempts a cursory wipe
text: of Ben's pants. Is there a just barely noticeable frisson
text: between Ben and Janey as she removes the napkin? If there is,
text: Elena doesn't -- or pretends not to -- notice.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: The boys, now in pajamas (Sandy's with padded feet, Mikey's a
text: combination of t-shirt and pj bottoms) are bringing out
text: coffee and dessert. The adults eye Mikey's handling of the
text: coffee pot with some nervousness.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: (unconvincing)
dialog: So fascinating. Do you get free
dialog: tickets to the movies, that kind of
dialog: thing?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: No, my job is just to analyze the
dialog: entertainment stocks and advise our
dialog: institutional investors on where to
dialog: put their money. It's --
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Don't be so modest, Ben. It's a job
dialog: that requires a certain prescience
dialog: with regards to entertainment
dialog: trends. You were the first to
dialog: predict that Billy Jack would be a
dialog: hit --
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (with a bit too much
dialog: conviction)
dialog: And as usual no one believed me...
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: The dinner party has moved to the living room for after
text: dinner drinks. Elena remains behind to help Janey pick up the
text: table. She stacks a plate on top of another.
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: Please don't.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: It's not a bother.
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: I insist.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Don't touch them.
text: Elena realizes that there's an edge to Janey's voice.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Oh.
speaker_heading: JANEY
text: (realizing she's gone too
dialog: far)
dialog: It's really quite all right.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Of course.
scene_heading: INT. WILLIAMS LIVING ROOM. NIGHT
text: The party progresses. Mikey and Sandy are lying on their
text: stomachs at the top of the stairs, out of sight.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: And to think -- they met at a key
dialog: party of all things.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: A key party?
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: You know, it's a California thing.
dialog: That scuzzy husband of hers dragged
text: her kicking and screaming to one
dialog: when they were out in L.A. you
dialog: know, the men put their car keys in
text: a bowl, and then at the end of the
text: evening the women line up and fish
dialog: them out and go home with whoever's
dialog: keys they've got. Anyhow that's how
dialog: she met this Rod person or whatever
dialog: his name is and he's left his wife
text: and she's packing for California.
text: Irwin is devastated. It's so
dialog: ironic.
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: Ironic?
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: (caught out)
dialog: Well, um, yes. Ironic. His name is
dialog: Rod.
scene_heading: INT. WILLIAMS FRONT HALLWAY. NIGHT
text: The guests are leaving. The men shake hands, the women kiss,
text: and the men and women awkwardly peck each others' cheeks.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Thank you Janey.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: It was lovely!
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Hey Jim, next time you've got to
dialog: fill me in on whatever it is you're
dialog: up to these days.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Will do.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWAY. NIGHT
text: At the top of the stairs, a rather dejected Sandy and Mikey
text: finish spying on the leave-takings below. Mikey nudges Sandy,
text: and they silently head back the upstairs hall.
scene_heading: INT. MIKE'S ROOM. NIGHT
text: They enter Mike's room -- the door has a "nuclear waste
dialog: positively no admittance" sign on it.
text: As Mikey reaches his bed, he doubles over, groaning, and
text: starts to make retching noises. He then throws himself onto
text: the bed, his head leaning over the far side.
text: Sandy walks over and sees a pile of vomit next to the bed.
text: Taken aback for a moment, he then reaches forward and picks
text: it up -- it's fake plastic vomit. He throws it on top of
text: Mike's back, but Mikey doesn't take notice.
speaker_heading: SANDY
dialog: Stupid!
text: (pause, looking sullenly
dialog: at Mike's back)
dialog: Is Wendy Hood your girlfriend?
speaker_heading: MIKEY
text: (not looking up, but
dialog: alarmed)
dialog: Who said so?
speaker_heading: SANDY
dialog: No one.
speaker_heading: MIKEY
dialog: I don't have a girlfriend.
text: Mikey returns to his reading -- a copy of The Sensuous Woman,
text: obviously well pawed over. He absentmindedly picks his nose.
text: As he flips the pages, a beautiful, almost electrical HUMMING
text: SOUND begins to fill his ears. He frowns and pauses to listen
dialog: to it.
text: Sandy, who has picked up a balsa wood miniature plane,
text: obviously doesn't hear it.
text: Mikey focuses on the plane as Sandy waves it through the air.
text: Perhaps the hum is the sound of its engines as it soars
dialog: through the sky...
scene_heading: INT. WENDY'S BEDROOM. NIGHT
text: There is a large poster of a cartoon version of Richard Nixon
text: "Tricky Dick" -- on her wall. Wendy is on the phone to her
dialog: friend Beth.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: -- he knows that when the March
dialog: 24th tape -- you know with Dean,
text: where Dean tells him that there's a
dialog: cancer growing on the presidency --
text: She pauses as Beth asks a question.
speaker_heading: WENDY (CONT'D)
dialog: Who? No way. He's like a big
dialog: infected whitehead wearing jeans. I
dialog: wouldn't --
text: She hears the downstairs door open.
speaker_heading: WENDY (CONT'D)
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: -- shit, it's my parents.
text: She turns her light out.
scene_heading: INT. HOOD UPSTAIRS HALLWAY. NIGHT
text: Ben and Elena walking past Wendy's room to their bedroom.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: You'd think she'd learn how to cook
dialog: a chicken, eh? My drumstick was
dialog: still frozen when you cut inside
dialog: there. I'm probably going to get
dialog: whatever that disease -- and Jim,
dialog: how that guy ever became a
dialog: millionaire --
text: He pauses before a hall table, and, with his eyes, traces the
text: telephone cord under Wendy's room.
speaker_heading: BEN (CONT'D)
dialog: Hmm. I knew she'd still be up.
dialog: Watch this --
text: But Elena simply continues into the master bedroom.
text: He starts to pull gently on the cord. And continues pulling.
text: No response for a few seconds. Then:
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 25
speaker_heading: WENDY (O.S.)
dialog: (yelling behind her door)
dialog: Dad stop it!
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Get to sleep young lady -- and I
dialog: mean it.
text: Wendy opens the door to her room.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Fascist!
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: If I were a fascist I would have
dialog: sent you to one of those Southern
dialog: military academies a long time ago.
dialog: Now get to bed.
text: She slams the door.
text: He opens it.
scene_heading: INT. WENDY'S BEDROOM. NIGHT
text: Ben enters the room, angry.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Hey!
text: Wendy jumps into bed and under the covers, pulling them up
text: over her head. He stands over her, looking down at the
text: crumpled pile of sheet and blanket.
speaker_heading: BEN (CONT'D)
dialog: (softening)
dialog: Hey, kiddo. Sleep well, huh.
text: He places his hand where her cheek should be, and caresses
dialog: the sheet.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: (without pulling the sheet
dialog: down, but nicely)
dialog: Good-night dad.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Good night kiddo.
text: Ben turns to the door, where he sees a silent Elena standing
text: in her nightgown, a slight smile on her face.
scene_heading: INT. HOOD BEDROOM. NIGHT
text: Elena is sitting cross-legged, eyes closed, on her side of
text: the bed. We hear the toilet flush from the master bath, and
text: see Ben emerge in his boxers. He pauses in front of the bed,
text: looking at Elena.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: (without opening her eyes)
dialog: You're staring at me.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I wasn't star--
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: I've been thinking, Ben, about
dialog: Wendy. I was going to ask if she'd
dialog: come with me sometime to meet Dr.
text: Woolens.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: That shrink -- the one you always
dialog: wanted me to see? I thought you
dialog: dropped him.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: I did, but -- somebody should
dialog: probably see her, talk to her...
dialog: You think she's ok?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Why shouldn't she be?
text: Elena just gives him a look, more sad than angry.
speaker_heading: BEN (CONT'D)
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Then again, why should she be? I
dialog: mean with us, with our...
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: So maybe you'll come too?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Oh not again Elena! If we've got
dialog: problems, why can't you just come
text: out and talk about them.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: It's you Ben who needs to talk.
dialog: I've had my say, and I'm waiting to
dialog: hear back from you.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Yeah but Elena, even you don't
dialog: believe all that "I'm OK. You're
dialog: OK" stuff you keep babbling about --
dialog: you say so yourself. I've been all
dialog: ears for about ten years now on his
dialog: subject, and --
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: -- And you haven't moved out yet.
dialog: It's because you're too lazy, Ben.
dialog: Too scared or lazy to either deal
dialog: with us or simply make a decision --
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Elena.
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: (sighing)
dialog: Sleep in the study? Please.
text: Ben picks up a pillow and walks out, pausing wistfully at the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Good night.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Good night.
scene_heading: INT. WENDY'S ROOM. NIGHT
text: Wendy hears her parents' door close and sees a strip of light
text: illuminate under her door as the hall light goes on, then
dialog: off.
scene_heading: EXT. MANHATTAN OFFICE BUILDING. DAY
text: A nondescript, cleanly "modern" building. Engraved on the
text: doors: "Shackley and Schwimmer, Securities Brokerage -
dialog: Established 1964"
scene_heading: INT. SHACKLEY AND SCHWIMMER CONFERENCE ROOM. DAY
text: Ben, seated, is finishing a brief presentation to a small
text: group of men, which includes George Clair, mid-thirties,
text: unctuously handsome.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: But what, exactly, is stagflation,
dialog: this mixture of inflation and
dialog: stagnation, and how should we in
dialog: the securities industry understand
dialog: and accommodate it? Well -- and I
dialog: hope I'm not out of bounds here -
dialog: think of the money supply as a
text: large male organ, continuously
dialog: inflating, and yet, the societal
text: vaginal cavity simply wants more.
text: As the vicious circle of higher
dialog: returns without real satisfaction
dialog: continues, the money-organ may seem
dialog: to be in demand, but in fact even
dialog: the most inflated capital is
dialog: unwanted. This is why I suggest
dialog: that while we engage this mawing
dialog: abyss for the highest returns, we
dialog: at the same time fantasize, so to
dialog: speak, of the safe harbor of
dialog: capital appreciation.
text: The aging boss nods agreement.
speaker_heading: SHACKLEY
dialog: (more or less mumbling)
text: Brilliant, brilliant.
text: George Clair just grins.
scene_heading: INT. BEN HOOD'S OFFICE. DAY
text: Ben is gathering papers, readying to leave. He looks up to
text: see George Clair in his doorway.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Hey there Benjie, you're becoming
dialog: quite the in-house philosopher.
dialog: When do you have time to think up
dialog: all that stuff -- Shackley sure
text: eats it up.
text: INTERCUT HALL IN FRONT OF BEN HOOD'S OFFICE
text: As we see that Clair is deftly fondling Hood's attractive
text: secretary as she is seated in the cubicle beside the door to
text: his office. She looks up coyly at Clair, hidden for the
text: moment from Ben's view.
text: Ben comes out of his office, pulling his coat on. Clair and
text: the secretary pull back, but it's clear that Ben has some
text: sense of what's transpiring between them.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: George, I'm just trying to get a
dialog: global view of things -- can't just
text: look at the small picture.
text: There's an obvious rivalry between the two of them.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: And speaking of which, you have
dialog: those market share charts Mr.
dialog: Shackley was asking about?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Gotcha George, not a problem.
dialog: Tomorrow. Hey, you want to start
dialog: covering the old filmed
dialog: entertainment sector yourself?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Ben you know that's your territory
dialog: - and I wouldn't dream to trespass
dialog: - you're the expert. Hey, how do
dialog: you think Paramount's gonna do with
dialog: that Blatty novel, what's it
dialog: called? The Exorcist?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Overpriced bomb, cost over $6
dialog: million -- no stars, and no one's
dialog: into the horror genre these days
dialog: anyway. I'm advising the company
dialog: recommend reducing positions there.
dialog: It's disaster films that are gonna
dialog: stay at the top.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Brilliant. Hey, you heading out a
dialog: little early today?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Got a meeting uptown.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (already moving off)
dialog: Right o'.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Up the organization!
dialog: (then, to himself)
dialog: Bastard.
text: The secretary pretends not to hear.
scene_heading: EXT. UNIVERSITY CLUB. DAY
dialog: An august New York institution. To establish.
scene_heading: INT. CLUB RESTAURANT. DAY
text: A stuffy, Ivy League atmosphere. A decades-old tradition of
text: serving overcooked American food. Ben is seated across from
text: his father, Harold Hood, a retired curmudgeon. There is a
text: walker parked by Harold's chair.
speaker_heading: HAROLD
dialog: (waylaying a passing
dialog: waiter)
dialog: I'd asked for that double martini
dialog: about three hours ago!
speaker_heading: WAITER
dialog: Coming right up, sir.
speaker_heading: HAROLD
dialog: So asking me out for lunch -- what
dialog: prompted this exceptional event? --
dialog: Of course I'm paying.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: We don't have to always go to your
dialog: club, dad.
speaker_heading: HAROLD
dialog: And why are you still calling me
dialog: dad? You're forty years old
dialog: already, and --
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: -- Well what am I supposed to call
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: HAROLD
dialog: That's besides the point.
text: The martini arrives, along with Ben's beer.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I was actually trying to see about
dialog: getting a little advice, you know --
speaker_heading: HAROLD
dialog: Advice? I'm supposed to be getting
dialog: the stock tips from you, Ben.
dialog: Unless - have you quit your job?
dialog: They fired you?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: You know, dah--
text: He looks up and sees his father slurping his martini, not
text: paying attention.
speaker_heading: BEN (CONT'D)
dialog: Actually it's not about work, it's
dialog: advice about --
speaker_heading: HAROLD
dialog: Oh for crying out loud Ben, you
dialog: don't mean to tell me that your
dialog: marriage is going down the drain
dialog: now --
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Well, Elena and I have kind of been
text: talking, not really talking, but --
speaker_heading: HAROLD
dialog: -- Your mother, God bless her,
dialog: stood by me for forty-two years --
dialog: we never once contemplated divorce
dialog: - I assume you're talking here
dialog: about divorce? The very thought --
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: But dad, you guys truly hated each
dialog: other, I mean really hated each --
speaker_heading: HAROLD
dialog: -- Waiter! Where's my cobb salad?
dialog: (back to Ben)
dialog: You want advice Ben? If your big
dialog: brother were still alive I'd have
text: him go out into the back yard and
dialog: beat some sense into your head.
dialog: Look kid, you married that woman
dialog: against my advice --
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: -- What advice? You never --
speaker_heading: HAROLD
dialog: That's besides the point. The point
dialog: is if I'd had any sense in me I'd
dialog: have divorced your mother 40 years
dialog: ago, and that's the truth, and here
dialog: it is, 1972 --
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: -- 73
speaker_heading: HAROLD
dialog: -- 73, and divorce is as easy as
text: paying off a traffic ticket, and
dialog: for crying out loud, Ben, be a man
dialog: and just get it over with. I would
dialog: have if I'd had the chance.
text: Ben ponders, as the food arrives.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (weakly)
dialog: But...
speaker_heading: HAROLD
dialog: But what?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: But I -- well maybe I love her.
dialog: Elena.
text: His father rolls his eyes and stabs his salad with a fork.
speaker_heading: HAROLD
dialog: Christ Ben! Make up your mind and
dialog: eat your lunch.
scene_heading: INT. BOOK STORE. DAY
text: Elena browses the self-help section. A longish-haired,
text: slightly gone-to-seed, but still handsome clergyman pauses
text: next to her. He's wearing an ecclesiastical collar and bell
dialog: bottoms.
text: He pulls out a copy of Me, Myself and I, glancing again at
dialog: Elena.
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: Elena. Elena Hood, am I right?
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: Reverend Edwards. Philip Edwards.
dialog: You came by and checked out the
dialog: congregation a couple of times last
dialog: year.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Yes, it was -- I ended up --
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: No need to make excuses --
scene_heading: EXT. NEW CANAAN HIGH SCHOOL FIELD. DAY
text: A cool gray afternoon. A group of boys are playing flag
text: football on the field, while two groups of girls are gathered
text: underneath the bleachers at either end, warily smoking
dialog: c1garettes.
text: Wendy, Beth, and a couple of other girls are gathered in one
dialog: group.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: (referring to one of the
dialog: girls gathered in the
dialog: other group)
dialog: She said you licked Dave Brewster's
text: weenie in the third floor bathroom.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: She's a liar. I wouldn't touch Dave
dialog: Brewster's dick if you paid me.
text: It's probably crawling with v.d.
dialog: after he put it in her, which he
dialog: did.
text: The conversation peters out at this point, as the two groups
text: of girls give each other the hairy eyeball from afar.
text: Wendy looks through from beneath the bleacher seats onto the
text: field where the boys are playing.
text: A group of boys break from a huddle, Mikey among them.
text: The quarterback takes the hike and Mikey runs out for a pass.
text: As he runs, his breathing increases in volume, filling his
text: ears, and transforming into the humming sound he'd heard
dialog: before.
text: The quarterback spots him and throws a long one.
text: He runs in an oblivion of beautiful white sound.
text: The ball drops next to him as he continues, in a world of his
dialog: own, to run.
text: Suddenly, the humming ends and he stops and turns around, to
text: see all the other kids just standing there looking at him.
text: One of them makes a pot-smoking gesture, as if that's the
dialog: explanation.
speaker_heading: MIKEY
text: (as he returns to the
dialog: group, ball in hand)
dialog: Did anybody hear that?
text: The other kids snicker. Wendy looks on, and catches Mikey's
text: eye for a fleeting moment.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: I gotta go.
text: She takes hold of her bicycle and pushes off.
scene_heading: INT. COFFEE SHOP. DAY
text: Elena and Philip are seated at a booth.
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: It's been a tremendously
dialog: transformative year -- maybe a
dialog: little controversial of course, but
dialog: we're breaking down the old
dialog: Unitarian barriers --
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: I suppose my reluctance was the
dialog: group aspect of it -- I've never
dialog: been much of a joiner, although I
dialog: still consider myself a somewhat
dialog: religious person --
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: Well I of course flatter myself
dialog: that our church is not exactly what
dialog: most people would call organized
dialog: religion -- at times it's the
dialog: disorganization that's liberating --
dialog: and of course I've begun to
dialog: minister much more in what one
dialog: might call therapeutic
text: environments, in small groups, and
dialog: one on one, couples --
text: Elena looks outside the window, and sees Wendy speed past on
dialog: her bicycle.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: (cutting him off)
dialog: My daughter. I haven't been on a
dialog: bike for years.
dialog: (still not really looking
dialog: at him)
dialog: When was the last time you rode a
dialog: bike?
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: (a bit taken aback by the
dialog: abrupt topic change)
dialog: They say you never forget.
speaker_heading: ELENA
text: (jarred back to his
dialog: presence)
dialog: Forget what?
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: Forget how to ride a bike.
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: No, of course you don't, you're
dialog: right.
scene_heading: EXT. FIVE AND DIME STORE. DAY
text: Wendy pulls her bike up to the back, locks it, and walks in.
scene_heading: INT. FIVE AND DIME STORE. DAY
text: Wendy moves with a certain amount of stealth through the
text: aisles, arriving at the candy selection.
text: She looks around.
text: She takes a package of twinkies and slips them into the
text: oversized pockets of her painter's pants.
text: She turns around, and her breath goes out of her -- an OLD
text: WOMAN has been watching her shoplift. The woman looks sadly
text: at her, but says nothing. Wendy slowly walks past her and out
text: the back door of the store. The woman looks on.
scene_heading: EXT. FIVE AND DIME STORE. DAY
text: As she walks her bike onto the sidewalk, Wendy comes across
dialog: Sandy.
speaker_heading: SANDY
dialog: Hey Wendy.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Hey Sandy.
speaker_heading: SANDY
dialog: Mikey was looking for you.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Yeah? See ya.
text: She pushes off on her bike.
text: Sandy gazes after her. He takes his G.I. Joe out of his coat
text: pocket, and points it at her.
speaker_heading: SANDY
dialog: Bam.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN STREETS. DAY
text: Wendy flies along on her bike. It's a desolately beautiful
dialog: fall day.
scene_heading: EXT. SILVER MEADOWS PSYCHIATRIC INSTITUTE. DAY
text: Wendy rides by the front gates of the posh grounds of the
text: private psychiatric clinic. A security guard leans against a
dialog: booth.
text: Once a bit past the gate, she gets off her bike and walks it
text: into a grove of trees near the front drive.
scene_heading: EXT. SILVER MEADOWS. DAY
text: Mikey is waiting amid the trees next to his bike as Wendy
text: arrives.
speaker_heading: MIKEY
dialog: Want some gum?
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Sure.
dialog: (pulling them out of her
dialog: pocket)
dialog: Twinkie?
speaker_heading: MIKEY
text: (opens his mouth,
text: displaying the gum on his
dialog: tongue)
dialog: I'm chewing.
text: She puts the Twinkies back, and pops the gum in her mouth.
text: They stand together chewing.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: Did you tell Sandy?
speaker_heading: MIKEY
dialog: Tell Sandy? What?
text: Wendy doesn't say anything.
speaker_heading: MIKEY (CONT'D)
dialog: You didn't tell him either, did
dialog: you?
scene_heading: EXT. SILVER MEADOWS SWIMMING POOL. DAY
text: The wind is picking up and the light is fading. Mikey and
text: Wendy climb the fence around the pool, which is empty and
text: half-covered in dead leaves and twigs.
text: They climb down into the concrete recess and walk into the
text: deep end, leaning against the far wall of the pool.
text: They each matter-of-factly take their gum out and put it
text: behind their ears.
text: They begin not so much to kiss as to place their tongues in
text: each others' mouths.
text: We see them from high above the pool, as the dead leaves
text: swirl lightly around them, Mikey groping under Wendy's
dialog: poncho.
scene_heading: EXT. WILLIAMS HOUSE. DAY
dialog: To establish.
scene_heading: INT. WILLIAMS GUEST ROOM. DAY
text: A couple are in the final throes of lovemaking. We see Janey
text: Williams's face, more or less enjoying the proceedings. The
text: man gives a final heave and groan, and rolls off to reveal
dialog: himself to be -- Ben Hood.
speaker_heading: JUMP CUT TO:
text: Janey smokes a cigarette. Ben is babbling.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: We were golfing, and you know,
dialog: golfing to me is something I'm
dialog: supposed to enjoy, and I was on the
dialog: goddam golf team in college, so
dialog: it's something one would assume I
dialog: do well -- I used to do well -- but
dialog: basically these days golfing for me
text: is like hoeing, or plowing.
text: Janey smiles briefly at this.
speaker_heading: BEN (CONT'D)
dialog: It's like farming. I am basically
text: chewing up large tracts of
text: expensively landscaped scenery with
text: overpriced sticks, and George Clair
dialog: has obviously, in the mere two
dialog: years since he joined the firm, he
dialog: has obviously been taking secret
dialog: lessons with a golf pro, and I
dialog: assume the entirety of his
dialog: disposable income has been devoted
dialog: to humiliating me on the golf
dialog: course. And the guy talks -
dialog: incessantly -- throughout the
dialog: entirety of the miserable 18 holes
dialog: - on topics that are the supposed
dialog: domain of my department --
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: Ben--
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: (gently)
dialog: You're boring me. I have a husband.
dialog: I don't particularly feel the need
dialog: for another.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: You have a point there. That's a
dialog: very good point. We're having an
dialog: affair. Right. An explicitly sexual
dialog: relationship. Your needs. My needs.
dialog: You're absolutely right.
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: You should probably get dressed.
dialog: The boys will be home soon.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Gotcha.
text: She wraps a blanket around herself and gets up.
scene_heading: EXT. BACK OF WILLIAMS HOUSE. EVENING
text: Ben cautiously walks out he back door and heads for the side
dialog: gate.
scene_heading: INT. HOOD KITCHEN. EVENING
text: Wendy enters the house as Elena is finishing supper
dialog: preparations.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Hi mom.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Hi Wendy.
text: Without waiting for instructions, Wendy starts pulling out
text: plates and silverware and setting the table.
speaker_heading: ELENA (CONT'D)
dialog: I saw you on your bike today.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: With Mikey?
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Nobody.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Mikey Williams?
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: We were just riding around.
text: Elena takes this in.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Well, you looked very -- free --
dialog: when I saw you.
text: Wendy continues setting the table.
speaker_heading: ELENA (CONT'D)
dialog: Weightless almost -- as if I were
dialog: seeing my own memories of being a
dialog: girl. There was something internal
dialog: about it.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Mom. Are you ok?
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Wendy, of course. I'm sorry. You
dialog: must think I'm ripe to be checked
text: into Silver Meadows.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: You're not a psycho!
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: The people at Silver Meadows aren't
dialog: psychos.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: I know. They're rich drug addicts
dialog: and celebrities. When I saw James
dialog: Taylor there, and --
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: We've been through this Wendy
dialog: James Taylor was actually at that
text: clinic up near Boston.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Well, I saw what I saw, and if you
dialog: don't want to believe me --
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Oh Wendy.
text: Wendy frowns.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: They need the money for my band
dialog: uniform at school.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: I thought you quit the band - I
dialog: never hear you practice anymore.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: I don't really need to practice. I
dialog: just play a few notes, you know, so
dialog: I thought maybe I'd stay in.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Well, I'm sure your father and I
dialog: would love to hear what you're
dialog: playing these days. Maybe after
dialog: dinner.
scene_heading: INT. HOOD LIVING ROOM. NIGHT
text: Ben and Elena take their seats on the sofa. Wendy stands
text: before them holding an enormous trombone, with a music stand
text: and sheet music in front of her.
text: She puffs a series of seemingly disconnected notes in waltz
dialog: time.
text: When she's done, she looks up from the sheet music to her
dialog: parents.
text: They applaud.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Can't wait to see how it fits in
text: with all the other instruments.
text: Elena gives him a look.
scene_heading: INT. HOOD KITCHEN. NIGHT
text: Elena is sorting through bills and writing checks at the
text: kitchen table. Ben comes in and fills a glass with ice.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: The Halfords have invited us again
dialog: this year.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: You want to go?
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: What do you think?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Well, it is a neighborhood
dialog: tradition.
text: He comes up behind her, looks down at the checkbook.
speaker_heading: BEN (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm, uh, going to bed.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: So early?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Rough day. Good night.
text: He leans over and kisses her on the cheek. She sniffs.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Is that a new aftershave?
text: He recoils a bit.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Oh yeah. Musk, or something. You
dialog: like it?
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Hmm. Good night.
text: He walks uncertainly from the room. Does she suspect?
scene_heading: INT. MIKE'S ROOM. NIGHT
text: Mikey is painfully at work writing an English essay. Sandy
text: comes to the door with a geometry textbook.
speaker_heading: SANDY
dialog: Mikey?
speaker_heading: MIKEY
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: SANDY
dialog: Geometry?
speaker_heading: MIKEY
dialog: Sure, anything but this English.
text: Sandy puts the open textbook in front of him.
speaker_heading: SANDY
dialog: Why are you so good at math but not
dialog: in English?
speaker_heading: MIKEY
dialog: I'm not good at math. Just
dialog: geometry.
text: He looks at the book.
speaker_heading: MIKEY (CONT'D)
dialog: (drawing out his examples
dialog: on a piece of paper)
dialog: It's like, you know when they say
dialog: "two squared"? And you think it
dialog: means 2 times 2, equals 4? But
dialog: really they really mean a square. A
text: square with a side of two. And the
dialog: area of the square is four. Like
dialog: every time you use the word, like
dialog: squared, or cubed, it's really
dialog: space, it's not numbers, it's
dialog: space.
text: And it's perfect space, but only in
dialog: your head, because you can't draw a
dialog: perfect square, like in the
dialog: material world, but in your mind,
dialog: you can have perfect space.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You know?
text: As Mikey goes on, we see his geometric doodles, and hear
text: faintly the HUMMING SOUND under his voice.
speaker_heading: SANDY
dialog: Yeah. But I just need some help
dialog: with my homework.
text: A knock at the door. Jim stands in the doorway with a
text: suitcase in his hand.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Hey guys, I'm back.
speaker_heading: MIKEY
dialog: (honestly confused)
dialog: You were gone?
text: Sandy looks at Mikey as if pondering a lost cause.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (a look of
dialog: disappointment)
dialog: Yeah Mikey. Yep, I was in Houston,
dialog: working on some great new ideas
dialog: about silicon, which comes from
dialog: sand, very conductive. How you guys
dialog: doing? How's school?
text: Mikey's still flustered.
speaker_heading: MIKEY
dialog: Uh, I dunno. OK I guess.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Hmm. Alright!
text: He walks off.
speaker_heading: SANDY
dialog: You really didn't notice? Man, he's
dialog: been gone for three days.
scene_heading: INT. WILLIAMS BEDROOM. NIGHT
text: Janey is reading, still dressed, on the bed. She nods to Jim
text: as he enters with his suitcase.
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: Good trip?
text: He nods and puts his suitcase down, then sits heavily on the
text: side of the bed.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (as he sits)
dialog: You bet.
text: It turns out it's a water bed, and his weight creates a wave
text: that nearly pushes Janey off her edge of the bed.
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: Jesus, Jim!
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: (jumping up, which only
dialog: creates another wave)
dialog: Sorry honey. Hell, we've got to
dialog: trade this thing in for a normal
dialog: bed.
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: Just be careful.
speaker_heading: JIM
text: (as he begins to unpack)
dialog: You notice anything with Mikey
dialog: lately? The kid seemed a little out
dialog: of it tonight, eh?
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: Tonight? Jim, he's been out of it
dialog: since he was born.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Hell, I guess he takes after me,
dialog: huh?
text: He laughs to himself.
text: She gives him a look.
scene_heading: INT. COFFEE SHOP. DAY
text: Elena and Philip Edwards are having coffee again.
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: In many ways, the church-bound
dialog: tradition of the father, son, and
dialog: holy ghost is simply a version of
dialog: the parent-child-adult triad within
dialog: us all. It's a primitive set of
dialog: symbols for our inner psychology.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: You're saying that Christ is the
dialog: child, and --
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: -- And God the angry parent, and
dialog: the Spirit the hope of an
dialog: integrated adult self.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: All well and good -- But tell me
dialog: again what is it exactly that you
dialog: believe in?
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: You ask what the point is?
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: That's right.
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: Self-realization. Ministering to
dialog: help people reach their fullest
dialog: potential. Would you believe me if
dialog: I told you I want you to see
dialog: yourself reach your fullest
dialog: potential and self-realization?
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: I would say it sounds like you're
dialog: trying to get me into bed.
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: If that's a potential you see
dialog: yourself fulfilling... I mean...
dialog: (flustered)
dialog: My, I sound a bit --
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: I'm sorry. That was stupid of me. I
dialog: didn't mean to be so rude.
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: You weren't. You actually, for some
dialog: reason, you have the effect on me
dialog: of making me feel just a tiny bit
dialog: ashamed of myself.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: But not too ashamed.
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Now you are being rude.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: And you're still trying to get me
text: into bed.
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: Ouch.
text: Just then, Dorothy Franklin passes by their table, a smirk
text: firmly implanted on her face.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: Hello you two. Am I barging in on
dialog: some kind of religious study group?
dialog: Elena, you look marvelous. Will I
dialog: see you and Ben at the Halford's?
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: I suppose we'll make an appearance.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: And Reverend Edwards? Did you make
dialog: the list?
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: I believe so Mrs. Franklin.
speaker_heading: DOROTHY
dialog: With the two of you there it will
dialog: be positively a revival! I'm off!
text: She scurries out of the coffee shop.
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: I'm afraid she's something of a
dialog: gossip, isn't she?
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: (gathering her things to
dialog: go)
dialog: I'm afraid people around here
dialog: provide her with quite a bit to
dialog: gossip about.
dialog: (getting up)
dialog: Take care.
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: That I will indeed.
scene_heading: INT. CLASSROOM. DAY
text: Mikey is reading his English paper before the class.
speaker_heading: MIKEY
dialog: Because of molecules we are
dialog: connected to the outside world from
dialog: our bodies. Like when you smell
dialog: things, because when you smell a
dialog: smell it's not really a smell, it's
text: a part of the object that has come
dialog: off of it -- molecules. So when you
dialog: smell something bad, it's like in a
dialog: way you're eating it. This is why
dialog: you should not really smell things,
dialog: in the same way that you don't eat
dialog: everything in the world around you
dialog: - because as a smell, it gets
dialog: inside of you. So the next time you
dialog: go into the bathroom after someone
dialog: else has been there, remember what
dialog: kinds of molecules you are in fact
dialog: eating.
text: An embarrassed silence.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL MUSIC ROOM. DAY
text: Band practice. The New Canaan High School band is doing a
text: wind version of a popular rock tune.
text: In front, there's Wendy, in halter top and hip-hugging bell
text: bottoms, incongruously blowing away on her trombone -- this
text: being her one stab at extracurricular activities.
text: In the flute section directly behind her is Sandy, piping
text: away on a tiny piccolo. He sits on a riser slightly elevated
text: above her.
text: He directs downward at Wendy a protracted regard, a look of
text: intense concentration on his face.
speaker_heading: SANDY'S POV:
text: Wendy's backside, her pants pushed outward in the back,
text: affording Sandy a libido-charged view of the top of her bum
dialog: crack.
text: Push in on a close-up of this cherished abstract landscape,
text: then back to Sandy's furrowed face.
scene_heading: INT. CLUB RESTAURANT. DAY
text: Ben and Harold are at their table again. Lunch is being
dialog: cleared.
speaker_heading: HAROLD
dialog: It's not the taxes I object to.
dialog: It's all the fines and penalties.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Alright dad. But you sold the
dialog: house, you didn't tell anyone,
dialog: including the IRS, and I'd of
dialog: certainly liked to have seen if
dialog: there was any old stuff --
speaker_heading: HAROLD
dialog: It was all junk!
text: Another pause. Ben decides not to pursue an overworked topic.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Oh. Elena wanted to know when we
dialog: could expect you on Thanksgiving.
dialog: It's just going to be you this
dialog: year.
speaker_heading: HAROLD
dialog: Ben, I'm going to Florida. I hate
dialog: Thanksgiving and I hate the cold. I
dialog: have a new nurse. She's a negro,
dialog: she weighs three hundred pounds,
dialog: and I've decided to leave my entire
dialog: estate to her.
text: Ben spits his drink out.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: HAROLD
dialog: Jesus, Benjamin, you're still as
text: gullible as ever.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: That was a joke? You don't tell
dialog: jokes.
speaker_heading: HAROLD
dialog: I thought I'd start trying. If you
dialog: don't mind. But I am going to
dialog: Florida and I do have a new nurse.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN. EVENING
text: Ben sits in the moving train, commuting home. He puts down
dialog: his paper to look at this fellow passengers. [NOTE: He is in
dialog: the same seat as was Paul at the beginning of the film.]
scene_heading: INT. HOOD DEN. DAY
text: Elena sits in a yoga pose.
scene_heading: INT. HOOD GARAGE. DAY
text: Elena enters the garage from the kitchen and turns the light
dialog: on.
text: She finds an old bicycle and pulls it out.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN STREETS. DAY
text: Elena rides her bike into town, infused with the girlish
dialog: sense of freedom she imagined for her daughter.
text: Suddenly, there's a pop -- a tire is blown out. She slows
text: down and gets off the bike. As she bends to look at the
text: wheel, a station wagon slows near her. The driver's side
text: window rolls open. It's Janey Williams.
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: Need a lift?
scene_heading: INT. JANEY'S CAR. DAY
text: Elena sits in the passenger seat. The two women are obviously
text: uncomfortable with each other.
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Thanks again. For the dinner.
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: Thanks for eating it. I don't know
dialog: why I even pretend I can cook.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: I used to know how to cook.
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: It's not like we're too busy.
text: They smile, barely.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: I'm thinking of going back to
dialog: school.
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: Social work?
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: How'd you know?
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: Educated guess.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: I'm that predictable? No, you don't
dialog: have to answer that. It's just that
dialog: with the kids almost grown --
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: You don't have to apologize. I'm
dialog: too much of a cynic. You actually
text: seem to be trying to figure things
dialog: out -- don't mind me.
text: She pulls the car over.
scene_heading: EXT. FIVE AND DIME STORE. DAY
text: Janey's car pulls to the curb.
scene_heading: INT. CAR. CONT'D
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: Here you are.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: (opening her door)
dialog: Thanks for the lift. If the bike's
dialog: any bother--
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: None at all. I'll leave it in front
dialog: of your garage. Happy Thanksgiving.
scene_heading: EXT. FIVE AND DIME. CONT'D
text: Elena watches the car pull away. She turns and walks into the
dialog: store.
scene_heading: INT. FIVE AND DIME. DAY
text: Elena moves through the aisles, putting various sundries into
text: a basket.
text: She pauses in front of the lipsticks.
text: She picks up a lipstick, looks at it, then quietly places it
text: in her pocket.
text: We see her reflection in the security mirror above the aisle,
text: as she quickly exits the store.
text: The middle-aged lady behind the counter watches her leave.
scene_heading: EXT. FIVE AND DIME. DAY
text: In a wide shot, from across the street, we see Elena leave
text: the store, followed by the shopkeeper who runs behind her and
text: taps her on the shoulder. They converse for a minute, and
text: Elena is accompanied back into the store.
text: Through the store windows we see her take the lipstick out of
text: her purse. She's obviously distraught -- offering to pay,
text: talking quickly, etc. The shopkeeper is holding a telephone,
text: not yet decided on whether to call her in.
speaker_heading: PAUL (V.O.)
dialog: To find yourself in the Negative
dialog: Zone, as the Fantastic Four often
dialog: do, means that all everyday
dialog: assumptions are inverted -- even
text: the invisible girl herself becomes
text: visible, and so she loses the last
text: semblance of her power.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN. DAY
text: Close on images from The Fantastic Four.
text: "HERE IN THE NEGATIVE ZONE, HIS
text: POWERS ARE HALVED. WE CAN DO
text: NOTHING BUT WAIT... AND PRAY" "BUT
text: WHAT ABOUT FRANKLIN? HE'LL BE
dialog: KILLED!"
text: Paul sits reading on his way home.
scene_heading: EXT. WILLIAMS HOUSE. DAY
text: Janey pulls up in the driveway. As she gets out of the car,
text: she hears a small explosion from the back of the house.
scene_heading: EXT. HOOD BACKYARD. DAY
text: Janey comes around the back to discover Sandy stuffing a
text: model airplane with m-80 firecrackers. He lights them and
text: runs back a safe distance. The plane explodes, its wreckage
text: joining the debris from a few other dolls, models, and toys.
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: Sandy!
text: Sandy looks up -- busted.
text: Janey marches over to him.
speaker_heading: JANEY (CONT'D)
dialog: You little idiotic prick, you could
dialog: blow yourself fucking sky high with
dialog: all this demented crap.
text: Sandy looks on the verge of tears. She softens and bends down
text: to him.
speaker_heading: JANEY (CONT'D)
dialog: (sighing)
dialog: Hey.
dialog: (picking up the
dialog: firecrackers)
dialog: I'll take this stuff.
speaker_heading: SANDY
dialog: You going to tell dad?
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: Would it matter?
dialog: (sees something else lying
dialog: on the ground)
dialog: And what's that?
speaker_heading: SANDY
dialog: (sniffling)
dialog: You know, it's the whip -- the one
dialog: uncle Frank got me from Mexico.
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: It's not packed with explosives, is
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: SANDY
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: (going into the house)
dialog: Play with the whip.
scene_heading: INT. WILLIAMS LIVING ROOM. DAY
text: Mikey and Wendy are in front of the TV, watching a rerun of
dialog: Divorce Court.
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: Oh. Hi Wendy.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Hi Mrs. Williams.
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: Mikey, have you heard the
dialog: explosions coming from the
dialog: backyard?
text: (he stares blankly at her)
dialog: Do you know what Sandy's been up
dialog: to?
speaker_heading: MIKEY
dialog: (honestly oblivious, as
dialog: usual)
dialog: I dunno.
text: She pauses, then walks into the kitchen.
scene_heading: EXT. WILLIAMS BACKYARD. DAY
text: Sandy flicks his enormous whip in the direction of a small
dialog: bush.
text: One by one, he snaps off its leaves.
scene_heading: INT. WILLIAM KITCHEN. DAY
text: Janey hauls a turkey out of a bag and into the fridge.
scene_heading: INT. WILLIAMS LIVING ROOM. DAY
text: Mikey and Wendy are still in front of the TV.
text: Janey comes in again and looks at them.
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: Don't you kids have homework?
scene_heading: MIKEY AND WENDY
dialog: (without looking up, in
dialog: unison)
dialog: Thanksgiving break.
text: She walks out of the room again.
text: Sandy comes in, whip in hand, looks over at Mikey and Wendy,
text: then walks over to them, and, without a word, slumps down
text: beside them and watches the TV.
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN STREET. DAY
text: Elena walks unsteadily, pausing to rest against a brick wall.
text: She takes a deep breath, then walks to a corner where a local
text: taxi station wagon sits idling. She gestures to the driver,
text: who beckons her in.
scene_heading: INT. WILLIAMS LIVING ROOM. DAY
text: Later, still mentally devolving in front of the TV, but with
text: various junk food detritus surrounding them and a different
text: show, a rerun of the original Highway Patrol.
text: Sandy wanders off.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: Later.
text: Wendy gets up, goes upstairs, and wanders down the hall to
dialog: the bathroom.
text: She gets to the door just as Sandy gets there from the
text: opposite direction.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: After you.
text: Sandy hesitantly opens the door, as Wendy still hovers by it.
speaker_heading: SANDY
dialog: Well, you can...
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Hey Sandy, what were you blowing up
dialog: out there? Your mom was pretty
dialog: p.o.'d.
speaker_heading: SANDY
dialog: All my model planes.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: The ones you built?
speaker_heading: SANDY
dialog: They were old. And they couldn't
dialog: fly anyhow. I'm going to get a
text: radio-controlled airplane at
dialog: Christmas, and then I'll stuff it
text: full of m-80s and then fly it into
dialog: Mrs. Burgess's English class and
dialog: blow it up.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: I have to go to the bathroom.
speaker_heading: SANDY
dialog: Yeah.
text: But he stays put, unaware it seems that he's blocking the
dialog: doorway.
text: Wendy looks around -- no one in sight.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: I'll show you mine if you show me
dialog: yours.
text: Sandy goes wide eyed, and almost against his will backs into
text: the bathroom like a feather.
scene_heading: INT. WILLIAMS LIVING ROOM. DAY
text: Mikey looks up from the TV, wondering where Wendy is. He eats
text: another Pringle.
scene_heading: INT. WILLIAMS BATHROOM. DAY
text: Wendy flips up her dress for Sandy.
text: He slowly unzips, his hand unsteady. We can tell from the
text: look on Wendy's face that she's feeling a bit sorry for the
dialog: little guy.
text: Suddenly Sandy turns beet red, and bursts into tears.
speaker_heading: SANDY
dialog: What do you want?! What do you
dialog: want? Get out! Get out of here!
text: The door flips open -- and Janey Williams appears.
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: (sizing up the situation)
dialog: Shit.
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM. DAY
text: Janey is giving Wendy a lecture
speaker_heading: JANEY
text: A person's body is his temple,
dialog: Wendy. This body is your first and
dialog: last possession. Now as your own
dialog: parents have probably told you, in
dialog: adolescence our bodies tend to
dialog: betray us. That's why, in Samoa and
dialog: in other developing nations,
text: adolescents are sent out into the
text: woods, unarmed, and they don't come
dialog: back until they've learned a thing
dialog: or two.
scene_heading: INT. WILLIAMS HOUSE DOORWAY. DAY
text: Wendy is led to the door by Mrs. Williams.
text: Wendy trades a glance with a sullen Mikey, who sits in the
text: living room pretending to ignore her.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET. DAY
text: Wendy walks her bike with the wind in her face.
text: From behind her, Mikey rides up on his bike and rides
text: alongside her.
text: She doesn't look at him.
text: Trying to stay on his bike, but moving slowly, he wobbles,
text: nearly falling off.
speaker_heading: MIKEY
dialog: I don't ever want to see you.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Then why'd you come after me?
scene_heading: EXT. HOOD HOUSE. DAY
text: The taxi pulls up. Elena gets out and pays the driver.
scene_heading: INT. HOOD KITCHEN. DAY
text: Ben is in front of the open freezer, trying to get something
text: out. He hears Elena come in the front door.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Elena. I need some help here if
dialog: this thing's gonna defrost by
dialog: tomorrow.
text: She comes up and together they tug and pull until they
text: succeced in extracting a large, frozen turkey. As they pull
text: it out, it slips from their hands and, after a dull thump,
text: slides along the floor.
text: They smile.
text: Elena bends over to pick it up. Ben observes her. She notices
text: his look.
speaker_heading: BEN (CONT'D)
dialog: Here.
text: He goes over and picks up the turkey, placing it in the sink.
text: He looks back at her and notices her vaguely distraught look.
speaker_heading: BEN (CONT'D)
dialog: You all right there?
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Oh. Sure, I -- Did you remember to
dialog: pick up the cranberry sauce?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Um, yes.
text: They stand together, his concern and her vulnerability
text: forming an awkward attraction between them.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Because you like it on your turkey
dialog: sandwiches.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I do. I'm -- are you...?
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: I... I think I am...
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You know Elena, I've been thinking--
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Ben, maybe no talking right now? If
dialog: you start talking, you're going to--
text: She kisses him as if she needed him.
scene_heading: INT. HOOD HALLWAY. DAY
text: Ben and Elena enter their bedroom. Elena closes the door
text: quietly behind her.
scene_heading: INT. HOOD BEDROOM. DAY
text: Ben and Elena undress shyly.
text: They make love. Elena's face is almost fearful.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Elena and Ben lie in bed side by side in the pale afternoon
text: light. Neither speaks. Ben turns on his side, and notices a
text: small tear forming in Elena's eyes.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: You crying?
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: I'm just sad Ben -- I mean it
dialog: was... you were, but, you know. I
dialog: just don't know...
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (gently making light)
dialog: Whatever that means Elena -- And
dialog: you complain about me not
dialog: communicating... I thought it was --
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: No, I didn't mean to sound
dialog: negative. It was -- But Ben.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What is going to happen with us?
dialog: Have you --
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: You have to bring this up now?
dialog: What? Did I do something here? Is
dialog: that it? Is it something I did?
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: I wasn't accusing you, Ben. It's
dialog: just that we've got to be honest.
dialog: Not just with ourselves, but with
dialog: the children.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (pause, sitting up)
dialog: Hell, I know. I -- I guess if you
dialog: want to accuse me, you've got --
dialog: (looks at watch)
dialog: Oh hell! I've got to pick up Paul.
dialog: I almost forgot.
text: He gets up and starts to get dressed.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: You were saying?
text: He smells the armpits of the shirt he's putting on.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Yikes -- I was hoping to wear this
dialog: thing to the Halford's Friday.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: That shirt?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Leave it -- I'll wash it for you.
text: He looks at her ruefully.
scene_heading: EXT. HOOD STREET. DAY
text: Wendy walks and Mikey rides along.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: You have to follow me?
speaker_heading: MIKEY
dialog: I dunno. I --
text: They're now in front of the Hood's house.
scene_heading: EXT. HOOD HOUSE. DAY
text: Ben exits the house in a rush, and sees Wendy and Mikey on
text: the street in front.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Hey there Mikey, how's business?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 85
speaker_heading: MIKEY
text: (tripping off of his bike)
dialog: Business? Uh, I dunno.
text: Ben grimaces, fiddles for his car keys.
text: As Mikey remounts and rides off, Wendy passes her father on
text: the driveway.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I'm picking up Paul at the station
dialog: - want to come?
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Nah.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: What you been up to?
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Nothing.
scene_heading: INT. HOOD LIVING ROOM. DAY
text: Wendy enters the house and climbs the stairs.
text: She sees the crumpled bed sheets in her parents' room and
text: hears Elena in the shower.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW CANAAN STATION. DAY
text: Paul walks to the parking lot with his father, who carries
text: his duffel bag.
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS. DAY
text: Ben's car heading back to the house with Paul.
scene_heading: INT. HOOD CAR. DAY
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: So how's school treating you?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: All right.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Classes?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Good.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Grades?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Fine.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Anyone special? You know...
speaker_heading: PAUL
speaker_heading: Hnnn.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Well it's good to see you -- we
dialog: miss you around the house and all,
dialog: but this St. Peter's, it's top of
dialog: the line, eh?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: You know Paul, I've been thinking,
dialog: maybe this is as good a time as any
dialog: to have a little talk, you know,
dialog: about -- well --
text: He makes a sharp turn. Paul puts his arms up on the dashboard
text: to steady himself.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (nervous)
dialog: About?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Well, the whole gamut. Facts of
dialog: life and all. Some fatherly advice,
dialog: because, I tell you, there's things
dialog: happening that you're probably old
dialog: enough... well...
dialog: (pause)
dialog: For example, on the self-abuse
dialog: front -- now this is important -
dialog: it's not advisable to do it in the
dialog: shower -- it wastes water and
dialog: electricity and because we all
dialog: expect you to be doing it there in
dialog: any case -- and, um, not onto the
dialog: linen, and not on your sister's
dialog: underwear or any clothing belonging
dialog: to your mother --
text: He pauses to gauge the effect of his monologue on his son,
text: then continues.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Uh, Dad --
text: Just then Ben runs a stop sign and almost slams into another
dialog: car.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Holy! Well. If you're worried about
dialog: anything, just feel free to ask,
dialog: and, uh, we can look it up.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Uh, dad, you know I'm 16.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: All the more reason for this little
dialog: heart to heart... great.
scene_heading: EXT. HOOD HOUSE. DAY
text: The car pulls up. Paul gets out, looking shell-shocked. He
text: sees Wendy waving to him from a second floor window. He nods
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Um, Paul. On second thought, can
dialog: you do me a favor and pretend I
dialog: never said any of that.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Sure dad.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Thanks.
text: In the doorway, Elena waits.
scene_heading: INT. HOOD HALLWAY. DAY
text: Paul knocks on Wendy's bedroom door. She opens it.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Hello, Charles.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Greetings, Charles.
scene_heading: INT. WENDY'S ROOM. DAY
text: Paul and Wendy sit on the floor.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: How are the parental units
dialog: functioning these days?
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Dad's like doing his Up With People
dialog: routine, mom hasn't been saying
dialog: much.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I don't know. Dad seems a little
dialog: weird.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Yeah well wait till mom opens her
dialog: mouth.
text: They both ponder silently. Then:
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: May I operate your telephonic
dialog: apparatus?
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Why don't you use the phone
dialog: downstairs?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Calling an individual, Charles, in
dialog: New York. Confirming a social
text: outing for Friday night.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Can I come?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: It's a one-on-one kind of date
dialog: thing.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: With who?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Her name's Libbets.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Libbets? What kind of a name is
dialog: Libbets?
scene_heading: EXT. HOOD HOUSE. DAY
dialog: Morning. To establish.
scene_heading: INT. HOOD BEDROOM. DAY
text: Elena is coming out of the master bathroom in a robe, a towel
text: wrapped around her head.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: The turkey in?
speaker_heading: BEN
text: Stuffed and baking.
scene_heading: INT. HOOD HALLWAY. DAY
text: Ben Hood pads down the hall in his bathrobe, tries the
text: bathroom door. It's locked.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Anyone home?
scene_heading: INT. HOOD BATHROOM. DAY
text: The shower is running, but Paul is standing by the open
text: window, puffing on a joint and trying to blow the smoke
text: outside.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I'll be out in a second.
text: Ben walks back to the bedroom, smirking.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Sure you will.
scene_heading: INT. HOOD DINING ROOM. DAY
text: One by one, each member of the Hood carried in a final item
text: to place on the overstuffed Thanksgiving table. Then, one by
text: one, they each silently take their seats.
text: They look over the table. No one moves.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Well, it's great we can all be
dialog: together. And this Thanksgiving, no
dialog: hysteria, no yelling, especially
dialog: with grandpa not here, although we
dialog: miss him. So let's do it right and
dialog: actually, Wendy, why don't you say
dialog: grace. You used to love to say
dialog: grace, remember.
text: Wendy grimaces, as they all bow their heads slightly.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Dear Lord, thank you for
dialog: Thanksgiving, and for letting us
dialog: white people kill all the
dialog: Indians...
text: Everyone looks up.
speaker_heading: WENDY (CONT'D)
dialog: ... and steal their tribal lands
dialog: and stuff ourselves like pigs
text: Mutterings and groans: "Wendy!" "For Christ's sake" etc.
speaker_heading: WENDY (CONT'D)
dialog: ... while children in Africa and
dialog: Asia are napalmed and --
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Jesus all right enough!
text: They all unceremoniously start to dig in.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
scene_heading: INT. WILLIAMS GUEST ROOM. DAY
text: Janey Williams is pouring Benjamin Hood a drink from a bottle
text: of vodka. Benjamin is already unbuttoned and shoeless; Janey
text: still fully dressed.
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: Here.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: After the Thanksgiving I had, I
dialog: need it. You having one?
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: In a bit.
text: She sits next to him, he kisses the back of her neck.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: You know, I think Elena might
dialog: suspect something.
text: Janey gives him a rather contemptuous look.
speaker_heading: BEN (CONT'D)
dialog: (thinking aloud)
dialog: Maybe it's all for the better, you
dialog: know?
dialog: Yesterday, at dinner, well, she
dialog: hasn't said anything... has she
dialog: acted funny to you, I mean, have
dialog: you noticed anything?
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: (almost ironic)
dialog: Have I noticed anything? I'm not
dialog: married to her Benjamin, you are. I
dialog: think you've probably a better
text: vantage point from which to observe
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Yeah, but, I -- I've been working a
dialog: lot lately, and -- No, that's not
dialog: it. I guess we've just been on the
dialog: verge of saying something, whatever
dialog: it is, just saying something to
text: each other. On the verge.
text: Janey gets up.
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: I'll be back.
text: Benjamin looks at her quizzically.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: Birth control.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Right. Gotcha.
text: She leaves the room.
text: He leans back onto the bed. Sits back up. Takes a sip of
text: vodka. Puts the glass down. Takes his socks off. He's now in
text: just his jockey shorts and shirt.
text: Faintly, he hears a door close. The front door?
text: He takes another sip.
text: He hears another sound.
speaker_heading: BEN (CONT'D)
dialog: Janey?
dialog: Nothing.
text: He goes to the door and carefully opens it.
speaker_heading: BEN (CONT'D)
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Janey?
text: He hears, quite audibly, a car door open, close, Janey's car
text: start and pull out.
text: He runs to a front window just in time to catch a glimpse of
text: her driving off.
speaker_heading: BEN (CONT'D)
dialog: Shit.
scene_heading: INT. GUEST ROOM. LATER
text: Benjamin sits on the guest bed, still in his underwear,
text: drinking from the bottle.
text: He gets up and starts to wander around the house, still
text: holding the bottle.
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM. CONT'D
text: Benjamin saunters through. He presses on the king-sized bed --
text: it undulates.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Water bed! Dig it!
text: He wiggles comically, making more waves.
speaker_heading: JUMP CUT:
text: Ben idly goes through Janey's drawers.
scene_heading: INT. WILLIAMS MASTER BATHROOM. CONT'D
text: He rifles through the bathroom cabinet, checking out the
dialog: medicines.
scene_heading: INT. WILLIAMS BEDROOM. CONT'D
text: He notices a garter belt hanging from the walk-in closet
text: door. He picks it up and twirls it.
scene_heading: INT. MIKEY'S ROOM. CONT'D
text: Benjamin walks in, an obvious look of distaste.
text: He sorts through a few of Mike's things -- monster eyes that
text: glow in the dark, The Sensuous Woman, etc.
text: He twirls the garter belt absentmindedly, then tosses it into
text: the back of Mike's closet.
scene_heading: INT. GUEST ROOM. CONT'D
text: He finishes putting his clothes back on. As he reaches for
text: the door, he hears voices and quickly steps back in again.
text: Teenage voices. Mikey and Wendy.
speaker_heading: MIKEY (O.S.)
dialog: See, no one's here. Maybe you want
dialog: to go to the basement?
speaker_heading: WENDY (O.S.)
dialog: Maybe we can just watch some TV.
speaker_heading: MIKEY (O.S.)
text: There's a TV in the basement.
text: Hood hears their steps down into the basement.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT. DAY
text: Wendy and Mikey stand in the middle of the semi-lit basement.
speaker_heading: MIKEY
dialog: Maybe we can mess around. You know,
dialog: only if you want to...
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: MIKEY
dialog: Why did you -- with Sandy?
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: MIKEY
dialog: You like him? He worships you.
text: But Wendy doesn't seem to hear -- she's drawn to an object
text: lying next to a bean bag chair off to one side.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Hey, what's this?
text: With a look of utter fascination, she picks up a Nixon mask,
text: looking at it as though it were an archeological find.
speaker_heading: WENDY (CONT'D)
dialog: Wow!
speaker_heading: MIKEY
dialog: Wendy!
text: She puts the mask on.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: (from behind the mask)
dialog: I won't take my pants off. But I'll
dialog: touch it. That's as far as it goes.
text: Mikey looks totally confused.
text: Remaining fully clothed, Wendy loosens Mike's belt, showing
text: no excitement from behind her mask, and lets him climb on top
text: of her for a dry hump.
text: Just then, a shaft of light hits them from the top of the
text: stairs -- Ben towers above them, looking down.
text: Mikey flips over immediately and pulls his clothes together,
text: grabbing a TV Guide as Wendy stands up, the mask still on.
text: As Ben descends Mikey, still stuffing his shirt-tail into his
text: pants, pretends to flip through the TV Guide.
speaker_heading: MIKEY
dialog: (muttering)
text: When worlds collide.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: MIKEY
text: 4:30 movie. When Worlds Collide.
text: Ben arrives, folds his arms.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: What the hell are you kids doing
dialog: down here?
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: What do you think we're doing, dad?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: What do I think? I think you're
dialog: probably touching each other. I
dialog: think you're touching that reckless
dialog: jerk-off, for god's sake, and I
dialog: think he's trying to get into your
dialog: slacks. I think, at fourteen years
dialog: of age, that you're getting ready
dialog: to give up your girlhood --
speaker_heading: MIKEY
dialog: Hey, hang on there, Mr. Hood --
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Don't you direct a single word at
dialog: me, Mikey. I don't want to hear it.
dialog: I'll be speaking with your parents
dialog: about this situation very soon. Bet
dialog: your ass on that, son. Young lady?
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Talking to me, dad?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Who else would I be talking to? And
dialog: take that thing off!
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: (pulling off the mask)
dialog: Well, then forget all this stern
dialog: dad stuff.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I'm not interested in your smart
dialog: ass remarks now, lady. Let's go.
dialog: Right now. You and I can discuss it
text: on the walk home.
text: She stands next to Mikey for a moment, both on the verge of
dialog: tears.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET. EVENING
text: Hood and Wendy walk through a cold drizzling rain.
text: He looks at her from time to time, then takes her arm.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Look, kiddo, don't worry about it.
dialog: I really don't care that much. I'm
dialog: just not sure he's good enough,
dialog: that's all.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I mean, he's not serious, he'll end
dialog: up living off Janey and Jim, you
dialog: watch.
dialog: It's just that you develop a sense
dialog: when you get older, if things are
dialog: going to work out or if they won't,
dialog: and sometimes it's not worth the
dialog: mess...
text: She looks at him. They keep walking. She walks through a
text: puddle.
speaker_heading: BEN (CONT'D)
dialog: Your toes cold?
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Yeah.
text: He stops and lifts her in his arms.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I'll carry you up the drive.
text: She puts her arms around his neck and he lifts her up.
text: On her face, as he carries her -- a look of blank but real
dialog: intimacy.
scene_heading: INT. HOOD FRONT HALL. EVENING
text: Hood and Wendy enter, wet and cold, muttering hellos.
speaker_heading: ELENA (O.S.)
dialog: (from the kitchen)
text: Dinner in ten minutes.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: You go dry off now.
text: Wendy heads for the stairs, Hood following.
scene_heading: INT. HOOD BEDROOM. EVENING
text: Hood finishes taking off his wet clothes as Elena enters and
text: turns on a light. She stands watching him.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Never guess where I found her.
dialog: Not much response From Elena.
speaker_heading: BEN (CONT'D)
text: In the basement over at Janey and
dialog: Jim's. With that weirdo Mikey. Not
text: even a TV on.
text: And they're on the floor and he's
dialog: got his trousers down though thank
dialog: goodness she's still dressed. Well,
dialog: I really let him have it!
dialog: (a nervous laugh)
dialog: ... and Wendy came home
dialog: peacefully... Hey, should I dress
dialog: for the Halford's now, or - give me
dialog: your -
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Up to you. I'd like to go early and
dialog: leave pretty soon after that.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I get you loud and clear... hey,
dialog: you look nice.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: So what were you doing in the
dialog: Williams' basement anyway?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Oh, just dropping off a coffee cup.
dialog: Jim left it, last time he was over.
dialog: It was on the dash of the car. You
dialog: were, you know, reading, thought
dialog: I'd just catch some air. Let's eat.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Oh right. The mustache coffee cup.
text: The one that was sitting on the
dialog: dash.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Yeah, that one.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: That one.
text: She walks down to the kitchen, Benjamin following her.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN. EVENING
text: Wendy is already in the kitchen, fishing through the drawers
dialog: for silverware and napkins.
text: Paul enters.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: See you.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Stay out of trouble.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: You'll be on the 10:30 train?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: 11:30?
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Paul --
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Ah let the guy have his fun. What's
dialog: the name of this girl with the Park
dialog: Avenue address?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Libbets. Libbets Casey.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Libbets? What kind of name is
dialog: Libbets?
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN. NIGHT
text: A silent dinner of turkey sandwiches with Elena, Benjamin,
text: and Wendy. The turkey carcass sits, embarrassed, in the
text: middle of the table.
text: Wendy, finished, gets up from the table. Opens the fridge,
text: but finds nothing. Then goes to the candy shelf and grabs
text: some Hot Tamales, leaving the room without a word and going
text: into the den.
scene_heading: INT. DEN. NIGHT
text: Wendy turns the TV on.
speaker_heading: TV
dialog: ... and that ends today's highlight
dialog: coverage of the Watergate affair.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Shoot.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN. NIGHT
text: Hood and Elena rise from the table with their dishes.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: What's for dessert?
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: See for yourself.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: No advice from the experts, huh?
text: His plate slips out of his hands into the trash. He fishes it
text: out and sets it on the counter.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Don't start.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: You think I --
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: I have no idea.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: What's on your mind? Don't --
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: It wouldn't make a pleasant
dialog: evening, if that's what you're
dialog: after. I don't want to talk about
dialog: it. Stupid mustache cup.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Don't be dim.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Elena, what are you're talking
dialog: about?
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: I'm not surprised.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Listen, Elena, if you're gonna pull
dialog: that passive aggressive stuff on me
dialog: again --
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Your unfaithfulness -- that's what
dialog: I'm trying to talk about. Your
dialog: unfaithfulness. Your betrayal. Your
dialog: dalliance. And you won't do me the
dialog: dignity of being up front about it.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (quieter)
dialog: Am I unfaithful? Is that what
dialog: you're trying to say?
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: It's a starting place.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Well, what kind of faithfulness are
dialog: you after?
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: If you're going to insult me --
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: What else could I be? What else
dialog: could I be? We're not living in the
dialog: real world here. You're living out
dialog: some fantasy land from the past, or
dialog: some advice or something from those
dialog: psychoanalysts... there are some
dialog: hard facts here.
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: BEN (CONT'D)
dialog: It's the law of the land... the
dialog: government, the world, those two
dialog: guys on the Yankees... And I'm not
dialog: having any fun at it, I can tell
dialog: you that. I'm not...
scene_heading: INT. DEN. NIGHT
text: Wendy puts the volume of the TV up, to drown out a
text: conversation she can almost overhear but doesn't want to.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN. NIGHT. CONT'D
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Oh lord. You think I'm so dense.
dialog: And now you want to be seen with
dialog: your dense wife at the cocktail
dialog: party. You want to wear that
dialog: ridiculous shirt which doesn't go
dialog: with those pants at all. You want
dialog: to wear that, and you want me to
dialog: shake hands with your friends and
text: make conversation and dress up in
text: an outfit that shows a lot of
dialog: cleavage and you're not going to
dialog: accord me the respect of talking
dialog: honestly about this... You don't
dialog: really know what this feels like.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Sure I do. Do I know what
dialog: loneliness feels like? Sure I do. I
dialog: know a lot about it, if that's what
dialog: you mean.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Benjamin. That's supposed to
dialog: explain it?
text: Seemingly tired, he stands before her. Silence. Elena sighs,
text: then walks into the den.
scene_heading: INT. DEN. NIGHT
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: We're going to the Halford's. The
dialog: number's on the calendar in the
dialog: kitchen. We should be home around
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: WENDY
text: (eyes still glued to the
dialog: TV)
dialog: Is it a big party? A big
dialog: neighborhood party?
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: I suppose. Why?
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Just curious. If there's a problem,
dialog: I guess I'll just call you there to
dialog: interrupt.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: What sort of problems are you
dialog: planning exactly?
text: Elena kisses the top of her head.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: (still watching the TV)
dialog: Oh I thought I'd steal the station
dialog: wagon, drive up to a commune. Or
dialog: set the house on fire. You know.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Just bundle up. It's supposed to
dialog: freeze tonight. We'll see you in
dialog: the morning.
scene_heading: EXT. HOOD HOUSE. NIGHT
text: Elena and Ben emerge from the house, and look up at a
text: darkening, foreboding sky. A light rain falls. They jog
text: toward their car.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. HOOD CAR. NIGHT
text: The car moves slowly through the rainy suburban streets.
text: Inside, Elena and Ben don't speak.
scene_heading: EXT. HALFORD HOUSE. NIGHT
text: Their Firebird pulls up. There are already many other cars
text: parked on the lawn and driveway.
scene_heading: INT. HALFORD FOYER. NIGHT
text: Hood and Elena enter. Dot Halford accosts them.
speaker_heading: DOT
dialog: Ben, Elena. Wonderful! Wonderful!
dialog: So wonderful to see you.
text: Finishing the last of a celery canoe, she kisses the air next
text: to Ben's ear and gives Elena a manic hug.
text: Then, picking up a white salad bowl from the hall table:
speaker_heading: DOT (CONT'D)
dialog: Would you care to play? New this
dialog: year.
text: Close on: the bowl full of keys.
speaker_heading: DOT (CONT'D)
dialog: Strictly volunteer, of course. You
dialog: can put your coats in the library
dialog: if you like.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Oh, damn. Uh, I've left the --
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: You've...
speaker_heading: ELENA
text: In the car.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Oh, yeah. Yeah, we'll be right
dialog: back, Dot.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. CAR. CONT'D
text: Ben and Elena climb back in the car and close the doors,
text: shivering.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: This just isn't the best moment for
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I know, I know. I had no idea --
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: That this was going to be a key
dialog: party?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Yeah, well, if we'd understood we
dialog: could have invented some kind of
dialog: excuse. A key party -- did you see
dialog: how stuffed that bowl was already?
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Well?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I think we're here and we don't
dialog: have to stay -- we ought simply to
dialog: put in an appearance and then we
dialog: can head home.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Damn it, Ben --
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I'm not staying at this party so we
dialog: can go home with someone else's
dialog: wife. That's not why we're here,
dialog: right? We're simply being neighbors
dialog: here, and I think we should do just
dialog: that --
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: You're not going to --
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I'm not.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: You have some marker, that's what I
dialog: think, if you want to know the
dialog: truth.
dialog: You have some marker and you're
dialog: going to put it on the house keys
dialog: so that Janey can find them and
dialog: then when I get back to the house
dialog: I'll find the two of you in there
dialog: and Wendy'll be able to hear you
dialog: and Paul will be back and he'll
dialog: hear you and I'll catch you, that's
dialog: what I think. She'll be swearing
text: and banging against the wall and
dialog: I'll catch --
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Elena.
text: She rubs her eyes.
speaker_heading: BEN (CONT'D)
dialog: Elena, it's not what you think.
dialog: It's not a big plot. Honestly.
dialog: Honestly. I don't know if you want
dialog: to go over this now, but it's just
dialog: something that comes over me. I
dialog: don't feel good about it. I know
dialog: I've done what I didn't want to do.
dialog: I don't know --
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Well, I'm really pleased to hear a
dialog: confession.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Elena, you're just getting wound up
dialog: to get wound up.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Thanks for the diagnosis, Ben.
dialog: Thank you. So let's just go to this
dialog: fiasco if that's what you want to
dialog: do. Let's just go on in. I'd rather
dialog: talk to anyone else but you.
text: She pulls the keys out of the ignition, gets out of the car,
text: and slams the door. He follows her.
scene_heading: INT. HALFORD FOYER. NIGHT
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Oh, Dot!
text: Elena, entering the house again, tosses the keys at Dot
text: Halford, who looks surprised.
text: Hood slides in behind his wife.
text: Dot drops the keys into the bowl.
text: Slow-motion, close up: the keys, on their equine chain, fall
text: in with a THUNDEROUS CRASH.
scene_heading: INT. HALFORD LIVING ROOM. CONT'D
text: The room is crowded with nervous, expectant couples and
text: various groupings.
text: Elena slips into a side room.
text: Benjamin heads over immediately to the drink table and pours
text: a stiff one, turning around to find at his elbow none other
dialog: than George Clair.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Benjie!
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Clair, George Clair! What the hell
dialog: brings you to New Canaan?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Well, it's the funniest thing. I've
dialog: been talking to some investors -- a
dialog: little outside venture, you
dialog: understand, between you and me --
dialog: about a scheme to manufacture a new
text: Styrofoam packaging. Little peanut
dialog: like pieces that can really keep an
dialog: item free from trauma during
dialog: shipping. Miraculous. Anyway, it
text: turns out the genius behind the
dialog: whole project is your neighbor, Jim
dialog: Williams. How about that!
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Well, hey, isn't that a one-in-a
dialog: million coincidence. A real
dialog: dreamer, Jim Williams, eh?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Darned right. Look here, Benj,
dialog: whaddya make of this sequel to The
dialog: Godfather? You think it's gonna
dialog: work?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Don't see how. I think the public's
dialog: had its fill of this gangster
dialog: stuff. No, trust me -- disaster
text: pics. And air hockey.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Yeah, good.
text: Benjamin catches a glimpse of Janey, voluptuously attired,
text: across the room.
speaker_heading: GEORGE (CONT'D)
dialog: Well, gonna make a break for the
dialog: hors d'oeuvres guy.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Yeah, see you bright and early
dialog: Monday am.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Say, where's the wife?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
text: (winking as he goes)
dialog: In Rhode Island with the folks. I'm
dialog: a free agent tonight.
text: At this, they both notice Elena slowly gliding across the
text: other side of the room. Clair gives Ben a sideways glance,
text: then moves on.
text: Ben makes straight for Janey, who pretends to be preoccupied
text: with a plant.
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: Oh jeez, Benjie. Well, here you
dialog: are.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Damn right, but where the hell were
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: (looking around)
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (whispering, but too
dialog: loudly)
dialog: Don't bullshit me around, Janey.
dialog: Jesus Christ, I waited around for
dialog: more than half an hour, in nothing
dialog: but my boxer shorts, and -- and
dialog: what's all that about? What the
dialog: hell happened?
text: Janey takes a sip of her drink.
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: A prior engagement overcame me.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: Listen, Benjamin Hood. I have
dialog: obligations that precede your...
dialog: from before you showed up. One or
dialog: two, you know, good-natured
dialog: encounters, that doesn't mean
dialog: I'm... I'm not just some toy for
dialog: you. When I remembered some chores
dialog: I wanted to get done before the
dialog: party, I just did them, that's all,
dialog: because I wanted to do them before
dialog: I saw Jimmy.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Jimmy? Jimmy? I don't know how to
dialog: take this. And what do you mean,
dialog: Jimmy? I thought you said you and
dialog: your husband --
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: How you take it isn't all that
dialog: interesting to me, Benjamin. I'm
dialog: sorry --
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I just can't believe you could be
dialog: so --
text: Stalling, he watches her take another sip of her drink and
dialog: wander off.
text: The air is filled with talk of Watergate, Billie Jean King,
dialog: the Oil Crisis, the Mets.
text: Benjamin goes over to the couch, where Dave Gorman is
text: chatting up an attractive younger woman.
speaker_heading: GORMAN
dialog: (lighting up a joint)
dialog: Welcome to the Monkey House has
dialog: been a seminal influence on me --
dialog: hey Benjamin -- give it a try? This
dialog: stuff will make some sense out of
dialog: those larger questions.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (waving it away)
dialog: Thanks for the advice Dave.
text: But then, Benjamin changes his mind.
speaker_heading: BEN (CONT'D)
dialog: Uh, well, what the hey...
text: Taking the joint, he tugs on it, holding the smoke in his
dialog: lungs.
speaker_heading: BEN (CONT'D)
dialog: (coughing)
dialog: Good shit.
speaker_heading: GORMAN
dialog: Sure is good shit. It's opiated. I
dialog: had it in my chamber for a while. I
dialog: was smoking this other --
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: It's what?
speaker_heading: GORMAN
dialog: Don't fret, Benjie, it's --
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Darn it, Dave.
text: He rises unsteadily, weaving through the room's
dialog: conversations.
scene_heading: JACK MOELLERING
dialog: Take California. They've got their
dialog: own airline in-state that's not
dialog: subject to the fare controls.
dialog: Compare Sacramento to L.A. on the
dialog: controlled airlines and you'll see
dialog: what Friedman is saying -- supply
dialog: and demand, less restriction.
text: Benjamin walks over to a window. The outdoor lamps illuminate
text: a new and heavy downpour of frozen sleet.
scene_heading: INT. CONRAIL TRAIN. NIGHT
text: Paul is seated, reading the latest number of The Fantastic
text: Four comic book. The cover displays a lurid, atomically
text: glowing baby.
text: The conductor walks through the cabin.
speaker_heading: CONDUCTOR
text: Approaching our final stop, Grand
dialog: Central Station.
text: Paul looks out the window at the tenements of Harlem, barely
text: visible through the walls of sleet. Soon the train enters the
text: tunnel toward the station.
scene_heading: EXT. PARK AVENUE APARTMENT BUILDING. NIGHT
text: Paul gets out of a cab and heads inside. He's met by the
text: doorman.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Libbets Casey, please.
speaker_heading: DOORMAN
dialog: Your name?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Paul Hood.
speaker_heading: DOORMAN
dialog: (a smirk)
text: Elevator on the right. Eighth floor
dialog: -- she's waiting for you.
scene_heading: INT. HALL IN FRONT OF LIBBETS' APARTMENT DOOR. NIGHT
text: Paul rings the bell.
speaker_heading: LIBBETS (O.S.)
dialog: (from the other side of
dialog: the door)
dialog: Open it Paul!
text: Paul opens the door, and enters the apartment.
scene_heading: INT. LIBBETS' APARTMENT. NIGHT
text: It's half dark, has an air of old wealth.
text: Libbets skids across the parquet floor to him.
speaker_heading: LIBBETS
dialog: Excellent. We were waiting!
text: She turns and runs into the den.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: We?
text: And there, in the den, cleaning an ounce of dope on an open
dialog: copy of Nixon's Six Crises, is -- Francis.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: (lifting the book up)
dialog: You oughtta read this Hood, Nixon,
dialog: our leader, all ye need know about
dialog: the travails of life. Check out the
dialog: Checkers speech stuff.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (all hope drained from
dialog: him)
dialog: Francis. You gonna leave the seeds
dialog: in there? In the binding like that?
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: All will be revealed, baby.
text: The television is turned on to a weather report about the
text: coming ice storm.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS (CONT'D)
text: Awesome sleet and rain.
speaker_heading: LIBBETS
dialog: Major.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Howdy there. You, young knight. Can
dialog: you check on the mead? Can you
dialog: sally forth and secure us some more
dialog: mead?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: (nasal voice,
text: impersonating a TV
dialog: character)
dialog: Moisture! Moisture!
speaker_heading: LIBBETS
dialog: (pointing)
text: Beer. In the pantry.
text: Paul trudges disconsolately out of the room.
scene_heading: INT. LIBBETS KITCHEN. NIGHT
text: Paul, after wandering a maze of halls, enters the kitchen,
text: where he takes a six-pack out of the fridge and returns to
text: the living room.
scene_heading: INT. LIBBETS LIVING ROOM. NIGHT
text: He enters the room with the beer.
speaker_heading: LIBBETS
text: Frankie opens them with his teeth.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (handing him a beer)
dialog: Hey, it's a sellable skill.
text: Francis licks closed a second joint, then takes the beer and
text: opens it with his rear molars.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Hell on the fillings.
text: Paul opens the other two beers and hands one to Libbets. They
text: light up a joint.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Everything's gonna freeze, the big
dialog: freeze.
speaker_heading: LIBBETS
dialog: Yeah, Paul, are you gonna get home
dialog: okay?
text: Paul and Francis exchange a look.
text: She puts an Allman Brothers tape on the 8-track and turns the
dialog: TV down.
scene_heading: INT. HOOD BATHROOM. DAY
text: Wendy enters the bathroom.
text: She fills the sink with water, then turns off the tap. She
text: takes a razor blade from the counter, and slowly,
text: determinedly, holds it to her wrist.
text: She presses it into her skin, drawing a small drop of blood.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Ouch!
text: She drops the blade and splashes water on her wrist, grabbing
text: some toilet paper and holding it against the tiny wound.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Stupid.
text: She hears the phone ring and walks downstairs.
scene_heading: INT. HOOD DEN. NIGHT
text: Wendy picks up the phone.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Hood residence.
scene_heading: INT. WILLIAMS KITCHEN. NIGHT
text: Mikey is on the other end of the line.
speaker_heading: MIKEY
dialog: You're parents at that party?
speaker_heading: INTERCUT:
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Yeah. Yours?
speaker_heading: MIKEY
dialog: You get in trouble?
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Maybe. Can't really tell yet.
speaker_heading: MIKEY
dialog: I'm sorry if I got you into
dialog: trouble. Maybe we don't have to,
dialog: you know... unless you really want
dialog: to.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: I'm going to Silver Meadow, check
dialog: out the ice storm... You wanna
dialog: come.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Maybe.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Yeah. OK.
scene_heading: INT. WILLIAMS HOUSE. NIGHT
text: Mikey, bundled up in a huge orange ski parka and cap, heads
dialog: for the door.
speaker_heading: SANDY
dialog: Where you going?
speaker_heading: MIKEY
dialog: Out.
speaker_heading: SANDY
text: It's freezing.
speaker_heading: MIKEY
dialog: (pausing)
dialog: Yeah. When it freezes, I guess that
text: means the molecules are not moving.
dialog: So when you breathe, there's
dialog: nothing in the air, you know, to
dialog: breathe in to your body. The
dialog: molecules have stopped. So it's
dialog: clean.
text: Sandy just looks at him. He walks out into the night.
scene_heading: INT. HALFORD'S. NIGHT
text: Elena sits on a couch, talking to no one, barely looking up,
text: when someone stands in front of her.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Reverend Edwards.
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: Perhaps you might find it in your
dialog: heart to call me Philip?
text: He sits beside her.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: You're here... I'm a bit surprised.
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: Sometimes the shepherd needs the
dialog: company of the sheep.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: I'm going to try hard not to
dialog: understand the implications of that
dialog: simile.
text: Philip's about to reply, but thinks better of it.
text: They sit glumly next to each other for a minute. Then Philip
text: rises.
speaker_heading: PHILIP
dialog: Forgive me.
text: He walks swiftly to the hall and hurriedly fishes his keys
text: out of the bowl, then heads for the door.
speaker_heading: TED FRANKLIN
dialog: (passing by)
dialog: I hope those weren't my keys.
text: He laughs at his own joke as Philip rushes out the front
dialog: door.
text: Back to Elena, even more forlorn than before.
scene_heading: INT. LIBBETS APARTMENT BATHROOM. NIGHT
text: Paul enters the bathroom. We hear Francis' and Libbets'
text: voices from the other room, laughing.
text: He pees.
text: At the sink, he pauses in front of the medicine cabinet, then
text: opens it.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Eureka.
text: He pulls out some bottles.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Valium. Seconal. Uh,
dialog: (can't quite pronounce
dialog: this one)
dialog: Par-er-goric?
text: (a beat, looking into the
dialog: mirror for effect)
dialog: Francis Chamberlain Davenport the
dialog: Fourth -- tonight you sleep the
dialog: sleep of the just.
text: He pockets the Seconal and turns out the light.
scene_heading: INT. LIBBETS APARTMENT DEN. NIGHT
text: Paul re-enters the den to find Francis alone.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: And whence has yon virginal maiden
dialog: absconded?
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Like into one of the other 20 or so
dialog: bathrooms they've got in this
dialog: place.
text: Paul takes out the bottle and opens it.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Check it out. Not for the faint of
dialog: heart.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Pharmaceutical! You are a god.
speaker_heading: PAUL (CONT'D)
dialog: (picking up beer, trying
dialog: to hurry before Libbets
dialog: returns)
dialog: One for you and one for me.
text: He hands a pill to Francis, then pretends to pop one into his
text: mouth and takes a swig of his beer. As Francis downs his own,
text: Paul pockets his unswallowed pill.
speaker_heading: LIBBETS
dialog: (in the doorway)
dialog: No candy for me?
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Groovy.
dialog: (to Paul)
text: Young master of the revels, a treat
dialog: for our hostess?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Well, uh, I don't, it's really --
speaker_heading: LIBBETS
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Come on Paulie, share the wealth.
dialog: You copped 'em from her mom's stash
dialog: anyway.
speaker_heading: LIBBETS
dialog: Let's see!
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (hand in pocket)
dialog: Libbets, you really shouldn't mix
dialog: and match, you know with the beer.
dialog: I'll put 'em back.
text: Libbets reaches into his pocket and pulls out the bottle.
speaker_heading: LIBBETS
dialog: Oh far out, Paulie. Hey look, these
dialog: expired like five months ago. You
dialog: think they're better aged?
text: She opens up the bottle and takes one out.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Maybe you should have just a half.
speaker_heading: LIBBETS
dialog: Thanks for the advice dad.
text: She takes the pill.
text: Paul looks on, thwarted.
scene_heading: INT. HALFORD'S. NIGHT
text: Ben is back at the bar, pouring another tall one. Mark Boland
text: sidles up next to him.
speaker_heading: BOLAND
text: Benjie, feeling no pain.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: As the Indian saying goes, pain is
dialog: merely an opinion.
speaker_heading: BOLAND
dialog: (nodding across the room)
dialog: Hey -- check it out. Maria Conrad's
dialog: brought her son.
dialog: (walking off)
dialog: I wish some of the gang had brought
dialog: their daughters!
text: Ben feels a wave of distaste at the joke.
text: He looks across the room as Maria and her son Neil (stringy
text: hair, acne, tie-dyed turtleneck, patched jeans) are engaging
text: Janey and Philip Edwards in conversation.
scene_heading: INT. LIBBETS' APARTMENT. NIGHT
text: Paul, Francis, and Libbets sit on the floor, listening to the
text: music blasting at full strength.
text: Libbets and Francis are obviously on the verge of
text: unconsciousness. Paul regards them with a look of
text: apprehension on his face.
scene_heading: INT. HALFORD'S. NIGHT
text: Neil has now cornered Janey.
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: As Werner says, there is nothing to
dialog: get. That's It. When you get that
dialog: there's nothing to get. That's the
dialog: training, when you ask yourself,
dialog: the question, "What is is?"
speaker_heading: JANEY
dialog: Wait, this is the training, where
dialog: they don't let you go to the
dialog: bathroom?
speaker_heading: NEIL
dialog: That was the hardest part. But I
dialog: did it. And you get into some far
dialog: out shit.
scene_heading: INT. LIBBETS' APARTMENT. NIGHT
text: Libbets puts a blanket over a sleeping Francis, who's crashed
text: out on the floor in a corner. Francis alternates between
text: snores and various mumbled delirious ravings.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: The foot... the foot... toeclipper
dialog: man...
text: Paul is sitting on the couch, and Libbets comes back and sits
text: at his feet, facing up to him.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I guess he's just real exhausted
dialog: from, you know, tests and stuff.
text: Libbets is herself somewhat in dreamland.
speaker_heading: LIBBETS
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You know Libbets, I really feel,
dialog: you know, like a real connection to
dialog: you --
speaker_heading: LIBBETS
dialog: Yeah but you don't even know me
dialog: really.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Sure I do, you know, like your
dialog: aura. That you give off.
speaker_heading: LIBBETS
dialog: My what?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: It's like very positive, and I feel
dialog: a real special feeling, because you
dialog: really --
speaker_heading: LIBBETS
dialog: And I have a special feeling too,
dialog: because I do. It's special.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You do? I'm glad. Because I feel
dialog: for you --
speaker_heading: LIBBETS
dialog: And I have a feeling for you too,
dialog: because you're just like -- I feel
dialog: for you like you're -- you're just
dialog: like --
scene_heading: PAUL AND LIBBETS
dialog: (simultaneously)
dialog: -- like a brother.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Yeah, you're not alone with that
dialog: line.
speaker_heading: LIBBETS
dialog: I do.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Right. Cool. So, how about we take
dialog: a bath together?
speaker_heading: LIBBETS
dialog: (consciousness fading
dialog: fast)
dialog: Hah hah you're funny. A bath. Like
dialog: a brother and sister. Oh man, I'm
dialog: so wasted.
text: Her head bobs and weaves, her eyes close, and suddenly her
text: head falls forward with a whoosh toward the couch -- smack
text: dab between Paul's legs.
text: She begins to snore instantly, her open mouth nuzzling into
text: his crotch.
text: Paul doesn't move, doesn't even breathe. Then, slowly, he
text: leans his back into the couch, without shifting the rest of
text: his body.
text: He looks as though he has simultaneously won the lottery and
dialog: received a lobotomy.
scene_heading: INT. HALFORD'S. NIGHT
text: The crowd's a bit thinner than before.
text: As Dot Halford begins calling out for everyone's attention, a
text: few couples make their last-minute way to the door.
speaker_heading: DOT
dialog: OK everyone. We have a little
dialog: business to attend to now. So
dialog: everyone who'd like to stay, please
text: gather in the living room.
text: She scoops up the bowl and places it on a high end table
text: which has been put in the middle of the room.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (walking up to Elena)
dialog: Ready to go?
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: We're not going anywhere.
text: Elena waves at Janey Williams, who is standing across the
dialog: living room.
text: Janey looks back without expression.
scene_heading: INT. LIBBETS' APARTMENT. NIGHT
dialog: Libbets and Paul in the same position whence last we saw
dialog: them.
text: Paul delicately leans to one side of the couch and picks up a
text: phone. He dials a number.
speaker_heading: INTERCUT:
scene_heading: INT. HOOD LIVING ROOM. NIGHT
text: The phone rings. Wendy picks it up.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Hood residence.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Charles, what time is it?
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Is this Charles?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: What time is it?
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Um, ten-o-five. Why? Where are you?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I'm, uh, in the midst of a moral
dialog: dilemma. And I was wondering,
dialog: because I know you're a very moral
dialog: person, and --
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: And?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Shit. I can't really talk about it.
dialog: I guess I better get to the train.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: What are you doing at home on a
dialog: Friday night?
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: I have plans.
text: Paul hangs up the phone and looks down at Libbets.
text: Libbets' Allman Brothers tape has run out. The machine makes
text: a repeated clicking sound as the take up real continues to
text: circle. The only other sound is the noise of the wind and
text: rain lashing against the apartment's windows.
scene_heading: EXT. HOOD HOUSE. NIGHT
text: Wendy emerges from the house and gets on her bike, but the
text: ice makes it too slippery. The storm is now in full swing.
text: She gets off and walks.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET. NIGHT
text: Wendy walks, barely keeping her balance in the wind.
scene_heading: INT. HALFORD'S NIGHT
text: All the couples are now gathered for the key selection
text: process, men on one side of the room, women on the other. The
text: storm can be heard outside.
speaker_heading: DOT
dialog: Well, what shall the order be,
dialog: alphabetical? In order of
dialog: appearance?
speaker_heading: PIERCE SAWYER
dialog: Golf handicap! Lowest handicap does
dialog: the honors.
text: Nervous laughter.
speaker_heading: DOT
dialog: Golf handicap? Ladies, isn't it up
dialog: to you?
speaker_heading: MARIA CONRAD
dialog: Oh I'll go first, damn it. Let's
dialog: just line up and get it over with.
text: Maria chooses Stephen Earle. Hands the keys to him. A
text: smattering of applause as she takes his arm and they leave.
speaker_heading: MARIE EARLE
dialog: Good luck!
text: Neil watches his mother's exit.
speaker_heading: JUMP CUT TO:
text: A few more couplings.
speaker_heading: JUMP CUT TO:
text: Helen Worthington approaches the bowl. Helen Worthington has
text: the size and shape of a sumo wrestler.
text: There is a nervous shifting of weight on the male side of the
dialog: room.
text: Helen delicately reaches into the bowl. Her hands emerge with
text: a key chain.
text: George Clair steps forward, obviously depressed, as a
text: collective sigh of relief goes up from behind him. Ben looks
text: on, momentarily triumphant.
text: Elena smiles to herself.
speaker_heading: JUMP CUT TO:
text: The Gadds choose each other.
speaker_heading: MRS. GADD
dialog: Oh, my own husband. Isn't that
dialog: against the rules?
speaker_heading: DOT
dialog: Try again?
speaker_heading: MRS. GADD
dialog: (relieved)
dialog: Oh, I think not.
text: Mr. Gadd smiles as they leave, obviously happy to go.
text: Finally, only Mark Boland, Neil Conrad, Janey and Jim
text: Williams, Rob and Dot Halford, Sari Steele, Benjamin and
dialog: Elena.
speaker_heading: DOT
dialog: Getting down to the wire!
text: Elena steps forward. Benjamin is obviously agitated.
text: Close on Janey's hands selecting -- away from Ben's equine
text: key ring.
text: She lifts up another key ring -- Neil Conrad, the teenager.
text: She hands the self-important-looking Neil his keys and they
dialog: turn to go.
text: Jim Williams smiles mysteriously to himself.
text: Ben suddenly lurches forward, semi-drunkenly, trying to
dialog: separate Neil from Janey.
speaker_heading: THE GROUP
dialog: (ad lib)
dialog: Hey hey Ben, hang on there a sec.
text: He backs off, ashamed, and, taking a step backwards, trips
text: over the coffee table.
text: Mark Boland helps lift him up.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Sorry... maybe I should... the
dialog: bathroom?
speaker_heading: DOT
text: Right down the hall, Ben.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: (muttering)
dialog: Sorry, I'm sorry. Uh, I'll be back.
text: Dot follows Mark Boland down the hall behind Ben.
text: Suddenly, it's just Elena and Jim Williams, and Sari Steele
dialog: and Rob Halford.
speaker_heading: ROB HALFORD
dialog: (taking Sari's arm)
dialog: Actually, we didn't put our keys in
dialog: at all. But you won't spread it
dialog: around? It's my party, and Dot
dialog: isn't... hey, we're just going to
dialog: slip upstairs for a while. You
dialog: folks like a cup of coffee or
dialog: something before we go?
text: Elena and Jim look at each other.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Rob, we'll fix it for ourselves.
dialog: You two go and get acquainted.
dialog: We'll let ourselves out the front
dialog: door.
text: Jim and Elena stand there alone.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Well, I have to say I don't have
dialog: much faith that my car keys are
text: still in that bowl. Doesn't seem
dialog: entirely safe, leaving your car
dialog: keys around?
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Let me.
text: She takes the bowl and dips her hand in. Two sets are left.
text: One, her own, she avoids. She takes out Jim's keys and walks
text: across the room, handing them to him.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Thanks, but -- oh, I don't think
dialog: so. It's been kind of a
text: discouraging evening.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: You couldn't have hoped for much
dialog: better when you came up the walk.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Somehow it was different in my
dialog: imagination when I thought about
dialog: it. Actually, I didn't think about
dialog: it at all, really.
text: They sit down on the sofa.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: You want coffee or something?
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Well, maybe they have one of those
dialog: filter jobs in the kitchen --
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Look, Elena, the fact that we're
dialog: neighbors... you know, close
dialog: friends, well it sort of makes this
dialog: a little strange, don't you think?
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: My husband is probably passed out
text: in the bathroom, or at least he
dialog: wishes he were. I've been married
dialog: to him for 17 years and I don't
dialog: have any intention of going in
dialog: there to get him... so what I'm
dialog: proposing is that since your wife
text: has gone off with a boy, and since
dialog: you are standing here alone, I'm
dialog: proposing that you and I do what
dialog: makes sense. Stay warm. Pass some
dialog: time. That's all.
text: They both look at their hands.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Now don't make me feel as if I'm
dialog: being too forward, OK? If you don't
dialog: --
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: What the hey. Let's go for a drive.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Okay. Shall we clean up around here
dialog: first? Do you think it's all right--
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Nah, that wasn't in the contract.
text: But they still walk around turning off lights.
text: In the hallway, Elena looks a bit mournfully at the light
text: seeping from underneath the bathroom door. She hears the
text: sound of running water from inside.
text: Then she goes into a sideroom and joins Jim. They pick up
dialog: their coats.
scene_heading: EXT. HALFORD HOUSE. NIGHT
text: Elena and Jim walk outside into the freezing, pelting rain.
text: Covering their faces, they jog to his car, an oversized
text: Cadillac. A thick glaze of ice forms on his windshield.
scene_heading: INT. JIM'S CADILLAC. NIGHT
text: They climb in.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: We're going to have to defrost this
dialog: thing for a while.
text: He turns on the ignition, and the vents start to blow cold
text: air at them.
text: He leans over and kisses her.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Do these seats go back?
text: That starts it. He jumps at her, unbuckling her and unzipping
dialog: himself.
text: They tangle uncomfortably for a few seconds. And then,
text: comically, he's in her.
text: With a groan, it's over in a flash.
text: Jim pulls himself off, readjusting his pants.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: That was awful, really awful. I'm
dialog: so sorry, Elena.
text: Elena has somehow worked herself into the cavity of the glove
text: compartment, and is trying to figure out how to extricate
dialog: herself.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Things are really rotten at home.
dialog: You wouldn't believe how rotten.
dialog: Janey's sick. She's unstable, I
dialog: guess... it's not the right time to
dialog: tell you... but that's it -- it's
dialog: like I can't make her happy, the
dialog: boys can't make her happy, she just
dialog: doesn't --
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Jim, maybe we should just go. I've
dialog: got to look in on the kids. Paul is
dialog: supposed to be coming back in from
dialog: the city.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Jesus, let me make it up to you --
dialog: I can do better than that, honestly
dialog: --
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Well, we can talk about it.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: That's fine. I wouldn't expect you
dialog: to see it any other way.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Maybe you just need -- look, can
dialog: you wait here a sec, I need to tidy
dialog: up -- just a minute, I'll be right
dialog: back. You'll wait?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Of course.
text: She opens the door and walks back to the house.
scene_heading: INT. HALFORD'S. CONT'D
text: Elena hesitantly walks to the bathroom.
text: She opens the door. Ben's sitting on the floor, next to the
text: toilet, woozily flipping through the pages of a magazine.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Elena.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Ben, I've got a ride home. Maybe
dialog: you should sleep this one off on
dialog: the couch here?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: I'll drive you --
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Ben.
text: She sits on the toilet next to him, stroking his hair.
speaker_heading: ELENA (CONT'D)
dialog: You're in no condition to drive.
dialog: We'll talk in the morning, OK?
text: He sits, accepting and quiet.
speaker_heading: ELENA (CONT'D)
dialog: You'll get some sleep on the couch
dialog: out there?
speaker_heading: BEN
text: (looking up at her, with
dialog: gratitude)
dialog: Sure. I'll try. And we'll talk in
dialog: the morning?
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: We'll talk in the morning.
scene_heading: EXT. WILLIAMS HOUSE. NIGHT
text: Wendy walks up the drive in the rain, pauses, then goes to
text: the front door and knocks lightly. The door swings ajar. She
text: pushes on it, and lets herself in.
scene_heading: INT. WILLIAMS HOUSE. NIGHT
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Anyone home? Hello.
text: Wendy wanders into the living room, then climbs the steps.
text: The sound of the wind and the darkness begin to scare her.
text: She goes into Mikey's room -- it's even more of a disaster
dialog: zone than usual.
text: She sees on the wall his dark-light poster of the 12 (sexual)
dialog: positions of the zodiac.
text: She notices the black garter belt on the floor, and picks it
text: up, absentmindedly swinging it in her hand as she walks out
text: of the room.
text: She walks back down the stairs and into the kitchen, leaving
text: the garter belt on the counter.
text: She opens the refrigerator, grabs a jar of peanut butter, and
text: scoops some up in her finger. As she puts her finger in her
dialog: mouth --
speaker_heading: SANDY
dialog: Wendy.
text: She gives out a little yelp.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Sandy, you scared the shit out of
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: SANDY
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Just thought I'd stop by.
speaker_heading: SANDY
dialog: Mike's out -- I think he went to
dialog: Silver Meadow to see if you were
dialog: hanging around there.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: SANDY
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Are you his girlfriend?
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: No.
scene_heading: INT. JIM'S CADILLAC. NIGHT
text: Elena gets in. They drive off silently.
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS. NIGHT
text: The car moves haltingly through the sleet and ice, inches up
text: a hill, then falters and slides back silently, circling a
text: couple of times before crashing into an embankment.
scene_heading: INT. CAR. NIGHT
text: As the car slides and crashes amid Jim's and Elena's screams.
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Yeah. You?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Yes. Well, I guess we can walk from
dialog: here.
scene_heading: EXT. CAR. NIGHT
text: Jim and Elena get out, shaky, from the car.
text: They pause for a moment.
text: The street lamp above them sizzles, but stays on.
text: They start to walk.
scene_heading: INT. LIBBETS' APARTMENT. NIGHT
text: Paul and Libbets, still frozen in the same position. Finally,
text: Paul gently pushes Libbets' head back.
text: It slides off his leg and, as Paul lurches forward in a
text: failed attempt to grab it, Libbets flops backwards, her head
text: hitting the carpet with a dull but decidedly loud thump.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Oh shit!
text: Paul gets up, looks down at her.
text: She snores.
text: He runs over to a side table and sees the clock: 11:10.
speaker_heading: PAUL (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh shit oh shit.
text: He grabs his comic books and runs for the door.
scene_heading: INT. TAXI. NIGHT
text: The driver impassively inches down Park Avenue.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Oh shit oh shit. C'mon!
scene_heading: INT. GRAND CENTRAL STATION PLATFORM. NIGHT
text: Paul sprints down the platform just as the doors are closing.
text: He barely makes it into the train.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN. NIGHT
text: Paul walks through the nearly empty train car and finds a
text: seat. He pulls his Fantastic Four comic book out of his coat
dialog: pocket.
scene_heading: INT. HALFORD KITCHEN. NIGHT
text: Ben makes his way to the kitchen, pours himself a cup of
dialog: coffee.
text: He sees himself reflected in the black glass of the cabinets.
scene_heading: INT. SANDY'S ROOM. NIGHT
text: Sandy and Wendy are sitting on the floor. He grabs his G.I.
dialog: Joe.
speaker_heading: SANDY
dialog: Check this out. He's supposed to
dialog: talk all kinds of stuff, but he's
text: like malfunctioned.
text: He pulls the dog tag on the doll, and G.I. Joe emits a
text: plastic macho voice.
speaker_heading: G.I. JOE
dialog: Mayday! Mayday! Get this message
dialog: back to base!
speaker_heading: SANDY
dialog: Same thing. Again and again.
text: Wendy takes the doll and yanks the cord.
speaker_heading: G.I. JOE
dialog: Mayday! Mayday! Get this message
dialog: back to base!
speaker_heading: SANDY
dialog: It's gonna get a lot colder
dialog: tonight, I predict. Probably a
dialog: blackout. Do you have candles in
dialog: your house?
dialog: I know where the candles are, and I
dialog: have my own flashlight. Over there.
dialog: Also, I know where every emergency
text: exit is on this floor.
text: During the course of his monologue, as Wendy looks on, Sandy
text: calmly ties a noose for his doll.
speaker_heading: SANDY
dialog: This knot's called a bowline.
text: He puts the noose over the doll's head, as Wendy holds him.
speaker_heading: G.I. JOE
dialog: Mayday! Mayday!
speaker_heading: SANDY
dialog: Let's hang him.
text: Sandy drapes the noose over the edge of a dresser drawer.
text: G.I. Joe dangles. They both look at him in silence.
text: The silence continues.
speaker_heading: WENDY
text: He's dead.
speaker_heading: SANDY
dialog: If it wasn't raining we could take
text: him outside and blow him up.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: He wouldn't blow up. He'd just get
text: all mangled or twisted.
text: She takes him down and lays him flat on the bed. And then
text: begins to remove his clothes.
text: Sandy looks on, desirous.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Well.
dialog: (noticing his lack of
dialog: anatomy)
text: It looks like someone got to his
dialog: private parts before us.
speaker_heading: SANDY
dialog: Communist Viet Cong.
speaker_heading: WENDY
text: They left it in the jungle.
text: They speak with high seriousness.
text: Wendy slides up on the bed where Sandy sits, a pillow on his
text: lap, and one by one, with exaggerated slowness, she removes
text: her snowboots, as if they were stiletto heels.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Can I get into your bed?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: With you?
text: Sandy begins to shake.
speaker_heading: SANDY
dialog: We -- we have to go to the guest
dialog: room. We can't stay in here. What
dialog: if Mikey? My parents?
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Don't worry about them. They're at
dialog: that party, getting drunk and
text: falling all over each other and
text: making jokes about McGovern and
dialog: stuff.
text: Sandy begins to cry.
speaker_heading: SANDY
dialog: It's just -- it's just --
text: She takes his hand, and they walk out of the room and down
text: the hall, into the guest room.
scene_heading: INT. GUEST ROOM. NIGHT
text: Wendy and Sandy enter. She sees the vodka bottle on the
dialog: dresser.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Want a drink?
speaker_heading: SANDY
dialog: Vodka?
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: You never tasted the stuff?
text: She fills the glass to the brim and hands the bottle to
dialog: Sandy.
text: They clink and each toss back a sip -- Wendy almost the
text: entire glass.
text: Sandy coughs and gags, but swallows.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Try again.
text: He does.
speaker_heading: SANDY
text: It feels warm.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: One more shot?
speaker_heading: SANDY
dialog: Okay.
dialog: They drink.
speaker_heading: WENDY
text: Under the covers.
text: Under they go, and soon every layer of clothing emerges.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: (feeling her way)
dialog: Get 'em off.
text: Sandy begins to laugh, and soon Wendy joins him.
text: They roll around on top of each other for a while.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Have you ever had a nocturnal
dialog: emission?
speaker_heading: SANDY
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: That's the name for when you wake
dialog: up and find this little pool of
dialog: sticky stuff, like after a sexy
dialog: dream.
text: Sandy shakes his head.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: They didn't tell you this stuff
dialog: yet? What planet do you live on?
text: Sandy doesn't answer, but climbs back on top of her and
text: kisses her neck.
speaker_heading: SANDY
dialog: I love you.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: That's nice. Are you drunk?
speaker_heading: SANDY
dialog: I don't know. How do I know?
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: I don't know either. You spin
dialog: around, when you lie down.
text: Sandy rolls off her and lies on his back.
speaker_heading: SANDY (CONT'D)
dialog: I don't think I'm spinning.
text: They cuddle up together.
text: He yawns. She yawns.
scene_heading: EXT. SILVER MEADOW. NIGHT
text: Mikey walks along the edge of the empty pool in the rain. He
text: climbs up on the diving board and bounces lightly on it, but
text: then gets off and stands, looking down at the pool again.
scene_heading: EXT. SILVER MEADOW. NIGHT
text: Mikey walks across the field.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET. NIGHT
text: The storm has let up. Mikey walks along. With a running
text: start, he slides on the ice down a hill.
text: He walks back up and slides again, hollering with joy. He is
text: an image of a tiny yet absolute and positive freedom.
text: The streetlights sputter on, then off.
scene_heading: INT. WILLIAMS GUEST ROOM. NIGHT
text: Sandy and Wendy lie asleep.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET. NIGHT
text: A power line is down. It hisses and HUMS -- a humming very
text: much like the humming Mikey has been hearing earlier.
text: The humming takes on the same transcendent tonality to which
text: Mikey has become so accustomed at such moments.
text: Mikey sits down on a metal street guardrail, to ponder the
text: sound and the snaking coil of electricity.
text: A strange look of almost religious wonder overcomes his face,
text: as the power line connects to the guardrail.
speaker_heading: MIKEY
dialog: Oh shit.
text: Glued by an electrical pulse to the rail, he shakes as the
text: current flows through him.
text: After a minute, his body slumps and slides down the road.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN. NIGHT
text: As Paul sits reading on he moving train, the lights inside
text: begin to sputter, and the train begins to slow. After a few
text: moments, the train grinds to a halt, and Paul and his few
text: fellow late night passengers are left in near total dark,
text: with only the light of an emergency exit sign above Paul's
text: head to light the scene.
text: The train is eerily silent.
scene_heading: EXT. HOOD CAR. NIGHT
text: Ben drives home.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET. NIGHT
text: An emergency vehicle, lights flashing, crawls by Ben's car.
text: He drives on slowly.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET IN FRONT OF WILLIAMS HOUSE. PRE-DAWN
text: Jim and Elena arrive on foot.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: You want to come in, get a cup of
dialog: coffee -- warm up? I can either
dialog: walk you home, or you could crash
text: in the guest room.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Sure. Maybe coffee.
scene_heading: INT. WILLIAMS KITCHEN. PRE-DAWN
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Phone's out. I hope the pipe's --
text: He walks into the kitchen. The pipes have begun to burst.
text: There's a water leak running down the walls, forming a puddle
text: on the floor.
text: Elena has walked into the kitchen behind him. She leans
text: against the counter, picking up the garter belt without
text: thinking for a second, then putting it back down.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Oh well. Why don't you put on some
dialog: dry socks -- and we've got some
text: rain boots in the guest closet back
dialog: there. Last room upstairs -- back
dialog: of the hall.
text: Elena climbs the stairs in her bare feet.
scene_heading: INT. WILLIAMS GUEST ROOM. CONT'D
text: Elena opens the door, and discovers Wendy and Sandy asleep.
text: She stands before the bed, and gazes down on them.
text: They look almost angelic.
text: Wendy, sensing her presence in the room, opens her eyes,
text: slowly coming out of sleep.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: (heartbroken, softly)
dialog: Get dressed.
text: Elena walks out of the room, back to the kitchen.
text: Wendy gets out of bed quietly, leaving Sandy sleeping
text: peacefully.
text: She looks at him lovingly, and tucks the blanket back up
text: around him.
scene_heading: INT. WILLIAMS KITCHEN. DAWN
text: Elena and Jim are drinking coffee.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: You should let him sleep.
text: Wendy enters. She looks inquisitively at the two adults.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Where's dad?
scene_heading: INT. HOOD CAR. DAWN
text: Ben continues to drive slowly. He looks out his side window,
text: and sees something. He puts on his brakes.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET. DAWN
text: Ben gets out of the car, and stands on the top of an icy
text: embankment. In a clump of bushes is the orange glow of a
dialog: parka.
text: He walks hesitantly toward it. Mike's body lies face down in
text: the wet ice.
text: Ben leans down and turns the body over, then stands back in
text: amazement and saddened shock.
text: He stands there for a moment, then picks Mike's body up,
text: carrying him over the hill and onto the street. We see now
text: that he is parked just a short block from the Williams's
dialog: house.
text: He bypasses his car and walks directly down the street toward
text: the house. The effort is obviously enormous. He falls from
text: time to time, then gets back up.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN. PRE-DAWN
text: Various passengers asleep.
text: Paul, hunched up in his seat under the faint emergency exit
text: light, cold. He reads his comic book by the light of the
dialog: emergency exit.
dialog: "DON'T YOU SEE, SUE? HE WAS TOO
text: POWERFUL... IF HIS ENERGY HAD
text: CONTINUED TO BUILD, HE WOULD HAVE
dialog: DESTROYED THE WORLD!"
text: Suddenly, the lights begin to flicker on and the hum of the
text: train's engines returns.
text: The conductor enters the car, blasting forth in his classic
text: nasal train conductor voice.
speaker_heading: CONDUCTOR
dialog: Good morning ladies and gentlemen --
text: On Paul, squinting in the harsh light.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN BRIDGE. PRE-DAWN
text: The train moves slowly through a suburban, semi-forested
text: landscape. On the street below the bridge, an emergency
text: highway crew is removing a fallen tree, their trucks aglow in
text: flashing yellow lights.
scene_heading: INT. WILLIAMS KITCHEN. DAWN
text: Elena pours Wendy a cup of coffee. They're both in their
dialog: coats.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: I don't like coffee.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: It'll warm you up.
text: Elena sits next to her. They both raise their cups and sip
text: the coffee, not noticing the simultaneity of their movements.
scene_heading: INT. GUEST ROOM. DAWN
text: Jim watches the sleeping Sandy, picks up the half-empty
text: bottle of vodka, pours himself a drink. The noise wakes Sandy
text: up. Jim sits down on the bed at his feet and takes a sip.
speaker_heading: SANDY
dialog: Dad?
text: Jim looks at him.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN. DAWN
text: Elena and Wendy hear a hollering from outside, get up to see
dialog: what it is.
scene_heading: EXT. WILLIAMS HOUSE. DAWN
text: Elena and Wendy come out the front door, as Ben lays Mikey's
text: body onto the ground before the front steps.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Ben?
text: He's too breathless to speak.
text: They stand there, looking down at Mikey.
text: Behind Elena and Wendy, Jim appears.
text: He pushes softly by them toward the body of his son.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Jim -- he was just up -- in Silver
dialog: Lane -- I think maybe -- a power
dialog: line --
text: Jim picks up his son.
text: He carries him silently into the house.
text: Sandy, now standing inside the foyer, pushes himself back
text: against the wall as they pass, without expression.
text: After a moment, from outside, the Hoods can hear Jim's
text: wailing.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Do you think? Maybe we should call
dialog: someone --
speaker_heading: ELENA
text: The phone's out.
speaker_heading: BEN (CONT'D)
dialog: Yeah. Well, we can just --
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Ben, I don't think he wants us
dialog: here.
text: Wendy has been watching Sandy through the screen door.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Wait, I --
text: She turns back up the front steps and gently goes in --
scene_heading: INT. WILLIAMS LIVING ROOM. CONT'D
text: on the living room floor, Jim is hugging Mike's body, his
text: shoulders shaking uncontrollably, sobbing.
text: Wendy walks and stands next to Sandy, who is filled
text: momentarily with a brief inexplicable rush of anger toward
text: her -- but she takes him and gives him an awkward, childlike
text: hug, then turns and runs out the door, joining Ben and Elena
text: on the driveway. Sandy watches her go, his face wet with
dialog: tears.
scene_heading: EXT. WILLIAMS HOUSE. CONT'D
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: Oh you know, for a minute I thought
dialog: it was --
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Paul? Yeah. You think --
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: He's probably been waiting all
text: night at the station.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: C'mon.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET. DAWN
text: Elena, Wendy, and Ben reach the car and get in. The car
text: starts and drives off.
text: There are more crews out cleaning up the storm's debris and
text: fixing the power lines as they drive.
scene_heading: EXT. CONRAIL STATION. EARLY MORNING
text: The train slowly pulls in. The Hood family walks down to the
text: end of the platform.
text: The train doors open, and Paul, tired and a bit cramped,
text: emerges. He sees his family gathered at the other end of the
text: platform, and walks to them.
text: They stand, silent, even dignified, awaiting him.
text: When he joins them they all walk silently to the car and get
dialog: in.
scene_heading: INT. HOOD CAR. EARLY MORNING
text: Sunlight floods in and temporarily blinds Ben as he starts
dialog: the engine.
text: He squints, his eyes tearing a bit from the light.
text: He looks around, first at his wife, then at his two children
text: sitting in the back seat.
text: He turns off the engine. Quietly, he begins to cry.
text: He turns to the back seat.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: There's something -- your mother
dialog: and I -- have to tell you two --
text: Elena puts her hand out, almost touching him.
speaker_heading: ELENA
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Ben.
text: Paul looks at Wendy, silently asking her what's happening.
text: She casts her eyes downward, as does he.
speaker_heading: ELENA (CONT'D)
text: (her hand still not yet
dialog: touching him)
dialog: Ben.
scene_heading: EXT. STATION PARKING LOT. MORNING
dialog: From above:
text: The car, the first morning light shining upon it.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
