dialog: 
scene_heading: THE BOONDOCK SAINTS
dialog: Written by
speaker_heading: TROY DUFFY
dialog: Shooting Script: White August 28, 1997
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. GOTHIC CHURCH 10:00 A.M. ST. PATRICK'S DAY
speaker_heading: DOWNTOWN BOSTON
text: As we open we see the inside of an enormous church. A young
text: looking PRIEST in his mid-thirties is finishing the delivery
text: of the Lord’s Prayer. In the back of the church, in the last
text: pew, there are two who kneel on the cold, stone floor.
dialog: They do not stand to sing, nor do they offer signs of peace
text: when told, but they pray. They grip and rub their rosaries.
text: They mutter their words in Latin.
text: CONNOR and MURPHY MacMANUS (mid-twenties) are shrouded in
text: thick waist length navy P-coats, worn leather boots and the
text: hungry clothes of the poor. The boys heads are shaved and
dialog: they have facial hair.
speaker_heading: MONSIGNOR
dialog: (dismissing young
dialog: priest)
dialog: Thank you Father Macklepenny, for
text: coming all the way across town to be
dialog: our guest speaker today. I hope you
dialog: found our little parish to your
dialog: liking.
text: Macklepenny takes his seat on the alter along side the regular
text: priests of the church. The MacManus brothers suddenly stand,
text: as all others remain seated. Each church goer between them
text: and the aisle shifts his/her position to allow the boys
text: passage, as if on command. The two turn and begin to stride
text: for the alter, eyes down, determined.
speaker_heading: ANNABELLE MACMANUS (V.O.)
dialog: (thick Irish accent)
dialog: They've never been like anyone else.
dialog: From the moment they were born, of
dialog: the same womb, on the same day, they
dialog: just had their own way, my boys did.
dialog: And I always knew that one day they
dialog: would do something of true greatness.
dialog: I just never expected they would
dialog: bring about such a... such a
dialog: reckoning.
text: The MacManus brothers are fraternal twins. As Annabelle
text: MacManus speaks, Macklepenny is taken aback as he scans the
text: congregation amazed to find that he is the only one who thinks
dialog: this out of the ordinary.
text: The monsignor begins his sermon. Macklepenny rises to stop
text: the boys from this disgraceful disturbance.
text: The elder clergyman finds Macklepenny's arm, keeping him
text: seated while shaking his head. Macklepenny's confusion gives
text: way to awe as he watches the brothers step onto the altar,
text: brush by the six seated priests, and approach the enormous
text: crucifix.
text: They both fall to their knees and kiss the feet of Christ.
text: They rise and as abruptly as they came, they turn and head
text: back down the aisle for the front door. They stop at the
text: rear of the church, turning to listen to the sermon.
speaker_heading: MONSIGNOR
dialog: (loud, authoritative)
dialog: ...and I am reminded of this holy
dialog: day of the sad story of Kitty
dialog: Geneviese. This poor soul cried out
dialog: time and time again for help but no
dialog: person answered her calls. Though
dialog: many saw, not one so much as called.
text: Her assailant wiped the bloody knife
text: off on her lifeless little body.
text: They watched as he simply walked
dialog: away. Nobody wanted to get involved.
dialog: Nobody wanted to take a stand... We
dialog: must fear evil men and deal with
dialog: them accordingly but what we must
dialog: truly guard against, what we must
dialog: fear most
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Is the indifference of good men.
text: The MacManuses turn and walk out the door.
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCH STEPS SUNNY MORNING
text: The boys put on their dark glasses and pause at the top of
text: the steps to light up their cigarettes. They both roll their
text: cigarette butts along their tongues and screw them into their
text: lips. In this unique way they light up, seemingly oblivious
text: to their synchronicity and mimic.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: (Irish accent)
dialog: I do believe the Monsignor finally
dialog: got a point.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: (Irish accent)
dialog: Aye.
text: They leave.
scene_heading: INT. NOLAND'S MEAT PACKING PLANT 4:00 P.M. SAME DAY
text: Murphy, wearing a white blood soaked smock and apron stands
text: around the corner of the entrance to the loading dock. He
text: grips a gigantic, bloody slab of meat and smirks. Connor
text: flips his cigarette out the loading dock and passes his
text: brother's hiding place. He notices the workers have stopped,
text: and are looking at him.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: What?
text: Murphy slaps Connor square in the face with the bloody slab.
text: Connor's face is caked with blood as he stands stunned. He
text: then leaps on Murphy, sending him into a pile of nearby
text: hamburger. He grabs a large cow tongue from a nearby heap
text: and begins slapping Murphy in the face with it as they both
text: laugh and the workers cheer.
text: Their boss, McGERKIN approaches with a very large woman.
text: Her head is clean-shaven. The two are still laughing, out of
text: breath, they turn.
speaker_heading: MCGERKIN
dialog: Boys this is Rose, Baum, Gurtle...
dialog: Gurtle.
speaker_heading: ROZ
dialog: Rozengurtle Baumgartner.
speaker_heading: MCGERKIN
dialog: You'll be training her today, and do
dialog: a good job.
speaker_heading: BOTH BOYS
dialog: Aye.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: (wipes hand and extends
dialog: it)
dialog: Pleased ta meet ya Rozie.
text: She points to a tattoo on her neck that reads untouched by
dialog: man.
speaker_heading: ROZ
dialog: I prefer to be called Rozengurtle by
dialog: men.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: (taken aback)
dialog: Okay then... let's get ya started.
text: Connor exits with Roz.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: Christ, that's the largest woman
dialog: I've ever seen.
speaker_heading: MCGERKIN
text: It's self-imposed affirmative action.
dialog: If we hire big, fat, angry lesbians,
dialog: then the leftist groups representing
dialog: big, fat angry lesbians, won't think
dialog: we're violating their rights.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: Well, how politically correct you
dialog: are. That's good stuff.
speaker_heading: MCGERKIN
dialog: Hey, those people can shut ya down.
dialog: They'll sue you into the ground
dialog: claiming they were put under mental
dialog: duress, inner pain. and sufferin'.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: Well, as long as we're hirin' fat
dialog: lesbians, give your ma a call.
text: Murphy laughs as he jogs away.
speaker_heading: MCGERKIN
dialog: Fuck you Murphy.
scene_heading: INT. NOLAND'S MEAT PACKING PLANT CUT STATION SAME DAY
text: Rozengurtle and Connor stand in front of a bunch of co-workers
text: who are cutting meat as it goes by on assembly.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: Okay, just cut off as much fat as
dialog: you can as it goes by and the rule
dialog: of thumb here is...
speaker_heading: ROZ
dialog: Rule of thumb?
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: (questioningly)
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: ROZ
dialog: Do you know where that term comes
dialog: from? In the early 1900's it was
dialog: legal for men to beat their wives as
dialog: long as they used a stick no wider
dialog: than their thumb.
text: Connor holds up his thumb and stares at it.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: Can't do much damage with that.
dialog: Perhaps, it shoulda been the rule of
dialog: wrist. Ha!
dialog: (he elbows her)
dialog: Rule of wrist.
text: She returns an icy stare. He hands her the knife. The co-
text: workers all seem wary of Roz.
text: Murphy stands on one side of Roz, Connor on the other,
text: surrounded by a tight group of workers. Everyone is within
text: ear shot of one another, cutting meat as it goes by. Knowing
text: glances are shared by everyone. It is an uncomfortable mood.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: Hey Murphy?
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: Aye.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: (slight smirk)
dialog: How many feminists does it take to
dialog: screw in a light bulb?
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: How many?
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: Two. One ta screw it in and one ta
dialog: suck my cock.
text: Everyone burst out laughing. Rozengurtle jabs a knife in a
text: piece of meat and turns to Connor. She pushes him and starts
text: walking toward him. He starts backing up, laughing.
speaker_heading: ROZ
dialog: (angry)
dialog: I knew you two pricks would give me
dialog: problems. Give me shit cause I'm a
dialog: woman. I'm not gonna take your male
dialog: dominance bullshit!
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: (trying to calm her,
dialog: but still chuckling)
dialog: Oh, come on now Rozengurtle. I was
dialog: just tryin' ta get a rise outta ya.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: Yeah. Just tryin' ta break the ice
dialog: is all.
speaker_heading: ROZ
dialog: (to Murphy)
dialog: Fuck you...
dialog: (to Connor)
dialog: ...and fuck you!
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: Oh, come on its St. Patty's Day.
dialog: It's all in good fun.
text: Employees gather around all the excitement.
speaker_heading: ROZ (V.O.)
dialog: Baumgartner sound Irish to you, fuck
dialog: face?
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: Now look Rozengurtle, we're sorry.
dialog: Just relax.
text: She reaches back and punches Connor full force in the face.
text: He takes the hit very well. He stops backing up.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: Why don't you save all your aggression
dialog: for protests and marches and what
dialog: not.
text: She suddenly drives her boot into his crotch, sending him to
text: the floor reeling with pain. Two female co-workers leap to
dialog: his aid.
speaker_heading: ROZ
dialog: You fuckin' slaves. Kowtowing to the
dialog: needs of men! Get up! Get the fuck
dialog: up! Leave him there.
text: Rozengurtle begins to turn, raising her fist to Murphy.
text: Murphy winds up and punches her square in the face. She lands
text: on her back. The on-lookers are stunned as he walks over and
text: stands above her.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: Guess you'll have ta change that
dialog: tattoo now, won't ya Rozie!?
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY MACMANUS' TENEMENT APT BUILDING DAY
text: The brothers get to the top of the stairs. Connor is hunched
text: over and moving slowly. Murphy giggles.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: Fuck you.
text: Connor flicks his cigarette butt out the large open loading
text: doors at the end of the hall. The red brick buildings stretch
text: down the alley both ways. The glowing butt falls to a filthy
text: resting place, directly next to a dented green dumpster with
text: half the paint job scraped off.
scene_heading: INT. CONNOR AND MURPHY'S APARTMENT EARLY EVENING
text: This is a decrepit, illegal loft. The boys enter, hang their
text: rosaries by the door and begin taking off their clothes.
text: Connor sits naked on the couch and gently places a bag of
text: ice on his crotch. Murphy stands naked in the open quantity
text: shower. Murphy turns on the water and sticks his hand in the
dialog: stream.
scene_heading: INT. CONNOR AND MURPHY'S APT EARLY EVENING
text: Connor, still seated, cracks open a Guinness and sips it
text: lovingly. The phone rings.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: MOM (V.O.)
dialog: Connor, is that you?
text: Something is obviously wrong in her voice.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: (interested)
dialog: Mother, is that you?
speaker_heading: MOM (V.O.)
dialog: Is that worthless brother of your
dialog: there? I want you both ta hear this.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: Ma, what's wrong?
text: Murphy shuts off the water.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: No fuckin' hot water man. That...
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: Shut it. It's Ma.
text: Murphy sees the concern in Connor's eyes and takes a step
dialog: closer.
speaker_heading: MOM (V.O.)
dialog: It's all your fault. Both you little
dialog: bastards. I was a fool to believe
dialog: you would bring me any peace. The
dialog: day your Da left us when you were
dialog: almost too young to remember, he
dialog: said the two of you would do me right
dialog: and make me proud, but he was wrong
dialog: and I got nothin' ta live for.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: Mother, what are you sayin'? You're
dialog: talkin' crazy here.
text: Murphy is drawing closer with concern.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: What's the matter with her?
scene_heading: INT. ANNABELLE MACMANUS' HOUSE IRELAND NIGHT
text: A wrinkly female hand grabs a large revolver resting next to
text: a half empty bottle of Hennessey.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: I finally found your Da's army
dialog: revolver, Connor.
scene_heading: INT. CONNOR AND MURPHY'S APT EARLY EVENING
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: What the hell are you doin' with
dialog: Da's gun!?
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: (widening eyes)
dialog: What the...?
speaker_heading: MOM (V.O.)
dialog: I got it ta my head now.
dialog: I got it ta my head now.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: What?! What are you doin'?
speaker_heading: MOM (V.O.)
dialog: I want ta tell ya one last thing
text: before I pull the trigger.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: Pull the trigger?! Have ya lost it
dialog: woman?! Now just calm down here.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: (eyes widen)
dialog: Oh my god!
speaker_heading: MOM (V.O.)
dialog: I...
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: No ma! No!
speaker_heading: MOM (V.O.)
dialog: BLAME...
scene_heading: CONNOR &amp; MURPHY
dialog: Oh Jesus, No! No! Oh God! No Ma!
speaker_heading: MOM (V.O.)
dialog: YOU...!
text: Connor and Murphy are both screaming in panic.
scene_heading: EXT. ANNABELLE MACMANUS' BACK STOOP NIGHT
text: Mom stands on the back stoop holding the door ajar with her
text: hip. She holds the phone receiver up in her left hand and
text: the gun directly next to it, in her right. She squeezes off
text: a loud shot toward the heavens.
scene_heading: INT. CONNOR AND MURPHY'S APT EARLY EVENING
text: As soon as the deafening sound pierces through the receiver,
text: Connor instinctively jumps up to a standing position. The
text: bag of ice bursts as it hits the floor and spreads across
text: it. He throws the receiver and covers his ears with both
dialog: hands.
text: The phone then falls to the ground, skipping through the
text: cubes as the boys dive for it screaming. The two naked,
text: hysterical boys fumble for the phone, flailing on their
text: stomachs in the field of ice. They finally catch it and both
text: put their ears to the receiver in panic. As they scream MA
text: intermittently, the pauses get longer and longer.
scene_heading: INT. ANNABELLE MACMANUS' APARTMENT NIGHT
text: Mom's got her hand covering her mouth, face red from holding
text: back laughter, as she walks back into the house. She can
text: take it no longer and she bursts out with hearty guffaws.
scene_heading: INT. CONNOR AND MURPHY'S APARTMENT EARLY EVENING
text: The boys are relieved, but angry.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: (grabs his balls,
dialog: rolls over)
dialog: Aaaww, shit!... evil woman!
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: Lord have mercy. That was a good one
dialog: ma.
speaker_heading: MOM (V.O.)
dialog: Oh, Jesus! No ma! Christ ma! No!
text: Murphy holds the receiver in the air. Mom's still laughing.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: (to Connor)
dialog: Oh, she's quite proud of herself.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: Okay, seriously, both you listen ta
dialog: me now.
text: They both put an ear to the phone.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: All right, we're both here.
text: Mom pauses and cackles endlessly once again.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: (finally)
dialog: It's only 11:00 here boys so I got
dialog: lot's more drinkin' ta do with your
text: worthless relatives down at the Anvil.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: Just called ta torture us did ya?
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: How's Uncle Sibeal?
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: Well, you know how it is with him.
dialog: Always complainin' he's never turnin'
dialog: a profit on St. Patty's. Whole damn
dialog: family goes down there with no money,
dialog: cause we know he can't bear ta charge
dialog: us.
text: They all laugh.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: But he's been havin' himself a nip
dialog: or two as well... Been up the
dialog: waitress' skirt all night, poor girl.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: Well you tell him ta take it easy
dialog: with that. He's gotta learn ta respect
dialog: women the way Connor does.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: Oh, Jesus.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: I gave him his first lesson in
dialog: sensitivity toward the fairer sex
dialog: just today.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: Don't even do it, ya bastard.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: (laughs)
text: He got beat up by a girl.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: If that was a girl I want ta see
dialog: some papers. She had ta be just
dialog: preoperative for Christ sakes.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: (dogmatically)
dialog: Lord's name.
speaker_heading: BOTH
dialog: (genuflecting,
dialog: impassionate)
text: Mother Mary, full of grace.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: What did you do, Connor?
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: Well, we tried ta make friends and
dialog: she gave me a shot ta the nuts.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: (aghast)
dialog: What... the dirty bitch! I hope ya
dialog: trounced her a good one!
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: Well, I didn't but...
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: (shaking his fist)
dialog: Don't worry, I respected the hell
dialog: out of her for ya, Ma.
text: Mom laughs.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: Well listen, I know how my boys take
dialog: ta scrappin' when they take ta
dialog: drinkin'.
speaker_heading: BOTH
dialog: (semi-condescending)
dialog: Yes mother.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: (light-hearted anger)
dialog: I mean it now. I carried the two of
dialog: you little bastards around in my
dialog: belly at the same time you ungrateful
dialog: pissants. Ya ruined my girlish figure
dialog: in one fell swoop, and then ya sucked
dialog: me dry.
dialog: (grabbing her breast)
dialog: My tits are saggin' down ta my ankles.
dialog: I trip over em for Christ sakes, now
dialog: ya listen ta me, NO FIGHTEN!
text: The boys laugh.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: Promise me boys.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: We promise.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: Yeah, we promise.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: Well, there's my boys.
dialog: (pulls back curtain,
dialog: looks out window)
dialog: Shit. I gotta go. Looks like I caused
text: a ruckus with that shot. Half the
dialog: damn neighborhood is comin'.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: All right, love ya ma. Listen, before
dialog: ya go just give us the goods, eh?
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: Yeah. It's been twenty-seven years.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: Still bickerin' over that, huh?
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: Come on, ma. Out with it. Who came
dialog: out first?
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: All right, I suppose you have the
dialog: right ta know.
text: The boys stand shoulder to shoulder, naked. They peer into
text: the distance, ears to the phone, awaiting this most important
dialog: information.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: Are ya ready?
speaker_heading: BOTH
dialog: Aye.
text: Slight pause as mom slams a shot of Hennessey.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: (yells)
dialog: The one with the biggest cock!
text: Mom slams down the phone and lets out a throaty laugh. The
text: boys sign angrily. Connor walks over and hangs up the phone.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: Crazy woman.
text: When he turns, he notices Murphy is fixated on his brothers
text: crotch. A triumphant smile spreads across his face.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: Don't start. I've had ice on mine.
scene_heading: EXT. AN ALLEY MORNING
text: PAUL SMECKER, F.B.I. agent, is lead by the Boston Chief of
text: Police through a jungle of ravenous reporters, police lines
text: and uniformed officers. He is impeccably dressed in a deep
text: red suit. He is smiling, confident as he walks. He is a very
text: good-looking, slender man.
text: He looks intently, for a moment, at four uniformed officers.
text: They approach two dead bodies, laying next to a dented green
text: dumpster with half the paint job scraped off.
text: One man, IVAN CHECKOV, lays on his stomach, closer to the
text: dumpster than the other. The ass of his pants has been burnt
text: out and a large cotton bandage is in its place.
text: The other, VLADDY, has a blood soaked bandage around his
text: head and is on his stomach as well. There are hundreds of
text: pieces of porcelain of various sizes everywhere. Three plain-
text: clothed homicide detectives, DUFFY, DOLLY and GREENLY hover
text: close to the bodies. Dolly and Duffy listen to GREENLY, an
dialog: obvious rookie, give his over-confident theory of what took
dialog: place.
text: The chief is about to interrupt them, but Smecker holds him
text: back with a smile. The two wait and watch in a position,
text: where the unsuspecting detectives have their backs to them.
speaker_heading: GREENLY
dialog: (thick Boston accent)
dialog: ...so these guys are just kickin'
dialog: the shit out of each other. This guy
dialog: (points to Vladdy)
text: Picks up an old kitchen sink that
dialog: some one threw out and crushes this
dialog: guy
dialog: (Checkov)
dialog: With it. All right, so it makes a
text: big bang and alerts their friend,
dialog: who's standin' look out around the
text: corner. So he comes over and gets
dialog: into it with this guy,
dialog: (Vladdy)
dialog: He's angry at him, right? They get
dialog: into an altercation in which the
dialog: look out guy crushes this guy by
dialog: jumpin on him. And look at the damage
dialog: here.
dialog: (Vladdy)
dialog: I mean this guy's fuckin' hamburger
text: man. His spine is crushed. He's all
dialog: twisted and shit. That guy had to be
dialog: one big mother fucker. Huge, 3-400
dialog: pounds, fuckin huge.
text: Smecker listens.
text: The Chief is embarrassed.
speaker_heading: GREELY
dialog: Or, okay. Check this out. Say these
dialog: two don't even know the huge guy.
text: They're just staggerin' home from a
dialog: bar this morning, still all fucked
dialog: up from St. Patty's last night. So
dialog: they figure they'll take a short cut
dialog: down the alley and this big mother
dialog: fucker, he's just waitin'. And what
dialog: could be more perfect for strong arm
dialog: robbery? Two drunk guys all bandaged
dialog: up. They're already injured for Christ
text: sakes. He takes a blunt object and
text: whacks the guy with the bandage on
dialog: his head, right? Cause he's smart.
text: He knows the guy with the bandage on
dialog: his ass, he ain't going nowhere.
dialog: Matter of fact, this guy's probably
text: helping his friend with the rectal
text: problem along. They're limping around
text: like a couple of decrepit old broads.
dialog: So once this guy's out of the picture
dialog: (denotes Vladdy)
dialog: this poor asshole, he tries to run.
dialog: But look how far he gets fore the
text: huge bastard catches up with him.
dialog: Only a few yards. And what does he
text: do? He gets creative. He picks up a
text: sink and crushes the poor mother-
dialog: fucker. Then, he ain't done yet. He
dialog: comes over here, jumps on this guy's
text: back and crushes him to death.
dialog: (Vladdy)
dialog: He steals their shit and beats it!
dialog: Thanks for comin' out!
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And look at this print...
text: Greenly points out a large foot print on Vladdy's back.
text: Some detectives nod in agreement. Smecker chuckles as he
text: shakes his head.
speaker_heading: GREENLY
dialog: That's one big fuckin' shoe!... and
dialog: think about it. Of all the ways to
text: kill a guy, crushin' him to death.
dialog: That's very particular. You don't
dialog: get many of those. I dunno. I feel
dialog: something big here. I wouldn't be
dialog: surprised if we see more of these
dialog: turning up.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: (stepping into the
dialog: open)
dialog: Brilliant. So now we got a Huge guy
dialog: theory and Serial crusher theory.
dialog: Top fucking notch.
dialog: (to Greenly)
dialog: What's your name?
speaker_heading: GREENLY
dialog: Detective Greenly. Who the fuck are
dialog: you?
text: Smecker saunters up to Greely and pulls his I.D. out of the
text: breast pocket of his sport coat and lets it hang. The large,
text: light blue letters, F.B.I. can be easily seen.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: That's who the fuck I am.
text: All the detectives seem disgruntled and look to the Chief
dialog: for an explanation.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: Listen, I gotta go by the numbers on
dialog: this one. I.D. just came back on
dialog: these guys. They've got connections
dialog: to the Russian mob. That makes it a
dialog: federal matter and Agent Smecker,
dialog: here, is heading up the investigation
dialog: with our full cooperation.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: (transfixed on Greely)
dialog: Why don't you get me a cup of coffee.
speaker_heading: GREENY
dialog: What the fuck?
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: Café latte.
speaker_heading: GREENLY
dialog: Who the...
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: Twist of lemon!
speaker_heading: GREENLY
dialog: (to Chief)
dialog: Chief, what the fuck is this?
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: Sweet-n-low!
text: Greenly looks helplessly to the Chief, who simply nods. He
text: storms off the scene, upset. Smecker turns his back on
text: everyone and puts earphones in. He reaches down and hits
text: play. The choir song "Agnus dei" overtakes. He begins to
text: investigate. He kneels at the bodies for a moment then stares
text: at the opposite brick wall. He picks up a piece of porcelain
text: and scrapes it with his thumb.
text: He quickly cocks his head toward the sky and begins to chuckle
text: as he says Jesus Christ, under his breath. He brushes some
text: paraffin on each of the dead men's hands. Duffy and Dolly
text: watch defiantly. They start to smile at one another as they
text: collectively realize his homosexuality. He is slightly
dialog: effeminate buy not overly fey.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: (loudly)
dialog: Mitchell, Langley!
text: Two uniformed officers approach.
speaker_heading: MITCHELL
dialog: Yes sir.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: Find the manager of this building.
dialog: See if he has had any complaints of
dialog: water coming down in any apartments,
dialog: starting just this morning. If he's
dialog: not there, knock on every door
text: starting from the third floor up.
dialog: Langley, you take this building,
dialog: same thing.
text: Mitchell and Langley exit.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: Chaffey, Newman.
text: Two more uniforms approach.
speaker_heading: CHAFFEY
dialog: Yes sir.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: (to Chaffey)
text: Look in the trash around their hands.
dialog: See if you can find me two bullet
dialog: casings. 45's, if my eye serves me
dialog: right. Don't disturb them. Mark them
text: as they lay. Newman, root through
dialog: this shit.
dialog: (points to the mountain
dialog: of garbage)
dialog: If this was a sink find me some metal
dialog: parts. Gimme a faucet or a drain
dialog: cover or something.
text: The two begin their tasks. Chaffey finds a casing near
text: Checkov's hand, hidden under the edge of the pile.
speaker_heading: CHAFFEY
dialog: Got it. It's a 45.
text: The homicide detectives are surprised as Chaffey looks for
text: the second shell. Smecker lights up a smoke.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: Chief, could you get ballistics down
dialog: here and tell them they have to dig
text: a 45 slug out of a brick wall.
text: He points to a bullet hole in the opposing and tattered wall.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: ...and locate another that's been
text: fired through a dumpster.
text: He points to another bullet hole at the dumpster's base.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: I got the best ballistics guy in the
dialog: world. He's mobile. Got all his stuff
dialog: right in the van. Can have him down
dialog: here in 10 minutes.
speaker_heading: DOLLY
dialog: How did you know that?
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: Paraffin came up positive. And bullet
dialog: holes are usually a big clue.
speaker_heading: CHAFFEY
dialog: I can't find the second one, sir.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: Look under the body.
speaker_heading: CHAFFEY
dialog: (obeys)
dialog: Got it.
text: Smecker turns to detectives with a smirk.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: You guy's ready for this?
text: They both nod.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: This was no gangland assassination.
dialog: Though creative, it was way too
dialog: sloppy. Something went wrong here.
dialog: This has personal written all over
dialog: it. Now, these men were crushed and
dialog: the first natural reaction the body
dialog: has to such trauma is to tense up.
dialog: So now the two shots fired here were
dialog: reflex rounds. These guys weren't
dialog: shooting at anything, but they were
dialog: just about to.
text: Mitchell returns.
speaker_heading: MITCHELL
dialog: Agent Smecker,
dialog: (pointing to MacManus
dialog: building)
dialog: This is all illegal loft housing so
dialog: there's no manager on the premises
dialog: but I found a lady on the fourth
dialog: floor said she's had water dripping
dialog: down on her whole place. Started
dialog: just this morning.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: Fourth floor huh? Then we're heading
dialog: to the fifth. Let's go up and see
dialog: just how right I am.
scene_heading: INT. MACMANUS' APT. BUILDING FIRST FLOOR MORNING
text: The detectives pile into the elevator, Smecker last. Greenly
text: has rejoined them. Smecker sips his latte.
speaker_heading: DUFFY
dialog: So what are you thinkin' here?
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: Really want to know?
text: All the detectives chant the affirmative. The doors close.
scene_heading: INT. MACMANUS' APT. BUILDING ELEVATOR FIFTH FLOOR MORNING
text: As the doors open, all the detectives chorus their disbelief.
speaker_heading: GREENLY
dialog: No way. You know how big a guy's
dialog: gotta be to do that? Fuckin' huge.
text: Smecker turns to Greenly in disbelief.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Oooo. I might be wanting a bagel
dialog: with my coffee.
text: Smecker exits the elevator leaving the three silent detectives
dialog: with that thought.
speaker_heading: GREENLY
dialog: (to Dolly)
dialog: I ain't getting him no fuckin' bagel.
text: The detectives exit the elevator.
text: INT. MACMANUS' DOORWAY INSIDE APT LOOKING OUT TO HALL
speaker_heading: MORNING
text: Smecker appears first, glancing in momentarily. The detectives
text: pile in behind him. They survey the situation in total awe.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: (to Greenly)
dialog: We'll start the ass kissing with
dialog: you.
scene_heading: EXT. MACMANUS' APT. BUILDING FRONT STEPS MORNING
text: Smecker saunters out, detectives on his heels.
speaker_heading: MITCHELL
dialog: (approaches Smecker)
dialog: Agent Smecker. I know this
dialog: neighborhood pretty good. There's a
text: bar called McGinty's down the block.
dialog: It's a good bet they were there last
dialog: night.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: (turns to detectives)
dialog: Good work, Mitchell. I'll check that
dialog: out myself.
text: Duffy starts walking down the street. A REPORTER is hot on
text: his heels.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: Hey, Duffy. What the fuck happened
dialog: here? You owe me. This is the one I
dialog: want.
speaker_heading: DUFFY
dialog: Let's go get a cup of coffee. You
dialog: ain't gonna fuckin' believe this
dialog: one.
text: Smecker is standing on the front steps in front of uniformed
text: officers and homicide detectives.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: I want A.P.B.'s put out. I want more
dialog: uniforms on the streets. One thing's
dialog: for sure, wherever these guys are
dialog: they're hurting.
scene_heading: INT. EMERGENCY ROOM DAY
text: A potent song takes our ears as The MacManus brothers sit in
text: the E.R. They have already received care. Their faces are
text: beaten and there are bandages and dried blood in various
text: spots. Connor's injuries exceed Murphy's. They are both clad
text: in only their leather boots, boxer shorts and worn out old
dialog: bathrobes.
text: Young kids wait for medical attention, as their knife wounds
text: bleed. Two nuns in the corner console a third, whose robes
text: are ripped and face is beaten. A woman toward the end of the
text: hall is so badly beaten she is unrecognizable.
text: As the song builds to a more harrowing chorus, a man enters.
text: His clothes suggest he's a pimp. He is not injured. He looks
text: around as he stands, perturbed, at the end of the hall.
text: He reaches over and grabs the beat up woman by the hair and
text: begins to drag her out. She is kicking and screaming from
text: the floor, grabbing at his wrists as he hauls her away.
text: (Slo-mo) The boys, instantly furious, stand and begin to go
text: toward the action, but Connor's legs give out on him and he
text: falls to the floor. Connor, still trying to go after the
text: pimp, crawls towards him. Murphy helps his brother to his
text: chair and hold him tight.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: Okay. Just calm down. Take it easy.
dialog: He'll have his day. He'll have his
dialog: (turns)
scene_heading: FUCKIN' DAY!
text: Music fades.
scene_heading: INT EMERGENCY ROOM DAY FEW MINUTES LATER
text: An old Irishman enters the E.R. DOC (70 yrs.) has a serious
text: facial twitch and is prone to blinking uncontrollably. He
text: has a mild stutter. He also has Tourette's Syndrome and is
text: apt to yell his two chosen swear words every now and then,
text: first fuck! and after a slight pause, ass! He rushes up as
text: they stand to greet him. Murphy holds Connor up.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: Thanks for comin', Doc.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: (Irish accent, squeaky
dialog: voice)
dialog: J-Jesus. What the fuck happened? Are
dialog: ya b-boys all right?
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: We're alive.
speaker_heading: DOC
text: An F.B.I. agent came by the bar. He
dialog: left me his c-c, he left me his c-c,
dialog: he left me this.
text: He hands them a card with Smecker's name on it. They survey
dialog: it with interest.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: (extremely loud)
dialog: Fuck!..........Ass!
text: Everyone in the E.R. looks at Doc in shock. Connor and Murphy
text: don't even avert their eyes from the card.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: What are you going to do?
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: We're going to turn ourselves in. It
dialog: was self defense.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: y-y-yeah that's what he said.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: How the fuck's he know that? We
dialog: haven't spoken to anyone yet.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: Don't know. He didn't say.
text: The boys look puzzled. Murphy helps Connor down to his seat.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: Listen Doc, we need a favor.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: A-anything.
text: Murphy hands Doc a partially filled garbage bag.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: Hold this shit for us, Doc. We'll be
dialog: comin back for it when we get out.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: Right.
text: Doc exits, say one more "Fuck,...Ass", on the way out.
scene_heading: INT. BOSTON POLICE STATION PRECINCT OFFICE DAY
text: The station is abuzz with the story. Connor and Murphy's
text: names are on all tongues. A legend starts. Every available
text: officer is in the room along with the homicide detectives.
text: Smecker walks right down the middle.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: First of all, I'd like to thank
dialog: whichever one of you donut munching,
dialog: barrel-assed dip-shits leaked this
dialog: to the press. That's just what we
dialog: need now, some sensational story in
dialog: the papers making these guys out to
text: be super heroes, triumphing over
dialog: evil. And let me squash the rumors
dialog: now. These two aren't heroes.
dialog: (rolls his eyes)
dialog: They are two ordinary men who were
dialog: put in an extraordinary situation
dialog: and they just happened to come out
dialog: on top. Yes, nothing from our far
text: reaching computer system has turned
dialog: up jack shit on these two. All we
dialog: know is what we found out from their
dialog: neighbors. And the general consensus
dialog: is that they're... angels.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: But angels don't kill and we got two
text: bodies in the morgue that look like
dialog: they've been...
text: Smecker looks to Greenly. Dripping with sarcasm.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: ...serial crushed by a huge fuckin'
dialog: guy.
text: Some of the cops and homicide detectives laugh and chide
dialog: Greenly.
speaker_heading: CHAFFEY
dialog: Are these me considered armed and
dialog: dangerous?
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: Well, not armed. If they had guns,
dialog: they'd have used them. But dangerous?
dialog: Oh yeah.
speaker_heading: MITCHELL
dialog: What makes you think they're
dialog: dangerous? They were just protecting
dialog: each other.
scene_heading: EXT. BOSTON POLICE STATION STEPS DAY
text: The two are limping up the precinct stairs. Connor is draped
text: over Murphy who helps his brother along, they are still
text: attired as in the E.R.
scene_heading: INT. BOSTON POLICE STATION PRECINCT OFFICE DAY
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: Look, look! I'm not saying one way
dialog: or the other. Just be careful and go
dialog: by the protocol on this one.
speaker_heading: CHAFFEY
dialog: Any tips on where these guys may be?
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: (to Officer Mitchell)
dialog: Any word back from the E.R.s?
speaker_heading: MITCHELL
text: No help at all. Swamped from St.
text: Patty's. Packed with drunk, bloody
dialog: Irish.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: Just hit the bricks nice and hard.
dialog: Grunt police work is going to bring this one in.
speaker_heading: GREENLY
dialog: (talking loudly)
text: These guys are miles away by now.
text: The brothers quietly enter in the back of the room. All the
text: officers are seated with their backs to them. Smecker and
text: the brothers make eye contact. He knows who they are. They
dialog: don't interrupt Greenly.
speaker_heading: GREENLY
dialog: But if you want to beat your head
dialog: against a wall, then here's what you
dialog: look for. These guys are scared like
dialog: two little bunny rabbits. Anything
text: in a uniform or flashing blue lights
dialog: will spook them. So the only thing
dialog: we can do is put a potato on a string
dialog: and drag it through South Boston.
text: There is light chuckling from the police at this crack.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: (loud)
dialog: You'd probably have better luck with
dialog: a beer.
text: Everyone turns and looks.
scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION ROOM BOSTON POLICE STATION LATER
text: The boys sit in two chairs at a plain table with a recording
text: device on it. They are very serious and alert. Mitchell enters
text: with coffee for them. He shakes their hands and says he really
text: respects what they did. Surprised, they thank him. Chaffey
text: enters with donuts and a repeat performance of respect. Slowly
text: officers start to gather around the interrogation room door.
scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION ROOM BOSTON POLICE STATION DAY LATER
text: There are at least 20 officers and detectives packed in the
text: tiny room. The MacManus' visit with the excited cops. All
dialog: are in high spirits.
text: The room is loud as Smecker walks in.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: What the fuck is this!? This isn't a
dialog: fuckin' tea party. Get out! Only
dialog: thing I want in here is them.
text: They all file out. Smecker and the boys look each other over.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: This conversation is going to be
dialog: recorded. Just answer to the best of
dialog: your knowledge.
text: Smecker reaches for the record button. Murphy puts out his
text: hand to stop him.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: (politely)
dialog: Excuse me, sir.
text: Murphy turns to his brother and speaks in Latin, in hushed
text: tones. It is subtitled in English.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: "What do we tell him about the guns
dialog: and money?"
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: "We just got up and left. Bum musta
dialog: rolled them before the police got
dialog: there."
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: (to Smecker)
dialog: Okay. We're ready.
text: Smecker in intrigued with this tiny display. He hits the
dialog: record button.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: You guys are not under oath, here. I
dialog: am assuming you knew these two guys
dialog: from before, huh?
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: We... met them last night.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: They had some pretty interesting
dialog: bandages. Know anything about that?
text: They look at each other.
scene_heading: FLASHBACK. INT MCGINTY'S PUB NIGHT ST. PATRICK'S DAY
text: McGinty's's is packed to the walls with drunken Irish. A lot
text: of faces are recognizable from Noland's Meat. Connor is in
text: front of the bar. He and Doc are staring at each other as if
text: waiting for one man to give in. Connor has his arms across
text: the chests of Murphy and some friends, holding them in place.
dialog: They are interested in the competition.
text: PRESENTLY...
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: (presently, imitating
dialog: Doc's voice)
dialog: Would someone please come over here
dialog: and...
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: Fuck!
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: me up the...
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: Ass!
text: Everyone falls down laughing. Doc is angry and starts throwing
text: ice at them. DAVID DELLA ROCCO makes his way through the
text: crowd. Rocco is thirty-two years old. He has shoulder-length,
text: dark hair and a full beard and mustache that wrap around his
text: big smile. He charges up to the bar and yells to Doc.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: Hey! Fuck! Ass! Get me a beer!
text: This sends everyone even further into laughter. Doc throws
text: two huge fists full of ice at him. He backs away laughing.
text: The boys get up off the floor and have a huge group hug with
text: Rocco as they all scream each others names.
text: They all laugh and commence drinking.
scene_heading: INT. MCGINTY'S PUB NIGHT
text: The bar is trashed. It's mostly empty now except for the
text: brothers, Rocco, Doc and four friends. Everyone is very drunk,
dialog: including Doc.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: (trying to connect
dialog: with Connor)
dialog: ...It's not that I'm homophobic. I'm
dialog: just afraid of faggots.
text: Connor pauses then bursts out laughing. Doc calls everyone
dialog: to gather round.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: I got some bad news. Looks like I'm
dialog: gonna have ta close d-down the bar.
dialog: The Russians have been buying up
text: buildings all over town, including
dialog: this one... Fuck!... Ass! And they're
dialog: not letting me renew my lease. I got
dialog: 'til the end of the week to come up
dialog: with 26,000 dollars, or they take
dialog: the place. I left them a note telling
dialog: them not to show their faces t-
dialog: tonight. They been pressuring me ta
dialog: close and take the last few days ta
dialog: get all my shit outta here but it's
dialog: my right to stay open ta the last.
text: Long pause as everyone absorbs. They are upset.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: Let me talk to my boss, may I can...
text: He is cut off by everyone who obviously opposes Mafia
dialog: involvement.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: L-l-listen I don't want anyone ta
dialog: know until the last possible moment.
dialog: So you guys keep your traps shut. ya
dialog: know what they say; People in glass
dialog: houses sink ships.
text: Everyone has quizzical looks on their faces.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: Y'know Doc, I gotta get you a, a,
dialog: like a proverb book or something.
dialog: This mix and match shit's gotta go.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: What?
text: Everyone chuckles.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: (imitating Doc)
dialog: A p-penny saved is worth two in the
dialog: bush.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: (imitating Doc)
dialog: Don't c-cross the road if ya can't
text: get out of the kitchen.
text: Everyone laughs heartily. Just then, three large Russians in
text: suits enter. The obvious leader, CHECKOV, stands in front
text: with VLADDY behind one of Checkov's shoulders, with another
text: guy behind the other shoulder. They mean business. The
text: laughter fades.
speaker_heading: CHECKOV
dialog: (thick Russian accent)
dialog: I am Ivan Checkov. You will be closing
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: (after a long pause)
dialog: This is McCoy... we find Spock and
dialog: we got enough for an away team.
text: Everyone laughs. Ivan is angry.
speaker_heading: CHECKOV
dialog: Oh, how extraordinary. A bunch of
text: Irishmen... and they are being drunken
dialog: idiots. You are killing the
dialog: stereotype. I'm in no mood for
dialog: discussion.
dialog: (points to Doc)
dialog: You! You stay. The rest of you go
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: Why don't you make like a tree and
dialog: get the fuck outta here!
text: The locals roll their eyes at Doc's blunder.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: Calm down, Doc. I'm sure they're
dialog: reasonable fellows.
text: He and Murphy each grab a Guinness and a shot of Hennessey
text: and they approach the Russians with the peace offering.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: Listen fellas, Y'know he's got 'til
dialog: this week's end. Ya don't have ta be
dialog: hard asses, do ya?
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: Yeah, it's St. Patty's day. Everyone's
dialog: Irish tonight. Now, why don't ya
dialog: pull up a stool and have a drink
dialog: with us?
speaker_heading: CHECKOV
dialog: You insult me. I would never drink
dialog: that sewage. Especially with you
dialog: people. You are fools.
text: Checkov slaps the beer to the floor.
speaker_heading: CHECKOV
dialog: This is no game! If you won't go, we
dialog: will make you go!
text: The boys look at each other, remembering what Mom said.
text: They still hold the shots.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: If ya want a fight, you can see you're
dialog: outnumbered. We're trying ta be civil
dialog: here, so I suggest you take our offer.
speaker_heading: CHECKOV
dialog: I make the offers, ass-hole.
text: Rocco pushes off the bar. He's had enough.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: (standing between the
dialog: two brothers)
dialog: Hey, there Boris. What would you say
dialog: if I told you that your pinko, commie
dialog: mother sucked so much dick...
text: Wham! Ivan punches him in the face. He is quickly down and
text: out. Connor and Murphy's faces turn to stone as they speak
text: the next few lines in flawless fluent Russian with English
text: subtitles.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: "Now, that wasn't too polite, was
dialog: it?"
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: "I'm afraid we can't let that one
dialog: go, Ivan."
text: Checkov is completely taken aback. All the Irish are fairly
dialog: impressed as well.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: I don't think Ma would mind.
text: They clink the glasses together, throw back the Hennessey,
text: ball up the thick glasses in their fists, drop to one knee
text: and both deliver a devastating blow to each of Checkov's
text: quads. Murphy on the left, Connor on the right. He's down
text: for the count, writhing on the floor.
text: The boy's each take a Russian guy and start fighting as the
text: others start kicking and spitting on Checkov. This is a bar
text: brawl, lots of punches don't connect. Connor dismantles his
text: man quickly. Murphy is still fighting as all the Irish try
text: to jump in and help Murphy but Connor goes into psycho mode,
text: pushing them all back.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: Let the boy go. He knows what the
dialog: fuck he's doing!
text: They all back off and start to cheer him on. Murphy and Vladdy
text: are ripping each other apart. Vladdy backs him against a
text: wall and pulls back, exhausted, for one good punch. Murphy
text: reaches up behind his head with both hands and pulls two
text: bottles of wine from a wall rack. He swings them toward each
text: other with Vladdy's head as the mid-point. The bottles
text: haphazardly connect, one on each side of his head. He crumples
text: to the ground in an explosion of glass and wine.
text: There is shock and silence.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: Nicely done, boy!
scene_heading: INT. MCGINTY'S PUB NIGHT A FEW MINUTES LATER
text: They have Ivan Checkov tied down to the bar on his stomach.
text: Connor stands with an unlit cigarette dangling from his lips
text: next to Ivan. He pours Hennessey all over Checkov's buttocks.
text: They all cheer. Ivan's face is battered as Rocco wakes and
text: approaches. He punches Checkov in the face in complete rage.
text: Two friends subdue him as all chuckle.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: Now, like my fine brother says, on
dialog: St. Patty's everyone's Irish. And
dialog: this piece of shit is about to be
dialog: initiated.
text: As they cheer, Connor lights up his smoke and tosses the
text: match on Ivan's butt.
text: The Hennessey is instantly ablaze and Checkov is screaming
text: and wiggling in horror. Some just stand there stunned, but
text: most of the remaining onlookers leap to Ivan's aid. They
text: furiously pat him out and turn on Connor.
speaker_heading: FRIEND #1
dialog: Are ya tryin' ta kill him, ya fuck?
scene_heading: INT. CONNOR AND MURPHY'S APT EARLY NEXT MORNING
text: Connor and Murphy, fairly beat up, sit up on their beds.
text: They wear tattered bathrobes and boxer shorts. They put their
text: feet down into their leather boots. The boys examine the
dialog: extent of one another's injuries and reflect on their
text: hangovers. They both laugh and grab their heads in pain.
text: Boom! The door breaks open and in hobbles Checkov and Vladdy,
text: guns drawn. Checkov is all beat up and the ass of his pants
text: is burnt out. A bulky bandage covers his buttocks. Vladdy
text: has a large bandage around his head. The boys stand in
dialog: surprise.
text: Ivan smashes Connor in the forehead with his gun, sending
text: blood gushing down his face as he falls to the floor. Murphy
text: helplessly yells his brother's name as he is brought to his
text: knees by Vladdy. Ivan positions Connor on his knees before
text: the toilet, which is open to the room. Checkov puts his foot
text: on Connor's head and proceeds, as he struggles, to hand cuff
text: him to the old toilet. So now Connor is bleeding and hugging
text: the commode with his hands cuffed behind the bowl base.
speaker_heading: CHECKOV
dialog: (almost whispering)
dialog: I was going to kill you. But I'm
dialog: not... I'm going to kill your brother.
dialog: I'm going to take him down to the
dialog: dumpster and I'm going to shoot him
dialog: in the head. Then I'm going to throw
text: his dead body in the garbage.
dialog: (looks at this watch)
dialog: Trash guys are coming in 10 minutes,
dialog: gotta go.
text: Checkov walks towards the door and says "let's go" to Vladdy.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: It was just a bar fight. You guys
dialog: are fuckin' pussies!
text: Vladdy pulls him to his feet and leads him away following
dialog: Checkov.
text: Connor, blood running from his face, listens to absolute
text: silence for just a moment. Suddenly his face reads the gravity
text: of the situation. In a split second he turns into an animal.
text: He's yelling, pulling, tugging and growling.
text: His body is a whirlwind of motion. The skin on his wrists
text: bleeds profusely.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY MORNING
text: Vladdy and Checkov lead Murphy out back into the alley.
text: Murphy is on his knees next to the dumpster. Checkov has his
text: gun to the boy's head. He acts like he's going to pull the
text: trigger, but he stops. Vladdy is standing twenty feet away
text: with his back to them keeping a look out, gun in hand.
scene_heading: INT. CONNOR AND MURPHY'S APT. MORNING
text: Connor becomes so venomous, that he pulls the entire toilet
text: right out of the floor.
scene_heading: INT. TO EXT. MACMANUS' TENEMENT LOADING DOORS MORNING
text: (slo-mo) Connor steps out onto the sill of the huge, open
text: loading doors. He is five stories up. His muscles ripple
text: with the weight of the toilet. His face is barbaric.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY MORNING
text: From his kneeling position, Murphy can see his brother perched
text: 50 feet overhead. He does not let his face betray him.
speaker_heading: CHECKOV
dialog: I hope your conscience is clear,
dialog: Irishman.
scene_heading: EXT. MACMANUS' TENEMENT LOADING DOORS MORNING
text: (slo-mo) Connor bends his knees and heaves the toilet upward
text: and swings one arm directly beneath it. He is no longer
text: tethered around the basin. He holds it at a cocked angle.
text: The heavy porcelain tank cover slips off the toilet.
text: He tosses the toilet in a left and outwardly trajectory,
text: then he jumps off the sill to the right. He is sailing through
text: the air about twenty feet behind, and to the right of the
text: toilet, cuffed hands above his head, robe up like a cape
text: behind him. Murphy screams
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY MORNING
text: (slo-mo) Checkov begins to laugh heartily. The tank top lands
text: pristinely on a garbage bag just behind Murphy. Ivan's look
text: turns to one of terror. Bam! He is crushed by the toilet.
text: Boom! His gun goes off, punching a hole in the dumpster near
text: the bottom. Vladdy hears the bang and crouches as he turns
text: to see a wave of tiny porcelain bits.
text: Connor lands squarely on Vladdy's back. His gun discharges
text: firing a hole in the brick of the opposing wall. He is
text: savagely crushed against the ground. Connor bounces off and
text: hits the wall, landing in the garbage completely unconscious.
text: Murphy takes his hands from his head. There is dead silence.
text: He runs to his brother, pulls him from the trash and checks
text: his vital signs. He seems okay. Vladdy, still alive, slowly
text: crawls for his gun, inadvertently covering his own bullet
text: casing. Murphy goes over, picks up the tank cover and clubs
text: the man to death with two hard and fast blows, then throws
text: it up and behind him. It lands in the dumpster with a
text: resonating boom.
text: Murphy quickly takes everything from the scene; guns, money,
text: wallets, watches and a pager. He shoves it in a garbage bag
text: and throws Connor over his shoulder and runs out of the alley.
scene_heading: BACK TO PRESENT. INT. BOSTON POLICE STATION INTERROGATION
speaker_heading: ROOM AFTERNOON
text: Smecker stares astounded at Connor and Murphy. The boys
text: examine Smecker for a reaction. He slowly builds to a chuckle.
text: The brothers join in.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: (gathering himself)
dialog: So, how is it that you guys are fluent
dialog: in Russian?
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: We paid attention in school.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: Know any other languages?
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: Aye. Our mother insisted on it.
dialog: French.
text: Murphy speaks flawless French with subtitles.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: (subtitled)
dialog: How do you think he figured all this
dialog: out without talking to us?
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: Italian.
text: Connor speaks flawless Italian with subtitles.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: (subtitled)
dialog: I have no idea. Maybe someone saw
dialog: and talked.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: German.
dialog: (subtitled)
dialog: Not in our neighborhood, man. A
dialog: hundred percent Irish. No one talks
dialog: to cops. Period.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: Spanish.
dialog: (subtitled)
dialog: Then I guess he's just real... real
dialog: good.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: What are you guys doing working at a
dialog: fucking meat packing plant?
text: The brothers laugh. Chaffey enters.
speaker_heading: CHAFFEY
dialog: Ah, Agent Smecker, we have a problem.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CHAFFEY
text: The press is everywhere outside.
dialog: They're going nuts for these guys.
dialog: What do you want to do?
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: You're not being charged. It's up to
dialog: you. Do you want to talk to them?
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: Absolutely not.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: No pictures, either.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: Well, we could try the bag over the
dialog: head thing. Walk you right out the
dialog: front.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: Our mother can see through bags.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: Aye, she can.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Any way we can stay here?
speaker_heading: CHAFFEY
dialog: Sure, we have an empty holding cell,
dialog: They can... can they stay?
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: Well, we'll have to check with your
dialog: mother, but it's ok with me if your
text: friends sleep over.
text: They all chuckle. Chaffey is embarrassed. Smecker stands.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: Time to feed the dogs.
text: Smecker leaves.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: He's a nice guy.
text: Murphy speaks with the characteristic gay man's lingering
dialog: "S".
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: Yes... he is.
text: They laugh.
scene_heading: EXT. BOSTON POLICE STATION FRONT STEPS EARLY EVENING
text: The police chief is standing on the front steps of the police
text: station making a statement to the ravenous press: cameras
text: and pushy reporters. Agent Smecker stands slightly behind
dialog: him.
text: Rocco stands amidst the sea of reporters as the chief begins.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: This is our official statement. The
dialog: MacManus brothers are not being
dialog: charged with a crime. It was a clean-
dialog: cut case of self defense. We have
dialog: thanked them for their cooperation
dialog: and we thank you, the media, for
dialog: your tireless pursuit of the truth.
text: The press is ablaze with questions. Smecker turns and walks
text: down the precinct steps, passing Rocco, who carries a bunch
text: of folded clothes, and heads for the police station. Smecker
text: glances in Rocco's direction, barely noticing the man who
text: has already passed him.
scene_heading: INT. MACMANUS' CELLS EARLY EVENING
text: Rocco approaches the wide open cell as Chaffey and Mitchell
text: play cards with the brothers. Happy to see each other the
text: boys and Rocco embrace. He hands them their clothes.
scene_heading: INT. MACMANUS' CELL NIGHT
text: The boys are in a tight cell with a bed on each side. They
text: are in their own clothes now. The brothers are fast asleep.
text: Suddenly, they lurch forward, throwing their chests out,
text: lips tight, still asleep.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION BATHROOM NIGHT.
text: An officer turns on the faucet of a sink and begins to wash
text: his hands. We go down to the pipes beneath the porcelain
text: basin. An old leak seeps water through a crack in the floor.
scene_heading: INT. MACMANUS' CELL NIGHT
text: A water leak starts on the ceiling. It drips faster and
text: faster. The water begins to follow a water damaged crack
text: along the ceiling. It slowly spreads in two directions.
text: The brothers struggle for air in their sleep. Then slowly,
text: and at the same time, they each reach up one arm apiece and
text: simultaneously curl their hands as if grabbing something.
text: Their straining faces are brought from darkness to light as
text: they sit up quickly, face to the ceiling.
text: Their eyes open wide and they each draw their first breath
text: as drops of the creeping water land on their foreheads.
text: They look at each other across the room in shock as the drips
text: of water still fall between them.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: Destroy all that which is evil...
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: ...so that which is good may flourish
scene_heading: INT. MANMANUS' CELL NEXT MORNING
text: Murphy and Connor sleep. Murphy awakes to a beep, beep, beep.
text: He removes Checkov's pager from the pocket of his bathrobe.
scene_heading: INT. PRECINCT OFFICE MORNING
text: Connor and Murphy enter as Greenly, Dolly, Duffy, Chaffey
text: and Mitchell are having coffee and donuts. They greet each
text: other warmly. Connor grabs a pen and walks to the hallway.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: Be right back...
speaker_heading: DUFFY
dialog: We would be honored, sir, if you
dialog: would join us peasants, in a donut.
text: Duffy hands Murphy a jelly donut and a cup of coffee as Dolly
text: spreads a copy of the Boston Globe in front of Murphy. The
dialog: headlines read "The Saints of South Boston." All the
text: detectives chuckle as Murphy is momentarily absorbed. He
text: takes the paper.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: Saints?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I will not accept this pizzle until
dialog: my feet have been properly anointed.
text: They laugh.
scene_heading: INT. PRECINCT OFFICE MORNING
text: Connor cradles the receiver of a pay phone between his cheek
text: and shoulder. He pockets the pager. As the phone rings, he
text: readies his pen. The other end of the line picks up and a
text: thick Russian accent instantly begins speaking. Connor
text: responds by speaking a few words in Russian before he realizes
text: it's a recorded message. He begins writing. He hangs up the
text: phone and smiles as he lights up a cigarette.
scene_heading: INT. POPPA JOE YAKAVETTA'S OFFICE DAY. A.K.A. THE JOKE.
text: Rocco, still sporting a shiner, enters an office. There are
text: papers everywhere and it is a cluttered mess of telephones,
text: filing cabinets, lamps and chairs. Rocco clutches a brown
text: paper bag as if it is made of gold. POPPA JOE YAKAVETTA,
text: Rocco's boss, is on the phone. He is in his late forties.
text: He's always comfortably dressed; sleeves rolled up, collar
text: unbuttoned.
text: VINCENZO LIPAZZI swaggers across the office to Rocco. He is
text: in his late thirties. He goes out of his way to look like
text: Elvis; open shirt, gold chains and medallions. He is
text: overweight and has a bouffant hairdo, accompanied by Elvis
text: shades. Vincenzo flips a half dollar in his hand constantly.
text: Rocco and Vincenzo hate each other. Yakavetta talks on the
dialog: phone.
speaker_heading: VINCENZO
dialog: (hushed)
dialog: Well, it's the funny man. Give it
dialog: here, package boy.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: (a bit defiant)
dialog: Joey Bevo said it was important.
dialog: Said I had to give it to him myself.
speaker_heading: VINCENZO
dialog: (snatching the package)
dialog: Gimme the fuckin' thing. Now sit the
dialog: fuck down!
text: Rocco obeys like an angry child. Vincenzo puts it in front
text: of Yakavetta. He sits on a filing cabinet and flips his coin.
text: Vincenzo giggles and whispers as he pokes fun at Rocco.
text: The two of them resemble kids behind the teacher's back.
speaker_heading: VINCENZO
dialog: (hushed)
dialog: I'm Rocco. I'm the funny man. Heee
dialog: Hee. I'm so fuckin' funny. Hee Hee.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: Fuck you Vincenzo.
speaker_heading: VINCENZO
dialog: (hushed)
dialog: Tell me a joke funny man. Hee Hee.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: I caught your show down at the velvet
dialog: room at the Holiday Inn, loved it
dialog: when you busted into Viva Las Vegas.
text: Vincenzo's face drops he gets up and starts walking toward
text: Rocco. Roc points at him from a seated position. He's scared.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: Hey, hey, hey...
text: Suddenly Yakavetta jumps to a standing position. He yells.
speaker_heading: YAKAVETTA
dialog: Fuck you! I could snap my fingers
dialog: and have you dead in four hours,
text: rotting in a truck off of Boyleston!
dialog: You insignificant little fuck! I
dialog: always get my fuckin' money!
text: He slams the phone down. Rocco and Vincenzo are shocked but
dialog: try to look composed.
speaker_heading: YAKAVETTA
dialog: Fuckin' 90's are killin' me. I
dialog: shouldn't a done that. You're not
dialog: supposed to tell a guy you're gonna
dialog: kill him anymore. I gotta tip-toe
dialog: through the tulips with these
dialog: assholes. I prance. I'm a prancer.
dialog: It's what I do... sucked all the fun
dialog: right out of this job.
text: As he speaks he unwraps the wax paper in the bag. Rocco looks
text: over his shoulder. It's a sandwich. He's embarrassed.
text: Vincenzo smirks at him.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: Poppa Joe, you want me to go now?
speaker_heading: YAKAVETTA
dialog: Yeah. Thanks, Rocco. See ya.
text: Rocco starts for the door. Vincenzo begins whispering in
text: Yakavetta's ear.
speaker_heading: YAKAVETTA
dialog: Hey, Rocco, wait. Come back here.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: Yeah boss?
text: Vincenzo continues whispering for a few more seconds, long
text: enough for Rocco to see. Vincenzo's lips are tight. His teeth
dialog: grind.
speaker_heading: YAKAVETTA
dialog: I always see you talking to the boys
dialog: and making them laugh. They always
dialog: come around telling me what a crack
dialog: up you are. What is it they call
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: (totally intimidated)
dialog: The... The funny man.
speaker_heading: YAKAVETTA
dialog: The funny man. Well, I got a new job
dialog: for you, just for now. Roc, I'm having
dialog: a real shitty day. I'm depressed.
dialog: Tell me a funny story or a joke.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: (terrified)
dialog: Uh. Okay... um... you hear the one
dialog: about the, no fuck that one... uh...
dialog: oh! oh! Well... shit. Okay, there's
text: a white guy. He's walkin' along the
dialog: beach and he finds a, a pot, y'know
dialog: and ah, he rubs it and this genie
dialog: pops out. But this genie, he's a
dialog: ni... he's a black guy.
speaker_heading: YAKAVETTA
dialog: He's a nigger.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: Yeah. And uh, he's pissed off. He
dialog: says, "Why you crackers always gotta
dialog: find my mother fuckin' pot? And he
dialog: tells him he's gonna grant all his
dialog: three wishes but he's gonna give all
dialog: the black guys...
scene_heading: VINCENZO AND YAKAVETTA
dialog: Niggers!
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: Sorry! Sorry! All the niggers on the
dialog: planet get double what he wishes
dialog: for. "I'll take a million dollars,"
dialog: he says. Genie give it to him and
dialog: says every nigger on earth just got
dialog: two million. "I don't care gimme a
dialog: yacht." Poof there it is.
dialog: (intimidated, losing
dialog: steam)
dialog: E-every bl... every nigger just got
text: two yachts. Genie goes...
dialog: (gives up)
dialog: I'm sorry Poppa Joe. I can't. This
dialog: joke sucks.
text: Yakavetta takes a long pause.
speaker_heading: YAKAVETTA
dialog: Continue the joke.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: (deflated)
dialog: He says, "What's your third wish?"
dialog: And the guys says, "I-I want you to
dialog: beat me half to death."
text: There's a long tense pause. Suddenly, Yakavetta throws his
text: head back and roars with laughter. Vincenzo joins in. Rocco
text: lets out a semi-audible sign of relief and gradually starts
text: laughing himself.
speaker_heading: YAKAVETTA
dialog: (still in guffaw)
dialog: Very good stuff, Rocco. Very good
dialog: stuff. Tell me another one.
text: Rocco returns to terror. Yakavetta erupts again pointing at
dialog: Rocco.
scene_heading: INT COMMON BOSTON HOME ANTEROOM TWILIGHT
dialog: Connor and Murphy give a huge Irishman guns, money and gold
text: watches. He hands them two big black duffle bags and motions
text: for them to help themselves as he counts the money. They
text: enter a well equipped arsenal. They are giddy as they go on
text: their first shopping spree. They toss in masks and gloves.
text: They toss in four identical black finished 9mm handguns with
dialog: silencers.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: Know what we need, man?... some rope.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: For what?
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: Charlie Bronson's always got rope.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: Yeah, these guys always got a lot of
dialog: rope strapped around em in the movies
dialog: and they always end up using it.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: Oh, you've lost it, haven't ya?
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: I'm serious.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: Me too. That's stupid. Name one thing
dialog: we're gonna need it for.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: I don't know they just always need
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: What is all this "they" shit? This
dialog: ain't a movie.
text: Connor pulls a large hunting knife from Murphy's bag.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: Is that right, Rambo?
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: All right, get the stupid fuckin'
dialog: rope.
scene_heading: INT. SMECKER'S BEDROOM NIGHT
text: Paul Smecker lies in bed with his young lover, Reuben (mid-
text: twenties). He has an innocent, feminine look and a GQ air
text: about him. The two have just had sex and Reuben is far more
text: excited about it than Smecker.
text: Reuben pants and gestures that it was a wonderful experience.
text: Smecker watches TV.
text: Reuben reaches over and affectionately places a hand on
text: Smecker's chest. Paul tosses it off with indifference.
text: Reuben has a pouty look. The phone rings.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: Uh,huh.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Room number.
text: Reuben throws an arm over Smecker's abdomen and places his
text: head on Paul's bare chest as if to now force affection.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: We got a time of death?
text: He is visibly miffed with Reuben's sudden display. He tries
text: to pull the arm away but Reuben holds tight.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: What's the body count?
text: Smecker is annoyed. He slaps Reuben semi-gently once on his
text: exposed cheek. Reuben closes his eyes and holds even tighter.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: Uh, huh.
text: He bites his lower lip in anger and smack Reuben again on
text: the same cheek, hard. Reuben jumps to a sitting position
text: holding his cheek. He is shocked and hurt.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: I'll be down there in a bit. Keep
dialog: the press out.
text: He hangs up. Immediately to Reuben, semi-angry.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: REUBEN
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I was just trying to cuddle.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: Cuddle?...
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: What a fag!
scene_heading: INT. PLAZA HOTEL HALLWAY NIGHT 12:30 A.M.
text: Smecker saunters down the hall, his usual confident smile.
text: He is impeccably dressed in a brightly colored suit. Greenly
text: stands directly outside an open door at the hall's end. A
text: steady flow of detectives and forensics filter in and out.
text: Smecker halts before Greenly and looks straight into his
dialog: eyes.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: (intrigued)
dialog: He's struck again, hasn't he, Greenly?
speaker_heading: GREENLY
dialog: Why do you always disrespect me like
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: Respect is earned, Greenly, never
dialog: given. Guys like you should have to
dialog: follow me around squabbling for the
text: scraps from my table.
scene_heading: INT. PLAZA HOTEL SUITE LIVING ROOM NIGHT
text: Smecker and Greenly walk into a large sunken living room
text: with high ceilings. There is a huge white shaped pit couch
text: in the center with seven dead bodies draped across it. All
text: the bodies have been turned so they are either seated or on
text: their backs and bright new pennies have been place in their
text: eyes. There is one corpse directly in the middle of the living
text: room, making eight. This victim (THE FAT MAN) is overweight
text: and is lying in debris made up of sheet rock and broken wood
text: which spreads thinly for a five foot radius around him.
text: The victims' body positions are in a circle with the fat man
text: as the hub. Smecker is instantly engulfed. The regular
text: homicide detectives are on hand with their I.D.s hanging out
text: of their breast pockets. They see Smecker and back off.
text: Duffy wears an especially loud tie. Smecker lights up a smoke.
text: He circles around and sees another body behind the couch,
text: which makes nine. The victim is on his back, with pennies
text: stuck in his eyes.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: How many bodies, Greenly?
speaker_heading: GREENLY
dialog: (still Dejected)
dialog: Eight.
text: Smecker's eyes widen as he turns to Greenly.
speaker_heading: GREENLY
dialog: (catching himself)
dialog: No! Shit! I didn't see that one.
dialog: Nine! Nine!
text: Smecker takes a beat. He addresses the detectives.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
text: While Greenly's getting coffee,
dialog: anybody else want anything?
speaker_heading: GREENLY
text: (as he walks to the
dialog: door)
dialog: Shit! Shit!
text: Smecker surveys the scene.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: So Duffy, got any theories to go
dialog: with that... tie.
speaker_heading: DUFFY
dialog: (looks down)
dialog: These guys were pros. I think they
dialog: were coming for one target, the fag
dialog: man, he was the...
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: The what man?
speaker_heading: DUFFY
dialog: (surprised)
text: The fat man.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: Well, Freud was right. So you think
dialog: they came for the fag man, huh? And
dialog: what do you base this upon?
speaker_heading: DUFFY
dialog: He was the only one done right. Two
text: in the back of the head.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: And the pennies?
speaker_heading: DUFFY
dialog: New hitman wants to leave his mark
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: That's a possibility. Y'know you
dialog: Boston cops are perking up. That's
dialog: two sound theories in one day, neither
dialog: of which deal with abnormally sized
dialog: men.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Another possibility is that they
dialog: were placed there with religious
dialog: intent.
speaker_heading: DUFFY
dialog: Yeah. Some cultures still put pennies
text: in the eyes of the dead, or silver.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: The Greeks. The Italians.
speaker_heading: DUFFY
dialog: The Sicilians.
speaker_heading: DOLLY
dialog: What's the symbology there?
text: Smecker tosses the Idiot glance to Dolly.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: Symbology? Well, now that Duffy has
dialog: relinquished his King Bone Head crown
dialog: I see we have an heir to the throne.
dialog: I'm sure the word you were looking
dialog: for was symbolism. What's the
dialog: symbolism there? Let me explain it
dialog: to you. In Greek and Roman mythology
dialog: when you died you would have to pay
dialog: the toll to Charon, the boatman who
dialog: ferried you across to the gates of
dialog: judgment. This made sure the dead
dialog: came to atone for what they did during
dialog: their lives, Detective...
text: Smecker looks at his I.D.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: Dollapoppaskalious.
text: The detectives are impressed.
speaker_heading: DOLLY (DOLLAPOPPASKALIOUS)
dialog: Holy shit. You're the first one that's
dialog: ever got that.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: (aside)
dialog: Yeah, well... I'm an expert in name-
dialog: ology.
text: The detectives chuckle.
scene_heading: INT. PLAZA HOTEL SUITE LIVING ROOM NIGHT
text: Smecker is chain smoking. His clothes appear unkempt. His
text: eyes show emotion at every new found clue. The detectives
text: watch closely. He is hunched over the body of the fat man
text: probing his wounds with his gloved fingers. Greenly has re-
text: entered. He defiantly holds a cup of coffee but is too
text: intimidated to interrupt Smecker. He sets it down and folds
text: his arms.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: I've seen burns like these before.
dialog: They used silencers. Look at these
dialog: entry and exit wounds. They're
dialog: identical.
text: He stands up and gives a lesson to the now eager detectives.
text: He points his two index fingers to the back of his own skull.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: The two bullets went in here, through
text: the top of the skull, criss-crossed
text: and exited through the eyeballs.
dialog: This one clue tells us three distinct
dialog: facts. Number one... Duffy.
speaker_heading: DUFFY
text: They shot him at a downward angle.
dialog: (makes connection)
text: They put him on his knees.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: Excellent! Number two. Greenly.
speaker_heading: GREENLY
dialog: Uh.
dialog: (thinking hard)
dialog: Shit, I, uh...
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: It tells us that he was the last to
dialog: die. All these men
dialog: (fans across the
dialog: corpses with his
dialog: hand)
text: Were carrying. They came in, dropped
dialog: all in seconds and then took their
dialog: time with fag man. Didn't they,
dialog: Duffy?!
dialog: (psychotic laugh)
dialog: They sure as fuck did!
text: A wide-eyed Duffy joins with Smecker, by nodding his head.
text: Smecker is seducing all of them.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: And number three, Dolly.
speaker_heading: DOLLY
dialog: Uh... two shooters!
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: Fan-fuckin-tastic!
text: Greenly and Duffy want to know how.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: Now stay with me, boys. What did
dialog: they do to make two such identical
dialog: wounds? Did one guy put him on his
dialog: knees, pop a cap in, sit him back up
dialog: and shoot him again the same way?
text: No. Two men of similar height dropped
dialog: this guy down, each put some iron to
dialog: his head and boom! That's all she
dialog: fuckin' wrote!
speaker_heading: DUFFY
dialog: What about one guy with two guns?
speaker_heading: SMECKER
text: Possible, but unlikely. The angles
text: are too extreme. A guy holding two
dialog: guns to the back of your head is
text: gonna shoot straight ahead. He
dialog: wouldn't cock out his elbows, makes
dialog: no sense. Besides, you telling me
dialog: one guy came in here and killed eight
dialog: men with eight extremely well aimed
dialog: shots in just a few seconds? No way.
dialog: Had to be at least two.
scene_heading: INT. PLAZA HOTEL SUITE LIVING ROOM NIGHT LATER
text: Smecker is now a complete mess. His hair is totally frazzled.
text: He is sucking on cigarettes long and hard. His clothes are
text: completely disheveled.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: Television,... television is the
dialog: explanation for this.
text: Smecker points toward the ceiling revealing a huge gaping
text: hole in it just above the living room.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: You see this is bad television.
dialog: (again pointing out
dialog: the hole in the
dialog: ceiling)
text: The little assault guys creeping in
text: through the vents and coming in
dialog: through the ceilings. That James
dialog: Bond shit never happens in real life.
dialog: Professionals don't do that. So we've
dialog: got this up here, which has novice
dialog: written all over it. And all this
dialog: down here that's simply a perfect
dialog: textbook assassination. So here's
dialog: our two possibilities. We either
dialog: have rank amateurs that got lucky or
dialog: consummate professionals that fucked
dialog: up.
text: The detectives nod in agreement. They are now completely
text: taken in by Smecker's spell.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: Join me in a drink, gentlemen.
text: They go over and grab seats at the bar. Smecker mixes himself
text: a gin and tonic on the other side. He is calming down now
text: and going back into cool mode. He starts to tuck his clothes
text: back in and fix his hair. He leans over the bar and sips his
text: drink. The three detectives lean in.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: With the exception of my coffee boy,
dialog: you Boston detectives are starting
dialog: to show signs of intelligence. So, I
dialog: am going to make you privy to some
dialog: information that you would not
dialog: normally be. These men are all Russian
dialog: mob. Not like those two peons in the
dialog: alley the other day. These guys are
text: all syndicate bosses and underbosses.
dialog: I have a dossier on every man in
dialog: this room. Since the Iron Curtain
dialog: has gone down, the Russian syndicates
dialog: have started to come here. And in
dialog: the spirit of Glasnost the Soviets
dialog: have opened their borders to the
dialog: mafia. But the Italians, they're not
dialog: convinced that the grounds in mother
dialog: Russia are fertile enough for
dialog: organized crime yet. So they ain't
text: ready to commit. The Russians are
dialog: coming here anyway. They are
dialog: unwelcome. What we have here,
dialog: gentlemen, is possibly the beginning
dialog: of the first international mob war...
dialog: unless I've totally missed something.
text: All their faces read the gravity of the situation.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: Now, what is this going to look like
dialog: to those who do not know what I just
dialog: told you?
speaker_heading: DUFFY
dialog: It's gonna look like the bad guys
dialog: are killing each other.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: And is there an American, shit is
dialog: there a man seated among us that
dialog: hasn't thought about it many times,
dialog: let's just put them all on an island,
dialog: give them guns and let them kill
dialog: each other. This is our wet dream
dialog: come true. You can expect federal
dialog: and local law enforcement to go only
dialog: deep enough to satisfy the law, then
dialog: bury it from here on out.
speaker_heading: DOLLY
dialog: So, what do we do now?
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: That depends. You either do your job
dialog: or get ethical.
scene_heading: INT. ROCCO'S APARTMENT NIGHT
text: Rocco comes out of the bathroom. He storms out to his small,
text: round, living room table at which the boys are seated. He is
text: wearing a white, polyester shirt with gold trim that is a
text: uniform of some kind for perhaps a chain of restaurants. It
text: is unbuttoned all the way down and his white t-shirt is
text: hanging out. He is wearing a name tag that reads "Jaffar".
text: He is upset. He slams down a chair across from the brothers
text: who are sitting there cleaning guns and silencers. All the
text: accouterments of death are sprawled before them. They are
text: smoking as they carefully disassemble their firearms.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: This better be good.
dialog: (viciously ties his
dialog: hair back)
dialog: Talk!
text: The boys look at each other.
scene_heading: FLASHBACK EXT. SIDEWALK DOWNTOWN BOSTON NIGHT
text: The boys are walking across Copley Square. Connor looks at
text: the note he wrote at the police station. They stand on the
text: sidewalk and light smokes. They are in their regular garb;
text: thick naval P-coats, jeans and leather boots. They each carry
text: a mid-sized, black, duffle bag. They are serious and business-
text: like. They scan the Plaza Hotel from across the street. The
text: elite exit and enter the hotel. Connor glances at his pocket
text: watch. It's 8:45.
scene_heading: INT. PLAZA HOTEL ELEVATOR NIGHT
text: They enter. They look ahead, stone-faced, as the elevator
dialog: climbs.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: Nervous?
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: A bit.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: Me, too.
text: The elevator stops at the lobby level. Nine, well-dressed
text: men enter. Their faces are not shown. The boys move to the
text: back wall.
text: One guy says something quickly to another in Russian. The
text: other gives a one word Russian response. They boys look at
text: each other. As the elevator climbs, their eyes focus.
text: The door opens. As the men exit the elevator, each face is
text: seen individually, all are victims from Smecker's crime scene.
text: The elevator goes up half a floor. They hit the stop button
text: and rummage in their bags. They suit up; black gloves and
text: black masks. They strap on four 9mm. pistols with silencers,
text: in shoulder holsters, one under each arm. Connor takes a
text: large coil of black rope and drapes it around himself. He
text: looks at Murphy and at the rope in his bag. Murphy is too
text: excited to argue.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: You and your fucking rope.
text: He puts it on. They drop to their knees, making the sign of
text: the cross. Then, up through the ceiling they go.
scene_heading: INT. PLAZA HOTEL ELEVATOR SHAFT NIGHT
text: They stand on top of the elevator before a long air shaft.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: See. I told you there'd be a shaft.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Just like on TV.
text: They jump into the air shaft.
scene_heading: INT. PLAZA HOTEL AIR SHAFT NIGHT
text: They start crawling with Connor in front and Murphy behind.
scene_heading: INT. PLAZA HOTEL SUITE NIGHT
text: The plump boss is standing in the middle of the sunken living
dialog: room.
text: His eight Russian comrades are around him seated on the U-
text: shaped pit couch. They speak Russian, but no subtitles are
text: seen. The fat man yells. He's mad about something.
scene_heading: INT. PLAZA HOTEL AIR SHAFT NIGHT
text: Connor is taking lots of random turns, left and right. He is
text: starting to look a bit confused.
scene_heading: INT. PLAZA HOTEL SUITE NIGHT
text: The fat man is really yelling at them now. He is screaming
text: and pointing at each man.
text: They seem to be taking it seriously.
scene_heading: INT. PLAZA HOTEL AIR SHAFT NIGHT
text: Their brows are drenched with sweat. Murphy crawls up next
text: to Connor. There is only enough room for the two to lie on
text: their sides facing each other.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: Where the fuck are you going?
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: We'll find it. Just calm down.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: No, fuck you. This rope is bullshit.
dialog: I'm sweatin' my ass off draggin'
dialog: this stupid thing around. Must weigh
dialog: 30 pounds.
text: Murphy takes off the rope.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: We're doing some serious shit here.
dialog: Now, get a hold of yourself, asshole.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: Asshole!? I'm not the rope-totin'
dialog: Charlie Bronson wanna-be that's
dialog: getting' us lost!
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: Sh, sh! Fuck you!
text: Connor grabs Murphy's shirt.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: No, fuck you!
text: The boys get into a close quarters battle. An occasional
text: insult is thrown as feet kick and fists fly. They begin to
text: get tangled in their own rope. The seam of the duct breaks
text: and a tangled mess of rope and MacManuses pour out.
scene_heading: INT. PLAZA HOTEL SUITE NIGHT
text: They crash through the ceiling right above the fat man's
text: head. The rope gets caught and slams the boys to a halt,
text: hanging them upside down, back to back about six feet above
text: the floor. They are turning in circles. The boss is balled
text: up in the fetal position on the floor. The shocked Russians
text: say only a word or two in panic before the MacManus brothers
text: react, reaching for their guns. The Russians start to reach
text: for their guns. It's too late. The boys draw and fire as
text: they spin. Taking four shots apiece.
text: There are eight dead Russians. Chests explode as they fall
text: back on the couch in a loose circle. One victims is blasted
text: over the couch.
text: They notice the fat man directly beneath them. Murphy grabs
text: his Rambo knife, reaches up and cuts the rope. They land in
text: a heap, scramble over to the doomed man and place him on his
text: knees. They each put a gun to the back of his head and recite
text: this prayer in perfect unison.
speaker_heading: BOTH
dialog: And shepherds we shall be. For thee,
dialog: my Lord, for thee. Power hath
dialog: descended forth from thy hand that
dialog: our feet may swiftly carry out thy
dialog: command. So we shall flow a river
dialog: forth to thee and teeming with souls
dialog: shall it ever be. E nomini patri, et
dialog: Fili e spiritu sancti.
text: With the silenced pop from their guns we cut the sound and
text: go to black and white. (Slo-mo) Choral music starts with
text: Latin script being read in the background. They take their
text: rosaries out. They slowly walk around, mumbling prayers as
text: they care for the dead. They gently turn over the bodies
text: that were on their stomachs. They brush the hair back from
text: the victims faces. They place pennies in the eyes of al the
text: corpses. When they finish their ritual, they pull off their
text: masks and look at each other. They start to grin and look
text: around. They work each other into a healthy chuckle.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: (looks up)
dialog: That was some good fuckin' rope.
text: They both laugh.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: That was way easier than I thought.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: Aye.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: On TV ya always get that asshole
text: that jumps behind the couch.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: Yeah, and ya gotta shoot at him for
dialog: ten minutes.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: Oh, we're good man.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: Yes, we are.
text: They are already striding for a suitcase full of money.
text: Murphy picks up a wad of bills.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: I love our new job.
text: Just then, there's a knock at the door. They snap into action.
text: They stand at each side of the double doors, looking through
text: the peepholes. They see Rocco on the other side dressed as a
text: hotel employee. He wears a polyester shirt with gold trim
text: and a name tag that reads Jaffar. He has a good cart in front
dialog: of him.
text: They look at each other and grin. Murphy nods. As they open
text: the door, Murphy grabs the food cart and pulls it in.
text: Connor seizes the mortified Rocco and pulls him in, slamming
text: the door shut behind him. They run, dragging him and then
text: throw him in the midst of the bodies. They put their guns
text: right in his face.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: Oh, God! Don't kill me! We're on the
dialog: same side! The boss musta sent you
dialog: in as back up, huh? Oh, shit, please!
dialog: I'm Rocco. I'm the funny man.
dialog: (almost crying)
dialog: They call me the funny fuckin' man!
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: (attempting to hide
dialog: accent)
dialog: Where's your gun?
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: Chest pocket.
dialog: (they take it)
dialog: Shit!
speaker_heading: CONNOR
text: This is a six-shooter.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: (hiding accent)
text: Nine bodies.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: Oh, you're good. What were you gonna
dialog: do? Laugh the last three to death,
dialog: funny man?
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: Poppa Joe said there was only two.
dialog: In and out.
dialog: (trying to make friends)
dialog: Boy, you guys sure did a good job.
dialog: You're good, huh? Cool masks. Where'd
dialog: you get them?
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: Let's do him right here.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: Right now.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: (screaming like a
dialog: baby)
dialog: Don't kill me. Oh shit, please no.
dialog: I'm Rocco. I'm the funny man!... the
dialog: funny man... the funny.
text: The boys put their faces close to his and demask. They start
text: laughing but Rocco just lays there, wide-eyed, in shock.
text: They boys saunter to the bar. Rocco takes a long beat.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: What did you do?! Fuckin'... what
dialog: the fuckin' fuck! Who the fuck, fucked
dialog: this fuckin'? fuck. How did you two
dialog: fuckin', fucks?......... FUCK!!!
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: Certainly illustrates the diversity
dialog: of the word.
text: The brothers laugh.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: What the fuck are you doing here?
text: What, huh!? WHAT? WHAT? WHAT? ANSWERS!
dialog: I WANT FUCKIN' ANSWERS!
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: (slaps his face)
dialog: Get a hold of yourself, man.
text: Rocco is silent and surprised. Murphy, also surprised, looks
text: at Rocco. All is quiet.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: Yeah, get a hold of yourself.
text: Murphy jokingly slaps Rocco a second time. Rocco instantly
text: jumps on Murphy, cursing and punching. The brothers burst
text: into laughter as they subdue Rocco. As he calms down, they
dialog: release him.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: Listen, we gotta get outta here now.
dialog: We'll take separate exits and meet
dialog: at Rocco's.
text: Murphy puts the two suitcases in his duffle bag and the two
text: brush by Rocco who is still unsatisfied with his explanation.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: Fuck!
scene_heading: BACK TO PRESENT INT. ROCCO'S APARTMENT NIGHT
text: Rocco has removed his hotel jacket.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: Anybody you think is evil?
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: Don't you think that's a little
dialog: psycho? A little weird?
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: Weird, huh?... Know what I think is
dialog: weird? Decent men with loving families
dialog: go home every day after work. They
text: turn on the news and see rapists,
text: murderers, and child molesters all
text: getting out of prison.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: Mafiosos getting caught with 20 kilos
text: and walkin' on bail the same day.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: Little girls catchin' stray bullets
text: in their heads, playin' hopscotch in
dialog: their front yards. And everyone thinks
dialog: the same thing... Someone should
dialog: just go kill those motherfuckers.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: Kill em all. Admit it, even you've
dialog: thought about it.
text: Rocco ponders this as the boys continue to clean their
dialog: weapons.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: You guys should be in every major
dialog: city.
text: The boys chuckle. Rocco steadily works himself into a humorous
dialog: frenzy.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: This is some heavy shit. This is
dialog: like Lone Ranger-heavy man. Fuck it!
dialog: There's so much shit that pisses me
dialog: off. You guys should recruit 'cause
dialog: I am sick and fuckin' tired of walkin'
dialog: down the street waitin' for one of
dialog: these assholes to get me, y'know?
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: (chuckling)
dialog: Hallelujah, Jaffar.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: So you're not just talkin' mob guys.
dialog: You're talkin' anyone, right? Even
dialog: like pimps and drug dealers and all
dialog: that shit?
text: The boys look at each other and nod.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: Well fuck, you guys could do this
dialog: every day.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: We're like 7-Eleven. We ain't always
dialog: doing business, but we're always
dialog: open.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: Nicely put.
scene_heading: INT. ROCCO'S APARTMENT NIGHT ONE HOUR LATER
text: The three are partying hard. There's a pizza surrounded by
text: Guinness cans as they whoop it up, sitting at the round table.
text: Rocco wears one of the masks. They're all drunk. The house
text: cat is lounging on the table comfortably.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: You fuckin' guys. You ruined me. I'm
dialog: fuckin' done. Permanent package boy.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: Who says that? You could take credit
text: on it.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: What are you serious?
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: Yeah, fuck it. If you think about
dialog: it, it's all you can do really. You
dialog: can't tell him it was us. Go in
dialog: braggin' and shit.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: Climb the corporate ladder, boy. Don
dialog: Rocco.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: Fuck it! I'm doing it. I deserve it.
dialog: I've been working for those fat
dialog: bastards since I was in high school
dialog: and look at this place.
text: The boys nod in agreement.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: (working into a frenzy)
dialog: They're fuckin' me man! Hey, they
dialog: can suck my pathetic little dick.
dialog: And I'll dip my nuts in marinara
dialog: just so the fat fucks can get a taste
dialog: of home while they're at it. That's
dialog: it, it's done, I'm doing it.
text: Rocco slams his fist down on the table next to Murphy's gun.
text: The gun goes off with a bang! and blows the lounging cat
text: right off the table. A softball-sized hole is blasted in the
text: wall as a large splatter of blood sprays the area surrounding
text: the hole. Everyone is in shock for a second.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: I can't fuckin' believe that just
dialog: happened!
scene_heading: INT. ROCCO'S APARTMENT NEXT MORNING 11:30 A.M.
text: The three are passed out all over the apartment. Rocco
text: awakens. He stumbles past the wall with the large, round,
text: pink stain on it. There is a crooked picture hanging in the
text: middle of it.
text: Rocco staggers to the kitchen and throws water in his face
text: over a sinkful of dirty dishes. Connor awakens, grabs his
text: jacket and follows Rocco out.
scene_heading: EXT. ROCCO'S FRONT STEPS CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: (hung over)
dialog: Donna's gonna be angry about her
dialog: cat.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: Shit. She's on every drug know to
dialog: man. She'd have sold that thing for
text: a dime bag. Screw her.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But I do kinda feel like an ass-hole.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: (chuckles)
dialog: You sound real remorseful.
text: Connor lights up two smokes and hands one to Rocco.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: She ain't been around in weeks anyhow.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Listen. Something's been bothering
dialog: me about last night.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: Well... what if your boss knew how
dialog: many guys were supposed to be there...
dialog: in that room?
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: What are you saying?
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: Think about it man. Nine men, six
dialog: bullets.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: You think they sold me out? No way.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: He probably knew you'd end up nailing
dialog: the fat guy, maybe one or two more,
dialog: but he had to know you weren't walking
dialog: out of there. Figure it out. Shooter's
text: dead on the scene. No in-depth
dialog: investigation. It'd slide right off
dialog: his back. 'Cause as much as I love
dialog: ya, you're not exactly Don Corleone.
dialog: What would he be losing? A thirty-
dialog: five year old delivery boy?
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: No, no. That's just not the way things
dialog: are done. Besides, how's he know I
dialog: don't just get in there see there's
dialog: too many and just serve em their
dialog: fuckin' food and beat it?
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: He knows you, man. He knows all you
dialog: want is to move up. That's all. A
dialog: smooth hitter woulda gone in there,
text: seen it was a wash and slipped out.
dialog: But a guy like you? Knowin' this is
dialog: your only chance? Waitin' eighteen
dialog: years?
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: No. No man. That's... that's... you
dialog: don't know what you're talking about.
dialog: That's bullshit. I know these guys.
dialog: I mean, thanks for your concern, but
dialog: that just ain't the thing of it.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: Do me a favor and roll it around for
dialog: a bit on your way in.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: No, look. No rolling. Nothing needs
dialog: to be rolled.
text: Murphy stumbles enters scene with Rocco and Connor.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: (to Rocco)
dialog: Where are you goin'?
dialog: (to Connor)
dialog: Did you tell him?
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: (to Rocco)
dialog: Then what the fuck?
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: Hey. You don't know that shit for
dialog: sure.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: Oh, Jesus. You're such a fuckin'
dialog: retard!
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: Fuck you!
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: Use your brain for once. Is it so
dialog: unbelievable they don't care about
dialog: you? You are fuckin' dead, you go in
dialog: there today. Dead!
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: Oh yeah. You two fuckin' Micks know
dialog: what's going on, huh?
dialog: (flips them off)
dialog: Fuck you!
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: (trying to calm him)
dialog: Hey, this ain't a thing you should
dialog: gamble on, Roc.
text: A girl rides by on a bicycle, they pause as she rides between
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: Fuck it! What kind of flowers ya
dialog: want at your funeral? Ya dumb Wop.
dialog: This is the last time I'll see you.
dialog: Bye-bye ya stupid son of a bitch.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: (walking away)
dialog: I'll be back at 9:00.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: Hey. You get in there and start
dialog: getting a bad vibe, get the fuck out
dialog: quick.
scene_heading: INT. ROCCO'S APARTMENT LATE AFTERNOON
text: Connor picks up the place as Murphy watches t.v. The phone
dialog: rings.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: ROCCO (V.O.)
dialog: Hey Murph.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: Roc. You okay?
speaker_heading: ROCCO (V.O.)
dialog: Yeah. Anybody call for me?
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: No. You sure you're okay?
speaker_heading: ROCCO (V.O.)
dialog: I'm fuckin' fine.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Catch you on the flip side.
text: Rocco hangs up. Just then DONNA and her friend RAYVIE enter
text: the apartment. They are consummate junky sluts who are very
text: doped up and giddy.
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: (trying hard)
dialog: Here kitty, kitty...... kitty.
scene_heading: INT. SIN BIN SMALL ROOM NIGHT
text: Smecker ascends the three, small steps up to the round room.
text: A NUDE DANCER sits there on the couch in a robe. She is crying
text: as she is being consoled by Detective Duffy. This small room
text: is where men watch girls through a large glass window.
text: In this room a dancer performs on a floor a few feet above
text: the three private booths where each man watches from his own
text: booth. She appears as if on stage. All three windows are
text: shattered and there is blood on the wall of all three booths.
text: We see assorted body parts in each booth, but no faces.
speaker_heading: DOLLY
dialog: (approaches Smecker)
dialog: She was in here when it went down.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: Can she I.D. them?
speaker_heading: DOLLY
text: They were wearing masks.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: Of course they were. How many?
speaker_heading: DOLLY
dialog: Three.
text: Smecker looks at Dolly surprised.
speaker_heading: DOLLY
dialog: Only two did the shooting.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: So what are you thinking, Russian
dialog: retaliation?
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: Nah, too quick half their
dialog: infrastructure got taken out at the
dialog: Copley plaza. Besides, if you're a
dialog: hitter, you're either working for
dialog: the Russians or the Italians. There's
dialog: no riding the fence. Our little theory
dialog: from last night just got blown to
dialog: shit. Something... new is going on
dialog: here.
text: Smecker sits next to the girl. He has Compassion. She Cries.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: Probably shouldn't work another shift
dialog: for awhile.
speaker_heading: DANCER
dialog: Fuck this job. I'm getting out of
dialog: the porno business and I don't care
dialog: who I gotta blow to do it.
scene_heading: INT. SIN BIN SMALL ROOM NIGHT
text: The bodies have been removed and chalk outlines replace them.
text: The bullet holes in the walls have been marked either A or
text: B. The detectives watch Smecker. He is a mess. His clothes
text: are disheveled and his hair is frazzled.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: After talking to the dancer we know
dialog: that their mark was the guy in the
text: middle booth. After she watches them
text: whack him, she passes out.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Why the two extra victims?
speaker_heading: GREENLY
dialog: Witness?
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: No way they could have seen it.
text: Smecker hits an orange button on the wall and a black steel
text: door with a money slot comes slamming down in front of the
text: first booth. He does the same thing to the last booth, leaving
text: the middle one open. Both doors possess peep holes.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Allow me to enlighten you gentlemen
dialog: to the protocol of the porno industry,
dialog: as I'm sure you've never been in one
dialog: of these places before. A man goes
text: into the booth, puts the money in
text: the slot. The dancer gets it on the
text: other side. She hits the button,
text: door goes up, now there is only glass
dialog: between you and it's
dialog: (makes a masturbatory
dialog: gesture with hand)
dialog: little fireman time.
speaker_heading: DUFFY
dialog: No way they could have seen it?
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: Those doors were down... which means
dialog: this. They looked down in through
dialog: the peep hole, saw these guys and
text: opened the doors from the inside.
dialog: Pop, pop, pop, right through the
dialog: glass. Why?
speaker_heading: DOLLY
dialog: Maybe the three of them had something
dialog: in common.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: No. This guy is big time.
dialog: (points to middle
dialog: booth)
text: These two are street-walking scum.
speaker_heading: GREENLY
dialog: (kidding)
dialog: Then that's what they had in common.
dialog: They were all bad guys... now they're
dialog: all dead bad guys.
text: Smecker seems side-tracked and ponderous at Greenly's
text: observation. He hits the orange buttons and raises the doors.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: We got another thing to think about
dialog: here. We got us a genuine Kennedy
dialog: assassination style bullet theory.
dialog: Two guns were used here, guns A and
dialog: B. The guy in the middle was done
dialog: with both. But this guy...
dialog: (denotes right booth)
dialog: ...he was killed with bullets from
dialog: gun A only. And this guy...
dialog: (denotes left booth)
dialog: ...gun B only. But ballistics dug
text: two slugs out of the wall from over
dialog: here where the victim was done with
dialog: A.
text: Smecker points to two bullet holes in the wall of the booth
text: on the left. Each is marked "B". He walks over to the right
text: booth where in the exact location are two identical holes
dialog: marked "A".
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: And it's the same story over here.
dialog: Why the crossover?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Theories.
speaker_heading: DOLLY
dialog: That's just fucking weird. I have no
dialog: idea.
speaker_heading: DUFFY
dialog: Jesus. I just can't think anymore.
dialog: That scene over at the coffee shop
dialog: today tapped me out.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: DUFFY
text: A guy went nuts over off of
dialog: Commonwealth today. Shot three guys
dialog: to death in a coffee shop in broad
dialog: daylight. Fled the scene. Don't have
text: much on him.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: (angry)
dialog: Why was I not informed of this?
speaker_heading: GREENLY
dialog: They weren't related. The guy used a
dialog: 38. No pennies. Totally amateur.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: Who were the victims?
speaker_heading: GREENLY
dialog: A couple of peons for the mob and...
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: (livid)
dialog: Oh that's just BEAUTIFUL! All the
text: scumbags in the quiet city of Boston
dialog: start dropping dead and you think
dialog: it's unrelated?! Greenly, the day I
dialog: want the Boston Police doing my
dialog: thinking for me, I will have a fucking
dialog: tag on my toe! Now, get me a squad
dialog: car and get me over there. I want
dialog: the crime scene photos and any witness
dialog: statements. NOW!
text: Smecker storms from the room. The detectives begin to follow.
text: Smecker comes barreling back in, shoving them out of the
text: way. He looks at the bullet holes in the walls marked "A and
dialog: B" again. Something has clicked.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: (wide-eyed)
dialog: Oh... it looks like we got us a
dialog: cowboy.
scene_heading: INT. LAKEVIEW LUNCH NIGHT
text: Smecker surveys photos and papers, as he smokes profusely.
text: He stands next to a table in the back where chairs are knocked
text: over. Body chalk and blood stains are everywhere. The
text: detectives seem like they don't want to be there, again.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: The shooter knew these guys, huh?
speaker_heading: DOLLY
dialog: How do you figure?
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: Friends, Gentlemen. They were friends.
text: Smecker flashes them a photo of a dead body. The victim is
text: shot in the head and face down in his plate of food. His
text: hands are on the table in front of him.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: These guys were packing. Not one
text: hand near a gun. It's simple human
dialog: behavior. Someone you don't know
dialog: approaches you, you put your hand on
dialog: it. This guy's got his hands on the
text: table. He's eating his food, for
dialog: Christ sakes. They were friends.
text: Smecker looks over the bar.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: These two fucking scenes are related.
dialog: Too many coincidences. Same day?
text: Five hours apart? Dead mobsters on
dialog: both scenes. Now, why did he kill
dialog: the bartender?
speaker_heading: DUFFY
dialog: Crime of passion. He just went nuts.
dialog: He would have shot everyone in here.
text: He just ran out of bullets.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: Duffy. This look like a fucking post
dialog: office to you? This guy came in here
text: with intent. Maybe he didn't know
dialog: exactly what he was gonna do but he
dialog: had a pretty good idea. The bartender
dialog: wasn't a fucking accident.
speaker_heading: DUFFY
dialog: Well, we didn't get any help on that.
dialog: A lot of people saw it. Nobody's
dialog: talking.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: Fucking figures. Look, are you guys
dialog: seeing the pattern here? We got big
dialog: questions at both of these crime
text: scenes, with no answers. WHY did
text: they kill the guys in the other two
dialog: booths? WHY did he do the bartender?
dialog: It would seem unnecessary, even
dialog: stupid.
dialog: (angry)
dialog: God, I hate cold crime scenes! I'm
dialog: fucking leaving now. And do me a
dialog: favor, tell me when the next guy
dialog: dies, cause these guys are not done
dialog: yet.
text: He storms to the entry way.
scene_heading: INT. LAKEVIEW LUNCH ENTRY WAY NIGHT
text: Smecker walks across the street, still angry, and goes to a
text: payphone. There's an extreme close-up on his hand as he puts
text: in a quarter. As the quarter jingles in...
scene_heading: FLASHBACK EXT. STREET IN FRONT OF LAKEVIEW LUNCH DAY
text: ...there is a close-up on a hand pulling back from the coin
text: slot. The hand moves up to pull a cigarette from its
text: possessor's mouth. It is Rocco. He dials the phone.
speaker_heading: MURPHY (V.O.)
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: Hey, Murph.
speaker_heading: MURPHY (V.O.)
dialog: Roc. You okay?
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: Yeah. Anybody call for me?
speaker_heading: MURPHY (V.O.)
dialog: No. You sure you're okay?
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: I'm fuckin' fine.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Catch you on the flip side.
text: He goes across the street and enters Salamone's.
scene_heading: INT. ROCCO'S APARTMENT DAY
text: Donna and Rayvie are laying on the couch. Connor is spit-
text: shining his boots by the window. Murphy lights his cigarette
text: on the gas stove and pours some salt in a pot of water with
text: a handful of pennies boiling to a shine in it. Rocco bursts
text: through the door, hysterical. Tears are streaming down his
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: Pack your shit! We gotta get outta
dialog: here! We gotta get out!
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: (hopping into his
dialog: boots)
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: I killed em! Oh, Jesus! I killed em
dialog: all!!
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: Rocco?
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: Hey, hey. Just calm down. Tell us
dialog: what happened!
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: No! Fuck you! You start getting
dialog: excited! We gotta fucking go!
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: Rocco!
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: (packing up gear)
dialog: Who did you kill?
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: (packing up gear)
dialog: Holy shit. Who? How many?
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: (rummaging through
dialog: his drawers)
dialog: Hurry the fuck up!
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: This is some crazy shit, man!
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: Those cocksuckers sold me out!
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: Did I fuckin' tell ya, Rocco? They
dialog: pull on you first?
speaker_heading: DONNA
speaker_heading: ROCCO!
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: What did I fuckin' do?... in the
text: middle of the Lakeview.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: Lakeview the deli? Oh, shit!
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: Ha! Ha! Roc, you got a jumbo set of
dialog: coconut balls man!
speaker_heading: DONNA/RAYVIE
speaker_heading: ROCCO!
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: (turns in rage)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Where's my cat?
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: (slight pause)
dialog: I killed your fuckin' cat, you druggie
dialog: bitch!
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: (shocked, hurt)
dialog: You... oh god, why?
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: I felt it would bring closure to our
dialog: relationship!
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: (crying)
dialog: You killed my... my...
text: She stops, unsure of the cat's name.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: Your what?! Your fuckin' what?!
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: My, my...
speaker_heading: ROCCO
text: (puts his gun to his
dialog: own head)
dialog: Your what, bitch? I'll shoot myself
dialog: in the head, you can tell me that
dialog: cats name! Go ahead... Your what?
dialog: Your precious little...
dialog: (waiting for her
dialog: response)
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: (flustered, crying)
dialog: Pee...Per...Man.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: Peeperman? WRONG? What color was
dialog: it?!!!
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: It was... It was...
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: Male or female, bitch?!!
speaker_heading: RAYVIE
dialog: Don't you yell at her you fuckin'
dialog: prick!
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: Shut your fat ass, Rayvie! I can't
dialog: buy a pack of smokes without running
dialog: into nine guys you fucked.
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: Don't you yell at her!
text: Rocco rummages through her purse and finds her car keys.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: All right, let's get the fuck outta
dialog: here!
text: They exit. Rayvie and Donna are hugging each other, crying.
speaker_heading: RAYVIE
dialog: Is my... I mean it's not really...?
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: No. No. It's not fat.
scene_heading: INT. CAR EARLY EVENING
text: Rocco is in the back. Connor is driving.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: Those rat fucks! All of them were
dialog: all laughing at me man!
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: You sure you killed them?
scene_heading: INT. FLASHBACK SALAMONE'S DAY
text: Rocco is standing at the back table while his cohorts remain
text: seated. They are OLY, and VINNIE.
speaker_heading: ROCCO (V.O.)
dialog: Fuckin-A-right I did. I had a goddam
text: turkey shoot over there.
speaker_heading: VINNIE
dialog: I'll bet it was a test. Vincenzo
text: came in here shooting his mouth off.
dialog: He was makin' sure we knew. But we
dialog: did what we were supposed to, eh? We
dialog: kept our mouths shut. You did your
dialog: part. They know we're goodfellas
dialog: now. We'll get taken care of.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: What? Did everyone know? Next thing
dialog: you'll tell me Sal was in on it.
text: Rocco looks at Sal the bartender who reaches for the phone.
speaker_heading: OLY
dialog: Fuck. Vincenzo told Sal first. That
dialog: fat fuck knew before we did.
text: They all start laughing together.
speaker_heading: OLY
dialog: At least we got our funny man back.
text: They all laugh as Rocco pulls his gun and shoots Oly in the
text: head. He lands face down in his plate of food. He shoots
text: Vinnie in the chest then turns on Sal. He yells "Funny, funny,
text: funny" as he pumps the remaining rounds into him.
scene_heading: INT. BACK TO PRESENT DONNA'S CAR
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: Anybody see ya?
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: Fuck, man! I may as well have posted
dialog: flyers. Right out in public, man.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: Liberating isn't it?
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: (smiles at last)
dialog: Y'know it is, a bit.
text: The boys laugh.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: Stop the car!
text: Connor pulls over directly in front of a pink neon sign that
dialog: says The Sin Bin.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: Vincenzo, that fat motherfucker,
dialog: Yakavetta's right hand. He's the one
dialog: who set me up. Then he went around
text: shooting his mouth off, telling
dialog: everyone I was as good as dead. He
dialog: goes in there every Wednesday night
text: around 10:00, he jerks off in the
text: same booth to the same titty dancer.
dialog: Never misses.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: So?
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: So let's kill the motherfucker. I
dialog: mean, what are you guys... like that's
dialog: your new thing right?
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: (looks at Murphy)
dialog: Yeah, well...
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: Oh, what the fuck? How do you guys
dialog: decide who you're... I mean, who
dialog: makes the cut? Is there a raffle or
dialog: something?
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: Well, truth be known, those first
dialog: ones just kinda fell into our laps.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: Well, what'ya do?
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: I guess we really don't have a system
dialog: of deciding who.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: (excited, yelling)
dialog: MEEE! ME! I'm the guy! I know
dialog: everyone, their habits, where they
dialog: hang out, who they talk to. I know
dialog: where they fuckin' live. We could
dialog: kill everyone!
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: (to Connor)
dialog: So what do you think?
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: I'm strangely comfortable with it.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY BEHIND SIN BIN NIGHT
text: Rocco, Connor and Murphy are looking very serious as they
text: smoke outside the rear door, in the alley. A drug dealer in
text: a hooded Boston Bruins jacket emerges from the opposing alley.
text: He stops a 13 year-old kid. The kid is scared as the drug
text: dealer slaps him. The kid give him money and the drug dealer
text: stuffs a small baggie in the boy's shirt. He lets him go and
text: withdraws into the alley.
text: As the boys and Rocco watch this from the opposing alley,
text: they begin to head for them, but Vincenzo's car pulls up
text: across the street. Rocco stops the boys and denotes Vincenzo.
text: The boys head in the front door. Rocco moves back into the
dialog: alley.
scene_heading: INT. SIN BIN NIGHT
text: Vincenzo enters and shuffles past the bar where the brothers
text: stand. He walks through a bead curtain at the back of the
text: busy porno house. The boys follow him.
scene_heading: INT. SIN BIN HALLWAY NIGHT
text: They go to the back, open the exit door and let Rocco in.
text: The three wind down long dark hallways with Rocco leading
text: the way until they reach a green door. The boys stand, side
text: by side, directly in front of it. Rocco is just behind them.
text: The three pull identical 9mm.'s and the boys pull on their
text: masks. Rocco puts on a mask that he made from a dock worker's
text: cotton hat. He looks ridiculous.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: Okay Roc, this is...
text: He turns and is instantly taken with laughter at Rocco's
text: appearance. Connor turns, and has the same reaction.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: What? You guys got masks.
text: They are now pointing and laughing.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: (through laughter)
dialog: You look like Mush Mouth from Fat
dialog: Albert.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: (takes off mask)
dialog: Fine! Fuck it! When we're done she
dialog: can I.D. me. I don't care. Just tryin'
dialog: to be professional, but no...
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: (still laughing)
dialog: No. No. It looks good. C'mon, put it
dialog: back on. It's good.
text: He begrudgingly puts it back on. They reassume their position.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: (imitating mush mouth)
dialog: Okay Roc. You sure you're O-B-kay-B?
scene_heading: INT. SIN BIN SMALL ROOM NIGHT
text: They burst into the room, climb up a few steps and are in a
text: small round room with a couch in it. A topless dancer sits,
text: smoking and drinking coffee, on the couch in front of three
text: big black steel doors with money slots in them. Rocco seizes
text: her, puts a hand over her mouth and a gun to her head.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: Which one is he in?
text: She points to the middle door.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
text: (takes his hand off
dialog: her mouth)
dialog: What's his routine?
speaker_heading: DANCER
text: H... h... he jerks off in there.
dialog: Th... then he puts money through the
text: slot and I raise the door.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: How?
text: She points to an orange button. Each door has a button to
text: the left of it.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: Then what?
speaker_heading: DANCER
dialog: He watches me do my thing and f-
text: finishes himself off.
scene_heading: INT. SIN BIN CENTER BOOTH NIGHT
text: We see the fuzzy reflection of a cheap porno movie being
text: reflected in Vincenzo's Elvis style sunglasses. He is shaking
text: as he masturbates.
speaker_heading: VINCENZO
dialog: (grunting, muttering)
dialog: Don't you talk to me like that, you
dialog: dirty little... give it to daddy...
dialog: give it ta da King... garbage mouth,
dialog: garbage mouth.
scene_heading: INT. SIN BIN SMALL ROOM NIGHT
text: Rocco is looking through the peep hole down on Vincenzo. He
text: still holds the terrified, crying dancer.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: Oh man. He is some sicko.
text: They back up and focus on the money slot. A hundred dollar
text: bill comes through. Connor gives it to the dancer.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: You've earned this.
text: The boys begin to recite their prayer. Rocco is smiling and
text: excited, he still hangs on to the now hyperventilating dancer.
text: They press the button. The door goes straight up. Vincenzo
text: has one moment of shock before the MacManuses decimate him
text: through the glass with silenced bullets. The glass silently
text: spiders and begins to fall in spots. His chest explodes,
text: sputtering medallions and bits of gold chain inside the booth.
text: The dancer faints and Rocco lays her down gently.
text: The boys step down in the boot and begin their ritual.
text: Rocco watches intently, intrigued. They finish and turn around
text: to see Rocco is immersed in grabbing one of the unconscious
text: dancer's breasts. They pull up their masks.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: What the fuck are you doing?
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: I-I'll tip her.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: We've teamed up with a sex offender.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: So, when are you getting a plastic
dialog: fuck doll?
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: All right. I'm sorry. I'm pathetic.
text: He gets up and starts tossing money on her as the boys giggle.
text: Just then two more bills come through the slots of the other
text: two doors, which have remained closed. Murphy looks through
text: left peep hole, Connor the right. Smiles spread across their
text: faces and they look at each other. They switch and each looks
text: through the other guy's peep hole.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: What? What is it?
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: This place is like a scumbag yard
dialog: sale.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: We gotta come down here once a week
dialog: and clean house.
text: Rocco looks in one. He says "Oh, wow" as he crosses and checks
dialog: out the other one.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: You sure about this guy?
text: The boys look at each other affirmatively.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: Oh man. You gotta let me do these
dialog: guys. I'm such a moron. I gotta make
dialog: up for the tit thing.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: No way. I've been waitin' for this
dialog: asshole.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: Aw, c'mon. I gotta clear my family
dialog: name here. I've brought shame to the
dialog: house of Della Rocco.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: Give the guy a shot.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: (thinks it over)
dialog: Rocco, this is the real deal. We
dialog: must kill without hesitation, without
text: guilt or remorse. Evil man, dead
dialog: man.
text: Rocco gets serious and nods his head. Connor replaces the
text: clip in his gun and hands it to Rocco. Murphy does the same.
text: He stands with one in each hand, aiming one gun at each door.
text: The boys both place a finger on the appropriate orange
text: buttons, as Rocco slowly cocks his head back. With wide eyes
text: he thrusts his head forward. The doors fly up. Rocco fires
text: both guns yelling "Yeah, take it, take it!" Both the drug
text: dealer from outside and the pimp from the emergency room are
text: destroyed. Rocco then crosses his arms and fires two more
text: shots from each gun. On the opposing walls of each booth two
text: identical bullet holes appear.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: Wyatt-fuckin'-Earp, man!
scene_heading: INT. SIN BIN JUST OUTSIDE THE PRIVATE BOOTH MINUTES LATER
text: Rocco shuts the door.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: You guys gotta teach me that prayer,
dialog: man. That's some good shit.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: Forget it. It's a family prayer. My
dialog: father, his father before him that
dialog: sort of shit.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: C'mon!
scene_heading: INT. RITZY RESTAURANT BATHROOM NIGHT
text: An old man appears to look at himself in the mirror of an
text: empty but very upper class bathroom. His eyes are very glazed
text: over. He puts a large leather case on the counter near the
text: sinks. A red and white blind stick hangs off his right
dialog: forearm.
text: Yakavetta enters, crosses behind him and stands next to him.
text: AUGUSTUS (72 years) sniffs the air. A look of angry
text: realization overtakes his face.
speaker_heading: AUGUSTUS
dialog: Fuck you.
speaker_heading: YAKAVETTA
dialog: Hey, Augustus, I need your help, I
dialog: got a serious problem here. I'm not
text: screwing around.
speaker_heading: AUGUSTUS
dialog: I bounced you on my knee at family
dialog: reunions, for Christ sakes. Your dad
dialog: and me ran the whole east coast
dialog: syndicate you snot-nosed little prick.
dialog: And when you took the wheel, who was
dialog: beside you?
text: Augustus begins to remove items from his suitcase. First a
text: plate. He sets it down next to the sink. Then assorted
text: colognes, cigarettes and chewing gum. He begins arranging
text: them in neat rows, always feeling with his guiding hands.
speaker_heading: YAKAVETTA
dialog: Hey, I just...
speaker_heading: AUGUSTUS
dialog: Don't start with your shit. Don't
dialog: you talk to me. Oh, hey Uncle Gussy,
dialog: thanks for years of service. Here's
text: a gold watch and a job sniffing other
dialog: guys' shit eight hours a day. What
dialog: am I, a retired bus driver?
speaker_heading: YAKAVETTA
dialog: I need Il Duce.
speaker_heading: AUGUSTUS
dialog: The Duke?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What did you do?
speaker_heading: YAKAVETTA
dialog: This kid, this package boy could
dialog: bring down the whole east coast. If
dialog: he decides to turn states he could
dialog: dismantle us... totally. But it looks
dialog: like for now, he's content with just
dialog: killing us one by one. And even worse
dialog: the kid is good at it. I mean I had
dialog: a prodigy on my hands the whole time
dialog: and didn't even know it.
text: Yakavetta puts an envelope of money in the plate.
speaker_heading: AUGUSTUS
dialog: Listen kid, I think you better
dialog: understand who you're dealing with
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: YAKAVETTA
dialog: Yeah. I was only twelve or thirteen
dialog: when you guys used to talk about
text: him, like he was a ghost or something.
speaker_heading: AUGUSTUS
dialog: Your dad and I used him three times
dialog: over twenty years, only when
dialog: everything went totally fucked.
dialog: Believe me kid, you don't want this
dialog: guy unless you are 100% sure you
dialog: need him. He is... a fuckin' monster.
scene_heading: INT. PRISON PROCESSING ROOM DAY
text: This is a gigantic three tiered room with guards on all tiers.
text: They all cock their shotguns.
text: A PRISONER is shackled barefoot to a small metal cart on
text: wheels. His hands are cuffed before him with a chain linking
text: his hands and feet. A guard is pulling the cart through the
text: prison to the parole board room by a long chain. The cons
text: have their mirrors out to get a better look. His face is in
text: shadow as he bows his head.
text: A metal cage is lowered around him from the ceiling. The
text: parole board looks him over. A stenographer sits poised
speaker_heading: MR. COBB
dialog: (English accent)
dialog: Do you feel you have been
dialog: rehabilitated?
text: No response is given by the prisoner. The stenographer looks
text: at MR. COBB who gives her the nod. She begins typing though
text: no words are spoken.
scene_heading: INT. RITZY RESTAURANT BATHROOM DAY
speaker_heading: AUGUSTUS
dialog: I've had this guy in front of me,
dialog: and I couldn't tell you what he looks
dialog: like, sounds like. He is the Picasso
dialog: of assassins, kid. He plants hair
text: samples, blood. Puts skin under
dialog: fingernails. He is a fucking genius.
dialog: Only one problem. He's been rotting
dialog: in prison for twenty-five or thirty
dialog: years. Don't even know if he's still
text: alive. Or if he's even up to it.
text: Augustus hands him a piece of paper he scribbled on.
speaker_heading: YAKAVETTA
dialog: There's ways around that.
speaker_heading: AUGUSTUS
dialog: Go find one.
scene_heading: INT. PAROLE PROCESSING ROOM DAY
text: A large piece of paper is placed on the table and stamped
text: with the words parole granted across it.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM BOSTON DAY
text: The prisoner, Il Duce enters. He is clad in a long dark trench
text: coat with the collar pulled up, dark round glasses and a
text: dark hat. He puts a suitcase on the bed.
text: He walks over to the window. He slowly puts his hand outside
text: and watches the sun bounce off it. Tears begin to flow from
text: beneath his glasses as he breaks down. He begins to take off
text: his clothes as he weeps, casting them aside.
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL ROOM FIRE ESCAPE BACK ALLEY DUSK
text: The Duke is fully naked, except for a hotel blanket which is
text: wrapped around his waist, sitting on the fire escape. He
text: smiles and is still misty-eyed as he beholds the sun setting.
text: Scattered around him are all the furnishings of freedom;
text: Snickers bars, all kinds of empty candy wrappers, Coke cans,
dialog: and many assorted magazines.
scene_heading: INT. COFFEE HOUSE NIGHT 2:00 A.M.
text: Rocco and the brothers sit in an old Boston coffee house.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: Let's talk some business here. I
dialog: know a sick fuck... makes the ones
dialog: we been doing look like altar boys.
dialog: Worst night of my life when I met
dialog: this guy.
scene_heading: FLASHBACK EXT. SUBURBAN BEAVER CLEAVER-TYPE HOUSE DUSK
text: Rocco waits in a late model Chevelle in front of a white
text: house. A man exits the house and walks across the sprawling
text: front lawn. Rocco leans over and says How ya doin', man?
text: The man doesn't respond and sits in the passenger seat.
text: During the following scenes we FLASHCUT between bits of
text: Rocco's experience that night to the coffee house and catch
text: bits of dialogue as he explains.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: The guy never says a fuckin' word to
dialog: me. We're driving for 25 minutes.
dialog: Never a sigh, no throat clearing,
text: nothing. And his face, blank man.
dialog: Just nothing there.
scene_heading: EXT. DECREPIT HOUSE NIGHT CONTINUED
text: FLASHCUT: They pull up to a house in a scummy, Boston Logan
text: Airport neighborhood. Rocco gets out and sits on the hood
text: smoking as the man makes his way up the walk.
scene_heading: INT. DECREPIT HOUSE CONTINUED
text: Two tough looking wiseguys walk across a hallway cocking
text: shotguns. They disappear into a room.
text: FLASHCUT : He quietly enters the house and pulls a large
text: bright-blue plastic tarp from his coat and spreads it across
text: the floor in the hallway. We hear the sound of Sega video
text: games being played. He pulls out two pistols with silencers
dialog: and walk.
text: He disappears into the living room. Two white flashes and
text: the sounds of silencers. A hookerish looking mom enters frame
text: in the B.G. in the kitchen. She is talking on the phone. She
text: disappears from view. The man reappears and walks to the
text: kitchen. A white flash and the sounds of silencer.
text: He walks right down the hall and halts right in front of us
text: and listens. He goes into the room the wiseguys had entered.
text: We hear a second of male voices in protest. Two flashes of
text: light and the sounds of silencers. A dog is heard barking.
text: The man reappears in the hall and walks to its end, through
text: the kitchen. He opens a pair of sliding doors and steps out
text: of our view. A flash of white light and the sound of a
dialog: silencer.
scene_heading: EXT. DECREPIT HOUSE NIGHT CONTINUED
text: Rocco is out front listening as the barks abruptly cease.
scene_heading: INT. DECREPIT HOUSE NIGHT CONTINUED
text: FLASHCUT : The man drags a dead dog across the kitchen floor,
text: leaving a streak of blood. FLASHCUT : He drags the bodies of
text: two kids, two men and the woman down the hall toward us
text: leaving the hall carpet streaked with blood.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: I didn't see what he was doing while
dialog: he was in there.
text: FLASHCUT : The man pulls out a large hunting knife and
text: disappears into each room. The sounds of hacking are heard.
text: He reappears holding different pieces of bloody debris. A
text: telephone, a piece of carpet, pieces of drywall. He takes a
text: mop and cleans off the blood on the linoleum of the kitchen
dialog: floor.
text: He walks toward us and stabs the mop in right before camera.
text: It stays standing.
text: FLASHCUT : We see from his p.o.v. a pile of broken bodies,
text: bloody debris and a dead dog with a mop sticking out the
dialog: top.
scene_heading: EXT. DECREPIT HOUSE NIGHT CONTINUED
text: FLASHCUT : The man steps outside and motions Rocco in.
scene_heading: FLASHBACK EXT. BACK FACTORY LOT NIGHT
text: Rocco's face is now expressionless as the two load the last
text: body in the furnace and toss the dog in, unloading from
text: Rocco's trunk. They shut the furnace door and there is just
text: the low hum of a furnace and the light wind blowing.
speaker_heading: THE MAN
dialog: I have a poker game at the house
dialog: every Saturday with a couple of guys
dialog: you know. Why don't you come down?
dialog: Wife makes a hell of a bar-g-que.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Yeah... yeah, I'd like that. Tell me
dialog: something. What did they do?
speaker_heading: THE MAN
dialog: I don't know.
scene_heading: BACK TO PRESENT INT. COFFEE HOUSE NIGHT
text: Rocco is looking down in silence.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: Worst day of my life, man.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Well, I'm sold.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: Don't worry, Roc. We'll do this guy
dialog: right and you'll feel a lot better.
scene_heading: INT. ROCCO'S MOM'S KITCHEN NEXT DAY 1:00 P.M.
text: The three burst in, all yelling at each other. They are all
text: bleeding profusely from gun shot wounds. Connor turns on the
text: gas stove and slams a new clothing iron down on the burner.
text: He has wrapped the cord around the handle so it won't burn.
text: They have all ripped their clothes haphazardly and have made
text: tourniquets to nurse their wounds.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: Who the fuck was he, Rocco? I know
dialog: you fuckin' know!
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: Fuck you! I told you I never saw him
dialog: before!
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: Well he sure as fuck knew you!
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: Fuck you both! Ya ask me, he was
dialog: aiming at you!
text: The scene fades into total silence as they viciously argue.
text: They then take turns hold each other down as they cauterize
text: their wounds with the hot iron. Two guys will hold a third
text: down and force a wadded up pillow case in his mouth, as they
dialog: burn him
scene_heading: EXT. BOSTON SUBURBAN BEAVER-CLEAVER TYPE HOUSE SAME DAY
text: 5:00 P.M.
text: Smecker sits on the balls of his fee on a sprawling front
text: lawn. He looks out to the street and sees a forensics
text: technician kneeling before a new, gray Ford Taurus riddled
text: with bullet holes. The man marks a sea of different-sized
text: bullet casings that stretch for thirty-five feet down the
text: sidewalk. He circles two blood stains on the side walk with
text: orange chalk.
text: Smecker turns and looks at the front of the house. It is
text: peppered with bullet holes, all seemingly concentrated on
text: the front stoop area. Men try to lift blood samples off the
text: white paint around the door. He stands and Dolly, Duffy and
text: Greenly are ready with pens and notebooks behind him.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: Okay. Here's what happened.
scene_heading: FLASHBACK INT. PARKED FAMILY VAN SAME DAY NOON
text: Connor, Murphy and Rocco sit in a parked van, down the street
text: from the Beaver Cleaver house. The three are sitting next to
text: each other in the longer back seat. They have a counter in
text: front of them with all their guns and accessories on it.
text: The clicking of bullets into clips, and smacking of clips
text: into guns are heard. Smecker sits in the captain's chair
text: directly across from them, calmly smoking a cigarette. They
text: finish their preparation. Rocco holds up his guns.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
text: They waited in a parked car down the
dialog: street for the kid to leave.
text: Murphy spies a young boy peddling his bike out of the
text: driveway. He goes to the front of the van.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
text: There he goes.
dialog: (turns back to them,
dialog: pulls his guns)
dialog: Okay, gentlemen. Are we ready to
dialog: bring this man into the light? Are
dialog: we ready to truly do the work of the
dialog: Lord?
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: (cocks his pistol)
dialog: A-fuckin'-men!
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: This is so fuckin' cool!
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN BEAVER CLEAVER TYPE HOUSE DAY
text: Connor, Murphy, and Rocco make a frenzied exit from the van
text: and walk across the front lawn, each carrying a black duffle
text: bag and clutching a mask. The garage is opened a crack.
text: They pull it up all the way. The sun shines in on Smecker
text: who stands there smoking.
scene_heading: INT. SUBURBAN "BEAVER CLEAVER" TYPE HOUSE GARAGE DAY
text: They enter and close the door behind them
speaker_heading: SMECKER
text: They went in through the garage. The
text: kid says he leaves it open when he
text: takes his bike out.
text: They dive into their bags and suit up with leather gloves,
text: masks, navy P-coats and their guns.
scene_heading: INT. SUBURBAN "BEAVER CLEAVER" TYPE HOUSE DAY
text: The three open the door and enter the house and walk
text: deliberately down the hallway.
speaker_heading: SMECKER (V.O.)
dialog: Now, they know the wife is the gate
dialog: keeper. She knows the code.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN "BEAVER CLEAVER" TYPE HOUSE BACKYARD DAY
text: They walk with the terrified woman around the pool to a steel
text: door pool house entrance. There is a number pad next to the
text: door. Rocco positions her in front of it.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: Don't fuck with me lady. I'll kill
dialog: you.
text: She slowly punches in the numbers. Smecker is standing there
dialog: smoking.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
text: The wife says she doesn't know what
dialog: happened after she hit the code. She
dialog: just remembers going down. But,
text: judging by the burn mark on her back,
dialog: I think what they did...
text: Rocco pulls a stun gun and zaps her with it. She goes down.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
text: ...was use a stun gun on her.
text: Connor reaches for the knob but Rocco stops him. They wait,
text: guns drawn and focus on the door knob.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: Now the guy knows a friend is coming
dialog: to the game. And they know that this
dialog: door can only be opened from the
dialog: inside. So they wait... and when
dialog: that door opens, man...
text: The knob turns and they kick it in.
scene_heading: INT. POOLHOUSE - DAY
text: They burst in and line up shoulder to shoulder, guns aimed.
text: Smecker stands beside Rocco with his thumb and forefinger
text: extended to mimic guns. Five mafiosos sit around a poker
text: table in front of time. Two men are playing pool to their
text: left. Rocco quickly scans the room.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: All of them.
text: They begin firing. Men are dying, their chests exploding.
text: Smecker moves his hands like firing guns and yells over the
dialog: noise.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: Nobody was ready for it. Devastation,
dialog: panic! This was like shooting fish
dialog: in a fuckin' barrel!
text: Smecker points to the pool table as the two players dive
text: under it.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
text: Now these guys dove under the table.
text: The trajectory on the bullets show
dialog: they came from straight across. So
dialog: this means one of our shooters...
text: dropped to his knees...
text: Smecker drops to his knees in perfect synchronicity with
text: Rocco. They are side by side and leaning back.
text: Rocco fires and the men under the table skip around as they
text: are riddled with bullets. Smecker's mimicking hands follow
text: him perfectly with each shot. The boys and Rocco demask.
text: Rocco goes around to all the bodies and looks earnestly at
text: each one, as Connor and Murphy pick up bullet casings.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: Shit!... Shit! He ain't here.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: What the fuck do you mean?
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: I mean he ain't here.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: Look again for fuck sake!
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: I know what the fuck he looks like!
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: Something went wrong. Right here.
scene_heading: INT. POOLHOUSE BATHROOM DAY
text: The man they came for gets off the toilet and pulls up his
text: pants. He is expressionless. He pulls a towel rack from the
dialog: wall.
scene_heading: INT. POOLHOUSE DAY
text: The door behind Rocco begins to open outward. As the door
text: swings open, Rocco tries to angle a gun around to shoot the
text: man who is opening it. But as soon as the man sees his hand,
text: bam! he comes down on it with the towel rack. Rocco pulls
text: back in pain dropping his other gun but the gun fires, as
text: the man's blow connects. The shot pierces his stomach and
text: sends him against the wall. He holds his abdomen in pain.
text: There is a moment of recognition between the man and Rocco.
text: Rocco is terrified as the man dives on him and they begin
text: fighting. Murphy jumps to help, but Connor pulls him back.
text: They both stand in front of the pool table about thirty feet
dialog: from Rocco.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: Let the boy go!
text: He is now being choked, as he glares at them in disbelief.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: C'mon Roc!
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: Now, one of these guys is a real
dialog: sicko. He knew this man. He wanted
dialog: him to suffer, to feel every second
dialog: of a painful death.
text: As Rocco is wrestling and punching on the floor. He looks
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: Help me you assholes!
dialog: (they continue to
dialog: cheer)
dialog: He's gonna fuckin' kill me!
dialog: (he fights harder)
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: This guy is one bad motherfucker.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: I don't wanna die!!!!!
text: Murphy is aching to help but Connor is more steady. A man
text: who has been shot starts to regain consciousness. Connor
text: turns his back to shoot him (slo-mo). Murphy sees his
text: opportunity, pulls the cue ball from the table, and rolls it
text: silently across the carpet toward Rocco.
text: Connor fires with his left hand and as the casing ejects
text: from the gun he catches it in mid air and makes the sign of
text: the cross. Rocco is on his back, the man is straddling him.
text: They both have each others throats and are trying to strangle
text: one another. When the ball is within arms reach, Rocco slams
text: his hand down on it and knocks his assailant in the skull.
text: He straddles him and begins to mercilessly beat his face in
text: with the cue ball, yelling "You sick fuck!"
text: He finally stops, gets up, runs toward the boys, and throws
text: an exhausted punch at Connor who just lays Roc down on the
text: pool table and says, "Nicely done, boy". Murphy tends to
text: Roc. Connor checks out the man and seems surprised.
text: Murphy takes the bloody cue ball from Rocco's hand and
text: polishes it off on his jacket, making sure Connor cannot
text: see. He replaces it perfectly on the table. Smecker now stands
text: in front of the table with the cue shining in the background.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: I've never seen wounds like these
dialog: before, but whatever he used on this
dialog: guy, it was a blunt object and they
dialog: took it with them.
text: Smecker exits to the left as Greenly enters from the right,
text: following Smecker out. He walks by the table furiously
text: scribbling in his notebook. Connor, Murphy and Rocco exit
text: the room, pennies in the eyes of all the corpses in the
text: background. Rocco holds two duffle bags full of poker money.
text: Greenly stops, picks up the cue ball and looks at the dead
text: man. He shakes his head and says, "Nah".
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN "BEAVER CLEAVER" TYPE HOUSE FRONT LAWN DAY
text: Smecker stands in the middle of the front lawn. His hair is
text: a mess. He's chain-smoking. His clothes are disheveled.
text: His eyes are psychotic. He points to the parked Taurus as
text: six men in dark suits appear in a fuzzy, out-of-focus shot.
text: They line up shoulder to shoulder on the sidewalk.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
text: They exited out the front door. And
dialog: they had no fucking idea what they
dialog: were in for.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN "BEAVER CLEAVER" TYPE HOUSE FRONT LAWN DAY
text: Rocco, Connor and Murphy walk toward the front door.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBANK "BEAVER CLEAVER" TYPE HOUSE SIDEWALK DAY
text: (Slo-mo) Two black leather boots slowly walk up the sidewalk
text: and stop in front of the new, gray Ford Taurus then turn
text: toward the house. Il Duce removes a white balloon filled
text: with a few ounces of fluid from the pocket of his black trench
text: coat. He throws it on the walk, the blood splatters. He picks
text: up the remnants of the balloon and puts them back in his
text: pocket and stands there waiting, looking at the house.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN "BEAVER CLEAVER" TYPE HOUSE FRONT STOOP DAY
text: The boys come out, Rocco in the middle and slightly ahead of
text: them. They look out to the walk, stunned.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
text: Now they are staring at six guys
dialog: with guns drawn. It was a fucking
dialog: ambush.
text: Our three heroes stand, their jaws dropping as their point
text: of view reveals the Il Duce, standing alone, his hands folded
text: in front of him.
text: Suddenly, he throws open his trench coat to reveal a special
text: leather vest beneath. Six guns, all different, are holstered
text: on the front of it: three on each side extend from just below
text: his collar bones to his abdomen. Connor and Murphy don't
text: hesitate. They each draw one of their now unsilenced guns
text: from their shoulder holsters and aim, one arm over each of
text: Rocco's shoulders. The Duke draws his top two weapons and
dialog: aims.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: And this was a fucking bomb dropping
dialog: in Beaver Cleaverville! For a few
dialog: seconds this place was Armageddon!
dialog: There was a fire fight!
text: They all start shooting at once. The noise is deafening.
text: The Taurus is being pierced and the front of the house is
text: splintering as it is riddled with bullets. Smecker is still
text: in the middle, hands raised to the heavens, turning circles.
text: Rocco's pinky finger gets shot off, sending blood splattering
text: against the house. He dives in the bushes reeling. He pulls
text: a gun and starts firing.
text: Murphy catches a bullet in the arm and dives for the bushes
text: as well. Il Duce with lightening speed, drops the guns and
text: pulls the next two down as he walks to his right about ten
text: feet. He commences firing and the casings hit the sidewalk,
text: all different calibers and sizes are dropping down the walk.
text: It's him and Connor and nobody is backing down. They both
text: grind their teeth as they fire rapidly at each other. At the
text: same moment, The Duke gets hit in the arm and Connor takes a
text: bullet in the leg. The firing ceases for a moment.
text: Connor remains steady and Il Duce looks down at his arm and
text: his own blood splattered on the sidewalk.
speaker_heading: IL DUCE
dialog: No!... No! No!...
text: He drops the guns and pulls the last two as he moves to the
text: right. He fires with wrath as he screams the word No over
text: and over. Rocco and Murphy return fire from the bushes yelling
text: and swearing, as Connor does the same from his position on
dialog: the stoop.
text: The Duke turns and runs, leaving a sea of casings, and guns
text: that extend for 35 feet down the walk. There are also two
text: blood stains.
text: In a frenzy the boys and Rocco get up and withdraw some spray
text: bottles from their bags. The begin spraying all their own
text: blood stains on the stoop and the front of the white house.
text: They then pick up their things and run off.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN "BEAVER CLEAVER" TYPE HOUSE FRONT LAWN DAY
text: Smecker comes back to reality and lights a cigarette in front
text: of Dolly, Duffy, and Greenly.
speaker_heading: GREENLY
dialog: What if it was just one guy with six
dialog: guns?
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: Why don't you let me do the thinking,
dialog: huh, genius?
text: He turns to the forensics guys at the front of the house and
text: begins to walk over to him.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: What is taking so long with those
dialog: blood samples?
speaker_heading: FORENSICS WOMAN #1
dialog: I can't get a good sample. There is
dialog: variable here I'm not seeing.
text: Smecker puts his finger through a big blood stain on the
text: door and smells it.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: (in shock, and rage)
dialog: They used ammonia... none of this
dialog: shit is any good... Fuck... You know
dialog: what this means?! Even if we get
dialog: suspects in this case, we got
dialog: nothing... Nothing!
text: He starts kicking the bushes and trying to tear them with
text: his hands as he rages. The police and forensics all back
dialog: off.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: Who the fuck are they?! I've never
dialog: seen any-fucking-thing like this in
dialog: my whole fucking life. Who the fuck
dialog: are they?!!
text: He backs against the building and slides down to a sitting
text: position in the bushes as if he has given up. He raises his
text: head and there he sees Rocco's pinky finger lying undiscovered
text: in the bushes. He pulls a small plastic bag from his pocket
text: and scoops it up. He shoves it back into his pocket and races
dialog: off.
speaker_heading: DUFFY
dialog: What? That's it?!
scene_heading: INT. ROCCO'S MOM'S KITCHEN NIGHT
text: Rocco, Connor, and Murphy are sitting around the table.
text: They are numb with pain and silently sipping beers. Suddenly,
text: Smecker comes on the news making an announcement that he is
text: heading up the investigation to find the three of them.
text: Rocco shuts it off.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: Shit.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: What?
dialog: (points to TV)
dialog: What, that guy?
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: That's the guy that got us off the
dialog: hook with the "Checkov" thing.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: And he is one smart man.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: They got nothing.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: This guy is very sharp. If he hasn't
dialog: figured us out yet, he will.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: You bet your ass he will.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: Well, I'd say that makes him a lia-
dialog: fuckin-bility.
text: The boys look at each other.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: He isn't to be touched.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: He's a good man.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: Okay... whatever.
dialog: (looking at the bloody
dialog: mess)
dialog: My Mom's gonna kill me.
scene_heading: INT. SMECKER'S BEDROOM NIGHT
text: Smecker is sitting at a computer terminal. He has just hooked
text: into the F.B.I.'s computer network with his authorization
text: code. He is disgusted as he puts on surgical gloves and finger
text: prints the severed finger onto a scanner. He waits for a
text: moment. Rocco's face and rap sheet come up on his screen. He
text: is in disbelief.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: No. This is all wrong. David Della
dialog: Rocco?
scene_heading: FLASHBACK EXT. POLICE STATION FRONT STEPS
text: Rocco on the steps of the police station when Rocco brought
dialog: the boys their clothes.
scene_heading: BACK TO PRESENT INT. SMECKER'S BEDROOM NIGHT
text: He picks up the phone.
speaker_heading: MARIA (V.O.)
dialog: Boston Police Department.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: Yeah. Maria, this is Smecker. Could
dialog: you find me the visitor's list for
dialog: the day the MacManus brothers were
dialog: in and read me all the names?
text: She reads a few names then hits David Della Rocco.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: Okay, thank you.
text: He hangs us, puts in a smoke, and knocks his head back in
text: deep thought.
scene_heading: INT. GAY BAR NIGHT
text: Smecker is drinking like a fiend. He is disturbed and rowdy.
text: He's a bad drunk. He downs a shot and motions for another
text: one. The BARTENDER comes over.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: You've had quite a bit, Paul. Are
dialog: you sure you...
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: Pour the drink, faggot-ass!
text: He obeys. A good looking gay man comes up and whispers in
text: Smecker's ear and points to the back room.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: Okay... But I don't cuddle.
text: They proceed to the back. Smecker is stumbling.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET IN FRONT OF CHURCH EARLY MORNING
text: Rocco pulls Vincenzo's car to the curb and the MacManus'
dialog: exit.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: Hey! We gotta talk about this early
dialog: morning church shit.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: We have to go now.
dialog: (giggles)
dialog: We're on the lamb.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET IN FRONT OF THE GAY BAR EARLY MORNING
text: Smecker staggers out of the bar. He is an absolute wreck.
text: Rocco exits a package store just down the street. He is
text: opening a new pack of cigarettes. He is surprised when he
text: sees Smecker at the other end of the block. He follows the
text: stumbling agent, fumbling for his gun.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET IN FRONT OF CHURCH EARLY MORNING
text: Paul sees a church and reflects for a moment before crossing
text: the street and going in, Rocco a safe distance behind.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH EARLY MORNING
text: Connor and Murphy are at prayer in the back of the church.
text: It is mostly empty because of the early hour.
text: Connor looks up and sees Smecker and Rocco way up in the
text: front. His eyes are ablaze. He is up and walking and does
text: not bother Murphy, who remains penitent. There are two
text: confessional booths with a priest booth in the middle.
text: Smecker goes in the booth on the far left. Rocco tries the
text: door, it's locked. A middle-aged PRIEST slips a key in the
text: priests booth and opens the door. Rocco shoves him in and
text: goes in behind him. Connor has quickened his pace. He tries
text: both doors. They're locked. He goes into the confessional on
dialog: the right.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH PRIEST'S BOOTH EARLY MORNING
text: Rocco puts his gun to the priest's head.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: You gonna do what I say, got it?
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: I'm sorry you're gonna hafta see
dialog: this. Don't look at me!
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I didn't see.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: Shut up! Shut the fuck up!
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH CONNOR'S CONFESSIONAL EARLY MORNING
text: Connor is furiously working his fingers through the lattice
text: work to open the slider to the priest's booth from his side.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH PRIEST'S BOOTH EARLY MORNING
text: Rocco takes the priest and puts his face in front of the
text: slider to Smecker's booth, gun to the back of his head.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Don't do this my son.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: Open it!
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Have you no fear of God?
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: That's who I'm doing this for, now
dialog: open the fuckin' thing.
text: Connor gets the slider open. Rocco's long hair hangs just
text: inches from Connor's face. Connor puts his thumb and
text: forefinger through, desperately reaching for a lock of Rocco's
text: hair. Rocco jostles the priest and puts the gun hard to his
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: Father, I'll do you right here.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: (slowly obey,
dialog: whispering)
dialog: God have mercy on my soul.
text: Rocco starts to move the priest aside and put his gun to
text: Smecker's now open slider.
text: Just then Connor snags a piece of Rocco's hair and pulls him
text: back hard and fast by it, until his head slams into the
text: lattice work. Rocco grabs the priest back into position.
text: Connor grabs a nice wad of Rocco's hair with his left hand,
text: so that the side of Rocco's face is now pressed to the
text: lattice. Connor then puts a gun to Rocco's head.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: (hard whisper)
dialog: You little fuck. Let him go. I'll
dialog: drop you right here.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: Okay, just calm down. He could hurt
dialog: us, brother. He could ruin the whole
dialog: thing.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: Let him go or I will deliver you,
dialog: right now.
dialog: (pulls hammer back)
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: You won't do it Connor, you won't.
dialog: You love me man.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH CONFESSIONAL BOOTHS EARLY MORNING
text: Smecker wakes up from a drunken stupor. He looks through the
text: slider window at the barely discernible face of the now crying
dialog: priest.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: (slurred, loud)
dialog: Hello? You there?
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Y-Yes my son.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: Do your thing Father. Don't fuck
dialog: this up.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: (whispering to Rocco)
dialog: What do you want me to say?
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: Just be natural, goddamit.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: How long since your last confession,
dialog: my son?
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: Oh, Christ, uh, I've never confessed.
text: The priest can hear Connor and Rocco whisper, but Smecker
dialog: cannot.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: According to the dogma of the Catholic
dialog: church, I should probably burst into
dialog: flames right here in this booth. But
dialog: I've come here for advice, not
dialog: salvation.
text: Connor and Rocco stop and listen now.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Why have you come to a church for
dialog: council if you're not religious?
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: (ponderous)
dialog: Why have I come to a church? I never
dialog: have before. I guess I just... felt
dialog: I should.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: What is it my son?
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: It's ethics. I put evil men behind
dialog: bars, but the law has miles of red
dialog: tape and loopholes for these...
dialog: cocksuckers to slip through. I've
dialog: found out there are these two young
dialog: men who fix the situation with an
dialog: iron fist. As if they have God's
dialog: permission. But what they do is wrong
dialog: and I should arrest them...
dialog: technically.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: God's permission? God doesn't...
text: Rocco shakes the priest.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: But in this day and age I believe
dialog: what they do is... necessary. I feel
dialog: it is... correct.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: You believe?
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: You feel?
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: You feel? A soul is what gives you
dialog: feelings. Happiness, guilt, right or
dialog: wrong. It is a conduit through which
dialog: the Lord speaks to us. You felt that
dialog: your answers would be here in the
dialog: house of God today. You feel these
dialog: men are necessary. The Lord has spoken
dialog: to you twice this day.
text: Rocco and Connor show their individual looks of surprise.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: (sarcastically)
dialog: Has he now?
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: You have entered the house of the
dialog: Lord of your own free will speaking
dialog: of beliefs and feelings. Is it so
dialog: much to believe that God has brought
dialog: you here?
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: I guess not.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: It is easy to be sarcastic about
dialog: religion. It is harder to take small
dialog: hints from God, your feelings and
dialog: listen to them... to take a stand.
text: The look of surprise on Rocco and Connor's faces show that
text: the priest is doing a hell of a job.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: You're right.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Those who do not act are in a constant
dialog: state of ethical indecision.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: I want to stand for what I believe
dialog: in, father.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Then you must find out what your
dialog: beliefs are.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: I believe these young men are right.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: You know them personally?
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Do you think they would harm an
dialog: innocent man, for any reason?
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: No. They would never do that.
text: The priest starts to show signs of anger as he starts turning
dialog: to Rocco.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: Well, the two Irish guys wouldn't.
dialog: But the Italian guy, he might. He's
dialog: kind of an idiot.
text: Fear returns to the priests face. Rocco presses the gun hard
text: to the priests head and jostles him.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: (whispers to priest)
dialog: Goddam right, I am.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: I'm beginning to see. I've been doing
dialog: my job... well for fifteen years and
dialog: it's just not enough. All the things
dialog: I wish I could do, these guys are
dialog: doing. Millions of dollars in tax
dialog: payers' money wasted on shit like
dialog: wire taps and surveillance. Theses
dialog: boys go in and take care of it for
dialog: the price of a bullet.
dialog: (looks up)
dialog: Ww-what do you think I should do?
dialog: Because I'm a law man.
text: Rocco jostles the priest again.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: The laws of God are higher than the
dialog: laws of man.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: (the clouds have lifted)
dialog: Yes! Yes! I was thinking that, too.
dialog: No. I was feeling it. All I needed
dialog: was to hear you say it! Amen! I'll
dialog: help them.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: Forgive me father.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: Thank you, Father, thank you.
dialog: (he attempts the sign
dialog: of the cross but
dialog: screws it up)
dialog: Whatever. Goodbye, amen.
text: Smecker exits and they all let go after a brief pause. Rocco
text: turns and starts fixing up the priest's ruffled suit.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: I wouldn't have, uh, killed you,
dialog: Father.
dialog: (signs cross)
dialog: Dominus Ominus. Remember, you're
dialog: bound. You can't talk about this...
dialog: to anyone.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Just go!
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH EARLY MORNING
text: Rocco exits the booth and shuts the door behind him. Connor
text: is standing outside, hands on his hips. Rocco smiles at him
text: as Connor fumes.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: (giggling)
text: The Lord works in mysterious ways.
text: Connor slaps him in the back of the head and kicks him in
text: the ass. Rocco's still giggling as they exit.
scene_heading: INT. PHONE BOOTH UPTOWN LATER
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: That's all you can give me?
scene_heading: INT. PHONE BOOTH DOWNTOWN CONTINUOUS
text: We shoot alternating coverage between the two locations.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
text: Well, the light caught the side of
text: his face for a second. And it looked
dialog: like he had a gray beard, maybe...
dialog: late fifties, early sixties.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: So you're telling me it was one guy
dialog: with six guns? A-and he was a senior
dialog: fucking citizen?
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: I think it's better if we find this
text: man before he finds us again.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: I'll see what I can do. How do I get
dialog: in touch with you?
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: We're going to hit Poppa Joe tonight,
text: right in the comfort of his own home.
dialog: Then we move on to New York. It's
dialog: getting a bit hot for us here.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: Be careful.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: I'll call you tonight, afterwards.
dialog: (hangs up)
scene_heading: INT. RITZY RESTAURANT BATHROOM NIGHT
text: Smecker stands beside Augustus, just the way Yakavetta did.
speaker_heading: AUGUSTUS
dialog: I don't know who he is. Nobody does.
text: Smecker tosses an envelope of cash in his plate, just as
dialog: Yakavetta did.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: What did he bring him in for?
speaker_heading: AUGUSTUS
dialog: Needed an outsider. The package boy
dialog: knows everyone. He'd spot our hitters
text: a mile away.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: Just for him?
speaker_heading: AUGUSTUS
dialog: Well he's the one shooting up all
dialog: his guys, right? He's scared of the
dialog: kid. Says he's real good, got every
text: available gun in the city up there.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: Up where?
speaker_heading: AUGUSTUS
dialog: Up his house. I don't know what's
dialog: going on but I know it's gotta have
dialog: something to do with this kid.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: Oh fuck!
dialog: (runs out)
scene_heading: INT. YAKAVETTA'S HOUSE BASEMENT HALL NIGHT
text: There are several bodies in the hall, some with pennies in
text: their eyes, some without. Down the dark basement halls there
text: is more gore. The boys and Rocco can be heard screaming from
text: a room in the basement. Yakavetta's voice is heard yelling
dialog: and in command.
scene_heading: INT. YAKAVETTA'S HOUSE BASEMENT ROOM NIGHT
text: Connor, Murphy, and Rocco are all hand cuffed to chairs in
text: the seated position. Their clothes are ripped and they have
text: been beaten severely. Blood covers them. Rocco has been
text: uncuffed and two men hold his open hand up as Yakavetta puts
text: a pistol at the base of his remaining pinky finger. Several
text: other hold him down as he and the boys scream in tough
dialog: protest.
speaker_heading: YAKAVETTA
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: You gonna tell me what's going on
dialog: here?! Huh! You little fuck! Gimme
dialog: some answers!
text: They all yell for him to fuck off. Although Rocco is
text: terrified, he is holding out. Yakavetta fires and Rocco's
text: finger is gone. The blood splatters on Connor's face. Rocco
text: screams in pain saying fuck you through his sobs. After re-
text: cuffing Rocco, Yakavetta and his goons exit.
scene_heading: INT. YAKAVETTA'S HOUSE BASEMENT HALL NIGHT
text: Yakavetta is in the hall with four men. GENO (35 yrs.) very
text: big. CHAPPY (22 yrs.) wears sunglasses even in the dark,
text: trying to look cool. HOJO (28 yrs.) is slick and good-looking.
text: Another Mafioso cohort is with them as well.
speaker_heading: YAKAVETTA
dialog: What do you guys think?
speaker_heading: GENO
dialog: They're tough. No way they're gonna
dialog: talk.
speaker_heading: HOJO
dialog: I know Rocco. He ain't smart enough
dialog: for this shit. These other guys are
dialog: the brains. He's just a player.
speaker_heading: YAKAVETTA
dialog: There's only one way to get them to
dialog: talk.
scene_heading: INT. YAKAVETTA'S HOUSE BASEMENT ROOM NIGHT
text: He walks back into the room. He saunters up to Rocco very
text: nonchalantly and shoots him in the chest. His chair is blown
text: back to the floor. The boys are screaming and crying as
text: Yakavetta walks out.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: (struggles to talk)
dialog: You guys?
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: (crying)
dialog: We're here brother.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: You gotta keep going.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: (sobbing)
dialog: We'll keep going, Roc.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: You'll make it outta here. You can't
dialog: ever stop, not ever.
text: As Rocco dies, they fall into prayer.
scene_heading: INT. YAKAVETTA'S HOUSE FRONT FOYER NIGHT
text: Yakavetta lights up a cigar and talks to his men.
speaker_heading: CHAPPY
dialog: Once you set him in motion, you can't
dialog: call him off. He thinks it's still
dialog: on.
text: Yakavetta stops as if terrified with a thought.
speaker_heading: YAKAVETTA
dialog: Oh Jesus Christ!
speaker_heading: HOJO
dialog: What? I...
speaker_heading: YAKAVETTA
dialog: Hey, I don't have my name spray
text: painted on the front of this house.
dialog: There are no big pictures of me
dialog: anywhere. If this guy thinks the job
dialog: is still a go then I got green money
dialog: says the mother fucker's out in the
dialog: bushes already. I'm fucking gone!
dialog: I'm leaving you guys to deal with
dialog: this.
text: The four guys are left alone. They all look far from confident
dialog: except for Geno.
speaker_heading: GENO
dialog: One fucking guy, so what.
speaker_heading: HOJO
dialog: Why don't you take the front.
dialog: (points)
dialog: You guys cover those other exits and
dialog: if you see him, don't flag him down,
dialog: just kill the mother fucker. I'm
dialog: going back down to work on these
dialog: pricks.
scene_heading: INT. YAKAVETTA'S HOUSE BASEMENT ROOM NIGHT
text: Murphy has scootched his chair in front of Connor's. He has
text: his back to Connor.
text: He stretches his neck over and bites at the collar of his p-
text: coat. He gathers as much of the material in his mouth as he
text: can. He starts to yell, "Do it!" but it is muffled.
text: Connor, still sobbing, begins to kick his brother's left
text: hand repeatedly. He turns it into a bloody piece of broken
text: meat as Murphy screams through the shirt. Finally, it is
text: broken enough and Murphy pulls it through the cuff.
text: He stands and breaks the chair into pieces and grabs the
text: sharpest piece. Hojo enters and Murphy shoves the sharp stick
text: up through the bottom of his chin into his head. He drags
text: him around the room yelling mumbo jumbo into his face as
text: Connor jumps up and down in his chair in rage, wanting a
text: piece of the action.
text: Murphy throws the man down and Connor proceeds to viciously
text: kick his dead body. The two have turned into barbarians.
text: Murphy removes the man's two guns, shiny nickel-plated 45s.
scene_heading: INT. YAKAVETTA'S FRONT FOYER NIGHT
text: There is a knock at the door. Geno jumps with fright and
text: then looks out the peep hole. He sees a well-formed pair of
text: woman's breasts in a cheap dress. He opens the door. A
text: stunning blonde stands before him. She looks like a hooker.
text: She wears a short, hot pink dress and a white scarf around
text: her neck, as well as six inch platform heels.
speaker_heading: SMECKER AS WOMAN
dialog: Joey Bevo sent me over. As
dialog: entertainment.
text: The woman speaks and it is apparent that this is actually
text: Smecker in drag.
speaker_heading: GENO
dialog: Listen baby. Tonight ain't the night
dialog: for this shit.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Bevo's so great. Always sending us
dialog: hot girls.
speaker_heading: SMECKER
dialog: You look like you could use a quickie.
text: Smecker kisses him full on the lips and rubs up against him.
text: Geno is convinced. He brings her inside.
speaker_heading: GENO
dialog: Hey, Chappy!
speaker_heading: CHAPPY
dialog: (Chappy, emerges way
dialog: down the hall)
dialog: What the fuck?
speaker_heading: GENO
dialog: I ain't been laid in a week. Take
dialog: five minutes.
speaker_heading: CHAPPY
dialog: If I die cause you're getting a piece
dialog: of ass, I'll come back and beat you
text: to death with a big rubber dick.
speaker_heading: GENO
dialog: Don't worry about it.
scene_heading: INT. YAKAVETTA'S HOUSE NIGHT
text: He takes Smecker into a small bathroom adjoining the foyer.
text: They are instantly in the throws of passion. They grope each
text: other and Smecker cleverly avoids any contact with his crotch.
text: Smecker lies down on the floor and starts to wiggle and
text: seductively touch himself. Geno stands over him, straddling
text: Smecker's hips as he undoes his pants. Suddenly, Smecker
text: grabs both of Geno's ankles and has him locked in position.
text: He repeatedly kicks Geno in the balls from his lying position
text: on the floor. The guy falls on his back unconscious. Smecker
text: uses a silencer, shoots him in the head.
scene_heading: INT. YAKAVETTA'S HOUSE HALL NIGHT
text: He starts to whisper, "It's on now. It's on now. Too far."
text: as he walks down the hall, striding in his high heels, wig
text: back in place. He thoughtlessly blows Chappy away as he passes
text: his position and runs down a long hallway. He turns a corner
text: and points his gun at the Mafioso cohort but pauses.
text: He is already sitting with his throat cut. Smecker looks
text: puzzled as Il Duce withdraws from the shadows behind him.
text: The Duke pistol whips Smecker. He's out.
scene_heading: INT. YAKAVETTA'S HOUSE BASEMENT ROOM NIGHT
text: Connor and Murphy are on their knees in front of Rocco, whom
text: they have sat back up in the chair. They are gently placing
text: pennies in his eye and sobbing as they begin to recite the
text: prayer. As they speak, Il Duce watches. He then begins to
text: whisper the prayer right along with them. Their words match
text: up perfectly. He leans against the wall, holsters his guns,
text: and withdraws a cigarette.
text: He rolls it along his tongue and twists it into his lips.
text: The boys are still reciting as he strikes a match. They react
text: instantly. Still kneeling they each point a nickel-plated 45
text: toward The Duke. They turn in time to see the light from the
text: match illuminate his face. Il Duce pauses then he strides
text: into the room and proceeds to recite the last half of the
dialog: prayer.
text: He stops between the kneeling boys and finishes off the
text: prayer. The boys are stunned as they realize this is their
text: father. He makes the sign of the cross over Rocco. Then he
text: looks down to the upturned faces of his sons. He places a
text: hand on each of their cheeks.
scene_heading: INT. CHEAP BOSTON HOTEL ROOM NIGHT 3 MONTHS LATER
text: Both sleeping boys throw their arms out, mimicking a crucified
text: Christ. Their father turns, sees this, turns back.
text: The boys wake with a start. Connor looks to his father, who
text: is already staring at him.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: How far are we going with this, Da?
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: The questions is not, "how far?" The
dialog: question is, "Do you possess the
dialog: constitution, the depth of faith to
dialog: go as far as is needed?"
scene_heading: INT. COURTHOUSE BACK FOYER AREA MORNING
text: Smecker opens the door from the inside and lets the MacManus
text: father and sons in. He walks one way they walk the other
text: through the grand courthouse halls.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM MORNING
text: The media, with their cameras and notebooks, are at the back
text: of the courtroom. Yakavetta is testifying on the stand. He
text: is cocky. The judge warns Yakavetta that he will have no
dialog: more of this behavior in his courtroom.
speaker_heading: MEDIA MAN 1
dialog: (whispering to #2)
dialog: Look at his charisma. He's the next
dialog: John Gotti.
speaker_heading: MEDIA MAN 2
dialog: He'll walk. Even with all this
dialog: evidence.
speaker_heading: MEDIA MAN 1
dialog: Look.
dialog: (points to the left
dialog: and right sections
dialog: of courtroom seating)
dialog: All Yakavetta's people are on the
dialog: right. All the families of the men
text: he has killed are on the left.
dialog: Everyone wants some justice.
speaker_heading: MEDIA MAN 2
dialog: Look at him. He doesn't have a care
dialog: in the world. He's gonna walk.
scene_heading: INT. FOYER TO COURTROOM DAY
text: The MacManusus stand in the foyer. There are a pair of doors
text: that go to the outside hallway and a pair that go to the
text: inside courtroom. There is an armed guard directly inside
text: the courtroom, in front of the doors.
text: The door opens a crack and Connor waves the guard into the
text: foyer and starts talking to him. Then dad zaps him with a
text: stun gun. The guard is on the floor, incapacitated and
text: drooling as the boys handcuff him.
text: Connor pulls out a length of chain and drapes it through the
text: door handles that lead from the hall into the foyer. He locks
text: them in with a padlock.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: How long do these put a man down
dialog: for?
speaker_heading: MURPHY
text: Ten minutes.
text: The father zaps the incapacitated man a second time as he
dialog: lay.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Twenty is a bit better.
text: They suit up, Connor and Murphy in their usual masks and
text: gloves, Dad is already in his usual dark hat and glasses.
text: The boys start for the courtroom door but dad gently holds
text: them back. He takes a moment, then slowly removes his hat
text: and glasses. His sons look at one another and then remove
text: their masks. The three look into each others eyes for a
dialog: moment.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM DAY
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Due to the lack of hard evidence......
text: The three burst in, guns drawn, and are walking down the
dialog: aisle.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: All media to the back! Drop the
dialog: cameras! Drop 'em!
text: Terrified, they all obey. Connor and Murphy pull Yakavetta
text: from the witness booth by his hair and place him on his knees
text: just before the judge's bench. They face him toward the
text: occupants of the courtroom. The father walks up and motions
text: for the judge, who is now banging his gavel and shouting in
text: protest, to come off the stand.
text: As soon as he is within arms reach, dad takes him by the
text: collar and drags him down the aisle all the way to where the
text: media stands in horror. He turns and walks back down the
dialog: aisle.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: (loudly)
dialog: You people have been chosen to reveal
dialog: our existence to the world. You will
dialog: witness what happens here today and
dialog: you will tell of it afterwards.
text: All eyes to the front.
speaker_heading: YAKAVETTA
dialog: (looking to his
dialog: comrades)
dialog: Fuckin' do something!
text: The father keeps them covered. He passes the front, he looks
text: and sees a VIRGINAL-LOOKING WOMAN with her head down crying
text: into her hands. She is on the left side. He gently tilts her
text: chin forward, her eyes fixated on a faded blue butterfly on
text: the back of his hand.
speaker_heading: FATHER (WHISPERS)
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: You must watch dear. It'll all be
dialog: over soon.
dialog: (she obeys)
text: The father takes out a flask. He pours the booze on the judges
text: bench and set it ablaze. Fire alarms start to sound.
text: Connor and Murphy jump up on the lawyers' tables. Murphy on
text: the prosecution side, Connor on the defense. The father has
text: his sawed-off to the back of Yakavetta's head.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: (yelling over the
dialog: alarm)
dialog: Now, you will receive us.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: (yelling over the
dialog: alarm)
dialog: We do not ask for your poor or your
dialog: hungry.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: We do not want your tired and sick.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: It is your corrupt we claim.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: It is your evil, who will be sought
dialog: by us.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: With every breath we shall hunt them
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: Each day we will spill their blood
text: till it rains down from the skies.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: Do not kill, do not rape, do not
dialog: steal. These are principles which
dialog: every man of every faith can embrace.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: These are not polite suggestions.
dialog: They are codes of behavior and those
dialog: that ignore them will pay the dearest
dialog: cost.
dialog: (points to Yakavetta)
speaker_heading: MURPHY
text: There are varying degrees of evil.
dialog: We urge you lesser forms of filth
dialog: (pointing to
dialog: Yakavetta's people)
dialog: Not to push the bounds and cross
dialog: over into true corruption... into
dialog: our domain.
speaker_heading: CONNOR
dialog: For if you do, there will come the
dialog: day when you look behind you and see
dialog: we three. And on that day you will
dialog: reap it.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: And we will send you to whatever God
dialog: you wish.
text: Connor and Murphy jump off the table. They approach Yakavetta
text: and stand on either side of their father. All three men hold
text: guns to his head and recite the prayer. As they speak, the
text: right side of the courtroom screams in protest. The left
text: watches in wide-eyed terror, although some men encourage
dialog: them to do it. The MacManus' read the prayer. They do not
text: falter as the flames rage behind them.
text: Yakavetta, accepting his fate, closing his eyes. Peacefully,
text: he does the sign of the cross. The all fire at once. The
text: room explodes in confusion. The three exit the back.
scene_heading: INT. LONG CEMENT HALLWAY SUBLEVEL OF COURTHOUSE
text: The MacManuses are all shackled and in blue jumpsuits of the
text: Boston lock-up facility with bags over their heads. Duffy is
text: in full uniform with a shotgun behind them. Smecker is leading
text: the prisoners down the hall. He flashes his F.B.I.
text: identification to every cop he encounters.
scene_heading: INT. COURTHOUSE INSIDE GRANDE FOYER STEPS DAY
text: The media is in a frenzy. Little bits of the story are known.
text: The people from the left and right sides of the courtroom
text: are yelling and pushing each other as cameras and microphones
text: try to pick up the news. Finally all the focus comes to the
text: virginal woman who had been sitting in the front row. All
text: lights, cameras and microphones are on her.
speaker_heading: REPORTER 2 (V.O.)
dialog: Yes! Were you in the courtroom miss?
dialog: Did you see?
speaker_heading: WOMAN (FRAIL)
dialog: (frail)
dialog: Yes. I was there.
speaker_heading: REPORTER (V.O.)
dialog: How do you feel about what they did?
text: (Slo-mo) She sees at the grande hall's end Smecker leading
text: the three out, bags still over their heads. She sees Dad's
dialog: butterfly tattoo. She knows.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: I guess we all know what is right
dialog: and wrong. We all know. Nobody needs
dialog: to be convinced of what he was...
dialog: I'm going home now to have my first
text: real full night's sleep.
text: The people who had been on Yakavetta's side of the courtroom
text: threaten her and force their way through the crowd toward
text: her, thus causing the two sides to fight. Everyone, even
text: reporters are in it. The camera tilts up ending on the statue
dialog: of the Blind Lady of Justice.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
