speaker_heading: THE RING
dialog: Original screenplay by Takahashi Hiroshi
dialog: Based upon the novel by Suzuki Kouji
dialog: This manuscript is intended for informational
dialog: purposes only, and is a fair usage of copyrighted
dialog: material.
dialog: Ring (c) 1995 Suzuki Kouji
dialog: Ring feature film (c) 1998 Ring/Rasen Committee
scene_heading: Distributed by PONY CANYON
dialog: Adapted/ Translated by J Lopez
dialog: http: //www.somrux.com/ringworld/
dialog: Caption-- “September 5th. Sunday.”
scene_heading: INT. OUISHI HOUSEHOLD - TOMOKO’S ROOM - NIGHT
text: CLOSEUP on a TELEVISION SET. There’s a baseball game on, but the
dialog: sound
text: is turned completely down. Camera PANS to show two cute high school
text: girls, MASAMI and TOMOKO. Masami is seated on the floor at a low
dialog: coffee
text: table, TEXTBOOK in front of her. Tomoko is at her desk. There are
speaker_heading: SNACKS
text: all over the room, and it’s obvious there hasn’t been much studying
dialog: going
text: on. Masami is currently in mid-story, speaking excitedly.
speaker_heading: MASAMI
dialog: They say that some elementary school
dialog: kid spent the night with his parents
text: at a bed and breakfast in Izu. The kid
dialog: wanted to go out and play with everybody
dialog: right, but he didn’t want to miss the
dialog: program he always used to watch back in
text: Tokyo, so he records it on the VCR in
dialog: their room. But of course the stations
dialog: in Izu are different from the ones in
text: Tokyo. In Izu, it was just an empty
dialog: channel, so he should’ve recorded
text: nothing but static. But when the kid
text: gets back to his house and watches the
dialog: tape, all of a sudden this woman comes
text: on the screen and says--
text: Masami points so suddenly and dramatically at her friend that Tomoko
text: actually jumps in her seat.
speaker_heading: MASAMI (cont’d)
dialog: “One week from now, you will die.”
text: Short silence as Masami pauses, relishing the moment.
speaker_heading: MASAMI (cont’d)
dialog: Of course the kid’s completely
text: freaked, and he stops the video.
text: Just then the phone rings, and when he
text: picks it up a voice says--
text: Her voice drops voice almost to a whisper.
speaker_heading: MASAMI (cont’d)
dialog: “You watched it, didn’t you?” That
dialog: same time, exactly one week later...
dialog: he’s dead!
text: Masami laughs loudly, thoroughly enjoying her own performance.
text: Tomoko, however, is completely silent. She begins looking more
text: and more distressed, until finally Masami notices.
speaker_heading: MASAMI
dialog: What is it, Tomoko?
text: Tomoko comes out of her chair and drops onto the floor next to her
text: friend. Her words are quick, earnest.
speaker_heading: TOMOKO
dialog: Who did you hear that story from?
speaker_heading: MASAMI
dialog: Who? It’s just a rumor. Everybody
dialog: knows it.
speaker_heading: TOMOKO
dialog: Youko told you?
speaker_heading: MASAMI
dialog: No, it wasn’t Youko...
text: Tomoko looks away, worried. Masami slaps her on the knee,
text: laughing.
speaker_heading: MASAMI
dialog: What’s up with you?
text: Tomoko speaks slowly, still looking away.
speaker_heading: TOMOKO
dialog: The other day, I... I watched this
dialog: strange video.
speaker_heading: MASAMI
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: TOMOKO
dialog: With Youko and them.
speaker_heading: MASAMI
dialog: (excited)
dialog: So that’s what I’ve been hearing
dialog: about you doing some double-date/
dialog: sleepover thing! So, you and that
dialog: guy Iwata, huh?
speaker_heading: TOMOKO
dialog: No, it’s not like that. Nothing
dialog: happened!
text: Their eyes meet and Tomoko half-blushes, looks away again. Her
text: expression becomes serious as she resumes her conversation.
speaker_heading: TOMOKO
dialog: Iwata... he found this weird video.
dialog: Everyone was like, “What’s that?” so
dialog: he put it on and we all watched it.
speaker_heading: MASAMI
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: And? What kind of video was it?
speaker_heading: TOMOKO
dialog: Just... weird, I can’t really explain
dialog: it. Anyway, right after we finished
text: watching it, the phone rang. Whoever
dialog: it was didn’t say anything, but still...
text: Silence. Masami curls up on herself, thoroughly spooked.
speaker_heading: MASAMI
dialog: Jesus.
speaker_heading: TOMOKO
dialog: It's cuz, you know, we'd all heard the
dialog: rumors.
text: Tomoko looks seriously over at her friend.
speaker_heading: TOMOKO (cont'd)
dialog: That was one week ago today.
text: There is a long, heavy silence as neither of them says anything.
speaker_heading: MASAMI
dialog: Waaait a minute. Are you faking me
dialog: out?
text: Tomoko’s face suddenly breaks into a smile.
speaker_heading: TOMOKO
dialog: Busted, huh?
text: They both crack up laughing.
speaker_heading: MASAMI
dialog: Oh, my... I can’t believe you!
text: Masami reaches out, slaps her friend on the knee.
speaker_heading: MASAMI (cont’d)
dialog: You're terrible!
speaker_heading: TOMOKO
dialog: Gotcha!
speaker_heading: MASAMI
dialog: (thinking)
dialog: But hang on... you really stayed
dialog: the night with Youko and Iwata,
dialog: right?
text: Tomoko nods, uh-huh. Masami dives forward, pinching her friend’s
text: cheeks and grinning wildly.
speaker_heading: MASAMI
dialog: So, how far did you and he get?
speaker_heading: TOMOKO
dialog: Oh... I can’t remember.
speaker_heading: MASAMI
dialog: You can’t remember, huh?
text: Masami laughs, then slaps Tomoko on the knee again as she remembers
text: the trick her friend played on her.
speaker_heading: MASAMI
dialog: Man, you had me freaked me out.
dialog: I--
text: Just at that moment, the phone RINGS. They are both suddenly,
text: instantly serious. Tomoko’s eyes go off in one direction and she
text: begins shaking her head, -No-. Masami looks over her shoulder,
text: following her friend’s gaze.
text: Tomoko is looking at the CLOCK, which currently reads 9:40.
text: The phone continues to ring. Tomoko is now clutching tightly onto
dialog: her
text: friend, looking panicked.
speaker_heading: MASAMI
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Was it true?
text: Tomoko nods her head, still holding on tightly. Masami has to
text: forcibly disengage herself in order to stand. The phone is
dialog: downstairs,
text: so Masami opens the bedroom DOOR and races down the STAIRS. Tomoko
text: calls out to her from behind.
speaker_heading: TOMOKO
dialog: Masami!
scene_heading: INT. OUISHI HOUSEHOLD - STAIRCASE - NIGHT
text: Tomoko and Masami run down the staircase, through the hallway
dialog: towards
text: the kitchen. Tomoko cries out again just before they reach the
dialog: kitchen.
speaker_heading: TOMOKO
dialog: Masami!
scene_heading: INT. OUISHI HOUSEHOLD - KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Masami has come to a halt before a PHONE mounted on the wall. She
text: pauses, looking slowly at her friend, then back to the phone. She
text: takes it tentatively from its cradle, answers it wordlessly. The
text: tension continues to mount as nothing is said. Masami suddenly
dialog: breaks
text: into a huge grin.
speaker_heading: MASAMI
dialog: I’1l put her on.
text: Still grinning, she hands the phone to Tomoko. Tomoko snatches it
dialog: quickly.
speaker_heading: TOMOKO
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Yes?
text: She is silent for a moment, then smiling widely.
speaker_heading: TOMOKO
dialog: Oh, man!
text: She is so relieved that all the strength seeps out of her and she
text: sinks to the kitchen floor. Masami, equally relieved, slides down
text: the wall and sits down next to her.
speaker_heading: TOMOKO
dialog: (on the phone)
dialog: Yeah, I’ve got a friend over now.
dialog: Yeah. Yeah, OK. Bye.
text: Tomoko stands to place the phone back in its wall cradle, and then
text: squats back down onto the kitchen floor.
speaker_heading: TOMOKO
text: The game’s gone into overtime, so
dialog: they’re gonna be a little late.
text: They burst out laughing with relief again, and are soon both
text: clutching their stomachs.
speaker_heading: TOMOKO
dialog: Jeeezus, my parents...
speaker_heading: MASAMI
dialog: Oh man, I’m tellin’ everybody about
dialog: this tomorrow!
dialog: Tomoko shakes her head, -Don’t you dare-.
speaker_heading: MASAMI
dialog: I’m gonna use your bathroom. Don’t
dialog: go anywhere.
speaker_heading: TOMOKO
dialog: ‘K.
text: Masami walks out of the kitchen. Alone now, Tomoko stands and walks
text: toward the SINK, where she takes a GLASS from the DISH RACK. She
text: then goes to the FRIDGE and sticks her face in, looking for
dialog: something
text: to drink. Suddenly there is the SOUND of people clapping and
text: cheering. Tomoko, startled, peers her head over the refrigerator
text: door to check for the source of the sound.
text: She begins walking slowly, following the sound to the DINING ROOM
text: adjacent the kitchen.
scene_heading: INT. OUISHI HOUSEHOLD - DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: The lights are off, and there is no one in the room. Tomoko pauses
dialog: a
text: moment, bathed in the garish LIGHT from the TV, which has been
dialog: switched
text: on. Playing is the same baseball game they had on the TV upstairs;
dialog: the
text: same game that Tomoko’s parents are currently at. The VOLUME is up
dialog: quite high.
text: A puzzled look on her face, Tomoko takes the REMOTE from the coffee
text: table and flicks the TV off. She walks back to the kitchen.
scene_heading: INT. OUISHI HOUSEHOLD - KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: A bottle of SODA that Tomoko had earlier taken from the fridge is on
text: the kitchen table. She picks the bottle up, pours herself a drink.
text: Before she can take a sip, however, the air around her becomes
dialog: suddenly
text: charged, heavy. Her body begins to shiver as somewhere out of sight
text: comes a popping, crackling SOUND underscored by a kind of GROANING.
text: Trembling now, Tomoko spins around to see what she has already felt
text: lurking behind her. She draws in her breath to scream.
text: The screen goes white, and fades into:
speaker_heading: CAMERA POV
text: The screen is filled with the visage of a nervous-looking YOUNG
speaker_heading: GIRL.
text: She is being interviewed by ASAKAWA, a female reporter seated
text: offscreen.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA (0.S.)
dialog: There seems to be a popular rumor
text: going around about a “cursed”
text: videotape.
speaker_heading: YOUNG GIRL
dialog: Uh-huh.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA (0.S.)
dialog: Have you heard what kind of video
dialog: it might be?
speaker_heading: YOUNG GIRL
dialog: Uh-huh.
text: The girl looks directly at the camera, her mouth dropping into an
dialog: von
text: as she’s suddenly overcome by a kind of stage fright. She continues
text: staring, silently, at the camera.
scene_heading: INT. COFFEE SHOP - DAY
text: KOMIYA, the cameraman, has lowered his camera.
dialog: We can now see that
text: the young girl being interviewed is seated at a table between two
text: friends, a SHORT-HAIRED GIRL (GIRL#2) and a LONG-HAIRED GIRL
dialog: #3).
text: They are all dressed in the UNIFORMS of junior high school students.
text: Opposite them sits Komiya and Asakawa, a pretty woman in her mid-
text: twenties. A BOOM MIKE GUY stands to the left.
speaker_heading: KOMIYA
dialog: Uh, don’t look right at the camera,
dialog: OK?
speaker_heading: YOUNG GIRL
dialog: Sorry.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: Let’s do it again.
text: Asakawa glances over her shoulder, makes sure that Komiya is ready.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: Have you heard what kind of video
dialog: it might be?
speaker_heading: YOUNG GIRL
dialog: What I heard was, all of a sudden
dialog: this scaaarry lady comes on the
dialog: screen and says, “In one week, you
dialog: will die.”
speaker_heading: GIRL #2
dialog: I heard that if you’re watching TV
dialog: late at night it’1l come on, and
dialog: then your phone’ll ring.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: Watching TV late at night... do you
dialog: know what station?
speaker_heading: GIRL #2
dialog: Mmmm... I heard some local station,
dialog: around Izu.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: Izu?
speaker_heading: GIRL #2
dialog: Mmm-hmm.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: And, do you know if anyone’s really
dialog: died from watching it?
text: The girl flashes a look at her two friends.
speaker_heading: YOUNG GIRL
dialog: Well, no one that we know, right?
text: Girl #2 nods her head. Girl #3 nods slowly, opens and closes her
text: mouth as if deciding whether to say something or not. The
text: reporter notices.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: GIRL #3
dialog: I heard this from a friend of mine
dialog: in high school. She said that there
dialog: was this one girl who watched the
text: video, and then died a week later.
text: She was out on a drive with her
dialog: boyfriend.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: They were in a wreck?
speaker_heading: GIRL #3
dialog: No, their car was parked, but they
text: were both dead inside. Her
dialog: boyfriend died because he’d watched
dialog: the video, too. That’s what my
dialog: friend said.
text: Girl #3 grows suddenly defensive.
speaker_heading: GIRL #3 (cont’d)
dialog: It’s true! It was in the paper two
dialog: or three days ago.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: Do you know the name of the high
dialog: school this girl went to?
speaker_heading: GIRL #3
dialog: No... I heard this from my friend,
dialog: and it didn’t happen at her school.
dialog: She heard it from a friend at a
dialog: different school, she said.
scene_heading: INT. NEWS STATION —- DAY
text: Asakawa is seated at her DESK. The station is filled with PEOPLE,
text: scrabbling to meet deadlines. Komiya walks up to Asakawa’s desk
text: and holds out a MANILA FOLDER.
speaker_heading: KOMIYA
dialog: Mrs. Asakawa?
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: Hm?
speaker_heading: KOMIYA
dialog: Here you are.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: (taking the folder)
dialog: Thanks.
text: Komiya has a seat.
speaker_heading: KOMIYA
dialog: This same kind of thing happened
dialog: about ten years ago too, didn’t it?
dialog: Some popular young singer committed
dialog: suicide, and then suddenly there was
dialog: all this talk about her ghost showing
text: up on some music show.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: But I wonder what this rumor’s all
dialog: about. Everyone you ask always
dialog: mentions “Izu.”
speaker_heading: KOMIYA
dialog: Maybe that’s where it all started.
dialog: Hey, where was that Kuchi-sake
dialog: Onna * story from again?
text: >* Literally “Ripped-Mouth Lady,” a kind of ghastly spectre from
text: >Japanese folk stories who wears a veil to hide her mouth,
text: >has been ripped or cut open from ear to ear. She wanders the
dialog: >countryside at night asking men “Do you think I’m beautiful?” then
text: >lowering her veil to reveal her true features.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: Gifu, but there was some big
dialog: accident out there, and that ended
dialog: up being what started the rumor.
speaker_heading: KOMIYA
dialog: A big accident?
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: Mmm-hmm. Something terrible like
dialog: that is going to stay in people’s
dialog: minds. Sometimes the story of what
text: happened gets twisted around, and
text: ends up coming back as a rumor like
dialog: this one. That’s what they say, at
dialog: least.
speaker_heading: KOMIYA
dialog: D’ you think something like that
dialog: happened out at Izu?
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: Maybe. Well, anyway, I’m off. See you
dialog: tomorrow.
speaker_heading: KOMIYA
dialog: See you.
text: Asakawa gets up from her desk and begins walking towards the exit.
text: She takes only a few steps before noticing a RACK of recent DAILY
speaker_heading: EDITIONS.
text: She takes one from the rack, sets it on a nearby TABLE. She begins
text: flipping the pages, and suddenly spies this story:
scene_heading: STRANGE AUTOMOBILE DEATH OF YOUNG COUPLE IN YOKOHAMA
text: The bodies of a young man and woman were discovered in their
text: passenger car at around 10 A.M. September 6th. The location was a
text: vacant lot parallel to Yokohama Prefectural Road. Local
dialog: authorities
text: identified the deceased as a 19-year old preparatory school
dialog: student
text: of Tokyo, and a 16-year old Yokohama resident, a student of a
dialog: private all-girls’ high school. Because there were no external
text: injuries, police are investigating the possibility of drug-induced
dialog: suicide...
text: Just then two men walk by, a GUY IN A BUSINESS SUIT and a youngish
text: intern named OKAZAKI. Okazaki is carrying an armload of VIDEOTAPES.
scene_heading: GUY IN SUIT
dialog: OK, Okazaki, I’m counting on you.
speaker_heading: OKAZAKI
dialog: Yessir.
text: The guy in the suit pats Okazaki on the shoulder and walks off.
text: Okazaki turns to walk away, spots Asakawa bent over the small table
text: and peering intently at the newspaper article.
speaker_heading: OKAZAKI
dialog: Miss Asakawa? I thought you were
dialog: going home early today.
text: Asakawa turns around and begins speaking excitedly.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: Okazaki, can I ask you a favor?
speaker_heading: OKAZAKI
dialog: Sure.
text: Asakawa points to the newspaper.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: Could you check out this article
dialog: for me? Get me some more info.?
speaker_heading: OKAZAKI
dialog: I guess...
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: Good. Call me as soon as you know
dialog: more, OK?
speaker_heading: OKAZAKI
dialog: Ma’ am.
text: Asakawa walks off. Okazaki, still carrying the videotapes, leans
text: forward to take a look at the article.
scene_heading: EXT. APARTMENT PARKING LOT - DAY
text: Asakawa drives her car into the lot and parks quickly. She gets
text: out, runs up the STAIRCASE to the third floor. She stops in front
text: of a door, sticks her KEY in the lock, and opens it.
scene_heading: INT. ASAKAWA’S APARTMENT - LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: A BOY of about 7 is sitting in an ARMCHAIR facing the veranda. We
text: can see only the back of his head.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA (0.S.)
dialog: Yoichi!
text: Hearing his name, the boy puts down the BOOK he was reading and
text: stands up, facing the door. He is wearing a white DRESS SHIRT with
text: a brown sweater-type VEST over it. He sees Asakawa, his mother,
text: run in the door. She is panting lightly.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: Sorry I’m late. Oh, you’ve already
dialog: changed.
speaker_heading: YOICHI
dialog: Yup.
text: He points over to his mother’s right.
speaker_heading: YOICHI (cont’d)
dialog: I got your clothes out for you.
text: Asakawa turns to see a DARK SUIT hanging from one of the living
text: room shelves. She reaches out, takes it.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: Aargh, we’ve gotta hurry!
text: She runs into the next room to change.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - DAY
text: Asakawa has changed into all-black FUNERAL ATTIRE. Her hair is
text: up, and she is fastening the clasp to a pearl NECKLACE. Yoichi is
text: still in the living room.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: Did grandpa call?
speaker_heading: YOICHI (0.S.)
dialog: Nope.
text: Yoichi walks into the room and faces his mother.
speaker_heading: YOICHI
dialog: Why did Tomo-chan die? *
dialog: >* ”“-chan” is a suffix in Japanese that denotes closeness or
dialog: affection.
dialog: >It is most often used for young girls, though it can also be used
dialog: for
dialog: >boys.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: Well... it looks like she was really,
dialog: really sick.
text: She takes a seat on the bed.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: Will you do me up?
text: Yoichi fastens the rear button of his mother’s dress and zips her
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: YOICHI
dialog: You can die even if you’re young?
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: If it’s something serious... well, yes.
text: Asakawa turns to face her son, puts an arm around him.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: As hard as it is for us, what your
text: auntie and uncle are going through
dialog: right now is even harder, so let’s
dialog: not talk about this over there, OK?
text: Yoichi nods.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: (remembering)
dialog: You and her used to play a lot
dialog: together, didn’t you?
text: Yoichi says nothing.
scene_heading: EXT. OUISHI HOUSEHOLD - NIGHT
text: RED PAPER LANTERNS mark this place as the site of a wake. Several
text: GIRLS in high school uniforms are standing together and talking in
text: groups. Asakawa and Yoichi, walking hand in hand, enter the house.
scene_heading: INT. OUISHI HOUSEHOLD - NIGHT
text: There are many PEOPLE milling about, speaking softly. A MAN seated
text: at a counter is taking monetary donations from guests and entering
text: their information into a LEDGER. Asakawa and Yoichi continue
dialog: walking,
text: down a hallway.
scene_heading: INT. OUISHI HOUSEHOLD - NIGHT
text: Mother and son halt before the open DOOR to the main wake room,
dialog: where
text: guests may show their respects to the departed. The room is laid in
text: traditional Japanese-style tatami, a kind of woven straw mat that
text: serves as a carpet. Two GUESTS, their shoes off, are kneeling upon
text: zabuton cushions.
text: Kneeling opposite the guests is KOUICHI, Asakawa’s father. The two
text: guests are bowing deeply, and Kouichi bows in response.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: Dad.
text: Kouichi turns to see her.
speaker_heading: KOUICHI
dialog: Ah!
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: How is sis holding up?
speaker_heading: KOUICHI
text: She’s resting inside right now.
dialog: She’s shaken up pretty badly, you
dialog: know. It’s best she just take
dialog: things easy for a while.
text: Asakawa nods.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: I’1l go check on auntie and them,
dialog: then.
speaker_heading: KOUICHI
dialog: OK. Ah, Yoichi. Why don’t you sit
dialog: here for a little while?
text: He grabs the young boy and seats him on a cushion next to the two
dialog: guests.
text: As the guests resume their conversation with Asakawa’s father,
dialog: Yoichi’s
text: eyes wander to the ALTAR at the front of the room set up to honor
dialog: the
text: deceased. It is made of wood, and surrounded by candles, flowers,
dialog: and
text: small paper lanterns. At the center is a PICTURE of the deceased, a
text: teenage girl. A small wooden PLAQUE reads her name: Tomoko Ouishi.
dialog: It
text: is the same Tomoko from the first scene.
text: Yoichi continues to stare at Tomoko’s picture. He makes a peculiar
text: gesture as he does so, rubbing his index finger in small circles
dialog: just
text: between his eyes.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Asakawa walks down the hallway, looking for her aunt. She walks
dialog: until
text: finding the open doorway to the kitchen. There are a few people in
text: there, preparing busily. Asakawa sees her AUNT, who rushes into the
text: hallway to meet her, holds her fast by the arm. The aunt speaks in
dialog: a
text: fierce, quick whisper.
speaker_heading: AUNT
dialog: Have you heard anything more about
dialog: Tomo-chan’s death?
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: No, I...
speaker_heading: AUNT
dialog: But the police have already finished
dialog: their autopsy!
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: Well, they said there was no sign of
dialog: foul play.
speaker_heading: AUNT
dialog: (shaking her head)
dialog: That was no normal death. They haven’t
dialog: once opened the casket to let us see
dialog: the body. Don’t you think that’s
dialog: strange?
text: Asakawa looks away, thinking.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Yoichi has wandered off by himself. He stops at the foot of the
text: steps, looking up-- and catches a glimpse of a pair of BARE FEET
text: running up to the second floor.
text: A guarded expression on his face, Yoichi walks slowly up the
dialog: stairs.
scene_heading: INT. OUISHI HOUSEHOLD - TOMOKO’S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Yoichi has wandered into Tomoko’s bedroom. The lights are all off
text: and there is an eerie feel to it. Yoichi’s eyes wander about the
text: room, finally coming to rest on the TELEVISION SET. Suddenly, he
text: hears his mother’s voice from behind him.
speaker_heading: ASAKWAWA (0.S.)
dialog: Yoichi?
text: Yoichi turns to face her as she approaches, puts an arm around him.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: What are you doing up here? You
dialog: shouldn’t just walk into other
dialog: people’s rooms.
text: Without replying, Yoichi’s gaze slowly returns to the television
text: set. Asakawa holds him by the shoulders, turning him to meet
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: You go on downstairs, OK?
speaker_heading: YOICHI
dialog: OK.
text: He turns to leave, and Asakawa follows.
scene_heading: INT. OUSHI HOUSEHOLD - TOP OF THE STAIRS - NIGHT
text: Just as Yoichi and Asakawa are about to descend the steps,
text: Asakawa’s CELL PHONE rings. She opens the clasp to her PURSE.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: (to Yoichi)
dialog: You go on ahead.
speaker_heading: YOICHI
dialog: ‘K.
text: He walks down the steps. Asakawa brings out her cell phone,
dialog: answers it.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: OKAZAKI
dialog: Uh... this is Okazaki. I’ve got
dialog: some more info on that article for
dialog: you. The girl was a student of
dialog: the uh, Seikei School for Women in
dialog: Yokahama City.
text: Asakawa blinks at this, looks disturbed.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Thanks.
text: She hangs up the phone.
scene_heading: EXT. OUISHI HOUSEHOLD - NIGHT
text: Asakawa stands now at the entrance of the house. Dazedly, she
text: walks toward a large, hand-painted PLACARD. The placard reads
text: that the wake is being held for a student of the Seikei School
dialog: for Women.
text: Asakawa stares at that placard, making the mental connections.
text: She turns abruptly, walks towards a nearby TRIO of HIGH SCHOOL
speaker_heading: GIRLS.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: Excuse me. This is, um, kind of a
dialog: strange question, but by any chance
dialog: were you friends of that young girl
dialog: that died in the car as well?
text: The three girls turn their faces to the ground.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: Please. If you know anything...
speaker_heading: GIRL RIGHT
dialog: They all died the same day. Youko.
dialog: Tomoko. Even Iwata, he was ina
dialog: motorcycle accident.
speaker_heading: GIRL LEFT
dialog: Because they watched the video.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: Video?
speaker_heading: GIRL LEFT
dialog: That’s what Youko said. They all
dialog: watched some weird video, and
dialog: after that their phone rang.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: Tomoko-chan watched it, too?
dialog: Where?
text: Girl Left shakes her head.
speaker_heading: GIRL LEFT
dialog: She just said they all stayed
dialog: somewhere.
speaker_heading: GIRL RIGHT
dialog: There was a girl with Tomoko when
dialog: she died. She’s had to be
text: hospitalized for shock.
speaker_heading: GIRL MIDDLE
dialog: They say she won’t go anywhere
text: near a television.
scene_heading: INT. NEWS STATION - VIEWING BOOTH - DAY
text: Asakawa and YOSHINO, another news reporter, are watching scenes
text: from the Yokohama car death. In the footage there are lots of
text: POLICEMEN milling about, one of them trying to pick the door to
text: the passenger side. Yoshino is giving Asakawa the blow-by-blow.
speaker_heading: YOSHINO
dialog: The bodies of those found were
text: Tsuji Youko, age 17, a student of
dialog: the Seikei School for Women, and
dialog: Nomi Takehiko, age 19, preparatory
dialog: school student. Both their doors
text: were securely locked.
text: Onscreen, the policeman has finally picked the lock. The door
dialog: opens,
text: and a girl’s BODY half-falls out, head facing upwards. Yoshino
dialog: flicks
text: a BUTTON on the control panel, scans the footage frame by frame. He
text: stops when he gets a good close-up of the victim.
text: Her face is twisted into an insane rictus of fear, mouth open, eyes
text: wide and glassy. Yoshino and Asakawa lean back in their seats.
speaker_heading: YOSHINO
dialog: This is the first time I’ve -ever-
dialog: seen something like this.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: Cause of death?
speaker_heading: YOSHINO
dialog: Couldn’t say, aside from sudden
dialog: heart failure.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: Drugs?
speaker_heading: YOSHINO
dialog: The autopsy came up negative.
text: Yoshino takes the video off pause. Onscreen, a policeman has caught
text: the young girl’s body from completely falling out, and is pushing it
text: back into the car. As the body moves into an upright position, we
text: can see that the girl’s PANTIES are mid-way around her left thigh.
speaker_heading: YOSHINO
text: These two, about to go at it,
dialog: suddenly up and die for no
dialog: apparent reason.
text: He sighs.
speaker_heading: YOSHINO (cont’d)
dialog: Do -you- get it?
scene_heading: EXT. OUISHI HOUSEHOLD - DAY
text: Asakawa’s CAR is already halted before a modest-sized, two-story
speaker_heading: HOUSE
text: with a small covered parkway for a garage. She gets out of her car,
text: closes the door. She stares at the house, unmoving.
scene_heading: INT. OUISHI HOUSEHOLD - KITCHEN - DAY
text: Asakawa stands before her SISTER RYOMI, who is seated at the kitchen
text: TABLE. Ryomi is staring blankly away, making no sign of
dialog: acknowledging
text: her sister. The silence continues unabated, and Asakawa, pensive,
text: wanders idly into the adjoining dining room. She takes a long look
dialog: at
text: the television, the same television that had puzzled Tomoko by
dialog: suddenly
text: switching itself on, sitting darkly in one corner. Her reflection
dialog: in
text: the screen looks stretched, distorted.
speaker_heading: RYOMI (0.S.)
dialog: They tell me that Yoichi came to
dialog: the funeral, too.
text: Asakawa steps back into the kitchen. She addresses her sister, who
text: continues to stare out at nothing.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: Mmm-hmm.
speaker_heading: RYOMI
dialog: They used to play a lot together, didn’t they? Upstairs.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: Yeah...
text: Ryomi lapses back into a silence. Asakawa waits for her to say
dialog: more,
text: but when it is clear that nothing else is forthcoming, she quietly
dialog: gives
text: up and exits the kitchen.
scene_heading: INT. OUISHI HOUSEHOLD - STAIRCASE - DAY
text: Asakawa climbs the steps to the second floor. She makes her way
dialog: down
dialog: the hall.
scene_heading: INT. OUISHI HOUSEHOLD - TOMOKO’S ROOM - DAY
text: As if intruding, Asakawa walks slowly, cautiously into Tomoko’s
dialog: room.
text: The window to the room is open, and a single piece of folded white
speaker_heading: PAPER
text: on Tomoko’s desk flutters in the breeze. Asakawa walks towards it,
dialog: picks
text: it up. It is a RECEIPT from a photo shop. The developed photos
dialog: have yet
dialog: to be claimed.
text: Asakawa senses something, spins to look over her shoulder. Her
dialog: sister
text: has crept quietly up the stairs and down the hall, and stands now in
dialog: the
text: doorway to Tomoko’s room. She appears not to notice what Asakawa
dialog: has in
text: her hands, as her gaze has already shifted to the sliding closet
dialog: door.
text: She regards it almost druggedly.
speaker_heading: RYOMI
dialog: (haltingly)
dialog: This... this is where Tomoko died.
speaker_heading: FLASHBACK
speaker_heading: RYOMI (0.S.)
dialog: Tomoko!
text: Ryomi’s hands fling aside the CLOSET DOOR. Within, she finds the
dialog: pale
text: blue CARCASS of her daughter, curled up into an unnatural fetal
dialog: position.
text: Tomoko’s mouth yawns gaping, her eyes glassy and rolled up into the
dialog: back
text: of her head. Her hands are caught in her hair, as if trying to pull
dialog: it
text: out by the roots. It is a horrific scene, one that says Tomoko died
dialog: as
text: if from some unspeakable fear.
speaker_heading: PRESENT
text: Ryomi sinks to her knees, hitting the wooden floor hard. She puts
dialog: her
text: face into her hands and begins sobbing loudly. Asakawa says
dialog: nothing.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMERA SHOP - DAY
text: Asakawa leaves the camera shop clutching Tomoko’s unclaimed PHOTOS.
dialog: She
text: walks out onto the sidewalk and begins flipping through them. We
dialog: see
text: Tomoko standing arm-in-arm with Iwata, her secret boyfriend. Tomoko
dialog: and
text: her friends eating lunch. The camera had its date-and-time function
dialog: enabled, and the photos are marked
dialog: 97 8 29.
text: The next shot is of Tomoko, Iwata, and another young couple posing
dialog: in
text: front of a SIGN for a bed and breakfast. The sign reads:
speaker_heading: IZU PACIFIC LAND
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: Izu...
text: Asakawa continues looking through the photos, various shots of the
text: four friends clowning around in their room. Suddenly she comes to a
text: shot taken the next day, at check out. The friends are lined up,
dialog: arms
text: linked-- and all four of their faces are blurred, distorted as if
text: someone had taken an eraser to them and tried to rub them out of
dialog: existence.
scene_heading: INT. ASAKAWA’S APARTMENT - KITCHEN - DAY
text: Asakawa wears an APRON, and is frying something up on the STOVE.
dialog: Yoichi
text: stands watching.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: Look, I’m probably going to be late
dialog: coming home tonight, so just stick
dialog: your dinner in the microwave when
dialog: you’re ready to eat, OK?
speaker_heading: YOICHI
dialog: ‘K... Mom?
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: Hmm?
speaker_heading: YOICHI
dialog: Tomo-chan watched some cursed video!
text: Asakawa leaves the food on the stove, runs over to Yoichi and grabs
dialog: him
text: by the shoulders. She shakes him roughly.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: What did you say? You are not to
dialog: speak of this at school, do you
dialog: hear me?
speaker_heading: YOICHI
dialog: (utterly unfazed)
dialog: I won’t. I’m going to school now.
text: Yoichi walks off. Asakawa goes back to the stove, but stops after
dialog: only
text: a few stirs, staring off and thinking.
dialog: Caption-- “September 13th. Monday.”
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - DAY
text: Asakawa drives her car speedily along a narrow country road, LEAVES
text: blowing up in her wake.
scene_heading: INT. ASAKAWA’S CAR - DAY
text: Asakawa mutters to herself, deep in thought.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: There’s no way...
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY ROAD - DAY
text: Asakawa’s car drives past a sign reading:
speaker_heading: IZU PACIFIC LAND
scene_heading: EXT. IZU PACIFIC LAND - DRIVEWAY - DAY
text: Asakawa has left her car and is walking around the driveway of what
dialog: is
text: less a bed and breakfast and more like a series of cabin-style
dialog: rental
speaker_heading: COTTAGES .
text: She wanders about for a while, trying to get her bearings. She
dialog: pauses
text: now in front of a particular cottage and reaches into her PURSE.
dialog: She
text: withdraws the PICTURE from the photomat, the one that showed Tomoko
dialog: and
text: her friends with their faces all blurred. The four are posing in
dialog: front
text: of their cottage, marked in the photograph as “B4.” Asakawa lowers
dialog: the
text: photo to regard the cottage before her.
speaker_heading: B4
text: She walks to the door, turns the handle experimentally. It’s open.
text: Asakawa walks in.
scene_heading: INT. PACIFIC LAND - COTTAGE B4 - DAY
text: Asakawa lets her eyes wander around the cottage. It looks very
dialog: modern,
text: all wood paneling and spacious comfort.
text: Her eyes rest on the TV/VCR setup at the front of the room.
text: Crouching
text: before the VCR now, she presses the eject button. Nothing happens.
text: She fingers the inside of the deck, finds it empty, then reaches
dialog: behind
text: to the rear of the VCR, searching. Again, there is nothing.
dialog: Asakawa
text: presses the power button on the television, picks up the REMOTE, and
text: takes a seat on the SOFA. She runs through a few channels but
dialog: they’re
text: all talk shows, no clues whatsoever. She flicks the TV off and
dialog: leans
text: back in the sofa, sighing.
text: Just then, she spies a LEDGER on the coffee table. These things are
dialog: sometimes left in hotels in Japan, so that guests can write a few
text: comments about their stay for others to read. Asakawa picks the
text: ledger up, begins thumbing through it. She stops at a strange
speaker_heading: PICTURE
text: obviously drawn by a child, that shows three rotund, almost entirely
text: round personages. She reads the handwritten MESSAGE.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: "My dad is fat. My mom is fat.
dialog: That’s why I’m fat, too."
text: She smiles in spite of herself.
text: Asakawa flips through the rest of the ledger, but there’s nothing
dialog: else
dialog: of any import.
text: She tosses it back onto the coffee table and, sighing again, leans
dialog: into
text: the sofa and closes her eyes.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTDOOR CAFE - DUSK
text: Asakawa eats silently, alone.
scene_heading: INT. PACIFIC LAND - FRONT RECEPTION - NIGHT
text: Asakawa has returned to the bed and breakfast. As she walks in the
text: door, the COUNTER CLERK rises out of his chair to greet her.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Room for one?
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: Um, actually I’m here on business.
text: She passes the clerk a picture of Tomoko and her three other
dialog: friends.
text: He stares at it for a moment.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: They would have stayed here on
text: August 29th, all four of them.
dialog: If there’s any information you
dialog: might have...
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Uh, hang on just a minute.
text: The clerk turns his back to her, begins leafing through a guest log.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: August 29th...
text: While she waits, Asakawa’s eyes start to wander around the room.
text: Behind the desk is a sign reading “Rental Video,” and a large wooden
text: BOOKSHELF filled with VIDEOTAPES. They are all in their original
dialog: boxes,
text: and she lets her eyes glance over the titles. Raiders of the Lost
dialog: Ark,
dialog: 48 Hours--
text: --and then, suddenly, she spies a VIDEOTAPE in a plain, unmarked
text: sleeve, tucked away in the back of the very bottom shelf. She feels
text: the hairs on the back of her neck rise.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: That...
text: The clerk looks up.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Hmm?
text: Asakawa stabs a finger excitedly towards the shelf.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: That! What tape is that?
text: The clerk reaches out for it, grabs it.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: This? Hmm...
text: The clerk pulls the tape out of its SLEEVE and checks for a label.
text: It’s unmarked.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Maybe one of the guests left it behind...
scene_heading: INT. PACIFIC LAND - COTTAGE B4 - NIGHT
text: Asakawa flips on the TV. It’s on channel 2, and there is nothing
dialog: but
text: static. She kneels down to slide the tape into the deck and pauses a
text: moment, framed in the vaguely spectral LIGHT from the television
text: screen. Steeling her nerves, she puts the tape into the machine,
dialog: picks
text: up the remote, and presses play.
dialog: NOTE: This next scene is entirely visual. If you are reading this
dialog: translation before watching the movie, do yourself a favor; STOP
dialog: reading this now and watch the scene for itself. Afterwards, you
dialog: can
dialog: come back here to check the meaning of the Japanese characters
dialog: displayed.
speaker_heading: THE VIDEOTAPE
text: At first it looks like nothing has happened-- then Asakawa realizes
dialog: that
text: she is now viewing recorded static instead of broadcast static. She
text: watches, waiting, but the static continues unbroken. Asakawa looks
text: down at the remote, is about to press fast forward, when suddenly
dialog: the
text: picture on the screen clears and for a moment she thinks she’s
dialog: looking
text: at the moon.
text: It’s not the moon at all, she realizes. The shape is round like a
dialog: full
text: moon, but it seems to be made up of thin RIBBONS of cloud streaking
text: against a night sky. And there’s a FACE, she sees, a face hidden in
text: shadows, looking down from above.
dialog: What is this?
text: The scene changes now, and Asakawa notes that the tape has that kind
dialog: of
text: grainy quality one sees in 3rd or 4th generation copies. The scene
dialog: is of
text: a WOMAN brushing her long hair before an oval-shaped MIRROR. The
dialog: nerve-
text: wracking grating as if of some giant metallic insect sounds in the
text: background, but the lady doesn’t seem to notice. The mirror the
dialog: lady is
text: using to brush her hair suddenly changes position from the left part
dialog: of
text: the wall before which she stands, to the right. Almost instantly
dialog: the
text: mirror returns to its original position, but in that one moment in
dialog: its
text: changed location we see a small FIGURE in a white GOWN. The woman
dialog: turns
text: towards where that figure stood, and smiles.
text: The screen next becomes a twitching, undulating impenetrable sea of
dialog: the
dialog: kanji characters used in the Japanese language. Asakawa can pick
dialog: out
dialog: only two things recognizable:
dialog: local volcanic eruption
text: Now the screen is awash in PEOPLE-- crawling, scrabbling, shambling
text: masses, some of them moving in reverse. A sound like moaning
dialog: accompanies
dialog: them.
text: A FIGURE stands upon a shore, its face shrouded. It points
dialog: accusingly,
text: not towards the screen, but at something unseen off to one side.
dialog: The
text: insect-like screeching sounds louder.
text: Close up on inhuman, alien-looking EYE. Inside that eye a single
text: character is reflected in reverse: SADA, meaning "Chastity."
text: The eye blinks once, twice. The symbol remains.
text: A long shot of an outdoor, uncovered WELL.
text: Sudden loud, blinding STATIC as the tape ends.
text: Asakawa turns the TV off, looking physically drained. She sighs
text: shakily
text: and slumps forward, resting on her knees. Just then, she glances at
dialog: the
text: television screen. She sees, reflected, a small FIGURE in a white
dialog: gown
text: standing at the rear of the room. Shocked, Asakawa draws in breath,
text: spins around.
text: The room is empty. Asakawa runs to the sofa to collect her jacket--
text: --and the RINGING of the telephone stops her dead in her tracks.
dialog: Zombie-
text: like, she walks towards the telephone, picks it up wordlessly.
text: From the other end comes the same metallic, insectoid SQUEAKING
dialog: heard on
text: the video. Asakawa slams the phone down and glances up at the
speaker_heading: CLOCK.
text: It’s about seven minutes after 7 P.M.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: (to herself)
dialog: One week...
text: Asakawa grabs her coat, pops the tape out of the deck, and runs out
dialog: the
dialog: door.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: It is dark and raining heavily. Yoichi, Asakawa’s son, is walking
dialog: to
text: school, UMBRELLA firmly in hand. The sidewalk is quite narrow, and
dialog: Yoichi
text: comes to a halt when a second PERSON comes from the opposite
dialog: direction,
text: blocking his way. Yoichi slowly raises his umbrella, peers up to
dialog: look at
text: this other pedestrian. It is a MAN, a BAG slung over one shoulder.
dialog: He
text: has a beard; unusual for Japan where clean-shaven is the norm.
text: The two continue looking directly at each other, neither moving nor
text: speaking. Yoichi then walks around the person’s left and continues
dialog: on his
text: way. The man resumes walking as well.
dialog: Caption-- “September 14th. Tuesday.”
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE AN APARTMENT DOOR - DAY
text: The bearded man, whose name is RYUJI, reaches out to press the
speaker_heading: DOORBELL,
text: but the door has already opened from within. Asakawa leans out
dialog: holding
text: the door open for him. Neither of them speaks. Wordlessly, Ryuji
dialog: enters
dialog: the apartment.
scene_heading: INT. ASAKAWA’S APARTMENT - DAY
text: Ryuji puts his bag down, looks around the apartment. The interior
dialog: is dark,
text: ominous somehow. He takes his JACKET off and wanders into the
dialog: living room.
text: Asakawa is in the kitchen behind him, preparing TEA. Ryuji spies
dialog: the
text: collection of FRAMED PHOTOGRAPHS in living room.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: Yoichi’s in elementary school
dialog: already, is he?
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: His first year. What about you,
dialog: Ryuji? How have you been
dialog: recently?
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: Same as always.
text: She takes a seat next to him, serves the tea. On the coffee table
text: before them is a VIDEOTAPE in a plain, unmarked case.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: And money is...?
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: I’m teaching at university.
text: Ryuji picks up his cup of tea but stops, grimacing, before it is to
dialog: his
text: lips. He rubs his forehead as if experiencing a sudden headache.
dialog: Ryuji
text: shakes it off and quickly regains his composure.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: Anyway. You said that the phone rang?
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: That’s right.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: So if I watch it too, that phone over
dialog: there--
text: He gestures with his mug
speaker_heading: RYUJI (cont’d)
dialog: --should ring.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: Ryuji, four people have already
dialog: died. On the same day!
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: (flippant)
dialog: Well, why don’t you try calling
dialog: an exorcist?
text: He takes a sip of his tea. Asakawa reaches quickly, grabs something
text: from the bookshelf behind her-- a POLAROID CAMERA. She shoves it
text: into Ryuji’s hands, then turns to look down at the floor.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: Take my picture.
text: Ryuji raises the camera to his eye.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: Turn this way.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: (unmoving)
dialog: Hurry up and take it.
text: Ryuji snaps off a shot. It comes out the other end and he takes it
text: waits impatiently for an image to appear. When it does, all he can
text: do is pass it wordlessly over to Asakawa. Her face is twisted,
text: misshapen.
text: Just like the picture of Tomoko and her friends.
text: Asakawa stares at it, horrified. By the time she finally looks up,
text: Ryuji has already risen from his seat and slid the videotape into
dialog: the
text: VCR. Again, the screen is filled with static, only to be replaced
text: with what looks like the moon. Asakawa slams the Polaroid on the
text: coffee table and goes outside onto the veranda.
scene_heading: EXT. VERANDA - DAY
text: Asakawa stares out at a view of the houses shaded in cloud and rain.
text: There is a knock on the glass door behind her. A moment later,
text: Ryuji slides the door open.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
text: It’s over.
text: Asakawa re-enters her apartment.
scene_heading: INT. ASAKAWA’S APARTMENT - LIVING ROOM - DAY
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: Well, it looks like your phone’s not
dialog: ringing.
text: Ryuji pops the tape from the deck, hands it to Asakawa.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: Make me a copy of this, will you?
dialog: I'd like to do a little research
dialog: of my own. There’s no reason to
dialog: write us off as dead just yet.
text: He dramatically takes a seat.
speaker_heading: RYUJI (cont’d)
dialog: If there’s a video, that means that
dialog: somebody had to make it.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: There’s the guest list from the
dialog: cottage to look into... and the
dialog: possibility of someone hacking
dialog: into the local station’s broadcast
dialog: signals.
text: Asakawa pulls a NOTEPAD from her purse and begins busily scribbling
dialog: away.
scene_heading: INT. NEWS STATION - DAY
text: Okazaki putters around.
dialog: Caption-— “September 15th. Tuesday.”
scene_heading: INT. NEWS STATION - VIEWING BOOTH - DAY
text: Asakawa sits by herself, reviewing the videotape. She is replaying
text: the very last scene, an outdoor shot of a well. She stares at it
text: carefully, and notices...
text: The tape ends, filling the screen with static. A split-second
text: afterwards, there is a KNOCK on the door and Okazaki enters, holding
text: a FILE. Asakawa momentarily forgets about the video.
speaker_heading: OKAZAKI
dialog: (handing her the file)
dialog: Here’s that guest list you wanted.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: Oh, thanks.
speaker_heading: OKAZAKI
dialog: What are you gonna do with this?
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: Uh... sorry, I’m working on
dialog: something personal.
scene_heading: EXT. IN FRONT OF A TRAIN STATION - DAY
text: Some quick shots of a FOUNTAIN gushing water, PIGEONS flapping away
text: looking agitated. CUT to Ryuji sitting on a BENCH. He’s deep in
text: thought, writing in a NOTEPAD. There are multitudes of PEOPLE about
text: him, and we can hear the sounds of their coming and going. A PAIR
text: OF LEGS attached to a woman in white dress, hose, and pumps appears
text: heading directly for Ryuji. Her pace is slow, rhythmical, and as
text: that pace progresses all other sounds FADE into the background, so
text: that all we can hear is the CLOMP, CLOMP as those legs walk to stand
text: just before Ryuji. The pumps are scuffed, dirtied with grime.
text: A gust of WIND rips by. Ryuji fights the urge to look up as in his
text: ears rings the same hollowed, multi-voiced BABBLING heard on the
text: videotape. The sound grows stronger.
speaker_heading: RYUJI (VO)
dialog: So, it was you. You did it.
text: The babbling fades, disappears as slowly the world’s normal
text: background sounds return. Ryuji looks up, but the woman in white
text: is nowhere to be seen.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE RYUJI’S APARTMENT — AFTERNOON
text: Ryuji rides up on a BICYCLE. He turns the corner towards his
text: apartment and finds Asakawa seated on the steps, waiting for him.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: Hey.
text: Asakawa notes in his face that something is wrong.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: What happened to you?
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: (gruffly)
dialog: Nothing.
text: He enters the building, carrying his bicycle. Asakawa follows.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - AFTERNOON
text: The two walk down the hallway towards the FRONT DOOR to Ryuji’s
text: apartment. He unlocks the door and they enter.
scene_heading: INT. RYUJI’S APARTMENT - AFTERNOON
text: Ryuji and Asakawa enter the living room.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: So, what’d you come up with?
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: I don’t think any of the guests on
dialog: the list brought the tape with them.
dialog: I couldn’t confirm it face-to-face
dialog: of course, but even over the phone I
dialog: got the feeling they were all being
dialog: upfront with me.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: How about the other angle? Pirate
dialog: signals or...
text: Asakawa shakes her head.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: There’re no traces of any illegal
dialog: television signals being broadcast
dialog: around Izu.
text: She reaches into her purse, pulls out a large white ENVELOPE.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: Here’s that copy of the videotape
dialog: you wanted.
text: Ryuji tears the package open. He squats down on the tatami in
text: frontof his TV and slides the tape in. Asakawa sits on the
text: tatami as well, but positions herself away from the TV and keeps
text: her eyes averted. Ryuji glares over his shoulder at her.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: (sternly)
dialog: Asakawa.
text: She reluctantly scoots closer, looks up at the screen. Ryuji
text: fast-forwards the tape a bit, stopping at the scene where the
text: woman is brushing her long hair before an oval mirror. He puts
text: the video on frame-by-frame.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: Have you ever seen this woman?
text: Asakawa regards the screen intently.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: No
dialog: 
text: The tape advances to the scene where the mirror suddenly changes
text: positions. When it does, we can again see the small figure in the
text: white gown, a figure with long black hair. When Ryuji sees this
text: his body stiffens, becomes tense. Asakawa notices but says nothing.
text: She also notices something else.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: (excitedly)
dialog: There’s something strange about
dialog: this shot.
text: She takes the remote from Ryuji, rewinds it a ways. Onscreen, the
text: woman begins coming her long hair again.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: From this angle, the mirror should
dialog: be reflecting whoever’s filming.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: So, what does that mean?
text: Asakawa lets out a short sigh.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: Well, if the person who made this
dialog: is a pro, there’d be a way around
dialog: that, I guess, but still...
text: The screen changes, showing the mass of squiggling kanji characters
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: (reading)
dialog: Volcanic eruption... Eruption where?
text: He pauses the screen, trying to make sense of what is written.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: This is gonna be impossible to figure
text: out on just a regular TV screen,
dialog: don’t you think?
text: They are both still staring at the screen when from behind them
dialog: comes
text: the SOUND of someone opening the front door. Ryuji turns off the
dialog: TV,
text: ejects the tape from the deck.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: Come on in.
text: Asakawa flashes a look at Ryuji and then turns her head back towards
text: the front door to see who has entered. A cute, nervous-looking
dialog: young
text: GIRL with short hair approaches slowly. She is carrying a PLASTIC
speaker_heading: BAG
text: filled with groceries.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: Asakawa, meet my student, Takano Mai.
text: He turns, addresses Mai.
speaker_heading: RYUJI (cont’d)
dialog: This is Asakawa, my ex-wife.
text: Ryuji gets up and walks conveniently away.
speaker_heading: MAI
dialog: Nice to meet you. I’m Takano.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: Asakawa. *
dialog: > * As you may already be aware, Japanese name order is the
dialog: >opposite of English’s, and even close friends may continue to
text: >address one another by their last names. Incidentally, Asakawa’s
text: >first name is “Reiko.” In this scene, Mai deferentially refers
dialog: >to Ryuji as sensei, meaning “teacher.”
text: Mai sets the bag of groceries down and chases after Ryuji. He is
text: putting on his jacket and getting ready to leave.
speaker_heading: MAI
dialog: Sensei, the people from the
dialog: publishing company called about
dialog: the deadline on your thesis again.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: (brusquely)
dialog: What’re they talkin’ to you
dialog: about it for?
speaker_heading: MAI
dialog: Because they can never get a
dialog: hold of you.
text: Ryuji picks up his keys, video firmly in hand.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: Ask them to wait another week.
speaker_heading: MAI
dialog: Sensei, ask them yourself,
dialog: please.
text: Ryuji is already headed for the door. His back is to her as he
dialog: responds.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: OK, OK.
text: Asakawa walks after him. They leave.
text: Mai pouts unhappily a bit, and then breaks into a smile as an idea
text: crosses her mind. She walks across the room to where Ryuji has set
text: up a large BLACKBOARD filled with mathematical equations. Grinning,
text: Mai rubs out part of one equation with her sleeve and writes ina
dialog: new value.
scene_heading: INT. NEWS STATION —- HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Asakawa and Ryuji stride purposefully. They stop before a DOOR to
text: the right, which Asakawa unlocks. They both walk in.
scene_heading: INT. NEWS STATION - VIEWING BOOTH - NIGHT
text: Asakawa and Ryuji sit in a completely darkened room, their eyes
text: glued to the television MONITOR. They are again watching the scene
text: with the fragmented kanji characters, but despite their efforts have
text: been able to identify only one additional word, bringing the total
dialog: to three:
dialog: volcanic eruption local residents
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: This is impossible.
text: Ryuji fast forwards, stopping at the scene with the kanji reflected
text: inside an alien-looking EYE. He reads the kanji aloud.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: Sada...
text: Ryuji moves to make a note of this, notices the time.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: Is Yoichi gonna be all right?
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: (sadly)
dialog: He’s used to it...
text: Short silence. Ryuji breaks it by gesturing towards the screen.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: Whoever made this had to have left
text: some kind of clue behind. They’re
dialog: probably waiting for us to find it.
text: Asakawa turns a DIAL to bring up the volume, which up until now has
text: been on mute. The room is filled with an eerie, metallic GRATING,
text: and Asakawa spins the dial again, shutting it off. Just as she
dialog: does,
text: Ryuji’s eyes widen.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: Wait a minute.
text: He turns the dial again, punches a few buttons as if searching for
text: something. He listens carefully, and when he hears that strange
text: something again he stops, looks at the screen.
text: It is paused at the scene with the figure, pointing, a CLOTH draped
text: over its head. The figure now looks oddly like a messenger.
text: Ryuji and Asakawa exchange glances. This could be it. Ryuji flips
text: some more switches, setting the sound for super-slow mo. What
dialog: follows
text: is a strange, labored sort of speech-— a hidden message-- framed in
text: the skittering distortion of the tape in slow motion.
speaker_heading: TAPE
dialog: Shoooomonnn bakkkkkarrri toou...
dialog: boooouuuukonn ga kuuru zouuu...
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: (repeating)
dialog: Shoumon bakkari, boukon ga kuru
dialog: zo. Did you hear that, too?
text: Asakawa nods. Ryuji is already writing it down excitedly.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: What does that mean?
text: Ryuji tears the sheet of paper off the notepad, folds it, and tucks
text: it into his shirt pocket.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: I’m gonna check it out.
scene_heading: EXT. ASAKAWA’S APARTMENT COMPLEX - MORNING
text: Yoichi is walking to school. He looks back over his shoulder, just
text: once,then resumes walking.
scene_heading: INT. ASAKAWA’S APARTMENT - MORNING
text: All the lights are turned off, and she is sitting on the living room
text: couch watching the footage of her café interview with the junior
dialog: high
dialog: school girls.
dialog: Caption-- “September 16th. Thursday.”
text: Just when the girl in the interview mentions that whomever watches
text: the video is supposed to afterwards receive a phone call, Asakawa’s
text: own phone RINGS, startling her. She runs to answer it.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: RYUJI (0.S.)
dialog: I’ve got it. It’s a dialect, just
dialog: like I thought. SHOUMON means
text: “playing in the water” and BOUKON
dialog: means “monster.” *
text: >* Translated from standard Japanese, the phrase from the videotape
dialog: >would initially have sounded like, "If only SHOUMON then the
text: >BOUKON will come." These two capitalized words, later identified
dialog: to
dialog: >be dialectical, were at the time completely incomprehensible to
dialog: Ryuji
dialog: >and Asakawa. Dialect can vary dramatically from region to region
dialog: in
dialog: >Japan, to the point of speakers of different dialect being unable
dialog: to
dialog: >understand one another.
text: >The phrase on the tape can now be rendered, "If you keep playing in
dialog: >the water, the monster will come for you."
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: But, dialect from where?
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: Oshima. And the site of our
dialog: “eruption” is Mt. Mihara.
scene_heading: INT. LIBRARY - NIGHT
text: Ryuji and Asakawa are seated at cubicles, looking through bound
text: ARCHIVES of old newspaper articles. Asakawa sneaks a look at Ryuji,
text: stands up and walks off a little ways. She has already pulled out
dialog: her
dialog: cell phone.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: (whispering, on phone)
dialog: Yoichi? I’m gonna be a little
dialog: late tonight, honey.
text: Ryuji looks over his shoulder at her, scowls.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: You can do it yourself, right? OK.
dialog: Sorry. Bye.
text: She hangs up, returns to her seat at the cubicle. She resumes her
text: scanning of the newspaper articles, and Ryuji shoots her another
dialog: scowl.
text: Asakawa turns a page and then stops, frowning. She has spied an
dialog: article
dialog: that looks like...
text: Nervously, Asakawa puts the thumb and forefinger of each hand
dialog: together,
text: forming the shape of a rectangle. Or a screen. She places the
dialog: rectangle
text: over the article she has just discovered, its headlines reading:
dialog: Mount Mihara Erupts Local Residents Urged to Take Precautions
text: Ryuji notices her, leans forward excitedly.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: I’ve got it! This old article...
text: The two scan the remainder of the page, and find a smaller, related
dialog: article.
dialog: Did Local Girl Predict Eruption?
dialog: A young lady from Sashikiji prefecture...
text: The two read over both articles, absorbing the details. Ryuji
dialog: stands
text: suddenly, gathering his things.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: Has your newspaper got someone out
dialog: there at Oshima?
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: I think so. There should be a
dialog: correspondent out there.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: I need you to find out, and let me
dialog: know how to get hold of him.
dialog: Tonight.
text: He begins walking briskly away. Asakawa chases after him.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: What do you think you’ re--?
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: You’ve only got four days left,
dialog: Asakawa! Your newspaper contact
dialog: and I can handle this from here
dialog: on out. You just stay with Yoichi.
text: Ryuji strides off. Asakawa stands motionless.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY ROAD - DAY
text: A car speeds along. CUT to a gravel DRIVEWAY leading up to a
dialog: wooden,
text: traditional-style HOUSE. Kouichi, Asakawa’s father, is standing
dialog: before
text: the entrance and puttering around in his GARDEN. The car from the
text: previous shot drives up, comes to a halt. The passenger door opens
dialog: and
text: Yoichi hops out, running towards the old man. Asakawa walks
dialog: leisurely
dialog: after her son.
speaker_heading: YOICHI
dialog: Grandpa!
speaker_heading: KOUICHI
dialog: Whoa, there! So, you made it, huh?
dialog: Caption-- “September 17th. Friday.”
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: Yoichi says he’s looking forward to
dialog: doing some fishing with you.
speaker_heading: KOUICHI
dialog: Is that so?
text: Yoichi begins tugging excitedly at his grandfather’s arm.
speaker_heading: YOICHI
dialog: C’mon grandpa, let’s go!
speaker_heading: KOUICHI
dialog: OK, OK. We’ll get our things
dialog: together and then we can go.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER — DAY
text: Asakawa stands on a RIVERBANK while her father and Yoichi, GUMBOOTS
dialog: on,
text: are ankle-deep in a shallow river. Yoichi holds a small NET, and
text: Asakawa’s dad is pointing and chattering excitedly.
speaker_heading: KOUICHI
dialog: There he is! C’mon, there he is
dialog: don’t let him go!
text: Yoichi tries to scoop up the fish his grandfather is pointing out.
speaker_heading: KOUICHI
dialog: Oh, oh! Ah... guess he got away
dialog: huh?
speaker_heading: YOICHI
dialog: That was your fault, grandpa.
text: Asakawa’s father laughs.
speaker_heading: KOUICHI
dialog: Well, whaddya say we try again?
text: He begins sloshing noisily out to the center of the stream, Yoichi
dialog: in
dialog: tow.
speaker_heading: KOUICHI
dialog: We'll get ‘im this time.
text: Asakawa looks away, pensive.
scene_heading: INT. KOUICHI’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Yoichi is passed out asleep on the tatami mats. A TELEVISION looms
text: inone corner of the living room, but it is switched off. The
text: SLIDING DOORS to the adjacent guest room are open and we can see
text: futons set out, ready for bed.
text: Asakawa enters the living room and, seeing Yoichi, scoops him up in
text: her arms and carries him over to the guest room.
speaker_heading: YOICHI
dialog: (sleepily)
dialog: How was work, mommy?
text: Asakawa tucks him into the futons and walks silently off.
scene_heading: INT. KOUICHI’S HOUSE - STAIRCASE — NIGHT
text: Asakawa stands at the foot of the staircase, telephone RECEIVER in
text: hand. The phone rests on a small STAND by the staircase.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: RYUJI (0.S.)
dialog: Yeah. Your Oshima contact came
text: through. It looks like the woman
dialog: who predicted the Mihara eruption
text: is the same woman from the video.
scene_heading: INT. RYUJI’S APARTMENT — NIGHT
text: Ryuji is crouched in front of the TV, REMOTE in hand. The screen is
text: paused on the scene of the woman brushing her long hair.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: Her name is Yamamura Shizuko. She
dialog: committed suicide forty years ago
text: by throwing herself into Mt. Mihara.
scene_heading: INT. KOUJI’S HOUSE - STAIRCASE - NIGHT
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: Have you got anything else?
speaker_heading: RYUJI (0.S.)
dialog: I’m gonna have to check it for
dialog: myself. I’1l be leaving for
text: Oshima tomorrow morning.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: Oshima? I’ve only got three days
dialog: left!
speaker_heading: RYUJI (0.S.)
dialog: I know. And I’ve got four.
dialog: Short silence.
speaker_heading: RYUJI (0.S.)
dialog: I’1l be in touch.
text: Ryuji hangs up. Asakawa, deep in thought, slowly places the phone
text: back in its CRADLE. She turns around to walk back down the hallway
text: only to find her father standing there, face full of concern.
speaker_heading: KOUJI
dialog: What’s happened?
text: Asakawa shakes her head.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: Nothing. I just had some things
text: left over from work.
text: She walks past her father, who glances worriedly after her over his
dialog: shoulder.
scene_heading: INT. KOUJI’S HOUSE - GUEST ROOM — NIGHT
text: The lights are all off and Asakawa is asleep in her futon. Her eyes
text: suddenly fly open as a VOICE sounding eerily like her deceased niece
text: Tomoko calls out to her.
speaker_heading: TOMOKO (0.S.)
dialog: Auntie?
text: Asakawa looks around the room, gets her bearings. Her eyes fall on
text: the futon next to hers.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: Yoichi?
text: There is a BODY in that futon, but it is full-grown, dressed all in
text: black. It is curled into a fetal position and has its head turned
dialog: away.
text: Suddenly, the IMAGE from the video of the figure with its face
text: shrouded springs to Asakawa’s mind. Just an instant, its pointing
text: visage materializes, and then disappears. It reappears a moment
text: later, pointing more insistently now, and disappears again.
text: Asakawa blinks her eyes and realizes that the futon next to hers is
text: empty. Yoichi is nowhere to be seen.
text: Just then, she hears that high-pitched, metallic SQUEAKING from the
text: video. Eyes wide with horror, she flings the sliding doors apart--
text: --and there, seated before the television, is Yoichi.
text: He is watching the video.
text: It is already at the very last scene, the shot of the outdoor well.
text: CLOSEUP on the screen now, and for just an instant we can see that
text: something is trying to claw its way out of the well. The video cuts
text: off, and the screen fills with static.
text: Shrieking, Asakawa races over to Yoichi, covers his eyes though it
dialog: is
text: already too late. She scoots over to the VCR, ejects the tape and
text: stares at it uncomprehendingly. She is then at Yoichi’s side again,
text: shaking him roughly.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: Yoichi! You brought this with you,
dialog: didn’t you? Why?!?
speaker_heading: YOICHI
dialog: Tomo-chan...
text: Asakawa freezes, her eyes wide.
speaker_heading: YOICHI
dialog: Tomo-chan told me to watch it.
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN — DAY
text: WAVES are being kicked up by a large PASSENGER SHIP as it speeds on
text: its way. CUT to Asakawa and Ryuji standing on deck
dialog: over
dialog: the waves.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: I should’ve been more careful.
dialog: When I was at your place that
dialog: day, I could feel something
dialog: there. I thought it was just
dialog: because of the video...
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: You mean that Tomoko—
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: That’s not Tomoko. Not anymore.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: Yoichi... he can see them too,
dialog: can’t he?
text: Ryuji nods his head, lowers it sadly.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: It’s all my fault. First Tomoko
dialog: died, then those three others. It
dialog: should have stopped there, but it
dialog: didn’t. Because of me.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: I wonder...
text: Asakawa turns to Ryuji suddenly.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: How did the rumors about the
dialog: video even start in the first
dialog: place?
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: This kind of thing... it doesn’t
dialog: looking out
dialog: start by one person telling a
dialog: story. It’s more like everyone’s
dialog: fear just takes on a life of its
dialog: own.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: Fear...
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: Or maybe it’s not fear at all.
dialog: Maybe it’s what we were
text: secretly hoping for all along.
scene_heading: EXT. PORT — DAY
text: The ship has docked, its GANGPLANK extended. Ryuji and Asakawa walk
text: the length of the gangplank towards the shore. A man named MR.
text: HAYATSU is already waiting for them. He holds up a white SIGNBOARD
text: in both hands.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: Mr. Hayatsu?
speaker_heading: HAYATSU
dialog: Aah, welcome! You must be tired
dialog: after your long trip. Please,
dialog: this way.
text: Mr. Hayatsu leads Asakawa and Ryuji to an awaiting minivan.
dialog: Caption-- “September 18th. Saturday.”
scene_heading: INT. HAYATSU’S MINIVAN - DAY
text: Ryuji and Asakawa sit in the back. Mr. Hayatsu is behind the wheel
text: chattering away.
speaker_heading: HAYATSU
dialog: Back in the old days, the Yamamuras
dialog: used to head fishing boats out in
dialog: Sashikiji, though they don’t much
dialog: anymore. You know, one of Shizuko’s
dialog: cousins is still alive. He’s just an
text: old man now. His son and his
dialog: daughter-in-law run an old-fashioned
dialog: inn. I went ahead and booked
dialog: reservations for y’all, hope that’s
dialog: alright...
text: Asakawa gives the briefest of nods in reply, after which the
text: minivan lapses into silence. Asakawa looks dreamily out at the
text: mountain-studded landscape, then suddenly snaps to.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: (to Ryuji)
dialog: Why did Yamamura Shizuko commit
dialog: suicide?
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: She was taking a real beating
dialog: in the press, being called a
dialog: fraud and all sorts of names.
dialog: After a while she just lost it.
text: CUT to a scene of the minivan speeding along a country road.
scene_heading: INT. HAYATSU’S MINIVAN — DAY
text: Ryuji nods.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: Shizuko was getting a lot of
dialog: attention around the island after
dialog: predicting the eruption of Mt.
dialog: Mihara. Seems that for some time
dialog: she’d had a rather unique ability:
dialog: precognition. It was around then
dialog: that she attracted the attention
dialog: of a certain scholar whom you may
dialog: have heard of; Ikuma Heihachiro.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
text: He was driven out of the university,
dialog: wasn’t he?
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: This Professor Ikuma convinces
dialog: Shizuko to go to Tokyo with him,
text: where he uses her in a series of
dialog: demonstrations meant to prove the
dialog: existence of ESP. At first she’s
dialog: the darling of the press, but the
dialog: next thing you know they’re
text: knocking her down, calling her a
dialog: fraud. Hmph. Forty years later
dialog: the media still hasn’t changed that
dialog: much.
text: Asakawa continues, ignoring Ryuji’s barb.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: I’ve heard this story. But... I’m
dialog: sure I remember hearing that somebody
dialog: died at one of those demonstrations.
text: A strange look crosses Ryuji’s face. He looks away, ignores her
dialog: for a moment.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: After getting kicked out of
dialog: university, Ikuma just vanished,
dialog: and no one’s been able to get hold
dialog: of him since. He’s probably not
text: even alive anymore.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: But, why even try looking for him?
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: Because he’s supposed to have had a
text: child with Shizuko. A daughter.
text: Asakawa freezes. In her mind, she sees a small FIGURE dressed in
text: white, its face hidden by long, black HAIR. It is the figure from
dialog: the video.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE YAMAMURA VILLA - DAY
text: Mr. Hayatsu leads Asakawa and Ryuji to the entrance.
speaker_heading: HAYATSU
dialog: Hello?
text: The INKEEPER, a middle-aged lady named KAZUE wearing a traditional
text: KIMONO, comes shuffling up. She addresses Mr. Hayatsu.
speaker_heading: KAZUE
dialog: Thank you.
text: She turns to Asakawa and Ryuji.
speaker_heading: KAZUE (cont’d)
dialog: Welcome.
speaker_heading: HAYATSU
dialog: Well, I’11l be off then.
text: He gives a little bow and is off. Kazue, meanwhile, has produced
text: two pairs of SLIPPERS, which she offers to Ryuji and Asakawa.
speaker_heading: KAZUE
dialog: Please.
text: Ryuji and Asakawa begin removing their shoes.
scene_heading: INT. YAMAMURA VILLA - STAIRCASE - DAY
text: Kazue leads Ryuji and Asakawa up a shadowed, wooden STAIRCASE.
speaker_heading: KAZUE
dialog: And for your rooms, how shall we...?
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: Separate, please.
speaker_heading: KAZUE
dialog: ‘Sir.
scene_heading: INT. YAMAMURA VILLA - 2ND FLOOR - DAY
text: Kazue gives a little bow.
speaker_heading: KAZUE
dialog: This way.
text: Kazue turns to the right. Almost immediately after reaching the
text: top of the steps, however, a strange look crosses Ryuji’s face.
text: He heads down the opposite end of the corridor, Asakawa close
dialog: behind.
speaker_heading: KAZUE
dialog: (alarmed)
dialog: Sir!
text: Ryuji flings open the SLIDING DOOR to one of the older rooms.
dialog: There,
text: hanging from one of the walls, is the oval-shaped MIRROR from the
text: video, the one used by the mysterious lady to brush her long hair.
text: Ryuji stares at the mirror, almost wincing. He turns around as if
text: to look at Asakawa,but continues turning, looks past her. Asakawa
text: follows his gaze, as does Kazue. Standing at the end of the
dialog: corridor
text: is an old man, MR. YAMAMURA.
text: Yamamura regards them silently, balefully. Breaking the silence,
text: Kazue gestures for Asakawa and Ryuji to follow.
speaker_heading: KAZUE
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Please, this way.
text: Asakawa races past the innkeeper towards the old man. He keeps his
text: back turned towards her.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: Please! If you could just answer
dialog: a few questions, about Shizuko...
speaker_heading: YAMAMURA
dialog: I got nuthin’ to say.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: It’s about Shizuko’s daughter.
text: The old man says nothing.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: She did have a daughter, didn’t she?
text: Yamamura regards her for a moment, then turns to walk away.
speaker_heading: YAMAMURA
dialog: You’re wasting your time.
scene_heading: INT. YAMAMURA VILLA - DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: The TABLE is laid out with an elaborate-looking DINNER. Asakawa
text: sits alone, knees curled up to her chin, eyes wide and frightened.
text: She is whimpering softly to herself. Just then, the DOOR slides
text: open and Ryuji walks in. He sits at the table and picks up a
text: pair of CHOPSTICKS.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: Aren’t you gonna eat?
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: Umm...
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: Hm?
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: You'll stay with me won’t you?
dialog: When it’s time for me to die.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: Oh, stop it.
text: Asakawa scoots across the tatami mats towards the table, grabs
text: Ryuji fiercely by the arm.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: You’1l stay, won’t you? If you
dialog: stayed, maybe you’d learn something
dialog: that could help Yoichi--
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: I said stop it! Have you forgotten
dialog: There was a girl with Tomoko when
dialog: she died? That girl’s now ina
dialog: mental institution. Who knows what
dialog: could happen.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: But you could stay with me, Ryuji.
dialog: You’d be OK.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: Why, because I’m already not
dialog: right in the head?
text: Asakawa releases her hold on Ryuji’s arm, lowers her head. Ryuji
text: slams his chopsticks down angrily.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: If that’s the case, why not just
dialog: let things run its course, get rid
dialog: of father -and- son? Yoichi was a
dialog: mistake, anyway.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: Stop it!
text: Short silence. When Ryuji speaks up again, his voice is soft,
dialog: reassuring.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: We still have two days left...
text: Just then the VOICE of the innkeeper calls tentatively out from
text: the other side of the sliding door.
speaker_heading: KAZUE (0.S.)
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: Come in.
text: Kazue slides the door open. She stands hesitantly in the doorway,
text: something tucked under one arm.
speaker_heading: KAZUE
dialog: It’s about Miss Shizuko.
text: Ryuji shoots a glance at Asakawa and stands up from the table,
text: walks towards the innkeeper.
speaker_heading: KAZUE
dialog: This is all that there is...
text: Kazue produces an old black and white PHOTOGRAPH. The photo shows a
text: WOMAN, seated, dressed in a KIMONO. A MAN in a Western-style SUIT
text: stands beside her.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: Is this Professor Ikuma?
text: Hearing this Asakawa leaps up, walks over to examine the picture for
dialog: herself.
speaker_heading: KAZUE
dialog: ..yes. This picture is from before
dialog: I’d entered the household.
text: She pauses a moment.
speaker_heading: KAZUE (cont’d)
dialog: I should go now.
text: The innkeeper scuttles off, leaving Asakawa and Ryuji alone with the
text: photograph. Unbidden, the VOICE from the video enters their
dialog: thoughts.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Shoumon bakkari... boukon ga kuru zo...
scene_heading: EXT. IZU SEASHORE - DAY
text: Asakawa watches Ryuji stride down the shore.
dialog: Caption-- “September 19th. Monday.”
text: Ryuji strolls up to find old man Yamamura sitting alone, staring
text: out at the sea. Yamamura glances up to see Ryuji approaching.
text: Ryuji takes a seat next to the old man, but it’s Yamamura who speaks
text: first. The deep basso of his voice emphasizes the drawl of his
dialog: accent.
speaker_heading: YAMAMURA
dialog: Y’all’d do best to be off soon.
dialog: Sea’s probably gonna be rough
dialog: tonight.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: What kind of a child was Shizuko?
speaker_heading: YAMAMURA
dialog: Shizuko was... different. She’d come
dialog: out here by herself ever’day an’ just
text: stare out at the ocean. The fishermen
text: all took a dislikin’ to her. Ocean’s
dialog: an unlucky place for us, y’see: every
dialog: year it swallows up more of our own.
dialog: You keep starin’ out at somethin’
dialog: ike that...
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: Shoumon bakkari shite’ru to, boukon ga
dialog: kuru zo. “If you keep playing in the
dialog: water, the monster will come for you.”
text: Yamamura looks at Ryuji, surprised.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
text: Shizuko could see “inside” people,
dialog: couldn’t she? Down to the places
dialog: they’d most like to keep hidden. It
dialog: must have been difficult for her...
text: Yamamura rises unsteadily to his feet, features twisted angrily.
speaker_heading: YAMAMURA
dialog: Please leave! Now!
text: Ryuji stands, takes hold of Yamamura’s arm.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: I’ve got a little of that ability
dialog: myself. It was you who spread the
dialog: word about Shizuko, wasn’t it?
dialog: And you who first contacted
dialog: Professor Ikuma?
speaker_heading: YAMAMURA
dialog: What’re you--?
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: You thought you’d be able to make
dialog: some money off her. You even got
text: some, from one of the newspapers.
speaker_heading: YAMAMURA
dialog: Leave me the hell alone!
text: Mr. Yamamura strides angrily off. Both Ryuji and Asakawa take
text: pursuit, Ryuji calling out from behind Yamamura’s back.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: Tell us about Shizuko’s daughter.
dialog: Who was she?
speaker_heading: YAMAMURA
dialog: I don’t know!
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: She was there, with Shizuko. She
dialog: had to be.
text: Yamamura’s pace, which has become increasingly erratic, finally
text: causes him to stumble and fall. Ryuji comes up behind him,
text: grasping him firmly. At their touch Ryuji’s power awakens, and as
text: he peers into the old man’s mind there is a sudden blinding
speaker_heading: FLASH
text: The setting is a large MEETING HALL. A number of people are seated
text: in folding chairs before a STAGE, on which are a four MEN in
speaker_heading: BUSINESS
text: SUITS and a WOMAN in a KIMONO. A BANNER hangs above the stage,
dialog: which
text: reads PUBLIC DEMONSTRATION ON THE EXISTENCE OF CLAIRVOYANCE.
speaker_heading: FLASH
text: Ryuji eyes widen as he realizes he is seeing Shizuko’s demonstration
text: before the press. He also realizes--
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: (to Yamamura)
dialog: You were there!
speaker_heading: FLASH
text: YAMAMURA SHIZUKO, the woman in the kimono, is sitting at a TABLE
text: onstage. Her face is calm and expressionless. Standing off to one
text: side and peering from behind the curtains is a young Mr. Yamamura.
speaker_heading: RYUJI (0.S.)
dialog: You stood there and watched the
dialog: demonstration.
text: CUT back to the beach. Asakawa comes running up toward Ryuji and
dialog: the
text: prone Mr. Yamamura. Suddenly there is another
speaker_heading: FLASH
text: Asakawa, her eyes wide, finds herself inside the scene, reliving it
text: as if she had actually been there. She watches as Shizuko receives
text: a sealed clay POT in both hands. Shizuko regards the pot a moment
text: and then places it gently on the table before her. She takes a
text: calligraphy STYLUS from the table, begins writing on a thin,
text: rectangular sheet of RICE PAPER. The members of the press talk
text: excitedly, craning their necks for a better look.
text: Onstage, a JUDGE holds up the phrase written by Shizuko and the
text: folded sheet of paper taken from the sealed pot. The phrase on both
dialog: sheets is identical.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Match.
text: Cameras begin FLASHING excitedly. Shizuko’s features melt into a
dialog: soft
dialog: smile.
text: The experiment is performed again, and again the phrase written by
text: Shizuko corresponds to the sealed sheet of paper.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Match.
text: Again and again, Shizuko unerringly demonstrates her power to “see”
text: the unseen. Finally, a bearded REPORTER explodes from his chair
text: begins striding angrily towards the stage.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: Faker! This is nothing but trickery,
dialog: and the lowest form of trickery at
dialog: that.
text: The reporter stops at the foot of the stage, points his finger
text: accusingly at Shizuko.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: What are you trying to pull, woman?
text: A SECOND REPORTER sitting in the front row also rises to his feet.
speaker_heading: REPORTER #2
dialog: That’s right! Professor Ikuma,
dialog: you're being fooled!
text: By now most of the press has risen from their chairs, pointing and
text: shouting angrily. Onstage, Shizuko backs away, eyes wide and
text: frightened. She covers both ears, trying to block out the
dialog: increasing
text: din. Professor Ikuma holds her protectively by the shoulders. The
text: first reporter is still shouting angrily, his voice rising above the
text: others. Suddenly, a pained look crosses his face and he collapses
dialog: to
text: the floor. The crowd, and Asakawa as well, see that the reporter’s
text: face is contorted into a grotesque mask of fear.
speaker_heading: REPORTER #3
dialog: What’s happened?
speaker_heading: REPORTER #4
dialog: He’s dead!
speaker_heading: REPORTER #5
dialog: (to Shizuko)
dialog: Witch!
text: Professor Ikuma begins leading Shizuko offstage. They stop as
dialog: someone
text: unseen steps up, blocking their passage. Shizuko’s eyes widen, her
text: head shaking in disbelief.
speaker_heading: SHIZUKO
dialog: Sadako? Was it you?
text: CUT to Ryuji on the beach. He looks up excitedly.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: Sadako?!
text: He recalls the image from the video, the alien eye with the single
dialog: character SADA reflected in reverse. *
dialog: >* The majority of girls' names in Japanese end in either -mi
dialog: ("beauty")
text: >or -ko ("Child"). Thus, Sadako means "Chaste child." Sadako is,
dialog: of
text: >course, the mysterious daughter of Shizuko and Professor Ikuma.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: Sadako killed him? She can kill
dialog: just with a thought?
speaker_heading: YAMAMURA
dialog: She’s... a devil spawn.
text: CUT back to the demonstration hall. Sadako, her face completely
dialog: hidden
text: by her long hair, runs offstage... and heads directly for Asakawa.
text: Asakawa instinctively raises her arm, and Sadako grasps it fiercely.
text: All the nails on Sadako’ hand are stripped away; her fingers are
dialog: raw,
text: bloody stumps.
text: CUT back to the beach. Asakawa, still caught in the throes of the
text: vision, has begun to swoon. Finally her legs give out and she
text: crumples
text: to the beach. Ryuji grabs hold of her supportively. He glances
dialog: down at
text: her wrist, sees an ugly, purple BRUISE already beginning to form.
text: The bruise is in the shape of five long, spindly fingers.
text: Mr. Yamamura slowly rises to a sitting position, and together the
dialog: three
text: watch the approach of ominous, dark STORM CLOUDS.
scene_heading: INT. MR. HAYATSU’S HOUSE - DUSK
text: Asakawa is on the phone, her voice almost frantic.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: That’s right. After Yamamura Shizuko
dialog: committed suicide, Professor Ikuma
dialog: took the daughter and ran. No, no one
dialog: knows where they went. That’s why I
dialog: need -you- to find out where they are.
text: Even if the professor’s dead, Sadako
dialog: should still be in her forties. I’11
dialog: explain it all later, but right now
dialog: just hurry!
text: Asakawa slams the phone down. PAN to show Ryuji slumped in one
dialog: corner
text: of the room, his back to the wall.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
text: Sadako’s probably already dead. She
dialog: could kill people with just a thought,
dialog: remember? Her mother wasn’t even
dialog: close to that.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: (flustered)
dialog: Well, what about that video? If
dialog: Sadako’s dead then who made it?
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: Nobody made it. It wasn’t made at
dialog: all. That video... is the pure,
text: physical manifestation of Sadako’s
dialog: hatred.
text: Ryuji turns to regard Asakawa, his eyes blank.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: We’ve been cursed.
text: There is a moment of silence before Mr. Hayatsu slides the door
dialog: open,
text: almost falling into the room. He is out of breath, and speaks
dialog: rapidly.
speaker_heading: HAYATSU
dialog: It’s no good. With the typhoon
dialog: coming in, all ships are
text: temporarily staying docked.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: What about the fishing boats?
dialog: Tell their captains I’1l pay.
speaker_heading: HAYATSU
dialog: Fishing boats? Sir, without knowing
dialog: whether this typhoon is going to hit
dialog: us or not, I think it’d be better to
dialog: wait and see how things turn--
text: Ryuji interrupts him, slamming both palms on the table. Glasses
text: rattle wildly.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: Fine! I’1l1 try searching myself!
text: Ryuji stands and races past Mr. Hayatsu out into the rain. Hayatsu
text: takes pursuit, calling after him.
speaker_heading: HAYATSU
dialog: Mr. Takayama!? Mr. Takayama...
text: Asakawa, left alone, stares down at the tatami mats.
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN - NIGHT
text: White-capped waves roll angrily in a black sea.
scene_heading: INT. MR. HAYATSU’S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Asakawa sits at a table, alone, her hands clasped as if in prayer.
dialog: Her
text: eyes are wide and glassy. The phone RINGS suddenly and Asakawa
dialog: dives
text: for it, wrenching it from the cradle before it can ring a second
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: OKAZAKI (0.S.)
dialog: Mrs. Asakawa? I’m sorry. I tried,
dialog: but I couldn’t come up with any
dialog: leads at all.
text: A look of abject fear crosses Asakawa’s face. She begins retreating
dialog: into herself.
speaker_heading: OKAZAKI (0.S.)
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Thank you...
text: Asakawa slowly places the phone back in its cradle. Almost
dialog: immediately,
text: her face begins to crumple. She falls to her knees, sobbing into
dialog: the
dialog: floor.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: Yoichi...
text: She cries a while longer but suddenly stops. Her face, eyes
dialog: streaked
text: with tears, shoots suddenly up, stares directly at the telephone.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Izu...
scene_heading: EXT. IZU WHARF - NIGHT
text: Asakawa stands looking down on the wharf, scanning.
text: Several FISHING BOATS are docked. The wind whips her hair crazily
text: around. She continues scanning, and suddenly she spies--—
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: (calling)
dialog: Ryuji!
text: Asakawa runs down onto the wharf, heading towards Ryuji. He is
text: in mid-conversation with Mr. Hayatsu.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: Ryuji! The phone in my apartment
dialog: never rang! It only ever rang at
dialog: the rental cottage! Professor
dialog: Ikuma must’ve...
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: And we've got no way of going back.
speaker_heading: HAYATSU
dialog: It’s too dangerous! The thought of
dialog: anybody going out in this weather...
text: The three fall into silence as they realize the powerlessness of
dialog: their
text: situation. Suddenly, a deep VOICE booms from behind them.
speaker_heading: YAMAMURA (0.S.)
dialog: I’1l take you out.
text: The three spin around to see Mr. Yamamura, his ROBES flapping in the
text: gusty night air. He begins walking towards them.
speaker_heading: YAMAMURA
dialog: Sadako is callin’ y’all, reckon.
dialog: Mayhap to drag you down under the
dialog: water.
text: Short silence. Ryuji shoots a short questioning glance at Asakawa,
text: turns back to face Mr. Yamamura.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: Please. Take us out.
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN - NIGHT
text: A tiny FISHING BOAT is tossed about on the waves. Mr. Yamamura
dialog: stands
text: at the wheel, his face expressionless.
scene_heading: INT. MR. YAMAMURA’S FISHING BOAT - NIGHT
text: Ryuji and Asakawa are crouched close together in the cabin.
dialog: Asakawa’s
text: expression is dreamy, faraway.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: It’s funny. I’m not afraid at all.
text: Ryuji leans over, rubs her hand comfortingly. Suddenly he switches
text: back into analytical mode.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: Sadako probably died back out there
dialog: at Izu, before the rental cottages
dialog: were ever built.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: So, Sadako was Professor Ikuma’s
dialog: daughter?
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: (nodding)
text: Ikuma smuggled her out in secret.
dialog: His relationship with Shizuko was
dialog: already a scandal, and one of the
dialog: reasons he got drummed out of the
dialog: university... We’ve gotta find
text: Sadako’s body.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: (excitedly)
dialog: Is that going to break the curse?
dialog: Will Yoichi be all right?
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: It’s all we’ve got left to try.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: Just one more day...
text: Ryuji puts his arm around Asakawa.
scene_heading: EXT. MR. YAMAMURA’S FISHING BOAT - DAWN
text: Ryuji stands on deck, looking out over the water. He heads down
text: below toward the captain’s area. Mr. Yamamura is at the wheel.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: We made it. Maybe Sadako doesn’t
dialog: have it out for us after all.
text: Long pause as Mr. Yamamura says nothing.
speaker_heading: YAMAMURA
dialog: Shizuko... she used to -speak- to
text: the ocean, just ramble away. One
dialog: time I hid, listenin’ to one of her
dialog: conversations.
text: Mr. Yamamura pauses again.
speaker_heading: YAMAMURA (cont'd)
dialog: And it weren’t in no human language.
scene_heading: EXT. MR. YAMAMURA’S FISHING BOAT - DAWN
text: Asakawa has climbed out on deck and is looking up towards the
dialog: sunrise.
dialog: Caption-- “September 20th. Monday.”
scene_heading: EXT. HARDWARE STORE — DAY
text: Ryuji races out of the store, loaded down with supplies. He holds a
text: pair of BUCKETS in one hand and a CROWBAR and SHOVEL in the other.
text: length of ROPE is coiled over his left shoulder. He runs towards a
text: RENTAL CAR, passing by Asakawa who stands at a PAYPHONE, receiver in
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: YOICHI (0.S.)
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: Yoichi? It’s mommy. I just called
dialog: to say I’1ll be coming home tomorrow.
text: Ryuji shoots a look at her over his shoulder.
speaker_heading: YOICHI (0.S.)
dialog: I’m tired of it here, mom! I wanna
dialog: go back to school.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Yoichi, it’s rude to your grandpa
dialog: to talk like that.
speaker_heading: YOICHI (0.S.)
dialog: He’s laughing. You wanna talk to him?
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: No, that’s...
text: Asakawa pauses, her voice hitching. She seems about to lose
text: her composure.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: I’m sorry, Yoichi. I’1ll... I’1l
dialog: see you tomorrow.
speaker_heading: YOICHI (0.S.)
dialog: What’s wrong?
text: Asakawa’s face scrunches up in an effort to hold back tears.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: Mommy’s got something she has to do.
dialog: Say hello to grandpa for me, OK?
text: Ryuji stands by the car, scowling over at Asakawa. He shuts the
speaker_heading: DOOR,
text: just short of a slam. CUT to Asakawa hanging up the phone. She
dialog: half-
text: runs towards the rental car and enters the passenger side, staring
text: blankly into space. Ryuji slides into the driver’s seat, buckles
dialog: his
speaker_heading: SEATBELT.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: What time was it when you first
dialog: watched the video?
text: Asakawa glances at her watch.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: Seven or eight minutes past
dialog: seven. PM. No more than ten
text: minutes past.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: If the rumors are true, that
dialog: time is gonna be our deadline.
text: Asakawa buckles up as Ryuji steps on the gas.
scene_heading: INT. RENTAL CAR - DAY
text: Asakawa sits in the passenger side. Her face is almost angelic,
text: with the faintest hint of a smile. Ryuji shoots a questioning look
text: at her.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY ROAD - DAY
text: The white rental car tears past the SIGN reading Izu Pacific Land.
text: The car continues into the LOT, screeching around corners before
text: coming to an abrupt halt. Asakawa, her face still oddly
dialog: expressionless,
text: gets out of the passenger side. Ryuji exits as well, the hint of a
text: shudder running through him as he regards the series of rental
dialog: cabins.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: -Here-.
text: CUT to Asakawa and Ryuji walking up the gravel PATH towards the
dialog: rental
text: cabins. Ryuji looks back over his shoulder as both he and Asakawa
dialog: stop
text: before cabin B4. The cabin is on STILTS, its underbelly fenced off
dialog: by
text: wooden LATICEWORK. Ryuji drops most of his supplies to the ground,
dialog: but
text: keeps hold of the PICK. He raises the pick over one shoulder and
dialog: begins
text: smashing away at the latticework. When he has cleared enough space
dialog: for
text: passage, he begins picking up supplies and tossing them hastily
dialog: within.
text: When finished, he holds a hand out for Asakawa. The two enter the
text: earthen basement.
scene_heading: UNDER COTTAGE B4 - DAY
text: Ryuji pulls a FLASHLIGHT out, flicks it on. The BEAM arcs outwards
text: illuminating what looks more like an old mine shaft than a modern
text: rental cottage. The beam halts when it suddenly encounters an old
text: STONE WELL. The well is badly chipped on one side, and sealed off
text: with a solid-looking stone LID. Ryuji rushes quickly towards it.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: I knew it! The well.
text: He squats down beside the well, setting the flashlight on the
text: lid. Asakawa sinks slowly down beside him.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: The well...
text: Ryuji reaches out and takes Asakawa’s hand. He sets their enclasped
text: hands onto the lid, and together they begin lightly tracing the
text: surface of the lid with their free hands. Asakawa closes her eyes
dialog: in
text: concentration... and suddenly, as with the incident on the beach,
text: Asakawa finds herself drawn into Ryuji’s psychometric VISION.
speaker_heading: FLASH
text: The picture is black and white, grainy like old film. A YOUNG GIRL
dialog: in
text: a WHITE GOWN walks slowly towards an open well. She places her hand
dialog: on
text: the LIP of the well, peers curiously down.
speaker_heading: FLASH
text: Asakawa looks up, her eyes wide open.
speaker_heading: FLASH
text: There is now a second person in the vision, an ELDERLY MAN in an
dialog: old-
text: fashioned tweed SUIT standing behind the young girl. He suddenly
text: produces some BLADED OBJECT, and strikes the girl savagely across
dialog: the
text: back of the head.
text: The girl falls forward. The man drops to the ground, grabbing the
dialog: girl
text: behind the knees and hoisting her limp BODY over the lip and into
dialog: the
text: well. The body falls into its depths.
text: Panting heavily, the man leans forward and grasps the lip of the
dialog: well
text: with both hands, looking down. He flashes a guilty look in either
text: direction, checking that his crime has gone unnoticed, and as he
dialog: does
text: so Asakawa realizes that she knows this face. The image from the
text: videotape, like a face in the moon: it had been Sadako inside the
dialog: well,
text: looking up to see this man staring back down at her.
dialog: This man whose name is Professor Ikuma Heihachiro.
speaker_heading: FLASH
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: Her own father!
text: The energy seems to drain out of Asakawa in a rush, and her body
text: crumbles. Ryuji catches hold of her.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: It was Ikuma who put this lid on.
text: And Sadako’s still inside.
text: Ryuji stands quickly, takes hold of the crowbar. He inserts it
dialog: under
text: the lid and begins trying to pry it off, face scrunched with effort.
text: Asakawa digs her fingers in and lends her own strength as well.
dialog: Slowly,
text: the lid begins to move. Ryuji tosses the crowbar aside and the two
text: lean the combined weight of their bodies into it. The lid slides
dialog: off,
text: dropping to the earth with a dull THUD. Ryuji sits to one side,
dialog: winded
text: with effort, as Asakawa takes hold of the flashlight. She shines it
text: down into the well, but it only seems to intensify the gloom. What
text: WATER she can see looks fetid and brackish. Ryuji sees her
dialog: expression
text: and begins removing his JACKET.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: I’l1l go.
text: He walks off, leaving Asakawa alone.
text: CUT to an overhead shot of the well. A ROPE is fastened to one
dialog: side,
text: and Ryuji has already begun lowering himself down. His eyes wander
text: overthe grime-smeared WALLS, and with a shudder he begins to pick
dialog: out
text: human FINGERNAILS. Torn loose and spattered with blood, countless
text: fingernails line the sides of the well.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: Sadako was alive! She’d tried to
text: climb her way out.
text: Ryuji’s face twists into a grimace as if momentarily experiencing
text: Sadako’sterrible agony. He waits a moment longer before edging his
text: way down the rope again, finally SPLASHING to rest at the bottom of
text: the well. He holds his flashlight above the brackish water, calls
dialog: up
dialog: to Asakawa.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: Lower the buckets!
text: Asakawa nods and lowers two plastic BUCKETS fastened to a rope.
dialog: Ryuji
text: grabs one and scoops up a bucketful of water, tugging on the rope
dialog: when
dialog: finished.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: Take it up!
text: Asakawa hoists the bucket up to the rim of the well. She walks a
dialog: small
text: distance and tosses the contents out onto the ground. She happens
dialog: to
text: glance through the wooden lattice to the outside, and with a start
text: realizes that the sun has already started to set. A nervous glance
dialog: at
text: her WATCH later and she is back at the well, lowering the empty
dialog: bucket
text: to find another full one already awaiting her.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: Take it up!
text: In the well, Ryuji glances at his watch. He looks at it for a long
text: moment, the expression on his face saying We’re not going to make
dialog: it.
text: Time passes as Asakawa pulls up bucketload after bucketload, her
text: strength beginning to fade. She half-stumbles, glances up... and is
text: shocked to realize that NIGHT has fallen.
text: CUT to Asakawa slowly pulling up yet another bucket, her strength
text: almost gone. She looks at her watch and sees that it is now past
text: 6:00. She calls frantically down to Ryuji.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: It’s already six!
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: (explosively)
dialog: I know! Hurry up and TAKE IT UP!!
text: The bucket slowly jerks into motion. Asakawa pulls it up to the rim
text: of the well, holds it unsteadily. She takes one faltering step and
text: falls, spilling the bucket’s contents onto the ground.
text: CUT to Ryuji in the well, standing ready with another bucketful.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: Take it up!
dialog: Nothing happens.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: Asakawa!
text: The bucket begins moving, even slower than before. CUT to Asakawa,
text: her body trembling with effort. By now it’s all she can do to simply
text: keep her body moving. She glances behind her, sees through the
dialog: wooden
text: lattice that it is now pitch black. A look of resignation crosses
dialog: her
text: face and she releases her hold on the bucket, her body crumpling and
text: falling in on itself.
text: CUT to the bucket splashing back into the well, narrowly missing
dialog: Ryuji.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: (fuming)
dialog: What the hell are you doing? Trying
dialog: to get me killed?
text: CUT back to Asakawa, her face dead. Ryuji calls out from the well.
speaker_heading: RYUJI (0.S.)
dialog: Hey!
text: Asakawa falls backward onto the ground, arms splayed. CUT to the rim
text: of the well. Ryuji pulls himself up over the rim, catches sight of
dialog: Asakawa.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: Asakawa!
text: She lifts her head up but says nothing as Ryuji walks over to her.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: We'll change. You’re in no condition
dialog: to keep this up.
text: Asakawa suddenly springs into life. Her voice is frantic, fearful.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA:
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: Who do you expect to pull up these
dialog: buckets, then?
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: But, we don’t even know if it’s doing
dialog: any good...
text: Ryuji strides forward and slaps Asakawa painfully across the cheek.
text: He begins shaking her roughly for good measure.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: And what about Yoichi, huh? Is his
dialog: mother not coming to pick him up
dialog: after all?
text: He releases his hold on her. The two stare at each other a long
dialog: time,
dialog: saying nothing.
text: CUT to an overhead shot of Asakawa being lowered into the well. CUT
text: now to Asakawa inside the well, her face and clothes covered with
text: grime, body simultaneously limp with exhaustion and tense with
dialog: fright.
text: Unable to resist the impulse, Asakawa slowly looks over her shoulder
text: and down into the well. The dankness, the claustrophobia seeps in
text: and she draws in her breath in the first signs of panic.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: Don’t look down!
text: She returns her gaze, cranes her neck upward. CUT to Ryuji leaning
text: over the rim of the well, peering down at her. For an instant,
text: everything becomes monochrome. It’s not Ryuji looking down at her at
text: all; it’s Professor Ikuma, checking to see if she’s still alive or
text: if the blow to the back of her head has finished her off. CUT to
text: Asakawa, her eyes wide with fright.
text: Asakawa comes to rest at the bottom of the well. A FLASHLIGHT hangs
text: from another rope, but its beam has almost no effect on the
dialog: darkness.
text: Asakawa crouches forward, hands moving searchingly through the
dialog: water.
text: She calls out pleadingly.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: Where are you? Please, come out.
text: Asakawa straightens, unties herself from the rope. A full bucket
text: already awaits. She tugs on the rope and Ryuji pulls it up.
text: She scoops up a second bucket, but something stops her from sending
text: it up. Instead, she begins running her arms through the water
dialog: again,
text: her voice close to tears.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: Please. Where are you?
text: Asakawa continues her blind fumbling, which sends up little splashes
text: of stagnant water. With a start, she realizes that her fingers have
text: caught something. Seaweed? Asakawa draws her hands close for a
text: better look... and sees that is HAIR. A thick clump of long, black
dialog: hair.
text: Suddenly a pale, thin ARM shoots out from beneath the water,
dialog: catching
text: Asakawa just below the wrist. Asakawa’s ears are filled with a
speaker_heading: SOUND
text: like moaning as something slowly rises from its watery slumber. It
text: is a GIRL, her face completely hidden by long, black hair. CUT toa
text: shot of Asakawa’s face. Far from being frightened, her features are
text: oddly placid. She regards the fearsome thing before her with an
text: almost tender look. Asakawa reaches out, lightly strokes that long
dialog: hair.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: It’s you...
text: She strokes the hair again, and abruptly it peels right off the head
text: with a loud SQUELCH. Revealed is not a face at all but a SKULL. Its
text: sockets are at first menacingly empty, but then begin to ooze the
text: green SLUDGE it has pulled up from the bottom of the well. Like a
text: mother comforting a frightened child, Asakawa pulls the skeletal
text: remains to her breast, strokes the bony head comfortingly. Her eyes
text: begin to glaze.
text: CUT to Ryuji racing up to the rim of the well, leaning down
dialog: intently.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: Hey! Asakawa! It’s already 10
dialog: minutes past seven! We did it!
text: Down in the well, Asakawa continues staring blankly ahead. Her body
text: suddenly falls forward, limp.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE COTTAGE B4 — NIGHT
text: Three POLICE CARS are parked outside the rental cottages, crimson
text: headlights flashing. A few COPS walk by, two of them carrying
text: something off in white PLASTIC BAGS. CUT to Ryuji and Asakawa
text: sitting on the curb. Asakawa is staring off at something, a BLANKET
text: draped over her shoulder.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: Why would Ikuma have killed her?
dialog: His own daughter...
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: Maybe she wasn’t his daughter at all.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: Maybe her father... wasn’t even human.
text: The two exchange glances. Ryuji’s gaze falls to Asakawa’s WRIST,
text: which he suddenly takes and holds close to his face. The ugly
text: bruise where Sadako had grabbed her has disappeared.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: It’s gone...
text: He shakes his head, clearing his analytical mind of their ordeal.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: Enough, already. It’s over. C’mon.
dialog: I’1l take you home.
text: Ryuji stands, pulls Asakawa to her feet.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE ASKAWA’S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Ryuji’s white CAR pulls up into the parking lot. He and Asakawa
text: get out, regard each other from opposite sides of the car. There is
text: a long moment where neither of them says anything.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: Get some rest.
text: He flashes her the slightest of grins.
speaker_heading: RYUJI (cont’d)
dialog: I still have a thesis to finish.
text: CUT to a shot of Ryuji and Asakawa, the car creating an almost
text: metaphoric distance between them.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: .».thank you.
text: Ryuji nods silently by way of reply. He gets into his car and
text: drives off. Asakawa watches him go, and then walks towards the
text: entrance of her apartment.
scene_heading: INT. ASAKAWA’S APARTMENT - BEDROOM - MORNING
text: Asakawa walks into her room, sits on the edge of her bed. It is
text: now morning, and she sits dazedly watching the sun come up.
scene_heading: INT. RYUJI’S APARTMENT - MORNING
text: Ryuji sits busily scribbling into a NOTEBOOK. He stops writing a
text: moment to regard his notes while taking a sip of COFFEE. He
text: glances over at his BLACKBOARD for confirmation when a small scowl
text: crosses his brow. It’s gone a moment later as he chuckles wryly
dialog: to himself.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: That girl...
text: Ryuji stands, walks over to the blackboard. He fixes Mai’s little
text: prank with a single chalk stroke.
scene_heading: EXT. ASAKAWA’S APARTMENT - VERANDA - MORNING
text: Asakawa emerges, taking in the dawn. At first her face is calm and
text: tranquil... but her features change as the sun almost noticeably
text: darkens and a WIND begins to kick up her hair. She now looks very
dialog: anxious.
dialog: Caption-- “September 21st. Tuesday.”
dialog: NOTE: This next scene is entirely visual. If you are reading this
dialog: translation before watching the movie, do yourself a favor; STOP
text: reading this now and watch the scene for itself.
scene_heading: INT. RYUJI’S APARTMENT - MORNING
text: Ryuji is busy scribbling away at his notes again. His hand suddenly
text: ceases, eyes dancing worriedly as he hears a faint...
dialog: No.
text: Breath rattling fearfully in his throat, Ryuji spins around to face
text: the TELEVISION SET. He gets out of his seat for a better look,
text: falling to his knees on the tatami.
text: The image that fills the screen is the last scene from the
dialog: videotape;
text: the shot of the well.
text: The SOUND from before comes louder now, more insistent, a metallic
text: screeching that both repulses and beckons him closer. Ryuji crawls
dialog: on
text: all fours towards the SCREEN, stares at its unchanging image with
text: terrible foreboding.
text: There is a flash of MOTION as something shoots out of the well. A
text: hand. First one, and then another, as Sadako, still in her grimy
dialog: white
text: dress, face hidden beneath long, oily strands of hair, begins slowly
text: pulling herself out. The television screen jumps unsteadily, fills
text: with static as if barely able to contain her image.
text: CUT back and forth between Ryuji, who is beginning to visibly panic,
text: and the television, which shows Sadako lurching ever closer.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: (almost frantic)
dialog: Why?!
text: The TELEPHONE rings, and Ryuji spins round towards it, breath
dialog: catching
text: in his throat. He looks at the phone, over his shoulder at the
text: television, back to the phone.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: That’s it! Asakawa...
text: Ryuji scrambles wildly towards the phone. He takes the receiver but
text: is unable to do more than clutch it fearfully as his gaze is drawn
text: inexorably back to the television. Sadako’s shrouded face has
dialog: filled
text: the entire screen... and then, television popping and crackling, she
text: jerks forward and emerges from the television onto the floor of
text: Ryuji’s apartment. Ryuji backs away, screaming in terror.
speaker_heading: RYUJI
dialog: Aaargh!
text: Sadako lies prone, collapsed, hair splayed out like a drowned
dialog: corpse.
text: Only her FINGERS are active, crawling, feeling. The TIPS of her
text: fingers are little more than bloodied stumps, not a single
dialog: fingernail
text: on them. She uses the strength in those fingers to pull herself
text: forward, coming jerkily to her feet. The joints of her body twist
text: unnaturally, more insect-like than human.
text: Ryuji flings the phone aside and begins scrambling about the
dialog: apartment
text: as if looking for cover. The strength has already begun to fade
dialog: from
text: his body, however, and his movements are clumsy, exaggerated. He
dialog: falls
text: to the floor, panting heavily.
text: Sadako turns to regard him, and for just an instant we can see
dialog: beneath
text: her impenetrable shroud of hair; a single EYE burns with manic,
text: unbridled hatred.
text: Its gaze meets Ryuji’s, and his face twists into a grimace as he
text: SCREAMS loudly.
speaker_heading: FLASH
scene_heading: EXT. KOUJI’S HOUSE - FRONT YARD - DAY
text: Yoichi sits on the lawn, doodling into a large SKETCHPAD. He
text: suddenly stops, eyes registering that he has somehow felt his
dialog: father’s
dialog: death.
scene_heading: INT. ASAKAWA’S APARTMENT -— DAY
text: Asakawa clutches the RECEIVER to her ear. She can still hear the
text: sounds of metallic SCREECHING coming from the video, though they are
text: now becoming softer.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE RYUJI’S APARTMENT BUILDING - DAY
text: Asakawa comes running down a side street, turning the corner and
text: making for the entrance to Ryuji’s apartment building. There is a
text: single GUARD posted at the entrance. He reaches out, catches Asakawa
text: lightly by the arm.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Are you a resident here, ma’am?
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: I’m Takayama Ryuji’s wife!
text: The guard drops his hand, and Asakawa makes for the entrance.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: I’m sorry ma’am, but they’ve already
text: taken the body away.
text: Asakawa’s spins around, eyes wide. Body?
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY OUTSIDE RYUJI’S APARTMENT - DAY
text: Mai is there, slumped against one wall. Asakawa comes running up,
text: dropping to her knees and grasping Mai by the shoulders.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: What happened?
text: Mai shakes her head dreamily.
speaker_heading: MAI
dialog: When I got here he was just
dialog: lying there...
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: Did he say anything to you? About
dialog: a videotape?
text: Mai shakes her head again, shakes it harder until the breath
text: catches in her throat.
speaker_heading: MAI
dialog: His face...
text: Mai falls into silence, curls up on herself. Asakawa leaves her
text: and crosses toward the door to Ryuji’s apartment.
scene_heading: INT. RYUJI’S APARTMENT - DAY
text: The front DOOR opens wildly, noisily forward. Asakawa comes
text: rushing in, eyes darting about the apartment. She thinks
text: frantically to herself.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA (VO)
dialog: Ryuji... why? Does this mean that
dialog: Yoichi will die, too? Is the curse
dialog: not broken yet?
text: Her gaze falls to the television set. She dives forward, presses
text: the eject button on the VCR. Sure enough, the TAPE is still in
text: the deck. She takes the tape and leaves.
scene_heading: INT. ASAKAWA’S APARTMENT - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Asakawa walks slowly, dreamily forward. She drops the videotape
text: loudly onto the coffee table and slouches into a CHAIR. Her eyes
text: fall to the framed photographs of Yoichi on one of the shelves.
text: This snaps Asakawa out of her daze and she begins whispering
text: intently to herself, thinking.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: I was the only one to break
dialog: Sadako’s curse. Ryuji... why...?
dialog: Something I did that you didn’t...
dialog: Something I did that you didn’t...
text: Asakawa gives up, lowers her face into her hands. When she looks
text: up again, she happens to glance at the television screen-- and
text: its GLARE reveals that there is someone ELSE in the room with her.
text: It is the figure from the videotape, the silent accuser with the
text: cloth draped over its face. With a start, Asakawa realizes that
text: the figure is wearing Ryuji’s clothes.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: Ryuji?!
text: She spins around, but the room is empty. Asakawa’s mind races.
text: The figure had been pointing towards her BAG. She stands,
text: rummages in her bag to produce her copy of the cursed videotape.
text: She takes Ryuji’s COPY in her other hand, her eyes darting
text: between the two tapes.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: Something I did that you didn’t...
text: It suddenly clicks home as Asakawa looks full-on at Ryuji’s
text: version of the tape, plainly marked COPY.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA
dialog: What broke the curse was that I copied
dialog: the tape and showed it to someone else!
text: CUT to Asakawa slowly pulling her VCR from the television stand.
text: A look of almost frightening resolve etches her face.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY — DAY
text: ARIAL SHOT of Asakawa’s car. We hear her VOICE on the cell
dialog: phone.
speaker_heading: ASAKAWA (0.S.)
text: Dad? It’s me. I’m on my way over.
dialog: Look, dad, I’ve got something to ask.
dialog: It’s for Yoichi...
scene_heading: INT. ASAKAWA’S CAR - DAY
text: CLOSEUP on the VCR in the passenger side. CUT to Asakawa at the
text: wheel as time spirals forward, the decisions of the present
text: already become rumor of the future.
speaker_heading: GIRL A (VO)
dialog: They say there’s a way you can stay
dialog: alive after you watch the video.
dialog: You've gotta make a copy of it, and
dialog: show it to somebody else inside a week.
speaker_heading: GIRL B (VO)
dialog: But what about the person you show it
dialog: to?
speaker_heading: GIRL A (VO)
dialog: Well, then they make a copy and show it
dialog: to somebody else. Again, inside a week.
speaker_heading: GIRL C (VO)
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Then there’s no end to it.
speaker_heading: GIRL A (VO)
dialog: That’s just it. There -is- no end. But
dialog: if it meant not dying... you’d do it
dialog: wouldn’t you?
text: Asakawa’s eyes begin to well. Her car speeds along the highway,
text: to the direction of menacing-looking STORM CLOUDS.
dialog: Caption-- “September 22nd. Wednesday.”
text: FADE TO BLACK as the CAPTION turns blood red.
dialog: 
