speaker_heading: THE BODYGUARD
scene_heading: Written by LAWRENCE KASDAN
dialog: Clean Shooting Draft
dialog: February 1992
speaker_heading: FOR EDUCATIONAL
scene_heading: PURPOSES ONLY
text: SCREEN IS BLACK
text: In the darkness we hear dripping water, the echoing
text: approach of two sets of footsteps. There is the sound of
text: a sudden, quick scuffle, a heavy fall of bodies.
text: THREE BOOMING GUNSHOTS. Two from one gun, one from
text: another. So fast and close, they're barely distinguish-
text: able. The sound of the SHOTS ECHOES against concrete
text: walls and dies away. Silence.
scene_heading: SLOW, SLOW, FADE IN:
scene_heading: 1 INT. UNDERGROUND GARAGE (NEW YORK) - NIGHT 1
scene_heading: FRANK FARMER'S FACE -
text: mid to late 30s, peers intently over a smoking gun. He
dialog: is The Bodyguard.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - HIT MAN
text: dead on his feet, leans against a car. A gun drops
text: heavily from his hand. His life ebbs as he slides slowly
text: down the car door to his knees then falls forward, face
text: down on the cement floor.
text: A SLOW PULL BACK reveals that FRANK is lying on top of
text: KLINGMAN. Protectively pressed body to body on the
text: filthy cement floor of the garage. Klingman, a handsome,
text: 50-year-old arbitrageur, gasps in barely controlled fear
text: as his Armani suit soaks up a black pool of oil. There
dialog: is no movement.
text: The two men are lying near the right front fender of a
text: black limousine. Blood spreads from the body of the hit
text: man, a few yards away. Klingman starts to raise himself
text: up but Farmer keeps him pressed to the floor, still
dialog: alert for any further threat.
scene_heading: MAIN TITLES BEGIN.
text: A beat, and VOICES are heard O.S. Farmer wheels, snub-
text: nosed .357 aimed at them.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Freeze!
scene_heading: ANGLE - DOORWAY TO GARAGE
text: A uniformed chauffeur freezes in his tracks. Farmer
text: lowers his weapon and speaks.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (calm, but an order)
dialog: Call 911.
dialog: 2.
text: CAMERA has CRANED UP TO a high, almost-frozen WIDE SHOT of
text: the scene. It TRACKS AWAY INTO darkness.
scene_heading: 2 EXT. CITY STREET - NIGHT 2
text: Passing traffic reveals the storefront of a TV showroom.
text: Inside, behind the reflections of the city lights, all
text: the TV sets are showing the same picture, the glittering
text: image of a woman singing. (We will recognize the woman
dialog: as Rachel Marron.) We cut tighter and tighter on the
text: image until it is almost broken up into its scanning
text: lines. Through the city noise comes the sound of her
dialog: song "I have Nothing."
scene_heading: 2A INT. DAN'S APARTMENT - DESK TOP - NIGHT 2A
text: A battered old desk. Scattered across the top -- a pile
text: of blank white paper, a jar of glue, a stack of
text: magazines, a pair of scissors, a TV remote control,
text: softly in the b.g., a TV is playing the same image we saw
text: in the store window, the same song.
text: Hands appear. Male hands. They open a drawer and remove
text: a pair of translucent rubber gloves. Carefully they put the
text: gloves on. The SNAPPING of the rubber is the only sound.
text: The hands pick a magazine off the stack: Screen Stars.
text: They put the magazine down and pick up the scissors. A
text: headline on the cover reads: "RACHEL MARRON'S GREATEST
text: TRIUMPH!" The scissors start to cut. Meticulously they
text: excise the name "RACHEL MARRON" from the page. With the
dialog: care of a surgeon.
scene_heading: 3 EXT. HOLLYWOOD PREMIERE - NIGHT 3
text: A tumultuous crash of screaming, pushing bodies. Arms
text: stretch out, cameras flash, sunguns flare, microphones
text: are thrust forward. A deafening cacophony of "Rachel!
dialog: Rachel! Rachel! Over here! Over here! This way,
dialog: Rachel! Rachel! Rachel!" We cannot see the object of
text: this frenzy. We catch a brief glimpse of an attractive,
text: well-dressed young woman (NICKI), exiting with the other
text: celebrities, as she is pushed and casually jostled aside
text: by the mass of surging fans and media. Her face is calm
text: and impassive as she watches from the sidelines.
scene_heading: 5 INT. KLINGMAN'S OFFICE DEN - NIGHT 5
text: In a paneled room tastefully hung with a few choice paint-
text: ings that reflect Klingman's success as an arbitrageur,
text: he pours two snifters of brandy as he speaks with Farmer.
dialog: 3.
speaker_heading: KLINGMAN
dialog: Your hands ever shake, Frank?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Sometimes. It's just adrenaline.
speaker_heading: KLINGMAN
dialog: ... How did you know?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I saw him washing the car.
speaker_heading: KLINGMAN
dialog: I saw him.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: They don't wash cars on the
dialog: parking levels.
text: He hands a glass of brandy to Frank, who looks at it.
speaker_heading: KLINGMAN
dialog: You know, I'd like you to stay on.
text: He passes a small sealed envelope to Frank.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I'm not good in permanent
text: positions, my feet go to sleep.
text: The two men smile at each other. They raise their glasses
text: in a joint salutation -- Klingman drinks. Frank doesn't.
scene_heading: 6 INT. DARKENED ROOM - DESK TOP - NIGHT 6
text: The rubber-gloved hands are glueing the word "TIME" onto
text: a message that is taking the classic form of a ransom
text: note. Each word has been cut from a different page and
text: is in a different typeface. The note is being assembled
text: with such care that it has an unusually neat appearance
dialog: and is quite easy to read. It reads:
scene_heading: MARRON BITCH -- YOU HAVE EVERYTHING
text: I HAVE NOTHING. THE TIME TO DIE IS ...
scene_heading: 7 EXT. CHARITY CONCERT - EVENING 7
text: A blur of hands and faces. Excited fans. Pieces of paper,
text: autograph books, notes are thrust forward INTO the CAMERA.
text: Again, a mass chanting "Rachel! Rachel! Rachel!"
text: Hands of Rachel's entourage accept some of the proffered
dialog: items.
text: In CLOSEUP, we see Rachel's hands signing "Best wishes,
dialog: 4.
text: Rachel Marron" on an out-stretched open palm. In the
text: midst of the urgent forest of hands and paper, a be-
text: ribboned black doll is thrust forward, bearing the legend
dialog: "RACHEL, WE LOVE YOU."
scene_heading: 8 EXT. FRANK FARMER'S HOUSE - EVENING 8
text: SLAM of a CAR DOOR. Frank gets out of a cab with two
text: suitcases. His house is a modest stucco affair on a
text: small lot. He goes up the walk and puts down his suit-
text: cases. He looks at rampant foliage and overgrown grass.
text: Supermarket circulars cover his doorstep. He picks up a
text: few and fishes a bunch of keys from his pocket. A
text: curious neighbor peers from behind a net curtain. As the
text: door opens, we are aware of a further pile of mail
text: inside. Frank's feet push the letters aside and go
text: inside. The door shuts.
scene_heading: 10 INT. FARMER'S KITCHEN - NIGHT 10
text: Farmer has carefully set a place for himself at the table
text: in a breakfast nook. A bottle of red wine is open with a
text: glass beside it.
text: At the stove he stirs and flavors a Boeuf Bourgignon and
text: reads a Time magazine. He adds a splash of wine. He
text: lifts the pot from the stove and tries a piece of meat.
text: At the table, he looks at the place setting and absently
text: eats another piece of meat. Finally he sets the pot on
text: the plate and eats from it directly while glancing
dialog: through the magazine.
scene_heading: 11 INT. DRESSING ROOM - CLOSEUP - CORNER OF DRESSING TABLE 11
text: Lots of people are schmoozing in the dressing room.
text: There's a loud buzz of excited chatter. Hands are stack-
dialog: ing flowers, good luck messages, cards and cables by the
text: mirror. Through the blur and bustle, we glimpse the doll
text: with its embroidered ribbon message "RACHEL, WE LOVE YOU."
text: Hands casually move it to one side, among the flowers
text: resting on the small portable TV set. On the screen is
text: an image of Rachel performing on stage, acknowledging
text: applause, bowing.
text: The doll EXPLODES, SHATTERING the TV, the MIRROR and the
scene_heading: LIGHT BULBS.
text: The SCREEN GOES BLACK, amid SHOUTS, SCREAMS and
speaker_heading: CONFUSION.
scene_heading: TITLES END.
dialog: 5.
scene_heading: 12 EXT. FRANK FARMER'S HOUSE - BACK YARD - DAY 12
text: Frank lounges in his shorts under the single tree, sun-
text: glasses on, a glass of iced tea by his side. Strains of
text: "DON'T WALK AWAY RENEE" come from a beat-up transistor
speaker_heading: RADIO.
text: An old-fashioned lawn sprinkler lazily waves water back
text: and forth over the freshly cut grass. Throwing knives
text: lay scattered nearby. A wooden post is sticking out of
text: the ground in front of the fence at the back of the yard.
text: BILL DEVANEY, fiftyish, a distinguished-looking black
text: gentleman, stands nearby trying to engage Frank in a
dialog: conversation that up to this point hasn't been going well.
dialog: He's Rachel's personal manager.
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: So, you won't protect Rachel Marron
dialog: just because she's in show business?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I don't do celebrities.
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: But the biggest money's in show
dialog: business people.
text: Frank says nothing. His eyes are closed behind the sun-
text: glasses. Devaney picks up one of the throwing knives.
text: He holds it carefully by the blade and throws it. It
text: misses the post by three feet and clatters against the
dialog: fence.
text: Frank opens his eyes, sees what's going on and closes his
text: eyes again.
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: (picking up another
dialog: knife)
dialog: Do you really do these things?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Isn't she the one who collects
dialog: dolls?
text: This is enough to distract Devaney from his knife-throwing.
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: (exasperated)
dialog: Farmer, Rachel Marron is one of the
dialog: most famous people in America. She's
dialog: won every music award invented. She's
dialog: got the number one song in the country
dialog: right now and she'll probably be
dialog: nominated for an Oscar in her very
dialog: 6.
dialog: first picture. And you want to know
dialog: 'Isn't she the one...?' Christ,
dialog: man, where've you been?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You mean she doesn't collect dolls?
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: (defeated)
dialog: Yes. She collects dolls.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I thought I knew who she was.
text: Devaney tries to size up whether Frank is kidding him or
text: not. Frank's face betrays nothing. Devaney gestures with
text: a knife.
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: You're probably deadly with these
dialog: things, aren't you?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Deadly.
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: Show me.
text: Frank doesn't move.
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: Why are you resisting this job?
dialog: $2,000 bucks a week.
dialog: (no response)
dialog: $2,500.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: There are several good men
dialog: available for that kind of money.
dialog: Have you talked to Fitzgerald or
dialog: Racine? Portman?
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: Yeah. Portman was interested...
text: He senses an opening and sits down beside Frank for what
text: he takes to be the first serious talk.
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: ... but we're told you're the best.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: There's no such thing.
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: Farmer, we're talking about a
text: very frightened lady. With a
dialog: 7.
dialog: seven-year old son. Believe me,
dialog: I wouldn't be here if I didn't
dialog: think this was for real.
dialog: (long pause)
dialog: Farmer, she begged me to get you.
text: Frank sits up finally and looks at Devaney a long time.
text: He picks up five throwing knives and stands up.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: All right. I'll come and I'll look
dialog: the situation over. If I take it,
dialog: it's three thousand a week.
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: (whistles)
dialog: Okay. You must be very deadly
dialog: for three grand a week.
text: Frank is now about twenty feet from the wooden post. He
text: throws one of the knives. It misses the post and
text: clatters against the fence.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Shit.
text: Devaney's face drops. Frank examines the next knife.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (mumbling)
dialog: I know it's something like...
text: The second knife gets away from him at the top of his arc
text: and disappears into some bushes about three feet from
text: Devaney. Devaney stands up in a hurry and moves behind
dialog: Frank.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Sorry.
text: Frank raises his hand to throw again, then stops and
text: motions Devaney off to the side.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Better not stand right behind me.
text: Devaney smiles weakly. Frank lets the third knife go
text: with one smooth motion.
text: The knife sinks an inch into the center of the post. THUMP.
text: Frank's hand arching again. Throwing the remaining knives.
text: Both knives stick in the post forming a straight vertical
text: line with the first one.
dialog: 8.
scene_heading: 13 EXT. MARRON ESTATE - WAVERLY LANE (BEL AIR) - DAY 13
text: Frank stops his nondescript Chevy across the quiet street
text: from the closed, unmanned gate at the bottom of the Marron
dialog: driveway.
speaker_heading: FRANK'S POV
text: as he looks over the gate, the wall, the heavy vegetation
text: and the rising grounds beyond.
dialog: (NOTE: The use of the term FRANK'S POV, is not to be
text: taken simply as a camera direction. Rather, it re-
text: presents a recurring attempt to make the audience see in
text: the special way Frank sees. Frank lives by constant
text: vigilance, heightened awareness. It is his genius and
dialog: his burden. The audience must be put in the position of
text: looking, searching, scanning with him.)
text: He has a curious sense of being watched, a kind of prick-
text: ling on the back of his neck. As he looks around, a
text: black Toyota 4X4, parked some way down the road, drives
text: rapidly off -- too fast to get a clear look. He watches
dialog: it go.
text: Frank pulls up to the gate and gets out of his car. He
text: grabs a bar of the gate and pulls. The whole gate
text: rattles. Frank gets back in his car and pushes a button
text: on the intercom box at the side of the gate. A MAN'S
text: VOICE CRACKLES out of the BOX. Transmission is terrible.
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Frank Farmer to see Miss Marron.
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Alexander Graham Bell to see Miss
dialog: Marron!
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: (obviously has not heard)
dialog: Have you got an appointment?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: The atomic number of zinc is 30.
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: All right.
text: There is a LOUD BUZZING and the gate swings arthritically
dialog: open.
dialog: 9.
scene_heading: 14 EXT. MARRON ESTATE - DRIVEWAY - DAY 14
speaker_heading: FRANK'S POV
text: as he moves up the winding drive through heavily land-
text: scaped grounds. Plenty of potential hiding places. The
text: mansion is at the top of the hill. The grounds behind
text: the mansion fall away.
scene_heading: 15 EXT. MANSION - CIRCULAR DRIVE/ENTRANCE AREA - DAY 15
text: The mansion is huge. On and on it goes. Frank drives
text: PAST the garage area where HENRY, the chauffeur, is
text: polishing the mascot on the limousine. One of his arms
text: is bandaged. Henry peers at Frank, puts down his cloth
text: and walks toward the entrance where Frank is parking.
text: Frank gets out, looks around. A painter's truck is
text: parked nearby, two painters unloading equipment from it.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Can I help you?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Are you the man on the intercom?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: No. Can I help you?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: My name is Edison. I have an
dialog: appointment with Miss Marron.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Oh. And that was arranged by...?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (impressed)
dialog: Mr. Devaney.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Go right ahead, Mr. Edison.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: What happened to your arm?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (looking at his arm)
text: A doll.
text: He goes back to the limousine.
text: Frank RINGS the DOORBELL, although the door is not shut.
text: EMMA, a fiftyish housekeeper, appears. A man in cover-
text: alls comes out past her, carrying a length of timber.
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: FRANK
text: Henry Ford, to see Mr. Devaney.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Come in, please.
scene_heading: 16 INT. MARRON MANSION - DAY 16
text: Frank steps into the foyer with Emma. She is a warm,
text: matronly woman who does a fine job running the house
dialog: without standing on custom.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: I'll tell you quite honestly,
dialog: Mr. Ford, I don't know where
dialog: Mr. Devaney is. Did he say he'd
dialog: be here?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Then he probably is. Let me look.
text: She leads Frank into a large, unused formal parlor. There
text: are dustsheets over the furniture and the walls are being
text: repainted. On a number of TV screens scattered around,
dialog: Rachel's latest video (the one we saw in the opening
text: titles) is continuously playing. The sound of the song
text: itself -- "I HAVE NOTHING" -- comes softly from concealed
dialog: speakers.
speaker_heading: EMMA
dialog: Please make yourself at home. Can
dialog: I get you anything?
text: Frank demurs and Emma disappears back through the foyer.
text: Frank watches her go, then moves off into the house in
text: the opposite direction. It's obviously undergoing a
text: major redecoration. Painters, decorators and designers
text: come and go, oblivious to Frank's presence.
scene_heading: 17 INT. MARRON MANSION - VARIOUS ROOMS - DAY 17
text: The deeper Frank walks into the house, the warmer and
text: more lived-in rooms appear.
scene_heading: 18 INT. MARRON MANSION - SUN ROOM - DAY 18
text: Frank steps into a tiled room that overlooks the pool
text: area. One wall is all glass. On the opposite wall are
text: shelves containing the trophies of Rachel Marron's career:
dialog: A Tony award, three Grammy's, gold and platinum records,
text: other statuettes and plaques. Among the framed photo-
text: graphs of Rachel accepting awards etc., is one of her and
dialog: 11.
text: her small son, FLETCHER, dressed in a tuxedo. Both are
text: goofing off for the camera with obvious affection. Frank
text: looks down at the pool.
speaker_heading: FRANK'S POV
text: Dwarfed by the pool, the only person in sight is seven-
text: year old Fletcher, the little boy from the photograph,
text: dark-haired and fragile. He is crouched at the side of
text: the pool with the remote control unit for a foot-long
text: speedboat which is cutting across the water. A nanny
text: sits, some way off, embroidering.
text: Frank's attention is distracted. A heavier BASS MUSICAL
text: BEAT comes from somewhere nearby in the house, another
text: Rachel Marron number, but this time up-tempo and bouncy.
text: Frank follows the sound.
scene_heading: 19 INT. FAMILY ROOM - DAY 19
text: Frank walks into the rear of the room that the noise is
dialog: coming from.
text: It is large and comfortable with plenty of seating, a
text: bar, a wall of stereo gear and a projection booth. It
text: is packed with people, props and video equipment. There
text: is lots of activity, a general air of barely-organized
text: chaos. MUSIC BLARES out.
text: A group of six dancers, is rehearsing an energetic dance
text: number for a music video, directed by their choreographer
text: RORY. Sunlight throws them in a silhouette against the
text: glass wall at the end of the room. A video cameraman
text: circles them, taping the rehearsal, which appears on a
text: large-screen TV behind them.
text: In one corner, a pretty black girl is being pinned into a
text: proposed costume for the video. Several people are stand-
text: ing around, tending to the video and playback gear. All
text: the chairs face the far end of the room and it isn't
text: immediately apparent how many more people are hidden among
text: the big cushions.
text: As Frank sits on the barstool at the back, a large swivel
text: chair turns to reveal Devaney. He waves to Frank and
text: makes his way over to him.
text: On the other side of the room, a brawny, heavyset man in his
text: late thirties rises to look at Frank. He has a twenty inch
text: neck. Devaney signals to him that everything is all right.
text: The brawny man looks at Frank a moment more, then sits down.
text: Frank looks around the room. A shelf laden with vitamins.
text: Guitars of various makes. A flute. A gold record being
text: used as a coaster. People smoking and chatting through
dialog: the rehearsal.
dialog: 12.
text: In one of the chairs, a pretty woman in her mid-thirties
text: (NICKI, the woman we saw at the premiere) is knitting.
text: She glances occasionally at the dancers. A man sits next
text: to a phone busily discussing a contract with someone at
text: the other end of the line.
text: The music climaxes and abruptly stops. The dancers hold
text: their dramatic final poses for a second, then relax again.
text: APPLAUSE. The CLAPPING from the front sofa is loudest.
text: Then LAUGHTER.
text: From elsewhere in the room comes the voice of the VIDEO
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR (O.S.)
dialog: Playback, everybody!
text: Rachel's voice comes from the sofa.
speaker_heading: RACHEL (O.S.)
dialog: Come here, Rory!
text: The choreographer skips to the sofa and disappears from
text: sight. Sound of kissing, laughter.
text: The video rewinds on the big screen and the dancers gather
text: round it expectantly.
speaker_heading: RACHEL (O.S.)
dialog: Sugar, that's gonna be great. I
dialog: love the ending...
text: Devaney moves to the front of the room. The PLAYBACK
text: STARTS behind him. There are several overlapping
text: conversations going on.
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: Rachel...
speaker_heading: RACHEL (O.S.)
dialog: Nicki, how'd you like the number?
dialog: You like the end routine?
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR (O.S.)
dialog: Rachel. You wanna see it back
dialog: from the beginning or just the
dialog: ending...
text: NICKI, responds to Rachel's question.
speaker_heading: NICKI
dialog: It was just great, Rory...
text: But Rachel is already replying to the video director.
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: RACHEL (O.S.)
dialog: I wanna see it all. Tony? I'll
dialog: bet Tony loved it.
text: The brawny man, Tony, shrugs and stands to look at Frank
text: as he speaks.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Ehh!
speaker_heading: RACHEL (O.S.)
dialog: Don't worry, Rory. Tony doesn't
dialog: appreciate great art.
text: The pinned-up girl has been brought forward for Rachel's
text: approval, elbowing Devaney a little to one side.
speaker_heading: DRESS DESIGNER
dialog: (showing the costume)
dialog: What do you think, Rachel?
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: Rachel, Frank Farmer is...
speaker_heading: RACHEL (O.S.)
dialog: Devaney, do you think this is me?
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: (not looking)
dialog: It's terrific...
text: Devaney is now facing the unseen Rachel.
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: Rachel, Frank Farmer is here.
text: Devaney nods in Frank's direction. Nicki looks at Frank.
speaker_heading: RACHEL (O.S.)
dialog: Who's here?
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: Frank Farmer.
dialog: (getting no response)
dialog: The bodyguard.
speaker_heading: RACHEL (O.S.)
dialog: I think Rory should be my
dialog: bodyguard.
dialog: (to dress designer)
dialog: Let's see the back again...
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: Rachel, raise your butt out of
dialog: there and meet this man.
text: RACHEL MARRON finally rises from the sofa. It's a bit of
dialog: 14.
text: a shock to see that she is only about thirty years old.
text: A young woman. Not beautiful, not ugly. Unique only in
text: that she is immediately interesting. A Superstar.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Well, I'm up.
text: Rachel and Frank look across the room at each other.
text: Frank comes forward.
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: Frank Farmer, Rachel Marron.
text: Rachel offers her hand and they shake. Rachel looks him
text: up and down.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: You don't look like a bodyguard.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: What did you expect?
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: I don't know. Tough guy maybe.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: This is my disguise.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Well, his timing's good.
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: This is Nicki, Rachel's sister
dialog: and personal secretary.
speaker_heading: NICKI
dialog: Nice to meet you, Mr. Farmer.
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: (indicating)
dialog: ... Tony Scibelli.
text: Tony nods but makes no move to shake hands.
text: Rachel dismisses the Dress Designer.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: (to designer)
dialog: The back's still not right...
text: SPECTOR, still on the phone, offers a perfunctory wave.
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
text: ... Sy Spector, Rachel's publicist.
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Can we get you a drink?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Orange juice.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Straight? Nicki.
text: Nicki goes to the bar. Rachel sits and motions for
text: Frank to sit opposite her.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Rory, I'll be with you in a second.
text: Rory gets up, and goes over to his dancers at the big
text: screen video.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Listen, this whole thing is Bill's
dialog: idea... This sudden obsession with
dialog: protecting me. Tony has always
dialog: handled my security and we've done
dialog: just fine.
speaker_heading: SPECTOR (O.S.)
dialog: (into the phone)
dialog: Yes, I'll hold but not long...
speaker_heading: RORY (O.S.)
dialog: Rachel, you want to run through
dialog: your steps before we go again...?
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: I'll be with you in a second.
text: Nicki hands Frank his orange juice. She looks at Frank as
text: she speaks.
speaker_heading: NICKI
dialog: I think Bill's right, Rachel. It's
dialog: time you took more precautions.
text: Spector enters the conversation.
speaker_heading: SPECTOR
dialog: (one hand covers
dialog: the phone)
dialog: Nicki, I'm sure Mr. Farmer would
dialog: tell you the number of nuts
dialog: writing fan letters jumps every
text: time Rachel is on the cover of
dialog: a magazine.
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: Not like this.
dialog: 16.
text: An ASSISTANT hands Rachel a small sheaf of phone messages,
text: some papers for signature and a pen. Rachel checks
text: through them and signs as she talks.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Relax guys, I said I'd do it. You
dialog: see what I'm dealing with here?
dialog: I'm willing to go along, as long
dialog: as we all understand each other.
dialog: I'm not going to let this alter
dialog: my life one little bit.
dialog: (to assistant)
dialog: Who was this?
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT
dialog: (overlapping Devaney)
dialog: Oh. That was Clive's office.
dialog: They called three times...
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: Honey, that's not going to be a
dialog: problem.
speaker_heading: DEVANEY (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Frank)
dialog: Rachel runs a very informal
dialog: household, we're all on a first
dialog: name basis...
text: Spector has finished up on the phone and jumps in.
speaker_heading: SPECTOR
dialog: ...And I'm sure you'll blend in
dialog: just fine. You can select whatever
dialog: alarm systems you want for the
dialog: house. Some kind of improved
dialog: security for the gate. What else,
dialog: Rachel?
text: Rachel stands and starts to wander over to Rory and
dialog: the dancers.
text: Frank looks at Devaney. Devaney doesn't like the tone
dialog: this is taking.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: I think I'm safe when I'm here at
dialog: the house so I guess the main thing
dialog: will be when I go out. Tony will
dialog: be able to fill you in on all that.
dialog: You two will have to work something
dialog: out. I don't want both of you
dialog: falling all over me everywhere I
dialog: go. The most important thing is
dialog: this -- I will not allow Fletcher
dialog: to be affected by this thing...
dialog: 17.
text: Rory puts his arm around her waist and stands behind her,
text: starting to run through her steps with her in slow motion.
speaker_heading: SPECTOR
dialog: (punching phone)
dialog: I was just going to cover that.
dialog: We'll have to tell the child you
dialog: have some other function...
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: I don't want him to think he's in
dialog: prison. So the house and grounds
dialog: must not be altered in any way.
dialog: He shouldn't be aware that you're
dialog: here. Is that clear?
text: Frank looks at her a long time, glancing up at Devaney
dialog: once.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Miss Marron...
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Rachel.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: There's been a mistake. A
dialog: misunderstanding. If you'll show
dialog: me the quickest way out, we'll
dialog: save each other a lot of trouble.
text: Frank's on his way. Someone brings a silver headpiece on
text: a stand to Rachel. She ignores it, still looking at Frank.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: You can go past the pool.
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: Shut up, Tony.
speaker_heading: FARMER
dialog: Nice meeting you.
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: Farmer, will you wait a minute?
speaker_heading: SPECTOR
dialog: Bill, I don't think we should be
dialog: begging this guy for his services.
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: Sy, I'm handling this.
text: Rachel looks on coolly as Frank slides open the glass door.
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: Farmer, will you wait a minute?
dialog: 18.
scene_heading: 20 EXT. MARRON GROUNDS - BACK LAWN - DAY 20
text: Frank is walking rapidly away from the window wall, down
text: the slope. Devaney is scurrying to keep up.
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: Farmer, will you wait a minute? I
dialog: should have told you more. I'm
dialog: sorry but I was afraid she wouldn't
dialog: go through with it. I thought I'd
dialog: let the two of you work it out...
dialog: come to an understanding.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: We did.
text: Frank starts to walk off. Devaney is grasping at straws.
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: She's not a bad person, and whether
dialog: she knows it or not, she needs you.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: You've come this far... Would you
dialog: just wait here for one minute. I
dialog: want to show you something. Please,
dialog: Farmer.
text: Devaney runs back to the house.
scene_heading: 21 EXT. POOL AREA - DAY 21
text: Fletcher, happy to have someone to talk to, walks up to
text: Frank with his remote-control speed boat. Frank would
text: like to walk away, but Fletcher blocks his way. Frank
text: looks at Fletcher's frail little, nut-brown figure. The
text: watching nanny continues her embroidering, some way off.
speaker_heading: FLETCHER
dialog: Hi!
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (continuing to walk)
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: FLETCHER
dialog: How are you today?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (wants to keep walking)
dialog: All right. How 'bout yourself?
speaker_heading: FLETCHER
dialog: Oh, I'm fine. Do you like boats?
dialog: 19.
text: Frank gives up. He's not going to get out of here. He
dialog: stops.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: No. I don't like boats.
speaker_heading: FLETCHER
dialog: You don't! Why not?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Oh, I don't know.
speaker_heading: FLETCHER
dialog: Sure you do, but you don't want
dialog: to tell me.
text: Frank considers him, then slips out of his sport coat.
text: He crouches down so that he is eye-level with Fletcher.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You're a smart kid.
text: Fletcher nods.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I'll tell you. One time I was
text: stuck on a boat with some people
dialog: for four months.
speaker_heading: FLETCHER
dialog: A lifeboat?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Nope. A big white yacht. Do you
dialog: know what a yacht is?
speaker_heading: FLETCHER
dialog: (thinks about this)
dialog: Yeah. My mom rented this huge
dialog: yacht once, and we took a trip.
dialog: It was great. Everyone threw up
dialog: except me. I love 'em.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (standing to leave)
dialog: Well, nobody's perfect.
text: Fletcher squints up at him, the sun in his eyes.
speaker_heading: FLETCHER
dialog: You're the bodyguard, aren't you?
text: Frank is surprised.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: What do you know about it?
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: FLETCHER
dialog: I've got ears.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I'll remember that.
text: Devaney trots into the pool area, out of breath. He is
text: holding a bulging manila file. As he sees Fletcher, he
text: holds the file casually at his side.
text: Frank sees Fletcher looking at the file.
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: How are you, Fletch?
dialog: (to Frank)
dialog: I'm glad you waited. Let's go
dialog: over here.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (to Fletcher)
dialog: Nice meeting you.
text: Fletcher looks after them silently.
scene_heading: 22 EXT. PATIO - DAY 22
text: Devaney slides the file across the table at Frank, open-
text: ing it. Inside are letters of every size and condition.
text: Repeatedly throughout this scene Frank's gaze is drawn to
text: Fletcher, who has started his boat again.
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: This is just in the last six months.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (looks at the pile)
dialog: Have you ever tried having these
dialog: professionally assessed?
text: Devaney shakes his head no.
text: Frank begins to look through the letters, flipping them by
text: the corner of the page. From many different sources, some
text: are scrawled, some typed, some assembled from cutouts.
text: Many are soiled and torn, others immaculate. Occasionally,
text: one will have a photo of Rachel with crude markings on it.
text: Spector enters sucking on a popsicle. He comes to stand
text: over Frank's shoulder, peering nonchalantly at the piles
dialog: of letters.
speaker_heading: SPECTOR
dialog: Devaney says you were in the Secret
dialog: Service.
text: Frank nods.
dialog: 21.
text: Frank goes through them quickly, with an expert eye. He
text: sometimes pauses to read one more carefully. A few he
text: removes from the stack and places in the center of the
dialog: table.
speaker_heading: SPECTOR
dialog: Ever guard the main man?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I was two years with Carter and
dialog: four years with Reagan.
text: Frank sets another letter in the center pile. He stops,
text: smiling at it.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: This is a little old lady in
dialog: Akron. She's written to
dialog: everybody I've ever worked for.
text: He continues to turn until something stops him. Several
text: letters are paper-clipped together. They are the pasted-
text: up type we saw being assembled on the desk top.
speaker_heading: SPECTOR
dialog: Reagan got shot.
text: His chatter is beginning to annoy Frank.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Not on my shift.
text: Spector emits a gratuitous laugh, acknowledges the joke.
speaker_heading: SPECTOR
dialog: That's good.
text: Frank goes back to his letters. He taps the stack in
text: the center of the table.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: At first glance, these don't
dialog: bother me. But keep them. You
dialog: never know.
text: He separates one letter from the others.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: This could be something.
text: Devaney searches Frank's face.
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: You think it could be the same
dialog: guy? The one who rigged the doll?
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I don't know. Did you tell Miss
dialog: Marron about it? Does she know
dialog: about the doll?
text: Devaney and Spector exchange looks. This is evidently a
text: sore point between them.
speaker_heading: SPECTOR
dialog: We said there'd been some electrical
dialog: problem while she was on stage.
dialog: Short circuit. Look, she doesn't
dialog: need that kind of worry right now.
dialog: It would upset her.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: What about the police?
speaker_heading: SPECTOR
dialog: There was no reason for the police.
dialog: No one got hurt.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: What about the chauffeur?
speaker_heading: SPECTOR
dialog: It was nothing. It was just our
dialog: people there.
text: Frank turns and watches Fletcher by the pool. Devaney's
text: eyes are still on Frank's face.
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: Sy, I think we should show him
dialog: the room.
scene_heading: 23 INT. ROOM - DAY 23
text: Frank follows Spector and Devaney into the room. He
text: glances around, taking in the murals, the decor, the
text: kitsch attempt at fornicatorial splendour right from
text: the pages of a tabloid layout.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Is this her bedroom?
speaker_heading: SPECTOR
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
text: No. She sleeps in a room next to
text: Fletcher's down the hall. Sy had
dialog: this done for a magazine layout,
speaker_heading: SPECTOR
dialog: 'Superstars in their Boudoirs.'
dialog: 23.
dialog: Did you see it?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: Rachel never liked it.
speaker_heading: SPECTOR
dialog: She didn't have to like it...
text: Devaney gently lays the cut-out letter on the bed.
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: We found the letter here.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Somebody was in here?
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: Somebody broke in and ...
text: masturbated on the bed.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: And she doesn't know about this
dialog: either?
text: Devaney shakes his head.
speaker_heading: SPECTOR
dialog: Are you kidding? This would really
dialog: freak her out.
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: What do you think?
speaker_heading: FRANK
text: Someone penetrates the house, gets
text: upstairs and jerks off on the bed
dialog: ... I'd say that qualifies as a
dialog: problem.
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: What kind of problem?
speaker_heading: SPECTOR
dialog: (agitated)
dialog: Of fuck, we don't need this now...
speaker_heading: FRANK
text: This house is wide open.
speaker_heading: SPECTOR
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I said this house is wide open
dialog: 24.
dialog: and you people have no clue what
dialog: real security is or what it takes
dialog: to achieve it.
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: (does a quick read
dialog: on Frank)
dialog: Frank, I totally respect what
dialog: you're telling me. Tell me how
dialog: you want to work and I'll
dialog: accommodate you.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Look, I can't protect her. I won't
dialog: be responsible for her safety if
text: she doesn't know what's going on.
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: I'll talk to her, I'll make her
dialog: understand. I can do that.
speaker_heading: SPECTOR
dialog: No. I'll talk to her.
text: Spector exits the room in a huff.
scene_heading: 24 EXT. MARRON HOUSE FRONT - DAY 24
text: Frank emerges with Devaney and crosses toward his car.
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: ...She won't give you any static,
dialog: Frank, you've got my word on that.
text: Frank is still focused on Fletcher.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Sure she will.
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: So what job's perfect? You're
dialog: a bodyguard, aren't you?
text: Slowly, Frank faces him.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Yeah.
text: As they reach the car, Devaney is relieved. He dares a
dialog: perfect smile.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Devaney, if you ever lie to me
dialog: again, I'll take you apart.
dialog: 25.
scene_heading: 25 INT. MARRON MANSION - FRANK'S ROOM - DAY 25
text: Henry Dupres is leaning against the doorjamb. The room
text: is comfortable, a guest bedroom. Frank flops one
text: battered suitcase onto the bed and opens it. He pulls
text: open some drawers in the dresser and starts putting away
dialog: his clothes.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Why'd you say your name was
dialog: Edison?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I wanted to see how hard it
dialog: was to get in.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: And it wasn't, was it?
text: Henry unconsciously flexes his fingers, easing the muscles
text: in his hands. Frank notices and pulls out a small tube of
text: ointment from a pouch he's unpacking. He hands it to Henry.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Put this on your arm. It'll help
dialog: the ache.
text: Henry takes it but is noncommittal.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I'll bet you can fill up a whole
dialog: day just washing the cars and
text: driving Rachel Marron around town.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: That's my job.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: We're adding to your duties.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You're my new assistant.
text: Frank removes three boxes of cartridges from the suitcase
text: and puts them in the back of a dresser drawer as Henry
dialog: watches.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Says who?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Henry, I've spent a lot of time
dialog: guarding people all over the world
dialog: 26.
dialog: and I've found one thing to be
dialog: true. No matter how incompetent
dialog: the assassins, no matter how much
dialog: they miss their target by, there's
dialog: one person who always gets hit.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: FRANK
text: The cocky black chauffeur.
text: Henry considers this for a moment and smiles.
text: OVER scenes 26-28, we hear the VOICE of CNN's MARTIN
text: GROVE from "Showbiz Today."
speaker_heading: MARTIN GROVE (V.O.)
dialog: It's Oscar time again, folks, and
text: with Academy members marking their
dialog: ballots today for this year's
dialog: nominations; some canny tipsters in
dialog: Vegas have announced their picks
dialog: for the Awards.
speaker_heading: MARTIN GROVE (V.O.)(CONT'D)
text: Echoing the prevailing buzz in
dialog: Hollywood, the Vegas Hilton is
dialog: gambling on one sure thing at
dialog: least. Newcomer Rachel Marron
dialog: is tipped at 3 to 1 to lead this
dialog: year's Best Actress runners.
speaker_heading: MARTIN GROVE (V.O.)(CONT'D)
dialog: The sultry singer made a notable
dialog: acting debut last fall in Queen
dialog: Of The Night, singing the hit song
dialog: 'I Have Nothing'. The lady may
dialog: end up eating her words if she
dialog: takes home that statuette March
dialog: 20th...
scene_heading: 26 EXT. PERIMETER OF ESTATE - VARIOUS SHOTS - DAY 26
text: The fortification of the estate begins as Frank and
text: Henry walk the grounds. Frank talks and points, Henry
text: takes notes on a pad. Frank gestures at the stonework
text: of the gate, points at the top of the stone wall along
text: Waverly Lane. At the tall hedges which separate the
text: estate from its neighbors, Frank gestures to take in
text: the entire length of the hedged border. Henry stops
text: in amazement. Frank keeps walking.
scene_heading: 27 EXT. MARRON ESTATE - POOL AREA - DAY 27
dialog: 27.
text: Fletcher stands at the edge of the terrace, staring down
text: across the rear grounds.
speaker_heading: FLETCHER'S POV
text: Frank and Henry are down there conferring about the
dialog: fence.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
text: appears beside Fletcher, looks down there too, then leads
text: her son purposefully away. Fletcher isn't happy about it.
scene_heading: 28 INT. MARRON MANSION - VARIOUS SHOTS - DAY 28
text: Frank tours the house with Emma and Henry. Frank opens
text: various doors, fidgets with locking mechanisms. Emma
dialog: finds it all exciting.
scene_heading: 29 INT. MARRON ESTATE - POOL HOUSE/BALLET STUDIO - DAY 29
text: A small room at one end of the pool house has been fitted
text: with a wall mirror and ballet exercise barre. A STEREO
text: plays exercising MUSIC.
text: Nicki, dressed in leotards, is doing pre-aerobic stretch-
text: ing exercises. Frank appears outside the window. Nicki
text: waves him in. Unseen by Frank, a huge St. Bernard lays
text: in the front of the door. He muscles his way in, the dog
text: never moves, just slides along the floor as Frank pushes
text: the door open. Frank looks the room over.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Unusual tactic for a guard dog,
dialog: but effective.
text: Nicki smiles, gesturing him in.
speaker_heading: NICKI
dialog: You can look around if you like.
text: Frank indicates it won't be necessary. Nicki stops
dialog: working out.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I'm sorry to disturb you.
speaker_heading: NICKI
dialog: That's all right. It's an excuse
dialog: to rest. It's my private place.
dialog: I'm the only one who works out
dialog: around here.
text: Frank glances at photos on one wall. Most are of Nicki
text: from years ago; some show her performing with a band.
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: NICKI
dialog: My own ego wall. No platinum
dialog: records.
text: Frank spots a picture of two girls.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You and Rachel?
speaker_heading: NICKI
dialog: When I was a kid, I put a little
dialog: band together. We played high
dialog: school dances, stuff like that.
text: Then Rachel joined the act. As
dialog: you can imagine, she was quite a
dialog: little entertainer. Even then,
dialog: she had a way of stopping the show.
dialog: So I kind of quit. Professionally,
dialog: anyway.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You never went back?
speaker_heading: NICKI
dialog: It was pretty obvious who the
dialog: star in our family was.
text: Frank looks back at the picture. Nicki smiles.
scene_heading: 30 EXT. MARRON ESTATE - GARAGE AREA - DAY 30
text: Frank and Henry walk toward the closed garages.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: That depends on what you call a
dialog: 'hint.'
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I don't want anyone on the street
dialog: to be able to look at the cars and
dialog: know who owns them.
text: Henry leans in a doorway and hits a master switch. The
text: three doors of the garage start to rise in sequence.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I don't think there's anything
dialog: here you'd call a 'hint.'
text: One at a time the doors go up to reveal:
dialog: First garage -- the Cadillac limousine we've seen earlier.
speaker_heading: License: RACHEL 2
text: Second garage -- a gray Mercedes. License: RACHEL 3
dialog: 29.
text: Third garage -- a Jaguar XKE in an outrageous pink. No
dialog: other car in the world is this color. License: RACHEL 1
text: Frank looks at Henry, who is laughing and shakes his head.
text: He walks toward the Jag.
text: Frank releases the hood. He looks inside for a moment,
text: then reaches into the guts of the engine. He fiddles for
text: a second, then stands up holding some wires and slams the
text: hood shut again. He gestures toward the other two cars.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Get new plates for those two.
scene_heading: 31 EXT. GATE AREA - DAY 31
text: The fortification continues as workmen use a bulldozer to
text: clear away the stonework around the entrance.
scene_heading: 32 EXT. DRIVEWAY OF MARRON ESTATE - DAY 32
text: Sitting beside Henry, Frank teaches him how to spin the
text: limo in a 180 degree 'skid turn,' sending up clouds of
text: dust. A group of roadies watching bursts into spontan-
dialog: eous applause.
scene_heading: 33 EXT. GATE AREA - DAY 33
text: Fletcher sits on the grass about halfway to the house,
text: watching the activity with delighted interest.
text: He turns as he spots something beyond the hedge.
speaker_heading: FLETCHER'S POV
text: Workmen put up a seven-foot cyclone fence. Across the
text: road, a black Toyota 4 X 4 is stopped. It slowly pulls
text: away. We can't see inside it.
scene_heading: 34 EXT. GATE AREA - DAY 34
text: One worker pries a small boulder out of a hole with a
text: crowbar. His partner picks up the rock and tosses it
text: on a small pile of rocks. The boulder bounces down the
text: backside of the pile.
scene_heading: 35 INT. RACHEL'S BEDROOM - DAY 35
text: Rachel, looking out her window at Fletcher and the work-
text: men, sees the rock stop a yard from him. Fletcher
text: scrambles away, much as a kid might dance back from a
dialog: 30.
text: wave on a beach. The sight disturbs Rachel.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Fletcher! C'mon. Back in here!
text: As she speaks, some workmen test the remote control on a
text: window shutter. It descends in front of Rachel's face.
text: She is not amused. Fletcher passes Frank on his way to
text: join Rachel. He mutters almost under his breath.
speaker_heading: FLETCHER
dialog: I think he's got a black 4 X 4. Could
text: be a Chevy. More like a Toyota.
text: Frank stares at Fletcher, then looks back to the street.
scene_heading: 36 INT. F.B.I. LOS ANGELES OFFICE - CONFERENCE ROOM - DAY 36
text: The room is dark. An opaque projector throws an image
text: onto a screen; it is a letter threatening Rachel's life.
text: We hear voices. One is Frank's; the other two belong
text: to special agents RAY COURT and TERRY MINELLA.
dialog: The letter is one of the pasted-up threats we saw being
text: assembled earlier. It reads:
scene_heading: MARRON BITCH -- YOU HAVE EVERYTHING
text: I HAVE NOTHING. THE TIME IS COMING
dialog: WHEN YOU SHALL DIE...
dialog: Reading as fast as possible, we pick up some vicious
dialog: threats and obscenities, but we don't have time to read
dialog: it all before we...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: FRANK'S FACE
text: illuminated by the screen.
speaker_heading: COURT (O.S.)
dialog: This is another of the ones we
dialog: think are worth pursuing. Lots of
text: work went into it. No prints.
dialog: We're doing lab work on it. It
dialog: could be nothing.
speaker_heading: MINELLA'S FACE
text: is illuminated above the projector.
speaker_heading: MINELLA
dialog: This is the one you think is tied
dialog: to the doll?
speaker_heading: FRANK (O.S.)
dialog: That's what her manager thinks.
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: COURT (O.S.)
dialog: This 'I Have Nothing' business is
dialog: a natural with the record and
dialog: movie and all.
text: The projector light goes off and the room light goes on.
text: The room is practically bare.
text: Ray Court, a prematurely white-haired, career civil
text: servant, raises the window shade. Sunlight streams
text: in. On Court's lapel is a tiny P.T. Boat pin.
text: Terry Minella, a slight, dark 35-year-old, offers Frank
text: a cigarette; Frank declines, Minella lights up.
speaker_heading: COURT
dialog: I sort of lost track of you after
dialog: Washington.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: COURT
dialog: How's the private stuff?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (noncommittal)
dialog: Fine.
speaker_heading: COURT
dialog: Big money, I bet? Huh?
text: Frank shrugs. Court looks at Minella knowingly.
scene_heading: 37 INT. FEDERAL BUILDING - DAY 37
text: Minella and Court walk Frank to the lobby.
speaker_heading: COURT
dialog: Shit. I knew it. It is big money.
dialog: Fuck! You need an assistant? I'm
dialog: ready to get out. I've lost my
dialog: tolerance for assholic behavior.
dialog: You should see the jerk we're
dialog: covering now...
speaker_heading: COURT
dialog: 'Hellfire Henry' Kent...
speaker_heading: MINELLA
dialog: Shh! Somebody wants to pop him...
speaker_heading: COURT
dialog: Which isn't exactly surprising,
dialog: considering what the shithead's
dialog: 32.
dialog: been saying.
speaker_heading: MINELLA
dialog: Yeah! Do everyone a favor...
dialog: (he coughs,
dialog: ironically)
dialog: As you know, we're nonpolitical
dialog: these days.
text: The three men laugh easily together. They have reached
text: the lobby doors.
speaker_heading: COURT
dialog: (to Frank)
dialog: We'll put this stuff through
dialog: Washington. Behavioral Sciences
dialog: should have something in a few days.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Thanks.
dialog: (a pause)
dialog: Ray?
speaker_heading: COURT
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Why am I getting all this
dialog: cooperation?
speaker_heading: MINELLA
dialog: She's a big star. Important
dialog: people care about her.
speaker_heading: COURT
dialog: Politics and show business are
dialog: practically the same these days...
dialog: Got any crowd photos we can use?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I'm trying to keep her away from
dialog: crowds.
speaker_heading: COURT
dialog: Good luck.
scene_heading: 38 INT. THE IVY - DAY 38
text: It's busy. Lots of customers arriving, leaving and
text: seated at tables. Waiters criss-cross the terrace. Near
text: the entrance, Rachel is saying goodbye to a middle-aged
text: WOMAN. Frank stands nearby with Nicki. The Woman says
text: something to Rachel, who turns and looks at Frank.
text: Rachel whispers something to the Woman and they both
text: laugh. They kiss and Rachel moves toward the entrance.
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: (an afterthought;
dialog: phony)
dialog: Goodbye, Nicki. So great to see you.
text: Nicki waves and follows Rachel. Frank stays very close
text: without seeming to walk with Rachel.
text: A little girl darts into their path and approaches Rachel.
text: Rachel glances at Frank, who has stopped with her, then
text: she signs an autograph for the girl. The girl's mother,
text: close behind her, hands a small camera casually to Nicki
text: to be photographed as she and her daughter pose with
text: Rachel. Frank watches Nicki quietly comply.
text: Rachel, Spector and Frank all reach the front entrance
text: together, and Frank slips out first, glancing around.
text: Rachel comes out and passes within inches of him.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: I'm surprised you didn't plug them.
scene_heading: 39 EXT. THE IVY - DAY 39
text: Rachel attracts the usual stares from passersby. As
text: they reach the limousine, Frank continues scanning the
text: street. Tony stares at him, uncomprehending.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: (impatiently)
dialog: Hey, let's go.
text: Frank takes a last look then gets into the front seat
text: next to Tony.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (across Tony)
dialog: O.K. Henry, let's go.
text: Tony looks at Frank, eyes narrowing.
text: From across the street, we see the limo pull away. As
text: the shot clears, the dark shape of another vehicle
text: appears, slowly moving into frame over the top of the
dialog: camera.
scene_heading: 40 INT. FRONT SEAT OF LIMO - DAY 40
text: Frank sits beside Tony, next to the door. Tony speaks
text: to him in a near whisper.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Let me set you straight on a few
dialog: things. For starters, I love this
dialog: lady... What I do for her I do for
dialog: 34.
dialog: love. I'm not some hired fuckin'
text: gun who is out to make her life
dialog: miserable.
text: While Tony speaks, Frank's eyes dart to the side mirror;
text: his gaze never leaves it.
scene_heading: FRANK'S POV - BLACK TOYOTA
text: appears in the rearview mirror.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I do things the way she likes.
dialog: Her happiness is everything to me.
text: Frank speaks while concentrating on the mirror.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: No problem. I'd like to know how
dialog: you handle things, Tony.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I handle things fine, Frank. You
dialog: watch me and you'll learn something.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (to Henry)
dialog: Turn left.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Is that him?
text: Frank shakes his head, he's not sure. Tony reacts.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Hey, what's going on?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Shortcut.
scene_heading: FRANK'S POV - TOYOTA IN REARVIEW MIRROR
text: As the limo turns, the 4 X 4 follows them into the turn.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - FRANK
text: whispers to Henry.
speaker_heading: FRANK
text: Slow down, very slow.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: You want me to do a one-eighty?
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: No, just slow down.
text: The car slows.
scene_heading: ANGLE - SPECTOR AND RACHEL IN BACK
text: They look up from some papers.
speaker_heading: SPECTOR
dialog: Why are we stopping? Are we here?
text: Behind them, THROUGH the rear window, the 4 X 4 can be
text: seen. Sensing something, it makes a sudden TIRE-
text: SCREECHING left turn, disappearing behind them.
scene_heading: 41 EXT. MARRON ESTATE - DAY 41
text: The limo enters the gate where workmen are rigging a
text: large fence.
scene_heading: 42 INT. LIMO - DAY 42
text: Frank speaks to Henry.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Stop here... Take them to the
dialog: house.
text: Frank jumps out and jumps a hedge, racing toward the lawn
dialog: and work area.
scene_heading: ANGLE - TONY, RACHEL AND SPECTOR
text: As the car pulls away they see Frank running wildly across
dialog: the property.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: What's with him?
scene_heading: 43 EXT. MARRON ESTATE - DAY 43
text: As Frank comes through some bushes, he suddenly catches a
text: glimpse of the 4 X 4 through the trees. It starts to
dialog: accelerate.
text: As it pulls away (it is too far to record the license
text: number), he breaks into a full run toward the other end
dialog: of the property.
text: Leaping hedges, Frank crashes through tropical vegetation.
text: CRASHING through a bamboo forest, he scurries down a
text: steep wooded slope toward the road below. The 4 X 4 can
text: be glimpsed through the trees as he runs to head it off.
dialog: 36.
text: A retaining wall about 14 feet high rises from the road
text: to the slope. Without a pause, as the car speeds beneath,
text: Frank leaps and drops the full distance to the road. The
text: 4 X 4 ROARS PAST just missing him and turns a corner.
text: Hitting hard, Frank allows his knees to take the force of
text: the fall, deliberately rolling once before he springs
text: into a crouched upright position.
text: But the 4 X 4 speeds around a corner and is gone.
scene_heading: 44 INT. MARRON ESTATE - DAY 44
text: The fortification continues as workmen tighten screws,
text: install electrical wiring, test alarms. As Frank watches
text: over the work, we see him show Henry how to wear a SURV
text: KIT communications system.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Keep this loose.
text: Fletcher comes to take a look too. He peers up at Frank,
text: expectantly.
speaker_heading: FLETCHER
dialog: Tell me about the car?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Toyota. Black.
speaker_heading: FLETCHER
dialog: Four wheel drive? Late model?
text: Frank nods. Fletcher looks pleased.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: One snag though.
text: Fletcher's face falls.
speaker_heading: FLETCHER
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: 360,000 of them in Los Angeles. I
dialog: checked. Nice work, though.
speaker_heading: FLETCHER
dialog: (shrugging)
dialog: Well, nobody's perfect, Frank.
dialog: Are they?
dialog: (gesturing to the
speaker_heading: SURV KIT)
dialog: Can I try that?
dialog: 37.
scene_heading: 45 EXT. MARRON ESTATE POOLSIDE - DAY 45
text: Rachel has been watching Fletcher and Frank down the
text: hill. Now she leans back on the chaise lounge where
text: she is sunning, trying to listen to a new song on a
dialog: Walkman.
text: There is the SCREECHING howl of a DRILL on METAL from
text: the direction of the house. Rachel jumps up and yells
text: toward the house.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Shut up you assholes!
scene_heading: 46 INT. RACHEL'S BEDROOM - DAY 46
text: A mild-looking OLD LOCKSMITH is working on Rachel's
text: window. Rachel walks in from the pool, starting to
text: peel off the swimsuit. She stops, startled, as she sees
text: him. This is the last straw. She blows up.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: (clutching the
dialog: swimsuit)
dialog: You! You! Out! Out! Now! Out
dialog: of here! Get out!
text: Terrified, the Old Locksmith drops his tools and begins
text: backing out of the room.
speaker_heading: OLD LOCKSMITH
dialog: Yes, ma'am. Thank you. I'm a real
dialog: fan of yours, Miss Marron.
text: Still angry, but disarmed, Rachel makes a face.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Then you can take your tools with you.
text: She turns to the window, in what she imagines is
text: Frank's general direction, and, like a little girl,
text: suddenly sticks out her tongue.
scene_heading: 47 EXT. MARRON ESTATE - GATE/GUARD HOUSE - DAY 47
text: In a BIG CLOSEUP ON a black and white TV screen, we see
text: Devaney's immaculate convertible Mercedes 500SL as it
text: roars up the drive. Frank, Henry and Fletcher watch in
text: the newly-erected guard house. The area is greatly
text: changed. There is a uniformed guard with an impressive
text: array of switches, lights and phones at his command.
text: There are several TV screens; one of them shows a series
text: of endlessly-panning shots from cameras at the rear of
dialog: 38.
text: the grounds. On the other, the Mercedes kicks up dust
text: from the last few curves in the drive. Fletcher shakes
text: his head. He's seen it all before.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Is that Devaney?
speaker_heading: FLETCHER
dialog: (to Frank)
dialog: She's got him by the short ones,
dialog: doesn't she, Frank?
text: Frank squelches a smile at Henry. Where did he learn
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Yeah, she makes him nervous.
text: They watch as Devaney SCREECHES to a STOP, gets out and
text: hurries inside.
scene_heading: 48 INT. FAMILY ROOM - DAY 48
text: Nicki is cutting fruit at the bar. Rachel, very tense,
text: is taking the fruit and dropping it into a yogurt drink
text: she's making in a blender.
text: Rory, her choreographer, stands behind her, massaging her
text: neck and shoulders. Spector is perched on a bar stool
text: like a vulture. Devaney hurries into the room; Nicki
text: gives him a look.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: I want him gone.
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: What is it now?
speaker_heading: NICKI
dialog: He told Rachel no Sunday brunch
dialog: at Charlie's.
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: No Sunday brunch. That's why you
dialog: called me up here?
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: That is not it! It's my money
dialog: and my life and I want him out
dialog: of here.
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: Where is he?
text: Nicki indicates through the glass door. Devaney walks
text: over to it.
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: NICKI
text: On the patio.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: He's through messing with my life.
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: Rachel, I'm getting goddamn sick
dialog: of running up here every time he
dialog: steps on your toes.
dialog: (leaning out the
dialog: glass door)
dialog: Farmer! Would you come in here
dialog: a minute?
text: Devaney walks back toward Rachel.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Did you know he was nuts?
speaker_heading: SPECTOR
dialog: Do you know who couldn't get
dialog: past the gates yesterday?
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: SPECTOR
dialog: Robin Leach, that's who.
text: Rory sniggers into the back of Rachel's hair, fighting
text: off a laugh. Rachel has difficulty keeping a straight
text: face, too. Spector glares at them as Frank enters from
text: the sliding door.
speaker_heading: SPECTOR
dialog: You think that's funny? The
dialog: man talks to 20 million people
dialog: and he can't even get in here.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Did he have an appointment?
text: Devaney turns to him.
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: Farmer, what is this about
dialog: brunch at Charlie's? Rachel's
dialog: been going there every Sunday
dialog: for the last five years.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I don't want her doing anything
dialog: she's always done.
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: (mimicking him)
dialog: 'I don't want her doing anything
dialog: she's always done.' The guy's a
dialog: fanatic.
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: So are the guys he's protecting
dialog: you from.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Excuse me if I don't faint.
speaker_heading: NICKI
dialog: Think of Fletcher --
text: Rachel turns ON the BLENDER, drowning out Nicki's voice.
text: Frank looks at Rachel coolly. She stares at him
text: petulantly, then turns OFF the BLENDER.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Do you know he's got the phones
dialog: bugged?
speaker_heading: SPECTOR
dialog: Oh Jesus, Bill.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Maybe he gets off listening to my
dialog: calls. All that heavy breathing...
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: What do you want from my life?
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: I want some peace around here.
speaker_heading: SPECTOR
dialog: That's right.
text: Devaney looks at Frank imploringly.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: We're almost done.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: And I want to be able to eat
dialog: brunch with my friends.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Go on Tuesday this week.
text: Spector looks at him as though he were a Martian.
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: SPECTOR
dialog: (stretching it out)
dialog: Tuesday -- morning -- brunch.
dialog: Where did you find this guy?
text: Rachel turns ON the BLENDER and stares at Frank.
scene_heading: 48A EXT. THRIFT SHOP - VALLEY - DAY 48A
text: Rachel's limousine is parked opposite the shop. It's
text: a decidedly downscale area. A little way off, a group
text: of unemployed youths hang around, eyeing the limo with
text: interest. Henry sits at the wheel. Tony stands by the
text: open window, leaning against the car.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (looking at the
dialog: youths)
dialog: I wish Rachel didn't keep coming
dialog: here. It makes me nervous.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Me too. 'Cept I'm not nervous
dialog: 'cos I got you with me.
scene_heading: 49 INT. THRIFT SHOP - CLOSE ON CLOTHES HANGER - DAY 49
text: SCREECHING as it's slid along a metal rack.
text: Rachel is shopping for bargains, moving along racks of
text: discarded clothing.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Louise, you've got too much great
dialog: stuff.
speaker_heading: OWNER
dialog: (from the back of
dialog: the shop, laughing)
dialog: Take it all, darlin'.
text: Frank leans casually against a wall, not watching Rachel,
text: but watching the shop, watching the street outside.
text: Rachel finds something she likes.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Wooo! Let me try this on.
text: She flicks a glance to Frank; he's not looking at her.
text: She pulls back the curtain of the makeshift changing
text: booth, then stops dramatically.
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: (to Frank, indicating
dialog: the open booth)
dialog: Farmer, do you want to come in
dialog: here with me? Just to be safe?
text: Frank glances at her, then resumes his surveillance of
text: the shop. Rachel's head bobs up and down above the
text: curtain as she changes.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: You probably won't believe this,
dialog: but I have a reputation for being
dialog: a bitch.
text: Frank says nothing. He gazes outside through the store-
text: front window and sees Henry and Tony horsing around next
text: to the limo. A few small boys stand around the car. One
text: of them is climbing onto the hood.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: I didn't used to be. But you get
dialog: known for being a certain way --
dialog: a way people think you are -- and
dialog: pretty soon you get like that.
dialog: Can't help it.
text: Frank smiles knowingly. Rachel notices.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: You don't think so? You're such
dialog: an expert on famous people?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I've seen a few.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: And you disagree?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (very flat)
dialog: You can be as you choose to be.
dialog: It's an act of discipline
dialog: sometimes, but it can be done.
text: Rachel stops in her tracks... then opens the curtains and
text: looks at herself in the mirror. Also reflected in the
dialog: mirror is Frank.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: That why you never stay with one
dialog: of your clients? They too
dialog: undisciplined for you? Or is it
dialog: you're afraid you'll start to
dialog: care about them?
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (without interest)
dialog: That's right.
text: Rachel turns to Frank.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Can't you answer straight just
dialog: once? Why don't you talk to
dialog: me? I'm not such a bad lady.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You're too clever for me. I can't
dialog: keep up.
text: Frank continues to search the shop and street with his
text: gaze. Rachel steps closer to him.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Look at me, Farmer!
text: Frank turns and looks at her.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: You don't approve of me, do you?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Disapproval's a luxury I can't
dialog: afford. Gets in the way.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Don't like emotions getting to you,
dialog: huh? Never mix business with
dialog: pleasure?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: That's right.
text: It's a stand-off. After a moment, Rachel motions to
text: an outfit on a rack just behind him.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Grab that would you?
text: Frank takes a beat. Looks out the window.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I'm here to keep you alive... not
dialog: to help you shop.
text: Fuming, Rachel sizes things up, then grabs it herself,
text: whipping the curtain shut behind her.
text: A smile plays across Frank's face.
dialog: 44.
scene_heading: 50 INT. DARKENED ROOM - CLOSEUP - NIGHT 50
text: We see a man's hands remove a video cassette from its
text: sleeve. The cover reads "RACHEL MARRON - THE #1 HITS."
text: The CASSETTE is gently eased into the slot of the video
dialog: player.
text: Rachel's image appears on the screen, singing softly,
text: intensely, passionately into the camera. WE TRACK INTO
text: the image, as if a little hypnotized by it.
speaker_heading: ANGLE FRANK
text: Frank sits alone in his room, lit by the glow of the TV,
text: dressed in a business-style blue suit and tie. He's
text: watching Rachel's videos. Scattered around the video
dialog: player are a collection of other Rachel Marron CD's,
text: tapes and videos. Frank has been noting down lyrics on
text: the yellow legal pad on his lap. Some of the phrases
text: are circled.
text: As he watches, we see a subtle change in his expression.
text: It is as if he really were looking at Rachel for the first
text: time, here, watching her sing. For a second, she seems to
text: be singing to him alone, passionate and vulnerable.
text: He opens a small box and removes a tiny enamelled Russian
text: Orthodox-type cross. He fastens the clasp, checking that
text: it holds, then looks back to the screen.
scene_heading: 51 EXT. MARRON ESTATE - NIGHT 51
text: Rachel's SONG PLAYS OVER the moonlit estate.
scene_heading: 52 INT. RACHEL'S BEDROOM - NIGHT 52
text: The room is surprisingly bare and simple, almost empty
text: apart from Rachel's collection of old and faded dolls
text: on the shelves and on the bed. Rachel is getting dressed
text: for the evening. A hairdresser stands behind her,
text: fussing with her hair. Rachel hears the MUSIC coming
text: from outside and moves to the window. (The hairdresser
text: moves with her, still busy with the brush.) Gazing
text: across the garden, she sees the light in Frank's room
text: and hears her own voice singing out from there too.
scene_heading: 53 EXT. MARRON HOUSE - NIGHT 53
text: Frank is showing Henry how to check the underside of the
text: limo with an angled mirror on a stick. Both are crouched
text: beside the vehicle. A noise makes them look up. Rachel,
text: dressed to the nines and looking very sexy, emerges from
text: the house with Spector and Devaney. Spector's carrying a
text: videotape. Tony follows as they head for the car, where
dialog: 45.
text: Frank and Henry are waiting. Fletcher stands in the
text: doorway, flanked by uniformed security guards. He waves
dialog: at Frank.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (to Henry)
dialog: I thought it was dinner.
text: Henry shrugs.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (to Spector)
dialog: Are we going somewhere else?
speaker_heading: SPECTOR
dialog: The Mayan, Frank.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: What's the Mayan?
text: Spector starts to climb into the limo.
speaker_heading: SPECTOR
dialog: It's a club, Frank. Come on,
dialog: Henry, let's go.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Spector, you've got to tell me
dialog: about these things.
speaker_heading: SPECTOR
dialog: I just did.
text: He disappears inside the limo.
text: Rachel tugs at Frank's lapels, looks him up and down,
text: brushing something off his shoulder. Frank's annoyed.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Nice suit, Frank.
text: Rachel is about to get in.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Rachel.
text: He removes something from his pocket, a small enameled
dialog: cross.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I want you to keep this.
text: Rachel looks at it, both flattered and confused.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: For me? It's beautiful.
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: FRANK
text: It's fitted with a radio
dialog: transmitter. When you close the
text: clasp, it sends a signal. If
dialog: there's ever a problem and we're
dialog: separated, just press it and I'll
dialog: know you need me.
text: Rachel doesn't know how to respond. She's stuck for
text: words. Spector pokes his head out impatiently.
speaker_heading: SPECTOR
dialog: Okay, she knows how it works,
dialog: let's get going.
text: Rachel manages a quick smile to Frank as she gets in the
text: back. Frank gets in the front beside Tony. The limo
text: pulls out.
scene_heading: 54 INT. LIMO - NIGHT (LATER) 54
text: Frank rides beside Tony in the front seat. The RADIO
text: PLAYS SOFTLY in the b.g. In back, Rachel, Spector and
text: Devaney are drinking champagne. Tony burps, smiles
dialog: at Frank.
speaker_heading: RADIO D.J. (V.O.)
dialog: You're listening to K.R.O.K., the
dialog: rock of L.A. and yes we have.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: RADIO D.J. (V.O.)(CONT'D)
dialog: We told you we'd crack the case
dialog: of the mystery guest... and if
dialog: you are one of the few who hasn't
dialog: heard, it's Rachel at the Mayan.
text: Franks turns UP the VOLUME.
speaker_heading: RADIO D.J. (V.O.)
dialog: Rachel Marron, tonight, appearing
dialog: as Billy Thomas' very special
dialog: guest. But if you don't have a
dialog: ticket, you can forget going
dialog: down there. Police are asking
dialog: us to ask you to stay away. So
dialog: everybody, please stay cool,
dialog: stay tuned and we'll try to get
dialog: you some interviews after the
dialog: show. Remember, you heard it
dialog: here on K.R.O.K. -- the station
dialog: that delivers.
text: Frank looks back at Spector who silently mouths --
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: SPECTOR
dialog: It wasn't me.
text: The car turns a corner and there it is, The Mayan only
text: fifty yards ahead, a mob of fans spilling out of the
text: club, off the sidewalk and into the street.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Fuckin' a.
text: Spector whoops with uncontrolled delight from the back of
text: the limo. Frank stares ahead in disbelief. The NOISE
text: of the CROWD can be heard as they pull up front.
scene_heading: 55 EXT. THE MAYAN - NIGHT 55
text: The mob reacts to the sight of the approaching limo which
text: turns into the parking area and heads for the backstage.
text: Faces of the fans are at the windows leering at Rachel.
text: Many are grotesquely painted. Some go into a wild frenzy
text: as Rachel's limo pulls up. There is a punch-up and a man
text: is beaten back. Someone has a video camera. Its quartz
text: light shines in through the limo windows. Everybody
text: squints at the glare.
scene_heading: 56 EXT. BACKSTAGE ENTRANCE - NIGHT 56
text: As Rachel's car pulls up, the beaten man dances weirdly
text: at the curb with blood streaming from his nose.
text: A pair of security guards try to hold them back. As her
text: limo stops, a chant begins.
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: Rachel! Rachel! We want Rachel!
text: Others join in as the mob presses forward.
text: The instant she exits the car, her expression goes public
text: -- a wide, show-biz smile. Sandwiched between Spector and
text: Devaney, with Tony in front and Frank at the rear, Rachel
text: makes her entrance.
text: A young man breaks the barrier moving toward Rachel.
text: Frank grabs him by one of his belt loops, gracefully
text: guides him all the way across and slips him under the
text: opposite cordon into the arms of a security guard.
scene_heading: 57 INT. RACHEL'S DRESSING ROOM - NIGHT 57
text: Rachel steps into a room set for a star's arrival.
text: Flowers are on every surface that will hold them. One
dialog: huge arrangement is so big it has to be placed on the
dialog: 48.
text: floor. Frank checks them all with a magnometer wand
text: before letting Rachel sit down. He goes out, closing
text: the door, watchful.
scene_heading: 58 INT. BACKSTAGE - NIGHT 58
text: Frank's eyes search the crush of people, milling around
text: outside the dressing room. A few feet away, Spector talks
text: to a JOURNALIST who's carrying a tape recorder.
speaker_heading: JOURNALIST
dialog: ... and this is my exclusive?
speaker_heading: SPECTOR
dialog: I swear I thought she'd talk to
dialog: you. Maybe later. What can I
dialog: say.
text: Frank is checked out by a strange-looking women in
dialog: Vampyra Drag.
scene_heading: 59 INT. DRESSING ROOM - NIGHT 59
text: Rachel sits in front of the mirror putting on the silver
text: headpiece we saw earlier. She notices a small spray of
text: lilies-of-the-valley among the floral arrangements.
text: An envelope marked "Rachel" is attached to it. She
text: reaches forward and opens it.
text: We see the note as she unfolds it.
scene_heading: MARRON BITCH - YOU HAVE EVERYTHING
dialog: I HAVE NOTHING - PREPARE YOUR SOUL
text: FOR DEATH - THE TIME TO DIE IS...
text: We see the shock in her face.
scene_heading: 60 INT. STAR'S SUITE - NIGHT 60
text: Spector, Frank, and Devaney are there. Rachel seems
text: dazed, unfocussed. Devaney hands the note to Frank.
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: He sent another one.
text: Rachel immediately picks up on this.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: What do you mean 'another one'?
text: Frank quickly shoots a look at Spector.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: They didn't tell you.
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Tell me what?
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: There were some letters before,
dialog: Rachel... same kind of thing,
dialog: threats, oddball stuff...
speaker_heading: SPECTOR
dialog: We didn't want to worry you...
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: ... and somebody got into the
dialog: house...
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: (starting to panic)
dialog: Someone was in my house?
speaker_heading: SPECTOR
dialog: Okay. Let's not get hysterical...
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Let's get her out of here.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Someone was in my house?
speaker_heading: SPECTOR
dialog: It was weeks ago. You were out of
dialog: town...
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: While Fletcher was there?
speaker_heading: SPECTOR
dialog: Listen, Fletcher is okay. The
dialog: house is like Fort Knox now.
dialog: Right, Frank?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: We should get her out of here.
dialog: Right now!
speaker_heading: SPECTOR
dialog: There's no way anyone could...
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: No way anyone could what?
speaker_heading: SPECTOR
dialog: No, wait... look everybody calm
dialog: down. Calm down.
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: Sy.
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: SPECTOR
dialog: Let's just see how she is.
dialog: (to Rachel)
dialog: How do you feel, honey?
text: Someone comes through the door with some flowers. Frank
text: eases them out and gently closes the door.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I can't protect her out there.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Do you think he's out there?
text: Devaney can't answer. She turns to Frank.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: He's here, isn't he?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: He might be.
speaker_heading: SPECTOR
dialog: We don't know that. Frank, we
dialog: don't know that.
text: Rachel is enraged.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: But you know he was in my house...
dialog: oh my God.
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: Let's go home, Sy. We'll have to
dialog: make an announcement.
speaker_heading: SPECTOR
dialog: Fine, you make it, they'll tear
dialog: the fucking place apart.
scene_heading: 61 INT. ONSTAGE - NIGHT 61
text: A lone mike stands onstage. The crowd's growing im-
text: patient. A RHYTHMIC CLAPPING begins. Devaney walks
text: timidly onstage. He's not happy to be there. He reaches
text: the mike and taps it with a finger.
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: Excuse me... hello... I've got
dialog: an announcement to make. I'm
dialog: sorry but... due to circumstances
dialog: beyond...
text: Voices shout. "Where's Rachel?"... a groan begins.
text: A chorus of boos fills the room. He raises his hands.
dialog: 51.
dialog: More voices.
scene_heading: 62 INT. BACKSTAGE - NIGHT 62
text: Frank guides Rachel toward the stage exit. A roar from
text: the audience begins. "Rachel! Rachel! Rachel!" It
text: grows louder as they near the exit. Rachel's expression
text: is a combination of fear and humiliation. When they have
text: almost reached the exit, she stops.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Wait...
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Rachel... don't do it. It's not
dialog: worth it...
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: (cutting him off)
dialog: No fucking freak is gonna chase me
text: off stage.
text: She pulls away from him. Farmer starts after her, closely
text: followed by Spector.
scene_heading: 63 INT. STAGE - NIGHT 63
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: I'm afraid that...
text: A great gush of applause from the audience. Devaney's
text: befuddled. He doesn't see Rachel walking up behind him.
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: Rachel won't be able...
text: Rachel stands beside him beaming. She bows. Claps back
text: to her fans. Devaney retreats. Rachel gestures in his
dialog: direction.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Bill Devaney, ladies and gentlemen,
dialog: thank you, Bill. Hey, everyone.
dialog: Hello! Isn't Billy Thomas the
dialog: greatest. He's asked me to sing
dialog: a song. I hope you don't mind.
text: The crowd roars its approval.
text: Frank nervously scans the room. Rachel smiles and moves
text: along the stage. MUSIC starts in the b.g. Masking
text: obvious fear, she starts to sing.
text: As she takes one hand from the microphone, her fingers
text: tremble. She clasps it again to hide her anxiety.
dialog: 52.
scene_heading: ANGLE - RACHEL - SHOT FROM BEHIND
text: shows her alone and vulnerable, bathed in light, center-
dialog: stage.
text: Rachel snatches a quick glance at Frank then looks back
text: to her silent audience.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - FRANK
text: He scans the audience intensely, face to face.
scene_heading: 63A EXT. MAYAN - BACKSTAGE DOOR - NIGHT 63A
text: Rachel's limo stands waiting. CAMERA PULLS BACK to
text: reveal a black Toyota 4 X 4 parked among the other cars.
scene_heading: 63B INT. MAYAN - NIGHT 63B
text: Rachel approaches the end of her song, her voice coming
text: ever stronger. Spector comes up to Frank in the wings,
text: positioning himself combatively between Frank and his
text: view of Rachel.
speaker_heading: SPECTOR
dialog: Are we having a communications problem
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: What?
text: Spector's presence is a distraction. Frank steps to one
text: side for a better view of Rachel. Spector moves too.
speaker_heading: SPECTOR
dialog: Apparently, I didn't make it clear
dialog: to you how things go around here.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You told me you were going to
dialog: tell her. And you didn't.
speaker_heading: SPECTOR
dialog: I didn't think she could handle it.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: But she handled it fine.
text: Frank continues to peer past Spector's shoulder, his
text: vigilance undiminished. Soothed and nurtured by the
text: obvious admiration of her audience, Rachel's fear is
text: beginning to vanish. The song is taking over. Spector
text: changes tack, becoming confidential, "man-to-man."
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: SPECTOR
dialog: Look. Frank, I know what you're
dialog: saying. I know you want to do
dialog: what's best for her. I understand
dialog: that. You have a job to do here.
dialog: But you have to understand that
dialog: Rachel has a job to do too. And
dialog: that's what she's doing - out
dialog: there. She's working, Frank.
dialog: That's what she does and that's
dialog: where she does it. She's hot
dialog: right now. This is the time for
dialog: her. If she doesn't get out there,
dialog: she's dead. Forget about crazy
dialog: death threats, if she doesn't
dialog: sing, she's dead anyway... Look,
dialog: handled properly, this thing could
dialog: be good for a million dollars'
dialog: worth of free publicity.
text: Frank grabs him by the collar and slams him up against a
text: wall of curtain ropes.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: One word.
speaker_heading: SPECTOR
dialog: It could clinch her the nomination.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: One word in print about any of
dialog: this...
text: Spector nods, half-gasping. Frank tightens his grip.
text: Frank's attention is drawn by a renewed roar from the
dialog: crowd.
speaker_heading: SPECTOR
dialog: Trouble with you is you don't
dialog: understand the sympathy vote.
scene_heading: 64 INT. STAGE - NIGHT 64
text: Rachel scans the crowd, spread before her like a surreal
dialog: mural.
text: Camera flashbulbs explode like crazy through the glare.
text: The thundering adoration is like a stimulant. She darts
text: a look to Frank and gives him a fierce "naughty girl"
dialog: smile.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: (turning back to
dialog: crowd)
dialog: You like that? Would like to
dialog: hear another? Billy?
dialog: 54.
text: From the wings, Billy Thomas gives her the nod to go for
text: it. It seems to be alright with everyone. The band
text: starts playing a dance beat.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: (on the prowl)
dialog: I think my feet are trying to
dialog: tell me something... wanna see a
dialog: new video?
text: The crowd explodes. They know what song is coming.
text: They start to move with Rachel.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: (dancing, talking)
dialog: I want to dance...
text: She skitters to the other side of the stage, baiting her
text: fans. Her new video explodes across the video wall
text: behind her. The crowd surges forward.
text: Two security guards nervously tense up, watching the
text: crowd. When one fan tries to climb onstage, Frank
text: reaches out and unbalances him, so that the man falls
text: back into the audience. Another man climbs the stage on
text: the other side. One of the guards darts out like a
text: ballboy at a tennis match, pushes the fan back and
text: scurries to the far side to resume his vigilance. The
text: crowd is getting even more excited, pressing closer,
text: trying to touch Rachel.
text: The security guards move in, but Rachel gestures for
dialog: them to back off.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - FRANK
text: Frank's task has suddenly become impossible. A forest of
text: hands and faces start to engulf Rachel. Anyone could be
text: the killer. Frank's eyes dart over them all, his gaze
text: intense, as if trying to hold them off by sheer willpower.
speaker_heading: RACHEL'S POV
text: Looking offstage at Frank. His frustration is almost
text: intoxicating to her. She struts over the lip of the
text: stage. A man leaps up from audience to join her. Frank
text: starts forward. Rachel gestures to him to hold back,
text: waving him off.
scene_heading: 65 INT. WINGS - NIGHT 65
text: Spector stands well out of Frank's reach, staring at Rachel
text: onstage. He catches Frank's attention, yelling back
text: defiantly.
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: SPECTOR
dialog: Look at her, fucking great.
scene_heading: 66 INT. ONSTAGE - NIGHT 66
text: Rachel dances erotically with the man -- bumping and
text: grinding, sinking to her knees. The crowd roars
dialog: approval.
text: Frank quickly sizes up the scene. He speaks into a SURV
text: KIT microphone in his sleeve. Across the room we see
text: Henry listening, pushing an earpiece to his ear. Henry
text: quickly scurries to an exit. Frank starts moving toward
text: the stage. At that moment, the lucky man Rachel's
text: dancing with grabs her around the waist and spins her
text: gleefully, like the dance partner she has been pretending
text: to be. One of security guards rushes forward to extri-
text: cate her. The spinning man inadvertently bumps hard
text: into the guard and the man loses his grip on Rachel.
text: She flies out of his grasp and tumbles off the front of
text: the stage -- into the adoring arms of a half dozen fans.
dialog: The audience goes wild. This is the kind of thing
dialog: Rachel was famous for when she was starting out. The
text: scene resembles a rugby scrum... with Rachel the ball.
text: Frank sees Rachel being passed over the heads of fans --
text: deeper into the audience. Her dress is ripped and torn
text: apart. The silver headpiece is dislodged and disappears
text: into the crowd.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON RACHEL
text: Fear fills her face. She's gone over the edge, literally
text: and figuratively. She's lost control. Tony and the
text: security guards are fighting to get to her, slamming
text: bodies out of the way. In the b.g., the video continues
text: on its serene, uninterrupted way.
speaker_heading: FRANK'S POV
text: He spots a fire extinguisher in the wings.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: Frank grabs it and heads to center stage. He aims the
text: extinguisher at the crowd between Rachel and the stage.
text: The chemical foam does its job, scattering fans.
text: Frank leaps onto the floor, kicking a wild-eyed young
text: blond man in the chest as he fights his way to Rachel,
text: taking her in his arms. Tony runs ahead of Frank, knocks
text: a fan off the stage and waves for Frank to follow.
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Tony, not there.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I'll take care of this.
text: He heads for the door.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Just follow me.
text: He turns and heads out to the sidewalk like a bull.
scene_heading: 67 EXT. THE MAYAN - NIGHT 67
text: Tony bursts out the front door and begins cutting a
text: swath through the crowd. Rain beats down.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Make way here. Outta the way!
text: A burly street regular gets a shove from Tony and comes
text: back hard. The crowd immediately sides with him, yells
text: encouragement. But Tony is the better man and sends him
text: sprawling. The rest of the way to the curb opens up.
text: At the parking area Tony discovers there is no limo and
text: turns in bewilderment to Rachel. But she is not there.
text: A couple of people laugh.
scene_heading: 68 EXT. ALLEY - NIGHT 68
text: Rachel and Frank emerge from the darkness between two
text: garbage bins and get into the limo Henry has waiting there.
text: The car moves out with a SCREECH of tires, narrowly missing
text: Spector as he staggers out of the building.
speaker_heading: SPECTOR
dialog: Hey! What the fuck... Farmer!
dialog: Farmer! Come back here...
text: The limo skids around the corner and speeds off up the
text: street, leaving Spector in helpless fury -- apoplectic and
text: speechless.
scene_heading: 69 INT. LIMO - NIGHT 69
text: Frank turns and looks at Rachel. She is diminutive,
text: doll-like, alone in the center of the large limousine
text: seat. Her hands rise to her face and her body begins to
text: shake with sobs as she sits there alone in the tattered
text: remains of her dress.
text: Frank turns away to avoid staring at her, but he feels
dialog: 57.
text: uncomfortable. Henry senses what is going on and
text: speaks softly.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Never done that before.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: It's been a long night.
scene_heading: 70 INT. THE MAYAN - NIGHT 70
text: The crowd is thinning out. A dim worklight is burning
text: somewhere backstage. The auditorium is a mess; the
text: cleaning crew has begun to work on the debris from the
text: riot. FOOTSTEPS APPROACH, walking, pausing, as if looking
dialog: for something.
text: Lying on the floor in big CLOSEUP we see a small fragment
text: of Rachel's dress. The FOOTSTEPS STOP by it. A hand
text: picks it up gently and lifts it OUT OF FRAME. We hear the
text: sound of a deep lingering INHALATION of breath. The feet
dialog: move on.
scene_heading: 71 INT. MARRON HOUSE - NIGHT 71
text: Fletcher is asleep in his bed. Frank waits as Rachel
text: glances in. Then she moves away. Opening the door to
text: her room, she steps back, allowing him to enter ahead.
scene_heading: 72 INT. RACHEL'S ROOM - NIGHT 72
text: Frank moves quickly into the room, checking the window
text: and French door. Rachel waits silently by the door.
text: All is clear. He steps back to the door. As he
text: approaches her she begins to tremble.
text: He gently reaches out and takes her in his arms. Slowly
text: holding her he leads her to bed, moving aside some of
text: Rachel's dolls, laid out on the pillows.
text: Her hands go automatically to her dress but they are
text: shaking so badly she cannot undo it. Frank gently does
text: it for her. She willingly allows him to undress her and
text: not a word is spoken between them. As she sits naked
text: still trembling, he pulls down the covers and guides her
text: gently into bed.
text: As he adjusts the covers she reaches up and takes hold of
text: his hand. He looks down, stroking her forehead like a
dialog: child's.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Aren't you going to ask me why I
dialog: behave like that?
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I know why.
scene_heading: 73 INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT 73
text: Frank sits alone at a table in the huge kitchen, care-
text: fully cutting and eating a peach. The door at the other
text: end of the room slams open and Tony stalks in, soaking
text: wet. He has just made his way home from the MAYAN and he
text: is boiling. He sights on Frank and moves toward him fast.
text: Frank just watches until Tony is almost upon him. As
text: Tony reaches out to lift him by his shirt, Frank spins
text: low out of his seat. Tony's legs are knocked out from
text: under him. He lands hard on his back and finds himself
text: looking up at Frank, who holds him down with the chair he
text: was sitting on, like a lion tamer, a leg strut pressed
text: against Tony's throat. Frank looks down at him question-
text: ingly, as if to ask, "Had enough?"
text: Tony scowls and nods. Frank lifts the chair away. Tony
text: stands up and faces him. Frank turns away and Tony
text: throws a punch at his head, barely catching him as Frank
text: ducks and moves in under it. He hits Tony twice and
text: throws him against a cabinet. Tony gets up slowly, looks
text: around and grabs a carving knife from a hook on the wall.
text: He holds it in front of him threateningly.
text: Frank shakes his head. He's getting irritated. He picks
text: up the knife he's been using on the peach and flips it in
text: his hand so he's holding it by the blade. With the same
text: fluid motion we've seen earlier, he throws it at Tony.
text: It sticks in the wall an inch from Tony's ear. Tony
text: does a slow take and then lowers his blade. Frank picks
text: up his dirty dish and takes it to the sink. He glances
dialog: at Tony.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I don't want to talk about this
dialog: again.
scene_heading: 74 EXT. MARRON ESTATE - DRIVEWAY - DAWN 74
text: Frank has been talking to the uniformed guard in the gate
text: house and now begins walking up the drive toward the man-
dialog: sion.
text: The grounds are quiet, beautiful, misty.
text: We see him from behind some foliage, as if he's being
text: covertly observed, stalked. A twig snaps and he turns
text: sharply. It's Rachel. She's dressed in a soft jumpsuit
text: and starts jogging out from behind the bushes towards him.
dialog: 59.
text: The suit softens her appearance; she looks lovely. Her
text: manner, too, has altered; she is charming -- friendly and
dialog: very girlish.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Hey! Gotcha, didn't I?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: You're probably wondering what I'm
dialog: doing.
dialog: (as Frank nods)
dialog: You didn't know I jogged, did you?
text: Frank shakes his head.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: What's the matter? 'Fraid I'll
dialog: get picked off in my snazzy running
dialog: suit?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: No. I'm afraid I'll have to jog
dialog: with you.
text: They both smile.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Great. I guess I can't do it.
text: Rachel stops pumping, gasps for air, and for one moment,
text: rests a hand on Frank's arm to support herself. She
text: removes it quickly.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Will you walk with me a little?
text: Frank nods and they cut off across the grounds.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: (hard for her)
dialog: I know this is kinda late, but
dialog: thank you. I'm really glad you're
dialog: here.
dialog: (she looks at him)
dialog: I'm going to try to cooperate.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: That would be good.
text: They walk in silence for few moments. When Rachel
text: finally speaks, she sounds genuinely unsure of herself,
text: nervous. It's very appealing. And if it's an act, she's
dialog: a terrific actress.
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Farmer... I have this problem.
dialog: This minor little problem. You
dialog: see, I'd like to go out for an
dialog: evening. Just me and a guy. You
dialog: know...
dialog: (makes a funny face)
dialog: ... like a 'date.' But I can't go
dialog: out on a date because you have to
dialog: be with me every minute. I mean,
dialog: what if he invited me up to his
dialog: place afterwards? Are you going
dialog: to come, too?
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: So the only thing I can figure is
dialog: for you to take me out.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: So... that's what I was wondering
dialog: ... you know. What do you think?
dialog: But only if you want to.
text: Frank is bemused.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Only if you want to... I'm not so
dialog: bad...
dialog: (looks at him)
dialog: God, this is embarrassing. I'm
dialog: gonna run up ahead there. You
dialog: decide.
text: She runs up the hill to the pool area, which is now above
text: them. He walks up after her.
scene_heading: 75 EXT. MARRON ESTATE - BALCONY - DAY 75
text: Nicki is yelling from a window on the second floor of
text: the mansion. Fletcher peers out with her.
speaker_heading: NICKI (O.S.)
dialog: Rachel! Sandy Harris is on the
dialog: phone!
text: Rachel and Frank look up.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Tell her she'll have to wait,
dialog: babe. I'm getting fixed up here.
scene_heading: AT WINDOW - CLOSE ON NICKI
text: She watches Frank and Rachel, her expression neutral.
text: She turns away. Fletcher continues to watch his mother
dialog: with Frank.
dialog: 61.
scene_heading: 76 INT. DAN-DEE CAR WASH-O-RAMA (L.A.) - WASH TUNNEL - 76
speaker_heading: DAY
text: The SOUND is DEAFENING. A wet car comes out of the
text: tunnel of machinery. In the distance, glimpsed through
text: the spinning brushes, Henry talks to a couple of workers
text: as he waits for the limo to be cleaned.
text: Hands appear with a large chamois cloth, moving easily
text: and fast over the hood and windshield. A black in his
text: early twenties is finishing the exterior of the car.
text: A second pair of hands appear. White hands in rubber
text: gloves. They open the driver's door and push a vacuum
text: suction hose inside. The hands switch ON the car RADIO,
text: loud. Loud enough to hear over the din outside the car.
text: The hose works its way over the front seats.
speaker_heading: D.J. (V.O.)
dialog: ... And here's another biggie
dialog: from a lady very much in the news
dialog: these days, Miss Rachel Marron...
text: We see the owner of the hands. It is the young blond
text: man Frank kicked aside at the MAYAN. His name is DAN.
text: His face is impassive.
speaker_heading: D.J. (V.O.)
dialog: ... the hit song from the movie...
dialog: Queen Of The Night... I Have
dialog: Nothing.
text: The song begins and Rachel's voice fights the din. In
text: the back of the car, Dan's hose probes around, nosing
text: into all the crevices of the upholstery. It sucks up a
text: crumpled pre-signed photograph of Rachel from the gap
text: beside the rear seat. The hose is switched off and the
text: gloved hands retrieve the picture.
scene_heading: 77 INT. LOCKER ROOM - WASH-A-RAMA - DAY 77
text: Tight, shabby facilities. Dan opens the combination
text: padlock to his locker and deposits the crumpled photo
dialog: inside.
text: As the hands remove the rubber gloves, the inside of the
text: locker is revealed. Pasted over every inch of the locker
text: are pictures of Rachel Marron. One tabloid shot of her
text: dancing with the word "whore" scrawled across it. Taped
text: to a single sheet of white paper in the center, like a
text: holy relic, is the torn scrap of Rachel's dress from the
text: MAYAN. The hands pin up the newly-acquired photo next to
dialog: it.
dialog: 62.
scene_heading: 84 INT. FBI LABORATORY - DAY 84
text: Special Agent Court is seated next to a white-coated
text: technician. The technician is leaning over one of the
text: neatly pasted-up death threats we have seen earlier.
text: With a scalpel, he lifts the word "whore" from out of the
text: message. He sets it on a white sheet, then brings the
text: blade back and scrapes at the residue of the dry glue on
dialog: the letter.
scene_heading: INSERT - B&amp;W SHOT OF TOSHIRO MIFUNE WIELDING HIS SWORD,
scene_heading: CUTTING DOWN HIS ATTACKERS
scene_heading: 85 EXT. KOKUSAI THEATRE - NIGHT 85
text: Frank and Rachel exit with a small crowd. Rachel wears a
text: scarf and tinted glasses. The combination goes a long
text: way toward disguising her. They pause at one of the dis-
text: play windows. Inside is a poster for the movie, Yojimbo,
text: a large picture of Toshiro Mifune looking scruffy and
dialog: fierce.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Well, he didn't look like he
dialog: wanted to die to me.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: There's a big difference between
dialog: wanting to die and having no fear
dialog: of death.
text: They walk down the sidewalk.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: And because he had no fear of
dialog: death, he was invincible?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: What do you think?
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Well, he sure creamed 'em all in
dialog: the end.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Yeah, it was a good movie.
text: They walk off down the sidewalk.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: How many times have you seen it?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Sixty-two.
dialog: 63.
scene_heading: 86 INT. RESTAURANT - NIGHT 86
dialog: It's a bit of a dive, but the food is good and the atmos-
dialog: phere is great.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Your kinda place?
text: Frank nods.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Your kinda music?
text: As she smiles:
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Absolutely.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: You figure no one can get by you
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: If someone is willing to swap his
dialog: life for a kill, nothing can stop
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Great. What do I need you for?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: He might get me instead.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: And you're ready to die for me?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: That's my job.
text: Rachel looks at him.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: And you'd do it? Why?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I can't sing.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Maybe there's some glory in saving
dialog: a president or something, but just
dialog: anyone...
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You mean like you? It's a matter
dialog: 64.
dialog: of conditioning and discipline.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: I don't trust discipline. At the
dialog: crucial moment I'd cop out.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: That happens.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: But not with you, Fierce Frank.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: It happens.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Have you ever liked anybody?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Like me -- a girl.
text: Frank knows what she's driving at. But he's not at all
dialog: happy to relinquish this information.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: A long time ago.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: What happened? Do you mind if I
dialog: ask?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Do you mind if I don't answer?
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: I don't want to pry...
text: Frank smiles at that.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: (begins to laugh,
dialog: can't help herself)
dialog: She didn't die did she? You
dialog: weren't like... protecting her and
dialog: she got killed?
text: Frank is silent, grim. Rachel looks stricken.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Oh, my god! That's it, isn't it?
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Nobody's perfect.
text: Rachel is taken aback.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Oh Frank, I'm sorry.
text: Frank laughs.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: No... Nice try though.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: It was less dramatic than that.
dialog: She didn't love me anymore. Can
dialog: you imagine such a thing?
dialog: Frank puts a smiling spin on this last; it's pretty
text: charming. Rachel looks at him.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: No, not really.
text: A SONG comes on the JUKEBOX -- 'WHAT BECOMES OF THE BROKEN
text: HEARTED.' Frank smiles as Rachel begins to sing.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: So, is this a full service date,
dialog: Frank?
text: Frank's wary.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: I'm just asking you to dance.
scene_heading: 87 INT. DANCE FLOOR - NIGHT 87
text: Frank and Rachel navigate a tiny dance floor. Frank is a
dialog: surprisingly good dancer and is comfortable being this
text: close to her.
text: Rachel hums softly, picking up the words to the song. As
text: we listen to the lyrics something clicks in her head.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: You like this?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Yeah.
text: A beat, then Rachel bursts out laughing.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (reddening)
dialog: What?
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: (trying to compose
dialog: herself)
dialog: I'm sorry... It's just that...
dialog: It's so depressing.
text: Now they're both laughing.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: It is, isn't it.
text: Suddenly a dish drops to the floor. Frank, still dancing,
text: makes a smooth quick turn that puts his body between
text: Rachel and the noise. His head turns to locate the source
text: of the noise.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Don't worry, I'll protect you.
text: They drift back into the music, Rachel singing, Frank
dialog: watching.
scene_heading: 88 EXT. FRANK'S HOUSE - NIGHT 88
text: Frank's car is parked in the driveway. A light goes on
text: in a basement window.
scene_heading: 89 INT. FRANK'S HOUSE - BASEMENT 89
text: Frank hangs back, drink in hand, as Rachel explores the
text: basement. Frank has fitted it out as a combination gym/
text: target range/weapons workshop. The place has a kind of
text: unfussy order about it, a simplicity.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: (almost to herself)
dialog: It's very quiet here.
text: She walks to some shelves -- a random selection of
dialog: books, football and karate trophies, framed citations
text: and other memorabilia. She glances at a dusty framed
text: photo of a football team.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: (reading)
dialog: West Virginia University Football.
dialog: God, look at you.
text: She looks at Frank, quizzically.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: What'd you play?
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: End.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Were you tough?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: No. Fast.
text: Rachel puts down her drink and moves toward a samurai
text: sword that is mounted in its scabbard on the wall. She
text: looks at it, peering closely.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: You some kind of a samurai, too?
text: Frank smiles.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: They said you were in the Secret
dialog: Service. What made you get out?
text: Frank moves away and sits on a sofa against the wall.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Money.
text: Rachel looks around at Frank's modest home.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: I can see your tastes are
dialog: extravagant.
text: She looks at Frank and then back at the sword. She
text: reaches out to touch it.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: May I?
text: Frank nods. Rachel takes it off its mount carefully,
text: unhooks the scabbard and begins to slide it off.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Watch yourself.
text: Rachel slides the scabbard off. The naked blade is
text: breathtaking. Rachel holds the sword out before her.
text: She walks toward Frank, then stops and looks over the
text: blade at him.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: You're a hard one to figure, Frank
dialog: Farmer.
text: He stares at her. She steps closer, so the blade is only
text: about a foot from his face.
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: It seems to me a bodyguard must
dialog: know little peace.
text: Frank stands up so that the point of the sword is only
text: about an inch from his chest. He reaches out over the
text: blade to Rachel's neck and unties the silk scarf she is
text: wearing there. One hand draws the scarf away. The other
text: hand lingers for a moment on her neck, then lifts away.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Watch this.
text: He has raised the scarf over his head, in the space
text: between them. With two hands he spreads it out and then
text: lets it go. Slowly, billowing, the scarf floats down
text: over the blade and is cut in two. These two pieces float
text: slowly to the floor.
text: Frank takes Rachel's wrist and moves the sword away to
text: the side. They are both holding it as Rachel presses her
text: body against Frank's and they begin to kiss.
scene_heading: 90 INT. FRANK'S HOUSE - BEDROOM - NIGHT 90
text: Their lovemaking is INTERCUT with SLOW MOTION black and
text: white images of Samurai warriors from the movie,
dialog: Yojimbo.
scene_heading: 91 INT. FRANK'S HOUSE - BEDROOM - LATER 91
text: They lie nude under a sheet.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: I've never been this safe before.
text: Frank smiles.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: No one could get by you.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Right now it might not be so hard.
text: Rachel laughs, kisses him and buries her head down into
text: his shoulder. Frank stares across the bed at the samurai
text: sword lying on the floor. Some of Rachel's clothing is
text: draped in a heap across it. The torn pieces of her scarf
text: lie nearby. HOLD ON Frank's look.
scene_heading: SHOCK CUT TO:
scene_heading: 92 INT. FRANK'S BEDROOM - NEXT MORNING 92
text: The roller-blind is raised with a sharp, snapping sound.
text: Frank is moving around the room, getting dressed. Rachel
dialog: 69.
text: is still in the bed behind him, woken by the noise of his
dialog: activity.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: What? What is it? What are you
dialog: doing?
text: Frank keeps moving, looking for his shoes.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Frank?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Rachel, I don't want to get
dialog: confused about what I'm doing
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: I'm not confused.
text: Frank finds his shoes.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You pay me to protect you, that's
dialog: what I do.
text: Rachel sits up.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: What? Have I done something
dialog: wrong?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: No, nothing.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Then what is it?
text: She lifts the sheet seductively and looks over the top
dialog: of it.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Do you want me to beg?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: No, I want you to do without.
text: She stops.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: What's going on, Frank?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I want to keep it straight in my
dialog: head what job I'm doing.
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: And what is that exactly? Making
dialog: me feel like shit?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: No, I'm sorry. This is my fault.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Don't apologize for godsake. Just
dialog: tell me what I did. I'm a big
dialog: girl.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You didn't do anything. It was me.
dialog: I involved myself with my client.
text: Rachel picks up on the word.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Your "client"?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I made a mistake.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: What mistake?... You don't find me
dialog: attractive anymore.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Christ! I've told you why. I
dialog: can't protect you like this.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: And what? That's it for me?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Yeah...
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: I don't believe it.
text: He automatically checks the gun as he slips it into the
text: holster.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You can live with that or you can
dialog: fire me.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: But I can't fuck you.
text: Frank turns and looks at her. This is hard for him, too.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: I don't believe this...
dialog: I'm asking you?... Let me tell
dialog: you...
dialog: 71.
text: She stops suddenly and, with a roar of combined frus-
text: tration, humiliation and rage, she lurches from the bed
text: in search of her clothes. Frank shuts his eyes in morti-
text: fication and pain.
scene_heading: 93 EXT. MARRON ESTATE - POOLSIDE - EARLY MORNING 93
text: A nanny sits in the early morning mist, embroidering.
text: Frank is kneeling with Fletcher beside the pool. He's
text: putting new batteries into Fletcher's boat. Fletcher
text: watches him as he tears off the wrapping from the
text: batteries, much preoccupied.
speaker_heading: FLETCHER
dialog: (watching him)
dialog: She's real mad at you, isn't she?
text: Frank stops what he's doing and just looks blankly at the
text: batteries in his hands. There's a beat of silence.
speaker_heading: FLETCHER
dialog: She told me she doesn't understand
dialog: why you're so shitty to her...
text: Frank's shoulders droop and he lets out an imperceptible
text: sigh. He gently resumes fitting the batteries, still
text: not looking at Fletcher. In the quiet of early morning,
text: it's almost like a confessional.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I've spent a lot of time learning
dialog: not to react to things like other
dialog: people do. It's my job. But it
dialog: doesn't always work, Fletcher...
dialog: it doesn't always work.
speaker_heading: FLETCHER
dialog: I don't think I understand.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (looks at him)
dialog: I'm an old man compared to you,
dialog: pal, and I don't understand either.
dialog: And I'm starting to get the
dialog: feeling I never will.
text: There's a crunch of footsteps behind him. He looks
dialog: around.
text: With a big flourish, a copy of Daily Variety is put down
text: in front of us, front page upwards.
speaker_heading: NICKI (O.S.)
dialog: Ta Da!
dialog: 72.
text: Frank takes in that it's Nicki then glances at Variety,
text: lying on the concrete beside him. Splashed across the
text: top, the headlines announce the day's news of the
text: Academy Award nominations. Rachel's name is among the
text: Best Actress nominees. The Hollywood Reporter follows.
text: Frank picks up Variety and stares at it. Nicki stands
text: beside him with the morning's mail under her arm.
speaker_heading: NICKI
dialog: (looking at him)
dialog: Thought you'd like to know.
dialog: Everyone said she was a sure thing.
dialog: Of course, you know all about that.
text: She raises an eyebrow, gives him a look. Frank looks
text: steadily back at her. She drops a small pile of mail
text: beside the magazines... several letters and a small
text: packet. She's embarrassed by Frank's gaze.
speaker_heading: NICKI
dialog: I'm sorry. That was out of line.
dialog: It's none of my business... Here's
dialog: today's question marks for you.
text: She turns and walks briskly back to the house. Frank
text: watches her go, then looks slowly down to the pile.
text: From across the pool, Fletcher watches silently, then
text: pushes his boat out into the deep water.
scene_heading: 94 INT. SQUIRREL HILL PRODUCTIONS - JANITOR'S ROOM - DAY 94
text: Frank is investigating the small packet, with a surgeon's
text: precision, checking it with a stethoscope and a metal
text: detector, sniffing at it.
dialog: It has been addressed in the normal way, except that
text: Rachel's name has been cut out of a magazine and pasted
text: above the address. He begins carefully slicing away the
text: wrapping. Inside is a cardboard box. The contents are
text: still hidden by packing paper. He picks it away with
text: tweezers. Suddenly there is a LOUD BUZZING from the box
text: and movement in the paper. Frank drops the box into a
text: bed of sand in a sink surrounded by sandbags.
text: The movement slows and stops. Frank extracts the item --
text: it is a wind-up mechanical beaver with a hand-painted
text: sign hung around its neck:
dialog: WE LOVE YOU, RACHEL
dialog: YOUR FANS IN BEAVER, PA.
text: SALLY AND KATE.
text: The beaver's TEETH CLICK in Frank's hand.
dialog: We see Frank's face. This may just have taken years off
text: his life. He holds his hand out straight, palm downwards,
dialog: 73.
text: and looks at it. No tremor. Just checking.
text: Spector's voice suddenly shouts from the next door office.
speaker_heading: SPECTOR (O.S.)
dialog: Farmer! Get in here!
scene_heading: 95 INT. SQUIRREL HILL PRODUCTIONS - RACHEL'S OFFICE - DAY 95
text: The office is filled with congratulatory balloons and
text: flowers heralding the morning's news. Spector's secretary
text: is taking congratulatory phone messages at a desk in the
text: b.g. Two assistants are struggling in through the door
text: with a large basketed floral arrangement.
text: Spector confronts Frank across his desk.
speaker_heading: SPECTOR
dialog: Put together a list of your
dialog: expenses. Your total billing...
dialog: Let me have it in one hour and
dialog: I'll see that a check is cut.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Don't you ever say what's on your
dialog: mind?
text: Spector cannot believe he's being so addressed --
text: especially in front the staff. The assistants stop in
text: their tracks and look.
speaker_heading: SPECTOR
dialog: (almost shouts)
dialog: What's on my mind is that you're
dialog: fired, Frank. She missed all her
dialog: interviews yesterday because of
dialog: your little date. Do you realize
dialog: she stood up Barbara Walters?
dialog: First you fuck up her career...
text: Behind Spector, out of his line of sight, Rachel and
text: Devaney appear in the doorway with more cards. They
dialog: also stop and listen.
speaker_heading: SPECTOR
dialog: ... and now you're fucking with
text: her head.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: That's between us.
speaker_heading: SPECTOR
dialog: You think so? You forget who signs
dialog: your check. You don't understand
dialog: the role I play around here.
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: No. I understand.
text: Spector stiffens, then decides not to take this one on.
speaker_heading: SPECTOR
dialog: Get your shit together and be out
dialog: of here by noon.
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
text: Frank stays.
text: Spector looks round, sees that Devaney and Rachel have
text: been listening. Rachel is silent. With a curt nod of
text: his head, Spector gestures to the assistants to leave the
text: room. Devaney weighs in.
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: With this high a profile, Rachel
dialog: needs protection now more than
dialog: ever. If he goes, you can forget
dialog: Miami...
speaker_heading: SPECTOR
dialog: She's signed the fucking contract,
dialog: Bill. You want me to read it to
dialog: you?
text: Rachel is watching them both.
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: Fuck the contract. If he goes,
text: she's not singing a note. It's
dialog: too dangerous.
speaker_heading: SPECTOR
dialog: Oh. 'Fuck the contract.' Great.
dialog: Why don't you let Rachel speak for
dialog: herself? I think she has some say
dialog: in this.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: (flatly)
text: Frank stays.
text: Spector considers her for a beat, then looks at the others.
text: The secretary interrupts from the back of the office.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY (O.S.)
text: Mr. Schiller calling on line one...
text: Spector ignores her, still holding his look at Devaney,
dialog: Rachel and Frank.
speaker_heading: SPECTOR
dialog: Well, I guess this is democracy in
dialog: action.
dialog: 75.
text: Rachel nods. Spector, turning to take the call, flashes
text: her a "little boy" look.
speaker_heading: SPECTOR
dialog: I gave in. That's not easy for
dialog: me. Don't I get a hug?
text: Rachel is stone-faced. Spector covers by picking up the
dialog: phone.
speaker_heading: SPECTOR
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Yeah?... Sure, put him on... Ben
dialog: how are you?... uh huh...
text: Frank and Rachel look at each other in silence.
speaker_heading: SPECTOR
dialog: ...The Ambassador? What the hell
dialog: are you trying to pull, Ben?
dialog: Rachel always gets the
dialog: Presidential... I don't care what
dialog: you thought...
text: Devaney leans to Frank as Spector's conversation continues
dialog: in the b.g.
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: Do you know the Fontainebleau
dialog: Hotel in Miami Beach?
text: Frank nods.
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: How does the Ambassador Suite
dialog: compare to the Presidential for
dialog: us?
text: Frank thinks only for a moment.
speaker_heading: FRANK
text: It's on the twentieth floor in the
dialog: south wing. There's a service
dialog: elevator right there. Mainly
dialog: ocean windows. Should be no
dialog: problem.
speaker_heading: SPECTOR
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: ... I'm aware of that, Ben, but
dialog: let me just remind you people
dialog: that you invited us...
text: Frank turns toward the door.
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: (to Frank)
dialog: Hang around, Farmer. We might
dialog: need your vaunted expertise.
text: She reaches forward and hits a button on Spector's desk,
text: throwing the call onto a speaker.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: (sweetly)
dialog: Hello, Ben honey.
speaker_heading: SCHILLER (V.O.)
dialog: Rachel, congratulations, you must
dialog: be thrilled at the...
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: (across him)
dialog: Ben. I hear you've got me in the
text: annex next to the kitchen.
scene_heading: 96 EXT. FONTAINEBLEAU HOTEL (MIAMI BEACH) - HELICOPTER SHOT 96
speaker_heading: - DAY
text: We COME STREAKING IN OVER the ocean TOWARD the towering
text: white Fontainebleau.
text: ON the SOUNDTRACK, we hear JOHN TESH'S VOICE filling the
text: viewers in on the latest Hollywood dirt.
speaker_heading: JOHN TESH (V.O.)
dialog: ...It's off to Sun City today for
dialog: Best Actress nominee Rachel Marron.
dialog: Rachel's giving two AIDS charity
dialog: concerts this week at Miami's
dialog: Fontainebleau Hotel. A thousand a
dialog: plate no less. And rumor has it
dialog: that the lovely lady has unseated
dialog: the governor of Florida himself.
dialog: Seems there was a showdown on
dialog: who'll get to lounge in that big
dialog: Fontainebleau penthouse tonight.
text: As we CIRCLE the top floor, we see a tiny figure on the
dialog: balcony.
speaker_heading: JOHN TESH (V.O.)
dialog: Well, sleep tight in the
dialog: Presidential Suite, Rachel. Who
dialog: says a nomination isn't as good as
dialog: winning...
scene_heading: 97 EXT. PRESIDENTIAL SUITE - BALCONY - DAY 97
text: Frank looks up at the disappearing helicopter then down
dialog: 77.
text: over the edge and around the corner. He leans slightly
text: against the wrought iron railing. It sways precariously.
text: Frank catches himself.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Thuringer.
text: Frank kneels and inspects the fixture that anchors it to
text: the cement balcony: the cement crumbles around it, a
text: weld joint is broken on the side. THURINGER, the hotel
text: security chief, joins Frank on the balcony. Frank shakes
dialog: the railing.
speaker_heading: THURINGER
dialog: God damn. I'll get someone right
text: on it.
scene_heading: 98 INT. PRESIDENTIAL SUITE - DAY 98
text: Frank walks quickly across the living room of the lavish
text: suite. Two uniformed security guards are making a sweep
text: of the room with POLICE DOGS. Frank checks the drawer of
text: a side table and then seals it with a peel-off security
text: tape. Thuringer is waiting near the entrance hall.
text: Frank nods to him.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Okay. Let's go.
scene_heading: 99 INT. HALLWAY - 15TH FLOOR - DAY 99
text: This is a semi-private corridor; several hotel employees
text: are steam-cleaning the carpet. Frank looks at them, then
dialog: Thuringer.
speaker_heading: THURINGER
dialog: It's okay, they've been cleared.
text: He shows his clipboard to Frank. As the two men walk
text: along the corridor, the guest elevator opens and a
text: twelve-year-old boy in a bathing suit (MARK KATZ) steps
text: out, accompanied by his nanny. In the background, hotel
text: security men are checking fire-extinguishers and closets.
speaker_heading: THURINGER
dialog: (to Frank)
dialog: The Katzes of St. Louis. Very
dialog: prominent. Come every year. An
dialog: elderly couple and three
text: grandchildren. A nurse and a maid.
text: They pass the little boy as he reaches the door of the
text: Katz suite with his nanny.
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: THURINGER
dialog: Hi, Mark.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Hi.
text: Frank smiles and nods to the nanny.
speaker_heading: THURINGER
dialog: (to Frank)
dialog: Theirs is the only suite on the
dialog: floor.
text: The two men reach the service elevator and the emergency
text: exit door at the end of the hall. Frank opens the stair-
text: way door and goes inside. Thuringer follows.
speaker_heading: THURINGER
dialog: As you asked, the rooms below have
dialog: been kept vacant.
scene_heading: 100 INT. STAIRWAY - DAY 100
text: The doorway closes behind the two men. Frank tries it;
text: it's locked. They continue down the stairs.
scene_heading: 105 INT. KITCHEN - DAY 105
text: Frank and Thuringer walk into and along the edge of the
text: busy kitchen.
scene_heading: 109 INT. OFFSTAGE AREA - DAY 109
text: Frank walks ahead of Thuringer. He looks around and
text: pauses at the edge of the stage. Then he steps out on a
text: stage. A piano tuner is at work in the corner.
scene_heading: 110 INT. ON STAGE - DAY 110
speaker_heading: FRANK'S POV -
text: as he looks out at the mammoth room.
text: Frank stands center stage and looks around. The naked-
text: ess of this spot gets to him. He shakes his head and
text: looks at Thuringer. Thuringer smiles.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: What a silly job this is.
dialog: 79.
scene_heading: 111 INT. FONTAINEBLEAU HOTEL - LOWER LOBBY - DAY 111
text: Behind the glass doors that lead to the pool, bright
text: quartz lights clock on. A camera crew stands waiting.
text: Someone mimes a "we're rolling" sign with his hands.
text: Inside Rachel waits with Spector and BEN SCHILLER, the
text: tough, fat fellow who owns the place. Frank is at her
dialog: elbow.
speaker_heading: SPECTOR
dialog: O.K. Rachel. It's showtime!
dialog: They're rolling. Let's go.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Is this really necessary?
speaker_heading: SPECTOR
dialog: Yes. It is.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Quit bitching, Farmer. This is
dialog: the part you do get paid for.
text: Rachel sweeps out the door. The camera crew hurries to
dialog: keep up with her.
scene_heading: 112 EXT. POOL AREA - DAY 112
text: This place is crowded with hundreds of guests basking on
text: chaise lounges. A sea of sun-baked faces virtually as
text: far as the eye can see. The sight of the crowd and the
text: presence of the news crew seems to push Rachel to a
dialog: whole new adrenaline level.
text: Rachel walks among them, moving swiftly, evaluating the
text: bodies displayed before her in words and expressions,
text: playing to the camera.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Oh my God. Look what they're
dialog: wearing. Mother, hide your eyes...
text: Heads turn to look.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: I couldn't wear that suit... Honey,
dialog: you're naked... Of course, if I
dialog: had a body like that...
text: There is a murmur of recognition from some of the guests.
text: She pauses to shake a hand, and now all the guests
text: throughout the pool area are aware that Rachel Marron is
dialog: among them.
text: People stand on chairs, scramble for pens and paper, run
dialog: 80.
text: to get a closer look. Lounges collapse, drink GLASSES are
text: BROKEN, flower tubs are trampled. A lot of pushing and
text: shoving starts - too much for the video crew, who abandon
dialog: the filming attempt.
speaker_heading: SPECTOR
dialog: Great, babe. They got what they
dialog: needed. Let's get back inside.
text: Frank increases his pace to keep by Rachel's side, gently
text: easing a path for her. Schiller scurries behind in
text: Frank's wake.
text: Rachel turns suddenly as a tall good-looking lifeguard
text: appears in the throng. She eyes him appreciatively.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: (to lifeguard)
dialog: You look like a man of good taste
dialog: to me. Come to my party tonight.
dialog: (to Schiller)
dialog: Ben, make sure this boy gets to
dialog: my party.
text: Schiller nods. Rachel glances at Frank, making sure he
text: gets the point, and then she's off again. The throng
text: gets tighter. Frank's having to work harder, steering
text: her towards the door back into the hotel. The familiar
text: chant starts up: "Rachel, Rachel." It's starting to
text: resemble the frenzy of the opening scene. This time,
text: amid the thrusting hands and clamoring faces, a few
text: bewildered elderly guests look dazed as they are shoved
text: forward. A child starts crying, lost in the mess of legs
text: and Bermuda shorts. A distraught mother tries to reach
text: him. Someone is jostled into the pool as the crowd
text: surges again.
text: Amid the chaos, whistles and scattered applause. Rachel
dialog: drinks it all in.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: (over her shoulder)
dialog: Thank you. Thank you. Come
dialog: tonight and give till it hurts.
text: With a final surge, Frank makes it to the door with his
text: party. The door closes shut behind them. A mass of
text: distorted faces pushes onto the glass. The party walks
text: on briskly.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: (to Spector)
dialog: I'm beginning to wonder about your
dialog: judgement, Sy. Why do I have to
dialog: keep paying my dues if I've
dialog: already arrived?
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: SPECTOR
dialog: (very fast)
dialog: Kick me, beat me... whatever makes
dialog: you feel good. But let's not
dialog: pretend you don't like it. We're
dialog: too close for that. Whipping
dialog: people into a frenzy is why you
dialog: got into it in the first place.
text: Rachel's eyes lock with Spector's -- there's a real connec-
dialog: tion and understanding here that she spends a lot of time
text: denying. Frank sees it as clearly as Spector, whose tone
dialog: becomes almost soothing --
speaker_heading: SPECTOR
dialog: And it's nothing to be ashamed of,
dialog: either, not for a second. It's a
dialog: gift... and only a handful are
dialog: given it. Many call but few are
dialog: answered.
speaker_heading: SPECTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Don't fool with the blessing,
dialog: Rachel. The magic is sustained
dialog: through its use.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Now you're going to tell me about
dialog: magic? Give it a rest will ya...
speaker_heading: SPECTOR
dialog: I'm done. Not another word...
dialog: (a crooked smile)
dialog: ... I know you like to be reminded
dialog: sometimes.
text: Rachel looks away. It's true. He's good at his job.
scene_heading: 113 INT. GRAND CENTRAL ROOM - ON STAGE - NIGHT 113
text: In the spotlight, all alone, Rachel Marron works her magic.
text: She sings, as it was meant to be sung, "I Have Nothing."
text: One person does not look at Rachel. He stands in a
text: corner in front of the stage easily in the shadows. His
text: eyes continually scanning. Picking up every movement.
text: All alone. Watching.
scene_heading: 113A EXT. FONTAINEBLEAU HOTEL - NIGHT 113A
text: Fireworks explode over the water.
dialog: 82.
scene_heading: 114 INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 114
text: In the living room, the first night party is in full
text: swing. Crowded. Smoky. Noisy. Fireworks burst outside
text: the windows. People clap.
text: A mixed bag of upscale partygoers: women in party
text: dresses, men in open shirts, etc. A black pianist is
text: playing. Two bars at either end of the room. Waiters
text: work the room with platters of canapes.
scene_heading: 115 INT. RACHEL'S SUITE - OUTSIDE MASTER BEDROOM - NIGHT 115
text: Tony sits in a chair watching TV, a drink in his hand,
text: oblivious to all. The lifeguard shuts Rachel's door be-
text: hind him and makes his way down to the party. He pauses
text: at the head of the stairs, checking out the party, and
text: grabs a glass of champagne from a passing waiter. Frank
text: catches the movement; the two men briefly lock eyes. The
text: lifeguard responds with a knowing smile.
scene_heading: 116 EXT. HALLWAY OUTSIDE SUITE - NIGHT 116
text: Thuringer has set up a checkpoint through which all
text: guests are passing.
text: As they get off the elevator, they walk up to a desk
text: manned by one of Thuringer's uniformed guards. When
dialog: their names have been checked off a master list, they
text: walk past another guard wielding a metal detector. No
dialog: one likes it, but they all do it.
text: Most of the local TV stations have sent camera crews. The
text: handheld cameras move among the guests, their bright
text: lights flaring. FLASHBULBS POP. It's a local media
dialog: event.
text: Frank squints as a quartz light shines straight in his
dialog: face.
text: A tall, fit, athletic-looking man raises his arms; is
text: cleared by the metal detector. He is GREG PORTMAN.
scene_heading: 117 INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 117
text: Portman makes his way through the crowd to the bar. His
text: eyes scan the suite. His gaze settles on Frank checking
text: out the people who filter in. Portman appears next to
dialog: Frank.
speaker_heading: PORTMAN
dialog: Hello, Farmer.
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Portman.
speaker_heading: PORTMAN
dialog: Buy you a drink?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Orange juice. It's been awhile.
dialog: You on the job?
speaker_heading: PORTMAN
dialog: (nods)
dialog: Technically I'm off duty, but the
dialog: Governor may show up here later,
dialog: so I thought I'd give it a light
dialog: check.
dialog: (smiles)
text: Someone else is covering him right
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: How old is she?
speaker_heading: PORTMAN
dialog: Maybe eighteen. You working?
text: Rachel makes her entrance, and poses self-mocking on the
text: landing above the crowd, accepting applause. She has
text: succeeded in under-dressing everyone in the room. She
text: is a star. Frank nods in her direction... that's his
dialog: client.
speaker_heading: PORTMAN
dialog: (impressed)
dialog: No kidding? I'd call that a step
dialog: up from the President. Probably
dialog: sings better too.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Thank you. Thank you. You're
dialog: so right.
scene_heading: SCATTERED LAUGHS.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: I want everyone to have a good
dialog: time and drink as much of Ben
dialog: Schiller's liquor as you like.
text: Rachel descends into the crowd, laughing and blowing
dialog: kisses.
speaker_heading: PORTMAN
dialog: Handful.
dialog: Frank's look says if you only knew the half of it.
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: PORTMAN
dialog: I heard you had to take someone
dialog: out in New York.
dialog: Frank remembers.
speaker_heading: PORTMAN
dialog: I lost track of you after the
dialog: Reagan thing.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: PORTMAN
dialog: It wasn't your fault, Farmer.
dialog: You weren't even there.
text: A pause.
speaker_heading: PORTMAN
dialog: I got a call a couple of months
dialog: ago. That guy you were covering
dialog: in New York. He said you'd
dialog: recommended me.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Surprised?
speaker_heading: PORTMAN
dialog: A little.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: I never doubted your skills.
speaker_heading: PORTMAN
dialog: (laughs, good-
dialog: natured)
dialog: No. Only my qualifications for
dialog: the priesthood. You were always
dialog: clear about that. Anyway, I
dialog: appreciate it. I had to turn it
dialog: down but I appreciate it.
text: Portman notices Rachel looking at him, as she makes her
text: way to them. Rachel takes Frank's orange juice and sips.
dialog: Makes a very funny face.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: That's orange juice!
text: Rachel gives Portman an approving once-over.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Who are you?
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: PORTMAN
dialog: Greg Portman.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: I take it you've met my bodyguard?
speaker_heading: PORTMAN
dialog: We used to work together.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: (suddenly more
dialog: interested)
dialog: Ah... Well, well, well. And what
dialog: do you do now?
speaker_heading: PORTMAN
dialog: Same thing as Farmer.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: (looking between
dialog: them)
dialog: Two samurai, eh?
text: Frank and Portman eye each other.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: (to Portman)
dialog: Are you working now?
speaker_heading: PORTMAN
dialog: Not right now.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Good.
dialog: (she takes his arm)
dialog: 'cause I'm the only one in the
dialog: room who needs protection.
text: She gives Frank a look and leads Portman into the crowd.
scene_heading: 118 EXT. LIVING ROOM BALCONY - LATER 118
text: Rachel's taking a breather on the balcony, drinking cham-
text: pagne, talking to Portman and another couple. Everybody's
text: high and happy. Conversation bubbles.
speaker_heading: FRANK'S POV
text: Rachel leans into Portman; heads together, they whisper
text: intimately. Rachel laughs, then for a brief moment, turns
text: her head to look directly at Frank. Her look is petulant,
text: defiant. Portman does not see this.
scene_heading: 119 INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 119
dialog: 86.
text: Tony helps himself to a handful of canapes, he turns at
text: the sound of a COMMOTION out on the balcony. Someone's
text: horsing around, spraying champagne from a bottle over
text: everyone. A woman screams. Frank bolts for the balcony.
scene_heading: 121 EXT. ON BALCONY - NIGHT 121
text: Rachel and Portman are poised precariously halfway over
text: the railing. Frank's hand shoots out, grabs Rachel's
text: wrist and tugs at the pair of them.
text: Portman regains his balance first and pulls Rachel back
text: from the edge.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: What happened!
speaker_heading: PORTMAN
dialog: Somebody tripped. It's okay.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: (looking at Portman)
dialog: Thank God I had a bodyguard here.
text: She grasps the railing and looks over.
speaker_heading: RACHEL'S POV
text: Staring down twenty stories of distance between her and the
dialog: pool area.
text: Way, way below her, her champagne GLASS hits the tile
text: with a MUFFLED SHATTERING sound.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: It's a long way down, Frank.
dialog: (to Portman)
dialog: You saved my life.
text: Frank eyes the newly-welded anchor fixture. It has
dialog: held.
text: Rachel takes Portman by the arm. The front of her dress
text: is stained with champagne.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Maybe someone will keep an eye
dialog: on me while I change.
text: She leads Portman past Frank and up the stairs toward
text: her bedroom. Frank and Portman lock eyes. Portman
text: shrugs; he feels badly for Frank.
scene_heading: 122 INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 122
dialog: 87.
text: Frank walks to the bar taking a drink from his glass. He
text: looks in the mirror behind the bar and sees Rachel and
text: Portman in the hall outside her bedroom. She turns her
text: head to look directly at Frank's reflected face. Assured
text: that Frank is watching, she takes Portman's hand and leads
text: him into her room.
text: Frank sets his glass down and the bartender refills it
text: with orange juice. A stunning WOMAN IN GREEN glides down
text: the bar and stands very close to Frank.
speaker_heading: WOMAN IN GREEN
dialog: I've been watching you all night
text: from across the room.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Why don't you go back there and
dialog: keep watching?
text: Frank looks at Rachel's doorway, sipping his juice.
scene_heading: 123 INT. RACHEL'S BEDROOM - NIGHT 123
text: Rachel and Portman are kissing, with some heat.
text: Portman's hands are starting to explore her body.
scene_heading: 124 INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 124
text: Frank still looks at Rachel's doorway, thinking. After
text: a moment, he walks across the room to the sliding doors
text: that lead to the balcony outside.
scene_heading: 125 EXT. BALCONY - NIGHT 125
text: Frank steps outside. No one there. The moonlight re-
text: flects off the ocean. The SURF sounds a STEADY BEAT.
text: It is peaceful and quiet. A relief.
text: On the Katz's balcony, forty feet away, little Mark Katz
text: is leaning against the railing, staring at Rachel's
text: suite. Frank smiles at him.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Go to sleep.
text: Frank looks out at the ocean. After a pause, in the
text: background, Mark slips inside the Katz suite.
scene_heading: 126 INT. RACHEL'S BEDROOM - NIGHT 126
text: Rachel and Portman are still locked in the clinch.
text: Realizing what she's doing, Rachel suddenly pulls back,
dialog: 88.
dialog: catching herself.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: I'm not doing this.
speaker_heading: PORTMAN
dialog: (still holding her)
dialog: I think you are.
text: She steps out of his embrace.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: I said I was grateful. Thank you
dialog: and good night.
text: She looks to the door that leads back to the party. The
text: SOUNDS of CELEBRATION CONTINUE outside. She starts to
text: cross to the door.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: (cool)
dialog: Please go now.
text: Portman moves toward her as she opens the door, reaching
dialog: for her arm.
text: Then he sees, through the doorway, Tony standing in the
text: hall talking to a woman. Tony looks up at the sound of
text: the door and sees them both. Rachel slips quickly out
text: of Portman's grip.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Mr. Portman was just leaving us,
dialog: Tony.
text: Portman hesitates, then smiles at Rachel and Tony and,
text: with a quick peck on Rachel's cheek, slips past them back
dialog: to the party.
text: Rachel briefly scans the party crowd over Tony's shoulder
text: but she doesn't see Frank. The door closes, leaving her
text: alone in the room again. She reaches for a bottle of
text: Scotch and raises it to her mouth, drinking straight
text: from the bottle.
scene_heading: 127 EXT. BALCONY - NIGHT 127
text: Frank looks out at the ocean.
text: ECHOING on the soundtrack, we hear the song 'WHAT BECOMES
text: OF THE BROKEN HEARTED' that Rachel and Frank danced to.
text: It sounds slow and sweet and a long way away.
text: Frank stares out at the ocean. Totally divorced from
text: everything in the suite behind him, in the world around
dialog: him. There is only the moon and the ocean. For this
dialog: 89.
text: one moment, his guard is down.
scene_heading: 127A INT. PRESIDENTIAL SUITE - LIVING ROOM - DAY 127A
text: A chambermaid is Hoovering the floor. Rachel steps out
text: of her bedroom. She looks terrible. Hungover, she is
text: wearing sunglasses and a loose smock. It is noon of the
dialog: following day.
scene_heading: 130 INT. PRESIDENTIAL SUITE - KITCHEN - DAY 130
text: Frank is sitting at the kitchen table eating a sandwich.
text: Behind him, in the dining room, a Cuban maid has set a
text: place with breakfast. She is pouring orange juice as
text: Rachel walks in.
text: Rachel sits down at the table as though the walk in had
text: been a terrible effort. She looks at the breakfast with
text: distaste and picks up the coffee. Frank continues to eat.
text: Rachel looks at him.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: (nasty)
dialog: What the hell are you looking at?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You probably never had a heavy
dialog: night in your whole, goddamn
dialog: disciplined life.
text: Frank looks at her, continues to eat.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: You know, Farmer, you're a self-
dialog: righteous son-of-a-bitch.
text: Frank has to smile at this, which makes Rachel even
dialog: angrier.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Don't laugh at me, goddamit! And
dialog: don't you dare judge me.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Give me a break, will ya? I
dialog: didn't tell you to fuck everybody
dialog: in the hotel!
scene_heading: 132 INT. CLEANING SUPPLY WAREHOUSE - DAY 132
text: Special Agents Court and Minella are watching the general
text: manager of the supply house as he pries the top off a huge
text: canister marked "INDUSTRIAL DETERGENT." The general
text: manager lifts the lid to reveal white powder.
dialog: 90.
text: He talks animatedly and gestures around the warehouse.
text: Court listens, nodding. Minella spoons some of the
dialog: powder into a plastic bag and seals it. OVER this we
text: hear Court's voice, filtered as on a telephone line.
speaker_heading: COURT (V.O.)
text: It matches the traces in the glue,
dialog: Frank. We're getting to him.
dialog: We're gonna nail this fucker.
scene_heading: 133 INT. FONTAINEBLEAU - LOBBY - DAY 133
text: Frank is on the courtesy phone.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Yeah, well, don't take too long,
dialog: Ray.
speaker_heading: COURT (V.O.)
dialog: Hey, Frank. It's good money,
dialog: isn't it?
text: Frank hangs up.
scene_heading: 134 INT. 20TH FLOOR HALLWAY - OUTSIDE PRESIDENTIAL SUITE - 134
speaker_heading: DAY
text: The elevator door opens and Frank steps out. He
text: walks toward the entrance to the suite and is
text: immediately alarmed by what he sees: there is no
text: uniformed guard by the front door. He unlocks the
text: door and goes inside.
scene_heading: 135 INT. PRESIDENTIAL SUITE - ENTRANCE - DAY 135
text: Frank comes in and looks around quickly.
scene_heading: FRANK'S POV - LIVING ROOM
text: Looking over living room, hallways, balcony. No one in
text: sight. Nothing disturbed.
text: Devaney comes out of Rachel's bedroom, a panicked look
text: on his face.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: They face each other across the gulf of the living
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Where is she? Where's Tony?
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: I don't know. I thought you were
dialog: with her.
scene_heading: 138 INT. SUITE - LIVING ROOM - DAY 138
text: Frank is at the telephone; he punches out three
dialog: numbers.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Thuringer, this is Farmer. Where's
dialog: your man on the door to the suite?
dialog: (listens)
dialog: Well get someone up here.
text: Frank hangs up the phone, looks at Devaney.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: He doesn't know.
text: They look at each other, worried. Frank walks out onto
text: the balcony, looks round and down, comes back in. He
text: heads for the front door.
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: Where are you going?
scene_heading: 139 INT. SUITE - ENTRANCE HALL - DAY 139
text: Frank is almost at the door. We hear LAUGHTER. A key
text: turns in the lock. Rachel and Tony come through the
text: door in high spirits, their arms full of shopping bags
dialog: and packages.
text: Frank stops dead and watches. Rachel glances at him and
text: goes into the living room. Tony looks at him meaning-
text: fully and follows. Frank reflects for a moment, then
text: pulls the front door closed, oh so gently.
scene_heading: 140 INT. SUITE - LIVING ROOM - DAY 140
text: Rachel drops packages around and goes to the bar, pours
text: herself a drink. Tony takes some packages to Rachel's
dialog: bedroom.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Hello, Devaney.
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: Rachel, where the hell have you
dialog: been?
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Tony and I went over to Bal
dialog: Harbour. Did a little shopping.
text: Tony comes back, a smile playing across his lips. Frank
text: watches near the entrance.
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: We were worried.
dialog: (looks at Frank,
dialog: talks to Rachel)
dialog: You know you're not supposed to do
dialog: that.
text: Frank and Rachel look at each other.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Farmer, you work here! Do you
dialog: understand that? You work for me.
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: Rachel.
text: Frank turns and heads for the door. Devaney looks at
text: him anxiously.
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: Farmer, where are you going?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I'm gonna check the route. As
dialog: usual.
text: He opens the front door. A uniformed guard is standing
text: outside. Frank goes out and closes the door.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Did Fletcher call?
text: Devaney, staring after Frank, shakes his head "no."
scene_heading: 141 INT. SERVICE ELEVATOR - DAY 141
text: Frank's face shows the tension and the anger. The ele-
text: vator descends.
scene_heading: 141A INT. KITCHEN - DAY 141A
text: Frank walks along the edge of the kitchen, looks over
text: the workers. A kitchen worker is in Frank's path. He
text: looks up, sees Frank's face and scurries out of his way.
scene_heading: 142 INT. BASEMENT - SERVICE CORRIDOR - DAY 142
dialog: 93.
text: Frank walks along checking the corridor. At each door-
text: way, he stops, looks inside.
text: One room is dark. He flicks on the light. Near the door
text: is a pile of wooden crates, placed unnaturally out from
text: the wall. Frank walks over and looks inside. They are
text: discarded vegetable crates. Frank goes back to the door
text: and yells toward the kitchen.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Gomez! Louis Gomez!
text: He waits impatiently. No one comes. Two quick steps and
text: he is back at the CRATES, throwing them violently into
text: the corner where they CLATTER loudly to the floor. Frank
text: walks on along the corridor.
text: He stops, noticing something around the side.
text: He investigates.
text: An ENORMOUS CUBAN is sitting on some boxes in the
text: shadows. He doesn't bat an eye when he sees Frank.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: ENORMOUS CUBAN
dialog: Is none of you fuckin' business.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Move it.
text: The Enormous Cuban gets slowly up from the boxes. He
text: towers over Frank.
speaker_heading: ENORMOUS CUBAN
dialog: Shove it up you ass, motherfucker.
text: Frank has had enough for one afternoon. He hits the
text: Cuban low and hard. The man crumples forward, hurt,
text: but manages to enfold Frank in an awesome bear hug. His
text: weight carries them backward in Frank's direction.
text: The Cuban continues moving in that direction, but Frank
text: is no longer in his grasp. Instead, incredibly, Frank
text: seems to have passed through the man's body and flicked
text: him into the corner of the stairwell.
text: The Cuban hits the wall hard. Jarred but not lost, he
text: comes up and out wielding a long mop as if it were a
dialog: baseball bat.
text: Frank steps in and under the man's long arms and hits him
text: four times around the chest and jaw. Each of Frank's
text: hands lands twice, their movement is barely visible.
text: The solid THUDDING tells the story. Frank strikes both
dialog: 94.
text: the Cuban's ears simultaneously with cupped hands.
text: The Cuban goes down, stunned. Frank, his expression
text: fierce, is upon him immediately. Frank's arms entwine
text: the Cuban's and he begins to lift him roughly. At the
text: end of the corridor, a woman screams.
speaker_heading: CLEANING WOMAN (O.S.)
dialog: Stop! Please. Don't hurt him.
dialog: Please stop!
text: Frank looks up. A hotel CLEANING WOMAN, carrying her
text: purse, is running towards them, tears already on her
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: CLEANING WOMAN
dialog: Don't hurt my husband, mister. He
dialog: not up to nothing.
text: Frank lets the Cuban down gently and stands up. Dis-
text: gusted with himself. Breathing hard, he leans back
text: against the wall. The Cleaning Woman falls to her knees
text: and hugs her husband protectively.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I'm sorry.
text: Frank steps away, rubs a hand through his hair, tries to
dialog: collect himself.
text: He's standing amidst dumpsters and discarded food boxes.
text: He looks up and sees a marquee.
scene_heading: RACHEL MARRON. TONITE. BENEFIT CONCERT. 8 P.M.
scene_heading: 145A INT. RACHEL'S BEDROOM - NIGHT 145A
text: Rachel is seated at her dressing table applying her
text: makeup for the evening's performance. The telephone
text: RINGS as she begins to work on her hair.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Fletcher?
dialog: No response.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Baby, is that you? It's mommy,
dialog: honey.
speaker_heading: DAN (V.O.)
dialog: (eerily distorted)
dialog: Guess again, whore! Fuck you and
dialog: fuck Miami. I'm coming for you.
dialog: I know where you are and I'm
dialog: coming for you...
dialog: 95.
text: Rachel is paralyzed by fear, unable to hang up the phone.
scene_heading: 146 INT. PRESIDENTIAL SUITE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 146
text: Frank comes in the front door. He's had it. Devaney,
text: who has been sitting alone in the living room, stubs out
text: a cigarette and stands to meet him. Frank doesn't pause.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I'm through. I'll get you back to
dialog: L.A. and that's it. The guy with
dialog: Fletcher can cover you till you get
dialog: a replacement.
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: She got another call, while you
dialog: were downstairs and she answered it
dialog: herself. It was him, Frank. Same
dialog: guy.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (moving toward
dialog: balcony)
dialog: I don't care.
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: Farmer, it really shook her up.
dialog: She thought it was going to be
dialog: Fletcher calling her from L.A. I
dialog: think she'll be reasonable now.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (across him)
dialog: Save it, Devaney. The people who
dialog: hire me don't have to be convinced
dialog: to save their own lives.
text: Frank reaches the sliding door that leads to the balcony.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Call me when she's ready to go
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: Farmer --
text: Frank goes out on the balcony and slides the door closed
text: behind him.
scene_heading: 147 EXT. BALCONY - NIGHT 147
text: Frank looks out at the ocean. The breeze washes over his
text: face. A huge brightly-lit yacht is sailing by, close to
text: shore. Frank looks at it reflectively.
dialog: 96.
text: He senses another presence and looks to his right.
text: Rachel sits huddled in a balcony chair. The bright moon-
text: light illuminates her as she looks out to sea. She is
text: wearing one of her spectacular show gowns, her hair has
text: been brushed, and her stage makeup has been applied. But
text: tonight it hasn't come together. It doesn't work. She
text: holds a cigarette and the breeze keeps it glowing. This
dialog: is the only time we've seen her smoke.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Farmer... Nothing that's happened
dialog: between us matters... I understand
dialog: now... You're going to have to
dialog: believe me, because I'm not going
dialog: to beg.
text: She takes a long drag on her cigarette.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: It wasn't what he said... it was
dialog: the way he said it... he was so...
text: Her voice cracks. She stops and tries to compose herself.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: I need you... I'm afraid... and I
dialog: hate it. I hate my fear...
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Please protect me... Protect
dialog: Fletcher... If anything happened
dialog: to him...
text: Frank looks at her. Tears are destroying her elaborate
text: stage makeup. She wipes them away with her hand.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I can't protect you like this.
dialog: It's impossible. The odds are on
dialog: his side.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: I'll do whatever you say.
text: This is the first time Frank has ever heard Rachel say
text: that. He studies her, then looks out at the ocean.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I want to take you away for
dialog: a while.
text: Rachel nods.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Somewhere people don't know about.
text: She nods again, agreeing.
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: No Spector or Devaney or Tony.
text: He looks at her, reading her face for any hesitation.
dialog: There is none.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: If you cross me up this time, I'll
dialog: kill you myself.
text: Rachel smiles, weakly but with obvious relief.
scene_heading: 148 EXT. HERB FARMER'S HOUSE (BEND, OREGON) - LAKE SIDE - 148
speaker_heading: DAY
text: A large, old, two-story house sits at the top of a slight
text: rise, surrounded on three sides by thick, rolling woods.
text: Sloping gently down from the house to the lake fifty yards
text: away is a broad expanse of lawn. Snow lies on the ground
text: and in the trees. At the edge of the lake, a dock and
text: boathouse. An entrance road cuts out of the trees.
text: A little TERRIER skitters to the edge of the drive
text: BARKING.
text: A van emerges from the trees, tires CRUNCHING through the
dialog: snow.
text: Frank's father, HERB, steps onto the front porch. He's
text: in his mid-60's, lean, tan and fit. He's wearing a plaid
text: shirt, jeans and cowboy boots.
text: The van stops in front of the house. Frank steps out
text: from the driver's seat and eyes his dad.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Lake's a little low.
speaker_heading: HERB
text: Fill up soon enough when she thaws.
dialog: (glancing at the van)
dialog: They all in trouble?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Just one.
scene_heading: 149 INT. LIVING ROOM - DAY 149
text: Herb squats on the floor with Fletcher. Together, they
text: are happily playing around with the fluffy terrier.
text: Fletcher squeals with delight as the dog licks his face.
text: Henry brings the remaining luggage through. Rachel and
text: Nicki stand with Frank near the archway. All eyes are on
dialog: 98.
text: Fletcher, Herb and the dog. Rachel eyes the dog
text: skeptically.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: That's going to protect us?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: He's a trained noisemaker.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Terrific.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I don't like big dogs. They don't
dialog: know who they're eating.
scene_heading: 150 INT. KITCHEN - LATE AFTERNOON 150
text: Herb stands beside a butcher block, cutting vegetables
text: for the evening meal with a practiced hand. Rachel
text: watches, drink in hand, looking around the kitchen. It
text: has been neatly organized.
speaker_heading: HERB
dialog: Katherine had this place organized
dialog: just the way she wanted it.
dialog: (seeing her
dialog: questioning look)
dialog: Frank's momma.
text: There's the COUGH and SPUTTER of an outboard MOTOR from
text: outside. Rachel looks from the kitchen window and sees
text: Fletcher and Frank in the small skiff by the dock.
text: Fletcher tugs again on the starter cord. At the third
text: tug he tumbles backwards onto the seat.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Fletcher doesn't swim well.
speaker_heading: HERB
dialog: I guess he'd better stay in the
dialog: boat then.
dialog: (his smile puts
dialog: her at ease)
dialog: Frank tells me you're a singer.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: That's right.
speaker_heading: HERB
dialog: I'm afraid we're a little out of
dialog: touch here. I'm sorry.
text: Rachel waves this off.
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: HERB
dialog: You must be very successful to
dialog: need Frank.
text: Rachel smiles and looks out of the window.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: It's so quiet here.
speaker_heading: HERB
dialog: Frank came back and stayed six
dialog: months after the Reagan thing.
text: Rachel's questioning look encourages Herb.
speaker_heading: HERB
dialog: Frank wasn't there the day he was
dialog: shot. He never got over that.
dialog: (a long pause)
dialog: We buried Katherine that day.
text: Rachel looks out again at Frank and Fletcher in the boat.
scene_heading: 151 EXT. ON LAKE - SUNSET 151
text: Fletcher, Rachel and Frank are chugging across the golden
text: water in the skiff. Fletcher sits at the back, operating
text: the outboard, controlling the movements of the boat. He
text: wears a life vest. Rachel watches him proudly. Fletcher
text: locks the throttle into place and takes his hands off it
dialog: for a laughing moment with a "Look, Mom, no hands"
dialog: gesture.
text: Rachel looks to Frank and smiles, the wind blowing her
dialog: hair.
scene_heading: WIDE ON LAKE - DUSK
text: CAMERA is DOWN at water level by the lake's edge. In the
text: distance, the small boat skims across the surface. A
text: light mist is coming up.
scene_heading: 152 EXT. BOATHOUSE - DUSK 152
text: Henry helps Fletcher tie up the boat for the night. It
text: is much foggier now and almost dark.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I don't want anyone going out in
dialog: it until you've checked it over
dialog: first. Okay? Every time.
text: Henry nods.
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Every time.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Every time.
text: In the distance, Rachel and Fletcher have just reached
text: the house where Nicki scoops up Fletcher and spins him
text: round and round in a circle. She hugs him close and
text: kisses his hair. After a few moments, Fletcher squirms
text: free and runs to catch up with Rachel.
scene_heading: 153 INT. HALLWAY - LATER 153
text: Rachel, munching on a raw carrot, browses a row of family
text: photographs. The sounds of dinner being prepared come
text: from the kitchen.
dialog: We see the history of the family in the pictures; Frank
text: as a ten-year-old baseball player with a younger Herb;
text: Herb as Police Chief of Bend, Oregon, being given a civic
dialog: award; Frank as a college football wide receiver; Herb
text: and Katherine Farmer, all dressed up and being introduced
text: to Jimmy Carter by Frank; the picture-perfect family home
text: in Oregon with Katherine tending flowers.
text: Rachel notices a photo of a smiling Henry Kissinger,
text: talking to some female reporters. There standing
text: shoulder-to-shoulder with him, are Frank and Portman.
text: Portman's also smiling at the women, flirting. Frank is
text: in a familiar pose, alert, unsmiling, vigilant. Rachel
text: looks at the two of them for a second.
text: Frank steps from the kitchen with an orange juice and a
text: drink for Rachel in his hand. He watches her for a
text: moment as she studies the photo.
text: She turns and sees him. They lock eyes for several
text: seconds. She smiles as he hands her the drink.
speaker_heading: FRANK
text: (inclining his head
dialog: toward the photo)
dialog: Portman sometimes had trouble
dialog: remembering what his job was.
dialog: Supper's ready.
text: We can see from Rachel's face that she feels embarrassed
dialog: about her behavior in Miami.
scene_heading: 154 INT. DINING ROOM - LATER THAT NIGHT 154
text: The meal has been enthusiastically consumed. Fletcher's
text: manhandling a chicken leg, his face covered with crumbs
text: and drippings. Rachel shakes her head, laughing.
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: HERB
dialog: ... And I never hit him. Ever.
dialog: To this day.
dialog: (to Frank)
dialog: That's true, isn't it?
dialog: (to Rachel)
dialog: That's very unusual for my people.
dialog: So what happens? When he's ten
dialog: years old, he complains about it?
dialog: Can you believe that?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Oh, for Chrissake! I'm going to
dialog: tell her about the time you
dialog: stripped in court.
text: Frank gets up smiling and takes some dishes into the kitchen.
speaker_heading: HERB
dialog: (to Frank)
dialog: I don't care. I'm proud of that.
dialog: (to Rachel)
dialog: Anyway, he's ten years old and
dialog: he's just started playing tackle
dialog: football. He comes to me and
dialog: tells me he's afraid of getting
dialog: hit, right? And he thinks it's
dialog: because I never hit him. 'Why don't
dialog: you ever hit me?' he says to me!
scene_heading: 155 INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT 155
text: Frank puts down the dishes in the darkened kitchen.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (back over his
dialog: shoulder)
dialog: If you're lucky, maybe he'll
dialog: tell you about my first jockstrap.
text: As he speaks, he peers out through the window at the
text: lake. We hear Herb's voice continue from the other room.
speaker_heading: HERB (O.S.)
dialog: He got over it: Turned into a
dialog: helluva wide receiver. He
dialog: couldn't stand being afraid. When
dialog: he found something that scared
dialog: him, he'd just do it 'til the fear
dialog: went away.
scene_heading: 156 INT. DINING ROOM - NIGHT 156
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: HERB
dialog: His mother was the same way.
text: Rachel smiles at him, thinking, then looks through at
text: Frank in the kitchen, still peering out of the windows.
text: Nicki watches Rachel.
scene_heading: 157 INT. LIVING ROOM - LATER 157
text: Herb delicately lifts a chessboard from the top of a
text: cabinet and walks it over to the table: A half-finished
text: game. He leans over and blows on the pieces -- sending
text: a small cloud of dust into the air.
speaker_heading: HERB
dialog: Come on, son, you can run but you
dialog: can't hide.
text: Herb pulls up a chair and smiles as Frank appears from
text: the kitchen, a bowl of popcorn in his hand. Frank takes
text: a place across from his dad by the fire. The others
dialog: gather round.
speaker_heading: HERB
dialog: Your move.
text: Frank studies the board. Rachel lowers her head into a
text: cupped hand, fascinated.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: How long has this game been going
dialog: on?
text: Frank picks up a knight, thinks, sets it back down.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Three years.
text: Nicki takes the bowl of popcorn and squats down with it
text: beside Fletcher. Fletcher peers intently at the board
text: as he chews on a handful.
speaker_heading: HERB
dialog: He had me on the run there that
dialog: first year.
text: Frank picks up his rook, scratches his forehead with it.
text: He turns to Fletcher.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: What do you think?
text: Fletcher finishes a mouthful of popcorn, wipes his mouth.
speaker_heading: FLETCHER
dialog: Knight to king-four.
dialog: 103.
text: Frank, Herbert and Rachel turn in synch and stare at the
dialog: boy.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: City kid.
text: Herb pats his leg, gesturing to Fletcher to take a place
text: on his lap.
speaker_heading: HERB
dialog: Come over here, Fletcher, sit by
dialog: me.
text: Fletcher goes over and joins him.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Well, that's it for me, I'm
dialog: going to bed.
text: She rises. Frank follows her up the stairs. Nicki
text: watches them go.
scene_heading: 158 INT. UPSTAIRS HALL - NIGHT 158
text: Frank stops at the end of the hallway, checking the lock
text: on the window, the little terrier is at his heels.
text: Rachel pauses outside the door. Frank gestures for the
text: dog to stay. The dog sits in the middle of the hallway
text: looking from one to the other. For a few seconds neither
dialog: speaks.
text: Frank smiles.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Good night, Rachel.
text: Rachel accepts this. She smiles in return and touches
text: him on the arm, very tenderly.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Good night, Frank.
text: Rachel turns, goes to her room and closes the door.
scene_heading: 159 EXT. FARMER HOUSE - NIGHT 159
text: Details are barely distinguishable in the fog. We hear
text: the gentle LAPPING of the LAKEWATER against the dock.
scene_heading: 160 INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 160
text: Fletcher is asleep, snuggled on Herb's lap by the fire.
text: Herb is also asleep. Frank fetches a blanket and gently
dialog: 104.
text: covers them both. He puts out the light.
scene_heading: 161 INT. ENTRANCE HALL - NIGHT 161
text: Frank steps quietly into the hall. Nicki is standing
text: in the shadows. She watches as Frank goes through the
text: ritual of locking the front door, several ways.
speaker_heading: NICKI
dialog: (softly)
dialog: You're very thorough.
scene_heading: VARIOUS SHOTS - AROUND INTERIOR
text: Frank makes a circuit through the rooms of the first
text: floor, checking windows and doors. Nicki tags along.
speaker_heading: NICKI
dialog: What's happening between you
dialog: and Rachel?
text: Frank glances at her.
speaker_heading: NICKI
dialog: Come on. One minute she's got
dialog: magnetic hands, the next she hates
dialog: you. I can't figure out what it
dialog: is now.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You follow all her moves this
dialog: closely?
speaker_heading: NICKI
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: It's a living.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: No, it isn't.
text: He moves away into the next room. She hesitates a
text: moment, then follows.
speaker_heading: NICKI
dialog: You think my life is pretty
dialog: sickly, don't you?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: NICKI
dialog: You must. I do.
text: Frank steps into a tight, dark, little window alcove,
text: checks the windows.
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Why don't you change it?
speaker_heading: NICKI
dialog: Is it that easy?
text: Frank turns from the window to find Nicki blocking his exit.
text: She moves close to him and kisses him, her hands on his
text: shoulders. The kiss ends and they look at each other.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You're a lovely woman.
speaker_heading: NICKI
dialog: But you don't want me.
text: Frank's look affirms it. Nicki is embarrassed, angry.
speaker_heading: NICKI
dialog: I'm surprised. Thorough fellow
dialog: like you. Why stop at one sister
dialog: when you can fuck them both?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I make my mistakes.
speaker_heading: NICKI
dialog: But you didn't say no to the boss.
text: She starts to turn away from him, but his hands are on her
text: now, holding her close, refusing to let her turn away.
text: Their faces are very close. It is tight and near here.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (with force)
dialog: No, don't go away, Nicki. Don't
dialog: leave me with that. Tell me about
dialog: it. Tell me how long you've been
dialog: second. Tell me how she has a
dialog: child and you don't. Tell me
dialog: something. But don't turn away
dialog: and try to stick it on me.
text: Nicki twists in his grip. He holds her tight.
speaker_heading: NICKI
dialog: I don't need this from you.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Maybe I need it. I'm fed up with
dialog: people telling me they have no
dialog: control over their lives. If you
dialog: hate your life so much, turn it
dialog: around.
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: NICKI
dialog: It's not so simple.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Yes it is. You can walk out that
dialog: fucking door anytime you want.
dialog: I'll unlock it for you.
text: Nicki looks up into his face. Tears start in her eyes.
speaker_heading: NICKI
dialog: Let me go.
text: He releases her, looks at her.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Okay. It's not my business.
text: He moves away, OUT OF FRAME. We HOLD ON Nicki, a long
dialog: time.
scene_heading: 162 EXT. LAKE - DAY 162
text: Bright sun. Frank and his father walk along the lake
text: shoreline, stooping here and there to finger animal
text: prints in the snow and mud.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Raccoon... deer...?
text: Herb nods.
text: Their attention is drawn to soft singing up by the house.
scene_heading: 162A EXT. PORCH - DAY 162A
text: Nicki absently sings an old gospel tune as she tosses
text: breakfast scraps to a group of hungry ducks gathered by
dialog: the porch.
scene_heading: 162B EXT. LAKE - DAY 162B
speaker_heading: HERB
dialog: I've never heard church music in
text: the middle of the week before.
scene_heading: 162C EXT. PORCH - DAY 162C
text: Nicki's soft voice is joined by Rachel's strong harmony,
text: and the two men watch as Rachel comes out to join her
text: sister on the porch, startling Nicki. Both sing for a
text: moment, together. Then Nicki stops, embarrassed. Rachel
text: gives her a hug.
dialog: 107.
scene_heading: 162D EXT. LAKE - DAY 162D
text: Herb and Frank are about to return to the house. They
text: stop short. There, at their feet, is a line of human
text: foot prints, from heavy snow boots, leading away into
text: the trees. Frank looks at Herb, suddenly alert.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Where's Fletcher?
text: Henry appears at the porch of the house, carrying a
text: fishing rod as he comes out. At that instant, the sound
text: of the OUTBOARD MOTOR CRACKLES through the air. Frank's
text: head snaps toward the boathouse. Henry, in the distance,
text: looks quickly at the boathouse, then to Frank.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Frank! I haven't...
text: But Frank is already moving, leaping from the porch
text: and starting to run flat out toward the boathouse
dialog: and dock.
text: Rachel turns to look.
text: The skiff appears out of the boathouse, Fletcher at the
text: motor, the boat's lone occupant. The boat moves slowly
text: away from the boathouse, parallel to the dock.
text: Frank is running toward the water with everything he's
text: got, his face contorted. The sound of the OUTBOARD
text: drowns out his voice as he yells.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Fletcher! Fletcher!
speaker_heading: IN BOAT
text: Fletcher, intent on his piloting, neither hears nor sees
text: Frank running down the lawn behind him. The boat is
text: approaching the end of the dock.
speaker_heading: DOCK
text: Frank finally makes it to the dock and continues to
text: sprint after the boat. His weight rattles the boards
text: as he runs.
speaker_heading: IN BOAT
text: Fletcher passes the end of the dock and gives the
text: throttle a little twist.
speaker_heading: DOCK
dialog: 108.
text: Frank reaches the end of the dock at a full run and dives
text: directly at the rear of the moving boat. Frank's body
text: flies out over the boat. He knocks Fletcher out of his
text: seat and into the water on the other side of the skiff.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: (screams)
dialog: No! He can't swim!
speaker_heading: IN WATER
text: Frank holds the terrified, shaking Fletcher in his arms.
text: Fletcher begins to cry. Frank paddles with him toward
text: the dock. The empty boat swerves, then continues out
text: toward the center of the lake.
speaker_heading: DOCK
text: Henry and Rachel are already at the end of the dock. Nicki
text: and Herb are running toward it. Rachel is livid, hysterical.
text: Henry peers out at the boat, which continues to bounce
text: innocently across the water, defining a broad curve.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Fletcher, baby. Are you all
dialog: right? Baby.
text: Fletcher, spluttering, is handed up to Rachel by Frank.
text: Rachel hugs Fletcher to her. Herb bends down to check
text: he's breathing properly, wrapping the boy in his jacket.
speaker_heading: HERB
dialog: He's all right.
text: Henry helps Frank up out of the water. Frank sits on
text: the end of the dock, breathing hard.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: What are you doing? You out of
dialog: your mind? You're crazy!
dialog: (to Fletcher)
dialog: You're all right, baby.
dialog: (back to Frank)
dialog: You could have drowned him!
text: Frank and Henry look out toward the boat which has come
text: to a stop out in the middle of the lake.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I'm sorry. I got careless.
text: Henry looks at Frank. He feels terrible about not
text: checking the boat.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Frank, I'm sorry. I should have...
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: HERB
dialog: It's okay, Henry.
text: Herb puts his hand on Fletcher's head.
speaker_heading: HERB
dialog: You all right now, son?
text: Fletcher nods, his crying ends raggedly. Frank begins
dialog: to stand up.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: How do we get the boat back?
text: Out in the center of the lake, the BOAT BLOWS UP. Every-
text: one on the dock jumps.
text: Nicki screams.
text: Frank sits down again. He shakes his head. On an
text: impulse, he stretches out his hand, palm downward. It's
text: trembling slightly.
scene_heading: 162E INT. BEDROOM - DAY 162E
text: Rachel and Nicki hurriedly pack their bags. Fletcher
text: hovers nearby.
scene_heading: 162F EXT. SHED/GARAGE - DAY
speaker_heading: 162F
text: Frank slides out from under the van. The hood is up.
text: Henry stands nearby. Frank goes to the driver's seat.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (to Henry)
dialog: Back off.
text: Henry moves away from the van. Frank inserts the key in
dialog: the ignition.
scene_heading: 162G EXT. PORCH - DAY 162G
text: Herb comes out of the house, fast. His eyes scan the
text: woods as he heads towards the shed.
speaker_heading: HERB
dialog: Frank!
text: Henry turns and motions to Herb to stay away.
scene_heading: 162H INT. VAN - DAY 162H
dialog: 110.
text: Frank takes a moment, then turns the key. Nothing. The
text: van is dead.
scene_heading: 162-I EXT. LAWN - DAY 162-I
text: Henry and Herb watch. Frank gets out of the van. He
text: walks to Herb.
speaker_heading: HERB
dialog: Someone's cut the phone lines. It
dialog: could be anywhere between here and
dialog: town.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Both the cars are dead. And I
dialog: can't see how it was done.
text: Frank and Herb exchange a look.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Who could know we're here? This
dialog: place has nothing to do with her.
speaker_heading: HERB
dialog: Maybe it has to do with you.
text: Frank looks at him.
speaker_heading: HERB
dialog: We can't walk out of here at
dialog: night with them.
text: Frank shakes his head.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: We'll button down tonight and
text: walk out at first light.
scene_heading: 162J EXT. FARMER HOUSE - NIGHT 162J
text: There is a light ground-mist. The moon shines down
text: down brightly but the house is totally dark.
scene_heading: 162K INT. HOUSE - MONTAGE - NIGHT 162K
text: The terrier dog listens in the upstairs hallway. Herb
text: watches from an upstairs window. Rachel lies in bed,
text: clutching Fletcher tightly.
scene_heading: 164 INT. LIVING ROOM - MIDDLE OF NIGHT 164
text: Frank has been sitting in a chair in the center of the
text: living room for two hours. Listening. Now we listen
dialog: 111.
text: with him. At first it seems silent, but slowly we become
text: aware of a subtle symphony of sounds. An old house sur-
text: rounded by WOODS. There are lots of NOISES. But they
dialog: are regular, innocent.
text: Frank is aware of a new noise, a gentle sobbing coming
text: from nearby. He picks up his gun from the table beside
text: him and goes into the kitchen.
scene_heading: 166 INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT 166
text: Nicki is sitting with her head in her hands at the kitchen
text: table, sobbing. There's a nearly empty bottle beside
text: her. Frank is instantly on the alert but makes no sign.
speaker_heading: NICKI
dialog: (crying)
dialog: I was an idiot last night.
text: There is a long pause.
speaker_heading: NICKI
dialog: What do you think about today?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (gently)
dialog: I think this is no maniac. He
dialog: knows what he's doing.
text: There is a long, long silence. Nicki continues crying.
dialog: Finally --
speaker_heading: NICKI
dialog: You're right. He does.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Tell me about it.
text: She doesn't reply.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Who is it, Nicki?
speaker_heading: NICKI
dialog: He almost got Fletcher today...
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: How do we stop him?
speaker_heading: NICKI
dialog: ...my darling Fletcher...
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Who is it?
speaker_heading: NICKI
dialog: 112.
dialog: I don't know. I don't know.
text: Frank goes to her, treats her gently, like a doctor.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You can call him off.
speaker_heading: NICKI
dialog: (shaking her head)
text: He doesn't even know who hired him.
dialog: He doesn't know who I am and I
dialog: don't know who he is.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: How'd you do it?
text: She seems on the edge of hysteria. Frank takes her face
text: in his hands, strokes her hair, brings her back from the
text: brink.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: NICKI
dialog: ...I went to a bar in East L.A. I
dialog: asked around... I talked to a
dialog: man...
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Name?
speaker_heading: NICKI
dialog: (vague)
dialog: ...Armando... He arranged it.
dialog: That's all I know...
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Is it all paid for?
speaker_heading: NICKI
dialog: (nods)
dialog: ... and then some... Till it's done.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: He keeps going until he kills her?
text: Nicki nods again, lowering her face into her hands.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: What's the name of the bar?
speaker_heading: NICKI
dialog: I'm not sure... I was very stoned.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: How 'bout the letters?
dialog: 113.
speaker_heading: NICKI
dialog: (desperately)
dialog: No, no. You don't understand.
dialog: The letters came first. I don't
dialog: know who's sending them... but
dialog: they're reading my mind... Those
dialog: were my thoughts. I hate her. It
dialog: made me think I could do it... But
dialog: I could never hurt Fletcher.
dialog: Never.
dialog: (begging him)
dialog: You've got to stop it!
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: We will. You and me. Tomorrow
dialog: we're going back to L.A. We're
dialog: going to find the bar, we're going
dialog: to find Armando.
text: He starts to rise. She stops him.
speaker_heading: NICKI
dialog: Don't you even want to know why?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You told me. She has everything.
text: Frank stands up and begins to move across the room. Nicki
text: puts her face in her hands and is silent for one moment.
text: Suddenly, Frank freezes, listening.
speaker_heading: NICKI
dialog: What if we can't --
text: Frank motions her into silence. We strain to hear what
text: Frank hears. Silently, Frank goes to the door, crouch
text: ing. He listens. There again is a DISTANT GROWL from
text: the DOG upstairs.
text: Frank lifts his gun from the table, turns to Nicki.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Stay here. Don't move.
text: Nicki's face shows true terror.
text: Frank is out the door.
scene_heading: 168 INT. STAIRS - NIGHT 168
text: Frank runs up them fast. Two at a time.
scene_heading: 169 INT. SECOND FLOOR HALL - NIGHT 169
dialog: 114.
text: Frank travels close to the wall, very quickly. He stops,
text: listens. The TERRIER looks at Frank but still GROWLS.
text: Frank throws open Rachel's door. Rachel gasps in
text: surprise and clutches at Fletcher. Frank hears a noise
text: behind him, whirls round him and drops to a knee, weapon
dialog: ready to fire!
text: It's Herb, stepping out of his room, carrying a police-
dialog: issue pistol.
speaker_heading: HERB
dialog: It's me!
text: Rachel's voice comes from her room.
speaker_heading: RACHEL (O.S.)
dialog: What's happening?
text: The terrier suddenly starts barking loudly.
scene_heading: 171 INT. FIRST FLOOR HALLWAY - POV - MOVING SHOT - NIGHT 171
text: We're in someone's POV moving along the hallway. Nicki
text: steps out of the kitchen a few feet ahead and looks in
text: terror toward the CAMERA.
speaker_heading: NICKI (O.S.)
dialog: No, no... stop... I'm the one
dialog: who...
scene_heading: 172 INT. SECOND FLOOR HALLWAY - NIGHT 172
text: Frank and Herb spin around. Rachel calls from her room.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Frank?
scene_heading: 172A INT. FIRST FLOOR HALLWAY - NIGHT 172A
text: A GUNSHOT BLASTS Nicki against the wall, her hand still
text: delicately raised in a classic gesture of restraint.
scene_heading: 172B INT. SECOND FLOOR HALLWAY - NIGHT 172B
text: Frank's head spins to Rachel's doorway, then immediately
text: back to Herb. He starts to move towards the stairs,
dialog: fast.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (to Herb)
dialog: Stay with Rachel!
text: Henry's head appears round the doorway of Herb's room.
dialog: 115.
scene_heading: 173 INT. STAIRS - NIGHT 173
text: Frank is rapidly down the stairs, gun in hand.
scene_heading: 173A INT. FIRST FLOOR HALLWAY - NIGHT 173A
text: Frank finds Nicki's body slumped against the wall. He
text: checks her. She's dead. The door beyond is open. The
text: wind blows in. Outside it's foggy.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Dad?
speaker_heading: HERB (O.S.)
dialog: We're okay!
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Stay with Rachel!
text: The DOG continues to BARK upstairs. Frank sees a slight
text: movement outside and window to his right. A split-second
text: moment of decision. He heads off rapidly down the hall,
text: away from the open door.
scene_heading: 175 EXT. FARMER HOUSE - NIGHT 175
text: The fog is thick. Frank swiftly emerges from the back
text: door and stops, dead still, listening. There is only the
text: RUSTLING of TREES.
scene_heading: 175A INT. RACHEL'S BEDROOM - NIGHT 175A
text: Herb is by Rachel's bed.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: What's happening? Where's Nicki?
speaker_heading: HERB
dialog: Be quiet!
scene_heading: 175B EXT. FARMER HOUSE - NIGHT 175B
text: Frank listens. Suddenly he hears RUNNING FOOTSTEPS, a
text: body breaking through the bushes. Frank heads off
text: towards the sound at a run.
scene_heading: 176 EXT. WOODS - NIGHT 176
scene_heading: INTERCUT - FRANK AND FIGURE
dialog: 116.
text: The move fitfully through the eerie, beautiful scene.
text: In and out of the fog. Stop, listen, wait, go. Two
text: wary, interchangeable animals. Frank disappears into
text: the fog. When the figure reappears, Frank is moving
text: faster, closing the gap.
text: The figure, seen in CLOSEUP for the first time, is wear-
text: ing a dark-colored ski mask. His breath billows out of
text: the mouth hole, whitening in the cool March air. He
text: hears Frank APPROACHING and points his gun in the
text: direction of the FOOTSTEPS. He does not fire. SILENCE.
text: Frank stops and rests on his haunches. Listening, he
text: hears the intruder move. The sounds have stopped up
text: ahead. Close.
text: The figure peers into the fog, gun up. He's ready,
text: confident. He waits. Nothing.
text: Frank, from his crouch, does something brand-new. He
text: raises his gun into the fog in a two-handed grip, ready
text: to fire. He holds it easily. And then he does something
text: really strange: Frank closes his eyes. After a beat, we
text: hear MOVEMENT. Frank, eyes still closed, swings his gun
text: 15 degrees and FIRES TWO BLASTS.
text: The man jumps away from a small tree that has splintered
text: six inches from his shoulder. His eyes are wild behind
text: his ski mask. Frightened, he suddenly crashes away in
text: the opposite direction. We FOLLOW. There is ANOTHER
text: SHOT from Frank very close to the man.
scene_heading: 176A INT. RACHEL'S BEDROOM - NIGHT 176A
text: Herb is at the window. There is anguish on his face as
text: he hears the SHOTS. He wants to go to his son's aid but
text: knows he cannot leave Rachel.
text: Rachel and Fletcher are huddled in the bed, terrified.
text: Fletcher clutches at the DOG, which is still BARKING.
text: Henry stands by the bed, gun in hand.
scene_heading: 176B EXT. WOODS - NIGHT 176B
text: Frank moves quickly through the woods, passes the
text: splintered tree. We STAY WITH him and hear the ENGINE
text: of a CAR ROAR to life and TIRES PEEL OUT of the dirt.
text: Frank breaks out of the woods in time to see the red
text: lights at the back of the car as it fishtails around a
text: bend. He EMPTIES his GUN at it. We hear GLASS
text: SHATTERING, but the car keeps going.
scene_heading: 176C INT. PHONE BOOTH - COUNTRY ROAD - EARLY MORNING 176C
dialog: 117.
text: Snow is falling. In the b.g. we see the flashing
text: lights of a police car. Frank is on the phone to
dialog: Minella.
speaker_heading: MINELLA (V.O.)
dialog: But, Frank, this doesn't make
dialog: sense...
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: MINELLA (V.O.)
dialog: We already got him.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: What? Where?
scene_heading: 179 INT. F.B.I. HEADQUARTERS (LOS ANGELES) - EARLY MORNING 179
text: Minella is talking with Frank on the phone. He's looking
text: into an observation room through a one-way window.
speaker_heading: MINELLA
dialog: Here, last night. You should see
dialog: his locker, Frank. The guy's
dialog: obsessed with Rachel Marron...
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You're sure it's him?
speaker_heading: MINELLA
dialog: Forensics say it's 100 percent
dialog: positive I.D... And he's got a
text: black Toyota 4 x 4. Ray's with
dialog: him now.
speaker_heading: MINELLA'S POV
text: Sitting in the observation room at a table talking to
text: Ray Court is Dan. He looks frightened and confused.
scene_heading: 179A INT. PHONE BOOTH - COUNTRY ROAD - EARLY MORNING 179A
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Well, whoever you got down there
dialog: wasn't here last night. This was
dialog: a professional...
speaker_heading: MINELLA (V.O.)
dialog: This is crazy... What do you want
dialog: to do, Frank?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: How long can you keep him?
dialog: 118.
speaker_heading: MINELLA (V.O.)
dialog: Well technically all he's done is
dialog: write some letters. 48 hours
dialog: maximum. You know the deal.
scene_heading: 181 EXT. MARRON MANSION - DRIVEWAY - DAY 181
text: Rachel's black limousine moves slowly up the winding
text: drive, followed by a black Mercedes limousine. Behind
text: the cars, the gates close on a large press contingent
text: gathered outside, held back by a large number of police
text: and security guards. A light drizzle is falling.
text: The two cars pull up to the entrance, Henry at the wheel
text: of Rachel's. Frank gets out of the front and opens the
text: back door. Devaney and Spector help Rachel and Fletcher
text: out of the car. They are all dressed in black. A few
text: other mourners, including Emma, get out of the Mercedes.
text: Rachel, red-eyed and weary, takes Fletcher under her arm
text: and goes inside. She does not look at Frank.
scene_heading: 182 INT. FAMILY ROOM - NIGHT 182
text: A hand takes a pitcher of orange juice from the refriger-
text: ator and pours some into a large glass. They uncap a
text: bottle of vodka and pour a huge portion into the orange
dialog: juice.
scene_heading: 183 INT. FAMILY ROOM - NIGHT 183
text: It has grown very dark in the family room. Frank is
text: sitting all alone, perfectly still, in one of the over-
text: stuffed chairs, the vodka bottle on a table next to him.
text: He stares off into space. A small voice comes out of
dialog: the darkness.
speaker_heading: FLETCHER
dialog: You okay, Frank?
text: Frank acknowledges Fletcher's small presence standing
text: to the side of the big chair. He doesn't look at him
dialog: directly.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Yeah, Fletcher, I'm okay. How
dialog: 'bout you?
speaker_heading: FLETCHER
dialog: I couldn't sleep... It was so
dialog: scary, just thinking about it...
text: He looks at Frank.
dialog: 119.
speaker_heading: FLETCHER
dialog: Do you feel scared, Frank?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Yeah, Fletcher, I do.
text: Frank puts his hand gently on Fletcher's head, but he
text: does not look at him.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Everybody's afraid of something,
dialog: Flethcer. That's how we know we
dialog: care about something, when we're
dialog: afraid we'll lose it.
speaker_heading: FLETCHER
dialog: What are you afraid of?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I think you should try to go back
dialog: to sleep now, pal.
speaker_heading: FLETCHER
dialog: Tell me, Frank, please. Is it the
dialog: man who killed Nicki? Are you
dialog: afraid of him?
text: Finally, Frank turns and looks at Fletcher. Frank is
text: pretty far gone. He shakes his head "no." He realizes
dialog: that that kind of fear had never occurred to him, and
text: recognizing that fact sets him back into his thoughts.
speaker_heading: FLETCHER
dialog: Then what? What are you afraid
dialog: of?
text: Frank doesn't have the will to resist anymore. He lets
text: his hand drop away from Fletcher.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I'm afraid... of not being there...
text: Fletcher stares at him, uncomprehending.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: It's late. Do you want me to take
dialog: you back to your room?
text: Fletcher shakes his head "no," just barely. Then he
dialog: disappears.
scene_heading: 185 INT. HALLWAY - NIGHT 185
text: Frank, silhouetted, moves toward the stairway to the main
text: level. There is light up there.
dialog: 120.
scene_heading: 186 INT. STAIRWAY - NIGHT 186
text: Frank begins climbing the stairs. When he has gone a
text: quarter of the way up, Rachel appears at the top and
text: begins walking down.
text: At first she doesn't see Frank; when she does she
text: hesitates a moment, then continues down. They meet and
text: try to sidestep each other, but twice they go in the
text: same direction, unable to get around. Rachel, already
text: emotionally ravaged, cracks. She begins slapping Frank
text: hard about the face and torso. One of the first blows
text: knocks the GLASS from his hand; it SMASHES loudly against
text: the wall. He raises his arms in a half-hearted attempt
text: to protect himself from the onslaught. She cries as she
text: hits him.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: (hysterical)
dialog: You, you, you... You brought this
dialog: pain into my house... Now you're
dialog: here! Where were you then? Why
dialog: didn't you save her? It was your
dialog: job to protect me and she died
dialog: doing it... It was me they were
dialog: after. And you let them kill her!
dialog: (she gasps for air)
dialog: She never did anything to anyone.
text: As she loses the strength and the will to hit him, her
text: blows become sloppy, weak. She sinks to the steps,
text: sitting on them, sobbing.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: She never hurt anyone. She was
dialog: good.
text: (she looks at him;
dialog: entreats him)
dialog: You saw her. She never wished
dialog: anyone any harm. Did she? Did
dialog: she?
text: Frank looks at her, shakes his head "no." Rachel puts
text: her head in her hands and is silent for a few moments;
text: her crying slows.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: (finally, quietly)
dialog: She never hurt a soul.
dialog: (long pause)
dialog: ... I didn't love her well enough.
dialog: I didn't take care of her...
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: ... She gave me only love.
dialog: 121.
text: She sits quietly on the steps in the gloom. Frank watches
text: for a long moment, then softly continues on his way.
scene_heading: 186A EXT. POOL AREA - MARRON ESTATE - DAY 186A
text: It's bright sunshine. Fletcher is splashing noisily in
text: the pool with a few other kids. His nanny waits
text: patiently at the side, towels at the ready.
text: At one side of the pool, Rachel sits, lost in thought,
text: mourning her sister.
text: At the other side sits Frank, also thoughtful. He, too,
text: is trying to adjust to the tragedy for which he bears
dialog: some of the responsibility.
text: The SHOUTS and LAUGHTER of the kids continue.
scene_heading: 187 EXT. MARRON ESTATE - GROUNDS - LATER THAT NIGHT 187
text: The guardhouse at the main gate is brilliantly illumi-
text: nated in the distance. The guard patrols at his station.
text: Inside, the T.V. screens flicker and glow.
text: Perched on the top of a slight hill, Frank sits alone and
text: motionless under a big tree. He gazes down at the gate-
text: house, his face lit softly by the glow from its lamps.
text: All around him the rest of the estate is quiet and
text: tranquil in the moonlight.
text: After a moment, another silhouetted figure slowly ap-
text: proaches and stands beside him. It's Rachel.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: I guess you've heard what's
dialog: happening.
text: Frank nods.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Mind if I sit down?
text: Frank shakes his head. They sit side by side for awhile,
text: both lost in thought. Rachel seems very calm.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: It isn't over yet, is it?
text: Frank shakes his head.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: He knows he still hasn't got you.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: So he'll come again?
dialog: 122.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: It's possible.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: The Oscars?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Maybe.
text: Rachel takes this philosophically. She tugs at the
text: grass, thinking.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: When I was back in Squirrel Hill,
dialog: I started betting my friends
dialog: fifty bucks each that someday I'd
dialog: win an Oscar. You can understand
dialog: how important it is that they see
dialog: me up there if I win.
text: She looks at him and smiles.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: If everyone of those pikers comes
dialog: through, it could add up to a lot
dialog: of money.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I think it's very dangerous.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: I know. But I can't stay up here
dialog: on my hill forever.
text: They are silent for awhile. Rachel lies back on the
text: grass, stares at the sky.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: I didn't get to this place in my
dialog: life by doing the smart thing
dialog: every time.
dialog: (as Frank nods)
dialog: How 'bout you, Frank Farmer? Out
dialog: there on the edge... did you ever
dialog: do something that didn't make too
dialog: much sense, except maybe inside
dialog: you? In your stomach somewhere?
dialog: Something that wasn't smart?
dialog: (looks at him)
dialog: I'll bet you have plenty. I'll
dialog: bet you do. Nobody gets really
dialog: good without it. And you're good.
dialog: I know that.
text: She sits up beside him.
dialog: 123.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: I don't know why all this has
dialog: happened to me...
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: ... but I do know that none of
dialog: it's your fault. I hope you can
dialog: hear me, because this is how I say
dialog: I'm sorry.
text: Frank accepts.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: (relieved)
dialog: So... I'm going to go see if I win
dialog: an Oscar. And I won't worry about
dialog: it at all. Because I've got you
dialog: to protect me.
text: Frank almost smiles.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: That's right.
text: He looks at her a long time, then takes her in his arms.
text: He kisses her and lays her down. His body moves over
text: hers. Like a bodyguard, protecting her from the night.
scene_heading: 188 EXT. THE PANTAGES THEATRE - NIGHT 188
text: The chaos and razamatazz of Oscar night. Crowds, limos,
text: cameras, searchlights...
scene_heading: 189 INT. RACHEL'S LIMO - FRONT OF THE PANTAGES - NIGHT 189
text: The limo is waiting in a line of limos to reach the red-
text: carpeted entrance to The Pantages Theatre.
text: Frank and Tony sit in front with Henry. In the back a
text: spectacularly-gowned Rachel sits flanked by Devaney and
text: Spector, both of whom, like Frank, are wearing tuxedos. Up
text: ahead, they can all see the hubbub at the entrance: TV
text: cameras, lights, photographers, arriving guests, two
text: bleachers full of fans. The glare from the arc lights
text: is almost blinding.
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: We'll go straight back to the
dialog: Green Room. Right, Frank?
text: Frank nods.
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: Got that, Tony?
dialog: 124.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Tony knows what he's doing.
text: Tony looks at Frank, surprised and not a little pleased
text: with the unexpected support.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: I wish you boys would relax a
dialog: little. Nothing bad's gonna
dialog: happen out there, alright?
dialog: (the old Rachel)
dialog: Unless I lose the fucking award.
text: She looks around at the men, all are tense.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Jesus, what a crew.
text: Rachel leans forward and flips down the mirror on the
text: panel in front of her and checks her appearance. The
text: limo moves up.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Screw it. I'm through worrying.
dialog: When your number's up, it's up.
dialog: Right, Farmer?
text: The limo is almost at the red carpet. Frank slips out
text: the front door of the moving limo.
scene_heading: 190 EXT. LIMO - NIGHT 190
text: More quartz lights click on.
text: The TV cameras all focus on the door of the limo as Frank
text: steps out of the way.
speaker_heading: FRANK'S POV
text: as he surveys the busy scene. A microphoned M.C. peers
text: into Rachel's limo and walks toward it.
dialog: M.C.
dialog: ... Miss Rachel Marron!
text: ON TV CAMERA MONITOR we see Rachel wave to the crowd.
dialog: M.C.
dialog: Everyone wishes you the best
dialog: tonight, Rachel.
text: Frank leads the small procession down the red carpet.
text: Fans reach out asking for his autograph.
speaker_heading: FRANK'S POV
dialog: 125.
text: as his glance darts around: high into the bleachers,
text: ahead in the distance, to the door, to the side at
text: photographers nodding to the massed security men with
text: their walkie-talkies.
text: Rachel's smile is convincing, lovely, professional.
text: Spector, Devaney and Tony look strained.
text: As they enter, a WIDE SHOT from across the street shows
text: their limo pulling ahead as the next car pulls up. The
text: CAMERA TRACKS SIDEWAYS to reveal the rear fender of a
text: Toyota 4X4 parked in the foreground.
scene_heading: 191 INT. GREEN ROOM - NIGHT 191
text: It is large and has been fitted with a bar and buffet.
text: Formally-dressed presenters and hosts mill about, laugh-
text: ing and talking. Many greet Rachel.
text: A TV monitor hangs from the ceiling in one corner. On
text: it, the Academy Awards continue. An elaborate dance
text: number is just concluding. The audience applauds.
text: Beside the monitor, a large clock with a ticking second
dialog: hand.
text: A harried associate producer SKIP THOMAS, comes up to
text: Rachel, settled in an armchair. Tony stands nearby,
text: Frank leans against a far wall.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: Hello, Rachel. I need to get you
dialog: straight on your responsibilities.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Sure, Skip.
text: Skip takes a typewritten sheet from a sheaf in his hand
text: and gives it to Rachel. He consults a clipboard as he
text: speaks. There, laid out minute by minute, is the order
dialog: of the evening's events. Each one has a precise time
text: printed beside it, including those that involve Rachel.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: Now, it's Best Sound, then another
dialog: song, then you. At precisely
text: (looks at his clipboard) -- 8:07,
dialog: you'll be presenting with Clive
dialog: Healy. Those are your lines. The
text: prompter's straight ahead and --
dialog: we pray -- working perfectly.
text: Rachel nods.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: 126.
dialog: Fine, you'll be a big shot
dialog: someday, Skip.
text: Skip smiles and walks off, glancing up at the clock.
text: 7:43. CLIVE HEALY, a slim British actor appears, bows
text: and kisses Rachel's hand.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: I understand it's my great honor
dialog: to escort you onstage.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: That's right, Clive. And I don't
dialog: like it one bit that you look
dialog: skinnier than me.
text: TV MONITOR - The show is progressing, flashing out across
dialog: the world.
speaker_heading: PATRICIA
dialog: ... And the award for Best
dialog: Achievement in Sound goes to Kay
dialog: Colvin and Mychal Smith for Hot
dialog: And Cold.
dialog: Applause.
speaker_heading: KAY
dialog: Thank you so much. I want to thank
dialog: our producers, Karen Golden and Ed
dialog: Gorsuch, as well our sound crew --
dialog: Richard Goodman and Blair Forward.
dialog: I'm too excited -- but they're the
dialog: real winners tonight. Thank you!
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: This is wonderful. This is like,
dialog: the happiest moment of my life.
dialog: I'd like to thank our wonderful
dialog: sound crew for all the evenings
dialog: and weekends they sacrificed, the
text: incredible wizards down at Distant
dialog: Thunder Sound Studios, Roger and
dialog: Greg for hiring us and my family
dialog: for being so patient. We did it!
dialog: Thank you!
speaker_heading: TIME JUMP:
scene_heading: 192 INT. GREEN ROOM - NIGHT 192
text: The celebrities in the Green Room drink, eat and talk.
text: Rachel is deep in a giggling, girlish conversation with
text: another actress. Skip Thomas approaches Rachel again.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: 127.
dialog: Rachel. One more song, then you.
text: Rachel nods, goes back to her conversation. Frank steps
dialog: up to Tony.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I'm going to have a look around.
dialog: I'll come back for her. Stay
dialog: alert.
text: Tony nods, watches Frank go.
scene_heading: 193 INT. BACKSTAGE AREA - NIGHT 193
text: Frank moves down the hall from the Green Room toward the
text: stage. Stagehands, technicians, performers speak in
text: hushed tones. TV monitors are mounted throughout the
text: area. On screen a distinguished-looking actor named
text: REARDON is serving as temporary master of ceremonies.
text: Frank walks along, checking the route, looking up into
text: the flies. He rounds a corner and is face to face with
dialog: Portman.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Portman. What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: PORTMAN
dialog: I'm on the job.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: PORTMAN
dialog: Him.
text: Portman points at a nearby TV monitor. On screen,
text: Reardon is introducing the next song.
speaker_heading: REARDON (V.O.)
dialog: (on TV screen)
dialog: My mother has always thought I was
dialog: the star of every movie I've been
dialog: in. You remember 'Night Of The
dialog: Stranger'?
dialog: Applause.
speaker_heading: REARDON (V.O.)
dialog: You probably don't remember me in
dialog: that. My mother can tell you
dialog: about it. To this day, she thinks
text: it's about a desk clerk at the
dialog: hotel where what's-his-name is
text: hiding out from the cops.
dialog: 128.
text: Laughter.
speaker_heading: REARDON (V.O.)
dialog: Now it's time to hear the final
dialog: nominated song, from the film
dialog: 'Queen Of The Night' -- 'I Have
dialog: Nothing.' And here to sing it for
dialog: us, the multi-talented Miss Sandra
dialog: Castle!
speaker_heading: PORTMAN (O.S.)
dialog: (during the above)
dialog: Short-term gig... but quite
dialog: profitable... Listen, Frank, I'm
dialog: sorry about Miami. You know,
dialog: nothing really happened... I felt
dialog: bad for you... I wanted to say
dialog: something, but you disappeared...
text: (NOTE: "I Have Nothing" fanfare. Dancers onto stage.
text: First section of song, commencing with shortened chorus
dialog: then first verse (Total 1 Minute)
text: Reardon walks off the stage ten feet from where Frank and
text: Portman are standing, glances at them and moves off down
dialog: the hall.
speaker_heading: PORTMAN
dialog: Back to work. I'll probably see
dialog: you at the Governor's Ball.
text: Portman walks off after Reardon. Frank watches him,
dialog: thoughtful.
text: ON TV MONITOR - Sandra Castle sings "I Have Nothing" with
text: great feeling. The lyrics recall the text of the death
dialog: threat.
speaker_heading: FRANK'S FACE
text: suddenly wary. No rational cause. Something in the air.
scene_heading: THE CLOCK - 7:58
scene_heading: 194 INT. GREEN ROOM - NIGHT 194
text: Rachel's face as she watches Sandra Castle on the monitor.
text: She is at a makeup table. MUSIC is LOUD.
text: The celebrities in the Green Room are impressed with
text: Sandra's performance. There is spontaneous applause.
text: Rachel turns to the room.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: I want that broad run out of town.
dialog: 129.
scene_heading: 195 INT. BACKSTAGE - NIGHT 195
text: Frank calls Tony on his SURV-KIT.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Tony, you there?
speaker_heading: TONY
speaker_heading: (O.S.)
dialog: Yeah, Frank.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Tony, I've got a feeling this is
dialog: the night. I think he's gonna go
dialog: for her in front of all the
dialog: cameras. The kind of thing only a
dialog: lunatic would do. That's how he
dialog: wants it to look. Except he isn't
dialog: a lunatic. He's very clever. I
dialog: need you to help me.
speaker_heading: TONY
speaker_heading: (O.S.)
dialog: I'm with you, Frank.
dialog: There's no more competition between them.
text: Three sound technicians appear at Frank's side, very
dialog: agitated.
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN
dialog: (to Frank)
dialog: You can't use that thing back
dialog: here. The breakthrough's killing
dialog: our radio mikes... We'll have to
dialog: disconnect you.
text: Reluctantly, Frank disconnects his earpiece.
scene_heading: 195A INT. GREEN ROOM - NIGHT
speaker_heading: 195A
text: Tony fiddles with his earpiece.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Frank?... Frank?
text: Technicians approach Tony, too.
speaker_heading: 195B MONTAGE 195B
dialog: Big finish of song and dance number (total 40 seconds).
text: Applause and dancers off.
dialog: 130.
scene_heading: 196 INT. GREEN ROOM - NIGHT 196
text: Frank walks past Tony. Tony holds up the earpiece in
text: frustration. Frank nods. He walks over to Rachel. He
text: seems tense and she senses it. And like a tangible
text: thing, his anxiety is passed over to her. She is
dialog: frightened.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: (spooked)
dialog: What's wrong?
text: Skip Thomas appears at her side.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: Rachel... Clive. Let's go, okay?
text: Clive Healy comes over. Rachel must tear her eyes away
text: from Frank. Tony floats up behind them. Skip regards
text: him with irritation and turns to Frank.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: (indicating Tony)
dialog: Really. Must we have everyone?
dialog: We have our own men at the door.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Tony stays.
text: Skip looks at Rachel for a response.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Yes! I want him.
text: Skip shrugs. Clive takes Rachel's arm.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Come, Rachel, let us brighten the
dialog: firmament.
text: Rachel forces a smile, but her eyes follow Frank as he
text: starts to lead the way out of the Green Room. On an
text: impulse, she reaches for something from the makeup table
text: and presses it into her hand. It's the Russian Orthodox
text: cross. She clutches it like a talisman and follows
text: Frank. Tony brings up the rear.
scene_heading: 197 INT. BACKSTAGE AREA - NIGHT 197
text: The group moves down the hall from the Green Room, past
text: the stage right wings. Behind the scenery to the back
dialog: of the stage.
scene_heading: FRANK'S POV - STAGEHANDS
dialog: 131.
text: in blue, celebrity guests, technicians. His eyes examine
text: each curtain, corner and recess. He looks above him.
text: CLOSEUP ON RACHEL'S FACE as she looks around nervously.
speaker_heading: HER BODY
text: is tense on Clive's arm. Clive pats her arm soothingly.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Try to relax, Rachel. I know
dialog: you must be very excited.
text: Skip leads them to a set of temporary stairs behind the
text: scenery; they lead to the center of the top tier.
text: Production aides with clipboards and headphones wait up
dialog: there.
scene_heading: THE CLOCK - 8:05
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: Rachel, you'll go in there and
dialog: Clive, you over there. You'll
text: meet on the landing.
text: They both nod, but Rachel is distracted, tense.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: Watch your step going down.
dialog: Someone spilled some water.
text: Clive and Rachel climb the stairs. Rachel turns once
text: more to look anxiously at Frank. She clutches the cross
text: but he doesn't see.
text: Frank watches them ascend. He signals Tony to stay
text: there until Rachel goes on. Frank moves off toward the
text: stage left wings.
text: ON TV MONITOR - we see Reardon, acting as Master of
text: Ceremonies, doing the introductions.
speaker_heading: REARDON (V.O.)
dialog: (on screen)
dialog: I used to have an outfit just like
dialog: that... And to present the Best
dialog: Song award we have our debonair
dialog: friend from England and the lady
dialog: who has everything -- Clive
dialog: Healy and Rachel Marron!
text: A red camera light clicks on.
text: MUSIC UP, APPLAUSE, as we see Clive and Rachel make their
text: entrances on the TV monitor.
dialog: 132.
scene_heading: 198 INT. STAGE LEFT - NIGHT 198
text: Frank swiftly adjusts his position so he can still see
text: the stage. As he does, he glances under the scaffolding
dialog: that supports the set.
scene_heading: 199 INT. ON STAGE - NIGHT 199
text: Rachel and Clive reach the podium. Clive is all smiles.
text: Rachel is trying, but is obviously distracted.
scene_heading: FROM BEHIND THEM
text: As the applause dies away, we see what they see: TV
text: cameras, an orchestra in the pit, the huge audience, and
text: the bright glare of the lights. At the front of the
text: podium is the transparent plastic of the teleprompter;
text: their lines can be clearly seen, printed out and moving
dialog: vertically.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: (reading from the
dialog: prompter)
dialog: Well, Rachel, I know that you only
dialog: came tonight to present this award
dialog: and you'll want to leave as soon
dialog: as we're done.
text: Rachel's lines appear on the prompter, but she does not
text: start reading them immediately. They stop moving on the
text: screen. Rachel's face, her eyes darting about. There
text: is an awful silence.
scene_heading: RACHEL'S POV - BRIGHT RED LIGHT
text: on the nearest TV camera. The teleprompter, now showing
text: Clive's lines. The light. A man in the first row of
dialog: the audience.
text: CLOSE ON HER HANDS as they squeeze the cross.
speaker_heading: CLIVE (O.S.)
dialog: Over the course of the evening
dialog: we've heard five smashing songs
dialog: and the names of the artists who
dialog: created them.
scene_heading: 200 INT. STAGE LEFT - NIGHT 200
text: Frank, watching Rachel, hears the barely audible CLICKING
text: start from the tiny receiver on his belt. He's puzzled.
text: His eyes dart to Rachel's hand and he sees the cross.
text: He knows what she's going through. Her hand is shaking
dialog: 133.
dialog: badly.
scene_heading: 201 INT. ON STAGE - NIGHT 201
text: She sways. Clive supports her as discreetly as he can,
text: smiling out at the audience.
text: FROM BEHIND Clive and Rachel, we watch as Clive picks up
text: Rachel's lines from the prompter, AD LIBBING to make them
dialog: fit.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: And I know that no matter what
dialog: anyone thinks, you have no
dialog: personal favorites.
text: Thin laughter. The audience is starting to sense that
dialog: something is wrong with Rachel.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: The Best Song nominees are:
dialog: "Clock On The Wall" from 'The
dialog: Dining Room Table' -- By Dana S.
dialog: Lee and Sara Spring. 'Give
dialog: Me Your Trust' from 'Out Of the
dialog: Gloom' -- By David Siegel and
dialog: Barbara G. Gordon. "I Have
dialog: Nothing" from 'Queen Of The Night'
dialog: -- By Nancy Garbor. "Maybe Soon"
dialog: from 'Maybe Soon' -- Anne Trop and
dialog: Ben Glass. And "Reflections Of My
dialog: Heart" from 'Hot And Cold' -- By
dialog: Leslie Moraes.
speaker_heading: QUICK CUT TO:
speaker_heading: RACHEL'S POV
text: An usher near the wall shifts his weight. The orchestra
text: conductor turns to look at her. A musician turns his
text: sheet music. The dark at the back of the balcony. The
text: teleprompter.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON FRANK
text: as he alone hears the CLICKING -- monitors her distress
dialog: and fear.
speaker_heading: ON STAGE
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: (blurting her
dialog: prompter lines)
dialog: All right, Clive, let's find
dialog: out --
dialog: 134.
text: The teleprompter operator has been thrown off and now
text: takes a moment to get it moving again.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: (reading)
dialog: -- let's find out who the winner
dialog: is.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: The envelope. Rachel, shall I do
dialog: the honors?
speaker_heading: INTERCUT --
scene_heading: RACHEL'S POV - CLIVE'S HANDS
text: work at the envelope, tearing, freeing the flap. His
text: fingers work to pull out the contents.
speaker_heading: RACHEL'S FACE
text: watching. The CLICKING is almost deafening -- like a
dialog: heartbeat.
speaker_heading: THE CLOCK
text: The second hand ticks in enormous CLOSEUP. It's 8:07.
scene_heading: 202 INSERT - (BLEACHED OUT) ENORMOUS CLOSEUP - MAN'S FINGER 202
text: on a trigger.
scene_heading: 203 INSERT - (BLEACHED OUT) ENORMOUS CLOSEUP - A BULLET 203
text: drifts lazily towards us out of the muzzle of a gun in
text: ultra SLOW MOTION.
scene_heading: 204 INSERT - (BLEACHED OUT) - HANDS 204
text: bring out one of the pasted-up death threats with the
text: familiar opening lines -- 'MARRON BITCH -- YOU HAVE
text: EVERYTHING. I HAVE NOTHING.'
speaker_heading: CLOSE
text: as Clive pulls the card out of the envelope. It reads:
dialog: "I HAVE NOTHING"
dialog: Music by
text: Rachel gasps, stifles a scream.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: And the winner is "I Have Nothing"
dialog: 135.
dialog: from 'Queen Of The Night' music
text: and lyrics by Nancy Garbor.
text: Rachel loses control, backs away from the podium and runs
text: off stage right. The audience applauds the winner.
speaker_heading: NANCY GARBOR
dialog: This is so exciting. I can't
dialog: begin to describe what it feels
dialog: like to stand here -- with this!
speaker_heading: APPLAUSE.
speaker_heading: NANCY GARBOR
dialog: First, I want to thank Rachel
dialog: Marron. Without her support,
dialog: encouragement and determination
dialog: to help get an unknown songwriter
dialog: heard, I wouldn't be standing here.
dialog: A lot of people talk about how
dialog: they're going to help others once
dialog: they make it themselves, but Rachel
dialog: really follows through. I'd also
dialog: like to thank Helen Pollak, a
dialog: wonderful producer, who never got
dialog: fed up with me.
scene_heading: 205 INT. OFF STAGE LEFT - NIGHT 205
text: Frank sees Rachel run off the opposite side of the stage
text: and heads over there, around the back of the scenery.
scene_heading: 206 INT. ON STAGE - NIGHT 206
text: Clive, the professional, stands holding the envelope. He
text: glances off after Rachel, mystified.
scene_heading: 207 INT. STAGE RIGHT WINGS - NIGHT 207
text: A cluster of people surround Rachel, comforting her.
text: Frank comes up. He does not try to force his way through
text: to Rachel. People begin to move away, the cluster thins.
text: Two stars move off toward the back of the stage.
speaker_heading: STAR #1
dialog: I always said she was nuts. I've
dialog: always said that.
text: Clive Healy comes up.
speaker_heading: CLIVE
dialog: Is she all right?
text: He is assured that she is. Clive goes out to his seat
dialog: 136.
text: in the audience. As the people move off, Rachel becomes
text: clearly visible to Frank. Tony is standing next to her,
text: but another man has his arm around Rachel, comforting her.
text: Rachel's face is tear-stained and she dabs at it with a
text: handkerchief. She is recovering fast. Past her fear,
text: she is now very embarrassed. Her voice is strong.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Christ, what an idiot I am.
dialog: Jesus. What the hell's the matter
dialog: with me?
text: Frank moves up closer, and exchanges looks with Tony,
text: who is confused by Rachel's behavior. Rachel turns
text: toward Frank and, in so doing, brings the man comforting
text: her around to face Frank. It is Reardon.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Farmer, you've made me a raving
dialog: lunatic.
text: Frank barely hears Rachel, so struck is he by Reardon's
text: presence. Frank looks around them quickly for Portman.
text: Rachel looks at Frank with irritation and turns back
text: toward the Green Room. A production aide signals Reardon.
speaker_heading: REARDON
dialog: (to Rachel)
dialog: I have to go back out. Are you
dialog: okay?
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Thank you for your help, John.
dialog: I'm fine.
text: Rachel walks off toward the Green Room with Tony.
text: Reardon starts to walk out toward the stage. Frank stops
text: him. Reardon is irritated.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Where's Portman?
speaker_heading: REARDON
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Portman.
speaker_heading: REARDON
dialog: (breaking away)
dialog: Never heard of him.
text: Reardon walks out on stage. Frank is left standing alone.
text: All the weariness comes back, all his senses start to hum.
text: Frank looks around, then moves off toward the Green Room.
dialog: 137.
scene_heading: 208 INT. GREEN ROOM - NIGHT 208
text: Rachel sits at a makeup table. Skip Thomas approaches,
text: clipboard in hand.
speaker_heading: SKIP
dialog: Rachel, I'm sorry, but if you're
dialog: going to be in your seat for the
dialog: Best Actress award, you've got
dialog: to do it now.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Skip, I'm moving as fast as I can.
dialog: For chrissake, go twitch somewhere
dialog: else.
text: Skip backs off. Spector and Frank join the group.
speaker_heading: SPECTOR
dialog: Honey, everything's fine. No one
dialog: noticed anything. Everybody in
dialog: this building is ready to jump out
dialog: of their skin from nerves.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Bullshit, you saw me. Farmer's
dialog: made me a raving lunatic --
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Something's going on you should
dialog: know about --
speaker_heading: SPECTOR
dialog: You're making her crazy. You're
dialog: making us all crazy.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Rachel, I know who it is. He's
dialog: here tonight. I think he's...
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Shut up...
text: This is the last straw. She throws down the powder and
text: stands up fast, makeup and purse flying. The powder com-
text: pact bursts over the cross lying on the table. Everyone
text: in the Green Room looks at her.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: (hissing at him)
dialog: Shut up, you maniac! You never
dialog: stop. Now you've made an ass of
dialog: me in front of a billion people.
dialog: And you won't quit.
text: They stare at each other and everyone else stares at them.
dialog: 138.
text: Rachel walks swiftly out the door of the Green Room.
text: Frank sits for a moment, then stands up. The bodyguard
text: follows his charge to the door. He whispers hurriedly
text: at Tony as they leave.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Tony, it's Portman. Remember? The
dialog: guy from Miami...
text: Spector grabs Tony's sleeve, pulling him back.
speaker_heading: SPECTOR
dialog: After tonight, you're back in
dialog: charge.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: SPECTOR
dialog: He knows nothing about show
dialog: business.
text: Tony squares off with Spector.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: You are an asshole.
scene_heading: 209 INT. ONSTAGE - NIGHT 209
text: Reardon is just introducing TOM WINSTON, the actor who
dialog: will announce the Best Actress award.
scene_heading: BEST ACTRESS INTRO (TOTAL 1 MINUTE)
text: (Reardon back on stage to applause, Reardon linking
text: material (maybe gags.) Reardon intros Winston. Play on
dialog: Winston to applause.)
scene_heading: 210 INT. MAIN AUDITORIUM - AISLE 210
speaker_heading: REARDON
dialog: Presenting the Best Actress award,
dialog: we have the man who last year
dialog: received the top honor an actor
dialog: can achieve for his performance in
dialog: "South Of Waco". Ladies and
dialog: gentlemen, Tom Winston!
speaker_heading: APPLAUSE
text: Frank watches, his eyes scanning, searching the vast
text: theatre, squinting as he tries to see beyond the glare
text: of the klieg lights and the cameras.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: Thank you, John, thank you, Academy.
dialog: 139.
dialog: It brings back some great memories
dialog: to be standing here again. Last
dialog: year I figured something out.
dialog: While it is a great honor to be
dialog: nominated, actually winning caps
text: the evening very pleasantly.
speaker_heading: LAUGHTER
speaker_heading: WINSTON
text: on stage, speaking and then listing the nominees.
scene_heading: FRANK'S POV - RACHEL, DEVANEY AND SPECTOR
text: in their seats, up the aisle toward the back of the
text: theatre, high into the gloom of the balcony.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON STAGE
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: Tonight we give this award not to
dialog: the best actress, but to the best
dialog: performance by one of five
dialog: exquisitely talented artists...
text: FRANK'S FACE - searching.
text: TV CAMERA - focused on the audience. Its red light goes
dialog: on.
speaker_heading: ON SCREEN
text: Rachel's face, expectant, nervous on the screen.
scene_heading: FRANK'S POV - THE PATH
dialog: Rachel would have to take to the stage, the steps to the
text: stage, the faces of the ushers near the stage, the
text: conductor, ready to play theme music.
speaker_heading: WINSTON (O.S.)
dialog: ...And the nominees for best
text: performance by an actress in a
dialog: leading role are -- Constance
dialog: Simpson for Hot and Cold...
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: APPLAUSE. Frank slips through the curtained doorway that
text: leads to the backstage.
speaker_heading: WINSTON (O.S.)
dialog: ...Ellen Pearson for Maybe Soon...
text: More APPLAUSE.
dialog: 140.
scene_heading: 211 INT. BACKSTAGE - STAGE RIGHT WINGS - NIGHT 211
text: Frank comes up swiftly. He stops behind a curtain, six
text: feet from the path the winner will take. Tony is there.
text: Frank speaks to him and, as he does, he puts a hand on
text: Tony's arm. They both look across the stage, past
text: Winston into the wings on the other side.
speaker_heading: FRANK'S POV
text: In the wings of the opposite side of the stage, half
text: hidden by a curtain, a TV cameraman is hoisting his
text: lightweight portable camera onto his shoulder. His back
dialog: is to us.
speaker_heading: WINSTON (O.S.)
dialog: ... Rachel Marron for Queen Of The Night...
speaker_heading: APPLAUSE.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON FRANK
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Tony, I want you on the other
dialog: side... and check out that guy.
dialog: He's not supposed to be there...
text: Tony trots off quickly.
speaker_heading: FRANK'S POV
text: The cameraman half-turns toward us, peering past the
text: curtain into the audience. For a split second, we
text: glimpse his face. It's Portman. Then someone crosses
text: quickly in front of him and he's gone.
speaker_heading: WINSTON (O.S.)
dialog: L.C. Dean for I Dream Of Peace
dialog: ...and Evelyn Gardner for
dialog: The Harper Plan...
speaker_heading: APPLAUSE.
speaker_heading: BACKSTAGE
text: Frank draws his gun. He glances quickly to Tony, but
text: Tony's already on his way, trotting round the labyrinth
text: behind the set.
text: Frank automatically raises his sleeve to call to Tony,
text: then realizes his communications are useless. He tries
dialog: to see where Portman has disappeared to, but he daren't
text: lose sight of Rachel.
scene_heading: ONSTAGE - WINSTON
dialog: 141.
dialog: with envelope.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: And the winner is... Rachel Marron
dialog: for Queen Of The Night.
scene_heading: FLASH CUT TO:
speaker_heading: FRANK'S FACE
text: grim. He looks past the curtain to Rachel.
scene_heading: FRANK'S POV - AUDITORIUM
text: Deafening applause in the main auditorium. A stunned
text: Rachel stands. Devaney and Spector kiss her. People
text: nearby reach out to touch her. Rachel walks along her
text: row. The orchestra plays "I Have Nothing."
scene_heading: 212 INT. BACKSTAGE - OPPOSITE WINGS - NIGHT 212
text: A mass of drapes and flats. Behind them, the cameraman
text: is fixing something to the side of his camera. His back
text: is to us. Tony comes up briskly behind him, unable to
text: see his face.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Hey! You! What the fuck you
dialog: think you're doin' back here...
text: With amazing speed, the cameraman - Portman - wheels
text: around, simultaneously jabbing two outstretched fingers
text: from his free hand straight into Tony's eyes. Tony
text: cries out, his hands flying to his face.
text: Portman's hand moves swiftly again, jabbing to a nerve
text: behind Tony's ear, Tony drops like a sack.
text: Glancing rapidly around, Portman sees all other eyes on
text: the auditorium. He pulls the curtain around Tony's
text: body - obscuring it.
text: He then removes his own "SECURITY" ID and fixes a
text: laminated "PRESS" ID to his lapel.
scene_heading: 213 INT. BACKSTAGE - STAGE RIGHT WINGS - NIGHT 213
text: Frank gestures animatedly to the head of security and
text: several guards. The music and the applause drown out
text: his words and we do not hear them. The guards rush off
text: backstage and into the auditorium.
scene_heading: 214 INT. MAIN AUDITORIUM - NIGHT 214
dialog: 142.
text: Rachel walks along her row. Hands reach out to her.
text: Some people stand in their seats around her. A crane-
text: mounted TV camera swoops down between Frank and his view
text: of Rachel, obscuring her for a brief instant.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON FRANK'S FACE
text: Desperately scanning, seeking. Suddenly his face
text: freezes.
speaker_heading: FRANK'S POV
text: As Rachel reaches the center aisle and starts to walk
text: toward the steps, there in the far aisle, his face almost
text: hidden, is Portman -- the camera, hand-held on his
text: shoulder, moving level with Rachel, 20 feet behind her.
text: Frank raises his gun.
speaker_heading: AISLE
text: Rachel walks down the aisle toward the side steps. Tears
text: in her eyes. Thunderous applause. Security guards in
text: the side aisles look around in all directions. They
dialog: can't see anything.
speaker_heading: FRANK'S POV
text: TIGHT ON Portman, now almost completely obscured behind
text: the members of the audience, as more and more of them
text: stand to applaud Rachel.
speaker_heading: PORTMAN'S POV
text: ALONG THE SIDE OF THE CAMERA. Rachel keeps appearing and
text: disappearing behind the heads of the audience.
text: FRANK IN THE WINGS
text: Desperate to get a clear shot at Portman but unable to
text: fire without hitting a bystander.
scene_heading: FROM STAGE RIGHT WINGS - FRANK'S POV OF RACHEL
text: as she approaches the podium, steadily, controlling
text: herself as she mounts the steps. The outline of her body
text: becomes difficult to see against the glare of the foot-
text: lights and the lights at the side of the auditorium.
speaker_heading: FRANK'S FACE
text: His eyes squint against the dazzle.
scene_heading: ON STAGE - PODIUM
text: Rachel approaches Winston. The applause and music is
dialog: 143.
text: deafening.
speaker_heading: FRANK'S FACE
text: He can't see Portman past the glare. He can't fire into
text: the audience. He knows Rachel is now at her most vulner-
dialog: able. There is only one thing he can do to protect his
dialog: charge.
speaker_heading: BACKSTAGE WINGS
text: Frank runs on stage at terrific speed and leaps through
text: the air at Rachel, twisting his body as he does.
scene_heading: ON STAGE - PODIUM
text: Rachel turns her head, sees Frank leaping at her and
text: gasps out with a mixture of fury and terror.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON PORTMAN
text: The silenced PISTOL taped to the side of the camera FIRES.
scene_heading: ONCE. TWICE.
speaker_heading: ON STAGE
text: Frank and Rachel tumble over on the floor. The podium
text: topples. There are screams from the audience.
speaker_heading: AUDITORIUM
text: Pandemonium breaks out. Men run on stage from all
text: directions. Guns are drawn. Everyone is shouting. TV
text: cameras whip-pan in all directions, security men shout
text: into walkie-talkies.
speaker_heading: QUICK CUT TO:
scene_heading: 215 INT. MOBILE TV CONTROL VAN - NIGHT 215
text: Chaos on all screens.
speaker_heading: TV DIRECTOR
dialog: What the fuck?
speaker_heading: OTHER VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Go to commercial...
scene_heading: 216 INT. MAIN AUDITORIUM - NIGHT 216
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON PORTMAN
dialog: 144.
text: Totally calm and, as he gambled, invisible in the commo-
text: tion. Camera still on his shoulder, he slowly backs
text: away from the scene. Ushers and uniformed security men
text: rush past him towards the stage. People leap from their
text: seats. A woman screams piercingly behind him. Portman
text: doesn't blink.
scene_heading: 217 INT. STAGE - NIGHT 217
text: Dozens more helpers pour onto the stage around Frank and
text: Rachel. Rachel starts to rise on all fours and sees, as
text: hands reach out to help her, the blood on Frank's shirt.
text: He has taken the hits for her. But he's still on the
text: job, gaze alert. Without taking his eyes from the audi-
text: torium, his left arm stretches out, with some pain, to
text: push Rachel back down. The right arm, gun in hand,
text: sweeps the auditorium. Where is Portman? Frank can't
dialog: see past the mob.
text: Ushers fall on Frank in a heap, trying to disarm him.
text: Security men try to pull them off. Rachel shouts,
text: trying to make herself heard above the noise.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: He's my bodyguard. Get off him!
dialog: He's O.K...
scene_heading: FRANK'S POV - SERIES OF SHOTS
text: A SERIES of SWIFT LOW ANGLE SHOTS through legs and faces.
text: One brief glimpse that could be Portman. A cameraman
text: turns. It's not. Frank is desperate, pushing away a
text: helping arm. The chaos mounts. SIRENS WAIL outside.
scene_heading: 218 INT. MAIN AUDITORIUM - NIGHT 218
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON PORTMAN
text: He turns away from the stage as four cops pound past him.
text: He walks away. Suddenly, for one brief second, his face
text: loses its composure as he looks to the side door.
speaker_heading: PORTMAN'S POV
text: Hysterical audience members jostle for the exit, screaming
text: and shouting. It's like a football scrum. Cops and secur-
text: ity men pushing and pulling. His escape route is blocked.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON FRANK'S FACE - HIS EYES
text: Briefly glimpsed through blurred, frenzied, f.g. Still
text: seeking his target, biting his lip in pain.
speaker_heading: PORTMAN
dialog: 145.
text: Cool again, he turns back to the stage, seeking an
text: alternative escape route, camera still providing cover.
scene_heading: 219 INT. ON STAGE - WINGS - NIGHT 219
text: A lumbering figure, blood streaming from one eye, his
text: .38 drawn and outstretched. It's Tony staggering to the
text: edge of the stage, straight towards his attacker.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: (bellowing)
dialog: Frank! Frank! Over here!
speaker_heading: ON STAGE
text: Frank and Rachel's heads swivel in unison at the sound,
text: looking towards the far aisle.
speaker_heading: PORTMAN
text: Against the side wall at the front, Portman's eyes
text: desperately scan for the source of the voice. He sees
text: Tony, his pistol takes aim.
speaker_heading: FRANK'S POV
text: For a split second, two running figures f.g. pass and
text: cross leaving a momentary clear line to Portman.
speaker_heading: ON STAGE
scene_heading: Frank FIRES. ONCE. TWICE.
speaker_heading: PORTMAN
text: Frank's bullets hit home. The first slams Portman in the
text: chest, knocking him against the wall. The second hits
text: the CAMERA on his shoulder, EXPLODING it around his face.
scene_heading: FEMALE ACADEMY MEMBER
text: Blood spatters her white Armani dress and the shirt-
text: front of her escort. Portman's body slumps forward in
text: her lap, pinning her back in her seat. He's dead. His
text: pistol drops onto a pair of shiny, black leather pumps.
speaker_heading: ON STAGE
text: Frank holds his aim steady, reluctant to look away. He
text: half turns to Rachel, wincing with the effort. She's
text: unhurt. He has fulfilled his promise to her.
text: Rachel throws her arms around Frank and hugs him, tears
text: streaming down her cheeks.
dialog: 146.
text: Frank Farmer's face. Sad and weary. His guard is
text: finally down. Nothing more can happen. He slowly lowers
text: the gun, closes his eyes and lets his head fall onto his
dialog: chest.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON SPECTOR
text: In the midst of the commotion of medics, security men,
text: police and ushers, Spector bends down and gently retrieves
text: the gold envelope and the card bearing Rachel's name.
text: There are splatters of blood on it. He tries to wipe
text: them off with the silk handkerchief from his breast pocket.
scene_heading: 220 EXT. THE PANTAGES THEATRE - NIGHT 220
text: A chaos of press and public, ambulance and police lights
text: flashing, SIRENS WAILING.
text: ANGLE ON PART OF CROWD
text: Police and paramedics surrounding a man on a stretcher --
text: it is Frank -- Rachel walks at his side, clutching his
text: hand as he is rushed to an ambulance. Tony, a dressing
text: over his eyes, is also helped out by paramedics. Among
text: the gathered crowd, we focus in on one face. It is Dan,
text: pushed back to the sidelines and unable to see what is
text: happening. He slowly turns and walks away. CAMERA
text: CRANES to a HIGH WIDE SHOT of the scene.
scene_heading: 221 EXT. AIRPLANE TARMAC - DAY 221
text: A buffed-out charter turboprop stands on the tarmac as
text: the last pieces of equipment of Rachel's band are loaded
text: aboard from a truck. A limousine pulls up and Rachel
text: gets out with Tony and Court, who is clearly acting as
dialog: her bodyguard.
text: She greets some members of the band and others who will
text: be part of her entourage. A roadie has her luggage
text: removed from the limo and loaded aboard the plane.
text: Devaney is trying to hurry her on board. Spector is
text: conspicuous by his absence.
text: As Rachel and the others prepare to get onto the plane,
text: Tony, wearing a dark leather eyepatch, reacts to
dialog: something O.S.
text: Frank approaches from the nearby parking area. He is
text: pale. Under his clothes it can be seen that his torso is
text: still taped. He smiles as Tony. Their handshake becomes
text: a quick abrazo.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (indicating eyepatch)
dialog: How's it going?
dialog: 147.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Under control. But it won't be
dialog: the same... ya mutt.
text: Tony fakes a glancing blow to Frank's chin. Over by the
text: plane, Fletcher spots Frank and tugs at Rachel's dress,
text: till she turns to look. Fletcher runs up to Frank and
text: hugs him around the knees. Rachel approaches and Tony
text: moves back toward the plane.
text: Devaney waves in Frank's direction, tapping his watch to
text: indicate they are late. Frank waves and smiles.
text: Rachel's surprised to see Frank, but clearly happy.
text: Fletcher is ecstatic.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: You shouldn't be here.
text: Frank laughs. There is a pause.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: So, you're quitting show business?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Too bad. You had talent. What
dialog: are you going to do?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I thought I might hole up with my
dialog: dad.
dialog: (pats bandaged torso)
dialog: Finish that chess game.
text: Rachel nods approvingly.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Get him when Fletcher's not
dialog: around.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (ruffling Fletcher's
dialog: hair)
dialog: That's the idea.
text: Fletcher grins. Rachel starts to cry.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: So, how's the new guy?
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: He's got white hair, Frank.
dialog: 148.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: He's very good.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Why'd you have to get me an old
dialog: man?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I don't trust you.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Yeah... well, give me a kiss and
dialog: let's get this over with.
text: Frank gives her an awkward hug. They kiss.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: 'Bye Rachel.
text: Rachel turns quickly. She almost runs up the boarding
text: ladder. Frank remains watching her. Fletcher looks back
text: over his shoulder as they disappear into the plane.
scene_heading: 222 INT. PLANE - DAY 222
text: Rachel takes a seat beside Fletcher. Devaney leans over
dialog: the aisle.
speaker_heading: DEVANEY
dialog: That wasn't so bad.
dialog: (he sees her tears)
dialog: You okay?
text: Rachel is in her own world. Devaney passes the word to
text: get moving. The ENGINES WARM UP. Rachel turns and sees
text: Frank still standing there looking at her.
scene_heading: 223 INT. COCKPIT - DAY 223
text: The pilot's hand pushes forward on the throttle.
scene_heading: 224 EXT. PLANE - DAY 224
text: The nosewheel starts to taxi. The plane moves forward.
scene_heading: 225 INT. PLANE - DAY 225
text: Rachel's face at the window.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Wait...
scene_heading: 226 EXT. TARMAC - DAY 226
dialog: 149.
text: The steps start to fold down out of the plane, but not
dialog: fast enough for Rachel.
text: She jumps the last six feet, staggering slightly as the
text: plane's jet wash hits her, whipping her clothes and hair.
text: Without pausing, she runs to Frank who takes her in his
text: arms. They embrace and kiss. They kiss again and again.
text: Finally, slowly, Rachel draws back, her eyes are filled
text: with tears.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Remember when you said you'd risk
dialog: your life for me?
text: Frank tries to break in, but she won't let him interrupt.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: I didn't really believe it then.
dialog: Nobody means what they say. But
dialog: you did, Frank. You did it. You
dialog: laid it all on the line for me.
text: Frank tries to speak, she puts her hands to his lips.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Don't wreck this for me. I don't
dialog: want to hear any bullshit about
dialog: you just doing your job. You did
dialog: more than save my life, Frank.
dialog: You showed me a way to be. And I
dialog: love you for it.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: There, I said it.
dialog: (looks at him)
dialog: I'll never forget what it felt
dialog: like to be under your eye. Never.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: I won't be forgetting you either.
text: She presses something into Frank's hand.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Here... I want you to keep this.
dialog: If you ever need me, you just put
dialog: this on and no matter where you
dialog: are I will find you. I promise.
text: She gives him a quick kiss and walks back toward the
text: plane, her eyes holding Frank's. Frank opens his palm
text: to reveal the little enamel cross.
speaker_heading: ON FRANK
text: as the engines roar and the plane turns to taxi out.
dialog: 150.
text: The ROAR of the plane becomes APPLAUSE.
scene_heading: 227 EXT. CONCERT - NIGHT 227
text: Rachel's face in FULL FRAME, bathed in light and the
text: applause of a huge audience.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Thank you... Thank you... Now I
dialog: want to sing you an old song, but
dialog: it's a new favorite.
text: As the music begins, Rachel stands alone in front of the
text: band, mike in hand.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: You know, this song used to make
dialog: me feel sad... But it doesn't
dialog: anymore.
text: Rachel pauses. The audience is still.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: Now it just reminds me of someone
dialog: very special... This is for him.
text: Rachel begins to sing the song 'WHAT BECOMES OF THE
text: BROKEN HEARTED' - slow and sweet.
text: It's the song she and Frank danced to. As a VERSE
speaker_heading: TRAILS OFF --
scene_heading: 228 INT. CLERMONT HOTEL (IOWA CITY) - NIGHT 228
text: It is a Rotary Dinner.
text: The CAMERA TRACKS ALONG the front of the head table which
text: runs from one side of the room to the other.
speaker_heading: ROTARY PRESIDENT (O.S.)
dialog: Our speaker this evening, the
dialog: honorable congressman from the
dialog: fifth district, Galen Windsor, has
dialog: been a lone, courageous, voice...
dialog: he alone has challenged those who
dialog: have linked organized crime with
dialog: legitimate business throughout our
dialog: state.
text: STILL TRACKING, we see the Rotary President as he nods to
text: a distinguished-looking gentleman one seat to his right.
text: On the wall a sign identifying the hotel and a club
text: banner which reads -- "THE ROTARY CLUB OF IOWA CITY."
text: The CAMERA CONTINUES to TRACK and the Rotary President
text: goes OUT OF FRAME.
dialog: 151.
speaker_heading: ROTARY PRESIDENT (O.S.)
dialog: But first our benediction will be
dialog: delivered by Reverend Phillip
dialog: Hardy of the First Presbyterian Church.
text: STILL TRACKING we see the Reverend get up as the men
text: around him bow their heads.
speaker_heading: REVEREND HARDY
dialog: Heavenly Father, please bless us
dialog: today as we meet in friendship and duty.
text: STILL TRACKING as we REACH the end of the table.
speaker_heading: REVEREND HARDY (O.S.)
dialog: And Lord, whatever dangerous
dialog: endeavors those among us may take,
dialog: let them never be without your
dialog: sanctuary.
text: The CAMERA STOPS. Standing against the wall behind the
text: table is Frank. As the Reverend's prayer goes on, all
text: heads are bowed to receive the benediction. All heads
text: but Frank's. The CAMERA MOVES IN TIGHT ON his face.
speaker_heading: REVEREND HARDY
dialog: ... For all we know in our hearts
dialog: that even though we may walk
text: through the valley of the shadow
dialog: of death, you are with us...
dialog: guiding and protecting us. Amen.
text: The Reverend's final words segue into Rachel's song.
text: Frank's searching gaze around the room is arrested for
text: a moment as though reacting to Rachel's voice.
scene_heading: 229 INT. CONCERT - NIGHT 229
text: Rachel ends a phrase. She dabs at the corner of her eye
text: as she continues the song that still binds them together.
scene_heading: 230 INT. ROTARY CLUB DINNER - NIGHT 230
scene_heading: VERY CLOSE ON FRANK
text: His expression, so intense in the opening scene of the
text: film, is softer now. Rachel's voice continues as Frank
text: carefully scans the room.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
