dialog: The Empty Mirror
dialog: screenplay by
dialog: Barry Hershey and R. Buckingham
dialog: Story by
dialog: Barry Hershey
dialog: Walden Woods Film Company, Inc.
dialog: June 5, 1995
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.1
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: 1 PROLOGUE - (ACCOMPANIED BY A WAGNERIAN OVERTURE)
text: A SERIES OF GRAINY IMAGES
text: Snow blows over dead soldiers in a road.
text: A grainy image: A woman drags an emaciated corpse, its foot
text: leaves a shallow furrow in the sand.
text: A grief stricken mother caresses the face of her dead child.
text: The images dissolve into a gray, swirling, grainy abstraction.
scene_heading: 2 SWIRLING, OUT-OF-FOCUS SHAPES, BLACK AND WHITE
text: On the sound track: VOICES, distorted, animalistic.
text: The TITLE comes up over the abstract images. Some of the letters
text: are runic, mystical. The title fades out.
text: The VOICES distill to one familiar VOICE.
text: The swirling shapes begin to focus as we MOVE back.
text: We're watching a "screen" suspended in space.
text: ON THE SCREEN: An impassioned man speaks to a rapt crowd of
text: Hitler Youth. ADOLF HITLER, at the peak of his power.
speaker_heading: HITLER (German, no subtitles)
dialog: We will pass from the scene, but for you,
dialog: Germany will live on. And when we are gone,
dialog: it will be your duty to hold high in your
dialog: clenched fist the banner which we raised out
dialog: of nothingness. And I know it cannot be
dialog: otherwise, for you are flesh of our flesh and
dialog: blood of our blood, and the same spirit that
dialog: rules us burns in your young brains.
dialog: Today, standing on this stage, I am but a
text: tiny part of that which extends beyond, over
dialog: the whole of Germany, and we want you, German
dialog: boys and German girls, to absorb all our
dialog: hopes for the future of that Germany. We want
dialog: to be one nation, and you, my youth, shall
dialog: become that nation.
dialog: We want an end to classes and class
dialog: divisions, and you must keep such ideas from
dialog: looming within yourselves.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.2
text: As he forcefully gesticulates, we MOVE further back from the
text: screen and PAN across a dark, DANK, DUNGEON-LIKE CELL.
speaker_heading: HITLER (0.S. in German)
dialog: We want to see one Reich in the future, and
dialog: you must prepare yourselves for it. We want
dialog: this nation to be obedient, and you must
dialog: practice obedience. We want this nation to be
dialog: peace-loving but brave as well, and you must
dialog: be peace-loving. You must be peace-loving and
dialog: brave at the same time.
text: 3 THE SPEECH NEARS IT'S END, THE CAMERA FINDS A
scene_heading: SHADOWY FIGURE.
text: Standing alone in the cell, near an old projector, studying,
text: mesmerized by the images on the screen (the "cell-screen").
text: Wearing a suit from the thirties, this man resembles the man on
dialog: the screen: Hitler.
text: The projector's reels turn. The speech continues. The man in the
text: cell becomes increasingly prideful, strong.
speaker_heading: HITLER (0.S., in German)
dialog: Germany lies before us, Germany marches
dialog: within us, and Germany comes after us!
text: The crowd answers, roaring: Sieg Heil! Ein Volk! Ein Reich!
dialog: Ein Fuhrer!
text: As the chanting fades, we get our first clear look at the man in
text: the cell, basking in the adulation. It's confirmed: this is ADOLF
speaker_heading: HITLER.
text: He turns a switch to reverse the film, stops, switches it
text: forward. Adolf studies the last moments of the speech again.
text: The projected images allow him to drink from the memories of his
text: old power. He is Narcissus at the pond.
text: Off-frame, we hear the climax of Hitler's speech; and the crowd's
text: roaring chant: "SIEG HEIL! SIEG HEIL!"
dialog: Adolf stands watching. (we'll call him "Hitler" in historical
dialog: images, "Adolf" when in the cell)
text: The light reflects off the screen onto his face. As the CHEERS
text: begin to fade, the film clip comes to an end; followed by clear
text: film leader. Adolf continues staring at the screen, rapt.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.3
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO: INSIDE THE PROJECTOR - IMAGES IN THE "GATE"
text: During the long dissolve, Adolf is temporarily superimposed over
text: the sprockets and gears and film strip of the projector's gate
text: mechanism. The end of the leader SLAPS through the gate. The
text: projector lamp switches off.
text: MUCH WIDER: The room goes dark.
text: Adolf turns toward us, speaks the last lines of the speech,
text: repeating the gestures he used, perhaps trying to improve.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Germany lies before us, Germany marches
dialog: within us, and Germany comes after us!
text: We realize he's watching his reflection in a mirror.
text: After a few moments he lifts both hands, fingers spread wide near
text: his face. Imploringly, he shakes them, this time with no emotion
text: -- just scrutinizing the body language.
text: He smoothes down his suit jacket. Checks it for flaws, then
text: throws back his shoulders, stiffens his back and CLICKS his
text: heels. He half-salutes himself.
text: We MOVE closer. Time SLOWS almost to a freeze. It's a long,
dialog: uncomfortable moment.
text: It's interrupted by a TAPPING from off screen. Adolf snaps to
text: guarded alertness.
text: 4 A LAMP ON A TABLE IS QUICKLY DOUSED.
text: The cell goes to shadows.
text: CUT TO: A JAILER in a plain guard's uniform, tapping on the wall
text: with a long club (don't see his face here).
text: He passes behind Adolf, who now sits in a chair drawing ina
text: sketchbook. The images: Nazi architecture, massive buildings and
dialog: shrines for a new city.
text: In the background, the Jailer pokes around Adolf's bed with a
text: club, probing.
text: Apparently satisfied for now, the Jailer exits frame.
text: Adolf turns the light back on, relaxes slightly, his face droops
text: with fatigue. He strokes the back of his hand.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.4
speaker_heading: IMAGES FLASH:
scene_heading: 5 A WOMAN'S LONG BLONDE HAIR - MOSTLY ABSTRACT.
text: We study its soft, appealing texture.
text: Inexplicably, a swarthy hand rises up through the hair, and then
text: disappears back down into it.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 6 STEAM. WHITE, SWIRLING.
text: The steam thins. We see Adolf's chest, his suit, a pin on the
text: lapel -- a swastika in a circle.
text: Hot water pours from a faucet into an old porcelain sink. Adolf
text: turns it off, dips his hands into the steaming water.
text: The steam rises in front of his face. He cleans his hands,
text: nervous. Focused.
text: He begins to WHISTLE to himself -- a few bars from Wagner.
text: (along with the sound track, as if he "hears it")
text: SOUNDS: Distant SCREAMS, distant EXPLOSIONS, a ROARING inferno.
text: If Adolf hears them, its impossible to tell.
text: He dries his hands, and exits. We MOVE through the steam to:
speaker_heading: 7 THE WALL
text: It's dark stone surface is rough, moist, with veins of black
dialog: Minerals.
text: We move along the wall, and pass a distinct opening, a crumbling,
text: rough hole created by a vertical crack in the stone. A faint
text: bluish light shines through from the other side.
text: We continue along the wall to a table, on which we discover two
text: framed photos. One of Adolf's mother: Large, light-gray eyes
text: with dark, penetrating pupils and a plain, anxious face. Then the
text: eyes of Hitler as a child.
text: Nearby is a partial wooden mask of Hitler, upside down.
text: Finally, we discover Adolf, lying in his bed, his back to us.
text: With his right hand, he pinches compulsively at his left wrist,
text: as if trying to get at something crawling just under the skin.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.5
text: We MOVE slowly in towards the back of his head until the frame is
text: filled with blackness.
text: FADE UP FROM THIS BLACKNESS TO:
text: the gray, textured wall (an intentional repeat). We glide along
text: this surface, past the back-lit opening in the wall.
text: Again, we arrive at a table, with the two framed photos. One of
text: Klara, the smaller one of Hitler as a child. And again, the
text: Hitler mask lies on the table, but in a slightly different
dialog: position.
text: Finally, as before, Adolf is revealed lying in his bed, facing
text: away from us. This time, he is still. We move slowly in towards
text: the back of Adolf's head, filling the frame with BLACKNESS.
scene_heading: OVER THE BLACKNESS:
speaker_heading: ADOLF (0.S., dictating)
text: At the extreme one becomes a symbol.
text: 8 ADOLF IN A SINGLE POOL OF LIGHT
text: Pacing.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Every man who desires adulation will
dialog: recognize in me the pure manifestation of
dialog: that dark part of himself.
text: An old typewriter appears in the foreground, fingers TYPING.
text: Adolf turns, struts a few steps, looks at the mirror.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (continuing)
dialog: I am the perfect reflection of each man with
dialog: a lust to dominate, who has some bias or
text: prejudice... some unsatisfied craving.
text: ON THE CELL SCREEN IN THE BACKGROUND: Townspeople greet Adolf's
text: car as he enters an invaded city.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Some will condemn me morally, but they cannot
dialog: escape the power of my image.
dialog: Their self-righteousness will dissolve as
dialog: their hearts beat with the rhythm of my
dialog: essence.
dialog: Even those poor souls who hate me will
dialog: privately envy me, because I fulfilled my
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.6
text: dreams while others repress their true
dialog: desires.
dialog: Thus, have I guaranteed my immortality; the
dialog: essential Hitler has a hold on every human
dialog: heart.
text: Adolf stops, very satisfied. But insecurity re-emerges.
text: He turns to the TYPIST, who for now is always seen from the back.
text: (he is Nordic, with blonde hair, a chiseled face, dressed in a
text: black SS uniform. He is eager, dutiful.)
speaker_heading: ADOLF (to the Typist)
dialog: Does that sound cliched?....
dialog: (the Typist does not answer)
dialog: Anyway, let's end this on a poetic note:
dialog: Will to power, will to form, will to beauty.
text: MEDIUM CLOSE ON ADOLF: After pausing to appreciate his words, he
text: turns and walks out of frame, leaving blackness.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: 9 OMITTED
scene_heading: 10 ADOLF, AT THE PROJECTOR
text: Carefully threading the projector. He switches on the lamp. Its
text: brilliance leaks from cracks in the housing. The motor DRONES up
dialog: to speed.
text: The film CHATTERS through the gate. The tiny images come to
text: life, suspended upside-down behind the lens. Colorful this time.
text: We follow the beam of light through the lens outward into the
text: cell to the cell screen.
text: ON THE CELL-SCREEN: Eva, wearing her peasant dress (smiling into
text: the camera), on the porch of their mountain retreat. Then on the
text: beach, frolicking in her bathing suit. These are ‘home movie'
text: images. She seems remarkably innocent and young.
text: The camera BOOMS DOWN to Adolf in the foreground, silhouetted
text: against the cell-screen images of Eva.
text: We drift around to Adolf's face, which has softened with
text: nostalgia. We drift behind him again. He stands up, blocking out
text: the images. Hold on the blackness.
text: 11 FADE IN: A MAGNIFYING LENS IN ADOLF'S HAND.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.7
text: Animated shapes swirl in the glass. It moves aside, revealing a
dialog: photographic proof sheet that captures sampled motion picture
text: frames, taken from a speech.
text: Adolf scrutinizes them with unnatural intensity.
text: SOUNDS: We hear a distant crowd: Sieg Heil! Echoed. It rises in
text: volume to a ROAR.
text: 12 VAST RANKS OF SOLDIERS MOVE IN AND OUT OF FOCUS.
text: It's the 1934 party rally at Nuremberg. The ranks of soldiers,
text: out of focus, form abstract geometric shapes.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Nothing is more important to me than the
dialog: preservation of these images.
text: Adolf stops fiddling with the lens, crosses and sits stiffly.
text: Imperious. We discover DR. JOSEPH GOEBBELS kneeling on one knee
text: at Adolf's feet. He is short and thin, dark-haired and ferret-
text: faced. One leg is crippled.
text: ON THE CELL-SCREEN: The formations and movements are strikingly
text: choreographed. Formal and angular.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Power, order, solemnity. Look at the men,
text: Goebbels. The geometry. The classic lines.
text: Goebbels limps up to the cell-screen, moves his hands to outline
dialog: the formations.
speaker_heading: GOEBBELS
dialog: You know what I like most? Your decision to
dialog: break the formation here and here.
dialog: Not only did it serve the composition, it
text: gives the impression of the Cross.
text: He draws the cross on the cell-screen as he's speaking, showing
dialog: the pattern.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (nodding)
dialog: Mmmm... the Messiah theme.
text: He crosses back to Adolf, retakes his position at his feet.
speaker_heading: GOEBBELS
dialog: Ah... Here it is.
text: CELL-SCREEN: Hitler walks slowly up the middle of the vast
text: formation of standing soldiers.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.8
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Do you think I should have walked down the
dialog: aisle alone?
speaker_heading: GOEBBELS
dialog: An interesting question.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: My instinct was that a loner would be viewed
dialog: as less trustworthy. Better to be surrounded
dialog: by faithful lieutenants.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (cont'd)
dialog: (studies the unfolding pageantry)
dialog: Those men, Goebbels. What are they thinking?
speaker_heading: GOEBBELS
dialog: A person wants to be part of something beyond
dialog: his small self. To escape. To be lost ina
dialog: historic moment.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: I wonder if their feet hurt.
text: Goebbels hesitates, unsure if Adolf is making a joke.
speaker_heading: GOEBBELS
dialog: You organized us on a whole new basis.
text: Adolf stares questioningly.
speaker_heading: GOEBBELS
dialog: By invoking Aryan superiority... You enabled
dialog: us to transcend regional and religious
dialog: rivalries. Even trivial issues of gender,
dialog: age. And class distinctions.
text: CELL SCREEN: Soldiers representing numerous German communities
text: eagerly answer a roll call (played in silence).
text: Propaganda footage, swastikas, idealized Aryan youth, zealous
text: crowds, build to grandiose scale.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (stands)
dialog: I created a great circulation of energy,
text: self-replicating, self-reaffirming.
text: (after a few beats, erupts)
dialog: My god!
text: Pumped with adrenaline, Adolf stands near a table that displays a
text: model for a Nazi city. In the foreground of our shot: massive
dialog: buildings.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.9
speaker_heading: FADE TO BLACK
text: 13 OVER BLACK: THE CROWD SOUNDS FADE AND DISTORT
text: FADE IN: A montage of fragmented, abstract images: An ancient
text: Norse hammer (Thor's) arcs through blackness. Firelight flickers
text: off eight test-tubes of blood. Details of human shapes, abstract,
text: black and white. Black hair being pulled out of sand. Abstract
text: details of a skull-like death-mask. Red liquid oozes from a crack
text: in the ceiling.
speaker_heading: FADE TO BLACK
scene_heading: 13A OVER BLACK - WE HEAR METAL SPIKES RAKING ON STONE
text: The Jailer's club, its tip menacingly wrapped in barbed wire,
text: appears out of the darkness, dragging along the walls. The
text: Jailer's eyes glow from the dark like a wolf's in firelight.
scene_heading: 14 ON THE TYPIST
text: Inscrutable, unemotional, the typist types Adolf's words. Adolf's
text: mood has gone dark and bitter, full of hate.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: In the first world war, the Jews and the
text: Bolsheviks stabbed Germany in the back.
text: ON THE CELL-SCREEN: The propaganda images. Night rallies.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Even as German blood spilled in our just and
dialog: noble cause, the enemy within sought to
dialog: destroy us with treachery. The bad within
dialog: must be extracted. We must protect Germany. I
dialog: MUST save the motherland from this
dialog: defilement !
text: The veins on Adolf's face bulge with rage. He begins to COUGH,
text: with increasing violence, until he's hacking up phlegm. Out of
text: respect, the Typist averts his gaze.
text: Adolf hurries to wipe his mouth with his handkerchief. Adolf
text: pants for breath. He crosses past the cell-screen, and into the
dialog: darkness.
text: 15 CLOSE: ADOLF UNBUTTONS THE CUFF OF HIS SHIRT SLEEVE.
text: A woman's hands stick the needle of a syringe into the top of a
text: small bottle of whitish liquid. The plunger sucks up the liquid
text: into the syringe. Adolf lowers his arm in readiness.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.10
scene_heading: 16 SEVEN HITLER YOUTH, FOUR BOYS, THREE GIRLS.
text: The girls, feminine and petite, sit on a bench facing Adolf.
text: Behind them, the boys, tall and angular, stand "at ease". We keep
text: our distance (wider shots). Adolf paces.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
text: Film is the magician's mirror. The first art
dialog: form that allows the artist to project his
dialog: dreams and fantasies into the inner life of
text: the viewer. To reshape and capture his soul.
text: He stops, turns towards the rapt twelve-to-sixteen-year-olds.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (cont'd)
dialog: Who's the tallest here? Among the girls?
text: They hesitate. A tall girl bravely raises her hand.
text: Adolf motions for her to stand, come nearer. She does.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
text: Kneel down.
text: She obeys, shyly. From her POV, he now looms above her.
text: Her tension is vaguely sexual.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Tell your classmates what you have
dialog: experienced.
speaker_heading: YOUTH GIRL
dialog: I will obey my Fuhrer.
text: Adolf gently helps her up. She walks back to the bench.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: What I did, I did for film. To create a
text: perfect reality indelibly imprinted in the
dialog: minds of billions. My works of grandeur and
dialog: destruction live on. They will touch and
dialog: transform even the unborn.
text: CELL-SCREEN: Spectacular Nazi parades: Soldiers, armaments,
text: throngs of people waving along the routes. Adolf standing in an
text: open car, moving in isolation among the crowds like a rolling
text: statue. Adoring crowds chanting Heil Hitler.
text: IN THE CELL, Adolf increases the volume to deafening levels.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.11
dialog: I am the artist. I am the art work.
text: A TALL BOY'S GLASSES reflect images from the cell screen, which
text: progress to night parades - thousands carrying torches.
text: Adolf walks into the projector beam, his shadow on the screen
text: surrounded by the torch-bearing crowd.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: I was Homer, I was Ulysses, I was the
dialog: Odyssey.
text: The images transition to night battles; all around Adolf's
text: shadow, which continues to grow, explosions flash, fire rages.
text: Heroic soldiers charge into battle.
text: WIDER: The Youth in the foreground, the cell-screen in the
dialog: background.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (cont'd)
dialog: I enlisted powerful men, courageous men, to
dialog: the task of fulfilling my artistic destiny.
text: 17 A FILE DRAWER IS SLAMMED SHUT
text: Adolf seems nervous, disconcerted. He yanks open another file
text: drawer.... flips hurriedly through it, searching. Again, is
text: frustrated. SLAMS this drawer closed... Tries to collect
text: himself, to stem the panic.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Where was I.... Oh... I remember now...
text: Adolf waits. Off screen, the Typist hits the carriage return.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: One power alone makes a great leader:
dialog: imagination, divine vision.
dialog: (aside, to the Typist)
dialog: I took those words from someone...
dialog: I can't remember who.
text: He inflates himself, then exhales, relaxing, content.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Ah, it's good to be writing again.
text: Adolf watches the Typist to see if he will react. He doesn't.
scene_heading: 18 DISSOLVE TO: THE RECORD PLAYER.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.12
text: Adolf puts a record on the machine. He moves the stylus to a
text: specific piece. It SCRATCHES as he sets it down.
text: THE MUSIC: An instrumental portion of Handel's Messiah.
text: Adolf reacts; this isn't the part he was looking for.
text: He moves the stylus, but again, wrong section.
text: He tries once more. At last, he finds the portion he desires.
text: He moves his hands in small rhythmic motion, humming with the
dialog: music.
scene_heading: BACKGROUND CELL-SCREEN: A "cathedral of lights", created by
text: German search lights in the night sky (from "Olympia").
speaker_heading: OPERATIC CHORUS
dialog: For unto us a child is born.
dialog: Unto us a son is given,
dialog: and the government shall be
text: upon his shoulder, and his name
dialog: shall be called Wonderful, Councilor,
dialog: the mighty God, the everlasting Father,
dialog: the Prince of Peace.
text: As the music rises, his arm movements get broader and more
text: energetic. He loses himself in "conducting" his orchestra.
text: He begins to 'sing' the voices of the instruments, becoming so
text: consumed that he takes on an almost possessed quality.
text: The music crescendos; Adolf ends posed with one hand reaching for
text: the heavens, the other clutched desperately over his chest,
dialog: suggesting either divine inspiration or insanity.
speaker_heading: 19 OMITTED
text: 20 OUT OF THE BLACKNESS BEHIND HIM, A BLONDE WOMAN APPEARS
text: Stepping into the projector's beam. Her diaphanous gown glows in
text: the light. She seems to descend gradually, angelic. As she
text: approaches, the light on her face becomes luminous. She seems
text: innocent, with large blue eyes that soothe and tempt. We notice
text: a cross around her neck. This is EVA BRAUN, as seen and
text: idealized from Hitler's point of view.
text: Her motions, and time, slow down.
text: Adolf senses her, turns, backing out of the frame as she comes
text: closer. His dark hair edges off frame, which fills with
dialog: whiteness.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.13
text: FADE TO PURE WHITE.
scene_heading: 21 FULL FRAME WHITE
text: A hand enters, caresses the smooth, white skin. Track with the
text: hand along her body, deliberately framing out her face.
text: MACRO CLOSE on the back-lit blonde hair of Eva's thigh as Adolf's
text: fingers move along the "horizon," then push against her flesh.
text: Extreme close on Adolf's lips, close to her ear.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (whispers)
dialog: Your fairness cleanses me....
dialog: (lies next to her)
dialog: To make love to you is to make love to all of
dialog: Germany.
text: She runs her hands sensually along the straps of his uniform, his
text: leather belt. Fondles his iron cross.
speaker_heading: EVA (playfully)
dialog: My Fuhrer.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (smiles)
dialog: My little Bavarian angel.
text: She responds affectionately, and for a few moments, they are lost
text: in each other. She pulls his hand to her mouth, kisses it. Then
text: moves to kiss his face.
text: A MENTAL IMAGE FLASHES: The profile of a SWARTHY MAN'S face,
text: looking down, moving downward through space, very slowly, very
text: dreamlike.
text: IN THE CELL: Adolf grimaces. The light on his face dims.
text: AGAIN, THE IMAGE FLASHES: The Swarthy Man's face descending
text: through space, his eyes focused downward.
text: IN THE CELL: Adolf has become agitated. He FREEZES,
text: hearing the Jailer's club RAKING on stone. He sits up.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: What?
text: She reaches for him. Disgusted, he pushes her hand away.
text: She recoils, confused.
text: LOW ANGLE, BOOTS IN FOREGROUND: Adolf pulls one boot on.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.14
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: I represented the rejection of the modern...
text: EVA (sits up behind him)
dialog: What is it, Adolf?
text: With his back to her, he pulls on the other boot. While he's
text: struggling, he grumbles to himself.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: (0.S., the Typist TYPES)
dialog: ...a return to the world of Homer....
dialog: In which war is not about massive
dialog: destruction, but remains first and foremost
dialog: an instrument to enhance a hero's personal
dialog: glory.
text: He pauses. Then stands up. We pull away with him from Eva. He
text: walks off frame, his boots LOUD on the floor.
text: CUT TO: He lays unframed kitschy paintings on a table. Hold on
text: the last one, a woman nursing a baby.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
text: 22 PULL BACK FROM THE BLACK FIELD
text: and discover it's a black section of one of the so called
text: "degenerate" paintings: an expressionistic painting of a woman.
text: The middle of the painting starts to blacken. Eventually, it
text: catches fire.
text: PULL BACK TO reveal this painting is on the top of a pile of
text: paintings, all aflame.
text: CLOSE ON ADOLF: The fire reflecting off his face.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (to the Typist, 0.S.)
text: Modern art is the enfevered fantasies of an
text: incurably sick people. The fact that nine
text: tenths of artistic trash, literary filth and
dialog: theatrical idiocy can be traced to the
dialog: account of one people, constituting hardly
dialog: one percent of all the country's inhabitants
dialog: can simply not be talked away. It's the plain
dialog: truth.
text: ON THE CELL SCREEN: The most "Norman Rockwell" of Nazi Art.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.15
text: IN THE CELL: Another "degenerate" painting, and then another are
dialog: tossed onto the flames: but these are recognized as great art
dialog: (Van Gogh, Matisse - from the "degenerate art" exhibit). Their
text: empty frames lie in a stack nearby, efficiently saved.
text: The TYPING diminishes to a CLICKING. Adolf turns to see:
text: 23 A WOMAN'S LEGS, SEEN FROM CALF TO THIGH
text: walk into a black frame, the hem of her black dress fluttering.
text: We HEAR her high heels on the floor.
text: TILT UP to her hand carrying a ceremonial dagger with a long
text: gilded blade and circular swastika attached to the end of the
text: grip (we don't see her face).
speaker_heading: ADOLF
text: watches the paintings burn. The CLICKING of the woman's shoes
text: gets louder. He tries not to notice.
text: 24 KEYS TYPE ON WHITE PAPER, THE HEADING:
dialog: "Reason is the devil's whore."
text: The Typist hits the carriage return several times. Reads the
text: words. Adolf closes a folder, having read a page inside.
dialog: ADOLF (with malice)
dialog: The Jewish - Christian creed with its
dialog: effeminate ethics undermines our vitality.
text: Morality is decay, a blemish like the Hebrew
dialog: circumcision. The German people must learn to
dialog: distrust reason; the dirty and degrading
dialog: idea of conscience.
text: CELL SCREEN: Soldiers goose-stepping. The POUNDING of boots on
text: pavement continues throughout the scene.
text: IN THE CELL: The Typist dutifully hammers the keys in rhythm.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: What number was the last footnote?
speaker_heading: TYPIST
dialog: Twenty-eight.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Footnote twenty-nine. The Fuhrer wrote these
text: words for the first draft of Mein Kampf...
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.16
dialog: The morning of May 2, 1924 in Landsberg
dialog: Prison.
text: He walks over, drops the folder on the Typist's desk.
text: To the sounds of MARCHING from the screen, Adolf turns to the
text: mirror, pushes his hair back and adjusts his uniform.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (to the Typist)
dialog: In other countries, why do they keep the
dialog: German title, "Mein Kampf", instead of
dialog: translating it to "My Struggle?"
text: ON THE CELL SCREEN: Hitler reviewing the troops at a parade, then
text: more of the soldiers goose-stepping (abstracted).
text: 25 THE MIRROR - THE REFLECTION ON IT IS FROZEN, OUT OF FOCUS
text: The image focuses: Adolf lit by one source, off screen, his face
text: rimmed in light, still "frozen".
text: He moves. He seems to have a lamp in his hand, just off frame.
text: He moves his arm slowly in an arc, studying the way the lamp
text: affects the moving light and shadows on his face.
text: He moves the lamp behind his head, "back-lighting" himself,
text: throwing his face into darkness.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (to the Typist, 0.S.)
text: The sun is uncontrollable, unforgiving.
dialog: With the sun you can't shape or sculpt
dialog: reality.
text: When in front of him, the lamp has a flattering effect on his
text: wrinkles. He lets it linger here.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: I hate the sun.
text: He "places" the light, and takes a dramatic-speech pose.
text: ADOLF'S POV: A vague outline of a camera stands behind and to the
text: side of the mirror.
text: ON ADOLF: He checks his pose in the mirror again.
text: CLICK: The image freezes into a still photograph.1
text: CUT AHEAD TO: Adolf, unsatisfied, places the still photo on an
text: easel, studies the pose captured there, and then the mirror, and
text: then repeats the pose, to perfect it.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.17
text: CLICK: Another portrait is taken. The image freezes to a still.
text: CUT AHEAD TO: Adolf, still unsatisfied, again places the still
text: photo on an easel, nervously pushes his hair back from his face,
text: and then obsessively uses the mirror to improve.
scene_heading: CLICK. CLICK. CLICK.
text: Photo after pose after photo after pose. He never quite gets it
text: right. But it gets better. By the last pose, it's a striking
text: freeze-frame of passion and righteous rage.
speaker_heading: FADE TO RED
scene_heading: 26 FADE IN: RED LIQUID PUDDLES IN A CORNER OF THE CELL
scene_heading: SERIES OF SHOTS:
text: Hot coals turn from red to black as they cool. Details of
text: horrific "degenerate" art (by Otto Dix). Chunks of mortar between
text: stones in a Speerian cell wall crack and crumble away -- pressure
text: from beyond the wall, barely revealing human bones underneath.
text: The image shakes subtly, a deep vibration, as if in an
dialog: earthquake.
scene_heading: 27 A HAND-WRITTEN ENVELOPE ADDRESSED TO THE FUHRER
text: A hand pulls a letter from the envelope. It's worn and tattered,
text: obviously read and re-read many times.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Let's enter one more into the record.
text: (pulls it from envelope, reads as
dialog: the Typist types, 0.S.)
dialog: This is from April, 1935. A woman from
dialog: Berlin. "My fervently adored Fuhrer. You
dialog: have a birthday, and we know only two ardent
dialog: wishes: May everything in our fatherland be
dialog: now and in the future just as you want it to
dialog: be and may God provide that you be preserved
dialog: for us forever. Your loyal, E.E."
text: ON THE CELL SCREEN behind him: boy and girl members of the Hitler
text: Youth exercise in strict, attractive formation.
text: Adolf smiles pridefully, puts the letter into a basket full of
text: hundreds more letters like it. Affixed to each is a postage stamp
text: of a Hitler portrait. Adolf sorts through them, selects another
dialog: one he likes.
scene_heading: 28 MOVE THROUGH MODEL CITY TOWARDS GIANT DOME (BG: CELL SCREEN)
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.18
text: It's a fantasy land, a future Nazi utopia.
text: The architecture is huge stone slabs, thick columns. Towering
text: over all is the "main building," a gargantuan exaggeration of
text: scale with a huge dome.
text: Looking up from inside this misproportioned city, we see Adolf
text: lean over the buildings. His hair fallen down over his forehead.
text: Goebbels appears behind him.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: There is magic in enormity, my Little Doctor.
text: He lifts a scaled model of the Eiffel tower into view, sets it
text: down next to his own eagle-topped tower. He seems disappointed to
text: discover that the French tower is taller.
text: CLOSE ON THE BASE OF THE NAZI TOWER
text: Adolf lifts it, slips a block under it. We TILT UP to see that
text: it is now just taller than the Eiffel Tower. Adolf underplays his
dialog: pleasure.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
text: Overwhelming, like a dominant father.
speaker_heading: GOEBBELS
dialog: Yes, but the art is in disguising the
dialog: technique. Brutality must be wrapped in
dialog: velvet. That's what distinguishes us from,
dialog: say... a thug like Stalin.
text: Goebbels pulls a three-inch roll of red cloth from his pocket.
text: It's tied up with gold string. Goebbels reaches to attach it to
dialog: a building...
text: Adolf walks toward the Typist, begins dictating quietly.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Wagner made the exorbitant demand that the
text: stage become an hypnotic instrument under the
dialog: power of the artist.
dialog: I imposed the same demand on Germany.
text: He walks back to Goebbels, who has decorated Germania for a
text: parade, turning the main mall into something almost festive.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.19
dialog: History is an error to be rewritten by the
dialog: visionary playwright.
scene_heading: FROM GERMANIA STREET LEVEL
text: Looking up at the front of the massive main building.
text: The entire "mall" is now decorated with Nazi flags on buildings,
text: flags suspended from light poles, etc.
text: Dr. Goebbels, just above the skyline, unfurls a long roll of red
text: cloth -- the largest red Nazi flag. It drops down the length of
text: the tall tower.
text: Adolf inspects it, nods.
text: A TOY SOLDIER STANDS ON A STREET OF THE MODEL CITY
text: Adolf's hand picks it up. We follow it along the street
text: towards the huge dome. The dome's top is lifted off.
text: We rise up over the lip, hearing CROWDS!
speaker_heading: INSIDE THE DOME
text: Adolf's hand places the toy soldier on a giant podium.
text: We discover ADOLF'S FACE, peering in over the top.
text: ANGLE UP at the tiny man on the huge podium, Adolf's
text: proportionately enormous head looking down on us.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: While Wagner brought the German myths to the
dialog: operatic stage, I brought them to the world.
dialog: I am the superman, a Teutonic knight on the
dialog: quest for the Holy Grail. Compared to me,
dialog: Wagner was a minimalist.
text: He says it with no self-irony. Goebbels watches him with a
text: chameleon face that serves whatever Adolf projects onto him.
text: WAGNERIAN MUSIC builds aggressively, as if to dominate Adolf. To
text: put him in his place. Adolf's mood changes. The hollow bravado
text: wanes. Humility overtakes him.
text: The music crescendos. Followed by the roar of applause.
text: BEAMS OF LIGHT form a mini "cathedral of lights" behind the dome.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.20
text: TINY SWASTIKAS flutter down onto Germania. Adolf hears the
text: applause, re-inflates himself. He gently sprinkles swastikas
text: from his hand, like a gardener, from above the city.
scene_heading: LONG DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 29 HITLER STARING OFF INTO SPACE (NO CELL SCREEN)
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Wait... I thought you said our count was five
dialog: million seven hundred thousand.
text: Hands roll a map of 1930's Europe onto a war table.
speaker_heading: GOERING
dialog: They're using the six million figure.
text: GENERAL GOERING is dressed in one of his elaborate uniforms with
text: numerous medals. Dangling from his belt is a large ceremonial
text: battle sword in its ornate scabbard. He stands back, with his
text: fist on its handle.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Typical. A clever exaggeration.
dialog: (thinks)
dialog: Let's use that figure, Goering. All the
dialog: better for us. History likes round numbers.
text: Adolf jots figures on a piece of paper near the map.
text: He looks out over Europe.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: The war total was 55 million....
speaker_heading: ADOLF (cont'd)
dialog: Out of that the camps and the death squads
dialog: were responsible for only eleven or twelve
dialog: million.
speaker_heading: GOERING
dialog: Twelve.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Could we say that over half of those were
dialog: non-Jews?
speaker_heading: GOERING
dialog: We could say that over fifty percent were
dialog: Christians, atheists and Pagans.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.21
dialog: Awkward language.
speaker_heading: GOERING
dialog: What term covers Gypsies, Polish
dialog: intelligentsia, Russian upper strata,
dialog: prisoners of war, French and Yugoslavian
dialog: partisans, political opponents...
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Should we use "gentiles?"
dialog: (calculates in his mind)
dialog: But... if twelve million were liquidated and
dialog: six million were Jews... Or is five point
dialog: seven...? Scheissa! Why can't I get
dialog: accurate numbers?! Where's Himmler?!
speaker_heading: GOERING
dialog: I would stand behind this wording: "Almost
dialog: half the dead were from the Christian world."
text: Adolf considers, then nods, resigning himself to this.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Yes... And yet the Jews take they're removal
dialog: so personally.
speaker_heading: GOERING
dialog: What strikes me is that little notice is
dialog: taken of the fact that the first biological
dialog: cleansing eliminated German nationals: The
text: disabled, the retarded, the mentally ill...
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: And the bed wetters....
speaker_heading: ADOLF (cont'd)
dialog: (shakes his head)
text: The useless eaters. Commenced, September one,
dialog: nineteen-thirty nine.
speaker_heading: GOERING
dialog: Actually it was October first. You back-dated
dialog: the decree one month to correspond with the
dialog: first day of the war.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Tidier... War for living space. War for race
text: purification. All begun on the same day.
text: He says this without emotion. All business. Cold.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.22
speaker_heading: 29A OMITTED
text: 30 CUT TO: SIDE VIEW OF AN SS UNIFORM
text: Move up along the side of the uniform, to discover a long dagger
text: in its sheath, hanging from the belt. We travel further up along
text: the side, around to the front, to above the collar where a post
text: sticks out to hold up the hat.
text: 31 ON THE CELL SCREEN: IMAGES OF HITLER WEARING HATS
text: Followed by other peaceful images of life at the Berghof.
text: IN THE CELL: Eva watches these images while Adolf flips through
text: loose photos lying on open pages of a photo album.
speaker_heading: EVA (V.0.)
dialog: Look at you posing for my camera, as if you
dialog: didn't know I was there.
text: Adolf ignores her, stays focused on the images. They're "home
text: photos," of Hitler with Eva, with his dog, in various home
text: settings. Adolf wears a hat in a few of them.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (0.S.)
dialog: Do I look more mysterious in a hat?
text: Eva turns from the home movies, shakes her head. He then puts the
text: hatless picture on top of the hat picture, and moves on.
text: She notices a photo of Hitler with Himmler and Goering. Compared
text: to their costumes, Hitler's is noticeably plain.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Why did you never wear an official army, SA
dialog: or SS uniform?
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Better to remain undefined.
dialog: (stops, reflects on this)
dialog: Suggestive indefiniteness.
text: She finds one of Hitler smiling.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: There are so few public pictures of you
text: smiling.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.23
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Before I became Chancellor, there were none.
dialog: Nor any with children or small animals.
text: While Adolf continues looking at photos, Eva goes back to the
dialog: home movies.
text: ON THE CELL SCREEN: Adolf with puppies running around at his
text: feet. He remains standing, stiff, unwilling to bend to them.
text: Then, images of Eva on an ocean liner.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: The Iceland vacation was a joyous time for my
dialog: sisters and me. You should have come with
dialog: us. You were always inspired by the Viking
dialog: sagas.
dialog: (she pauses to remember)
dialog: The only flaw in the trip was a delay before
dialog: we departed from Hamburg.
dialog: A family was removed from the ship...
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: (cuts her off)
dialog: I had no time for holiday trips.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: The police came just before we were to leave.
dialog: I'll never forget the cries of the woman.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (roars)
dialog: Be quiet! Never mention that again.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: I don't understand how a family with children
dialog: could be a threat to any of our...
text: Adolf suddenly becomes extremely angry, knocks aside the photos
text: and albums he's sorting. He jumps up and walks toward us until
text: he's EXTREMELY CLOSE.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: (grumbles under his breath)
dialog: The greater the man, the more insignificant
dialog: should be his woman.
text: In the background, Eva waits for him to calm down. Like a
text: retriever dog, she looks around for something to offer, picks up
text: the photo album, brings it to him, holding it up.
speaker_heading: EVA (meek, 0.S.)
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.24
dialog: Look...
text: It's a photo of herself when she was young, blonder and fatter
text: (Hoffman 242-EB-32-1B). Adolf ignores her at first. Finally
text: looks at the photo. Eva hurries to ingratiate.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Did you like me better when I was blonde with
dialog: baby fat or later when I was brunette and
dialog: thin?
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: (still dominant)
dialog: I liked you when you were blonde and thin.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
text: 32 FADE IN: THE WOMAN IN THE BLACK DRESS
text: stands in her own light.
text: She is tall, black haired, domineering, dressed in a sleek,
text: formal gown in the style of the thirties. Shoulders and cleavage
text: revealed, very white skin. Made up and styled to look
text: mysterious, alluring.
text: Her black dress blends with the dark background so that her body
text: -- from bust up -- seems to float in space.
text: 33 AT THE PROJECTOR, HITLER'S ALONE, WITHOUT EVA
text: He's still a little lost in the thought. After a beat, he
text: smoothes back his hair, tries to recompose himself.
text: He becomes aware of someone in the cell... turns.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Freud?
speaker_heading: ADOLF'S POV:
text: Across the room is SIGMUND FREUD, who appears as one would
text: expect: archetypal. As if in a classic portrait.
text: Adolf keeps his eyes on Freud, steps towards him, circles him.
text: Takes a posture of strength.
text: ON THE CELL SCREEN behind him: abstract turbulence.
text: FREUD keeps his eyes on Adolf, studying him.
text: Adolf clearly doesn't like being measured.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.25
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: You could never understand a man of will.
speaker_heading: FREUD
dialog: You prefer the cloak of enigma.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: The problem with you Jews is you think you
dialog: know so much.
text: Freud looks back at him, indifferent.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: The inside of a man, this foolishness about
dialog: the id, and... superego...
dialog: A man is the sum total of his acts! Success
dialog: justifies all.
speaker_heading: FREUD
dialog: Interesting. So, what can we learn from your
dialog: actions?
speaker_heading: ADOLF
text: A man is his own creation, his own artwork.
dialog: To use only reason is to close the door to
dialog: the power of an idea like, "blood and soil."
speaker_heading: FREUD
dialog: What of your inner world?
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: I know myself completely. I know my personal
dialog: myths. That is enough.
text: He walks away from Freud, stops, straightens his jacket.
text: ON THE CELL SCREEN in the background: More abstract turbulence --
text: made to look like a Rorschach test.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: With the answers to a thousand questions, you
dialog: and your kind could not begin to understand
dialog: me. Only a poet can touch the edge of the
dialog: Fuhrer mystery.
text: Freud carefully considers Adolf's words. ADOLF stares back with
text: ominous intensity. Adolf then takes an abrupt,
text: aggressive step towards Freud, rising even further in the frame.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.26
text: FREUD - slows to freeze frame, literally, with his hand frozen
text: awkwardly at the tip of his beard. He is dehumanized. The SOUNDS
text: also "freeze", clipped, echoing to nothing.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 34 THREE BLONDE CHILDREN, SIX YEARS OLD, PLAYING
text: Two girls and a boy are sitting on his lap. Another girl plays
text: with the hair of the first. Filling the frame, Adolf is
text: surrounded by fair-haired youth. He's very playful, comfortable,
text: more loose than he ever is with adults.
text: They lift his spirits. He keeps them close as he dictates to the
dialog: Typist.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: From Latvia to Lithuania. From Estonia to
dialog: Slovakia. From Russia, from Poland to the
dialog: Ukraine -- wherever we found them....
text: 250,000 blonde-haired, blue-eyed nuggets
dialog: harvested for the Third Reich...
dialog: (as an afterthought)
text: Nordic nuggets, to lighten up the dark
dialog: Bavarians.
speaker_heading: TYPIST (stops typing)
dialog: We took children from their parents?
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: They were misplaced Germans. We brought them
dialog: home.
text: ON THE TYPIST: He gazes at Hitler, as if he might question
text: further, but then nods and goes back to work.
text: 35 FADE IN: A PAINT BRUSH DIPS IN COLOR, MOVES TO A FACE
text: As the brush adds finishing detail, we PULL BACK to reveal a
text: self-portrait of Adolf, which depicts him in an overcoat with
text: collar up, dramatically knight-like and "Aryan." Behind him in
text: the portrait are glorious, unpopulated mountains and plains:
dialog: living space.
text: WAGNERIAN MUSIC accompanies his work. Along with TYPING.
text: For reference, Adolf glances at a classical bust of the ideal
text: Aryan - high cheek bones, square jaw, full lips and near perfect
dialog: nose.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.27
dialog: When I was a small boy in Linz, I frequently
dialog: played alone. I would walk to the top of a
text: hill overlooking the city. In dark solitude,
dialog: I imagined that I had absolute command of
dialog: those heights and all the lands below.
dialog: Only the trees on the hillside heard my cry:
dialog: HEIL HITLER! HEIL HITLER! Those private
dialog: moments stayed with me through the darkest
dialog: days.
text: Adolf stops painting, satisfied at first. But as he scrutinizes
text: the self-portrait, insecurity re-emerges.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: The tragedy of every charismatic leader is to
text: be imprisoned by his fate. His triumphs are
dialog: finite, his needs infinite.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 36 ADOLF'S HAND AUTOGRAPHS A POSTCARD PRINT OF THE PAINTING
speaker_heading: ADOLF (to the Typist, 0.S.)
dialog: The Fuhrer cult was the fulfillment of a
text: mysterious longing.
text: We realize he's autographing a large stack of the postcards made
text: from the painting of himself.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (0.S.)
dialog: Nazism and Christianity are based on the same
dialog: idea that one individual could provide
text: salvation. A simple man from a small
dialog: cottage...
text: IN THE CELL, another photograph is autographed.
dialog: ...could work a miracle of enlightenment and
text: faith in a world of skepticism and despair.
text: ON THE SCREEN: night rallies build to mystical ritual, torches
text: and giant red Nazi flags, storm troopers marching. Tribal,
text: animalistic, CHANTING.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (in cell to Typist)
dialog: My need to control fulfilled others' need to
dialog: be controlled. That was my euphoric
dialog: discovery. The union of my urges and the
dialog: German people's desires.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.28
dialog: If you unite a powerful people whose first
dialog: duty is obedience, you can do anything.
dialog: (stops and thinks)
dialog: God I loved order.
text: Then daylight, and shots about the individual becoming part of a
text: larger cause, merging into the crowd. Then SIEG HEILS.
scene_heading: 37 CELL-SCREEN: YOUNG WOMEN IN WHITE DANCE IN A FIELD
speaker_heading: ADOLF (to himself)
dialog: Every woman a potential source of soothing,
dialog: warmth, love. Every man, a rival.
text: Adolf walks into the shot, his back to us, silhouetted.
text: Approaching the women.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (pre-lapped)
dialog: "The most German of Beings."
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: 38 ADOLF'S CHIN LEANS ON THE HILT OF A MEDIEVAL SWORD
text: Adolf lifts his head, puts the sword down.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: (continuing, 0.S. at first)
dialog: ".,..I am the German spirit. Consider the
dialog: incomparable magic of my works."
text: We notice Freud. Hitler's back is to him.
speaker_heading: FREUD
dialog: Did you write that?
text: Adolf lifts a medieval book that lies open near him.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: ".,.the incomparable magic of my works."
dialog: (turns to Freud)
dialog: It's Wagner.
text: He closes the ancient book, stands and recites from memory.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (cont'd)
dialog: "Man is a beast of prey, developing through
text: constant progress. The beast conquers, founds
text: great realms by the subjugation of other
dialog: subjugators, forms states and organizes
text: civilizations, in order to enjoy his booty in
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.29
dialog: peace... Attack and defense, suffering and
dialog: struggle, domination and servitude, all
dialog: sealed with blood...."
speaker_heading: FREUD
dialog: Are those Wagner's words?
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: We are both illusionists and showmen.... I
dialog: made my life so different, so vibrant, so
dialog: extreme... This is how I have accumulated
text: power. I wrapped blood and iron in a cloud of
dialog: mystic communion with the German 'Volk.'
text: (he extends the book, shaking it)
dialog: Whoever wants to understand Hitler must first
dialog: know Wagner.
text: He drops the book for emphasis, notices that Freud is scribbling
text: on his analyst's pad. Frustrated, Adolf suddenly jumps up grabs
text: the pad from Freud's hand.
text: He crosses to the wood stove, opens the door, tosses it into hot
text: embers. The pad FLAMES up.
speaker_heading: ON FREUD
text: As Adolf approaches, defiant, hands him a new pad.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Here. Write this: Fire fascinates Hitler. It
text: consumes without accepting or rejecting.
text: He stares at Freud, daring him to analyze it and write.
scene_heading: 39 OVER BLACK: FAINT, DISTANT SCREAMS.
text: SERIES OF SHOTS DISSOLVE THROUGH: Black and white images of
text: abstract body forms that begin to evoke death. Hitler's image in
text: a warped mirror: grotesque. Ominous images of huge gears
text: grinding together, dragging stills from "Triumph of the Will"
text: into the machinery.
speaker_heading: FADE TO BLACK
scene_heading: 40 A MIRROR - ADOLF EXAMINING HIS TEETH
text: He pulls his lip down, examines his front teeth. He rubs them
text: with his finger as if trying to scrub something off.
scene_heading: 42 ON THE CELL SCREEN - HITLER RIDING IN A CAR
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.30
text: CELL SCREEN: Hitler riding in parades, past Hitler Youth,
text: hysterical women. (We HEAR Adolf and Goebbels OFF SCREEN).
speaker_heading: ADOLF (V.0.)
dialog: Goebbels, did you write this speech?
speaker_heading: GOEBBELS (V.O. )
dialog: Mmmm...
speaker_heading: ADOLF (V.0.)
dialog: "To be allowed to be Adolf Hitler's mason,
dialog: carpenter and lowliest day laborer is a gift
dialog: of heaven."
speaker_heading: GOEBBELS (V.O. )
dialog: I always avoided exaggeration.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (V.0.)
dialog: Ah, listen... From one of your speeches: "In
dialog: the personality of Hitler, a million-fold
dialog: longing of the German people has become
dialog: reality..." What a thrill to play
dialog: Fuhrer. For twelve years, the supreme father
dialog: figure.
speaker_heading: GOEBBELS (V.O. )
dialog: A role to surpass even Lohengrin.
text: By the end of the montage, Hitler's image is enlarged to the
text: point of extreme graininess, and slowed to almost a freeze.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 41 TWO BLONDE CHILDREN ARE TRANSFIXED BY SOMETHING OFF
speaker_heading: SCREEN
speaker_heading: ADOLF (0.S.)
dialog: Read the last sentence back to me.
speaker_heading: TYPIST (0.S.)
dialog: "We made the sound so overwhelming, the
dialog: attitude so certain, the level of force so
text: high, the spectacle so grand, that no one
dialog: could see anything at the center but the
dialog: symbolism."
text: REVEAL: A third child, his head, nose, etc., being measured by
text: adult hands, using scientific calipers.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (0.S.)
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.31
dialog: Yes, good. The symbolism at the center...
text: TILT TO DISCOVER: Adolf is the adult doing the measuring.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Like the sun. No one could look at me
dialog: without the pain and punishment of blindness.
dialog: Number two: The receptivity of the masses is
text: unlimited, yet their understanding is feeble.
text: They quickly forget.
text: Three: The masses tell each other small lies.
dialog: It would never come into their heads to
dialog: construct colossal tales. Thus the bold myths
dialog: work best.
dialog: Four: Effective propaganda must be confined
dialog: to stereotypes. Always focus
dialog: people's attention on a single foe. To have
text: multiple enemies confuses people.
dialog: My genius was the combining of two enemies --
dialog: Jews and Marxism -- into one:
dialog: Jewish Marxism. A synthesis that was key to
dialog: my success.
dialog: Weave this in: Crude simplifications,
dialog: endlessly repeated will influence the supple
dialog: -- Goebbels' realm. For the non-supple, the
dialog: stubborn, terror is necessary -- Himmler's
dialog: responsibility.
text: The typist glances up at mention of the SS leader.
scene_heading: 43 A GIRL-CHILD'S HAND REACHES FOR ADOLF'S
text: The BAVARIAN GIRL is six years old, blonde, dressed in folk-
text: Bavarian clothing. On the other side of Adolf is a nine-year-old
text: BAVARIAN BOY. He leads them by the hand away from us.
text: The view is diffused, dreamy. The sounds of an off-screen PARADE
text: drown out the children's voices.
text: Adolf lifts the little girl to see Germania, the model city.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: This was to be built for you.
text: She reacts. The nine-year old plays with toy soldiers from the
text: checkpoint gates.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.32
text: The children run off. We follow them until they exit frame.
text: We PUSH slowly toward the wall to discover reddish water seeping
text: in at the floor-wall seam, then up along the wall's surface past
text: a vague outline of human ribs just below the plaster of the wall,
text: past a wall-painting of a half-man, half beast (inspired by Von
text: Stuck), then further along the wall...
speaker_heading: ARRIVE AT:
scene_heading: 44 THE CELL SCREEN
text: BLONDE CHILDREN, AT PLAY AND AT WORK, LOYAL TO THE PARTY.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (watching)
dialog: We bred blondes.
text: ADOLF.... leans near the opening in the wall, watching. The
text: sight of the children seems painful to him.
text: We watch through Adolf's eyes: more images of the innocent young
text: Germans, the future. Sadness wells up in him.
text: The newsreel footage ends.
text: The light reflecting back on Adolf flickers dimly, then goes out,
text: leaving him only in the bluish light from the opening in the
text: wall. He moves closer to it, seems to address someone on the
text: other side of the wall, conspiratorially.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: What will they think of us?....
dialog: History... those who study our lives? Will we
dialog: be judged by what we say, by our deeds, by
dialog: the monuments and images we leave behind...?
dialog: (pauses to think)
dialog: ...0r something else? Something we can't
dialog: control?
dialog: This is an unsettling thought: Not to be in control.
text: The JAILER appears, his stick rattling along the surface of the
text: cell, past the opening in the wall, whose light has suddenly
text: extinguished. Adolf is now across the room.
text: CLOSE ON THE JAILER: His face, oblong, fills the frame.
scene_heading: MATCH DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.33
scene_heading: 45 NEGATIVE IMAGE OF A LARGE REEL OF FILM
text: Turning on the projector's front spindle.
text: DISSOLVE TO the positive-image version of the shot.
scene_heading: ON THE CELL-SCREEN
text: Crowds at a rally, people waving, reaching, crying...
text: Then Hitler (Feb 10, 1933) looking awkward before a speech.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (0.S.)
dialog: It would never occur to people that I am shy.
text: He continues to wait awkwardly before speaking. But then more
text: adoring crowds, which fuel him as a speaker. Back and forth
text: between crowds encouraging him, to bigger and bigger moments as a
text: speaker -- the crowds pushing the man instead of the other way
dialog: around.
text: Later in the same (or another) speech, his arm is out, his
text: fingers are shaking. The CAMERA suddenly jumps from his face down
text: his arm to his two shaking fingers. Huge ROARS of crowds.
text: Adolf beams, prideful. Then deflates for a moment. Reflects.
text: It's never enough. It doesn't satisfy his boundless hunger.
text: FLASH CUT TO: Adolf's hand, his sleeve rolled up, his fist
text: clenching and unclenching. The nurse's hands bring the
text: hypodermic needle close to a vein (to inject a drug).
text: WAGNERIAN CHORUSES -- singing his praises -- accompany the images
text: on the cell-screen.
speaker_heading: ON ADOLF
text: Light from the screen, from the admiration of the crowds, bathes
text: his face. Adolf walks into the beam, lifts his arms, closes his
text: eyes, turns his body slowly in the warmth.
text: Adolf sits into his chair, still vaguely unsatisfied.
text: A woman's hand slides into frame, caresses his cheek, shoulder,
text: neck... EVA. His hand touches her, warmly, acknowledging.
dialog: (Read: "Keep touching me. Be here for me.")
text: From the crowds on the screen. Great CHEERS.
speaker_heading: EVA (0.S.)
dialog: They adored you.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.34
text: They were stupefied by the Fuhrer cult.
text: ON THE CELL-SCREEN: The crowds are now hysterical in their
text: efforts to pay homage to Hitler. Men cheer, salute. Women cry,
text: throw flowers, reach out to him.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: So hungry for me... as if I could fill their
dialog: emptiness...
text: But his own emptiness is vast. Still trying to sate himself, he
text: repeats the footage without the sound, and in slow motion.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: By feeding them hope, you stimulated their
dialog: craving.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: (trying to go with it)
dialog: Yes... The desire to be the desired object.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: For women, you were the ideal lover.
dialog: The perfect father.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
text: Fleeting. The thrill quickly loses its
dialog: impact.
dialog: (turns to Eva)
dialog: You were the one thing... that brought me
dialog: peace.
text: IN THE CELL, Adolf gestures for her to kneel beside him.
text: He gestures for her to let her hair down. She picks up a mirror.
text: ON THE CELL-SCREEN: Eva at her most playful.
text: IN THE CELL, Adolf glances at her. We see that the mirror she's
text: using has two sides (one is a magnifying mirror). He's distracted
text: by his own reflection, slightly magnified, covering most of her
dialog: face.
text: PUSH IN to the mirror, with part of Eva visible behind it.
text: LAUGHTER comes up on the sound track.
text: DISSOLVE TO: reflections of Eva and Adolf in warped carnival
text: mirrors. Huge elongated head, tiny dwarf-like body. Then long,
text: long skinny body. Then tiny head. Back and forth.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.35
text: The laughter builds to a point. They get caught up. But then
text: the voices and laughter begin to distort, the mood changes. The
text: faces become less funny, more grotesque, revolting.
text: DISSOLVE BACK TO: Adolf's reflection in Eva's mirror.
text: Upset by the fantasy, Adolf pushes the mirror away.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: I told you to destroy that footage...
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: What footage?
text: She looks up at the screen.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: What's wrong?
text: Exasperated, Adolf strides to the projector, rewinds it, then
text: runs it backwards in slow motion. Eva reacts.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: I took care of most of it.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Look!
dialog: (points at the screen)
dialog: You don't understand!
text: At the projector, he winds off the offending footage, finds where
text: it begins and ends by holding it up to the light, then tears it
text: out. He rolls up this piece of embarrassing footage, puts it in
text: the front pocket of his pants.
text: He splices the film on the reels, sits back down, and re-watches
text: the section, now edited.
text: The sequence is followed by shots of Hitler in the home movies
text: looking exalted.
text: IN THE CELL: Close on Eva, head down, eyes looking up to the
text: screen. Adolf's hand enters the frame, pets Eva's hair. He's
dialog: forgiven her.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 46 EVA AND ADOLF IN BED
text: Adolf is still wearing his uniform. Eva lies on her back,
text: listening to him. He absentmindedly pets her hair.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.36
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: What I hated most about the war was fighting
dialog: the English. The fair Brits, our racial
dialog: brothers, our natural allies. Saxons.
dialog: Anglos. The very word means angels, doesn't
dialog: it?
text: ON THE CELL SCREEN, in the background: Stonehenge. From both the
text: air, and from low on the ground.
speaker_heading: EVA
text: It's a tranquil image. All the Germanic
dialog: peoples coming together.
text: IN THE CELL: Eva touches his face, stroking his arms. Adolf
text: doesn't pay attention.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: The traitor Churchill never told his
dialog: countrymen that I offered an alliance, a
dialog: union of racial brothers, and protection of
dialog: the British Empire.
text: She unbuttons his uniform shirt, puts her hand inside his shirt.
text: She slowly gains his attention.
text: Adolf pulls the blouse off her shoulder, strokes her white skin,
text: explores the surfaces and creases of her skin.
text: His hand pushes her blouse further down, revealing her lace-
text: covered breast. He is aroused, but seems awkward, incapable of
dialog: closing the distance... To connect deeply, meaningfully.
text: The compositions of her body become formal, isolated, fragmented.
text: The MUSIC changes from melodic to odd.
speaker_heading: HER BLONDE HAIR
text: He pulls her hair towards his cheek, rubs his own skin with it.
text: He lays it over his other hand, studies it against his skin...
text: He becomes narcissistically and obsessively absorbed in the
text: relationship of blondeness to his hand.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Wolfie...
text: PUSH IN CLOSE ON ADOLF'S FACE. He registers no awareness of her
text: call. His expression is vacuous, detached.
text: He turns away from Eva, away from us.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.37
dialog: EVA (soft, far away)
dialog: Wolfie?
text: ON ADOLF'S FACE. As her hand slips off and away, we drift around
text: to profile. He gazes off at:
text: 47 A YOUNG BLONDE WOMAN IN A WHITE LIMBO SPACE, HER BACK TO US
text: She's wearing a white summer dress and a summer bonnet.
text: Her long hair is in braids that fall down her back.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
text: on the edge of the bed moves upward through the frame.
text: We DOLLY with him as he walks toward the young woman,
text: anticipation on his face.
text: We move with him as he circles her, revealing that beyond her
dialog: there are one... two... ten more BLONDE YOUNG WOMEN, similarly
text: dressed, waiting. Each woman stands in a different subtle pose,
text: innocent, yet alluring and sensual. Robust.
text: CELL-SCREEN: Barely noticeable in the background, are
text: abstractions of men goose-stepping, standing at attention (all
text: the images are extremely masculine).
text: IN THE CELL: Very CLOSE on Adolf as he weaves through the women.
text: He brushes against them purposely, also unavoidably. We lose
text: track of which woman he is touching; they are interchangeable.
text: THE MOOD OF THE SCENE CHANGES
text: ADOLF'S FACE becomes alive with arousal, but also distraction, as
text: he seems to be looking ahead, past each woman he encounters.
dialog: Hungry. Insatiable. He would like to have them all, but can't
dialog: connect with even one of them.
text: The young women suddenly seem older, more mature, "less
text: innocent". Their faces are made up. The necklines of their
text: dresses, which now are satiny like evening gowns, have plunged to
text: reveal more skin. Braided hair is replaced with evening
text: coiffures. Long white gloves, white high-heeled shoes, and white
text: hats with thin white veils attached. Their faces are also more
text: pale, more tired, empty, less full of life.
text: We reveal that Adolf is now shirtless. His aged skin is pale and
text: loose, splotched with graying hair.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (commands)
text: Closer.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.38
text: They respond, close in around him.
text: HIGH ANGLE (OVERHEAD): He closes his eyes, and forces himself
text: through them like a cell among other cells on a two-dimensional
dialog: slide.
text: CLOSE ANGLES of his body parts rubbing against their body parts.
text: We DISSOLVE THROUGH CLOSE SHOTS emphasizing contact... hips
text: brush hips... arms against breasts... He touches the skin behind
dialog: their knees... the curve between the hips and the waist... the
dialog: shoulder/collarbone... the space between the breasts... the curve
text: between the back and the buttocks.
text: His boots step on their shiny pumps, his legs are in a forest of
text: long white feminine legs. Partly titillating, partly
text: overwhelming. His hands move through their lush blonde hair.
text: Their hands drift toward the center... touching Adolf's face and
dialog: body.
text: TIGHT ON ADOLF: He's surrounded by blondeness, womanness. The
text: women seem to become lifeless, empty, sterile. One is wearing a
text: white half-mask. Adolf turns, and sees:
scene_heading: 48 A PALE BLONDE WOMAN
text: Floating under water in an aquarium, a white diaphanous gown
text: swirling around her. Her blonde hair floats in the water.
text: She looks towards Adolf, beckoning.
text: ADOLF is all alone in the space, now. He takes a step towards the
text: woman in the aquarium. The frame WHITES OUT.
scene_heading: 49 FADE IN: A HAND HELD MIRROR
text: Reflects short blond hair. We follow with the mirror as it moves
text: around the head. We see hair, forehead, blond eyebrows.
text: A hand presses the fake blond eyebrows into better position.
text: The mirror extends out to reveal Adolf. His mustache is also
text: blond. His face has become more pale.
text: He adjusts the blond wig, cut as his own hair. He pushes his
text: hands through it in his characteristic way, pressing it into
text: place. The effect is odd, surreal.
text: He turns to appreciate the full effect in the large mirror a few
text: feet away. Then tries some of the gestures we saw him rehearse
dialog: earlier.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.39
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: ...think of Volk and Reich, our great
dialog: nation...
text: He studies himself. Ponders the implications.
text: 50 WHITE DISSOLVES TO GRAINS OF SAND
text: SERIES OF SHOTS: In negative, a woman's hair is pulled up through
dialog: the sand.
text: An, ODD-LOOKING MAN looks up and smiles. Chunks of plaster
text: falling through the light from the opening in the wall. Red
text: liquid puddles on a floor, among bits of broken glass.
text: 51 ADOLF LIFTS UP A STONE FROM A LEDGE, NEAR THE OPENING
text: (Note: He's no longer blond.) In the hole beneath the stone is
text: an old metal box (like a WWI ammo box) labeled with runic
text: letters. He pulls it up and carries it to the steps near the
text: opening, sits and opens the box. Adolf glances sideways,
text: nervously reaches into his pocket and pulls out the rolled-up
text: film segment of his "jig" and drops it in the box.
text: He again glances around to be sure he's alone, then sifts through
text: objects in the box.
text: He re-discovers old family photos, negatives, occultish objects,
text: and a few more rolled up pieces of film. He finds a piece of
text: paper, begins to unfold it.
text: ON THE PAPER: It's a receipt from "The Feingold Gallery" - with
text: Hitler's name on it. He speaks as if to the opening (not to the
dialog: Typist).
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: (much of it off screen)
dialog: When I was homeless during a cold Vienna
dialog: winter, a Jewish art merchant gave me an
dialog: overcoat. I even had a Jewish friend at the
dialog: men's shelter with whom I spent many pleasant
dialog: afternoons....
dialog: Maybe there would have been an advantage in
dialog: not exterminating the Jews....
dialog: (pauses)
dialog: For a long time we considered a territorial
dialog: solution. We would put them in reservations
dialog: or ship them to Madagascar.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.40
dialog: In fact, we encouraged mass emigration.
dialog: Eichman's assignment in the 30's was to find
dialog: places to move them to, but few countries
dialog: would take more than a handful.
dialog: Someone even proposed a mass sterilization
dialog: plan.
text: He hesitates, then begins to re-fold the piece of paper.
dialog: ADOLF (shakes his head)
dialog: ....an ugly necessity.
scene_heading: 52 A PAGE TURNS QUICKLY
text: It's a photo album. A school class photo, out of focus.
text: A magnifying glass enters, enlarges the images, focussing onto:
text: Hitler at age ten, his arms crossed, posturing.
scene_heading: REVERSE ANGLE: ADOLF'S SEARCHING EYE
text: magnified by the thick glass. The eye probes.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (anxious)
dialog: Let's finish this section...
speaker_heading: TYPIST (reading)
dialog: "Enigma, carefully manipulated, enhances
dialog: one's power and fame."
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Make that power, fame and immortality. For
dialog: example, never will they discover written
dialog: authorization from me concerning the special
dialog: treatment of the Jews.
dialog: This simple missing link will intrigue
dialog: scholars for generations. Hitler
dialog: scholars.....
text: PUSH IN to the photo. To Hitler as a child.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Obfuscation keeps people guessing. The
dialog: little feints, the ambiguities,
dialog: contradictions... The surprises.....
dialog: Paragraph.
text: ON THE CELL SCREEN behind Hitler, enigmatic shots of Hitler,
text: especially from stills, and random, unrelated images.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.41
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: My first four years as head of the Nazi
dialog: party, I forbade photos to be taken of me.
dialog: There were things about myself that were best
dialog: kept out of the public eye.
dialog: To my surprise, the efforts to keep these
text: things hidden created a cloak of enigma.
dialog: People want to know. They talk. They were
dialog: kept on edge.
text: ANOTHER PAGE FLIPS: Again, the glass draws us to Hitler, age ten,
text: this time set off from the other children. A hurt
text: look on his face. PUSH IN closer and closer, all the way to THE
speaker_heading: GRAIN.
text: Through the magnifying glass, the big EYE GAZES... BLINKS
text: CLOSER on the child's face. Clearly troubled.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: We better ex out the last section.
speaker_heading: TYPIST
dialog: You mean starting with the line
dialog: "obfuscations".
text: Hitler gets up, walks over to the table near his bed. We see the
text: photo of him next to the photo of his mom.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: No, no... Starting with: "There were things
dialog: about me that I am not comfortable with..."
speaker_heading: TYPIST
dialog: With respect, Mein Fuhrer ... What would you
dialog: need to hide?
text: The Typist's tone is a bit more probing than we've heard from the
text: Typist, but Adolf's mind is on the photos.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: No sense stimulating interest in the vicious
dialog: lies about my family.
text: When we cut to his POV, the photo is now of him as a child. HOLD
text: on that, until his fingers begin to slide the photo out of the
text: frame. Behind it is revealed another photo (his father). Before
dialog: it can be totally revealed, we
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.42
scene_heading: QUICK DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: 53 ADOLF'S FACE - ENRAGED
speaker_heading: ADOLF (screaming)
dialog: GET OUT! GET OUT!
text: The angle jumps down his arm, to his hand, his two fingers
text: shaking (as before), pointing off screen.
text: HIS POV: The Jailer is just visible in the shadows.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: YOU'LL GET NOTHING FROM ME! NO MERCY. YOU
text: TELL THEM HITLER HAS ICE IN HIS VEINS! ICE!!
text: Adolf turns and KICKS the wood stove's door closed.
text: SPARKS fly up.
text: Adolf calmly turns to someone off screen. He whispers.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: I'm the greatest actor in Europe.
text: REVEAL: He's speaking to Goering, who's wearing another
text: outlandish uniform. Goering nods; he's heard it before.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: I'm the greatest actor in Europe.
text: When he's satisfied with the effect, he lets himself go "out of
dialog: character."
text: He strides over to the Typist, who's poised to resume typing.
text: 54 MOVE ACROSS ARYAN LOOKING SS SOLDIERS, GET TO HIMMLER
text: Goebbels steps up to the screen. When Himmler moves across the
text: screen, Goebbels limps in the cell with him, towards us. We dolly
text: back, keeping them both in a two shot. They stop, Goebbels turns,
text: looks off screen.
speaker_heading: GOEBBELS
dialog: Look at Himmler.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (0.S.)
dialog: You're no Clark Gable, yourself, Goebbels.
text: ON THE SCREEN: Himmler salutes to someone.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.43
text: IN THE CELL: Adolf absentmindedly salutes back.
text: ON THE SCREEN: The image slows artificially.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
text: Himmler looked like a weasel.
speaker_heading: GOEBBELS
dialog: Making our enemies look bad was often easier
dialog: than making us...
dialog: ADOLF (cuts him off)
text: The perfect Aryan Superman. A weak stomach in
dialog: the presence of violence.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Heinrich Himmler...
text: He shakes his head. Then walks over to the projector, freezes
text: the film on a close-up of Himmler.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Didn't anyone notice?
speaker_heading: GOEBBELS
dialog: He was ruthless, but not careless.
dialog: And Hitler-loyal. Who better to run
dialog: the SS?
text: Adolf shakes his head in astonishment.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Art must be plausible.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: If you wrote a script about Aryan superiority
dialog: and cast Himmler, people would laugh, walk
text: out of the theatre.
text: But in real life, Himmler runs an Aryan
dialog: superiority organization and it plays.
speaker_heading: GOEBBELS
dialog: On the political stage, you can do anything.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Let's put up another reel.
text: Adolf reaches for more film.
speaker_heading: GOEBBELS
text: Images to blur facts.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.44
text: He SNAPS the film gate shut. ON THE CELL-SCREEN: Film leader,
dialog: some sort of countdown sequence... three, two, one...
text: 55 ON THE CELL SCREEN: HITLER SLAPS HIS KNEE
speaker_heading: TRIUMPHANTLY
dialog: Just after invading France.
speaker_heading: IN THE CELL
text: Adolf flips through a stack of magazines. Stops at one.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: They made me man of the year.
speaker_heading: GOERING
dialog: What?
text: Adolf holds up the magazine (we only get a glance).
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Time Magazine. They made me man of the
dialog: year... I was on the cover of six issues.
dialog: (lays the stack on the table -- we
dialog: see him on the cover)
dialog: I conquered Poland, Norway, Denmark, France.
dialog: Americans love a winner. Of course it mean's
dialog: nothing. They made Roosevelt Man of the Year
dialog: three times.
speaker_heading: GOERING
dialog: And he was a cripple.
text: They both laugh out loud.
text: 56 TWO YOUNG BLONDE CHILDREN PLAY WITH BLOCKS
text: They're completely absorbed in their play, completely innocent.
text: After a few moments, they run to...
text: ADOLF, who lets them swarm over him.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (V.0.)
dialog: I dressed a nation in costumes and we played
dialog: cowboys and Indians. Anyone who takes all
dialog: this too seriously has no sense of the
dialog: absurd.
scene_heading: 57 HANDS TUG ON A BOOT ENTHUSIASTICALLY
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.45
text: We see that the other boot is already on (we stay on the boots
text: throughout the scene). The boots, which come up to just below the
text: knees, "stand" and begin to walk.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (0.S.)
dialog: Next section:
text: Off screen, we hear the Typist typing...
speaker_heading: ADOLF (0.S.)
dialog: Number one: Only a charismatic leader could
dialog: heal the wounds of the great war inflicted on
dialog: us by the November criminals.
dialog: Number two: Hitler's charisma was as much
dialog: created by the German masses as it was
dialog: imposed upon them.
dialog: Number three: In peacetime, stability and
text: routine undermine charisma. In war time, the
text: great threat is defeat.
text: We come up to a riding crop in his hands, which he flicks. He
text: exits frame. We hold for a beat on liquid that has seeped into
text: the cell through cracks where the wall joins the floor.
text: CUT BACK TO: THE BOOTS, PACING
speaker_heading: ADOLF (0.S.)
dialog: Number four: It was the failure of the will
dialog: of the German people that fatally undermined
dialog: my charisma.
dialog: Number five...
text: The boots hold still for a minute. He can't finish. He turns and
text: walks straight away from camera, off into blackness.
text: 58 ON ADOLF, HIS BACK TO US
text: He hears a woman laugh, turns toward us.
text: HIS POV: The mirror. His reflection only partly captured in it.
text: The WOMAN IN BLACK appears from behind the mirror, steps in front
text: of it, replacing Adolf's reflection.
text: His jaw tenses, eyes narrow.
text: She smiles, lifts the ceremonial dagger into frame, the grip end
text: toward Adolf, the blade in her palm. Another offering.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.46
text: This time, after a few moments of hesitation, Adolf slowly
text: reaches for it. As he does, he realizes he's reaching for a
text: reflection of the dagger. She moves the real one out of reach,
speaker_heading: and LAUGHS.
text: FLASHES OF LIGHT unnaturally white out her face.
scene_heading: 59 ON THE CELL SCREEN: THREE FLASH-EXPLOSIONS ON THE SCREEN
text: Anti-aircraft explosions against the night.
text: HOLD IN BLACK, then slowly fade up to:
text: 60 ADOLF ON THE FAR EDGE OF FRAME, GAZING INTO A MIRROR
text: We hear on the sound track the MUSICAL THEME associated with the
text: twelve blonde women. Adolf reacts.
text: A BLONDE WOMAN appears on the other side of our frame, walking
text: towards Adolf in the reflection. (as Eva did when she appeared
dialog: earlier).
text: As the woman approaches, she becomes brighter and brighter. She
text: begins to unclasp and unzip the front of her dress; she spreads
text: the top of the dress apart, revealing skin.
text: She passes Adolf, and stops between him and the mirror. They're
text: both facing the glass.
text: HIS POV: She continues to reveal skin, enticingly, but something
dialog: is very odd about her.
text: CLOSE ON ADOLF'S HAND: As Adolf reaches around to touch the
text: revealed skin, her hand embraces his.
text: He notices with alarm that the skin is hairy, masculine. (she is
dialog: a female impersonator)
text: FLASHES OF LIGHT (from the screen, off camera) white her out,
text: garishly.
text: CLOSE: the blonde. Adolf's suspicions are confirmed.
text: Adolf struggles to zip the dress up; the blonde resists. But he
text: succeeds in keeping her covered. Female.
scene_heading: 60A = SKIN AND WATER
text: Adolf scours his hands under the faucet at the sink. Adolf hears
text: DOGS BARKING, glances sideways.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.47
text: The Jailer watches suspiciously from the shadows.
scene_heading: 61 SLOW MOTION: TWO GLOVES SLAM ONTO A TABLE (BG: CELL SCREEN)
text: Dust flies, sound echoes. Adolf's hand enters our frame, picks up
text: one of the gloves.
text: SOUNDS: (in echo) German shepherds BARKING as they attack. People
text: YELLING and SCREAMING as they are rounded up.
text: Adolf begins to put on the glove.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: You take an ordinary man...
text: The Typist types. Very slowly, with great care, Adolf stretches
text: the glove over his hand. He reaches for the other.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: ...dress him in a uniform...
text: He squeezes both hands against each other. The camera follows as
text: he reaches for the riding crop on its hook.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (cont'd)
dialog: (off cell-screen)
dialog: ...and that man will commit acts he would
dialog: have never before imagined.
text: He slides the riding crop in his hand from the base to the tip.
text: Slaps it into his palm.
text: He puts on a formal military hat with a short brim that shadows
text: his eyes.
text: WIDER: Adolf assumes a pose of command, then glances over his
text: shoulder at the unseen typist.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: You can turn a runny-nosed, bed-wetter into a
dialog: ruthless warrior.
text: PUSH IN TO HIS FACE: He looks forward again, confident, a man of
text: steel, the ruthless warrior. But it's a pose that cannot be
text: sustained. FIRELIGHT flickers on the side of his face.
scene_heading: 62 ADOLF STANDS NEAR THE MIRROR, BEGUILED, TRANSFIXED
text: He breathes deeply to calm himself. He hitches up his belt,
text: reasserting his masculinity.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.48
text: The Woman in Black approaches from across the room.
text: Unnerved, Adolf SNAPS to a position of authority, CLICKING HIS
text: HEELS together, jerking his arm up and out. The camera starts
text: high, looking down on him, then slowly BOOMS down and circles
text: part way around, until he stands above us, statue-like, filling
text: the frame, his arm diagonal across the image.
text: The Woman continues her approach.
text: He SLAPS his thigh with his free hand, demanding her
text: obedience. She remains unimpressed, and walks under his
text: outstretched hand.
text: Now, his rigid arm disappears into darkness, three or four inches
text: from his shoulder (appears cut off, emasculated).
text: Adolf can't hold his arm up much longer. He sweats, straining
dialog: with effort.
text: Finally, he lowers his hand, clasps it with the other in front of
text: his crotch.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: 63 ON THE CELL SCREEN
text: We see Hitler in front of a huge crowd at an indoor arena.
text: He waits unusually long for the crowd to calm down.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (V.0.)
dialog: Enough talk, Freud....
dialog: Watch how I use my nervous energy to subdue
dialog: and control the crowd...
text: CELL SCREEN: Hitler nervously positions a table near the
dialog: microphone.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (V.0.)
dialog: Every thing I do here is entirely
dialog: calculated...
speaker_heading: FREUD (V.0.)
dialog: Mmmmmm... .
text: CELL SCREEN: He takes an unusual amount of time standing in front
text: of the crowd without speaking.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (V.0.)
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.49
text: The crowd is a hesitant female.
text: CELL SCREEN: He keeps the crowd waiting to build tension, gather
text: power over them.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (V.O.)
text: Their bodies and souls await penetration.
text: Something blocks the image.
text: 64 CUT TO: BRIGHT LIGHT, BLOCKED BY A HAND AND CLOTH
text: It's Adolf cleaning the front of the lens with a piece of lacy
text: cloth. The color from the images illuminates the cloth.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (0.S.)
dialog: Isn't desire the great motor of life?
text: We dolly back with Adolf, discover Freud sitting in the
text: foreground, watching the screen.
text: CELL SCREEN: Eva in home movies: in the water, at waterfalls,
text: doing exercises, gymnastics. Adolf paces back and forth across
dialog: the images.
speaker_heading: FREUD
dialog: Where does morality fit?
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Decay, diminishment, slander. The beginning
dialog: of the end.
speaker_heading: FREUD
dialog: Annihilation of self. So, for you, what
dialog: redeems life?
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: The purely artistic. Read Nietzsche.
speaker_heading: FREUD
dialog: But what of the spiritual dimension?
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: To be a creative artist, one inevitably walks
dialog: the spiritual path. In fact, they are the
dialog: same path.
speaker_heading: FREUD
dialog: Ah... good, good. But there is more to
dialog: understand, Adolf. So many died...
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.50
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Stop! Conscience is the Jewish invention.
dialog: For National Socialists, action follows
dialog: thought as quickly as thunder follows
dialog: lightning.
text: SERIES OF SHOTS: Hot coals, fire moving along a surface.
scene_heading: 65 AN L-SHAPED SLIVER OF LIGHT UNDER A DOOR (NIGHTMARE
speaker_heading: SPACE)
text: SOUNDS: A heavy man marching up stairs, out of view.
text: IN THE CELL, the sounds frighten Adolf.
text: NIGHTMARE: The heavy footsteps stop right outside the door. The
text: door slowly opens.
text: IN THE CELL: Adolf watches, tense with fear.
text: NIGHTMARE: Silhouetted in the doorway is a huge, puffy-faced,
text: barrel-chested man, wearing a civil servant's uniform from the
text: 1880's. Smoke rises from a pipe in his hand. The man steps toward
text: us, and towers over Adolf, threatening.
text: LOOKING DOWN AT ADOLF
text: Adolf cowers, anticipating a blow.
text: Close on the riding crop as it rises through the air. (in the
text: foreground: the swastika on Adolf's arm, so we know it's Adolf).
text: He raises this short whip.
text: It glides in slow motion through the air, SLAPS hard against the
text: outside of Adolf's thigh.
text: In negative, a burning apartment building crumbles. Heard in the
text: distance: THUNDEROUS CONCUSSIONS.
text: ON ADOLF: The fear has been denied, but it slowly overtakes him
text: again. The CAMERA DRIFTS UP, looking down on him. He's small,
text: cowering. HIS EYES WIDEN.
text: A CONCUSSION, low, deep THUD -- an enormous bomb EXPLODING far
dialog: away.
text: 66 A FLASH OF WHITE, FOLLOWED BY BLACKNESS
text: Over black, the sound of more BOMBS exploding.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.51
text: SERIES OF OTHER IMAGES: The twisted, red face of a man froma
text: painting by Otto Dix. A holder with eight test tubes full of
text: blood, light sparkling through them. Next to them, in their
text: Slots, eight more empty test tubes.
speaker_heading: 67 OMITTED
scene_heading: 68 THREE BLONDE CHILDREN INTERACT
text: With Adolf. He seems playful, spontaneous, kind.
text: Adolf watches them, inspired by them, moved.
text: He's dressed in his white Nazi uniform.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (V.O.)
dialog: In World War One, I was a messenger.
dialog: I never killed anyone.
text: There's a FLASH. The image "freezes" into a photograph: Hitler
text: posed with children. FADE TO BLACK. Fade up on Hitler moving
text: with the children again. The cycle repeats with each claim.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (V.O.)
dialog: I am a vegetarian. I never eat dead animals.
text: FLASH - FREEZE FRAME. Fade to black, then back to Adolf.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (V.0.)
dialog: I loathe big game hunters.
text: A gruesome blood bath.
text: FLASH - FREEZE FRAME. Fade to black, then back to Adolf.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (V.O.)
dialog: I would not allow smoking in my presence. We
dialog: outlawed tobacco advertising.
text: FLASH - FREEZE FRAME. Fade to black, then back to Adolf.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (V.0.)
dialog: The health of the body is of supreme
dialog: spiritual value.
text: FLASH - FREEZE FRAME. Fade to black, then back to Adolf.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (V.O.)
dialog: I insisted on the humane treatment of pets
dialog: and farm animals.
text: FLASH - FREEZE FRAME. Fade to black, then back to Adolf.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.52
speaker_heading: ADOLF (V.O.)
dialog: I even issued a decree regulating the cooking
dialog: of lobsters to minimize their suffering.
text: Fade to black, then back to Adolf. Adolf has again pumped
text: himself up with his affirmations.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (V.O.)
dialog: I reduced chemicals in fruits and vegetables.
dialog: The SS planted organic gardens.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: (this one on screen)
dialog: I am not a brutal man by nature.
scene_heading: FLASH - FREEZE FRAME
scene_heading: 69 FREUD, DEAD-STILL, FACING STRAIGHT AHEAD
text: Adolf appears behind Freud, hands him the photos from the kinder
text: photo session (above). He whispers, sinister.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Think of us National Socialists as gardeners.
dialog: We cultivated the flowers and plucked out the
dialog: weeds.
text: 70 THE SEVEN HITLER YOUTH SIT FOCUSED ON ADOLF AS HE
speaker_heading: SPEAKS
text: We see the boys first, in profile. We dolly to the girls, boom
text: down to the level of their hands.
text: ON THE SCREEN: Dynamic images from Triumph of the Will.
text: Adolf walks in front of the screen.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: We preferred the spoken to the written word.
dialog: More so, symbols to any kind of words. And
dialog: above all, pageantry, spectacle and music. We
dialog: wrapped all this in solemn ritual to create
text: vibrant and dynamic images.
text: The screen images transition to images that emphasize the black-
text: uniformed and black-helmeted SS.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: I mobilized an entire nation to create my
dialog: art. And while I love opera, and
dialog: architecture, my true passion is film.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.53
dialog: Rethink the Hitler Era in artistic terms.
dialog: People thought I choreographed the 1934
dialog: Nuremberg Rally to make the documentary
dialog: "Triumph of the Will". The critics lack the
dialog: imagination to see that I orchestrated world
dialog: War Two for the same reasons.
dialog: The invasion of countries. Mobilization of
dialog: millions of extras to create the most
text: magnificent and historic film footage.
text: Footage delivered nightly from the front by
dialog: courier for my personal review.
text: We MOVE along behind the children, watching Hitler address them.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: So my sons and daughters, take guidance from
dialog: the arts. To write a best seller, or stira
dialog: nation: Simplify.
dialog: Your hero must have no fears and your villain
dialog: no need for affection.
dialog: The fair maiden must be blonde, and the
dialog: villain must wear dark clothing and a
text: mustache.
text: Lost in the thought, Adolf walks in front of the girls.
text: He stops before one of the girls, picks up her hand, inspects it
text: for cleanliness, then puts it back down in her lap.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Life is ambiguous. None of us can stand
dialog: ambiguity. Me, most of all.
dialog: If you told the truth, both the teller and
dialog: the listener would go insane.
scene_heading: 71 ON THE CELL SCREEN - HITLER AT THE EIFFEL TOWER
text: We hear the TYPIST hurrying to keep up with something Adolf has
text: just said. He is poised mid-thought.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Stop...
dialog: (the Typists stops)
dialog: I must rethink this... If I'd stopped with
dialog: the conquest of France, I would have gone
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.54
dialog: down in history as the greatest conqueror
dialog: since Alexander the Great...
dialog: No, no, no... "The greatest military genius
dialog: in history".
dialog: Wait, what do you think... Well, no... Ah!
dialog: Here it is: "Greatest empire since Caesar."
dialog: That... That's it...: Let's make it "if I had
dialog: I stopped with the conquest of France, I
dialog: would have built the greatest sustained
dialog: empire since Caesar Augustus."
text: He turns to the CELL SCREEN behind him, watches the triumphant
dialog: ride through Berlin after taking France.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: What drives the great leader beyond his
dialog: destiny?
text: Weakened by the sense of loss, he has to lean on a table.
scene_heading: 72 FADE UP ON: BUILDINGS, NAZI ARCHITECTURE -
speaker_heading: TWILIGHT
text: It's GERMANIA. Much of it in shadows and reddish low sunlight.
text: We move across the town, as if in an aerial shot. The PARADE
text: sounds continue.
scene_heading: LONG DISSOLVE TO:
text: 72A NIGHT SHOTS OF BURNING BUILDING
scene_heading: THEN TO: AERIAL SHOT OF BOMBED-OUT GERMAN CITY
text: Miles and miles of gutted structures. Destruction. No life.
text: CLOSE ON THE TYPEWRITER'S KEYS
speaker_heading: ADOLF (0.S.)
dialog: The war would have never started...
text: CLOSE on Hitler's lips.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: ...if it wasn't for the Jews.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: And their puppet, Churchill.
text: CUT OUT TO A WIDER SHOT: Adolf takes a pose, bent over, using a
text: ceremonial sword as a walking stick, and speaks like Churchill.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.55
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: "We will fight them on the landing strips, we
dialog: will fight them on the beaches, we will fight
dialog: them wherever the enemy does engage us..."
scene_heading: 73 OMITTED (INCORPORATED INTO CONTINUOUS 72)
text: 74 ARCHETYPAL STALIN IMAGES ON THE SCREEN
text: Stalin prepares for a radio speech in his office.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (0.S.)
dialog: You little babushka... You were going to
dialog: invade me, but I invaded you first.
text: ANGLE: Adolf and Goebbels watch.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: An engineer of souls.
speaker_heading: GOEBBELS
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: He called himself an engineer of souls.
speaker_heading: GOEBBELS
dialog: Ridiculous concept.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: I wish I had said it.
text: Goebbels yawns slightly, suppresses it. Hitler can't help
text: yawning himself, only he yawns much wider.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: We must suppress yawning... And we must
dialog: eradicate the yawners.
text: Goebbels and Hitler share a mean smile. They continue studying
text: Stalin on the cell screen. After a few beats...
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: There, did you see that?
text: Adolf winds back, slows down the footage to show Stalin waving at
text: children marching by in Moscow.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
text: He looked directly into the camera lens.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.56
speaker_heading: GOEBBELS
dialog: Mmmm... A small error in the presentation.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: No, no. Trivialities often go unnoticed....
dialog: I find them to be the best clues to a man's
dialog: character.
speaker_heading: 75 OMITTED
text: 76 A STUDIO PORTRAIT OF HITLER IN HIS BROWN SHIRT UNIFORM
text: Hitler is posed looking directly into the lens. He is dull-
text: looking, lifeless. (start without mustache; then it fades in)
speaker_heading: ADOLF (0.S.)
text: In every society there are pent up hatreds.
dialog: For example, in the United States, it's
dialog: against the blacks. In Russia, the
dialog: successful.
dialog: A politician must mobilize these hatreds.
text: Adolf ties the ribbon around the stack of sleeved photos.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Reason must be trained to think in historical
dialog: dimensions.
scene_heading: 77 MOVE THROUGH BLACKNESS
text: We don't know we're moving until we find: ADOLF, lying
text: horizontal, seemingly floating in space. Thinking. We push up
dialog: to him slowly. When we're close...
speaker_heading: ADOLF (to himself)
dialog: The lie that Jesus was a Jew....
dialog: It's impossible.
text: As we float past him in the shadows, we see that he's pinching at
text: his skin below his ear, as if to crush something under the skin.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: 78 THE CELL WALL
text: Moisture seeps in through cracks where the wall meets the floor.
text: The liquid has a slight reddish tint to it.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.57
text: Dolly along the floor to discover a wooden mask, lying on the
text: floor. The mask is of Adolf's face, in a "silent scream".
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: 79 A LIGHT BEAM EMANATES FROM THE OPENING IN THE WALL
text: Adolf holds a photo negative of one of his portraits in the beam.
text: The negative casts odd patterns onto his face.
text: Adolf leans close to the opening.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Am I mad?
dialog: (waits for an answer)
dialog: Am I mad?
text: Adolf turns, looks almost into the lens.
scene_heading: VERY LONG DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: 80 OMITTED
text: 81 LOW ANGLE OF GRANDIOSE BUILDINGS IN THE MODEL OF A CITY
text: Our view scans the skyline, looking for the best composition.
dialog: This city is magnificent, splendid. The buildings are Albert
text: Speer's style: Classic forms gone extreme, tall columns, huge
text: domes. Enormous concrete icons: the swastika, the eagle.
text: We reveal that Adolf is looking through a small downward
text: periscope that allows him to see the skyline from the ground
text: level of his ideal city, Germania.
text: Finally, his view locks on a classic composition. Adolf is
text: pleased. But Goering's head dips into the frame, ruining the
dialog: composition.
text: Adolf angrily gestures for Goering to move. Adolf jams his eye
text: back against the eyepiece of the periscope.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: If I hadn't been called into politics,
dialog: I would have been the great German architect.
text: When he doesn't hear Goering respond, he looks up, glaring.
speaker_heading: GOERING
dialog: Yes, Fuhrer.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.58
text: Goering stares straight ahead. Adolf rises up, walks around him.
text: Goering's eyes dart nervously.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: My tombstone should bear the inscription: "He
dialog: was the victim of his generals."
text: The invincible Luftwafe commanded by the
dialog: great General Goering.... humiliated by the
text: British air force! A swarm of mosquitoes.
speaker_heading: GOERING
dialog: What about Dunkirk? Their army was cornered,
dialog: but you let them escape.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (SCOWLS)
dialog: You may look Nordic, but you lack Nordic
dialog: spirit.
text: Goering almost replies, but Adolf silences him with a stare.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: 82 OMITTED
speaker_heading: 83 END ON: ADOLF
text: ashen gray, standing with his arm out. He holds this salute for
text: an unnaturally long time.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
text: Two solid hours... Like granite. Goering
dialog: despises me for it. That I have this power,
dialog: also astonishes me.
text: We drift around him to see that he is standing at the mirror,
text: watching himself strain. A smirk of pridefulness.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Only twice in my life have I been afflicted
dialog: by weakness: at the death of my Mother, and
dialog: at the betrayal of my Motherland.
speaker_heading: FREUD (0.S.)
dialog: When I was growing up Germany was always
dialog: referred to as the fatherland.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Mmmmm. . .
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.59
text: Adolf's arm begins to quiver with fatigue. Sweat beads on his
text: forehead. The soft light is overpowered by a harsher light,
text: causing the wrinkles on Adolf's tired face to be more pronounced.
speaker_heading: FREUD
text: walks around Adolf, close to him. He stops at the end of
text: Adolf's quivering arm.
speaker_heading: FREUD
dialog: Is your will alone enough, Adolf?
text: Adolf concentrates on keeping his arm up. Freud is cool.
speaker_heading: FREUD
dialog: Is your desire for power rooted in a feeling
dialog: of powerlessness?
text: Adolf continues to strain. (All but a few inches of his arm are
text: cut off by shadows, again "emasculated.")
speaker_heading: FREUD
dialog: Perhaps one hears only the questions for
dialog: which one has answers.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: For us Pagan German Nationalists, knowledge
text: comes to the Volk from a higher power.
dialog: Knowledge through blood.
text: At the limit of endurance, Adolf notices his Nazi arm band
text: hanging near the mirror. He glances at Freud to see if he is
text: watching, then calmly lowers his arm, moves to the arm band and
text: puts it on. Adolf gives Freud an indifferent half-salute, palm
dialog: up.
text: ON THE CELL SCREEN: A photograph of Adolf as a child on his
text: mother's knee.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: (defensively)
dialog: When you assume absolute rule, a beast climbs
dialog: onto the throne with you.
text: CELL SCREEN: Dissolve to the father's image.
text: 84 A METAL AND GLASS SYRINGE. THE PLUNGER COMES OUT, BLOOD
speaker_heading: FLOWS
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.60
text: A nurse's finger enters frame. The needle is pulled out, replaced
text: with cotton. Adolf's finger presses on the cotton. He bends his
dialog: arm up.
text: LOW ANGLE ON ADOLF: with arm in foreground.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Hitler and German History...
text: ADOLF'S POV: The NURSE squirts the blood into a test tube. We
text: see her mostly from the back. (she's beautiful, Teutonic, one of
text: the eleven blondes, barely recognizable, with her hair ina
dialog: French twist).
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Every philosopher, politician, poet,
dialog: composer, general. Each will be
dialog: viewed in light of my legacy. They are
text: precursors; threads woven into the tapestry
dialog: of the Hitler Era.
dialog: People will be drawn to my doings, as toa
text: fiery, multi-car wreck on the Autobahn.
dialog: I stole German History.
text: The nurse hands him the test tube of blood. He dips his little
text: finger into the blood, then touches it to his tongue.
text: He corks the test tube, holds the blood up to the light from the
text: opening in the wall. The light refracts onto his face.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Here's an additional idea: I have stolen
dialog: Germany's future. For generations, all of
dialog: German history will be viewed through the
dialog: lens ground by the accomplishments of the Era
dialog: of Adolf Hitler.
text: The nurse puts a cotton ball on the hole in his arm, folds his
text: arm up for him. He writes on the test tube's label himself,
text: hands it back to her.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Losing the war would not steal my singular
dialog: place in history.
text: She puts the test tube into a wooden holder where eight other
text: test-tubes already are stored. There are now seven empty tubes in
dialog: their slots.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.61
text: Adolf is slumped in the chair, close to falling asleep.
text: 85 GLOWING EMBERS BEGIN TO TURN BLACK
text: SERIES OF OTHER IMAGES: Abstraction of a test-tube of blood just
text: as it shatters on the floor (in black and white).
text: A photo of a Hitler cave painting, projected onto smoke.
text: A detail image from Otto Dix's painting: "Sex Crimes."
scene_heading: 86 A SHEET OF ICE - VAGUE IMAGES MOVE BEYOND IT
text: A swastika is embossed on the ice's surface.
text: Suddenly, "Thor's Hammer" STRIKES the glass, fracturing but not
text: shattering it. The fractures fan out like veins.
text: The images are now even more distorted, fragmented.
text: FADE TO BLACK. Over black....
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: The Jew is always within us; we can never get
dialog: rid of him
scene_heading: 87 A GIANT SWASTIKA (B.G.: CELL SCREEN)
text: Hitler moves away, revealing that the swastika is on his arm. His
text: face is full of extreme bitterness. Seething.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Yes... I hated Vienna.
dialog: (he's pained to remember)
text: It was dark and cold. There was shit on the
dialog: street. Stray dogs...
speaker_heading: FREUD
dialog: And Germany?
text: Freud is sitting opposite.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
text: Young, blonde, alive. A fair maiden.
text: Austria was like an old, broken-down man.
text: An empire with no territories. Impotent, old
dialog: fool. All pretense and no substance. But
text: Germany... Bright, fresh, clean.
speaker_heading: FREUD
dialog: Impotent?
speaker_heading: ADOLF
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.62
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: FREUD
dialog: You said impotent.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: No, I did not.
speaker_heading: FREUD
dialog: Hmmm .
text: Adolf stands, casually walks over and picks up a letter from the
text: bushel basket of letters, fidgets with it.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Austria had its day; an illegitimate marriage
text: with Hungary. An empire rotten to the core.
dialog: Czechs, Croatians... Slavs. Only the mating
dialog: of Austria with Germany could save her.
text: On the cell screen behind him: Footage of Hitler youth girls
dialog: doing choreographed exercise.
speaker_heading: FREUD
dialog: You were born in Austria.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: (picks up photo of his mother)
dialog: But my mother, she was an angel.
text: A true German. Skin as white as fresh-fallen
dialog: snow.
text: See Adolf's face over hers, reflected on the frame.
speaker_heading: FREUD
dialog: And your father?
text: Adolf turns, looks at Freud. Freud strokes his mustache with his
text: thumb and forefinger, thoughtfully. Patient.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Why does the Oedipus complex provide deeper
dialog: insight into man's struggle than my racial
dialog: theories?
text: Freud does not respond.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.63
dialog: You call yourself a doctor, a scientist, but
dialog: what proof do you have of your theories?
speaker_heading: FREUD
dialog: Your confusion arises out of a common
dialog: misconception. Think of the Oedipus complex
dialog: as a metaphor, an allegory if you like, to
dialog: help explore our inner world.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: A tool to help people understand.
speaker_heading: FREUD
dialog: Yes. A technique to reveal deeper truths.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: To help people feel better about themselves.
text: Freud watches Adolf pace, anticipating what he's getting at.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: My ideology has helped the German people feel
dialog: better.
speaker_heading: FREUD (nods)
dialog: By dividing the world between good and bad...
dialog: Maybe this is where you strayed from your
dialog: spiritual path.
text: Adolf stands over Freud now.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: It is a law of nature. A man must put others
dialog: down to feel good about himself.
text: Freud is intimidated. Adolf smiles, walks away.
speaker_heading: FREUD
dialog: So you explain the world using the symbolism
dialog: of ethnic conflict.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Race is everything... Upon the ancient
dialog: foundation of race, I forged religion,
dialog: science, magic and politics into a single
dialog: world view. I gave them something to believe
dialog: in. Someone to blame.
speaker_heading: FREUD
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.64
dialog: Is it possible your enemy lies not without,
dialog: but within?
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: All you do is help people cope with the day-
dialog: to-day neurotic story line. You perpetuate a
dialog: bourgeois existence that offers no salvation.
speaker_heading: FREUD
dialog: The aim of my work is to help people escape
dialog: their inner prisons and to reach their --
dialog: ADOLF (cuts him off)
dialog: My mythology captured the people's
dialog: imagination. The visionary will to create
text: mankind anew. A chariot for
dialog: transcendence...
text: He notices Freud staring, shaking his head subtly.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Besides, the roots of National Socialism are
dialog: hidden in secret places. It's beyond your
dialog: grasp.
text: Freud's reaction is ambiguous. But Hitler interprets it as
text: defeat. Satisfied, he sits and crosses his arms.
scene_heading: 88 ADOLF'S HAND SKETCHES FACES ON PAPER
text: Behind him in the background, his self-portrait painting.
text: We realize that the dozen faces laid out on the paper are
text: categorized by race -- some Nordic, some clearly not.
text: One of the faces is a sketch of the Typist.
text: We hear TYPING, and CUT TO the Typist's fingers. They hurry to
dialog: record an earlier thought... then stop. We TILT UP to the Typist,
text: who seems frustrated with Adolf.
speaker_heading: TYPIST
dialog: I typed the words, but I don't understand
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: The German people were hopelessly fragmented
dialog: by wealth, class, education...
text: Adolf draws lines separating the faces on his sketch pads into
dialog: groups.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.65
speaker_heading: ADOLF (continuing)
dialog: ...country of origin, ancestry, nobility...
dialog: those kinds of issues.
text: He draws more lines, some intersecting. Then picks up a red pen
text: and begins to draw a red arc.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: By uniting the Germans on the basis of blood,
dialog: we eliminated these differences.
text: We follow his red pen around the page, then pull back to reveal
text: that the lines he's been drawing form a swastika, now inside a
text: red circle. The Typist begins to get the meaning.
speaker_heading: TYPIST
dialog: So if a man is from the lower middle class,
dialog: born outside Germany, lacking noble ancestry,
dialog: a high-school dropout perhaps... He would
dialog: hence forth feel included, not excluded?
text: Ignoring him, Adolf draws quick facial caricatures of non-Aryan
text: races outside the circle.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Exactly. To downplay the internal
dialog: differences, we focused on external
dialog: differences: Those of us with German blood
dialog: versus Jews, Slavs, Gypsies...
speaker_heading: TYPIST
dialog: What about what we did with the German
dialog: mentally ill, the retarded... their German
dialog: heritage?
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: And the homosexuals. We needed to eliminate
dialog: the malformed, purge our bloodline of
dialog: impurities.
dialog: (builds to a fever pitch)
dialog: National Socialism was not a political party,
dialog: but a sacred crusade against those inimicable
dialog: to the pure Nordic super-race - a holy duty
dialog: to all born with Germanic blood in their
dialog: veins.
text: The Typist struggles to understand.
speaker_heading: TYPIST
dialog: "Nordic Super Race..." The movement was
text: founded on the idea of an "Aryan" Super Race.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.66
dialog: After you secured power, you narrowed the
dialog: ideal. You forbade SS men from marrying
dialog: German women who weren't blonde. How was this
dialog: explained?
text: Adolf can't answer. He points insistently at the typewriter. The
text: Typist hesitates, then begins to type.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 89 CELL SCREEN: NORDIC LOOKING SOLDIERS IN STRIKING UNIFORMS
text: CUT TO: EXTREME CLOSE on GOERING'S MEDALS (closer than in scene
text: 55). A drop of clear liquid drips onto them.
text: TILT to reveal that Goering's uniform is damp around the collar
text: and further up to reveal Goering's face, another drop of
text: perspiration ready to fall. Tense, Goering follows someone off
dialog: screen.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (0.S.)
text: Uniforms arouse women.
text: ADOLF'S HANDS enter the shot, draping a ceremonial sash around
text: Goering's overly adorned chest. Goering watches -- steely,
text: masculine -- as he awaits his "torture."
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: First, women crave authority. And men who
dialog: will control them. Passivity is the central
dialog: female characteristic. It's nature's law.
text: The Typist sits poised to type, but he does not, until Adolf
text: turns and glares at him.
text: Adolf pulls a chair over to Goering, climbs on top of it and
text: bends down to place Goering's hat on his head.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: 90 A BARE SHOULDER, WITH A BLACK SLIP STRAP
text: Black satiny fabric begins to slide down over it.
text: DOLLY BACK to reveal the Woman in Black, in the process of
text: dressing herself. Her arms raised high, pulling on a black
text: evening dress. She is strikingly sexual.
text: There is only a glimpse of her breast from the side. We DOLLY
text: around her as she arches her back. We follow the satiny gown down
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.67
text: her body. Her stockings are seamed and she wears black high-
text: heeled pumps.
text: At the end of the shot, we reveal Adolf, sitting at a table,
text: small in the distance, her calf in the foreground.
text: CLOSE ON: ADOLF. He shifts in his seat, frequently glances
text: sideways in the direction of the woman.
text: HIS POV: The Woman in Black walks slowly towards him, holding the
text: tip of her dagger pressed against the flat of her palm.
text: Her expression is intimidating, superior. Adolf weakens.
text: She stops near the table, standing above him, the dagger flashing
text: in her hand.
text: Slowly, she reaches past him, picks something up, lifts it in her
text: fist. She pours something from her fist over the dagger's shiny
text: blade. It's blood.
text: Adolf sees the end of a test-tube protruding from below her fist.
text: He GASPS slightly.
scene_heading: CUT AHEAD TO:
text: The dagger, now clean, is held in Hitler's hand, with the woman's
text: hand around his, controlling it. She stands above him. She
text: guides his hand, gliding the dagger tip down her cheek, along her
text: neck, along her collarbone, down between her breasts....
text: ADOLF'S EXPRESSION becomes one of shame; submission.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: 90A STARS IN A NIGHT SKY
text: Pull back over the buildings of Germania in "moonlight", set
text: against the night backdrop.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (prelapped)
dialog: We strove for the most extreme
dialog: intensification of possibilities.
text: We hear BOOTS ON PAVEMENT, crowds CHANTING.
scene_heading: 91 CELL SCREEN: SS SOLDIERS GOOSE-STEP PAST CROWDS OF WOMEN.
text: Children in uniforms, standing at attention, in salute. Tanks,
text: trucks, artillery, in symmetrical arrangements.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.68
text: THE NAZIS AT NIGHT.
text: Torches march in the darkness, become choreographed ritual.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Disciplined spontaneity. We elevated passion
dialog: above reason.
text: IN THE CELL Adolf picks up pieces of broken mirror from a pile
text: on the table, lays them out in a mosaic pattern on a flat tray.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (0.S.)
dialog: We rescued the German people from their drab,
dialog: predictable lives. We gave them a sense of
text: heroic belonging. A vision of victorious
text: triumph over evil.
text: SOUNDS FROM THE CELL SCREEN: Barking dogs. Whistles blowing.
text: People running, shouting. The Typist types.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: A man will do anything so long as you take
text: him step by step. Break a shop window. Then
dialog: rough up a labor leader. Turn a neighborhood
text: into a ghetto. Shoot a man. Eliminate a
dialog: race.
text: The camera MOVES to an angle that puts Adolf's face in the
text: distorted reflection off the fragmented mosaic.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: If you asked a civilized people to do this
dialog: last step first, it would be impossible....
text: On the paper being typed onto. Adolf's hand reaches in, grabs
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Give me that.
text: (he yanks it from the typewriter,
dialog: wads it up)
dialog: Let's start over.
text: CLOSE ON THE WOOD STOVE: He tosses it in.
text: CLOSE: The WHITE NURSE'S FINGERS push the plunger of a syringe,
text: whose needle is inserted into his arm... The drug enters his
dialog: blood.
text: ON THE CELL SCREEN: Images of idyllic "Volk". The light, heroic
text: tone is reset.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.69
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Only as each order was followed with absolute
dialog: fidelity did I recognize the
speaker_heading: ADOLF (cont'd)
dialog: possibilities. My mind leapt ahead to the
dialog: most extreme, fantastic scenarios.
dialog: But my advice is to go slow. Each desire
dialog: fulfilled must be followed by a somewhat
text: larger request, a slightly greater brutality.
dialog: Let the momentum build. Men comply.
text: ON THE CELL SCREEN: The images take on a metallic texture.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: To my astonishment, I could experience the
dialog: sensation of absolute power.
dialog: The whole system functioned to obey my
text: commands. Each member of the armed forces
dialog: swore unconditional obedience to me. The
dialog: nation celebrated my birthday. Every German
dialog: schoolboy pledged:
dialog: "I swear to devote all my energies, all my
dialog: strength, to the savior of our country, Adolf
dialog: Hitler. I am willing and ready to give up my
dialog: life for him, so help me God. One Volk, one
dialog: Reich, one Fuhrer."
text: Dry, Adolf stops, drinks water, looks off. When he exits frame,
text: we see the Typist, sitting dutifully erect, typing.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: A mere flicker of my imagination could be
text: transformed into a giant deed. Sketch a
dialog: museum, it is built. Envision new living
text: space, a country is invaded. When a hatred
dialog: matures, this group or that group... is
dialog: eliminated.
dialog: For others, it becomes...
dialog: (mockingly)
dialog: "...My job is. I will complete this on
dialog: time. I will perform with excellence. I am in
dialog: charge of this. My aim in life is..."
dialog: (returning to normal voice)
dialog: ...no matter how harsh, extreme or murderous,
dialog: the resulting reality.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.70
text: CELL SCREEN: The images are oddly fragmented.
text: ADOLF stands near the projector. It's beam glances off the tray
text: of mirror fragments, then ricochets wildly toward the screen.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: One can write new commandments.
dialog: Thou shalt kill.
text: 92 A TORCH IS IN THE CELL
text: We move back as Adolf walks towards us with it, attaches it toa
text: flexible stand. It ROARS, its flame wildly animated. He adjusts
text: the position, for some off screen effect.
text: CUT TO: EIGHT CURVED LINES, FLOWING TO A CENTER
text: CLICK. The lines begin to rotate: It is a large fan. Adolf walks
text: past it.
text: We follow his feet to Eva, who is perched on a short pedestal,
text: draped in white cloth -- a classical Greek pose.
text: The camera lovingly explores her idealized form.
text: Adolf adjusts the folds of the material across her waist.
text: He hears WHISPERING from off screen. Adolf turns, sees the
text: silhouettes of two men - seemingly the Jailer and another man we
text: don't recognize - who sit in the shadows. He strains to hear
dialog: their words, but cannot.
text: At the Jailer's feet, Adolf notices the Jailer's club TAPPING on
text: the floor near his feet. The tip of the club is wrapped in barbed
text: wire, stained with blood. A GUARD DOG growls nearby.
text: CUT TO, EXTREMELY CLOSE: A brush dips into paint. It moves toward
text: the corner of a canvas, where we discover:
text: A GREEK GODDESS, in stone, positioned on a vast plain.
text: The face and body of the goddess are Eva's. Adolf stops, looks up
text: at Eva in the cell.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Hold still.
text: We PULL BACK and see that the Eva-inspired statue is only a
text: background detail in a larger painting, whose subject is Hitler.
text: A self-portrait.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.71
text: ADOLF fights to ignore the unintelligible whispering.
text: He busies himself painting, he turns back to Eva.
text: AGAIN, THE IMAGE FLASHES: The Swarthy Man's face descending
text: through space, his eyes focused downward.
text: IN THE CELL: Losing control, infuriated, Adolf approaches Eva,
text: blocking her torchlight, then whirls and KICKS the torch. SPARKS
text: AND EMBERS scatter across the frame.
text: 93 RED LIQUID CONGEALS ON THE CEILING... BEGINS TO DRIP
text: SERIES OF IMAGES: The puddle of red liquid settles after the
text: drip, revealing a hint of a dead, emaciated body underneath.
text: X-rays of distorted bones.
text: Fast-cut stills of racial types, non-Aryan, in German uniforms.
dialog: And obese men. (Goering)
text: 94 ADOLF'S FINGERS ADJUST THE KNOB ON A LARGE CALIPER
text: adjusting it to measure the size of his hand. He compares the
text: results to a life-size palm tracing of Frederick the Great ina
text: large book. (a print of Frederick's painted portrait is on the
text: facing page of the book).
speaker_heading: ADOLF (V.O.)
text: There is no essence beneath appearance. Only
text: a series of appearances, each arising out of
text: the one before and giving birth to the next.
text: Only a series of appearances, each arising
dialog: out of the one before and giving birth to the
dialog: next.
scene_heading: 95 PAGES IN ADOLF'S PHOTO ALBUM
text: Adolf glues archival photos onto pages of an extremely large
text: photo album. They're of nineteen-twenties Hitler, as speaker,
text: leader of a small party.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: The horrors of World War I... The turmoil of
dialog: the postwar years...
dialog: By the nineteen thirties, Germany was an
dialog: abused child.
dialog: From her wounds grew National Socialism. The
dialog: great healer... The great healer.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.72
text: SOUNDS: Speeches, crowds, radio addresses.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (0.S.)
dialog: I was thinking back...
text: We hear the Typist typing.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (0.S.)
dialog: I remember the first time I spoke publicly.
dialog: It was in 1920... Or was it 1919?
text: Adolf stops, frowns, then goes back to work on the photos.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: For the army, after the first world war. A
text: crowd of veterans. Disheartened, broken men
dialog: who had spent four agonizing years in the
text: trenches, only to return unappreciated....
dialog: Civilians could never know.
text: We get to photo of Hitler on a hill with an old soldier behind
text: him. Then to another of him watching a parade in Munich, with
text: old men next to him.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: (low, to the typist)
dialog: They were moved by my words, my fervor. I
dialog: could speak. I remember one young man in a
text: wheel chair, who had lost his legs... There
text: was an ecstasy in his face.
text: DISSOLVE through more of the early photos of the Nazi movement.
text: Among them are some with Hitler standing with hands folded over
dialog: crotch.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (0.S.)
dialog: I knew joy. I had the power to heal the sick.
text: ON ADOLF: He LAUNCHES into an angry, passionate speech, all off
text: screen. In giant contrast to his private self.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
text: With will of steel, the purified Volk, united
dialog: as one, will repel all its enemies for the
dialog: sake of peace! So god demands!
text: The Typist does not type the speech. Without transition, Adolf
text: resumes dictating to the Typist, who again types.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (off screen)
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.73
dialog: Dreams for the dispirited, an outlet for the
dialog: angry.
text: A page of the photo album, which has become even larger, holds a
text: photo of a Speer massive building. When the page turns, the
text: building comes crashing onto our view.
dialog: He
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: As with Wagner's music, the people could lose
dialog: themselves in the totality of my voice.
speaker_heading: FREUD
dialog: One must be cautious. All people want to be
dialog: Gods. Unfortunately, some don't recognize
dialog: the impossibility of it.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: You're wrong. All people have god within
dialog: them. Fortunately, most people don't
dialog: recognize this.
text: continues, examines a series of photographs of himself in
text: various speaking poses, taken by Hoffmann in a studio, with a
text: black back-drop.
dialog: Wwe
dialog: He
dialog: In
dialog: He
dialog: It
text: hear less and less of the Typist typing.
text: gets to a photo of himself at an awkward moment.
text: another photo, wearing a hat, he looks like an old man.
text: tries to peel one apart from the others, struggles with it.
text: rips. He CURSES. Stands up suddenly. His head and limbs JERK
text: and SPASM. His body is unnaturally rigid.
dialog: He
dialog: in
text: takes a breath, resumes dictating. When he paces, he crosses
text: front of an enormous image of himself on the cell screen.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Through the magic of my oratory and the
dialog: clarity of my ideas, I could turn my
dialog: daydreams into history, my private fantasies
dialog: into public policy.
dialog: If my will was strong, I could perform world
dialog: historic deeds.
text: ANGLE ON THE OPENING IN THE WALL
text: Adolf enters. Stands next to it.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.74
dialog: Do you follow?
text: He waits for an answer. But there is none.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Answer me.
text: His will cannot force an answer. The CAMERA FLOATS up and away
text: from him, drifts along the wall to reveal HUMAN BONES imbedded in
text: the wall, just visible.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
scene_heading: 96 THE PROJECTOR LAMP ARCS ON - A BRIGHT BEAM EMANATES
text: The film reels begin to turn. We MOVE down the beam, to see
text: Adolf on the other side of the beam.
scene_heading: ON THE CELL-SCREEN: Stalin.
text: IN THE CELL: ADOLF watches attentively, studying his nemesis.
text: He freezes the image, then imitates the expression frozen on the
dialog: cell-screen.
text: He walks toward the cell-screen, looks up towards it.
text: He whirls and shouts up into a corner of the cell, as if to
dialog: someone up there.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: We were each islands of strength and will,
text: surrounded by great mutton-herds of sheep-
dialog: like followers... We knew that liberty,
dialog: equality and democracy are the grandest
dialog: nonsense, that war is the most simple
dialog: affirmation of life.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But I do not admire him!
text: He squints into the darkness. HIS POV: We make out vague shadows
text: that seem almost like they're made by human shapes.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Envy? Stalin? Ha! A footnote! A footnote
dialog: if he's fortunate! I stole his place in
dialog: history.
text: Adolf steps into the projection beam, his shadow small in
text: relation to the overblown image of Stalin. He begins to walk
text: forward, his shadow growing over Stalin's face as he walks.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.75
text: We HEAR the Typist hit his carriage return, typing.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Stalin killed millions of his own people, but
dialog: he killed without grace. He ruled by fear. I
dialog: ruled by passion and ecstasy. Stalin had no
dialog: sense of form.
text: The projector beam shuts off; the cell-screen goes dark.
text: The room also goes dark.
text: SOUNDS FROM ACTION IN THE DARK: The projector grinds. Adolf
text: BASHES into something, apparently hurting himself. Lashes out!
text: Breaks something. Frustrated, he rants and raves.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (in darkness)
dialog: Yes, he got people's attention -- but with
text: force and random brutality. A barbarian of
dialog: genius. So what? He offered nothing to
dialog: hypnotize and transform his people. Where are
dialog: the unifying themes? What is the drama in
dialog: slaughtering well-to-do farmers?
text: CLICK. A lamp CLICKS on, illuminating: ADOLF'S FACE - CLOSE
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Stalin misunderstood the principles of opera.
scene_heading: 97 CELL SCREEN MONTAGE: OPERATIC ELEMENTS OF THE NAZI MOVEMENT
text: Edited to Wagner music: Night rallies, over-scaled eagles and
text: swastikas. Progressing to medieval battle footage.
speaker_heading: 98 OMITTED
scene_heading: 99 KLARA HITLER, IN THE PHOTOGRAPH NEAR ADOLF'S BED
text: After a few moments, Adolf's reflection off the frame's glass
text: becomes apparent.
text: He's in a state of anxiety from the previous scene. We PUSH in
dialog: to "their" eyes.
text: RED CLOTH flashes through the frame. It's a large Nazi flag.
text: Adolf has just thrown it over his shoulders, wrapping himself in
text: it. Wearing it almost like a cloak, he paces back and forth near
text: the opening in the wall, stopping once to kiss a corner of the
dialog: flag.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.76
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: According to the eternal laws of nature, the
dialog: soil belongs to those who conquer it.
dialog: We must purge our people of their softness
dialog: and sentimental philistinism.
text: The light through the opening diminishes almost undetectably by
text: the end of this monologue.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (cont'd)
dialog: On this point I am icily cold: All life is
dialog: paid for in blood.
text: I crush the skulls of my enemies.
dialog: I made the death winds blow.
text: He pulls the flag up over his head, making it into a hood.
text: The beam of light becomes narrower, dimmer. We dissolve into the
text: next scene so that it seems to come through the eye of:
speaker_heading: 100 A WOLF MASK
text: A hand reaches in, removes the mask, revealing the face of a
text: small blonde child (age 5 or 6). The hand is Adolf's.
text: Adolf hears someone arrive, looks up to see: GOEBBELS.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Ah, my Dwarf among giants.
text: He turns back to the children, four in all, ages 5-8.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Run along my golden Nordic nuggets.
text: They scamper away. Adolf's mood drops visibly as the uplifting
text: presence of children dissipates.
text: Goebbels stares at Adolf like he's mad.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (shrugs)
dialog: When your personal and political mythology is
dialog: threatened, you take steps to affirm it.
text: CAMERA DRIFTS to a chair that has "bars" in its back.
text: We look through the chair's back at Adolf.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.77
text: In the background on the cell screen are propaganda posters and
dialog: postcards.
text: Adolf moves to the wood stove. There's a file box there.
text: He casually begins to remove papers and photographs one at a time
text: from the files and feed them into the wood stove.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (0.S.)
dialog: "The Prophet," "The Fighter," "The Last Hope
dialog: of the Masses," "The Shining Symbol of the
dialog: German Will to Freedom..."
speaker_heading: GOEBBELS
dialog: With respect, Mein Fuhrer... You created the
dialog: Fuhrer role. You were the director. I only
dialog: helped stage it.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: My God, Joseph, it became a terrible burden.
text: Goebbels appeals to Adolf's ego with great skill.
text: But Adolf continues burning the items from the file box.
speaker_heading: GOEBBELS
dialog: Mein Fuhrer, future generations will pay
dialog: exorbitant sums for your paintings, your
dialog: letters, your pistol... To feel your
dialog: presence in them.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: I was a victim of Nazi propaganda.
dialog: The invincible Fuhrer...
text: Goebbels keeps beating the flattery drum.
speaker_heading: GOEBBELS
dialog: Historians will scrutinize your childhood,
dialog: examine your relationships, your dark
dialog: secrets.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: It warped my judgement.
speaker_heading: GOEBBELS
dialog: They will exaggerate your slightest scribbles
text: into profound, irrefutable, "clues"...
text: Adolf stops burning the contents of folders, looks down at them,
text: perhaps newly aware of their potential historic value.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.78
dialog: ...Perhaps.
text: Goebbels kneels down near him, begins sorting the papers and
text: photos that were about to be burnt, to preserve them.
speaker_heading: GOEBBELS
dialog: Some fool, probably a psychologist, will
dialog: explore the issue of your appearance to
dialog: understand your deeper reality, and believe
dialog: it to be a profound question.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: (finally falling for it)
dialog: The imbecile will not understand that
dialog: appearance versus reality is the central
dialog: question of all art. It will not be a unique
dialog: study. It will be cliched, mundane,
text: commonplace.
dialog: (thinks a beat)
dialog: The idiot.
speaker_heading: GOEBBELS
dialog: For a thousand years, in each generation,
dialog: there will be petty bourgeois cretins
dialog: with their academic degrees who will dedicate
dialog: their lives to understanding you.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: There's my thousand-year Reich.
text: Goebbels sees that he has Adolf going. Goebbels is sorting piles
text: of photos and notes. Making stacks for the PhD's.
speaker_heading: GOEBBELS
dialog: At universities around the world, there will
dialog: be courses: Hitler, Architecture and
dialog: Politics.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (NODS)
dialog: Hitler, Salvation and Human Evolution.
speaker_heading: GOEBBELS
dialog: Or... Hitler, Wagner and Voyeurism.
text: Adolf turns to the cell screen; again loses himself in the
text: images, becomes serious again.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.79
text: And artists too. Careers devoured, trying to
dialog: bridge the distance... striving for
dialog: comprehension....
text: Hitler likes this. Then smiles sadly to underplay it.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: We gave them all much to brood over, didn't
dialog: we, Goebbels?
text: He doesn't sound all that confident. The MUSIC is discordant.
text: Adolf's panic builds anew.
text: 101 A ROLLED UP X-RAY IS REMOVED FROM THE AMMO BOX
text: Adolf's hand unrolls the X-ray, reveals that it's of a human face
text: (his). He moves it around in front of a candle, which illuminates
text: it from behind, projecting the image onto him.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (0.S.)
dialog: Blood and race...the only true source of
dialog: artistic inspiration.
speaker_heading: ON ADOLF
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Art is a sacred mission that requires the
dialog: artist to be a fanatic.
text: ON THE X-RAY The candle behind it has been replaced by the
text: intense fire of the incinerator.
text: ON ADOLF The X-ray stencils the light from the fire into odd
text: shapes on his face.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: All unrest is creative.
text: DISSOLVE TO: (inserted stock footage) A German Bomber flies over
text: Berlin, dropping thousands of swastikas, which flutter down to
dialog: the cities below.
text: SOUNDS: Repeated whistles of bombs dropping, overlapped, without
dialog: "landing" or exploding.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: 102 OMITTED
scene_heading: 103 BOMBS EXPLODE AT NIGHT
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.80
text: SERIES OF IMAGES: A massive stone swastika is dynamited to dust.
text: A Freakish Man in an SS uniform leers. A warped mirror turns Eva
text: into a gargoyle.
speaker_heading: 104 MIST
text: Move through it to discover Adolf, lying in bed, his hands behind
text: his head, looking up at the ceiling. The White Nurse is barely
text: visible several feet away, shrouded in mist.
speaker_heading: NURSE'S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: And so the beautiful blonde maiden is falsely
text: accused and menaced by her lecherous
dialog: guardian, Frederick of Telramund...
text: DISSOLVE THROUGH: Images from German mythology. Knights. Wotan,
text: characters Adolf turns to for strength.
speaker_heading: NURSE'S VOICE (V.0O.)
text: ...TO her rescue comes the gallant, pure-
text: souled, silver armored knight Lohengrin,
dialog: bearing the redemptive power of the Holy
dialog: Grail...
speaker_heading: WHITE OUT
speaker_heading: ADOLF (prelapped)
dialog: The wise man understands what is true for all
dialog: men. That we are eternal. The soul and the
text: mind migrate just as the body returns to
dialog: nature.
scene_heading: 105 ON THE CELL SCREEN: A LITTLE GIRL, CIRCA 1919
speaker_heading: ADOLF
text: Thus life is eternally reborn from life.
text: We PULL BACK slightly to reveal Adolf in profile, close in the
text: foreground, lying on his back. His face is a "horizon" against
text: the cell screen images.
text: The CELL SCREEN images progress to strobing, dream-like footage
text: of the riots of 1919. Then to Hitler speaking at a rally in the
dialog: twenties.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Stop typing....
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.81
dialog: In a different era, the parts of me that were
dialog: compassionate and sensitive might have
dialog: developed. But in my era, there were forces
dialog: and attractions that led me to become the
dialog: founder and perfect leader of a new religion.
speaker_heading: TYPIST
dialog: A new religion... Is that why SS members
dialog: couldn't belong to any church?
text: Adolf gestures subtly in the affirmative, then quickly re-
text: composes himself back to his work mode.
text: His lips are still, but his secret thoughts continue; we hear
text: them, low and conspiratorial.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: (V.0.- internal)
dialog: I shall attain immortality even if the whole
text: German nation is obliterated in the process.
scene_heading: 106 CLOSE: THE NURSE'S SYRINGE
text: She pulls up the plunger. It sucks up blood from Adolf's veins.
text: ANGLE ON: ADOLF, in a suit, talking loud. He's annoyed at having
text: to explain something for the fiftieth time. In the background, on
text: the cell screen, huge, is Hitler giving a speech, step printed,
dialog: from his early days.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: World War One was lost because Germany was
text: stabbed in the back. The worst crime in
dialog: history was to surrender while Germany's
dialog: armies were still fighting on French soil.
dialog: Our factories were producing at record rates.
dialog: We were a strong nation.
speaker_heading: TYPIST (skeptical)
dialog: Was that one of the colossal tales we told
dialog: the masses? The Americans had entered the
dialog: war. Hadn't our armies begun to collapse?
speaker_heading: ADOLF (outraged)
dialog: We had the will to fight on. We could have
dialog: won... Thus the need to cleanse our nation.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.82
dialog: The Jews, Gypsies, the retarded. Germany
dialog: must be pure.
speaker_heading: TYPIST
dialog: With our purified Germanic nation, why did we
dialog: fare so poorly in World War Two?
text: Adolf can't answer. The screen behind him goes black.
speaker_heading: TYPIST
dialog: During the first World War, Germany was never
dialog: invaded. Yet by the end of the second, we
dialog: were overrun by foreign armies, our cities
text: and towns were bombed to rubble. Millions of
dialog: German women were raped by invading Russian
dialog: soldiers. Over five million Germans had been
dialog: killed.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: The German officer corps turned out to be a
text: pack of mutineers and cowards.
speaker_heading: TYPIST
dialog: But the officer corps was pure German blood.
text: Adolf glares, his anger building to irrational rage.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (yells)
dialog: If I hear the words -- "the most complete
dialog: and utter defilement of a nation" -- one more
dialog: time, I'll scream!
speaker_heading: TYPIST (contemplative)
dialog: Five and a half million Germans...
text: Adolf spins away from the Typist, turns toward us, starts walking
text: quickly. We dolly quickly back with him.
scene_heading: 107 LOW ANGLE, ADOLF WALKS FASTER AND FASTER
text: Now he's in his military outfit, leaning forward, walking as if
text: up a hill (shot with actor on a treadmill - close to his face)
text: He thrusts his arm out, two fingers jabbing forward, and SHOUTS
text: AT THE TOP OF HIS LUNGS.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: TROOP STRENGTH...!!!!? I don't give a DAMN
dialog: about TROOP STRENGTH!!! You are a general in
dialog: the army of the Third Reich.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.83
dialog: A German officer! An instrument of conquest!
dialog: Invincible! If you even mention retreat,
dialog: you're a coward... a traitor! A JEW!
speaker_heading: HIGH, WIDE ANGLE
text: from high over Adolf's shoulder. The cell is empty. There is no
text: one on the receiving end of his furious diatribe.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Retreat is not acceptable! Losses can never
dialog: be too high! Only success guarantees
dialog: vitality! I am a man who knows only one
dialog: thing:
text: CLOSE ON HITLER: Adolf's face goes extremely red.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
text: STRIKE! STRIKE! AND STRIKE AGAIN!
scene_heading: NEW ANGLE: ON HIS MOUTH, OFF ANGLE (spit spraying)
speaker_heading: ADOLF (cont'd)
dialog: This is a battle of will! A fight for
dialog: existence! A FIGHT TO THE DEATH!
text: He spews his last words at peak intensity, then coughs violently,
text: hacking up phlegm.
text: Then he is spent. He stops several paces away from the camera.
text: Panting, exhausted, dripping with sweat.
text: His right hand moves to his chest, rests there, claw-like, as if
text: he's in pain. But he seems to have escaped the voices of
dialog: accusation.
speaker_heading: TYPIST
dialog: I've always wondered... Late in the war you
dialog: issued an order to level every German
dialog: village, burn every church, destroy every
dialog: home in the face of the Russian invaders...
speaker_heading: ADOLF (gasping for air)
dialog: Standard military procedure. To deny the
dialog: Slavs the spoils and satisfaction of
dialog: conquest.
speaker_heading: TYPIST
dialog: Destroy every German home?
speaker_heading: ADOLF (last gasp)
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.84
dialog: Every defeated people must die to be reborn
text: and begin anew. When Albert Speer disobeyed
dialog: this order, he betrayed German history and
dialog: the German people.
speaker_heading: TYPIST
dialog: That would mean your final public policy for
dialog: Germany was national death.
text: Adolf's body goes completely limp.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 108 HITLER - MID-TIRADE (INSERTED STOCK FOOTAGE, SILENT)
dialog: In his mightiest speech voice:
speaker_heading: ADOLF (V.O.)
dialog: Never again will there be the stigma of
dialog: cross-fertilization. The mix of good
dialog: blood with bad. Never again! NEVER AGAIN!
text: His last line is thunderous.
scene_heading: 109 ADOLF - SITTING, STARING OFF INTO SPACE
text: Adolf is in deep despair, agony.
text: ON THE CELL SCREEN (seen in fragments only): Dark, obscure images
text: of unrecognizable machinery from the 1930's.
text: Adolf is sitting on the step-stool next to the projector, facing
text: mostly away from the cell screen.
text: We hear APPROACHING FOOTSTEPS. Eva appears on the other side of
text: the projector beam, veiled by the brightness projected on the
text: dust in the air.
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: Wolfie?
speaker_heading: ADOLF (not all right)
dialog: I'm all right, Eva... Go away...
speaker_heading: EVA
dialog: But Sweetie... Why are you...
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: It's... I... Artistic anxiety.
text: We see her back into the darkness.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.85
scene_heading: 110 ADOLF'S HANDS FRANTICALLY PULL FILM OFF A TAKE-UP REEL
text: We look through the spinning wheel at Adolf's face. He's eyes
text: madly scanning the images on the film for something specific.
text: INSERT: One of the images is a small white coffin.
text: ON THE FLOOR: The ribbon of film tangles in a pile.
text: DISSOLVE IN a feint image of Von Stuck's Medusa, with hair of
text: serpents, and then an equally feint image of Klara Hitler.
scene_heading: FINALLY, DISSOLVE TO:
text: 111 A MUD COVERED SNAKE WEAVES THROUGH THORNY BRAMBLES
text: We PULL BACK and RISE up, discovering more of the thicket, and
text: then a tiny white coffin on an adult-sized rack (cold mist
text: cascading onto it from above).
text: We look over the coffin to discover the face of a young boy,
text: whose eyes are unusually light, like Klara Hitler's.
text: This is YOUNG ADOLF, eight years old. His hair is greased back,
text: but a few sprigs have fallen forward. He wears a turn-of-the
text: century suit, with a flower in its lapel. He stares
text: straight ahead, sadness in his eyes.
text: We PULL BACK to see that he is standing in a graveyard (projected
text: backdrop) with the casket, all alone.
text: CLOSE: He raises his hand and flattens his hair, away from the
dialog: part in both directions (as the adult Hitler did).
text: ON THE CASKET: The snake crawls across the white surface, leaving
text: a filthy smear, then down toward Young Adolf's legs.
text: 111A THE JAILER WATCHES ADOLF FROM A DARKENED CORNER
text: MOVE DOWN and discover a large, black GERMAN SHEPHERD, growling,
text: but muzzled and leashed at the Jailer's side.
text: Adolf's hands move over photos of himself looking stern. 2Another
text: page turns: Another angry photo. Very similar.
text: Another photo... Another.
scene_heading: 112 SILHOUETTES OF HITLER YOUTH AGAINST THE CELL-SCREEN
text: They face away from us, toward the cell-screen. We TRACK along
text: behind them as if the camera is from Adolf's POV.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.86
text: He speaks conspiratorially, divulging delicate information.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Never forget what you're about to hear. Not
dialog: only was the Third Reich the most filmed
dialog: event in world history, it was also the most
text: carefully edited.
text: We reveal Adolf. He paces behind them, in their shadows.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: This is the magic..... In 1926, when walking
text: up to a podium for a speech, I stumbled.
dialog: This film footage I personally impounded.
text: ON THE CELL SCREEN: footage of Adolf at his public best.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: On unbearably hot days, when I would sweat,
dialog: the footage would not only be edited out, but
dialog: physically eradicated. Any error ina
dialog: speech, any miscue, had to be eliminated.
text: IN THE CELL, Adolf has stopped near the end of a row.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
text: What is preserved on film, remains in men's
text: minds. Flawless speeches. Unflappable will.
text: One hundred thousand cheering citizens.
text: Women in tears.
text: An unassailable Thor, thundering from the
dialog: tower.
text: This in contrast with the Adolf we're watching, who is "unedited"
text: rumpled, a little bit off... not perfect.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Future fuhrers must understand: no matter how
dialog: carefully you plan and execute your
dialog: production, and no matter how good your
dialog: people are, you cannot control a change in
dialog: lighting due to unexpected weather
dialog: conditions, or that a car stalls in a parade,
text: or a background person carelessly stares into
dialog: the camera. You can never get it exactly
dialog: right.
text: He lowers his voice, whispers to the closest boy.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.87
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: But with editing.... The Black magic... I
dialog: have edited the imagination of people not yet
dialog: born. The original footage, the original
dialog: reality, the truth.... is now lost to them
dialog: forever.
scene_heading: BLONDE ARYAN BOY
dialog: In a way, the out-takes, the flaws... These
dialog: were like the Jews.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: I never thought of it like that.
text: CUT TO: Autographed 8 1/2 x 11 photos of Hitler are handed to the
text: first girl in line. We DOLLY along as each girl takes one and
text: passes it down.
text: DISSOLVE TO: Four metal eagle/swastika flag-pole tops, passed
text: similarly down the row of boys. We dolly with them as they're
text: passed down, keeping them centered in our frame.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: 113. A "NEGATIVE" OF SHOT OF A GRAY RECTANGLE
text: Two men slowly become visible inside the rectangle. We realize
text: it's a window. But everything's still in negative.
text: DISSOLVE TO THE POSITIVE OF THE SAME SHOT
text: The two men are in a booth that sits in the middle of the cell.
text: They're under a single bluish overhead light: Adolf sits ina
text: chair, wearing his double-breasted suit. Near him, stands a tall
text: man, wearing the striped uniform of a concentration camp
text: prisoner. Adolf is talking to the man, but we can't hear -- the
text: booth is soundproof.
text: A silhouetted figure steps into the foreground of our frame,
text: watching these two men: Adolf. Watching himself with the tall
dialog: man.
text: Looking over Adolf's shoulder, we notice more about the tall man.
text: His cheeks are hollow and his wrists and neck are bony. His hair
text: is short. He is stooped over slightly at the waist.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
scene_heading: 114 CLOSE: HITLER - FRANTICALLY WASHING HIS HANDS
speaker_heading: ADOLF
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.88
dialog: I dealt with pain by causing pain.
dialog: (0.S., breathless)
dialog: No, no... Ex that out.
text: Adolf finishes washing, paces. His hand on his temple.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: It is a ridiculous notion.
dialog: (the Typist catches up)
dialog: That personal pain causes one man to injure
dialog: another...
dialog: SOUNDS: The concussive blows we previously associated with his
dialog: father terror.
text: 115 ADOLF STANDS IN A COLUMN OF LIGHT, DELIVERING TREATISE
text: He uses extreme, dramatic gestures, almost like "flexing" for
text: each statement. After each declaration, a STROBE flashes RED that
text: washes out the image, then a frozen image of the "pose" appears
text: in negative. As he starts to move again, we dissolve to the
text: "positive" image, until the next red flash.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (V.0.)
dialog: To protect Germany. An act of self defense.
text: FLASH to RED, fade in a FREEZE FRAME in NEGATIVE. Then as Adolf
text: moves again, dissolve back to positive.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (V.0.)
dialog: To punish the German nation for undermining
dialog: my charisma.
text: FLASH to RED, fade in a FREEZE FRAME in NEGATIVE. Then as Adolf
text: moves again, dissolve back to positive.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (V.0.)
dialog: To guarantee my singular place in history.
text: FLASH to RED, fade in a FREEZE FRAME in NEGATIVE. Then as Adolf
text: moves again, dissolve back to positive.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (V.0.)
dialog: To take their breath away... The broad-
text: sweeping historical gesture.
text: FLASH to RED, fade in a FREEZE FRAME in NEGATIVE. Then as Adolf
text: moves again, dissolve back to positive.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (V.0.)
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.89
dialog: As the dream of conquest faded, the SS needed
dialog: a new mission to sustain vitality.
text: FLASH to RED, fade in a FREEZE FRAME in NEGATIVE. Then as Adolf
text: moves again, dissolve back to positive.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (V.0.)
dialog: To brand the German people with this crime
dialog: for all time.
text: FLASH to RED, fade in a FREEZE FRAME in NEGATIVE. Then as Adolf
text: moves again, dissolve back to positive.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (V.0.)
dialog: To add my chapter to the history of the
dialog: chosen people. Their eternity is my
dialog: eternity.
text: FLASH to RED, fade in a FREEZE FRAME in NEGATIVE. Then as Adolf
text: moves again, dissolve back to positive. A voice speaks from
text: behind the camera - Freud.
speaker_heading: FREUD (0.S.)
dialog: What about your fear of being one quarter
dialog: Jewish? Where did that fit in?
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: My final enigmatic act.
dialog: My postwar surprise to the world.
scene_heading: FLASH - THEN WHITE TO RED
speaker_heading: 116 SERIES OF IMAGES
text: The cell walls bulge slightly from external pressures, crumbling
text: Slightly. Fire "waves" in extreme slow motion (black & white).
text: Abstract images of the bodies of the twelve blonde women. A
text: flash of made-up eyes: the Woman in Black
text: She rises into frame - her black dress overtaking us.
speaker_heading: 117 BLACK FRAME
text: Adolf walks away from camera, formerly blocked by his back.
text: We discover a body, lying on its back on a table, covered by a
text: white satin sheet.
text: Adolf blocks our view of the head end of the body.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.90
text: FROM DIRECTLY OVER ADOLF: A slight breeze may cause the soft,
text: silky material to shimmer. The contours of the sheet make it
text: plain that the woman is naked under the cloth.
text: Adolf walks around the table to the other side. He stands at her
text: waist, extends both hands out, his left hand rests on her
text: stomach, his right rests on her head. Slowly, he brings his
text: hands together, allowing them to glide along just above the
text: surface of the woman's body.
text: As he does this, the CAMERA BOOMS DOWN to below the body, then
text: TILTS UP to Adolf. He raises his hands, as if in prayer, his
text: eyes on the woman's covered head. There is sadness in his
text: expression, but no tears.
text: He sits heavily on a stool near the table on which she lies, then
text: slowly reaches toward the head, gently pulls back the sheet. The
text: sheet moves through the bottom of the frame.
text: Then, with sudden violence, he yanks the sheet away.
text: (part way through the motion, becomes extreme slow motion)
scene_heading: OVER THE WHITENESS
speaker_heading: FREUD (pre-lapped)
dialog: What do you mean when you say, "erotic
dialog: affinity with death?"
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: 118 THE CAMERA MOVES ALONG THE FLOOR
text: Discovers Adolf near the opening in the wall, barely lit.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
text: Unspeakable desperation... Anxiety.
text: A hungry wolf, out to kill, eat and
dialog: survive.... That I could sit calmly at a
dialog: party rally and then get up to speak. This
dialog: was the true triumph of my will.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (cont'd)
dialog: By comparison, the conquest of France was
dialog: nothing.
text: He turns to the opening.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 119 A SOFT-FOCUS FIELD OF COLOR
text: It's part of a painting. Working at his self portrait.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.91
speaker_heading: ADOLF (defensive)
dialog: ... because it doesn't matter if an idea is
dialog: true or false, only that it serves my
dialog: purposes.
text: Adolf is dissatisfied with his painting. Frustrated, he dabs
text: cotton into paint thinner, begins to smear a large portion of his
text: image, creating something unintentional:
text: A half-distorted, impressionistic piece of modern art.
speaker_heading: FREUD
dialog: (sympathetically)
dialog: But members of your family suffered from
dialog: mental illness. Didn't you fear insanity?
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: I wasn't put in a lunatic asylum
dialog: I created a lunatic asylum.
scene_heading: 120 ADOLF'S HEAD MOVES DOWN THROUGH SPACE
text: (similar to the Swarthy Man), ends up in Eva's arms, against her
text: chest. The camera keeps moving past them, into blackness where
dialog: his body would be.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (0.S.)
dialog: What desperate void draws me to you... to
dialog: conquest?
text: 121 ADOLF LOOKS AT HIMSELF IN A MIRROR
text: CLOSE: Adolf pulls his lips back from his teeth with one hand,
text: brings up a magnifying glass so he can see them in the mirror
text: greatly enlarged.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: If I had not been ashamed to smile...
text: 121A ON HITLER AT THE MIRROR
text: He's at the junction between Speer and primitive. He seems
text: fragmented, disheveled, out of sorts. (the lighting is shadowy,
text: dark; the mood is nightmarish).
text: CUT TO: A HAND LOWERS THE STYLUS ON THE VICTROLA.
text: WAGNERIAN MUSIC fills the cell.
text: AT HIS MIRROR, Hitler turns to find the source of the music.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.92
text: AT THE VICTROLA: We tilt up to find Goebbels in CLOSE UP looking
text: down at the machine. He turns and smiles at Hitler.
text: CUT BACK TO A WIDE SHOT: Of the two giant statues standing at the
text: end of the cell.
text: ON THE CELL SCREEN (REAR SCREEN) behind him: a huge Citizen Kane
text: sized head of Hitler.
text: Goebbels beckons to Adolf with his hand, indicating something off
dialog: screen.
dialog: ON ADOLF: He reacts by not.......
text: BACK TO GOEBBELS:
speaker_heading: GOEBBELS
dialog: The first day I heard you speak, you looked
dialog: at me, your blue eyes met my glance, like a
dialog: flame. This was a command. At that moment,
dialog: I was reborn. I knew which road to take!
text: Goebbels snaps his hand and a brilliant spotlight reveals the
text: mannequin with no head atop the classical pedestal. The
text: mannequin wears Hitler's gold party uniform, locked in a speaking
text: pose, only the metal rod holding up its hat.
speaker_heading: GOEBBELS
text: At last an epic worth writing.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: But only you, a failed playwright to write
dialog: it.
text: ADOLF'S POV: The statues and the mannequin have gone dark. The
text: CELL SCREEN image has fragmented.
speaker_heading: GOEBBELS
dialog: There was nothing wrong with the play. The
dialog: greater your failures and the more empty and
dialog: desperate you became, the more brutal and
dialog: grotesque the propaganda had to be to hide
dialog: the truth.
text: Hitler turns to his reflection in the mirror. BLOOD pours down
text: the glass, obliterating his image.
scene_heading: 122 ENORMOUS METAL TEETH
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.93
text: inside a dark chamber. Light leaks into the chamber through
text: angular cracks. The mechanical shapes are hard to make out. A
text: long cylindrical shaft disappears into the distance.
text: There is a DISTORTED GROAN of metal; the square teeth begin to
text: turn. This is a metal gear. We MOVE BACK along other gears and
text: mechanisms, all interconnected, then out through an opening in
text: the chamber, revealing that we've been inside the film projector.
scene_heading: 123 ANGLE FROM OVERHEAD
text: Adolf is sitting down frame left, gulping from a large water
text: glass, as if to quench a deep, deep thirst.
text: Freud remains standing behind him, suggesting the classic
dialog: analytic relationship to his patient.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: (thinking back)
text: ...My mother's long, sustained moans, the
dialog: shortness of breath, the occasional high,
dialog: rising voice... What happens to a little boy
dialog: when he hears such a thing?
speaker_heading: FREUD
dialog: At what age?
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: I don't know... Six. Or nine...
dialog: He would never know whether she's
dialog: experiencing pleasure or pain.
dialog: (waits for Freud to respond)
dialog: Well, say something.
speaker_heading: FREUD
dialog: Would the little boy feel shame about what
dialog: his parents are doing? Or guilt for
dialog: listening?
text: Adolf stiffens.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Stop. No ethics. Our Christianity
dialog: is the same as your old Jewish swindle.
dialog: Germany needs free men who feel and know that
text: Wotan is within them. In their own destiny.
dialog: In their own blood...
speaker_heading: ADOLF (cont'd)
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.94
dialog: One is either a German or a Christian. We
dialog: cannot be both. We will tear out
dialog: Christianity root and branch. Annihilate it.
speaker_heading: FREUD
dialog: Are you afraid that the Christian way of life
dialog: would lead to the dissolution of masculine
dialog: vitality?
text: Adolf glares at Freud.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: (with sudden fury)
dialog: Bolshevik hogwash.
text: We HEAR the Typist typing his remarks. Freud silently
text: scrutinizes Adolf.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: What are you looking at?
text: TICK-TICK-TICK he hears the Typist's fingers. Adolf whirls,
text: infuriated that the thoughts are "getting out."
scene_heading: 124 THE BLONDE IN THE AQUARIUM
text: Adolf walks towards her. Her blonde hair floats hauntingly.
text: She watches him from in the water. When he gets to the glass,
text: his fingers silently probe, yearning to merge.
scene_heading: 125 THE WATER GLASS IN ADOLF'S HAND
text: Adolf's staring off into space.
speaker_heading: FREUD
dialog: Perhaps shame leads to concealment...
text: Again, the fingers TICKING on the typewriter keys. Again, he
text: turns to listen. But another sound blends with the keys:
text: The CLICK, CLICK of high-heeled shoes on a hard floor (WOMAN-IN-
text: BLACK musical theme).
text: He turns to the direction from which that sound is heard.
scene_heading: 126 AN SS UNIFORM ON IT'S HEADLESS, LIMBLESS "FORM"
text: The CAMERA moves from the hat, down the spike where the neck
text: would be, along the tie, diagonally down the leather strap, to
text: the long knife, hanging in its scabbard from the belt.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.95
text: The knife is similar to the ceremonial knife established earlier.
speaker_heading: FEMININE HANDS
text: reach in, grasp the knife, lift it slowly from its sheath.
text: TRACK WITH IT AS IT MOVES THROUGH SPACE
text: It approaches a swastika arm band on an outstretched arm. We PULL
text: BACK to reveal Hitler, saluting. The blade's tip slides under
dialog: the swastika...
text: Hitler's face becomes a picture of anxiety.
text: The woman in black stares blankly at Adolf. She SLICES the knife
text: through the fabric.
text: The swastika FLUTTERS limply through the air.
text: ADOLF, standing nearby, feels no power from his stiff salute. He
text: simply lowers his arm.
scene_heading: THE WOMAN IN BLACK
text: peels off her stockings.
text: Adolf's face has gone flat. We PUSH PAST HIM to where the wall
text: meets the floor. The severed swastika arm band lies in tatters
text: near seeping red liquid.
text: The CAMERA DRIFTS across the surface of the wall.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (0.S.)
dialog: What is bad, we expel from us.
dialog: What is bad does not belong to us.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: 127 A SIMILAR MOVE ACROSS THE TEXTURE OF A BLACK STOCKING
text: A shape moves towards the stocking from behind it (towards us).
text: Comes into focus as it contacts the net: Adolf's eyes, turned
dialog: ninety degrees (vertical).
text: CUT TO: His POV looking through the black stocking at Eva, who
text: lies underneath him. He pulls and stretches the material to
text: provide different views of parts of her body.
text: He moves the net away from his own face, presses the material
text: around her face to distort her actual features. She nervously
text: allows him to experiment. Part fear, part arousal.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.96
text: He reaches into his scabbard, produces the ceremonial dagger he
text: used with the woman in black. He stands above Eva.
text: We see there is blood on the dagger.
speaker_heading: ON EVA'S FACE
text: She is blank, dehumanized by his action.
text: Adolf bends down and cuts the straps of her slip. A drop of blood
text: stains her white shoulder.
text: ON HER BACK: The white slip slides off her skin.
text: It lands on the floor of the cell near her feet. Red liquid, and
text: begins to soak up the liquid.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Germany is not worthy of me. Let her perish.
text: AN IMAGE FLASHES: The profile of the exotic Man's swarthy face,
text: looking down, moving through space, very slowly.
text: 128 FADE IN FROM BLACK TO:
text: A SERIES OF SHOTS: A white light WHIPS past the lens, flaring
text: it. Metal teeth inside the projector GRIND film.
text: A character from an Otto Dix painting HOWLS at us.
text: Gaunt, starving, hollowed faces dissolve through each other.
text: Hitler's face is distorted by the warped mirror. The woman in
text: aquarium floats, still and pale just below the surface.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
scene_heading: 129 CLOSE ON ADOLF - HOURS LATER (B.G.: CELL SCREEN)
text: After a long moment, he runs his fingers through his hair and
text: begins a long soliloquy.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: (anguished)
dialog: Russia... Russia was my abyss.
text: Fingers on keys hurry to record. Adolf rubs his eyes.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.97
dialog: It was the beginning of the end. It was the
dialog: end. The dark valley of that defeat in 1941
dialog: was unbearable. The magnificent
dialog: peaks... Then to fall so low... like
text: Napoleon. Death in the snow.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (cont'd)
text: Since 1933, an unbroken chain of political,
dialog: economic and military conquests... Waves of
dialog: adulation... I was unstoppable.
dialog: But then... Russia.
text: (slowly, shaking his head)
dialog: Invincibility undone! My circle of
dialog: perfection... crushed under the boots of...
dialog: Slavs, no less! Stalinites. Untermenschen!
dialog: The Fuhrer Myth... ...shattered.
text: The typing stops.... Adolf glances over, frowns.
text: He takes a long breath, stands and begins to pace. He moves in
text: and out of the light, as if dodging it.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: A quarter million of my young soldiers
dialog: slaughtered in the snow. My most humiliating
dialog: experience. I was naked before the German
dialog: people. The world. And then I had to
dialog: continue with my role; to take the stage
dialog: again. Only my will allowed me to remain in
dialog: character.
dialog: (he pauses)
dialog: A childhood nightmare returned...
dialog: (thinking back)
text: Running home naked from school in the snow...
text: Hiding behind bushes -- trying to avoid being
dialog: seen, to avoid ridicule, exposure.
text: (he wipes perspiration from his
text: lip, lowers his head)
dialog: I pondered many options. Calling a world
dialog: conference for peace. I could be the great
dialog: peacemaker, voluntarily withdrawing to our
dialog: old borders -- we would keep only Austria.
dialog: I considered retiring, going back to my
dialog: painting. I longed to paint, to create, to
dialog: build....
dialog: (continues, thinks back)
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.98
dialog: I should have been an architect. Has a great
dialog: ruler ever simply disappeared from the public
dialog: stage, changed his identity? "Let someone
dialog: else play Hitler," I thought... "Give someone
dialog: else the role!"
speaker_heading: ADOLF (cont'd)
text: (gestures wildly, then relaxes)
dialog: The stain of defeat would not fade.
dialog: Then it came to me... Slowly at first, like a
text: blossom on a tree in spring.
dialog: What I could do next... An old image...
text: A primal hatred... crystallized. The
dialog: answer...
text: By this point, he's away from the cell screen. We don't see it
text: behind him. We only HEAR the sounds of train cars on old tracks.
text: The WAILING of human beings.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: It obsessed me and lifted my spirits.
dialog: A new plan for these terrible times. It was
dialog: the one thought, the one idea, that brought
dialog: me peace enough to sleep.
dialog: I could systematically and completely destroy
dialog: all the Jews.
dialog: If my role as great conqueror had ended, a
dialog: new part beckoned -- The Great Destroyer.
dialog: (a silent moment)
dialog: I would be the architect of the greatest
dialog: catastrophe of all time... That's how I
dialog: would be remembered, gain my immortality.
dialog: (with steely calm)
dialog: Destroy all Jews.
text: Off screen, we HEAR the typist stop before typing the words.
text: Hitler notices, looks over at him. The typist begins typing
dialog: again... slowly.
text: CLOSE ON THE PAGE: as he types: "Destroy all Jews."
text: Before he finishes typing:
text: SMASH: a test-tube of blood smashes on the ground.
text: Before it's on the screen very long, we FADE TO BLACK.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.99
text: OVER BLACK: Music and sound effects evoking deepest, darkest
dialog: tragedy.
scene_heading: 130 A MASK HANGS AGAINST BLACKNESS
text: The camera moves past it, discovers more masks, each with Adolf's
text: face in a range of emotions: Enraged. Defiant. Triumphant.
text: Proud. Angry. Charming. Ecstatic.
text: WE HOLD ON: The "triumphant" mask.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (V.0.)
dialog: Stripped of grandeur... exposed.... nerve
dialog: endings.... a tender fetus poked
text: unmercifully by a long sharp, metal rod...
text: 131 PUSH IN TO A PHOTO: HITLER AT AGE TEN, HIS ARMS CROSSED.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (V.0.)
dialog: Sometimes it feels as if my body has been
text: partially cut out, never grown.
scene_heading: 132 STOCK FOOTAGE: DOLLY ACROSS FACES IN A CROWD - EXTREMELY
speaker_heading: SLOW
text: The faces are mid-rapture as they watch Hitler.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (V.0.)
dialog: We were stuck in a mutually reciprocal dream
dialog: play.
text: Figures twirling with no ground.
text: Images with no object.
text: A mass hallucination.
scene_heading: 133 BLACKNESS - SOMETHING COMING TOWARD US
text: As it quickly fills more and more of our frame we see that it's a
text: campaign poster of Hitler, just his face on a black field (note:
dialog: not cell screen).
text: It grows and grows, until it's overwhelmingly large, then push in
text: further, until it's just litho dots.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (V.0.)
dialog: Only my image... No swastika, no party name,
dialog: no program. My image stands for discipline,
dialog: will, resoluteness. For Germany's destiny.
dialog: What it did not stand for was me.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.100
scene_heading: 134 HUGE BLOWN-UP IMAGES OF HITLER DISSOLVE ONTO EACH OTHER
speaker_heading: ADOLF (V.0.)
dialog: That a people would give all power... Turn
text: their lives and wills over to a single man...
dialog: It's insane.
scene_heading: 135 EXTREME CLOSE, ABSTRACT OF ADOLF'S ACTUAL MUSTACHE (MACRO)
text: A sharp blade cuts through hairs in slow motion, accompanied by
text: SCRAPING, STRETCHING, RUMBLING.
text: CUT TO: Extremely close on hairs falling on white porcelain.
text: SLOWED: Adolf slowly rises into frame, revealing his hairless
text: lip and mouth.
text: His despair at seeing himself without the mustache is extreme. He
text: feels naked. Part of the mask is gone.
text: He tries a posture of authority, confidence, but it doesn't fit.
text: He jerks his arm out in salute, holding it for several moments...
text: Then snaps his arm back. Anxious.
text: ADOLF CONTORTS HIS FACE, WATCHES HIMSELF IN THE MIRROR.
text: He speeds through different expressions: Willful. Contempt.
text: Curiously piqued. Scorn. Arrogance. Amused. Anger. Jump-cut
text: together. Each is convincing. But the hurt expression returns,
text: the hair falls down again.
text: He tries anguish, grief. But he can't hold it.
text: He moves his shoulders quickly up and down as one would do when
text: sobbing, but it feels extremely forced.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (V.0.)
dialog: The cruelest man is the one who has
dialog: experienced the deepest personal suffering.
text: SOUNDS: The concussive BLOWS we've tied to his father terror.
text: Again, his face goes blank, emotionless.
scene_heading: 136 CLOSE: A ROUND HAND MIRROR.
text: It turns to reveal Adolf in magnified distortion.
text: His features, enlarged out of proportion, ripple and bulge. His
text: nose is huge, grotesque. His eye looks malignant, ready to pop.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.101
text: In the background, the set moves, as if he's spinning in space as
text: he examines his face.
text: SOUNDS: Adolf breathing rapidly. WHISPERS from off screen.
scene_heading: 137 DANCING FEET, OUT OF FOCUS (STOCK FOOTAGE, NON-CELL SCREEN)
text: Hitler clowning on the patio of his mountain retreat. (the
text: footage he earlier edited out in front of Eva.)
text: This "eradicated" footage is followed by stills where he looks
text: weak, or effeminate, wearing Lederhosen, photos showing him
text: tired, old, uncharacteristically Hitler. Photos that reveal the
text: man beneath the masks/personas.
text: The images begin to repeat.
text: The images become over magnified, hugely grainy.
scene_heading: 138 CLOSE/ABSTRACT ON A PIECE OF FLESH-COLORED NETTING
text: With short hairs attached. It's a fake mustache.
text: Theatrical make-up glue is applied. The mustache is pressed
text: against Adolf's upper lip.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (V.0.)
dialog: As if the hero had no fears and the villains
dialog: had no need for affection.
text: PULL BACK QUICKLY to Adolf, in conventional MEDIUM SHOT,
text: reflected in the full-length mirror. He wears the same dark suit
text: he wore at the beginning of the film.
text: His panic begins to subside as he recognizes his old self in the
text: mirror's reflection.
text: MUSIC: Discordant, tuned to Adolf's inner tension.
text: SOUNDS: The Jailer's baton raking along the wall.
text: Adolf glances slightly sideways, to his right.
scene_heading: 139 ON THE SCREEN: ADOLF GIVING A VITRIOLIC SPEECH WITHOUT SOUND
text: The cell-screen images are Nazi surreal. Steel-helmeted SS
text: soldiers, the black metal gleaming in the sun. Arms with
text: swastikas swinging. Shiny boots goose stepping. Slow motion,
dialog: dream like.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.102
text: We BOOM down, revealing the side-back of Adolf's head, and then
text: body, as he watches his image. We dolly slowly around behind
text: him, keeping the images on the screen beyond (ending almost in
text: profile from the other side).
speaker_heading: ADOLF (V.0.)
dialog: My youth was an emptiness, a black mirror
text: laced with panic.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (cont'd)
text: As Fuhrer, my mirror filled with my image,
text: but the glow was brief.
text: And when the brightness fades at twilight,
text: the brutality has begun. Finally when the
text: beast is spent, the black night returns.
text: CELL SCREEN: A FRAME OF HITLER FREEZES, THEN STARTS TO MELT
text: The image is of Hitler speaking at night.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (ON SCREEN)
dialog: The only remedy is to lash out. Ever so
text: slightly the fog lifts. It doesn't go away,
dialog: but it is tolerable.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
text: SOUNDS a DEEP RUMBLING, like THUNDER, but vaguely suggesting a
text: distant battle.
text: 140 ADOLF IN SILHOUETTE AGAINST THE SCREEN... WATCHING....
text: CELL SCREEN: A soldier dead in the snow. An icy wind blows. He's
text: already partially buried in the drifts.
text: The camera MOVES off the man's face to the snow.
text: We slowly DISSOLVE TO: A hollow-eyed, skeletal face, slowly
text: starving, near death.
text: His emotionless eyes stare directly at us, but the gaze is
text: distant, almost lifeless.
text: The face fades out. Just snowy white field.
scene_heading: 141 A MOVING WHITE FIELD - THE NURSE'S UNIFORM
text: Move down the Nurse's arm to her hand as she removes a vial of
text: blood from the box of test tubes.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.103
text: She turns to hand it to Adolf. We see her face and hair.
text: She's not blonde. Her hair is now black. She's the Woman in
text: Black. Adolf reacts -- horror.
text: As she hands the vial of blood to Adolf, it slips.
text: WE TRACK IT IN SLOW MOTION (nurse's uniform in B.G.).
text: The vial of blood SHATTERS on the ground.
text: 142 A DEATH MASK IS LIFTED TOWARDS US
text: SERIES OF IMAGES: The slow-motion, abstract fire. Red liquid
text: drips onto the floor from somewhere above. A wolfen German
text: Shepherd LUNGES, snarling, its fangs dripping blood.
text: The death mask CRASHES into the fire bowl, sending sparks; goes
text: up in flames.
text: On the sound track: DISTANT, MUFFLED SCREAMS. RUMBLING.
scene_heading: 143 CLOSE: A PAGE IN THE TYPEWRITER - WORDS STILL BEING TYPED
dialog: "Destroy all Jews."
text: A hand enters and YANKS the sheet of paper from the machine,
text: reads it carefully. Then....
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: My god... This is powerful writing. "Like a
dialog: blossom in spring.".... Add this note.
text: The Typist puts another piece of paper into the typewriter.
text: Hitler pauses to compose in his mind.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: "The seeds of this obsession were planted
text: long ago and now sprang forth from the black
dialog: soil of war". Or should I say the black soil
dialog: of defeat...?
speaker_heading: TYPIST (cold)
dialog: Isn't defeat what you mean?
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Wait... Something's out of order. Before the
dialog: defeats... I'm trying to remember... The SS
dialog: death squads eliminated hundreds of thousands
dialog: of Jews and communists in the course of the
dialog: invasion of Russia... Of course that was
dialog: mostly a military security issue.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.104
text: He puts down the prized piece of writing, frantically searches
text: through nearby folders, looking for new facts.
text: He finds a page, clipped to others. He flattens it out, scans it.
dialog: It's a record, with dates.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: So long ago so much has happened...
dialog: (he searches through papers)
dialog: I know I declared war on the United States
dialog: December eleven -- one week after the first
dialog: defeats in Russia...
speaker_heading: ADOLF (cont'd)
dialog: (he stands and paces)
dialog: I was desperate to transcend the agony... To
text: appear strong.
dialog: (considers)
dialog: Maybe I need to say...
dialog: "Men may see my actions as atrocities of epic
dialog: proportions. I saw them as a way to relieve
dialog: tension."
dialog: Or... "In a mere fortnight, I sealed
dialog: Germany's military and moral fate."1
dialog: Or...
dialog: (pause)
dialog: ...let's just leave it the way it is.
text: Still unsettled, pondering the dilemma, Adolf hands back to the
text: Typist the piece of paper containing the explanation for killing
text: the Jews. The Typist studies it for several long beats.
text: 144 AT THE OPENING IN THE WALL
text: Adolf leans down, as close to the opening as he's ever been.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: (anxious)
dialog: Why do men act as they do?
text: Adolf ponders this, then reasserts his will.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: People act out of fear. Every time...
dialog: (straightens)
dialog: Fear and self preservation.
text: The presence on the other side remains silent.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.105
scene_heading: 145 FILE BOXES FULL OF FOLDERS
text: With increasing desperation. Adolf flips through folders full of
text: unsorted photographs. Desperately searching.
text: PUSH IN on his face.
text: SNAP, SNAP, SNAP he puts the photos down like dealing cards. This
dialog: pile, that pile.
text: He jerks his head around, looks off screen, paranoid.
text: SNAP SNAP... more photos.
text: THE WOOD STOVE DOOR flips open. Photos drop in, catch fire.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: After 1941, I rarely spoke in public.
dialog: (looks at more photos)
dialog: No more adulation...
text: He looks at a few more photos.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: I would not waiver... My place in man's
dialog: memory depended on a consistent
dialog: presentation... I would be a martyr to my
dialog: historic destiny.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: All that remained was to perform the
dialog: denouement...
text: SNAP, SNAP, SNAP more photos get sorted. Folders full of
text: writings are grabbed up, sorted through.
text: Adolf pushes his hair back, turns to someone off screen.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Destroy Warsaw. Burn Paris.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
scene_heading: 146 FADE IN: ADOLF, STANDING STIFF, ARM OUT
text: Adolf gestures with two fingers, his arm shaking with will.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (at the Typist)
dialog: No, no. I am an artist and a German
dialog: Nationalist! I never killed a single person
dialog: with my own hands! My whole life was
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.106
dialog: dedicated to fighting the schemers who
dialog: plotted to take over the world!
text: He SMACKS his fist into his hand. Then whips it down.
text: The Typist, appears behind Adolf and whispers into his ear.
speaker_heading: TYPIST
dialog: Your every aversion matured to a murderous
dialog: extravaganza.
speaker_heading: 149 AN ARYAN BUST
text: A hand SQUINCHES through the top of its clay head.
scene_heading: 146A THE JAILER'S DOG SNARLS MENACINGLY BEHIND ITS MUZZLE
text: The German Shepherd strains at the end of its leash, focused on
text: something off screen, coiled to attack.
text: The Jailer's hands slowly unbuckle the dog's muzzle. He then
text: unhooks its leash! The dog LUNGES, jaws SNAPPING.
text: 147 CUT TO: GOERING STANDS STILL, FAT IN A GARISH DRESS UNIFORM
text: His sword is huge. Adolf walks up behind him, as if at an
text: inspection. The lens makes Goering look like a hog.
text: Goering sucks in his gut. Hitler walks behind him, KNOCKS off
text: his hat.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: You're an embarrassment.
text: Rips off an epaulette, then another one... medals, his
dialog: ceremonial sword...
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: You're a pathetic heap of flesh.
dialog: And your mismanagement of the Luftwaffe...
dialog: Eine Affenschande - shameful even for a
dialog: monkey.
text: Suddenly, Adolf jerks a hand around Goering's head, hooks
text: Goering's mouth with his index finger, yanks him around to face
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: (in his ear, menacing)
dialog: You fat oaf.
scene_heading: 150 ADOLF, VERY PARTIALLY LIT
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.107
text: He's crouched by a primitive portion of the cell, painting on the
text: wall with crude tools. The image is part man, part beast (antlers
text: growing from its head, inspired by Von Stuck).
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: I devoured past and future.
dialog: I devoured....
dialog: I fused the symbolic with the real.
dialog: I exuded spiritual terror.
text: ON THE SOUND TRACK: A mad SCREAM, that becomes a SCREECH, a
text: distant voice, HOWLING -- The agony of a man and of all mankind.
text: Time is warped into SLOW MOTION.
speaker_heading: FADE TO BLACK
scene_heading: 148 GOEBBELS REHEARSES A HITLER SPEECH IN A THREE-SIDED MIRROR
text: With self-righteous rage. Looking debonair in his leather coat
text: and his party hat. Is he mocking the Fuhrer, or rehearsing to
dialog: take the Fuhrer's place on the stage?
speaker_heading: GOEBBELS (speech voice)
dialog: Nazism and Christianity are based on the same
dialog: idea that one individual could provide
dialog: salvation. A simple man could work a miracle
dialog: of enlightenment and faith in a world of
dialog: skepticism and despair!
text: Goebbels stops, examines his final pose for effect.
text: He stops when he hears a voice behind him.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: You, too, Goebbels? A Judas. A Jew.
text: ADOLF steps into the light. Goebbels turns cautiously to him.
speaker_heading: 151 OMITTED
text: 152 ADOLF CHANTS NEAR THE OPENING IN THE WALL
text: The light through the opening is as dim as it's ever been.
text: ADOLF (rhythmically, chanting)
dialog: There is not a drop of Jewish blood in my
dialog: veins. My father was a great man.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.108
text: The photos with my hands folded over my groin
dialog: had nothing to do with any genital
dialog: peculiarities.
dialog: Never did I use my official position to amass
dialog: great personal wealth.
dialog: What I did was for the good of Germany. The
dialog: Jews caused World War II, not me.
dialog: The rumors that I had women urinate on me are
text: totally unfounded.
dialog: The relentless lies told about me, a simple
dialog: and straight-forward man, were greater than
dialog: ever told about any man in history.
text: Adolf waits and waits for any sign whatsoever...
text: He closes his eyes, full of self-torment.
speaker_heading: FREUD (0.S.)
dialog: You're in pain.
text: Blood rushes to Adolf's cheeks. Anger swells. He whirls (slow-
dialog: motion).
speaker_heading: ADOLF
speaker_heading: LIES!
text: Adolf fights to control it.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Come here, Freud. Look at my new Jerusalem.
dialog: The new Germany.
text: CUT TO: the thick, angular architecture of the city, ending on
text: the giant tower. Freud takes all this in, nodding. Adolf hates
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: FREUD
dialog: (still trying to help)
dialog: And about this rage...?
text: PUSH IN to Adolf's EAR as cheers and chants from passionate
text: crowds rise in DEAFENING echoes.
text: In an explosion of rage, Adolf SLAMS his fist down on Germania,
text: the model city, destroying a corner portion of it.
scene_heading: SUPERIMPOSE: FAINT TRACE OF A CHURCH EXPLODING IN FLAMES
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.109
text: DISSOLVE TO: FREUD'S FACE. He gazes at Adolf empathetically.
text: Adolf misreads Freud's reaction as being unimpressed.
text: Enraged, he lifts Thor's Hammer into frame. Freud continues to
text: gaze back at him. Adolf menacingly raises the hammer higher.
dialog: Is he going to destroy Germania?
text: The hammer moves in SLOW MOTION through black space. The CAMERA
text: follows it to its destination: Freud -- visible just long enough
dialog: for us to recognize his image. Then...
text: SMASH! Freud is shattered.
text: The pieces of glass recede - in slow motion - into total
text: blackness. This takes a long time.
text: 153 SERIES OF IMAGES RELATING TO ADOLF'S RISING ANXIETY
dialog: (note: these images are not on the cell screen)
text: Adolf rubbing his hands, as if to rub off a stain.
text: The "Nordic Nugget" children hold hands, one looks back, afraid,
dialog: then they run away. (from Adolf)
scene_heading: INTERWOVEN INTO:
text: Where the wall meets the floor, moisture seeps through into
text: small, dark-red puddles... The surface of the wall glistens.
text: DISSOLVE TO: Wet paint on the self-portrait canvas. Much of the
text: paint has been wiped away. Revealed underneath the paint is a
dialog: photograph.
scene_heading: EXTREMELY CLOSE: THE NEEDLE OF THE SYRINGE
text: as is sucks up a milky drug with spots in it
text: A distant WOMAN'S SCREAM. Not pain, but existential angst.
text: SOUNDS: loud battle, explosions, machine gun fire, men yelling,
text: screaming.
text: The blonde transvestite. Glorious Germany in ruins. Marching
text: soldiers superimposed over symmetrical grave yards. The
text: concentration camp prisoner who Adolf spoke to in the booth in
text: the cell. A vial of Adolf's blood smashing. A vestige of a mask
text: is peeled off, revealing only another mask.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.110
text: Grotesque paintings by the surrealist, Otto Dix.
text: Adolf's mother. Swastikas. Contorted dead, frozen soldiers.
text: Adolf's body with no head, only a backbone sticking up where the
text: neck used to be. Glass breaking. Germania burning. Images where
text: freakish Nazis appear, looking inbred, deformed.
text: Images we've seen earlier on the screen, flipped, off center.
text: Hitler's image saluting, and then sliding off the cell screen.
text: Costumes and props of Nazi era. Out-take photos, like the shot of
text: Adolf in process of sitting down.
text: The syringe plunger is pressed in. Pressed in again. Again.
text: 154 THE CAMERA PANS FROM BLACKNESS TO ADOLF'S HAND
text: holding the handle of Thor's Hammer. After a beat, he releases
text: it. The handle drifts away from the hand, to the right of frame,
text: then off frame.
text: Adolf picks up a piece of mirror. Sees his reflection on it.
text: An awkward composition. A tired, anguished face. There is
text: stubble on his chin, his hair is out of place. His uniform is
text: unbuttoned.
text: At the edge of our frame, a slice of Adolf's profile appears,
text: just more than a bare outline, Adolf looking at himself in the
text: glass. (lighting on the background barely fades up)
text: Adolf gazes into the glass, then turns away. He sees Freud
text: sitting in the room just as before, not "shattered."
text: ON ADOLF: He reacts.... stunned.
text: DISTORTED GRINDING metal fills the sound track.
scene_heading: 155 HIGH-WIDE SHOT - ADOLF PACING AROUND IN PANIC
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: I am.... I can't find...
dialog: (suddenly shouts out)
dialog: I am Hitler! Sieg Heil!
text: IN THE BACKGROUND ON CELL SCREEN: Fragmented images.
text: Panic. Camera follows, HAND HELD. Adolf blurts out partial
text: sentences, broken streams of consciousness. (Most is "internal
dialog: monologue", i.e., we only occasionally see his lips move when he
dialog: speaks.)
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.1411
text: He grabs for loose files, flips urgently through them, then DROPS
text: the papers. The Typist just stares blankly back.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Power... Infinite. If I could just...
dialog: Discipline!
dialog: Iam... A. Hitler... Thousand year...
dialog: THOUSAND... ! Reich! Destroyer!
dialog: Masculine... The Immortal...!
text: He stops, stares at his reflection in the cell's mirror. Frowns.
text: Twice he jerks his head, as if to orient himself.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: But I... This can't....
text: He weakens. The panic subsides. He waits for a clear thought
text: before speaking again. Tiny shock waves pulse through his brain.
text: He gains control over syntax, but his voice fluctuates from soft
text: and droning to percussive outbursts.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Every.... Every.. person.... Every nation
dialog: must be as granite in this terrible world...
dialog: A man needs strength in the face of danger;
dialog: women need protection.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (cont'd)
text: A man builds himself from nothing.
dialog: All life is paid for with blood. Boldness
dialog: has genius. Boldness has genius.
dialog: I must be a harsh master.
text: He ends up near the opening in the wall, his back to it.
text: He leans over, puts his hands on his knees and pants for air like
text: a sprinter runner who can't catch his breath.
dialog: After several long moments:
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: When you... When you say people act from
dialog: either love or hate... what does... People
dialog: want immorality... Immortality.
dialog: I... I don't understand...
text: The camera PANS over to the opening in the wall.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.112
text: No response. It pans back to Adolf. He begins to lose control
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: I created myself...!
text: A violent spasm shoots through his body, his muscles clenching as
text: his nerves misfire. His limbs contort, as if in seizure. He
text: tries to speak... nothing comes out... He opens his mouth... and
text: SCREAMS. We see the scream in his reddening face, only we don't
text: hear the sound. Then, gasping...
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Iam.... I created my...! greatest self!
dialog: Iam... A. Hitler... Thousand year...
dialog: THOUSAND... ! Reich! Destroyer!
dialog: Power... Infinitely infinite. Beyond the
dialog: infinite.
text: Adolf waves his hand with contempt, walks away.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: Ridiculous. Lies!
text: He stop, turns back, then walks away again. He exhausts
text: himself... Gathers his breath again, and calls out, weakly.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Eva.
text: Adolf tightens grotesquely, like a warped human spring.
text: Then his limbs snap out, uncoiling violently.
text: CUT TO: A membrane... Adolf tears through it towards us...
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: (shouts)
dialog: EVA!!
text: Adolf tries to walk away, but he has lost much body control.
text: 156 A FIELD OF WHITE SLIDES DOWN THE FRAME
text: Revealing twin white fields. We realize it's the hem of Eva's
text: SLIP, sliding down frame, revealing her thighs.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.113
text: ANOTHER ANGLE: still looking down, but from a position 180
text: degrees around from the last (so the hem is moving up).
text: A dark object moves up frame behind the hem. Eventually, we
text: realize it's the back of Adolf's head, nestling face down,
text: childlike, between Eva's white thighs, a soft, safe refuge (we do
text: not see Eva's face).
text: AN IMAGE FLASHES: the SWARTHY FACE moving down, down. Finally,
text: Eva's lace-covered breast appears at the bottom of frame. The
text: swarthy face moves to it.
text: BACK IN THE CELL
text: Adolf YANKS UP as the CAMERA WRENCHES down to his level.
text: His face fills our frame - a picture of rage.
text: Seething rage. The horror of horrors.
scene_heading: 157 THE BLONDE WOMAN IN HER AQUARIUM
text: She looks up to see: ADOLF. He walks with determination, swings
text: his fore-arm, SMASHES THE GLASS.
text: Water cascades out.
text: Adolf stands in the middle, looking around for the woman.
text: An apparition, she is gone.
text: On the sound track: DISTANT HOWLS. HORRIBLE HUMAN DESTRUCTION.
text: 158 CAMERA IS HIGH ANGLE, STRAIGHT DOWN ON ADOLF
text: He's standing, looking up at us, almost into the lens, his face
text: knotted in physical/mental agony.
text: The CAMERA begins to twist on lens axis. Room spins.
scene_heading: 159 GLOBS OF WHITE LIQUID
text: float slowly through the air. The cell walls appear in the
text: background. The CAMERA lyrically follows the globs down until
text: the high-pointed, majestic tips of Germania appear at the bottom
text: of the frame.
text: Its broad vistas and magnificent structures spread out before us
text: as "rain" pours upon it, sparkling in a back-lit dance.
text: DISSOLVE THROUGH slow motion angles of "rain" falling on various
text: parts of Germania - streets, tanks, churches, etc.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.114
text: The "rain" is unusual. It wets one section, then circles to
text: another, as if a single, dark cloud dances overhead.
text: When Germania is soaked, the deluge stops. Quiet returns.
text: Music from Wagner's Gotterdammerung rises up.
text: We hear a distant rumble.
text: A BRILLIANT EXPLOSION OF LIGHT
text: in the foreground whites out the bottom portion of our frame.
text: Then resolves to a single flame. A long, wooden match with a
text: hardy flame is poised in Adolf's shaking fingers. It moves
text: towards Germania, and the gasoline-soaked miniature city explodes
text: into flames.
scene_heading: ADOLF'S FACE - ALIGHT WITH FLICKERING LIGHT
text: The flames consume the model.
text: DISSOLVE TO: SERIES OF ABSTRACT SHOTS OF FLAMES
text: Flares. Fire storms. Walls of fire. Slow motion, fast motion,
dialog: step-printed.
text: SUPERIMPOSE: Texture of blonde hair blowing, blended almost
text: subliminally with the flames. It suddenly blackens.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 160 ON THE CELL-SCREEN - MOVING IMAGES OF DEFEATED GERMANS
text: German soldiers starving in the snow in Russia. Ghostly,
text: hollowed-out faces. Prisoners of war behind barbed wire.
text: Adolf walks close to the opening in the wall, leans down towards
text: the light coming through.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (0.S.)
dialog: What does the future bring?
text: IN A CORNER OF THE CELL: A puddle of red liquid grows steadily,
dialog: now. The outer pressure is great.
text: Human bones become visible in the wall as mortar falls away.
text: ON THE CELL SCREEN: Other images that show the suffering of
text: German people. Not just soldiers: Generals. Civilian men, out of
dialog: work, homeless.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.115
speaker_heading: ADOLF (0.S.)
dialog: No one questioned me. Further and further
dialog: down the path... No one said stop...
dialog: The whole apparatus said yes, go on.
text: Women in rags. Orphaned children. Slowed down, step-printed,
text: almost "still". Others are stills.
text: ON THE SCREEN: Children with their hands up being held by a
text: machine-gun toting soldier; women crying.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (0.S.)
text: Repeating cycles of affirmation.
dialog: Echo. Echo. It was all so abstract. Living
dialog: space, the racial theories. Aesthetics.
text: At a parade, a small girl cries, Adolf pats her cheek.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (0.S.)
dialog: I never touched the suffering.
dialog: I kept it so distant...
text: The footage slows almost to a freeze.
text: EXTREME CLOSE on Adolf's face. He turns to look almost directly
text: at us, so that one bloodshot eye fills the middle of the frame.
dialog: 
text: DISSOLVE TO: Another angle of Adolf, looking up a bit, facing us,
text: the eye of the outgoing shot dissolving such that it's over his
text: forehead, and a little bit bigger than the eyes in the incoming
dialog: shot. ("third eye of expanded perception")
text: Red-liquid seepage at the corners of the cell turn to steady
text: drips, then to red rivulets. Red liquid runs down the bio-
text: textured walls. Cracks appear in the ceiling...
text: Plaster crumbles from the ceiling and upper walls.
text: DISTANT SCREAMS. Adolf looks up.
text: ON THE SCREEN: Images of death. Dead soldiers in the snow. Two
text: dead men lying on a sidewalk in a ghetto. Men with a wood cart
text: pick them up, join other carts of dead people.
text: Soldiers open fire on helpless civilians holding shovels, who
text: fall into graves they've dug themselves.
text: Women drag thin dead bodies through ash, dump them on piles of
text: other dead. Bulldozers push naked dead bodies into pits.
text: ON ADOLF: He sees. Maybe for the first time, he sees.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.116
text: He moves closer and closer.
text: Until, as we look at him from behind, he is surrounded by death.
text: We push past him to the screen. The images slow down; so they
dialog: are even more unavoidable.
text: SLOW DISSOLVE: Adolf's face (during the long dissolve, his face
text: is superimposed over the images of death).
text: He backs towards the wall, his hands out to keep himself from
text: falling against it. When he's pressed against the stone, no
text: where else to go, he's forced again to face the screen.
text: We see his hands grope the wall behind him, as if unconsciously
text: looking for a way to climb up it. We notice shapes in the wall:
text: bones, perhaps the eye-sockets of a skull, barely protruding from
text: the "stone" of the wall (like dinosaur bones in an archaeological
dialog: dig.)
text: Finally, Adolf glances at the place where his hand seeks a hold,
text: sees that it's a skull. He's surrounded by bones. His hands are
text: covered in blood.
text: Adolf's eyes expand, almost beyond normal size (exaggerated
text: optically), as they absorb the horror. He opens his mouth
text: unnaturally wide (exaggerated optically) to scream.
text: We FREEZE his face, mid-scream, just as the scream begins on the
dialog: sound track
text: FADE TO BLACK.
text: Another SCREAM, and then another, and then another, each
text: overlapping the previous, each louder and more horrific, more
text: animalistic than the last. As if he will scream forever.
text: AS THE SCREAMS ECHO...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: 161 A PRISON WALL BEGINS TO COLLAPSE
text: As the stones and mortar collapse, bones and corpses imbedded
text: into the walls are revealed. They collapse with the walls.
text: Then another, bones and rock and mortar, collapses.
dialog: Yet another.
text: The SCREAMS continue.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.117
text: A red torrent crashes in, as if from a damn breaking.
text: The red flood sweeps up everything in its path: the flags, the
text: uniform mannequins, the paintings, the sculptures, the files.
text: The typewriter.
text: The flood rushes over us.
dialog: All is lost.
scene_heading: FADE TO BLACK:
text: 162 SLOWLY PULL OUT AND BACK FROM THE BLACKNESS
text: until we see that the black is that of a pupil. We keep backing
text: out, to see the iris, then the whole eye.
text: Eventually, we've pulled out to Adolf's face, which is now gaunt,
text: hollow. He is older. His hair is grayer, thinner, longer. His
text: skin is dry, talc-like. Aged.
text: The only sounds: His BREATHING. Until...
scene_heading: THE CAMERA RISES UP
text: to see that Adolf is slumped in a near-fetal position, in the far
text: corner of the cell, small and vulnerable. He is down to his
text: trousers and a torn, stained shirt.
text: Slowly rocking himself. He is without will. Spineless. (asa
text: drunk wallowing in the streets, or a man in a mental institution
dialog: who's lost all trace of human spirit).
speaker_heading: ADOLF'S HAND
text: slowly reaches out, slides across the floor of the cell.
scene_heading: HIGHER, WIDER ANGLE
text: The cell, totally empty except for Adolf.
text: We see that the cell, dry now, is completely empty. Barren.
text: Washed clean of every last scrap of Adolf's trappings and
text: "history." The screen in the background is pitch black, a black
text: rectangle against a slightly lighter wall. Emptiness.
text: The walls appear to be made of cloth, with the texture and color
text: of the earlier rigid walls painted on them. Torn and gaping in
text: places, they billow in a mysterious breeze.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.118
text: The light is flat... stark... dim. No drama or dynamism to it
dialog: whatsoever.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON ADOLF
text: There's a long, pause. The sense of a presence on the other side
text: of the wall, through the opening, is slightly greater (strongest
text: light and music motif). We hear Adolf's voice, but his lips do
dialog: not move.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (V.O.)
dialog: All this madness... The destruction... The
dialog: human suffering...
text: He can barely speak. Chilled, he shivers.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: I too was trapped in the whirlwind we
dialog: created...
text: An empty mirror filled with hate.
text: Adolf turns, looks up toward the opening in the wall, where the
text: light emanates. The light is whiter, more intense.
speaker_heading: ADOLF (V.O.)
dialog: I expected God to reach down (gestures) and
dialog: stop me... But he never did...
text: We dissolve to the opening in the wall.
text: We dissolve back to Adolf. He listens for an answer, makes no
dialog: move.
text: We dissolve back to the opening in the wall: silence.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
dialog: Please....please say something...
dialog: Please help me.
dialog: Only more silence.
text: FROM OFF SCREEN: THE SOUND OF THE PROJECTOR
text: 163 ON THE SCREEN: SLOW MOTION HITLER SPEAKING FROM ON HIGH
text: Impassioned. Enraged. The quintessential Hitler, but in total
dialog: silence.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.119
text: ADOLF, in the cell, stands close to the screen, his head tilted
text: back to look up at the cell-screen from an extremely oblique
dialog: angle.
text: ON THE SCREEN: His image towers above him.
text: IN THE CELL: Adolf steps into the projector's beam, his shadow
text: falling on the cell-screen. In contrast with Hitler on the
text: screen, Adolf's rigid spine of will has curved and slouched with
dialog: age.
text: He turns toward the projector, his historical image projected
text: onto his face in the cell. He squints into the light, moves
text: slowly toward it.
text: ON THE SCREEN BEHIND HIM: More quintessential Hitler from the
dialog: days of his rise to power.
text: ON THE SOUND TRACK: Distorted music, effects and speech derived
text: from sources such as Wagner, parade cheers, rally chants,
text: Hitler's speeches, and bonfires, etc... We hear in the SCORE
text: strains of "Dies Irae." (the music of death).
text: ADOLF'S POV: A small circle of white against a black field. The
text: circle gets larger as he moves toward the projector.
text: ON ADOLF: The projector's flicker slows so that we see the
text: black/white contrast clearly. (we HEAR a slow motorized clicking
text: on sound track). His expression is strangely calm.
text: The light is so bright as he approaches, Adolf's figure begins to
text: white out entirely.
scene_heading: ANGLE FROM BEHIND ADOLF
text: Rays of light knife between his arms and legs as he moves,
text: outlining him, blasting outwards like laser beams.
speaker_heading: ADOLF
text: is almost totally white. The tempo of flashing light on him is
text: at its slowest. The CHATTER of the machine is a high-pitched
text: POUNDING...
text: 164 THERE IS A SUDDEN FLASH OF BRILLIANT WHITE.
text: The explosion of light and sound is followed by fuzzy smears of
text: shadow and light.
speaker_heading: ON ADOLF
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.120
text: He continues on, directly towards a strange mechanism at the end
text: of a dark tunnel. Projected onto him: vibrating, out-of-focus
text: smears of shadow and light.
scene_heading: ADOLF FROM BEHIND ADOLF
text: Beyond him, we see for the first time: The film gate.
text: A large frame, about six feet high by ten feet wide.
text: Behind it is bright light, filtered now by the colors and
text: patterns streaking through the "gate." Above the gate is half
text: of the next "frame". Below, half of the last.
text: The shadowy, nondescript machinery makes LOUD, DISTORTED noise,
text: as dreamlike as the images.
text: Adolf approaches in SLOW MOTION. (When he blinks or moves, it is
text: surreal, haunting).
text: 165 A FEW FEET FROM THE FILM PLANE
text: Adolf stops. The images cease streaking and become visible at
dialog: normal speed.
text: Mostly, they are images that represent the "illusions" created by
dialog: the Adolf and the Nazi party, all of which we have studied
text: throughout the film: Rallies, parades, flags, uniforms, etc...
text: The images change every three or four seconds.
text: Adolf reaches out one hand, and SLOWS THE IMAGES, so that we see
text: the figures moving at about half speed.
text: He puts out both hands. Now we see them move at quarter speed.
text: He slows the images even more, so that we almost see each
text: individual frame slammed into the gate, then held there, then
text: yanked away and replaced by the next.
text: ANGLE FROM BEHIND ADOLF, LOOKING AT FILM PLANE
text: He pulls back, pausing. The images speed up again.
text: He reaches in a finger and lets his fingernail scrape the film.
text: The film SCRATCHES, transmitting a jagged streak of white light.
text: With increasing confidence, and a consistently calm attitude,
text: Adolf now leans back, closes his hands together (almost prayer-
text: like), and firmly pushes them through the film,
text: splitting, releasing more white light. The images part like water
text: coming down a waterfall.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.121
text: The shape of the tear suggest the shape of the opening in the
text: wall. The light beams through it, just as it did from the opening
text: in the wall, only a hundred times brighter.
text: CLOSE ON ADOLF'S FACE - fear, apprehension... but also eagerness,
dialog: hope.
text: Adolf spreads his hands apart, using considerable effort to widen
text: the rend in the elastic film, splitting the film in two.
text: Brilliant white light FLARES the lens, almost whites out our
dialog: entire frame.
text: Adolf closes his hands again, then opens his palms against the
dialog: flow, to force open the rend to about three times the width of
dialog: the first opening.
text: He leans toward the opening. The light GUSHES through, onto
text: Adolf. There is a CHORUS of voices.
text: For a moment, Adolf looks directly into the light, but quickly
text: grimaces at its unbearable purity and brilliance.
text: He squints his eyes, turns away, unable to look into it, and
text: raises his hand to block the intense rays.
text: The instant he lets go of the ripped film strip to shield his
text: eyes, the film-strip curtain closes, again filtering out the
text: light. The images on the film strip once again take shape.
speaker_heading: ON ADOLF'S BACK
text: He takes a moment to recover from the trauma of the light.
text: When he has, he turns toward us.
text: As he looks at us (into the lens) we PUSH slowly closer.
text: The expression on his face is one of profound realization, and
dialog: extreme sadness and anguish. (slow-motion)
text: On the sound track: dissonant music, distant human screams.
text: OPTICAL: The film frame zooms back slightly, creating a thin, but
text: slowly expanding border around the last shot.
dialog: (like a Chinese box within a Chinese box)
text: We DISSOLVE into an actual photo of the man (or live action).
text: Then DISSOLVE to red.
scene_heading: THE EMPTY MIRROR - final production script - June 5, 1995 p.122
text: DISSOLVE TO WHITE. THEN TO BLACK. THEN TO WHITE.
text: THEN TO SWIRLING GRAIN
speaker_heading: THE END.
text: BLACK CREDITS ROLL OVER WHITE
dialog: "The Filmmakers wish to acknowledge a variety of great works of
text: literature from which a modest number of lines of dialogue
dialog: were borrowed."
dialog: 
