speaker_heading: THE BURROWERS
dialog: by
speaker_heading: JT Petty
dialog: July 11, 2005
dialog: Blue Star Pictures
dialog: 3000 West Olympic Boulevard
dialog: Building 4, Suite 2204
dialog: Santa Monica, CA 90404
dialog: (310) 255-7047
speaker_heading: MARYANNE (V.O.)
dialog: Hold still.
scene_heading: INT. STEWART HOUSE - NIGHT
text: MARYANNE STEWART is twenty-two, she has a plain beauty to
text: her, freckles, hair gathered in a bun. Her face is underlit
text: by the candle she uses to heat a needle. She’s holding the
text: hand of her LITTLE BROTHER, age 6, about to remove a splinter
text: from his finger. She blows on the needle to cool it.
speaker_heading: MARYANNE
text: A splinter already hurts more than
text: pulling it out.
text: Little Brother tries to be brave, but he’s nervous. Pinned
text: to her dress at Maryanne’s throat is a silver BROOCH, an
text: intricate Celtic pattern interwoven with a yellow ribbon.
text: In the small, rough-hewn cabin behind her, we see Maryanne’s
text: heavy-set BIG BROTHER (27), LITTLE SISTER (10), and MOTHER
text: (50’s.) They’re settling for the night, cleaning the dinner
text: dishes, getting the kids into their nightshirts, etc.
speaker_heading: YOUNGER SISTER
dialog: I’m not sleepy.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: We’ll story you to bed.
dialog: (to Maryanne-)
dialog: You need to take your rest, too,
dialog: Mary. F’you wanna look pretty when
dialog: your Dutchman comes courtin’
dialog: tomorrow.
speaker_heading: MARYANNE
dialog: You hush.
text: Maryanne smiles, lowers the needle towards her brother's
dialog: finger...
speaker_heading: BIG BROTHER
dialog: He told daddy he was saving wages
dialog: for his own settlement.
text: Little Brother squirms, watching the needle approach.
speaker_heading: MARYANNE
dialog: I only just met him. He ain’t...
text: The pin-point approaches young skin...
text: CRACK, CRACK, CRACK, rapid rifle fire sounds from outside.
text: The whole family’s attention snaps towards the sound. They
text: freeze for a moment, spooked like animals.
text: Big Brother moves first, cracks the shutter on a window. In
text: silvery moonlight, we catch a glimpse of waving prairie
text: grass, MUZZLE-FLASHES with the CRACKS of rifle fire.
text: There’s a FIGURE, running, fast approaching the house.
text: Maryanne sticks the needle in the candle and puts a
text: protective arm around Little Brother. Little Sister nuzzles
text: into her mother’s arms, frightened.
speaker_heading: LITTLE SISTER
dialog: Mom...?
text: BAM, everybody jumps when he hits the door, yanking it open a
text: moment later to reveal Maryanne’s heavy FATHER (50’s.) He’s
text: breathless, terrified, a rifle in his hand. CRACK, CRACK,
text: distant rifle-fire continues from the cabin behind him.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: What’s happening?
speaker_heading: FATHER (BREATHLESS)
dialog: They were in the Williams’ house.
speaker_heading: BIG BROTHER
dialog: Indians?
text: Big Brother grabs a rifle off the wall, steps towards his
text: father, who puts a hand on his shoulder.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Stay with the women. Down, into
dialog: the root cellar. Get.
scene_heading: EXT. WASHBURNE CRICK SETTLEMENT - NIGHT
text: The settlement is two small clapboard homes alone in an ocean
text: of grass stirred by heavy winds. From the Stewart House, we
text: see Maryanne and her family hurrying out of the back door and
text: down into a cellar.
scene_heading: INT. STEWART HOUSE CELLAR - NIGHT
text: Her father ushers Maryanne down the stairs, where her mother
text: and sisters wait with a lantern. Her brother follows after,
text: a rifle in hand. Father lifts the doors above-
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Keep your lamp low and this door
dialog: locked. You don’t open it no
dialog: matter what. You hear?
text: Brother nods as he shuts the door.
speaker_heading: YOUNGER SISTER
dialog: Dad!
speaker_heading: BROTHER
dialog: Quiet.
speaker_heading: YOUNGER SISTER (PANICKING)
dialog: Mom, mom...
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: You mind your brother. Hush.
text: Big Brother latches the storm doors shut and backs into the
text: middle of the cellar. He takes the lamp from his mother and
text: turns the flame down low.
text: We hear muffled SHOUTS above, movement. The little children
text: in their white nightshirts are crying, holding onto their
text: mother. The adults all look up at the underside of the
text: floorboards, eyes glassy with fear.
text: Maryanne shakes her head at her Little Brother’s tears and
text: wipes at his cheek. In a whisper, barely more than silence-
speaker_heading: MARYANNE
dialog: Don’t cry. Be brave for me.
text: She holds his gaze until he takes a breath, and nods.
text: The cellar around them is cluttered, filled with burlap sacks
text: of grain, half-mended farm tools. Lamplight throws weaving
text: shadows on the walls around them.
text: CRACK, CRACK, more rifle shots, and then a man’s SCREAM.
text: Maryanne puts a hand to her mouth. Brother tightens his fist
text: on the rifle. Mother holds the two crying children.
text: Relative SILENCE above. The family stands frozen, trying not
text: to breathe. Little Brother SNIFFS and all heads snap towards
text: the sound. Mother puts a gentle hand over his mouth, pleads
text: with her eyes for quiet.
text: Something DRAGS over the floorboards above. The family looks
text: upwards, terrified. SCCCCRRRRT, the dragging sounds like a
text: carpet knife over the rough boards.
text: BOOM, a muffled shotgun blast. Then BOOM, another. The
text: family all look upwards, from the dragging sound to- BOOM, a
text: third blast, and a fourth.
text: All of the adults fail to notice what both of the crying
text: children see- a silhouetted FIGURE in the shadows behind Big
text: Brother, low to the ground, moving in.
text: Little Brother and Sister draw tiny breaths, eyes fixed on
text: the figure, almost too terrified to speak.
speaker_heading: YOUNGER SISTER (WHISPERING)
dialog: «..mom.
text: Her mother shushes her. The DRAGGING above has stopped.
text: Subtly, a dinner plate-sized circle of dirt by Little Brother
text: begins to move. He feels it through his socked foot and
text: looks. Eight inches of soil shake like simmering water.
text: Little Brother looks at his mom, who stares upwards at the
text: floorboards. He looks back down. Dirt moves outward from
text: the center of the circle. SOMETHING PALE begins to surface,
text: like a boiled worm, or the finger of a drowned child...
text: Maryanne, Big Brother, and Mother all stare upwards...
text: Little Brother looks down at the dirt and inhales to scream.
text: Little Sister looks away from the figure slinking towards Big
text: Brother and closes her eyes, crying, terrified.
text: An agonizing moment before-
text: Big Brother SCREAMS and the lantern drops.
text: Maryanne spins. The lantern hits the ground at her brother’s
text: feet and shatters, the momentary flash of firelight revealing
text: him clawing at the dirt floor as he’s pulled violently back
dialog: into the shadows...
text: The light extinguishes, leaving pitch darkness. Little
text: Sister SCREAMS. We hear YELLING. SCREAMS. VIOLENCE.
text: Then sudden quiet.
text: There are inhuman RATTLES and PURRS, the sounds of bodies
text: dragged over the ground. Soil shifts.
scene_heading: SILENCE. BLACK ON SCREEN.
speaker_heading: TITLE
dialog: The Dakota Territories
dialog: August 15th, 1879
text: DRIPPING. Flies BUZZ.
text: A vertical line of light grows into the rectangle of an
text: opening door, silhouetting a FIGURE in a derby and duster
text: against the lush, slowly waving grass of the Dakota plains.
scene_heading: INT. THE WILLIAMS HOUSE- DAY
text: The figure moves into the absolute black of the house, stark
text: contrast against the big sky glare of the Badlands. He pulls
text: the derby from his head.
text: Hundreds of specks of darkness, FLIES, rise in a cloud and
text: swarm the lighted rectangle of the doorway.
text: The man, little more than a dark shape in the sliver of
text: light, is DUTCH, a heavily-accented Belgian immigrant two
text: years off the boat. Dutch is sharp, capable but out of
text: place, a little anxious in the West.
speaker_heading: DUTCH (ACCENTED )
dialog: -..Is anybody home? Mr. Williams?
dialog: The Stewarts are...
text: The pupil in the illuminated crescent of Dutch's face widens,
text: adjusting to the dark, then narrows.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: Jesus god.
text: Dutch backs away, his boots sliding through a rich, crimson
text: puddle, never taking his eyes off the thing before him.
text: At the door he puts his hand against the jamb, steadying
text: himself. There's something small and smooth under his palm.
text: He takes his hand away and looks. A TOOTH, a molar, lodged
text: in the wood as if fired there. Dutch stumbles out and...
scene_heading: EXT. WASHBURNE CRICK SETTLEMENT- DAY
text: -..onto the porch, nauseated, his blood-stained boots losing
text: purchase on the friction-smoothed boards. He flails and
text: falls into JOHN CLAY.
text: The enormous man catches Dutch. Clay is a mountain, early
text: 40's, easily 6 feet and 250 lbs. of John Wayne.
dialog: All-business all the time, he’s a commanding presence,
text: strong, an obvious leader. He's holding a black-and-white
text: PHOTOGRAPH in a broken frame in one of his enormous hands.
speaker_heading: CLAY
text: Basement’s empty. The Stewarts are
dialog: gone. Maryanne say anything to you
dialog: about leaving?
text: Dutch shakes his head, no. Clay presses the Stewart family
text: portrait into Dutch's hands and pushes him off the porch.
speaker_heading: CLAY
dialog: What about the Williams?
text: Dutch shakes his head and points into the dark doorway before
text: them. Clay turns and steps into the Williams' House,
text: vanishing into the darkness.
text: We see the settlement in daylight, the two clapboard homes
text: bleached gray from hard weather. The surrounding grass sways.
text: We get a better look at Dutch: late 20’s, lean, angular. His
text: body language reads somewhere between Ichabod Crane and
text: Sherlock, contained nervous energy and remarkably sharp eyes.
text: Dutch looks at the photograph Clay gave him. The Stewarts
text: are a large family, posed before their home on the Washburne
text: Crick. The children’s images are blurred, they moved during
text: the exposure. Dutch scans the faces, focusing in on
text: Maryanne. He touches her image, smearing blood on the picture
text: by mistake. He grimaces and wipes it clean with his sleeve.
text: The TWO HORSES tied to the fence behind Dutch lift their feet
text: and roll their eyes, nervous.
text: Clay emerges from the door, carrying Dutch's Derby as if it
text: were a pair of discarded panties. Dutch takes the hat;
text: there's a crimson stain on the crown.
text: Clay walks to his horse and leans his hands on the saddle,
text: staring out at the slowly waving grass.
speaker_heading: CLAY
dialog: Indians. God help them.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: We have to get them back.
text: Clay nods, just barely.
scene_heading: EXT. THE SPACKS HOUSE- DAY
text: DOBIE SPACKS walks through the grass, looking down, lost in
text: rumination. He pinches at his upper lip, trying to tweeze
text: between his thumb and finger the fine down growing there.
text: Dobie will soon be 16. He carries a pitcher of milk. Behind
text: him, the Spacks House sits large, whitewashed, and Victorian,
text: like some Edward Hopper sentinel.
text: Ahead, WILLIAM PARCHER follows Dobie's mother towards a
text: thick, twisted box elder tree growing on a rise in the land.
text: Parcher is a mischievous-looking rancher in his 50's, a
text: moustache, glorious sideburns.
text: Parcher carries a picnic basket. He hangs back and whispers
dialog: conspiratorially to Dobie-
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: I hemped three men on yonder tree.
speaker_heading: DOBIE
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Indians, anyway. Hanged 'em dead.
text: Parcher winks at Dobie, showing off. The boy smiles, he’s
dialog: impressed.
speaker_heading: GERTRUDE
dialog: Don't feed my boy your horse-shit,
dialog: Mr. Parcher.
text: GERTRUDE SPACKS, carrying a quilt, looks back at them. She's
text: in her early 50's, attractive, rich.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: That ain't horse-shit, that's
dialog: history. Boy ought to learn where
dialog: we come from.
text: They arrive under the tree and Gertrude spreads the quilt.
speaker_heading: GERTRUDE
dialog: Mind the cursing in front of my
dialog: boy.
text: They sit and Parcher begins to take food from the basket.
text: Dobie looks up at the sun through the gnarled branches of the
text: elder. We hear the CREAK of twisting ropes.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Great god amighty, is that coconut?
text: Parcher pulls a cake from the picnic basket.
speaker_heading: DOBIE
dialog: Mom got it special.
speaker_heading: GERTRUDE
dialog: I baked it. The coconut came from
dialog: back East.
text: Parcher looks at the cake, then at Gertrude.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Ten years back, not a mile from
dialog: here, I had to eat horse to
dialog: survive.
text: Dobie is impressed.
speaker_heading: GERTRUDE
dialog: That's disgusting.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: It wasn't my horse. Point is,
dialog: we're here now eating coconut cake.
dialog: Right civilized country.
text: Parcher cuts himself a slice that encompasses nearly a
dialog: quarter of the cake.
speaker_heading: GERTRUDE
dialog: We have chicken and cornbread.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: I know it. I'll attend to that
text: cornbread directly.
text: Parcher takes an enormous bite of cake, smearing his
text: moustache with icing.
speaker_heading: DOBIE
dialog: There's a rider.
text: Dobie points. Parcher gets to his feet and squints. A MAN
text: ON A HORSE gallops towards them, half a mile away.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Listen, cowboy, how ‘bout taking
dialog: your mother in the house.
speaker_heading: DOBIE
dialog: He's got a funny hat. I think it's
dialog: your ranch-hand, Mr. Dutch.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Anybody can wear a funny hat and
dialog: that ain't Sunday riding. Take
dialog: your mother inside.
speaker_heading: GERTRUDE
dialog: Let's go, Dobie.
text: Parcher SNAPS the cover guard off of his revolver. Dobie
text: turns and looks. Parcher sees the boy eyeing the gun and
text: grins a little bit.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Go on.
text: Dobie and Gertrude hurry toward the house. Parcher, icing
text: smeared on his moustache, squints into the distance.
scene_heading: EXT. DAKOTA BADLANDS- DAY
text: We reveal the rider: Dutch. He drives his horse through the
text: knee-high grass towards Parcher, a half-mile distant.
scene_heading: EXT. THE SPACKS HOUSE- DAY
text: Dutch rears his frothing horse to a halt in the shade of the
text: box elder and dismounts a few feet from parcher. Dobie and
text: Gertrude are specks in the grass halfway back to the House.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Dutch, god damnit, I was having a
dialog: picnic.
speaker_heading: DUTCH (BREATHLESS)
dialog: Indians. They killed... Here.
text: Dutch fishes a many-folded square of paper from his pocket
text: and hands it to Parcher. Scrawled in grease pencil-
scene_heading: “INDIAN MASSACRE AT WASHBURNER CRICK. WILLIAMS FAMILY DEAD.
scene_heading: STEWART FAMILY KIDNAPPED, 6 MISSING. FETCHING HENRY V.
speaker_heading: - CLAY"
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: It's from Mr. Clay. They took
dialog: Maryanne... her whole family...
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: I can read. Jesus. Indians kill
dialog: them little Williams girls, too?
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: Yes... no. Mr. Williams did. And
dialog: then, what is the word...
text: Dutch pantomimes shooting himself in the mouth.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Suicide.
text: Dutch points at Parcher, exactly.
scene_heading: INT. GERTRUDE'S PARLOR- DAY
text: Dutch thirstily drains a glass of water, jams his derby back
text: onto his head. The parlor is sparse, Victorian, dusty.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: ...If we're dealing with Crow or
dialog: Ute, Dobie could see things a boy
dialog: shouldn't have to.
text: Parcher perches on a stool, pulling on his boots. Gertrude
text: watches Dobie tie provision onto two horses outside.
speaker_heading: GERTRUDE
dialog: I've made up my mind, Will.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: You've already lost a man to the
dialog: Indians, I don't want to take
dialog: another.
speaker_heading: GERTRUDE
dialog: I don't have a man in this house,
dialog: I've got a boy. You take him to
dialog: Washburne Crick and bring him back
dialog: and maybe I'll have two.
text: Parcher's pleased with this. Gertrude turns to Dutch.
speaker_heading: GERTRUDE
dialog: Would you like more water?
text: Dutch shakes his head.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: We have to go.
dialog: 11.
text: Dobie enters from the front porch, dressed in brand-new
text: riding clothes. He's Christmas-morning excited.
speaker_heading: DOBIE
text: The horses are ready.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Then let's get to it.
text: Gertrude takes Dobie's head, kisses his forehead.
speaker_heading: GERTRUDE
dialog: Be good. Mr. Parcher’s lived
dialog: through everything this country
dialog: could throw at him. You stay close
dialog: and mind him, and you'll be fine.
dialog: (then, to Parcher-)
dialog: And you, too.
text: She kisses him lightly on the cheek. Parcher mugs pleased
text: shock before leaning to kiss her back. She shoves him off.
speaker_heading: GERTRUDE
dialog: When you get back.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Yes, ma'am.
text: Parcher and Dobie eye each other significantly, both happy
text: and uncomfortable. Dutch puts down his empty water glass.
scene_heading: EXT. WASHBURNE CRICK- DAY
text: Dutch stands in the open doorway of the empty Stewart house,
text: looking in. The Williams house is open behind him, no sign
text: of Parcher or Dobie. Dutch walks around the house and
text: notices a SHADOW on the edge of the settlement, past the
text: barn, a dark circle in the grass. He walks over to it.
text: A CIRCULAR DEPRESSION about four feet across, the grass
text: pushed aside and collapsed, the earth beneath it churned.
text: Hundreds of ANTS crawl around in the soil.
text: Dutch crouches and presses his fingers into the circle. They
text: sink easily into the dirt.
scene_heading: INT. THE WILLIAMS HOUSE- DAY
text: In the dimmed light, Parcher and Dobie cover their mouths
text: with dust cloths. Out of focus, DEEP CRIMSON stains the walls
text: and ceiling behind them. Parcher crouches over MRS. WILLIAMS'
speaker_heading: DEAD BODY-
dialog: 12.
text: A matronly corpse, shotgunned. The neck and chest are roughly
text: buckshot-torn, her arm nearly separated. There's very little
text: blood, just the raspberry chew of the wound.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: She should have bled out more.
dialog: Same with the girls.
speaker_heading: DOBIE
dialog: Ida and Daphne... I think those
dialog: where their names.
text: Dobie can't help but glance through the doorway into the
dialog: girls' bedroom where lie-
text: The TWO DEAD WILLIAMS GIRLS. Small nightshirt-clad bodies
text: twisted in sheets torn and singed by buckshot. Remarkably
text: little blood. Child flesh chewed like ground chuck. Dobie
text: is close to retching. These are far from the first corpses
text: Parcher’s seen. Any concern he shows is for Dobie, almost
dialog: like a kind uncle.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: You want to wait outside?
speaker_heading: DOBIE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Good. I wonder...
text: Parcher looks at a GASH in Mrs. Williams' neck, a good eight
text: inches above any shotgun damage. It's about an inch across
text: and six inches long. It sinks over half an inch into her
text: neck, but doesn't appear to have bled.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: What kind of weapon makes a wound
dialog: like that? A chisel? Some kind of
dialog: wood plane?
text: As he talks, Dobie turns and looks at the source of all that
text: crimson behind them.
text: MR. WILLIAMS' HEADLESS CORPSE on the rough floorboards by the
text: fireplace, the shotgun he used to decapitate himself lying
text: between his curled hands.
dialog: And BLOOD. Unlike his wife and girls, there was no shortage
text: of the stuff inside Dad. It marks the wall and ceiling
text: behind him, Jackson-Pollock style.
text: Dobie stares at the twin barrel of the bloody shotgun.
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: DOBIE
text: That gun only fires twice.
dialog: (Parcher waits for him)
dialog: ...-He would have had to reload. To
dialog: kill everybody.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: ...If it was Appaches or Crow, any
dialog: Christian woman would prefer dying
dialog: to capture. If Mr. Williams had
dialog: time to reload, it's because his
dialog: wife gave it to him.
text: Dobie looks at the ground.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: If it came to that, I hope you'd be
dialog: strong enough to take care of your
dialog: mother.
text: Dobie stares into the bedroom, at the little girls’ corpses.
speaker_heading: DOBIE
dialog: Alright.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Our pity belongs to the Stewart
dialog: family, they're still alive and
dialog: captive...
speaker_heading: DUTCH (0.S., INTERRUPTING)
dialog: Mr. Parcher! Mr. Clay's coming!
scene_heading: EXT. WASHBURNE CRICK, YARD- DAY
text: Dutch stares to the horizon. TWO DOZEN RIDERS approach.
text: Parcher and Dobie emerge from the Williams house. Parcher
text: uncorks some whisky and squints at the approaching riders.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: He find Henry Victor?
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: Yeah, and near thirty bluecoats.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Mighty Christ. That cock-sure
dialog: little shit’s brought the whole
dialog: fort.
text: Dutch sees Dobie, his eyes red-rimmed and glassy. Dutch
text: touches the boy's shoulder.
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: You alright?
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Get off the boy, he's fine.
text: Dutch withdraws his hand. Parcher drinks some whisky.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: I found something.
scene_heading: EXT. WASHBURNE CRICK, BEHIND THE BARN- DAY
text: Parcher, crouching before the circle, sinks his hand into the
text: softened earth up to his wrist. Dutch and Dobie hover behind
text: him. The two dozen RIDERS approach in the distance.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: I s'pose... a wallowing buffalo
dialog: coulda done this.
text: He smells the dirt on his finger.
text: Clay, at the head of the dozen riders, reigns his horse to a
text: stop a few yards behind Parcher.
text: HENRY VICTOR stops his own horse beside him. He’s 40 years
text: old, a thin, tall dandy with a doughboy face and sharp,
text: arrogant eyes; the spoiled child of a Texan war hero. He
text: wears military blue and Lieutenant's stripes.
speaker_heading: HENRY VICTOR
dialog: Looks like you found yourself a
text: hole in the ground, Will.
text: There’s an old rivalry between them. Parcher stands to face
text: the mounted men as a half dozen of H.V.'s BLUECOATS arrive
text: behind them. Parcher grins at the insult, brushing the ants
text: from his hand.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: That and four corpses. And six
dialog: missing. Most of those being women
dialog: and children.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: I’ll get the horses.
text: Dutch starts back towards the yard, H.V. stops him.
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: HENRY VICTOR
dialog: Hold up now. This is my command, I
dialog: gotta know who we’re hunting. How
dialog: long have the Indians had them?
text: Clay looks annoyed at H.V.’s obvious, arrogant pleasure at
text: exercising authority.
text: The Bluecoats behind him are soldiers, between the ages of 15
text: and 30. Other Bluecoats ride into the settlement below.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
text: Near a day now.
speaker_heading: HENRY VICTOR
dialog: That's more than long enough for
dialog: those women to’ve been...
text: Dobie looks at Parcher, long enough for what? Dutch looks
text: sick with H.V.’s implication.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: We should go. The longer we wait-
speaker_heading: HENRY VICTOR
dialog: You want to go face an Indian war
dialog: party on your lonesome?
text: Dutch clenches his fists, looks to Clay for support. Clay
text: shakes his head, no.
speaker_heading: HENRY VICTOR
dialog: You go off alone, those blanket
dialog: heads will peel you like an orange.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Maryanne is lukewarm on you with
dialog: your skin on, Dutch. Follow along,
dialog: we'll do this thing right.
speaker_heading: HENRY VICTOR (TO PARCHER)
dialog: You think it's the Sioux?
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: I'd incline to guess Apache or
dialog: Commanche. Got a family suicide,
dialog: leads me believe the tribe'd have a
dialog: right smart reputation for torture.
speaker_heading: HENRY VICTOR
dialog: The Sioux understand torture.
dialog: 16.
text: His intonation almost sounds like a cruel, inappropriate
text: joke. At any rate, a few of the Bluecoats SNICKER.
scene_heading: EXT. WASHBURNE CRICK, YARD- DAY
text: Dutch, Parcher, and Clay stride quickly across the yard,
text: leading H.V. towards the Williams house.
text: Dutch eyes the approaching open door warily, a little sick.
text: It's so quiet that we can just hear the FLIES inside.
text: They pass a young black man leaning against the Williams'
text: house porch railing, "WALNUT" CALLAGHAN, (late 20's.)
text: Callaghan wears a worn bluecoat jacket, but the rest of his
dialog: clothes are catch-as-catch-can.
text: Dutch slows, he's not happy to be walking back into a
dialog: slaughterhouse.
text: Parcher, Clay, and H.V. pass the BLUECOAT LIEUTENANT standing
text: watch at the door and enter the Williams' house. Dutch
text: lingers on the porch. H.V. looks back at him.
speaker_heading: HENRY VICTOR
dialog: Your Occidental isn't coming in?
text: Dutch shakes his head, close to puking. H.V. smirks and lets
text: the door shut.
text: Dutch walks back out into the dirt patch and puts his hands
text: on his knees. The nausea passes and he spits, looks out at
text: the horizon. Callaghan sits nearby.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: You alright, man?
speaker_heading: DUTCH (SHAKING HIS HEAD)
dialog: We should be going after them.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: Did you know these people?
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: I do. I know the Stewarts.
text: Dutch removes the rolled-up photo of the Stewarts from his
text: vest and hands it to Callaghan. He points at Maryanne.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: That’s Maryanne.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: She yours?
dialog: 17.
text: Dutch shakes his head, no.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: I was working on it.
scene_heading: EXT. WASHBURNE CRICK, LANDSCAPE- DAY
text: We see the small cluster of homes overrun with Bluecoats,
text: surrounded by an ocean of grass. We MOVE THROUGH the grass,
text: as if following something stalking the settlement...
scene_heading: EXT. WASHBURNE CRICK, THE WILLIAMS HOUSE- DAY
text: Dobie has joined Dutch and Callaghan by the porch. Dutch
text: finishes rolling a cigarette and hands it to the boy.
text: H.V. SLAMS the door of the Williams House open, startling
text: Dutch to his feet. Fuming, H.V. stalks across the porch,
dialog: says to the nearest Bluecoat-
speaker_heading: HENRY VICTOR
dialog: Send a scout to Fort Lincoln. Tell
dialog: them to wagon up the gatlin and
dialog: meet us at the reservation.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: Are we going?
speaker_heading: CLAY (0.S.)
dialog: Not yet.
text: Clay and Parcher emerge from the house.
speaker_heading: CLAY
dialog: Not till we put the Williams below
dialog: ground. I christened those little
dialog: girls, and I intend to give them a
dialog: Christian burial.
speaker_heading: DOBIE
dialog: But the Stewarts are...
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: We go off on horses that ain’t been
dialog: rested, we won’t make it ten miles.
dialog: We got time for a burial.
text: Dutch clenches his fists, knows Parcher’s right. Dobie’s
text: edging towards his horse and Dutch stops him.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: Let’s get the grain.
dialog: 18.
text: Dutch turns to attend to the horses. As Dobie starts to
text: follow, Parcher takes the cigarette from him and smokes it.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: No reason to route the heathen if
dialog: we're going to act like him.
scene_heading: EXT. WASHBURNE CRICK, GRAVES-— DAY
text: Two dozen BLUECOATS, Parcher, Dutch, Dobie, Callaghan, and
text: H.V. before four open graves. Clay, at the head-
speaker_heading: CLAY
dialog: God tests us, and when he takes the
dialog: innocent, shows us we've failed.
dialog: Jesus on the mount said that the
dialog: meek would inherit the earth, and
dialog: there they are, down init. I
dialog: believe that was as much a
dialog: commandment as a beatitude.
text: Throughout the sermon, Dutch seems distracted, anxious to get
text: on the trail. He looks out at the plains.
speaker_heading: CLAY
dialog: On that same mount, Jesus said,
dialog: "blessed are the peacemakers, for
dialog: they shall be called the children
dialog: of God." We need to be those
dialog: children. We got to work to make
dialog: the earth a fit place for the meek.
dialog: May God give the Williams family
dialog: peace and paradise where we could
dialog: not. And give us the wisdom and
dialog: perseverance to carry on until
dialog: we've finished His work. Amen.
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: Amen.
text: Clay looks at the crowd for a moment. Dutch puts on his hat,
text: ready to leave. The Bluecoats move to disperse.
text: Clay launches into a hymn, "Alas, and Did My Savior Bleed-"
text: Dutch takes his hat back off, the Bluecoats get back in line.
speaker_heading: CLAY (SINGING)
dialog: Alas, and did my savior bleed,
dialog: And did my sovereign die.
dialog: Would he devote that sacred head,
dialog: For such a worm as I?
dialog: 19.
text: The others join in. H.V. sings reverently. Dobie sings with
text: his eyes closed. Bluecoats do the best they can.
text: Dutch HUMS along. He notices an INDIAN standing among H.V.'s
text: bluecoats. This is TEN BEAR, Crow Tribe, dressed in a
text: scout's mixture of Indian and Bluecoat garb. He sings along
text: perfectly. Dutch gawks.
text: Ten Bear feels Dutch's eyes and meets his gaze.
scene_heading: EXT. PLAINS- AFTERNOON
text: Hundreds of hooves THUNDER over the plains. We still hear
text: the HYMN being sung. Riders are scattered over an acre.
text: Clay, Parcher, and Dobie ride grouped together. The Bluecoats
text: ride in rough formation. Dutch is driving the mess wagon.
text: H.V. rides at the head with Ten Bear.
speaker_heading: GROUP (SINGING)
dialog: Thy body slain, sweet Jesus, thine,
text: And bathed in its own blood.
text: While the firm mark of wraith divine,
text: His soul, in anguish stood...
text: As the post-lapped HYMN ends-
speaker_heading: CLAY
dialog: Damnation. We ain't going to find
dialog: kidnapped whites on a reservation.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: I know it.
speaker_heading: CLAY
dialog: I ain't set to waste my time while
text: they're scalping the men and raping
dialog: our women.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: We're about a day's ride shy of the
dialog: Hunkpapa trail to Canada. S'where
dialog: I'd be headed if I was a band of
dialog: fugitive Indians.
text: Clay nods, thinking. Dobie listens attentively.
speaker_heading: CLAY
dialog: We could set off alone.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: I'm chewing the same cud, but
dialog: there'd only be four of us.
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: CLAY
dialog: We have to find the Stewarts. If we
dialog: can do that with Henry Victor's
dialog: help, fine. If not, fine.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: -.-I guess you’ve had every chance
dialog: to and ain't killed us yet. Though
dialog: what we'd do if-
text: Jump scare- Parcher suddenly LURCHES forward, his horse
text: SCREAMS and stumbles, nearly throwing him. Clay’s reigns in
text: his own horse and grabs the lead of Parcher’s, steadying the
text: animal as Parcher jumps clear.
speaker_heading: DOBIE
dialog: Mr. Parcher! What...
text: Parcher gathers his wits.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: S'alright, Dobie. Must of stepped
text: in a prairie dog hole.
text: Parcher puts a calming hand on his horse’s muzzle.
speaker_heading: PARCHER (TO THE HORSE)
dialog: There you go. S’alright...
speaker_heading: CLAY
dialog: How’s that leg?
text: Parcher crouches and examines the fetlock.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
text: A little blood, but she’s standing
dialog: alright.
dialog: (to Dobie)
dialog: Hey, Cowboy, hump on ahead, see how
dialog: much further we're gonna press
dialog: before camp.
speaker_heading: DOBIE
dialog: Yessir.
text: Parcher stands as Dobie spurs his horse forward. Once he's
text: out of earshot-
speaker_heading: CLAY
dialog: Why do you spend so much time
dialog: rubbing that boy's belly? He
dialog: already thinks you're Jesus
dialog: Crocket.
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: I'm courtin' his mother.
text: Parcher climbs up onto his horse.
speaker_heading: CLAY
dialog: That's Gertrude Spacks' boy?
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: CLAY
dialog: Skinny woman.
text: Parcher looks at him. A beat.
speaker_heading: CLAY (BONE DRY)
dialog: Might as well just poke the boy.
text: A beat. The first joke Clay’s made in months. Parcher laughs.
text: Clay lets himself smile, they spur their horses forward.
text: We TILT DOWN to what neither man saw, the “prairie dog hole”
text: that Parcher’s horse stepped in. Beneath the grass, the hole
text: is blood-colored, filled with dim GORE and shards of broken
scene_heading: RIB-BONES...
scene_heading: ACROSS THE GROUP
text: Dutch, driving the mess wagon, nods to Callaghan as he
text: passes. The young black man veers his horse closer.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: Who is Henry Victor's Indian?
text: Callaghan looks towards the head of the group, where Ten Bear
text: gestures and talks low to H.V.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: Ten Bear. He's a Crow Indian. And
dialog: the man's paid for his work and
dialog: free to leave.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: So he don't belong to Henry Victor.
speaker_heading: BLACK BLUECOAT(O.S.)
dialog: Walnut!
dialog: 22.
text: Callaghan looks over. A BLACK BLUECOAT, several years
dialog: Callaghan's junior,
speaker_heading: BLACK BLUECOAT
text: Mr. Victor's canteen's dry.
text: Callaghan nods. The Black Bluecoat veers off.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: He called you Walnut.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: Yeah he did.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: Thinks he's better'n me 'cause
dialog: nobody ever owned him. I'm not
dialog: enlisted. I cook for Fort Lincoln
dialog: but I'm paid and I can leave any
dialog: time. Understand?
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: Sure.
dialog: (uncomfortable beat.)
dialog: ..-How are you called?
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: My name's Callaghan.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: Callaghan. I am Martin Van
dialog: Leijderova.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: Shit, man, I can't say that.
text: Dutch reaches out his hand. Callaghan shakes it, laughing.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: I am also called Dutch.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: Good to meet you.
text: AT THE FRONT OF THE GROUP
text: Dobie rides past Bluecoats and forward to where H.V. takes a
text: pair of binoculars from Ten Bear.
dialog: 23.
text: H.V. points out something straight ahead to two BLUECOAT
text: LIEUTENANTS. The Lieutenants nod and head back to their
text: squads. Ten Bear hands H.V. a rifle. H.V. sees Dobie-
speaker_heading: HENRY VICTOR
dialog: Take a look yonder.
text: Dobie squints into the distance. A SHAPE in the grass.
speaker_heading: DOBIE
dialog: Is that a horse?
text: He hands Dobie the binoculars. Dobie peers through-
scene_heading: DOBIE'S TELEPHOTO POV- A MINECONJOU INDIAN, dismounted from
text: his HORSE, walking in small, irregular circles and staring at
dialog: the ground.
text: The Mineconjou glances up, looking almost directly at Dobie,
text: then continues his search of the ground.
speaker_heading: DOBIE
dialog: He's seen us.
speaker_heading: HENRY VICTOR
dialog: You think I don’t know that?
speaker_heading: DOBIE
dialog: Then why ain't he run?
text: ACROSS THE PLAINS- TWO COLUMNS of BLUECOATS, six men each,
text: break free of the group and CHARGE, galloping across the
text: plains towards the lone Indian.
text: DOBIE'S TELEPHOTO POV- The Indian sees the charging soldiers.
text: He runs for his horse, a spotted mustang.
text: The Mineconjou prepares to jump on his horse, as-—
text: H.V. raises the rifle to his shoulder, takes aim... CRACK.
text: DOBIE'S POV- the horse jerks with the rifle's impact and
text: twists sideways, falling to the ground.
text: ACROSS THE PLAINS- The Indian jumps away from the falling
text: beast as it kicks and pumps blood. The two columns of riders
text: race towards him, flanking him North and South, closing in
text: like pincers.
text: The Indian turns and sprints West, tearing on foot through
text: the tall grass. The two columns of mounted soldiers close
text: in, hooves THUNDER.
dialog: 24.
text: The SOUTHERN COLUMN sweeps in first, scooping around the
text: Indian. He stops running and draws a knife.
text: He turns away from the Southern Column just in time for the
text: lead horse of the NORTHERN COLUMN to arrive, the mounted
text: Bluecoat swinging his rifle like a club-
text: CHUNK. The Indian catches the rifle flat across the side of
text: his head. His feet leave earth, he pinwheels through the
text: air, head trailing blood, and SLAMS into the ground.
scene_heading: EXT. PLAINS CAMP— LATE AFTERNOON
text: Clay crouches over the horse H.V. shot. Nearby, two
text: BLUECOATS bind the Indian's hands to a wagon wheel. Blood
text: leaks from the Indian's brow. Ten Bear crouches in front of
text: him, MURMURING at the captive.
text: Parcher looks at the Indian; Dobie and Dutch stand nearby,
text: staring. H.V. stands in the center, well-satisfied.
speaker_heading: CLAY
dialog: You didn't have to shoot his horse.
speaker_heading: HENRY VICTOR
dialog: Christ, you gonna make us bury
dialog: that, too?
text: Clay stands and H.V. crosses to Ten Bear.
speaker_heading: HENRY VICTOR
dialog: What does he say?
speaker_heading: TEN BEAR
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: HENRY VICTOR
dialog: Ask what he was looking for in the
dialog: grass.
text: Ten Bear leans in close and MURMURS words to the Indian,
text: making signs with his hands. No response.
text: Dutch pulls the photo of the Stewarts from his vest and hands
text: it to Clay. Clay nods and crouches next to Ten Bear, showing
text: the photo to the captive. To Parcher-
speaker_heading: CLAY
dialog: Ask him.
text: Parcher speaks in sub-titled Sioux, making signs with his
text: hands as he speaks.
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: PARCHER (SIOUX, S.T.)
dialog: <We need to find these white
dialog: people. Bad Indians took. You help,
dialog: we let you go.>
text: No response. Clay stands, annoyed.
speaker_heading: CLAY
dialog: We don't have time for this. Let's
dialog: keep moving.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: <You Blackfoot? Minneconjou?>
dialog: (no response)
dialog: <Minneconjou, I think. Look like
dialog: Bull Bear.>
text: The Indian looks up sharply.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: <But you no Bull Bear. Bull Bear
dialog: dead. I bury him.>
text: Parcher nods, offers a friendly grin.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: <You Dull Knife. Son of Bull Bear.>
text: The Indian, DULL KNIFE, stares at Parcher a few moments and
text: then drops his gaze. Parcher stands-
speaker_heading: PARCHER
text: His name's Dull Knife.
speaker_heading: CLAY
dialog: Carrying a prisoner's gonna slow us.
speaker_heading: HENRY VICTOR
dialog: I'd rather walk in the right
dialog: direction than run with my head up
dialog: my ass. We're running short of
dialog: daylight, we'll camp here.
speaker_heading: CLAY
dialog: We're wasting time we ain't got,
dialog: Henry. You know what's happening
dialog: to those Stewart girls right now?
text: Dutch looks sick. Clay presses the Stewart photo into H.V.'s
text: hands. H.V. is suddenly very conscious of the Bluecoats
text: nearby, watching.
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: HENRY VICTOR
dialog: This isn't your outfit, Clay. If we
dialog: need to raise any pigs, we’ll ask
dialog: your advice. But renegade Indians
dialog: are my job.
speaker_heading: CLAY
dialog: If men like me and Will Parcher
dialog: hadn't cleared this land of
dialog: Indians, men like you would be dead
dialog: on a spit and you know it.
speaker_heading: HENRY VICTOR
dialog: These soldiers are under my
dialog: authority. Mine. So long as you
dialog: ride with us, you are, too.
text: He tries to hand the family photo back to Clay, who lets it
text: drop in the grass. Dutch appeals to Clay-
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: We’re not gonna stop...?
speaker_heading: CLAY
dialog: That Indian doesn't know shit and
dialog: wouldn't talk if he did.
speaker_heading: HENRY VICTOR (SMILING)
dialog: He'll talk.
text: Dutch picks the Stewart family photo out of the grass and
text: puts it back in his vest.
scene_heading: EXT. PLAINS CAMP- NIGHT
text: off-screen, Dull Knife SCREAMS. It's dinner time. None of
text: the Bluecoats look up from their plates or away from their
text: conversations, they've grown used to the sound.
text: Scattered CAMPFIRES. Men eat sociably, drink coffee.
scene_heading: WE MOVE TO-
text: Parcher, Clay, H.V., and Dobie sitting in a group near the
text: campfire, finishing dinner. 0.S., Dull Knife SCREAMS. Only
text: Dobie looks over.
scene_heading: WE MOVE TO-
text: Dutch moving through the Bluecoats, trying to see what's
text: happening to Dull Knife.
dialog: 27.
text: Ten Bear is crouching in front of the bound Minneconjou, on
text: the edge of the firelight, doing something to the soles of
text: Dull Knife's feet. Dutch moves tangent to the two Indians,
text: circling around, trying to see what Ten Bear is doing. Dull
text: Knife SCREAMS. The cry echoes across the plains, no reaction
dialog: from the Bluecoats.
text: Ten Bear pulls a SMALL NOB away from Dull Knife's foot and
text: sets it on the ground, something pale with a dark, shiny
text: gloss. It could be metal, or it could be bone.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN (0O.S. )
dialog: You don't want to see that.
text: Callaghan touches Dutch's shoulder and he jumps.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: Walnut! ...Sorry. Callaghan, I
dialog: mean. ...Has he talked?
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: Nah. Ain't even the point. Ten Bear
dialog: stopped asking questions a half
dialog: hour back. Come get some coffee.
text: They walk towards the mess wagon. Callaghan pats his leg.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: I was born with this leg gimp,
text: flesh all withered and shrunk. Mr.
dialog: Callaghan, the man that owned my
dialog: mother named me Walnut because he
dialog: thought I looked like one. I ain't
dialog: partial to the name.
text: They arrive at the wagon, Callaghan pours coffee. Dull
text: Knife's SCREAMS dies down to pained BREATHING.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: I can't see anything wrong with
dialog: your leg.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: It's weak. Hurts most of the time.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: --.-I don't like Henry Victor.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: The man's a sack of horse-shit.
text: Dutch grins in agreement. Then-
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: I'm Belgian. But they thought I
dialog: was German on Ellis Island, so they
dialog: put my name down as "Dutch."
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: What the hell kind of sense does
dialog: that make?
text: Dutch shakes his head.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: You come to this country alone?
speaker_heading: DUTCH (SHAKING HIS HEAD)
dialog: I had a sister; the boat killed her
dialog: and we put her in the water. All I
dialog: kept of hers was a... I don’t know
dialog: the English... a “broche.”
text: Dutch gestures at his chest, shaping a brooch.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: -..I gave it to Maryanne Stewart.
text: He looks at the ground. A beat.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: I barely knew her but... I thought
dialog: she might...
text: Dutch swallows, takes a breath. Callaghan fills space-
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: Tell me your real name again.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: Van Martjin Leijderova.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: Shit. You want more coffee, Dutch?
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: Yeah.
text: Dutch glances over towards Dull Knife. He sits alone, bound
text: to the wagon wheel, feet covered in bloody rags.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: He’s give up for the night, praise
dialog: God.
dialog: (considers, then-)
dialog: Shit. I hope this gets me fired.
dialog: 29.
text: Callaghan grabs the bowl of scraps and carries it over to
text: Dull Knife. He sets it on the ground next to him.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: Go on, you can eat. It's alright.
text: Dull Knife looks at the bowl of food, he wants it badly. He
text: looks at Callaghan. His eyes narrow, somewhere between
text: menace and pity.
speaker_heading: DULL KNIFE (SIOUX, SUBTTLED)
dialog: <You’1ll be awake in your grave.
dialog: You’1l be alive when they feed.>
text: Callaghan furrows his brow, doesn’t understand. He nudges
text: the bowl of food again.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: Go on, eat.
text: No reaction from Dull Knife. Callaghan SIGHS and walks back
text: towards the Wagon, where Dutch drinks coffee.
speaker_heading: HENRY VICTOR (0.S.)
dialog: Walnut! My tobacco's dry!
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: I got it.
text: Dutch grabs a sack of tobacco and walks towards the fire.
speaker_heading: BY THE FIRE
text: Parcher, Dobie, Clay, H.V., and a half-dozen BLUECOATS sit.
text: They're drinking whiskey, coffee, they're rolling cigarettes.
text: Dutch approaches. H.V. sees him.
speaker_heading: HENRY VICTOR
dialog: Where's Walnut?
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: I brought tobacco.
speaker_heading: HENRY VICTOR
dialog: Much obliged.
text: H.V. takes the sack with one hand while he fishes in his vest
text: with the other, pulling out a small TOBACCO POUCH that he
text: tosses to Parcher. It looks like shriveled leather.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: What the hell is this?
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: HENRY VICTOR
dialog: Tobacco pouch.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: It's ugly as shit.
speaker_heading: HENRY VICTOR
text: Came off an Injun. Big buck named
dialog: Sackatabacky.
text: A few Bluecoats LAUGH.
speaker_heading: CLAY
dialog: Oh, Jesus Christ.
text: Parcher throws the shriveled tobacco pouch back to H.V., who
text: fills it as he tells a story, excessively proud-
speaker_heading: HENRY VICTOR
dialog: My daddy was one of the men behind
dialog: the rifles that held off the Sioux
text: at the battle for New Ulm.
text: H.V. meaningfully shakes the pouch.
speaker_heading: HENRY VICTOR
dialog: Henry Victor senior cut this off
dialog: one of them Indians. Lends the
dialog: tobacco a sweetness I've grown
dialog: right partial to.
speaker_heading: DOBIE
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: It's a scrotum, Dobie.
text: Dobie reacts. H.V. turns his attention to the boy.
speaker_heading: HENRY VICTOR
dialog: You know the story of New Ulm, boy?
speaker_heading: DOBIE
dialog: Yessir. My father died there.
speaker_heading: HENRY VICTOR
dialog: Well alright then. Did you know it
dialog: was more American civilians than
dialog: ever died in anything else? Not a
dialog: soldier among ‘em. Six hundred
dialog: dead by the lowest count.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: HENRY VICTOR (cont'd)
dialog: The Sioux knew they couldn't face
dialog: the army, so they attacked a town
dialog: of unarmed farmers, women,
dialog: children.
text: H.V. is condescending, tells the story like Sunday School.
text: He licks, seals, and lights a scrotal-tobacco cigarette.
speaker_heading: DOBIE
dialog: Yessir, I heard that.
speaker_heading: HENRY VICTOR
dialog: I hope you know your daddy died
dialog: noble. I'll raise a drink to him
dialog: and every man at this fire. We'll
dialog: make sure we never see anything
dialog: like that in this country again.
speaker_heading: CLAY
dialog: I'll drink to it.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Any reason's a good one.
text: They raise flasks and enamel mugs, and drink.
text: They fall respectfully quiet. The sudden silence reveals a
text: SLURPING and CHEWING. They all look over, to-
text: Dull Knife, hungrily shoveling scraps from the bowl and into
text: his mouth. H.V. exhales smoke.
speaker_heading: HENRY VICTOR
dialog: Who fed my Indian?
text: He stands, strides across the camp, and kicks the bowl out of
text: Dull Knife's hands. Scraps fly.
speaker_heading: HENRY VICTOR
dialog: We don't find those settlers ‘til
dialog: he talks, so he don't eat ‘til he
text: talks. WHO FED MY GODDAMNED INDIAN?
text: H.V. kicks Dull Knife in the Stomach, doubling him over.
text: Chewed food flies from his mouth. H.V. picks up a loose
text: stirrup, a metal buckle on two feet of leather strap, an
text: impromptu LASH. Everybody watches him, Parcher and Clay get
text: to their feet.
speaker_heading: HENRY VICTOR
dialog: Walnut? Where are you?
text: Walnut is absent. H.V. is rabid. Several tense moments, then-
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: -..I fed him.
text: Everybody turns to look at Dutch. H.V. stalks towards Dutch
text: with the stirrup / lash. He raises his arm...
speaker_heading: HENRY VICTOR
dialog: You ignorant son of a bitch...
speaker_heading: CLAY
dialog: Henry.
text: H.V. looks over. Clay has a hand on his gun. H.V.
dialog: considers, then.
speaker_heading: HENRY VICTOR
dialog: ...-You raise that gun and all four
dialog: of you'll be on ropes in an hour.
text: Clay stands holding his gun. H.V. stands holding his lash.
text: Dutch looks like he's about to piss. Parcher gets up.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Christ, Henry, he was just gonna
dialog: shoot you a little bit. And if
dialog: Dutch fed him the same shit your
dialog: cook fed us, he ain't no happier'n
dialog: he was ‘fore he et. Leave it rest.
speaker_heading: HENRY VICTOR
dialog: This is my command. Mine. I can't
dialog: have my authority undermined.
speaker_heading: PARCHER(TO DUTCH)
dialog: Apologize to the man for
text: undermining him.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: I am sorry.
text: With his accent, it's hard to suss his sincerity. H.V. spits
text: and shakes his head. To a Lieutenant-
speaker_heading: HENRY VICTOR
text: Bugle taps, we're bedding down. I
dialog: want a three man watch until dawn.
dialog: I want guns on the night. Anybody
text: tries to sneak back into camp,
dialog: anything moves, kill it.
dialog: 33.
scene_heading: TIME LAPSE- EXT. PLAINS CAMP-— NIGHT
text: The Bluecoats and cowboys wrapped in their blankets, asleep
text: in small groups. Soft SNORES, the RUSTLING grass.
text: A soft RATTLE rolls across the plains, like the largo
text: creaking of an ungreased door. Almost a PURR. Dutch lies
text: awake in his blankets, staring at the sky.
text: A BLUECOAT SENTRY slouched by the fire struggles to keep his
text: eyes open, leaning on his rifle. The RATTLING PURR laps
text: against him, each swell tugging him towards sleep. The soft
text: PURR rises again, the Sentry's eyes close.
text: A BLUECOAT LIEUTENANT sleeps on his side on the edge of camp,
text: spooning with his rifle.
text: Dutch looks over the camp. Everybody else is asleep.
text: Except Dull Knife. He sits awake, eyes sunken, desperate.
text: He stares at the plains, watching the slowly waving grass.
text: Dutch lies back down, watching Dull Knife. Dull Knife's eyes
text: shine in the campfire. Dutch closes his eyes.
text: The Bluecoat Lieutenant, sleeping soundly on his side. We
text: move to a short distance away, where a small circle of earth
text: beneath the grass slowly starts to TREMBLE. The circle
text: spreads, blades of grass fall.
text: Five man-shaped FIGURES crawl towards him out of the grass.
text: They slink on all fours, silent. In the starlight and dying
text: campfire embers, we can just barely see their burnt-looking,
text: mottled flesh. Their movement is predatory, inhuman.
text: The Bluecoat Lieutenant doesn't wake up when a TALON, an
text: organic-looking blade touches the hollow between his collar
text: bone and throat.
text: RIIIP- the talon is dragged across the Lieutenant's neck,
text: carving a deep trench in the flesh. The wound is deep but
text: does not bleed, the scarlet blood instantly coagulating.
text: The Lieutenant's eyes open and immediately hands on his body
text: CLAMP DOWN hard, holding him immobile.
text: The Lieutenant's eyes roll wildly. A RETCHING SOUND off
text: screen, a SPLATTER, and then the Lieutenant's face goes
text: slack. His eyes, still conscious, stare ahead.
text: He is completely immobile. A beat. A RATTLING. A PURR.
text: The Lieutenant is abruptly YANKED off-screen.
dialog: 34.
scene_heading: FROM A DISTANCE-
text: Out in the plains, down in the grass, the dwindling campfires
text: offer a rich glow against the waving moonlit grass. SHAPES
text: are being dragged out into the plains, the grass forming V's
text: behind them, like a wake in water.
scene_heading: CUT TO BLACK
speaker_heading: HENRY VICTOR (0.S.)
dialog: Bullshit! Bullshit! Bullshit!
scene_heading: EXT. PLAINS CAMP—- MORNING
text: Dutch opens his eyes. Most of the Bluecoats are already up.
text: Parcher is drinking coffee, getting his boots on. Dutch sits
text: up. H.V. storms around the camp like a child in a tantrum.
speaker_heading: HENRY VICTOR
dialog: Somebody saw those yellow shit-
dialog: heels desert. I will not god-
dialog: damned believe four men left camp
dialog: and nobody even god-damned stirred.
text: Bluecoats hurry into boots and uniforms. Dutch sees Clay
text: standing nearby, looking out at the grass.
speaker_heading: DUTCH(TO PARCHER)
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: ‘Morning, sweetheart. Henry Victor
dialog: lost some of his boys last night.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: That's the question.
speaker_heading: CLAY
dialog: Somebody dragged ‘em off.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: The Indian didn't sleep. Dull
dialog: Knife.
scene_heading: TIME LAPSE- ACROSS CAMP— MORNING
text: Dull Knife stares at the ground, beaten and exhausted.
text: Parcher and Ten Bear crouch in front of him. Clay watches
text: from nearby, whisky bottle in hand. H.V. paces.
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Shit. You sure you didn't find him
text: out front of a tobacco shop?
text: H.V. snorts. Dutch approaches, tucking in his shirt.
speaker_heading: YOUNG BLUECOAT(0O.S.)
dialog: Sir? Mr. Victor?
text: Henry Victor looks over, a YOUNG BLUECOAT is crouching over
text: one of the missing men's blankets.
speaker_heading: YOUNG BLUECOAT
dialog: There's blood here, I think. Not a
dialog: lot, but...
text: H.V. stalks over, Clay on his heels. There is a six-inch
text: smear of blood on the soldier's gray blankets.
speaker_heading: HENRY VICTOR
dialog: I've bled more from a pulled tooth.
text: He turns and stalks back over to Dull Knife. Clay crouches
text: and examines the blood. Parcher, crouching, speaks
text: conversationally with Dull Knife.
speaker_heading: PARCHER(SIOUX, SUB-TITLED)
dialog: <Know you talk. Seen you talk,
dialog: young boy.>
text: No response from Dull Knife.
text: Henry Victor is livid, his face nearly twitching, staring at
text: Dull Knife. Dull Knife stares back.
text: H.V. steps on one of Dull Knife's bloody feet. Dull Knife
text: SCREAMS through clenched teeth. Dutch turns away, sick.
text: H.V. takes the weight off his foot. Dull Knife PANTS.
speaker_heading: HENRY VICTOR
dialog: What's he got to say now?
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: We already know that don't work.
text: Parcher stands and turns away. Dull Knife catches his breath,
text: then the corner of his mouth twitches, he whispers-—
speaker_heading: DULL KNIFE(SIOUX, SUB-TITLED)
dialog: <I'm glad they like white men,
dialog: too.>
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: HENRY VICTOR
dialog: What was that?
speaker_heading: TEN BEAR
dialog: He says he likes white men.
speaker_heading: DULL KNIFE
dialog: <The Burrowers.>
text: Parcher listens intently.
speaker_heading: TEN BEAR
dialog: He says about another tribe.
dialog: Miners.
speaker_heading: HENRY VICTOR
dialog: Miners? Indian miners?
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: He didn't say "miners." Men mine.
dialog: He used the word for when animals
dialog: dig. Burrow, maybe.
dialog: (To Dull Knife)
dialog: <The tribe Burrowers? Last night?>
speaker_heading: HENRY VICTOR
dialog: Let my buck do his job, Will.
text: Ten Bear leans in close to Dull Knife, cutting off Parcher.
speaker_heading: TEN BEAR
dialog: <Where do we find the Burrowers?>
text: Dull Knife nearly manages a smile despite the pain.
speaker_heading: DULL KNIFE
dialog: <...They'1l find you.>
text: He leans in, whispers just for Ten Bear-
speaker_heading: DULL KNIFE
dialog: <Even if you do taste like white
dialog: man by now.>
text: They lock eyes. Ten Bear grabs Dull Knife's bloody mess of a
text: foot, SQUEEZES. Dull Knife SCREAMS.
text: Clay steps over and SHOVES Ten Bear off with his boot,
text: knocking him to the ground.
speaker_heading: CLAY
dialog: I've finished listening to that
text: Indian scream.
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: HENRY VICTOR
dialog: He's shit-all for information
dialog: anyway. We'll get our answers from
dialog: the reservation.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: This ain't the Sioux, Henry. He
dialog: just said the Burrowers.
speaker_heading: HENRY VICTOR
dialog: I don't have time to be second
dialog: guessed. There's four white women
dialog: out there've probably already...
text: H.V. swallows his last words, grimacing.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: All the more reason we shouldn't be
dialog: looking in the one place we know
dialog: they ain't.
speaker_heading: HENRY VICTOR
dialog: We have to fight the enemy that's
dialog: before us. We're going to the rez.
text: Parcher's about to respond, when,
speaker_heading: DOBIE(0.S.)
dialog: Mr. Parcher!
text: They look over. Dobie is waving from the grass near the edge
text: of camp. Clay and Parcher head over. H.V. moves in the
text: opposite direction, towards his lieutenants.
text: AT THE EDGE OF CAMP-—
text: Parcher crouches over a CIRCULAR INDENTATION of crushed grass
text: next to Dobie, just like at Washburne Crick. Clay continues
text: past the circle, out towards the prairie.
speaker_heading: PARCHER(TO DOBIE)
dialog: What do you think, Cowboy?
speaker_heading: DOBIE
dialog: I dunno, sir.
speaker_heading: CLAY (YELLING)
text: There's another one. A third
dialog: yonder.
text: He points further North. Behind them, H.V.'s Bluecoats are
text: already packing up and heading West. Parcher nods to Clay,
text: showing that he heard the man.
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: PARCHER(TO DOBIE)
dialog: Shitfire. Henry Victor'd rather
dialog: pull fingers off the Sioux than
dialog: follow the trail before us.
speaker_heading: DOBIE
dialog: Sorry, sir?
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: ...I think we're about set to quit
dialog: our military escort.
scene_heading: EXT. SOUTHERN PLAINS— LATE MORNING
text: POUNDING HOOVES. Dutch, Clay, Parcher, and Dobie gallop out
text: through the grass, moving quickly now that they're alone.
text: Dutch looks back at the train of Bluecoats quickly vanishing
text: in the distance.
text: Clay, riding ahead, slows his horse to examine another
text: SHALLOW PIT in a ring of crushed grass.
scene_heading: TIME LAPSE- SOUTHERN PLAINS— AFTERNOON
text: Small, gnarled trees dot the landscape. The four riders cast
text: long shadows, climbing a gentle slope. From a distance, we
dialog: show how tiny they are, how isolated.
scene_heading: EXT. PLAINS CAMP- NIGHT
text: Dutch takes a swig from a bottle of whiskey. The four sit
text: around a campfire, the last scraps of dinner in the enamel
text: pot on the fire's edge. They're unrolling blankets, getting
text: ready for bed, passing the bottle.
text: Dutch shows Dobie how to roll a cigarette.
text: Clay takes an immensely satisfied drink and passes the
text: bottle. Parcher takes it and grins.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Great god a-mighty, I'm tired.
dialog: Ain't been rode this hard since we
dialog: gulched the Darrows.
text: Clay nods and hands him back the bottle. Parcher passes the
text: bottle to Dutch, then nudges Dobie.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
text: On the trail of hostile Indians.
dialog: What do you think, cowboy?
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: DOBIE (SMILING)
dialog: It's alright.
text: Dutch takes a swig and passes, then gets to his feet wearily,
dialog: stretching.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: Excuse me.
text: Scratching his back, he walks away from the fire-
scene_heading: EXT. PLAINS- NIGHT
text: Only a stone's throw from camp, Dutch is already out of the
text: feeble, flickering throw of firelight. We can see how the
text: darkness and endless space makes him nervous.
text: The knee-deep grass is pitch-black in the moonlight. Dutch
text: pulls out his pecker and pisses into the grass.
speaker_heading: BACK AT CAMP
text: Dobie takes a swig of liquor, pretending like he enjoys it.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: You been doing real good, Dobie.
speaker_heading: DOBIE
dialog: Thank you, sir.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: You oughta sleep. We'll be up and
dialog: moving long before dawn. Only got
dialog: a few days to find them Stewarts
dialog: before we wouldn't want to.
text: Dobie starts to ask him what he means, then holds his tongue.
scene_heading: EXT. PLAINS- NIGHT
text: Dutch pisses into the grass, looking out at the few gnarled,
text: dwarfish trees shaking in the wind. His eyes are a little
text: glassy with liquor. He YAWNS.
text: From a distance- Dutch starts to button up his pants. We can
text: see him clearly silhouetted against the flickering light of
text: camp, an easy target.
text: A SHAPE passes in front of the camera.
scene_heading: EXT. PLAINS CAMP- NIGHT
text: Clay takes a pensive drink, sitting on his blankets.
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: CLAY
dialog: You think those men last night
dialog: deserted?
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: You mean ruther'n got drug off?
text: Clay nods. Beat. Parcher shakes his head.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: F’they did, I hope they died fast.
dialog: You ever heard of an Indian tribe
dialog: called the Burrowers?
text: Clay shakes his head no, and pulls a BIBLE from his vest.
speaker_heading: CLAY
dialog: We'll stand watch, two hour shifts.
scene_heading: EXT. PLAINS- NIGHT
text: Dutch turns and starts walking back towards camp. He doesn't
text: hear a SNAP a dozen yards away.
text: He continues towards camp, leaving frame. We linger on the
text: dark landscape behind him-
text: Against the waving grass, between the small, gnarled trees,
text: it's impossible to see clearly. But we can just make out-
text: TWO SHAPES, moving towards the fire.
scene_heading: EXT. PLAINS CAMP- NIGHT
text: Dobie curls into his blankets and closes his eyes. Parcher
text: already looks asleep. Only Clay sits upright, holding
text: Parcher's rifle, reading his bible by fire-light.
text: Dutch walks into the edge of the firelight. He doesn't see
text: the DARK SHAPE looming behind him.
text: Clay looks up at Dutch, then past him. A momentary look of
text: concern crosses his face. He puts his Bible in his vest.
text: The grass sways in the wind behind Dutch. Clay jerks the
text: rifle up and levels it, almost directly at Dutch.
text: Dutch freezes.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: What...
dialog: 4l.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN (OFF-SCREEN)
dialog: Don't shoot!
text: Dutch jumps like something bit him.
text: Parcher comes out of his blankets, cocking his revolver as he
text: sits up. Dobie scrambles to his feet.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: It's me, it's Callaghan, Mr. Henry-
dialog: Victor's cook.
text: Leading his horse, Callaghan emerges from the darkness behind
text: Dutch, and into the firelight.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Shitfire, Walnut. You alone?
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: Yeah.
text: Parcher drops his pistol.
speaker_heading: CLAY
dialog: You trying to get shot?
text: Callaghan moves in towards the fire, realizing how close to
dialog: getting shot he was.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Great Christ. Tie up your horse
dialog: and set. You missed dinner.
text: Callaghan nods thanks to Parcher, then nods hello to Dutch.
text: Dutch nods back.
scene_heading: TIME LAPSE- EXT. PLAINS CAMP-— NIGHT
text: Callaghan sits with the others, their conversation already in
dialog: progress.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: I can't rightly account for the
dialog: others. Didn't even know they was
text: missing until now.
speaker_heading: CLAY
dialog: Deserting the army's a felony.
dialog: They could hang you for that and
dialog: jail us for riding with you.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: I didn't desert. Weren't enlisted.
dialog: 42.
text: Clay looks at Parcher, who raises his eyebrows in question.
text: Clay nods.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Well, if you're riding with us,
dialog: you're working for us.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: That's fine.
speaker_heading: CLAY
dialog: It's nasty work in unfriendly
dialog: country. You want to make it back
dialog: to the ranch, you'll follow and do
dialog: as your told.
text: Callaghan nods. Pauses, then-
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: Can I ask, which one of y'all is
dialog: boss?
speaker_heading: CLAY
dialog: We're partners.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: Listen to Parcher, do what Clay
dialog: says.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: I'll be dog, the German's been
dialog: paying attention... Welcome to the
dialog: outfit, Walnut.
text: Parcher reaches out and shakes Callaghan's hand.
scene_heading: EXT. SOUTHERN PLAINS- PRE-DAWN
text: In the lead-gray light, the five riders course across the
dialog: grasslands.
scene_heading: EXT. SOUTHERN PLAINS- DAY
text: One of the round SHALLOW PITS of crushed grass and churned
text: earth. The five riders pass in the distance.
scene_heading: EXT. SOUTHERN PLAINS CAMP— NIGHT
text: Coffee's on the campfire, Callaghan dishes out food. The
text: grass moves in the wind around them.
dialog: 43.
scene_heading: EXT. PLAINS, HUNKPAPA TRAIL- LATE AFTERNOON
text: Dutch, Dobie, and Callaghan ride in a loose group through the
text: grass. Dobie pulls the mess wagon.
text: Parcher and Clay have ridden ahead and sit talking. The
text: three ride close enough to hear their conversation-
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: -..seen the last of them pits a
dialog: half day back.
text: The trail before them is little more than a slight depression
text: in the earth, stretching roughly East and West.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: I'd say we follow the trail, but
dialog: it's your call.
speaker_heading: CLAY
dialog: .-.-Take your rest. I need to
text: ruminate.
text: Parcher SIGHS. They all dismount, except Clay, who rides a
text: few paces forward.
text: Dutch walks over to Parcher, who takes a swig of whiskey.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: Which way are we going?
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: You’1l go whatever direction we
dialog: tell you to, I guess.
text: Parcher offers Dutch the whiskey. Dutch drinks, then gives
text: the bottle back.
text: He walks back towards Dobie and Callaghan, grabs a small
text: stone from the ground, and chucks it at a gnarled, dead tree
text: eighty feet distant. The stone makes a pleasant TOK sound
text: against the trunk.
text: Dobie grins at Dutch, impressed. The boy grabs a rock off
text: the ground, aims, and throws it at the tree. It sails past,
text: well wide. Dobie leans down, searches among the grass roots,
text: and picks up another stone. He chucks it at the tree, and
text: again misses.
text: Callaghan sees the game and joins in, picking up stones and
text: throwing them at the tree. He misses twice.
dialog: 44,
text: Dutch watches the two try to repeat his throw, smiling as
text: they keep missing. It’s a moment of near-relaxation, the
text: three suddenly boys again.
text: Dobie steps forward into the grass, and stoops down,
text: searching the dark earth for another stone...
text: Dutch pulls a piece of grass from its sheath and chews on the
dialog: tender base.
text: FROM A DISTANCE- we see the five men alone in an ocean of
text: grass, vulnerable.
text: Dobie can’t find another stone. He pushes some grass aside
text: and pauses. There’s an 8-inch lock of BLONDE HAIR pressed
text: into the dark earth.
text: Dobie’s hand hovers over the strands for a moment before
text: lifting it from the ground. It’s human hair. He gives it a
text: gentle tug.
text: SCHRT, the lock of hair RIPS free from the earth, a blood-red
text: postage stamp of wet SCALP dangling from the end.
text: Dobie’s jaw drops. He GASPS and flings the hair away.
text: Callaghan steps over, looks down. There’s a patch of OPEN
text: WOUND in WHITE FLESH in the ground.
text: He kneels and pushes some looses soil from around the wound
text: in the earth, revealing SKIN.
text: Dutch walks slowly towards them. He sees the flung bloody
text: lock of hair suspended in the tall grass. He spits out the
text: piece of grass he was chewing on, looks at the ground where
text: Callaghan is pushing away the soil...
text: Callaghan'’s digging reveals a WOMAN’S EYE, crusted with soil,
text: staring up at the sky.
text: Dobie SCREAMS.
text: The buried woman’s pupil CONTRACTS.
scene_heading: TIME LAPSE- EXT. PLAINS, HUNKPAPA TRAIL- DUSK
text: The woman, waifishly thin, blonde, lies on the grass. She's
text: in a coma and a filthy gingham dress. Grass stains, dirt,
text: and dried blood mark her pale skin. There is a SOFT
text: SCRATCHING noise off-screen, like a cat pawing at a door. It
text: sounds like its coming from inside of her.
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
text: She's breathing.
text: Parcher is crouched next to her. He tries to press her
text: eyelids down, but they won't stay shut. Her eyes keep
text: creeping open, staring without motion at the dark blue sky.
text: The other four men stand over her, looking down.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: She's not one of the Stewarts.
speaker_heading: CLAY
dialog: Then who is she?
text: Dutch shakes his head. We'll call the woman AUDREY.
text: Parcher pushes Audrey's head gently to the side, better
text: exposing a deep, six-inch wound tore roughly into her neck
text: and shoulder. There's no blood but that inside the wound
text: itself, thickened like raspberry jam.
speaker_heading: CLAY (RE: THE WOUND)
dialog: Same as Williams' wife.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Yeah. And she should have bled out
dialog: more, too.
text: Parcher leans in. Small WHITE GROWTHS line the wound,
text: clustered like frog eggs. The thickened blood glistens.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
text: It's still moist. Maybe infected.
text: Parcher reaches out and touches gently around the angry pink
text: edges of the wound. He pushes back the edge of Audrey's
text: collar, revealing a small GOLD CRUCIFIX on a chain.
text: Dutch leans in to get a better look. The fungal-looking
text: white growths surround the cross in the wound.
speaker_heading: CLAY
dialog: She got any other marks on her?
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: You got eyes.
text: Clay doesn't respond. The SCRATCHING sound is still there,
text: from somewhere inside Audrey.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
text: Something's scratching.
dialog: 46.
text: Callaghan and Dobie look at him, but nobody responds.
text: Parcher lifts one of the woman's arms, there are BRUISES
text: running up and down it. More bruises on her neck.
text: He lifts up a piece of her dress, looks at the long vertical
text: tears and green stains on the fabric.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: She's been drug a spell.
speaker_heading: CLAY
dialog: What else?
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: What else you want, John?
speaker_heading: CLAY
dialog: Did the Indians rape her?
text: Dobie's eyes bug out, he gulps back shock. Dutch is
text: listening hard, the SCRATCHING sound is still audible.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: How the hell am I supposed to know?
speaker_heading: DUTCH
text: Something’s scratching inside her.
speaker_heading: CLAY
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: I hear it, too.
text: Dutch crouches down, across from Parcher, over Audrey's face.
text: Audrey's eyes stare unmoving upward. As Dutch gets closer to
text: Audrey, the SCRATCHING gets louder.
text: He moves down towards the fringes of her torn dress. The
text: SCRATCHING gets louder.
text: One of her shoes is gone. The SCRATCHING is coming from
text: inside her other shoe.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
text: It's in her shoe.
speaker_heading: CLAY
dialog: Pull it off.
text: Dutch looks at Clay, then reaches for the shoe and pauses.
text: The SCRATCHING is fervent, insect-like.
dialog: 47.
text: Dutch pulls off the shoe.
text: Her foot is bare beneath. Audrey's fourth toe is wiggling.
dialog: Nobody's sure how to react.
text: Audrey's toe wiggles, her chest barely moves with her
text: breathing, she stares unmoving at the sky.
scene_heading: TIME LAPSE- EXT. PLAINS CAMP-— NIGHT
text: From beside the campfire, Dutch can just barely see Parcher
text: and Clay standing out on the prairie, past the edge of the
text: flickering firelight. They're deep in conversation, sharing
text: a bottle of whisky.
text: Dutch is crouched over Audrey, cleaning the dirt off of her
text: face with canteen water. Callaghan sits on the ground
text: nearby, blowing on his coffee to cool it.
text: Dobie stands on the other side of the fire, anxious, kicking
text: at the embers. He keeps looking at Audrey, building up to
dialog: something.
text: Dutch pushes Audrey's head to the side and tries to wipe at
text: the scab sticking the gold cross to her wound. Her head
text: keeps slipping out of his grasp. To Callaghan-
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: Can you hold her head?
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: Naw, man. I'm not touching her.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: She can't mind.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: It ain't her I'm worried about.
text: Dobie approaches from around the fire, anxious. He points at
dialog: Audrey-
speaker_heading: DOBIE
dialog: Is that what rape is?
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: DOBIE
dialog: Is that what rape is?
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: No...
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: We don't know what them Indians did
dialog: to her.
text: Dobie stares at Audrey, thinking hard, then turns sharply
text: away and walks out towards Parcher and Clay. Callaghan blows
text: on his coffee.
scene_heading: EXT. PRAIRIES OUTSIDE CAMP- CONTINUOUS
text: Parcher and Clay speak softly, low enough to escape the
text: others' ears. Dobie approaches in the background, hearing
text: the conversation already in progress-—
speaker_heading: CLAY
dialog: --.-don't know anything about him.
dialog: That's the point.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: And what do we know about Dutch?
speaker_heading: CLAY
text: He's white.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: But he ain't American.
speaker_heading: CLAY
dialog: I'm not about to leave a helpless
dialog: white woman alone with a negro we
dialog: don't know. They got... urges.
dialog: It's scientific.
text: Dobie hovers on the edges of their conversation, hoping to be
text: noticed, too nervous to butt in.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Shit-fire, everybody's got urges.
dialog: That's why God invented free will,
dialog: morals. And maybe you ain't met
dialog: enough Occidentals to know it, but
dialog: they got a lot more free will than
dialog: they got morals. What do you want,
dialog: Dobie?
text: Dobie's off guard. Parcher waits. Clay looks annoyed.
speaker_heading: DOBIE
dialog: Um... Is that... What's rape?
dialog: 49.
text: Parcher looks at him and grins. He looks at Clay.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: That'll do.
speaker_heading: CLAY
dialog: He's just a boy.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Exactly.
dialog: (louder, to Dobie)
dialog: Cowboy, we got a job for you.
scene_heading: EXT. PRAIRIE CAMP- NIGHT
text: The campfire is dying down. Lying awake in his blankets,
text: Dutch stares at the small flames dancing over the embers.
text: Callaghan, Clay, and Dobie are asleep in their blankets,
text: scattered around the fire. Parcher sits by Audrey with his
text: rifle across his knees, looking out over the plains.
text: Dutch admits he won't sleep, climbs out of his blankets, and
text: crosses to Parcher.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Dutch. You're watch ain't another
dialog: hour yet.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: I couldn't sleep.
speaker_heading: PARCHER (NODDING)
dialog: Dark business. Finding that woman
dialog: means we're on the right trail.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: Why would they bury her alive?
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: +..-I dunno. It's a miracle she
dialog: ain't dead.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: What if they buried Maryanne?
text: Parcher spits into the fire. Dutch remains determined-
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: We'll find her.
dialog: 50.
text: They sit in silence for a few moments. The fire light
text: reflects in Audrey's eyes. Dutch looks at the glint of gold
text: stuck in the wound on her neck.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: ..-What about her cross?
dialog: (Parcher looks over,)
text: It's stuck in her... in the blood.
text: Parcher peers at the cross and nods.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: ...-Maybe that ain't good. You got
dialog: religion, Dutch?
text: Parcher takes the cross between his thumb and forefinger,
text: avoiding touching the thick red blood glistening beneath.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: I never did.
text: Parcher pulls on the cross. It's stuck in the gore, pulls at
text: the wound, Audrey's torn flesh puckering.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: You should get some. Might balance
dialog: the account of your upbringing.
text: Parcher tugs and the cross RIPS free of the wound. Parcher's
text: hand jerks away unexpectedly and the gold chain around
text: Audrey's neck SNAPS.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Oh. Shoot.
text: There's a dark spot in the wound where the cross was,
text: surrounded by the faint outline of a cross in the tiny white
dialog: growths.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Here, it's yours.
text: Parcher presses the cross into Dutch's hand.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: What do I do with it?
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Hellfire, I don't know. Find
dialog: comfort in your maker. Take this,
dialog: too. It's your watch.
dialog: 51.
text: He shoves his rifle into Dutch's hand and crosses to his
text: blankets. Dutch holds the cross and the rifle. He wipes the
text: blood off the crucifix, rubbing it clean on his jeans. He
text: holds the cross up to the light.
text: In the glint of the fire, he can just see the small white
text: FUNGAL GROWTHS clinging to its surface.
scene_heading: EXT. PLAINS CAMP—- MORNING
text: Dutch pulls tight the ropes holding Audrey to the wagon.
text: She's lying face-up, eyes still open, on piled blankets.
text: Dobie's horse is tied to the wagon. The other four horses
text: are packed with provisions and camping gear. They're all
text: getting ready to leave. Parcher, to Dobie-
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Once you get to Fort Lincoln, stay
dialog: with her, we'll pick you up on our
dialog: way back.
speaker_heading: DOBIE
dialog: I could catch up with you in a day
dialog: or two.
speaker_heading: CLAY
dialog: We don't have more'n a day or two
text: ‘fore those missing are corpses.
dialog: Or worse.
text: Parcher leans in conspiratorially to Dobie.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Wouldn't trust any other man in the
dialog: outfit to do the job.
text: Dobie grins, proud.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Don't ride at night lest you want
text: to break old Sparrow's leg.
text: Parcher pats the flank of Dobie's horse.
speaker_heading: DOBIE
dialog: I know it, sir.
text: Dutch looks at the rising sun, still low over the horizon,
text: then at Audrey's unblinking eyes. He tries to push her lids
text: down one more time and again they slowly slide open.
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: CLAY
dialog: Enough. Let's go.
text: Dutch looks over, everybody's mounting up.
text: Dutch takes off his derby and puts it low over Audrey's head,
text: so that it shields her eyes.
scene_heading: EXT. PLAINS- DAY, MONTAGE
text: We're sinking slowly towards the ground. Various shots,
text: always lower: Dobie riding South alone with the comatose
text: woman wearing Dutch's hat. The other four RIDE HARD North.
text: The sun climbs and we sink. Bleached buffalo bones mark the
text: passing hours like sundials.
text: The four riders pass the charred scrap remainders of a teepee
text: village at a gallop.
text: Lower and lower, the four ride into the NORTHERN PLAINS, more
text: varied country, we can see mountains in the distance. The
text: land rises and falls, is dotted with small groups of trees,
text: scrub and silver-barked birch.
text: SOUTHERN PLAINS- Still sinking. Dobie sees FOUR FIGURES on
text: foot ahead, walking the trail towards him.
text: NORTHERN PLAINS- Still sinking. Dutch and the others ride
text: into scattered birch trees, almost glowing in the gloaming.
text: We sink into the earth, past PALE SHAPES that could be bones,
dialog: and might be moving.
scene_heading: BLACK ON SCREEN
scene_heading: EXT. BIRCH FOREST- AFTERNOON
text: Clay and Parcher ride at the front, Dutch and Callaghan at
text: the rear. The forest is unnaturally quiet, we can hear the
text: trees moving in the wind. To Dutch-
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: I don't like this quiet.
speaker_heading: CLAY
dialog: Hold your peace.
text: There's an urgency in his voice. Parcher looks at him.
speaker_heading: CLAY
text: Yonder.
dialog: 53.
text: Clay nods ahead and halts his horse. A FIGURE is approaching
text: through the tangle of birch. Parcher puts his hand on his
text: gun and draws his horse to a stop alongside. He squints into
dialog: the forest.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: I can't see him.
speaker_heading: CLAY
dialog: Looks Sioux.
text: Dutch and Callaghan draw to a stop along side. Dutch sees
text: Parcher's hand on his gun.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: What...?
speaker_heading: CLAY
dialog: Hush.
text: Dutch puts a hand on his gun. Callaghan follows suit. A
text: BIRD WHISTLE comes from behind them, possibly a human
text: imitation of the sound.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Shit. They got us flanked. I'm
dialog: counting on you boys with young
text: eyes to see that man draw his gun.
dialog: Don't be bashful about shooting
dialog: back if he does.
text: The Figure gets closer, coming through the trees, the stick
text: in his hand might be a RIFLE.
text: Another WHISTLE. Dutch looks back, towards the sound,
text: nothing but the visual noise of birch trees.
text: Dutch turns back facing forward and sees a SIOUX WARRIOR
text: emerge from the forest ahead, barely twenty feet away. The
text: Sioux Warrior raises his rifle...
text: Dutch draws his pistol and FIRES. The Sioux turns and
text: sprints back into the forest. Before Dutch can fire a second
text: shot, Clay swings a huge arm and knocks him from his horse.
text: Dutch drops his gun and CRASHES to the ground painfully.
text: The four horses, gunshot spooked, prance and turn.
text: Callaghan's horse glances a hoof across Dutch's brow with a
text: CRACK like wood breaking. Dutch CRIES OUT and puts hands to
text: his bleeding head.
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: CLAY
dialog: Goddamnit! That was a greeting!
text: Clay trots his horse a few steps forward into the birch.
text: Parcher looks forward to him.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: We got trouble?
speaker_heading: CLAY
dialog: I expect.
text: Dutch sits up, looks at the blood on his hands. There's a
text: two-inch gash on his forehead.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: I'm shot.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Oh Jesus Christ amighty. Walnut's
dialog: horse kicked you. And you deserve
dialog: worse.
text: Clay rides back to the group.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: So what do we do?
speaker_heading: CLAY
dialog: We keep at it.
text: He turns to Dutch.
speaker_heading: CLAY
dialog: You so much as touch your gun
dialog: without my say so and I'll holster
dialog: it in your ass. Understand?
text: On the ground, holding his bleeding head, Dutch nods.
scene_heading: EXT. SOUTHERN PLAINS- AFTERNOON
text: Dobie cautiously approaches a FAMILY OF SIOUX on foot. An
text: OLD MAN, OLD WOMAN, TEENAGE GIRL, and a BOY.
text: Dobie and the family, both sides nervous, exchange pantomimed
text: greetings and trade. Dobie reaches a slab of beef jerky from
text: the wagon and offers it. The Old Man takes it, nodding and
text: smiling. He gestures and speaks softly to the Girl, who
text: pulls a twist of tobacco from her pouch.
text: The Old Woman, at the wagon's side, inspects Audrey. She
text: sees the wound on Audrey's neck.
dialog: 55.
text: Suddenly the Old Woman is TALKING fast and low in SIOUX. The
text: Old Man steps forward and takes a look.
speaker_heading: DOBIE
dialog: Hey, now... Don't...
text: Dobie puts a hand on his gun. The Old Woman's still TALKING,
text: pointing at the gash with it's small white growths.
text: The Old Man turns, doesn't even look at Dobie, grabs the Boy
text: and Teenage Girl, and all four walk swiftly away.
text: Dobie, confused, watches them go. The Sioux walk swiftly up
text: the trail, they don't even look back.
scene_heading: EXT. BIRCH FOREST- DUSK
text: The world tilts uneasily around Dutch. He gingerly touches
text: the WOUND on his head, the skin angry and pink around it.
text: The four are riding in a rough group through the trees,
text: cautious, all eyes scanning for Indians. The birch have
text: become even more dense, visibility is minimal.
text: Parcher is riding point, Clay is bringing up the rear.
text: Callaghan pulls his horse over next to Dutch's.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: You all right?
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: I’1l live.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: Mr. Parcher told you to shoot.
text: It’s moral support and Dutch takes it, nodding.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: What does it mean, “to holster in
dialog: the ass?"
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: Means he’s sweet on you.
text: Clay suddenly appears beside them, spurring his horse forward
text: towards Parcher. Callaghan and Dutch fall silent.
speaker_heading: CLAY (TO PARCHER)
dialog: I don't like this. You think that
dialog: Indian was Burrower tribe?
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Looked Sioux. But there’s more
dialog: flavors of Sioux than I can count.
speaker_heading: CLAY
dialog: Why ain’t we heard of them before?
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Can’t say. I expect they'll
text: introduce themselves shortly. The
dialog: Kraut ain't made us the most
dialog: popular white men in Dakota.
speaker_heading: CLAY (NODDING)
dialog: I'm libel to drop him when we get
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Amen to that.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: I stay on until we find the
dialog: Stewarts.
text: Dutch has pulled up beside Clay and Parcher. He’s determined,
text: blood flaking from his brow. Clay nods, assenting.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: That might not be so far off.
dialog: F’that Indian you shot at wanted to
dialog: talk, he wanted to trade. And the
dialog: only thing he’d have we might want
dialog: is white folks.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: You mean the Stewarts?
speaker_heading: CLAY
dialog: It's possible. But we don’t trade
dialog: for whites.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: But it means we’re close.
text: Clay nods.
speaker_heading: CLAY
dialog: ...We're pushing four days now they
dialog: been gone.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Does it change anything if this is
dialog: revenge rather'n rescue?
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: This isn’t.... We can still find
dialog: her. Even if she’s been.... hurt.
text: Parcher looks at Clay, waits for an answer.
speaker_heading: CLAY
dialog: He’s right. We ain’t found bodies.
dialog: We don’t sleep tonight, we don’t
dialog: stop--
text: Clay's neck EXPLODES. The CRACK of a rifle. Blood splatters
text: backwards, spraying Dutch and Callaghan. Jugular spray pumps
text: obscenely skyward as Clay falls backwards off his horse.
text: Parcher's horse bucks as he draws his revolver. Dutch wipes
text: blood from his eyes.
text: Callaghan draws in a breath to scream, another CRACK, and his
text: horse jerks violently backwards, eyes wild. Blood pours from
text: behind its ear and the animal falls, pinning Callaghan’s
text: ankle beneath the saddle.
text: Clay SLAMS onto his back on the ground, blood pumping from
text: his neck. He kicks at the earth, eyes rolling in his head.
text: Parcher grabs his rifle and jumps off his horse.
text: More GUNSHOTS echo from the surrounding forest, WAR CRIES
text: from every direction.
text: Dutch scrambles off his horse. Callaghan's horse, lying on
text: the ground, pinwheels its legs and froths at the mouth.
text: Callaghan pulls frantically, trying to free his leg.
text: Splinters fly off the birch trees above at the impact of
text: bullets. BLAM, BLAM, and WAR CRIES. Dutch fires his pistol
text: back wildly.
text: Parcher crawls over. Clay is fish-belly white where he isn't
text: bloody. His eyes have stopped moving.
text: Dutch crawls to Callaghan, still pinned beneath the saddle.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: Stop pulling.
text: Callaghan relaxes his leg. Dutch lifts the saddle and
text: Callaghan pulls free.
text: Parcher crawls over to Callaghan's horse and SHOOTS it in the
text: head. The horse twitches and stops moving.
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Get over here!
text: Parcher scrambles behind the horse, between it and some
text: deadfall, finding an impromptu bunker. Callaghan crawls over
text: to join him, Dutch close behind.
text: BLAM, BLAM, the gunshots continue. The WAR CRIES echo from
dialog: every direction.
text: Dutch, Parcher, and Callaghan lie on the ground between the
text: horse and the deadfall. Dutch fumbles more bullets into the
text: chamber of his gun. THUNK, a bullet slams into the corpse of
text: Callaghan's horse.
text: Callaghan raises up with his pistol and Parcher puts a hand
text: on his arm, stopping him.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Don't waste your bullets. We'll
dialog: shoot when they're close enough to
dialog: kill.
text: WAR CRIES. THUNK, the horse twitches at the impact of
text: another bullet. BLAM... BLAM... the rifle shots slow.
text: We can hear FOOTSTEPS, the CRUNCH of dry leaves.
text: Dutch peeks out from behind the horse. Clay is staring back
text: at him, impossible to tell if the man is dead or not.
text: A SIOUX WARRIOR emerges from the trees behind Clay, carrying
text: a pistol and a maul. Dutch's eyes widen. The warrior pauses
text: over Clay's corpse, raises the maul, and SKRUNCH, sinks it
text: into Clay's face, nearly taking off the dead man's jaw.
text: BLAM, Dutch cringes at the sound of the rifle directly over
text: his head. The Sioux Warrior spins and falls to the ground
text: with a shoulder wound.
text: Parcher shucks another round into his rifle as he drops back
text: to the ground behind the horse. BLAM, BLAM, BLAM, rifle shots
text: and WAR CRIES answer Parcher's fire.
text: Dutch presses himself to the ground, Callaghan likewise.
text: Parcher waits, gets an eye over the horse.
text: Another SIOUX is pulling the first to his feet. Parcher
text: springs up and BLAM, shoots the second Sioux dead in the
text: chest. Parcher drops back behind the horse.
text: BLAM, a single shot answers. Scattered WAR CRIES die off.
dialog: 59.
text: Parcher, Dutch, and Clay lay behind the dead horse. They
text: realize that they are laying in a pool of horse blood,
text: spreading crimson against the fallen, silver leaves of birch.
text: They can hear the PANTING and MOANS of pain as the shoulder-
text: wounded Sioux gets to his feet and runs into the forest.
text: RUNNING, the CRUNCH of dead leaves scatter in every
text: direction. Parcher, Dutch, and Clay lie behind the horse and
dialog: try to catch their breath.
text: FROM ABOVE- we see that they line up like a zodiac. Three
text: men lying in blood behind the dead horse, Clay dead on his
text: back in his own blood, the chest-shot Sioux dead a stone's
text: throw away. Sudden silence with the cessation of gunfire.
scene_heading: EXT. SOUTHERN PLAINS- DUSK
text: The plains are unnaturally quiet.
text: Dobie softly whistles ALAS AND DID MY SAVIOR BLEED. He's
text: assembled a small camp fire and laid out his blankets a short
text: distance from the mess wagon, where Audrey lies, still
text: wearing Dutch's derby.
speaker_heading: DOBIE
dialog: I guess we can make you a might
dialog: more comfortable. Don't uh...
dialog: Don't think I'm being forward or
dialog: nothing.
text: Dobie approaches Audrey, a little nervous. He shyly grins
text: and lifts her from the wagon. Her eyes look up at the sky.
text: Dutch's hat falls from Audrey's head and onto the ground.
text: Dobie lays Audrey on a thick pad of blankets.
speaker_heading: DOBIE
dialog: There. Now, lemme...
text: Dobie pushes a rolled blanket beneath her head like a pillow.
text: In the strange silence of the plains, we can hear the
text: SCRATCHING of Audrey's toe in her shoe.
speaker_heading: DOBIE
dialog: Well, now. Right civilized.
text: Dobie looks down at Audrey. His head bobs down towards her,
text: and he pauses. He grins nervously, looks around at the empty
text: plains. Then ducks down and pecks Audrey a quick KISS on her
text: lower, parched lip. While kissing her, the SCRATCHING STOPS.
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: DOBIE
dialog: Good night.
text: Dobie looks down at her, a goofy smile on his face. The
text: SCRATCHING in her shoe starts again. Dobie furrows his brow,
text: puzzled. He looks at the shoe.
text: He reaches out timidly and covers Audrey's eyes. The
text: SCRATCHING stops. He takes his hand away, the SCRATCHING
text: starts again.
text: Dobie takes a breath, repeats the experiment. Covers her
text: eyes and the SCRATCHING stops, uncovers and it starts again.
speaker_heading: DOBIE
dialog: Jesus. You're awake.
text: Dobie looks like he could cry.
speaker_heading: DOBIE
dialog: You're... I'm so sorry. What
dialog: did... What did they do to you?
text: Dobie looks down her. She stares sightlessly at the sky, her
text: toe SCRATCHING in her shoe.
text: Dobie moves off to his own blankets.
text: Beneath the SCRATCHING, out in the plains, we can hear that
text: same RATTLING CREAK, a soothing GURGLE.
speaker_heading: TO BLACK
speaker_heading: PARCHER (WHISPERING, V.O.)
dialog: Christ amighty, is he asleep?
scene_heading: EXT. BIRCH FOREST- NIGHT
text: Dutch opens his eyes, putting a hand to the angry wound
text: splitting his scalp and GROANING.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: I’m awake.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: God damn if you ain't the dumbest
dialog: white man I ever met.
text: They're all still crouched between the dead horse and the
text: pile of fallen birch. A stiff BREEZE moves through the
text: forest, RATTLING the leaves.
dialog: 61.
text: Dutch blearily wipes at his face. Dried blood flakes off
dialog: like scales.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: I ain't heard a thing in hours.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: How long are we gonna wait here?
speaker_heading: PARCHER
text: They could be waiting in ambush.
text: They sit in the broken moonlight.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
text: .--Billy's starting to smell.
text: Parcher and Dutch look at him for clarification.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: S'what I named the horse.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: That's my name.
text: Small grins from Dutch and Callaghan.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: I didn't know that, Mr. Parcher.
dialog: Real sorry.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
text: Shit fire. The horse is dead,
dialog: Walnut, call it what you like.
text: Parcher shakes his head. Then reaches out with a gloved
text: hand, and pulls a bunch of leafy vines from the base of a
text: tree. He squints at it in the darkness. Parcher makes a
text: CLICKING noise in his throat, thinking.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: That's poison oak, ain't it?
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: Looks it.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: ---I tell you what. Put your
dialog: gloves on, pile up as much of this
dialog: stuff as you can. We ain't waiting
dialog: for dawn.
dialog: 62.
scene_heading: EXT. SOUTHERN PLAINS- NIGHT
text: CLOSE UP of Dobie's peaceful, sleeping face.
text: A TEARING sound, ripping flesh.
text: RATTLES and HISSES, something like snakes or insects. Dobie
text: blearily opens his eyes.
text: A shadow withdraws from over him, shifting in the firelight.
text: A SIX INCH CUT freshly gouged in Dobie's neck.
text: The FIGURE crouching over Dobie is back-lit by the fire,
text: barely discernible. It grabs Dobie by the arm and rolls him
text: up onto his side.
text: Dobie struggles for a moment, thrashing an arm, before a
text: RETCHING sound precedes a HOT SPLASH of liquid hitting his
text: neck. Dobie's thrashing arm goes limp. His eyes freeze
text: forward, staring across the camp fire.
text: Beyond the camp fire, concealed by their flames, THREE MORE
text: FIGURES, like small men, crouch over Audrey. The shifting
text: firelight barely reveals them. They're on Audrey as if
text: working on her. They arch their backs and tug, making
text: SLURPING noises, like geriatrics sucking tapioca.
text: The Figure over Dobie drops him and he rolls helplessly onto
text: his back, eyes staring upwards. The Figure is out of his
text: sight too quickly for Dobie to clearly see it. Thick liquid
text: drips onto Dobie's face and neck.
text: Where the bile drops, it STEAMS quickly away, leaving tiny
scene_heading: WHITE GROWTHS.
text: The RATTLING and GURLGING sounds continue. Dobie is left
text: momentarily alone, staring upwards. There is fear in his
text: unmoving eyes.
text: The LITTLE FINGER of his left hand WIGGLES. Dobie's unmoving
text: eyes stare upward. The finger WIGGLES.
text: THREE FIGURES return to him, crouching over him, blocking out
text: the light of the fire. They cluster on the periphery of
text: Dobie's vision. THREE MORE join the crowd, completely
text: casting Dobie into shadow. A SEVENTH.
text: Dobie is unable to turn his eyes and look at the hands that
text: grab onto his arms and legs. He's lifted from the ground and
text: suddenly moving away from camp.
text: Tall grass flies past as he's dragged helplessly through the
text: planes. Dobie stares up at the grass, the starry sky beyond.
dialog: 63.
text: He is dragged by the seven Figures far out into the plains,
text: well out of the firelight's range. And suddenly dropped.
text: We hear GRASS TORN from the ground. The sounds of EARTH
text: MOVING. Dobie, staring upwards, cannot see what is
text: happening. The Figures PUFF and HISS as they dig, pushing
dialog: earth aside.
text: The monstrous hands roll Dobie over once, twice, and into a
text: SHALLOW PIT. Dobie lands face-up in a hole in dark earth the
text: size of a coffin.
text: From the edges of his vision, he sees the dim outline of the
text: Figures pushing freshly dug earth towards him. They cover
text: him from the feet-up in about four inches of soil. They
text: cover his belly, his chest.
text: A thin layer of dirt is pushed over his face, until only one
text: eye barely peeks out of the rich soil, one nostril is left
dialog: free to breath.
text: We hear the Figures turn and move off. The sounds again of
text: GRASS TEARING and EARTH MOVING and then sudden SILENCE.
text: In the dark soil beneath an ocean of grass, Dobie's eye
text: stares helplessly out across the plains. Tiny particles of
text: soil around his nostril shake with his weak breathing.
text: Several feet away from his eye, a tiny patch of earth is
text: shaking a little bit, as if a mole were trying to surface.
text: We SINK down into that earth, and several inches below it,
text: find Dobie's little finger WIGGLING.
scene_heading: FADE TO BLACK
scene_heading: EXT. BIRCH FOREST— PRE-DAWN
text: The forest is misty, the first hints of sub-horizon lead-
text: colored light off in the distance. Dutch and Callaghan are
text: sweating, steam rising from their bodies as they work. The
text: pile of poison oak is twenty feet long and four feet high.
text: Nearby, Parcher ties John Clay's corpse to a TRAVEAU. It's
text: like a tight hammock woven between two birch saplings tied to
text: the horse's saddle, one end left to drag on the ground.
text: Callaghan throws another bunch of leaves onto the pile and
text: pauses, breathing.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN (WHISPERING)
dialog: They used to make us burn this shit
dialog: in Georgia.
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: DUTCH (WHISPERING)
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: Knew a man got caught downwind and
text: inhaled the smoke. Bled from his
text: lungs for two days and then died.
text: Drowned in his own blood.
speaker_heading: PARCHER (OFF-SCREEN)
dialog: You boys about set?
text: Dutch and Callaghan look over. Parcher stands wiping his
text: hands on his jeans. John Clay's blanket-wrapped corpse is
text: secured to its sling.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: We're set.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Good, then get her burning and
dialog: let's go.
text: Parcher turns towards the corpse of the dead Sioux, still
text: lying face-up on the ground, as Dutch fishes a box of matches
text: from his vest, gives a handful to Callaghan.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN (WHISPERING)
dialog: This don't seem right.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: I don’t like it either. But we
dialog: don’t have time. This gets us back
text: on the trail.
text: Callaghan doesn't answer, but strikes a match and touches it
text: to a twist of paper buried in the brush. Dutch does the
text: same, and soon the poison oak begins to burn and smoke.
text: Dutch and Callaghan back quickly away, covering their mouths.
text: BLAM, BLAM. They both jump at the sudden sound of gunfire.
text: They look back at Parcher, who walks away from the dead
text: Sioux's corpse with a smoking pistol.
text: The Sioux's eyes have been shot out of his head.
scene_heading: TIME LAPSE- EXT. BIRCH FOREST- PRE-DAWN
text: Dutch, Callaghan, and Parcher, with Clay's corpse in tow,
text: ride away from the quickly growing flames behind them. They
text: look like emissaries from hell, the reflected firelight
text: dancing off of the trees' silver bark.
dialog: 65.
text: They ride into the forest, quickly leaving sight of
text: Callaghan's dead horse and the dead, desecrated Sioux.
text: Clay's traveau bounces roughly along the ground.
text: The wind carries the deadly yellow-tinged smoke through the
text: forest behind them, glowing red in the fire.
scene_heading: EXT. NORTHERN PLAINS / FOREST EDGE- DAY
text: Dutch sits on the ground, using a hatchet to knock the cross-
text: piece of a small birch crucifix into the riser.
text: A few yards off, Callaghan and Parcher finish shoveling dirt
text: onto Clay's grave. Parcher, winded, lowers his shovel and
text: steps over to Dutch.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Here I thought you ain't had any
dialog: religion.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: Sorry?
text: Parcher gestures at Dutch's cross.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: So we'll know where he's buried.
text: Parcher nods, wipes sweat from his brow and grabs an open
text: bottle of whisky.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: You might should think about Jesus.
dialog: That Bible's done a lot of good in
dialog: the world.
text: Dutch nods, non-committal.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: .-.-And maybe leave off that cross.
dialog: If them Indians know a white man's
dialog: buried here, they're liable to dig
text: him up and tear out his eyes, make
text: him blind in the spirit world.
text: Parcher looks away, his eyes shining with tears, and takes a
text: drink. Dutch stands and throws the cross towards the birch
text: forest. The cross tumbles slowly, end over end through the
text: sky, and vanishes in the grass.
text: Parcher sniffs and spits, drinks more whisky. Callaghan
text: finishes his work and leans on his shovel.
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: This mean we're heading back?
speaker_heading: DUTCH (SURPRISED)
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Hell, no. John Clay'd piss on us
dialog: from heaven if we turned back now.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: And the Stewarts. You said we’re
dialog: close.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Yeah. We ride night and day, we
text: can overtake ‘em on the far side of
dialog: those woods, kill the redskin that
dialog: shot John and get your woman back.
text: Dutch mounts his horse. Callaghan pauses, looking down at
text: Clay's grave.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: You want to say some words for Mr.
dialog: Clay?
speaker_heading: PARCHER (SHAKING HIS HEAD)
dialog: That was his job.
scene_heading: EXT. NORTHER PLAINS- DAY
text: The three ride hard. Callaghan and Dutch have heavy bags
text: under their eyes. Parcher smokes, eyes narrow and red.
scene_heading: TIME LAPSE- NORTHERN PLAINS- DAY
text: Dutch rubs his face roughly. His and Callaghan’s horses have
text: drifted a stone’s throw behind Parcher’s. The three are
text: riding more slowly now, the need for sleep overtaking them.
text: Callaghan looks exhausted.
text: Ahead, Parcher’s head is bowed, eyes closed. He’s asleep on
text: his horse. Dutch sees it, and looks at Callaghan.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: How do you think he does that?
dialog: Sleeps on his horse?
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: I don't know.
text: Dutch looks up at the glaring sun. His skin is sunburned.
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: Wish I had my hat.
scene_heading: TIME LAPSE- NORTHERN PLAINS- DUSK
text: Parcher’s awake again. All three men are bleary-eyed and
text: pallid, swaying with the motion of their horses. They stare
text: ahead through heavy lids. There’s a gentle PURRING rolling
text: in off the plains. Callaghan's eyes creep shut.
text: Their three horses start to climb a rise. Dutch’s horse
text: catches up with Parcher’s. Parcher is asleep again.
text: Dutch turns and looks back towards Callaghan.
text: Callaghan's gone, the horse he was riding clops along behind
dialog: them without a rider.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: Hey. Callaghan’s gone.
text: Parcher snorts awake and looks back. He’s nonchalant--
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: When did we misplaced our Negro?
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: While you were sleeping.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: I wasn’t asleep.
text: Dutch turns his horse and spurs it back a few yards.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: Callaghan! ...Callaghan!
text: He looks around; it’s an ocean of grass, the low sun casting
text: long shadows off the waving blades. Dutch can see for miles
text: and there’s no sign of Callaghan at all.
text: The PURRING continues, masked slightly by the GURGLING of a
text: small stream nearby.
text: Dutch looks at Parcher, anxiety in his eyes. Either one of
dialog: them could have vanished as easily.
text: Dutch’s horse trots forward, Dutch scanning the grass.
text: Parcher pulls his horse forward in the background. Callaghan
text: is simply gone; the grass swallowed him whole.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: ..-Hey.
dialog: 68.
text: Parcher and Dutch turn. No sign of Callaghan, until... he
text: wearily pushes himself up out of the grass maybe fifteen feet
text: away, right between the two horses.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Get Walnut back on his horse, we
dialog: ain't done yet.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN (BLEARILY )
dialog: That ain't my name.
text: Dutch gets off his horse, helps Callaghan to his feet.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: You alright?
text: Callaghan nods. Dutch thinks, turns to Parcher.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: The horses need water, we need
dialog: sleep.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
text: The sun’s setting on John Clay's
text: grave, and his killer’s still
text: walking. We keep riding.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: The sun’s already set. We each
dialog: sleep an hour and watch one. Then
text: back on the trail.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Get back on your damn horses.
text: Dutch starts unpacking his blankets from his saddle. Parcher
text: raises his eyebrows and looks at Callaghan. Callaghan shrugs
text: and starts unpacking his own blankets.
text: Parcher gets off his horse, pissed.
scene_heading: EXT. NORTHERN PLAINS CAMP- NIGHT
text: Callaghan's already asleep. Parcher and Dutch sit by the
text: fire. Dutch drinks coffee. Parcher stews.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: You cross me again, you and Walnut
dialog: both can go to hell. I'd rather do
dialog: this alone than with a couple old
dialog: ladies.
text: Dutch nods. Beat. Parcher spits, then SIGHS.
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Hard to fathom John Clay being
dialog: dead. Known that man since we were
dialog: little boys.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: -.-You’ve gotten people back
dialog: before? Women. From the Indians.
text: Parcher looks at him, sees how worried Dutch is.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Not personally, not alive. But I
text: met a woman that come back. She
dialog: weren’t never the same, but she
dialog: lived.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: We'll find her.
text: Dutch looks into the fire. Another moment's silence.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: I'll take first watch.
text: Parcher nods, then GROANS as he gets up and crosses to his
text: blankets. Dutch holds his rifle across his knees, drinking
text: coffee and looking out across the plains.
scene_heading: TIME LAPSE- NORTHERN PLAINS CAMP- NIGHT
text: Dutch shakes Parcher's shoulder. He jerks violently awake,
text: gets a hand on his revolver before he recognizes Dutch.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Jesus. Dutch.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: Parcher, it's your watch.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: I ain't been asleep two seconds.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: An hour. More. I need sleep.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: God damnit.
text: Parcher GROANS, sits up.
speaker_heading: TO BLACK
dialog: 70.
text: PALE SHAPES move in inky darkness. RATTLES, PURRING.
scene_heading: TIME LAPSE- NORTHERN PLAINS CAMP- NIGHT
text: Dutch opens his eyes, sees the campfire blazing unusually
text: high. Callaghan’s blankets are empty. He rolls away from
text: the fire, and sees Parcher’s blankets empty. He’s all alone.
text: Dutch sits up fast. He looks around. The camp is completely
text: empty. He grabs his pistol, gets to his feet.
text: The harsh glare of firelight reveals a circle of grass, but
text: obscures the moonlit ocean of movement beyond.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
text: Callaghan. Parcher.
text: Dutch squints into the darkness. He takes a step out towards
text: the grass and stops.
text: Over the CRACKLING of the fire the nighttime sounds seem
text: amplified, SHIFTING in the grass. A moment of uncertainty.
text: We see him from a distance, standing vulnerable in a circle
text: of firelight, surrounded by infinite darkness. GURGLING
text: RATTLES slide through darkness.
text: He tightens his grip on his pistol.
text: FOOTSTEPS in the grass behind him. Dutch spins. A FIGURE
text: approaching.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: Dutch. I can’t find Parcher.
text: The figure resolves into Callaghan. Relief sweeps over
dialog: Dutch.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: ...Why’s the fire so big?
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: I woke up from the heat of it and
text: Parcher was already gone.
dialog: Something’s up.
text: Callaghan shakes his head. Dutch rubs the sleep out of his
text: face. He looks around. It hits him.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: He's... using us. The Indians see
dialog: our fire, attack us. Parcher sees
dialog: the Indians.
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: +..Son of a bitch.
text: They stand for a moment, looking out into the darkness. Then
text: Callaghan starts kicking wood away from the fire.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: Spread it out, we'll let it die
dialog: down .
text: Dutch kicks from the other side. The fire's quickly lowered,
text: Dutch and Callaghan left standing over scattered, burning
text: logs. A beat.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: Is there more coffee?
text: Callaghan shakes his head, no. The insect-like PURRING
text: that's been rattling off the planes SWELLS.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: Do you hear that?
text: Dutch frowns, straining to listen. The PURRING builds and
text: drops, hard to distinguish from the swaying of the grass.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: It's almost like...
text: His voice trails off. Dutch listens. A beat.
text: Parcher SCREAMS, off-screen. Dutch and Callaghan's heads
dialog: snap to the sound.
text: Dutch is the first to move, he grabs a burning piece of wood
text: and charges into the grass towards the sound of Parcher's
text: voice, into the darkness. The RATTLING gets louder.
text: On the edge of Dutch's vision, three figures are crouched on
text: the ground. Dutch throws his torch.
text: It arcs end-over-end, sailing through the air, and lands in
text: the midst of the three. A HISSING SCREAM. The shower of
text: sparks and muted flame reveals-
text: TWO BURROWERS crouched over Parcher. The brief light gives us
text: a glimpse of the creatures, somewhere between a molting
text: beetle and a drowned child. But only a glimpse.
text: Dutch raises his rifle.
dialog: 72.
text: The Burrowers, out of the torch's light, nearly invisible,
text: slither like melted wax over the soil. CRACK, CRACK, Dutch
text: fires his rifle at the creatures. CRACK, CRACK-
text: THUNK, THUNK, bullets strike the creatures without effect.
text: They wiggle into the dirt, and in a matter of seconds, vanish
dialog: down into it.
text: Dutch looks at the moonlit grass, collapsing in CIRCULAR
text: INDENTATIONS where the Burrowers dug down. (Just like the
dialog: indentations they’ve found on the trail.)
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: What... what...
text: Dutch is on the edge of losing his shit.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: My neck.
text: Dutch looks down. Parcher has a half-inch deep, seven-inch
text: long TRENCH carved into his neck.
scene_heading: EXT. NORTHERN PLAINS CAMP- NIGHT
text: Callaghan searches through the saddlebags. Dutch is
text: standing, looking out at the plains. The PURRING RATTLE is
text: all around them. Parcher sits by the fire, gingerly touching
text: the wound on his neck.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: Do we have bandages?
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: It ain't bleeding. I can't even
dialog: feel it.
text: Parcher presses the palm of his hand against the wound, then
text: takes his hand way and looks at it.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Jesus. Now I can't feel my hand.
dialog: What did that Indian do?
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: Those weren't Indians.
text: Callaghan pulls a bottle of whiskey and a canteen of water
text: from the saddlebags, and throws them to Parcher.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: Here, clean it out.
dialog: 73.
text: Parcher ignores the water, takes a drink of whiskey.
text: Callaghan spits, mutters-—
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: ...what right you had to stake us
text: out like pieces of bait.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Listen, I'm the one who's god-damn
dialog: cut. Dutch even got a look at ‘em.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: Those weren't Indians.
text: Dutch crosses to the fire, adds a handful of dead grass. The
text: fire FLARES and in the light they can see the grass moving
text: around their camp. RATTLES, HISSES. Some of the grass seems
dialog: to move against the wind.
text: The GURGLES and PURRING comes from all directions.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
text: They're all around us.
speaker_heading: PARCHER (SLURRED )
text: I can't feel my face.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: I think... they're waiting for us
dialog: to go back to sleep.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: Fat god-damn chance of that.
scene_heading: TIME LAPSE- EXT. PLAINS CAMP-— NIGHT
text: The campfire blazes, casting a flickering orange light over
text: the plains. The three sit in a circle with their backs to
text: the fire; each holds a gun and watches the plains.
text: The side of Parcher's face above the wound is starting to
text: droop like a stroke victim's. They don’t look at one
text: another, but stare out at the grass as they talk.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Can't feel my tongue. Or much of
text: my arm. I'm numb but I itch all
dialog: over. ...I don't want to die like
dialog: this, not by pieces.
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: I don't think it'll kill you. That
dialog: woman we sent back with Dobie, she
dialog: was still alive.
speaker_heading: PARCHER ( CHUCKLING)
text: There's cold comfort.
text: Parcher is still excited, adrenaline giving a shine to his
text: eyes behind his slightly slackened face. Dutch looks at him,
text: bewildered that he could find some strange pleasure in this.
dialog: Dutch considers, then-
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: What about Dobie?
text: Parcher looks up, sobering slightly.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: He could be out there alone with
dialog: those...
speaker_heading: PARCHER
text: He must be at the fort by now.
dialog: (a beat, )
dialog: «+-You still got that cross?
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: Yes...
text: Dutch fishes it out of his shirt and tosses it to Parcher.
text: Parcher can't catch it with his numb arm, has to fish around
text: in the dirt. He picks it up and MURMURS a quick prayer,
text: kisses the cross.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: Can I get some of that?
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: ..-Amen.
text: Parcher kisses the cross again and tosses it awkwardly to
text: Callaghan. Callaghan lunges, catches. He kisses it and
text: MURMURS a prayer. Parcher feels the moist groove in his neck.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN (TO DUTCH)
dialog: Here, man.
text: Callaghan tosses the cross and Dutch catches it.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: Keep it.
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: What, you don't believe?
text: Dutch shakes his head.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: Then you need it more than I do.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: God-damned Indian must have
dialog: poisoned the knife.
text: Dutch pockets the cross.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: They been alone in this country
dialog: maybe a thousand years. God knows
dialog: what devilment they could of
dialog: thought of in that time.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: I don't think it was an Indian that
dialog: cut you.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Looked like men but weren't.
text: Sneaked up and cut a white man's
text: throat in the night. Sounds Indian
dialog: to me.
text: They fall silent. The RATTLING and PURRS continue out in the
text: swaying grass, still strangely SOOTHING. Dutch looks at
text: Parcher’s wound. Parcher beats his fist against the ground.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Whole... damn... arms is numb.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: Your wound is the same as the
text: Williams’ dead.
text: Parcher looks at him.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: Whoever did that is who took
dialog: Maryanne. Took the Stewarts. We
dialog: must be close. Can you ride?
text: Parcher nods, struggles awkwardly to his feet.
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Shit. Alright let's go. You don't
dialog: get me on a horse soon, I won't be
dialog: able to get on at all.
scene_heading: EXT. NORTHERN PLAINS- NIGHT
text: They ride in a line, Dutch at the lead, followed by Parcher
text: and Callaghan. All have drawn guns.
text: The BURROWER NOISES continue from the surrounding plains.
text: The sky is enormous, filled with stars. Parcher's lip hangs
text: limp, his eyes heavily lidded.
text: Dutch rides slowly at the lead, watching the grass.
scene_heading: TIME LAPSE- EXT. SOUTHERN PLAINS— PRE-DAWN
text: They climb a rise in the land. Dutch is nodding on his
text: horse, exhausted. Parcher spurs his own horse forward,
text: alongside the lead.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Dutch.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
text: It's almost light.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Maybe. I'm falling apart.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: You'll be alright.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: ...-If I don't make it back, give
dialog: that cross to Ms. Gertrude Spacks
dialog: for me. Or give it to Dobie, tell
dialog: him it's for his mother.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: I’1l do it.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: I appreciate it.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
text: A fire.
text: Dutch looks over, Parcher swings his head over drunkenly.
text: Callaghan points at a dot of orange light on the horizon.
dialog: 77.
scene_heading: EXT. SOUTHERN PLAINS-— DAWN
text: The three riders approach FAITH, an attractive, 19-year-old
text: Sioux woman sitting alone by a small fire with her rifle.
text: She watches them steadily with dark, exhausted eyes. Parcher
text: calls out, his words drunken through his slackened face.
speaker_heading: PARCHER(SIOUX, SUB-TITLED)
dialog: <Friendly. Peaceful.>
text: Faith looks at Parcher. Her eyes darken. She traces a
text: finger on her own neck, mirroring Parcher's wound-
speaker_heading: FAITH(SIOUX, S.T.)
dialog: <You are marked. Burrowers.>
text: Parcher looks at her.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: What'd she say?
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: ---Told us to set a spell.
scene_heading: TIME LAPSE- EXT. FAITHS' CAMP- DAWN
text: Faith's face slightly underlit by the dying embers.
speaker_heading: FAITH(SIOUX, S.T.)
dialog: <Faithful.>
speaker_heading: PARCHER(O.S.)
dialog: Her name's Faith.
text: Parcher, Dutch, and Callaghan sit around the dying fire.
text: Parcher translates with an increasingly bleary voice.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: <Burrowers killed my family. Last
dialog: night I shot my husband so he would
dialog: not have to suffer the feeding.>
speaker_heading: PARCHER
text: She's talking about the Burrowers.
dialog: Says they killed her family.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: Ask her what a Burrower is.
speaker_heading: PARCHER(SIOUX, S.T.)
dialog: <Burrower. What tribe?>
text: Faith doesn't even look at him.
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: <They come every third generation.
dialog: We tried to escape to the East,
dialog: past the Great River. We were
dialog: eight .>
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: <Burrower. What is it?>
text: Faith looks at him. She seems tired and angry.
scene_heading: FLASHBACK- EXT. PLAINS- DAWN
text: We fly over empty plains, grasslands extending forever.
speaker_heading: FAITH(V.O.)
dialog: <They were here before white
dialog: people, before humans even. They
dialog: feed on buffalo.>
text: We overcome a herd of BUFFALO, hundreds of them stampeding.
scene_heading: FLASHBACK- EXT. PLAINS- NIGHT
text: A lone BUFFALO collapses in a heap on the plains.
text: In the moonlight, a Burrower slithers onto the Buffalo's neck
text: and RETCHES. It's indiscernible as a pale shadow.
text: Eight Burrowers, just vague shapes in the darkness, roll the
text: Buffalo into an open pit.
speaker_heading: FAITH(V.O.)
dialog: <They bury food, let it rot. The
dialog: poisoned cannot sleep.>
scene_heading: EXT. SOUTHERN PLAINS-— DAWN
text: Dobie's blue eye stares out of the soil. The ground bulges
text: weakly over his wiggling finger.
speaker_heading: PARCHER(V.O.)
dialog: They use some kind of poison, bury
dialog: their food alive.
text: Particles of dirt have collected in the moisture on the
text: surface of Dobie's horribly bloodshot eye. A line of tears
text: traces down his cheek
dialog: 79.
scene_heading: EXT. DOBIE'S CAMP- DAY
text: The mess wagon lays untouched in the clearing. FOUR BUZZARDS
text: peck at Audrey's corpse, shriveled like a mummy. A buzzard
text: tears her CLAVICLE free and flies away with it.
scene_heading: EXT. PLAINS- DAY
text: DUTCH'S DERBY blows by, and out into the grass.
speaker_heading: FAITH(V.O.)
dialog: <When the blood is thick and the
text: organs are soft, they return and
dialog: eat. They drink.>
scene_heading: FLASHBACK- EXT. PLAINS- NIGHT
text: Eight Burrowers, half-concealed by grass, surround and cover
text: the barely disinterred buffalo, mouths fastened onto it.
speaker_heading: PARCHER(V.O.)
dialog: They eat... soft parts.
scene_heading: EXT. FAITH'S CAMP- MORNING
text: Parcher's voice smears clumsily through his numb face.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: Soft parts? What does that mean?
text: Parcher shakes his head, he doesn't know.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: I like my soft parts. Shit.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: <You killed the buffalo. So the
dialog: Burrowers found other food.>
dialog: Faith talks to the ground-
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: <We could not escape sleep. They
dialog: took five of us. A baby without a
dialog: breast to feed it died yesterday.>
text: Faith looks at Parcher.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: <You should die. The sooner you
dialog: die, the less you will suffer.>
dialog: Parcher doesn't translate this.
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: <How kill Burrowers? Stop poison?>
text: Faith shakes her head.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: <My father said the Ute had fought
dialog: them. But the Ute are as wicked as
dialog: white men, they will not help.>
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Ute Indians know how to kill them.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: Does she know how to stop the
dialog: poison?
text: Parcher looks at Dutch, then turns to Faith. He points at
text: the wound on his neck.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: <Heal? Make whole?>
text: Faith nods.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: <You can die.>
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: ...The Ute might know.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: Where do we find Utes?
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: There’s probably Ute scouts riding
dialog: the same route we’re on, though
dialog: they avoid the trails. We can find
dialog: ‘em a day’s ride North. There’s a
dialog: trading post, the Watangwa. If we
dialog: can make it there...
speaker_heading: DUTCH (INTERRUPTING)
dialog: What about the Stewarts?
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: What about them?
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: We can’t stop searching so you can
dialog: go after your cure.
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: We find the Utes, they lead us to
dialog: the Burrower Tribe. We kill the
dialog: Burrowers, you get your girl, go
dialog: build that cabin on the prairie,
dialog: play American.
text: Dutch thinks, not sure to trust Parcher.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: Is Faith coming with us?
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Yeah. That or I'm shooting her.
text: Parcher smiles at her. She knows better than to smile back.
speaker_heading: TIME LAPSE
scene_heading: EXT. SOUTHERN PLAINS- DAY
text: Dutch watches the landscape roll under his horse. Faith
text: walks along beside the three horses. Parcher has lashed his
text: limp left hand to his saddle horn with a cord. He’s grinning,
text: excited like a kid on an Easter-egg hunt.
text: Callaghan looks over at Faith, sees that she is beginning to
text: limp, as if afflicted with blisters.
text: Dutch looks at Parcher, is a little disturbed by the fierce
text: not-quite-grin on his face, twisted by his slack muscles.
text: There's a DARK SPOT on his jaw, like a BED SORE. Parcher
text: turns his grin on Dutch, who looks away.
scene_heading: EXT. NORTHERN HILLS- DAY
text: Trees again dot the plains. The land rises and falls in
text: gentle swells. Stone domes poke through the ground.
text: Dutch watches Parcher up ahead. A SCARLET BRUISE, like a
text: blemish on rotting fruit, marks the back of Parcher's neck.
text: There's a sheen of yellow around it, maybe liquid.
text: Faith is now riding behind Callaghan, asleep against his
text: back. Callaghan veers his horse over towards Dutch's.
text: Parcher is a short distance ahead, out of earshot.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: You see that bruise on Parcher's
dialog: neck?
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: DUTCH (NODDING)
text: On his face and hands, too.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
text: He's falling apart.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: The Ute Indians will fix him.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: You believe that?
text: Dutch doesn’t answer.
dialog: Callaghan
dialog: slick and
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: I'm thinking maybe I ain't so eager
dialog: to risk my hide for that crazy old
dialog: shitbird's Indian cure.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: We’re not risking anything for him.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: You still think you’re gonna find
dialog: your girl? That Maryanne Stewart?
dialog: What if that’s happening to her?
text: nods towards Parcher. Dutch looks at the sores,
text: purple-yellow.
speaker_heading: PARCHER(O.S., INTERRUPTING)
dialog: What's the ruckus back here?
text: Parcher has slowed his horse, swerves over to join them.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Thought I mighta heard my name.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: Just talking.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: You boys look bushed. We're
text: already in Ute territory. Couple
text: hours shy of the Watangwa.
text: Parcher spits. His voice comes out in a drunken slur.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: I didn't sleep a wink last night.
text: Just lay there with my gun, waiting
dialog: for something to move.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: PARCHER (cont'd)
dialog: Whatever them Indians cut me with,
dialog: it's got my brain racing like a...
dialog: like I was a young man again. I
dialog: feel lucky. Makes me wish I could
dialog: move my god-damn arms.
text: Parcher LAUGHS. It's maudlin in his stroke-victim slur.
text: Dutch and Callaghan exchange a look.
speaker_heading: FAITH(SIOUX, S.T.)
dialog: <Your wound is spotted.>
text: Callaghan starts. Nobody realized she was awake. She nods at
text: the wound on Parcher's neck. The wound is marked with tiny
text: white fungal dots.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: <That's how they will find you.>
text: The grin vanishes from Parcher's slackened face.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: What was that?
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: ..-Not a thing.
scene_heading: BLACK ON SCREEN
text: RATTLES, HISSES, the Burrower PURRING. Pale movement in
text: darkness, like white worms in black soil.
scene_heading: EXT. NORTHERN HILLS, WATANGWA TRADING POST - DUSK
text: The three horses and four riders approach a tall POLE driven
text: into the ground, rags and feathers hanging from the top.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: We're here.
text: Dutch and Callaghan stop their horses. The pole seems to
text: mark the dead center of nowhere. Rocky, forested hills rise
text: up around them.
text: The place looks like desolation, like people have died here,
dialog: from ambush, starvation, or both.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: The Watangwa. We made it.
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: Made it? There’s no “here” here.
dialog: We’re dead center nowhere.
text: They’re completely alone, exposed, lost in the sparse trees.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: The Utes’1l come. We just gotta
dialog: wait. Get me off this horse, my
text: ass feels like soggy bread.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: <We shouldn’t stop.>
text: Dutch gets off of his horse and looks around. Callaghan
text: climbs off his horse nervously. Faith looks at him.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: No... <Don’t stop. It’s getting
dialog: dark.>
text: Callaghan looks at her, trying to understand. Faith is
text: exhausted, gestures weakly as she speaks.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: <They’11 kill us.>
text: Callaghan imitates her speech, trying to communicate.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN (PARROTING)
dialog: <They’1l... kill...?>
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: <They’11 kill us all.>
text: This time he gets it right, no idea what he’s saying-
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: <They’11 kill us all.>
scene_heading: TIME LAPSE- WATANGWA TRADING POST CAMP - NIGHT
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN (0O.S. )
dialog: Your watch, man, I need sleep.
text: Dutch blearily opens his eyes. Callaghan is crouching over
text: him, speaking low enough so only Dutch can hear.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
text: The old man's still awake.
text: Dutch nods, and sits up from his blankets.
dialog: 85.
scene_heading: TIME LAPSE- EXT. NORTHERN HILLS CAMP- NIGHT
text: Dutch sits by the campfire with a rifle across his knees,
text: watching the plains. The RATTLING is soft, but it's there.
text: Dutch looks absolutely exhausted.
speaker_heading: PARCHER (SLURRED )
dialog: Your eyes open, bud?
text: Parcher is lying on his back by the fire, heavy-lidded eyes
text: staring upwards. The BRUISING on Parcher's face is worse,
text: spreading nearly to his left eye. His left hand is nearly
text: black. He's rotting alive.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Dutch. You hear me, Dutch?
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: I'm awake.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Real good. You stay that way.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: I'll tell you if I fall asleep.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Much appreciated.
text: Dutch throws another piece of wood onto the fire.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: You think that boy and his squaw
dialog: are gonna try to leave us?
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: -.-No.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: I'd sure hate to have to shoot
dialog: somebody for trying to abandon me
dialog: out here.
text: Dutch stirs the fire. With each SWELL in the BURROWER
text: RATTLE, Dutch's eyelids are tugged downward.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: You hear what I'm saying?
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: No, I'm asleep.
dialog: 86.
text: Parcher grins with the half of his mouth he can move. The
text: PURRING from out in the grass swells, Dutch's eyes go a
text: little glassy.
text: Dutch yawns. Parcher grins. The Burrower PURRING swells
text: again, tugging at Dutch's consciousness. Dutch lets his lids
text: droop downward. A beat.
text: The CLICK of a cocked his pistol. Dutch's eyes snap open-
text: Parcher is turned, watching the grass on the edge of camp
text: behind them. It MOVES against the wind, in time with the
text: Burrower RATTLING. Parcher's revolver weaves drunkenly at
text: the movement. Dutch raises his rifle.
text: The two gun barrels track the grass' movement, slowly across
text: the circumference of camp. Neither Parcher nor Dutch notices
dialog: behind them-
text: A PALE FIGURE rising from the earth on the far side of camp,
text: between Callaghan and Faith. The RATTLING grows.
text: The grass moving before Dutch and Parcher pauses, then cuts
text: back the way it came. Stalks of grass collapse.
text: Background, out of focus- The Burrower stalking Callaghan
text: arrives over him, and draws back a clawed hand. Loose earth
text: falls from its back and PATTERS softly on the ground.
text: Dutch's eyes dart back at the sound. He YELLS and spins,
text: raising the rifle. Callaghan opens his eyes and SCREAMS.
text: CRACK, CRACK, Dutch fires. The second bullet hits the
text: Burrower and it HISSES, retreating into the grass.
text: The grass behind Parcher and Dutch collapses, and a SECOND
text: BURROWER emerges, slinking swiftly towards Dutch.
text: Callaghan scrambles to his feet, likewise Faith.
text: BLAM, Parcher fires his pistol limply into the earth, nearly
text: throwing the gun from his rotting hand. Dutch turns at the
dialog: sound and finds-
text: A GAPING MAW. A toothless mouth as big around as a baby's
text: head, strung with mucous and bile, like a hole punched in a
text: sheet of melted cheese.
text: The Burrower's head is mottled yellow and brown flesh, the
text: eyes tiny, subterranean pink, too far apart. The flesh is
text: plated, but soft, like a boiled insect.
dialog: 87.
text: Dutch throws himself backwards, towards the fire, CRACK,
text: CRACK, firing his rifle into the creature. It jerks
dialog: backwards, HISSING.
text: Callaghan grabs his pistol off the ground. Faith scrambles
text: towards the fire.
text: Parcher turns drunkenly towards Callaghan and raises his
text: pistol. Movement in the grass behind Callaghan.
text: Dutch fires, CRACK, CRACK, into the Burrower before him as it
text: insinuates itself into the earth and vanishes.
text: BLAM, BLAM, Parcher fires his pistol at the Burrower behind
text: Callaghan. BLAM, on Parcher's third shot, Callaghan YELLS
text: and drops, holding his leg.
text: Faith grabs the dropped pistol.
text: Sudden silence but for Callaghan's PAINED BREATHING and the
text: dwindling PURR of the retreating Burrowers.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: Callaghan.
text: Dutch runs to him. He pulls his belt tight around
text: Callaghan's leg, staunching the flow of blood.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Did you see those things? Jesus
dialog: Christ.
text: Parcher is glassy-eyed excited, gun in hand, barely able to
text: prop himself up. He's almost laughing.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: You shot me, goddamnit.
text: Dutch struggles to tie off the impromptu tourniquet, his
text: hands slick with blood. Callaghan HISSES in pain.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: I saved your life, boy.
text: Callaghan holds his bleeding leg and stares at Parcher.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: <Put more wood on the fire.>
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Put wood on the fire, she says.
dialog: 88.
text: Dutch picks up his rifle in one hand and uses the other to
text: toss more wood on the fire. The firelight jumps, but does
text: little to penetrate the forested hills.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: <We should go. We should keep
dialog: moving. They’ll find him by his
dialog: wound.>
text: She points at Parcher.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: <We leave him, he’s already dead.
dialog: We need to go.>
text: Dutch looks at Faith, shakes his head-
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: I don’t understand.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: <We must go. We keep moving or we
dialog: die.>
speaker_heading: DUTCH (TO PARCHER)
dialog: What’s she saying?
speaker_heading: PARCHER
text: Nonsense. The squaw’s hysterical.
text: Dutch shakes his head. He takes Faith’s hands and lifts
text: them. He gestures.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: Use hands. Sign.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Oh great Christ.
text: Dutch ignores him. Faith gestures to Callaghan, Dutch, and
text: the horses, then makes a moving gesture, thrusting a hand
text: back out of the trees.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: She wants us to go.
text: Callaghan, Parcher, and Faith are all looking at Dutch. His
dialog: decision is going to determine their course.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: What do you think?
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: No! You’re not gonna listen to
dialog: that red-skinned bitch!
text: Dutch looks at Parcher, makes his decision.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: She knows more than we do.
dialog: (to Callaghan)
dialog: Can you ride?
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: I don't know. If you get me ona
dialog: horse, yeah, maybe.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Like hell.
text: Parcher dumps the spent cartridges from his gun. He shoves a
text: fresh round into one the five chambers.
text: Dutch starts towards him. Parcher shuts the breach and
text: raises the pistol. Dutch stops.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: We're staying right god-damn here.
text: Dutch looks at him, he’s only six steps away, and Parcher’s
text: barely able to lift the pistol. He steps forward.
text: Parcher pulls the trigger. CLICK. Dutch lunges forward.
text: Parcher pulls the trigger, CLICK. And again...
text: Dutch yanks the gun out of his hand before the hammer can
text: fall. Parcher flails his arm and YELLS like a toddler ina
text: tantrum. (Like a half-paralyzed, rotting toddler in a
text: tantrum.) He catches his breath, then-
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: God damn you to hell, Dutch.
scene_heading: EXT. NORTHERN HILLS- NIGHT
text: The four riders lope along in a line. Faith behind Callaghan
text: at the lead, nearly holding him in the saddle. Parcher
text: slumped on his horse, hands tied at the wrist to the pommel.
text: Dutch brings up the rear, weary.
text: Their horses pick their way slowly through the darkness.
text: Callaghan sweats, grimacing with each bounce of his horse.
text: Dutch watches the moonlit landscape, silvery and dim.
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: You boys better hope to God I die.
text: Nobody answers.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: <More blood is coming.>
text: She says it to Callaghan, gesturing to his leg. Blood is
text: dribbling off the heel of his boot. He's near the point of
text: falling unconscious. He pauses, calls out-
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: ...Dutch. We gotta do something
dialog: about my leg.
text: He reins his horse to a halt. Ahead, Parcher grins through
text: his stroke-victim face.
scene_heading: EXT. NORTHERN HILLS GULCH- NIGHT
text: Dutch adjusts the flame on a second lantern, the two small
text: fires together casting an ellipse of weak light.
text: He leaves his rifle by the lanterns, stands, and crosses to
text: Callaghan's horse, which Faith holds by the reigns.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: Here.
text: Dutch reaches up and helps Callaghan off the horse.
text: Callaghan leans heavily on Dutch's shoulders, grimacing and
text: hissing with pain. He YELLS when his left leg touches
text: ground. His right leg hangs limp, soaked with blood.
text: Parcher watches, almost amused. Then he looks past them, out
text: into the darkness.
text: Suddenly, yelled from outside the firelight-
speaker_heading: UTE VOICE(O.S., YELLING)
dialog: Good Indian! Peaceful! Good
dialog: Indian!
text: All eyes snap towards the sound.
text: Dutch looks at his rifle. It's ten feet away, by the
text: lanterns; he can't grab it without dropping Callaghan.
text: TWO UTE WARRIORS walk into the circle of lantern light. One
text: is Tall, the other Short. The short one points at himself.
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: SHORT UTE
dialog: Good Indian.
dialog: (Ute, s.t.)
dialog: <Are you able to speak?>
text: Nobody responds. Both Ute are armed with RIFLES slung around
text: their backs. The Shorter Ute has three BEARTRAPS on his belt.
speaker_heading: SHORT UTE
dialog: No English.
text: Dutch looks towards his rifle, then back at the Ute.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN (WHISPERING)
dialog: Drop me. Get the rifle.
speaker_heading: FAITH(SIOUX, S.T.)
dialog: <Ute.>
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Praise God, He sent us some Utes.
dialog: I don't know any Ute words.
speaker_heading: SHORT UTE
dialog: Frangais?
speaker_heading: DUTCH (FRENCH, S.T.)
dialog: <Yes. I speak French.>
speaker_heading: SHORT UTE(FRENCH, S.T.)
dialog: <Good. To speak French. We...
dialog: good Indian. Friends.>
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: <We look for a missing white
dialog: family. Burrowers took them.>
text: The Tall Ute leans down and MURMURS something to the Short
text: one. He nods towards Parcher.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN (WHISPERING)
dialog: Get your rifle.
speaker_heading: DUTCH(LOW, TO CALLAGHAN)
dialog: Can you stand?
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: Drop me.
text: The Short Ute addresses Dutch again, pointing at Parcher.
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: SHORT UTE
dialog: <Dead man. We are to fix. Little
dialog: fish? We come from south. We
dialog: hunt. Little fish to hunt with.>
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: He says they can fix you.
text: Something about a small fish.
dialog: <I don't understand.>
text: The Tall Ute is moving towards Parcher.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Stay back! Tell him to stay back!
text: The Short Ute shows his palms, trying to calm Parcher. The
text: Tall Ute keeps advancing. He pulls a bundle of TROPHIES from
text: his belt, hanging on a loop of rawhide. They are trinkets,
text: jewelry, snatches of cloth.
speaker_heading: TALL UTE
dialog: <Little fish. We use the sick as
dialog: Little fish, understand?>
text: He shakes the bundle of trophies.
speaker_heading: TALL UTE
dialog: <From the sick.>
speaker_heading: DUTCH
text: He keeps saying Little Fish.
speaker_heading: PARCHER (REALIZING)
dialog: Jesus Christ amighty. He's talking
dialog: about bait.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: Drop me.
text: The Tall Ute reaches up and grabs the ropes binding Parcher's
text: wrists to the saddle.
text: Dutch drops Callaghan and dives for his rifle. Callaghan
text: CRIES OUT in pain.
text: Parcher gives a slurred YELL as he's yanked off the horse and
text: onto the ground, the Tall Ute holding him. Parcher flails at
text: the Tall Ute, knocking the hoop of trophies from his hand.
text: The trophies fall to the ground.
dialog: 93.
text: Dutch gets a hand around his rifle when BLAM, the earth is
text: kicked up two feet from him. Faith SCREAMS. The Short Ute
text: is pointing his rifle at him.
speaker_heading: SHORT UTE
dialog: <To take the Little Fish. We fix.>
text: Dutch stays frozen over his rifle. Callaghan half-lies on
text: the ground, holding his bleeding leg.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Shoot this son of a bitch! Pick up
dialog: your god-damned rifle and shoot
dialog: this son of a bitch!
text: "Shoo zis sunuvabish" is how the words come out, slurred
text: almost beyond understanding by now. The Short Ute holds his
text: rifle on them as the Tall Ute drags Parcher across camp and
text: past him, into the darkness.
speaker_heading: SHORT UTE
dialog: <Little Fish already dead. Little
dialog: Fish for trap. To kill.>
speaker_heading: PARCHER (OVERLAPPING)
dialog: God damn you, Dutch! Don't let
dialog: them take me! You killed me, you
dialog: son of a bitch!
text: Parcher and the Tall Ute are already out of the light of the
text: fire and out of sight. The Short Ute, holding the rifle on
text: them, begins to back out of the firelight.
speaker_heading: SHORT UTE
dialog: <We are to fix. We are to kill.>
text: The Short Ute backs into darkness and vanishes.
text: Dutch stares into the darkness, the Short Ute could still be
text: just beyond the firelight, still pointing the rifle.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: Are they gone?
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: I don't know.
text: A beat. Dutch is the first to move. He crouches down and
text: picks up the loop of trophies.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: <We leave. He is already dead. We
dialog: leave now.>
dialog: 94,
text: A dozen trinkets taken from dead settlers, belt buckles,
text: jewelry, crosses. In between each trinket, there hangs a
text: small grayish-white bone, like half of a child's jaw,
text: toothless, non-human.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: I hope you’re not thinking of going
text: after him.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: They said they could fix him. Or
dialog: trap...
text: Dutch falls silent, staring at the trinkets in his hand. His
text: mouth opens a little, tears shine in his eyes.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: Oh god.
text: In Dutch’s hand, hanging from the Ute’s trophy cord, is
text: Maryanne Stewart’s BROOCH. Dutch leans against the horse and
text: closes his eyes. Callaghan watches him.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: Dutch...?
text: Dutch takes a breath.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
text: She's dead.
text: He stares off into the trees. Several moments- Dutch looks
text: on the edge of falling apart; exhausted, heart-broken.
text: Callaghan waits to speak-
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: Let’s go.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: I have to go after Parcher.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: Like hell you do. That sunuva
dialog: bitch was dead ‘fore them Indians
dialog: even touched him.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: It’s not for him. We don’t know
dialog: how to heal the Burrowers poison.
dialog: We don’t know to kill them.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: I want to go home.
dialog: 95.
dialog: We can see that Dutch wants to go home just as badly. He
text: puts the brooch in his pocket. He takes a breath.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
text: They took Maryanne from her home.
dialog: Home isn’t safe.
text: Callaghan looks at him. Dutch holds his gaze. Callaghan,
text: wearily, nods.
scene_heading: TIME LAPSE- EXT. NORTHERN HILLS GULCH- NIGHT
text: Dutch pulls Parcher's pistol from his saddle.
text: Callaghan pushes himself painfully into a sitting position
text: against a saddle lying on the ground. Faith paces nearby,
text: watching the edges of camp. She throws another piece of wood
text: on the fire. Dutch crosses to Callaghan and crouches.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: You be alright?
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: No. You hurry back. I think
dialog: she’ll watch out for me, but...
text: Callaghan gestures towards Faith. Dutch stands, crosses to
text: Faith, and hands her Parcher’s rifle.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: Stay? Watch out for him.
text: Dutch points at Callaghan. Tries to pantomime the sentence.
text: Faith takes the rifle, and nods slightly.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN (TO DUTCH)
dialog: Be careful.
text: Dutch takes up his own rifle and nods again. He looks
text: frightened but determined. He takes a breath and walks away
text: from camp, out of the light of the fire.
scene_heading: EXT. NORTHERN HILLS- NIGHT
text: The starlight shines somewhere between silver and lead,
text: everything nearly black and white in the dim illumination.
text: It could be a daguerreotype. Luminous white-barked birch.
text: Dutch moves through the trees cautiously, rifle in one hand
text: and pistol in the other. He squints into the darkness.
dialog: 96.
text: WIND moves the small trees, shifting shadows dancing over the
text: blowing grass. Burrower RATTLES come and go from seemingly
dialog: every direction.
speaker_heading: TIME LAPSE
text: Dutch moves deeper into the trees. He seems to be moving
text: towards and away from the Burrower RATTLE at the same time.
text: RUNNING FOOTSTEPS crunch dead leaves. Dutch spins, just as-
text: The Short Ute arrives and CLOCKS Dutch across the face with
text: the butt of his rifle. Dutch drops his rifle and falls to
text: the earth. The Short Ute lands on top of him, hand clamped
text: over his mouth.
speaker_heading: SHORT UTE(FRENCH, S.T.)
dialog: <Silence.>
text: CLICK, of a revolver being cocked. The Ute looks down.
text: Dutch's revolver is pointed at his chest. BLAM.
text: The Ute falls backwards, dead before he hits the ground.
text: Dutch scrambles to his feet. The Ute doesn't move. Silence,
text: his smoking gun. He looks around. Nobody but the dead Ute.
text: Parcher MOANS from somewhere nearby. It's a low, weak sound,
text: nearly a death-rattle.
text: Dutch turns and runs in a crouch towards the sound. He keeps
text: his head low, pistol and rifle ready. He jogs through small
text: trees, CRUNCHING through dead leaves, rises a hill and finds-
scene_heading: EXT. NORTHERN HILLS CLEARING- NIGHT
text: A bare expanse of rocky earth, surrounded by trees.
text: Dutch passes a pile of SHARPENED POLES, 12-foot birch spears
text: lying piled at the clearing's edge.
text: In the center, Parcher is lying face-up on a slab of rock,
text: his arms and legs bound by ropes pegged to the ground.
text: Burrower PURRS and RATTLES surround the clearing.
text: Dutch moves cautiously out towards Parcher.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: Jesus, Dutch. Thank God.
text: Dutch leans down over him and unties Parcher's good arm.
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: PARCHER
dialog: They put something in me. Made me
dialog: drink...
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: Drink? What was it?
text: Dutch reaches across to untie Parcher's rotten arm. Parcher
text: glances past Dutch and GASPS.
text: Dutch follows Parcher's eyes, glancing over his shoulder.
text: Parcher LURCHES upward and GRABS the pistol from Dutch's
text: waist, pointing it at the TALL UTE suddenly behind Dutch.
text: BLAM, Parcher FIRES the gun, inches from Dutch's face. The
text: muzzle flash SEARS across Dutch's eyes, he falls backwards.
text: A bullet wound PUNCTURES the belly of the Tall Ute.
text: DUTCH'S POV- Washed-out, overexposed, a RINGING in his ears.
text: Dutch stumbles backwards, holding his flash-blinded eyes.
text: His left foot pushes through a pile of dead leaves and SNAP,
text: a BEAR TRAP springs up, biting his ankle.
text: Dutch SCREAMS and falls to the ground.
text: The Tall Ute is half crab-walking, half dragging himself
text: away, bleeding heavily from the gut. Parcher holds the
text: pistol on him blearily, his arm swaying.
text: Dutch is close to shock, his POV bleached nearly white.
text: The Ute, near the edge of the clearing, lets himself
text: collapse, holding his belly. Parcher lets the pistol drop
text: and lies back on the rock.
text: Dutch wedges his fingers beneath the jaws of the bear trap.
text: He pulls, straining. The jaws begin to separate... then a
text: fingernail tears and the trap SNAPS shut again.
speaker_heading: DUTCH (PAIN)
dialog: shit!
text: FROM ABOVE- The Ute lies bleeding near the clearing's edge.
text: Parcher lies tethered by three points to a rock. Dutch sits
text: struggling to free his leg from the bear trap. SIX
text: INDENTATIONS appear in the rocky soil, churning.
text: SIX BURROWERS emerge into the clearing. They slink like
text: cats, moving on all fours.
dialog: 98.
text: They cast their heads towards the Ute, and Dutch, then focus
text: in on Parcher and spiral in towards him.
text: Parcher is the first to see them. He GASPS.
text: Parcher weakly lifts the dropped gun and BLAM, fires once
text: before the first two Burrowers are on him.
text: Dutch looks up at the sound, just in time to see the other
text: four Burrowers FLING themselves onto Parcher. They fasten
text: their gaping maws onto his body like piglets on a sow.
text: Parcher opens his mouth to scream, but the only sound that
text: comes out is the dying WHEEZE of a broken bellows. The
text: Burrowers arch their backs and suck, SLURPING the rotten
text: organs from Parcher's body.
text: A Burrower pulls its pale head away from the buffet, its face
text: dripping with blood and gore, as if fresh from a pie-eating
text: contest. It swings its head towards Dutch.
text: Dutch, still tethered by the bear trap, looks at the
text: creature. It HISSES with a blood-and-mucous strung mouth.
text: Dutch crabwalks backwards, away from the Burrower, pulling
text: the trap's tethering chain nearly taught before he FREEZES.
text: He looks down at his left hand, a SECOND BEAR TRAP waits
text: beneath a thin covering of leaves.
text: The Burrower starts slinking towards him. The thick yellow
text: nails on it's three-fingered hands drip white venom.
text: Dutch looks from the bear trap blocking his path to the
text: approaching creature. It’s ten feet away. It tenses to
text: pounce, HISSING, then FLINGS itself at Dutch.
text: Dutch YELLS, and catches the Burrower's hand, the dripping
text: talons inches from his neck. He twists, pushing the creature
text: onto the SECOND BEAR TRAP.
text: The trap SNAPS, CRUNCHING into the Burrower's side. The
text: Burrower ARCHES and SCREACHES in pain.
text: Dutch rolls away, and from the ground grabs a STICK, arm-
text: length, about two inches around. He wedges it into the jaws
text: of the trap holding his ankle, and pries it apart.
text: The trapped Burrower, arm's length from Dutch, LUNGES at him,
text: swiping. Dutch YANKS his leg free and rolls away, the
text: venomous claw missing him by inches.
speaker_heading: TALL UTE (UTE, SUB-TITLED)
dialog: <No!>
dialog: 99,
text: Dutch looks over. Another BURROWER is slinking towards the
text: gut-shot Ute, talons dripping. The Ute cries out.
text: Dutch LURCHES to his feet, his wounded ankle nearly giving
text: out, and limps to intercept the creature before it reaches
dialog: the Ute.
text: One of the Burrowers still feeding on Parcher suddenly lifts
text: its head and HISSES. It stumbles back from Parcher,
text: drunkenly, and then collapses to the ground.
text: The other three Burrowers raise their bloody maws from
text: Parcher's drained corpse and look over. The unconscious
text: Burrower lies on the ground, sucking small, shallow breaths
text: like an asthmatic child.
text: The Burrower bearing down on the wounded Ute weaves
text: drunkenly, but is only paces away. PANTING with pain, Dutch
text: grabs a SHARPENED POLE from the pile on the ground.
text: The Burrower raises back a claw, ready to swipe at the Ute.
text: Dutch lunges, PLUNGING the birch pole through the Burrower's
text: torso and into the ground below. The creature SCREECHES.
text: The bear-trap Burrower's eyes are closed, it pushes weakly
text: against the ground.
text: The three Burrowers over Parcher stumble away, drunkenly.
text: The Burrower speared to the ground wearily lolls its head.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: +-.-You poisoned them.
text: The Ute, breathing through clenched teeth, almost grins.
text: One-by-one, the Burrowers collapse blearily to the ground,
text: unconscious. Barely standing, Dutch watches them fall.
text: All six creatures lie unconscious, smeared with Parcher's
text: dark blood, breathing shallowly.
text: Dutch tries to catch his breath.
text: Parcher's body is an empty husk, pale white and mummified.
text: His chest and belly collapsed like a sunken soufflé.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: Heavenly god.
text: The gut-shot Ute is weakly trying to CALL OUT.
text: Standing over an unconscious Burrower, Dutch gets our first
dialog: real clear look at the creatures:
dialog: 100.
text: Humanoid. Three thick fingers on each hand ending in thick,
text: black, curled nails. A half-dozen small, vestigial, beetle-
text: looking TALONS, like Alaskan crab legs, line its torso
text: beneath the arms.
text: It has tiny, puckered eyes. Mucous-strung mouths as big
text: around as softballs. Completely hairless. A soft
text: exoskeleton, like a molting insect's, over mottled, rotten-
text: looking flesh, a stark contrast against the crimson stains on
text: their cheeks and chins.
text: Gooey strings of Parcher's blood blow in and out of the
text: things' mouths in time with their RASPING BREATH.
text: The Tall Ute CALLS OUT to Dutch, barely more than a directed
text: MOAN. Dutch looks over.
text: The Tall Ute's tunic is nearly black with blood in the
text: moonlight. The Ute points across the clearing.
text: Dutch's gaze follows the Ute's hand to the pile of BIRCH
text: SPEARS, the sharpened poles at the clearing's edge.
text: Dutch picks one up. The Tall Ute nods, and points at the
text: Burrower Dutch speared, pinning to the ground. Then he
text: points at the other unconscious creatures, pantomiming
text: thrusting spears into them.
text: Dutch limps over to the nearest Burrower, holds the spear
text: over it, and looks at the Ute. The Ute nods desperately.
text: Dutch kicks the Burrower onto its back, raises the spear, and
text: PLUNGES it downward into the thing's chest.
text: The Ute pumps his fist, pantomiming driving the stake down
text: deeper. Dutch twists the spear and pushes it through the
text: Burrower, down several feet into the ground.
text: The Burrower twists with the pressure and BILE dribbles from
text: its mouth.
text: The Ute looks towards the East, where the first gray light of
text: dawn is appearing. He turns back to Dutch and points at the
dialog: other Burrowers.
text: Dutch nods, limps over and grabs two more spears.
text: He kicks the second Burrower onto its back and drives the
text: stake through its chest and into the ground. He drives a
text: stake into the third Burrower.
text: The Ute nods, relieved, and collapses onto his back, PANTING.
text: Dutch impales the fourth Burrower. The fifth, and the sixth.
dialog: 101.
text: Dutch stands, the Burrowers are STILL BREATHING. Blood and
text: mucous shakes on their lips with every exhale.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: It didn't work.
dialog: (French, s.t.)
dialog: <It didn't work>
text: The Ute doesn't look at him.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: <They're still alive.>
text: The Ute doesn't respond. Dutch is
dialog: exhausted and all fucked up, looks
text: like he's about to cry. He walks
text: over to Parcher. Parcher's corpse
text: looks frail as a baby bird.
text: Dutch crouches down and grabs
text: Parcher's corpse from under the
text: arms. He lifts him, and starts to
text: drag him away.
text: He pulls him back six or seven feet
text: before Parcher's boot catches on a
text: rock. Dutch pulls and Parcher's
text: withered left arm TEARS OFF.
text: Dutch falls onto his ass with the
text: mummified limb in his hand. He
text: YELLS and drops it, scrambles
text: backwards, and comes to a rest
text: sitting on the ground.
text: Dutch sits there. He stares at the
text: ground. He looks at the gut-shot
text: Ute lying on the ground. Dutch
text: looks back at the ground and sits.
text: SUNLIGHT hits him. Dutch looks up.
text: The first rays of dawn cresting the
dialog: horizon.
text: The ASTHMATIC WHEEZING quickens,
text: becomes more urgent.
text: The Burrowers are stirring, limbs moving over the ground.
text: The sun climbs a little higher over the horizon. Light is
text: now falling directly on the six creatures.
text: They WHEEZE and HISS, there is a faint SIZZLING. One
text: Burrower opens its maw and lets loose a high-pitched sound
text: like a DOG WHISTLE. It raises its arms to the spear pinning
text: it to the ground.
text: The others come fully awake, HISSING and SCREAMING.
text: Dutch watches. The Burrowers' skin pulls tight in the
text: sunlight, STEAM rises off of it.
dialog: 102.
text: A Burrower digs at the ground, uselessly scratching at the
dialog: earth.
text: TINY BLISTERS appear on their yellowish flesh.
text: A Burrower, SCREAMING, pulls at the stake pinning it to the
text: ground, actually lifting itself off the earth.
text: The gut-shot Ute watches with fierce satisfaction.
text: Burrower skin SIZZLES and CRACKS in the sunlight. BILE
text: bubbles up from their mouths. They STEAM and SCREAM, flesh
text: falls from their bodies in blistering scraps. The Burrowers
text: writhe on the ground, their flesh burning away. Huge
text: BLISTERS rise and break.
text: Dutch watches as they SCREAM and fall to pieces.
text: By the time it's done, the Burrowers’ corpses look like BURNT
text: CHILDREN staked to the earth.
text: Dutch, bathed in sunlight, sitting on the ground between
text: Parcher's corpse and Parcher's arm, wipes the tears from his
text: eyes with bloody hands.
scene_heading: FADE TO BLACK
scene_heading: EXT. NORTHERN HILLS CAMP- DAWN
text: Callaghan is sitting and Faith pacing where we left them.
text: Dutch, holding the Ute's arm around his shoulder, stumbles
text: into camp. The Ute's feet barely drag on the ground, his
text: whole torso dark with blood. He's pale, but conscious.
scene_heading: TIME LAPSE- MORNING
text: They have the Ute laid out on blankets, taking shallow
text: breaths. Faith is gently tying strips of blanket around the
text: still-seeping wound in his stomach.
text: Callaghan and Dutch sit nearby. Dutch drinks coffee.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: It was sunlight. Burned them
dialog: alive. The Ute poisoned them. Put
dialog: something in Parcher that would
dialog: make the Burrowers sleep.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: Parcher's dead?
dialog: (Dutch nods.)
dialog: I'll miss him.
dialog: 103.
dialog: It's not a convincing performance. A beat, then-
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: I don't know what the poison was.
text: Callaghan looks at the gut-shot Ute.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: Can he talk?
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: I don't think so. ...If he dies we
dialog: won't find the poison.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: Shit. Nothing's easy.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: I can make it to Fort Bismark and
text: back with a doctor in two days.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN (RE: THE UTE)
dialog: You think he can live that long?
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: I don't know. What about you?
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: -..Get to it. The longer you wait
dialog: the deader we get. And you better
dialog: stay dead South. You miss that
dialog: fort by a few miles, you'll be lost
dialog: for days.
text: Dutch nods with heavy eyes. He wants nothing but sleep.
speaker_heading: CALLAGHAN
dialog: And if you gotta sleep, sleep in
dialog: the day, you hear me?
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: I won’t sleep.
text: Faith, her hands red with the Ute's blood, watches Dutch and
text: Callaghan. Callaghan reaches out a hand, Dutch takes it and
text: they shake.
text: Faith cradles the wounded Ute’s head in her lap. He blearily
text: tries to speak, but can’t. Faith is close to tears.
text: The Ute weakly points at Callaghan and Dutch, then covers his
text: ears with his hands. Tears roll down his face. Faith
text: cradles his head in her lap.
dialog: 104.
scene_heading: EXT. SOUTHERN PLAINS— MORNING
text: The rising sun finds Dobie's blue eye, slightly clouded over,
text: staring up at the deep blue sky.
scene_heading: EXT. NORTHERN PLAINS TO SOUTHERN PLAINS- VARIOUS / MONTAGE
text: POUNDING HOOVES. From morning to noon to night, Dutch pushes
text: his horse hard across the sparse plains, Clay’s horse
text: galloping on a rope tied behind. He switches horses to keep
text: up his speed, eyes raccooned with exhaustion.
scene_heading: EXT. SOUTHERN PLAINS- NIGHT
text: Dutch rides, exhausted, world tilting carnival around him.
text: Burrower RATTLES swell out of the grass around him. The small
text: GOLD CRUCIFIX, marked with WHITE GROWTHS, bounces inside
text: Dutch’s breast pocket. The grasslands are watching him.
scene_heading: EXT. SOUTHERN PLAINS- DAWN
text: A red sun crests the horizon.
text: ON THE GROUND- Dobie’s eye stares out over the plains.
text: DOBIE’S POV- through the grass, Dobie sees a horse and rider
text: approaching.
text: UNDERGROUND- Dobie’s finger wiggles furiously.
text: The rider is crossing Dobie’s sight diagonally. He gets
text: close enough that we can see that it’s Dutch. We see hope in
text: Dobie’s unmoving eye. Underground, his finger wiggles
dialog: desperately.
text: ON DUTCH- He reins his horse to a stop forty feet from Dobie,
text: looking down at the grass. He grins a little bit and we seen
text: what got his attention-- Dutch’s HAT, suspended in the grass.
text: He swings down, grabs the hat, and jams it onto his head.
text: ON THE GROUND- Dobie watches Dutch climb back on his horse
dialog: and ride away.
scene_heading: EXT. SOUTHERN PLAINS- AFTERNOON
text: Dutch stands, waving his arms at a MILITARY TRAIN, a dozen
text: Bluecoat soldiers and a mess wagon marching Northward. TWO
text: RIDERS break away from the train and head towards him.
dialog: 105.
scene_heading: INT. ARMY BARRACKS- NIGHT
text: CLOSE UP on Dutch's face, exhausted but at least cleaned up,
text: eating. He watches the OFFSCREEN SOLDIERS talk-
speaker_heading: SOLDIER(O.S.)
dialog: I can't rightly say, sir. He says
dialog: Will Parcher was killed, and
dialog: another man named Clay.
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT (0.S.)
dialog: Does he know the tribe that
dialog: attacked him?
speaker_heading: SOLDIER(O.S.)
dialog: No, sir. He's a foreigner, sir.
dialog: Might be simple.
scene_heading: EXT. SOUTHERN PLAINS-— MORNING
text: Dutch sits on a wagon, his left ankle thickly bandaged. He's
text: cleaned up, in fresh clothes. A black DRIVER and a DOCTOR
text: sits in the wagon behind them. Six BLUECOATS ride alongside,
text: along with an OGLALA SCOUT.
text: Dutch holds a cane across his lap and watches the prairie
text: ahead of them, anxious to return to his friends-
scene_heading: EXT. NORTHERN HILLS / MILITARY CAMP- DUSK
text: Faith and the Tall Ute hang dead from an impromptu GALLOWS.
text: The blood from his stomach wound tracing his legs show that
text: the Tall Ute was still alive when they strung him up.
text: Dozens of BLUECOATS mill around, setting up camp.
text: Standing by the wagon, leaning on his cane, Dutch stares
text: slack-jawed at Faith and the Tall Ute's corpses. His eyes
text: shine with tears.
text: Campfires burn all around him, throughout the trees, a
text: pleasant glow in the quickly fading light.
speaker_heading: HENRY VICTOR(0.S.)
dialog: Parcher's German! Hey, Parcher's
dialog: German!
text: Dutch turns, Henry Victor walks quickly and warmly towards
text: him, rubbing his hands together with satisfaction.
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: HENRY VICTOR
dialog: My god, man. They told me you were
dialog: here. I'm afraid you were too late
dialog: for Will Parcher.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: HENRY VICTOR
dialog: What the hell’d them Indians do?
dialog: We buried him proper, though. Man
dialog: was wiser'n I gave him credit.
dialog: Took four days and no small pain to
dialog: get them Sioux to tell us what
dialog: Parcher guessed right off. We've
dialog: got scouts routing out the Ute to
dialog: the North as we speak. Were able
dialog: to clear just about every last one
dialog: of them from this land. Reg'lar
dialog: Indians: they could whoop to beat
dialog: the band but can't fight for shit.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: Where's Callaghan?
speaker_heading: HENRY VICTOR
dialog: Who, now?
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: He was your cook. He was with...
speaker_heading: HENRY VICTOR
dialog: Walnut! He would have owed me his
dialog: life if he had survived.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: HENRY VICTOR
text: Amputated his leg and he up and
dialog: died on us. Man was delirious,
text: halucinating, never really woke.
text: Tears creep down Dutch's cheeks. Henry Victor's talking to
text: himself, barely notices Dutch is there.
speaker_heading: HENRY VICTOR
dialog: ‘Course we never did find them
dialog: Stewarts. Doubt we ever will, were
dialog: probably dead before we even
dialog: started looking. I guess all we
dialog: can really do is make sure it never
text: happens again.
dialog: 107.
text: Dutch looks at the ground, crying.
scene_heading: EXT. SOUTHERN PLAINS-— MORNING
text: Dutch rides Parcher's horse away from a dozen BLUECOAT
text: SOLDIERS riding South.
scene_heading: EXT. WASHBURNE CRICK - DAY
text: We see the settlement from out in the plains, alone ina
text: world of grass. The houses are still unoccupied.
text: We tilt down and reveal six SUNKEN PATCHES in the ground.
dialog: They’re graves, recently robbed. If we look closely, we can
text: see scraps of bone and withered skin in the grass. A piece
text: of lace from one of the Stewart children’s nightgowns.
text: They were buried less than a 1/4 mile from their homes.
scene_heading: EXT. THE SPACKS HOUSE- DAY
text: Dutch rides towards the large Victorian home. He eyes the
text: approaching home with trepidation.
scene_heading: EXT. THE SPACKS HOUSE PORCH- DAY
text: Gertrude, wiping her hands on her apron, opens the door and
text: finds Dutch standing with his hat in hand. Dutch inhales to
dialog: begin speaking...
scene_heading: INT. GERTRUDE'S PARLOR- DAY
text: Dutch perches uncomfortably on a wing-back chair as Gertrude
text: WEEPS softly, sitting on the sofa opposite.
text: This has been going on for some time. Dutch holds his hat on
text: his knees, moving his hands along the brim.
text: The GOLD CRUCIFIX dangles by its chain from Gertrude's hands.
text: Gertrude gets control, wipes at her face with a kerchief.
speaker_heading: GERTRUDE
dialog: Have you had lunch, Mr. Leijderova?
scene_heading: EXT. THE SPACKS HOUSE- AFTERNOON
text: Dutch carries a picnic basket, walking next to Gertrude, who
text: carries a blanket. They walk towards the box elder tree
dialog: where the earlier picnic took place.
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: GERTRUDE
text: Dobie's still alive.
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: I think so, too.
speaker_heading: GERTRUDE
dialog: It's not a thinking matter. A
dialog: mother would know. My son will
dialog: come back to me.
text: The GOLD CRUCIFIX is looped around Gertrude's neck.
speaker_heading: GERTRUDE
dialog: Do you like pineapple?
speaker_heading: DUTCH
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: GERTRUDE
dialog: I think you will. Parcher loved
text: pineapple.
text: She pauses.
speaker_heading: GERTRUDE
dialog: I’m sorry about Maryanne.
dialog: (Dutch nods)
dialog: Her poor family... I don't want to
dialog: feel guilty. I think our duty is to
dialog: live as well as we can. It gives
dialog: reason to the sacrifices that men
dialog: like Parcher and you made. A lot of
dialog: Americans died so we could make a
dialog: life here. It would be a sin if we
dialog: didn't.
text: They arrive in the shade of the Box Elder. Gertrude fingers
text: the gold cross. It’s still spotted with tiny WHITE GROWTHS.
scene_heading: EXT. THE SOUTHERN PLAINS- NIGHT
text: The grass moves in amber waves across the slowly sloping
text: land. The cloudless sky casts clear, stark, starlight down
text: onto the plains. Dobie is pulled from the earth by a dozen
text: hungry hands. He’s still alive, still awake when the feeding
text: begins.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
