scene_heading: THE THIN RED LINE
dialog: by
dialog: Terrence Malick
dialog: Based on the Novel
dialog: by
dialog: James Jones
scene_heading: USE FOR EDUCATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY
dialog: To the Memory of James Jones
dialog: And Those Who Served With Him
dialog: They Live With Us
dialog: It was an act of love. Those men on
dialog: the line were my family, my home.
dialog: They were closer to me than I can
dialog: say, closer than my friends had
dialog: been or ever would be. They had
dialog: never let me down, and I could
dialog: never do it to them. I had to be
dialog: with them, rather than let them
dialog: down and me live with the knowledge
dialog: that I might have saved them. Men,
dialog: I now know, do not fight for flag
dialog: or country, for the Marine Corps or
dialog: glory or any other abstraction.
dialog: They fight for one another. Any man
dialog: in combat who lacks comrades who
dialog: will die for him, or for whom he is
dialog: willing to die, is not a man at
dialog: all. He is truly damned.
dialog: William Manchester
dialog: the journalist
dialog: writing in Goodbye Darkness about
dialog: his experience on Guadalcanal.
dialog: (Like Fife, he walked away from the
text: safety of a hospital in a secure
dialog: area to return to his company in
dialog: combat. )
speaker_heading: COMPANY ROSTER
dialog: (Partial)
speaker_heading: "C" CO, UMTH INF
dialog: - Stein, James I, Capt, "C" Co Cmdg
dialog: - Band, George R, 1st Lt, Exec
dialog: - Whyte, William L, 2nd Lt, 1st P1 Cmdg
dialog: - Blane, Thomas C, 2nd Lt, 2ns P1 Cmdg
dialog: - Gore, Alberto 0, 2nd Lt, 3rd P1 Cmdg
scene_heading: - Culp, Robert (NMI), 2nd Lt, 4th (Weapons) P1 Cmdg
speaker_heading: EM
dialog: ist/Sgt
dialog: - Welsh, Edward (NMI)
dialog: S/Sgts
dialog: - Grove, Ldr 1st P1
dialog: - Keck, Ldr 2nd P1
dialog: - MacTae, Supply
dialog: - Stack, Ldr 3rd P1
dialog: - Storm, Mess
dialog: Sgts
speaker_heading: - Becker, Sqd Ldr Rfl
dialog: - Dranno, Co Clk
speaker_heading: - McCron, Sqd Ldr Rfl
speaker_heading: Cpls
dialog: - Fife, Fwd Clk
dialog: - Jenks, Asst Sqd Ldr Rfl
dialog: - Queen “ “ow 4
dialog: ,
dialog: - Thorne, “ “ 4 4
dialog: ,
speaker_heading: Pyvts 1cl
dialog: - Bead, Asst Fwd Clk
dialog: - Dale, 2nd Cook
dialog: - Doll, Rflmn
dialog: - Earl, a
dialog: - Marl, a
dialog: - Ash, “
dialog: - Bell, “
dialog: - Carni, “”
dialog: - Catch, “”
dialog: - Catt, “”
dialog: - Coombs, “
dialog: - Crown, “”
dialog: - Drake, “
dialog: - Gluk, “
dialog: - Jacques,”
dialog: - Kline, “
dialog: - Kral, a
dialog: - Mazzi, Mtrmn
dialog: - Peale, Rflmn
dialog: - Sico, a
dialog: Stearns,”
dialog: Suss, a
dialog: Tassi, “
dialog: Tella, “”
dialog: Tills, Mtrmn
dialog: Train, Rflmn
dialog: Weld, “
dialog: Wynn, “
dialog: Replacements
dialog: Bosche, Charles S, Capt, "C" Co Cmdg
dialog: Others
dialog: Tall, Gordon ML, Lt Col, 1st Bn Cmdg
dialog: Haines, Ira P, Maj, Rgtl Srgn
dialog: Gaff, John B, Capt, 1st Bn Exec
dialog: Carr, Frederick C, Capt, Rgtl S-1
dialog: Hoke, Pvt, of Cannon Co
dialog: Witt, Pvt, of Cannon Co
scene_heading: EXT. A WARSHIP AT SEA - 1942 - DAY
text: A young Admiral receives an encoded message from a
text: radiotelegraph and interprets it for a group of Army
dialog: commanders aboard a warship. An Army division must be
text: diverted to support the Marines on Guadalcanal, an island
text: which none of them is familiar with but which it appears is
dialog: of critical importance in maintaining the supply route
dialog: between the United States and Australia now in the first year
text: of the war. The Army commanders tell him that two divisions
dialog: are available; each is already at sea. The choice of which to
text: deploy is his and, after a few seconds of hesitation, he
text: makes it. He asks them to return to him some day in the
dialog: future and to tell him, since he must remain far from the
text: fighting, about their experience in the ordeal to come.
dialog: Soldiers in the Civil war,.he says, spoke of “seeing the
dialog: Elephant”: it was as though in combat a strange, awesome
dialog: creature would appear, whose features one could not quite
dialog: describe to anyone who had not seen it for himself. He would
dialog: like to hear from them what this Elephant is.
scene_heading: INT. BRIG - DAWN
text: FIRST SGT. WELSH sits in the brig of a warship, talking with
text: PFC WITT, a young man from Breathitt County, Kentucky, a
dialog: regular and formerly a regimental boxer.
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: I can put you up for a court-
dialog: martial, or I can give you non-
dialog: judicial punishment. Your choice,
dialog: up or down. It's a felony offense
dialog: to strike an officer -- that
dialog: includes an NCO.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: It ain't right.
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: We're going to send you to a place
dialog: where you learn or you don't.
dialog: They're going to shape you up.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: What did the Captain say?
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: Captain don't want you. Company
dialog: don't want you.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: You fixed it that way.
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: You were gambling. You got mad
dialog: because you lost. I've read your
dialog: record. You been a loser all your
dialog: life. You don't fool me. You'll
dialog: never amount to nothing.
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: You hit an NCO from another unit
dialog: in a war zone. Normally you'd go to
dialog: Leavenworth.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: Baloney!
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: This isn't a normal situation. I
dialog: worked a deal. Consider yourself
dialog: lucky. If this got to Battalion,
dialog: you'd be court-martialed. Maybe
dialog: hanged.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: Nonsense.
speaker_heading: WELSH
text: A felony offense, in a war zone.
dialog: I've had trouble with you since
dialog: Hawaii. You're a bad soldier. You'd
dialog: let us down.
text: Welsh leaves. The steel door crashes shut behind him. witt
text: turns to the prisoner in the next cell, a man named HOKE.
speaker_heading: HOKE
dialog: (after a silence)
dialog: What a jerk!
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: Yeah. Partly he's right, though...
dialog: I screwed up my life. I thowed away
dialog: my pearl.
scene_heading: EXT. DECK OF TRANSPORT
text: A LEGEND appears over a DISTANT VIEW of a lovely South
text: Pacific island: “Guadalcanal, 9 November 1942.” Two transport
text: ships of the U.S. Navy have sneaked up from the south in the
text: first graying flush of dawn to deliver fresh reinforcement
dialog: troops.
dialog: 7.
text: For their crews, this is a routine mission and one they know
text: well; but to the men in the hold, the trip is neither routine
dialog: nor known.
scene_heading: INT. SECOND FORWARD HOLD - DAWN
text: CORPORAL FIFE, the orderly room clerk, sits against a
text: bulkhead, sick with fear. Beads of moisture cover the steel
text: walls. The fighting men of C-for-Charlie Company pick their
text: wet shirts loose from their armpits, look at their watches
text: and wait impatiently. The bunks are covered with their gear;
text: there is nowhere to sit except in the companionways. On
text: Fife's right, PVTS MAZZI and TILLS clutch their knees.
speaker_heading: MAZZI
dialog: You think we'll catch a fucking air
dialog: raid?
speaker_heading: TILLS
dialog: How the hell do I know? All I know,
dialog: them crew guys said they din’t
dialog: catch no air raid last time they
dialog: made this run. On the other hand,
dialog: time before last they almost got
dialog: blew up. What do you want me to
dialog: tell you?
speaker_heading: MAZZI
dialog: You're a big help, Tills: nothin’
dialog: Tell me nothin’. I'll tell you
dialog: somethin’. We're sittin’ out here
dialog: on this ocean like a couple fucking
dialog: ducks in these here boats, that’s
dialog: what.
speaker_heading: TILLS
dialog: I already know that.
speaker_heading: MAZZI
dialog: Yeah? Well, brood on it, Tills.
text: Brood on it.
text: In one place a blackjack game has been started. Elsewhere
text: little knots of men have formed and stand or sit talking
text: earnestly to each other with widened eyes while hardly
text: hearing what is said. Every so often an LCI, caught wrong on
text: a wave, BANGS against the hull and REVERBERATES through the
text: closed space of the dim hold, an anguished STEEL CRY. On
text: Fife's left, PRIVATE FIRST CLASS DOLL is standing with
text: CORPORAL QUEEN, a huge, amiable Texan.
speaker_heading: QUEEN
dialog: Well, we'll soon know what it feels
dialog: like.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: What what feels like?
speaker_heading: QUEEN
dialog: To be shot at.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: Hell, I've been shot at. Hell
dialog: ain't you, Queen?
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: I only just hope there aren't any
dialog: planes today. That's all.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: Well, I reckon if I'm goin’a get me
dialog: that pistol, I better get with it
dialog: Those fucks in the next compartment
dialog: ought be about nervous enough by
dialog: now. Anybody want to come along?
speaker_heading: QUEEN
dialog: You'll do better on your own.
text: Doll stops in front of Mazzi and Tills. He nods at the
text: crowded portholes.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: Ain't you watchin’ the fun?
speaker_heading: MAZZI
dialog: Ain't interested.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: I guess it is pretty crowded.
speaker_heading: MAZZI
dialog: Wouldn't be interested if it
dialog: wadn't.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: I'm on my way to get me that
dialog: pistol.
speaker_heading: MAZZI
dialog: Yeah? Well, have fun.
speaker_heading: TILLS
dialog: Yeah; have fun.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: You guys'll wish you had one, once
dialog: we get ashore, and run into some of
text: them Samurai sabers.
speaker_heading: MAZZI
dialog: All I want is to get ashore. And
dialog: off of this fat sitting fucking
dialog: duck we all sittin' on out here on
dialog: this flat water.
speaker_heading: TILLS
dialog: Hey, Doll, you get around. You
dialog: think we're liable to catch an air
dialog: raid?
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: How the fucking hell would I know?
dialog: We might, we might not.
speaker_heading: MAZZI
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: TILLS
dialog: Prob'ly they'll wait to hit us at
dialog: the beach.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: (ignoring Tills)
dialog: If we do, we do. What's the matter?
dialog: You scared, Mazzi?
speaker_heading: MAZZI
dialog: Scared? ‘Course I ain't scared! Are
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: MAZZI
dialog: Okay then. Shut up.
text: Doll throws back his head and laughs and steps out through
text: the bulkhead.
speaker_heading: MAZZI
dialog: That guy just ain't hep. He’s as
text: unhep as a box.
speaker_heading: TILLS
dialog: You think he'll get a pistol?
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: MAZZI
dialog: Hell no, he won't get no pistol.
speaker_heading: TILLS
dialog: Right now, I couldn't care less.
dialog: All I want is to get off this
dialog: fucking boat here.
speaker_heading: MAZZI
dialog: Well, you ain't by yourself, Tills.
dialog: All I know, I never bargained for
dialog: nothin’ like this when I signed up
dialog: in this man's Army back in the
dialog: Bronx before the war. How did I
dialog: know they was gonna be a fucking
dialog: war, hanh? Answer me that.
speaker_heading: TILLS
dialog: You tell me. You're the hep
dialog: character around here, Mazzi.
speaker_heading: MAZZI
dialog: All I know, old Charlie Company
dialog: always gets screwed. Always. And I
dialog: can tell you whose fault it is.
dialog: Bugger Stein's, that's who. First
dialog: he gets us stuck off on this boat
dialog: clean away from our own outfit
dialog: where we don't know a fucking soul.
text: Then he gets us stuck way down in
dialog: fourth pace on the list to get off
dialog: this son of a bitch.
text: At the other end of the companionway, CAPT. JAMES STEIN talks
text: privately with First Sergeant Welsh.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: I think our outfit looks pretty
dialog: capable, pretty solid, don't you
dialog: Sergeant?
text: Welsh grins at him insolently. There is a look of dark
text: foreboding that never leaves his face, even when he grins.
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: Yeah -- for a bunch of slobs about
dialog: to get their ass shot off.
text: Stein does not answer him. Welsh is mad. He is insane, Truly
text: a madman, and Stein never has understood him. He has no
dialog: respect for anything or anybody . But it doesn't really
dialog: matter. Stein can afford to overlook his impertinences
dialog: because he is so good at his job.
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: Hello, Doll. How's it going?
dialog: Everything okay? Feeling a little
dialog: nervous?
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: (warily)
dialog: No, sir.
text: Stein nods, dismissing him. Doll salutes and goes on out
text: through the watertight door, wondering what Stein meant.
scene_heading: INT. FORWARD HOLD - DAWN
text: Furious, Doll makes his way through the forward hold. He does
text: not know how much time he still has. Then, suddenly, he sees
text: a .45 hanging from the end of a bed frame. Three bunks away a
text: group of men clusters around a nervous crap game. He has to
text: make his move now, time is running out. He lifts the pistol
text: off the bunk frame and buckles it around his waist.
speaker_heading: VOICES
dialog: Hey, you! Hey, soldier!
text: Doll turns around to see two men, one a PRIVATE and one a
text: SERGEANT, coming toward him. Will they turn him in?
speaker_heading: PRIVATE (DRAKE)
dialog: That's my pistol you're wearin’,
dialog: soldier.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT (KARL)
dialog: He saw you take it off the bunk. So
dialog: don't try to lie out of it,
dialog: soldier.
text: Doll forces a slow, cynical grin to spread across his face.
text: Slowly he undoes the belt and passes it over.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: How long you been in the Army,
dialog: mack? You ought know better than to
dialog: leave your gear layin' around like
dialog: that. You might lose it someday.
text: Both men stare back at him, their eyes widening slightly as
text: the new idea, new attitude, replaces their own of righteous
text: indignation.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT (MARL)
dialog: Well, you better not have such
dialog: sticky fingers, soldier.
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: Anything layin' around out in the
dialog: open that loose, is fair game to
dialog: me. And to any other soldier. Tell
dialog: your boy he oughtn't to tempt
dialog: people so much.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT (MARL)
dialog: Hear that, Drake? You better take
dialog: better care of your gear.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: Yeah. He sure better. Or he won't
dialog: have it long.
scene_heading: INT. LOWER FORWARD HOLD - DAWN
text: Outside, in the hatchway area, Doll stops and laughs. It was
text: all one big lie! Entering the bunk area on the deck above
text: everything works perfectly for him. On a field pack at the
text: edge of the companionway he sees not one but two pistols.
dialog: There is not a man in this entire end of the bunk area. That
text: is all there is to it. All Doll has to do is step over, pick
text: up one of the pistols and put it on.
scene_heading: INT. SECOND FORWARD HOLD - DAWN
text: Doll returns to C-for-Charlie in the second forward hold.
text: Tills, Mazzi and Fife have not moved. Doll steps up with his
text: hands on his hips, his right one resting on the pistol.
speaker_heading: MAZZI
dialog: Hello, lover-boy. Where you been?
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: Around... Well, what do you think?
speaker_heading: MAZZI
dialog: Think of what?
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: Nothin'. The war.
text: He turns on his heel and goes on inside among the bunks.
speaker_heading: TILLS
dialog: Well, what do you say now, hep guy?
speaker_heading: MAZZI
dialog: Just what I fucking said before.
dialog: The guy's a jerkoff.
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: TILLS
text: He's got a pistol.
speaker_heading: MAZZI
text: So he's a jerkoff with a pistol.
speaker_heading: TILLS
dialog: While you're a hep guy, without a
dialog: pistol.
speaker_heading: MAZZI
dialog: That's right. What's a fucking
dialog: pistol? Leave it, Tills; leave it
dialog: You wanna do somethin', go do
dialog: somethin'.
speaker_heading: TILLS
dialog: I think I will.
text: MESS SERGEANT STORM has gathered his cooks for a bull
dialog: session.
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: (grinning crazily)
dialog: What are you doing with that
dialog: fucking pistol, Doll?
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: What pistol?
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: This pistol.
text: Welsh grabs the pistol on Doll's hip and, with it, pulls Doll
text: slowly forward and slowly, the grin fades from Welsh's face.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: Well, I...
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: And what if somebody comes around
dialog: here to Capt. Stein and wants to
dialog: search this outfit for a stolen
dialog: pistol? 'Ey? Have you ever thought
dialog: of that? And what if I then
dialog: knowin' who had it, was forced to
dialog: tell Bugger Stein where it was?
dialog: Huh? Have you thought of that, too?
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: Would you do that, Top?
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: You bet your sweet ass I would!
text: Welsh bellows it with startling suddenness right into his
text: face. The CRASH of the landing craft against the hull
text: continues, relentless and unnerving.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: Well -- Do you think anybody’11
dialog: come around?
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: No! I don't!
text: Then, as slowly as it disappeared, the sly, ominous grin
text: comes back over the sergeant's face. He lets Doll go and, all
text: in the same motion, flings the holstered pistol away from
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: Clean it. It's prob'ly dirty. Any
dialog: man'd leave it layin' around's a
dialog: fuckass soldier anyway.
text: Wherever his glance falls, the nearby men beneath it stir
text: uneasily and drop their eyes and fall to doing something:
text: adjusting a strap, checking a tie-rope, rubbing a riflestock.
scene_heading: INT. SECOND FORWARD HOLD - DAWN
text: Fife sits to Bell's right, sunk in melancholy. BELL is a
text: strong, quiet-voiced private.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: I read in your 201 file you were an
dialog: officer before the war.
speaker_heading: SELL
dialog: You told anybody else?
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: No. How'd you end up a private?
speaker_heading: BELL
dialog: Because of my wife. I was in the
dialog: Corps of Engineers, we'd never been
dialog: separated before, not even for a
dialog: night. I took it for four months
dialog: and then I quit. Resigned.
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: BELL
dialog: They sent me back to the States.
dialog: They told me I'd never get another
dialog: commission, they said they'd see to
dialog: it that I got drafted, and that I'd
dialog: for damn sure be in the Infantry.
dialog: We had eight months together.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: Why, the sons of bitches! Where is
dialog: she now?
speaker_heading: BELL
dialog: Home. With her folks. How old are
dialog: you, Fife?
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: Twenty-two.
speaker_heading: BELL
dialog: Well, I'm thirty.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: Why don't you want any of the guys
dialog: to know?
speaker_heading: BELL
dialog: Enlisted men don't like officers...
dialog: The only reason I've told you is so
dialog: you'll know why I don't want it
dialog: mentioned.
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: (appearing suddenly)
dialog: All right, fuckface! Where's that
dialog: platoon roster I told you to fix up
dialog: for me?
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: (indignantly)
dialog: I already did it! I made it up and
dialog: turned it in to you, Welsh.
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: You what! You did no such fucking
dialog: thing, Fife. I don't have it, do I?
dialog: 16.
scene_heading: INT. LATRINE - DAWN
text: He signals Fife to follow him around a corner into the
text: latrine. There he backs Fife up against the wall.
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: You think you're a big grown-up
dialog: man, but you're gust a punk kid --
dialog: a coward. There’s nowhere you can
dialog: run now. You're in a box. A moving
dialog: box. You've never learned that your
dialog: life, and you -- they don't mean a
dialog: goddamned thing to the world, and
dialog: they never will.
scene_heading: INT. SECOND FORWARD HOLD - DAWN
text: Suddenly the KLAXON HORN goes off, RESOUNDING through the
text: CLANGING, overheated hold and deafening everybody -- an
text: immense sound that causes everyone to jump, even Welsh.
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: Get your gear and shape up!
speaker_heading: NONCOMS (0.S.)
dialog: All right! Off and on! Drop your
dialog: cocks and grab your socks!
text: Everybody struggles into their equipment. Bulging in all
text: directions, they find the stairs difficult to navigate.
speaker_heading: DALE (2ND COOK)
dialog: Geez, my ass is draggin’. All this
dialog: gear.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: Mor’n your ass‘ll be draggin’ soon.
scene_heading: EXT. DECK OF TRANSPORT - DAY
text: They emerge at last into the sunshine and fresh sea air on
text: deck. Looking up to the bridge, Capt. Stein sees LT. COL.
text: GORDON TALL, the Battalion Commander. They exchange salute.
text: By squads and by platoon, the men go over the side and
text: clamber down the four-story-high side of the ship on the nets
text: and into the chain of LCIs that shuttle back and forth from
dialog: the shore.
dialog: 17.
scene_heading: EXT. ABOARD MOVING LCI - DAY
text: The ASST. PILOT salutes them in best naval officer style.
scene_heading: ASST. PILOT
dialog: Well, look what we got here. Your
dialog: outfit's lucky. Old Nippy'1ll be
dialog: comin' along in about fifteen
dialog: minutes.
speaker_heading: TILLS
dialog: How do you know?
scene_heading: ASST. PILOT
dialog: Just got news from the airstrip.
text: Transports must've been spotted.
dialog: You're getting off just ahead of
dialog: time. You're lucky.
text: Fife grabs the gunnel to keep his balance in the jouncing,
text: swaying craft, and looks back at the dwindling ship.
speaker_heading: WELD
dialog: But won't the fighter planes --
scene_heading: ASST. PILOT
dialog: They always get some of them. But
dialog: some always get through. Jerk the
dialog: lead!
text: Ahead, Doll sees the shore and sand beach and coco palms
text: gradually coming closer. Beyond them lies the dark green band
text: of jungle, with the mass and power of the mountains rising
text: behind it to rocky peaks.
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: Grab holt and prepare to land!
dialog: Everybody out! No transfer slips!
scene_heading: EXT. GUADALCANAL SHORE - DAY
text: Suddenly, they are stumbling through the water. The ramp is
text: already rising, as the craft goes into reverse and pulls back
text: out to go for another load. Fife expects some protest, some
text: visible sign of enemy resistance, but not a shot is fired.
text: They dart across the beach to the line of coco palms,
text: thrashing dryly in the mid-morning breeze. There they rest
dialog: waiting for orders from Battalion. Didn't the Army know there
dialog: were no Japanese here?
dialog: 18.
dialog: If they failed to realize this, what else don't they know?
text: Two SCOUTS come scampering out of the grove up ahead and
dialog: report to Capt. Stein.
speaker_heading: FIRST SCOUT
dialog: We went in about a mile, sir.
text: Didn't find nothing. Some empty oil
dialog: drums. A burned spot. Hadn't nobody
dialog: been around there for at least a
dialog: week.
text: Stein nods, puzzled. Suddenly a CRY goes up. One SOLDIER
text: flings up an arm and yells, "There they are!" The CRY is
text: taken up all up and down the beach.
text: High up in the sun-bright sky, a number of little specks sail
text: serenely along toward the channel where the two ships lie.
text: Presently, a gentle SIGHING becomes audible. Then a GEYSER of
text: water, followed by another, then another, pops high up out of
text: the sea, until at last a stick of three bombs falls almost
text: directly alongside an LCI that is just putting off. When the
text: spout of water subsides, they see there is nothing left of
text: the LCI, only a few figures bobbing in the water who, under
text: the weight of their full packs, rapidly become fewer.
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD DRESSING STATION - DAY
text: The survivors of the destroyed LCI are landed by a rescue
text: boat not far from C-for-Charlie Company, and gently led or
text: carried up from the beach to a nearby field dressing station.
text: Some of them are still vomiting seawater from their ordeal. C-
text: for-Charlie drifts up toward the dressing station, consumed
text: with a morbid curiosity. DALE, the muscular, intense second
text: cook, with perpetually snapping eyes, makes the only comment.
speaker_heading: DALE
dialog: They should of let them have it
dialog: with the antiaircraft from the
dialog: ships! They could of got a lot more
dialog: of them. If I'd been there, and had
dialog: my hands on one of them forty
dialog: millimeters, I'd of let them have
dialog: it, orders or no orders. That's
dialog: what I'd of done.
speaker_heading: MAZZI
dialog: You'd shit, too.
scene_heading: EXT. MANGROVES AND BEACH ROAD - DAY
text: They trudge through the mangroves to their bivouac, led by
dialog: the Route Guide from regimental headquarters.
dialog: 19.
text: The roads are seas of soft mud, axle-deep on the trucks. It
dialog: is impossible to march on or in them. The only way for the
dialog: men to move ahead at all is to travel in two lines, one on
text: either side, picking their way over the great rolls of drying
text: mud, turned back as though by a plow. Staggering, and
text: senseless with exhaustion, they march on. By the time they
text: reach their bivouac, it has begun to rain.
scene_heading: EXT. COCONUT GROVE BIVOUAC - DAY
text: C-for-Charlie works doggedly to set up camp. The rain comes
text: straight down, unbreathed-upon by any wind, in huge, fat
text: drops so close together that it seems a solid sheet of water
text: Turning around, Fife sees that some of the men (Marl among
text: them) are playing in the mud, sitting down and sliding around
text: like children in snow, clowning and laughing.
scene_heading: INT. ORDERLY ROOM TENT - DAY
text: Welsh enters the orderly room tent and nods at Capt. Stein.
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: Sir, the company's allotment of
dialog: eight-man personnel tents hasn't
text: arrived from the ship.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: Have the men break packs and put'
text: up their shelter tents.
dialog: (as Welsh grins)
dialog: Goddamn it, Sergeant, I know it's a
dialog: ridiculous order, too! Now go and
dialog: tell them! That's an order!
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: Yes, sir!
scene_heading: EXT. BIVOUAC - DAY
text: Welsh has given the men Stein's order, with sardonic relish,
text: and they are setting about it.
speaker_heading: MAZZI
dialog: He's nuts! Plain fucking nuts!
text: Tills sits on a five-gallon water can buttoning their shelter
text: halves together. Mazzi gathers their combined ten tent pegs,
text: having stretched the wet ropes as best he can.
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: MAZZI
dialog: You think these goddamn little old
dialog: pegs going to hold in this muck? I
dialog: was company commander of this
dialog: company, there'd be a lotta changes
dialog: around here, and pretty damn
dialog: fuckin' quick. And up yours, Tills.
dialog: You about finished there?
speaker_heading: TILLS
dialog: Look, Mazzi, I want to ask you
dialog: somethin'. You think there's any
dialog: germs in this mud?
speaker_heading: MAZZI
dialog: Germs? Sure there's germs.
speaker_heading: TILLS
dialog: You really think so?
speaker_heading: MAZZI
dialog: Why, hell yes. Don't you read the
dialog: papers? This island's loaded with
dialog: all kinds of germs. And where do
dialog: you find germs? In dirt. Malaria
dialog: germs...
speaker_heading: TILLS
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Malaria germs are in the
dialog: mosquitoes.
speaker_heading: MAZZI
dialog: Sure, but where do they get them?
dialog: From dirt. There's --
speaker_heading: TILLS
dialog: No. They get them from other people
dialog: who got malaria.
speaker_heading: MAZZI
dialog: Okay, sure. But where they come
dialog: from first? Everybody knows germs
dialog: come from dirt and bein' dirty.
dialog: You'll prob'ly be sick as a dog
dialog: tomorra, Tills.
speaker_heading: TILLS
dialog: You're a son of a bitch, Mazzi.
speaker_heading: MAZZI
dialog: Who? Me? What'd I do? You ast me a
dialog: question, I answered it for you.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 21.
dialog: You din’t %#éeZie atown' hd slidin’
dialog: around in that mud, did you? Sure,
dialog: I laughed, I cheered them on. That
dialog: didn't cost me nothin’. Trouble
dialog: with you, Tills, you’re a jerkoff.
dialog: You're awys gettin’ sucked into
dialog: somethin’. Take a lesson, kid. You
dialog: don't see me gettin’ sucked into
dialog: nothing.
text: Around them, other men are working and other shelter tents
text: are going up in long, even lines. The ground is a soggy mire.
text: Doll, the proud pistol thief, swaggers over to his pal Fife,
text: who has just finished putting up the tent which he shares
text: with his assistant, PFC BEAD. Bead is a draftee, a healthy
text: eighteen-year-old from Iowa, the youngest man in the outfit
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: We still got a couple of hours
dialog: before sundown. Bunch of us is
dialog: goin’ to look at the jungle. wanta
dialog: come?
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: I don't know if I ought to. The
dialog: sergeant might need me around here
dialog: for something.
speaker_heading: BEAD
dialog: I'll go, Doll! I'll go!
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: You ain't invited.
speaker_heading: BEAD
dialog: Whada you mean I ain't invited?
dialog: Anybody can go that wants to, can't
dialog: they?
text: Doll leaves. Bead is crestfallen.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: Never mind him.
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE - DAY
text: A dozen of the men from C-for-Charlie -- among them Big
text: Queen, the huge Texan, and Private Bell, the former officer --
text: approach the high wall of jungle curiously and gingerly.
text: Parrots screech from nowhere, startling them. Huge vines and
text: creepers hang from the canopy in great festooning arcs.
dialog: 22.
text: Giant tree trunks tower straight up , far above their heads,
text: their thin blade-like roots often higher than a man's head.
text: Other POVs: a skull shrine, a wood carving of a man the
text: features of whose face have been eroded by the weather, a
text: python, strange tropical fruits, some split open by raiding
dialog: ants.
text: Suddenly Queen discovers a bloodstained shirt. For a moment
text: he thinks of saying nothing. He could pass it by and none of
text: the rest of them would know. But, noticing his strange
text: hesitation, the MAN next to him sees it too and raises a
text: shout. The other men, who instinctively have spaced
text: themselves out at five-yard intervals as if in a skirmish
text: line, cluster around and peer excitedly.
speaker_heading: VOICES
dialog: (Gordon's esp.)
dialog: Is it American? Fuck yes, it's
dialog: American. The Japs don't wear khaki
dialog: like that. That's chino! That's not
dialog: even Marine khaki! That's Army
dialog: chino! Well, the Americal
dialog: Division's here. Maybe he's one of
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: QUEEN
dialog: Whoever he was, he was hit pretty
dialog: bad.
speaker_heading: THORNE
dialog: Where'd it hit him?
speaker_heading: GORDON
text: It keyholed out the back.
text: PRIVATE GORDON, one of the men nearest it, leans down
text: silently and picks it up with a thumb and forefinger, as if
text: afraid he might catch a terrible disease from it.
speaker_heading: QUEEN
dialog: Leave it where you found it.
text: Without a word, Gordon, who still holds it by thumb and
text: forefinger as if it might contaminate him, turns and swings
text: it and lets it go.
speaker_heading: THORNE
dialog: Yeah, leave'm lay.
text: The chow WHISTLE sounds clear and shrill through the trees.
text: It is an intensely familiar, curiously heart-wringing sound.
dialog: 23.
scene_heading: EXT. MESS TENT - DAY
text: Tonight C-for-Charlie receives its first dosage of Atabrine.
text: Standing by the Lister bag at the head of the chow line
text: Storm doles out the yellow pills himself, chaffing everyone
text: good-naturedly, but determined that nobody is going to avoid
text: taking his medicine.
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: What the fuck do you bother so hard
dialog: for?
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: Because, they going to need all the
dialog: help they can git.
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: They going to need a lot more than
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: I know it.
text: The last man in the line has stopped and is looking back at
text: them, listening; one of the draftees.
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: On your way, bud.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: (shaking his pills)
dialog: Some of them so dumb they actu'ly
dialog: wouldn't take them. If I didn't
dialog: make them.
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: So what? They don't take them,
dialog: maybe they'll get malaria so bad
dialog: they'll get themself shipped out
dialog: and save their useless life.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: They ain't learned that yet. They
dialog: will.
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: We'll be ahead of them. Won't we?
dialog: We'll make them fucking take them.
dialog: Won't we? You and me. We know the
dialog: secret, don't we? We already know
dialog: about not taking them. Gimme one.
dialog: 24.
text: Storm holds out the box. Without taking his eyes from Storm's
text: face, Welsh reaches down, gets a pill and, thumbing the
text: surface dust off it, pops it into his mouth. Not to be
text: outdone, Storm gets one himself and swallows it as Welsh has
dialog: dry.
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: You know what it is, don't you? You
dialog: realize what's happening... There
dialog: ain't any choice. It ain't going to
dialog: get any better, either. This war's
dialog: just the start. You understand
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: Then remember it, Storm; remember
dialog: it.
text: Bell and Fife sit by themselves eating in silence.
speaker_heading: BELL
dialog: This war is tougher on her than it
dialog: is on me. Back home there's lights
dialog: and nightclubs, booze. More to
dialog: tempt you. I haven't touched
dialog: another woman since I was called
dialog: up. Or talked to one. I don't want
dialog: to feel the desire.
speaker_heading: STORM (0.S.)
dialog: hairs on the table! Closing time!
dialog: 
dialog: Q
speaker_heading: BELL
dialog: We believe in each other. You need
dialog: someone you can believe in.
text: Dale complains to a willing listener about Storm's
text: mistreatment of him. Not far away, Bead is blowing soap
text: bubbles, dipping a ring in the shaving lather he has whipped
text: up in the bottom of his helmet.
scene_heading: EXT. SLIT TRENCH - NIGHT
text: The night is filled with the stitch of tropical insects. The
text: men crouch over the weapons in total and unspeakable
dialog: insularity.
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: I always thought I'd be as brave as
dialog: the next guy, maybe even braver
dialog: But I m not. You told me about your
dialog: wife. I'm telling you something.
speaker_heading: BELL
dialog: Everybody's scared.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: Not Doll, not Big Un. I got to work
text: harder at it than they do. The only
dialog: reason I'm here is because I was
dialog: ashamed for people to think I was a
dialog: coward. I had to find out if I was
dialog: yellow or not... I never had a wife
dialog: and kids. I never been to New York.
dialog: I don't want to die.
speaker_heading: SELL
dialog: Nobody does.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: I hope I can get back -- the way I
dialog: was -- like I came.
text: They look up at a scuttling noise in the undergrowth, at
dialog: length discover a coconut crab. (End on CU of crab.)
scene_heading: EXT. COCONUT GROVE - NIGHT
text: Stein is writing a letter by candlelight when he hears the
text: noise of a Japanese plane high overhead. (Washing Machine
text: Charlie.) Suddenly the earth is SHAKING around him. Panic and
text: an objectless fright seize him, and he surges blindly out of
text: his tent, scrambling toward a nearby slit trench.
text: Down the long aisle of the coconut groves, the KLAXONS begin
text: their mournful, insistent belching. Above, three weak
text: searchlight beams feebly finger the sky. Now and then they
text: see the single QUICK BLINK of an antiaircraft shell
text: exploding. Finally, there is the SHUTTERING, THIN sound of
text: the motor, or motors, up there in the dark. Then, from the
text: direction of the airfield, come the CA-RUMPING explosions
text: walking slowly toward them in great giant strides. The
text: klaxons keep up their long, monotonous, insane, GROWLING
text: protest, and the antiaircraft guns PUMP their useless
text: laughable shells up into the night sky, as the ball-shrinking
text: ROAR of the bombs advances.
dialog: 26.
text: Suddenly, there is a huge, ear-filling, impersonal, rushing
text: FLUTTER descending like an express train, then a flash of
text: light. It is strange that only one man is wounded. By all
dialog: rights, there should be many more. The wounded man is Pfc
text: Marl, the Nebraska dry-dirt farmer. A piece of the
text: daisycutter has whistled into his hole and cut off his right
text: hand as neatly as a surgeon could have done with a knife.
text: When Marl yells, Welsh leaps in with him and puts a
text: tourniquet on him until the medic can get there.
speaker_heading: MARL
dialog: What'm I gonna do now, huh? How'm I
dialog: gonna work, huh! How'm I donna
dialog: plow, huh? I mean it. What’m I
dialog: gonna do now, huh? Take it away!
dialog: Get that damned thing out of here!
dialog: I don't want to look at it, goddamn
dialog: it! It's my hand!
text: The hand is taken away by one of the company MEDICS, who is
dialog: supposed to be trained at this kind of work but actually is
text: not as yet, and who stops to vomit behind a tree.
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: They make artificial ones. They'll
dialog: make you one like new.
speaker_heading: MARL
dialog: Goddamn it, it's easy for you!
dialog: How'm I gonna work? I'm a farmer.
speaker_heading: MEDIC
dialog: Can you walk?
speaker_heading: MARL
dialog: Sure I can walk, goddamn it. Fuck
dialog: yes, I can walk. But how'm I gonna
dialog: work? That's the point.
text: Fife watches, trembling within, as Marl is led off into the
text: darkness to the battalion medical station, the first actual
text: wounded casualty in the company.
scene_heading: MONTAGE - WITT AND HOKE AMONG THE MELANESIANS (GUADALCANAL )
text: Witt and Hoke have gone AWOL and are living among the
text: Melanesians, unconscious of the passage of the days, of good
dialog: and evil. The native people live content with what the earth
text: and sea provide them, in peace and harmony. Witt gets to know
text: two of them in particular, an older man and a young woman. He
text: marvels at this society where no one is alone or lives to
dialog: himself, where all is based on family and clan.
dialog: 27.
text: He reveals to Hoke a secret from his past and, under the
dialog: influence of this revelation, decides to return to C-for-
text: Charlie. Hoke tries to discourage him from setting out but
text: at length, joins him instead.
scene_heading: EXT. C-FOR-CHARLIE BIVOUAC - DAWN
text: The men of C-for-Charlie come out into the warm, revivifying
text: safety of the sun and look into each other's stubbled, dirt-
text: caked faces to find they are changed men. Faces glower and
text: eyes burn. Suddenly, Fife hears himself hailed by a man
text: standing some distance off, near the supply tent and leaning
text: against a coco palm.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: Well, Witt! By God! How are you!
text: A troublemaker with a touchy sense of honor, Witt has been
text: busted several times and twice sent to the stockade on a
text: summary court-martial. This makes him something of a romantic
dialog: hero to Fife, who considers him the only friend besides Bell
text: that he has in the whole regiment. He rushes over to shake
text: hands, overjoyed to see him. Witt is just as glad, in his own
dialog: way. All his friends are in C-for-Charlie, and he likes the
dialog: reputation he enjoys here. As Witt sees it, everybody knows
text: he loves C-for-Charlie and for Welsh to ship him out, while
dialog: knowing this, only proves his total contempt for Welsh
dialog: correct.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: How'd you find us? You AWOL? I been
dialog: asking around about you every day,
dialog: trying to find out were you were. I
dialog: thought you were in the brig. How
dialog: long you been hanging around here?
dialog: Why didn't you come in the orderly
dialog: tent and get me?
text: Witt's face hardens, almost as though someone had modeled his
text: features in quick-setting cement and Fife were watching it
dialog: dry.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: I ain't goin' no place where that
dialog: poorly son of a bitch of a first
dialog: sergeant is.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: Welsh? Yes, well. Well, you know, I
dialog: think maybe he's changed some
dialog: Witt. Since we got here.
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: He ain't never going to change. Not
dialog: in no way.
speaker_heading: FI FE
dialog: Well, I tell you. It just won't be
dialog: the same old company, Witt. Going
dialog: up there without you. I guess
dialog: that's why I said that.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: (warming up)
dialog: Fife, I can tell you. When I think
dialog: of old C-for-Charlie goin’ up there
dialog: into them Japs without me, it like
dialog: to breaks my heart. I been in this
dialog: comp’ny -- what now? -- four years.
dialog: You know how I feel about it. It’s
dialog: my comp’ny. It ain’t right, that’s
dialog: all. It ain’t. I belong with the
dialog: company, Fife, old buddy.
dialog: (suddenly morose)
dialog: I don’t know what I can do about
dialog: it. In fact, there ain’t a damn
dialog: thing.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: Well, I think if you went around to
dialog: Capt. Stein and told him how you
dialog: feel, he'd arrange a transfer back
dialog: for you. Bugger knows how good a
dialog: soldier you are. Never was a
dialog: question of that. Right now he's
dialog: feeling pretty warm and sentimental
dialog: about the company, leading them
dialog: into combat and all.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: I cain't do that.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: Because I cain't. You know it.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: I honestly think he'll take you
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: Take me back! Take me back! They
dialog: never should of made me go!
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 29.
dialog: It's their Wialiitconitt' djin't mine! I
dialog: didn't need no discipline.
dialog: Discipline is what you give a dog!
dialog: I cain't do that. I won't go and
dialog: beg them. I appreciate you tryin'
dialog: to help.
dialog: (as Fife nods)
dialog: I mean it.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: I know you do.
text: Fife goes on carefully, afraid of making him mad.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: Just how bad do you want to get
dialog: back into the comp’ny?
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: You know how bad.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: Well, the only way you're going to
dialog: do it is to go to Stein and ask
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: I cain't do that. I tell you it
dialog: ain't fair. It ain't fair, and it
dialog: ain't square. Any way you look at
dialog: it. It ain't justice. It's a
text: traversty of justice.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: It's "travesty."
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: I said you pronounce it tra-ves-ty.
text: Witt stares at him as if he had never seen him before. The
text: storm cloud, with its flickers of impending electrical
text: discharges, comes back on his face.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: Take off! I said take off! Leave!
dialog: Get out!
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: I got as much right here as you
dialog: have.
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: Fife, I never hit a friend before
dialog: in my life. Not without givin' them
dialog: fair warnin' they ain't friends no
dialog: more. I don't want to start now,
dialog: either. But I will.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: What the hell kind of talk is that?
dialog: What did I do?
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: You and me ain't friends anymore. I
dialog: don't want to talk to you, I don't
dialog: want to see you. If you even try to
dialog: talk to me after this, I'll knock
dialog: you down.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: I was only kidding with you. I only
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: Take off! Scoot!
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: You're a boxer. I don't stand a
dialog: chance with you in a fight and you
dialog: know it.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: That's tough. That's life. Go!
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: I'm going. But you're crazy, for
dialog: God's sake. I was kidding you.
dialog: You're my best friend in this
dialog: outfit. I don't want to fight you.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: (with sadness now)
dialog: Take off!
text: Fife does. He sees that Witt is right and that he did
text: something terribly mean, vicious and insulting, something
text: destructive to Witt's manhood. Guilt closes over him like a
text: mustard-colored cloud.
text: The men are inspecting a large crocodile that the 2nd
text: Battalion men have captured when Bugger Stein and his driver
text: ROAR up in the company jeep. The men have heard the SOUNDS of
text: mortar and small arms fire off in the hills yesterday and
text: today, growling more angrily today than yesterday.
dialog: 31.
text: And yet, when their orders finally come to go up, everybody
text: is astonished and surprised.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: Corporal Fife, I want every officer
dialog: and platoon-grade noncom who isn't
dialog: out on a detail here in five
dialog: minutes. Get them all. Don't miss
dialog: anybody. We're moving out, Fife.
dialog: For the line.
scene_heading: EXT. MUDDY ROAD/OTHER COMPANY BIVOUAC - DAY
text: Along the route of march, the arteries of runny mud are
text: clotted with stalled trucks. Most are abandoned, sitting
text: silent in the mud, waiting for the big tractors to come haul
dialog: them out.
text: The foot marchers pick their way up the steep road, loaded
text: down with full packs and extra bandoliers, each company ina
text: ragged single file. Often one of their number turns aside and
text: falls down. Others simply faint. These are dragged aside by
text: the men behind them.
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: Pick up your feet! On your feet!
dialog: Pick 'em up and keep moving!
text: Fife has the misfortune of falling out when Capt. Stein is
dialog: nearby.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: Up you come, Fife! Come on, boy.
dialog: You don't want to give up now.
text: The reaction he gets is startling. Fife does not get up. He
text: leaps up. As if stabbed in the ass with a needle.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: You! You tell me! I'll be walking
dialog: when you're on your back! I'll be
dialog: going when you and all these other
dialog: guys are on your knees and out!
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: Shut up, Fife!
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: You and any other goddamned
dialog: officer! I'll walk till I drop dead
dialog: -- and when I do, I'll be ten feet
dialog: in front of your dead body! Don't
dialog: you ever worry about me quitting.
dialog: 32.
text: Staggering in his pack, Fife lurches out onto the edge of the
text: road. He does not shut up. Stein does not know what to do. It
dialog: is up to him to make an issue or not make one.
text: Fife is past the point of caring. He decides to do nothing.
text: Nobody else seems to care, or pays much attention, they are
text: all too tired. Looking up the road he sees a Melanesian
text: native with a haunted look hurrying past in the opposite
text: direction, away from the front. Then he sees that Sgt. Welsh
text: is watching, a vague smile on his face.
scene_heading: EXT. SUGAR CANE PLANTATION (DRUMSARA) - DAY
text: They are walking up a line of railroad tracks that runs
text: through a sugar cane plantation when a GUIDE (KIRK) comes
text: around a bend, sees them, and after a couple of deep gasps
text: for air, comes on at a quickened pace, already shouting.
speaker_heading: KIRK
dialog: Where the fuck have you guys been?
dialog: I been lookin' all over hell's half
dialog: acre for this outfit! What the hell
dialog: have you been doin'? You're
dialog: supposed to be on the other side
dialog: the river, not here! what the fuck
dialog: happened? Honestly, sir, I been
dialog: lookin' all over. You're supposed
dialog: to be clear over on the other side
dialog: the river. That's where they tole
dialog: me you'd be.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: We've been following the road the
dialog: other guide showed us.
speaker_heading: KIRK
dialog: He must of made some kind of a
dialog: mistake.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: He was positive about what he told
dialog: us.
speaker_heading: KIRK
dialog: Somebody up there gave him the
dialog: wrong orders. Or told me wrong.
text: Not a very auspicious beginning. The men glance at each
dialog: other.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: What's it like up there?
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: KIRK
dialog: A crazyhouse!
text: A stirring in the grass, the rustle of the sugar cane,
text: signals the approach of danger. At Kirk's signal, the company
text: stops. He pulls out a grenade and, stepping into the rows of
text: cane, advances toward the source of the noise. He discovers a
dialog: white cow. (A feral Indo-Chinese pig? They wandered loose,
dialog: shellshocked. )
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER - DAY
text: They cross a pontoon bridge (or ford) guarded by a heavy MG.
text: Groups of traffic-control men watch them with curious
text: sympathetic eyes.
speaker_heading: KIRK
dialog: You just go on from here.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: There must be more instructions
dialog: than that.
speaker_heading: KIRK
dialog: I don't know nothing about none of
dialog: that. All I know I was suppose to
dialog: bring you here.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: Won't they send another runner for
dialog: us?
speaker_heading: KIRK
dialog: Maybe. I don't know. All I know is
dialog: what I told you.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTING ROAD (JUNGLE TO GRASSLANDS) - DAY
text: MUSIC enters as they begin to climb. Gradually, they come out
text: of the jungle onto the grassy slopes above. S/SGT. STACK, the
text: tough, hard-faced old disciplinarian who leads 3rd Platoon
text: has suffered a collapse. He the trail with his legs pressed
text: tightly together and his rifle in his lap, shaking all over.
text: The medics have put a tag on him and thrust a stick in his
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: STACK
dialog: Don't go up there! You'll be
dialog: killed! Don't go up there! You'll
dialog: be killed!
dialog: 34.
text: The entire company has to pass him, one at a time and man by
text: man, in single file, as if passing in some macabre review.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLTOP (HILL 208) - DAY
text: Toiling, climbing with the wind behind them, they have heard
text: no battle noises. But rounding the last bend and coming
text: suddenly out onto the open hilltop, they find themselves
text: immersed in a vast infernal NOISE and tumult whose source
text: they cannot see. Men scurry here and there on obscure
text: missions, shouting to make themselves heard above the DIN.
text: The center of all their activity is a small group of seven
text: men standing together in grand isolation. They are almost the
text: only men present wearing any insignia, and all of them wear
text: stars or eagles on the collars of their green fatigues.
dialog: For all the NOISE, they are receiving very little fire. Now
text: and then a single bullet strikes the ground in amongst them
text: and buries itself or goes SHRIEKING off without touching
dialog: anyone.
speaker_heading: DALE
dialog: Are those ricochets? Are they
dialog: shootin’ at us?
text: Soon they advance into a dry, treeless ravine. Here, at last
text: they can see what lies ahead of them, though they still have
text: no sense of where they are or how they are being deployed.
speaker_heading: BEAD
dialog: Is this the line? Are we on the
dialog: line? Maybe they don't see us
dialog: either.
text: Fife looks this way and that, to see if there is something or
text: someone about to shoot at him. He has a singular feeling of
text: exposure, like a man standing on the edge of a mountaintop.
text: When first ONE BULLET and then a moment later A SECOND kick
text: up puffs of dust in front of him, he kneels to the ground and
text: begins to crawl, convinced some Japanese sniper has singled
text: him out to shoot at.
text: Guilty and ashamed, he raises his head to look around. The
text: rest of the company is standing up walking and already ahead
text: of him. Terrified as he is of standing up and being shot at
text: by some invisible party, he is more terrified of being
text: accused for his cowardice. He begins to jog toward his
text: company, trotting bent over at the waist and carrying his
text: rifle at high port. He smiles at the others on joining them.
text: It comforts him unreasonably to be in their midst.
dialog: 35.
dialog: And it is just here that the second man in the company is
text: wounded, whether deliberately or by accident no one can tell:
text: PEALE, not far from Fife, suddenly claps his hand to his
text: thigh and stops, then sits down holding his leg, his lips
text: trembling, his face white.
speaker_heading: BELL
dialog: You all right, Peale?
speaker_heading: PEALE
dialog: I'm hit. I'm wounded. I'm hit in
dialog: the leg.
speaker_heading: MEDIC
dialog: Can you walk?
speaker_heading: PEALE
dialog: I don't think so. I think my leg
dialog: hurts pretty bad. You better help
dialog: me. I think it's goin' to be a long
dialog: time before I can walk again.
text: Stein is already calling to the men who have stopped to move
dialog: on, keep going, don't stop.
speaker_heading: VOICES
dialog: So long, Peale. Take it easy,
dialog: Peale. Good luck, Peale.
speaker_heading: PEALE
dialog: So long, you guys. So long. You
dialog: guys take it easy. So long. Good
dialog: luck, you guys. Don't worry about
dialog: me. It'll be a long time before I
dialog: can walk good. No doctor's goin' to
dialog: tell me I can walk on this leg.
dialog: Good luck, you guys!
dialog: (to the Medic)
dialog: I got me a Purple Heart, and I been
dialog: in combat. I never even seen a Jap,
dialog: but I don't care. No doctor's gonna
dialog: tell me I can walk on this leg for
dialog: a long time. Come on, let's get out
dialog: of this. Before we get killed.
dialog: That'd be hell, wouldn't it?
scene_heading: EXT. GRASSY RIDGE (HILL 209) - DAY
text: C-for-Charlie takes shelter behind a ridge. Welsh goes around
text: telling them to buddy up for the night.
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: MAZZI
dialog: This Tills. He spent more time on
text: his belly than he did up on his
dialog: feet. I don't see how he managed to
dialog: keep up with the rest of us. Ain't
dialog: that right, Tills? Didn't you?
speaker_heading: TILLS
dialog: I guess you never hit the dirt any,
dialog: did you?
speaker_heading: MAZZI
dialog: Did you see me? You fucking-A, you
dialog: didn't, Tills. what was the use?
dialog: Anybody could tell that fire wasn't
text: aimed fire. It was stray stuff from
dialog: the ridge. Could hit you just as
dialog: well layin' down as standin' up.
dialog: Maybe better.
speaker_heading: TILLS
dialog: And I guess you wasn't never scared
dialog: even once?
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: I was.
speaker_heading: BEAD
dialog: So was I. Scared to death! I never
dialog: been so scared in my life. I'm
dialog: still scared, right now!
text: They all laugh, even Stein and Mazzi, the New York hep guy.
text: Only Welsh does not. As if to prove Fife right, there is an
text: instant's FLUTTERING sound in the air, not unlike a man
text: blowing through a keyhole, and three GEYSERS of dirt spout
text: into the air thirty-five yards away, followed instantly by
text: one loud CLAP of sound. There is an ant-like scramble on the
text: little spur, as everyone tries to hit the dirt on the slope
text: away from the surprise. Private Mazzi, if not the foremost
text: is certainly not the last among them. Tills smiles and shoots
dialog: him the finger.
speaker_heading: TILLS
dialog: You wasn't scared! Not even once!
speaker_heading: MAZZI
dialog: I guess you stood up there like a
dialog: big fucking hero, fuckface.
text: They unship their entrenching tools and start digging. Fife
text: goes over to Welsh who is preparing to dig digging. Storm.
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: Hey, First, is this where you
dialog: guys’ve decided to dig in? I
dialog: thought I'd dig in over here with
dialog: you guys, if it was. I mean, I
dialog: guess it's as good a place as any.
text: He unslings his pack. Welsh stops his unbuckling of straps
text: and looks up at Fife with a face as expressionless as
dialog: granite.
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: Take off. Get the fuck away from
dialog: me. Stay away from me, kid.
text: Storm has stopped his work to watch. Fife is carried back a
text: step by the viciousness of the sergeant's retort. Somehow he
dialog: imagined their approach to combat would soften Welsh's
text: attitude. Welsh stares at him, silent, refusing to be drawn
text: into any discussion. Visibly crestfallen, unable to hide it,
text: Fife turns and moves off carrying his pack by its straps.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: Why don't you treat the kid decent
dialog: once in a while? He's your clerk
dialog: isn't he?
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: I don't mean to wind up playin'
dialog: nursemaid. I got enough problems to
dialog: occupy me. Here. You got some dirt.
dialog: Take the shovel, gimme the mattock.
text: Mazzi is still infuriated at Tills for giving him the finger
dialog: when the mortar shells dropped in. It was an unfair advantage
dialog: because everybody ducked for cover.
speaker_heading: MAZZI
dialog: Shoot me the finger, will ya? I
dialog: didn't pick you for a buddy. I
dialog: don't like to be buddying with a
dialog: hick from Hicksville who ain't even
dialog: hep. I got no choice. I treat you
dialog: right and give you good advice. You
dialog: ignore it, do something else,
dialog: always wrong. You won't never
dialog: learn.
speaker_heading: TILLS
dialog: Fuck you, Mazzi.
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: MAZZI
dialog: This time, Tills, you tore it. I
dialog: ain't going to have nothing more to
dialog: do with you.
speaker_heading: TILLS
dialog: I could give a shit.
speaker_heading: MAZZI
dialog: I ain't going to dig with you. I'm
dialog: going to dig with Sico. I'm going
dialog: up the ridge, and fuck you. Do your
dialog: own damn thinkin’!
text: He can feel Tills looking after him as he walks up to the
text: crest, to join his New York buddies in the 1st Platoon, but
text: he ignores him.
scene_heading: EXT. GRASSY RIDGE (HILL 209) - DAY
text: Fife finds Welsh alone.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: Why're you always jumping down my
dialog: throat?
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: You're finally learning how
dialog: important you are to the world,
dialog: kid. Taken you long enough. Hurts,
dialog: don't it? Shock to the system.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: You don't believe in nothing, do
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: You've still got illusions, kid.
dialog: You won't for long.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: What do you believe in, Sergeant?
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: Property. That's what they're all
dialog: fighting over. Property!
text: Welsh takes a large Listerine bottle full of straight gin
text: from his musette bag, tips it back and pretends to take loud
text: gargles for a nonexistent sore throat. They look around as
text: PFC Gordon, with his flying fox, staggers up, breathless
text: with news that sickens them all.
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: They found two guys from George
dialog: Comp'ny -- I heard it from the
dialog: runner -- the Japs took ‘em
dialog: prisoner -- stabbed 'em with
text: bayonets, fifty times. One of ‘em
text: beheaded -- alive -- with a sword.
dialog: E Comp'ny found 'im with his hands
text: tied behind his back -- head
text: sitting on his chest. They'd
text: stuffed his dick in his mouth.
text: The sheer barbarity of the thing sweeps through C-for-Charlie
text: like a cold-water shock.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: I ain't never going to take a
dialog: fucking prisoner. I'm going to
dialog: shoot every one of them comes my
text: way. Preferably in the guts.
speaker_heading: QUEEN
dialog: The dirty fuckers!
speaker_heading: DALE
dialog: Okay. Okay. Okay.
text: The battle round the bend, which they can hear but not see,
text: has continued unabated. Now for the first time, whole groups
text: begin to return from it. The attack has failed. Strangers
text: from the 2nd Battalion drop gasping over the crest of the
text: ridge and lie breathing in hysterical sobs with eyes like
text: drilled holes dark in their outraged, furious, unbelieving
text: faces. They look at C-for-Charlie with astonishment, then
text: hasten on toward the rear.
text: More and more keep coming in, haphazard, piecemeal, rarely
text: even with their own squads, hollering to them not to shoot
dialog: for God's sake, don't shoot. Once inside C-for-Charlie's
text: perimeter, they simply collapse. One boy, sitting in a row of
text: five or six, weeps openly like a child, his forehead and hand
text: resting on the shoulder of the man next to him, who pats him
text: absently while staring straight ahead at nothing with
text: smoldering eyes. A man with semaphore flags signals the rear.
dialog: None of them knows what the overall situation is, or has any
dialog: idea of what is taking place anywhere except where they
text: themselves have been. C-for-Charlie, feeling shamefaced
text: watches quietly with a wide-eyed, awed hero worship, which no
dialog: one can honestly say he wants to lose, if it means sharing
dialog: their experience.
text: The division COMMANDER suddenly appears among them, smiling
text: and talking, and tries to rally their morale.
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: Whoa! We're not gonna let these
dialog: Japs whip us, are we, boys? They're
dialog: tough, but they're not as tough as
dialog: we are, are they?
scene_heading: PVT. DRAKE
dialog: General, you go out there! You go
dialog: out there, General, you go out
dialog: there!
scene_heading: EXT. HILL 209 - DAY
text: As the red-and-white-splashed walking wounded totter rearward
text: in groups, trying to help each other, Storm crawls over to
text: the hole he shares with Welsh.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: There ain't no water left. I seen
text: jeeploads of water cans on the way
text: up from the river. They probably
text: got diverted to the rear.
speaker_heading: WELSH
text: Or poured out on the ground.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: Whichever. People's going to have
dialog: to eat my supper dry.
text: Welsh watches the sun drop behind the mountains. Guadalcanal
text: is a green, peaceful island, not unlike Tahiti. Here the
text: night does not fall so swiftly as it did down in the groves
text: below. Far away, Welsh sees dogs and feral pigs feasting on
dialog: the dead.
scene_heading: BELL'S DREAM- SERIES OF ANGLES (SECOND UNIT) - D/N
text: Bell dreams of his wife MARTY. He remembers the first time
text: they saw each other, the first time their hands touched. The
text: dream progresses. She stands on a white sand beach, watching
text: a boat sail toward a solitary island. She enters a cave. (In
dialog: all this we occasionally look over Bell's shoulder but we
dialog: never see him face on.)
scene_heading: EXT. GRASSY RIDGE (HILL 209) BELL'S SLIT TRENCH - FLARES -
speaker_heading: DUSK
text: Bell wakes up with a cry that throws the Sentry in the next
text: hole into a panic. Green flares are falling through the sky.
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: SENTRY (0.S.)
dialog: I can't see anything! I can't see
dialog: anything!
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: Don't shoot! Don't shoot! Wait!
dialog: Don't anybody fire!
speaker_heading: BELL
dialog: It was me. I had -- a nightmare.
speaker_heading: SENTRY (0.S.)
dialog: Well, for fuck's sake, try and keep
dialog: it to yourself! You scared the
dialog: living shit out of me.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Why don't they come? What are they
dialog: waiting for? Why don't they do
dialog: something?
text: The suspense, exaggerated by the THRUM of the tropical night
text: is unbearable. There is a sudden explosion of RIFLE FIRE from
text: the holes on their right. All around them, men are hollering
text: happily and throwing their GRENADES and FIRING. And in front
text: of them, the empty jungle underbrush sways and RUSTLES as
text: though in a rainstorm, and chunks of bark and wood pop from
text: the trees. The MORTAR and RIFLE FIRE lights up the night
text: betraying positions, hitting nothing. A few more useless
text: thermite GRENADES are thrown, and then the thick silence
dialog: resumes.
scene_heading: EXT. HILL 209 - DAWN
text: At dawn, bearded, mud-stained, grimy and greasy, the men rise
text: in their blue holes and peer around, like the dead rising
dialog: from-their graves on the Last Day. Some of them our water
text: from their canteens onto their toothbrushes to rush their
dialog: teeth.
dialog: Bead has to take a crap. Without saying anything to anyone,
text: he drops all of his equipment by his hole and, taking only
text: his GI roll of toilet paper, he starts to climb the twenty
text: yards to the crest.
scene_heading: EXT. HILL 209 CREST - DAY
text: The trees begin three yards below the actual crest. Bead
text: steps into their midst. Halfway through with relieving
text: himself, he looks up and sees a Japanese man with a bayoneted
text: rifle moving stealthily through the trees ten yards away.
dialog: 42.
text: The Japanese man sees him too and, turning, all in one
text: movement, begins to run at him, but moving cautiously, the
text: bayonet on the end of his rifle extended. Bead, still
text: squatting with his pants down, gathers his weight under him.
text: In desperation, still not knowing which way to try to Dump
text: all in one movement, Bead pulls up his pants over his behind
text: to free his legs and dives forward in a low, shoestring
text: football tackle when the Japanese man is almost to him,
text: tackling him around the ankles. This gives Bead time to hitch
text: up his pants again and spring upward once more until,
text: kneeling on his upper arms and sitting back on his chest, he
text: begins to punch and claw him in the face and neck.
text: Bead hears a high, keening SCREAM and thinks it is the
text: Japanese begging for mercy, until finally he slowly becomes
text: aware that the Japanese man is now unconscious. Then he
text: realizes it is himself making this animal scream. Sobbing and
text: wailing, he continues to belabor the unconscious Japanese
text: with his fingernails and fists. Then he rolls aside, seizes
text: the enemy rifle and, on his knees, raises it above his head
text: and drives the long bayonet almost full-length into the
text: Japanese man's chest. The Japanese man's body convulses in a
text: single spasm. His eyes open, staring horribly at nothing, and
text: his hands flip up from the elbows and seize the blade through
text: his chest. Bead withdraws the bayonet, throws the rifle from
text: him and falls down on his hands and knees and begins to vomit
dialog: and weep.
scene_heading: EXT. HILL 209 - DAY
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Have a good shit?
text: Bead is ashamed and embarrassed by the whole thing, that is
text: the truth, and that is why he doesn't want to mention it to
dialog: anybody. He gets back through the lines all right, without
text: further questions. But as he approaches C-for-Charlie, he is
text: joined by Pfc Doll, on his way down from ist Platoon.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: Man alive! What happened to your
dialog: knuckles? You have a fight with
dialog: somebody?
speaker_heading: BEAD
dialog: No. I slipped and fell.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: And I 'spose all them little blood
dialog: splatters come from your knuckles?
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: BEAD
dialog: Leave me alone, Doll! I don't feel
dialog: like talking! So just leave me
dialog: alone, hunh? Will you?
text: They walk on down in silence. Doll has been a little taken
text: aback by Bead's vehemence, a forcefulness he is not used to
text: from Bead. He can smell something when he sees it. Seeing
text: Welsh and Storm, he goes over to them, grinning.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: What the fuck happen to your boy
dialog: there? who the hell he beat up with
dialog: them skinned knuckles and all them
text: blood splatters on him? Did I miss
dialog: somethin'?
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: Bead, come over here! What happened
dialog: to you?
speaker_heading: BEAD
dialog: Who? Me? Well, I slipped and
dialog: skinned myself, that's all.
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: Where'd you go a while ago? When
dialog: you were gone for a while? Where
dialog: were you?
speaker_heading: BEAD
dialog: I went off to take a crap.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: Wait! When I seen him, he was
text: comin’ down from the 2nd Platoon's
text: section of line on the ridge.
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: Lissen, kid, I got more problems
dialog: than I know what to do with in this
dialog: screwy outfit. I got no time to
dialog: fuck around with kid games. I want
dialog: to know what happened to you, and I
dialog: want the truth. Look at yourself!
dialog: Now, what happened? Where were you?
speaker_heading: BEAD
dialog: Well, I went across the ridge
text: outside the line. A Jap guy came up
dialog: while I was there and he tried to
dialog: bayonet me. And -- I killed him.
dialog: 44.
text: Bead exhales a long, fluttering breath, then inhales sharply
text: and gulps. Everyone is staring at him disbelievingly.
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: Goddamn it, kid! I told you I
dialog: wanted the goddamn fucking truth!
dialog: And not no kid games!
speaker_heading: BEAD
dialog: Then goddamn you go and look! Don't
dialog: take my word, go and look for your
dialog: goddamn fucking self!
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: I'll go.
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: You'll go nowhere, stoolie.
dialog: (turning to Bead)
dialog: I'll go myself. And if you're
dialog: tyin', kid, God help your ass. All
dialog: right. Where is it? Come on, show
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: BEAD
dialog: I'm not going up there again! You
dialog: want to go, go by yourself! But I
dialog: ain't going! And nothin's gonna
dialog: make me!
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: Okay. Where is it, then?
text: Storm puts on his helmet and picks up his Thompson.
speaker_heading: BEAD
text: A few yards beyond the crest, front
dialog: of Krim's hole. You won't need all
dialog: the goddamned artillery, Welsh!
dialog: There’s nobody up there now but
dialog: him!
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: Top, you wouldn't keep me from
dialog: goin’, would you?
text: Welsh stares at him a moment, then without change of
text: expression, turns away silently. It is obviously a reprimand.
text: Doll chooses to take it as silent acquiescence. And with
text: himself in the rear, the search party starts the climb to the
text: line. Meanwhile, Bead confides his anguish to Fife.
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: BEAD
dialog: He felt it. He knew what was
dialog: happening. I just lost my head, I
dialog: was afraid. I could of taken him
dialog: prisoner, we could of gotten
text: valuable information from him.
dialog: Everything I ever did I fucked up.
dialog: I just wish I hadn't touched him.
dialog: Now I can't never wash it off.
dialog: Don't kill nobody, Fife! If you can
dialog: help it! I swear it right now, I'm
dialog: never going to kill again.
text: They look up to see the little scouting party has returned.
speaker_heading: WELSH
text: He's there.
speaker_heading: DALE
dialog: He sure is.
text: Doll has hunted up the Japanese rifle and brings it back for
text: Bead. He presents it as if presenting an apology offering.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: Here, this is yours. I scrubbed the
text: blood off with leaves. I wiped off
text: the bayonet.
speaker_heading: BEAD
dialog: I don't want it.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: You won it. The hard way.
speaker_heading: BEAD
dialog: I don't want it anyway. What good's
dialog: it to me?
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: (laying it down)
dialog: Maybe you can trade it for whiskey.
dialog: And here's his wallet. Welsh said
dialog: to give it to you. There's a
text: picture of his wife in it.
speaker_heading: BEAD
dialog: Good Lord, Doll.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: There's pictures of other broads
dialog: too. Filipino, looks like. Maybe he
dialog: was in the Philippines.
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: BEAD
dialog: I don't want it anyway. You keep
dialog: it.
text: But he takes the proffered wallet anyway, his curiosity
text: piqued, in spite of himself. He looks at it.
speaker_heading: FIFE
text: He feels guilty.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: Guilty! What the hell for? It was
dialog: him or you, wasn't it? How many our
dialog: guys you think maybe he stuck that
dialog: bayonet in the Philippines? How
dialog: about those two guys yesterday?
speaker_heading: BEAD
dialog: I can't help it.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: Why!
speaker_heading: BEAD
dialog: Why! How the fuck do I know why!
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: Listen -- if you really don't want
dialog: that wallet.
speaker_heading: BEAD
dialog: No, I'll keep it. I might as well.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: Well -- I got to get back up to the
dialog: platoon.
dialog: (admiringly)
dialog: I'll say one thing. When you set
dialog: out to kill him, you really killed
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: BEAD
dialog: You think so?
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: I ain't the only one.
text: He turns and leaves, heading up the slope. Bead sees the
text: others looking at him from afar, as though he were a
text: different person. He is not sure whether he enjoys this or
text: not. He is not surprised when Stein comes over.
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: Bead, I know you've been pretty
dialog: upset by what happened to you
dialog: today. That's unavoidable. Anybody
dialog: would be. I thought you might like
dialog: to talk about it.
text: Kirk appears and kneels down behind Bead, waiting his chance
dialog: to speak with the Captain.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: You had no choice. You only did
dialog: what any other good soldier would
dialog: have done, for our country or any
dialog: other. I want you to know that
dialog: after this war is over, if there is
dialog: anything I can ever do for you
dialog: just get in touch with me. I'll do
dialog: anything I can to help you.
speaker_heading: KIRK
dialog: The Colonel's here to see you, sir.
scene_heading: EXT. HILL 209 - DAY
dialog: Stein has received unbelievable orders from Lt. Col. Tall,
text: 1st Battalion Commander. Tall is lean, a West Pointer.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: We can't do that, Colonel!
speaker_heading: COL. TALL
dialog: There's no way to outflank them. On
dialog: the left there's the cliff. It
text: falls straight down to the river.
text: The Japanese hold the bungle. It
dialog: has to be taken frontally.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: What about the water? The water's
dialog: not getting up here. My men are
text: passing out.
text: Tall looks at him, gives a slight nod, then looks away,
text: leaving Stein's question unanswered. Stein looks at his
text: watch. The-next moment, as though under a spell, he explains
text: to his officers and noncoms what their objective is.
text: They kneel just behind the crest. Stein points out the
text: features of the land that lies ahead of them; they inspect it
text: through binoculars. There are three folds of land, like
text: gentle ocean swells. Beyond them lies Hill 210.
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: We're all going to attack abreast
dialog: We've got to cross those three
dialog: folds of ground. You see? Then
dialog: once we're beyond them, we've got
text: to attack the hill.
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: We're supposed to cross that open
dialog: field?
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: (guiltily)
dialog: The Colonel says there's no way to
dialog: outflank it. We have to take it
dialog: head on, by frontal assault. We've
dialog: drawn the worst assignment. Whyte,
dialog: Blane - you see those grassy ridges
text: at the end of the field? Just at
dialog: the foot of the hill? When you get
dialog: to the end of the field, you're to
dialog: locate and eliminate the hidden
dialog: strongpoints on those ridges. I
text: can't see any sign of them, but the
dialog: Japs must have something there, to
dialog: protect the approaches... We move
dialog: out in twenty minutes. When you
text: hear the whistles.
scene_heading: EXT. FOLDS OF GROUND - THE ATTACK - DAY
text: Batteries of 105 HOWITZERS begin to blast away, joined by
text: 81mm mortars and the 155mm guns of the Americal's 221st Field
text: Artillery Battalion,-in the first time-on target attack of
text: the war. P-39s and Air Cobras fly in low to strafe and drop
text: 500-pound demolition bombs on the Japanese positions. Stein
text: looks at his watch. WHISTLES begin to blow up and down the
text: line as C-for-Charlie goes to the attack. The men have no
text: recourse except to begin to move. Minds cast frantically
text: about for legitimate last-minute excuses, and find none.
text: Though they prefer not to believe it, the moment has come.
text: Nervous fear and anxiety, contained so long and with such
text: effort in order to appear brave, now begins to come out in
text: yelled exhortations and yelps of gross false enthusiasm. They
text: move up the slope, and in bunches, crouching low and carrying
text: their rifles in one or both hands, they hop over the crest
text: and commence to run sideways and crouching down the short
text: forward slope to the flat, rocky field in front.
dialog: 49.
text: By the time Stein looks up, 1st and 2nd Platoons are passing
text: out of sight beyond the first of the swells that lies across
text: their line of advance. They are fifty yards ahead and appear
text: well deployed. Close by, directly in front of him, his
text: reserve 3rd Platoon is spread out and flattened behind the
text: first swell. with them are the company HQ and the mortar
text: section. Most of them are looking at him with blazing,
text: astonished eyes.
text: The 1st Platoon spreads out and flattens itself behind the
text: middle of the three little swells of ground. The 2nd Platoon
text: crouches in the trough behind them. Gordon's little flying
text: fox trembles inside his shirt-front.
text: Stein moves to the first swell. Young LT. WHYTE peeps over
text: the crest at the third swell. Seeing nothing, he motions for
text: his two scouts to proceed there, using an additional hand-and-
text: arm Signal meaning "speed." The BOOMING and BANGING and
text: RACKETING in the air does not seem to come from any one place
text: or several places, but simply hangs and jounces in the air,
text: sourceless. Whyte can see no visual end results of so much
text: banging and exploding. His two scouts still not having moved,
text: Whyte becomes angry and opens his mouth and bellows at them,
text: motioning again. Both of them stare at him as though they
dialog: thought him insane for even suggesting such a thing, but this
text: time, after a moment, they move. Almost side by side, they
text: leap up, cross the crest and run crouching down to the low
text: area where they flatten themselves. Whyte jumps up, making a
text: sweeping forward motion with his arm, and runs forward, his
text: platoon behind him. 2nd Platoon moves to the top of the
text: middle swell.
text: Back at the first swell, Stein watches this move and feels a
text: little reassured. He raises himself to his knees, his face
text: and whole patches of his skin twitching with mad alarm, to
text: see ist Platoon arrive at the last swell and that Lt. Whyte
text: is on the verge of making a bad tactical blunder.
text: It seems strange to Whyte, truly astonishing, that he has
text: arrived at the third and last fold of ground without a
dialog: casualty. What are the Japanese up to?
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: Maybe they've pulled out.
text: Whyte shakes his head. This would be too optimistic. while
text: his men flatten themselves and stare at him with intense
text: sweating faces, he raises himself cautiously on his elbows
text: till only his eyes show, and inspects the terrain. He cannot
text: see anything that looks like Japanese or their emplacements.
text: Whyte is scared, but his anxiety to do well today is
dialog: stronger.
dialog: 50.
text: He takes another look at the terrain ahead -- it is sucha
text: short distance to the first ridge of the hill -- and then
text: motions his scouts forward.
text: Once again the two riflemen stare at him as though they think
text: he has lost his mind, as though they would like to reason
dialog: with him if they didn't fear losing their reputations. Again
text: Whyte motions them forward, jerking his arm up and down in
text: the signal for speed. It seems eerily quiet, in the aftermath
text: of the barrage, though now and then the mortars behind them
text: GONG away. The scouts look at each other, then, gathering
text: themselves on hands and knees first, bounce up and sprint
text: twenty-five yards down into the last of the low areas and
text: fall down flat. After a moment, in which they inspect and
text: find themselves still alive, they gather themselves again. On
text: hands and knees, preparing to rise, the first one suddenly
text: falls down flat and ounces; the second, a little way behind
text: him, gets a little further up so that, when he falls, he
text: tumbles on his shoulder and rolls onto his back. And there
text: they lie, both-victims of well-placed rifle shots by unseen
text: riflemen. Neither moves again. Whyte stares at them shocked.
text: He has heard no shots, nor has he seen anything move. what is
dialog: he supposed to do now? There is nobody to tell him.
speaker_heading: WHYTE
dialog: Come on, boys! Let’s go get ‘em!
text: He leaps to his feet motioning the platoon forward. He takes
text: two step s and falls down dead, stitched diagonally from hip
text: to shoulder by BULLETS.
speaker_heading: COOMBS
dialog: I saw him die! I saw a man die!
text: Five others of Whyte’s platoon go down with him almost
text: simultaneously, some dead, some only nicked. But the impetus
text: Whyte has inaugurated remains, and the platoon charges
text: blindly on. Behind them, over the top of the third swell,
text: suddenly comes the 2nd Platoon in full career, yelling
text: hoarsely. Nine men fall at once. Two die, one of them is
text: their 2nd Lt. Blane, unluckily chosen as target by three
text: separate riflemen.
text: MORTAR SHELLS begin to drop in onto the 1st Platoon twenty-
text: five yards ahead. First two, then a single, then three
text: together pop up in unbelievable mushrooms of dirt and stones.
text: Shards and pieces wicker and WHIR in the air.
text: In the 2nd Platoon S/Sgt. Keck, watched by everyone now with
text: Lt. Blane down, throws out his arms and bellows like the
text: combined voices of ten men for them to "Hit dirt! Hit dirt!"
text: Running men melt into the earth as if a strong wind had come
text: up and blown them over like dried stalks. They disappear.
dialog: 51.
text: 1st Platoon reaches the bottom of the ridge, a long hillock
text: really, and dives into the waist-high grass which skirts it,
text: hiding from the hidden MGs above them and protecting
text: themselves from the enemy mortars. Those who cannot reach the
text: grass are hosed to earth and hiding by the machine guns, or
text: bowled over stunned by the mortars, before they can hide or
text: get close enough to the ridge to escape the fire. The late
text: Lt. Whyte's nineteenth-century charge is over.
text: Private Bell of the 2nd Platoon lies sprawled exactly as his
text: body has skidded to a halt, without moving a muscle. He
text: closes his eyes and listens. On the little ridges the
text: prolonged yammering of the MGs has stopped and now confined
text: itself to SHORT BURSTS at specific targets. Here and there
text: wounded men bellow, whine or whimper. Bell has never known
text: such eviscerating, ball-shrinking terror.
speaker_heading: BELL
dialog: Hey, Keck! Hey, Keck! We got to get
dialog: out of here.
speaker_heading: KECK
dialog: I know it.
speaker_heading: BELL
dialog: Can you see them? Can you see where
dialog: any of them are?
speaker_heading: KECK
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: BELL
dialog: What'll we do?
speaker_heading: JAPANESE (0.S.)
dialog: We know you there, Yank. Yank, we
dialog: know you there.
speaker_heading: KECK
dialog: Tojo eats shit!
text: He is answered by an angry burst of machine gun FIRE.
speaker_heading: JAPANESE (0.S.)
dialog: Roozover’ eat shit!
speaker_heading: KIRK (0.S.)
dialog: You goddamn right he does!
text: When the firing stops, Bell calls softly again.
speaker_heading: BELL
dialog: What’11 we do, Keck?
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: KECK
dialog: Listen. All you guys listen. Pass
dialog: it along so everybody knows. When I
dialog: holler go, everybody up. Load and
dialog: lock; have a nuther clip in yore
dialog: hand. 1st Squad stay put, kneeling
dialog: position,. fire covering fire. 2nd
text: and 3rd Squads hightail it back
text: over that fold. 1st Squad fire two
text: clips, then scoot. 2nd and 3rd fire
dialog: covering fire from that fold. If
dialog: you can’t see nothin’, fire
text: searching fire. Space yore shots.
dialog: Them positions is about halfway up
dialog: them ridges. Everybody got it? Then
dialog: -- GO!
text: The slope comes to life. Bell leaps up running, his legs
text: already pistoning before the leap comes down to earth. Safe
text: beyond the little fold of ground, which by now has taken on
text: characteristics of huge size, he whirls and begins to FIRE
text: cover. When 2nd and 3rd Squads come diving and tumbling back
text: over the tiny crest, Bell is content to throw himself prone,
text: press his cheek to the earth, shut his eyes and lie there.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: God, oh, God! why am I here!
dialog: Apparently, Keck's plan has worked very well. 2nd and 3rd
text: Squads, having the surprise, have gotten back untouched; and
text: 1st Squad has had only two men hit. Bell is looking right at
text: one of them as, running hard with his head down, the man (a
text: boy, named KLINE) jerks his head up suddenly, his eyes wide
text: with start and fright, and cries out "Oh!", his mouth a round
text: pursed hole in his face, and goes down. Anguished cries of
dialog: "Medic! Medic!" are beginning to be raised now here and there
text: across the field.
text: Back at the CP behind the first swell, Stein watches. Seeing
text: that their Captain can safely stand up on his knees without
text: being pumped full of holes or mangled, others are now doing
text: it. He is setting them a pretty good example, Stein thinks
text: still a little astonished by his own bravery. He calls his
text: two company AIDMEN over.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: You two fellows better get on up
dialog: there. I expect they need you.
speaker_heading: FIRST MEDIC
dialog: Yes, sir.
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: Go by rushes, if you think you have
dialog: to.
dialog: (as they disappear )
dialog: I need a runner! A volunteer!
text: Not a single figure moves to come forward or answers him.
text: Stein stares back at them, disbelieving.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: I -- can't see what happened up
dialog: there. I need someone to go up
dialog: there and find out what's happened.
text: Charlie Dale, the second cook, appears at his elbow, scowling
text: with intensity, his face dark and excited.
speaker_heading: DALE
dialog: I'll go, sir.
text: Stein watches him go trotting off bent over at the waist
text: then looks back at the rest of them, somewhat restored. There
text: are now twelve men standing on their knees in a group around
text: Stein, trying to see what is going on up front. Fife is not,
text: however, one of these. Fife is absolutely flattened out as he
text: can get, staring at flies stirring in the grass. His rage is
text: broken off short by the buzzing WHISTLE of the soundpower
text: phone that Stein has given him care of.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: COL. TALL (V.0.)
dialog: What do you mean, "yes"?
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: I mean this is Charlie Cat Seven.
dialog: Over.
speaker_heading: COL. TALL (V.0.)
dialog: That's better. This is Seven Cat
dialog: Ace. Colonel Tall here. I want
dialog: Captain Stein. Over.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: Yes, sir. He’s right here.
dialog: (to Stein)
dialog: Colonel Tall wants you.
text: Stein lies down and takes the phone. Despite the din, both he
text: and Fife beside him can hear the colonel clearly. Stein has
dialog: been caught off guard;
dialog: 54.
dialog: he did not expect to be called upon to offer explanations so
text: soon. What he hears astounds him to speechlessness.
speaker_heading: COL. TALL (V.0.)
dialog: Magnificent, Stein, magnificent!
dialog: The finest thing these old eyes
dialog: have seen in a long time.
dialog: Beautifully conceived, beautifully
dialog: executed. You'll be mentioned in
dialog: Battalion Orders, Stein. Your men
dialog: came through for you. Over.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: Yes, sir. Over.
speaker_heading: COL. TALL (V.0.)
dialog: Best sacrificial commitment to
dialog: develop a hidden position I have
dialog: ever seen outside maneuvers. Young
dialog: Whyte led beautifully. I'm
dialog: mentioning him, too. I saw him go
dialog: down in that first melee. Was he
dialog: hurt bad? But sending in your 2nd
dialog: too was brilliant. They might very
dialog: well have carried the ridge, with
dialog: luck. I don't think they were hurt
dialog: too bad. Blane led well too. How
dialog: many of the emplacements did they
dialog: locate? Did they knock out any? We
dialog: ought to have those ridges cleaned
dialog: out by noon. Hello? Hello, Stein?
dialog: Over?
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: Yes, sir. Here, sir. Over.
speaker_heading: COL. TALL (V.0.)
dialog: Thought you'd been hit. I said, how
dialog: many of the emplacements did they
dialog: locate? Did they knock any of them
dialog: out? Over.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: I don't know. Over.
speaker_heading: COL. TALL (V.0.)
dialog: What do you mean you don't know?
dialog: How can you not know? Over
text: Stein finds himself in a quandary. He cannot admit what both
dialog: he and Fife know, which is that he knows nothing about
text: Whyte's attack, did not order it, and until now has believed
dialog: it bad.
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: I'm back here. Behind the first
dialog: swell. Do you want me to stand up?
dialog: And wave? Over.
speaker_heading: COL. TALL (V.0.)
dialog: No. I can see where you are. I want
dialog: you to do something. I want you to
dialog: getup there and see what the
dialog: situation is, Stein. I want Hill
dialog: 210 in my hands tonight. To do that
dialog: I have to have those two ridges by
text: noon. The Admiral got up at dawn
dialog: for this. Come to life down there,
dialog: Stein. Out.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: (to Welsh)
dialog: Let's move up.
text: While Stein's Company HQ is trooping forward to the second of
text: the swells, the 1st Platoon continues to lie flat. After the
text: first crash and volley and thunder of mortars they all
text: expected to be dead in five minutes. Now, it seems
text: unbelievable but the Japanese do not seem to be able to see
dialog: them very well.
text: The two company aidmen have moved courageously up amongst 2nd
text: Platoon and begun little sorties out after the wounded. In
text: all there are fifteen wounded men, and six dead. The aidmen
text: do not bother with the dead, but slowly they retrieve for the
text: stretcher-bearers all of the wounded.
text: Bell watches them, astonished. With insouciance, the two of
text: them move up and down the slope of the last swell, bandaging
text: and salting, dragging and half-carrying. MORTAR SHELLS knock
text: them down, MG FIRE kicks up dirt around them, but nothing
text: touches them. They clump untouchably on, helping the sobbing,
text: near-helpless men.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLSIDE (WITT AND HOKE AMONG THE WOUNDED) - DAY
text: Witt works as a stretcher-bearer. He receives the wounded
text: from the aidmen and does what he can to comfort them. They
text: bleed. They cry. They beg for water. He puts his canteen to
text: their lips; he listens; he smooths their hair. He feels
text: strangely close to them.
text: The other men look on the wounded with fear and a hushed awe.
text: They keep their distance, though they cannot help but be
text: curious; fresh blood is so very red. It is all obscene
dialog: somehow .
dialog: 56.
dialog: Something which they feel should not be looked at, but which
text: they are compelled to look at, with guilty darting glances.
scene_heading: EXT. GRASS AT THE FOOT OF THE RIDGE - DAY
text: It is Doll who sees the first Japanese. Sensing the movement
text: around him as men begin to stir and call softly to each
text: other, he raises his head until his eyes show above the
text: slight depression into which he has sprawled. He sees three
text: figures carrying what could only be a machine gun still
text: attached to its tripod start across the slope back toward
dialog: Hill 210.
text: Doll slides his rifle up, raises the sight four clicks and,
text: lying with only his left arm and shoulder outside his little
text: hole, sights on the man in front, leading him a little, and
text: squeezes off a SHOT. The rifle bucks his shoulder and the man
text: goes down. The two men behind jump sideways together, like a
text: pair of skittish, delicately coordinated horses, and run on.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: I got him! I got him!
dialog: Doll has killed his first Japanese. For that matter, his
text: first human being of any kind. He feels an impulse to grina
text: silly grin and to laugh.
text: All at once a mortar shell SIGHS down and ten yards away
text: EXPLODES in a fountain of terror and dirt, and Doll discovers
text: his confidence hasn't been helped so much after all. After a
text: moment, he again puts his head up a little. This time he sees
text: four Japanese preparing to leave the grassy ridge and head up
text: toward the top of Hill 210. They come into si Doll from
text: somewhere on the ridge already running. Doll pulls his rifle
text: up into position and fires off FOUR SHOTS. He misses each
text: time. The Japanese disappear into the rocks.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: Hey, Queen! You there? You see them
dialog: Japs leavin’ that left ridge?
speaker_heading: QUEEN
dialog: I ain’t been seein’ much of
dialog: nothin’.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: Well, why don't you get your
dialog: fuckin’ head up and look around?
speaker_heading: QUEEN
dialog: Go fuck yourself, Doll.
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: No, I'm serious. I counted seven
dialog: Japs leavin’ that left-hand grassy
dialog: ridge. I got me one of ‘em.
speaker_heading: QUEEN
dialog: So?
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: I think they're pullin’ out of
dialog: there. Maybe somebody ought to tell
dialog: the Captain.
speaker_heading: QUEEN
dialog: You want to be the one?
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: Why not? Sure. I'll carry the
dialog: message back to Bugger for you.
speaker_heading: QUEEN
dialog: You'll do no such goddamn fucking
dialog: thing. You'll stay right the fuck
dialog: where you are and shut up. That's
dialog: an order.
text: Doll does not answer for a moment. Slowly his heart returns
dialog: to normal.
dialog: He offered and he was refused.
speaker_heading: QUEEN
dialog: They'll get us out of this ina
dialog: little bit. Somebody will. You stay
dialog: put. I'm ordering you.
text: But the thing that is driving Doll, eating on him, doesn't
text: recede. He has a strange tingling all through his belly and
text: crotch. Off to his right there is a sudden burst of MG FIRE
text: his ear now knows as Japanese, and immediately after it a CRY
dialog: of pain.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: Sounds like Stearns.
speaker_heading: STEARNS
dialog: Not my legs! Not my legs! Aidman!
dialog: Aidman! I'll be all right! Just
dialog: show me where to go!
text: The tingling in Doll gets stronger and his heart begins to
text: pound again. He has never in his life been excited quite like
dialog: this. Somebody has to get that news to Bugger. Somebody has
text: to be a -- hero. And at once he goes,, up in a flash and
text: running, bent over, his rifle in both hands.
dialog: 58.
text: A BULLET kicks up dirt two feet to his left and he zigs
text: right. Ten yards further on he zags left. Then, twenty yards
text: further, he nearly collides with Dale, who is just coming up
dialog: to get their news.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: Where you going, fuckface?
speaker_heading: DALE
dialog: I'm s’pose to find out what's going
dialog: on with you people.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: They sendin’ out cooks? They must
dialog: be in bad shape back there.
text: He hurries on past Dale without even looking back. Dale's
text: ears burn with the unprovoked insult. A feral pig flushes
text: from its hiding place in the bushes nearby. Dale SHCJTS at it
text: but misses.
text: Behind the second little swell Doll runs almost head-on into
text: Capt. Stein. He comes trotting up, bent over, giggling and
text: laughing, so out of breath he cannot talk. Welsh eyes him
text: contemptuously.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: What are you laughing at?
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: I think they're pullin’ completely
dialog: out of there, sir.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: Who sent you back here?
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: Nobody , sir. I came myself. I
dialog: thought it was something you'd want
dialog: to know.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: You're right. It is. I won't forget
dialog: it, Doll.
text: Doll does not answer, but grins and turns to Fife.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: That was exciting. More than all
dialog: the hunting, gambling and fucking I
dialog: ever done. All rolled up together.
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: God damn it, get down! George, get
text: a man with glasses and have him
dialog: spot the back of that ridge. I want
dialog: to know the second anybody leaves
dialog: it. Take mine.
scene_heading: LT. BAND
dialog: I'll do it myself.
text: Stein gives his binoculars to ist Lt. Band, his exec, then
text: turns back to Doll and begins to question him about the
text: attack, casualties, the present position of the platoon.
text: While they are talking Welsh looks over the crest at the 2nd
text: Platoon flattened out and looking back this way, watching
text: their commander, who conceivably might order them to go over
text: the crest again.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: You're not really pinned down
dialog: then. I was told --
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: Well, we are, in a way, sir. But
dialog: like you see, I got back all right.
dialog: We couldn't all come back at once.
dialog: But two or three at a time could
dialog: make it, I think. With 2nd Platoon
text: firing covering fire.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: We don't even know where those
dialog: goddamned fucking emplacements are.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: They could fire searching fire,
dialog: couldn't they?
text: Stein glares at him. So does Welsh. Welsh wants to boot the
text: new hero in the ass: already giving the company commander
dialog: advice!
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: Cap’n? You want me to go out there
dialog: and get them men back here for you?
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: No. No, I can't spare you. Might
dialog: need you. Anyway, I think I'll
dialog: leave them there a while.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 60.
dialog: They don't Sdéaim (tanrbie' @Ptting hurt
dialog: too bad and if we can get up onto
dialog: that right ridge frontally maybe
text: they can flank it.
scene_heading: LT. BAND
dialog: Hey, Jim! Hey, Captain Stein! I
text: just saw five more leaving the left
dialog: ridge, with two MGs. I think they
dialog: really are pulling out.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: Really? Really?
text: Now he hears a voice behind him and looks around to see Dale
text: staring at him with his narrow close-set eyes snapping
text: bright.
speaker_heading: DALE
dialog: Captain, are there any more jobs
dialog: you got for me to do?
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: Yes, Dale. You --
text: Stein is interrupted by the EXPLOSION of a mortar shell
text: amongst the 2nd Platoon on the swell just ahead of them. Its
text: thronging bang is almost simultaneous with a loud SCREAM of
text: pure fear. A man has thrown himself out of the line back down
text: the slope and is bucking and kicking and rolling with both
text: hands pressed behind him in the small of his back.
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: I don't think they can see us any
dialog: better than we can see them.
text: The screaming takes on a new tone, one of realization, rather
text: than the start and surprise and pure fear of before. One of
text: the aidmen rushes out to Jacques and, with the help of two
text: men from 2nd Platoon, tears open his shirt and gets a syrette
text: of morphine into him. In a few seconds he quiets. The aidman
text: shrugs with despair. Stein is white-faced, his lips tight.
text: This is the first of his men he has actually seen wounded.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: Stretcher-bearers! I believe that's
dialog: Private Jacques.
scene_heading: LT. BAND
dialog: But, Jim. Really, Jim, I don't --
text: There's other men wounded.
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: God damn you, George, shut up!
dialog: Leave me alone!
text: The stretcher-bearers arrive out of breath. Stein points over
text: the crest to where the aidman still kneels by the casualty.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: Go get that man.
text: Hoke, the lead stretcher-bearer, plainly thought someone of
text: the CP group here was wounded. Now he sees his mistake.
speaker_heading: STRETCHER-BEARER (HOKE)
dialog: We already got eight or nine down
dialog: there now that we're not supposed
dialog: to -- We're not --
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: God damn it, don't argue withe me!
dialog: I'm Captain Stein! Go get that man
dialog: I said!
text: Hoke recoils, upset. Of course nobody is wearing insignia.
scene_heading: LT. BAND
dialog: But, Jim, really, he's not --
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: God damn you, all of you! Am I in
dialog: command around here or not! Am I
dialog: company commander of this outfit or
dialog: am I not! Am I a captain or a
dialog: goddamned private! Do I give the
dialog: orders here or don't I! That man
dialog: may die. He's hit bad. Get him back
dialog: to Battalion Aid Station. See if
dialog: they can't do something to save
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: STRETCHER-BEARER (HOKE)
dialog: Yes, sir. We got others that’re hit
dialog: bad, sir. That was all I meant. we
dialog: got three down there might die any
dialog: minute.
scene_heading: LT. BAND
dialog: That's it, Jim. Don't you see?
dialog: Don't you think he ought to wait
dialog: his turn? Isn't that only fair?
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: Wait his turn? Wait his turn? Fair?
dialog: 62.
scene_heading: LT. BAND
dialog: Why put him ahead of some other
dialog: guy?
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: Go and get him, like I told you.
dialog: Back to Battalion Aid Station. I
dialog: gave you an order, Private.
speaker_heading: STRETCHER-BEARER (HOKE)
dialog: Yes, sir. Come on, you guys. We're
dialog: goin’ after that guy.
speaker_heading: STRETCHER-BEARER (WITT)
dialog: Well what the hell’re we waitin’
dialog: for? Come on, Hoke. Or are you
dialog: afraid of gettin’ that close to the
dialog: shooting?
speaker_heading: STRETCHER-BEARER (HOKE)
dialog: You shut up, Witt. Let me alone.
text: The man he has addressed stands up suddenly. With a rapacious
text: grin he marches up to where Welsh half-reclines.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: Hello, Firs’ Sarn’t.
text: Only then do Stein, or any of the rest of the C-for-Charlie
dialog: men for that matter, recognize that this Witt is their Witt,
dialog: the same that Stein and Welsh combined to transfer out of the
text: company. All of them are astonished, as Witt has obviously
dialog: meant for them to be.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: By God! Hello, Witt! What’re you
dialog: doing here?
text: True to his promise of a few days before, Witt passes his
text: narrow eyes across his friend as if Fife did not exist. They
text: come to rest on Welsh again. Welsh seems to peer into him.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: You must be out of your mind. You
dialog: must be crazy.
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: Hi, Witt. You in the medics now?
dialog: You better get down.
text: Stein, who has felt guilty about shipping Witt out when he
dialog: knew how badly Witt wanted to stay, even though he still
text: feels he did what was best for his company, says nothing.
dialog: 63.
text: Witt ignores Welsh's cautioning and remains standing straight
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: Naw, Firs’ Sarn’t, I'm still in
dialog: Cannon Comp’ny. Where you put me.
dialog: Only we ain’t got no cannons. who
dialog: we goin’ after over there, Firs’
dialog: Sarn’t?
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: Jacques.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: Old Jockey? Shit, that's too bad.
text: His three companions have already gone on and are now running
text: downhill toward the wounded man. Witt turns to follow them,
text: but then he turns back and speaks directly to Stein.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: Please, sir, can I come back to the
dialog: company? After we get Jockey back
dialog: to Battalion? I can slip away easy.
dialog: They'11 give Hoke another man. Can
dialog: I, sir?
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: Well, I -- Of course, you'll have
dialog: to get permission.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: Sure. And my rifle. Thank you, sir.
text: He exchanges a look with Welsh, who turns to Stein as though
text: to protest this decision. Then, continuing to ignore Fife, he
text: turns and follows after his companions. Stein stares after
dialog: him. For a man to want to come back into a forward rifle
text: company in the midst of an attack is simply incomprehensible.
dialog: In a way, though, it is very romantic -- like something out
dialog: of Kipling.
text: Fife lies flat and shuts his eyes. Even though he knows that
text: Witt's gesture of ignoring him has to do with their argument
text: of a few days back, he cannot help taking it as contempt and
text: disgust for his present cowardice -- as if Witt with one
text: glance had looked inside his mind. when he reopens his eyes,
text: he finds himself looking into the pleading white face of
text: little Bead a few feet away.
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: DALE
dialog: First chance I hadda be free of
dialog: that goddamn Storm and all them
dialog: cooks cooking up a bunch of shit
dialog: for people to gorge their guts on.
dialog: First chance I had to talk to the
dialog: Comp'ny C'mander, personally, like
dialog: this.
text: Fife looks at him in astonishment. For one thing, it is a
dialog: long time since anyone heard Charlie Dale string this many
text: sentences together. He really does seem to be enjoying it,
text: especially watching Storm all flattened out beside Sgt.
dialog: Welsh.
speaker_heading: DALE
dialog: People are starting to rekinize me.
dialog: (glancing at Storm)
dialog: Hour ago that dumb fuck was giving
dialog: me orders.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: We know the Japs have vacated the
dialog: ridge on the left. Dale, you go to
dialog: 3rd Platoon, tell them to move up
dialog: and occupy it. Report to Lieutenant
dialog: Gore if you can find him. Tell him
dialog: I don't want to lose any more men
dialog: than he has to. Get back as soon as
dialog: you can.
speaker_heading: DALE
dialog: Aye, aye, sir.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: I want both you and Doll to stay
dialog: with me. I'll have further work for
dialog: both of you. You've both been
dialog: invaluable.
speaker_heading: DALE
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: Dale snaps out a tiny little salute and takes off, running
text: bent over along the low area behind the fold.
speaker_heading: STEIN
text: The ridge on the right is going to
dialog: be the trouble spot. The main
dialog: strongpoint is there. Doll, you go
dialog: back and tell 1st Platoon I want
dialog: them to fire cover. Go!
dialog: 65.
text: Doll moves off reluctantly. He did not intend, when he first
text: came back, to set himself up as a troubleshooting messenger
dialog: to dangerous areas for Bugger Stein.
speaker_heading: STEIN
text: 2nd Platoon will make the attack.
text: Sgt. Keck, as 2nd Platoon leader,
dialog: you're to lead it.
dialog: (guiltily)
dialog: You'll take three squads and attack
dialog: up the ridge. It won't be easy.
dialog: Crawl up the slope as far as you
dialog: can get, until they discover you.
dialog: Then attack. The rest of us will
dialog: move forward to support you. We're
text: going after them, men.
text: Keck listens, astonished. It will be a frontal attack
text: uphill, under heavy fire.
text: Meanwhile, Doll passes up through 2nd Platoon, at the third
text: swell. The men, cheeks pressed to the earth, stare at him
text: with indifferent, sullen curiosity. He is aware that his eyes
text: are narrowed, his nostrils flared, his jaw set. He makes a
text: handsome picture of a soldier for the 2nd Platoon men who
text: watch him. Then he is up and running. Some bullets kick up
text: dirt to right and left. He zigs and zags. Finally, just ahead
text: of him, he sees a hand and arm shoot up into the air, the
text: hand describing the old circular hand-and-arm signal for
text: "Gather here." Doll pulls up to find Queen lying placidly on
text: his side and grinning up at him ruefully, his rifle hugged
text: against his chest.
speaker_heading: QUEEN
dialog: Come right in.
scene_heading: EXT. SECOND FOLD TO THIRD FOLD - DAY
text: Stein begins to move forward. Patches of flesh on his face
text: twitch uncontrollably. From behind the third swell he will
text: mount the attack and observe it too. He wonders if the men
text: can tell his nerves are wearing thin. In the first place he
dialog: can never be sure that what he is doing is right, might not
dialog: be done better and with less cost in some other way. Danger
text: flickers and blinks in the air like a faulty neon tube.
text: Whenever he stands up he might be struck by a bullet
text: Whenever he moves a few feet he might be moving under a
text: descending mortar shell.
text: He is turning these things over in his mind when Fife holds
text: the phone up to his ear. He is dumbfounded to hear the
text: Colonel shouting at him that he is too far to the right.
dialog: 66.
text: He is not even given an opportunity to explain his proposed
dialog: attack.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: I don't understand. What do you
dialog: mean -- too far to the right?
text: They've evacuated the left-hand
dialog: grassy ridge. My 3rd Platoon's
text: moving up to occupy it. Over.
speaker_heading: COL. TALL (V.0.)
dialog: God damn it, Stein! I'm telling you
dialog: your left flank's exposed. Do' you
dialog: know what it is to expose your
dialog: flank? Did you ever read ina
dialog: tactics manual about exposing your
dialog: left flank? Damn it, you've got to
dialog: move down there! You're not moving!
dialog: Over.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: God damn it, Colonel, right now, as
dialog: you call, we're moving out to
text: attack the right-hand grassy ridge.
dialog: Over. God damn it.
speaker_heading: COL. TALL (V.0.)
dialog: Stein, you're too far right
dialog: already! You're sideslipping to the
dialog: right alla time. I've decided to
dialog: commit the reserve company on your
dialog: left -- with orders to attack!
dialog: Orders to attack, Stein, you hear?
dialog: Over.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: Do you want me to go ahead with my
dialog: attack? Over.
speaker_heading: COL. TALL (V.0.)
dialog: What else? What else, Stein? You're
dialog: not supposed to be down there ona
dialog: goddamned asshole vacation. Get
dialog: cracking! Out.
text: Stein looks over the terrain that lies ahead of them. He
dialog: points its geography out to Band, Welsh and Keck
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: The first problem will be getting
dialog: the men from here across that
text: bareass field to the foot of the
dialog: ridge. It'll be safer there.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 67.
dialog: We'll be rSgiHIN(raya'ihst them, too
text: close to hit us with their MGs and
dialog: mortars. There's your ridge, Keck.
dialog: You see?
text: Suddenly Dale appears, running bent over at the waist in that
text: peculiar fashion everybody instinctively adopts. Rifle and MG
text: FIRE hit the ground all around him, but nothing touches him,
text: and he arrives among them a hero. Everyone within reach slaps
text: him on the back as he makes his way to Stein to give his
dialog: report.
speaker_heading: DALE
dialog: They’re okay. 3rd Platoon's
text: occupied the ridge on the left.
text: Stein sees a lone figure hurry toward him. It is Witt, with
text: his rifle and some extra bandoliers. At the same time, Pfc
text: Doll returns from his hazardous mission to 1st Platoon.
text: Everything is building toward the moment of truth.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: Found Queen. They're ready.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: Dale, if you want to go out with
dialog: these others when they make the
dialog: attack, I'll make you an acting
dialog: sergeant right now and put you in
dialog: command of the extra squad. Do you
dialog: want to do that?
speaker_heading: DALE
dialog: Sure. Sure, sir. If you think I'm
dialog: capable, sir. If you think I can do
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: Okay. I make you an acting
dialog: sergeant. You'll go with the
text: others. Under the command of Keck
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: DALE
dialog: Aye, sir. But don't you have to say
dialog: hereby?
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: DALE
dialog: I said: don't you have to say
dialog: hereby? You know, to make it
dialog: official.
dialog: 68.
text: In some slow-stirring, labyrinthine depth of his animal's
text: mind Dale seems to be suspicious of Stein's honesty.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: No. I don't have to say anything
dialog: but what I've said. You're an
dialog: acting sergeant.
text: Dale turns to Doll and grins. While Doll gathers his breath
text: and stricken sense of justice, Witt asks permission to join
text: the attack force. He seems to enjoy Welsh's look of
text: exasperation.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: Can I go, sir? I'm ready.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: Can I go too, sir?
text: Stein, unable to hide his stunned disbelief, nods his
text: agreement. It gives him a terrible feeling of moral
dialog: culpability to choose which men to send in. Some of them will
dialog: surely die, and he does not want to decide which ones. Let
dialog: Luck choose, or whatever agency runs the lives of men.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: All right, yes. Thank you, Doll.
text: Doll crawls away biting the inside of his lip so hard that it
text: brings tears to his eyes. Fife watches him bang his head
text: violently against a rock, his whole body writhing like a
dialog: snake's. Why does he do things like this to himself? Why
dialog: can't he keep his mouth shut?
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: All right, Keck. When they're all
dialog: there, space them out. Advance by
dialog: rushes. You might as well go. we're
dialog: counting on you.
speaker_heading: KECK
dialog: Listen, Cap’n. There's somethin’ I
dialog: wanted to tell you. That guy Bell
dialog: is a good man. Pretty steady. He
dialog: helped me get going and get the
dialog: platoon out of that hole we were in
dialog: after that charge. I just wanted to
dialog: tell you.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: Okay, I'll remember. Take care of
dialog: yourself, Keck. I need you.
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: KECK
dialog: I'll take care of myself as good as
dialog: anybody can around here.
scene_heading: LT. BAND
dialog: Give them hell, Sergeant! Give them
dialog: hell!
text: The two attacking squads soon separate themselves from the
text: other half of the platoon. Most of them, in their bodily
text: attitudes and in their faces, resemble sheep about to be led
text: to the slaughter pens in Chicago. They wait. Keck has only to
dialog: crawl to them.
speaker_heading: KECK
dialog: Okay, you guys. This is it. We're
dialog: goin’ down in groups of four. No
dialog: point in goin’ by rushes, only make
dialog: a better target stopped. Run all
dialog: the way. We ain't got any choice.
dialog: We're picked, so we got to go. I’1l
dialog: take the first bunch myself. I want
dialog: Charlie Dale with me. Dale? You can
dialog: organize them guys that's down
dialog: there. Let's move out.
text: He starts to crawl to the jump-off point just beyond the knot
text: of officers and CP men, and it is here that the first case of
text: overt cowardice occurs in C-for-Charlie. A big, beautifully
text: muscled man named SICO, an Italian draftee from Philly,
text: suddenly sits down in his tracks and begins to hold his
text: stomach and groan.
speaker_heading: KECK
dialog: Get up, God damn you, Sico. Or Ill
dialog: kick you so hard in that stomach
dialog: you'll really be sick.
speaker_heading: SICO
dialog: I can't, Sergeant. I would if I
dialog: could. You know I would. I'm sick.
speaker_heading: KECK
dialog: Sick, my foot.
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: Hold it', Keck. What is it, Sico?
speaker_heading: SICO
dialog: I don't know, Sergeant. It's my
dialog: stomach. Pains. Cramps. I can't
dialog: straighten up. I'm sick.
dialog: 70.
text: As if to prove it he suddenly vomits. He does not even try to
text: bend over and the vomit burps up out of him and runs down
text: over his fatigue shirt onto his hands which hold his belly.
text: He looks at Welsh hopefully out of the dark, tortured holes
text: of his eyes, but appears ready to do it again if necessary.
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: Leave him.
dialog: (to Sico)
dialog: Come on. The medics will take care
dialog: of you, Sico.
speaker_heading: SICO
dialog: Thank you, Sergeant.
text: Keck seems to want to protest. Witt studies the scene.
text: Welsh's indulgence is curious to him.
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: Don't argue with me.
text: Sico continues to sit and watch the others pass. He groans
text: audibly from time to time and now and then he gags, but
text: apparently does not feel it necessary to vomit more. His face
text: looks haunted and his eyes tormented.
text: Keck's men begin to run the gauntlet. Each squad sergeant -
text: first Milly Becker, then McCron -- supervises the jump-off of
text: his men in groups of four. All of them make it down safely
dialog: except two. Of these, one, a Mississippi farmer named Catt
text: is killed outright. The other, Pvt Alfredo Tella, hit
text: running, falls, bounces hard and moans like a boy who has
text: taken a spill from his bicycle.
text: Unfortunately, the Japanese heavy mortars, still firmly
text: seated on the heights of Hill 210, have seen the forward
text: movement of American troops, too. Shells begin EXPLODING
text: their fountains of terror, dirt and fragments as the Japanese
text: gunners finger the area.
scene_heading: EXT. GRASSY SLOPE (KECK’S ATTACK) - DAY
text: Keck spreads his men out in a line and then gives the order
text: to crawl. The grass is about chest-high here and has a
text: matted, tangled underhayer of old stems. It chokes them with
text: dust, ties up their arms and feet, makes it impossible to
text: see. They crawl for what seems an eternity, expecting the
dialog: Japanese to open up at any moment. It requires tremendous
text: exertion. Most of them have long since used up all of their
text: water. Halfway up the slope Keck orders them to stop.
dialog: 71.
text: For a moment he lies gathering his will power and thinks
text: about their faces. Then, taking a deep breath he stands up
text: straight in the grass.
speaker_heading: KECK
dialog: Up! Up! Go!
text: They rise in a line and begin to scamper uphill, FIRING as
text: they go. Almost immediately the MGs begin to HAMMER, and at
text: once men begin to fall. The fury of the Japanese fire strikes
text: them like a wind-tormented hailstorm. The Japanese have been
text: smart and have waited, conserving their fire till they have
text: targets. Four men of McCron’s squad go down at once. On the
text: right, a young draftee named Wynn is shot in the throat and
text: screams, "Oh, my God!" in a voice of terror and disbelief as
text: a geyser of blood spurts from his neck. Next to him, another
text: soldier, is caught in the face, perhaps from the same burst
text: He goes down without a sound, looking as if he's been hit in
text: the face with a tomato. All this is apparently too much for
text: McCron, who has clucked over and mothered this squad for
text: months, and he simply drops his rifle and sits down crying.
text: Dale, on the left, sees the first emplacement, the first live
text: one any of them has ever actually seen. It is a one-gun job,
text: a simple hole dug in the ground and covered over with sticks
text: and kunai grass. From the dark opening he can see the muzzle
text: SPITTING FIRE at him. So far Dale has not fired a shot. what
dialog: is the point, when there are no targets? But now, seeing the
text: emplacement, he carefully releases his safety and FIRES a
text: long burst with his Thompson gun, straight into the hole
text: twenty yards away. Before he can release the trigger the gun
text: jams solidly. But his burst is enough to stop the machine
text: gun, at least momentarily, and Dale runs toward it pulling a
text: grenade from his shirt. From ten yards away he throws the
text: grenade like a baseball, wrenching hell out of his shoulder.
text: The grenade disappears through the hole, then BLOWS UP,
text: scattering sticks and grass and three rag dolls and upending
text: the machine gun. Dale turns back to his squad, licking his
text: lips and grinning with beady pride.
text: MGs still hammer at them from seemingly every quarter of the
text: globe. Men are still going down. They still have not located
text: any main strongpoints. Directly in front of them thirty yards
text: away, there is a winding gully and four-foot cut which
text: extends clear across their front.
text: Instinctively everyone begins to run for that. They dive in
text: behind its protection pell-mell, sobbing with exhaustion. The
text: exertion and the heat have been too much. Several men vomit
text: One man gurgles once senselessly, then -- his eyes rolling
text: back in his head -- faints from heat prostration. They lie
text: against the ledge in the midday sun and smell the hot, summer-
text: smelling dust. Insects HUM around them. The fire has stopped.
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: Well, what’re we gonna do now?
speaker_heading: KECK
dialog: We're gonna stay right here. Maybe
dialog: they'll get some reinforcements up
dialog: to us.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: Ha! To do what?
speaker_heading: KECK
dialog: To capture these goddamn fucking
dialog: positions around here! what you
dialog: think?
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: You mean you really want to go on
dialog: with it?
speaker_heading: KECK
dialog: I don't know. No. Not no uphill
dialog: charge. But they get us some
dialog: reinforcements, we can scout around
dialog: and maybe locate where all these
dialog: goddamn fucking MGs are. Anyway,
dialog: it's better than going back down
dialog: through that. You want to go back
dialog: down?
text: Nobody answers this, and Keck does not feel it necessary to
text: elaborate. Witt studies the ants crawling on the ground.
speaker_heading: KECK
dialog: McCron’s gone. Bell, I'm appointing
dialog: you acting sergeant in his place.
speaker_heading: BECKER
dialog: What if the Japs come down here in
dialog: force and throw us off of here?
speaker_heading: KECK
dialog: I don't think they will. But we
dialog: better have a sentry. Doll.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: Somethin’s comin’!
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: They’re comin’! Somebody’s comin’!
text: AS one man the line behind the cut sweeps up and forward,
dialog: rifles ready.
dialog: 73.
text: Forty yards away seven pot-headed, bandy-legged, starved-
text: looking Japanese men are running down-at them across an
text: ungrassed area carrying hand grenades in their right hands
text: and bayoneted rifles in their left. The massed rifle FIRE
text: from the ledge disposes of them quickly. Only one of them is
text: able even to throw; and his grenade, a dud, lands short. When
text: the fire ceases, only two bodies continue to move. Aiming
text: deliberately in the sudden quiet, Witt the Kentuckian puts a
text: killing round into each one of them.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: You never can tell about them boys.
dialog: Even when they’re hit.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: Why’d they do it? If they wanted to
dialog: throw us out of here, why didn't
dialog: they come in force? Why just seven?
dialog: It don't figure.
speaker_heading: DALE
dialog: Maybe they were doing it on their
dialog: own. Without orders.
text: They await a second, larger attack, but only four more
text: Japanese appear. Witt, who is the best marksman in the
text: regiment, quickly SHOOTS three down. Doll and Dale watch in
text: awe. Keck reaches in his hip pocket to pull out a grenade,
text: and-in the excitement he gets it by the pin. He and Bell
text: exchange a look of dizzying, near-fainting terror, then he
text: leaps back from the line and sits back against a little dirt
text: hammock, to protect the others. The grenade goes off with a
text: sickening THUD. They see there is nothing they can do for
text: him. His entire right buttock and much of his lower back have
text: been blown away.
speaker_heading: KECK
dialog: What a fucking recruit trick to
dialog: pull.
speaker_heading: BECKER
dialog: He jumped away -- so we wouldn't
dialog: get hit.
text: Bell and Doll sit with him while the others go back to the
text: line. They wipe the mud off his face and try to reassure him.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: We'll take care of you, Keck. I
dialog: swear to God we will! Just take it
dialog: easy.
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: KECK
dialog: You guys write my old lady, will
dialog: you? Don't forget. I want her to
dialog: know I died like a man.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: Sure, sure. But nobody's gonna haf
dialog: to write your old lady. You'll come
dialog: out of this. We got stretcher-
dialog: bearers with us, remember?
dialog: Battalion Aid Station's movin' up
dialog: all the time. They'll have you back
text: to the docs in no time.
speaker_heading: KECK
dialog: Bullshit. Don't bullshit me. I'm
dialog: cold.
speaker_heading: BELL
dialog: There, there. Just take it easy.
speaker_heading: KECK
dialog: You guys don't forget to write my
dialog: old lady I died like a man.
text: He sighs, first sign of the approaching breathlessness of
text: massive hemorrhage.
speaker_heading: KECK
dialog: I grabbed it by the pin. This
dialog: fuckin’ mud on my face!
text: Bell wets his handkerchief and cleans Keck's face with it.
text: This seems to make him feel better. Becker turns from the cut
dialog: to signal the company to send reinforcements.
speaker_heading: KECK
dialog: Just don't forget to write my old
dialog: lady I died like a man.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: Just take it easy. Don't talk like
dialog: that. You'll make it out of this.
speaker_heading: KECK
dialog: Horseshit. I'm bleedin’ to death.
dialog: Ain't I?
text: He looks at Witt, who does not answer but watches him with
dialog: sympathy.
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: KECK
dialog: See? Maybe it's just as good. I'm
dialog: all messed upon the crock. What if
dialog: I couldn't fuck no more? Just don't
dialog: forget to write my old lady I died
dialog: manly.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: Sure, sure. I'll write her. Just
dialog: take it easy.
text: Witt comes up. Doll and Bell drift away. Witt is calm and
text: cheerful in the presence of death; he does not look away. He
text: feels a bond with the dying man. The others are solemn,
dialog: embarrassed.
speaker_heading: KECK
dialog: Aid Station’s never gonna get up
text: here. The medics either.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: You're gonna be all right. Even if
dialog: you die. You didn't let your
dialog: brother down... Those flies
dialog: bothering you?
text: He whisks the flies away from Keck's face and waits. His eyes
dialog: express a deep understanding and tenderness.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: We'll remember what you done. We
dialog: won't forget it. It won't be
dialog: wasted.
text: Keck looks at him uncomprehendingly. The others return. The
text: breathlessness has hit him; they know it won't be long.
speaker_heading: KECK
dialog: I'm cold. Freezin’!
text: When he stops breathing, the men stand up.
speaker_heading: BELL
dialog: You going to write his wife?
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: Fuck no! I don't know his old lady.
dialog: That's the Company Commander's job
dialog: not mine. You out of your mind? I
dialog: ain't no good at writin’ letters.
speaker_heading: BELL
dialog: You told him you would.
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: I say anything when they're like
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: BELL
dialog: Somebody ought to do it.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: Then you write her.
speaker_heading: BELL
dialog: I didn't tell him I would.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: (to Doll)
dialog: You make me sick.
text: Squaring his shoulders, he stares at Doll, ready to fight him
text: then and there, in the midst of combat. Doll does not want a
text: fight. witt turns away in disgust. Charlie Dale comes over.
speaker_heading: DALE
dialog: All over?
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: Yeah.
scene_heading: THIRD FOLD TO CUT (WITH BINOCULAR MATTE) - DAY
text: Stein, through his binoculars, sees the men clustered around
text: the figure on the ground, two hundred yards away. Keck! Then
text: he sees that Sgt. Becker is looking at him -or anyway toward
text: him -- and making the Old Army hand-and-arm signal for
text: "Converge on me." He wants reinforcements. Exertion, nervous
text: exhaustion and fear are wearing Stein down.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: He wants help... That whole ridge
text: is a giant honeycomb of MG
text: emplacements. A regular fortress.
text: The attack's bogged down. They
dialog: aren't enough men. It'd take a full
dialog: company .
dialog: (to Band)
dialog: Twelve men down! I counted every
dialog: one of them. My men!... Now he
dialog: wants us to send more after them.
text: Suddenly Stein hears from near the foot of the ridge the
text: first thin, piping YELLS. They sound insane.
dialog: 77.
text: What they lack in volume, they more than make up in their
text: penetrating qualities. They come in a series, each lasting
text: five full seconds. Then there is silence.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: BAND
dialog: My God!
text: Band looks back at him with squinted, dilated eyes. From the
text: high grass out beyond them, high and shrill, the series of
text: yells comes again. They are not screams. Stein is able to
text: pick him out easily with the glasses, which brings him up
text: very close, too close for comfort. Pvt Tella -- he has fallen
text: at the bottom of the slope. Now he is trying to crawl back.
text: He has been hit squarely in the groin with a burst of heavy
text: MG fire which has torn his whole belly open. Lying on his
text: back, his head uphill, both hands pressed to his belly to
text: hold his intestines in, he is inching his way toward them.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: Tella. Medic!
scene_heading: LT. BAND
dialog: What are we gonna do?
text: From below the insane series of YELLS comes again, identical,
text: unchanging. Stein and Band aren't the only ones to hear them.
text: The entire remainder of the 2nd Platoon lying along the crest
text: of the swell have heard him. So has the Medic who is now
text: running bent over along the slope to Stein. Fife pricks his
text: ears. The mortar shells are still falling every minute or
text: two. Sometimes you can hear their fluttery SHU-ING sound for
text: two seconds before they hit; and Fife is completely
text: terrorized by them.
speaker_heading: MEDIC
dialog: There's nothing anybody can do
dialog: that’ll help him. He'll be dead
dialog: before they can ever get him back
dialog: to a surgeon. He's got dirt all
dialog: over his bowels. Even sulfa won't
dialog: fix that. In these jungles?
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: How long?
speaker_heading: MEDIC
dialog: Two hours? Four, maybe? Maybe only
dialog: one. Maybe less.
dialog: The Medic
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: God damn it, man! We can't any of
dialog: us stand it that long! Not counting
dialog: him! And I can't ask you to go down
dialog: there.
dialog: 
text: studies the terrain. He blinks several times.
speaker_heading: MEDIC
dialog: Maybe it's worth a try.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: You said yourself nobody could do
dialog: anything to help him.
speaker_heading: MEDIC
dialog: At least I could get a syrette of
text: morphine into him.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: Would one be enough? I mean, you
dialog: know, would it keep him quiet?
speaker_heading: MEDIC
dialog: Not for long. But I could give him
dialog: two. I could leave him three or
dialog: four for himself.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: Maybe he wouldn't take them. He's
dialog: delirious. Couldn't you just, sort
dialog: of, give them all to him at once?
speaker_heading: MEDIC
dialog: That would kill him, sir. I
dialog: couldn't do that, I really
dialog: couldn't.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: Okay -- well, you want to try it?
text: From below the set, unchanging series of YELLS rises up to
text: them, precise, inflexible, a little quavery this time.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: I hope he doesn't begin to cry. God
dialog: damn it! My company won't have any
dialog: fighting spirit left at all if we
dialog: don't do something about him!
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: MEDIC
dialog: I'll go, sir. After all, it's my
dialog: job. After all, it's worth a try,
dialog: isn't it, sir? To stop the yells.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: God, I don't know.
speaker_heading: MEDIC
dialog: I'm volunteering. I've been down
dialog: there before. They won't hit me,
dialog: sir.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: You were on the left. It's not as
dialog: bad there.
speaker_heading: MEDIC
dialog: I'm volunteering.
text: Agonized, Stein waits several seconds before he speaks.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: When do you want to go?
speaker_heading: MEDIC
dialog: Any time. Right now.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: No, wait. At least I can give you
text: some covering fire.
speaker_heading: MEDIC
dialog: I'd rather go now, sir. And get it
text: over with.
text: They have been lying side by side, their helmets almost
text: touching as they talk, and now Stein turns to look at the
text: boy. He cannot help wondering whether he has talked this boy
dialog: into volunteering.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: Okay. Go ahead.
text: The Medic nods, looking straight ahead this time, then
text: springs up into a crouch, and is gone over the crest of the
dialog: swell.
text: It is all over almost before it gets started. Running like
text: some fleeting forest animal, his medic's web equipment
text: flopping, he reaches the damaged Tella, swings round to face
text: him up the hill, then drops to his knees, his hands already
text: groping at the pouch which holds his syrettes.
dialog: 80.
text: Before he can get the cap off the needle, one single MG OPENS
text: uP from the ridge stitching across the area. Stein and the
text: remnants of 2nd Platoon watch him jerk straight up, eyes and
text: mouth wide, face slack, not so much with disbelief or mental
text: shock as with sheer simple physiological surprise.
text: Stein waits. Seconds ago he was alive and Stein was talking
text: to him; now he is dead. Just like that. But Stein's attention
text: is pulled away before he can think more, pulled away by two
text: things. One is Tella, who now begins to scream in a high
text: babbling falsetto of hysteria totally different from his
text: former yells. Obviously he has been hit again, and while one
text: bloodstained hand tries to hold in his intestines, the other
text: gropes at the new wound in his chest.
speaker_heading: DISTANT JAPANESE (0.S.)
dialog: Cly, Yank, cly! Yerl, Yank, yerl!
text: The next thing that catches Stein's attention is a figure
text: emerging from the grass fifty yards ahead and plodding
text: steadily toward them. Stein sees that it is his Sgt. McCron,
text: that he is wringing his hands and weeping. On his face two
text: great white streaks of clean skin run from eye to chin,
text: accentuating the eyes, as if he were wearing the haunting
text: makeup of a tragic actor in some Greek drama.
text: And on he comes, while behind him Japanese MGs and small arms
text: OPEN UP all across the ridge, making dirt puffs all around
text: him. Nothing touches him. At last he sits down beside his
dialog: Captain.
speaker_heading: MCCRON
dialog: Dead. All dead, Cap’n. Every one.
dialog: I'm the only one. All twelve. Young
dialog: men. I looked after them. Taught
dialog: them everything I knew. It didn't
dialog: mean a thing. Dead. What more can
dialog: you do?
scene_heading: LT. BAND
dialog: They can't all be dead, McCron.
speaker_heading: MCCRON
dialog: (in a rage)
dialog: I tried to help them! All gone!
dialog: They 're all gone! Wynn! Gordon!
dialog: Darl! Gwenne! Vincente! Mack!
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: Medic! Take him back. Stay with
dialog: him. When you get back there, tell
dialog: them we need another medic now. At
dialog: least one.
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: SECOND MEDIC
dialog: Yes, sir. Come on, Mac. That's it
dialog: Come on, boy. It'll be all right.
dialog: It'll be all right.
speaker_heading: MCCRON
dialog: They're all dead. How can it be all
dialog: right? Why? Why? Why?
text: He allows himself to be led off by the arm. Stein sighs and
text: turns his attention back to Tella. The Italian is still
text: screaming his piercing wailing scream and does not seem to
dialog: show any indication that he is ever going to run down. If it
text: keeps on, it is going to unnerve them all. Stein does not
dialog: know what to do. He cannot send another man out there. A hot
text: unbelieving, outraged fury seizes him. And just then a large
text: green object of nature on his right rises up and bounds over
text: the crest of the swell, growling obscenities. Before Stein
dialog: can even yell the one word, "Welsh!", the First Sergeant is
text: careering across the field at full gallop toward the ridge.
scene_heading: WELSH AND TELLA (TRACK WITH WELSH)
text: Welsh sees everything before him with a furious clarity: the
text: rocky, thin-grassed field running off to the foot of the
text: ridge, mortar-and bullet-pocked, the hot bright sunshine and
text: deep cerulean sky, the incredibly white clouds above the
text: towering high-up horseshoe of Hill 210, the yellow serenity
text: of the ridge before him.
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: Fuck you! Fuck you!
text: He charges on happily, zigzagging professionally . But when
text: he skids to a stop on his belly beside the mutilated Italian
text: boy, he realizes he has made no plans about what to do when
text: he arrives here.
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: How goes it, kid?
text: Tella rolls his eyes around like a maddened horse until he
text: can see who it is. He does not stop his screaming.
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: You got to be quiet. I came to help
dialog: you. Tella!
text: Finally the scream stops of itself, from lack of breath, and
text: Tella breathes, causing more blood to run from the hole in
text: his chest. When he speaks, it is only a few decibels lower
text: than the scream.
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: TELLA
dialog: Fuck you! I'm dying! I'm dying,
dialog: Sarge! Look at me! Get away from
dialog: me! I'm dying!
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: Okay, but goddamn it, do it with
dialog: less noise.
speaker_heading: TEL LA
dialog: How you going to help me?
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: Take you back.
speaker_heading: TELLA
dialog: You can't take me back! You want to
dialog: help me, shoot me!
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: (yelling in the noise)
dialog: You're off your rocker. You know I
dialog: can't do that.
speaker_heading: TELLA
dialog: Sure you can! You got your rifle
dialog: there! Point it at me! You want to
dialog: help me, shoot me and get it over
dialog: with! I can't stand it! I'm scared!
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: Does it hurt much?
speaker_heading: TELLA
dialog: Sure it hurts, you dumb son of a
dialog: bitch! You can’t take me back
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: We'll see. You stick with old
dialog: Welsh. Trust old Welsh. Did I ever
dialog: give you a bum steer?
text: He is aware now -- he knows -- that he won't be able to stay
text: much longer. Already he is flinching and jerking
text: uncontrollably under the fire. Crouching, he runs around to
text: Tella's head and gets him under the armpits and heaves.
speaker_heading: TELLA
dialog: Aaa-eeeee! You're killing me!
dialog: You're pulling me apart! Put me
dialog: down, goddamn you! Put me down!
text: Welsh drops him quickly, by simple reflex. Too quickly.
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: TELLA
dialog: You son of a bitch! You son of a
dialog: bitch! Leave me alone! Leave me
dialog: alone! Don't touch me! Why are you
dialog: touching me?
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Stop that yelling. It ain't
dialog: dignified. All right, we'll do it
dialog: this way, then.
text: Slipping one arm under the Italian's knees and the other
text: under his shoulders, he lifts.
speaker_heading: TELLA
dialog: Aaa-eeeee! Put me down! Put me
dialog: down! You're breaking me in two!
dialog: Put me down! You'll kill me! You
dialog: son of a bitch! You fucker! You
dialog: bastard! I told you to leave me
dialog: alone! I never ast you to come down
dialog: here! Go away! Leave me alone! You
dialog: shiteater! Stay away from me!
text: Turning his head away and closing his eyes, he begins his
text: desperate, wailing, piercing scream again. Five yards above
text: them on the slope a line of machine gun BULLETS slowly
text: stitches itself across from left to right. With sudden,
text: desperate inspiration, Welsh leaps across the prostrate Tella
text: and begins rummaging in the dead Medic's belt pouches.
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: Here! Tella! Take these! Tella!
text: Tella stops screaming and opens his eyes. Welsh tosses him
text: two morphine syrettes he has found and begins to attack
text: another pouch.
speaker_heading: TELLA
dialog: More! More! Gimme more! More!
text: Welsh tosses him a double handful he has found in the other
text: pouch, and then turns to run. But something stops him.
text: Crouched like a sprinter at the gun, he turns his head and
text: looks at Tella one more time. Tella, already unscrewing the
text: cap from one of the syrettes, is looking at him feelingly,
text: his eyes wide and white.
speaker_heading: TELLA
dialog: Goodbye! Goodbye, Welsh!
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: Goodbye, kid.
dialog: It is all he can think of to say. For that matter, it is all
text: he has time to say, because he is already off and running.
text: Bullets WHIR by his head. He runs and runs and then he falls
text: headlong over the little crest and just lies there, half-dead
dialog: from exhaustion.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: Sergeant, I saw the whole thing
dialog: through the glasses. I want you to
dialog: know I'm mentioning you in Orders
dialog: tomorrow. I'm recommending you for
dialog: the Silver Star. I can only say --
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: Captain, if you say one word to
dialog: thank me, I will punch you square
dialog: in the nose. Right here. If you
dialog: ever so much as mention me in your
dialog: fucking orders, I will resign my
dialog: rating two minutes after, and leave
dialog: you to run this pore, busted-up
dialog: outfit by yourself. If I go to
dialog: jail. So fucking help me.
text: He shuts his eyes and rolls over away from Bugger, who says
dialog: nothing.
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: Property! Property!
text: Witt has perceived Welsh's selfless aid to the dying man.
text: They glance at one another. Stein slowly crawls back to Fife
text: and the soundpower phone. His arm is trembling as he takes
text: the receiver. How long can he go on? How much longer can he
dialog: watch his men being killed in agony like this? His CP force
text: and the remnants of 2nd and 3rd Platoons watch him with white
text: eyes, as though looking to him and hoping he can in some way
dialog: get them out of this mess, so that they might go on living.
speaker_heading: COL. TALL (V.0.)
dialog: Why aren't you following up your
dialog: attack and exploiting it? What's
dialog: the matter with you, Stein? Those
dialog: men should be reinforced
dialog: immediately. What are they doing? I
dialog: can see them through my glasses.
dialog: They're just lying behind that
dialog: ledge. They should be up and out
dialog: cleaning out those machine guns.
dialog: Over.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: I don't think you understand what's
dialog: going on down here, sir. We're
dialog: taking a lot of fire. We've had
dialog: heavy casualties. I was planning to
dialog: reinforce them right away;
dialog: something bad happened. We had a
text: man -- gut shot out on the slope --
dialog: he caused quite a bit of upset.
dialog: That's taken care of now. I’m
dialog: planning to reinforce now. Over
speaker_heading: COL. TALL (V.0.)
dialog: Who was that man who ran out on the
dialog: slope? Was that what he was doing?
dialog: Admiral Barr saw him through the
dialog: glasses; the Admiral couldn't tell
dialog: for sure but thought he had gone
dialog: out to help someone. Was that it?
dialog: The Admiral wants to recommend that
dialog: man for something. Over.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: There were two men who went out,
dialog: sir. One was our senior medic. He
dialog: was killed. The other -- was one of
dialog: the privates. I don't know which
dialog: one yet. I'll find out. Over.
dialog: (releasing the button)
dialog: And fuck you. And the Admiral.
speaker_heading: COL. TALL (V.0.)
dialog: Fine. Fine, fine. Now, what about
dialog: those reinforcements? Over.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: I have two squads to 1st Platoon, I
dialog: can send up... I lost Keck
dialog: Colonel. One of my best men...
dialog: Over.
speaker_heading: COL. TALL (V.0.)
dialog: What the hell do you mean, two
dialog: squads! When I say reinforcements,
dialog: I mean it. Throw every man you have
dialog: in there, and do it now. Commit the
text: reserve platoon and all. Everybody.
text: 1st Platoon too. I see them lying
dialog: on their fat asses down there doing
dialog: nothing. Move them by the flank in
dialog: to the ridge. Get a man to them
dialog: right now with orders to attack..
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 85.
dialog: 86.
scene_heading: Have the 2@@LP.lditdn( qoretssd the
dialog: center. Go straight up the hill!
dialog: Envelop them. Do I have to give you
text: a lesson in infantry tactics while
dialog: your men are getting their asses
dialog: shot off, Stein? Over.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: (swallowing his wrath)
dialog: I don't think you fully understand
dialog: what's going on down here, Colonel.
dialog: I don't think my company alone can
dialog: take that position. They're too
dialog: well dug in. They have too much
dialog: firepower. Colonel, there's a
dialog: bunker up there, we can't see it
dialog: it's chewing my men to pieces. I
dialog: formally request, sir, to be given
dialog: permission to make a patrol
dialog: reconnaissance around to the right
text: of Hill 210 through the jungle. A
text: flanking move. It might save lives.
dialog: I believe the entire position can
text: be outflanked by a maneuver there
dialog: in force.
speaker_heading: COL. TALL (V.0.)
dialog: No! I tell you, no! I want a double
dialog: envelopment! I order you, Stein, to
dialog: attack, attack now, with every man
dialog: at your disposal! Now, attack
dialog: Stein! That's a direct order! Over
text: His heart suddenly up in his throat, Stein hears himself
text: answer with a sort of numb disbelief.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: Sir, I must tell you that I refuse
dialog: to obey your order. I again request
dialog: permission to make a patrol
dialog: reconnaissance in force around to
dialog: the right. The time, sir, is
dialog: thirteen twenty-one hours twenty-
dialog: five seconds. I have two witnesses
dialog: here listening to what I've said. I
dialog: request, sir, that you inform
text: witnesses there. Over.
dialog: The fact is that by now there are many more witnesses, at
text: least half of 2nd Platoon is listening with its ears pricked.
speaker_heading: COL. TALL (V.0.)
dialog: Stein! Don't pull that guardhouse
dialog: lawyer shit with me, Stein!
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 87.
dialog: I know you Cat .a TAdddenmred' dpwyer !
dialog: Now shut up and do like I tell you.
dialog: I didn't hear what you just said! I
dialog: repeat my order! Over!
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: Colonel, I refuse to take my men up
dialog: there in a frontal attack It's
dialog: suicide! I've lived with these men
dialog: two-and-a-half years. I won't order
dialog: them all to their deaths. That's
dialog: final. Over.
text: Someone is blubbering now not far away along the crest, and
text: Stein tries to see who it is and can't. Tall is stupid,
text: ambitious, desperate to succeed before his superiors and
text: fearful the battalion will be pulled back off the line before
dialog: he can. Otherwise he could never have given such an order
text: Stein seems to read approval in his men's eyes. Tall's voice
text: is sharp as a razor.
speaker_heading: COL. TALL (V.0.)
dialog: This is a very important decision
dialog: you're making, Stein. If you feel
dialog: that strongly, maybe you have
dialog: reason. I'm coming down. I'm not
dialog: rescinding my* order to you, but if
dialog: I find there are extenuating
dialog: circumstances when I get down
dialog: there, I'll take that into account.
dialog: I want you to hold on until I get
dialog: there. If possible, get those men
dialog: on the ridge out and moving. I'll
dialog: be there in ten minutes. Out!
text: Stein listens unbelieving, mentally stunned. Moving up, he
text: arrives at the wounded man, who proves to be Pfc Bead from
text: Iowa, Fife's assistant clerk. Bead is dying.
speaker_heading: BEAD
dialog: I'm dying, Captain! I'm dying! Me!
dialog: Me! I'm dying! I'm so scared!
text: He closes his eyes for a moment and swallows. Fife comes up
text: with the telephone, wide-eyed.
speaker_heading: BEAD
dialog: I was just laying there. It hit me
text: right in the side. Like somebody
dialog: punched me. Didn't hurt much.
dialog: Doesn't hurt much now. Oh, Captain!
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: Just take it easy, son. Just take
dialog: it easy.
speaker_heading: BEAD
dialog: Where's Fife?
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: He's right here, son. Right here.
dialog: Fife!
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: I'm here.
speaker_heading: BEAD
dialog: I'm dying, Fife!
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: I know. Just take it easy. Just
dialog: take it easy, Eddie.
speaker_heading: BEAD
dialog: Will you write my folks?
dialog: (as Fife nods)
dialog: Tell them it didn't hurt me much.
dialog: Tell them the truth.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: I'll tell them.
speaker_heading: BEAD
dialog: Hold my hand, Fife. I'm scared.
text: For a moment, a second, Fife hesitates. Then, realizing with
text: horror that Bead is slipping away, he grips his hand.
text: Crawling closer, he slides his other arm under his shoulders
text: cradling him.
text: He has begun to cry, more because he suddenly realizes that
dialog: he is the only man in the whole company whom Bead can call a
dialog: friend, than because Bead is dying. Ah, what a poor friend
dialog: he's been!
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: I've got it.
speaker_heading: BEAD
text: Squeeze. Squeeze.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: I'm squeezing.
dialog: 89.
text: He leans forward and presses Bead's hand against his cheek.
text: Bead gives a little cry.
speaker_heading: BEAD
dialog: Oh, Fife! Oh, Captain!
text: His eyes do not go shut but they cease to see. After a moment
text: Fife puts him down and crawls away by himself, weeping in
text: terror, weeping in fear, weeping in sadness, hating himself.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: Lie down somewhere for a little
dialog: bit, son. I'll keep the phone for a
dialog: few minutes myself. There won't be
dialog: any calls coming in for a while.
scene_heading: EXT. CUT TOWARDS LEDGE - DAY
text: Back at the cut, Becker's men are growing nervous. Where are
text: the reinforcements? Doll glances nervously at Witt.
speaker_heading: BECKER
dialog: We're just going to get killed if
dialog: we stay here. They're not going to
dialog: just let us set. Bell, take six
dialog: men, go around to the right of the
dialog: ledge, see what's up there. we'll
dialog: stay here and cover you best we
dialog: can.
text: Bell sets off with his men. Everything works from the
text: beginning. Finding the cut totally unguarded, they are able
text: to crawl into the midst of the Japanese position and drop
text: grenades down into the rear doors of two covered, camouflaged
text: emplacements they spot down below them; two further
text: emplacements, on the uphill side, are more difficult, but
text: bypassing them and crawling up alongside they are able to
text: pitch grenades into the apertures.
text: Father up , Bell discovers the Japanese strongpoint
text: beautifully dug in and with apertures in three directions. He
text: does not see it all at first. When the lead man climbs out
text: he is RIDDLED fatally by three machine guns. Both Witt and
text: Doll are in Bell's party, but neither of them happens to be
text: the lead man. This distinction is reserved for a man named
text: Catch, Lemuel C. Catch, an old-time regular. He dies
text: immediately and without a sound. They pull his body down and
text: retreat with it, while all hell breaks loose FIRING just
text: above their heads, but not before Acting Sergeant Bell gets a
text: good look at the strongpoint so he can describe it.
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: BELL
dialog: Wait here.
text: Halting his men a few yards back from where Catch died,
text: leaving his rifle and holding a grenade in one hand, Bell
text: climbs up pokes up his head. The Japanese firing has stopped
text: now. All he can see is the unending grass, rising slowly
text: along a hillock which sticks up out of the ridge. He waits
text: wondering if he will die, then pulling the pin, heaves the
text: grenade with all his strength and ducks down. The grenade
text: falls and EXPLODES just in front of the hillock, and in the
text: cyclone of MG FIRE which follows, Bell is able to count five
text: guns in five spitting apertures which he could not see
text: before. He notes it all carefully and when the firing ceases
text: he crawls back down to his men, obscurely satisfied.
speaker_heading: BELL
text: There's five -- five guns.
text: Whatever it was that made him do it, and he still doesn't
dialog: know, it makes every man in his little group look at him
text: admiringly . Dale, Doll, Witt, especially Witt. Motioning
text: them on, he leads them back down until the company's main
text: position at the third swell comes into view. To their
dialog: surprise they have not seen or heard a single Japanese
text: anywhere near the ledge.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: Don't make sense. For them to leave
text: this place unguarded.
scene_heading: EXT. CUT TOWARDS LEDGE - DAY
text: The mortar ROUNDS continue to drop at random points along the
dialog: swell with strict regularity. It is amazing how few men they
text: actually wound or kill. Fife hears the soft "SHU-U-U" of the
text: mortar shell for perhaps half a second. There is not even
text: time to connect it with himself, before there is a huge
text: sunburst roaring of an EXPLOSION almost on top of him.
text: He has a vague impression of someone screaming but does not
text: know it is himself. Fife's body comes to rest in the lap of a
text: H.Q's man who happens to be sitting up.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: Am I hit? Am I hit?
speaker_heading: TRAIN
dialog: Y-yes, you are. In the head.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: Bad? Is it bad?
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: TRAIN
dialog: I c-can't tell. Y-you're bleeding
dialog: from your head.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: Am I?
text: Fife looks at his hands and finds them completely covered
text: with a glistening red. Gingerly he probes at his skull and
dialog: finds nothing.
speaker_heading: TRAIN
dialog: I-it's in the b-back.
dialog: (fearfully)
dialog: How do you f-feel?
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: I don't know. It don't hurt. Except
dialog: when I touch it.
speaker_heading: TRAIN
dialog: C-can you w-walk?
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: I-I don't know.
text: Then, suddenly, Fife realizes that he is free. He does not
dialog: have to stay here any more. He is released. He can simply get
text: up and walk away -- provided he is able -- with honor,
dialog: without anyone being able to say he is a coward or court-
text: martialing him.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: I think I better go back. Don't
dialog: you? Well -- Good luck, Train.
speaker_heading: TRAIN
dialog: Th-thanks.
text: Fife stands up. His knees are shaky, but the prospect of
dialog: getting out of here gives him a strength he might not
text: otherwise have. At first slowly, then more swiftly, he begins
text: to walk rearward. Just before he breasts the top of the hill,
text: he meets Colonel Tall and a party of his aides.
speaker_heading: COL. TALL
dialog: Hold on, son. Don't let it get you
dialog: down. You'll be back!
text: Beyond the hill, he passes a barefoot Melanesian in a
text: lavalava who is leading an American soldier with a bandage
text: over his eyes back to the rear.
dialog: 92.
scene_heading: EXT. THIRD FOLD - CP
text: Stein watches Bell's party through his glasses, astonished.
dialog: They did it all on their own!
speaker_heading: WELSH
text: There's less fire coming from the
dialog: hill, sir.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: I've noticed that too.
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: They've knocked out some of those
dialog: machine guns. In fact, they've
dialog: cleaned out all the Japanese below
dialog: the ledge.
scene_heading: LT. BAND
dialog: Sir? I think the medics can go out
text: pick up the wounded now.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: Send ist Platoon forward. We'll
dialog: follow them.
text: Stein is just turning to lead the CP up toward the ledge, to
text: join Becker and Bell and to consolidate their newly won
text: position, when he looks up to see Col. Tall walking leisurely
text: toward him, carrying beneath his arm the unadorned little
text: bamboo baton that is his trademark and romantic whim.
text: Bell's raid has cleaned out the Japanese below the ledge and
dialog: established a real line. It has utterly changed the
dialog: situation, and it is one of those horrible ironies which seem
dialog: to dog the steps of certain men named Stein-that just at this
dialog: moment Col. Tall should walk onto the field.
speaker_heading: COL. TALL
dialog: What are you doing lying down there
dialog: where you can't see anything?
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: Observing, sir. I just sent 1st
text: Platoon forward to the ridge.
text: Tall nods. The rest of his party, which includes a young
text: captain named GAFF, his battalion exec, has decided that it
text: might be just as well to be lying flat on the ground.
dialog: A mortar
dialog: anybody,
dialog: to where
text: haunches.
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: COL. TALL
dialog: I saw them leaving as we were
dialog: coming along. How many of them were
dialog: hit this time?
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: None, sir.
speaker_heading: COL. TALL
dialog: None? Not one?
text: round mushrooms, EXPLODING dirt without hurting
text: somewhere along the rear, and Tall, coming forward
text: Stein lies, permits himself to squat on his
speaker_heading: COL. TALL
dialog: That doesn't sound much like the
dialog: situation you described to me over
dialog: the soundpower.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: It's not, sir. The situation's
dialog: changed. In just the last five
dialog: minutes.
speaker_heading: COL. TALL
dialog: To what do you attribute the
dialog: change?
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: Sergeant Becker, sir. When I last
dialog: looked, half of his men had
dialog: disappeared. I think he sent them
text: off to try and knock out some of
dialog: the MGs. They seem to have
dialog: succeeded.
text: From somewhere far off a machine gun begins to RATTLE and a
text: long line of bullets strikes up dirt twenty-five yards beyond
text: them. Tall does not change his position or alter his voice.
speaker_heading: COL. TALL
dialog: Then you got my message to him.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: No, sir. Becker sent the men off on
text: his own. They went off on their
dialog: own.
speaker_heading: COL. TALL
dialog: I see.
dialog: 94.
text: The long line of MG BULLETS comes sweeping back from Stein's
text: left, this time only fifteen yards away. Tall does not move
text: but merely squints his blue eyes off at the grassy ridge in
dialog: silence.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: They've seen you, sir.
speaker_heading: COL. TALL
dialog: Stein, we're going over there, all
dialog: of us, and we're taking everybody
dialog: with us. Do you have any more
dialog: formal complaints or demurrers?
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: No, sir. Not now.
speaker_heading: COL. TALL
dialog: Now we'll do things my way. We'll
text: take everybody over to the ledge.
dialog: We may take that ridge before
text: nightfall.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: I think that ridge is quite a way
dialog: from being reduced, sir.
text: Tall ignores this remark and stands up to his full height.
text: The conference is over. Tall gives the ridge one contemptuous
text: amused look and starts walking out toward it, still talking
text: to Stein. Slowly, very slowly, Stein stands up to his full
text: height also, then follows Tall out into the field where ten
dialog: minutes before they would have met a certain death.
text: Around them, as if sensing something or other is in the wind,
text: the men begin to stir. Whatever else Stein can find to say
text: about him, he nevertheless has to admit that with Tall's
dialog: arrival on the battlefield a change for the better has come
dialog: over everything and everybody. Tall has brought with him some
text: quality that has not been here before, and it shows in the
text: faces of the men. Standing up in front of the prone H.Q.
text: Platoon, his little baton in his right hand, tapping it
text: lightly against his shoulder as he frowns in concentration
text: he orders them forward and shows them how he wants them to
text: advance. He does not exhort them. His attitude says quite
text: plainly that they deserve better than that. Gathering heart,
text: the men rush forward in groups.
dialog: 95.
scene_heading: EXT. CUT
text: Becker and Bell, Witt, Dale and Doll wait at the ledge. As
text: the others scramble up to join them, there are a few weak
text: cheers.
speaker_heading: COL. TALL
dialog: That strongpoint is the key to the
dialog: ridge. Se -- uh -- Sergeant Bell
dialog: here is quite right. From their
dialog: knob there our little brown
dialog: brothers can cover the whole of the
dialog: ground in front of our position for
dialog: a thousand yards. Why they've left
dialog: it unguarded I have no idea. We
dialog: must exploit it before they see
dialog: their error. I know everyone's
dialog: pretty exhausted and that we've had
dialog: our troubles getting water up here,
dialog: but if we can reduce that big
dialog: bunker, I see no reason why we
dialog: can't take the whole ridge before
dialog: nightfall. I'm asking for
dialog: volunteers to go back up there and
dialog: knock it out.
text: Stein, hearing for the first time this news about a further
text: attack, is so horrified he can hardly believe his ears.
text: Surely Tall must know how worn out they all are.
speaker_heading: BELL
dialog: Sir, I'll be glad to go back again
text: and lead the way for a party.
text: Immediately off to Bell's right another voice pipes up. Hunch-
text: shouldered, crack-faced Acting Sergeant Dale is making his
dialog: bid for future fame, future sinecures, future security from
text: army kitchens.
speaker_heading: DALE
dialog: I'll go, Colonel, sir! what about
dialog: you, Doll?
text: Doll nods his agreement, without looking at Dale, and Private
text: Witt comes forward at the same time. Both sit down, much
text: closer to Bell than to Dale, who still squats by himself.
text: Bell winks at Witt, who grins and winks back.
text: The rather elderly, Calvinistic-looking 2nd lieutenant from
text: 3rd Platoon presents himself. His name is GORE. Then Tall's
text: own exec, young Captain Gaff, puts in his two cents and
dialog: offers his services.
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: GAFF
dialog: I'd like to lead the party,
dialog: Colonel.
speaker_heading: COL. TALL
dialog: (gazing at him fondly)
dialog: All right, John. Go ahead. You'll
dialog: be in command. That's enough. Seven
dialog: is plenty. In the terrain you'll be
dialog: working, more men would only hinder
dialog: you, I think. I know more of you
dialog: would like to go. You'll have to
dialog: wait for another opportunity.
text: Stein, hearing this, peers at his commander closely and is
text: amazed to see that Tall is in deadly earnest and not joking
dialog: at all.
speaker_heading: COL. TALL
dialog: Good man, my young exec... You'll
dialog: probably find the bunker guarded by
dialog: smaller MG posts around it. I think
dialog: it is better to ignore these and go
dialog: for the strongpoint itself if you
dialog: possibly can. The little posts will
dialog: fall if the big one is taken.
dialog: That's all, gentlemen. Noncoms
dialog: return to your positions. I want
dialog: the officers to remain. Synchronize
dialog: watches with me, John.
text: A mortar round EXPLODES nearby. At first it appears no one is
text: hurt, but then Storm is seen shaking his hand as though he'd
text: touched a hot stove. A single fragment, not much bigger than
text: a pinhead, has entered the back of his hand. Storm grins.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: I been wounded! I been wounded!
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: (with a sneer)
dialog: Okay. You'll get a Purple Heart.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: You fucking A! And don't you forget
dialog: to put me in. S’like a wasp sting.
dialog: Captain, when can I go to the rear?
dialog: I mean, you know, I been wounded.
text: He raises his hand. When he flexes it, it makes a GRATING
text: sound. Nobody says anything. Storm continues to look
dialog: delighted.
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: You want to go right now?
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: Sure.
text: He looks at his hand again, to see whether it has changed.
text: There is no blood coming from the little blue-rimmed hole and
text: really it doesn't hurt very much, but every time he flexes it
text: they can all hear it grate. Stein nods. Storm may leave.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: Might be a delicate operation to
dialog: get that fucking thing out of
dialog: there.
scene_heading: EXT. LEDGE - DAY
text: Meanwhile, Capt. Gaff's little assault party crawls off to
text: the right along the ledge and disappears around the corner of
text: the hillside. Bell, at the head of the seven men, keeps
text: thinking that he had only volunteered to lead a party back.
text: Irritably, he glances back to motion the others to come on.
text: When he reaches the point where he crawled out above the
text: ledge he stops. Sending Witt ahead, he points the place out
dialog: to Gaff.
text: Witt crawls out to take the point. Standing on his knees out
text: away from the ledge, he holds his rifle ready with the safety
dialog: off. He hasn't shot squirrel all his life for nothing; he
dialog: hasn't made High Expert on the range for the past six years
dialog: for nothing, either.
speaker_heading: GAFF
dialog: Any of you guys know how to operate
dialog: this thing?
dialog: (the walkie-talkie; Bell
dialog: nods)
dialog: Okay, you stay below the ledge,
dialog: I'll call down the data to you from
text: up above. Once the 81s have
dialog: plastered that rock as much as they
dialog: can, we'll crawl out along that low
dialog: place until we make a line, then
dialog: crawl up as close as we can through
dialog: the grass, then throw our grenades.
dialog: Okay? Okay.
text: Gaff crawls out into the low place before the first shells
text: arrive. They can hear their soft SHU-SHU-SHU coming almost
text: straight down before they hit, then the hillside EXPLODES
text: into smoke and flame and noise.
dialog: 98.
text: Only fifty yards from the bunker, they are showered with a
text: rain of dirt, chips of rock and small pieces of hot metal.
text: They cling to the ledge with their faces pressed against the
text: sharp rock, cursing with hatred the goddamned fucking
text: mortarmen because they might drop a short round, though they
text: don't. Gaff yells down changes of range and Bell relays them
text: by walkie-talkie.
speaker_heading: GAFF
dialog: Okay! Tell them to stop! I think
dialog: that's enough. Whatever damage they
dialog: can do, they've done it by now.
text: Suddenly the mortars stop falling, in a silence that is
text: almost as devastating as the noise has been.
speaker_heading: GAFF
dialog: Okay, let's go!
dialog: If they are under any hopeful illusion that the mortar
text: barrage has smashed and flattened every Japanese in the
text: strongpoint, they are straightened out on this point right
text: away. As the elderly, morose 2nd lieutenant Gore climbs out
text: first, he foolishly stands straight up, exposing himself to
text: the waist, whereupon a Japanese machine gunner immediately
text: SHOOTS him three times trough the chest. Gingerly, they pull
text: him back down behind the ledge.
speaker_heading: DALE
dialog: Whadda we do now? We can't take him
dialog: with us.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: We'll have to leave him.
speaker_heading: THORNE
dialog: You can't leave him here.
speaker_heading: DALE
dialog: Okay. He's from your platoon. You
dialog: stay with him.
speaker_heading: THORNE
dialog: I didn't volunteer for this thing
dialog: just to sit with him.
scene_heading: LT. GORE
dialog: (in a faint voice)
dialog: I should have been a chaplain. I
dialog: could have, you know. I'm an
dialog: ordained minister. I never should
dialog: have fooled around with the
dialog: Infantry. My wife told me.
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: BELL
dialog: We can leave him and pick him up on
dialog: the way back. If he's still alive.
scene_heading: LT. GORE
dialog: You boys want to pray with me?
speaker_heading: DALE
dialog: We can't, sir. We got to get going.
dialog: The Captain's waitin’ on us.
scene_heading: LT. GORE
dialog: (without opening his eyes)
dialog: All right. I'll do it myself. You
dialog: boys go ahead.
text: Witt does what he can to make Gore comfortable. As they climb
text: out one by one on their faces and bellies so as not to make
text: the same mistake Gore made, the faint voice drones on. Dale
text: goes first, then Doll, with Witt immediately behind him.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: I wish he had of been a chaplain.
dialog: They've seen us now. They know
dialog: we're here.
text: Bell is the last to go, but he stops at the ledge, feeling he
dialog: ought to say something, some word of encouragement.
speaker_heading: BELL
dialog: Well, good luck, sir.
scene_heading: LT. GORE
dialog: Thanks, son. Which one are you? I
dialog: don't want to open my eyes if I can
dialog: help it.
speaker_heading: BELL
dialog: I'm Bell, sir.
scene_heading: LT. GORE
dialog: Oh, yes. Well, if you get the
dialog: chance, maybe you can say some
dialog: little prayer for me. I don't want
dialog: to embarrass you. It certainly
dialog: can't do no harm, can it?
speaker_heading: BELL
dialog: Okay, sir. Goodbye.
text: As he climbs out, pressing his face and chest as hard into
text: the dirt as he can, the faint voice goes droning feebly on.
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: GAFF
dialog: Is he dead?
speaker_heading: DALE
dialog: Not yet.
speaker_heading: GAFF
dialog: Okay, we'll crawl up through the
dialog: grass towards the bunker. Don't
dialog: fire or throw your grenades until I
dialog: give the signal. I want to get as
dialog: close to the bunker as we can
dialog: without them seeing us.
text: They are now strung out single file one behind the other.
dialog: Bell sees there is another way they could approach the
text: bunker, one that leads up above and behind the bunker.
speaker_heading: BELL
dialog: Sir, see up there? After that
dialog: little open space we'd be behind
dialog: that little rise, and then I think
dialog: we could maybe crawl all the way
text: around behind them.
speaker_heading: GAFF
dialog: Yes, right, good. But I don't think
dialog: there's that much time. What do you
dialog: say, Dale?
dialog: (Dale nods)
dialog: That would take at least another
dialog: hour of crawling. It's too near
dialog: dark. What do you think?
speaker_heading: DALE
dialog: I agree with you, sir.
dialog: No fuckin’ officer is goin’ to get Charlie Dale to take no
dialog: responsibility for what the officer done.
speaker_heading: GAFF
dialog: Okay. Let's do it.
text: Slowly Gaff snakes his belly over the lip of the trough and
text: off into the grass, dragging his rifle by the muzzle rather
text: than cradling it, so as not to disturb the grass more than
text: absolutely necessary. One by one, the others follow. None of
text: them knows what sets the Japanese off. One moment they are
text: crawling along in utter silence, each man totally alone and
text: separate and out of contact with the others, and in the next
text: machine gun FIRE is whipping and slashing over and around and
text: all about them. Whatever it was, they now lie separated from
text: each other, unable to take concerted action.
dialog: 101.
text: Each man puts his head down and huddles to the ground,
text: praying that he might keep on living. Contact is lost and
dialog: with it all command and control.
speaker_heading: DALE
dialog: We're pinned down!
text: It is in this static situation of potential total loss that
text: Pfc Don Doll comes forward as a hero. Sweating, lying pressed
text: flat in an ecstasy of panic, terror, fear and cowardice, he
text: simply cannot stand it any longer. Wailing over and over ina
text: high falsetto one word -- "Mother! Mother!" -- which
text: fortunately nobody can hear, least of all himself, he leaps
text: to his feet and begins to run straight at the Japanese
text: emplacement, FIRING his rifle from his hip at the one
text: embrasure he can see. As if startled beyond reasonable
text: expectation, most of the Japanese fire stops suddenly. At the
text: same moment, Capt. Gaff, released from his own temporary
text: panic, leaps up waving his arm and shouts for the rest to
text: fall back. With Gaff in the lead the rest of the assault
text: force runs for the trough and their lives. Meanwhile Doll
text: charges on, wailing his incantation: "Mother! Mother!"
text: When his rifle is empty, he throws it at the embrasure, draws
text: his pistol and begins FIRING it. With his left hand he tears
text: a grenade from his belt, stops firing the pistol long enough
text: to pull the pin with one finger, and lobs the grenade over
text: into the camouflaged roof of the emplacement, which he can
text: now see clearly since it is only about twenty yards away, and
text: where the grenade EXPLODES uselessly and without effect.
text: Then, continuing to FIRE the pistol, he charges on. Only when
text: the pistol ceases to fire for want of ammunition does he come
text: to his senses and realize where he is.
text: Astonished, he turns and runs. Luckily for Doll, he does not
text: turn back toward the others but simply runs blindly off to
text: the right. In this direction the curving ledge is only ten
text: yards away, and he reaches it before the mass of the.
text: Japanese FIRE can find him.
text: From behind him as he runs the ten yards a dark, round,
text: FIZZLING object arches over his head and falls a few feet in
text: front of him. Automatically Doll kicks at it with his foot as
text: if place-kicking a football, and runs on. It bounces away a
text: few yards and EXPLODES in a cloud of black smoke which knocks
text: him down. But when he falls he finds that there is nothing-
text: under him; he has fallen over the ledge. His foot stinging
text: painfully, he bounces to the foot of the ledge, landing with
text: a bone-jarring THUD, then rolls another ten yards before he
dialog: can get himself stopped.
dialog: 102.
scene_heading: EXT. LEDGE - DAY
text: For a while Doll just lies in the grass, breathing in groans
text: bruised, sore, the wind knocked out of him, half-blinded. At
text: the moment all he can think about is that he wants to be with
dialog: people, so he can put his arms around somebody and they can
text: put their arms around him. With this in mind, he gets up and,
text: grasping the ledge, runs gas pin back along it till he comes
text: to the trough, where he almost runs head-on into the others,
text: all sitting against the rock and gasping breathlessly. Only
text: one of them, Thorne, has been hurt, and he has had his
text: shoulder smashed by an MG bullet. Capt. Gaff speaks before
text: Doll can apologize, make excuses or explain away what he has
text: done. Doll can hardly believe his ears.
speaker_heading: GAFF
dialog: Doll, I'm personally recommending
dialog: you to Colonel Tall for the
dialog: Distinguished Service Cross. You
dialog: saved all our lives. I never saw
dialog: such bravery. I'm going to write
dialog: the recommendation myself, and I'm
dialog: going to pursue it. I promise you.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: Well, sir, it wasn't nothin’. I was
dialog: scared.
text: He can see Charlie Dale looking at him with a kind of hate-
text: filled envy from where he leans gasping against the ledge.
speaker_heading: GAFF
dialog: To remember the ledge was off there
dialog: to the right, that was wonderful.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: Well, sir, you know, I was with the
dialog: first patrol.
text: He smiles insolently at Dale. Gaff is still breathing
dialog: heavily.
speaker_heading: GAFF
dialog: So were some of these others. Are
dialog: you okay? You're not hurt?
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: (fingering his boot)
dialog: Well, sir, I don't know.
speaker_heading: GAFF
dialog: What's that from?
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: A Jap hand grenade. I kicked it
dialog: away. I better look.
text: He unlaces the boot. Inside he finds the little piece of
text: metal which has slipped to the bottom like a pebble, but in
text: actual truth, he has not even felt it. He lies, laughing.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: Hunh! Felt like a rock in my shoe.
speaker_heading: GAFF
dialog: By God! It's only a scratch, but by
dialog: God I'm recommending you for the
dialog: Purple Heart, too. You might as
dialog: well have it. You're all right --
dialog: except for that?
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: I lost my rifle.
speaker_heading: GAFF
dialog: Take Lieutenant Gore's. We better
dialog: be getting back. And tell them we
dialog: couldn't take the objective. Cana
dialog: couple of you drag Lieutenant Gore?
dialog: (to Thorne)
dialog: You all right? Think you can make
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: THORNE
dialog: I'm all right. But I want to thank
dialog: you!
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: Don't thank me.
speaker_heading: THORNE
dialog: I'm out of it now. I'll be going
dialog: back. I hope I'm crippled a little.
speaker_heading: GAFF
dialog: Come on, you guys. Let's move. You
dialog: can talk it over later. Dale, you
dialog: and Witt drag Lieutenant Gore.
dialog: Bell, you help the Thorne. I'll
dialog: take the walkie-talkie. Doll, you
dialog: rear-guard us. Them little brown
dialog: brothers, as the Colonel likes to
dialog: say, are liable to send some people
dialog: down here after us, you know.
dialog: 104.
scene_heading: EXT. PATH DOWN LEDGE - DAY
text: The little party makes its way back. The Japanese send no one
text: after them. Gaff stops at the point where Bell found the
text: little path that might lead up above the Japanese position.
speaker_heading: GAFF
dialog: I think we can take it! If we get
dialog: another chance at it tomorrow, I
dialog: think we can take it. I, for one,
dialog: am going to volunteer for the
dialog: assignment. If we crawl on across
dialog: that open space and get behind the
dialog: rise, up that path Bell found --
dialog: see there? -- we can come around
dialog: behind them -- come down on them
dialog: from above. Sergeant Bell was
dialog: right. From up there we can put the
dialog: grenades to them -- easier than
dialog: hell.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: I'll go with you, Captain.
text: Doll says he will too, and so does Dale. Strangely enough,
dialog: there is not one of them but who wants to go back with him --
text: excepting, of course, Thorne who cannot go.
scene_heading: EXT. CUT - BATTALION POSITION - DAY
text: The soldiers at C-for-Charlie's forward position watch and
text: wait anxiously to see who will return with the assault party,
text: if anyone returns at all. Queen chews his fingernails; the
text: tension is unbearable. Suddenly, they hear the electrifying
text: word: "Witt!" Other names follow: "Doll... Dale... Bell."
text: Stein watches the weary men crawl, licking their wounds, back
text: into the midst of the company. It is getting close to dark.
text: They find that, in their absence, most of Charlie has, on
text: Colonel Tall's orders, already dug in. The company looks at
text: them with reverence, though it has heard and correctly
text: interpreted their little assault as a failure. As Witt passes
text: by, Welsh smiles at him sardonically.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: You know what I'm afraid of, Firs’
dialog: Sarn’? That someday I'll end up
dialog: like you. I hope I die before it
dialog: happens.
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: I feel sorry for you, kid. A
dialog: little.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: How's that?
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: The Army's going to kill you.
dialog: (taking Witt's measure)
dialog: Take care of yourself. Forget the
dialog: others. There's nothing you can do
dialog: for them. You're running into a
dialog: burning house, where nobody can be
dialog: saved. Why save people that aren't
dialog: worth saving anyway?
dialog: (when Witt does not reply)
dialog: There's no other world. Just this
dialog: one. Your sacrifice won't mean
dialog: anything. Nobody's does.
dialog: (pointing up the hill)
dialog: Who decides, when you walk out on
dialog: that slope, who gets hit, who
dialog: doesn't? What difference can a
dialog: single man make in all this --
dialog: madness -- this evil?
text: Witt does not answer but looks at him, turns and goes away.
text: Lt. Band queries Dale about his experiences. Apart froma
text: natural curiosity, he feels Dale has been a loner in the
dialog: outfit and could benefit from some expression of friendly
text: interest from an officer.
scene_heading: LT. BAND
dialog: Well, Dale, what was it like up
dialog: there?
dialog: (as bale shrugs)
dialog: Didn't you feel anything up there?
speaker_heading: DALE
dialog: Feel? Yeah, I guess I felt scared.
dialog: Once we was there, anyway.
scene_heading: LT. BAND
dialog: Well, you hardly look it, Sergeant.
speaker_heading: DALE
dialog: You don't really know me yet,
dialog: Lootenant.
dialog: 106.
scene_heading: LT. BAND
dialog: But when those men were hit! One
dialog: died! You knew them!
speaker_heading: DALE
dialog: Lootenant, I think we done pretty
dialog: good. Got off pretty lucky. As for
dialog: feeling, the Service don't pay me
dialog: no extra "Feeling Pay" for feeling.
dialog: Like they pay flyers "Flight Pay"
dialog: for flyin’. I figure I ain't
dialog: required to feel. I don't plan to
dialog: feel any more than's absolutely
dialog: necessary. The minimum feeling.
scene_heading: EXT. BATTALION AID STATION - DAY
text: Fife walks up to the battalion aid station, his heart dancing
text: with the wild, joyful knowledge that he is wounded and can
text: leave. Then, seeing the more seriously wounded, he suddenly
text: begins to weep, he cannot stop himself.
text: He sits with a line of grimy, bleeding, groaning men on a
text: hillside, mopping the blood from his forehead. There seem to
text: be hundreds of people running everywhere, all shouting at one
text: another. An orderly attaches a colored tag to Fife's jacket
text: A DOCTOR leans over and looks into Fife's eyes and then snaps
text: his fingers in front of them.
speaker_heading: FIRST DOCTOR
dialog: Can't tell. Don't walk. Wait for
dialog: the stretcher-bearers to take you.
dialog: Hear me? Don't walk. Answer me. I
dialog: said don't walk.
text: Fife is carted away by four beat-looking STRETCHER-BEARERS.
speaker_heading: FI FE
dialog: Listen, fellows, I can make it all
dialog: right. You guys should be carrying
dialog: somebody hit worse than me.
scene_heading: STRETCHER-BEARER
dialog: You just take it easy, mack. You
dialog: been doin' the fightin'. Let us
dialog: worry about the carryin'.
text: Good boys, good boys. He relaxes cozily. He will never have
dialog: to go back there, and it hasn't really been bad at all. For a
text: second, he catches Sico’s eye, but with a fine discretion, he
text: looks away.
dialog: 107.
scene_heading: INT. OPERATING TENT - DAY
text: But in the operating tent, Fife finds out it isn't going to
text: be at all as easy as he thought. He is put on a vacant table,
text: in front of old DOC HAINES, the Head Regimental Surgeon.
text: Grizzled, Doc Haines works with an unlit stub of a cigar in
text: his mouth, grunting to himself from time to time.
speaker_heading: DOC HAINES
dialog: Wait. Don't tell me. It's -- Fife,
dialog: isn't it? C-for-Charlie Company.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: Yes, sir, Doc.
speaker_heading: Doc HAINES
dialog: I remember you from when you went
dialog: up to Post Hospital for that
dialog: appendectomy. How did that ever
dialog: turn out? Everything all right now?
dialog: What have we here now? Head wound,
dialog: hunh? Can you sit up?
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: Sure! Sure!
speaker_heading: Doc HAINES
dialog: Easy. Take it easy. You've lost a
dialog: little blood there. Let's have a
dialog: look-see. This’ll hurt a little bit
dialog: now... You're lucky. It isn't
dialog: fractured. You may have, I think
dialog: what we call a greenstick fracture,
dialog: sort of crack, not a break. In any
dialog: case, there's no foreign objects
dialog: inside. In a week or so, you'll be
text: all ready to go again.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: Then -- you don't think I'll be
dialog: evacuated. Or anything like that.
speaker_heading: Doc HAINES
dialog: I wouldn't think so.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: Then I can walk all right now.
speaker_heading: Doc HAINES
dialog: Do anything you like. Except you
dialog: should take it easy for a day or
dialog: two.
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: (bitterly)
dialog: Thanks, Doc.
speaker_heading: DOC HAINES
dialog: This battle'll be over in a day or
dialog: two, you know.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: Sure. As soon as this one’s over,
dialog: there'll be another one. Right
dialog: after.
text: From his blood-caked face he grins, feeling it draw his
text: cheeks. He knows he makes a good picture of a wounded man
dialog: anyway.
speaker_heading: DOC HAINES
dialog: I didn't make the rules, son. I
dialog: just try to live by them.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: It's not your problem. If a guy
dialog: ain't hurt bad enough to ship out,
dialog: you can't ship him out, can you? I
dialog: better go.
speaker_heading: Doc HAINES
dialog: Good luck, son.
text: Fife waves his hand without looking back.
scene_heading: EXT. OPERATING TENT - DAY
text: Outside the operating tent the CAPTAIN who is the Regimental
text: S-1 sees Fife and breaks away from a group of other staff
dialog: officers.
speaker_heading: S-1
dialog: Hey! Aren't you from Charlie
dialog: Company?
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: Yes, sir. Yes, sir! I sure am!
speaker_heading: S-1
dialog: How's it going up there?
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: Terrible!
dialog: (maliciously)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 109.
dialog: They're knédltf(garie' éhit out of
dialog: us!
speaker_heading: S-1
dialog: How's Lt. Whyte making out?
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: Dead!
text: The S-1 Captain recoils a little, as if he has been struck
text: his eyes disturbed. The others in the group of gossiping
text: officers have turned and are listening too.
speaker_heading: S-1
dialog: How about Lt. Blane?
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: Dead! Keck's dead! Grove's dead!
dialog: Tella, Bead, Catt!
speaker_heading: S-1
dialog: Well, what about Captain Stein?
dialog: We're good friends.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: He was all right when I left! He's
dialog: prob'ly dead too by now!
text: He goes off. Then suddenly, for no reason, he begins to
text: blubber again. Falling down on his knees behind a truck, he
text: beats his fists in the mud, beside himself.
text: At the ledge the high racketing which has hung in the air
text: most of the day ceased some time ago, and only sporadic RIFLE
text: FIRE can be heard now in the distance. As twilight passes
text: into night, the officers discuss the prospects of tomorrow
text: and the men clean their weapons.
text: Beneath a canopy of hard, bright stars, the men struggle to
text: get a few hours' sleep. Sgt. Welsh walks silently, quietly
text: through their midst. The Japanese dead lie in the moonlight,
text: their pockets turned inside out. They are at peace, while the
text: living burn and rage.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL TENT - NIGHT
text: Later, in a corner of the large, three-masted, circus-type
text: hospital tent, he finds Storm, sitting on a cot and staring
text: glumly at the blue-edged hole in the back of his hand.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: Storm!
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: How you doin', kid? You're the
dialog: first guy I seen from the outfit.
text: Storm is glad to see Fife, too. Right now any familiar face
text: is welcome in this buzzing, crowded, haunted place.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL TENT - NIGHT
text: Storm spits on the ground. Some time has passed.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: The adventure of war, the
dialog: brotherhood, the comradeship, you
dialog: know -- they can wipe their ass on
dialog: it. It might be all right for field
dialog: officers and up, who get to run it
dialog: and decide what to do. Everybody
dialog: else is a tool -- with their serial
dialog: number stamped on ‘em. I don't like
dialog: being no tool. Not, especially,
dialog: when it can get you killed.
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: They used to fight man to man. It
dialog: was a duel. You could be brave and
dialog: noble, all that shit. What you were
dialog: -- your personal qualities -- they
dialog: counted. Now it's just like two
dialog: machines grinding each other up. I
dialog: feel sorry about leaving the
dialog: comp’ny and coming down here. But
dialog: shit...
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: If this hand don't get me clean
dialog: away from this fucking Rock, I can
dialog: go back to being a mess sergeant. I
dialog: can cook hot food for ‘em and get
dialog: it to 'em. I won't carry it myself.
dialog: The carriers can do that. Lot of
dialog: people are going to come out of
dialog: this war alive, more than get
dialog: killed -- I want to be one of them.
dialog: (guiltily)
dialog: I hadn't told nobody else. I want
dialog: to leave a good impression on the
dialog: boys. Morale, you know.
text: Fife's sharp despair leaves him for a moment. He suddenly
text: feels toward Storm as toward a father or older brother.
dialog: 111.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: Here I am trying to use my hand to
dialog: get me out of the comp'ny. But the
dialog: fact is, everybody's on their own.
dialog: Solo.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: What do you think they're going to
dialog: say about it?
text: Storm stares at him with dark, haunted eyes.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: Since you ain't a doctor, I guess I
dialog: can tell you the truth.
dialog: (flexing his hand)
dialog: I got a hunch it ain't ever gonna
dialog: get me off this Rock.
text: Around them in the big, dim tent, orderlies stir and move
text: quietly about. Here and there, men groan from within their
text: bandages.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: I can move it. It don't really hurt
dialog: too bad. But I ain't got any
text: strength left in it.
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: You was looking pretty bad up
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: (bitterly)
dialog: Nothing! Nothing! Not a fucking
dialog: thing. Not even a fracture.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: It's just tough luck. I'll tell you
dialog: one thing, Fife. Whether I get...
dialog: (raising his hand)
dialog: off The Rock with it or not, I
dialog: don't have to go back up there to
dialog: the front with the comp'ny, and I'm
dialog: not going to. I'm a mess sergeant
dialog: I ain't even supposed to be up
dialog: there. Me and my cooks'1ll get the
dialog: kitchen as close as we can, I'll
dialog: get them guys up hot meals every
dialog: time I can. But fuck the
dialog: volunteering shit. They got them
dialog: hot meals coming to them -- if they
dialog: can get them. But that's all. No
dialog: more volunteer fightin’
speaker_heading: (MORE)
text: Fife nods.
dialog: 112.
dialog: I ain't re@7DRM cant TW hin't
dialog: supposed to, and I ain't gonna.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: I'm the Forward Echelon clerk. I
dialog: got to go.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: I'm sorry.
text: They are silent for a moment.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: I'm a coward.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: (immediately)
dialog: So am I. So is everybody who ain't
dialog: a fucking goddamn fool.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: Some of the guys ain't. Witt, Doll,
dialog: Bell. Even Charlie Dale.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: (without hesitation)
dialog: Then they're fools.
text: Nearby a sleeping man screams in his sleep, then falls silent
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: I mean really a coward.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: What did you think I meant?
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: With you it's different.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: No it ain't.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: I didn't want to be a coward. I
dialog: never thought I would be. Just
dialog: turns out I am... I been hiding it.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: Well, I didn't want to be one
dialog: either, I guess. But I am.
dialog: (flexing his hand)
dialog: Thank God I don't have to go back
dialog: up there, that's all.
dialog: 113.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: I do.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: I'm sorry. At least you'll have a
dialog: couple of days off. This shootin'1ll
dialog: be over with by then.
text: It is clear that Storm is sorry. But his tone points out
dialog: that, even while he is sorry, all that really has nothing to
text: do with him. Still, Fife feels better. Storm takes being a
text: coward so much more in his stride, and it makes Fife feel
text: less unmanly.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: All these men around here lookin’
dialog: at me like I was a hero. I haven't
dialog: even done my normal duty...
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: I don't believe there's many
dialog: heroes. Ones I seen was crazy. Or
dialog: got killed. The brave ones always
dialog: die.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: Maybe I could come to work for you
dialog: in the kitchen. I mean, since Dale
dialog: will be making line sergeant
dialog: you'll have a vacancy, won't you?
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: Yeah, I guess. Can you cook?
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: No, but I can learn.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: If you can get the Captain to move
dialog: you to the kitchen force, I'll
dialog: accept you.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: Stein'll never let me go. Anyway, I
dialog: could never ask him.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: It's the best I can do.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: Yeah. I know, I know.
dialog: 114.
text: He twists his neck from side to side and peers around the
text: high, dim, hot-aired tent. A single orderly moves down the
text: line of wounded men, sleeping now, each in a cocoon of
text: mosquito netting.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: I don't want to let them down. They
dialog: never let me down. I'd feel like I
dialog: was hiding.
text: He walks off. He might as well get it over with. If he waits
dialog: until morning, he might find reasons not to.
scene_heading: EXT. HOSPITAL TENT - NIGHT
text: At the door to the tent, an ORDERLY rises to block Fife's
text: path, but Fife pushes on past him.
speaker_heading: ORDERLY
dialog: Where are you going? You don't have
dialog: your discharge papers. Stay there.
dialog: You can't do this!
text: Storm, following Fife out, steals a couple of rifles anda
text: helmet from an unattended MP jeep.
scene_heading: EXT. CUT - DAWN
text: Whispers and cautionary stirrings move along the line. In the
text: inhuman, unreal unlight of false dawn, the dirty-faced
text: remnants of C-for-Charlie sift from their holes and gather
text: stiffly into their squads and platoons. Still looking dapper,
text: although he is now almost as dirty as themselves, Col. Tall,
text: with his little bamboo baton in his armpit and his hand
text: resting on his rakishly low-slung holster, strides among the
text: men wishing them good luck. When he arrives at Gaff's group,
text: he squats down.
speaker_heading: COL. TALL
dialog: I'm giving you another chance at
dialog: the bunker today, gentlemen. I
dialog: would have liked to make a night
dialog: attack, I think we could have
dialog: brought it off -- But the division
dialog: commander vetoed the idea. At least
dialog: I made the offer. I still believe a
dialog: small party has a better chance
dialog: than a large one, but with your two
dialog: casualties you might need another
text: couple of volunteers.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 115.
speaker_heading: (turnif@Lto Tédttf(cont 'd)
dialog: I leave you that decision.
text: Queen comes up to Tall a few minutes later.
speaker_heading: QUEEN
dialog: Colonel, I'd like to go with ‘em.
speaker_heading: COL. TALL
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: QUEEN
dialog: Because of what the Japs done to
dialog: them two guys from 2nd Battalion
dialog: three days ago. I ain't forgotten
dialog: it, either, and I want to get
dialog: myself a few of them personally
dialog: before I get knocked off or shot
dialog: up. I figure Cap'n Gaff's
dialog: operation'1ll be my best
dialog: opportunity.
text: For a moment, Tall cannot help believing he is being made the
text: victim of some kind of elaborate and tasteless hoax. 1st Sgt.
dialog: Welsh, for one, has a mind capable of such subtle ridicule.
speaker_heading: COL. TALL
dialog: Soldier, are you serious? There's a
dialog: war on here. I'm busy. I've got a
dialog: battle to fight.
speaker_heading: QUEEN
dialog: Yes. I mean: Yes, sir: I'm serious.
speaker_heading: COL. TALL
dialog: Sergeant, I'm a professional
dialog: soldier. Requests for personal
dialog: vendetta offend and bore me. If you
dialog: want to go with Captain Gaff,
dialog: you'll have to go talk to him about
dialog: it and ask him. I'm busy. You can
dialog: tell him that I don't object to
dialog: your going. Now, goddamn it, go_
dialog: away !
speaker_heading: QUEEN
dialog: Yes, sir! Thank you, sir!
text: Shortly afterwards, Gaff approaches his little assault party -
dialog: - Bell and Witt, Dale and Doll.
speaker_heading: GAFF
dialog: Sgt. Queen's coming with us.
dialog: 116.
text: The four volunteers are treated to the awesome spectacle of
text: Big Queen looming over them in the dawn, still clutching his
text: shotgun and bandolier of shells which he clung to so dearly
text: all through the terror of yesterday in his U.S.-made shell
dialog: hole.
speaker_heading: DALE
dialog: If they don't get us some water up
dialog: here soon, we ain't none of us
dialog: going to make it to the top of this
dialog: hill.
text: He says it loud enough to be heard by everybody in the
text: vicinity. He rolls over to face the looming shape of Hill 209
text: in their rear and begins to shake his fist at it.
speaker_heading: DALE
dialog: Monkeyfuckers! Dirty bastards!
dialog: Fucking pigs! You got all the
dialog: fucking water in the world, and you
dialog: drinking ever fucking drop of it
dialog: too. You ain't lettin’ any of it et
dialog: past you up to us, are you! well,
dialog: you better get some of it up here
dialog: to your goddamn fightin’ men, or
dialog: you can take your goddamn fucking
dialog: battle and shove it up your ass!
text: His protest REVERBERATES along the ledge, but nobody pays any
text: attention to it. The rest of it tapers away into a mutter, as
text: Col. Tall now saunters over to Gaff, baton in hand.
speaker_heading: COL. TALL
dialog: John, we'll be back of you. If you
dialog: can break through, we'll come
dialog: pouring after. We'll charge at your
dialog: whistle signal.
text: Then they are off and crawling along the ledge, which curves
text: away out of sight around the side of the hill, Gaff in the
dialog: lead.
speaker_heading: BELL
dialog: Better let me take the point, sir.
text: Gaff turns back to look at him, the ex-officer, then with an
text: abrupt gesture of both head and hand, admits his small error
text: and signals Bell to go on past him.
dialog: 117.
scene_heading: EXT. LEDGE WHERE TROUGH BEGINS - DAY
text: When Bell reaches the point where the trough begins and Lt.
text: Gore died, he stops and they all cluster up. Gaff does not
dialog: bother to give them any pep talk.
speaker_heading: GAFF
dialog: You all know the job we've clot to
dialog: do, fellows. There's no point in my
dialog: going over it again. I'm convinced
dialog: the toughest part will be the open
text: space between the end of the trough
text: here and the shoulder of the knob.
dialog: Once we get past that, it won't be
dialog: so bad. Remember that we may run
text: into smaller emplacements along the
dialog: way. I'd rather by-pass them if we
dialog: can, but we may have to knock them
dialog: out. Okay, that's all. When we get
dialog: up to them, we ought to have some
dialog: fun.
text: He stops and smiles at them, looking each man in the eyes in
text: turn: a happy, adventuresome smile. There are several weak
text: smiles in reply, similar to his own if not as strong. Only
text: Witt's and Queen's seem to be really deep. But they are all
text: grateful to him. Since yesterday, all of them have come to
dialog: like him very much. He treats them like equals. They would
dialog: follow him anywhere.
speaker_heading: GAFF
dialog: Once we get through this mess and
dialog: back down off the line, I promise
dialog: you the biggest drunk of your
dialog: lives. My treat! I'll be leading
dialog: from here on out. I want to pick
dialog: the route myself. If anything
dialog: should happen to me, Sergeant Bell
dialog: will be in command, so I want him
dialog: last. Sergeant Dale will be second
dialog: in command. They both know what to
dialog: do. Let's go.
scene_heading: EXT. TROUGH TO KNOB - DAY
text: Suddenly, they are out and crawling along the narrow,
text: familiar trough. Gaff in the lead, each man careful of the
text: spot where the trough opens out into the ledge and Lt. Gore
dialog: got himself killed.
dialog: 118.
text: Gaff looks off toward the strongpoint, but without raising
text: his head high enough to see anything above the grass. Are
text: they waiting? Are they watching? Are they looking at this
dialog: particularly open spot? He cannot know.
text: With a sudden gasp, he bounces up and takes off with his
text: rifle at high port, running agonizingly slowly and pulling
text: his knees up high to clear the matted kunai grass like a
text: football player running through stacks of old tires. Not a
text: shot is fired. He dives in behind the shoulder of the knob
text: and lies there. After waiting a full minute, he motions the
text: next man, Queen, to come on. Queen takes off running in the
text: same way, the shotgun in his hands, his helmet straps
text: flagging. Just before he reaches the shoulder, a single
text: machine gun OPENS UP, but he dives to safety. The machine gun
speaker_heading: STOPS.
text: The third man, Doll, falls. He is only about five yards out
text: when several MGs OPEN UP. They are watching this time. It is
text: only twenty yards across, the open space, but it seems much
text: longer. He is already breathing in ripping gasps. Then his
text: foot catches in a hole in the mat of old grass and he is
text: down. Oh, no! his mind screams at him in panic. Not me! Not
dialog: after all the rest that's happened to me! Blindly, spitting
text: grass seeds and dust, he clambers up and staggers on. He has
text: ten yards more to go, and he makes it.
text: But now all the MGs from the strongpoint are FIRING, hosing
text: down the trough itself, as well as the open space. BULLETS
text: tear over the heads of Dale, Witt and Bell in bunches which
text: RATTLE and bruise the thin bushes. It is now Dale's turn to
text: go, and he is furious.
speaker_heading: BELL
dialog: Hey, wait! Wait! Don't go yet! I
dialog: got an idea!
text: Dale gives him one hate-filled contemptuous look and gets to
text: his feet. He departs without a word, chugging along solidly
text: like a little engine. He arrives behind the shoulder and sits
text: down, apparently totally unmoved, but still bristling with
text: anger. Nothing has touched him.
speaker_heading: GAFF
dialog: You must be out of your mind!
text: Maliciously, Dale settles in to see what Bell and Witt will
dialog: do now. Heh heh. Not that he wants them to get hurt or
dialog: anything.
text: Bell demonstrates his idea immediately. When he and Witt have
text: crawled to the end of the trough, the MGs still FIRING just
text: over their heads, Bell pulls the pin on a grenade and lobs it
text: at the strongpoint. But he does not throw it straight across;
dialog: 119.
text: he throws it into the angle formed by the ledge and the
text: trough, so that it lands in front of the bunker but away
text: toward the ledge. when the MGs all swing that way, as they do
text: immediately, he and Witt cross in safety before they can
dialog: swing back.
text: Clearly, the three of them could have done it just as easily,
text: and when he throws himself down grinning in the safety behind
text: the shoulder, Bell winks at Charlie Dale again. Dale glowers
dialog: back.
scene_heading: EXT. KNOB AND SADDLE - DAY
dialog: Gaff said the rest of the route would be easier once they
text: were past the open space, and he is right. The terrain mounts
text: steeply around the knob which juts out of the ridge and up
text: here the mat of grass is not quite so thick, but now they are
text: forced to crawl. It is next to impossible to see the
text: camouflaged emplacements until they open up, and they cannot
dialog: take any chances. They all know from yesterday that beyond
text: the knob is a shallow saddle between the knob and the rock
text: wall where the ledge ends, and it is along this saddle which
text: they are to crawl to come down on the Japanese from above.
text: When they reach the beginning of the saddle, sweating and
text: half-dead from lack of water, Gaff motions them to stop. He
text: has to swallow his dry spittle several times before he can
text: speak. Remembering that the other platoons will charge at the
text: sound of his whistle, he unhooks it from his pocket.
speaker_heading: GAFF
dialog: I want to get as close to them as
dialog: we can before we put the grenades
dialog: to them. Well, fellows, this is
dialog: where we separate the sheep from
dialog: the goats. Let's crawl.
text: He clamps his whistle in his teeth and, cradling his rifle
text: while holding a grenade in one hand, he commences to do so.
scene_heading: EXT. JAPANESE STRONGPOINT (THE ATTACK) - DAY
text: Slowly, as they crawl, the entire strongpoint becomes visible
text: -- its nearer, right end only twenty-five yards away, and
text: only a very few yards below their own height. And it is just
text: as they can finally see it, that they are discovered by the
dialog: Japanese.
text: Five scrawny, bedraggled Japanese men pop up out of the
text: ground holding dark round objects which they lob up the hill
text: at them. Fortunately, only one of the five grenades EXPLODES.
dialog: 120.
text: It lights near Dale, who rolls over twice away from it and
text: then lies huddled as close to the ground as he can get, his
text: face turned away. None of its fragments hit him, but it makes
text: his ears ring.
speaker_heading: GAFF
dialog: Pull and throw! Pull and throw!
text: Almost as one man, their six grenades arch at the
text: strongpoint. The five Japanese men who popped up out of the
text: ground have by now popped back down into it. But, as the
text: grenades light, two other, unlucky Japanese pop up to throw.
text: One grenade lights between the feet of one of these and
text: EXPLODES up into him, blowing off one of his feet and putting
text: him down. Fragments put the other one down. All of the
text: American grenades EXPLODE.
text: The Japanese with his foot off lies still a moment, then
text: struggles up to sit, holding another grenade as the blood
text: pours from his severed leg. Doll SHOOTS him. He falls back
text: dropping the ignited grenade beside him. It does not go off.
speaker_heading: GAFF
dialog: Again! Again!
text: Again six grenades arch in the air. This time there are four
text: Japanese standing when the grenades light, one of them
text: carrying a light MG. The EXPLODING grenades put three of them
text: down, including the man with the Nambu, and the fourth,
text: thinking better of it, disappears down a hole.
speaker_heading: GAFF
dialog: Go in!
text: In a moment, all of them are on their feet running. The
text: Japanese have shrewdly taken advantage of the terrain to save
text: themselves digging work. Behind the holes into the
text: emplacements themselves is a natural little low area where
text: they can come out and sit in cover when they are not actually
text: being shelled. Now in this hollow the scrawny, bedraggled
text: Japanese rise with rifles, swords and pistols from their
text: holes to meet Gaff and his crew. At least, some of them do.
text: Others stay in the holes. Three try to run. Dale SHOOTS one
text: and Bell SHOOTS another. The third disappears in a grand
text: broad jump over the edge of the rock face where it falls
text: clear, sixty or eighty feet to the jungle treetops below. The
text: others come on. And Gaff and his troops, the Captain blowing
text: his whistle, run to meet them, in clear view of the rest of C-
text: for-Charlie down at the ledge below.
text: Queen kills five men almost at once. His SHOTGUN blows the
text: first nearly in two and tears enormous chunks out of the
dialog: second and third.
dialog: 121.
text: While he struggles to unsling the rifle from his back, he is
text: attacked by a screaming officer with a sword. Gaff SHOOTS the
text: officer in the belly from the hip. Bell has killed two men
text: and Dale two. Doll, who has drawn his pistol, is charged by
text: another screaming officer who shouts “Banzai!” over and over
text: and who runs at him whirling his bright, gleaming sword
text: around his head in the air. Doll SHOOTS him through the chest
text: so that, in a strange, laughable way, his legs keep right on
text: running while the rest of him falls down behind them.
text: Witt peers into a cave. A bat flies out, startling him. A
text: soldier approaches with a flamethrower at the ready.
text: Witt has SHOT three men, one of them a huge, fat sergeant
text: wielding a black cavalry saber. Taking the overhead saber cut
text: on the stock of his rifle, cutting it almost to the barrel,
text: Witt butt-strokes him in the jaw. Now he SHOOTS him where he
text: lies. Suddenly there is an enormous quiet, except for the
text: wailing chatter of three Japanese standing in a row who have
dialog: dropped their weapons.
text: Slowly, they look around at each other and discover the
text: miraculous fact that none of them is killed, or even
text: seriously damaged. Gaff has a knot on his jaw from firing
text: without checking his stock. Bell's helmet has been shot from
text: his head. Numbly, they stare at each other.
text: Queen now advances, snarling, on the three standing Japanese.
text: Taking two by their scrawny necks, he shakes them back and
text: forth, gaggling helplessly until their helmets fall off.
text: Then, grinning savagely, he begins beating their heads
dialog: together.
speaker_heading: QUEEN
dialog: Fucking murderers! Fucking yellow
dialog: Jap bastards. Killing helpless
dialog: prisoners! Fucking murderers.
text: The others stand breathing hard and watching. When he drops
text: them, they fall unconscious, blood running from their noses.
speaker_heading: QUEEN
dialog: That’11 teach them to kill
dialog: prisoners.
text: He turns to the third, who simply looks at him
text: uncomprehendingly. But Gaff jumps in between them.
speaker_heading: GAFF
dialog: We need him.
text: Queen walks away without a word. It is then they hear the
text: first SHOUTS from the other side, and remember they are not
dialog: the only living.
dialog: 122.
text: Going to the grassy bank, they see the same field they
text: themselves tried to cross last evening. Coming across it at a
text: run, the rest of C-for-Charlie is charging uphill toward the
text: strongpoint, according to Colonel Tall's plan, coming
text: straight at them, yelling.
text: Whatever their reason, they are little late. The fight is
text: already over. Or so everyone thinks. Waving and cheering
text: ironically and hooting derision at the heroes, their
text: pretended rescuers, Gaff’s men are interrupted by the sound
text: of a MACHINE GUN. Directly below them, in one of the
text: apertures, a single MG opens up and begins to FIRE at 2nd
text: Platoon. As Gaff’s men watch incredulously, two men go down.
text: Dale, who is standing nearest to the door of the embrasure
text: which is FIRING, leaps over with a shocked look on his face
text: and throws a grenade down the hole. The grenade immediately
text: comes flying right back out. Everyone hits the dirt.
text: Fortunately, the grenade has been thrown too hard and it
text: EXPLODES just as it falls over the lip of the rock face. The
text: MG below continues to FIRE.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: (to Dale)
dialog: Look out, you jerk!
text: Scrambling to his feet, Witt pulls the pin on a grenade and,
text: holding it with the lever depressed, grabs his rifle and runs
text: over to the hole. Leaning around the right side of it
text: holding his rifle like a pistol in his left hand with the
text: stock pressed against his leg, he begins to FIRE the
text: semiautomatic Garand into the hole. There is a YELL from
text: below. Still FIRING, Witt pops the grenade down the hole and
text: ducks back. He continues to FIRE to confuse the occupants.
text: Then the grenade blows up with a ROAR, cutting off both the
text: scrabble of yells and the MG, which has never stopping
dialog: firing.
text: Immediately, others of the little force, without any
text: necessity of orders from Gaff, begin bombing out the other
text: four holes using Witt’s technique: one man FIRING while
text: another tosses the grenades. They BOMB them all, whether
text: there is anybody in them or not. There is a joyous feeling in
text: the safety of killing. Slapping each other on the back and
text: grinning at each other murderously, they call to the C-for-
text: Charlie men below to come on.
text: Colonel Tall appears at the top of the embankment, followed
text: by Captain Stein. Two of the platoons continue pushing uphill
text: to protect the new position. Tall shakes Gaff's hand.
speaker_heading: COL. TALL
dialog: Look at them move! We owe it all to
dialog: you, John. When they saw you make
dialog: that attack of yours, and win!
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 123.
dialog: It was lik€Olou TAldutcametic¢) hearts
text: back into them.
text: The Japanese, two dozen of them, lie scattered around in
text: various positions and postures. Some are still in the process
text: of dying, and a few, though badly hurt, look as if they might
dialog: live.
speaker_heading: DOLL
text: It was Big Un and his shotgun. He
text: set ‘em back on their heels.
text: Queen prowls back and forth and around the single remaining
text: prisoner, like a loose wolf trying to get at a caged victim
text: He appears to be waiting hopefully for the Japanese to make
text: any move for which he can legitimately kill him. The prisoner
text: himself looks as though he would not be capable of escaping
text: anywhere, even if there were no one around to watch him.
text: Filthy and emaciated, he has a bad case of dysentery and is
text: continually indicating to his guards, through a system of
text: signs and pantomime, that he has to relieve himself. He has
text: already messed his pants a couple of times apparently, and
dialog: all in all, he is a pretty sorry spectacle.
speaker_heading: COL. TALL
dialog: What happened here?
text: Tall has turned away in disgust from the living prisoner to
text: look at the two whose heads Queen knocked together. They lie
text: side by side, unconscious. Except for the blood running from
text: their noses, they show no signs of injury or wounds. Gaff
text: merely raises his eyebrows, as though he didn’t know either.
dialog: But Tall can read well enough what has happened, even if he
dialog: cannot understand the method. They should have been
text: bayoneted, or shot. He doesn’t like this sort of thing, but
dialog: one has to make allowances for men in the heat of combat.
speaker_heading: COL. TALL
dialog: Some sort of explosive concussion?
dialog: No fragment wounds.
dialog: (Gaff does not answer)
dialog: Well, a dead brown brother is one
dialog: brown brother less, isn't it? Take
dialog: good care of the others, men! G-2
dialog: will want them. There should be
text: someone around before long.
speaker_heading: THORNE
dialog: Aye, aye, sir, yeah. We'll take
dialog: care of him.
dialog: 124.
text: One of the PRISONER'S GUARDS reaches out with his rifle
text: muzzle and pokes him, tipping him over backward into his own
text: mess. The men around all laugh, and the prisoner scrambles to
text: his feet. He appears to expect this kind of treatment and
text: looks as if he were only putting in time, waiting for them to
dialog: shoot him.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: Say there!
speaker_heading: COL. TALL
dialog: Don't do that, soldier!
speaker_heading: THORNE
dialog: Okay, sir, if you say so, sir. But
dialog: he would of killed me in a minute
dialog: if he'd had the chance.
speaker_heading: COL. TALL
dialog: I think we've wasted about enough
dialog: time here.
speaker_heading: GAFF
dialog: Sir? Sir, I've got a few
dialog: recommendations for decorations I'd
dialog: like to turn in to you.
speaker_heading: COL. TALL
dialog: Yes, yes, of course. We'll get
dialog: everything for all of them that we
dialog: can. But later. In the meantime, I
dialog: want you to know I'm personally
dialog: recommending you for something,
dialog: John. Perhaps -- the Big One.
speaker_heading: GAFF
dialog: Well, thank you, sir. But I don't
dialog: feel I really deserve that
speaker_heading: COL. TALL
dialog: Oh yes you do. Getting it for you
dialog: will be another problem. But it
dialog: would be a big thing for the
dialog: battalion, and for the regiment
dialog: too, if you did get it. We better
dialog: get moving out or here. We need to
dialog: extend our lines to hook up with
dialog: the other companies and push on
dialog: toward the top. Would you like to
dialog: take command of Baker Company, on
dialog: the left?
dialog: 125.
text: Gaff steals a glance at Stein, then nods uneasily. He will
dialog: not be a party to a snub.
speaker_heading: GAFF
dialog: Sir, I don’t like to be a wet
dialog: blanket or anything like that, but
dialog: what about water? If we don’t --
speaker_heading: COL. TALL
dialog: Don't worry about water! John, I
dialog: don't want anything to break up
dialog: this attack of ours, now that we've
dialog: got the momentum. As for water
dialog: I've already taken care of that.
dialog: We'll have some water by -- ina
dialog: couple of hours. I've arranged for
dialog: that. We can’t stop now to wait for
dialog: it.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: GAFF
dialog: No, sir.
speaker_heading: COL. TALL
text: If some of the men pass out
dialog: they'll just have to pass out.
dialog: (as Gaff nods)
dialog: If any of them ask you about water
dialog: tell them what I said. Don't bring
dialog: it up yourself. Don't mention it
dialog: unless they ask you.
speaker_heading: GAFF
dialog: No, sir. But they could die from
dialog: it, you know. Heat prostration.
speaker_heading: COL. TALL
dialog: They could die from enemy fire,
dialog: too. They’re all tough boys. Okay?
text: He turns away to wave his baton at some of the men who are
text: still staring curiously at the various dead Japanese.
speaker_heading: COL. TALL
dialog: You'll see plenty more of those.
dialog: Come on, let's get cracking. Are we
dialog: going up this hill or aren't we!
text: On a sudden impulse, Tall returns to Gaff and, taking his
text: arm, leads him gently away from the others.
speaker_heading: COL. TALL
dialog: John, I'm convinced the Japanese
text: position can be broken now.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 126.
dialog: All we hav€Oto da\lils( ¢@eb'Gbing and
dialog: we'll have this hill by sundown.
dialog: You see the new spirit in these
dialog: men! I want to take advantage of it
dialog: before something happens to sap
dialog: their strength.
dialog: (avoiding Gaff’s eyes)
dialog: To have this battalion relieved in
dialog: defeat, even to have it reinforced
dialog: by troops from the reserve regiment
dialog: if we stall before reaching the
dialog: top, is -- more than I can stand.
dialog: Someday you'll know what I mean,
dialog: John.
dialog: He's studied, and worked, and slaved, and eaten untold
dialog: buckets of shit, to have this opportunity. He doesn’t intend
text: to lose it now. He leaves Gaff and, without looking back at
text: him, calls out suddenly to the assembling men.
speaker_heading: COL. TALL
dialog: I want three runners! Okay. You
dialog: three. Go back to the rear, as far
dialog: as you have to go, to find water
dialog: and bring it back with you. Take
dialog: whatever you find, at gunpoint if
dialog: necessary. Don't even report to the
dialog: regimental commander. Get back here
dialog: as fast as you can with it. If they
dialog: stop you, tell them the strongpoint
dialog: is taken, we're moving uphill. If
dialog: anyone tries to take any water from
dialog: you, you're to fight for it, with
dialog: your firearms.
dialog: (to Stein)
dialog: You take the center, Captain. Gaff
dialog: and I will bring the other
text: companies up, on the left and
dialog: right. Wait an hour for us to get
dialog: them in place. Then attack! we'll
dialog: throw everything we've got at them.
dialog: Once the companies are linked up
dialog: we'll move uphill together ina
dialog: line. Nothing's stopping us. We're
text: going all the way. High ground by
dialog: nightfall!
text: He raises his arm in the air, and a CHEER goes up from the
text: group of men around him. Lt. Band looks at him with awe.
speaker_heading: COL. TALL
dialog: (to Band, privately)
dialog: Lieutenant, last night they cut our
text: phone lines back to the rear.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 127.
dialog: Don't be itQdny TAbt (cat répair
dialog: them. We attack in one hour! It is
dialog: now twelve thirty-eight on my
dialog: mark... Mark!
text: While Tall and Gaff go off, Stein takes Lt. Band aside.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: George, I can't look after
dialog: everything. I'm putting you in
text: charge of Becker's platoon, and
dialog: Weapons. It will be like an
dialog: independent command.
scene_heading: LT. BAND
dialog: Let us lead it off, sir.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: (after eyeing him warily)
dialog: All right.
text: Band smiles his eager smile. An independent command!
text: Meanwhile, a group of men from C-for-Charlie has gathered
text: around the Japanese prisoners, fascinated by the first sight
text: of their enemy, living and breathing, though strangely so
text: unformidable. Eight more nave been rounded up and aced under
text: guard with the one Queen spared. They are being interrogated
text: by a timid young OFFICER from G-2 and a NISEI INTERPRETER.
text: The prisoners are a sorry, sick-looking lot. Feeble,
text: stumbling, they shamble along appearing to be totally
text: benumbed by their experiences and looking as though they
dialog: would not have the energy or the will to escape, even if they
text: were guarded by just one GI. All of them are suffering from
dialog: dysentery, jaundice and malaria. Two of them (just why, no
text: one seems to know) are stark bare-ass naked. They look like
text: some lower grade of animal, with their ribs and shoulder
text: bones showing starkly through their yellow skin.
speaker_heading: NISEI INTERPRETER
dialog: They say they've all been living
text: off lizards and the bark off of
dialog: trees for the past couple of weeks.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: Ask ‘em if they was scared.
text: Doll gives one of them a cigarette as the Nisei translates
text: the question. The Japanese man looks embarrassed but
dialog: grateful.
dialog: 128.
speaker_heading: NISEI INTERPRETER
dialog: He says they were too sick to feel
dialog: much of anything. They were sorry
dialog: to see their captain die.
speaker_heading: THORNE
dialog: Hey, Jap. Come on, Jap! Tell the
dialog: truth! Ain't you glad you don't
dialog: have to fight no more now? Hunh?
dialog: Ain't you?
text: The Japanese man he addresses, who obviously does not
text: understand a word, bobs and bows and nods his head smiling
text: numbly.
speaker_heading: THORNE
dialog: See there! I told you! They don't
dialog: want to fight no more than we do!
dialog: What's all this Emperor shit!
speaker_heading: TILLS
dialog: Just you don't give him your loaded
dialog: rifle, and then see how much he
dialog: want to fight.
speaker_heading: G-2 OFFICER
dialog: We need to get these prisoners back
dialog: to Regiment as soon as possible. I
dialog: need a detail.
text: They ignore him. One of the prisoners, a SERGEANT who
text: declined a cigarette when one was offered him, speaks quietly
dialog: to the Nisei.
speaker_heading: THORNE
dialog: What'd he say?
speaker_heading: NISEI INTERPRETER
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: THORNE
dialog: What do you mean? I saw him talking
dialog: to you.
speaker_heading: NISEI INTERPRETER
dialog: He said that if he acted that way
text: in front of his lieutenant, the
text: officer would pull his gun out and
dialog: shoot him.
dialog: (as Thorne smiles lamely)
dialog: He keeps asking me, how can I do
dialog: this?
dialog: 129.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLSIDE - DAY
text: The prisoners are being led away by their guards, among them
text: Thorne, Coombs, Carni and Kirk. Whooping and hollering, they
text: descend the steep hillside in a sort of nonsensical hysteria
text: of cruel fun, slipping and sliding, booting the prisoners and
text: laughing whenever they fall. When one of the charges falls
text: so ill that he can hardly move, however, they stop, to
dialog: discuss the situation.
speaker_heading: THORNE
dialog: I say shoot the fucker.
speaker_heading: COOMBS
dialog: You know the Colonel ordered us to
dialog: get them all back alive.
speaker_heading: THORNE
dialog: So we'll say he tried to escape.
speaker_heading: COOMBS
dialog: Him? Look at him.
speaker_heading: THORNE
dialog: So who'll see him?
speaker_heading: KIRK
dialog: I'm with Thorne. Remember what they
dialog: did to our guys on the Bataan Death
dialog: March.
speaker_heading: COOMBS
dialog: Shorty gave us personal orders. You
dialog: know damn well he's gonna check up
dialog: if one turns up missin’. What if he
dialog: has Intelligence ask these other
dialog: guys what happened to their buddy?
dialog: I don't want to get in trouble,
dialog: that's all.
dialog: The Japanese senses he has a champion in Coombs and bows
text: gratefully.
speaker_heading: THORNE
dialog: Well, it’s either that or carry
dialog: him. I’m not about to carry no
dialog: fuckin’ Jap all the way back to
dialog: Regiment. Are you? Anyway, I
dialog: outrank you. I’m a corporal. I say
dialog: kill him. Look at him. Be doin’ the
dialog: poor fuck a favor.
dialog: 130.
speaker_heading: KIRK
dialog: 2nd Battalion found where they'd
dialog: been eatin’ one of their own men.
text: Strung him up from a branch like a
text: deer. Took strips off his back, two
text: inches wide. They eat people.
text: Carni steps forward and puts in for the first time. He has
text: been thinking it over, the pros and cons.
speaker_heading: CARNI
dialog: Coombs is right. Shorty’s sure to
dialog: check up if one is missin’. If we
dialog: shoot him or lose him, he’1l be on
dialog: our ass like a bullwhip. Might even
dialog: court-martial us.
text: Thorne stares at the Japanese man, then shrugs and grins
dialog: ruefully.
speaker_heading: THORNE
dialog: Okay, I guess you're right. It
dialog: looks like we carry him. All right
dialog: then! Come on! I'll take a leg! who
dialog: wants the rest of him!
scene_heading: EXT. CP - DAY
text: Fife and Storm have returned to the company. They are treated
text: as objects of extreme curiosity, even in the midst of the
text: battle. Men who’ve come back from the gone! Questions fly in
dialog: from all sides. Everyone in the company who has not been hurt
text: beyond the normal minor bruises and cuts carries the guilt of
dialog: a well man who, through no fault of his own, has not
dialog: suffered.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: They didn't do a fucking thing.
dialog: Didn't even put a bandage on the
dialog: fucking thing! Them doctors are
dialog: tough. They're not lettin’ anybody
dialog: get out of anything if they can
dialog: possibly help it. The shit's hit
dialog: the fan, boys. Govmint don't have
dialog: to lock you up behind bars.
text: Fife reports to the CP to discover that he is out of a job.
text: CORPORAL WELD mans the sound-power phone, though of course it
text: is not working. Weld is now Welsh's Forward Echelon clerk.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: What’re you doing with my phone?
dialog: 131.
speaker_heading: WELD
dialog: Hello there, Fife!
text: Weld looks at him with a cold-eyed, insolent smile. It is
dialog: strange what a little authority and a coup le of stripes can
text: do for a man. Weld is a big, unfriendly-looking soldier; Fife
text: has always been a little afraid of him. He is obviously not
text: about to turn loose of his newly acquired status if he can
dialog: help it.
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: What do you want, kid?
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: I came back from the aid station.
dialog: I'm supposed to report in.
text: His anger cannot even begin to overcome in him his sense of
text: lostness, war terror and terrible aloneness.
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: Okay. So you've reported.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: What's Weld doing with my
dialog: telephone?
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: Corporal Weld is my Forward Echelon
dialog: clerk. Them other two punk assholes
text: there are his assistant runners.
dialog: Here, fuckface!
text: (holding a paper out to
dialog: Weld)
dialog: Take this over to Culp in Weapons.
speaker_heading: WELD
dialog: Right, Sarge!
text: He takes the paper and turns around, throwing out his chest
speaker_heading: WELD
dialog: Train! Here!
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: I_said TAKE it!
speaker_heading: WELD
dialog: Right, Sarge!
text: He leaves. Welsh turns to Fife with his crazy, sly-eyed grin.
dialog: 132.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: You knew I might be coming back.
dialog: You knew I was --
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: Knew you were comin' back! How the
dialog: hell would I know you were comin'
dialog: back? I thought you were walkin'
dialog: off lookin' for a bush to die in. I
dialog: got a company to run here. You
dialog: think it can wait for you? If you'd
dialog: had any fucking guts or brains
dialog: you'd of got yourself evacuated off
dialog: this Rock, with a wound like you
dialog: had.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: You can't do this to me, Welsh! By
dialog: God, you can't! You can't take and--
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: I can't, can't I! Look around you!
dialog: It's done! It was done last night
dialog: while you were at the aid station.
dialog: You can't blame me if you didn't
dialog: have guts or brains enough to --
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: Goddamn you, I notice you didn't
dialog: make anybody mess sergeant in
dialog: Stormy's place!
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: (grinning insolently)
dialog: Storm asked me to wait -- he
dialog: thought he might be comin’ back.
text: Why does it make his heart sink to find he is no longer
dialog: Welsh's clerk? Why doesn't he rejoice?
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: Goddamn you, Welsh! Goddamn you,
dialog: you son of a bitch!
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: I'm getting tired of teaching you
dialog: punk asshole kids that you don t
dialog: mean a goddamn thing to the world.
dialog: Not to the country, not to the war,
dialog: to nobody. This Army's going to
dialog: spend you like dollar bills.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 133.
dialog: You can al WELSH (conta\d by day, one
dialog: by one -- and it won t mean a
dialog: goddamn fucking thing to anybody as
dialog: long as there's replacements. Who
dialog: the fuck do you think you are? You
dialog: think you mean anything to this
dialog: comp 'ny?
dialog: 
dialog: Welsh could not have chosen a more wounding thing to say. He
text: knows it and falls silent for a moment, as though ashamed.
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: You punks are all learning now --
dialog: and Oh does it hurt! This war's
dialog: only starting. Behind this comp'ny
dialog: there's ten others like it,
text: stretching clear back to
dialog: Washington, all of them dedicated
dialog: to getting you up here full
dialog: equipped to get your asses lowed
dialog: off. You’re just part of a machine.
dialog: You’re a cog. You can't doa
dialog: fucking thing about it. This ain't
dialog: no war, this is a regulated
dialog: business venture.
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: You don't know no more about it
dialog: than a pig knows about Sunday.
text: Since yesterday Welsh has the same drawn, haunted face and
text: wrinkled, too-bright eyes they all wear, but unlike them, he
text: feels triumphant -- triumphant because everything has turned
text: out exactly as he anticipated, thus leaving him with no real
text: shock or trauma, rather with his iron contempt intact.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: You don't believe in nothing, do
dialog: you, Welsh?
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: Property! I'm the only sane man in
dialog: the fucking outfit.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: You bastard!
text: Fortunately, Lt. Band appears at just this moment. Welsh
text: leaps up to shout "Attention!" while he, Weld and Fife all
dialog: snap to.
scene_heading: LT. BAND
dialog: You don't have to call attention
dialog: every time I show up, Sergeant.
dialog: I've told you that.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 134.
dialog: Certainly hdt BAND eEchte'ld) well!
dialog: Hello there, Fife! So you made it
dialog: back. We're glad to have you back
dialog: with the old outfit. Have you seen
dialog: my helmet?
text: Band takes off his helmet and shows Fife where a Japanese
text: bullet has passed through the shell. Fife listens to him in
dialog: silence.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: Well now, that's remarkable, sir! I
dialog: wish I could have seen my helmet. I
dialog: never saw it.
text: Fife's voice shakes with fury, and Welsh grins to himself.
dialog: Everybody in the company has already heard about Band's
dialog: helmet.
scene_heading: LT. BAND
dialog: It's too bad you couldn't have kept
dialog: it for a souvenir. Well then!
dialog: Corporal Fife! I guess we better
dialog: decide what to do about you, then,
dialog: Fife. Hunh? Since Weld here is now
dialog: corporal and clerk, we can't very
text: well demote him back to private.
dialog: Neither can we have two clerks. And
dialog: since Weld is older than Fife
dialog: besides being considerably less
dialog: well-trained I don't see how we can
dialog: send him off to take second command
text: of a rifle squad.
text: All Fife's anger runs out of him like water as he realizes
text: the tack Band is taking, and he decides, too late, that he
dialog: could have been much nicer about Band's helmet. Terror
text: balloons in him as he remembers that hellish exposed slope
dialog: down there.
scene_heading: LT. BAND
dialog: Soo -- How would you like to become
dialog: second in command of a top-rated
dialog: rifle squad, Fife? Sergeant Jenks's
dialog: squad of the 3rd Platoon has no
dialog: corporal. You'll see plenty of
dialog: action! I guarantee it!
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: Sir, Sergeant Dranno back at Rear
dialog: Echelon has been devilling me to
dialog: give him someone to help him. He's
dialog: had a lot of work over casualties
dialog: since this action.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 135.
dialog: And he's giliSH{aanta'dpt more.
dialog: Fife here has more clerical
dialog: knowledge than anybody in the
dialog: company except for Dranno.
scene_heading: LT. BAND
dialog: All right! Now you have a choice,
dialog: Fife! which do you prefer?
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: I'll work for Dranno.
scene_heading: LT. BAND
dialog: All right! When do you want him to
dialog: leave, Sergeant?
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: Today.
scene_heading: LT. BAND
dialog: There you are, Corporal! Okay. You
dialog: can go.
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE
text: Fife walks off nodding, but once he is alone, the rebellion
text: comes. All of his fury returns, his fury at Welsh, his fury
dialog: at Band, his fury at the world. Fuck them. Fuck them all.
speaker_heading: VOICES
dialog: Moving out in ten minutes! Check
dialog: your ammo! Fix bayonets!
text: He knows what he feels is unrealistic; he knows he will
text: regret it immediately; he is sure he is signing his own death
text: warrant; but in spite of the fear and terror which fill him
text: in equal parts with fury and sorrow, he will not go back
text: there to work for Dranno. He finds Band still with the first
dialog: sergeant.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: Lt. Band, sir, I changed my mind.
dialog: I'd like to stay. I'd like to go
text: with the rifle squad.
text: Welsh's face turns so red it appears his whole head will
text: burst, but he says not a word in front of Band. The
text: Lieutenant gives Fife a curiously sharp look which makes Fife
text: wonder if he has not been actually and actively seduced. But
text: it is too late now.
scene_heading: LT. BAND
dialog: Okay. Report to Jenks's squad.
dialog: 136.
text: As Fife anticipated, no sooner does he leave than he
text: immediately regrets what he has done. The only real pleasure
text: was the look on Welsh's face.
scene_heading: EXT. CP AREA - DAY
text: Ten minutes ago Becker's men were laughing and proud. Now,
text: suddenly, they are quiet, their eyes starry with fear. Becker
text: comes to Lt. Band with a deeply frowning face.
speaker_heading: BECKER
dialog: Lieutenant, I was wondering if you
dialog: couldn't put my platoon in company
dialog: reserve. My boys’ve had it tougher
text: than any of the other platoons.
dialog: They've had more casualties, and
dialog: are more under-strength. They
dialog: deserve a break.
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: It ain't fair to put my boys out
dialog: there all the time.
dialog: Band might have acceded to the request if Becker had not
text: spoken. Now he jerks his head up to stare at him.
scene_heading: LT. BAND
dialog: Fair? What's not fair? What's fair
dialog: got to do with it? No, I'm afraid
dialog: I'll have to deny your request
dialog: Sergeant. Your platoon is the best
dialog: we've got. They've got more
dialog: experience, they're tougher, they
text: belong out in front.
speaker_heading: BECKER
dialog: Is that an order then, sir?
scene_heading: LT. BAND
dialog: I'm afraid it is, Sergeant
speaker_heading: BECKER
dialog: In other words, the more of us get
dialog: killed gettin’ experience, the more
dialog: of us got to get killed usin’ it.
scene_heading: LT. BAND
dialog: As I said, fair has nothing to do
text: with it. Unfortunately. In a war
dialog: everything useful has to be used.
dialog: Here it's me who decides what is
dialog: most useful where. Any other
dialog: questions, Sergeant Becker?
dialog: 137.
speaker_heading: BECKER
dialog: No, sir.
scene_heading: LT. BAND
dialog: Then that's all.
speaker_heading: BECKER
dialog: Aye, aye, sir!
text: Becker scuttles away in a blind rage. Poor man, Band thinks,
dialog: believing he has handled it pretty well.
scene_heading: LT. BAND
dialog: Sergeant!
text: Becker swings around. He is only fifteen feet away. Nobody
text: else is close enough to overhear what Band now says.
scene_heading: LT. BAND
dialog: I want to tell you something,
dialog: Sergeant. Do you know why our
dialog: platoon's going up first? Do you
dialog: know why they're moving out first
dialog: today in this attack? Because I
dialog: volunteered us for it.
speaker_heading: BECKER
dialog: You what!
text: Becker crouches almost as if to charge him. Band raises his
text: eyebrows. Becker is too old a hand not to know what this
dialog: means.
speaker_heading: BECKER
dialog: Sir!
scene_heading: LT. BAND
dialog: That's right. And do you know why I
dialog: did? It was because I felt, with
dialog: our superior combat experience,
dialog: we'd be more useful. To Regiment
dialog: to the Division, to everybody.
speaker_heading: BECKER
dialog: Is that all, sir?
scene_heading: LT. BAND
dialog: That's all, Sergeant.
dialog: 138.
scene_heading: EXT. WATER HOLE - DAY
text: 2nd Platoon has discovered a little water hole. The men lie
text: around it on their bellies drinking the muddy water up
text: greedily, until Doll wades out into the middle of the hole
text: and pulls a dead Japanese soldier up from the bottom by the
text: scruff of his neck. All of them recoil in disgust, all except
dialog: Dale.
speaker_heading: DALE
dialog: Everybody's got to drink a little
dialog: enemy blood. Some time or other
speaker_heading: BECKER
dialog: Let's go. Bell's squad up on the
dialog: right! Dale's squad up on the left!
dialog: Make a line, make a line! Lock and
dialog: load!
scene_heading: EXT. FLANKS (BURNT SLOPES) OF HILL 210 - DAY
text: Jenks's squad will lead it off. Mazzi kisses a mortar round
text: and drops it down the tube, as they begin to lay down FIRE on
text: the slope above them. Fife sits watching a pair of blue
text: butterflies bounce above the grass tops. As he gets himself
text: ready, he can hardly believe what is happening to him. It
text: takes every ounce of courage he has not to turn and run. As
text: they start to crawl away, his teeth are chattering and he is
text: shaking like a leaf from head to toe.
speaker_heading: JENKS
dialog: Come on, damn it! Get movin’!
text: Fife's heart beats wildly as MUSIC comes in through the
text: Japanese drums. He realizes this is his moment of truth, his
dialog: moment to become a soldier, a man. How precious this despised
text: world seems to him, now that he stands on the verge of
text: leaving it forever! Thorne's cries and moans when he go's
text: down nearby unnerve him further. Why can't he keep his mouth
dialog: shut? Fife did.
text: Gradually, a new courage swells inside him, a joy. He tries
dialog: to do better, helping Jenks keep the squad together
text: pretending he is not unnerved, that he is not thinking of all
text: the unreckonable ways to get killed. Fear drops away from him
text: like a shroud, and miraculously he is free.
text: The speed and power with which C-for-Charlie moves up Hill
text: 210 is more than even Tall hoped for. Within fifteen minutes
dialog: they have hooked up with the other companies and the whole
text: line is bowling along uphill.
dialog: 139.
text: The Japanese they flush from their holes and various
text: emplacements, which literally honeycomb the ridge, are almost
text: without exception the same starved-looking, sick, emaciated
text: types they found at the strongpoint, only now most are burned
text: or blackened by the fires that have spread across the slope.
scene_heading: EXT. FLANKS OF HILL 210 - DAY
text: A YOUNG SOLDIER turns to Witt.
speaker_heading: YOUNG SOLDIER
dialog: I never been shot at before. Is
dialog: this what it sounds like?
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: This is what it sounds like. We’re
text: bein’ shot at.
text: Witt sees the Colonel far below. Until today, he has never
dialog: really much liked Tall, finding him a cold fish-eye of an
dialog: intellectual textbook soldier. But today he loves them all,
text: passionately, with an almost sexual ecstasy of comradeship.
text: Even Bugger Stein and Welsh come under the magnanimous aura
dialog: of his warm affection today. The idea of service to humanity,
text: of comradeship, of the solidarity of men, is slowly perishing
text: from the world, but in Witt it still runs strong.
text: Watching the first wave move up the hill, he feels the
text: mysterious quality of deep, manly friendship which can exist
text: between men who share the pain and death, the fear and
dialog: sadness of combat -- the happiness, too. For there is
dialog: happiness. Happiness in doing your best, happiness in
dialog: fighting by the side of your friend, happiness in feeling the
dialog: highest in yourself may be drawn forth at last.
text: Witt mutters under his breath. If Tall had let Bugger proceed
text: with his outflanking move, they might have saved themselves a
text: lot of good men. He turns to Bell.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: I could’ve kept tella from getting
dialog: killed. Catch, Gordon. I wasn't
dialog: able to help a one of them! I can't
dialog: be everywheres at once!
speaker_heading: VOICES
dialog: What's holding you up? Keep moving!
dialog: What's holding you up?
text: A wandering squad of Japanese COUNTERATTACKS the Weapons
text: Platoon as they are coming up behind, catching them
dialog: completely off guard. There aren’t supposed to be any
text: Japanese around here. Finally, they are compelled to run.
dialog: 140.
text: Buttplate in one hand and carbine in the other, Frankie Mazzi
text: swings around backward to crash through the face-whipping
text: screen of leaves. Once through, he swings to turn face front
text: again, and suddenly feels himself speared, caught, and then
text: held. He knows what it is, but he can’t think clearly enough
text: to do anything about it. Some thing has grabbed hold of his
text: ammo belt near his right hip bone. Unable to believe it,
text: plunging and cursing and listening to rifle bullets
text: SNICKERWHACK through the brush around him, he remains
text: tethered, still holding buttplate in one hand and carbine in
text: the other. And he knows he will still be here when they come
dialog: for him, shoot him, cook him, and eat him.
text: When two men from the mortar section push past him running
text: hurriedly and obliviously, he begins to call in a feeble,
text: moronic, plaintive voice the same word over and over.
speaker_heading: MAZZI
dialog: Help! Help! Help!
text: To his eternal shame, it is Tills who comes back for him.
text: Eyes glaring wildly also, running hurriedly in a crouch, he
text: comes up, surveys the scene, and frees him. Mazzi has been
text: pushing and plunging forward all the time. Tills merely
text: shoves him backward two feet and the snag comes free. Then
text: making a lip-lifting mock of a grin, he spits brown from the
text: quid in his jaw, and runs on.
text: When they come out into the bright, eye-beating light of
text: safety behind their own still-advancing lines, they see the
text: other members of the squad already setting up, resetting the
dialog: bubble levels.
speaker_heading: MAZZI
dialog: Just don't think it makes me like
dialog: you any better.
speaker_heading: TILLS
dialog: Done thank ut makes me lack yew any
dialog: butter.
text: Mazzi stares at him with hatred, certain he will tell.
text: Meanwhile, Stein watches his men work their way around an MG
text: emplacement.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: We took out that emplacement, sir.
dialog: We can go ahead.
text: Witt could throw his arms around his commander in an ecstasy
dialog: of loving comradeship. Except that it might get taken the
dialog: wrong way.
dialog: 141.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: Good job, Witt. Why don’t you stay
dialog: here and have yourself a rest?
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: I ruther be with the comp’ny, sir.
dialog: I mean, you know, with the
dialog: platoons. I always feel like maybe
dialog: I could help somebody, you know?
dialog: Maybe save somebody.
text: It is the first time he has ever told anyone his secret.
text: Stein stares at him quizzically, and witt curses himself. He
dialog: learned long ago in his life never to tell anybody anything
dialog: about what he really felt -- what made him do it now?
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: Okay. Report to Becker. Tell him I
dialog: just appointed you acting sergeant.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: But I'm not even in the comp’ny,
dialog: sir, officially.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: We'll worry about all that later.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: Aye, sir.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: Looks like we're in luck today,
dialog: witt.
text: Witt looks at him a moment, then nods and crawls away. Now,
text: before Stein can give the order, the platoons move out on
text: their own. Stein runs forward among them.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: Go on! Go on! Don't stop now!
text: He hears his own voice bellowing and he knows nobody can hear
text: him, but he cannot stop it, and he cannot stop waving his
text: arms. The men charge up until the crest of the hill comes
text: INTO VIEW.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: Hot damn! Hot damn! Come on! Come
dialog: on! We got to get up there.
text: He starts off through the grass running. Everything
text: everywhere seems to be ungovernable chaos with the FIRING,
text: the SHOUTS.
dialog: 142.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: Keep your distance! Twenty yards!
dialog: Form a line!
text: Jenks's squad are on their feet before the grenade shower has
text: even EXPLODED. They run uphill, hollering and yelling. Fife
text: scampers along with them, panting and sweating. Nothing
text: touches him. On his right, the usually imperturbable Jenks
text: lets out a long, shrill, screeching, quavering rebel yell.
text: Three men go down hollering in the rush. Nothing touches
dialog: Fife.
text: Then, suddenly, they are in! Over the crest and in! -- the
text: other two squads right behind them, running hard but
text: cautiously between long, lovely lines of trees, leaping
text: emplacements like the ones they once looked at with awe and
text: wonder, gasping and weeping and, once in a while, dying. They
dialog: are in!
scene_heading: EXT. JAPANESE BIVOUAC AREA - DAY
text: Fife has no trouble shooting. When he first sees the scrawny,
text: tattered, scarecrow yellow men FIRING their rifles and MGs
text: intently, he can hardly believe it and feels astonished. When
text: he sees one Japanese in a hole whirl with a grenade in his
text: hand and stare at him wide-eyed, he SHOOTS him through the
text: hest and watches him fall. Then he looks around for more
text: targets and sees a Japanese running, trying to make the
text: jungle. Head down, arms pumping, he runs in total despair,
text: like a man on a too-swift treadmill which is carrying him
text: backward. Fife leads him just a hair and SHOOTS him through
dialog: t
dialog: t
dialog: a
dialog: °
text: he left side just below the armpit, shouting with elation as
text: he man tumbles with a yell just feet away from the jungle
dialog: nd safety.
text: hen Stein reaches the crest of the hill, he beholds a scene
dialog: hich will remain with him the rest of his life. His
text: loodthirsty platoons have burst into what is clearly a
text: apanese bivouac area. The tall jungle trees have climbed up
dialog: ut of the gulches and established themselves here on this
text: rest. The Japanese have cleared out all the undergrowth so
dialog: hat what is taking place here now is taking place as though
dialog: n some park. The only thing that is not like a park is the
dialog: lue mud which is everywhere the ground. In this natural
text: etting, Stein's platoons are SHOOTING and killing Japanese
dialog: n what appear to be carload lots.
speaker_heading: BHNAHHOOUDEES
text: There are no tents visible, but there are surface shelters of
text: branches and sticks which the Japanese have made themselves,
text: and there are underground dugouts. The first are being SHOT
text: to pieces or knocked apart with rifle butts. The underground
text: shelters are being BOMBED OUT with grenades.
dialog: 
dialog: 143.
dialog: Stein sees at a glance there wii1 be no way of getting these
dialog: men organized for quite some time. A crazy sort of blood
dialog: lust, like some sort of declared school holiday from all
text: moral ethics, has descended on them. They can kill with
text: impunity and they are doing it. Several Japanese plead for
text: their lives. One sits meditating as though preparing himself
dialog: for death.
text: Queen runs laughing and bellowing on, arriving back in time
text: to SHOOT a Japanese officer who, rising from a hole and
text: whirling his sword on high, runs at them screaming to die for
text: his Emperor. Queen tears the scabbard away from him, jams the
text: sword in it, sticks it all in his belt and rushes on.
speaker_heading: VOICES
dialog: Queen's back! Romp and stomp!
speaker_heading: QUEEN
dialog: Show me them Japs!
text: Fife scampers along SHOOTING every Japanese he can see,
text: filled with both terror and elation. Then Jenks goes down
text: with a loud squawk and a rifle bullet through the shoulder.
speaker_heading: JENKS
dialog: You take the squad.
text: Now Fife has the squad to himself, and the responsibility,
text: and finds he loves it, and all of them. A new confidence has
text: surged up in him, a manliness; a wild, reckless joy.
text: The whole area is honeycombed with rifle pits and MG
text: emplacements, and it was obviously the Japanese commander's
dialog: intention to sell it very dearly. But now, having heard such
text: great enemy firing on their flanks and even in their rear,
text: the Japanese begin to come up out of their holes and
text: surrender, sick, haggard, beaten-looking men, obviously
text: terrified at the treatment they expect to receive at the
text: hands of their enemy. Those who make the mistake of coming up
text: with their weapons in their hands are taken care of
dialog: immediately.
text: The others, who come out empty-handed and hands up, are
text: socked, punched, beaten, prodded and hammered with rifle
dialog: butts, but rarely -- only in a few instances -- are they
dialog: actually killed. But nobody likes them very well, and those
text: who refuse to do as they are told are SHOT out of hand by
text: tense-faced, nerve-racked men who want no fucking nonsense.
text: One by one, the MGs are silenced. Some of the riflemen elect
text: to SHOOT it out and die in their pits. Others leap up and run
dialog: for the jungle leading to their own rear, if such a term as
dialog: "rear" applies in this crazy campaign. Few reach it. The
dialog: whole thing goes quickly.
dialog: 144,
text: When they arrive at the center of the bivouac, they find the
text: majority of the Japanese KILLING themselves with grenades,
dialog: guns or knives, which is just as well because those who do
text: not surrender immediately are SHOT or bayoneted.
text: Stein looks around to see the other companies pouring in from
text: the left and right flanks. The main fight is over. C-for-
text: Charlie has borne the brunt of it and gained the victory. A
text: few of the men sit down and weep.
speaker_heading: COL. TALL
dialog: Well, Stein, we did it, son! We did
dialog: it!
text: Colonel Tall strides up to Stein and shakes his hand. There
text: is further handshaking with the sergeants.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: Excuse me, sir. What about the
dialog: water? Have you --
speaker_heading: COL. TALL
dialog: I'm sorry about that, Stein! Now
dialog: what do you think are the chances
dialog: of a counterattack? I still hear
text: gunfire over on the left.
text: The moping up proves to be a pretty big operation. There are
text: still many unreduced emplacements scattered across the
text: bivouac and the hillsides beyond it. Many of the Japanese
dialog: prefer to die rather than be captured. Some are too sick even
text: to surrender, and simply sit by their guns FIRING them until
text: they are killed. Those who have surrendered are overcome with
text: a deep shame and sorrow. End on: rice cooking or some
text: domestic scene, perhaps on a wind chime or a figure of the
text: Buddha sitting in obscurity beneath a stand of cocoa trees.
scene_heading: EXT. JAPANESE BIVOUAC AREA - DAY
text: Charlie Dale comes to Witt with a bone to pick. Witt is
text: sitting on a rock, staring emptily down the hill, sorrowful,
text: exhausted and terribly dry. The stocky Dale, with his
text: perpetually hunched shoulders and powerful long arms, marches
text: up and stands himself directly in front of Witt to have his
text: say. The SHOOTING is still going on.
speaker_heading: DALE
dialog: I got somethin' I want to tell you
dialog: witt.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: (absentmindedly)
dialog: Yeah? What's that?
dialog: 145.
speaker_heading: DALE
dialog: You shouldn't ought to talk to me
dialog: like you did. I don't want you to
dialog: do it anymore. That's an order.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: What? When?
speaker_heading: DALE
dialog: Back there at the strongpoint this
dialog: morning. You remember, Witt.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: What did' I say?
speaker_heading: DALE
dialog: You called me a jerk when I tossed
dialog: that grenade down that one hole and
dialog: that Jap tossed it back out. That's
dialog: no way to talk to me. I'm a noncom
dialog: now -- it ain't dignified. In any
dialog: case, I'm orderin' you not to do it
dialog: no more.
text: Witt looks as if he has been stung by a bee.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: Arngh, come off it, Charlie. I
dialog: known you when you was a lousy
dialog: second cook. A not very good one at
dialog: that. I ain't takin any orders from
dialog: you. You can shove them acting
dialog: stripes up your ass.
speaker_heading: DALE
dialog: You called me a jerk!
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: Well, you are a jerk! A jerk! A
dialog: jerk! What's more, you're stupid!
dialog: You should of known better than to
dialog: anyway, I'm an acting sergeant too
dialog: myself! Stein made me one an hour
dialog: ago! Now, peel off!
speaker_heading: DALE
dialog: I'm not a jerk. And you wasn't no
dialog: acting sergeant when you done it.
dialog: Anyway, I was made before you so I
dialog: still outrank you. And I ain't
dialog: scared of you... Besides, it don't
dialog: look good in front of the men
dialog: witt.
dialog: 146.
text: His voice softens as he thinks of the new thing. He says it
text: as if they were two majors bellying up to the Officers Club
dialog: bar.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: Men, my ass! Dale, I never hit
dialog: nobody without I warn them first.
dialog: That's my policy. Well, I'm warning
dialog: you. Get away from me, stay away.
dialog: If you ever say another word to me,
dialog: I'll whip your ass.
speaker_heading: DALE
dialog: I think I can whip you.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: Then have a go! Have a go!
speaker_heading: DALE
dialog: There's too much work to do around
dialog: here right now. The mopping up's
dialog: just starting. I don't want to miss
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: Anything you want! Knives
text: bayonets, fists, rifle butts
dialog: shooting!
speaker_heading: DALE
dialog: Fists’ll do. I don't want to kill
dialog: you --
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: You couldn't!
speaker_heading: DALE
dialog: I know you been a boxer -- all that
dialog: shit. I can still whip you.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: Yeah?
text: Witt advances on him, raising his rifle butt as if to stroke
text: him in the side of the head with it, but Dale backs off. He
text: raises his own rifle, which is bayoneted, into fighting
dialog: position.
speaker_heading: DALE
dialog: Maybe I couldn't whip you. But
dialog: you'll know you been in a fight.
dialog: 147.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: Come on! Come on! Talk! Talk! Talk!
speaker_heading: DALE
dialog: There's too much serious work to do
dialog: right now. I'll try you later,
dialog: buddy.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: Any time!
text: Dale turns and walks away. Witt sits down, trembling with a
dialog: cold rage. Whip him! There isn't a man his size in the
dialog: regiment who could whip him. And he doubts there is anybody
text: in the regiment who could whip him at bayonet fighting. As
dialog: for shooting, he has been high gun in every regiment he's
dialog: served with for the past six years. Don't look good in front
dialog: of the men. Shit!
text: Meanwhile, Dale goes to work over the Japanese with a stolen
text: pair of piers, wrenching the gold teeth out of their mouths.
text: His sharp, red eyes dart left and right.
scene_heading: EXT. JAPANESE BIVOUAC AREA - DAY
text: They are carrying Thorne away on a stretcher.
speaker_heading: THORNE
dialog: I'll be back! It'll take more’n a
dialog: flesh wound to keep me from coming
dialog: back to C-for-Charlie. I don't care
dialog: where they send me! I'll be back if
dialog: I have to stow away ona
dialog: replacement boat!
text: All the guys are shaking hands with the other guys from the
text: other companies, grinning at each other out of guys b from
text: faces. Many are curious about the Japanese. Carni, looking
text: through a billfold, displays a picture of a dead soldier's
dialog: girlfriend.
speaker_heading: CARNI
dialog: Maybe his sister.
text: Mazzi and Tills glance at each other. Mazzi wonders if Tills
text: has told anyone what happened down the hill. It infuriates
text: him that he cannot enjoy the victory as wholeheartedly as the
dialog: others.
text: Fife does not take part in the poking and looking and
text: souvenir hunting because the corpses make him feel queasy and
text: vaguely guilty.
dialog: 148.
text: He watches only for a moment, then he has to turn away. What
dialog: is wrong with him? If the rest of the guys can be this tough
dialog: why can't he?
text: The scavengers move quickly. Nearby one slips a watch off a
dialog: dead Japanese lieutenant. But really everyone is too tired,
text: too beat and thirsty and exhausted, to care about the loot.
text: Later, of course, they will all regret it. Doll comes up to
text: Fife with a big smile.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: The Colonel wanted to know who it
text: was up there at the front of the
text: charge, with Jenks's squad. The
dialog: Captain said it was you. Colonel
dialog: said, that man is a fire-eater, the
dialog: Japs better watch out. He wanted to
dialog: know your name and if you were a
dialog: sergeant.
text: Bell turns and looks at Fife. Someone else smiles, causing
text: Fife to blush. At last he feels their equal, a good man
text: capable of truth and sacrifice. Fife watches the clouds move
text: serenely across the wide tropical sky. His triumph has made
dialog: all things beautiful to him again.
scene_heading: EXT. JAPANESE BIVOUAC AREA - DAY
text: The blow falls late that afternoon. C-for-Charlie has cleaned
text: out the bivouac area and captured a number of heavy mortars
text: as well as two 70mm field guns and been placed along the
text: crest they have captured. The fierce heat is begining to
text: abate and the first signs of evening appearing, when Colonel
text: Tall calls Stein off to himself.
speaker_heading: COL. TALL
dialog: Stein, I'm relieving you of your
dialog: command.
text: His young-old Anglo-Saxon face is set in stern lines. Stein
text: can feel his heart suddenly beating in his ears, but he does
text: not say anything. He cannot honestly say he hasn't
dialog: anticipated it.
speaker_heading: COL. TALL
dialog: Lt. Band will take over for you.
dialog: I've already told him. So you won't
dialog: have to.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: (after a silence)
dialog: Yes, sir.
dialog: 149.
speaker_heading: COL. TALL
dialog: It's a hard thing to do, anda
dialog: difficult decision to make. I just
dialog: don't think you'll ever make a good
dialog: combat officer. I've thought it
text: over carefully.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: Because of what happened yesterday
dialog: morning?
speaker_heading: COL. TALL
dialog: In part, in part. But it's really
dialog: something else. I don't think
dialog: you're tough enough. I think you're
dialog: too soft. Too softhearted. Not
dialog: tough-fibered enough. You let your
dialog: emotions govern you too much. I
dialog: think your emotions control you. As
dialog: I said, I've thought it over
dialog: carefully. In a war people, have to
dialog: get killed. There dust isn't anyway
text: around it, Stein. A good officer
dialog: has to accept it, and then
dialog: calculate the loss in lives against
dialog: the potential gain. I don't think
dialog: you can do that.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: I don't like to see my men get
dialog: killed.
speaker_heading: COL. TALL
dialog: No good officer does. But he has to
dialog: be able to face it. Sometimes he
dialog: has to be able to order it. In any
dialog: case, it's my decision to make and
dialog: I've already made it.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: In a way, it's a compliment then
dialog: isn't it, Colonel?
speaker_heading: COL. TALL
dialog: There's no point in making a
dialog: scandal. I don't want it in the
dialog: records of the battalion while I
dialog: commanded it, and there's no point
dialog: in your having it put down against
dialog: you on your records. This has
dialog: nothing to do with cowardice or
dialog: inefficiency.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 150.
dialog: I'm going €OLLet Aldi eqyptl\d For
dialog: reassignment to the Judge Advocate
dialog: General's Corps in Washington for
dialog: reasons of ill health. You're a
dialog: lawyer. You had malaria yet?
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: No, sir.
speaker_heading: COL. TALL
dialog: Doesn't matter, really. I can fix
dialog: that. Anyway, you probably will
dialog: have it. Also I'm recommending you
dialog: for the Silver Star. I will
dialog: recommend it in such a way that it
dialog: will definitely not be refused.
text: Stein feels an instinctive, angry desire to protest the
text: medal, and half-raises his hand. But then he lets it drop.
speaker_heading: COL. TALL
dialog: You might as well have the Purple
dialog: Heart, too.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: COL. TALL
dialog: For one thing, I notice a pretty
dialog: deep scratch on your left cheek
dialog: from hitting those rocks back there
dialog: yesterday. If that's not enough, I
dialog: also note a couple of blood streaks
dialog: from scratches on your hands
dialog: underneath all that mud.
text: He stares at Stein expressionless. Stein suddenly wants to
dialog: weep.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: Aye, aye, sir.
speaker_heading: COL. TALL
dialog: I think it's best if you go back
text: right away, with the next batch of
dialog: wounded and prisoners. It's no good
dialog: for you to keep hanging around. The
dialog: quieter we keep this, the better it
dialog: will be for all.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: Aye, sir.
text: He salutes and turns away.
dialog: 151.
text: A group of stretcher-bearers is descending down to where the
text: jeeps are finally making their way up the forward slope of
text: Hill 210, and Stein joins them, helping with the stretchers.
text: No one in C-for-Charlie has seen him leave.
text: But the word gets around quickly. In spite of Tall's wish to
dialog: keep it quiet, all of C-for-Charlie -- and, for that matter
text: the entire battalion -- knows within fifteen minutes that
text: Stein has been relieved. Many of the men and noncoms are very
dialog: angry.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: We got to make a protest.
speaker_heading: BECKER
dialog: Who to? The Colonel? He'll throw us
dialog: in the can for even thinking such a
dialog: thing.
text: In the end it all tapers away to nothing but bitter mumble
dialog: But if the others are willing to assuage their consciences
text: this way, Witt does not feel he can let it go at that.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: What's the matter with you? This
dialog: battalion is going to hell ona
dialog: sled. Band! For comp’ny commander?
dialog: I believe I know how to rekinize a
dialog: comp’ny commander. He ain't one.
dialog: Neither was Stein. He just become
dialog: one in the past two days, and look
dialog: what's happened. They're kicking
dialog: him out! Well, I don't wanta be in
dialog: this battalion no more. Not without
dialog: the Cap’n. Not as long as Shorty
dialog: Tall’s in command!
text: Witt paces off in a mood of supreme, disgusted fury. A cold,
text: implacable Kentuckyness has come over him. This business with
text: the Captain has put a cap on things.
scene_heading: EXT. COMPANY CP - DAY
text: Pulling his sharp chin down into his thin neck and setting
text: his narrow shoulders stolidly, he reports himself to the new
text: company commander at the CP shortly before dusk.
speaker_heading: TRAIN
dialog: What are you doing here, Witt?
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: Minding my binness.
dialog: 152.
dialog: That goddamned Welsh is there, of course. Band is sitting six
text: feet away from him, eating the last of a can of C-ration.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: (to Welsh)
dialog: Private Witt requests permission to
dialog: speak to the comp’ny commander.
text: Witt does not let his eyes waver from the Sergeant. Welsh
text: stares at him grimly. Then he turns his head.
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: Sir, Private Witt requests
dialog: permission to speak to the company
dialog: commander .
scene_heading: LT. BAND
dialog: Okay. Sit down, Witt, sit down.
dialog: Make yourself com-fort-able. But
dialog: you're not "Private" any more
dialog: you're “Acting Sergeant” Witt. I
dialog: heard Captain Stein made you one
dialog: this morning. You seen my helmet
dialog: witt?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: No, sir.
text: Band bends and picks up the helmet. He sticks his finger
text: through the hole and waggles it at Witt.
scene_heading: LT. BAND
dialog: That's something, isn't it, hunh?
dialog: Shot it right off my head.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: Yes, sir.
scene_heading: LT. BAND
dialog: I never knew these things ever
dialog: really protected anybody. I'm going
dialog: to keep this, the shell anyway --
dialog: take it home with me. But sit down
dialog: Witt, sit down.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: I prefer to stand, sir.
scene_heading: LT. BAND
dialog: (his eager smile
dialog: vanishing)
dialog: Oh? All right, Witt. What was it
dialog: you wanted, Witt?
dialog: 153.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: Sir, I want to tell the Comp'ny
dialog: Commander that I'm returning to my
dialog: old outfit, Cannon Comp'ny. The
dialog: reason I wanted to tell the Comp'ny
dialog: Commander was so that if the
dialog: Comp'ny Commander noticed I wasn't
dialog: around, he'd know why.
scene_heading: LT. BAND
dialog: Well that isn't necessary, Witt. I
dialog: think we can arrange to have you
dialog: transferred. Don't worry about
dialog: being AWOL. You've been a pretty
dialog: valuable man the last couple of
dialog: days.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: Yes, sir.
scene_heading: LT. BAND
dialog: You know, we're short of noncoms.
dialog: Tomorrow I intend to make all the
dialog: temporary ranks permanent.
text: A bribe. Witt can smell Welsh watching with supreme disgust
text: Band's eyes suddenly narrow above his still-smiling mouth.
scene_heading: LT. BAND
dialog: You still want to go? All right,
dialog: Witt. I guess there's really no way
dialog: I can stop you officially. Anyway,
dialog: I wouldn't want a man in my command
dialog: who didn't want to serve under me.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: It's not that, sir.
dialog: (it is a lie, at least
dialog: partly)
dialog: It's that I don't want to serve in
dialog: a battalion -- that does to guys
dialog: what this battalion did to Captain
dialog: Stein.
text: He deliberately does not mention Colonel Tall. Band studies
dialog: him.
scene_heading: LT. BAND
dialog: Okay, Witt. But I feel that's not
dialog: up to us to judge. Every army is
dialog: bigger than any single man in it.
dialog: 154.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: Yes, sir.
scene_heading: LT. BAND
dialog: That's all, Witt. Oh, Witt!
dialog: (as Witt turns back)
dialog: Perhaps you'd like a letter to
dialog: present to your company commander
dialog: in Cannon Company attesting to
dialog: where you've been the past two
dialog: days. If you would, I'd be glad to
dialog: write one for you.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: (impassively)
dialog: Thank you, sir.
scene_heading: LT. BAND
dialog: Sergeant, write a letter saying To
dialog: Whom It May Concern that Witt has
dialog: been with this organization the
dialog: past two days in the thick of the
dialog: fighting and has been recommended
dialog: for decorations.
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: I hadn't got a typewriter.
scene_heading: LT. BAND
dialog: Don't argue with me, Sergeant!
dialog: Write the letter! Take this sheet
dialog: of paper and write the letter
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: Aye, sir. Weld! Take this paper and
dialog: go over to that stump and write me
dialog: a letter. You got a pen?
speaker_heading: WELD
dialog: Yes, sir!
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: You heard what to put in the
dialog: letter?
speaker_heading: WELD
dialog: Yes, sir!
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: Okay. Move! And don't call me
dialog: "sir," fuckface.
dialog: 155.
text: Welsh sits down and folds his arms and looks at both of them,
text: Witt and Band. Then suddenly he grins his crazy mad, furry-
text: eyed grin at both of them. Somewhere in that labyrinthine
text: mind of his, he is obviously lumping them together and
dialog: letting them know it.
text: When the letter is written and signed -- it takes only a few
text: moments -- Welsh hands it over. But when Witt takes hold of
text: it Welsh suddenly clamps his thumb and forefinger together,
text: not letting it go. When Witt exerts some pressure, Welsh
text: holds on, grinning that stupid, insane grin down into his
text: face. But when Witt lets go and is just dropping his arm,
text: Welsh lets go too, and the paper almost falls to the ground.
text: Witt has to catch it.
scene_heading: LT. BAND
dialog: There's no need to go now, Witt.
dialog: It's practically dark. You can wait
dialog: till tomorrow.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: I ain't afraid of the dark
dialog: Lootenant.
text: Witt stares hard at Welsh, then he leaves. He is angry at
dialog: himself for wanting the letter. He should of left it, or
dialog: refused it in the first place. He didn't really need it.
dialog: Screw them all, the cheap bastards. Not a one of them has
dialog: lifted a finger to help poor old Stein. And if Band thinks he
dialog: can buy off Bob Witt with a sergeancy, or an offer to stay
text: overnight and maybe reconsider, he doesn't know his guy. He
text: wads the letter up and throws it away.
scene_heading: EXT. COMPANY CP - DAY
text: Band has sent Weld away and is alone with Welsh.
scene_heading: LT. BAND
dialog: Sergeant, I can't help noting a
text: tone of subtle ridicule in
dialog: everything you say. For some time
dialog: I've felt you're not always
dialog: properly respectful to the company
dialog: officers.
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: Sir, you can have my stripes and my
dialog: job whenever you want them.
text: He means it, and Band knows he means it.
dialog: 156.
scene_heading: LT. BAND
dialog: Sergeant, don't ever get the idea
dialog: you're indispensable.
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: Lieutenant, nobody knows better
dialog: than me exactly how dispensable
dialog: every man in this outfit is.
text: Band feels himself outmaneuvered and decides not to push it
dialog: further.
scene_heading: EXT. COMPANY CP - DAY
text: Bell and some of the other men plead with Witt. Fife does not
text: plead but, sitting apart, stares evenly at him. Witt will
text: have to be the first one to speak, and he chooses not to.
speaker_heading: BELL
dialog: Why don't you just stay? You know
dialog: you'd like to. If they get hold of
dialog: you back in the rear, they'll throw
dialog: you in the stockade.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: Not me... I won't never come back
dialog: in this battalion long as Shorty
dialog: Tall commands it. No, sir. Much's I
dialog: might like to. That Shorty Tall
dialog: better stay away from me, or I'll
text: punch his head in.
speaker_heading: BELL
dialog: (as Witt walks off)
dialog: You can't go back there tonight
dialog: anyway. You fool! You'll get your
text: ass shot off by some trigger-happy
dialog: sentry. Hardhead!
scene_heading: EXT. COMPANY CP - DUSK
text: Sgt. Welsh stands in front of a portion of the company,
text: reading an announcement from Col. Tall.
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: This is from Colonel Tall: "Our
dialog: victory gives us the highest
dialog: reasons for pride. It will prove a
dialog: milestone in the battle for
dialog: Guadalcanal.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 157.
dialog: We have suddStecarhe' highest
dialog: casualties in the division and have
dialog: captured the toughest objective.
dialog: Tomorrow the division commander
dialog: will arrive to make a personal
dialog: inspection of the line. After the
dialog: inspection we are to be relieved by
text: a battalion of the division's
dialog: reserve regiment. I have secured
dialog: for the battalion a week's rest off
dialog: the line."
text: Tall stands off from his CP by himself, listening in the
text: gathering dusk. He smiles to himself as he hears the distant
text: cheers. He flatters himself that he knows pretty well how
dialog: enlisted men work -- he ought to after fifteen years -- and
text: the news of the week's relief far more than offsets any
text: natural irritation over the inspection.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLSIDE - DUSK
text: Witt is descending the hillside in lonely bewilderment when
text: he meets Ash, the wounded 3rd Platoon scout, who grins at him
text: from the side of the trail.
speaker_heading: ASH
dialog: I'd of had you, Kaintuck, if you
dialog: was a Jap -- long ago!
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: They leave you here?
speaker_heading: ASH
dialog: I would of slowed them up. I don't
dialog: really mind. Medic fixed me up
dialog: before they left. I got plenty of
dialog: ammo and Welsh left me his pistol.
dialog: They'11 be somebody along for me
dialog: evenshully.
text: He seems about three-fourths drunk from shock, morphine and
text: the pain of his bandaged wound, which he displays for Witt.
speaker_heading: ASH
dialog: Right in the knee. I'm out of this
dialog: war for good, Witt. But what the
dialog: hell're you doin' down here?
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: Some binness.
dialog: 158.
text: He looks around, marvelling to find the terrain where they
text: lay so long in fear and trembling, now so peaceful, the pure
text: sky breathing on the land, the earth going her tranquil way.
speaker_heading: ASH
dialog: Well, give all them boys my best.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: You can come with me if you want.
dialog: I'll help you along.
speaker_heading: ASH
dialog: Nah, it's nice and quiet and
dialog: peaceful here. Anyway, I'd slow you
dialog: up. Somebody’11 be along for me.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: I'll remind them.
speaker_heading: ASH
dialog: Okay.
text: Ash watches the dusk close around the vanishing figure of the
dialog: proud Kentuckian.
speaker_heading: FADE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. DOWN FROM HILLS (DRUMSARA BIVOUAC) - DAY
text: They come down from the hills and out of the jungle with
text: their haunted faces and pool-deep, sea-dark eyes, lugging
text: every ounce of booty they can carry and looking more like
text: Bowery scavengers than soldiers.
text: No sooner are they at their bivouac in a coconut grove by the
text: sea than they begin getting blind, crazy drunk. It is a wild
text: mass bacchanalian orgy that will go on for days.
speaker_heading: VOICES
dialog: Freedom! We won! We whipped their
dialog: ass! Hooooeee!
text: They are hardly down out of the trucks before the bottles,
text: left behind here by various men and catalogued carefully by
text: Storm, are out and being utilized. MacTae, the supply
text: sergeant, in an excess of guilty love, has pitched all of the
text: company's pyramidal tents and even set up the cots in them
text: complete with their blankets and mosquito bars. The kitchen
text: fly is up and the stoves are lighted. All the weary warriors
text: have to do is clamber down and start drinking seriously, as
text: soon as they can draw their marked bottles from Storm's
text: locked chests.
dialog: 159.
speaker_heading: BECKER
dialog: Avoid the sea. There's sharks out
dialog: there. In these islands they
dialog: worship the shark.
text: Bell sits alone while the others carouse, hunched over a
text: sheet of paper with a carpenter's pencil, writing a letter to
text: his wife. (Much of his letter may play against scenes of
text: Marty, back in the States, in Florida or perhaps in Hawaii.
text: He remembers the first time they saw each other, their first
dialog: touch or first kiss.)
speaker_heading: BELL (V.0.)
dialog: You're everything that's soft and
dialog: tender, Marty. I love you. You have
dialog: no edges. You're like the snow,
dialog: that comes down and makes
dialog: everything pure and bright and
dialog: clean. Everything dies on this
dialog: island, but everywhere you go they
dialog: live.
text: A soldier with a fiddle plays "Midnight on the water." The
text: cooks toss grenades into a stream and collect the fish that
text: bob to the surface. Storm then creates for the company such a
text: fish fry that it makes the more fragile-minded weep for home.
text: All of them are a bit mad. The combat numbness, with its
text: starry eyes, drawn faces and thousand-yard stare, has not yet
dialog: left them. Those who did not have the foresight to stock
text: whiskey away drink Aqua Velva mixed with canned grapefruit
text: juice from the kitchen supply.
text: By nightfall almost everybody has vomited one or more times.
text: Several men get down on their hands and knees, in the
text: moonlight shining tranquilly down into the coconut groves,
text: and bay at the moon like wolves or hounds. Another group of
text: ten or twelve take off all their clothing and, bareass nude,
text: run tripping and dancing across the open field beside the
text: bivouac to swim in the Matanikau in the moonlight. And there
text: are at least nine fist fights. When the KLAXONS sound later
text: on several men stumble into the wrong slit trenches, while
text: one actually dives into a latrine.
speaker_heading: BELL (V.O.)
dialog: You spread life and peace around
dialog: you. You come like the rain to
dialog: everything that's dry inside me and
dialog: like a starved root. You're the sky
dialog: and the clouds, you're what there
dialog: is beyond all this. You make my
dialog: blood sing, Marty. I don't see how
dialog: anything could keep me from you. I
dialog: go through the earth to you.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 160.
dialog: I touch yoBEii(bentd long as
dialog: you're with me, there's nothing I'm
dialog: afraid of.
scene_heading: INT. MAZZI'S TENT - DUSK
text: Inside Mazzi's tent everybody is busy knocking Lt. Band.
speaker_heading: KIRK
dialog: Fucking stupid fuck of a
dialog: lieutenant! Volunteered us! Taking
dialog: chances with us! Fucking with us!
dialog: You tellin' me he wasn't glad when
dialog: they relieved the Captain? He could
text: hardly keep from smiling. His mouth
dialog: was doin' like a worm.
speaker_heading: MAZZI
dialog: So tell him! what the fuck's the
dialog: good of sittin' around here yackin'
dialog: about it?
text: Carni, slack-faced with malarial fever, and the leader of the
text: little Greater New York group of hep guys, looks over at him
text: and asks in a voice hollow with fever and cynicism:
speaker_heading: CARNI
dialog: Why the hell don't you do it
dialog: yourself, then?
speaker_heading: TASSI
dialog: Yeah, why don't yah?
speaker_heading: KIRK
dialog: Yeah, why not? All's you got to
dialog: lose is that P-F-C you might get on
dialog: the next promotions list.
speaker_heading: MAZZI
dialog: (getting up drunkenly)
dialog: All right, by God I will.
text: He marches out of the tent and staggers through the coco
text: palms toward Band's HQ tent. The others follow him at a
text: distance, sniggering happily, content to let him take the
dialog: dangerous chance alone. All, that is, except Carni,' who
text: cannot get out of his bed.
scene_heading: EXT. BAND'S HQ TENT - DUSK
text: Despair, hatred and unredeemable misery rage in Mazzi's heart
text: after the humiliation of his rescue by Tills.
dialog: 161.
dialog: It had to be that fucking Tills! So far Tills has not told
dialog: anybody, but he might.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: (intercepting him)
dialog: You hated the Captain till they
dialog: sent him away. You said he didn't
dialog: know what he was doing.
speaker_heading: MAZZI
dialog: Fuck you.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: What're you going to Band for? You
dialog: wanta tell somebody off, why don't
dialog: you find the Colonel?
speaker_heading: KIRK
dialog: Watch out, Frankie! You could get
dialog: in trouble!
speaker_heading: MAZZI
dialog: Fuck it! I don't care one way or
dialog: the other. I don't fucking care.
dialog: Worse it is, the better!
dialog: (toward the tent)
dialog: Come out, you son of a bitch! I
dialog: said came out, shiteater! Come out
dialog: and find out what the men in your
dialog: outfit think of you, Band! You want
dialog: to know what we think of you? Glory
dialog: hunter! Come on, volunteer us for
dialog: somethin' else!
text: From Band's blacked-out tent just the faintest hint of light
text: creeps out to the waiting men outside. Inside the tent
text: nothing seems to move. Other men have begun to gather around
text: too now, their grinning teeth white in the bright moonlight
text: Aware of them, Mazzi rages on, marching back and forth and
text: swinging his skinny arms, compounding insult and profanity
dialog: with great artistry.
speaker_heading: MAZZI
dialog: You're a prick, Band! A schmuck!
dialog: C'mon out, I'll take you myself!
dialog: Everybody in this outfit hates your
dialog: guts! Did you know that! How does
dialog: it feel! How does it feel!
text: Finally the light in the tent goes out. Then the flap is
text: thrown back and Band stands in the doorway leaning on his
text: hand on the canvas. He sways ever so slightly, but says
text: nothing. Slowly the men begin to drift away awkwardly. The
text: fun is gone.
dialog: 162.
speaker_heading: MAZZI
dialog: You think that fucking hero helmet
dialog: means anything longside the good
dialog: dead men that are really dead?
speaker_heading: KIRK
dialog: Let's git back to some ser-yous
dialog: drinkin'. Come on, Frankie.
speaker_heading: MAZZI
dialog: And that's what we think of you! So
dialog: court-martial me!
text: He stalks off proudly. Band feels sick. To think he loved
dialog: them all like children! Mazzi's tight little Greater New York
text: clan congratulates him all the way back to the tents,
text: crowding around him to slap his back and shake his hand. Now
text: that Band's silent face is no longer before them, the fun has
dialog: come back.
speaker_heading: MAZZI
dialog: I sure got him told! I sure got him
dialog: told! And he never said one word
dialog: back!
text: Then suddenly he sees Tills's mocking, lip-lifting face
text: square in front of him and is startled into a new hollow
text: apathy. He tries to brave it out, chuckling hollowly to his
dialog: new satellite Carni.
speaker_heading: MAZZI
dialog: I sure got him told!
speaker_heading: CARNI
dialog: You sure did!
text: Tills spits brown out of the side of his grin.
speaker_heading: TILLS
dialog: You never got nobody tole nothin'.
dialog: Nothin' a tall. I know.
speaker_heading: MAZZI
dialog: Don't you tell no lies, Tills!
speaker_heading: TILLS
dialog: Lies? I'm only going to tell what I
dialog: know. When I feel like it, exactly
dialog: to the minute. That's the way it s
dialog: gonna be.
text: Tills smiles crookedly. Mazzi turns away in horror.
dialog: 163.
scene_heading: INT. WELSH'S TENT - DUSK
text: Welsh and Storm are drinking too, but they appear cold sober.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: Don't matter how much training
dialog: you've got, how careful you are,
dialog: it's a matter of luck whether or
dialog: not you get killed. It don't make
dialog: no difference who you are, how
dialog: tough a guy you might be, how much
dialog: you know -- if you re in the wrong
dialog: spot at the wrong time, you're
dialog: going to get it.
dialog: (heavily)
dialog: I don't care no more. I don't care
dialog: about nothing. First time I ever
dialog: felt this way.
text: He finds it very serious, almost a tragedy. Welsh's reaction
text: astonishes him.
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: Sounds like bliss.
dialog: (after a moment)
dialog: I don't really feel it yet. The
dialog: numbness. Not like the rest of you
dialog: do. Maybe I just knew what to
dialog: expect. Maybe I was frozen up
dialog: already. I know it's the only thing
dialog: that saves you.
dialog: (with his sly-eyed grin)
dialog: Maybe if you work on it, you can
dialog: make it a permanent state. I'm
dialog: going to try.
text: Storm looks up, like a sleepy, bait-wise sea turtle.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: Not me.
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: I like all this shit, Storm. I like
dialog: being shot at. Guess I'll just go
dialog: till I drop in my tracks or some
dialog: Jap gets me. They can bury me while
dialog: I laugh.
text: Welsh watches the insects crashing mindlessly against the
text: lantern that hangs from the centerpole. He starts to get up
text: and keels over on his face.
dialog: 164.
scene_heading: EXT. BIVOUAC - NIGHT
text: Somewhere in the midst of this great bacchanalian orgy Dol',
text: Fife and a few other men have stumbled into Queen. Queen is
text: raving -- drunk, miserable and alone.
speaker_heading: QUEEN
dialog: I shouldn't ought to have knocked
dialog: those boys' heads together. Did you
dialog: see how the Colonel looked at me?
dialog: Did you see? Maybe those boys
dialog: wasn’t the ones, personally, that
dialog: did the ball-cuttin'. what'll I do
dialog: now? Maybe they didn't know nothing
dialog: about it. Maybe they was against
dialog: it. Forgive me!
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: He was eatin’ mud before. He ate a
text: peck of dirt. He's gone.
text: Queen throws himself down in the mud and begins to weep
text: whimper and howl, biting his clenched knuckles and staring at
text: Doll and Fife with the wild eyes of a rabid animal, raving
text: half in incomprehensible gibberish, half in lucid phrases.
speaker_heading: OTHER MEN (0.S.)
dialog: Give him air. Don't get close to
dialog: him. Let him breathe. Don't shine
dialog: that light in his eyes!
speaker_heading: QUEEN
dialog: Forgive me! I done what I shouldn't
dialog: ought to have done. Some things you
dialog: can't take back! Help! Get away
dialog: from me! I don't belong with you!
text: He weeps and whimpers and goes on biting his knuckles
text: writhing as though in an epileptic fit. Looking in his eyes
text: Fife feels, more than yesterday in combat, the horror of war;
dialog: its power to poison the soul, its systematic reduction of men
dialog: to animals.
speaker_heading: QUEEN
dialog: Forgive me!
speaker_heading: OTHER MEN (0.S.)
dialog: Let him go! Stand back! What the
dialog: fuck kind of swipe was he drinkin'?
dialog: 165.
scene_heading: INT. DIVISION HOSPITAL - DUSK
text: Welsh comes to find himself in a small section of the
dialog: division hospital reserved for first three graders. Storm has
text: come to visit him and is smoking a cigar. The colored ticket
text: for evacuation is already attached to the foot of his bed.
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: So it was you that got me hauled up
dialog: here!
text: His crazy eyes glint with an insane feverishness. Storm
dialog: cannot tell whether it is the malaria or simply Welsh's
dialog: personality.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: Knock off, First Sarn't. Just be
dialog: quiet and they're going to ship you
dialog: out of here. You got malaria.
dialog: You're bein' evacuated.
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: You'll never get away with it.
dialog: You'll never beat me out of my job
dialog: Storm. I'm too smart! Anyway, you
dialog: may be okay in the kitchen --
dialog: you’ve got no head for
dialog: administration. I know you!
text: From down the aisle the frail young 2ND LT. DOCTOR who runs
text: the ward comes running with a wardboy.
scene_heading: 2ND LT. DOCTOR
dialog: Now you just take it easy,
dialog: Sergeant. You've got a temperature
dialog: of a hundred and five and two-
dialog: tenths.
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: You're in cahoots with him!
text: For answer the Lieutenant shoves him back on his pillow and
text: puts a thermometer in his mouth, at which point Welsh bites
text: the thermometer in two, throws it on the floor, leaps out of
text: bed and runs out the tent flap and back to his company.
dialog: 166.
scene_heading: EXT. AIRFIELD (SOUVENIR MARKET) - DAY
text: In the morning the whole of C-for-Charlie descends en masse
text: to the airfield, spreads out over the undamaged or least-
text: damaged areas of it, and begins bargaining with the Air
text: Corps, trading souvenirs for the Scotch that the flyers bring
dialog: in each day from Australia with the generals' supplies, the
dialog: milk, meat and cheese.
text: It is like a vast Arab souk, a thieves' market, and the
text: bidding is fierce. A silk battle flag, preferably
text: bloodstained, is worth at least three Imperial quarts. A
dialog: "Samurai saber" is always worth five. Money is practically
text: Meaningless to everyone except the airmen.
speaker_heading: BELL (V.0O.)
dialog: (with MUSIC)
dialog: The world seems crazy without you.
dialog: Away from you the world is unreal,
dialog: like a country you're leaving
dialog: forever and never coming back to.
dialog: (after a pause)
text: I look up in the leaves, I listen
dialog: to the crickets, I feel like
dialog: anything could be a sign from you.
dialog: When I'm with other people I feel
dialog: homesick for the mountain air I've
dialog: breathed with you. Loving you keeps
dialog: me pure.
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: We're like two trees that have
dialog: grown together -- like ivy ona
dialog: wall. Nothing means anything
dialog: without you.
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: Will peace ever come? I want to
dialog: stay changeless for you, Marty. You
dialog: get something twisted out of your
dialog: insides by all this filth and blood
dialog: and noise. Keep me through this
dialog: terror, Marty. Keep me through the
dialog: madness. Keep me through the blood.
dialog: Darling, hold me close tonight. I
dialog: love you.
scene_heading: EXT. DUSTY ROAD NEAR THE AIRFIELD - DAY
text: Drifting away bored, Fife sees Storm and Doll, Queen and a
text: few other men tramping down the dusty road toward Rear
dialog: Echelon HQ.
dialog: 167.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: Where you going?
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: We heard Captain Stein's around
dialog: here somewhere waiting to be
dialog: shipped out.
text: Fife decides to join them. Together they set out to pay their
dialog: respects to their company commander whom they once hated but
text: now admire, and to tell him goodbye.
scene_heading: INT. STEIN'S TENT - DAY
text: They find Stein at work in his tent sorting what few papers
text: he has. Their arrival takes him by surprise.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: Hello, Captain. When you leavin'?
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: Tomorrow. I'm going to New Zealand
dialog: by plane.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: How'd you find your bags? we
dialog: looked, we couldn't find ours.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: I spent the last three days hunting
dialog: them down. They gave me the use of
dialog: a jeep. I enjoyed driving around.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: You ready to go?
text: Doll seems to have taken it upon himself to speak for the
dialog: others.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: Whenever they tell me... I would
dialog: have come to visit you but I felt
dialog: like being alone.
text: He takes a bottle off the little camp table and offers them
text: all a drink. There is only one glass in the tent so they all
text: take it straight from the neck of the bottle. When Stein sees
text: how appreciative they are, he reaches into his bags and hauls
text: out the three bottles he intended to take with him on the
text: plane and gives them to them. Under the influence of the
text: liquor, they soon are all talking at once, all babbling away
text: together. Stein feels curiously detached.
dialog: 168.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: We want to thank you, sir, for
dialog: asking to make that flankin' move
dialog: and watching out for us -- for
dialog: keeping us together. We're sorry to
dialog: see you go. We feel like you got a
dialog: rotten deal.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: I'm not sure you're right. You
dialog: never know if you're doing any
dialog: good. That's the hard part. It
dialog: doesn't matter. I don't care. I'm
dialog: glad to be going.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: There's still time, we ought to all
dialog: go and make a protest --
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: What for? What good would it do?
dialog: Anyway I want to go. You wouldn't
dialog: want to take away my chances of
dialog: getting evacuated, would you?
text: "No," they chant in unison. For God's sake, they wouldn't
dialog: want to do that.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: Leave it alone. Let it lay.
dialog: Why should he want to stay? Everyone is dying to get out. It
text: is the only sane thing to want. And yet he knows there is
text: something he found here that he will never find back there.
text: He knows it, and they know it, though none of them could say
dialog: what it is.
speaker_heading: STEIN
dialog: Why should I care? Washington's
dialog: full of women. It's the big boom
dialog: town now. With my campaign ribbons
dialog: and medals, I ought to make out
dialog: pretty well. I could do worse.
text: Stein exchanges with Storm -- a look of secret knowledge.
dialog: Storm, like him, means to be one of those who lives if he
text: possibly can. And Storm, like him, does not feel at all
dialog: guilty.
dialog: 169.
scene_heading: EXT. STEIN'S TENT - DAY
text: When they have left Stein stands in the door of the tent and
text: watches them straggle off with their whiskey, unshaven,
text: dirty, still in the mud-slicked fatigues from the battle.
text: Later, when the planes come over, he sits quietly in the
text: dark, without any fear, and listens to the BOMBINGS.
scene_heading: EXT. BIVOUAC - DAY
text: At the bivouac the drinking starts before breakfast. They
text: crawl out of their net-covered cots and have a good stiff
text: dolt of Australian Scotch. Breakfast is the only roll call of
text: the day by order of Shorty Tall; after that they are on their
dialog: own.
scene_heading: EXT. BIVOUAC (MAIL CALL) - DAY
text: The men crowd wildly around Corporal Weld as he passes out
dialog: the mail. Those who have reason to fear their names might not
text: be called linger back in the shade of the palms, where they
dialog: do not risk embarrassment or awkward questions. Fife
dialog: considers Bell a lucky man.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: Six letters!
speaker_heading: BELL
dialog: That doesn't seem like so many.
dialog: She's got plenty of time to write.
text: Fife is feeling pretty cocky as the whiskey quietly grows
text: inside his splintered nerves. He has found out that he is
text: really much braver than he thought, and this gives him real
dialog: boy. It isn't so hard to be a real soldier after all.
text: With Jenks dead, Corporal Fife has become Sergeant Fife
text: leader of the 2nd Squad 3rd Platoon. He has saved at least
dialog: two of them once apiece and at least three of them have saved
text: him. He feels a fierce protective love for each and every one
dialog: of them. But there is one thing that still rankles him, and
dialog: that is the way that fucking son of a backbiting bitch Joe
text: Weld treated him in front of Welsh that day. Stealing his job
text: like a sneak thief. Then smiling at him that way.
dialog: 170.
scene_heading: EXT. HQ TENT - DAY
text: Joe Weld and Eddie Train, the stutterer whose lap Fife landed
text: in in terror, and the new kid Crown are sitting out drinking
text: with two of the cooks when Fife saunters up to them, mouth
text: pursed, tongue rubbing slowly over his teeth, his arms
dialog: dangling.
speaker_heading: WELD
dialog: Oh -- uh, hello there, Fife. We
dialog: were just --
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: Sergeant Fife to you, Corporal. And
dialog: don't ever call me anything else!
text: Weld looks startled for a moment. Then his look of startle
text: turns into a placating smile.
speaker_heading: WELD
dialog: Well, I guess you really earned the
dialog: title, Sergeant. The hard way. I
dialog: for one sure don't --
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: Don't ass-kiss me, you cheap fuck.
speaker_heading: WELD
dialog: Now. Now, see here.
dialog: (scrambling to his feet)
dialog: I never done...
text: He does not get to finish because Fife steps in and knocks
text: him down without a word -- without a sound, in fact, except
text: for the smack of his fist on the cheekbone.
speaker_heading: WELD
dialog: Hey! Hey! I was just sitting here
dialog: drinking and talking and minding my
dialog: own business.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: Get up, cheap fuck! Get up, job
dialog: stealer! Get up, and I'll knock you
text: down again.
text: First nearby, then further off, he hears uncaringly the happy
text: cries of "Fight! Fight!" and the SOUND of men's feet running.
speaker_heading: WELD
dialog: I don't want to fight you. I didn't
dialog: steal your job.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 171.
dialog: It was WelslELa(carided me corporal.
dialog: Nobody knew you was coming back. I
dialog: don’t want to fight you, Fife.
dialog: (repeating it slyly)
dialog: I just want --
text: He doesn't finish. Instead, he makes a wild, lunging leap for
text: Fife's middle, to grapple. It doesn't succeed. Joyously, Fife
text: steps in again and left-hooks him. This time it is more
text: accurate, and on the jaw. It sends Weld rolling away wildly
text: to the ground, where he props himself on his elbows, shaking
text: his head. When he rolls over to sit up, Fife dives on him.
text: It is as though a sudden scrambled lightning bolt of happy
text: maleness and joyous masculinity has g lit Fife's skull,
text: blinding him with glory. On top of the groggy Weld on the
text: ground, he cuffs and pummels. Growling and cursing high in
text: his throat and crying "Job stealer!" over and over, he
text: punches with both fists and total abandon at the face below
text: him. Finally they pull him off of him.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: Lemme go!
text: Somebody helps Weld up. His nose is broken and bleeding. Both
text: eyes are puffed almost shut.
text: Blood runs from his mouth between his broken lips and he
text: looks bewildered.
text: Fife, standing unheld now and in command of himself again,
text: though breathing hard, stares at him feeling both happiness
text: and consternation at the destruction he has caused. He is
text: proud of himself, but he hasn't really meant to hurt anyone.
text: Train and Crown take the swaying Weld by the arms to lead him
dialog: away .
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: Hey! Hey! Don't do that! Don't go!
dialog: Let's have a drink. No hard
dialog: feelings!
text: Fife marvels at how frail and hollow he seems, this man who
text: once stirred such a sinking fear in him. From ten yards away
text: Weld stops and looks back at him. He is weeping and at the
text: same time trying not to. He seems to be searching his fuddled
text: head for the very worst thing he can think of to call Fife.
speaker_heading: WELD
dialog: You -- You clerk!
dialog: 172.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: Okay. Be a jerk!
dialog: (turning to the two cooks)
dialog: Either of you guys want some?
text: He grins at them. Both of them, though they are bigger than
text: Fife, shake their heads in silence. Fife walks along rubbing
text: his bruised hands. Around them the men are beginning to
text: disperse now that it is over.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: Did you hear that? He called you a
dialog: clerk. What he is. You showed the
dialog: fucker.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: Leave me alone.
text: Fife's eyes flash with anger; he does not wish to be
text: congratulated. Doll does not take offense but, with a
text: delicate nod, lets the subject drop. He sees Fife is limping.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: What's the matter?
text: Just then a MESSENGER comes up from Rear Echelon, gasping for
dialog: breath.
speaker_heading: MESSENGER
dialog: Col. Tall's been promoted. They're
text: shipping him out. Gaff and Lt. Band
dialog: too. The whole lot of them. We're
dialog: going back up!
scene_heading: EXT. PALM GROVE - DAY
text: Down in the palm grove Col. Tall talks with a small group of
text: newsmen. He has somehow come into possession of a jewel-
text: encrusted Samurai sword and carries it under his arm in place
text: of the baton. Captain Gaff and Lt. Band are with him, each
text: with his personal baggage. A jeep waits nearby, and a movie
text: camera records the scene.
speaker_heading: COL. TALL
dialog: (smiling broadly)
dialog: Of course I'm glad of the
dialog: promotion. But it will be painful
dialog: to leave these men. I feel they're
dialog: in good hands, though. They've been
text: bloodied. They've tasted victory.
dialog: 173.
text: A group of C-for-Charlie men watch from a distance. While
text: they are fond of Captain Gaff, his departure to glory -- word
text: is out he will be put up for the Medal of Honor -- leaves
text: them with a certain bitterness.
text: As for Old Shorty, who, after all, is being promoted because
dialog: of their shed blood, nobody really cares very much that he is
text: leaving. They aren't even watching as he is driven off.
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE ROAD (A MONTH LATER) - DAY
text: The scene shifts to the jungle again. A solitary figure humps
text: along under his combat pack with slung rifle and bandoliers,
text: thin and frail-looking, his head sunk deep into his helmet
text: shell. Storm, from his stove, sees the single figure coming
text: up the road.
scene_heading: EXT. STORM'S MESS TENT - DAY
text: Storm shakes Witt's hand fervently. From beneath the helmet,
text: in shadow, Witt's hard implacable eyes peer out like the eyes
text: of some ferret-like animal. They have not seen each other in
dialog: over a month.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: Let me give you some food. You look
text: hungry, Witt.
text: Storm serves him all the fried Spam, dehydrated mashed
text: potatoes, and stewed, dehydrated apples his small belly can
text: hold. Then he breaks out an Imperial quart.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: How’d you find us? What the hell
dialog: are you doing up here? Like this?
dialog: All by yourself.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: I'm headin' back to the comp'ny.
text: He wipes his mouth with the back of his hand.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: You're what?!
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: (with a grin)
dialog: Going back. Shorty Tall got
dialog: promoted.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: You must be out of your mind.
dialog: 174.
text: Witt's eyes turn slowly in their sockets to stare at him.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: No, I ain't.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: In the first place nobody knows
dialog: where they are. They're way to hell
dialog: and gone off on their own
dialog: someplace.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: I can find them. Somebody's got to
dialog: know.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: You must be off your rocker.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: Why? It's the comp'ny, ain't it?
dialog: Tail's promoted, ain't he?
text: He looks straight at Storm out of his black Kentucky eyes.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: Have a nuther drink.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: Thank you, I will. It's good to see
dialog: you, Stormy. What are you doin’ up
dialog: here feeding all these strangers?
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: I tried to catch up to the comp'ny,
dialog: but we missed them. Couldn't go any
dialog: further -- and these guys was here.
dialog: I figured I might as well feed
dialog: somebody.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: Well, I guess it's a good deed. It
dialog: was good for me, anyway. I been
dialog: hiking three days.
text: Storm looks around the ridge and shrugs again.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: Angh, for two cents I'd go with
dialog: you.
dialog: 175.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: Come on along.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: I don't know what these dumbasses
dialog: would do if they didn't have me
dialog: around to take care of them.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: We'd have some fun.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: The truth is, I don't like to get
dialog: shot at.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: Ever body to his own taste. I thin
dialog: I like it. But honestly, I wouldn't
dialog: be doin’ this if it wasn't the old
dialog: comp’ny.
text: Storm looks at him skeptically but lets it pass, and Witt
text: sets out again, well aware of the effect his odyssey is
dialog: creating.
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLES
text: Witt shakes Storm's hand a final time. He has lingered to
dialog: have a couple more drinks.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: We're going to find out after this
dialog: war is over what we fought for, if
dialog: it was for freedom or so's a bunch
dialog: of people could get rich and ruin
dialog: the country and never call things
dialog: by their rightful names. Yessir!
dialog: (taking Storm by the
dialog: shoulder )
dialog: Like my Aunt Kay says, the fat hogs
dialog: have got loose in the creek and
dialog: tromped everything up. That's
dialog: what's happened.
dialog: (spitting)
dialog: We worked to build this country.
dialog: They stole what we built and messed
dialog: up what was there to begin with,
dialog: belonged to everybody. The big
dialog: companies have got control of our
dialog: work, our pay, our bank deposits
dialog: our public lands and our govment.
dialog: They've dug holes.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 176.
dialog: We're dumb Wad Titepninidians. American
dialog: democracy's been bombed. We're
dialog: living in the ruins. Them that
dialog: comes after is going to have to be
dialog: content with what we spoiled.
dialog: (his voice grows thick)
dialog: You ever had a garden? They're
text: pulling up the young plants and
dialog: watering the weeds! People don't
dialog: see what's happening. They got ways
dialog: of keeping it secret. But I seen
dialog: it, easy as falling off a log. They
dialog: don't fool me. No, sir! I paid the
dialog: price, and I seen the show.
text: Who is closer to the truth -- Welsh, with his disillusioned
dialog: view of things (which Storm and, in varying degrees, the rest
dialog: of the company share) or Witt, with his idealism?
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: They fooled you plenty. What're you
dialog: going up there for? I can see doing
dialog: it because they make you. But ready
dialog: and willing!
text: Witt is not sure what Storm is driving at, or why suddenly he
dialog: has taken this new tone. A moment ago they were the best of
dialog: friends.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: Company don't care about you.
dialog: Company's just a shell. A hotel.
dialog: People come and go. You going to
dialog: get shot at for a hotel? After
dialog: you're gone, they're going to have
dialog: other guests. You don't owe them
dialog: nothin’. You believe in somethin'
dialog: that don't believe in you.
text: Witt wonders if Storm is insulting him. He brought it on him-
dialog: self, though, didn't he? He won't make the same mistake
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: I made a mistake getting into this
dialog: discussion.
text: He gives Storm back his jar of liquor, turns and walks off.
speaker_heading: STORM
dialog: Boy, they're just playing you like
dialog: a fiddle in a band. You're just the
dialog: kind they like to get.
dialog: (as Witt continues on)
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 177.
dialog: They don't SGDRM(castti'td About you!
dialog: Don't even know that you exist.
dialog: They're going to eat you up and
dialog: have you for dinner.
dialog: (shouting after him)
dialog: Jackass! Briar! And fuck your Aunt
dialog: Kay!
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: c (te himself, spitting)
dialog: ook!
text: Witt goes off in solitary splendor toward the line. Storm
text: watches until he disappears from sight, then kissing his
text: wounded hand and laughing with delight, he does a little jig.
text: A long column of troops winds through the grassy field ahead
text: of Witt. Trucks, jeeps, a tank. He catches a ride on a truck.
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE (MOWBRAY/GUADALCANAL )- DAY
text: Witt is walking down a road through the jungle, humming to
text: himself, when he hears the SNAP of a spent bullet in leaves
text: overhead. He stops and looks up. There is the faint, angry
text: WHIRR of a second bullet. He looks up and down. He is quite
text: alone here, exposed and vulnerable.
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE (OTHER ANGLES) - DAY
text: He sees a group of flying foxes, stirring uneasily in their
text: roost. He sees a stranger fig, choking the life out of a tall
text: hardwood. The grass about him throbs with CRICKETS. He feels
text: the cold presence of fear, like someone standing behind him.
text: He could still turn back. His eyes glisten. Now MUSIC comes
text: in, like a call of summoning love.
text: Further up the road he encounters a Marine SNIPER.
scene_heading: EXT. COPRA PLANTATION - DAY
text: C-for-Charlie is camped by an abandoned copra plantation. A
text: sentry hears a rock HUM past him and, startled, FIRES off a
text: couple of wild rounds. He stops when he hears himself hailed
text: form the jungle in a strong Kentucky accent.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: Charlie Comp'ny! Charlie Comp'ny!
dialog: Hold yore fahr! It's witt!
dialog: (with sly humor)
dialog: Acting P-F-C Witt! Of Cannon
dialog: Comp'ny!
dialog: 178.
text: Fife looks up. Other heads snap around. They see it is indeed
text: Witt. He has trekked all the way up to the line to find them.
text: There is a great deal of backslapping, laughter and
text: handshaking. Everybody is overjoyed to see him, to know that
dialog: he would search them out like this just to be with them. They
text: show him their new mascot: a cuscus.
text: Welsh and Witt have a conversation here.
scene_heading: EXT. PLANTATION VERANDA - DAY
text: Fife goes up to Witt and smiles. Squinting his eyes and
text: putting his head a little to one side and grinning, he says:
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: Hello, Witt. Or are you still not
dialog: speakin’ to me?
text: Witt grins back. He seems to sense some change he likes. They
text: are alone on the plantation's dusty veranda. Chairs and
text: tables surround them, with other vestiges of some domestic
text: life before the war: a home, destroyed.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: No. I guess I'm talking to you now.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: Because if you're not, I thought we
dialog: might as well have it out right
dialog: here and now.
text: Fife grins. Witt nods, still grinning. Apparently he has
dialog: heard about Fife's new fighting prowess.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: Well, we could do that. I still
dialog: think I could take you. But you got
dialog: a pretty good right hand from what
dialog: I hear. If you tagged me with that
dialog: right hand, you might could whup
dialog: me. Awys pervaded I couldn't keep
text: away from it, a course.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: There ain't really no need though --
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: -- now. Since you're talking to me.
dialog: Is there?
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: Not really.
dialog: 179.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: What do you say we have a slug of
dialog: swipe instead?
text: They laugh and shake hands, friends again. Fife's eyes sting
text: with tears of gratitude.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: Been a long time since we had a
dialog: talk -- hadn't it? What's the new
dialog: commander like?
scene_heading: EXT. COPRA PLANTATION - DAY
text: Witt looks at the other men, in the same ecstasy of loving
dialog: comradeship that he felt for Capt. Stein the afternoon of
text: their assault on the Japanese bivouac. The CAMERA, FOLLOWING
text: his gaze, lingers on them, admiring them one by one. Little
text: do they suspect how they are gathered in the Kentuckian's
text: heart -- even Welsh, who stares at him in a mixture of
text: amusement and scorn.
text: He listens as a young NEWCOMER dictates a letter to a friend.
speaker_heading: NEWCOMER
dialog: She don't know I can't write, but
dialog: she knows I can't write good, so
dialog: throw in some mistakes.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. KENTUCKY FARMS AND FIELDS - DAY
text: Witt, in what must be vision, sees the farms and valleys of
text: Kentucky -- people are going about their work, raking hay and
text: putting it up in barns -- a land of peace and truth, bright
text: with an unearthly light.
text: A woman appears. Gracious, noble, she looks out on those
text: scenes, a smile on her lips. She might be some individual
text: whom Witt has known; his sister or mother. She is all that is
text: not strife or war or senseless death. She is peace, she is
dialog: hope.
speaker_heading: SHARP CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT COPRA PLANTATION - DAY
text: A Japanese mortar BURSTS overhead. Fife quakes with horror.
dialog: 180.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Not my legs! Not my legs!
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: Check your ammo!
text: C-for-Charlie cringes under a fierce counterattack. The
text: Japanese heavy mortars are lobbing in treebursts, and there
text: is nowhere to hide. From time to time a man rises up to draw
text: a piece of coconut tree from his flesh; the fragments are
text: thrown down from above with the force of the shrapnel itself
text: and finally do more damage.
text: Animals rush through the trees and across the tangled bungle
text: floor, as though fleeing a fire. Cockatoos, lorikeets. The
text: afternoon air sparkles with shredded vegetation. This new
text: battle is fiercer, more horrible and confused than the first.
dialog: (To convey the men's heightened sense of fear we shift for a
text: brief while from 35mm to 65mm film stock.)
scene_heading: EXT. COPRA PLANTATION - DAY
text: Fife claws the ground. All the confidence has gone out of
text: him; he is right back where he started. It takes every ounce
dialog: of courage he can muster not to break and run, just to stick
text: it out. He can do it and he does, but it costs him more than
text: it does the others, like Doll or Bell. He has to work harder
text: at it. It seems he isn't what he thought he was. Courage will
dialog: never be a possession with him.
text: Doll orders his squad around. The inexperienced men flinch
text: and gasp at each BURST from the mortars.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: We clot it and it's here. There
dialog: ain’t a fucking thing we can do
dialog: about it... Lock and load!
text: Fife watches him, amazed. Since his experience at the bunker,
text: a new sense of paternal responsibility has blossomed in Doll.
scene_heading: EXT. COPRA PLANTATION - DAY
text: The company's sparrow-mouthed, long-nosed NEW LIEUTENANT
text: gives the phone back to Corporal Weld. Neither he nor anyone
text: else seems to have the least idea where the enemy is or what
text: is going or. Half a dozen men from another unit flee past
text: them, some without their helmets. They say nothing to C-for-
text: Charlie -- merely glance at them with great white eyes, and
dialog: pass on.
dialog: 181.
scene_heading: NEW LIEUTENANT
dialog: Somebody -- the commander says
dialog: somebody needs to go up there --
text: Beyond the plantation a red clay road runs straight off
text: through the jungle. One or two men crane their heads to look
dialog: up it.
scene_heading: NEW LIEUTENANT
dialog: (wondering if they heard
dialog: him)
dialog: Somebody needs to go forward and
dialog: find out how close they are. We
dialog: need to block that road. Till they
dialog: can send more people up.
speaker_heading: BELL
dialog: We need to get out of here, sir
dialog: Right now. Did you explain the
dialog: situation to him? Does he know
dialog: where we are? We're sittin’ ducks
dialog: out here.
text: The Lieutenant tries to get battalion HQ on the phone again,
text: but now the line is dead.
speaker_heading: WELD
text: They cut the line.
scene_heading: NEW LIEUTENANT
dialog: (very shaken)
dialog: Volunteers. I need volunteers.
text: The men look at each other. Those who came forward before --
text: Doll, Dale, Queen, Bell -- lie paralyzed today.
text: Witt studies the deserted road ahead. He knows that whoever
dialog: goes up there is likely never to come back.
speaker_heading: NEWCOMER (0.S.)
dialog: I'll go.
text: Witt turns. A NEWCOMER has spoken up, a green recruit like
text: Bead, a stranger to them all. Now Witt recognizes him as the
text: man he heard dictating the letter the night before. MUSIC
text: enters.
text: The stranger quakes all over, astonished at himself. witt
text: frowns. He turns and looks at the others. His brothers! Again
text: it comes to him; the hotly joyous, almost sexual enjoyment
dialog: and acceptance; the joy of not caring anymore.
dialog: 182.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: Sir, I've had more experience than
dialog: that man.
text: The others look in amazement as Witt crawls over to the
dialog: Lieutenant.
scene_heading: NEW LIEUTENANT
dialog: I haven't seen you around before.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: I want you to know I think the
dialog: whole thing's a bad idea, though.
dialog: If they come through there in any
dialog: strength, Lootenant, they're going
dialog: to knock your roadblock to hell and
dialog: flinders even if we was a whole
dialog: platoon. We couldn't hold them. But
dialog: I want to go.
text: The Lieutenant shares the other men's astonishment.
scene_heading: NEW LIEUTENANT
dialog: You don't have to go, private. If
dialog: you don't want to. Others will
dialog: volunteer.
dialog: Besides the young stranger, no one else has; they all know
dialog: it. And Witt can still get out.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: No -- I want to go, sir. If
dialog: somethin’ bad happens, I want to be
dialog: there so maybe I can help. Besides
dialog: nothin’ bad may happen at all.
speaker_heading: COOMBS
dialog: I'll go with Witt, Lieutenant.
text: Coombs looks at Witt as though he thought this way they might
text: have a chance to talk. The long-nosed New Lieutenant nods.
scene_heading: NEW LIEUTENANT
dialog: You'll need another man.
text: He looks around. Again there are no volunteers. Fife has no
text: intention of sticking his neck out, but when Witt's glance
text: accidentally crosses his, he suddenly speaks up.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: I'll go.
dialog: 183.
text: The words are out of his mouth before he knows it. Witt
text: frowns. (Cover Welsh’s reactions as well.)
scene_heading: NEW LIEUTENANT
dialog: Be careful, Witt.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: Witt gets his orders. He listens, then goes off witha
text: cheerful air that the other men find incomprehensible. Coombs
text: follows, then Fife. None of them looks back
text: The young man who volunteered, when he understands the look
text: in the other men's eyes, is glad his offer was not accepted
dialog: and that he did not renew it, however embarrassing his
dialog: failure to do so might be. Nor does it trouble him that two
text: other men are going in his place.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERTED ROAD - DAY
text: The three volunteers make their way forward.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: You never know when to keep your
text: mouth shut.
text: Witt studies the road ahead from the position they have taken
text: up alongside it. Fife trembles. He wants to weep, but he is
text: afraid to. Everything is going so fast, so far. For a moment
text: nothing happens. Then, ominously, the mortars fall silent.
text: Fife feels it again -- the cold, empty fear -- like a hollow,
text: a void, where his confidence once lay his pleasure in
text: himself. It makes him feel sick. And it stays with him.
text: Witt looks around. A NOISE in the undergrowth on their right
text: barely perceptible at first, gradually grows more distinct.
text: Coombs peers forward, alarmed by a FAINT CRY. Ignoring Fife,
text: he looks at Witt only. Witt says nothing.
text: Coombs raises his head again. The concussion of a late mortar
text: round sends him reeling.
text: All at once, fifty yards ahead of them, they see a whole
text: battalion of Japanese soldiers materialize from the tree
dialog: line.
dialog: 184.
text: Hundreds of fresh troops appear, camouflaged with the
text: branches of trees and bushes -- nothing like the gaunt,
text: starving, poorly-equipped figures C-for-Charlie has
text: encountered prior to now. The American soldiers look more
text: emaciated than the Japanese do.
text: Witt sees they have no chance of getting back together. Calm
text: and with a curious air of concentration, he turns to Fife.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: Go back. Tell them what we saw. Say
text: they're coming up right behind the
text: mortars. Battalion strength.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: Why me? Let's both go.
text: Witt thinks about it for a moment. The Japanese advance
text: quickly, silently; this will be a surprise attack.
speaker_heading: WITT
dialog: There's no time. You go. Tell that
dialog: new lieutenant to get everybody
dialog: back. Tell him they got heavy
dialog: machine guns. Tell him, where he's
dialog: sittin’ right now, they'll eat him
dialog: up. I'll hold them off.
text: Witt nods. There is still the same odd, cheerful air about
text: him. Fife gives him a little salute, and then he leaves.
text: Coombs is dying, and he knows it. He turns to Witt.
speaker_heading: COOMBS
dialog: Geez, I never felt like this before
dialog: at all. What you guess it could be
dialog: from, like this? No bullets, no
text: blood. Just around my chest it's so
dialog: hard to breathe. Hold me, would
dialog: you. Let me look at you? Till the
dialog: end? Till it's over?
text: As Witt watches the Japanese approach, he begins to hear the
text: same MUSIC which came to him on the road as he was headed up
text: to the line; the same mysterious summons of fraternal
dialog: devotion. This is the fulfillment he has prepared himself
dialog: for.
scene_heading: EXT. COPRA PLANTATION - DAY
text: Fife runs like a desperate man, breaking a way through the
text: branches with his rifle, until he reaches the company.
dialog: 185.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: Go back! Get back! Quick!
scene_heading: EXT. DESERTED ROAD - DAY
text: Witt waits until the Japanese are practically on top of him
text: before he OPENS FIRE. They are caught by surprise. Clearly
text: they had not expected to meet resistance so soon. A small
text: Japanese soldier with a .31 Caliber machine gun strapped to
text: his back advances toward him. He cannot reach back and fire
text: the gun himself; his job is merely to serve as a tripod for
text: it. Seeing Witt, he throws himself on the ground and digs in
text: like a badger. Other Japanese soldiers dash forward to
text: squeeze the trigger. One by one Witt shoots them down;
text: quickly, decisively, with daring and skill. Soon mortar
text: rounds begin to fall among the enemy soldiers. He looks back
text: over his shoulder. Perhaps Fife has reported their position;
dialog: perhaps the Japanese will stop and he'll get out of this.
scene_heading: EXT. COPRA PLANTATION - DAY
text: Several hundred yards away the men of C-for-Charlie listen in
text: bewilderment as they pull back.
scene_heading: MEN OF C-FOR-CHARLIE
dialog: Why don't he come back? Where's
dialog: Coombs? I just hear one gun. What's
dialog: happening? Why can't we go back?
dialog: Why can't we help him?
text: They glance at the new man, whose life has been spared.
speaker_heading: WELD
dialog: The line's fixed, sir.
scene_heading: NEW LIEUTENANT
dialog: (shouting into the phone)
dialog: Fire mission. Grid Five Mike One
dialog: Niner. Enemy in the open. Danger
dialog: close.
text: Welsh is the last to fall back. He looks in Witt's direction.
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: Fool!
scene_heading: EXT. DESERTED ROAD - DAY
text: Witt darts up and down the Japanese line of advance, FIRING
text: until he runs out of ammunition.
dialog: 186.
text: While he is reloading a YOUNG JAPANESE, almost a boy, runs
text: forward and grasps the machine gun's trigger. The man who is
text: flattened beneath it rises from the ground, twitching his
text: shoulders left and right to make the fire traverse.
text: Witt dodges through the trees. The BULLETS shriek and hum as
text: they pass. From time to time he drops to the ground, hiding,
text: cunning and crafty, like a jungle animal.
text: The human tripod vats up and follows him quickly, with the
text: triggerman close behind.
speaker_heading: YOUNG JAPANESE
dialog: Slendull! Slendull, soju!
dialog: Witt does not move. To give your life gladly! To lay down
dialog: your life for your friends!
text: The Japanese soldiers come up, surrounding him. There is no
text: chance he can escape now. When they are nearly on top of him
text: he lunges out at them, and they SHOOT him down.
scene_heading: EXT. COPRA PLANTATION - DAY
text: Fife listens, numb with terror, as American artillery rounds
text: SCREAM overhead. His grimy face is streaked with tears.
text: Before him on the ground lies a perfect seashell.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERTED ROAD - DAY
text: An abrupt silence announces that the battle is over. Witt
text: lies beside a Japanese soldier.
scene_heading: MEN OF C-FOR-CHARLIE (0.S.)
dialog: He might of got away. Look over
dialog: there.
text: They draw closer to Witt's body.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERTED ROAD - DAY
text: Fife, Bell, Welsh, Queen and Doll are gathered under the
text: spell of their comrade's death. Fife feels tie with them all.
text: Even with Charlie Dale. Even with the slain Japanese who lie
text: here and there like shoeless, sleeping children. It is as
text: though he had died himself and were watching the scene like a
text: ghost, from the other side.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: You're not alone. Can you hear me?
dialog: 187.
text: He sits with his friend and holds his hand and does not utter
text: another word. He looks intently into the dead face. At last
text: he puts Witt's hand down and walks away, alone.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERTED ROAD - DAY
text: Now Welsh is standing over the dead man.
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: Where's your pride now?
text: (he turns to a medic)
dialog: Bury that soldier.
scene_heading: EXT. WITT'S GRAVE - DAY
text: Witt is buried at the edge of the straight red road. They dam
text: his rifle in the ground, set his helmet on it and tie a
text: dogtag to the triggerguard. Fife's terror passes gradually
text: over into a longing for life and peace. The sun gleams
text: through the trees overhead, through the wild bananas and huge
text: looping lianas.
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE - DAY
text: Fife is walking to morning chow with Bell when he turns his
text: ankle on a half-dried rut in the road and goes down with a
dialog: thud.
speaker_heading: BELL
dialog: You all right?
text: He has to hop along to take the weight off the inured ankle,
text: resting his hand from time to time on Bell s shoulder. The
text: pain is exquisite. MacTae, the supply sergeant, comes up.
speaker_heading: MACTAE
dialog: You're white as a sheet! What the
dialog: hell happened to you there?
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: I stepped on it wrong.
speaker_heading: MACTAE
dialog: You been to the medics with it? No?
dialog: Really? You're out of your
dialog: everlovin’ mind! You can get
dialog: evacuated on that.
dialog: (excitedly)
dialog: I know guys w yo got shipped out on
dialog: a lot less than that.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 188.
dialog: Let the do@ACGHE (ontshdw it to
text: them up at Division.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: What if they turn me down?
speaker_heading: MACTAE
dialog: What have you got to lose? You
dialog: won't be any worse off than you are
dialog: now, will you?
dialog: But Fife feels there is something else, a serious moral
dialog: problem.
speaker_heading: MACTAE
dialog: Are you kidding? Man, if I had
dialog: somethin' like that, I'd be up
dialog: there like a shot! Trouble with me,
dialog: I'm so fucking healthy I ain't
dialog: never gonna get myself shipped out!
text: Fife looks at Bell. He seems to want one of them to tell him
text: that he should stay, but they cannot think of a reason to.
speaker_heading: MACTAE
dialog: I wouldn't hesitate a second... If
dialog: it's as bad as what I just saw, it
dialog: could get you out of here. If it's
dialog: as bad as what I saw, you got no
dialog: business in the infantry.
scene_heading: EXT. COMPANY AREA - DAY
text: A detachment of Japanese prisoners is passing by when
text: suddenly Queen steps out in front of them. The guards look at
text: one another, uncertain what they should do. None is bold
dialog: enough to challenge the huge veteran.
text: Queen stares into the face of one of the prisoners, a man
text: half his size. The Japanese is dazed and exhausted. He looks
dialog: out at
dialog: (Page 178 of the original missing)
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: Well, if it will help it, sir -- I
dialog: guess I am.
text: Haines shrugs, and again his eyes glint. He turns to the
dialog: orderly.
speaker_heading: Doc HAINES
dialog: Admit this man for evacuation.
dialog: 189.
text: Fife is afraid to believe it, lest something happen to change
text: it. Just like that. Just like that, and he is out. Out! Out!
text: Why does he suddenly feel so guilty, so alone?
text: The evacuation order is si calls and stamped. As he is going
text: out the flap Doc Haines calls out to him.
speaker_heading: Doc HAINES
dialog: You're a sergeant now, I see. You
dialog: were a corporal before, weren't
dialog: you?
text: Fife nods.
scene_heading: EXT. EXAMINING TENT - DAY
text: Outside the tent Bell slaps him on the back. Fife tries to
text: look joyful -- Bell seems to expect it -- but somehow he
text: cannot. Things are going so fast. Already a new destiny is
text: upon him.
scene_heading: EXT. SUPPLY AREA - DAY
text: Fife and Bell sit on a packing crate in a supply area.
speaker_heading: BELL
dialog: How can you even think twice about
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: I got my squad. They depend on me.
dialog: I don't want to let them down. They
dialog: never let me down.
speaker_heading: BELL
dialog: They'd all tell you to go. They'd
dialog: tell you to get as far from this
dialog: Rock as you possibly could. what do
dialog: you want to stay for? Everybody's
dialog: using every loophole they can think
dialog: of. You've got it made. Get out.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: This is the first time in my life I
dialog: ever belonged to something -- where
dialog: I had a place, a real job.
text: Bell nods. MUSIC enters.
dialog: 190.
speaker_heading: BELL
dialog: You think you’re going to keep up
dialog: with each other, but after a while
dialog: you don't. Maybe you get a
dialog: Christmas card now and then. After
text: a while it stops.
text: Faintly and far away, the KLAXONS start up, signalling the
text: approach of the evening air raid. Neither of them gives any
text: thought to seeking cover, or even looks up.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: I was afraid up there. It was as
dialog: bad as ever. I was lying there and
dialog: those treebursts were coming in --
dialog: I thought I wasn't going to get up.
dialog: I thought they were going to have
dialog: to send the MPs after me.
dialog: (looking off)
dialog: I thought I'd licked it. Once and
dialog: for all. That I wouldn't be afraid
dialog: n more. It's going to keep coming
dialog: back. I'm going to have to fight it
dialog: every day of my life.
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: I don't want to run from a fight.
dialog: Only thing, I still want to have a
dialog: wife and kids... Witt was my best
dialog: friend.
speaker_heading: BELL
dialog: You make other friends.
text: Fife feels a sudden love of home, a greed for life and
text: deliverance. He does not want to go back broken and burned
dialog: out. He loves the Army. But he hates it too -- the corrupt
text: ignorant, monotonous rut that everybody is in, the
text: indignities they all must suffer -- the sick green horror of
dialog: war most of all.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: If I go back I'm finished. I'll go
dialog: over the hill or go crazy, one.
speaker_heading: BELL
dialog: Maybe you're not a soldier.
text: Bell looks at Fife and smiles.
dialog: 191.
scene_heading: EXT. SHORE - DAY
text: Fife walks along the shore, alone. Crabs scuttle back and
text: forth on the seething wet sand. He sees the broken shells,
text: the wavy lines of wrack, a germinating coconut. Is life like
text: the sea, brutal and relentless? Does it know, or care, whom
dialog: it smashes on the rocks?
scene_heading: EXT. HQ AREA (MAIL CALL)- DAY
text: At mail call Bell gets the letter he has been waiting for
text: from his wife. They have just broken off for noon chow, and
text: Corporal Weld has come around with a batch of new mail. When
text: he opens it and sees how it begins, he knows what it is. She
text: has been doing it. She's been doing it. He feels sick all
text: over. His legs are shaky and his hands and arms are shaky. He
text: sits down on a coco palm log.
text: Doll sees him and comes to his side. MUSIC enters.
speaker_heading: BELL
dialog: She wants a divorce. To marry him.
text: She says she's fallen in love and
dialog: she wants that love while she can
dialog: have it. She's asking my
dialog: forgiveness.
dialog: (tapping the letter)
dialog: It's all so calm and proper. You
dialog: could show it to your mother.
dialog: (after a silence)
dialog: She says it like she was going out
dialog: to buy a new dress!
text: Trucks of new replacements are coming in. The green men study
text: the veterans of C-for-Charlie with open-mouthed awe.
scene_heading: INT. HQ TENT - DAY
text: Bell has come with the letter to CAPTAIN BOSCHE, the new
text: company commander. They are alone. The reaction he gets from
text: Bosche is astonishing, even to him in his state of despair
text: As he reads, the Captain's hands begin to shake until the
text: letter rattles. His face becomes as white as a sheet of his
text: own memo paper with a rage so great that it seems to bunch
text: his hard round little face into a tight little ball. Somehow
text: Bosche gets command of himself again.
scene_heading: CAPT. BOSCHE
dialog: You know, of course, that you do
dialog: not have to accede to this request.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 192.
scene_heading: Your wife €ayPTt. RASCHEiGerted dr
dialog: separation without your official
dialog: permission.
dialog: (as Bell nods)
text: Something else. With a letter like
dialog: this in your possession, you have
dialog: the right to stop all allotments
dialog: all payments, all government
dialog: insurance policies.
speaker_heading: BELL
dialog: (tiredly)
dialog: I want to give it to her. I wanted
dialog: to ask you if you'd draft an
dialog: official letter from you for me,
dialog: giving her the permission.
scene_heading: CAPT. BOSCHE
dialog: I don't understand. Why do you want
dialog: to do that?
speaker_heading: BELL
dialog: Well, I guess it's just that what's
dialog: the point of being married to a
dialog: woman who doesn't want to be
dialog: married to you?
text: Captain Bosche's eyes have narrowed to slits, and with them
text: he stares at Bell profoundly.
scene_heading: CAPT. BOSCHE
dialog: Well, there are all sort of
dialog: attitudes and opinions, I guess.
dialog: That's what makes the world go
dialog: round. You've got nothing to be
dialog: ashamed of.
speaker_heading: BELL
dialog: Will you draft the letter for me,
dialog: sir?
scene_heading: CAPT. BOSCHE
dialog: I certainly will.
text: Bell turns to go.
scene_heading: CAPT. BOSCHE
dialog: Oh, Bell!
text: (holding out a sheaf of
dialog: papers)
dialog: This came in yesterday, for you. I
dialog: held it up a little because I
dialog: wanted to write my own endorsement.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 193.
dialog: I just thoGAPd .ciBOSGHRY adightdbe' a
dialog: good time to give it to you. It's
dialog: an order for a field commission
dialog: appointing you a First Lieutenant
dialog: of Infantry.
speaker_heading: BELL
dialog: Really?
scene_heading: CAPT. BOSCHE
dialog: Really. I assumed that you would
dialog: want to accept it. I've already
dialog: written my endorsement.
speaker_heading: BELL
dialog: Can I think it over?
scene_heading: CAPT. BOSCHE
dialog: Of course. Take all the time you
dialog: want. You've had several big things
dialog: today. And if you want to change
dialog: your mind about that other matter
dialog: that will be all right, too... Be
text: strong.
speaker_heading: BELL
dialog: Thank you, sir.
scene_heading: EXT. HQ TENT - DAY
text: Outside the tent, Bell has given Doll the news.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: If you take it, they'll post you
dialog: somewhere else. No telling where
dialog: you'll end up.
text: Bell gone? Bell too? Doll feels alone and afraid.
speaker_heading: BELL
dialog: Means more money. The comp’ny’s not
dialog: the same any more. All these new
dialog: men, half of them I don't know
dialog: their names. S’not the outfit that
dialog: landed on this island. Feels all
dialog: different. I mean, Dale, an ex-
dialog: cook! Platoon Sergeant?
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: Yeah. Thorne said he was coming
dialog: back. He never did.
dialog: 194.
scene_heading: EXT. HQ AREA - DAY
text: His duffel bag packed, Bell stands watching a Melanesian
text: woman. The next day he will be sworn in and transferred.
text: Storm, it turns out, is leaving with him. He is glad to get
text: out alive, and not the least bit guilty. As the jeep pulls
text: away, Welsh sends him a salute.
text: Doll sits alone at the other end of the bivouac. Bell has
text: given him an address on a scrap of paper, but who knows if
dialog: they will ever see each other again or whether anything will
text: be the same after this war? He looks around at the new,
text: unfamiliar faces. Will this be his fate, to watch his friends
dialog: leave him one by one?
scene_heading: EXT. EVACUATION HOSPITAL - DAY
text: Welsh stands outside the hospital. He looks at the ground a
text: moment, then flips his cigarette away and goes inside
scene_heading: INT. EVACUATION HOSPITAL - DAY
text: Welsh sees Fife and wanders over to his bed.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: What’re you doing here, First?
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: I had to bring somebody his gear.
dialog: So you're finally makin' it out,
dialog: hunh, kid?
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: When's the ship leave?
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: Three days.
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: You're smart. Get out while there's
dialog: still time.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: You know, First. I been thinkin’.
dialog: Maybe I ought to stay.
dialog: 195.
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: You what?
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: Well, yes. I mean, you know, I'm
dialog: gonna miss the comp’ny. And it's --
dialog: it's sort of like running out. In
dialog: one way.
dialog: Fife does not want to leave this island a coward or a sneak.
text: He expected to be admired for it; instead Welsh leers at him
text: in silence, his mad eyes gleaming.
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: Sure, kid, I think if you feel like
dialog: that, you oughta come back.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: You think so? I thought I might
dialog: slip out of here tonight maybe.
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: You should.
text: (then grinning his slow,
dialog: sly grin)
dialog: You want to know why I busted you --
dialog: out of the orderly room? You
dialog: thought it was because we thought
dialog: you weren't coming back, didn't
dialog: you? Well, it wasn't. It was
dialog: because you were such a lousy
dialog: fucking bad clerk, I HAD to do it!
text: If he could, Fife would hit him, he is so furious. He knows
text: he wasn't a bad clerk. But he is lying on his back and before
text: he can get up Welsh is gone, down the aisle and out through
dialog: the flap.
speaker_heading: FIFE
dialog: You fucking bastard! You're sick!
dialog: You feel sorry for yourself!
dialog: Bastard!
text: The orderlies rush down the aisle to calm him. Silently,
text: struggling not to, Fife weeps tears of rage and desperation.
scene_heading: EXT. AIRFIELD (DRUMSARA) - DUSK
text: MUSIC enters as three days later Fife boards a cargo plane.
text: No one from the company is present to see him off; they are
text: all far away, on the other side of the island. He bobs like a
text: cork in a sea of men he does not know.
dialog: 196.
scene_heading: EXT. AIRFIELD (DAINTREE) - DAY
text: Captain Bosche addresses the assembled company.
scene_heading: CAPT. BOSCHE
dialog: Now I know you men are making and
dialog: drinking this goddamn swipe. That's
dialog: okay by me. Any man in an outfit of
dialog: mine can get as drunk as he wants
dialog: to every night, as long as he's
dialog: ready -- and in shape -- to make
dialog: reveille and carry out any
dialog: assignment he's given. If he can't
dialog: do that, he's gonna have trouble,
dialog: and from me. Personal.
dialog: (a pause)
dialog: Now I prefer to think of myself as
dialog: a family man. And that's what we
dialog: all are here, whether we like it
dialog: or not. A family. I'm the father
dialog: and -- I guess that makes Sergeant
dialog: Welsh here the mother.
dialog: (there is some laughter)
dialog: And whether you guys like it or
dialog: not, that makes all of you the
dialog: children in this family. Now a
dialog: family can only have one head, and
dialog: that's the father. Me. Father's
text: the head, and mother runs it.
dialog: That's the way it's gonna be here.
dialog: If any of you guys want to see me
dialog: about anything, anything at all,
dialog: you'll find I m available. On the
dialog: other hand, I'm gonna be busy
dialog: makin’ a living for this family, so
dialog: if it's not important, maybe mother
dialog: can handle it. That's all, except
dialog: for one more thing. We're into
dialog: training now, as all of you know.
dialog: You all know what kind of training
dialog: it is, too. Well, I'm making this
dialog: training just as tough on everybody
dialog: as I possibly can. Including me. So
dialog: expect it. Now that's all -- Except
dialog: one more thing. It'll be a long
dialog: time before we get home. The war is
dialog: not going to be over by next
dialog: Christmas. We'll probably have to
dialog: circle the world, and you 11
dialog: probably go back by way of New
dialog: York. So let's stick together.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 
dialog: 197.
scene_heading: I want you CAP Tkn®OSGHH(a@entlbdy as
dialog: you guys back me up, I'll back you
dialog: up. All the way, and with anybody.
dialog: With any outfit, and any army.
dialog: Japanese, American, or what have
dialog: you. You can count on that
dialog: (pausing again)
dialog: And now that's really all!
text: The tough little guy has not smiled once, even at his own
text: jokes. Everybody likes him. Even Welsh seems to like him.
scene_heading: EXT. HQ AREA - DAY
text: A week later Sgt. Welsh stands in front of the company,
text: wearing a full field pack.
text: A YOUNG LIEUTENANT
dialog: Sergeant Welsh, our scheduled
dialog: transportation has been delayed.
text: The trucks were diverted to another
dialog: unit. What do you suggest we do?
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: We'll go out the way we came, sir.
text: The lieutenant nods, and they exchange a salute. Welsh turns
text: to face the men, standing in ranks next to their equipment.
speaker_heading: VOICES
dialog: First platoon, all present and
dialog: accounted for... Second platoon,
dialog: all present and accounted for...
dialog: Etc.
speaker_heading: WELSH
dialog: All right -- move! Move!
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD TO BEACH - DAY
text: The men of C-for-Charlie march to the beach -- past a herd of
text: cattle, past a Melanesian woman who gazes at them from beside
text: a stream. Another company goes by, headed up toward the line.
text: Stalks of red ginger glow amid the strangler figs and vines.
text: Outside a leaf chapel, a group of Melanesians are singing.
text: The stream where Dale stooped to drink the bloody water flows
dialog: clear again. Some suggestion that in time the earth will
dialog: cleanse itself.
dialog: 198.
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY - DAY
text: Their route leads them past the new cemetery. Plodding along,
text: gasping in the airless humidity, the cemetery looks very
text: green and cool to them. The area has been well drained, and
text: blue-grass has been planted on it. Quartermaster men move
text: here and there, keeping it up and tending it. Big sprinklers
text: send their long gossamer jets swirling through the air above
text: the crosses. Already grass rises from the grave mounds.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH (WANGETTI) LCIs - DAY
text: They arrive at the beach. LCIs ply the waters between the
text: beach and the big ships that wait offshore to receive them.
text: Melanesian stevedores work among the stacks of crates. A
text: sailor standing on an oil drum, signalling the ships with
text: semaphore flags.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
