speaker_heading: TERMINAL
dialog: by
dialog: Sacha Gervasi
dialog: Based on a story
dialog: by
dialog: Andrew Niccol
dialog: &
speaker_heading: OQ
dialog: &
speaker_heading: Kg
dialog: 2/22/2001
speaker_heading: FADE UP
text: ON A BLUR OF FACES
text: They gradually come into focus along with the noisy chatter
dialog: of a hundred different languages - from Swahili to Waray-
dialog: Waray and Tajik to Cantonese.
text: ’ The PASSENGERS pour into the bright fluorescent light of the
text: Arrivals Hall of a vast, anonymous International Terminal,
text: expressions grim from seemingly endless journeys across
text: seemingly endless Time Zones.
scene_heading: INT. INTERNATIONAL TERMINAL - OBSERVATION DECK. DAY.
text: A log jam of people in the immigration hall. A plastic-looking
text: Christmas tree in the corner, incongruous in the stark
dialog: surroundings.
text: At the far end of the vast hall, Senior Immigration Officer,
text: MERCER, and his younger assistant THURMAN, stand on an
text: observation platform, gazing out at the multi-colored sea of
dialog: humanity.
text: The older man leans across to his subordinate, offering him
dialog: the benefit of all his eighteen years of experience in the
dialog: Immigration and wets tion Service -
dialog: When the " @ third world flush,
dialog: Thurman, all EES comes pouring
dialog: through those do
dialog: Thurman nods. % 9
scene_heading: INT. INTERNATIONAL TERMINAL - TION LINE. DAY.
text: Close on POLISHED LEATHER SHOES stepping calmly through the
text: doorway into the Arrivals Hall.
text: We move up an inexpensive but exquisitely maintained brown
text: suit, a crisp white shirt and a plain silk tie to find VIKTOR
text: NAVORSKI, 40s, bloodshot eyes filled with excitement.
text: Though pushed and shoved like everyone else Viktor remains
text: somehow unruffled, at peace almost, his eyes finding -
scene_heading: THE STATUE OF LIBERTY
text: seen through a window up ahead, sunlight glistening
dialog: beautifully off the Hudson.
speaker_heading: MANHATTAN
text: stands proudly behind, framed perfectly, her incandescent
text: grandeur set against an immaculate azure sky.
text: Viktor is exuberant. He moves toward it...
text: But his smile starts to fade as he realizes there's no water,
text: no gigantic monument, no city...it's just an elaborate model
dialog: of New York.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Please step back into the line, sir.
text: Viktor turns te see a pair of uniformed Immigration GUARDS
text: supervising the line.
text: He smiles again, staking the first Guard's hand. Viktor's
text: accent is of an indeterminable, though clearly European origin -
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: Thank you for having me.
text: The bemused Guard shakes Viktor's hand, glancing at his
dialog: colleague -
dialog: Gi
dialog: I said step 26S
dialog: in.
text: Viktor steps back, a litle tated.
text: As the line moves past rows /6fo identical counters Viktor
text: catches a glimpse of the dist. eting area through several
text: sets of swinging double doors. ©
dialog: ~
dialog: to the line, sir.
text: For a brief moment he makes out DS <acitea FAMILY holding up
text: a makeshift sign - "WELCOME HOME".
scene_heading: INT. INTERNATIONAL TERMINAL - LATER
text: VIKTOR reaches the front of the long line and hands his
text: passport to an OFFICER.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: Welcome to the United States, Mr.
dialog: Navorski. Business or pleasure?
text: The Officer runs Viktor's new passport through a scanning
text: machine, glances up again to see Viktor still smiling back
text: at him.
text: Viktor carefully considers the question for several beats.
dialog: Then several more -
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: (impatient)
dialog: Business or pleasure?
text: Viktor's just about to answer when the scanning machine makes
text: a strange BEEP.
text: Checking his computer screen the Officer picks up his phone,
text: regarding Viktor suspiciously all the while -
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: Mr. Mercer? I have a UV-I on nine.
text: Viktor turns to the African WOMAN waiting behind him in line
text: with her two young SONS. He smiles.
text: When he turns back, several OFFICIALS, including THURMAN are
text: standing in front of him.
speaker_heading: THURMAN
dialog: —_ {reading from the passport,
dialog: butchering the name) ~
dialog: Mr...Navorski? Would you step this way?
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Which?
dialog: Just follow us.
dialog: the purpose of his visit -
dialog: ©
dialog: }
dialog: }
dialog: To the Officer behind the vol pey finally decided on
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: Pleasure.
text: As Viktor follows Thurman, the other officials fall in behind
dialog: him.
scene_heading: INT. IMMIGRATION HOLDING AREA - DAY
text: Busy, dark and loud in here. The sound of dogs BARKING.
text: Flanked by the Officials, a bewildered Viktor is led down a
text: hallway past several doors, some of them open -
text: A young Chinese MAN shakes with fear. He holds his right
text: hand up in the air and swears an oath to an INTERVIEW OFFICER
text: while an INTERPRETER translates.
dialog: 4.
text: poGs rip into the casing of an ARAB COUPLE's luggage while
text: OFFICERS look on, ignoring the couple's desperate pleas.
text: Viktor looks back down the corridor again, briefly making
text: eye contact with a terrified VIETNAMESE REFUGEE whose baby
text: is taken away from her by a female OFFICER before she's
text: unceremoniously forced into a holding cell.
text: At the far end, Thurman holds open the door for his UV-I.
text: Viktor enters, looking back concerned at the wailing child.
scene_heading: INT. INTERVIEW ROOM - DAY
text: Viktor sits in silence for several long beats. The door opens.
text: Mercer appears.
text: Viktor stands to attention, knocking his chair back.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Please. Sit down, Sir.
text: Viktor sits down again, nervous. Mercer sizes him up. An
text: uncomfortable silence.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: What are you doing in the United States,
dialog: Mr. Navorski? ‘
dialog: 
text: Viktor smiles awkwardly. antly -
speaker_heading: VI
dialog: I am on vacation: / o
text: Mercer, expression smpenctvant/, eS at Viktor.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: What do you plan on doing during your
dialog: vacation?
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: Vacation.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: You said vacation.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: Yes...I did.
text: Mercer glances at Thurman.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Where are you staying? Do you have
dialog: relatives here?
text: Viktor reaches into his breast pocket and pulls out an
text: envelope. He opens it, hands the paper inside to Mercer who
dialog: reads it.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: The Happy Traveler Motel.
text: A second glance to Thurman.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: How much money do you have?
text: Viktor nods.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: I need to see your money, Mr. Navorski.
text: Viktor quickly produces three more envelopes, each with
text: something hand-written on the outside. He offers them to
dialog: Mercer. . —
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Open them, Ts 8
text: Viktor opens the first rp e, offers Mercer the bills
dialog: t
text: inside. Mercer doesn't touch the money, gestures for
dialog: Viktor take it out.
dialog: °
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Please count the & LG mark down the
dialog: amount on the piece o ronext to
dialog: you.
text: Mercer and Thurman watch as Viktor slowly counts out the
text: bills, marking down the amount on the piece of paper as
dialog: instructed.
text: Mercer notices the handwriting on the outside of the first
dialog: envelope -
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: (re : the writing)
dialog: What does that mean?
dialog: Viktor translates -
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: Hotel.
dialog: 6.
text: Mercer gestures for Viktor to take out the money in the second
text: envelope. Viktor does, marks the amount down.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: What about that money? What's that for?
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: Food. For food.
text: viktor opens the final envelope, retrieves a Single bill.
text: Mercer looks at him -
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: Entertainment.
speaker_heading: MERCER
text: (looking at the bill, then
dialog: at Thurm: a)
dialog: Entertainment?
text: Viktor nods, writes the denomination down, the third number
text: on his piece of paper. Mercer gestures for the paper. Viktor
text: slides it across the table.
text: Thurman enters the numbers into a calculator and makes the
text: conversion into dollars. He shows Mercer the amount. Mercer
text: nods. .
dialog: (gesturingéo )
dialog: Now your returr ét please.
dialog: °
text: viktor hands it over. Mercer thorough examination,
text: casually slips Viktor's ticket mn official file and
dialog: seals it.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: That's mine -
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: It's just procedure, Mr. Navorski.
dialog: (indicating the door Thurman
text: holds open behind him)
dialog: If you wouldn't mind waiting in the
text: waiting room.
text: Viktor stares back at him.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: This really won't take long.
text: Viktor reluctantly walks through.
scene_heading: INT. WAITING ROOM - DAY
text: Sterile in here, a single row of seats, a water dispenser,
text: no windows. A second door indicates a restroom beyond.
text: Viktor takes off his coat, folds it neatly across one of the
text: chairs and sits down. He looks around, taking in his bland
text: surroundings. His fingers tap nervously on the table.
scene_heading: INT. WAITING ROOM - LATER
text: Viktor's expression is grim. His tie is off and his shirt is
text: unbuttoned. It's clear some hours have passed.
text: Viktor approaches the door, hesitates...knocks. No answer.
text: He knocks again.
text: iventually, Thurman appears turcugh a window on the door.
speaker_heading: THURMAN
dialog: (a smile)
dialog: Be patient, Mr. Navorski.
text: The window slams shut. - tee
text: Viktor just stands there for a moment.
scene_heading: INT. WAITING ROOM - LAT
text: The door suddenly OPENS « thrusts a SANDWICH and a
text: glass of WATER on a tray iktor's hands.
dialog: °
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: (still getting w Ye
dialog: Thank you very much. CD
text: Viktor sits down, rips the Saran and bites into his tuna
text: salad sandwich. He relishes every single mouthful.
scene_heading: INT. WAITING ROOM - LATER
text: Yawning, Viktor cleans stains off his topcoat with the Saran
text: from the sandwich. He's so exhausted he nearly falls asleep
dialog: doing it.
text: He shakes himself awake, returns to the door, knocking on it
text: more insistently this time. Nothing. He knocks again.
dialog: Silence.
text: Resigned to his situation at least for the moment, Viktor
text: returns to his seat and fashions his coat into a pillow.
dialog: However the chair back ish't high enough and the 'pillow'
text: slips down causing Viktor's head to tilt forward awkwardly
dialog: to accommodate it.
text: Laying the pillow on the armrest now, Viktor attempts to
text: squeeze his whole body sideways into the chair. It's an
text: impossible contortion.
text: Exasperated, he sits back in the chair again and tries every
text: other imaginable position, each less successful than the
dialog: last. .
speaker_heading: A SHOE
text: prods at the sleeping Viktor. He is on the floor, his top
text: coat cver him.
dialog: The shoe belongs to -
speaker_heading: MERCER
text: He looks down on the extremely haggard Viktor, Thurman beside
dialog: him.
dialog: . R
dialog: You'd better town -
text: Viktor gets up to sit di @ chair. He notices his suit's
dialog: a wreck and that Mercer 2 ing rather grave -
dialog: suspended all travell ivileges on
dialog: passports issued by your-tountry.
dialog: °
speaker_heading: MERCER O
dialog: Eighteen hours ago t' ao Department
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: I don't understand -
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: While you were in the air, your country
dialog: was invaded.
text: A beat. Viktor, in shock.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: ..- What?
speaker_heading: ” MERCER
dialog: Fortunately, no resistance was offered.
dialog: There were no casualties.
dialog: Viktor’
text: gs shock turns to bewilderment.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: Invaded? Who?
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: I'm sorry.
dialog: (getting up to go)
dialog: As soon as we have any information, Mr.
dialog: Navorski, you'll be the first to know.
text: Rising out of his chair -
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: I am going back.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Well, that's the problem I'm afraid, Mr.
dialog: Navorski. I can't send you back just
dialog: yet. The new Government has sealed the
dialog: borders for the time-being.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: So I must wait in New York -- -
speaker_heading: MERCER .
dialog: -- unfortunate I can't allow you to
dialog: enter the Uni} tates at this time
dialog: either.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: VIRY
dialog: (thoughts: t
dialog: themselves} “y
dialog: I don't understand. a visa.
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: I have a passport!
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Not a valid one, Mr. Navorski. Technically
dialog: at least, the country that issued this
dialog: passport...
dialog: (taking it out if its file,
dialog: brandishing it)
dialog: .-no longer exists.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: So, what you are telling me is...I cannot
dialog: go... :
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: No.
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: ...and I cannot stay.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: No.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Not for the moment.
text: A beat. Viktor's brain struggles to put all of this together.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: I'm going to allow you to get your luggage
dialog: and authorize you to enter the
dialog: International Transit Lounge. Please
dialog: wait there until the situation is
dialog: resolved.
text: Mercer indicates to Thurman to please take Viktor away.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: I assure you, everything will be cleared
text: up very soon, Mr. Navorski.
dialog: Viktor is numb. - —
scene_heading: INT. BAGGAGE CLAIM AREA - LATER”
text: Viktor, escorted by Thi and another OFFICIAL, picks his
text: single BLACK SUITCASE few unclaimed cases sitting
dialog: between carousels six si -
text: Longingly, Viktor watches te Ba 3 at the far end opening
text: and closing, offering momenta: impses of the bustling
text: Terminal beyond and signs indi’ ground transportation
text: into the city.
text: On the other side of the hall, MULROY - 30s, biack, wearing
text: dirty overalls and ripped gloves.- loads his cart with lost
dialog: bags.
text: He notices Viktor being escorted back up the steps to the
text: secured waiting area.
scene_heading: INT. WAITING ROOM - MINUTES LATER
text: HANDS roughly go through the few simple items in Viktor's
dialog: bagd...socks...a pair of shoes...plain shirts and ties...a
dialog: toiletries case... :
text: An ALSATIAN DOG sniffs every inch of the bag. The HANDLER
text: pulls the dog off.
dialog: ii.
text: The Dog licks Viktor's hand, which just for an instant, causes
text: the handler pause before he pulis his dog back out the door.
text: Thurman zips up Viktor's bag, hands it back to him.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: Thank you.
text: Viktor, smiling, pulls out the envelope with his hotel details
dialog: inside.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: Now, can you please tell me where to get
dialog: the bus for Manhattan?
text: A beat. Thurman half-smiles, glancing to his colleague.
speaker_heading: THURMAN
dialog: I don't think you fully comprehended
dialog: what Mr. Mercer said, Mr. Navorski. You
dialog: have to wait.
scene_heading: INT. IMMIGRATION AREA, CORRIDOR - MOMENTS LATER
text: VIKTOR, flanked by Officials led by Thurman, is led down. yet
text: another corridor towards a door marked “International Transit
dialog: lounge, Restricted es
scene_heading: INT. INTERNATIONAL nude GE - CONTINUOUS
text: Emerging into the brittle Me of the Terminal, Viktor's
text: immediately and completely “€ a at the scale and
dialog: t
dialog: grandeur of it all. To him, ce is like nothing he's
dialog: ever he's seen before.
text: He stands there frozeN, mouth “Z6 as Thurman outlines the
dialog: specific parameters of his confinement -
speaker_heading: THURMAN .
dialog: This is the International Transit Lounge.
dialog: You are free to wait in here.
dialog: (handing him seme food
dialog: vouchers)
dialog: These can be redeemed at any of the
dialog: concession outlets.
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: - Beyond those doors - look at them, Mr.
dialog: Navorski -
dialog: (he looks}
dialog: -is American soil.
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: American soil?
speaker_heading: ‘THURMAN
dialog: Yes. Restricted.
scene_heading: GLASS SECURITY DOORS
text: open as Passengers wheel luggage-laden trolleys out into the
dialog: main Terminal.
text: As Thurman points up to the cameras everywhere -
speaker_heading: THURMAN
dialog: Any attempt to pass through those doors
dialog: or to enter the United States through
dialog: any other means will result in your
dialog: immediate arrest and confinement in the
dialog: Detention Ceuter.
text: Viktor's hand is trembling with fear.
speaker_heading: THURMAN
dialog: (noticing)
dialog: Don't worry, Mr. Navorski. .
dialog: (ominous)
dialog: We know men OS are. .
text: Viktor watches Thurmal ro ar through the door again.
dialog: He finally turns - >
dialog: "2
dialog: (
speaker_heading: VIKTOR'S POV
text: He is faced with the sprawling, -modern multi-cultural
text: Metropolis of gleaming steel and ss that is the
dialog: International Transit lounge.
scene_heading: INT. OBSERVATION DECK - LATER
text: Mercer and Thurman observe Viktor from the mezzanine floor
dialog: above.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
text: sits on a seat very near the door. his single case on his
text: knees, his hands resting on the case. He watches the imnortant
text: doors in the distance and the cameras everywhere.
dialog: 13.
scene_heading: INT. OBSERVATION DECK - CONTINUOUS
text: Mercer and Thurman notice Viktor as they finish up coffees
text: on their break.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: THURMAN
text: He's been sitting there for three hours.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Do you know how big it is, this country
dialog: of his. You can walk from one end to the
dialog: other in fifteen minutes. There are longer
dialog: trips to the bathroom in some hotel
text: lobbies.
speaker_heading: THURMAN
dialog: What's he supposed to do?
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: (a shrug)
dialog: ~ Let him shop. .
text: They toss their wet WO andSileave.
scene_heading: INT. INTERNATIONAL T: oe GE, LOWER LEVEL - LATER
speaker_heading: VIKTOR .
text: hesitantly gets up, starts ‘Br.
speaker_heading: ED)
speaker_heading: PASSENGERS
text: move AT him, knocking into him, eters fierce and rushed.
text: Petrified, Viktor has to consciously calm his breathing and
text: slow down, the whole place blurring now as he attempts to
dialog: make it through here --
speaker_heading: PASSENGER
dialog: Watch it!
text: The Passenger nearly knocks Viktor over into a fake palm
dialog: tree. -
dialog: wee
dialog: 14.
scene_heading: ARRIVALS/DEPARTURES BOARD
text: Flight information flickers...
dialog: Bahrain...Lima...Brussels...Tangier
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
text: stands amidst a group of late-night TRAVELLERS staring up at
text: the Arrivals/Departures board, looking very lost and alone.
text: As flights are cancelled, delayed or given the go-ahead to
text: board, groups of passengers arrive and depart. The only
dialog: constant is Viktor.
text: He turns around again, confused, unsure of which direction
dialog: to take.
scene_heading: INT. INTERNATIONAL TERMIVJAL, UPPER SHOPPING CONCOURSE-LATER
text: Muzak version of Bach's ‘Goldberg Variations' echoes through
text: the hi-tech concourse as Viktor walks past every department
dialog: store imaginable -
text: W. H. Smith...Bloomingdale's...Brookstone...Williams Sonoma...
dialog: Banana Repubhic...
text: Ke slows in front of one}\takes a moment before saying the
dialog: words - ox
speaker_heading: fb LS
dialog: The Gap.
dialog: f
dialog: fo
text: An Indian cleaner, GUPTA, mop] arby, registers Viktor,
text: watching as he continues past ty of Duty Free stores
dialog: advertising remarkable deals on yc sounding perfumes and
text: cutting-edge paim-held electronic ods.
text: viktor stops at one of the windows, intrigued by a giant six-
text: foot high pack of MERIT CIGARETTES, trying to imagine now
dialog: they would be smoked.
text: As a puzzled Viktor turns =o continue ahead, Gupta looks
dialog: away.
text: Now Viktor notices Gupta, watching as passengers trample
text: over his freshly-mopped floor, seemingly oblivious or
text: indifferent to the fact that in a few seconds it will be
text: dirty again.
dialog: oe
dialog: 43.
scene_heading: INT. INTERNATIONAL TERMINAL - DAY
text: Having finally exhausted his exploration of the upper levels,
text: Viktor is faced with a stained plastic curtain at the end of
text: a long concourse.
dialog: A sign apologizes - "Please Excuse Our Appearance During
dialog: Construction of Our New Wing"
text: Viktor sneaks a look behind the curtain - WORKMEN, overseen
text: by their foreman KARL IVERSON, are constructing a new
text: concourse including dozens of additional gates.
text: Viktor studies the workmen, fascinated, gazing towards central
text: area between the distant cluster of gates - a large cavity
text: in the ground indicating where foundations have yet to be
dialog: laid.
scene_heading: INT. INTERNATIONAL TRANSIT UOUNGE, FOOD COURT AREA - DAY
text: The food vouchers in his hand, Viktor moves excitedly past a
text: dizzying array of food concession stands. This is the United
dialog: Nations of cuisine.
text: His attention is suddenly drawn to a frailYOUNG WOMAN sitting
text: on an over-stuffed sliitcase, struggling to shut it.
text: Viktor watches for a moyen puts down his vouchers on a
text: nearby tableand goes er.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: He lends his weight to th and the girl, startled by
text: the unusual act of kindness es to snap the locks shut.
dialog: YOUNG he
dialog: Thank you. 9
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: Don't mention it.
text: viktor smiles, watches her wheel the jumbo-sized American
text: Tourister away. He turns back to the table -
text: The food vouchers are gone. He checks the floor nearby.
dialog: Nothing.
scene_heading: INT. INTERNATIONAL TERMINAL, BAGGAGE CLAIM AREA - NIGHT
text: Tired and hungry, Viktor observes passengers taking their
text: bags off the carousels for a minute.
dialog: is.
text: He makes sure the coast is clear before dropping his own bag
text: ONTO THE CAROUSEL.
scene_heading: INT. FIRST CLASS LOUNGE AREA - NEXT DAY
text: Viktor walks the plush-carpeted corridor that links all the
text: first class lounges.
text: Outside the Alitalia lounge Viktor hears the POP of a
text: champagne cork. He jumps, slightly unnerved.
text: Viktor moves through the glass doors but as they slide open
text: for him a frosty-looking HOSTESS - smoking her Muratti
text: Ambassadori with surprising aggression - stops him.
speaker_heading: HOSTESS
dialog: (Italian accent)
dialog: Ticket please.
text: Viktor shakes his head, no, and moves on.
speaker_heading: FLASH OF FLAME
text: A distinctively gallic-looking CHEF flambes an elaborate
text: dessert in front of some well-heeled TRAVELLERS.
scene_heading: INT. AIR.FRANCE FIRST C - LOUNGE
text: Viktor watches rather VW y from the hallway, soaking up
text: the smell that wafts out<wh lounge DOORS slide open.
speaker_heading: ANCH ww }
dialog: Although at the mom ails of the
dialog: invasion are unclea: ZO)
text: Pricking up, Viktor moves closer
text: playing on the TV in the corner -
dialog: watch the CNN report
speaker_heading: THE SCREEN
text: A female ANCHOR speaks to camera.
text: Pictures of a sleepy town square with SOLDIERS marching
dialog: through it.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: (to himself) -
dialog: My country.
dialog: 17.
text: Only managing to hear the television as the glass doors open
text: for people coming in or out, Viktor hears the report in
text: maddeningly short bursts:
speaker_heading: ANCHOR (V.0.)
dialog: ...according to both official communiques
dialog: and
dialog: (door closes and opens}
dialog: ...a bloodless coup. Troops simply walked
dialog: across the border early this morning...
speaker_heading: A TANK
text: drives past an ancient CHURCH, a single white flag hanging
text: out of an upper window. 1
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
text: face pressed to the glass, strains to hear as the doors close.
text: He steps on the mat to open them again -
speaker_heading: ANCHOR (V.0.)
dialog: ...And tonight what was once the tiniest
dialog: Republic in the Balkans is now but an
dialog: annexed province... ~
dialog: {door closes and opens)
dialog: ...moest feared>Nations in the region...
text: (door cloggs7Vand opens
dialog: ...expansionys encies show precious
dialog: little signs ig.
text: As the door closes quickly, Wid finally sticks his foot
text: on the mat to keep it open.
dialog: Dy
text: The SMILING ANCHOR appears on 4B.
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S8.}
dialog: (French accent)
dialog: Pardon me, sir.
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: Lounge STEWARD kicks Viktor's foot out of the way -
speaker_heading: STEWARD
dialog: (aristocratic disdain)
dialog: I'm afraid this is a private club.
text: Viktor leaves. The Door opens again -- ~
speaker_heading: CNN ANCHOR (C.S.}
dialog: Next this ‘ ur - check out the latest
text: pulse-pounding rhythms on the Latin
text: American dance floor. Coming up on World
dialog: Beat --
dialog: +0-
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - CONTINUOUS
text: ENRIQUE, a diminutive Latin Food Manager carrying some trays
text: of food into the Air France lounge, notes the curious and
text: distraught figure of Viktor wandering past, the Steward
text: ‘following behind to ensure he clears the area.
scene_heading: INT. INTERNATIONAL TRANSIT LOUNGE, IMMIGRATION AREA - NIGHT
text: Viktor stands at the LOCKED DOORS to the Immigration area.
text: He sighs.
scene_heading: INT. INTERNATIONAL TRANSIT LOUNGE, UPPER CONCOURSE - NIGHT
text: All the stores are locked up too. There's hardly anyone around
text: except a few CLEANERS buffing the floors or hauling huge
text: trash containers behind tiny transportation trucks.
text: Viktor takes the esualater down to the baggage claim area.
scene_heading: INT. BAGGAGE CLAIM AREA - NIGHT
text: At the far end, Mulroy loads heavy musicians flight cases
text: onto his motorized trolley. Someone tugs at Mulroy's sleeve.
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.8.) ~
dialog: Sir? Did yous a white Samsonite with
dialog: a big scuff m it that kind of looks
dialog: like France?
text: Mulroy turns. A tiny WO! urs stands behind him.
speaker_heading: MULROCY
dialog: Matam, I'm busy righ If you've
dialog: lost your bag, you ne go to
dialog: {gesturing over)
dialog: Counter B.
speaker_heading: OLD WOMAN
dialog: It's not really a scuff mark, it's more
dialog: of a big seratch. I guess it looks more
dialog: like Italy --
speaker_heading: MULROY
dialog: (nearing her)
dialog: I really don't want to have to repeat
dialog: myself, Ma-am.
text: The Woman backs away, scared. Viktor walks towards his bag,
text: the only piece of luggage revolving on the carousel.
text: Mulroy, loading a cart with heavy flight cases, sees Viktor
text: coming. He watches as Viktor pulls his bag off the carousel,
text: retrieves his toothbrush and puts the bag back on.
text: Straightening, Viktor notices Mulroy staring at him.
text: As Viktor's bag revolves around towards Mulroy, Mulroy lifts
text: it off the carousel and drops it by his feet.
text: A bizarre kind of Mexican stand-off as Viktor and Mulroy
text: stare at each other.
text: Viktor finally walks to Mulroy, picks up his bag and places
text: it back on the carousel. Mulroy walks around Viktor and
text: casually takes it off. Viktor walks around Mulroy and casually
text: puts it back on.
text: Mulroy waves his hand, !enough'. He stomps over to a nearby
text: panel, flicks a switch and the carousel STOPS...Viktor's bag
dialog: is just sitting there...
speaker_heading: MULROY
dialog: You take the bags off. You don't put ™
dialog: them on. &S .
dialog: It's heavy to er
text: Mulroy approaches Viktor. °
speaker_heading: MULROY G, \
dialog: Well, why don't you g espe
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: I just arrived.
text: Mulroy indicates Viktor's bag -
speaker_heading: MULROY
dialog: It doesn't matter to me whether you're
dialog: coming or going. I just want this bag
dialog: off my carousel.
text: Viktor looks at him, finally picks up his bag. Mulroy exits,
text: his trolley in tow.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: Sorry.
dialog: “ue
scene_heading: INT. TERMINAL, NEW WING - NIGHT
text: Viktor, carrying his bag and looking tired, walks past the
text: gates under construction that seem to stretch off into
dialog: infinity...38...39...40...41
dialog: The higher the gate number, the greater the evidence of
dialog: construction work - scaffolding, painting equipment,
text: electrical drilis, heavy tools.
text: Viktor stops at the last one.
speaker_heading: GATE 5C
text: He smiles and walks inside. It is virtually a shell apart
text: from random pieces of old equipment - seats, gate desks etc. -
text: about to be taken away. Paint cans and ladders everywhere.
text: Tucked away in the far corner there's a little row of plastic
text: and metal seats with armrests.
text: Viktor walks over, sits down, fashions his coat into a pillow
text: again to get some rest...He tries the ‘pillow' in every
text: imaginable position, each less successful than the last.
scene_heading: INT. IMMIGRATION WAITING ROOM - MORNING ~
text: Viktor walks up to the netew, holding his badly cricked
text: neck. An Immigration 4 OFFICER TORRES, is already
text: shuffling papers behind e dow.
text: Viktor smiles, offering his Coe
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: Good morning. CD
text: Staring at him all the time, Officer Torres casually places
text: a small placard between them which reads ‘Back in half an
text: hour' and sharply pulls down the window shade.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: Hello? Hello?
dialog: Silence.
scene_heading: INT. IMMIGRATION AREA - LATER
text: Viktor stands in a long line waiting. After a while he .saches
text: the front.
dialog: “ae
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: I should speak to Mr. Mercer.
text: The female Officer, busy with paperwork, doesn't look at him -
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: Mr. Mercer is busy right now, sir.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: I am Viktor Navorski. I must talk to --
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: -- Any questions you have can be taken
text: care of at Window Nineteen.
text: She points to a huge line across the hall.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: Next!
text: Viktor sighs.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
text: Waits patiently in the long line. Finally he reaches the
text: front. Officer Torres looks at him.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: Vv
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: I was told you coul e.
speaker_heading: OFFICER TO
dialog: Let's see your paperwork.
text: Viktor hands over his passport.
speaker_heading: OFFICER TORRES
dialog: No, siz. Your green entry form.
text: Viktor shrugs, he doesn't have one.
speaker_heading: OFFICER TORRES
dialog: I can't do anything without the green
dialog: form.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: Where do I get the green form?
text: He looks Viktor over.
dialog: eee
speaker_heading: OFFICER TORRES
dialog: Not here. Next!
scene_heading: BACK IN LINE
text: Viktor finally reaches the front of the line.
text: Just as he approaches the window with his passport and filled-
text: out Green form, Officer Torres CLOSES the window.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: No. Please!
scene_heading: INT. MAIN IMMIGRATION WAITING ROOM - NEXT DAY
text: Viktor waits with his case on his knees, his hands over his
text: case, waiting in the waiting room. The clock on the wall
dialog: reads 6.15.
text: A door opens, MERCER, appears. Viktor chases after him.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: When can I leave?
text: Mercer keeps walking.
speaker_heading: MI
speaker_heading: R
dialog: Not yer.
text: Viktor defiantly blocks <r s path.
speaker_heading: VIKT °
dialog: An airport is a pia yoR go to go, not
speaker_heading: st
dialog: )
dialog: a place you go to
speaker_heading: O
text: Mercer finally stops, glares at 2. is about to say
dialog: something when --
speaker_heading: A COMMOTION
text: up ahead in the distance distracts them -
scene_heading: TWO YOUNG CHINESE MEN
text: make a run for it through Passport control. The Men manage
text: to make it through the doors and RUSH the Baggage Claim area,
text: KNOCKING PASSENGERS over as they struggle to find a way out.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
text: watches, rapt, as the Men near him and Mercer, pursued by a
dialog: dozen
speaker_heading: IMMIGRATION OFFICERS
text: Led by DANIELS, female, 30s -
speaker_heading: DANIELS
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Stop where you are!
text: The Men turn, stopping only when they see
speaker_heading: MORE OFFICERS
text: waiting for them at the other end.
text: Cornered, they jump onto a carousel, scrambling desperately
text: over bags to get to the opening above where they're coming
dialog: from.
text: Vaktor's with their every move.
text: The Officers jump on the carousels now too, grabbing the men
text: by their legs, pulling off their shoes...
text: SHOUTS as the fierce struggle_continues, the men kicking out
text: at the Officers, clinging desperately onto bags, onto anything
dialog: they can find that might stop them getting caught --
text: But the escapees are 4 overwhelmed, the Officers pulling
dialog: them violently off thee: ls and THROWING them to the
text: concrete not far from Viktorys
speaker_heading: xB
text: Somehow, one of the Men ma > BREAK FREE -
text: Mulroy DECKS him with a Delse G-phell.
speaker_heading: MULROY
dialog: (whispering to his shell-
dialog: shocked victim)
dialog: Please don't stand on the carousels.
text: The two Prisoners plead to their captors in Chinese.
text: His Prisoner screaming at him -
speaker_heading: SECOND OFFICER
dialog: (turning him round)
dialog: ‘Happy New Year' to you too, Chop Suey.
text: As the Officers hustle the illegals towards the Security
text: doors at the far end, one of the prisoners starts to cry.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
text: watches, frightened.
text: Mercer gestures to Thurman who's nearby. He whispers something
text: into Thurman's ear, walks out past Viktor.
speaker_heading: THURMAN
dialog: Come with me, Mr. Navorski.
text: Viktor, panicked, watches Mercer go, worried he may finally
dialog: have pushed Mercer too far.
scene_heading: INT. IMMIGRATION AREA - A FEW MINUTES LATER
text: Thurman leads Viktor down another corridor. Viktor is clearly
text: terrified something awful is about to happen. Thurman opens
text: a door onto a huge hall which looks down onto the baggage
dialog: claim area below.
speaker_heading: THURMAN
dialog: Since you don't have any U.S. .currency,
dialog: Mr. Mercer says you can call home. Teil
dialog: your family what's going on.
dialog: After a moment - . —
speaker_heading: - VIKTOR
dialog: Call my mwa course.
text: Thurman gestures to t. red telephone on a stand, a
text: chair next to it, at the¢fa d of the room.
speaker_heading: VIKT ©
dialog: Thank you. Gy,
dialog: (~
text: Viktor walks toward the far end, ee down through the glass
text: at the crush of passengers trying find their bags.
text: Bt the phone, Viktor looks back and sees Thurman still
text: watching him. He forces a smile.
text: He picks up the receiver and dials the number.
scene_heading: INT. BAGGAGE CLAIM AREA - CONTINUOUS
text: Mulroy takes off his gloves and wipes his sweaty forehead.
text: Looking up he notices Viktor in profile through the glass,
text: standing by the phone.
text: Daniels, the female Immigration Officer who arrested the
text: Chinese men.and stil? a little sweaty from all the action,
text: passes by with a couple of coffees. Mulroy stops her.
speaker_heading: MULROY
dialog: (gesturing up at Viktor)
dialog: What's his deal?
speaker_heading: DANIELS
dialog: Who?
dialog: (she looks)
dialog: Oh him. No papers. He's calling his
dialog: family.
dialog: { leaving)
dialog: Happy New Year, Mulroy.
speaker_heading: MULROY
dialog: Oh, yeah. You too.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
text: mumbles into the phone, a single tear runs down his cheek.
text: Mulroy watches.
text: Shaking his head again at "these kind of people’, Mulroy
text: puts his gloves back on and resumes working, grabbing bags
text: off the packed carousel and lining them up -on.the floor.
text: After a while Mulroy looks up again but, Viktor's gone...the
text: receiver dangles off the>hook.
scene_heading: INT. INTERNATIONAL TE: eo MMIGRATION AREA - HOURS LATER
dialog: Immigration OFFICERS. have Jperiess New Years eve party -
dialog: ce
text: a quick drink and perfunctogg t before they toss their
dialog: plastic cups and put their costs)
text: There's a TV on in there too - LARK speaks excitedly
text: into his mic, overlooking the CRO in Times Square.
scene_heading: THE MAIN CONCOURSE ~-
text: Completely empty and abandoned. An eerie silence...
scene_heading: INT. GATE FIFTY - NIGHT
text: Viktor sits on the seats and stares out at the runways. An
text: AIR INDIA 747 is taking off. Viktor watches the plane arc up
text: into the starry winter sky.
text: He looks at his watch. It's just after eleven-thirty.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: Late again, Delhi.
dialog: e
dialog: 26.
text: He sighs deeply, waiting...and waiting...He looks around the
text: gate. Nothing. Not a sound.
text: Viktor can't escape it, he knows he could be here literally
dialog: forever.
text: Viktor reaches into his pocket, pulls out
speaker_heading: THE FEW COINS
text: from his homeland still in his pocket.
text: A sad look on nis face. He takes one of them, examines it...an
text: idea hits him. He ducks underneath the seats and uses the
text: edge of the coin to remove a screw
speaker_heading: MOMENTS LATER
text: A pile of screws on she floor, all of the ARMRESTS on the
text: row of seats detached.
text: Now he uses the coin to make TWO GROOVES in the wall, one
dialog: for each day he's been here.
text: Viktor lies down on his new 'bed'. A sigh of deep satisfaction
text: as he reaches down to make Sure his BAG is still right beside
text: him on the floor.
text: Despite the bright ay e€, Viktor begins to drift,
text: HAND still gripping tig: ae his bag...
scene_heading: THE TIMES SQUARE BALL ~ ¢ °
text: drops as the New Year chimes i a MIGHTY ROAR. It rains
text: confetti over the thousands pac to Times Square.
scene_heading: INT. IMMIGRATION ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: As the crowd's CHEERING continues we pull back off the image
text: playing on the TV in the corner to see the room is vacant...
scene_heading: THE ARRIVALS/DEPARTURES BOARD
text: It flickers te life with fresh information for multiple
dialog: flights to Rome...Amsterdam...Brussels...London
scene_heading: INT. INTERNATIONAL TERMINAL, ARRIVALS GATE ~- NIGHT
text: Viktor watches through the ‘glass as FAMILIES are re-united
text: with their loved ones arriving off long-haul flights -
text: An elderly WOMAN (60s) hugs her slightly younger SISTER.
text: They cry tears of joy. It's been a long time since they saw
dialog: each other.
text: A small BLACK kid, perhaps nine or ten, jumps into his
text: FATEER's arms as he runs out the gate with his beaming MOTHER.
text: A blonde GIRL runs into her boyfriend's arms. He lifts her
text: up, her legs wrapping around his waist as they kiss
text: passionately without even saying hello.
text: A CRASHING sound -
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Shit.
text: Viktor turns to see a young FLIGHT ATTENDANT - Hispanic,
text: 30s, no-make-up - arms and legs akimbo, lying on the floor
text: not far from him, the contents of her bag spread out all
text: over the place.
text: She realizes her heel's broken, curses to herself in Spanish
text: and starts to gather up her scattered schedules -
scene_heading: FLIGHT ATTENDANT
dialog: Shit. Shit. i - .
text: Viktor approaches, helps”pick up some of her things including
text: several well-thumbed i.
dialog: - vt >
dialog: (giving them’¢é & ,
dialog: Where are you going?
speaker_heading: FLIGHT Bn
dialog: Buenos Aires.
dialog: (struggling to find the right
dialog: schedule) 7
dialog: I just can't remember where from.
text: Viktor notes her United uniform, looks at her watch.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
text: Flight two-fifteen. Gate twenty four.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: - Thanks.
text: Handing back her broken heel -
dialog: so.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: This area in particular, from the gift
dialog: shop to the courtesy phones, is the most
text: slippery. They mop twice.
text: She regards him briefly.
scene_heading: FLIGHT ATTENDANT
dialog: Oh really. ..Why?
text: viktor notices her nametag now -'Amelia Sanchez’.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: I don't know. I can find out.
text: He helps her up.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: May I suggest sensible heels? Payless
dialog: Shoe Center Level three.
text: She nalf-smiles, nods, takes off her shoes and starts running
dialog: towards her gate - .
speaker_heading: AMELIA .
dialog: (shouting back) -
dialog: Thanks in
dialog: (after he “ZS,
dialog: Don't run. fo
dialog: °
text: He watches her disappear aro rner, turns to see
speaker_heading: GUPTA cD
text: the cleaner he first saw at the food court, mopping nearby
text: while listening to loud Hindi MUSIC through badly taped-up
text: headphones.
text: Viktor approaches, noticing the ‘WET FLOOR - CAUTION' signs
text: still on his cart.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: (the signs)
dialog: You should put those out so people don't
dialog: . Slip.
text: Gupta can't hear what Viktor's saying. He takes off his
dialog: headphones -
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: I said you should put those out so people
dialog: don't slip.
text: Gupta just stares at him...then offers Viktor the mop.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: No, thank you.
dialog: Gupta's accent is Pukkah-British -
speaker_heading: GUPTA
dialog: Mind your own business then.
text: Intrigued by the friendliness of his contempt, Viktor stays
text: where he is, watches Gupta mopping.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: How long have you worked here?
text: Gupta looks Viktor over once again.
speaker_heading: GUPTA
dialog: A while.
speaker_heading: ~ VIKTOR -
dialog: Really? me
dialog: I used to work<at throw, Terminal
dialog: three, before DB
dialog: (glancing of
dialog: °
dialog: ..I needed a sears)
speaker_heading: O
speaker_heading: VIKTOR YS
dialog: What's it like there? <a
speaker_heading: GUPTA
text: It smells the same.
text: A loud CRASH From behind them. A BUSINESSMAN's slipped on
text: the wet floor by the restrooms. He gets up, angrily mops
dialog: down his Brooks Brothers suit -
speaker_heading: BUSINESSMAN
dialog: (to apathetic passers-by)
dialog: It's like a goddam swimming pool out
dialog: here!
text: Gupta quietly wheels his trolley past Viktor.
speaker_heading: GUPTA
dialog: It's the only fun I have.
text: Off Viktor's appalled expression.
scene_heading: INT. INTERNATIONAL TRANSIT LOUNGE, GATE THIRTY - NIGHT
text: En route to "bed', Viktor slows at Gate Thirty, noting the
text: stacked cans of PAINT under plastic. He looks around to check
text: the coast is clear.
text: Viktor peels the plastic back to get a better look at the
text: cans. Unused BRUSHES too.
text: viktor considers the peeling far wall. He takes off his tie,
text: shirt, jacket and trousers and folds them neatly in a pile.
text: Without so much as a second thought, Viktor lifts a nearby
text: LADDER off the ground, flips it up and leans it against the
text: wall. Using the edge of a large coin, Viktor pops the lid on
text: the paint, dips one of the brushes in and climbs up the
dialog: ladder.
text: Viktor starts painting. He works carefully and exactly.
scene_heading: INT. GATE THIRTY - LATER
text: On Viktor's FEET. The ladder is further along now, half the
dialog: wall alréady painted. -
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: Viktor climbs down to
text: wrapped in paint-spia
text: underclothes. He resemb
dialog: Fashion experiment (faileé
text: fresh can of paint. He's now
dialog: astic, to protect his
dialog: kind of French Avant Garde
dialog: ° .
scene_heading: INT. INTERNATIONAL TERMINAL, eB) IRTY - DAWN
text: Looking tired but happy, Viktor $i up his ladder to go.
dialog: am
text: At the door, he turns back to a his perfectly painted
text: wall. He smiles to himself.
scene_heading: IN THE CORRIDOR
text: Viktor looks out across the runways. The first fingers of
text: early morning light are stretching out across the horizon.
text: Viktor continues ‘home', whistling.
scene_heading: EXT. RUNWAY - DAY
text: A Cathay Pacific jumbo jet takes off with a giant ROAR._
dialog: od
scene_heading: INT. INTERNATIONAL TERMINAL, BATHROOM - MORNING
text: A well-dressed BUSINESSMAN washes his hands at the sink,
text: checking out his reflection in the mirror.
text: Viktor emerges from one of the stalls behind him, wearing
text: white jockey shorts and a T-shirt and brushing his teeth.
text: The man watches’ as Viktor approaches one of the basins and
text: spits into it. The Businessman locks at Vikter, disgusted.
text: Viktor offers a toothpaste-lathered smile as an apology.
scene_heading: INT. INTERNATIONAL TERMINAL - MORNING
text: A stray luggage cart parked at an angle in the middle of the
text: concourse. Passing by, Viktor politely returns it to a nearby
text: machine. The machine's refund mechanism unexpectedly spits A
text: QUARTER back out.
text: Viktor looks around, pockets it.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER GATE
text: Viktor pushes two more carts and returns them to the machine.
text: Two more quarters pop cut.
dialog: Xs
speaker_heading: ANOTHER GATE ZL
text: Viktor rounds up worry carts. More quarters.
scene_heading: INT. TRANSIT LOUNGE, FOOD EA - DAY
text: viktor's HAND, full of — again he walks past
text: the multi-colored storefronts di ing various National
text: flags, smelling the air, pleased confused at the multitude
dialog: of aromatic options.
scene_heading: INT. TRANSIT LOUNGE, FOOD COURT - LATER
text: TWO BOWLS of hot minestrone on a moving tray, Viktor loading
text: on dozens of crackers on the way to the register, where he
text: hands over his coins.
text: The CASHIER glances az the crackers, then witheringly up at
text: Viktor, slides the next tray up.
scene_heading: FOOD COURT TABLES
dialog: 32.
text: Viktor, napkin carefully tucked into his shirt, slurps at
dialog: his soup.
text: Enrique, the First Class lounge Food Manager, driving his
text: motorized food trolley - whose engine makes an odd whistling
text: sound - notices Viktor, the curious man he saw ejected from
text: the lounges earlier, eating on the other side of the Food
dialog: Court .
text: He studies him for a moment, approaches Gupta, who's mopping
dialog: nearby.
speaker_heading: ENRIQUE
dialog: What's up with him?
speaker_heading: GUPTA
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: ENRIQUE
dialog: (pointing)
text: Brown suit. Two o'clock.
speaker_heading: GUPTA
dialog: Oh, him. Stuck here.
speaker_heading: ENRIQUE
dialog: Like ronson .
dialog: Worse. Some k aperwork problem.
dialog: Serious accord? Mulroy. He's living
dialog: over at 50. A)
speaker_heading: ENRIQUE Uf
dialog: Gate 50? CO
text: Gupta moves away with his mop-cart.
speaker_heading: GUPTA
dialog: Not such a bad part of the world.
text: A black Female CUSTOMS OFFICER passes Enrique. They exchange
text: a flirtatious little look.
speaker_heading: CUSTOMS OFFICER
dialog: (his cart)
dialog: Anything good to eat. -
speaker_heading: ENRIQUE
text: A little left-over Bratwurst. Tyrolean
dialog: Air.
text: She smiles, moves on.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
text: drinks the last of his soup, oblivious to the fact that he's
text: being watched. He puts down the bowl, tries to smile but
text: he's still famished.
text: viktor looks up - A FAMILY OF FOUR finishes a dinner of
text: Chinese food at a nearby table. The YOUNGEST, who's crying,
text: hasn't even touched his burger and Fries. Viktor stares at
text: the untouched meal longingly. Finally, the family gets up to
dialog: leave.
text: Viktor rises, instinctively MOVING TOWARD the table when a
text: BUSBOY appears out of nowhere and scoops up the all the trays -
text: including the untouched burger - and throws it away. Viktor
dialog: can't believe it.
speaker_heading: ENRIQUE
text: watches from the other side.
speaker_heading: ENRIQUE
dialog: He'll get tapeworm from those burgers.
scene_heading: INT. INTERNATIONAL TERMINAL, NEW WING, GATES - DAY
text: Karl, the.foreman and hi§\CREW MANAGER make an examination,
dialog: with plans, of work to ne .
speaker_heading: . ¢ GER
dialog: This section he ae take us till
dialog: March 30. °
speaker_heading: OQ
speaker_heading: KARL
dialog: If we want to make th dline all the
dialog: crews have to be syncop a, Brian. Like
dialog: a ballet.
speaker_heading: CREW MANAGER
dialog: {rolling his eyes)
dialog: I got it, Karl.
text: As they pass Gate Thirty, Karl notices the painted back wall.
speaker_heading: KARL
dialog: Hold on.
text: Karl and the Crew Manager enter the gate.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: te
text: appears, quietly follows them inside, excitedly anticipating
dialog: the positive reaction to his work.
speaker_heading: KARL
dialog: Who's been working here?
speaker_heading: CREW MANAGER
dialog: (checking his plans
dialog: No-one.
text: Karl holds up a paint-flecked finger.
speaker_heading: KARL
dialog: It doesn't look like no-one to me.
text: The Crew Manager shrugs, checking his schedules again.
speaker_heading: CREW MANAGER
dialog: We don't s.art here for another week.
text: Karl examines the precision work more closely.
speaker_heading: KARL
dialog: Look at this cornicing. Must be Harry's
dialog: crew. ww
dialog: (shaking his head in dismay)
dialog: Any chance to e us look bad. They're
text: trying to ca’ ouble again, Brian.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
text: crestfallen, disappears out “Oy.
scene_heading: INT. BAGGAGE HANDLING AREA - LY
text: His bag by his side and looking ri er forlorn, Viktor stares
text: at the empty carousels spinning for quite a long time.
text: Mulroy, emerges from behind a door marked "restricted',
text: tossing bags carelessly onto a cart. He sees Viktor at the
text: far end. Mulroy just watches, noting Viktor glancing at his
dialog: watch every once and a while.
text: Mulroy makes his way over. Viktor sees Mulroy coming, goes
text: back to watching his carousel.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR -
dialog: I was noticing this carousel here.
speaker_heading: MULROY
dialog: Carousel seven.
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
text: Yes. She takes fifty-eight seconds to go
text: in one circle.
speaker_heading: MULROY
dialog: ’ Really?
text: Viktor indicates the next carousel.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: And this one here.
speaker_heading: MULROY
text: Eleven. Carousel Eleven.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
text: Eleven, yes. She takes longer. Seventy
text: seconds. And they're the same size.
text: Mulroy stares at him, unimpressed.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: I think there's a problem with the ball
dialog: bearings.
dialog: ~
text: A beat.
dialog: I'll speak eering.
text: Mulroy hurls a bag carele
text: “ay owards his cart, missing it.
dialog: °
speaker_heading: VIKTOR }
dialog: Why de you throw the They belong
dialog: to the passengers.
speaker_heading: MULROY
dialog: When exactly are you leaving?
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: Any time. I'm on vacation.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: MULROY
dialog: One hell of a vacation.
text: The two men regard one another now and as they do some kind
text: ef understanding is reached between them, in the silence.
text: Mulroy subtly gestures to Viktor's bag, then nods to the
text: carousel.
dialog: ee
speaker_heading: MULROY
dialog: Just for the moment.
text: Viktor drops his bag on the carousel.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: (after him}
dialog: Thank you.
text: Walking away and without looking back, Mulroy raises his arm
text: to Viktor and disappears through the doors into the secured
dialog: Baggage Claim Area.
scene_heading: INT. BOOKSTORE - DAY
text: Viktor is in the 'Home Computing and Electronics’ section.
text: He refers to a simple guide to home electronics, copying a
text: diagram from an open page onto a food court napkin.
text: Viktor puts the book back on the shelf, turns -
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: .the Flight Attendant he helped earlier, browses in Historical
dialog: biographies nearby. ~
dialog: st in.a book, occasionally
dialog: in Spanish.
dialog: She's in her own world,
dialog: translating words to he
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: Viktor finds himself fx the spot, unable to blink
text: even, entranced by her um ed beauty, her calm, her
dialog: complete lack of self-consci “Or +
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (turning) Wy
dialog: You're creeping me out, ay buddy --
text: Then she recognizes him. Viktor almost jumps.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Oh...it's you.
text: A beat. Viktor's eyes are drawn down to her flat shoes.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
text: Better. Sensible heels.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (still a little thrown)
dialog: I didn't expect to see you again.
text: She smiles at him. He smiles back, awkwardly.
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Anyway...thanks again for the other day.
text: She looks at her watch.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: I'm going to be late again.
text: She starts walking. Viktor follows her, searching for
text: something, anything to say. He notices the biography of
dialog: Napoleon in her hand -
speaker_heading: - VIKTOR
dialog: So...you like history?
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Only when I fly. You get a lot of
dialog: perspective up there.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: Why Napoleon?
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: _. ° -Any story about a man with an ego bigger
dialog: than his own country has got to be good ~
text: for a few laughs.
dialog: (she looksSat the price).
text: Six hundred pages for nine, ninety nine.
dialog: Can't beat
speaker_heading: VI
dialog: I think maybe it fi te ego that saved
dialog: him.
text: She looks at him, puzzled. veh Bresmes --
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: After defeat at Waterloo, Napoleon was
text: exiled to the island of Elba. He felt
dialog: the only noble thing to do was commit
dialog: suicide.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But because he considered himself to be
dialog: superhuman he took six times the lethal
dialog: dose of poison.
text: He looks up. She's listening -
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: The amount was so huge his body rejected
text: it immediately. He didn't die. In the
dialog: end, you see, it was his ego that saved
dialog: him...
dialog: SB.
text: A long beat.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: I didn't know that.
text: A beat. She takes a closer look at him.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: You come through here a lot?
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: I'm here all the time.
text: She smiles, moving a little closer.
text: Nervous, Viktor begins taking random travel books off a nearby
dialog: shelf.
speaker_heading: AME UIA
dialog: {looking around)
dialog: Seems like that sometimes, doesn't it? I
dialog: don't know how you frequent flyers do
dialog: it.
text: He manages to put back 'Gay Beaches of the Caribbean' before
dialog: she notices.,
dialog: At least we ge
dialog: to today?
dialog: . Where are you off
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: She sees the assorted guided > Philippines in his hands.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Oh, Manila? Where the “ér opes come
dialog: from.
text: Viktor doesn't get it.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: It's a joke.
text: They walk towards the registers.
speaker_heading: IN LINE
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: {clutching an armful of books)
dialog: I...just can't decide.
text: She takes them out of his hands one by one, sorts through
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Not this one. Forget this. A total rip
dialog: off...
dialog: _ (she chooses one)
dialog: @ * This series is pretty reliable.
text: She drops it in Viktor's hand.
text: . VIKTOR .
dialog: Thank you.
text: He looks down at -
speaker_heading: THE BOOK
dialog: Lonely Planet.
text: ‘ Amelia picks up a second book of poetry from the counter
text: display, examines it.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Frankly poems are much better for the
dialog: air. You stand a chance of finishing one
dialog: before the passengers want something.
text: “It's Viktor's turn in line.
speaker_heading: ~ pe HIER .
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: @ 7 The cashier stares at Vil Sof tant asking for his book.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: (moving behind a
dialog: nervously) ©)
dialog: he.
dialog: She's got a flight to on
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (checking her watch again)
dialog: Shit. You're right.
text: She quickly hands her book to the cashier and pays.
text: At the door she turns back, waves. at Viktor and runs away
text: down the concourse.
speaker_heading: CASHIER
dialog: That'll be twelve, thirty four. Cash or
dialog: eredit?
text: Viktor turns to see the cashier's already rung up Viktor's
dialog: book.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: I've...changed my plans.
dialog: {taking thé book back)
dialog: I'm thinking more about...Osaka.
text: The Cashier looks at him.
speaker_heading: CASHIER
text: The Pacific Rim. Aisle three.’
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: Right.
text: He leaves.
scene_heading: INT. INTERNATIONAL TERMINAL, GATE FIFTY - NIGHT
text: Viktor returns to see a foil-covered white plastic TRAY
text: waiting by his 'bed'. He pulls back the foil -
text: A roll. A miniature salad. A tasty-looking miniature crumb
text: cake. Under a second layer of feil, some kind of
text: undeterminable frozen chicken. The name embossed onto the
dialog: sealed napkin pouch -~- KLM economy.
text: Next to it is a Britis ipways First class travel kit.
text: Viktor looks around the gat t's completely empty.
speaker_heading: VIKT °
dialog: Hello? bs
dialog: Xo
text: Open and laid out. Viktor, eating his salad, excitedly tries
text: out or plays with each of the following items: Silver
dialog: razor...mini shave foam...perfumed towelettes...ear
text: plugs. ..eye-shades...lip balm...mini-cologne soft-
dialog: spray...pencil and paper...toothbrush and toothpaste..-.nail
text: file...scissors...needle and thread.
speaker_heading: THE KIT
text: Viktor stuffs another plastic forkful of food into his mouth,
text: admiring his cache of personal grooming aids.
scene_heading: INT. GATE FIFTY - LATER
text: Viktor, now in his pajamas, and munching on the crumb cake,
text: stands. by the circuit box on the wall.
dialog: mae
text: We notice there are several more scratches on it, indicating
dialog: the passing of the days.
text: He pries opens the box and referring to the diagram he made
text: on the napkin in the bookstore, fiddles with the wires inside.
text: After a few aborted attempts - lights turning on and off
text: over various parts of the gate - the overhead light directly
text: above Viktor's ‘bed’ goes out. .
text: Moments later, Viktor is lying down in his bed, his coat
text: over him, smiling.
text: A long shot of the abandoned gate, well-lit except for the
text: area around Viktor's ‘bed', shrouded in darkness.
scene_heading: ARRIVALS/DEPARTURES BOARD
text: The first arrivals of the morning flash on the board...
dialog: Madrid... Madras... Bern... Addis Ababa...
scene_heading: INT. FOOD COURT - DAY
text: Viktor waits patiently by a microwave .at.the Heat-your-own
text: Burrito stand. A well-dressed WOMAN, 40s, waits behind him
text: in line with her burrito.
text: pair of SOCKS. They'r ite dry yet. He smiles at the
text: woman, pops them in for few seconds. He takes them
dialog: 2
text: When the oven pings Vi ir ens the door and pulls out a
speaker_heading: S
dialog: out, leaves. é
text: After Viktor's gone, the ences her burrito, thinks
dialog: better of it, decides to opt thing a little more
dialog: healthy instead.
scene_heading: INT. IMMIGRATION OFFICE - DAY LATER
text: Viktor reaches the head of the line. He slides his filled
text: out immigration form across the counter.
text: Officer Torres doesn't even bother to leok at it, matter-of-
text: factly stamps ENTRY DENIED across it.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: Next .
text: Viktor 'borrows' some blank Immigration forms with him as he
dialog: goes.
dialog: wee
dialog: 42.
scene_heading: INT. INTERNATIONAL TERMINAL, NEW WING CONCOURSE - DAY
text: In a corner not far from the stained plastic curtain, several
text: long lines of WORKERS waiting to get their assignments for
dialog: the day.
text: Viktor casually joins one of the lines. After a while, he
text: reaches the front. The Crew Manager doesn't bother looking
dialog: at him- .
speaker_heading: CREW MANAGER
dialog: Name?
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: Navorski, Viktor.
text: He checks his list.
speaker_heading: CREW MANAGER
dialog: I don't have you down here.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: I'm new.
speaker_heading: CREW MANAGER
dialog: What do you “do? .
dialog: Wy
dialog: Builder.
speaker_heading: a ike SAGER
dialog: Could you try andébe ittle more
dialog: specific? . WA
speaker_heading: VIKTOR 49)
dialog: Painter. Mason. Plumber
text: He looks Viktor over again.
speaker_heading: ‘CREW MANAGER
dialog: {to himsel£)
dialog: Great. A jerk of all trades.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: (straining to hear)
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: CREW MANAGER
dialog: Never mind. Who sent you anyway?
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: (hesitant)
dialog: I heard Harry --
speaker_heading: CREW MANAGER
dialog: {to his Junior)
dialog: ~- one of Harry's infamous
dialog: recommendations. A very bad omen, my
dialog: friend. He talk to you about pay and
dialog: terms?
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: (hesitant)
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: CREW MANAGER
dialog: He never does.
dialog: (warily handing him a slip)
text: Get a uniform from the shell.
text: He gestures over to the workers HUT nearby.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: Thank you. Thank you very much. . Fei
scene_heading: INT. WORKERS HUT - A FEW MINUTES LATER
text: Viktor emerges carryin oS of pressed white overalls and
text: a hat.
scene_heading: INT. GATE TEN - DAY
dialog: 2
text: Viktor, now sporting his new Bae s, walks in. The other
text: WORKERS, many of whom are Pue m, watch him arrive. He
dialog: waves politely at them 8
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: Hello. .
text: They ignore him, turning back to their work. Viktor spots
text: the brushes and paint in the corner. Helping himself he makes
text: his way over to the far side of the gate where no-one else
dialog: is working.
scene_heading: INT. GATE THIRTY - LATER
text: Viktor's wall is only half-painted. Viktor turns to see the
text: other workers packing up for the day. Their walls are already
dialog: finished.
dialog: a4.
text: Viktor turns back to his work. He conzinues slowly, carefully,
dialog: exactly.
scene_heading: INT. FOOD COURT AREA - NIGHT
text: Exhausted after his first day at work, Viktor - now changed
text: back into his suit - walks through the concourse.
text: Enrique's food trolley, its engine still making the strange
text: whistling noise, drives straight past him. Viktor turns,
text: sniffs the air.
text: He follows Enrique's trolley.
scene_heading: INT. CATERING RETURNS AREA - LATER
text: Enrique takes a hot tray of appetizers from a compartment on
text: his food trolley and hands it to a waiting BA catering WORKFR.
text: Ke sees Viktor standing there.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: Thank you for dinner. And toothpaste.
text: A very long beat. Enrique scrutinizes him. - —
speaker_heading: ENRIQUE -
dialog: How did man was me?
text: Viktor leans forward @ food trolley, smelling the
text: assorted aromas. He taps<on the compartments. Enrique
dialog: opens it. 7
dialog: f Oem
dialog: vixton 7)
dialog: It's the one you see)
speaker_heading: ENRIQUE “~~
dialog: {pretending to be unimpressed)
dialog: KLM? Those clog-wearing amateurs can't
dialog: cook to save their asses.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: I liked it. Thank you.
speaker_heading: ENRIQUE
dialog: (like it was nothing)
text: Returns. They get tossed anyhow.
dialog: - Now Cathay Imperial Class...
text: He opens another drawer, allows Viktor a brief, tantalizing
text: glimpse of an exquisite-looking MEAL before SLAMMING it shut
dialog: again -
dialog: “>.
speaker_heading: ENRIQUE
text: Not too many miles on it, either. It's
dialog: only come from Satitiago.
text: Enrique kisses his fingers, jumps back onto his train and
text: turns on the engine. It makes the strange whistling sound
dialog: again.
text: Viktor approaches, flips up the hood and makes a quick and
text: precise adjustment. The whistling stops.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: ENRIQUE
dialog: I could send a few more your way if you'd
dialog: like.
text: Viktor nods, graciously accepting the kind offer. Enrique
text: turns his cart around.
speaker_heading: ENRIQUE
dialog: I hear you're going to be with us for a
dialog: while.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: No. I leave any day now, -
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: Enrique takes off in t. er direction.
speaker_heading: EQ!
dialog: Really? I don't a koarding pass
text: sticking out of y CO. pocket.
text: Off Viktor's expression.
scene_heading: INT. TERMINAL - MORNING QD
text: Viktor walks past a row of PAY TV's. As he passes a WOMAN
text: leaves her booth, TV still on.
speaker_heading: TV (0.S.)
dialog: The situation in Eastern European
dialog: situation looks unlikely to be settled
dialog: in the immediate future --
text: Viktor stops in his tracks, turns, sits down in the vacant
text: booth to watch the news.
text: We hold on Viktor's face as we hear -
dialog: ao.
speaker_heading: TV NEWSCASTER
dialog: The United Nations delegation last night
dialog: could not even céfivince the Leaders of
dialog: the Principalities to agree on a meeting
dialog: place to begin talks aimed at resolving
dialog: the historical border --
text: The TV switches OFF. Viktor slaps it. Nothing. He fiddles
text: with all the buttons. Still nothing. Now Viktor hits the TV,
dialog: calls it a name.
text: Frustrated, he looks over to the next booth where a young
text: KID wearing Death Metal clothes watches cartoons. The Kid
text: turns to Viktor, a look of casual contempt.
text: Viktor smiles and leaves.
scene_heading: INT. GATE FIFTY - NIGHT
text: Viktor, in his pajamas now and ready for bed is at the circuit
text: box by the wall. He makes another groove in the wall with
text: his coin. There are dozens.
text: Viktor's expression, realizing it's not going to be "any day
dialog: now."
dialog: ~
scene_heading: INT. TERMINAL, UNITED won LONG HAUL DESK - NIGHT
dialog: $5
text: A TICKET GIRL, sits b abandoned desk, looks out at
text: the empty Terminal, ya’ : checks her watch, leaves.
text: Viktor appears, casually wa¥Kk= t the desk before ducking
dialog: behind it. OY, -
text: HANDS ruffle through a drawer - om stickers, forms, a
text: book of ticket stubs, slam it shut-
text: A SECOND DRAWER - a list of employees. Viktor's hands
text: nervously flick through it. The title at the top "Ground
dialog: Staff'. .
text: A THIRD DRAWER - Viktor finds another list of employees -
text: ‘JFK Flight staff schedules’.
text: He hurriedly pores down the list.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: Sanchez Amelia...Sanchez Amelia...
dialog: Sanchez Amelia...
dialog: mre
text: His fingers track down each name on the list, finally finding
speaker_heading: THE NAME -
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: (reading her full name aloud
dialog: from the card)
dialog: Amelia Luisa Sanchez.
text: Across from it...her exact schedule.
scene_heading: INT. INTERNATIONAL TERMINAL - NIGHT
text: Viktor waits for the flight crews emerging from a tunnel.
text: From the tunnel opposite, Viktor practices timing his walk
text: to coincide with the arriving crews.
text: He sees Amelia appear. Refolding his monogrammed handkerchief
text: in his top pocket and quickly cdjusting his tie, Viktor gives
text: his best impersonation of a "frequent-flyer" as he moves
text: towards her.
text: But it's not her...just a flight attendant who looks very
dialog: similar.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR -
dialog: ‘Sorry. es
text: Viktor returns to his position. He waits. Finally
dialog: he sees Ge
speaker_heading: AMELIA
text: waits till she gets closer to Ho it's her. It is.
text: He begins his walk
text: Amelia begins to smile when she sees -
speaker_heading: MAX
text: her boyfriend, a well-dressed Businessman wearing generous
text: amounts of gold jewelry. He opens his arms, kisses her
text: passionately. They go off arm in arm.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
text: crushed, watches them leave. .
text: Amelia and Max laugh and joke, kissing again, unable to keep
text: their hands off each other.
dialog: oe
dialog: ®
text: Viktor, dejected, starts walking back home across the
dialog: concourse.
speaker_heading: MULROY
text: watches from around a nearby corner, he's witnessed the whole
dialog: scene.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
text: continues ahead.
speaker_heading: MULROY (©. S. }
dialog: We're flying tonight.
text: Viktor turns to see where the whisper is coming from, sees
text: Mulroy standing there.
speaker_heading: MULROY
dialog: At eleven.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: (approaching)
dialog: Flying?
speaker_heading: ~ MULROY
dialog: Air Jamaica.
text: Viktor, puzzled.
dialog: Just meet me in O Carousel Six.
text: He disappears.
speaker_heading: A POT £H
text: boils angrily on a rickety hot plate.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. TERMINAL - MULROY'S HIDEAWAY
text: Deep in the bowels of the Baggage handling area, conveyors
text: and carousels groaning somewhere in the distance.
text: Mulroy stirs the pot, intermittently singing along to the
text: Loretta Lynn song coming out of the yellow Binatone stereo
text: and smoking a matching yellow corn-paper joint as he talks -
speaker_heading: MULROY
dialog: I've banged them all, man. Every trolley-
text: dolly from J.ereflot to Simbabwe Air.
dialog: There was one girl--
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: ay.
speaker_heading: MULROY
dialog: (a brief faraway look)
dialog: Aer Lingus.
text: o Viktor sits uncomfortably at a makeshift table in the corner -
text: a rusted DC 9 wing panel, staring down at enough roach clips
text: to hang a shower curtain.
speaker_heading: MULROY
dialog: They're not like normal women, Viktor.
dialog: They're some kind cf separate breed.
text: Flying back and forth across all those
text: time zones screws with their hormones.
dialog: Girls just shouldn't be up that high
dialog: that long. It's unnatural. Trust me,
dialog: unless you're just in the market for a
dialog: little fun, stay away, man.
text: Mulroy turns round with a taste on the end of a large cooking
dialog: spoon for Viktor -
speaker_heading: MULROY
dialog: Try this. My mother's recipe.
dialog: Viktor tastes it -
dialog: ~~
speaker_heading: VIBIOR
dialog: (grimaci
dialog: It's very good,
dialog: > of the old overhead 747
text: @ Mulroy reaches above him tg
text: containers - complete with Seon Am loge - opens it,
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: you.
text: pulls out a huge BONG made of piping, drops it in
text: front of Viktor.
text: Viktor examines it, worried. QD
speaker_heading: MULROY
dialog: Just the tonic for a man in your
dialog: predicament.
text: A bang at the door. Enrique appears, wheeling a labrador
text: under a blanket (SCOUT) on a make-shift trolleybehind him.
text: He hugs Mulroy, looks at Viktor.
speaker_heading: ENRIQUE
dialog: The man with no country.
text: Enrique reaches down, pulls out a couple of bottles of DOM
text: PERIGNON from under S..sut's blanket.
speaker_heading: MULROY
dialog: The Air France lounge?
dialog: sue
speaker_heading: ENRIQUE
dialog: (French Accent)
dialog: Mais bien sur. Merci!
speaker_heading: MULROY
dialog: :(taking the bottles, to Viktor)
dialog: Free to those that can't afford it.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: You stole them?
text: Enrique feigns shock.
speaker_heading: ENRIQUE
dialog: My God.
dialog: (mockingly, to Mulroy)
dialog: I stole them.
text: Enrique cackles as he pops the cork. Viktor's in no mood to
text: celebrate. He reaches down to Scout who licks his hand.
scene_heading: INT. MULROY' S HIDEAWAY - LATER
text: The room is filled with thick Marijuana smoke from the
text: superbong. The champagne bottles are empty too. Viktor looks
text: uncomfortable, almost like he wants to leave but is frightened
dialog: to excuse himself.
text: He reaches down to pe g again, noting the braces on
dialog: both his hind legs this «ime
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ENRIQUE ©
dialog: You like him, huh? old DEA dog.
dialog: They were about to ' him, if you
dialog: know what I mean, but ivinced them
dialog: to let me have him.
speaker_heading: MULROY
dialog: He's got a golden nose, this one.
scene_heading: SCOUT - IN FLASHBACK
text: Sniffing vigorously, his crippled legs dangling uselessly
text: from a luggage cart is wheeled slowly past a mountain of
text: BAGS by Mulroy. A furtive Enrique trails, making sure the
dialog: coast is clear...
speaker_heading: MULROY (V.0.) ~
text: We wheel him past the bags before the
text: first team dogs go in.
text: Scout starts to sniff and grab at a back pack. Mulroy opens
text: it, pulls out a small CUCINA DOLL inside, puts it in front
text: of Scout's nose. He barks. Mulroy twists off the doll's head,
text: looks inside, then up at Enrique...Bingo.
scene_heading: INT. MULROY'S HIDEAWAY - CONTINUOUS
text: Viktor watches as Enrique reaches down to the barrel hanging
text: off Scout's collar and pulls out two large bags of weed.
speaker_heading: ENRIQUE
dialog: (handing them to Mulroy)
text: Kingston Press. Fresh off the plane.
dialog: (Scout)
dialog: Good boy.
text: A lit joint already in his mouth, Mulroy shoves the bags of
text: weed into a little flight bag.
speaker_heading: MULROY
text: A little take-out.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: (watching Mulroy pack the
dialog: weed away)
dialog: What if they catch you? ~~
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: 's face. Viktor is beginning to
text: He exhales right into via
text: z is eyes are beginning to change.
text: look rather pale. He
dialog: Ye
dialog: No-one checks the (Bag e handlers’
dialog: baggage. It's an ansgese
dialog: Zp rule.
speaker_heading: ENRIQUE QD
dialog: They got more important ings to worry
dialog: about. Like you, Vik. When they going to
dialog: let you outta here, anyway?
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: Any day now.
text: Viktor begins eating Mulroy's 'stew'. For some reason, it
text: doesn't seem to taste that bad anymore.
speaker_heading: ENRIQUE
dialog: (a stoned laugh}
dialog: Someone's lying to you, man.
speaker_heading: MULROY
dialog: Leave him alone.
dialog: wee
speaker_heading: ENRIQUE
dialog: Fuck them. You should just leave.
speaker_heading: MULROY
dialog: They'll send him to the Detention Center.
speaker_heading: ENRIQUE
dialog: Not if they don't catch him.
dialog: {tokes, boldly)
dialog: I can get you out of here.
text: Viktor stops eating.
speaker_heading: MULROY
dialog: (to Viktor)
dialog: He can't get you out of here.
speaker_heading: ENRIQUE
dialog: Damn Skippy I can get him out of here!
text: Viktor chokes on the smoke again. His eyes are looking very
text: glazed over by now.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: UE
dialog: You could jus right out.
speaker_heading: VEKTORYS
dialog: I can't. ro
dialog: °
speaker_heading: ENRIQUE ]
dialog: Have you ever been i ecfhe wheel well
dialog: of an A3507
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: ENRIQUE
text: It's the size of a one bedroom apartment.
speaker_heading: MULROY
dialog: He'd freeze to death.
speaker_heading: ENRIQUE
dialog: (like he's an imbecile)
dialog: I don't know whether you've noticed,
dialog: Mulroy, but there have been some
text: breathtaking advances in Western
dialog: technology in the last few years.
text: A withering look from Mulroy as he hands Enrique the joint.
dialog: ve.
speaker_heading: ENRIQUE
dialog: Industrial grade Aluminum foil.
text: Viktor stares at Enrique, his drug-addled brain taking hold
dialog: of the idea -
scene_heading: EXT. SKY - VIKTOR'S FANTASY
text: A gleaming 747 makes its final approach to the runway.
scene_heading: INT. WHEEL WELL - CONTINUOUS
text: A pair of eyes, icicles dripping off the brows, stare
text: terrified out of a small hole beneath thick layers of Aluminum
dialog: foil.
scene_heading: INT. COCKPIT - CONTINUOUS
text: The CAPTAIN activates his landing gear. A button flashes a
text: MALFUNCTION. He looks to his CO-PILOT, aghast.
speaker_heading: THE TARMAC
text: Minutes later. FIRE MARSHALS pick over the charred, smoking
text: - WRECKAGE of the downed Jet.
dialog: ~
speaker_heading: FI © MARSHALL
dialog: Take a look Chis, sir:
text: The SENIOR MARSHALL com ov and watches as carbon-streaked
text: layers of tin foil are pe ack. Steam and smoke pour
speaker_heading: from the center OQ
text: The last layer is peeled away.
speaker_heading: FIRST MARS By
dialog: Mother of God.
speaker_heading: SENIOR MARSHALL
text: Baked like a potato.
scene_heading: INT. MULROY'S HIDEAWAY - CONTINUOUS
text: Mulroy laughing. Viktor's expression, horrified.
speaker_heading: ENRIQUE
dialog: Maybe that one's not for you.
text: Enrique waves in front of Viktor's eyes. Viktor seems to be
text: catatonic. Mulrey still laughing.
speaker_heading: ENRIQUE
dialog: Viktor, are you alright?
speaker_heading: MULROY
dialog: I think he's having a heart attack.
speaker_heading: ENRIQUE
dialog: (eureka)
dialog: That's it! Cardiac arrest. They'll have
dialog: to take him to emergency at St. Joseph's.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR'S MIND
text: viktor, on a gurney and clutching his chest is rushed out of
text: the Terminal to a waiting AMBULANCE.
scene_heading: INT. AMBULANCE
text: Strapped down on the gurney, Viktor has electrodes attached
text: te every part of his body.
text: PARAMEDIC ONE “reads off the monitors.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: EDIC ONE
dialog: Lungs, kidneys,
dialog: ‘s in perfect health.
dialog: {consulting Vikte chart)
dialog: Since he has no lesa 3h t to be in
dialog: this country, I see on why his
dialog: ergans shouldn't be hi ed...
dialog: Not just his *
dialog: corneas. Eves
speaker_heading: PARAMEDIC ONE
dialog: (getting the idea)
dialog: ...for legitimate U.S. citizens.
text: Viktor RIPS all the electrodes off his body.
scene_heading: INT. MULROY'S HIDEAWAY - LATER
text: Viktor looks whiter than a sheet. Mulroy is laughing so much
text: how no sound is coming out.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: {calmly crawling off, hoarse)
dialog: Thank you for a lovely evening.
text: Enrique and Mulroy high five.
scene_heading: ARRIVALS/DEPARTURES BOARD
text: The first morning arrivals flicker to life ....
dialog: Durban...Vienna...Monte Carlo...Kinchassa..-
scene_heading: EXT. RUNWAY - DAY
text: A Mexicana 747 takes off with a ROAR.
scene_heading: INT. INTERNATIONAL TERMINAL, NEW WING - MORNING
text: Viktor, looking worse for wear, and the other workers emerge
text: from the hut in their overalls, ready to begin on the next
dialog: gate.
speaker_heading: KARL
text: poking his head out of Gate Ten, shouts over to his men -
speaker_heading: KARL
dialog: You. All of you. Here. Now.
scene_heading: MINUTES LATER oT
text: Viktor and the’ other workmen stand in front of Viktor's
dialog: perfectly painted wall. aa
dialog: 
dialog: Gather round.
text: Smiling, Karl runs his tingere (Epp the intricate moulding
dialog: work at the hase. Ye
dialog: 9
speaker_heading: KARL
dialog: See this, Gentlemen. Old world
dialog: craftsmanship. Detailed. Precise.
dialog: Beautiful.
dialog: @k7 ae this.
text: Viktor's thrilled.
speaker_heading: KARL
dialog: So, who did it?
text: Viktor's simply too embarrassed to take the credit.
speaker_heading: KARL
dialog: Come on, I'm sure we'd all love to know
dialog: who's responsible for such beautiful
dialog: work.
text: Viktor, finally overcoming his humility, steps forward.
speaker_heading: KARL
dialog: What's you're name?
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: Viktor.
text: Karl approaches, his smile suddenly dropping -
speaker_heading: KARL
dialog: {gesturing to the walls)
dialog: It's got to stop, Viktor.
text: Viktor, confused.
speaker_heading: KARL
dialog: This is an airport. People want to get
dialog: through here as fast they can. No-one
text: notices the goddamn walls in an airport.
dialog: - work like this takes too long. We miss
dialog: our deadline, don't get my target bonus.
dialog: - And if I don'g’gt mine, then you -
dialog: (gesturig ly)
dialog: - all of you, @on!' et yours.
text: look at each other.
speaker_heading: KARL LZ
dialog: People like you are stopping everyone
dialog: else from making money.
dialog: viktor wishes the earth wou Or. him up. The Workers
text: The Workers glare at Viktor. Karl nears him.
dialog: Hesitantly -
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: I can do the best job...quicker.
text: A long beat.
speaker_heading: KARL
dialog: co I don't think so.
scene_heading: INT. GATE FIFTEEN - MOMENTS LATER
text: Karl leads Viktor into the abandoned gate, trailed by the
dialog: other workers.
speaker_heading: KARL
dialog: Okay, you've got until lunchtime.
text: Viktor looks around the huge gate. After a moment ~
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: The whole gate?
speaker_heading: KARL
dialog: Any one of these men could paint this
dialog: whole gate before lunch...
dialog: {turning to them)
dialog: .right?
text: They all shake their heads, delighting in Viktor's torment.
text: Viktor nods his head, alright.
text: Karl leaves the gate, trailed by the workers, a couple of
text: them high-fiving.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR &z
text: looks around at the e
scene_heading: INT. NEW ‘WING, OFFICE -
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: a of WALL. He gulps.
text: Karl is arguing loudly the Lo ian, the Crew Manager
text: appears. He looks worried.
dialog: CREW sora!
speaker_heading: KARL
dialog: Karl.
dialog: . What?
speaker_heading: CREW MANAGER
dialog: You'd better come here.
scene_heading: INT. GATE FIFTEEN - MINUTES LATER
text: The clock on the wall reads ten minutes to one. Viktor sits
text: calmly in the middle of the room finishing a TWA children's
dialog: fish supper.
dialog: vee
text: Karl and Brian arrive. Karl can hardly believe his eyes.
dialog: viktor's not only painted everything perfectly, he's finished
text: the moulding on the base as well.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: KARL
dialog: I don't like you, Navorski.
text: He leaves. Viktor savors the last of his Jello cup.
scene_heading: INT. INTERNATIONAL TERMINAL, MAIN CONCOURSE - DAY
text: Returning from work, Viktor walks across the main concourse.
text: People are starting to recognize him.
text: DUSTY, A sandy-haired airlines purser approaches, handing
dialog: viktor a Continental Club Class travel kit.
speaker_heading: DUSTY
dialog: Enrique told me about your...
dialog: (looking around)
dialog: ...'situation’.
text: Viktor takes it, slightly surprised.
dialog: 
dialog: (leaving
dialog: I'm Dusty.
speaker_heading: DUSTY Wr
dialog: No, that's my name. oS)
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: I'm Sorry. Thank you.
scene_heading: EXT. RUNWAY - NIGHT
text: An Air Canada 767 taxis into the deserted gate area, landing
text: lights flickering through the falling rain.
scene_heading: INT. TERMINAL, UPPER CONCOURSE - INDIVIDUAL PAYPHONE AREA
text: Viktor nears a bank of public phones, each topped with a
text: Plexiglas bubble for privacy.
text: He slows, hearing an agitated WOMAN'S VOICE. As Viktor gets
text: closer he realizes she's screaming in rapid-fire Spanish.
text: The argument crescendoes, insults coming fast and furious.
text: The Woman finally SLAMS down the phone. We hear a muffled
dialog: sob.
text: The woman steps out of the bubble. It's Amelia. Tears in her
dialog: eyes. .
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Asshole.
text: She kicks the phone.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Asshole phone!
text: She collapses into her seat, rifles through her bag for a
text: Kleenex, tips the entire thing up. Suddenly -
scene_heading: 3. MONOGRAMMED HANDKERCHIEF
text: appears in front of her face. The one that's been poking out
text: of Viktor's suit pocket since the day he arrived’
text: She looks up, sees es
dialog: You again? “is
text: Vikter gently places the ha ief next to her and starts
dialog: to go. “pi
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: What are you trying to 4
text: Viktor pauses where he is, a deer in the headlights. She
text: grabs the handkerchief, tries to wipe away her tears, the
text: mascara running down her face. She blinks. It hurts.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Goddamn things.
text: She looks for her contacts case amidst the contents of her
text: bag, spread out everywhere.
text: She gets down on the floor, hunting for them, looking under
text: the seat. Viktor joins in.
dialog: @
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Men. You're all the same. You should all
dialog: come with a little warning sticker from
dialog: the World Health Authority - ‘Anything
dialog: that comes out of this mouth is
dialog: horseshit'.
text: Viktor finds the case, hands it to her -
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: It's a simple 'yes or no' question? ‘Are
dialog: you leaving her?' "Yes or No? How
dialog: complicated is that?
text: She opens it, begins peeling the contacts out of her eyes-
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Tell me the truth so-I can get on with
dialog: my life. Is that really so much to ask?
dialog: (her eye)
dialog: Ow.
text: She starts sobbing again. Viktor is unsure what to do. He
text: considers putting his hand on her shoulder, thinks better of
text: it. sits down quietly next to her instead. - —
text: After a moment, she Ne viktor, a little calmer now.
dialog: You love him. Zp
speaker_heading: AMELIR/ ©
dialog: I wanted to marry nig ean, he's
dialog: already married but ©
dialog: 74
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: Three of you. Crowded.
text: She laughs, looks at him -
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: {as it occurs to her}
dialog: What are you doing here at this hour
dialog: anyway?
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: ...I'm delayed.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Again? You need to find a new travel
dialog: agent.
text: She notices the flecks of paint on his hands.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: What business are you in?
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: Building.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Building?
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: I travel between one building and another
dialog: building...building. International
dialog: building. Yes.
dialog: {glancing nervously at his
dialog: watch}
dialog: I'd better get to my gate.
text: As he gets up to leave, she watches him.
text: Viktor turns back. He wants to say something...but he can't.
text: He continues on his way.
scene_heading: ARRIVALS/DEPARTURES BOARD
dialog: Flight information for endless destinations flickers to~-
text: life...Dar Es Salaam...Madrid...Dublin,..Bonn...-
scene_heading: INT. IMMIGRATION OFFI ¥ -
text: Viktor reaches the head <@f + line. He slides his filled
text: out immigration form acro i counter.
dialog: 2
text: Officer Torres looks at Viktor;
scene_heading: os ENTRY DENIED across
text: the green form. Viktor leaves ZH
dialog: OFFICER TO!
text: Viktor turns, approaches the window again.
dialog: Viktor.
speaker_heading: OFFICER TORRES
dialog: (a discreet whisper)
dialog: Listen, Viktor. Just between us. You
dialog: don't have to £111 the form out every
dialog: time. Why don't you fill out a pile and
dialog: I'll just stamp them with different dates?
dialog: Might save you some time.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR ~
dialog: I don't want to get you into any trouble.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: OFFICER TORRES
dialog: You may be illegal Viktor, but you're a
dialog: gentleman.
text: Viktor helps himself to some blank IMMIGRATION, FORMS as he
dialog: leaves.
scene_heading: INT. INTERNATIONAL TERMINAL - DAY
text: Viktor and the other WORKERS are on a lunch break. The Crew
text: Manager comes round with paychecks. He hands an envelope to
dialog: everyone except Viktor.
speaker_heading: CREW MANAGER
dialog: You didn't fill out the paperwork
dialog: properly.
text: Viktor looks up at him.
speaker_heading: CREW MANAGER
dialog: I can't pay you without a social security
dialog: mnmber, Viktor.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR -
dialog: It's okay.
dialog: 
dialog: Viktor doesn't seem that
text: Viktor smiles.
dialog: Well, as soon as you get it.
text: Viktor goes back to his tuna salad sandwich. -
dialog: Karl caught the exchange.
text: He approaches, reaches into his pocket, stuffs a couple of
text: bills into Viktor's top overall pocket.
speaker_heading: KARL
dialog: An advance. Till it gets straightened
dialog: out.
dialog: A long beat -
dialog: os
speaker_heading: KARL
dialog: (reluctantly)
dialog: ...¥ou're a good worker, Viktor.
text: eo Karl leaves. Viktor pulls out the two twenty dollar bills,
text: + Jooks at them, smiles, takes another bite of his sandwich
text: and wanders over to the
speaker_heading: UNFILLED HOLE
text: In the middle of the New Wing walkway that he saw when he
text: first arrived. It's become a make-shift garbage dump...old
text: paint cans, drink containers, discarded building materials..
text: An idea is forming in his mind.
scene_heading: INT. BAGGAGE CLAIM AREA - LATER
text: Vik or, taking some things out cf his bag on the carousel,
text: spots Mulroy as he emerges f.om che Baggage claim security
text: doors at the far end, wearing plain clothes. He looks like
text: he's on his way home.
text: As Viktor looks up he notices a couple of POLICE OFFICERS
text: casually milling around. Viktor senses something is wrong.
dialog: 
dialog: ~
text: He stands up, sees SCO lulroy's lame Labrador, being put
text: into a cage by two HAND on the other side of a nearby
dialog: partition. |
text: @ He turns around, his eye hep ng one of the Policemen
text: “mouthing something surrept OMY into a radio as he-
text: discreetly tracks Mulroy ey way across the hall...
text: Viktor hurries towards Mulroy. spots him, smiles.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: (angry) a
dialog: You lost my bag again. ~
speaker_heading: MULROY
dialog: What the hell are you talking about?
text: Viktor starts to throw a fit.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: Iitve had it with you, Mulroy.
dialog: (a whisper)
dialog: They're waiting for you. to
speaker_heading: MULROY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: Fight with me.
text: Viktor pushes him.
speaker_heading: MULROY
dialog: {pushing back)
dialog: Damn right, I'm going to fight with you.
text: The policemen watch the exchange, confused.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: Don't push me.
dialog: (whisper)
dialog: They know.
text: Mulroy begins to sense the policeman now too.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: (whisper)
dialog: Give it to me. They won't stop me.
text: He pushes Mulroy again.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: ~ (angrily)
dialog: Everything I h$ye in the world is in
dialog: that bag! -
text: The Policemen are vessnher stir, starting to move casually
dialog: towards them now...
dialog: &
speaker_heading: MULROY
dialog: I never touched you: bag!
dialog: (whisper, subtly ing)
dialog: The phones.
text: They begin to move as they push and shove each other --
speaker_heading: MULROY
dialog: I£ you've got a complaint, go to Window
dialog: c.
text: viktor pushes him against the phones.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: Why should I go to window C? You lost my
dialog: bag. 7
speaker_heading: THE PHONES
text: In a flash TWO TAPED PACKAGES are suddenly lodged in the
text: booth alcove.
text: Mulroy pushes Viktor back against the booth now. Viktor
text: clumsily scoops the packages under his coat.
speaker_heading: MULROY
dialog: That's right. Find it yourself.
text: Several policeman, including their bald Sergeant, suddenly
dialog: surround Mulroy.
speaker_heading: MULROY
dialog: What?
text: They start to hustle him away.
speaker_heading: MULROY
dialog: What's your problem, Kojak?
text: Moving away from the phones, Viktor sighs with relief. A DOG
text: stares at Viktor, looking over its shoulder as it's led away
dialog: by the Handler.
text: Viktor suddenly sees Mercer and Thurman walking TOWARDS HIM.
text: He freezes, looks like he wants to die.
speaker_heading: THURMAN
dialog: What's going on, Navorski? We haven't
dialog: seen you at th@\counter in days.
dialog: ee
dialog: (sweating
dialog: Busy.
dialog: 2
speaker_heading: THURMAN
dialog: {neticing the s
dialog: What's wrong? Too hot re for you?
dialog: Cause we can certainly the heat up.
text: A beat. They walk away.
scene_heading: INT. RESTROOM - LATER
scene_heading: THE TWO PACKAGES
text: of drugs, taped up. Viktor stares down at them in his hands.
text: He rips open the packages, pours the marijuana into the toilet
text: bowl, flushes.
text: Viktor emerges from the stall. A Hippie BACK PACKER is at
text: the sink. He watches Viktor in the mirror, notices his hands
text: are covered with buds. viktor washes them.
text: The Back Packer looks at Viktor longingly as he leaves.
scene_heading: INT. INTERNATIONAL TERMINAL - DAY
text: viktor, still shaken, walks across the teeming main concourse.
text: Opposite him on the other side is the Airport Police Station.
text: Just as Viktor passes, he sees
speaker_heading: MULROY
text: emerging from a door across the way, two angry-looking Airport
text: Cops closing the door after him.
text: Mulroy sees Viktor. They stand and stare at each other for a
text: moment, Mulroy finally mouthing the words 'thank you'.
text: Viktor nods back.
text: From above, the two mea, or opposite sides of the busy
text: concourse, walk off in opposite directions.
scene_heading: INT. INTERNATIONAL TERMINAL, GATE FIFTY - NIGHT
text: Viktor, yawning, arrives back at the end of a very long day.
text: He peels off his overalls and folds them up.
text: He turns to his ‘bed’.
text: There, on the end of it hi onogrammed handkerchief, folded
text: and laundered. On top of elia's biography of Napoleon.
dialog: o
text: Viktor opens it, inside AN IN ON - ‘For Viktor, in
dialog: exile Amelia."
text: Down at the bottom in smaller ee - 'P.S. see page
dialog: 524!
text: Viktor looks around. The entire gate is empty. Not a single
text: noise apart from the distant whir of the cleaning machines.
text: He traces his finger over her. signature, opens the book to
dialog: the first page...
speaker_heading: LATER
text: The light above his bed out, Viktor sleeps, his arms clutching
text: the open book on his chest. ~
scene_heading: ARRIVALS/DEPARTURES BOARD
dialog: More destinations flicker to
dialog: \ife...Edinburgh...Rio...Florence...Lima...
scene_heading: INT. INTERNATIONAL TERMINAL - NEW WING, GATES ~ DAY
text: Perching on metal scaffolding with a mouth full of nails,
text: Viktor hammers in dry-wall.
text: Amelia enters the gate. She looks up, watches Viktor for a
dialog: moment .
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Viktor.
text: He turns, manages what passes for a smile.
text: She approaches.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: They said I'd find you here.
text: He mumbles something, nails in his mouth, takes them out.
text: Ak beat. He puts down his tools. ~
dialog: oo:
dialog: I guess you 6 c have a bad travel
dialog: agent -- lg>
speaker_heading: vixToR/
dialog: o
dialog: -- I gust didn't ay te tell you.
speaker_heading: AMELIA CO
dialog: You lied to me, Viktor
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: (looking away)
dialog: Io--
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: -- It's okay. In fact, © like that you
dialog: lied to me.
text: He's confused.
speaker_heading: AMELIA ~
dialog: You're not very good at it, Viktor.
dialog: (beat)
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: It's the ones that are, that are the
dialog: probiem.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: I didn't think...
text: (gesturing around the airport,
dialog: hunting for the words)
dialog: .. because of...this.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Well, what's...wrong with this?
text: She nears him. A beat.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: There's nothing to be ashamed of.
dialog: It's difficult for him tr accept that.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: Who told you?
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Come on, Viktor. Everyone in the Terminal
dialog: knows about you. ~
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: Viktor looks away. Shé s to climb the scaffolding.
text: (nervously ‘ing, helping
dialog: her up the Pp)
dialog: Careful, fresh pain
text: She doesn't care. ZO
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: {looking down again)
dialog: You get a lot of perspective.
text: She smiles. Viktor's starting to feel a little more relaxed.
text: For a moment they just watch PEOPLE walking back and forth
text: below them.
text: A very long beat.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: I guess they don't deliver pizza or
dialog: anything up here.
text: He smiles, taking off his paint-spattered smock.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: Allow me.
scene_heading: INT. TERMINAL, UPPER CONCOURSE - LATER
dialog: @
text: Munching on slices of pizza, Viktor and Amelia stroll through
text: the upper concourse. People greet and wave at Viktor as he
text: passes.
text: She seems to enjoy being with him.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: Everything you could ever want is right
dialog: here in the Terminal.
text: (pointing with his slice
dialog: below them)
dialog: Five thousand people work on these three
dialog: levels alone. There are 324 retail
dialog: outlets, 245 restaurants, a police
text: station, a church, a fire department, a
dialog: Post Office. Even the FBI and the CIA
text: have offices in the basement.
speaker_heading: ; AMELIA
dialog: - I had no idea.
speaker_heading: VIBIOR
dialog: Every nationality every color, every
text: language. T ee world under one roof.
dialog: e He stops.
dialog: °
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: You see it doesn't ho you are on
dialog: the outside, everyone Oo go through
dialog: Customs and Immigration>in here,
dialog: everyone's equal.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: I've really never thought about it like
dialog: that.
text: Beat. She's about to toss her pizza crust.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: No, don't.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: VIKTOR _
dialog: (taking her hand)
dialog: We're going to the zoo.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: They have a zoo?
scene_heading: INT. QUARANTINE - MOMENTS LATER
text: Amelia and Viktor enter the large room filled with ANIMALS
text: in cages. The noise is intense.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: t don't think I've ever smelled anything
dialog: like this before.
text: Viktor leads her down to a vast cage at the end of the room.
text: Inside, are about three hundred bright yellow and green
speaker_heading: CANARIES.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: They're beautiful.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: -" °°“ tomorrow they go to the sanctuary in
dialog: Oslo. ~
text: They push their pizza in the bars. The birds flock to
text: them, pecking away at ¢ Busts .
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR JY
dialog: I thought I told you.
text: He looks at her, smiles --
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: I have everything I need right here.
scene_heading: INT. INTERNATIONAL TERMINAL, MAIN PARTITION DOORS - DAY
text: Amelia stands at the door, Viktor beside her. She glances
text: almost guiltily to the exit.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: I'd better get going.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: I wish I could walk you to the cab.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Listen, in the morning I fly to San Jose,
dialog: then to Sao Paulc, but when I get back --
dialog: ®
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: -- how long?,
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (checks her watch)
text: About eighty six hours.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: Girls just shouldn't be up that high
dialog: that long.
text: Ame.ia smiles.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: So maybe we could --
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: - Dinner.
dialog: 
dialog: Arrivals/Departure
text: She kisses him on the cheek, he
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: (after her)
dialog: Eighty-six hours!
text: On the Board clock, the minute CLICKS over.
scene_heading: INT. INTERNATIONAL TERMINAL GATE FIFTY - NIGHT
text: A paint brush paints over the grooves in the wall indicating
text: she months of Viktor's "incarceration" in the airport.
text: Viktor smiles and settles back in bed. He idly constructs a
text: beautiful paper airplane - a McDonnel Douglas DC 10, jets
text: and all - made from ‘borrowed’ folded forms from Immigration.
scene_heading: ARRIVALS/DEPARTURES BOARD
dialog: A slew of new destinations |
dialog: appears...Madrid...Bogota...Nice...Seoul...
scene_heading: INT. INTERNATIONAL TERMINAL, MAIN CONCOURSE - ANOTHER DAY
text: We follow VIKTOR as he walks through the main concourse. By
dialog: now almost everyone who works.in the Terminal knows him,
text: acknowledging him with a wave or a 'Hello, Viktor.’
text: As he crosses the floor smiling back at people, it is as if
text: the town Mayor is greeting his constituents on the way to
dialog: City Hall.
scene_heading: INT. INTERNATIONAL TERMINAL, VARIOUS PLACES - DAY
text: VIKTOR wanders through the Terminal passing beneath the
text: information point sign. Mistaking Viktor's meticulous suit
dialog: and tie for the uniform of some member of airport personnel -
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: I'm sorry. Do you work here?
speaker_heading: “VIKTOR
dialog: No.
dialog: (glancing her ticket)
dialog: Gate twenty tw.
text: She leaves. Another win time with her YOUNG CHILD,
text: approaches.
dialog: °
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: igiancing to he )
dialog: Sixteen.
text: A young MAN sees Viktor's giving out information. He
text: approaches, doesn't even say a word before -
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: Eighty-four.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: I haven't shown you my ticket yet.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: You're visiting friends or relatives in
dialog: Ho Chi Minh City.
text: The Man is thrown.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: How the hell did you know that?
text: Viktor points to the large cannisters of coffee the man is
text: carrying in plastic bags.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
text: Coffee shortage. Gate Eighty-four.
scene_heading: INT. INTERNATIONAL TERMINAL - LATER
text: An overwhelmed airport Attendant beckons to Viktor and hands
text: off a curmudgeonly wheelchair-bound MAN. The man cusses at
dialog: the appalling service.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: In thirty-five years of air travel I've
dialog: never experienced anything remotely like
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: Thank you very much.
scene_heading: INT. INTERNATIONAL TERMINAL - DAY
text: A MOTHER struggles with the coin-slot on the broken motorized
text: HORSE her CHILD sits on ing because it won't move.
text: As viktor passes on his ck towards the new wing he
text: kicks the horse in just 2 t place. It begins to rock
dialog: back and forth...
dialog: °
text: The Mother smiles at him. O
scene_heading: EXT/ INT. INTERNATIONAL TERMINI ENANCE ROOM - LATER
text: In a good mood, Viktor walks past one of the maintenance
text: rooms, hears the noise of a FIGHT, enters.
text: A pair of CLEANERS, their mops raised, spar viciously with
text: each other while other CLEANERS surround them, egging them
dialog: on.
text: As Viktor gets closer he realizes one of the cleaners is
dialog: Gupta.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: What is happening here?
speaker_heading: CLEANER
text: An old grudge. Ancient rivals from
dialog: neighboring villages -- back in their
dialog: homeland.
text: The two men fight viciously.
speaker_heading: ‘ CLEANER
dialog: The wound was re-opened because Gupta
dialog: went to the movies with Sanjay's
dialog: girlfriend, Pria.
text: Viktor steps forward, moving very close to them. He clears
text: his throat. The cleaners don't even notice him.
text: Viktor clears his throat again, LOUDLY this time.
text: Still, the cleaners go at it with their mops like crazed
text: cocks, oblivious.
text: Finally, and very loudly -
speaker_heading: - VIKTOR
scene_heading: GENTLEMEN. STOP!...Please.
text: Everyone, including the fighting cleaners, freezes, stunned
text: by Viktor's -uncharacterifgic outburst.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: This is the intéymational Transit lounge.
dialog: This is a neutral ong> Whatever
dialog: differences you may in the outside
dialog: world do not matter
text: Viktor gently takes their mops, them into their buckets
text: and leaves.
text: Everyone stands there, speechless, watching him go...
scene_heading: INT. INTERNATIONAL TERMINAL, NEW WING - DAY
text: Viktor sits in front of the
speaker_heading: UNFILLED HOLE
text: excitedly sketching something out on a food court napkin.
scene_heading: EXT. RUNWAY-- DAWN
text: An EL-AL AIRBUS THREE THIRTY takes off with a roar.
scene_heading: INT. INTERNATIONAL TERMINAL - EARLY MORNING
text: A red-faced Viktor, now wearing only his underclothes, jogs
text: alongside the people mover.
text: After several strides he reaches across for the bottle of
text: water that keeps pace with him on the moving hand-rail.
text: A bemused maintenance WORKER watches Viktor go by. Viktor
text: waves at him, gasping for breath.
text: The Worker just stares at Viktor.
scene_heading: INT. IMMIGRATION WAITING ROOM - MORNING
text: .Without breaking stride Viktor jogs up to the window, drops
text: his filled-out immigration card on the counter and keeps
text: rumning in a little circle until Officer Torres has stamped
text: ENTRY DENIED on the card.
text: He grabs it again and jogs away, picking up some blank
text: immigration forms as he goes.
text: Officer Torres watches him leave.
scene_heading: INT. INTERNATIONAL TERMINAL, REFURBISHED GATE - LATER
text: Viktor lifts neers niece broken stone from the old wails
text: left in the corner of for pick-up onto Enrique's
dialog: food trolley.
scene_heading: INT. INTERNATIONAL. TERMIN: MA CONCOURSE - DAY
text: Viktor unloads the pieces of s e& the gaping hole.
speaker_heading: LATER
text: Viktor excavates the mess and garbage inside with a shovel.
text: LATER Liquid concrete pours into the cleaned base from a
text: mixer. Viktor stops the mixer when the base is covered.
speaker_heading: LATER
text: The stone pieces are laid out in a rough crescent around the
text: half-filled hole.
scene_heading: INT. FIRST CLASS LOUNGE AREA ~ NIGHT
text: Viktor and the surly Steward, who prevented Viktor's entry
text: into the Air France Lounge earlier, have a hushed
dialog: @ conversation.
speaker_heading: STEWARD
dialog: This is highly irregular, Viktor.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: I promise. Not a word to anyone.
text: A beat. The Steward sighs dramatically.
speaker_heading: STEWARD
dialog: I'm only doing this because it's you.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: Thank you, Piexce.
text: A beat before the Steward drops some KEYS into Viktor's hand.
speaker_heading: STEWARD
dialog: {after him)
dialog: Don't make a mess. You know what they ‘re
dialog: like.
scene_heading: INT. BAGGAGE CLAIM
dialog: 
dialog: Viktor, taking some thi.
text: . sees Mulroy approaching.
dialog: ‘fo
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: Mulroy, I need a ne on wondered
dialog: whether -
speaker_heading: MULROY
dialog: What am I, a tailor? You need Hector.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: MULROY
dialog: Basement .
scene_heading: INT. LOST LUGGAGE - NIGHT
dialog: instrument cases, trunks. °
text: Strange and dark in here. Cases piled upon cases.
text: of his bag on the carousel,
dialog: Skis,
dialog: ene
text: The farther Viktor moves inside the place the more it starts
text: to resemble some kind of bizarre Souk - African drums, musty
text: fur coats in plastic, half an accordion...
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Can I help you?
text: viktor spins to see the plump, red-haired HECTOR sitting
text: behind the dusty counter. He speaks with the aid of a tracheal
text: vocal device.
text: It takes a while for Viktor to say anything.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: I am Viktor Navorski. Mulroy sent me --
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: I know who you are. What do you expect
dialog: me to do, rell out the red carpet?
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: That's okay.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: Wnat do you want? -
dialog: Viktor pauses. é&
dialog: To borrow som ingSenart to wear.
text: Hector looks at him, chink’ (bw ‘ait.
speaker_heading: HECTOR Li
dialog: Come here, then. Let' Qa proper look
dialog: at you.
text: Viktor approaches. Hector turns him around.
speaker_heading: HECTOR
dialog: {grumpily)
dialog: What are you, a forty two short?
text: Viktor shrugs.
scene_heading: INT. INTERNATIONAL TERMINAL, MAIN CONCOURSE - NIGHT
text: Karl and his crew Manager stand by the hole, looking down at
speaker_heading: THE FOUNDATION
text: Viktor's laid.
speaker_heading: KARL
dialog: What the hell's going on? This is just
text: meant to be filled and tiled over.
text: The Crew Manager checks his plans/records.
speaker_heading: CREW MANAGER
dialog: Maybe someone got the wrong instructions?
text: Karl examines the stone crescent.
speaker_heading: KARL
dialog: I just don't understand it.
speaker_heading: CREW MANAGER
dialog: (nothing about it on his
dialog: plans)
dialog: It's weird, Karl. Like...Druids or
dialog: something.
text: Karl looks up at him like he's a complete imbecile.
scene_heading: EXT. GATES - NIGHT
text: A United Airlines 747 Sits at one of the gates.
scene_heading: ARRIVALS / DEPARTURES ey .
dialog: Marrakech. ..Prague.. Cape Town.
speaker_heading: e@ VIKTOR “ee
text: waits under the board, worrie pp his watch.
speaker_heading: SO
text: The plane is entirely empty apart from a single PASSENGER
text: sitting in First Class who's intensely focussed on his book.
scene_heading: INT. FIRST CLASS CABIN - NIGHT
speaker_heading: AMELIA .
dialog: Excuse me. We landed twenty minutes ago,
dialog: Sir. Could you disembark, please?
text: He ignores her.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Economy is already being groomed, Sir.
speaker_heading: PASSENGER
dialog: I'll be finished with my book | ina few
dialog: minutes. This is First Class.
text: Amelia looks at the book he's reading, sees he's got about
dialog: thirty pages to go.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Normaliy I wouldn't mind staying, Sir,
dialog: but I have to leave.
speaker_heading: PASSENGER
dialog: (sharp)
dialog: Is this plane leaving right now?
text: The Man noisily flips the page. She just stands there for a
dialog: moment, considering what to de. Finally -
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Rebecca doesn't have cancer. It was a
text: misdiagnosis. Danny comes back. But he
dialog: Gecides to marry Jane >fter all. :
text: Off the Passenger's look.
scene_heading: INT. TERMINAL, ARRIVALS/DEPARTURES BOARD - NIGHT
text: Viktor paces, wearing the blue pinstripe suit and hat Hector
dialog: lent him. It's been a long time now. Should he leave?
dialog: ~
dialog: 
speaker_heading: IR {(0.S.}
dialog: Sorry. I had st class problem. _
text: Amelia's changed into a @ dress. She looks startlingly
dialog: beautiful.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: And we were an hour
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: -- eighty seven hours, twenty four minutes
dialog: (his watch) .
text: Forty two seconds.
text: A beat. He looks at her properly.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: You look...
dialog: There isn't a word good enough.
scene_heading: EXT. OBSERVATION DECK - NIGHT
text: An exquisitely-dressed TABLE for two is set up in front of
text: the railings overlooking runway six. China plates alongside
text: Lufthansa linen Napkins, Japan Airlines cutlery and Stemware
dialog: from British Caledonian.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: You really didn't have to go to ali this
dialog: trouble.
text: Viktor escorts Amelia to her seat, makes sure she's
dialog: comfortable.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: Thank Enrique.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Enrique?
text: Viktor smiles, goes over to the two heated containers warmed
dialog: by candles.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: Chicken or beef?
text: A beat.
dialog: No Kosher? MLS
dialog: Viktor checks, confused. S) Or
dialog: ?
speaker_heading: AMELIA Jd
dialog: Chicken's fine. OD
text: Viktor offers Amelia an Air France basket filled with a _ Light
dialog: selection of warmed breads.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (picking a croissant)
dialog: I love French food.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: {her croissant)
dialog: They were invented in Romania. In 1742,
dialog: the Turks invaded Bucharest, making a
text: surprise attack under the cover of night.
text: But the town bakers, working in the early
dialog: hours, spott't? the invaders by the light
dialog: of the moon. They alerted the garrison
dialog: and the Turks were defeated.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: To commemorate the victory and honor his
dialog: army's courage, Prince Leopold
text: commissioned a pastry shaped like the
dialog: moon .
text: He takes a huge bite out of it.
speaker_heading: : VIKTOR
dialog: (mouth full, a shrug)
dialog: The Croissant.
scene_heading: EXT. OBSERVATION DECK - LATER
text: The remains of the meal in front of them, Viktor gets up. He
text: leads her to the edge of the Observation deck, overlooking
dialog: the runways.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: You can see much better from here.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
text: Twelve hundred planes a day.
dialog: ~
speaker_heading: TA
dialog: And not one wi ou on it.
speaker_heading: VERO
dialog: <p
dialog: °
text: She looks at him. GF
speaker_heading: AMELIA ~D
dialog: I admire you, Viktor. making a life
dialog: here, being in the situation you're in.
dialog: But how could you not be angry being
dialog: stuck in the Terminal?
dialog: . One day.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: No time.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: You don't miss home?
text: He doesn't react. He points to the old Maintenance Terminal
text: on the other side of the runways.
text: Just outside the entran-*, discarded pieces of old airport
text: equipment, decrepit motorized boarding ramps, baggage trains
text: etc, are clearly visible.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: That's where the planes go to die.
text: A beat. He takes some blank immigration forms, starts to
dialog: fold them together.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: What's it like there?
text: Viktor pauses...tears one of the forms in two and adds the
dialog: last piece to -
speaker_heading: THE PAPER PLANE
text: in viktor's hand.
text: It's meticulously constructed. She watches Viktor expertly
text: adjust the wings, balarcing them to exactly the right angle.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: Airbus 330.
text: viktor takes a pen from his pocket, turns away from her to
text: write something on the side.
speaker_heading: “AMELIA
dialog: . What are ee
dialog: « me I play.
dialog: It's just a 1xktl
dialog: (he shrugs)
dialog: You can write an! Something you
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: want. Someone you m. wish.
text: Viktor hurls the plane off the owards the runway. They
text: watch it fly for a moment before s swallowed by the
dialog: darkness.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Was it...something about going home?
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: -- you're not meant to say.
text: Viktor pulls a second plane out of his pocket, drops it in
text: her palm.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: Your turn.
text: She examines it.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
text: Boeing 747, XA4. Cargo capable.
text: He adjusts wings and rudders, checking it's ready to fly.
text: Viktor catches her gaze again. This time his eyes don't skate
text: away so fast. She gestures for the pen now, turning away
text: from him to write something on its side.
text: She hurls it off the edge...
speaker_heading: THE PLANE
text: soars. After a few moments it spirals crazily and disappears
text: down towards the runway.
text: A beat. Hesitantly -
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: What did you write?
text: A beat. She puts her hand on his...
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: You're not meant to say.
dialog: ~
scene_heading: INT. LUFTHANSA FIRST C LOUNGE - NIGHT
text: The sound of a key turf: a lock. Viktor and Amelia enter
text: the plush lounge. Viktox<tu on the lights.
speaker_heading: AMEL °
dialog: {taking the plac 3
speaker_heading: Lufthansa? cD
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: It was the only key I could get.
text: She absently kicks off her shoes, turns to Viktor and kisses
text: him. She starts moving him towards the executive sofas -
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: Hold on.
text: Rushing to the cupboard above the Media console, he pulls
text: down some BLANKETS.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR ~
dialog: (throwing one around her)
dialog: Silk and Cashmere.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (feeling it)
dialog: They think of everything, the Germans.
text: She kisses him again. Deeply this time. Beautifully...
scene_heading: INT. LUFTHANSA LOUNGE - DAWN
text: Through the lounge windows, the first imprint of morning.
text: cobalt-blue against the horizon.
scene_heading: VIKTOR AND AMELIA
text: wrapped in blankets on the floor.
text: In the half-light, Viktor wakes, is able to make out Amelia
text: doing something, tracing the contours of his palm, fingertips
text: running over microscopic lines, earefully slowly, exactly...
dialog: After a moment -
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: (a whisper)
dialog: What are you doing?
text: She looks back at him, smiles. ~
speaker_heading: we eS
dialog: Memorizing
text: She stops, turns to him -
dialog: °
speaker_heading: AMELIA (A )
dialog: I guess it's just 1: Pow High
dialog: Club.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: Only lower.
text: She laughs, kisses him again.
text: She reaches over to the complimentary Duty Free cigarettes,
text: lights one for each of them.
text: She looks at him for a long beat.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Viktor, there's a family friend of mine,
dialog: a lawyer.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: AMELIA (cont! d)
dialog: I told him about you, about your
text: situation. He has friends in Immigration.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: He says there may be a way for you to
dialog: get out of the airport.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: He might be able to persuade them to
dialog: issue you with a weekend pass.
dialog: Viktor absorbs this -
speaker_heading: VIKiOR
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: You could get out of here, Viktor. At
dialog: least talk to him?
text: Viktor looks at his “oe up.
dialog: The first pas io
dialog: twenty minutes.
dialog: Bonn.
dialog: °
text: She watches as he starts to Hf
scene_heading: EXT. RUNWAY - LATER
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: iorning flight to
text: A Sabena Air DC 9 takes off.
scene_heading: INT. IMMIGRATION ARRIVALS HALL - DAY
text: A Maintenance WORKER erects a plastic-looking CHRISTMAS TREE
text: in the far corner. It is incongruous in the stark
dialog: surroundings.
scene_heading: INT. INTERNATIONAL TRANSIT LOUNGE, MAIN CONCOURSE - DAY
text: Christmas carols pipe out of the Airport PA.
text: A crush of harried PASSENGERS, flight CREWS and Terminal
text: STAFF. The place is absolutely teeming...
text: A drunken SANTA, rings his bell, sipping indiscreetly at a
text: flask.
scene_heading: INT. TERMINAL, MAIN FLOOR - DAY
text: Gupta, listening to his taped-up headphones at maximum volume,
text: mops with his usual focus and intensity outside the restrooms.
text: After he's completed the area in front of the doors, he puts
text: ‘Caution, Wet Floor - Slippery' signs around it.
scene_heading: INT. FIRST CLASS LOUNGE AREA - DAY
text: Enrique delivers trays of festive hot appetizers to the Air
dialog: France lounge.
text: As he drops them on a counter in the kitchen area he sees a
text: case of Dom Perignon just sitting there. He stares at the
text: bottles for a moment then up at Pierre, the lounge steward,
text: through the hatch, chatting away with a PASSENGER.
text: Enrique looks back at the bottles, hesitates...then leaves.
scene_heading: _INT. INTERNATIONAL TERMINAL, MAIN CONCOURSE - NIGHT
text: Sweating, Viktor works at a piece of stone with a hammer and
dialog: chisel.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: of architectural blueprints.
dialog: There's nothing akéuk fountain on the
dialog: blueprints. O.
dialog: 3D
text: KARL arrives, carryin
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: (studying them)
dialog: You're right.
speaker_heading: KARL
dialog: I talked to payroll. Why aren't you on
dialog: their lists.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: Viktor Navorski.
speaker_heading: KARL
dialog: Well, whoever you are, you're fired.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: I'm not hired.
speaker_heading: CREW MANAGER
dialog: He's right. To be fired, you have to be
dialog: hired first. It stands to reas--
speaker_heading: KARL
dialog: ~- Shut up, Brian.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: You don't have to pay me.
text: Karl tries to make sense of it -
speaker_heading: KARL
dialog: Why are you doing this?
text: A beat. Viktor looks at him -
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: It's what I do.
text: Karl looks at the skilled cornicing work that's already been
text: completed™6én the base, considers Viktor once more.
text: He walks away. 2 .
scene_heading: INT. BYE-BYE BAR- NIG!
text: Viktor, Amelia and MR. , a surprisingly tan lawyer
text: in clashing Gucci, sit in oxé wfcthe booths having a drink.
dialog: ~
text: Kebakian slides an envelope a oS table to Viktor.
scene_heading: MR. KEBAKI.
dialog: There it is. A weekend pass. You'll be a
dialog: free man by next Friday.
text: As if suddenly overwhelmed by the spirit of his own largesse,
text: Kebakian looks over at Amelia, smiling -
speaker_heading: MR. KEBAKIAN
dialog: Don't ask me how I did it.
text: Viktor opens the envelope, looks at the pass inside with HIS
text: NAME on it.
speaker_heading: MR. KEBAKIAN
dialog: It's all in there. All you do is present
dialog: it with your passport at the Immigration
text: desk no later than 6pm next Friday.
text: Amelia is clearly excited.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: You can leave the Terminal, Viktor.
speaker_heading: MR. KEBAKIAN
dialog: (leaning in, conspiratorial)
dialog: And when you don't come back after the
dialog: weekend...
text: He lets the implication sink in, starts to chuckle. He taps
text: the uncomfortable Viktor on the shoulder -
speaker_heading: KEBAKIAN
dialog: God Bless America, eh?
text: As Kebakian heaves out of the booth, Viktor's half~blinded
text: by his gererously -bejeweled Cartier.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: (getting up, kissing him)
dialog: Thank you, Gogan.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: -Thanks7—
text: As he shakes Viktor's ae he slips him his card.
dialog: When you need “ork papers, you call
dialog: me.
dialog: 2
dialog: He leaves. Gy,
speaker_heading: VIKTOR 9
dialog: How do you know him?
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: He got a Green Card for my cousin Chilita.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: Don't worry...it's going to be great.
text: But Viktor does seem worried. She moves closer, taking his
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: It's just like-the Terminal out there,
text: Viktor. Only better. There's more of it.
dialog: You can walk around. Breathe real air.
speaker_heading: t (MORE)
speaker_heading: AMELIA (CONT'D)
dialog: You don't have to eat a hot pretzel under
dialog: a plastic tree in the food court, you
text: can eat one under a plastic tree on the
dialog: eo corner of Fifth Avenue! Think about it.
text: (she nears him, fingers
dialog: touching his)
dialog: We could visit the Statue of Liberty
dialog: every day if we wanted to.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: Where would I stay?
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: With me, of course.
text: She pauses.
speaker_heading: AMELIA
dialog: I'm not trying to put you undex pressure,
dialog: Viktor, because there isn't any. I'm
dialog: just...really looking forward to spending
dialog: time with you.
text: She looks up at him -
dialog: . And who knows, se could happen? .
dialog: e@ Her meaning is clear.
dialog: A very long beat. °
speaker_heading: VIKTOR OG
dialog: In here, they know wAG out there...
text: She searches his expression, the pained look in his eyes...
speaker_heading: - AMELIA
dialog: Leok at what you've done in here. Imagine
dialog: what you could de outside.
text: She kisses him on the cheek, gets up to go. He watches her
text: leave. At the door she turns back -
text: She disappears into the swarm of PASSENGERS in the main
dialog: concourse:
scene_heading: ' UKRANIANS, IRANIANS, MACEDONIANS, KENYANS, KIWIS...
text: His gaze returns to
speaker_heading: THE ENVELOPE
text: on the table. He slips it into his pocket.
scene_heading: INT. INTERNATIONAL TERMINAL, MAIN CONCOURSE - DAY
text: Viktor continues working. We see now it's a beautiful three-
text: tier FOUNTAIN. In the background and just out of earshot of
text: eo Viktor, Karl argues with his boss, LARABEE.
text: The fountain under construction is now the only sign of work
text: still going on in the Terminal.
speaker_heading: LARABEE
dialog: We're meant to be out of here by now.
speaker_heading: KARL
text: He's nearly finished.
speaker_heading: LARABEE
dialog: = don't care.
speaker_heading: KARL
dialog: He's the best worker we've got.
speaker_heading: LARABEE
dialog: He's not a worker. He's a vagrant.
speaker_heading: KARL —
dialog: i” He's still the best. Let him finish his
dialog: work. Look, DaOe. Look at it. It's a
dialog: piece of art.
dialog: @ It's a goddamn septin.
dialog: It's a goddamn met GN. untain.
speaker_heading: LARABEE
dialog: So what if it's beautiful.
text: He glances at Viktor, then back at Karl. A beat.
speaker_heading: LARABEE
dialog: Okay. One week.
text: Larabee leaves. Karl, beaming, calls after him -
speaker_heading: KARL
dialog: You're a patron of the arts now.
speaker_heading: LARABEE
dialog: A what?
text: Karl waves him on, laughs, turns back to watch Viktor working
text: a moment before taking off in another direction.
scene_heading: ARRIVALS/DEPARTURES BOARD
text: Dares Salaam...Rio...Leningrad...Dublin...We see the DATE
text: FRIDAY the 6th - 4.48 PM
scene_heading: INT. INTERNATIONAL TERMINAL, GATE FIFTY - NIGHT
text: viktor lays out his twenty or so different TRAVEL KITS
text: belonging to every airline from KLM to JAL to SAA...
text: Viktor stops his organizing a moment, looks out through the
text: glass at the desolate runways.
scene_heading: INT. LOST LUGGAGE AREA - DAY
text: Hector slides some FRESH CLOTHES across the counter to Viktor.
speaker_heading: - HECTOR
dialog: All the rage these days.
text: Viktor looks down at the Bright red ravé PANTS and matching
text: SHOES (circa 1988), takes them with a smile.
scene_heading: INT. INTERNATIONAL TE: UPPER LEVEL, SUPERCUTS - DAY
text: Viktor stares. at himsel Kin mirror as a super-fast
text: Supercuts STYLIST cuts, és and moulds Viktor's hair
dialog: °
dialog: all at the samé time.
text: AT THE STAINED CURTAIN ZO
dialog: that divides the New Wing from thi
text: Viktor gazes at his -
dialog: est of the Transit lounge,
scene_heading: UNFINISHED FOUNTAIN
text: A look of regret on his face - a feeling of unfinished
dialog: business.
scene_heading: INT. IMMIGRATION DESK - DAY
text: Viktor watches other passengers making their way through the
text: immigration channels. He looks down at the pass in his hand.
text: It's trembling...finally he joins the line. He's never gotten
text: near the front of a line in here so quickly.
text: viktor's closer to the doors than he's ever been. Viktor
text: hands OFFICER TORRES his weekend pass.
text: Torres looks over the paperwork, seems surprised that it's
dialog: bona fide, STAMPS it.
speaker_heading: OFFICER TORRES
dialog: Welcome to the United States.
dialog: See you on Monday.
dialog: (leaning closer, a beat)
dialog: Good-luck, Viktor.
text: Freedom is only a few feet away if he'll take it. But
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
text: freezes, for the first time staring properly out into THE
text: MAIN TERMINAL Friday rush-hour. A deafening noise of crazed,
text: angry TRAVELLERS pushing in and out of the front doors out
text: onto the sidewalk...CABS honking, POLICEMEN whistling, PAN-
text: HANDLERS fighting, NEW YORKERS jostling and shoving like mad -
text: SFE at her most fierce and frenzied, beyond...
speaker_heading: MANHATTAN
text: looms like some stran » a million lights piercing
text: the falling darkness. “Zs
speaker_heading: AMELIA °
text: pushes through the crowd monn or, waving a bunch of
text: flowers above her head.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
text: sees her. A large Pakistani FAMILY suddenly obscuring his
text: view. The Passenger behind, bumps into him
speaker_heading: PASSENGER
dialog: Keep moving, asshole!
speaker_heading: AMELTA
text: watches, concerned. She gestures, ‘come on'..
text: Viktor tries to move’but he can't. He looks back over his
text: shoulder into the calm sanctuary of the Transit lounge.
text: He turns back to her...a tense beat...before he spins around
text: and heads back inside...
speaker_heading: TORRES
dialog: (watching him)
dialog: Viktor!
scene_heading: INT. MAIN TERMINAL - DAY
text: From behind, we watch Amelia walk away, dropping the flowers
text: into an overflowing trash can as she leaves...
speaker_heading: VARIOUS SHOTS
text: Of the Airport - BAGS spinning on carousels. ..LUGGAGE CARTS
text: lined up waiting for passengers...individual portions of
text: airline FOOD splurged onto trays on a moving production line.
scene_heading: ARRIVALS/DEPARTURES BOARD
dialog: Lima...Cancun...Manilla...Tahiti...
scene_heading: INT. BAGGAGE CLAIM AREA - LATER
text: viktor walks in, it's pandemonium. A fussily-dressed WOMAN
text: PASSENGER, holding a box marked 'FRAGILE', is tearing into
text: Mulrey's new Deputy, SPI - 30s, bandana, enough gold-teeth
dialog: to be declared an officz sset.
dialog: Viktor watches as - es
speaker_heading: PASS: BR
dialog: Can't you read, stu t's a two
dialog: thousand dollar Lali ESE .
speaker_heading: SPINKS
dialog: Sorry, dawg -
speaker_heading: MULROY-
dialog: {taking over, seeing her
dialog: look of horror)
dialog: -- It's his first day on the job, ma'am.
dialog: I'm still training him --
speaker_heading: PASSENGER
dialog: -- You have tc train him to read the
dialog: word 'Fragile'? I demand to speak to
dialog: your supervisor.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: MULROY
dialog: I am the supervisor.
text: As she starts hurling outraged abuse, Viktor slinks away...
scene_heading: INT. NONDENOMINATIONAL AIRPORT CHAPEL - DAY
text: Like some sort of science fiction dental waiting room. The
text: high walls are bright white. The floor is shiny and spotless.
text: The simple elegant decor is designed not te offend any
dialog: parochial sensibility.
text: Viktor kneels on his individual prayer pod - also white -
text: with his eyes closed and hands clasped together.
text: Aman (40s) approaches and kneels down on the prayer pod
text: next to Viktor.
text: After a minute, he glances nervously at Viktor.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Do you mind if I talk to you?
text: Viktor doesn't answer.
speaker_heading: MAN -
dialog: Sometimes it hi 3s to talk to someone
dialog: you're never L to see. again, you
dialog: know.
dialog: Z>
text: Viktor-finally turns to
dialog: ° :
speaker_heading: MAN 7
dialog: I always go to Chur - Years.
text: The man moves almost uncomfortabl ‘lose to Viktor.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Usually with my wife.
dialog: (a long beat)
dialog: Turns out she doesn't love me. The truth
dialog: is I knew she didn't love me.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: I knew it when we were walking down the
dialog: aisle. I knew she didn’t and that she
dialog: was probably marrying me for...different
dialog: reasons and I just thought...
text: The man bows his head.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: I thought over time she'd learn to love
dialog: me the way I love her. Now she's leaving.
dialog: I wanted to make it work, somehow.. .but
dialog: I couldn't. I don't know...
text: The Man stares into Viktor's eyes.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: You can't make someone love you, can
dialog: you?
text: After a few reflective beats, the man gets up to go.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Thank you.
text: Viktcc watches the man walk away Vefore looking up through
dialog: the skylight -
scene_heading: THE PERFECT BLUE SKY
text: The peace is shattered as a JET loudly crosses into view.
scene_heading: INT. TERMINAL, UNITED DESK - DAY
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: Sxiy abandoned desk where a female
text: 7S into her computer.
text: Viktor approaches the ne
text: SUPERVISOR's inputting a
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: xKro
dialog: I wondered if yoy-po id tell me-what
dialog: Elight Amelia Sane a) coming in on?
dialog: A beat. LY
speaker_heading: SUPERVISOR 2D
dialog: Amelia Sanchez...
dialog: (checking a list) .
dialog: I think she...transferred to Newark.
text: She starts back on her computer again.
text: Viktor leaves.
speaker_heading: SUPERVISOR
dialog: (uncertainly)
dialog: Are you, Viktor?
text: He pauses...
speaker_heading: SUPERVISOR
dialog: (rummaging in a drawer}
dialog: She left something for you.
text: She hands him a LETTER.
scene_heading: INT. GATE FIFTY - NIGHT
text: @ . Viktor sits back to read the hand-written note. He opens it -
speaker_heading: AMELIA (0.S.}
dialog: Dear Viktor, I guess when the homeless
dialog: guy won't come home with you, you start
dialog: to take a look at your life. I don't
dialog: mean to joke. = realize now how selfish
dialog: it was of me to think you'd give up the
dialog: chance of seeing your family again. Even
dialog: though you never said it, I know how
dialog: much you've always longed to be with
dialog: them.
text: Viktor stcps reading, looks out across the runways again.
speaker_heading: AMELIA (0.8.)
dialog: I suppose I just wish you and I had the
dialog: chance to come home to each
dialog: other...Amelia.
scene_heading: INT. INTERNATIONAL TERMINAL, MAIN CONCOURSE - DAY
dialog: w of PAY TV's. He looks ‘awful,
text: playing to an empty seat...
dialog: 
dialog: e (0.8.)
dialog: g accords in
dialog: settling the border between the’
dialog: Zastern European pri’ ities caused
dialog: much jubilation here t the
dialog: Diplomatic ranks this morfing.
text: viktor's IMAGE slowly blurs as we find
speaker_heading: THE SCREEN
text: A bundled-up REPORTER speaks to camera as he waits outside
text: the Ministry of Affairs in Paris, DIPLOMATS bustling into
text: the building behind him.
speaker_heading: CNN REPORTER (0.S.)
dialog: But for many thousands across the troubled
dialog: region the opening of the borders tonight
dialog: means a chance to once again taste the
dialog: freedom that has been so unceremoniously
dialog: denied them for twelve long months. .
scene_heading: INT. INTERNATIONAL TERMINAL - DAY
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
text: Sleeps next to his fountain, a piece of painter's canvas as
text: his blanket, a chisel still in his hand...
text: Mulroy appears.
speaker_heading: MULROY (0.S.)
dialog: Hey !
text: Mulroy shakes him awake, smiling.
speaker_heading: MULROY
dialog: Get up, Man. Looks like your prayers
dialog: have been answered !
text: Bleary-eyed, Viktor looks up at him, puzzled. -
scene_heading: INT. THE BYE BYE BAR -
text: Mulroy pulls a delirious 4 inside. The Barman watches
text: the TV, laughing at the p €éstling on a Morning Talk show.
dialog: °
speaker_heading: MULROY @)
dialog: {to the barman) Lf
dialog: Put it on CNN. CD
speaker_heading: BARMAN
dialog: Who the hell are you?
speaker_heading: MULROY
dialog: Change it.
text: The Barman is frightened enough to do so.
dialog: ON THE TV
speaker_heading: JUBILANT LOCALS
text: celebrate in the town square we saw earlier, waving into the
dialog: camera.
speaker_heading: CNN REPORTER
dialog: Throughout the Principalities, people
dialog: are taking to the streets tonight to
dialog: celebrate.
speaker_heading: SOLDIERS
text: A convoy of tanks, leave town, waving good-bye.
speaker_heading: CNN REPORTER
dialog: And already talk of reparations for the
dialog: harm done to indigenous local industries
dialog: has caused many in the region to believe
dialog: that a renewed period of economic
text: prosperity may be just around the corner.
speaker_heading: MULROY
text: shakes Viktor.
speaker_heading: MULROY
dialog: Look at them.
text: He sees Viktor's ambivalence -
speaker_heading: ~ MULROY
dialog: What the PR with you, man?
text: Viktor looks up at thi oS.
speaker_heading: EXCITED FACES
dialog: °
text: on the screen. Finally, he it,
speaker_heading: MULROY 9D
dialog: (hitting him)
dialog: Get out of my Terminal, you Balkan
dialog: bastard!
text: The jubilant CHEERS of the locals on TV become the cheers of -
speaker_heading: VIKTOR'S FRIENDS
scene_heading: INT. INTERNATIONAL TERMINAL, LUFTHANSA LOUNGE - NIGHT
text: Gathered around to say good-bye - Mulroy, Enrique, Hector,
text: Karl, Daniels, Gupta, Larabee, Pierre. Assorted other airport
text: WORKERS, ticketing PEOPLE and Immigration SECRETARIES milling
text: about too. Viktor stands under some balloons and a banner
dialog: saying 'Bon Voyage' .
text: People come up and congratulate Viktor. He shakes hands and
text: smiles...but there's something about his expression that's
dialog: off.
scene_heading: INT. INTERVIEW ROOM - MORNING
text: Mercer breaks the seal on Viktor's file, hands back his
dialog: ticket.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: This only permits you to return home.
dialog: Your visa to enter the United States
dialog: expired nine months ago.
text: Viktor looks at his ticket.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: I understand.
text: As Viktor walks out the open door -
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: (not looking at him)
dialog: Good-bye, Viktor.
scene_heading: INT. INTERNATIONAL TERMBYAL, DEPARTURE GATE - DAY
text: Mulroy waits at the gat, Viktor to appear.
speaker_heading: P: CEMENT
dialog: This is the fim rding call for Lot
dialog: Air Flight 245 todKeakew. Will all
dialog: passengers please ix way to gate
dialog: forty-four immediate
dialog: ©
scene_heading: THE ARRIVALS/DEPARTURES BOARD
dialog: More flights are announced
dialog: ...Bombay...Venice...Amsterdam...Nairobi...
text: ...-The last column ‘GOOD LUCK VIKTOR! .
scene_heading: EXT. RUNWAY SIX - DAY
text: The Lot DC-10 accelerates with a mighty roar as it lifts
text: into the sky.
scene_heading: INT. BAGGAGE CLAIM AREA - LATER
text: Mulroy arrives with an empty luggage cart. He looks across
dialog: to carousel seven, sees -
scene_heading: VIKTOR'S BLACK SUITCASE
text: still spinning on it.
scene_heading: INT. IMMIGRATION AREA, TERMINAL - DAY
text: Mercer arrives for work.
text: Viktor sees him coming, hides...
scene_heading: INT. INTERNATIONAL TERMINAL, CONCOURSE/WING - LATE AT NIGHT
text: Mulroy ducks behind the curtain to the new wing. He stops at
dialog: the sight of -
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
text: in his work overalls, carefully applying finishing touches
text: to the second tier of his fountain.
text: Mulroy just studies Viktor froma distance for a moment.
text: Sensing someone's there, >¥iktor turns, spots Mulroy making
text: his way over to him, regi to his work.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: MULR °
dialog: I got to hand it to n. A year
dialog: early for your fligh! Geyou still manage
dialog: to miss it.
text: Viktor doesn’t answer, gestures for Mulroy to please hand
text: him a fresh can of sealant. He does.
speaker_heading: MULROY
dialog: I don't understand you, Viktor.
text: A beat. Mulroy closes in, trying to make Viktor face him.
speaker_heading: MULROY
dialog: What about your family? Have you thought
dialog: about them? .
text: Viktor calmly continues with his work, expertly coating the
text: underside of a tricky corner.
dialog: @
speaker_heading: MULROY
dialog: Maybe they miss you, Viktor.
text: viktor still won't respond or look at him.
speaker_heading: MULROY
dialog: Because I know you miss them.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: MULROY
dialog: Look, man, I saw you when you first
dialog: arrived. You called them. I saw you
dialog: erying.
text: Finally, Viktor's eyes meet his.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: (matter-of-tact)
dialog: I was crying because I had no-one to
dialog: call.
speaker_heading: MULROY
dialog: I don't understand...
dialog: (the memo: replaying in“his
dialog: mind)
dialog: .-but I saw Ww
dialog: Vv! 0!
dialog: There was no-on
dialog: line.
dialog: {looks at Mulroy;
dialog: No one's waiting fo
dialog: This is my home.
dialog: he other end of the
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MULROY
dialog: This is an airport.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: I came to this country to make a new
dialog: life.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: I didn't expect to find it here.
speaker_heading: MULROY
dialog: No, Viktor. Nobody starts a new life in
dialog: a transit lounge. Everyone hates it here.
dialog: Because one way or another they know
dialog: they're stuck. People only work here
dialog: because they have to. As soon as they've
dialog: got the chance to get out, they
dialog: do...because this is an airport, Viktor.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: —
dialog: aves
speaker_heading: MULROY
dialog: (gesturing)
dialog: Look around, I mean look at the goddam
dialog: carpet for Christ's sakes, this whole
dialog: . @ place is a nightmare.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: Not to me.
speaker_heading: ‘ MULROY
dialog: It doesn't make sense, Viktor.
text: Viktor steps down from the tier, screws the cap back on the
text: sealant.
text: When Viktor speaks now, it is from another place -
speaker_heading: VIKTOF
dialog: I was a builder in my hometown. I was
dialog: commissioned to build a new school. People
dialog: trusted me. The whole town trusted me.
dialog: Everyone felt I was the only man for the
dialog: job. I was honored. We started work but
dialog: there were many delays. I told them we
dialog: am could not complete the building in time
dialog: but they insisted - the school had to be
dialog: ready...so we ked day and night until
dialog: it was done. me. The whole town,
dialog: everyone, cof: ted me on my
dialog: magnificent jak. d never felt more
dialog: @ proud.
dialog: °
text: Viktor stops, his voice noni barely a whisper.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR D
dialog: A month later the rains‘caéme, and the
text: wall facing the hill...
text: (his words spill out ina
dialog: panic)
dialog: --+in our hurry we didn't make the
dialog: foundations strong enough. The rains
text: weakened it. The wall collapsed. A child
dialog: was killed. Tatiana.
text: Viktor's expression, haunted by the memory.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: I went to her family's house and saw her
text: body. She stared at me...and stared at
dialog: me. I tried to explain...but nothing was
dialog: the same after that.
text: Viktor bows his head. A long beat.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: When I arrived here, I knew I was never
dialog: going back.
text: Mulroy looks at Viktor, at the fountain he's building...it's
text: all starting to make sense.
scene_heading: INT. INTERNATIONAL TERMINAL, NEW WING - DAWN
text: The morning begins to glow over the runways.
text: Viktor, alone, looks out across them, his eyes heavy. He
text: turns to his fountain. There's no more he can do. He just
dialog: hopes it's good enough...
text: He walks back over to it, and taking his chisel, very
text: discreetly engraves a name into the scroll work...
dialog: ‘Tatiana’
scene_heading: ARRIVALS/DEPARTURES BOARD
dialog: A slew of new destinations...Marrakech...Addis
dialog: _ Ababa. ..Sydney...Vienna...
scene_heading: EXT. RUNWAY - DAY ~
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: An Aer Lingus Jumbo lifzs
speaker_heading: ROAR -
scene_heading: INT. INTERNATIONAL TERM SIT LOUNGE - DAY
text: Viktor, shaved and dressed now Ss across the main
text: concourse, nodding acknowledge’ SF people he recognizes.
text: Some appear surprised, though ple
text: still in the Terminal.
dialog: ntly so, that Viktor is
text: Gupta spots Viktor and takes off his headphones -
speaker_heading: GUPTA
dialog: You did the right thing, Viktor.
text: Viktor stops.
speaker_heading: GUPTA
dialog: You'd miss it here.
dialog: {a shrug)
dialog: Certain people might have missed you.
text: He starts on his way again, slipping his headphones back on.
speaker_heading: GUPTA
dialog: Not me, of course.
text: Viktor continues on.
text: Gupta turns to watch as a beautiful Asian STEWARDESS
text: approaches Viktor and hands him a Thai Air Club Class Travel
text: Kit on the way to her gate.
scene_heading: INT. GATE FIFTY - DAY
text: Viktor inspects his newly refurbished gate -
speaker_heading: ENRIQUE (0. S. }
dialog: Danair pork dumplings.
text: Viktor turns. Enrique is holding out a tray.
speaker_heading: ENRIQUE
dialog: They've only come from Orly.
text: Vikter gratefully accepts it, examines his meal...
dialog: 
text: A beat.
dialog: (not lo him)
dialog: You spoke to
text: A beat. FD
speaker_heading: ENRIQUE Y
dialog: The first time I saw D knew you
dialog: were a lifer like the r of us.
dialog: {turning to go)
dialog: Oh, I nearly forgot. They need you over
dialog: at the fountain. Some kind of thing with,
dialog: I don't know, the plumbing...
text: Viktor hastily puts down the tray.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: Why didn't you tell me?
text: Enrique shrugs as Viktor grabs his jacket and leaves.
scene_heading: INT. INTERNATIONAL TERMINAL, MAIN CONCOURSE - DAY
text: An agitated Viktor rushes around the corner. We see the
dialog: completed
speaker_heading: FOUNTAIN
text: it's stunning, even against the modern surroundings.
text: Karl comes into view.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: (reaching the fountain)
dialog: Karl, what is it?
speaker_heading: KARL
dialog: Nothing. You'd better take a look at
dialog: this.
text: Karl signals to one of the Puerto Rican workers around the
dialog: corner --
speaker_heading: THE FOUNTAIN
text: turns on and jets of water SHOOT prettily into the air. VIKTOR
dialog: Amazed.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: (Oo. 8.)
dialog: The plumbing ike I said.
text: He turns to see Enrique, Gypfa, Mulroy and dozen or so of
text: his co-workers behind him, “qfati ly surrounding him. Larabee
text: pushes to the front, offering d to Viktor.
text: A nod of acknowledgement to Vik: fountain -
speaker_heading: LARABEE
dialog: Every airport should have a Viktor
dialog: Navorski.
text: From behind his back, he produces A BOX with a bow around
text: it. Viktor opens it.
text: Inside there's a pair of new white work overalls with 'VIKTOR'
text: embroidered over the breast pocket.
speaker_heading: LARABEE
dialog: We're starting work on the East concourse
dialog: next week,
speaker_heading: {MORE}
speaker_heading: LARABEE
dialog: (like it's no big deal)
dialog: It would mean a raise of course.
text: Looking up from his gift, Viktor finally smiles.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: You don't have to pay me.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: KARL
dialog: You're badly fucked-up, Viktor.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
text: surrounded by the smiling faces of his friends. He looks up
text: at the fountain again. It's almost too much for him to take
dialog: in.
text: People pat Viktor on the back.
speaker_heading: - WORKER #1
text: Looks like theSpoor baby's gomma cry:
dialog: . Need a Kleene vi
text: More laughter as Viktor Se 2f-consciously, wipes a
text: tiny tear from his eye. CO,
scene_heading: INT. OBSERVATION DECK - SAME oO)
text: Two NEW OFFICERS drink coffees on their break.
speaker_heading: - FIRST OFFICER
dialog: ithe happy little group in
dialog: the distance)
dialog: Who's that guy they're having the party
dialog: for?
speaker_heading: SECOND OFFICER
dialog: I don't know.
dialog: (looking more closely)
dialog: But I like what they've done with that
dialog: fountain.
text: They toss their cups and leave.
scene_heading: HUNDREDS OF COINS
text: dot the bottom of the fountain now.
scene_heading: EXT. RUNWAY - NIGHT
text: An Aix Mozambique 727 brakes hard as she touches down on the
dialog: : way oo. : : Ce on oF
scene_heading: INT. INTERNATIONAL TERMINAL - NIGHT
text: Viktor, wearing his new overalls, walks back home through
text: the main concourse. As various airport personnel pass him in
text: quick succession, he greets each of them with a short wave
dialog: er nod - .
speaker_heading: SANITATION WORKER
dialog: Hey, Vik.
speaker_heading: O WOMAN CLEANER
dialog: Good-night, Viktor.
speaker_heading: CUSTOMS OFFICER
dialog: _. Manana, Navorski.
text: Viktor stops to stare out the windows at Runway Seven. A
text: moment of reflection, a hint in Viktor's expression that
dialog: something. somewhere inside him is not right...
scene_heading: A CLEANING VEHICLE
text: Emerges through a ey that leads to the outside
dialog: runways <>
dialog: at °
text: The driver stops his cart just, of Viktor, who, still
text: in his own world, watches the ambique 727 taxiing
text: past the window towards its gat
text: The driver of the cleaning vehicle jumps out, ducks into a
text: restroom nearby.
text: The loud. PA announcement of the flight's arrival breaks
text: Viktor's reverie.
text: He starts on his way again.
text: Passing the cleaning vehicle, he pauses, half-glimpsing
text: something in one of the open bags of rubbish collected from
text: the runways. He moves closer, uncertain...
text: As he nears it, its form becomes more distinct --
scene_heading: A MANGLED PAPER AIRPLANE
text: It's the plane he made for Amelia, the one she threw off the
text: Observation Deck.
text: Viktor pulls it out, wipes off the dirt, examines it.
text: A beat.
text: Viktor's eyes are dark, his expression broken.
scene_heading: INT. INTERNATIONAL TERMINAL, EAST CONCOURSE - DAY
text: A BRUSH mechanically paints a section of wall.
text: viktor works without feeling, and by the absent look on his
text: face, seemingly without consciousness either.
text: On Viktor's BRUSH again as it slowly crosses the border over
text: onto the adjoining wall and absently paints a messy CROOKED
text: LINE across it.
text: viktor puts his brush back into the paint, moves the can
text: over to start work on the next section. One of the Puerto
text: Ricans working nearby notices the crooked line on the wall -
speaker_heading: PUERTO RICAN WORKER
dialog: Viktor, you seen what you did?
text: Viktor stops, looks at ting mistake he's just made.
dialog: o
dialog: Vv:
dialog: (4 shrug)
dialog: Good enough. °
text: He continues working. The othe rs exchange worried
dialog: glances.
scene_heading: INT. GATE FIFTY - NIGHT
text: Enrique drives his food trolley towards Viktor's seats. He
text: takes a couple of extra trays of food from it, turning to
text: set them down in the usual place.
speaker_heading: ENRIQUE
dialog: You're gonna love this, Vik. One word.
dialog: Alital~-
text: He stops, sees the THREE TRAYS of untouched food.
scene_heading: INT. INTERNATIONAL TERMINAL, BATHROOM - DAY
text: A razor against a neck as it moves slowly up a lathered chin.
text: The razor leaves a couple of bloody nicks in its trail. Tiny
text: pieces of toilet paper are used to blot them. The sound of
text: running WATER as the razor is cleaned.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - LATER
text: FINGERS fasten the top button of a crisp white shirt...pull
text: a plain black belt with a polished buckle through the waist
text: loops of a pair of pressed trousers...fold a plain brown tie
text: over and guide it up to the neck...slip the sleeves of a
text: fraying jacket over a white shirt...shine the tips of polished
text: black leather shoes with a Kiwi travel kit pad...
speaker_heading: VIKTOR *
text: stares at himself in the mirror for quite a long time. He is
text: dressed exactly the same as when he arrived.
scene_heading: INT. INTERNATIONAL TERMINAL, IMMIGRATION COUNTER - DAY
text: Viktor walks past the deserted counter, discreétly pushes a
text: small brown PACKAGE rege the open hatch.
dialog: It's addressed - 'Mere:
scene_heading: INT. BAGGAGE AREA - 2
text: CLOSE ON Viktor's black ‘su aC one of on the carousel.
text: Nearby, we hear Mulroy arguing Bh one of his co-workers -
speaker_heading: MULROY (0: 7s
dialog: Just take a little more‘eare, Spinks.
dialog: How would you like it if I did that to
dialog: your suitcase?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SPINKS (0.S.)
dialog: Are you shitting me, Mulroy?
speaker_heading: MULROY (0.S.)
dialog: That could be my mother's case.
speaker_heading: SPINKS (0.5S.)
dialog: Your mother's never left Nassau County.
speaker_heading: MULROY {O. 5. )
dialog: Looky here, Spinks --
text: A HAND is reaching for Viktor Navorski's suitcase, seemingly
dialog: in slow motion --
speaker_heading: MULROY
dialog: (spinning instinctively)
dialog: Don't touch that, it belongs --
speaker_heading: He sees VIKTOR
text: all dressed up, grabbing his bag OFF the carousel for the
dialog: first time.
speaker_heading: MULROY
dialog: Viktor, are you okay?
text: Without replying Viktor turns and walks out of the baggage
text: claim area, holding his bag. .
speaker_heading: MULROY
dialog: Did you see that? He just tock his bag
dialog: off the carousel!
speaker_heading: SPINKS -
dialog: (slowly, l$ke he's an idiot)
dialog: Isn't that wi eyire meant to do?
dialog: 0
dialog: Shut up! |
dialog: {tearing off'k ves)
dialog: Christ.
text: Mulroy chases Viktor who's arse Qing rapidly up the
text: escalator.
scene_heading: INT. INTERNATIONAL TERMINAL, TRANSIT LOUNGE - DAY
text: Viktor marches down the middle. of the incredibly long
dialog: concourse.
text: Hesitating at the top of the escalator a moment, Mulroy
text: watches Viktor pass the Main PARTITION DOORS to his left,
text: heading for the far end where we can just about make out
text: signs for the New Wing's RESTRICTED SECURITY AREA guarded by
text: two IMMIGRATION OFFICERS.
text: ‘s 5 ite beginge to play over the PA,
text: softly echoing throughout the concrete concourse --
dialog: Le
speaker_heading: GUPTA
text: is cleaning a patch of floor just in front of Williams Sonoma.
speaker_heading: GUPTA
dialog: Hey, Viktor.
text: Viktor continues past him. Strange. Gupta looks up, sees
text: Viktor's heading straight towards the Security Area at the
text: far end. Mulroy passes Gupta now too, following Viktor,
dialog: gesturing towards
speaker_heading: THE BAG
text: Viktor's holding in his hand -
text: Gupta spots it, shrugs to Mulroy as if to ask 'What the hell's
text: goin, on?' Mulroy shrugs back, he hasn't a clue, gesturing
dialog: for Gupta to follow him...
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
text: strides ahead, glancing passengers in-his path, a look of
text: unflinching resolve in his eye.
text: Gupta scoots up ahead, passing Mulroy, pulls his mop-cart up
dialog: alongside Viktor.
dialog: What's wrong th
text: Viktor still doesn't react. psi him, trying to get
dialog: a response... Zo
speaker_heading: GUPTA }
dialog: (noticing the guar
dialog: whisper)
dialog: What are you doing, you Balkan nutbag?
text: Viktor picks up the pace, making a b-line for the TWO SECURITY
text: GUARDS now sharing a Danish and a joke in front of the
text: Security Area up ahead.
text: Gupta gestures back to Mulroy, pointing to his head -Viktor's
text: gone mental. Trying as best he can not to draw attention,
text: Mulroy catches up to Viktor now...
speaker_heading: - MULROY
text: {a harsh whisper) “
dialog: Viktor. They'll take you to , the Detention
dialog: Center. Viktor.
text: Viktor ignores him.
speaker_heading: MULROY
dialog: You think you're just going to walk out
dialog: of here?
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: (serene)
dialog: Yes.
text: He pulls ahead of Mulroy, The Tchaikovsky getting louder all
text: the time, punctuating the ballet of escape -
speaker_heading: KARL
text: appears at the top of another escalator.
speaker_heading: KARL :
dialog: You're late, Navorski. Where the hell --
text: viktor shoots straight past him too.
text: Karl looks back to see Gupta quietly shaking his head, Mulroy
text: ‘casually' trailing too, trying to figure out what to do
dialog: next.
text: Karl regards Mulroy, “ON Viktor, then the Guards up ahead.
text: He understands.
dialog: Quietly, inte his radio Ly oe
dialog: I need a partition 4 i Lies of the Gap.
dialog: Level three.
text: Gupta, covering Viktor's flank, asl TWO CUSTOMS GUARDS,
text: coming in from a side angle, on a collision course with
dialog: Viktor. :
text: He expertly scatters a trio of CAUTION - WET FLOOR signs
text: across the concrete like a spread of mines, blocking their
dialog: path...
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: (his foot touching one}
dialog: What's the problem?
text: Gupta furiously mops the floor right in front of them.
speaker_heading: COPTA
dialog: Vomit. Infected.
dialog: {beat}
dialog: Heroin addict.
dialog: ed
speaker_heading: BLIe
text: The Guards step back, sickened.
speaker_heading: GUPTA
dialog: You'd better take level two.
text: The Guards turn back towards the escalators.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
text: is only fifty feet away from the secure area now, knuckles
text: white as they clench the bag.
text: As the Tchaikovsky deepens and intensifies, some airport
scene_heading: staff - SANITATION PEOPLE, FLIGHT CREWS, STORE WORKERS -
text: stop where they are or emerge from doorways, sensing the
text: surge of activity in the Terminal, their eyes somehow drawn
dialog: to --
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
text: trailed almost comedically by Mulsoy, Gupta and Karl who
text: continues whispering surreptitious instructions into -his
dialog: radio, De
text: Two STORE WORKERS shudder when they see -
dialog: ~
text: The female CUSTOMS ree
text: Enrique flirted with emerging from an office door
text: across the concourse dirgct cross from Viktor.
text: She sees Viktor, the look of de ination on his face, senses
dialog: something strange may be goin Lye just as the thought
speaker_heading: JI
dialog: is forming --
text: BRAKES loudly in front of her, blocking her view of Viktor.
text: A smiling Enrique springs out, presenting the Agent. with a
text: china plate of Petits Fours from his top compartment -
speaker_heading: A FOOD CART
speaker_heading: ENRIQUE
text: Warmed Zambuca truffles. Air Maroc.
dialog: (sexily)
dialog: I thought you might...
speaker_heading: AGENT
text: {theif pungent aroma enticing
dialog: her) on
dialog: I shouldn't. i'm working.
speaker_heading: ENRIQUE
text: (a wink, gently nibbling one
dialog: himself)
dialog: Me too.
scene_heading: THE STORE WORKERS
text: sigh with relief as Enrique's tactic works.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
text: is only feet from the door now --
speaker_heading: FROM ABOVE
text: We observe the final movement of the ballet as Karl peels
text: off to the left and Mulroy to the right, Gupta mopping with
text: Olympic ferocity direc-ly behind Viktor, providing close
dialog: cover.
text: Karl whistles over to the Danish-munching guards, drawing
text: their attention momentarily away while the PARTITION, carried
text: by Karl's WORKERS, sweeps in behind, elegantly disguising
text: Viktor's entry into the restricted area.
scene_heading: THE ALARM GGES OFF -
scene_heading: MULROY LY .
text: grabs a large TUMI cff Ks Japanese Man's trolley heaves
text: it INTO THE AIR. It smash aight through the CONCOURSE
text: WINDOW causing another 4 & xing the first, to sound.
text: The confused guards, civenind fl ears at the deafening
text: racket, rush over to the smashe plow, looking down at
speaker_heading: THE BAG
text: on the runway below them.
text: Mulroy appears, holding his hands out in ‘shock’.
speaker_heading: MULROY
text: Just slipped right out of my hands.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
text: has reached the last door at the end of the long corridor
text: now. The Alarm continues to blare as Viktor smashes open a
text: circuit box, deftly rewiring it...
speaker_heading: THE EXIT DOOR
text: Springs open. Viktor walks through it and steps outside --
scene_heading: EXT. THE OTHER SIDE OF THE DOOR - CONTINUOUS
text: Viktor inhales deeply, choking on all the fresh air.
text: He looks up inte the sky, squinting, sunlight brilliant
text: against his pale face.
text: He starts off towards the runways, gradually picking up
dialog: speed...
scene_heading: INT. ELECTRONICS ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: The alarm is blaring in here too. Daniels, supervising a
dialog: bank of screens, sees
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
text: running towards the runway on security camera six. She
text: freezes.
speaker_heading: MERCER
text: Rushes into the control room.
dialog: ~
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Where's that ming from?
text: Almost without even kno 's doing it, Daniels quickly
dialog: pushes a button and the 2
dialog: m the screen showing Viktor
dialog: changes to a different came
dialog: = Oy showing -
text: AN EMPTY STRETCH OF RUNWAY
dialog: vores 9
dialog: False alarm. I'll have engineering check
dialog: it out.
text: Mercer looks at her, leaves...
scene_heading: INT. INTERNATIONAL TERMINAL - DAY
text: Gupta and Enrique help Mulroy clean up the glass. Looks
dialog: exchanged.
text: Behind them the Security Guards try and figure out what just
dialog: happened. They know something did,~they just can't quite put
text: their finger on it.
text: A beat. Mulroy addresses his friends -
speaker_heading: MULROY
dialog: He was the only one who ever had a chance
dialog: of getting out of here.
text: The thought resonates. They all stop what they're doing...
scene_heading: EXT. RUNWAY - CONTINUOUS
text: Viktor, running now, makes his way across a bank of thick,
text: trash-covered grass towards THE RUNWAYS, wind blowing his
text: coat up around his ears.
text: From a distance we watch as Viktor, a speck against this
text: vast open vista, makes his across the runway.
speaker_heading: A 747
text: is about to land. At the last minute THE JUMBO sees him,
text: banks hard back up with a deafening ROAR. The gale force
text: wind from the jets nearly knocks Viktor over.
text: Looking back over his shoulder as the plane lifts back into
dialog: the sky -
dialog: ~
speaker_heading: VIBDOR
dialog: “". On time, Delhi
text: Viktor heads across no Se towards THE OLD MAINTENANCE
text: TERMINAL up ahead.
dialog: °
text: Arriving desperately out of by he jumps into the Driver's
text: seat of an old motorized BO. ICLE parked in the mouth
dialog: of the hangar.
text: No keys. He reaches under the dash, fiddles, the ancient
text: engine splutters to life.
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
text: slams the dilapidated vehicle into reverse, turns with a
text: SCREECH and drives STRAIGHT ACROSS the remaining runways
dialog: towards
scene_heading: THE FAR PERIMETER WALL
text: careening madly up and down the grassy verges between the
text: runways...on the final runway an Airbus LANDS only a few
text: feet ahead of him...
text: it's not far now...Viktor floors it...
dialog: a
speaker_heading: AT THE WALL
text: viktor maneuvers the ramp into exactly the right position,
text: jumps out of the cab and CLANKS noisily up the steps.
text: Pausing at the top, he looks back --
speaker_heading: THE TERMINAL
dialog: The place he lived in for so long. The place that was his
dialog: home.
text: Viktor smiles. It is just an airport.
text: He jumps down an overgrown knoll to freedom...
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
dialog: Welcome to the United States, Mr.
dialog: Navorski .
scene_heading: INT. TRANSPORTATION STATION - LATER
text: Viktor buys a ticket at a window.
scene_heading: EXT. TRANSPORTATION TERMINAL, BAY SIXTEEN - NIGHT
text: A BUS pulls into the Ne Viktor is the last in line.
text: As the other PASSENGE Viktor checks his reflection
text: in the silver siding of fe He straightens his tie,
dialog: Le
text: adjusts his coat and walk couple of stairs up into the
text: bus. The door closes behin
text: The Bus reverses out. We see Mgomic on the front -
speaker_heading: NEWARK
text: The Transfer Bus drives away. We follow it as the Terminal
text: begins to fade into the background.
scene_heading: INT. BUS - DUSK
text: It's getting dark outside. Viktor sits in the last row. He
text: stares out the window at the distant city whose lights seem
text: to stretch out across the horizon into infinity. Rain smashing
text: against the windows now...
text: In the far distance, the Statue of Liberty. Viktdr presses
text: his face against the glass. The Statue's LIGHTS - beautiful,
text: distorted through the heavy rain.
dialog: ge
dialog: >
text: Viktor pulls back, wipes his face with the handkerchief from
text: his top pocket.
scene_heading: INT. INTERNATIONAL TERMINAL, OBSERVATION DECK - DAY
text: A log jam of people in the immigration hall. The noisy chatter
dialog: of a hundred different languages - from Swahili tc Waray-
dialog: Waray and Tajik to Cantonese.
text: At the far end Mercer and Thurman stand on an observation
text: platform, looking down on the multi-colored sea of humanity.
text: Daniels appears.
speaker_heading: DANIELS
dialog: This came for you, Sir.
text: She hands him the BROWN PACKAGE Viktor left at the front.
text: Mercer opens it -
scene_heading: THE BIOGRAPHY OF NAPOLEON
text: He reads the inscription - 'To Viktor, In exile... Amelia.'
text: Baffled, he stares at Thurman, then back at the book again.
text: It doesn't make any sense. He notices the-smaller lettering
dialog: see page 524.'
dialog: down at the bottom 'P
dialog: 
text: He flips the book ope:
dialog: The dbodkmark - Viktor's
dialog: the chapter heading
speaker_heading: ESCAPE FROM ELBA
dialog: 
text: ..-the realization hits him. 2
text: He calmly looks down onto the Immigration hall again, at the
text: HUNDREDS pouring through the doors...
scene_heading: EXT. NEWARK AIRPORT - NIGHT
text: Viktor exits the bus and gazes up at the terminal sign -
text: "NEWARK - Departures."
scene_heading: INT. DEPARTURE TERMINAL
text: DOORS part to find POLISHED LEATHER SHOES standing at the
text: doorway to the main Terminal concourse.
dialog: @
dialog: sae
text: The NOISE of the packed Terminal hits as passengers, in their
dialog: hurry to make it through here as quickly as possible, stream
text: and swirl around him but somehow
speaker_heading: VIKTOR
text: remains unruffled, at peace.
text: At last, he steps across the thresnold into the Terminal and
text: starts to walk... the camera drifting down to the paper
text: AIRPLANE gripped tightly in his hand...written on it in badly
text: smudged ink...'Viktor'.
text: We pull up and watch him go...the crowd swallowing him, until
text: finally and far away...a tiny speck in the distance...Viktor
dialog: disappears...
speaker_heading: Ve
dialog: 
