speaker_heading: THE FACULTY
dialog: (a.k.a THE FEELERS)
dialog: by Kevin Williamson
dialog: Draft dated 1/5/98
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. FOOTSALL FIELD - MORNING
text: The .morning sun beats down on a hig) school football stadium.
text: It has a small town feel. Enclosed by a track court, it has
text: metal bleachers on either side. It is morning but the sun is
text: already hot and blistering.
text: A large man, 40's, can be seen walking along the - empty field.
text: He drinks from a bottle of water. This is COACH WILLIS. A
text: hard man. Difficult. He stops to fuss with a water
text: sprinkler head. He jiggles it, tugs on it. Be can't seem to-
dialog: get it to work.
speaker_heading: COACH WILLIS
dialog: Goddammit! .
text: He pulls.on it same more when something takes his attention.
text: Something in the brittle grass. He reaches for it, curious,
text: knocking over his bottle water in the process.
speaker_heading: ‘COACH WILLIS (contd).
dialog: What the...
text: The Coach scoops something up in his hands.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. JEFFERSON HIGH SCHOOL - MORNING - SAME
text: A picturesque small town school. A building composed of red.
text: brick and tradition. The perfect representation of
dialog: everything good and true in small town life.
text: A sign sits in front. :
text: “WELCOME TO JEFFERSON HIGH! HOME OF THE FIGHTING PATRIOTS! “
text: It is still early and there are but a few people moving
text: about. An older woman in her 50's, petite, almost frail,
text: moves through the font doors. This is MRS. OLSON.
scene_heading: INT. HIGH SCHOOL FOYER - MORNING - SAME
text: Mrs. Olson moves down, the dim corridor. The morning sun
text: finds its way through windows, casting shafts of, lights along
text: the empty corridor.
text: yrs. Olson rounds a corner and runs into...
speaker_heading: PRESCIPAL DRAKE
text: Mid 40's. Stern but attractive with a ‘tough sexiness about
text: her. Mrs. Olsen jumps. -
speaker_heading: ( CONTINUED ).
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
scene_heading: MRS. OLSON .
dialog: Miss Drake. You scared me.
scene_heading: . PRINCIPAL DRAKE
dialog: You're late, Mrs. Olson. The library
dialog: opens at 8:00 and you're to arrive...
scene_heading: MRS. OLSON . .
dialog: +.one hour prior. I know but my husband
dialog: had a coronary this morning and I had to
text: rush him to the hospital where he died on
dialog: arrival and there were just a lot
dialog: paperwork to fill out and it-detained me.
text: Miss Drake stares at her. . A slight smile emerges.
scene_heading: —_ PRINCIPAL DRAKE
dialog: Nice try. Get the Oldsmobile fixed Miss
dialog: on. .
dialog: ee eed
dialog: Yes, ‘sir’.
text: The Principal carries on, leaving Mrs. Olson.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL CORRIDOR ~ A MINUTE LATER
text: Mrs. Olson comes around a corridor. The halls are empty
text: except for a janitor that moves about sluggishly in the
text: Mrs. Olson comes to a set of double doors. The
dialog: distance.
text: sign above reads “LIBRARY”.
speaker_heading: MRS. OLSON :
dialog: (singing) .
dialog: "I made it through the wilderness, -
dialog: somehow I made it through..."
text: Mrs. Olson juggles the chain and padlock that secure the
text: door. She unlocks it with her keys and opens the door and
text: _ Steps into the dark library.
scene_heading: INT. LIBRARY - SAME vt
text: Mrs. Olson stops to wrap the chain and lock around the inside
text: handle of the door and then hits the lights. The library is
dialog: illuminated.
text: It is a big and. vast room lined with rows and rows of.books.
text: There are many nooks and crannys that host tables and work
text: cubicles and computers.
speaker_heading: ( CONTINUED)
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Mrs. Olson moves through the library. to the circulation desk.
text: She plops down her things and then procaeds her morning ao
text: ritual of opening the library. She moves past a window and
text: opens the blinds..
speaker_heading: MRS. OLSON
dialog: “Didn't know how lost I was until I found
dialog: you."
text: Through the window, the Coach can be seen on the football
text: field nearby. He's still fusses with the sprinkler system.
text: Mrs. Olson moves on to another set of doors. She unchains
text: them also. She moves to a set of outdoor exit doars.
text: Unlocks it, then checks it out. She pushes on the door, It
dialog: sticks.
scene_heading: : : MRS. OLSON (cont‘d)
dialog: "I've been beat incomplete, I've been
dialog: whad,<and-been.sad..and . phe ane
dialog: ee
text: She pushes harder...the door rips” open and ‘she. comes face ‘to
text: face with Coach Willis. Mrs. Olson jumps. ‘The Coach stands
text: in the doorway. His face flush and sweaty.
speaker_heading: MRS. OLSON
dialog: . What do you want, Coach?-
speaker_heading: . COACH WILLIS
dialog: It's hot out there. Your water
dialog: fountain's the closest.
scene_heading: MRS. OLSON -
text: Library's not open for another half hour.
speaker_heading: COACE WILLIS
dialog: I'll just be a second.
text: The Coach smiles at her. It's a forced smile. He moves past
text: her. Mrs..Olson closes the door, placing the chain and lock
text: on the inside handle.
text: She moves to the thermostat and checks its reading while the
text: Coach makes his way to the water fountain. He bends down and
text: begins to guzzle water. His eyes glance over to Mrs. Olson.
speaker_heading: MRS. OLSON
dialog: (barely audible)
dialog: “But you made me feel, oocohhh, you made
dialog: me feel...”
text: Mrs. Olson moves to the circulation desk, when she turns
text: around she finds the Coach standing right behind her. He's
text: just a little too close ‘for her. .
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: ee
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
scene_heading: COACH WILLIS «..
dialog: What are you singing?
speaker_heading: MRS. OLSON
dialog: What? ‘oh, Madonna. Sorry.
speaker_heading: COACH WILLIS -
dialog: Who's Madonna?
text: Mrs. Olson looks at him like he's from another planet.
speaker_heading: MRS. OLSON
dialog: Please...everybody knows Madonna.
dialog: Singer, actress, mother, torpedo
dialog: breasts...she’s an American institution.
dialog: Where have you been? "Like a
dialog: Virgin...heyyy.."
dialog: .2,moment as if Processing ¢ this
dialog: 
dialog: . ~The justeshars ther
dialog: information. ie
speaker_heading: _ MRS. OLSON (cont'd)
dialog: You okay, Coach?
text: He nods. He turns his attention to the paper cutter that
text: sits on the counter. He moves to it, raises its arm and
text: brings it down. SWIITICKK! Mrs. Olson eyes him strangely.
speaker_heading: MRS. OLSON
dialog: I'm the librarian. . You're the Coach.
dialog: One of us is in the wrong place.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: He nods again, turning, moving toward the exit door.
speaker_heading: COACH WILLIS
dialog: Thanks for the water.
text: Mrs. olson turns and moves behind the circulation desk when,
text: sets down her keys when...
text: Suddenly, the lights go out. Darkness envélopes the. room.
text: Mrs. Olson spins around, her eyes quickly trying to adjust to
dialog: the room.
speaker_heading: MRS. OLSON (cont‘d}
dialog: Okay...what' s going on?
text: Suddenly, a WRESTLING of ‘chains.
text: She looks about...nothing. sh
dialog: je moves
text: takes her attention. It comes from the exit door.
dialog: to it.
speaker_heading: MRS. OLSON (cont’ay
dialog: Coach? a
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
text: She approaches the door to find no one there. Just the
text: chains slightly RATTLING. She notices the chain has heen
text: woven through both exit doors with the lock affixed. She's
text: been locked in. A growing concern grows across her face.
text: She moves across the room to the school corridor exit. .
text: She walks quickly...she discovers it too.has beeri locked.
text: She's trapped in. She pushes on the door. She fills her
text: pocket for the keys but then, remembers...
text: She looks back to the circulation desk where the keys lay.
text: She's frightened.. She turns to the exit doors and knocks on
text: them. She looks through the small window, the halls are
text: still empty.
text: Mrs. Olson turns back to the circulation desk.
dialog: the keys when...
scene_heading: memerare GACH WELLES:
dialog: Looking for these? . . wees
dialog: She moves for
text: She turns to find the Coach. He holds the keys in his hand.
speaker_heading: MRS. OLSON
dialog: What are you doing, Coach?
speaker_heading: COACH WILLIS
dialog: I wanted a moment alone with you.
text: Mrs. Olson stares him down.
speaker_heading: MRS. OLSON
dialog: I'm sure you've read your school handbook
dialog: on appropriate faculty conduct so please
dialog: give me those keys and avoid the
dialog: harassment charge.
text: The Coach holds them out.
speaker_heading: COACH WILLIS
dialog: Here. Take them.
text: He stands still, forcing Mrs. Olson to reach for them. She
text: doesn't move. A stale mate. . .
speaker_heading: MRS. OLSON
dialog: Put them on the counter.. .
text: A moment.
text: The Coach smiles, then sets them on the counter.
text: Mrs. Olson reaches for them when theses
scene_heading: COACH LUNGES FORWARD AND GRABS MRS. OLSON" s BY BER ARM
text: YANEING HER UP ONTO THE COUNTER.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4)
text: She SCREAMS BLOODY MURDER as the Coach drags her along the
text: counter to the paper cutter. He raises ‘the blade.
speaker_heading: MRS. OLSON (cont'd)
dialog: No...oh God, no, NO...
text: He pulls Mrs. Olson's head upto the cutter. She WRENCHES
text: and KICKS. She strikes out at the Coach. He loses his
text: footing. Mrs. Olson falls to the floor and takes off
dialog: running. .
text: He takes the paper cutter blade and rips
text: The Coach recovers.
text: He starts after Mrs.
text: it from its base, creating.a sword.
dialog: Olson.
speaker_heading: LIBARY STACKS
text: Mrs. Olson races through ‘rows and rows of books -shelves.
text: finds herself getting deeper and deeper into the library.
text: “She Stops, tries to SSSREEST He “terrified breathing as she
dialog: listens for the Coach. - . ae
dialog: She
text: She moves from row to row, her face frightened. Suddenly,
dialog: she hears...
speaker_heading: COACH WILLIS
dialog: (bad mimic)
dialog: “Like a Virgin...heyyy..."
text: The voice is coming from the other side of the back shelf.
text: She moves further down, looking through the shelf as she
text: goes, trying to see through to the other side.
text: Suddenly, the cutter blade comes slicing out,. just missing
text: her. She SCREAMS, then races down the narrow aisle. The
text: blade sticking out of the book shelf, as if chasing her.
text: Mrs. Olson reaches the end’ of the aisle, spins around the
text: corner to another aisle. She moves between two large book
text: shelves, flying down it. She reaches the end. It's a cul de
text: sac. A dead-end. She turns back around and looks to the
text: But he's not...all is quiet.
dialog: end...to see the Coach coming.
text: A long agonizing moment. And then, from behind, a hand
text: reaches through the book shelf and grabs her by her hair.
text: The hand rips back, picking her up and dragging her through.
text: the shelf...books crash to the floor as her entire body is.
text: forced through the shelf, finally disappearing from view.
text: One last SHRIEK from Mrs. Olson, then the library gaes deadly —
dialog: quiet.
speaker_heading: _ EAT
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. JEFFERSON HIGH SCHOOL ‘= MORNING ~ LITTLE LATER
text: The school has come to life as first period approaches,
text: STUDENTS are everywhere...coming, going-~racing across
text: campus. Music ROCKS from every direction as the CAMERA is
text: assaulted by the students of Jefferson High. - .
scene_heading: INT. RESIDENTIAL STREET - MORNING
text: A ‘young boy, PACEY, walks alone, his book bag slung over his
text: shoulder. CLOSE ON HIS FACE. Almost fifteen. Cute but
text: still in the gawky stage. .
text: He hears a car racing up behind him. Rock music BLARING. He
text: turns, recognizes it, drops off the-side walk, behind a bush,
dialog: taking another route. ~
text: At the far fence, beyond the goal post, Pacey ‘appears. ‘gis.
text: small frame slips through an opening in the chain~link fence
text: as he takes a short cut across the field. He looks toward
text: the ground. He's the kind of guy who watches his’ feet as he
dialog: walks.
text: He moves across the field, kicking at the ground when
text: something stops him. He. spots something on the ground. He
text: kneels down, curious. The toe of his shoe digs at something. -
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: - a.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: :
scene_heading: ON THE GROOND :
text: Zs a little worm-lika substance. No more than two inches
text: long, it appears dry and flattened, embedded in the grassy-
text: dirt. Pacay picks at it with his fingertips. He pries it
text: loose, scooping it up in his hand. He plays with it.
text: here's a soft fleshiness to it. Pacey brings it to his nose
text: and sniffs at it when... . .
text: A SEADOW APPEARS BEHIND HIM
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: (off camera)
dialog: What are you doing?
text: Pacey spins around, scared shitless. Standing before him is
text: COACH WILLIS. Pacey, jumps up, cupping his discovery in his
dialog: FACEY - | ‘.
dialog: I...uh...was just heading to school.
speaker_heading: COACH WILLIS Se
dialog: This ain't the route, son. uf
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: Yes, sir. I know that sic. I'm sorry
dialog: abeut that sir. .
text: Pacey steps back, in total fear of this guy.
speaker_heading: COACH WILLIS
dialog: You're a...I forgat your name...
speaker_heading: PACEY -
dialog: Pacey.
speaker_heading: COACH WILLIS
dialog: Right. I've seen you around. ‘You're not
dialog: . xweally into sports. .
text: Pacey doesn't say anything. He stands rigid.
speaker_heading: COACH WILLIS
dialog: Don't be so scared, son. I'm not gonna
dialog: bite you. Get outta here. a
text: Pagey tutns and takes off, scared of this guy. He takes the
text: worm-like thing with him. He skirts by the Coach, breaking:
text: into a sprint. ~ . vo
text: The Coach stares after him, then back to the ground.
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT, JEFFERSON SIGH SCHOOL - A MINUTE LATER
dialog: 3.
text: Pacey emerges from around a corner, moving through the
dialog: grewded gampus when... : .
speaker_heading: BAM!
text: Out of nowhere, an elbow comes flying back into his face,
text: nearly aplintering bis nose. He SLAMS back against ancther
text: STUDENT, falling to the ground.
text: Bleed pours aa the timid Pacey takes a deep breath, resigning
text: himself to his all too familiar role of school wuss.
text: A girl, 17, an elevated slacker type, dressed in ny Village
dialog: An
text: black witnesses the incident. This is STOKELY.
text: unapproachable cynic. She ayas Pacey and his bloody nose.
dialog: ( : :
dialog: €xash and burn, baby...
text: She travels on, her eyes going to the student parking lot
text: whera a two car fenderbender has caused a fist fight between
text: TWO GIRLS. ‘They claw at each other.
text: Stokely, watching the
text: Spectacle, and not where she's going, runs DEAD SMACK into...
speaker_heading: STAN
text: An ingredibly handsoma-studly~jock-JEK Jr. in the making-type
dialog: ef guy.
dialog: over.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: Whoa: You okay?
text: He leans into hex, his ocean blue eyes piercing Stokely.
text: yanks away violantly.
speaker_heading: STOKELY
dialog: Walk much?
text: He grabs hold of Stokely to keep her from falling
dialog: She
text: Stokely stampers off as the CAMBRA HOLDS on Stan, his face
dialog: confused,
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: You ran into me--Beast.
text: He takes off, passing a BADASS SENIOR who's revealing .a small
text: hand gun to a coupla FRESBMAN. They smile, impressed: Stan
text: Bpots someone across the way.
dialog: upon...
text: The CAMERA FOLLOWS as he comes
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED y
speaker_heading: CR
scene_heading: 12/29/1997 11:17 1 PAGE 83
scene_heading: eff = + Byizeee7 ©7372" Bewv7o
speaker_heading: CONTINUED s
text: A vivacious, sexy, perky, frivolous, beauty queen,
text: cheerleader of a girl. This is DELILAR. She stands, bored,
text: talking to a guy with a tuba.
dialog: Hey Delilah.
text: ‘Stan tries to give her a kiss. She jerks away wildly, her
text: hand protecting her lips.
speaker_heading: DELILAR
dialog: @ha lips. Op you mind? I'm working.
speaker_heading: . STAN
dialog: I need to talk to you.
dialog: -haye. a deadline. .
dialog: 
text: Sha turng her hack tq Stan who hrugs, marching on, “his” eyes
text: going to 4 young FRESHMAN who's getting racked in the balls
text: ¥ 2N-UPPER CLASSMAN. The boy falls over in pain. It's .
text: Pacey. The CAMERA FOLLOWS... .
text: A pretty young girl who walks by. Meet MARYBETE. A vision
text: of sweet sixteen, southern dabutante loveliness. Gorgeous
text: with lots cf hair that surrounds eyes full of spunk and fire.
text: She stops a passing TATTOOED PLERCED GIRL.
scene_heading: MARYBETH .
dialog: Excuse ma, Could you roint me toward the
dialog: effice? This is my first day here at
dialog: - defferson and it seems my sense of
dialog: direction has been obscured -by my rampant
dialog: . nervousness.
text: Marybeth's accent is 100% Georgia thick. It pours from her
text: lips. The tattoged pierced girl stares dead pan and points.
speaker_heading: MARYSETH
dialog: Thank you ever so. Name's Marybeth.
dialog: rbath Louise Hutchinson if you want
dialog: * the whole damn handle.
text: Marybeth takes ote, charging into ‘the school building, her
text: wide-eyes taking in everything. A TEEN COUPLE BICKER down
dialog: a . .
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Fusk “you!
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Ne, fuck you!
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED )
dialog: een
scene_heading: 12/29/1997 11:17 1 PAGE oq
scene_heading: eS Gq zeee7 Ors7eM. Qeavro
dialog: ‘ : ll.
speaker_heading: : CONTINUED: (2) :
text: The girl reaches over and SLAPS the boy. The boy doasn't
text: miss a beat. He SLAPS her back. But she's ready...she SLAPS
text: him back harder, Marybeth turns down another corridor,
text: Passing STUDENTS, TEACHERS...her eyes wander to...
text: A tall leather clad guy with hellish good looks. This is
text: ZEKE. A second year senior, Troubled and aware. He stands
text: dn a gircle of YOUNG TWERPS. ‘The CAMERA loses Marybeth and
text: fellows Zeke as he leads the twerps inte the boy's bathroom.
text: insida, he pulls a small Bic pen from his pocket, only the
dialog: ink has been removed. tt contains another substance, -
speaker_heading: ZEKE
dialog: Five bucks a pop. .
text: The twerps pull their money out as Zeke hands over several
text: wr BCD holding them uP to their
scene_heading: nostrils, SNORTING LOUDLY. : .
text: The pens’ contents, a hack drug, takes hold-of them quickly
text: ' ag they all start tweakin'. Zeke pockets the cash, smiling .
text: as the CAMERA RISES UP AND OVER a bathroom stall to reveal... . 7
text: Pacey, sowering alone in the stall, stuffing toilet paper up
text: his bleody nose, The CAMERA moves in close to him as he
text: desperately tries not to cry.
dialog: oe Welcome to Jefferson High.
scene_heading: END TITLE SEQUENCE.
scene_heading: INT. CLOSED DOOR - MORNING
text: Students come and go around a door marked FACULTY LOUNGE
dialog: cor TO:
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: TST. FACULTY LOUNGE — SAME
text: A large and spacious reom. A long conference table sits
text: center with a couch area off to the side next to a
dialog: refrigerator.
text: An assortment of THACKERS move about the space,_ talking,
text: smoking and BIICHING. .
text: A sexy hut timid 30somathing teacher crosses to the
text: xetrigerator. This is MISS HARPER. She places hex lunch in
text: the fridge, moving past...
text: MR. FURLONG, 40's, His face is kind, friendly, internally
dialog: happy.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: eee
scene_heading: 12/23/1987 11:17 1 PAGE 85
scene_heading: aff : Ff 12/28/97 Q7:37°M = 8/70
dialog: 
dialog: - 12.
speaker_heading: SONTINUED:
speaker_heading: HR. FURLONG
dialog: Good morning, Miss Harper.
scene_heading: MISS HARPER os -
dialog: Mr. Furlong. How are you this’ morning?
speaker_heading: MR. FURLONG
dialog: Great. Couldn't be better.
text: A atedsy old man in his fifties is at the coffee machine: He
text: ines his coffee with liquor from a flask, MUMBLING to
dialog: himself. He leoks hungover. No ona pays him any mind, Meet
scene_heading: MR. TATE.
speaker_heading: MR. FURLONG (cont'd)
dialog: Did anyone see Letterman last night?
dialog: 
dialog: No, I'm strictly Leno.
scene_heading: MR. FURLONG .
dialog: They had this dog who could walk
text: backwards on two paws while humming “Oo , :
dialog: Say can you see..." >
dialog: 
scene_heading: . MISS BARPER
dialog: Nowe.
scene_heading: . MR. FURLONG
dialog: It was the darndest thing.
speaker_heading: MR. TATE :
dialog: . And the point beings? :
scene_heading: MR. FURLONG : .
dialog: There’s not one. That's the point.
text: Just than, the decor opens and Coach Willis steps in. He
text: appears hot and sweaty. He moves immediately to the water
text: gooler where he hegins to guzzle massive amounts of water.
speaker_heading: MR. TATE
dialog: "Mr. Rogers was on Leno. Remember him?
scene_heading: MRS. BRUMMEL
dialog: (off camera)
text: Another teacher, MRS. BRUMMEL, moves by the Coach. She's
text: oid, near death; no longer fast on her feet. .
speaker_heading: : MISS HARPER
dialog: Who's he?
dialog: On ——
scene_heading: 12/29/1997 11:27 1 . PAGE 6
scene_heading: th = Gy revzsve7 7:37 PM D2 sar70
speaker_heading: f comrrNcED: (2)
scene_heading: MRS. BRUMMELL
dialog: “It's a beautiful day in the
dialog: neighborhood.” .
dialog: MR.
dialog: Is he still alive?
speaker_heading: MR. TATH
text: Barely. He wag in the chair. Didn't
dialog: move much. Kinda propped up.
text: Miss Harper moves by Mrs. Brummel.
speaker_heading: MISS HARPER
dialog: How are you today, Mrs. Brummel?
dialog: " wRs,
dialog: un Bik tired. But po, y aguplaints.
text: Mrs. Brummel drops a book. She trias to bend ‘down and pick
text: up a beok, but can't quite do it,
scene_heading: MISS BARPER ot
dialog: I got it, Mrs. Brummal. ia
text: Tate witnesses this.
dialog: Mr.
speaker_heading: = MR. TATE
dialog: (a whispex)
dialog: Can we say "retirement"?
text: ‘ Mrs. Harper passes by the Coach who now stands in front of
text: fhe air conditioning window unit. He's trying to cool . ‘s
dialog: self. - . .
speaker_heading: MRS. HARPER
dialog: Is it that hot teday, Coach?
dialog: 
text: The Coach locks at her and smiles.
speaker_heading: COACH WILLIS
dialog: It's a little heated today.
text: Bis face is dry. No sweat, just a’complete lack of moisture.
dialog: , cur Tor
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL CORRIDOR - SECONDS LATER
text: THE BELL RINGS. - STUDENTS make their way to class. Pacey
text: rockets down the hallway, moving to his lecker. Behind him
text: MOLLY appears. She's a young girl, pretty in a no~one-will-
dialog: notice-for-years kind of way. .
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: BR A
scene_heading: * 12/29/1997 11:17 1 PAGE 97
scene_heading: ff Be Gj vees7 ©737-M = Qszv70
dialog: A : 14,
speaker_heading: fe CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Bey, Pacey, what happened to your nose?
speaker_heading: PACEY .
dialog: Self inflicted, Molly.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: No it wasn’t. I saw,
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: You're passive-aggressive, Molly, anybody
dialog: ever tall you that?
text: She shrugs. Just then, Delilah appears,
speaker_heading: DELILAH
dialog: Yo, where have you been? Grab your
dialog: aIte....We have no front
dialog: page. We're in ac ANC em
dialog: 
text: Pacey pulls his camera from his locker, slaiming it shut,
text: turning to Molly. He places the expensive photographer's
text: gamera around his neck, :
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: Later.
text: Molly watches him go, disappointed in their exchange. she
text: has an obvious crush.
dialog: 
dialog: cur To:
scene_heading: INT. CLASSROOM - LITTLE LATER
text: The pristine Miss Harper stands in’ front of the room, her
text: ams erossed over her chest. She holds a book.
speaker_heading: MISS HARPER
dialog: ++S0 Crusce's greatest fear was that of
dialog: isolation. His external existence in no
dialog: way compared to the internal agony of
dialog: loneliness...
text: Zeke sits studly in the front row, No doubt to be closer to
dialog: He gives her a. + Seductive
text: the saliva inducing Miss Harper.
text: wink. Miss Harper looks away. Stunned.
text: Just then, the BELL RINGS. The class starts to disperse.
text: Zeke stands and approaches Miss Harper. .
speaker_heading: ZEKE :
dialog: XZ wouldn't wanna be Crusoe, Miss Harper.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: eae neem
scene_heading: 12/29/1997 11:17 1 PAGE 98
scene_heading: fi : e Gq tzesve7 7:37 PM Q56/70
dialog: 15,
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MISS HARPER
dialog: Why ig that Zeke?
speaker_heading: ZEKE y
dialog: All alone on that island. No one to talk’
dialog: to, Laugh with. No one ta touch.
speaker_heading: HARPER
dialog: But Crusoe found a way to fulfill himself
text: inside--even in madness.
text: Zeke moyes in close to Miss Harper. His stare pierces her,
speaker_heading: ZEKE
dialog: I just wouldn't want to live without a
dialog: body next to ma. How ‘baut you?
text: fortable. She shys away.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MISS HARFER ©
dialog: Well. .LesasLeee
speaker_heading: ZEKE
dialog: Tell you what, Miss Harper, don't you
dialog: answer that. Just think about it.
text: geke saunters off as Miss Harper stands flustered, wishing
dialog: she could handle certain situations better.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. MR. TATE'S CLASS ~ SAME
text: Mx. Tate sits at his desk sipping his fourth cup of laced
text: coffee, addressing the class, He takes a sip, then another,
text: then another. He appears tired and hungover. -
speaker_heading: MR. TATE
dialog: If everyone will turn to chapter 4.
text: Hitler's reign of terror.
text: Stan's hand goes up. .
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: -Actually, wa finished 4, Mr, Tate. We're
dialog: on Chapter 5.
text: In-the back of tha room Stokaly sits, pretending’ to read a
text: paperback. Her eyes are really on Stan who she watches flip
text: through his text book. After a moment she becomes aware that
text: she's being watched herself, by none other than... ..
text: Marybeth who is seated next to her. And not just watched but
text: studied. Stokely is becoming increasingly uncomfortable.
text: Another moment and then Stokely turns on her.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PAGE @9
dialog: 12/29/1997 -11:17 1
scene_heading: Tey t2vea97 @737"m 55/70
speaker_heading: eB
dialog: : 16.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: STOKELY
dialog: (loud whisper)
scene_heading: CAN-I-HELP~YOU? :
text: Marybeth smiles brightly.
speaker_heading: MARYBETE
dialog: Whateha reading?
dialog: (strains to read Stoke's book
dialog: cover)
scene_heading: DOUBLE PLANETS. Robert Heinlen. Emm.
text: Stokely doesn't respond. She puts tha book away quickly...
text: Shs turns back to the front of the room. Marybeth wiggles to
dialog: get her attention.
speaker_heading: MARYEETH
dialog: omEimewasybeth-Lovise-Eutchinson of
dialog: Atlanta. I'm new here.~-—=~""
speaker_heading: STOKELY
dialog: Okay.
scene_heading: . MARYBETH
dialog: What's your name?
speaker_heading: STOKELY
dialog: You don't need to know that.
dialog: 
text: Stokely turns from Marybeth. Contact is over. Marybeth is
text: perplexed. And intrigued.
dialog: cour TO:
scene_heading: . EXT. STUDENT COMMONS AREA ~- LUNCH
text: A late fall breeze blows through a courtyard of outdoor
text: tables where students eat lunch and congregate. The young,
text: angry couple from earlier are against a wall, SCREAMING at
dialog: e@ach ather,
speaker_heading: erRL
dialog: Fuck you!
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: No, fuck yout
text: Coach Willis and Mrs. Olson stand next to each other,
text: surveying their surroundings. Their is something oda wabout.
text: their behavior, “Their non-interaction with one another.
text: Abruptly, Mrs. Olson turns and leaves.
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PAGE 19
dialog: 12/29/1997 11:17 1
scene_heading: ‘ @ fag izees7 O737FH = Pysarz0
dialog: . 17.
speaker_heading: CONTINTED:
text: Nearby, Pacey sits with his camera around his shoulder. He's
text: looking through his bag. He pulls out a piece of folded
text: notehook paper. In it is the worm. Suddanly a SHADOW falls
text: ever Pagey- Be looks up to see a FIGURE towering over him.
dialog: It's Zeke. °
speaker_heading: ZEKE
dialog: Hey, shit bubble, what's up?
text: Pacey tries to remain calm.
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: How's it going, zeke?
text: Pacey puts the worm-like substance away,
speaker_heading: . ZEKE
dialog: er ga Tetle-testless and.
dialog: “Ehought =X neaded a torture fix.”
speaker_heading: . PACEY
dialog: Not today, Zeke. Kay?
text: Zeke spos a group of GABBING GIRLS across the way. He gets
dialog: an idea. .
speaker_heading: ZEKE .
dialog: But I need a favor. sae thosa three
dialog: girls over there?
text: Pacey doesn’t like the sound of this. zeke pulls Pacey to
text: his feet, putting his arm around him affectionately.
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: What about 'em?
speaker_heading: ZEKE
dialog: If you look close, the one in the middle
dialog: isn't wearing a bra. Here's what I want
dialog: you to do. Suppress every homosexual
dialog: tendency in your bedy and go over there
text: and rip the girl's shirt off and expose
text: “her breasts.
text: Pacey smirks. : ‘“
speaker_heading: B
dialog: Yeah right.
text: Zeke rears back and SLAMS Pacey, knocking ‘the wind out of
text: him. Then cozies up to him again.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED
dialog: A
scene_heading: 12/29/1997 11:17° 1 PAGE 11
scene_heading: : ee Byizzere7 O737PM A s3r70
dialog: os
speaker_heading: QONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: ZEKE
dialog: Den't do this, Pacey--you know I'ma
text: second year senior with a deep-rooted
dialog: “apply myself" issue-~despite. extremely
dialog: high SAT scores.
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: I know, Zeke.
speaker_heading: . ZEKE
dialog: Also I revel in a big fish-little pond
dialog: scenario, and for various other
dialog: psychological reasons that deal mainly
dialog: with mom and dad--I'1l probably elect a
dialog: third year. .Which means, ~-listen
dialog: up--that I will spend each and every day
dialog: of this year and next torturing you
text: i “hr atvery-slow subtle fashion.
dialog: “which is completely unnecessary if you
dialog: would simply walk over there and.give us
dialog: some tits. .
text: Pacey is completely petrified of this guy.
dialog: di . . . PACEY
dialog: L } come on, man, I can't do that. Don't
dialog: oo make me.
text: v Zeke grabs hold of Pacey's neck and begins to squeeze the
dialog: life from it.
speaker_heading: ZEKE .
dialog: . I'm not making you do anything. It's all
dialog: about choices. -
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: (choking)
dialog: Okay...okayeee
text: Zeke releases him, he nearly falls down, GASPING for air.
text: straightens himself up, looking about him. Molly has been
text: watching.. She eyes him, shaking her head "Don’t do it."
text: Pacey is beyond humiliation. He takes off, breaking through
text: the crowd, heading over toward the three gabbing girls.
text: Pacey, moves behind the threa girls, diving for the middle
text: one and with one hand grabs hold of her blouse and RIPS. .
text: The shirt comes flying off. Two bouncy breasts appear in
text: full campus view. The young girl shields herself in shock as
text: Pacey takes off xunning with the shirt.
dialog: He
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: arene
dialog: 12/29/1997 11:17 1
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PAGE 12
scene_heading: eS Gy izreever © 7:37PM Aysav70
dialog: . 19.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
text: Zeke watchegy Pacey run off, enjoying his torture fix.
dialog: cut To:
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOL COURTYARD ~ SAME -
text: Off in a comner, a GROUP OF STUDENTS chill, smoking
text: cigarettes. Off alone, sits Stokely on a ledge smoking a
text: cigarette and reading her book. She cringes to see Marybeth
text: approaching.
speaker_heading: MARYBETH
dialog: Mind if I join you?
text: Silence. Marybeth takes.a saat anyway. A moment as they
text: “both sit. Marybeth lcoks around. The "fuck you" couple are
text: nearby, still going at it in full force. Marybeth spots Zeke
text: axretively to another classmate.
dialog: + aLising Sec:
text: Sta notices Stokely is watching hin-teor-" not .
speaker_heading: MARYBETH
dialog: Who's the nice rear?
speaker_heading: STOKELY
dialog: Zeke. He's the class pharmacist.
text: They watch as Zake makas a business transaction. Marybeth
text: picks up Stokely'’s paperback.
speaker_heading: MARYBETH
dialog: You one of those science fiction people?
dialog: You believe in alternate universes and
dialog: alien beings and stuff? I'm feeling
dialog: pretty alien myself today.
text: Stokely isn’t talking. In fact, she's moving. She gathers
dialog: her things.
scene_heading: MARYBETH .
dialog: So, why don't you want me to know your
dialog: name?
scene_heading: . STOKELY
dialog: Why, do you want to know my name?
speaker_heading: MARYBETH
dialog: I don't have any friends and, correct. me
dialog: if I'm wrong, but you seem to have one
dialog: less than that so I just thought...
text: Stokely doesn't know what to make of this girl. gust then,
dialog: Delilah appaars. All amtles.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CN
scene_heading: 12/29/1997 11:17 1 PAGE 13
scene_heading: Lf . FF iC] terearar 7:37 Pm Qsw70
dialog: : 20.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DELILAE
dialog: Hi Stokely, are you seducing the new
dialog: students again?
dialog: (to Marybeth) ty -
dialog: Bi, I'm Delilah. Happy to have you at
dialog: Jefferson. Oh, Stokely, love the way you
text: ‘accessorize the different shades of black
dialog: in your ensembalage.
speaker_heading: STOKELY
dialog: Puck you, gutter slut.
text: Dalilah doesn't flinch. She flashes Stokely a covargirl
dialog: smile.
speaker_heading: . DELILAR
dialog: x don't know why you insist on being such
dialog: ~warbad exemple for-your.. ‘people. a :
text: Marybeth eyes Stokely. _
speaker_heading: MARYBETE
dialog: What people? ers
speaker_heading: DELILAR
dialog: (to Marybeth
dialog: I hope you're noe a violent lesbian like
dialog: your newfound friend here?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MARYBETE
dialog: {completely flusterad)
dialog: veemO, I'm not aware of any
dialog: lesbianism in my lineage... _
text: STORELY . .
dialog: (to Delilah)
dialog: You bipolar bitch,
text: Stokely shoves Delilah, charging passed her, out of sight.
dialog: cur To:
scene_heading: BXT. SCHOOL CORRIDOR - SECONDS LATER
text: Bunch is still in progress as Stokely races down. tha near
text: empty hallway. she's out of breath and out of sorts. She
text: stops at a water fountain and takes a sip, catching her
text: reflection in ‘the clean mirrorish steel.
text: Sha wipes at her face. Her looks clearly disturb her She
text: rests S ggainet a@ locker directly across from an open doorway
dialog: revealing...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: a
speaker_heading: PAGE 14
dialog: 12/29/1997 11:17 1
scene_heading: . Fe Gg izeser O737F4 — Qsar79
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 21.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
scene_heading: MRS. BRUMMEL'S CLASSROOM.
text: Alone at her dask is Mrs. Brummal, eating her lunch quietly.
text: Stokely moves down the hallway, running smack into...
speaker_heading: MRS. OLSON
text: yery much alive. She looks a bit tired and sweaty.
speaker_heading: STOKELY
dialog: Sorry, Mrs. Olson.
text: Mrs. Olson says nothing, she moves on to Mrs. Brummel’s
dialog: dooway. .
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 1 Mes.
dialog: | company. : ;
text: Mrs. Olson moves into the room, turning to see Stokely :
text: standing across the hall. Their eyes meat. A moment. And
text: then Mrs. Olson quietly shuts the door. : 4
text: ° Stoke backs down the hall staring at the closed door. -
text: ‘ Curious. She doesn't see the FIGURE that looms behind her. :
text: She runs into...
dialog: 4
dialog: 
dialog: atin
dialog: . STAN...again. - .
dialog: STAN . . So,
dialog: Whoa! . -
text: She yanks away.
scene_heading: . STOKELY
dialog: Get an eye dog.
speaker_heading: . STAN
dialog: You're a work, man. :
text: Stan's ayes find hers. He smiles. His state makes her
text: uncomfortable, She scurries off. .
speaker_heading: ‘GUT TOs
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PAGE 15
dialog: 22/29/1997 11:17 1
scene_heading: Ss Way iz2s/s7 O737P¢ Dy aav70
dialog: A
dialog: . . o . /
dialog: : . 22,
scene_heading: INT. BIOLOGY LAB - LITTLE LATER
text: A big room with many work stations. Just before the bell.
text: The room is filling up. Kids joke and laugh. The room is
text: very relaxed, Pacey is talking to Mr. Furlong. :
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: I found something on the football field.
dialog: I thought you might check it ouc for me.
speaker_heading: MR. FURLONG
dialog: What it is?
text: Pacey reaches into his bag.
text: In the back of the room, Stokely is at a work station.
text: Marybeth appears by her side
speaker_heading: ee “" MARYBETE
dialog: Wanna be lab partners?
text: Stokely just accepts it. There's no other takers.
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MARYBETH
dialog: I didn't know you were a lesbian. I
dialog: don't think I've ever met one before.
dialog: I'm from the south and we're all just so
dialog: repressed down there. Have you been out
dialog: ng? :
text: Stokely remains quiet.
dialog: It's very impressive and evolved of you. .
speaker_heading: STOKELY : ,
dialog: I'n ea feslan, alright.
speaker_heading: MARYBETH :
dialog: Oh, be one. Please. Fly free.
scene_heading: . STOKELY
dialog: You were right about me, okay. I don't
dialog: have any friends and I like it that way.
dialog: Being a lesbian is my security. .
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MARYBETH
dialog: Against what?
speaker_heading: STORELY
dialog: People like you.
speaker_heading: (CONTINDEDy
speaker_heading: A MR
dialog: 12/29/1997 11:17 1
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: PAGE 16
scene_heading: Be fy 12/2esaT (7:37 2M 1) 43/70
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: MARYBETH
dialog: Complex.
scene_heading: AT THE FRONT OF THE ROOM . a -
text: Pacey is showing Mr. Furlong what
text: field. He lays it out on the lab table.
dialog: around.
dialog: ur. Furlong is in:
dialog: he found on tha foothall
dialog: Others gather
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: I've never seen one before. I thought
dialog: you might like it.
speaker_heading: MR. FURLONG
dialog: Cool.
dialog: 
text: stantly intrigued. He immediately sets it
scene_heading: _--llp_ona~iab-eoxk: board-and-daspec: -dk. : .
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: It's some kind of worm...
speaker_heading: FURLONG
dialog: Well, not exactly. It appears to be more
dialog: . Parasitic. Of the protozoa family maybe.
text: Mr. Furlong is stumped. But fascinated. His excitement
text: grows. Ha points to a STUDENT.
speaker_heading: * FURLONG :
dialog: Hey, grungehead, pass me the scope thera.
text: THE BELL RINGS. The remainder of the class wanders in.
text: Including Zeke. Marybeth eyas him instantly.
speaker_heading: TEE WORM -
speaker_heading: cur TOs
speaker_heading: MINUTES LATER
text: The entire class has gathered around the table while Mr.
text: Furlong examines Pacey's find.
speaker_heading: FURLONG
text: A certain masozoan only occurs in the
text: kidney of certain octopuses and squids,
dialog: which wouldn't make sense because... ©
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: This is Ohio. oe
speaker_heading: FURLONG :
dialog: Correct. It's a pelagic organism...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED) *
speaker_heading: RR
scene_heading: 12/29/1997 11:17 1 PAGE 17
scene_heading: eth : Ss . (ay izees7 7:37 PM 47/70
dialog: ~
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: . STUDENT
dialog: What's pelagic?
dialog: (from the back of the room)
text: A sea dwalling organism.
text: Marybeth turns te Zeke, surprised by his knowledge.
speaker_heading: FURLONG
dialog: Exactly, I don't recognize this surface
dialog: tissue at all. Pacey, I don’t wanna jump
dialog: the gun hut you might have found a new
dialog: species here.
dialog: t :
dialog: “STUDENT . '
dialog: (true ) ;
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: ro FURLONG ° !
dialog: ' It could happen. New species are’ |
dialog: discovered every day. Don't bea . I
dialog: skeptic, You're too young. .
text: Zeke breaks through the students, shoving Pacey aside,
text: leaning intg the microscope.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 2EKE
dialog: Could it be gnathostomulida, They
dialog: ascaped detection until the mid 20th
dialog: century,
text: Maryheth eyes Zeke, flirtatiously.
speaker_heading: MARYBETH
dialog: You just know everything.
text: : Zeke flashes a smile. Their eyes meet. .
dialog: her back)
dialog: eyes her
dialog: _ i'm é contradiction.
speaker_heading: FURLONG
dialog: Wo, check the follicles on it's
dialog: anderbelly. It's not annelid or .
text: mollusca. It's completely extrinsic.
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: What should we do with it?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Oe
scene_heading: 12/29/1987 11:17 1 PAGE 18
scene_heading: . Baivevs7 O7:37FM fy 4er70
dialog: cz @
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: * 25.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: {2}
speaker_heading: " FURLONG
dialog: I think we should call the university.
dialog: Send it up there, let them have a leok.
speaker_heading: STUDENT ‘
dialog: Hey, Starship Stoke, why doen't you take a
dialog: look? Maybe it's from your planet.
speaker_heading: STORELY
dialog: Blow me, you bloodfart.
speaker_heading: FURLONG
speaker_heading: EASY.
text: Stokely shoves the obnoxious student who falls into the
text: table, spilling a cup of water acrossed it, splashing the i
dialog: erm-like organism, _gousing ite Suddenly... .
dialog: THEE WORM CURLS ae
text: Several students GASP as the organism begins to spiral and
text: then retracts on its own. Very much alive. :
dialog: . . 7H hs
dialog: Did you see that?
speaker_heading: BACEY
dialog: It moved. .
text: Mx. Furlong syes it.
speaker_heading: FURLONG
dialog: cool, .
dialog: cor To:
scene_heading: A WATER FILLED AQUARIUM - A MINUTE LATER
text: The class stands around it as Mc. Furlong holds the cork mat
text: with the organism above it.
speaker_heading: - ZEKE
dialog: You think it's amphibian?
speaker_heading: FURLONG
dialog: Water resusitated it.
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: Bat couldn't this kill it?
speaker_heading: STUDENT
dialog: Yeah, you don't wanna drown At. That's
dialog: sold, dude.
speaker_heading: ‘(CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: OT
scene_heading: 12/29/1997 11:17 1 PAGE 19
dialog: ieveess? 7:37 PM” Bas7o
dialog: 8
dialog: 
dialog: .) : : :
dialog: : . . 26.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: :
text: Mx. Furlong drops it into tha aquarium. A moment as it
text: begins to sink to the bottom, But midway it stops. Slowly,
text: it begins to balloon ont, swelling slightly. :
scene_heading: CLOSE ON THE ORGANISM
text: Through the glass, the creature seems to bubble as it sprouts
text: tiny, thin-like feelers that spread around it quickly. The
text: feelers shoot out attaching themselvas to one side of the
text: glass. Then pulls the worm towards it in a lightning move.
text: Many SCREAM as the entire class steps back. LAUGHTER follows
text: a5 everyone’s nerves get taised.
speaker_heading: . FURLONG
dialog: It's okay..it's okay.
text: —— pddey Bends town and 16oks“ae'the “glass in wonderment.
speaker_heading: PACEY i
dialog: Tt's incredible.
speaker_heading: STUDENT oy
dialog: {in response)
text: x. Furlong ‘eyes the glass too. It‘s unlike anything he's
text: ,ever seen before. He masks any trepidation.
speaker_heading: MR. FURLONG
dialog: Perhaps wa should call the University.
dialog: They might be able to tell us more. ft
dialog: 
text: Pacey coritinues to watch it.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL ATHLETIC CENTER ~ LITTLE LATER
text: A huge Olympic swimming pool takes up the entire room.
text: Physical Ed. is in Progress as a group of boys race in lanes.
text: The Coach BLOWS his whistle,
speaker_heading: COACH WILLIS
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Hit the showers!
text: Stan, dripping wat, Btands next to Coach Willis.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: -+I'va just been thinking ahead...well,
dialog: I've decided to quit the team and
dialog: concentrate on my academics.
speaker_heading: (CONTINGED)
dialog: Oe
speaker_heading: PAGE 29
dialog: 12/29/1987 11:17 1
scene_heading: Pf Wyrveva7 O737PM = Dyeas70
dialog: off
dialog: 275
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Stan takes a deep breath, eyeing the Coach. A moment as the
text: pre-occupied Coach realizes that Stan has finished talking»
dialog: and it's now his turn. oy -
speaker_heading: COACE WILLIS
dialog: Okay..well, Stan, wa'll miss you.
text: The Coach BLOWS the whistle again, motioning to someone.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: That's it?
speaker_heading: COACH WILLIS
dialog: _ What do you want me to say? My star
dialog: quarter tells me the day hefore we play
dialog: Brun County-~the only team in the
dialog: Strict that can kick our ass--he '
dialog: “asesn't wanta play.” There's. something up
dialog: with that. You seem'to be going through a
dialog: life defining turning point and I’m not
dialog: gonna stand in.the way of the human
dialog: condition. You do what you have to do. . “it
text: . Stan is amazed at how well the Coach is taking it. ‘This is
dialog: alll not the expected reaction, .
dialog: 
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: Thanks for not reaming me, Coach.
text: The Coach smiles. He couldn't be more understanding,
speaker_heading: “QUT TO:
dialog: 
scene_heading: oO IST, LOCKER ROOM - TWO MINUTES LATER
text: Pacey is at his locker. He's slowly stripping, readying
text: himself for the shower. A COUPLE JOCKS in towels, pass by.
dialog: They've aizeady finished up.
speaker_heading: JOCK #12
dialog: Yo, piss wad.
text: The Jock SLAMS Pacey against his locker.
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: Excuse me. I was breathing here.
text: Another Jock comes up behind hi him and SLAMS him into his
text: leckar again, holding him there
speaker_heading: JOCK #2
dialog: - That's the problem, you anal brake.
dialog: You're occupying my aix. :
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: OR
scene_heading: 12/29/1997 11:17, 1 . PAGE 21
scene_heading: et . Se Gyrzvevsr Oz7a7em’ (haav70
dialog: ~ :
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: I'm committing suicide later this evening
dialog: if that'll help.
speaker_heading: SOCK #1
dialog: Don't get smart with me, you little puke.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: (off camera)
dialog: Hey, guys, leava him alone.
text: The Jocks turn to find Stan behind them.
speaker_heading: STAN (cont'd)
dialog: Hands off. .
text: They turn. ta stan, Smiling, obeying. . He has power aver these
dialog: ve GUYS ees =e ee ”
dialog: sock #2 ° Leese
dialog: in passing)
dialog: Yo, Stan, whatever you say captain,
dialog: tomorrow night, right?.
dialog: #1
dialog: 
dialog: , : 8
dialog: ail We draw blood.
text: . Stan gives the guys a high five. He doesn’t have the nerve .
text: oo to tell them. He turns to Pacey.
speaker_heading: STAN Te
dialog: It must really blow being -you. “bk
dialog: Pacey just neds.
scene_heading: INT. SHOWERS - MINUTE LATER
text: Stan is in the shower alone. He turns on the water ang it
text: quickly steams up as he steps cunder the nozzle. He lathers
dialog: up. , "
text: He soaps up his face, eyes closed, not seeing the SHADOW that
text: bounces across his face. He opens his eyes, rinses. Sees
text: mais ein Ee spins around as another SHADOW fails over hin,
dialog: a NOISE. . ‘h
text: With soap in bis eyes, he turns.
speaker_heading: . STAN
dialog: Yo, Pacey.
dialog: Thera’s no response,
text: Just a growing SHADOW that appears to
dialog: be moving towards him. maa
speaker_heading: . (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: 12/29/1997 11:17 2 . . PAGE:
scene_heading: th Ee G@aiz2s97 737M Dry
dialog: 
dialog: 229,
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED? L ,
dialog: |
speaker_heading: 1
dialog: |
text: CLOSE ON TWO FEET as they move on the shower fleor. Women's
text: feet in heels. They struggle out of the shoes. Barefoot,
text: the feet appear aged and weathered. . . .
text: Stan rinses seap from his face, opening his eyes to
dialog: Giscover... -
scene_heading: MRS. BRUMMEL
text: standing in the middle of the shower, her face contorted in a
text: Rizarre expression. Almost trance-Like.
text: Stan freaks, reaching for his towel.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: Shit, Mrs. Brommel!
text: ~~~" me Sld and tized WES. Braman” tragaling with her dress.
text: She pulls on it wildly, trying to “rip it from her bedy,
text: Stan watches in horror, She seems completely lost,
dialog: disorianted,..cut of sorts.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. LOCKER ROOM — SAME
text: Pacey is dressed and walking out when he hears Stan's SCREAM. :
dialog: He races to the shower to. find... , )
dialog: 
text: IN THE SHOWER .
text: Stan moves towards Mrs. Brummel.
dialog: . Mrs. Brummel. - Are you okay? : .
speaker_heading: BACEY
dialog: Jesus. vee
text: Mrs, Brummel moves under a shower head, letting the water
dialog: soak her,
scene_heading: - RS. BRUMMEL
dialog: Please..-help me...I can't breathe...
text: Stan moves toward her. Pacsy stands, mortified, at the
text: doorway. Stan turns to him.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: Get help.
text: Pacey disappears, Stan turns back to Mrs. Brummel.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: 12/29/1997 11:17) 2 : PAGE 23
speaker_heading: S (iy izevs7 O7r37eM — atz70
dialog: 30.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: What's wrong, Mrs. Brummel?
text: She gtabs hold of him, pulling him to her, holding him for ,
text: dear life. Stan is taken back. Unsure of what to de, he
text: wraps his arms around her, comforting her.
scene_heading: MRS. BRUMMEL
dialog: (a whisper in his ear)
dialog: I don't know what’s happening.
text: Stan reaches down and pats her head gently when...
text: A CLUMP OF HER HAIR
text: ' wo comes off ain his hand. Stan stares at at, face aghast.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT. JEFFERSON RIGH ~ LATER
text: THE BELL RINGS. School's out as students come barreling out
text: the doors of Jefferson High. . .
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR ~ LATER
text: Stan and Pacey are in the hallway talking to Mrs. Olson.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: Is Mcs. Brummel going to be okay?
speaker_heading: OLson
text: Stan, Mrs. Brummel's bean diagnosed with
dialog: cancer and she’s on a lot cf.medication
dialog: at the moment. it's causes
dialog: disoriantation. We ware hoping she'd
dialog: make it through the school year but
dialog: unfortunately... I hope you can
dialog: understand the sensitive nature of the
dialog: situation.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: . STAN
dialog: - Hey, I can keep it quiet.
speaker_heading: OLSON
dialog: Pacey? Do you understand?
text: But Pacey is paying attention to Mrs. Olson.
text: out the window. :
scene_heading: ‘ANGLE THROUGH WINDOW
text: fe's staring .
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: eee
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: 12/29/1987 11:17 1 . PAGE 24
dialog: wit . a Faq izezee7 Qz737PM By eoy7q
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The football field can he seen. Pacey watches as the
text: sprinkler system sprays water all over the field. The Coach
text: stands on the sidelines watching. He stands tall. Pacey ..
dialog: studies him. ‘s -
speaker_heading: : MRS. OLSON
dialog: Pacey?
text: He turns to her.
speaker_heading: PACEY .
dialog: Bure, yeah, whatever...
text: Mrs. Olson smiles, walking off as Delilah approaches, Pacey,
text: ; lost in thought, disappears. .
dialog: !
speaker_heading: ‘ STAN :
dialog: | Is-what true? : . “y
speaker_heading: DELITAE 2
dialog: Did you quit the team or not? : a
dialog: lll, Uh-oh. She already knows. And she's pissed. ~
dialog: 
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: Hey, I tried to tell yau this morning.
speaker_heading: ‘ DELIZAR
dialog: So you just decided on your own? Were
dialog: you evan going to tell me? .
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: I don't wanna play anymore, okay. Look,
dialog: could we cool this. I just had the
dialog: weirdest experience thus far in life.
text: Stan starts off but Delilah stops him.
speaker_heading: DELILAH
dialog: -Don't diffuse. One thing at a time.
dialog: We're a couple--you and me. We should
dialog: discuss these things first. You know, how
dialog: controlling I am. ‘
dialog: . STAN .
dialog: Z've had a really weird day. I just
dialog: don't ‘wanna play anymore, alright? Just
dialog: leave it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 12/29/1997 11:17 i
speaker_heading: fh SBS @yrzzasr Qrszeu
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) .
dialog: Stan is really emotional about this. It's very unexpected.
text: Delilah hag never seen him like this before. But it doesn't
dialog: even phase her.
speaker_heading: DELILAR .
dialog: But you have nothing else. Don't you get
dialog: it? “Your boyish good leoks and athletic
dialog: Prowess are all you have.
text: This hits Stan hard. He stares at her in complete disbelief.
speaker_heading: Ss
dialog: I thought...
speaker_heading: DELIDAB .
dialog: ’ Stop thinking. It doesn't work for you.
text: woe ~ Andapith-that;—Beltbah-stons-Of6,: leaving Stan erushed,
dialog: = “y cor 70:
scene_heading: Int. sronecy LAB - A LITTLE LATER
text: Mr. Furlong sits on a stool overlooking the aquarium, The
text: water level has dropped considerably. Mr. Furlong adds some
dialog: water to it.
speaker_heading: . MR, FORLONG
dialog: Area you'a boy or a girl?
text: Furlong watches the thing as it moves from one side of the
dialog: aquarium to the other.
scene_heading: . MR. FURLONG (cont'd) -
dialog: And more importantly can you hum ‘oO say
dialog: _ San you sea” .
text: .Furlong reaches for a thin latex glove. He slides his
dialog: hand inte it,
speaker_heading: MR. FURLONG (cont'd)
dialog: let's get friendly. Whaddya say?
text: Mx. Furlong snaps the glove tight and then places his hand at
text: -Bhe aquarium epening. He's a little hesitant. .I¢'s on hic .
dialog: Ace.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE AQUARIUM
text: The feelers whip abont, growing longer and longer around the
text: worm. The water no longer looks clear. Mr. Furlong dips his
text: hand into it, moving it down.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: PAGE 25
speaker_heading: 0339/70
dialog: 
dialog: em
scene_heading: 12/29/1997 ‘11:17, 1 PAGE 26
scene_heading: i 8 , iy 12/28/97 7:37PM Ey 38v70
scene_heading: € - CONTINUED:
text: Furlong‘s hand moves down, through the web of feelers. He
text: ve moves to the worm, taking it between his thumb and
text: ee forefinger, squeezing it. Unexpectddly,.it separates,
text: dividing in two. Both sections, sensing | harm, dart to
text: . ALé€ferent ends of the aquarium.
speaker_heading: EURLONG |
dialog: Yeu can raplicate, my little friend.
text: Furlong lets his hand dangle in the middle. Just then; one .
text: of the worms spews forth, right at Furlong's hand. It
dialog: attaches itsel= to it. |
text: Furlong SCREAMS IN PATS, leoking down te sae the worm attack
text: him. de Shakes it dooney palling his hand from the aquarium.
dialog: ought
text: _Furlong checks out his finger. He's okay. He taps the
dialog: 
scene_heading: mR. FURLONG
dialog: That hurt.
dialog: cur TO: .
scene_heading: INT, SCHOOL CORRIDOR ~ MINUTES LATER
text: The hallways have cleared out. Pacay walks alone down the
text: hallway, his camera around his nach. Just then, Dalilah~
text: appears.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DELILAH
dialog: -Z need a, Jead story. I have no page one.
text: pacey follows ‘her dow: the empty corridor. ,
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: . We think we found a new phylum in.
dialog: ‘Biology. It's bizarre. Really bizarre.
dialog: Mc. Furlong thinks it could ba a new . :
dialog: ‘species. : fT
speaker_heading: DELILA
dialog: “Ocookhh. Let me race to the stands for
dialog: that issue.
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: You should see it, I think it's som
dialog: weird shit.
speaker_heading: DELILAR :
dialog: Who gives a rat's ass? I want dirt.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: a
dialog: 
dialog: 12/29/1997 11:17 1
scene_heading: Ss » y2rzere7 OQ za7 eM
dialog: 34,
text: They come to a dcor marked FACULTY LOUNGE.
speaker_heading: BACEY
dialog: We can't go in there.
speaker_heading: DELILAH
dialog: Look, little freakboy, you're with me--be
dialog: brave.
scene_heading: INT. PACULTY LOUNGE ~ SAME
text: The lounge is empty. Saveral loud KNOCKS are heard. ‘Then
text: the doar squeaks open and Delilah sticks her head in. The
text: coast is clear, She pushes Pacey through the door and they
dialog: enter.
speaker_heading: _— PACEY
dialog: hae ararud Tockiig
speaker_heading: DELILAE
dialog: Anything.
text: Delilah immediately starts nosing around. She checks cut the
text: faculty mailboxes, opens drawers, cabinets. Finds a purse or
dialog: two.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DELILAE
text: Miss Burke is medicated.
text: Delilah is reading a prescription drug she’s found ina
text: purse, Pacey pushes open a supply closet and peruses it. He
text: holds up an empty liquor bottle.
speaker_heading: “DELIZAR
dialog: {eyeing it)
dialog: I exposed Mr, Tate's alcoholism last
dialog: year. Nobody cares. .
text: There’s a noise at the door. Delilah and Pacey freak.
text: dive for the closet, closing the door behind. them...leaving a
text: slight cracks .
scene_heading: INSIDE THE CLOSET
text: Delilah and Pacey peek to see Mrs. Olson enter the lounge
text: with Coach Willis. ‘They appear sweaty and dehydrated. They
dialog: move to the water cooler. :
scene_heading: IN THE LOUNGE -
text: The Coach and Mrs. Olson move silently. Cozch Willis pants
text: water from the cooler and hands it to Mrs. Olson. she
text: splashes it on her face. :
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: PAGE 27
speaker_heading: 037/70
dialog: ene
scene_heading: 12/29/1897 11:17, 1 . . PAGE 29
dialog: Gay 12/28/97 @ 7:37PM" 36/70
dialog: " &
dialog: ees
scene_heading: CONTINUED: .
speaker_heading: IN TEE CLOSET
text: Delilah can't quite see. she’ ‘gets bold, pushing t the door
text: open further to Pacey's frantic objections.
scene_heading: BACK IN Tae LOUNGE
text: Miss Burke enters the room, smiling at the Coach and Mrs.
dialog: Olson.
speaker_heading: MISS BURKE
dialog: Bey, Coach, is it true we could get
dialog: rained out tomorrow night?
text: The Coach and Mrs. Olson sye each other.as Miss Burke moves
text: aeross the room to retrieve her purse. Then, the Coach turns
text: so Miss Burke, a smile appearing acrosa his face.
dialog: 
dialog: It‘ll never happen, Misa Burke.
text: The Coach moyes toward her with Mrs. Olson circling the
text: center table, coming up behind har. . . .
speaker_heading: MISS BURKE
dialog: Not according to channel 12.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE CLOSET
text: Delilah and Pacey watch through the crack as Mrs. Olson
text: passes right: by the closet, moving in on Miss Burke.
dialog: 
text: ‘ ‘Miss Burke turns to find Mrs, Olson right in her face. she's :
text: . confused. Har timid hedy fidgets as she inches away from .
text: her, towards the closet. :
speaker_heading: MISS BURKE
dialog: -Is something wrong?
text: > Suddenly, the Coach LUNGES FOR HER, attacking her, throwing
text: her against the closet door.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE CLOSET
text: The door SLAMS shut. It's impact staxtling pelilak. She
text: goes flying back against the back closet wall. She trips, i.
text: dropping hard to the floor coming face to face with... a
scene_heading: MRS. BRUMMEL
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED}
dialog: 
scene_heading: 12/29/1997 11:17 1 _ PAGE 29
scene_heading: di vey Gy 12/28/87 Q 7:37 BM 35/70
dialog: 36.
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTINUED: (2) . vo
text: Very much dead, sitting, proppad upright in the corner of the
text: closet. Her body stiff and pale. Depleted. Delilah LEAFS
text: up in terror as Pacay grabs her, throwing his hands over her
text: mouth, stifling her scream. But Del's hysterical, she fights
dialog: him. . Just then...
dialog: CRASH! BOOM!
text: epom bayond the door, a struggle is heard as Miss Burke CRIES
dialog: pnt.
text: BACK IN THE LOUNGE
text: Coach. Willis has thrown Miss Burke to the floor. Mrs. Olson
text: moves with exact precision, grabbing Burke's arms, pinning
text: them down while Willis climbs on top of her, ‘straddling her.
dialog: “=~ IN TEECLUSET
text: ‘Delilah is crazed, she fights Pacey, trying-to break free. |
text: She pushes Pacey against a shelf. Supplies start to shift as |
text: the shelf upturns. Pacey grabs at it, stabilizing it, so as
dialog: not to make noise.
text: BACK IN THE LOUNGE
text: Mrs. Qlson sits up, certain she's heard something.
speaker_heading: IN THE CLOSET
dialog: |!
text: Pacay and Del drop to the floor, Pacey SSSHEBES her. — |
text: They're both scared beyond belief, just inches from Brumnel’s ‘
text: aizeless corpse, They hear the struggle continue.beyond the
dialog: Or» - :
text: BACK IN THE LOUNGE
text: Miss Burke, sheckad and stunned, is fighting back. KICKING
text: and WRITEING underneath the Coach's strong body. Mrs. Olson :
text: ‘Willis bends over
text: turns her attention back to Burke as Coac:
text: Burke's petrified face, bringing his open mouth down to her
dialog: eat. .
text: IN THE CLOSET .
text: Pacey and Del, frozen still, listen as Miss Burke's struggla
text: comes to an end. All goes quiet. A deadly silence. Then....
dialog: 
dialog: TAP! TAP! -
text: Two pencils fall down on Pacey. He looks up to see a large
text: box of pencils overturned on its side. . They're slowly
text: dislodging. Pacey's eyes widen...oh shit! —
speaker_heading: ‘(CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: eee
speaker_heading: PAGE 39
dialog: 12/29/1997 11:17 1
speaker_heading: faqieeee7 (737M 3470
dialog: a 8
dialog: 
dialog: i - ,
dialog: a 37.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) °
text: A pencil braaks free, rolling from the box and over the edge
text: af the shelf, falling down,
text: Pacey reaches out, grabbing it, before it can hit the flaor:
text: and make noise. Delilah sees what's happening as another
text: pencil falls. Pacey, frantic, reaches out, catches it, but
text: another comes fast behind it. He can't keep up with them.
text: Delilah tries to help as the pencils begin te rain down.
text: BACK IN THE LOUNGE
text: Willis and Olson are dragging Burke's body to the faculty
text: gough that lines the wall, They lay her down on it. Ber
text: body unmoving, deadly still.
dialog: a, IN THE CLOSET
text: Pacey ‘stands up, xeaching for the box of pencils as they give
text: “way. Dozens oF pencils“ come CRASHING down on .top of them, .
text: SPLATTERING to the floor. The noise Undeniable. Pacey and ~
dialog: Del oringe, 2
text: BACK IN THE LOUNGE
text: Olson and willis turn in unison toward the closet...then to
text: each ather. Their faces expressionless. They move to the
text: door, Willis reaching it first. He rips it opens...
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BAM!
text: He's assaulted with the end of a long broom. Xt comes
text: BLASTING out at him, catching’him in the gut. He bellies
text: over as Pacey and Del rocket from the closet. Del SMACKS
text: urs. Olsan, sanding her sprawling. -
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: 
speaker_heading: RON!
text: But Delilah needs no incentive. She flies towards the door,
text: Pacey right behind her as Willis and Olson recover,
text: unaffected. Delilah reaches for the doorknob when...
scene_heading: 4A HAND GRABS HOLD OF BER
text: She SCREAMS, looking down to see Miss Burke sit upright, she
text: appears unharmed from the Coach and Mrs. Olson. -In fact, .
text: “she's now one of them, Her eyes wide, her face blank and
text: sold. Pacey appears, shoving Burke backwards, pulling Del
text: free. They throw open the door and take off. . -
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR ~ SAME
text: A long, empty corridor. The lights are off. It's dark and
dialog: shadowed. a oo
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: -- SSS
scene_heading: 12/29/1997 11:17 1 PAGE 32
dialog: ff ge fy ieess7 © 7:37PM "033/70
speaker_heading: : CONTINUED:
text: Del and Pacey tear down it, slipping on the slick floor.
text: They skid around a corner, racing to an exit door. It's
text: locked and chained, Delilah POUNDS on it.
speaker_heading: DELILAH 4
dialog: What the fuck is going on?
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: Quick:
text: They continue on, shooting down the hall.
dialog: them. Ne one. Nothing.
text: ghey continue on, rounding a corner, running dead smack
dialog: CO nee
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL DRAKE
text: Pacey looks behind
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: What‘s going on here? "7
text: Pelileh WAILS.
speaker_heading: DELILAE
dialog: Miss Drake...please..you've got to halp
dialog: us. They’re after us...they killed mrs.
dialog: Brummetl.
text: Delilah is tec frightened to be articulate. Principal Drake
text: stares at them, Her face instantly worried.
scene_heading: PRINCIPAL DRARE oo
dialog: Who killed who? What are you talking . oa
dialog: about? - . :
dialog: Miss Drake ia truly concerned.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: D
dialog: Coach Willis...
speaker_heading: ' PACEY
dialog: .-and Mrs. Olson.
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL DRAKE
dialog: You've lost me. Calm down, please.
text: Suddenly, a NOISE behind them. They turn to sed Mr. Tate
dialog: approach.
speaker_heading: - MR. TATE
dialog: What's going on?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: 12/29/1997 11:17) 1 : . PAGE 32
dialog: . s iq iezea7 7377 = aaz0
dialog: (3 : , .
dialog: Lo . 39,
scene_heading: CONTINUED: {2) : .
dialog: 
dialog: ask Miss Bakes she'll tell you. They
dialog: attacked her. . -
text: Miss Drake tries to comfort her...she puts her arm around
dialog: Delilah. :
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL DRAKE
dialog: Let's go back to my office.
speaker_heading: DELILAR
dialog: There's no time. We gotta gat outta
dialog: here,
speaker_heading: ° UR. TATE
dialog: Who attacked who? Miss Drake, what's
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL ‘DRAKE
dialog: I don't know. I joined this already in
dialog: progress.
text: Pasay tries to be the voice of reason.
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: Leck, something really weird is going on
dialog: here. Mrs. Brummel Wwigged eut in the
dialog: shower today, then we found her body in
dialog: the faculty closet...
speaker_heading: MR. TATE +
dialog: What were you doing in the faculty ut
dialog: . closet?
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: . DELILA
dialog: . That's not the point. Jesus...help us.
speaker_heading: PACEY :
dialog: Then, Coach Willis and Mrs. Olson
dialog: attacked Miss Burke.
scene_heading: - PRINCIPAL DRAKE
dialog: Why would they do that?
speaker_heading: DELILAB
dialog: They've gone psycho.
speaker_heading: PACEY oe
dialog: I don't think they're who they are. .
text: The Principal glances to Mr. Tate. She rolls her eyes a hit.
speaker_heading: (conTinveny
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 0 LL
dialog: 6
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PAGE 33
dialog: 12/29/1997 11:17 1 .
scene_heading: , BS _ Baivess7 O7:37 Pm R370
dialog: ce
text: Miss Burke appears at the end of
dialog: . : 40.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL DRAKE
dialog: Let’s go to my office and clear this up.
text: Pacey and Delilah are a stand still. They don't know what ‘to
text: do, They turn with Misa Drake and Mr. Tate and begin to walk
text: with them, They start down the ty hallway. Suddenly,
speaker_heading: PELILAR
dialog: There's Miss Burke, ask her.
text: Then, suddenly Coach Willis and Mrs. Olson appear behind her.
text: They stand spread out across the corridor like a harrier.
text: Pacey turns back to Miss Drake who looks at him
dialog: expressionless. . : : :
scene_heading: _. PRINCIPAL t
dialog: RT TOW WE CE get tothe bottom of this.
text: Pacey eyes Delilah, Something's not right here. In an
text: instant, he breaks through Drake and Mr. Tate.
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: Run Delilah.
text: She breaks free too. They go running down the hall.
text: Principal Drake looks at the others. She merely casts eyes
text: at them and in seconds they're all split up, going in
text: different directions. They mova with a smooth and calculated
dialog: ease.
speaker_heading: cUr Tox .
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. ANOTHER CORRIDOR - SECONDS LATER .
dialog: |
dialog: Pacey has lest Delilah. She's no where to be found. He
text: finds a pair of exit doors, locked and chained. He beats on
dialog: then.
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: .Fucking fire hazard.
text: He looks up and down the hallway. Nothing,,.quiet. He moves
text: on, coming to a steel metal gate that has been stretched
text: accordion style across the hallway, sealing it off. It too
text: has a large padlicck attached to it, dust then...
speaker_heading: - DELILAE
dialog: (O.c.}
dialog: Pacey! PACEY!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: OW
speaker_heading: PAGE 34
dialog: © 12/29/1997 11:17 vt
scene_heading: a (ay izv2ars7 7:37 PM (30/70
dialog: off
dialog: a a .
dialog: Dow 41.
speaker_heading: FO CONTINUED:
text: Pagey looks through the gate to see Delilah quickly
text: approaching on the other side. No longer tough as nails,
text: she's now a blubbering wet mess. we
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: Jesus...you left ma.
speaker_heading: -DELILAR
dialog: Oh God, Pacey... We gotta get outta here.
text: Pagey tugs at the gate.
speaker_heading: PACEY.
dialog: It's locked. Listen, find a window, bus
dialog: it Lf you have to--just get out. :
text: Suddenly, Coach Willis appears in the hallway behind Delilah.
text: o-~-e-WHIRE-Cowande “env Cetmly? Deliberately. 9° | ae
speaker_heading: PACEY -
dialog: Run, Dalilah, RUN! -
text: Delilah turns to sae the Coach coming. She SCREAMS BLOODY
text: MURDER. . .
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: Go, now, through there...
dialog: Delilah races
dialog: 
text: Pacey points to the nearest classroom door.
text: towards it, throws it open as...
scene_heading: MR. TATE LEAPS OUT.
text: . He raaches for her as she SCREAMS and pulls away. She falls vs
text: back against the gate. Pacey sticks his hands through, .
text: txying to help her, but Mr. Tate moves towards her, cormmering
dialog: hers :
speaker_heading: a “MR. TATE
dialog: Come ‘with me, Delilah.
speaker_heading: . DELILAE
dialog: Stay away from me.
text: He kicks at the gate, trying
dialog: There's nothing Pa: can do.
dialog: Fae Coach Willis
dialog: to rip it open, But it's impossibla.
text: approaches, a ring of keys in his hand.
speaker_heading: - COACE WILLIS
dialog: Look, son, there's been a a
dialog: misunderstanding. Coma with me and we'll
dialog: work it out.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: eee
scene_heading: 12/29/1997 11:17 i , PAGE “35
text: . s Gy ieveas7 © 7:37 PM 29/70
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
text: Pacey is frozen with fear. Delilah stands cornered between
text: the gate and wall. .
text: CLING! The Caach wrestles with the gate’s lock. “It slides :
text: opan just as Delilah belts Mr. Tate hard. ‘This surprises him
text: just enough fer her te break free. She plows into Coach
text: Willis sending him sprawling against the metal gate,
text: Pagey reaches through the opening and grabs her and they're
text: eff and running, They move through a bathroom door as th
dialog: Geach and Mr. Tate recover. :
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - SAME
text: Pacey GASPS, racing to the window, pulling it open.
dialog: ~~ mtg eee coe Sees
text: #e helps 2ift pelilah up as she climbs through. she makes
speaker_heading: PACEY (cont'd)
dialog: Help me.
text: ‘He looks up but Delilah is gone. She's left him. Again.
text: The door cpens behind him. He jumps up on the window sill
text: and litts himself through just as...
speaker_heading: BANDS GRAB BIM
text: Pacey KICKS and SOREaMS, half in-half out of the window. He
text: breaks free, falling ‘to the ground outside. He brings .
text: hinself up-and runs like mad, not leoking hack. :
dialog: 
dialog: court Tor
scene_heading: EXT. JEFFERSON HIGH SCHOOL - LATE.APTHRNOON
text: Tha sun is starting to set as a police car, SIRENS WAILING,
text: Lights flashing, races into the parking lot.
dialog: . - CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL OFFICE - SAME
text: Principal Drake is leading TWO POLICE OPPICERS down the hall.
text: Behind them is Pacey with his PARENTS--an attractive middle-
text: aged couple. they arrive at the Faculty Lounge deor: One
text: of the officers, a capable young man, turns to Pacey.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: In here? : .
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED j
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 12/29/1997 11:17 ot
dialog: 
scene_heading: Ey 12/2897 7:37 PM
dialog: 
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: PACEY
text: Yes. Her body was in the closet.
text: Principal Drake opens the decor, moying with smooth precision.
scene_heading: PRINCIPAL DRAKE :
dialog: Now why would she be in the closet?
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: Because they killed her.
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL DRAKE
dialog: Oh yes, that's right.
text: Drake leads them into the...
dialog: Ei
dialog: 
dialog: eres bees
text: where Coach Willis and mrs. Olson”a are S sitting. Pacey tenses
text: when he sees them.
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: Careful.
speaker_heading: . COACH WILLIS
dialog: Hey, Pacey. Sorry about the mix up
dialog: earlier,
text: The officers stare at Pacey.
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL DRAKE
dialog: Apparently there's been a
text: misuoderstanding.
text: Pasey's father steps forward.
speaker_heading: PACEY'S DAD
dialog: still iff we could just see inside the
dialog: closet.
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL DRAKE
dialog: -Cartainly.
text: They all crowd in, moving to the closet door. Drake throws
text: it open to reveal a-tidy closet. sitting on the’ floor,
text: leaning againat the back wall is...
speaker_heading: A WOMAN'S BODY
text: Que of the cop's race forward only to find a full-bodied CPR
dialog: oil.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: PAGE 36
speaker_heading: GB 2a70
dialog: 
dialog: 12/29/1997 41:17) 21
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: @ Gyieever Grsrry
dialog: 44.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL DRAKE
dialog: Meet Resusitation Annie. We use her to
dialog: train the students in CPR. I guess she
text: does favor Mrs. Brummel slightly.
text: All eyes go to Pacey. He's quickly looking like the boy who
dialog: gried wolf.
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: No, they put that there. .
text: Pacey's parents eye their son. They want to believe him.
speaker_heading: PACEY'S MOM
dialog: So where is Mrs. Brummel?
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL DRAKE
dialog: ~~tirsi-Bramet-wasnit-feeling: well today. -
dialog: She went home early. . <r
text: Pacey's mom and dad sye each other. fhe cops stare at Pacey,
dialog: then each other,
text: . PACEY .
dialog: Look, I'm not making this up.. You gotta
dialog: find Delilah.
speaker_heading: OFFICER #1
dialog: We called Delilah. She's not home. Her
dialog: -mom says she keeps odd hours.
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: She was here with me. She saw it too,
dialog: They attacked Miss Burke.
scene_heading: PACEY'S MOM .
dialog: What's going on here, Migs Drake?
scene_heading: . PRINCIPAL DRAKE
text: Miss Burke is epileptic. She's prone to
dialog: Grand Mal's.
speaker_heading: COACH WILLIS
text: She had an attack.
speaker_heading: OLSON
dialog: But luckily she keeps her medicine in her
dialog: purse. We were able to help.
text: This registers across Pacey's face.
speaker_heading: ' . “2 (CONTINUED )’
speaker_heading: PAGE 37
speaker_heading: 027/70
dialog: 
scene_heading: 12/29/1997 11:17 1 , PAGE 38
scene_heading: aff . FP ay rzese7 O77 PM Das7o
dialog: 45.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
scene_heading: : PRINCIPAL DRAKE
dialog: I took her home nyselt. Yeu can call her
dialog: if you like. . .
text: Pacey is quickly losing any and all eradibility.
speaker_heading: OFFICER #2
dialog: - Yes, I guess we should. It's procedure.
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL DRAKE
dialog: You can usa the phone in my office.
text: Drake leads them out the door. The Coach takes his seat
dialog: again, calling ta Pacey.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PACEY'S DAD
dialog: Did you hear that? Be said you had .
dialog: speed, Good luck in the game tomorrow, 7
dialog: coach.
text: They exit.
speaker_heading: cor TOs
dialog: 
scene_heading: . INT. SCHOO], OFFICE - MINUTES LATER
text: Everyone is in the school office, looking very tired and
dialog: agitated. - +
text: Principal Drake eyes the male officer.
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL DRAKE
dialog: This way.
text: The officer nods “gimme a sec" to his female partner,
text: disappearing inside the inner office with the Principal.
text: Pacey's dad grabs him by the collar and pulls him off to the
text: side of the room. His mother follows. .
speaker_heading: PACEY'S DAD
dialog: What is. it with you?
speaker_heading: . | PACEY'S MOM
dialog: Be needs help, Will. This is merely a
dialog: symptom of a greater problem. ~
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PAGE 39
dialog: 12/29/1997 11:17 1
dialog: SBS Gq ieesrer 7:37 0M
dialog: 46.
scene_heading: CONTINUED: / . “8
text: THUMP! A noise comes from the office as if a chair was
text: eyerturned. Pacey spins around, facing the deor. ‘The woman
text: police officer lcoks too. Pacey's parants are indifferent,
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: Please--mom,dad--I know I'm a fuckup
dialog: but. +.
speaker_heading: PACEY'S DAD
dialog: The mouth, tha mouth...
speaker_heading: PACEY'S MOM -
text: Evelyn knows a doctor downtown. T‘11
dialog: make an appointment.
text: Suddenly, the ‘principal’ 8 door swings open and Drake appears,
text: acey eyes him closely. He
text: followed by the young officer. |
dialog: appears Stasppetatad vslignely izey, A. ‘mowing suspician -
dialog: overcomes Pacey, .
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: They got him.
text: Pacey's parents look at him.
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL DRAKE
dialog: We just spoke with Mrs. Brummel and Miss
dialog: Burke.
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: (unbelieving)
dialog: Howse
text: Then, he turns to the male officer, who’s completely
text: recovered now. He turns to his partner.
speaker_heading: OFFICER #2
dialog: There's nothing here. Let's go.
text: Pacey's mom turns to Principal Drake apologetically.
scene_heading: . PACEY'S MOM
dialog: I am so sorry, Miss Drake.
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL DRAKE
text: ZI can see how it all got out of hand.
text: It's a rather bizarre series of events.
text: Pacey‘'s mother eyes Drake carefully. She would rather
dialog: believe her son.
dialog: Q2s/70
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
scene_heading: 12/29/1997 11:17, 1 , PAGE 4a
scene_heading: BS Qi iz2es7 O7:37 PM D2470
scene_heading: CONTINUED: (2) uo : .
speaker_heading: PACEY MOM
dialog: Yes. Well, then...
dialog: Bha turns te go, Pacey's dad is a little less tolerable. ‘He
text: grabs his son by the arm and leads him toward the door.
text: Pacey turns, catching Principal Drake's stare as he moves out
dialog: tha door.
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL DRAKE
dialog: We'll see you tomorrow, Pacey.
text: Her smile chills him.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CUP "os
scene_heading: EXT, PACEY'S EOUSE - LATER , |
text: ~~ stars shine over a small family howe In a “quiet “neighborhood.
dialog: cur 0:
scene_heading: INT. PACEY'S BEDROOM - SAME
text: Simple. Messy. Pacey is standing in the corner while his ©
text: father upturns the room, He's on a search, checking under
text: the bed, spilling out drawers, etc. Pacey's mom stands in
text: the doorway. Her face distressed.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: -PACEY
dialog: I'm Nor ON DRUGS!
text: The search is coming to an end. His dad ig on a mission.. .
text: PACEY's MOM .
text: Check his school books. They hide the
dialog: drugs in the spine of the book. I saw it
text: on DATELINE.
text: His father grabs a hook, leafing through it at first, theh
text: tipping the book apart.
speaker_heading: . PACEY
dialog: Can you say felony? That's government
dialog: property, Dad.
text: Ris father is _sxaspperated. This is getting him nowhere.
speaker_heading: - PACEY'S DAD
dialog: We love you, son. We want to help.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )"
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 12/29/1997 11:17 1
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PAGE 41
scene_heading: se Egy z28/s7 7:37 M Re23r70
dialog: : 4g.
dialog: COWTINUED: . .
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: Then balieve me. I'm telling the truth.
text: Something weird is going on at school.
dialog: The teachers...something's happened to.
dialog: them. Let me call Delilah, please.
text: His father grows angry again, He moves to Pacey's desk and
text: unplugs his telephone, confiscating it.
speaker_heading: PACEY'S DAD
dialog: No phone. You're privileges are over.
dialog: You'll go straight to school and then
dialog: home. Got it?
speaker_heading: a PACEY
dialog: I'm not going back to that school.
dialog: They're waiting for me.
dialog: . = PACEY'S DAD eee .
dialog: You'll be there if I’have to tie-you to a
dialog: school desk myself. °
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: Pacey is at a loss. He watches as his dad unpluge his -
dialog: stereo. .2
speaker_heading: . PACEY'S DAD
dialog: No stereo...
speaker_heading: PACEY'S MOM
dialog: His porno.
text: Pacey'’s dad reaches under his mattress and pulls aut a coupla . “e
text: magazines. He heads for the door. Pacey is scared,
dialog: panicked. - -
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: I can't go back to school. Flease.
speaker_heading: PACEY'S DAD
text: (turning to him) .
dialog: We'xe gonna get you help son, don’t
dialog: worzry.
text: The door cleses, Pacey leaps to his closet, grabs his
text: jacket, puts it on. Races to his desk, scribbles a note,
text: puts jt on his bed pillow and then movas to the window.
text: He lifts the pane and crawls through.
scene_heading: OUTSIDE THE HOUSE
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED) *
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: . PAGE 42
dialog: 12/29/1997 11:17 2 :
scene_heading: SS Gy izz2ee7 O737PM — Pyazv70
dialog: 
dialog: eee ee eee ne
dialog: 
dialog: ee ene + ere cee are
text: himself the window's ledge He reaches out tor the”
text: nearest branch, when he sees.,.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: A FIGURE
text: standing on the sidewalk, dark and shadowed.
text: face but the bedy is unmistakable. It's. Coach Willis.
text: Coach stands there, unmoving.
text: Then he’ ses another SHAPE, closer, standing in the bushes in
text: his yard. A woman--Mrs. Olson. Next to her ‘stands the shape
text: af Mr. Tate. Their faces hidden. Pacey, horror stricken,
text: starts back for the window. He slips, loses his footing,
dialog: He can't see a
dialog: The
dialog: falling.,.
speaker_heading: BAM!
text: Bis bedy lands hard in the shrubs next to the house. He
dialog: -Their steps
text: ieaks up to see the FIGURES moving for him.
text: a. He brings himself to his feet
dialog: unified. ic)
text: ~“guickly 25 Mrs. Olson reachés out for him; her arm-grabbing ~
text: Pacey's collar as he rounds a sorner, running smack into...
speaker_heading: RIS FATHER
text: Pacey SCREAMS. .
scene_heading: : PACEY'S DAD .
dialog: What are you doing out here?
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: They're here, Dad.
text: Pagey turns to the yard, the sidewalk. There's no one.
text: Nothing. They've completely disappeared.
scene_heading: -. PACEY’S DAD
dialog: Get in the house. Now.
text: Pacey clutches his dad's arm, looking back to the empty, yard.
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: I'm losing it. I'm really losing it.
text: Pacey and his dad move inside the house.
speaker_heading: OE
scene_heading: 12/29/1997 11:17 1 PAGE 43
scene_heading: F Gig izv2e97 ©7387 Bato
dialog: olf
dialog: a 50.
scene_heading: EXT. JEFFERSON HIGH ~- MORNING - ESTABLISHING
text: The morning sun shines high over the achool as STUDENTS
dialog: arrive to campus, '
dialog: “cor TO:
scene_heading: INT. CAR - SAME
text: Pacay and his dad pull up to the front of the school. Pacey
text: sits in silent terror. A moment as the car idles. students
dialog: gome and go around then,
speaker_heading: PACEY'S DAD
dialog: ‘Go on, son.
dialog: 
dialog: eee:
dialog: (quigtly, simpiyy <=
dialog: Please, Dad, I'm bagging "you. 1
text: His dad remains silent.
speaker_heading: PACEY —
dialog: - Something has taken over the teachers. I
dialog: know its crazy but they're not who they
dialog: say they are. Please, Dad, if you care
dialog: about me at all...
speaker_heading: PACEY'S DAD
dialog: Come home right after school. Your mom's
text: leoking into a doctor.
text: Tt's a lost cause. His father is unbanding. Pacey. looks to .
text: the front of the school. He opens the car decor and steps :
text: out. He begins to walk up the school steps. He turns to see
text: his _dad watching, waiting to make sure he enters the
dialog: building.
speaker_heading: SCHOCL ENTRANCE
text: Fasey walks up tha steps and anters through the front door.
text: He sees Mr. Furlon sta a. in the hallway, talking to Mr.
dialog: ae oo Re pding, Dueche back sae sho doom window
dialog: Tato. Thed= baclea Ase He looks
text: te see his father's Gar pull away. Pacey bolts back out the
text: deor and down the steps.
text: Baravey-trying-ro-stay*bar-ol vier wneatit— *hoanch thm
dialog: 
speaker_heading: HANDS GRAB HIM -
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
text: They garry “him high, like a trophy, marching along side the
text: _ kuliding, SLAPPING and SWATTING at hin. They reach a
text: secluded corner and dump hin.
speaker_heading: BRALESS GIRL
dialog: Payback is hell,
text: Before he can escape, the girls
text: He lands on his back HARD.
text: have besieged upen him, pinning hin | down. The Braless Girl
scene_heading: Bun Tip yscaars reeiny Maagelcuceyp SISIST WLS Sey as
text: jeans are off as the scissors move to his underpants.
speaker_heading: PACEY
scene_heading: PLEASEROLYMOTHEROFGODIFUCKINGBEGYOU!
text: The underwear comes off. GIGGLES EVERYWHERE as several
text: Poloroids appear as the girls hold him down and begin
text: snapping away, Seconds turn into years for Pacey until
text: finally the girls are gone, running off with his lower
text: garments and Pacey is deft bare butt on the damp morning
dialog: 
text: Be grabs his book bag and strategically places it. CLOSE on
text: his face, Cempletely numb. No sign of tears. He looks up
text: to find Molly staring at him, pulling something from her book
text: bag. Her face full of understanding. She holds out a pair
dialog: of sweatpants.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: My gym clothes.
dialog: for you, ’
dialog: They're probably too big
text: A moment between the two of them as Pacey lay there,
text: humiliated, hating his lot in life. He takes them. Grateful
dialog: to her.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: eee
scene_heading: 12/29/1997 11:17) 1 PAGE 45
scene_heading: Be Eq terees7 ©7377 = Dy 19/70
dialog: if
scene_heading: _ INT. FACULTY LOUNGE - MINUTES LATER
dialog: , _The teachers moye about in a business as usual fashion but if
dialog: ene would loak close they would notice the coffee machine is
text: untouched. No gigarette smoke lingers in the air and the
text: ghatting is at a minimun.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT, CORRIDOR - MORNING
text: STUDENTS geome and go. Pacey, in his newly acquired sweats,
text: moves down the hall, lest in a sea of students, Down the
text: gorridor comes Principal Drake. Facey detours, moving the
text: @ther way. He spots the library doors, sees a group of
text: STUDENTS entering. He gets lost in them.
scene_heading: <- - TNT REBRARY-=* BECONDS-BATER"
text: Racey moves thraugh the library. He “Tamedtately sees ; Mes.
text: Olsen behind the ¢ircylation desk. He moves behind a kook
text: shelf, eyeing her. He goes unnoticed. He eyes the card
dialog: eatalog.
text: Study hall STUDENTS move about, Pacey ducks behind a row of
text: books. He peexs between the book shelf to see Mrs. Olson
text: status quo. Then, he moves turns his attention to the card
text: catalog file that sits nearby. He takes a deep breath and
dialog: moves for it.
text: Once there, he scans the catalog, finds the letter "I" and
text: pulls the entire drawer from the card catalog, He high tails on
text: it behind a shelf of books. He sinks to his knees and flips
dialog: through the drawer. - .
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: CLOSE ON the catalog file. He's searching titles that start
text: with the letter "I". He moves fast, goming quickly to what
dialog: he's looking for.
scene_heading: INVASION OF THE BODY SNATCHERS (SCIENCE FICTION)
scene_heading: BY JACK FINNEY
scene_heading: Location: FIC-JF100.12
scene_heading: FIRESIDE PRINTING 1989-
scene_heading: ORIGINALLY PUBLISHED BY DELL IN 1955 UNDER THE TITLE
text: THE BODY ‘SNATCHERS. THIS IS A REVISED BND UPDATED EDITION.
text: Pacey rips the card: from the drawer and ‘takes off in search
dialog: ° boo!
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED )
dialog: Oe
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: 12/29/1997 11:17 1 PAGE 46
scene_heading: F Gyiveee7 O©7:37-M — B1a70
dialog: 1 a
dialog: ; 53.
scene_heading: : CONTINUED: - an
text: He moves through row after row, passing SEVERAL STUDENTS,
text: avoiding them, head down. He-looks through the shelf, sees
text: dirs. Olson status qua. #e continues on. He comes toa .
text: shelf, scans it, finds the kook and pulls it down. He ‘Looks
text: around, sees a small unused cubicle in the rear of the.
text: library. He makes for it just ag, ovar the intercom...
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL DRAKE
dialog: from intercom)
dialog: “Willi the following students please
dialog: report to the office. Tina Dannhausen,
dialog: Gil Gold, Gabe Maker...”
text: Pacay takes a seat, distening to the Principal. Pacey
dialog: focuses on the book. :
dialog: _ _ cur TO:
dialog: wwe as Sener
scene_heading: INT. MR. TATE'S CLASSROOM - MINUTHS: “haven
text: Just before the late bell, Stan enters and) 1 takes his seat.
text: Behind him, enters Stokely. She's following Stan obviously,
text: . Marybeth taking notice, approaches. os
scene_heading: MARYBETE .
dialog: So go talk to him.
speaker_heading: STOKELY
dialog: No way. .
text: Marybeth shoves an unwilling Stokely forward, encouraging her
text: +o approach Stan. One last fatal shove sends her SLAMMING :
text: into Stan's dask., Stan looks up. . .
scene_heading: STOKELY .
dialog: I'm unbalanced.
speaker_heading: STAR
dialog: No shit.
text: Stokely takes the seat next to him. Marybeth gives her a
dialog: thumbs up,
speaker_heading: STOKELY
dialog: Ready for the big game?
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: I quit the team. .
speaker_heading: STOKELY
dialog: No way. Area you serious?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: ON
speaker_heading: PAGE 47
dialog: 12/29/1997 11:17 1
scene_heading: : e . Ggizv2ve7 73794 Dy17/70
dialog: —_ - .
dialog: a 54.
scene_heading: i CONTINUED: : .
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: Yeah. I kinda lost interest, you know?
dialog: I thought I'd explore some ether
dialog: interests.
speaker_heading: STOKELY
dialog: Exploration is a good thing.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: Yeah?
text: He looks at her. Smiles. Stokaly smiles back. A connection
dialog: is made.
text: The last béll RINGS. Students taka their seats as Mr, Tate
text: stands at the front of the class. de drinks bottled water.
text: He appears fresh and ghergetic. Not at all the sluggish
dialog: ~~ Se.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MR. TATE ao
dialog: okey, class, today I thought we would do
dialog: a living family history. I want you all
text: to take out a piece of paper and write
dialog: down all living members of your family.
dialog: Start with your immediate family, those
dialog: living with you, but then include your
dialog: mearest living relatives...
text: Phe class GROANS. Just then, another announcement from the
text: PA systen.
dialog: 
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: . PRINCIPAL DRAKE
dialog: (via PA)
dialog: Your attention please. Will the
dialog: following students please report to the
dialog: office? Robbie Mercer, Shirley Mayo,
dialog: Corey Gillikin.
text: A STUDENT gets up and heads for the office. Others comment,
text: “What's up?" “Dude, they got you." The student looks back
dialog: and smiles, This all seems innocent. :
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STUDENT COMMONS -— LUNCH
text: Students move about enjoying their break. Zeke moves about
text: the Campus. He spots the TWO FUCK-UPS. He moves to them.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: ON EE
speaker_heading: PAGE 4g
dialog: 12/29/1997 11:17 1
scene_heading: . eS [gq izvessor O7:37PM 18/70
dialog: lt
dialog: 
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: ZEKE
text: Guys, the doctor is in.
text: They lock at him, their behavior a little: abrupt. -
speaker_heading: FUCKUP #1 .
dialog: Rah, dude, gonna chill. . .
speaker_heading: FUCKUP #2
dialog: Take a pass.
text: They scurry eff, Zeke looks about the campus.
text: He seas the FUCK YOU COUPLE against the wall. They're
text: holding hands, talking to each other, appearing very
text: compatible. This gives him pause.
text: "But thomy her spots mnybeth-etanding alone, looking lost.
text: He saunters over. cet
speaker_heading: ZERE
dialog: Hi there. Remember me?
speaker_heading: MARYBETH
dialog: Ob yes, you're Zeke from Biology. .
speaker_heading: ZEKE
dialog: And you're Marybeth from Atlanta.
speaker_heading: MARYEETH
dialog: You've been doing your homework.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ZEKE -
dialog: I'm ppposed to homework actually. I just . .
dialog: believe there are some > things you have to :
dialog: know.
speaker_heading: | MARYRETE
dialog: ‘Really? so if you don‘t do your homework
dialog: how'd you gat to be .8O smart?
speaker_heading: . ZEKE
dialog: I'm cursed.
speaker_heading: MARYBETH
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: ZEKE
dialog: Yeah. _ ~
text: She smiles at him. They continue on, flirting.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: _ PAGE 49
dialog: 12/29/1997 12:17 2 . ;
dialog: Gyizevs7 Qrazea = 18/70
dialog: (3 s : .
dialog: - : 56.
scene_heading: INT, CORRIDOR - FEW MINUTES LATER
text: The hall is quiet. Most students ara outside for lunch.
text: Pacey joves down the hall when he sees the Braless girl
text: pasting something on the wall. She turns and sees him,
dialog: smiling with pure eyil, .
text: . She disappears. He moves to the poster to discover, written
text: in hold colors is the line: “BACEY CONNOR HAS A ONE INCH
text: NOODLE DICK", And it's accompanied by a Polaroid. He starts
text: te tear it down when he spots Stokely moving down the hall.
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: Hay, Stoke.
text: She turns to him.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: . PACEY
dialog: You're a Trekkie, right? .
speaker_heading: STOKELY
dialog: Go away.
text: She takes off, He chases after her.
speaker_heading: . BACEY
dialog: I thought you were into sci~fi?
speaker_heading: STOKELY
dialog: Sci-fi fan does not a Trekkie make. STAR
dialog: TREK is amateur night. :
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BACEY
dialog: . I need your help.
text: She eyes him. He laoks desperate.
speaker_heading: CUI TO:
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL OFFIC, ~ LATER
text: Several students sit in chairs lined up outside of the
text: principal's office. The SCHOOL SECRETARY moves about behind
text: the office counter. A lady in her fifties.
text: Stan enters and approaches the counter.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: Excuse ma, could you tell me how Mrs.
dialog: Brummel is * doing?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: SSeS
scene_heading: 12/29/1987 11:17. 1 : PAGE 5@
scene_heading: eS Tay 129/97 © 787-M Gy ta/70
dialog: : : 37.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: (without looking up)
dialog: She's sick. She'll be out for a few
dialog: days.
text: Be turns to leave when he hears...
speaker_heading: BOY'S VOICE
dialog: (off camera)
dialog: Ye, Academia, whatsup?
text: @tan spots a friend, GABE, a big jock of a guy. His name was
text: galled earlier over the loud speaker.
dialog: . STAN .
dialog: Gabe, what are you doing?
dialog: wwe ae =< TITRE SS
dialog: Got called to the offices
dialog: Pissed, are yon?
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: WOH ES not”
dialog: About what?
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: I'm the new team captain.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: Yeah? No, man, congrats. Rule.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Fuckin ass A. Man, we're gonna miss you.
dialog: Ioden't get it. How can you Leave us? |
dialog: 
text: Stan ignores his question, motions to the others sitting and
dialog: waiting. .
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: What's going on?
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: They got the nurse in there. Tf ‘re
dialog: checking for lime ticks or some: Is .
dialog: Sorry you're not playing, dude. It ain't
dialog: right. : ao
text: dust then, the principal's office door opens and a YOUNG GIRL
text: appears, being led by Principal Drake. She stumbles a bit,’ ~
text: confpsed and disoriented. She moves by Stan. :
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: Hey, Tina...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED y’
speaker_heading: CE
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: 12/29/1997 11:17 . L PAGE 51
scene_heading: eis ag Gig eveea7 © 737"M 13/70
dialog: / 58.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
text: She turns to him as if she didn't recognize her own name,
text: Then she moves cut the door. Principal Drake locks ta Gabe,
dialog: motioning ta hin. : .
dialog: Later, dude,
text: Ha disappears inside the principal's office as Drake shuts
text: the door, Stan's mind is xacing. Ha logks back ta the two
text: office assistants. Then to the other students waiting.
dialog: Something is net xight here. .
dialog: Cur TO:
scene_heading: ' INT. EMPPY CLASSROOM - MINUTES LATER
text: Pacey and Stokely are in mid-discussion.
dialog: . PACEY : woe .
dialog: »eand then they chased us but we got i
dialog: away.
dialog: . STOKELY oo
dialog: Where's Delilah now?
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: I can't find her.
speaker_heading: STOKELY
dialog: 
dialog: And this all started when Mrs. Brummel
text: did a Demi in the boy's locker room?
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: I think so. -
scene_heading: . STOKELY
dialog: Later. :
text: Stokely gets up te leave. Pacey stops her.
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: _Whera are you going?
speaker_heading: STOKELY
dialog: To be announced.
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: Look, I've been doing some homework. Are
dialog: you familiar with INVASION OF THE BODY
text: SNATCHERS? .
speaker_heading: : STOKELY
dialog: The movie or. the book?
speaker_heading: , (CONTINUED )
dialog: A
dialog: 
scene_heading: 12/29/1987 11:17 1 . PAGE 59
scene_heading: ff eB By iweas7 O737"4 = Diarzo
dialog: / 59.
scene_heading: CONTINDED: © : ,
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: Bither.
speaker_heading: STOKELY : :
dialog: It was several movies. One in '94, one
dialog: im ‘78, and the original in ‘57 which was
text: based on tha book THE BODY SNATCHERS by
dialog: Jack Finney.
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: Which was published in 1954,
text: Stokely is irritated but still intrigued. This is, afterall,
dialog: her main subject. .
speaker_heading: STOKELY
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: PACEY ” .
dialog: I think aliens are taking over our
dialog: sohool,
text: A moment as this registers on Stokely. Pacey watches, hex oo
text: response is uncertain. And then... .
speaker_heading: STOKELY
dialog: You're tweakin’.
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: Bear m2 out.
speaker_heading: STOKELY
dialog: re's a story somebody made up, dingus.
text: THE BODY SNATCHERS is located in the
text: fietion section of the library.
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: So-is SCHINDLER'S LIST, look, all.fiction
dialog: is based on some truth, right? What does .
dialog: Miss Harper teach us in English 1017°
dialog: Write what you know. This Jack Pinney
dialog: guy, I read his bio, grew up in Mill
dialog: Valley, California, not much bigger than 1
dialog: our little town here. How do we know he
dialog: didn't encounter aliens in his high ")
dialog: school which led him to write a book
dialog: about alien invasion? Where does truth
dialog: end and fiction begin? .,
scene_heading: STOKELY .
dialog: You're that person, you know that. That
dialog: person who's confusing reality with
dialog: fantasy.
speaker_heading: (MORE) -
dialog: 
speaker_heading: “+ (CowprHuED)
speaker_heading: CR
speaker_heading: PAGE 53
dialog: 12/29/1997 11:17 1
scene_heading: SF Gay zr2ea7_ @ 737 PM Riv7o
dialog: 60.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) :
speaker_heading: STORELY (cont'd)
dialog: You really should stay away from mass
dialog: media entertainment. You could be
dialog: dangerous.
text: facey is in completa desperation mode. Stokely's- not buying
dialog: be . .
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: How do you know there‘s not a conspiracy?
dialog: Maybe X-Files is right. Where do all
dialog: these movies come from anyway? How do we
dialog: Know Spielberg and George Lucas haven't
dialog: been visited by aliens? Maybe they're
dialog: aliens themselves. Maybe they're simply
dialog: preparing us for what's ta come, Have
dialog: yyou been to a book store lately? The -
text: science fiction section is growing.
dialog: Now this is key, wat ‘brat? Bélance—
dialog: Eterron. .
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PACEY .
dialog: Exactly. Everyone gets hung up on the
dialog: science part--which has nothing to do
dialog: with it--they're getting at us through
dialog: the fiction part.
speaker_heading: STOKELY
dialog: You're brain toast.
dialog: 
text: She starts off but Pacey stops her.
speaker_heading: PACEY ° -
dialog: - : Z had you pegged for a Mulder, not a
dialog: Scully. This is what they're counting
dialog: en, don't you sea? They've set it up sc
dialog: perfectly through the years. ‘They've
dialog: . ereated such a make-believe existence
text: ‘ with all their E.T. and MEN IN BLACK
dialog: movies) who would believe it if it really
dialog: . happened.
text: His arguement is starting to make sense. Stokely refuses to
dialog: go for it. ‘
speaker_heading: STOKELY : ‘ :
dialog: You'ra outta your fuckin’ mind. You're
dialog: Saying that pod people are taking over
dialog: our school? .
speaker_heading: PACEY :
dialog: I think so, yas.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CR
dialog: 12/29/1997 11:17 1 , PAGE §q
scene_heading: & BS . (iy 12/28/97 @737°¢@ Dy 10r70
dialog: foe 61.
scene_heading: i. CONTINUED: (3) . .
scene_heading: STOKELY .
dialog: But your conspiracy theory is flawed.
speaker_heading: PACEY ma -
dialog: How so?
speaker_heading: STOKELY
dialog: For ‘starters, Jack Finney's THE BODY
text: SNATCHERS was a blatant rip off of THE
text: PUPPET MASTERS by Robert Heinlen. So,
dialog: you can completely disregard that entire
dialog: work,
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: PUPPET, SWATCHERS--whatever--my point is
dialog: they're here, they've been here, and
dialog: they're_he: i
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: STOKELY mre ° .
text: in the BODY SNATCHERS they were pods. So
dialog: where are they? Where are the pods?
speaker_heading: PACEY a
text: There're no pods. It's something else.
dialog: In this PUPPET MASTERS book? What were .
dialog: 
dialog: they?
speaker_heading: STORELY
dialog: Parasites.
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: Really? a
text: They beth turn to the. open door. Across the hall, they can
text: see inte Furlong's science lab. stokealy is visibly chilled
text: as it all comas full circle. She mevas to it. Pacey follows
text: closely behind.
scene_heading: . STOKELY
dialog: No way.
speaker_heading: PACEY :
dialog: “What else could it be?
text: They move inte the hall and into...
scene_heading: IST. SCIENCE LAB - SAME
text: They move to the aquarium. It is completely empty. Drainea
text: of it's water, ‘They look to each other.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: eee
scene_heading: 12/29/1997 11:17, 1 : PAGE 55
scene_heading: eB raraes? OT37PM av79
dialog: 
dialog: Po 62.
speaker_heading: ~ CONTINUED: :
speaker_heading: FURLONG
dialog: (off camera)
dialog: Gan I help you?
text: They both turn to find Mr, Furlong standing at the end of the
text: reom. He stares at them, his face solemn.
speaker_heading: PACEY .
dialog: The...uh,.,thing I found yesterday.
dialog: Where is it?
speaker_heading: FURLONG
dialog: I sent it up to the university.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: That was quick.
text: cement e rs E ancnceeeE on .
dialog: And do they Jmow what £¢° is?”
text: Mr. Purlong shrugs. His eyes hold on them. ” Be quietly licks
text: his dry lips. .
text: Stokely heads for the door, motioning to Pacey. He follows
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL CORRIDOR - SAME
text: Stokely and Pacey move down the hallway.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: STOKELY -
dialog: I‘m starting to Mulder a little. This is
dialog: a little creepy.
text: 8tan appears before them, charging down the hallway.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: Bey, Pace, you seen Delilah today?
speaker_heading: - PACEY
dialog: No, man.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: Z need to find her. There's some weird
dialog: shit going on hare so if you see her...
speaker_heading: - STOKELY
dialog: What kind of weird shit?
speaker_heading: : STAN .
dialog: You wouldn't believe me if I-told you.
speaker_heading: , , ( CONTINUED}
dialog: 
speaker_heading: OO
scene_heading: 12/29/1997 11:17 1 PAGE 56
scene_heading: aii Ss Ey ieeas7 Qrs7zeM = yav7a
dialog: 63.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: They stare at him.
scene_heading: FNT. HANDICAPPED BATHROOM - A-MINUTE LATER
text: Pacey, Stekely and Stan piece their information together.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: Jesus Christ! I don't believe it. TI
dialog: mean I do but I don't. t's crazy.
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: You saw Mrs. Brummel yourself--in the :
dialog: shower. It started with the teachers but
dialog: TOW. +s
speaker_heading: STORELY
dialog: ‘ya heen calling students to the
dialog: They
dialog: 
speaker_heading: aermrrermtnnee
speaker_heading: STAN * op
dialog: I know. I saw the line out there. They
dialog: had Gabe and Tina.
speaker_heading: ° PACEY
dialog: Didn't Gabe replace you as captain of the
dialog: team?
speaker_heading: . STAR
dialog: Yeah...so?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ’ STOKELY
dialog: And Tina's class president. Come to
dialog: think of it, they started with all the
dialog: class officers, student council
dialog: memberse.s
speaker_heading: PACEY .
dialog: They're starting with the most
text: influential and working their way down.
speaker_heading: STORELY
dialog: (to Stan)
dialog: ~Guess you picked the right week to quit
dialog: foathall.
speaker_heading: STAN
text: It's almost as if they're building an
text: Suddenly, the dcor apens, a FIGURE steps in. stan, in jock
text: mode, grabs the Figure and throws it up against the wall. .
text: The Pigure waars a cap and an over-sized boy's letterman
dialog: jacket.
speaker_heading: =; (CONTINUED)
dialog: eee
scene_heading: 12/23/1997 11:17 1 : PAGE 57
text: of Se aq veresrar, 7:37 FM D770
dialog: 
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Hey, easy...it's me.
text: Stan steps back ta discover Delilah. She's incognito, with |
text: her hair bundled up in her hat and eye glasses on. :
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: DELITAR
text: Hiding out.
text: Stokely eyes her.
speaker_heading: SYORELY
dialog: ZT didn't know you wore glasses...
speaker_heading: - "SELDEAR
dialog: 
dialog: Contacts.
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: ‘What happened to you? I called
dialog: Yyou,..I'vea been locking everywhere.
speaker_heading: DELTLAR
dialog: Hello. You think I’m in drag for the
dialog: aesthetics. They're after me. They
dialog: called me to the office. I didn’t know
dialog: what to do. I saw you guys come in here.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PACEY .
dialog: Where did yeu go yesterday? Did you tell
dialog: your parents?
speaker_heading: DELTLAE
dialog: Iwas home. My mom didn't believe re.
dialog: She drinks. It was 4 nightmare. Leok,
dialog: we gotta get outta here.
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: Fuckin' A.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: pet's think for a second. Use our
text: Phey'ra all gatting restless.
speaker_heading: Ss
speaker_heading: SLORELY
dialog: What xr don’t understand is why a Jefferson?
dialog: Why now?
speaker_heading: (COWTINGED)
dialog: |
dialog: |
scene_heading: 12/29/1997 11:17. 1 , PAGE 59
scene_heading: @ Gay izees7 737 Pu 670 i
scene_heading: bon, CONTINUED: (2) : 4
dialog: If you were going to take over the world,
dialog: would you blow up the White Hause
text: INDEPENDENCE DAY--style or sneak in
dialog: quietly through the back deor?
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: So what do we do?
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: Call the armed guard or something.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: No one's gonna believe us, This is
dialog: insane,
speaker_heading: ILAH
dialog: 
dialog: ee Semone “gst outta “hétd: “We can't just” cece s
dialog: live in the handicapped“bathroom til \
dialog: graduation.
speaker_heading: | STOKELY
text: In THE PUPPET MASTERS and the BODY
dialog: SNATCRERS you were abla te walk amongst
dialog: them as long as they didn't detect your
dialog: humanness. If you can hide your emotions
dialog: and faar-~it's possible we can get by “ot
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: And gat the fuck out, ,
dialog: fait a second. What ara you talking :
dialog: about? Just because they did it ina
dialog: book doesn't mean it'll work.
speaker_heading: PACEY m .
dialog: There's got to be some truth to that
dialog: shit, And do you have a better idea?
speaker_heading: DELILAE
dialog: “Let me get this straight, we're depending”
dialog: on a work of fiction to save our lives?
dialog: Our real and breathing lives? Is that”
dialog: what I'm hearing here? .
speaker_heading: STOKELY
dialog: Yeah. .
speaker_heading: DELILAH
dialog: We're dead.
dialog: —™
dialog: 
speaker_heading: _ PAGE 59
dialog: 12/29/1997 11:17) 2
dialog: , Se Bgqizever O7379m
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL CORRIDOR - MOMENTS LATER
text: The bathroom door apens and they file out one at a time.
text: They walk ceolly and carefully down the corridor, .
text: Stan plays team captain. He leads the way, turning to them.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: * Stay calm. If we get separated--meet in
dialog: the student parking lot. Be cool. Don't
text: leak panicked.
text: They file out. They move down the corridor. They pass
text: several students, Suddenly, the hell RINGS and the hallway
text: is soon flooded with people, The four of them, move down the
text: hallway in a line. They spot several STUDENTS looking calm
text: and cool as they, But. others appear normal.
dialog: pean =
dialog: Pacay is: starti to sweat.. as well7as" the others. their ~
text: paranoia is growing. The next bell RINGS afid the hallway
text: begins to clear.
text: They turn a corner and spot a line of STUDENTS waiting
text: outside the office.
speaker_heading: STOKELY
dialog: 
dialog: Oh shit.
speaker_heading: | STAR
dialog: Play cool.
text: They pass Mr. Tate who walks by them. He eyes them, starts
dialog: ta stop but continues on. -
text: They approach the students standing in line.
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: What do we do?
speaker_heading: ‘. STAN
dialog: Woething. Nothing at all. Keep going.
text: They move ‘by the waiting STUDENTS. Pacey steals a glance at
text: them. Ee spots Molly. She sees him as well.
speaker_heading: “MOLLY :
dialog: Hey, Pasey, did they call you too?
text: He almost doesn't stop but Stan gives him the okay.
speaker_heading: PACEY :
dialog: No, not yet.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Qs/7o
dialog: 
scene_heading: 12/29/1997 11:17 2 : "PAGE 6a
scene_heading: aff / Se Gy ize2es7 O7:37PH R470
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MOLLY ;
dialog: You going to the game tonight?
dialog: 2 te
dialog: Leok, Molly, I can't talk right now.
text: Stokely spots Marybeth standing in line. Marybeth waves.
speaker_heading: MARYBETH
dialog: Hey, Stokely, you nonconformist you, how
dialog: you doing?
text: Stokely approaches her.
speaker_heading: ‘ STOKELY
dialog: Get outta the line, Marybeth.
dialog: — “ipeaete
dialog: What? :
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: STORELY
dialog: Don‘t ask any questions. Just follow me.
scene_heading: . MARYBETH
text: This sounds devious.
speaker_heading: STOXELY
dialog: Zhais. C'mon. It'll be fun.
dialog: 
text: Marybeth obeys, completely unaware of what's going on.
text: BACK TO MOLLY AND PACEY
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: Don't go in the office. It's not what
dialog: you think. Trust me. Go home. Right
dialog: now, I can't explain it but you have to
dialog: Listen ‘to me. Get outta the line and go
text: Pacey pulls on her, She pulls away.
speaker_heading: . MOLLY
dialog: Don't, Pacey.
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: Your life depends on it.
speaker_heading: - MOLLY
dialog: What ara you talking abaut?
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PAGE 61
dialog: 12/29/1997 11:17 1 :
scene_heading: , : Ss Eqizevs7 O7a7 Pe Qavze
dialog: ~
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED; (2)
text: Suddenly, Mrs. Olson appears. Stan nudges Pacey, then moves
text: on, Mrs. Olsen approaches, separating Stan and Marybeth from
text: the others. Stan guides Marybeth.
speaker_heading: STAR
dialog: This way.
text: Thay round a corner, disappearing.
text: the other way, leaving Pacey alone,
text: towards Stokely and Delilah.
text: Molly watches their behavior. She notices Mrs. Olson eye
dialog: them. It's all very suspicious.
scene_heading: INT, SCHOOL CORRIDOR — SAME .
text: Delilah and Stokely and Pacey trace down the hallway.
dialog: ae ee
speaker_heading: PACEY -
dialog: We lost Stan. Wait here. I'm gonna
text: circle back.
dialog: Delilah and Stokely turn
text: He turns and heads
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DELILAG .
dialog: He said meet him in the parking lot.
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: Yeah, but...I'll just be a second.
text: Pacey races back the way they came, leaving Stokely and
text: Delilah alone. Stokely spots her locker. She goes to it.
speaker_heading: DELILAR
dialog: What are you doing?
dialog: 
scene_heading: . STOKELY
dialog: Getting my stuff. I‘m not coming back
dialog: here.
text: Stokely is at her locker. . She starts to. open it. Delilah
text: sees Pacey coming back alone, to sign of Stan.
speaker_heading: DELILAE
dialog: -Shit, let's just go.
text: Stokely sticks her hand into the locker.
speaker_heading: LOCKER POV
text: CLOSE ON Stokely's hand as something stipe up her sleeve.
text: She jerks her arm away. :
speaker_heading: DELIZAH (cont'd)
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED y
dialog: 
scene_heading: 12/29/1997 11:17 1 . _ PAGE 62
scene_heading: , eB Egivess7 O737PH = Gaze
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: STOKELY
dialog: I felt something.
dialog: Where?
text: Stokely scratches at her arm.
speaker_heading: STOKELY
dialog: There's something on me.
text: She puils her jacket off. She rips een the sleave of her
text: shirt just in time to see the worm-like organism imbed itself
text: into her arm, disappearing under her skin. Delilah and Pacey
dialog: see this. ~ : ot
speaker_heading: DELILAR
dialog: 
dialog: oh
speaker_heading: STORELY (cont'd)
dialog: Get it off me... .
text: Pacey, thinking fast, rips her shirt off of her. He looks to
text: Delilah who stands petrified.
speaker_heading: BACEY
dialog: Eelp ma.
text: Delilah grabs Stokely's arm as Pacey traces it up her am.
speaker_heading: PACEY (cont'd)
dialog: Does it hurt?
dialog: 
dialog: }
dialog: Oe
scene_heading: . STOKELY
dialog: I can't feel it. Oh God, where is it?
dialog: Get it off of me.
text: r- Stokely starts to careen back and forth as if she's about to
text: faint. Her knees buckle and she falls to the floor.
text: Pacey watches as the worm moves just under the surface of her
text: skin...travelling up her arm to her shoulder.
speaker_heading: STOKELY
speaker_heading: DOSOMETHING!
text: Pacey is horrified. The worm travels past her shoulder up to
dialog: her neck. .
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: re's moving up your spine,
speaker_heading: : (CONTINUED)
dialog: a
dialog: . PAGE 63 moe
dialog: 12/29/1997 11:17 1
speaker_heading: eS (ay izvesvs7 152M ysayse
dialog: 
dialog: : 70.
speaker_heading: poe CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: STOKELY (cont'd)
dialog: Please...gat it out...it's going to my
dialog: brain, Pacey, it's’going te get me.
dialog: Please. “he
text: Pagey cakes two fingers and tries to stop it's movement,
text: holding it in place midneck. He presses his fingers
text: together...pinching it.
speaker_heading: DELILAR
dialog: Give me har bag.
text: Delilah grabs Stokely’s book bag from her locker.
speaker_heading: : PACEY ‘
dialog: Now open it and get ready.
text: v-— He-squeeses-hard;-pressing-his-fingers together...trapping . i
text: it...and then.,.it breaks off, moving—into" tye worms { tt . . H
dialog: did in the aquarium earlier)
speaker_heading: PACEY (cont'd) .
speaker_heading: Shitt “
text: He traps one of the worms and squeezes roughly. THE WoRM
text: ERDPTS THROUGH THE SKIN
text: xipping flesh...flying through the air. It flops right into
text: Stokely's baq. Delilah closes it up. Stokely CRIES IN PAIN.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PACEY (cont'd)
dialog: There's another. :
text: Pacey follows it up her neck and around her face. It travels
text: up the side of her nose and towards her eye. Pacey traps it
text: in the corner of her eye. He presses hard as it begins to
text: squeeze out of her tear duct.
text: The worm-like feeler curls and wiggles back and forth. Pacey
text: grabs hold of it with his fingers and YANKS.it, slinging it
text: into the book bag. Delilah zips the bag up as Stokely
text: collapses to the floor.
text: Pacey goes to Stokely, checking her wound.
speaker_heading: PACEY (cont'd)
dialog: Oh, God, you okay?
text: Stokely is a WHIMPERING MESS, Delilah turns around to’ see ,
text: Coach Willis and Mrs. Olson at the end of the hall.
speaker_heading: : DELILAR
dialog: Let's go,
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED )
dialog: 
scene_heading: 12/29/1937 11:17 1 PAGE 64
scene_heading: wf Se iy 12/29/87 @us2 em Qsvsz
speaker_heading: _ COMEINUED: (3)
text: Pacey helps Stokely up, half carrying...dragging her. They
text: move like lightning down the hall and through an exit door,
dialog: - cor TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOL WALKWAY - MOMENTS LATER
text: Zeke moves down a walkway towards the parking let. Class is
text: still in progress. Nearby in a practice field a little
text: football scrimage is taking place. The cheerleading team is
text: off to the side practicing their cheers for tonight's game.
text: Zeke eyes them. The cheers seems very unenthusiastic. The
text: foothall plays seem soft and slightly unreal. Zeke watches,
dialog: not quite sure’ what is wrong with the picture when...
scene_heading: A HAND GRABS HIM FROM BEHIND
text: Zeke sping azound. “ It's Mc. Furlongs—*—"* . ~
speaker_heading: MR. FURLONG
dialog: Why aren't you in class?
speaker_heading: ZEKE
dialog: Hey...Mr. Furlong, wall that’s a good
dialog: question. I wasn’t feeling well and the
dialog: horse said I could go home.
speaker_heading: MR. FURLONG
dialog: You're not feeling well?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ZEKE
dialog: Yeah, I think it's a bug going around. .
speaker_heading: MR. FURLONG
dialog: And you saw the nurse?
text: Mx. Furlong seems confused by Zeke's response.
speaker_heading: ZEKE
dialog: Yeah.,.seeya, Mr. Furlong.
text: Zeke turns away, not leoking back. If he did, he would see
text: Mr. Furlong's body shift in the most bizarre way. He lunges
text: Loward Zeke, grabbing him, spinning him. around, throwing him
text: up against the wall.
text: Zeke is caught off guard, he tries to pull free but Mr.
text: Furlong has him pinned. Zeke struggles but then sees-Mr.
text: Furlong’s face contort as little bubbles rise up under his
text: facial skin as if something crawled underneath.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )°
speaker_heading: OO ——
scene_heading: 12/29/1997 11:17 1 : _ PAGE 65
scene_heading: = Gyivzve7 OuszeM Qysovse
dialog: 72.
scene_heading: CONTINUED: oa “-
speaker_heading: ZEKE (cont'd)
dialog: Puck!
text: Zeke freaks. He can't believe what he's seeing. Zeke tries
text: to pull free but can't. His arm struggles under Furlong's
text: grip. Mr. Furlong brings one hand up to his mouth and .
text: withdraws something from it. Ha moves his hand toward Zeke.
text: Something wiggles within his clenched fist.
text: Zeke's hand manages to find it's way into his leather jacket.
text: It finds semething...a Bic pen loaded with his drug. With a
text: burst of ‘strength, he breaks his arm free, striking up at
dialog: Furlong.
text: The Bic pen comes SLAMMING into Mr. Furlong’s face, lodging
text: into his eye. Furlong stumbles back as the pen releases its
text: gontents into Mr. Furlon .
text: A moment and then Mr. Furlong's body Starts writhing and
text: squirming as the drug takes hold. He CRIES out in a most
text: inhuman way. He spins around in pain, clutching his. face. .
text: Then he stumbles. First falling to his knees and then
text: collapsing on the ground. His body goes still. 7
speaker_heading: ZEKE (cont'dy
dialog: What the fuck?
text: Zeke kicks at his body, making sura he's dead. Then, he
dialog: bolts.
scene_heading: EX?. STUDENT PARKING LOT - MOMENTS LATER
text: Stan and Marybeth are in the parking lot when Stokely and .
text: Pacey appear with a limping Delilah. Stan jumps to her. :
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: . STAN
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: PACEY ‘
dialog: Wa had a little difficulty.
text: Stan notices Stokely has been hurt. He goes to her, holds
dialog: ers .
speaker_heading: : STAN a
dialog: You akay?
speaker_heading: STOKELY te
dialog: For the moment. . .
text: She holds on to him. Delilah takes note.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: ee EL a a
speaker_heading: , PAGE 66
dialog: 12/29/1997 11:17 1
dialog: SF fay terzeva7 © us2PM — Dyaavs2
dialog: ff
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: : “es
speaker_heading: MARYBETHE
dialog: Guys...100k.
text: Marybeth motions to the scrimage field nearby. They all turn
dialog: to see the practice has stopped. The entire team...the
text: cheerleaders are all standing, staring at them...watching
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: MARYEETH
dialog: What is going on? Could someone please
dialog: tell me what the hell is gaing on?
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: Something really wrong is going on here.
dialog: 
text: They spin around to find Zeke behind them. “He's shaking but
dialog: in control.
speaker_heading: ZEKE :
dialog: Take my advice guys. Get the fuck outta
speaker_heading: ‘Se
speaker_heading: STOKELY
dialog: Could we please go?
dialog: 
text: Zeke moves to his-car.
speaker_heading: | GERE
dialog: Get in,
text: They look at each other. Not particularly very trusting of
text: him. Pacey looks back to the school. Hr. Tate and Miss
text: Burke and Coach Willis have gathered by the school walkway.
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: Let's go.
text: He opens the car door, Marybeth piles in, then Stan helps
text: Stokely inte the back seat. Stan starts to get in when he -
text: turns to find Gabe, tha new team captain and a few other TEAM
text: MEMBERS standing at the edge of the car.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: What's up, Stan? Where ya going?
speaker_heading: STAN . -
dialog: We're...uh, going...to..,th...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
scene_heading: 12/29/1997 11:17 1 _ PAGE 67
dialog: . [fj ierzever © ts2zPM Dy 4avsz
dialog: 74,
dialog: 
speaker_heading: COSTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: ZEKE
dialog: {from the car)
dialog: Get in, Jesus Christ! te -
speaker_heading: : GABE
dialog: We could sure use you buddy. Sure you .
dialog: doen't wanna play with us?
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: Nah, Gabe...but thanks.
text: Stan turns te see the faculty heading towards them. He jumps
dialog: in the car. ‘
speaker_heading: STAR (cont'd)
dialog: Ges
dialog: -"—geke hits thé gas, the dar peel:
dialog: patking lot. os
dialog: 
text: i, racing out of the .
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - LATER
text: A nice affluent house in the nice part of town. Zeke's car
text: is parked in the driveway.
dialog: cur TO:
dialog: 
scene_heading: kT. BACKYARD - SAME
text: Zeke and the others move across the yard to a converted
dialog: garage in back. -
scene_heading: TNT. GARAGE - SAME
dialog: The first
text: A light CLICKS on. The garage is not a garage.
dialog: part is more of a carpenter's haven. Work table, power
dialog: toals, atc, . .
speaker_heading: ZEKE
dialog: .My dad makes shit. And so do I...
text: Zeke leads them to a back corner, hits another light
dialog: revealing...
dialog: A, Laboratory. * ze
dialog: is own, private pharmaceutical company.
text: with lab equipment and other materials.
speaker_heading: MARYBETH
dialog: Good lord.
text: Zeke has converted the back of the garage into
dialog: A table equipped -
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED y
speaker_heading: DO
dialog: 1 .
scene_heading: 12/29/1987 12:17) .1 . PAGE 68
scene_heading: ef Ss : Big zzore7 Qus2PM Lazvsz
dialog: |
dialog: Pa! 75.
scene_heading: é CONTINUED: ee .,
dialog: |
speaker_heading: STAR
dialog: This is some serious shit,
speaker_heading: PACEY :
dialog: Where did you get all this stuff? |
speaker_heading: ZEKE
dialog: Most of it came from school.
speaker_heading: MARYBETH
dialog: Where are your parents?
speaker_heading: ZEKE
dialog: Europe. I think.
text: Pacey notices a hand gun sitting on one of the tables. He i
text: motions to the oth: Zeke heir look.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: ZEKE . _ .
dialog: It's called a gun. -
dialog: cur Tor |
scene_heading: INT. LAB - LITTLE LATER
text: CLOSE ON the dead worm. It appears gray and opaque. It's
text: pinned to a lab board, A small scalpal moves into frame,
text: slicing into it.
dialog: 
scene_heading: : PACEY .
text: Careful. In ALIENS it had acid blood.
dialog: You don't wanna losa a finger.
speaker_heading: ZEKE
dialog: Will you shut up?
text: Zeke is fast at work, he observes the worm under a lighted
text: wicroscops, inspacting it with a steal pick.
speaker_heading: ZEKE
dialog: It's incomplete.
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: ZEKE. :
dialog: This is just part of something else.
dialog: It's not an individual organism. It
dialog: can't survive on it's own. It's part of
dialog: a greater organism. Y
speaker_heading: PACEY .
dialog: You mean like a bigger worm? .”
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 12/29/1997
dialog: of
dialog: 
dialog: 11:17 1
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ZEKE
dialog: Yeah, I've never seen anything like it.
dialog: It has the ability to replicate but it
dialog: must hava water. uf -
text: Pacey thinks for a second.
speaker_heading: STAN :
dialog: Isn't the human body composed mainly of
dialog: water?
speaker_heading: STOKELY
dialog: They're using us as hosts. Drying us °
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: 
dialog: That explains Mrs. Brummel.
text: Her body was too old. She didn’t take.
text: Stan turns to Stokely, concerned,
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: You okay? How you feeling?
text: Stokely nods. Delilah takes note.
speaker_heading: ZEKE
dialog: Single celled tissue thrives best in
dialog: hormonally active organs.
speaker_heading: MARYBETH
dialog: Like that of a teenager?
speaker_heading: ZEKE
dialog: My drug confused it. The stimulants
dialog: aggravated the hormones that were
dialog: functioning for the alien tissue and
dialog: killed Mr. Furlong.
text: Zeke picks at the worm with his lab instrument. They crowd
dialog: ayound. -
speaker_heading: : ZEKE ‘fy
dialog: Sea, it has it's’ own cerebral tissue but
text: it doesn't have a brain. It acts as a
dialog: t+xanslator and can control and
dialog: manipulate. But to know anymore, you
dialog: would have to find it's parent. organism.
speaker_heading: STOKELY
dialog: The Queen bee.
speaker_heading: . PAGE 69
scene_heading: @ Gig rzeera7 @ vszPm
dialog: Rese
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PAGE 79
dialog: 12/29/1997 11:17 1
dialog: piss) S Gyizvese7 Oruszem — Byasys2
dialog: 77.
scene_heading: CONTINUED: (2) : ..
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: The master alien. |
speaker_heading: STOKELY vy
text: It's using the human body as a cavity.
text: It's renovating our insides.
speaker_heading: MARYBETH
dialog: How do we stop it?
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: {to Stoke)
dialog: Yeah, Stokely, this is your area. How do
dialog: we stop it?
dialog: 
dialog: I love theories.
speaker_heading: STOKELY
dialog: They're all connected. If we kill the ”
dialog: jaster alien, we get all of them—in
dialog: theory. . .
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: But what happens to everybody else? The
dialog: ones who've been taken over?
dialog: 
scene_heading: STOKELY .
dialog: They would be okay. They'd be human .
dialog: again. But this is all dependent on the
dialog: idea that any of this is true to begin .
dialog: with. I really don't the rules. I don't .
dialog: fmow where fact ends and truth begins
dialog: ere, .
speaker_heading: ZEKE
dialog: Then we'll-just have to wing it.
text: They all stare at each other.
speaker_heading: DELILAR
dialog: What about the police?.
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: No, Police. They've already gotten to
dialog: them. _
speaker_heading: MARYBETE
dialog: Let's leava town. We could go to
dialog: Atlanta. Qo
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED) m,
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 12/29/1997 1
dialog: nih
speaker_heading: _ PAGE 71
speaker_heading: 117004
scene_heading: eS Gy izeers7 Quszem By aays2
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
speaker_heading: STOKELY
dialog: i'm with you.
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: There's no where to go. Don't you see?
dialog: We gotta stop it or it's gonna spread.
dialog: It took the high school in a day anda
dialog: half. Give it a week~--and we'll never
dialog: outrun it. What if this is going on at
dialog: high schools everywhere? We have to deal
dialog: with this. We have to fight.
speaker_heading: DELILAR
dialog: When did you become BRAVEHEART?
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: So how do we stop it? We can't even tell
scene_heading: ron neeeenn me PRCESP ELON AHN. 8 note .
speaker_heading: STOKELY |
dialog: What if one of us is an alien right now?
dialog: How would we we
text: They stare at each other. Suddenly, getting uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: MARYBETE
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: STOKELY
dialog: How do I know you're really Pacey?
text: Pacey feels on the spot.
speaker_heading: PACEY -
dialog: How do I know you're really you?
text: They stare at each other. Suspicion...distrust has been
dialog: orn,
speaker_heading: STOKELY
text: In THE BODY SNATCHERS humans became
text: emotionless, They lost their identity.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: I don't think its that simple. The Coach
dialog: had emotion but he's usually a real
dialog: hardass, you know. But he was different
dialog: samehow, just too cool--you know.
text: Delilah eyes Stah curiously.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PAGE 72
dialog: 12/29/1997 11:17) 1
scene_heading: qrzzvs7 © us2PmM Py aavsz
dialog: wa s
dialog: 
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4)
speaker_heading: DELILAH
dialog: You mean his behavior seemed slightly .
dialog: odd. . os -
speaker_heading: PACHY
dialog: Yeah, They behave normal but their
text: actions are just missing a mark.
speaker_heading: . DELILAH
text: Like a star quarterback who mysteriously
dialog: quits the football tean.
text: Stan turns to her.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: What are you doing, Delilah?
dialog: 
dialog: a = ELILAE we ote
dialog: I'm just pointing out your slightly.
dialog: You'ye baen acting really weird the last
dialog: coupla days.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: I'm not an alien. You wanna talk
dialog: slightly odd. I haven't seen you without
dialog: your contacts or hairspray since oh about-
dialog: ~birth. -
speaker_heading: DELILAR
dialog: -I'm ingognito,
text: The others look at them bicker. ‘Their paranoia is growing.
text: Distrust permeates the rvom. -
speaker_heading: STOKELY
dialog: We'll just have to trust each other.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DELILAR .
dialog: I'm supposed to trust you. Tell me
dialog: _ something Miss Lesbian,. when did you
dialog: start liking boys?
speaker_heading: STOKELY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: DELILAR
dialog: I see the way you leck at Stan. When did
dialog: you stop muff-diving?
text: Stan eyes Stokely. Sbe looks away. She could die.
scene_heading: MARYBETE .
dialog: She’s not a lesbian. That's & hoax.
dialog: , (cowrmsueDj_
dialog: 
speaker_heading: Fn
scene_heading: 12/29/1997 11:17 1 PAGE 73
scene_heading: eff gE Wy izvesva7 @ 82 Pm Qaese
dialog: 80.
dialog: conrzmuED: (5) : ..
speaker_heading: DELILAB
dialog: Really? And what about you? Miss
text: Atlanta--who mysteriously showed up out
dialog: of no where on today of all days. What
dialog: are you doing in Ohio anyway?
text: Marybeth looks about the room. All eyes are on her. She
text: becomes frightened.
speaker_heading: MARYBETH
dialog: (very quietly)
dialog: My mom and dad died recently. I came to
dialog: live with relatives. I didn't have
dialog: anywhere else to go.
text: They all stare at her. Zeke feels for her. He steps
dialog: forward. .
dialog: 
dialog: Hey, cool it.
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: But she's got a point.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: Yeah, Zeke, I mean, you seam to know an
dialog: awful let about all this. No offense,
dialog: but you're mot exactly known for your
dialog: academic achievements.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ZEXE
dialog: Neither are you. :
speaker_heading: PACHY -
dialog: This is getting us nowhere.
speaker_heading: DELILAH
dialog: And Pacey--when did you become Signourey
dialog: Weaver?
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: Could wa cool it?
text: Zeke holds up a drug-filled Bic pen. ©
speaker_heading: ZEKE (cont'd)
dialog: I have a solution. We know this outs
dialog: them. Take a hit. If you're not alien
dialog: you have nothing to worry about.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: No way, man. I don't do drugs.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: 12/29/1997 11:17 1 . PAGE 74
dialog: ff eS Wy iezvsr Quszem Dyatysz
dialog: \ “y .
dialog: uf al.
scene_heading: CONTINUED: (6) : .
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: Zeke's right. This is the only way to
dialog: know for sura. . .
speaker_heading: ZEKE
dialog: What are you afraid of Stan?
text: Stan stares at all of them.
speaker_heading: ZEKE (cont'd)
dialog: We all do it.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: .T'l1 do it, but T'm not going first.
speaker_heading: ZEKE.
text: @eke looks at the others. They all look guilty. :
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Pacey. :
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: . Why me?
speaker_heading: STAN :
dialog: Just take it, Pacey.
text: Pacey takes it and puts it in his nose. He looks to Zeke,
text: almost for reassurance. Zeke nods. Pacey takes a giant
dialog: snort,
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ZEKE
dialog: - Easy, boy. .
text: Pacey tastes it a bit. His eyes bug slightly and he hands it
text: back to Stan, leoking as confused as someone who's taken
text: drugs for the first time.
speaker_heading: ZEKE
text: Next down the line.
text: He brings it to Marybeth.
speaker_heading: MARYBETE ‘:
dialog: I'm sorry, I do not succumb to peer
dialog: pressure. I do not do drugs. I don't
dialog: even drink.
dialog: "SERB .
dialog: I know Marybeth, but you have to do it.
dialog: Just this once. .
speaker_heading: ‘: (CONTINUED }
dialog: 
speaker_heading: OO A
dialog: 
scene_heading: 12/29/1997 11:17 . 1 PAGE 75
scene_heading: wii Se Tay 12/29/97 @ 1:82 Px DB 4ors2
dialog: con
dialog: .
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: GONTINGEDs (7)
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: What about you Zeke? How do we know
dialog: you're not one of those fucking things?
speaker_heading: ZEKE
dialog: (thinking about it)
dialog: Iocan't get high on my own supply, man.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: Fuck you, Zeket
speaker_heading: STOKELY
dialog: You're taking it if we're taking it!
text: Paoay starts giggling. They all turn to him. The camera
text: pushes in on Bim as ha. giggles more and more uncontrollably.
speaker_heading: STAN ee
dialog: Now what the hell's wrong with him?
text: Stan stands up, grabs Zeke's gun from the table and pushes it
dialog: against Pacey's temple. -
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: (loopy) - :
dialog: Hey, Zeke, man... this shit's alright.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ZEKE
dialog: Nothing's wrong with him you asshole,
dialog: he's tweakin', let him tweak,
text: Stan aims the gun at Zeke.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: Now you.
dialog: Beat.
text: Zeke puta the pen in his nose and snorts. No immediate
dialog: react: « He holds the pen out to Stan. .
speaker_heading: ZEKE
dialog: Youx turn.
text: “The vasera cupositions as Stan takes the pen.
text: Stan eyes zeke for any change in his physical, then shorts
text: the pen powder. He rubs it around in his nose.
text: Zeke motions for Stan to give him his gin back.
speaker_heading: . : (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: PAGE 75
scene_heading: eG [qi 12729797 © 1:52 PM O3arse
dialog: 12/29/1997 11:17 1
dialog: fii
dialog: ; , 83.
scene_heading: CONTINUED: (8) : . :
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: Nope. I'm holding on to this...
text: Zeke SNATCHES the gun away and puts it Behind him on the
dialog: table.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: Not while you're tweakin' you're not. Sit
dialog: down.
text: Stan sits.
dialog: Stokely.
speaker_heading: a STOKELY
dialog: = ef WHER us. Tim not 7 | o
dialog: putting Clorox up my- nose, 271i be dead.
speaker_heading: ZERE
text: Bens are taking over the earth. Weigh
dialog: te
dialog: Beat.
text: Stokely takes the Bie pen from Zeke.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: STOKELY
dialog: What's in it?
speaker_heading: ZEKE - -
dialog: - (shrugs) .
text: Mostly caffeine. Some other household .
dialog: shit. Your basic undex the sink
dialog: ingredients. .
text: Stokely takes the hit. She sucks it in strangely. It pockets
text: itself in her sinus and she can't get a feel for it. she
text: hands the pen to Marybeth. .
scene_heading: . MARYBETH :
dialog: I can't take drugs, Zeke. I can't.
speaker_heading: del ILAn
dialog: It's not addictive you southern twit.
text: Stan starts laughing. ,
text: Delilah takes the pen away from Marybeth and snoxts it hard.
text: She even puts some in the other nostril.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
scene_heading: 12/29/1937 11:17 2 PAGE 77
dialog: 
dialog: th es Gy tezsrsz Quszem DB sers2
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (9)
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: Easy, baby... \
text: Pagey is still giggling in his chair.
text: Stokely doesn’t look as comfortable with it. Her face is
text: twitching a bit. She puts her hands to her temple.
text: zeke pulls another pen out and hands it to Marybeth,
speaker_heading: ZEKE
dialog: {smiling a bit, tweaked)
dialog: Trust me, Marybeth. You won't get hooked
dialog: on iter:
text: Marybeth takes the Ug and puts it to her nose. She snorts.
dialog: an ermeceree =
text: ts her hand to her
text: The sound is loud in Stokely’ 3 ears She
text: ear to control the sound.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Beat.
text: Except for Stokely's weirdness, there is no reaction around
dialog: alll, . the room.
speaker_heading: ” DELILAH
dialog: Well, I guess we're all off the hoo...
dialog: 
text: Before Delilah can finish her sentence, a fist like shape
text: punches out from under her skin, contorting har face and bone
text: structure horribly for a half second before snapping back
dialog: - into place.
text: Bleed drops freckle Marybeth and Stokely.
text: Bvaryone's taken off guard. Was that them tweakin‘ or hex
dialog: reacting?
text: Delilah looks canfused as well. She brings her hand to her
text: face, which doesn't sit on her skull like it did before. It's
dialog: a little fucked up,
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: What the hell was that, ‘baby?
text: Delilah grabs Stans arm for support, and FEELERS pour out of
text: her finger tips from under her nails, ferociously wrapping
text: and slithering around Stans! arm.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: : ‘12/29/1997 11:17 1 PAGE 78
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: eB Ey 229/97 @s2eu
dialog: a5.
speaker_heading: CONTINUEDs (10)
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: (drugged and confused)
dialog: Oh shit! a a
speaker_heading: ZEKE
dialog: Fuek!
text: Zeke turns to get the gun and it's gone! Pan around and.
text: Pacey has it in his hand and is backing up, aiming it at’
dialog: Zeke! Byes as big as saucers.
text: Stokely and Marybeth fly back put of their seats, As Stan is
text: thrashed in their direction
text: Delilah is starting to look less and less like herself.
text: — stokely tries ta tear Stan awa’ a tie Delilah, - ut she has. hin -
text: gripped tight.
speaker_heading: ZEKE
dialog: Shoot it Pacey! Shoot it in the head:
text: Pacey turns to the creature and fires at what was once
text: Delilah's head.
text: As it explodes, TWO mre heads sprout next to the last.
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: Now what?
text: Zeke takes the gun from Pacey and shoots those heads too. The
text: thing kits the ground like a sack of potatoes. It flops
text: around gruesomely.
text: Stokely comes back and dumps a bunch of the powder drug on
dialog: the creature.
speaker_heading: ERE :
dialog: Careful with that--it's all I got.
text: The drug bores into the carcass, making a sizzling saund as
dialog: it goes.
text: Everyone watches as the body writhes and steams..”
text: The camera tracks over each of them.
scene_heading: EXT. GARAGE ~ LATER
text: Wight is quickly falling upon the garage. Lights burn from
dialog: within. ;
speaker_heading: B37/s2
dialog: 
scene_heading: 12/29/1997 11:17 1 : PAGE 79
dialog: S Gaqizvevsr Ouszee pyserse
scene_heading: INT. GARAGE - SAME
text: Delilah lays spread out all over the garage floor. Still
dialog: steaming slightly. :
scene_heading: ON STAN AND STOKELY
text: Stan can't take his eyes off what’s left of Delilah. Ha‘s
text: beyond upset. Stokely tries to comfort him. Stokely xeaches
text: gut and strokes his arm. They sit there in silence. And
dialog: then...
speaker_heading: sTAN
dialog: Delilah tried. Her intentions were shit
dialog: but she had a plan--you know. She was
dialog: going somewhere. I really liked her for
dialog: 
text: Stokely listens silently.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: I wonder what it's like ta be one of
dialog: them. Not to be human anymore. I wonder
dialog: if you stop caring about shit...like a ~
dialog: future. I wonder if you just dry up and
dialog: die inside.
speaker_heading: STOKELY
dialog: ZI don't know, Stan.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: I guess we'll find owt. Delilah‘s
dialog: probably better off. 7 :
text: He looks at her. Stokely really feels for this guy-
text: places her hand on his shoulder.
text: Zeke and Marybeth are busy at a side table making up a new
dialog: batch of his hack drug.
speaker_heading: MARYBETH (cont'd)
dialog: “z wish I had never come here.
dialog: She
speaker_heading: be: ZEKE
dialog: Sorry about your parents,
dialog: rough.
text: This is a delicate subject. Marybeth is instantly
dialog: uncomfortable.
dialog: That must be
speaker_heading: MARYEETH
dialog: Yeah. o .
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: it S Gqveee = =©a3ipM = 3@/36
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MARYBETH
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: ZEKE . . -
dialog: Mine are kinda dead too. They just keep
dialog: breathing.
text: She looks at him, a small smile. She appreciates his attempt
text: at comfort. Marybeth changes the subject. She pulls a drug-
text: filled Bic pen from his pocket. .
speaker_heading: MARYBETE
dialog: Your brain seems overly smart, Zeke. Why
dialog: do you use it to deal drugs? Why not
dialog: put it into your school work?
speaker_heading: ZERE
dialog: And miss an oppurtunity to participate in
dialog: the deconstruction of America.
speaker_heading: MARYBETH
dialog: Forgive me for being frank, but that's a
dialog: rather easy and simplistic answer. And
dialog: something tells me, you're just a little
dialog: smarter than that.
dialog: 
text: Zeke comes to a stop with what he's doing.
speaker_heading: ZEKE
dialog: Shit. I don't have enough ingredients
dialog: for more. .
text: He looks at Marybeth's container.
speaker_heading: ZEKE
dialog: That's all we got.
speaker_heading: MARYBETH
dialog: Then we'll have to make it count.
text: Zeke eyes her. He likes this girl.
text: Just then, Stan turns to Zeke. A look of determination on
text: his face. .
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: So how do we stop it? I wanna know how
dialog: we stop it. .
speaker_heading: ZEKE
dialog: We go search out the queen bee.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: I
dialog: = way verve wy eerim Lverey
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: And how do we do that?
speaker_heading: ZEKE
dialog: We start at the top. . -
speaker_heading: STOKELY
dialog: Principal Drake.
text: Zeke is looking at his batch. He places it in a book bag and
text: puts it around Marybeth's back.
speaker_heading: ZEKE
dialog: We're a little low on this shit. We're
dialog: gonna have to make it count.
speaker_heading: STOKELY
dialog: We only need enough for Principal Drake.
dialog: It's got to be her.
text: They eye her.
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: And you're sure this drug shit will kill
dialog: her?
dialog: 
text: Stan is loading the handgun.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: Tf it doesn't. Maybe this will.
text: They stare at each other as fear overtakes the room.
speaker_heading: ‘CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. JEFFERSON HIGH FOOTBALL STADIUM - NIGHT
text: The game is nearing it's end.
text: The band PLAYS, But the music carries no energy. The
text: cheerleaders cheer but with little enthusiasm. ..The crowd
text: watches on.
text: The concession stand is in full swing. CLOSE on beverages
text: being passed hand to hand to hand. People swill them down.
text: The Women's Restroom has a line around the building as women
text: wait their turn, One WOMAN is seen exiting. She seems a
text: little dizzy and disoriented.
speaker_heading: Ld / . — (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: : 89.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: TWO LITTLE KIDS are seen playing under the bleachers. They
text: dig into the dirt. One of them holds up a small slug.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FOOTBALL FIELD
text: A WHISTLE BLOWS. It‘s the fourth quarter. A player makes a
text: run for the line. The crowd CHEERS. The announcer follows
text: the play over loud speakers.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT ~ SAME
text: Zeke's car pulls up into the back of the lot, behind the Brun
text: County school bus. Zeke quickly kills the headlights.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: THE STANDS
text: The Fuck You Couple are selling sodas to paying customers.
text: Cups are passed hand to hand.
text: One of the little toddlers from under the bleachers comes
text: running up to his mother SOBBING HYSTERICALLY. He jumps into
text: his mother's arms.
dialog: ON THE FIELD
text: The Patriots are fierce. They race in against Brun County
text: for a PULVERIZING TACKLE. It looks ugly. A player from Brun
text: is hurt. He's helped off the field. .
scene_heading: “FROM THE SIDELINES
text: Coach Willis watches approvingly. He turns to the stands to
text: see Principal Drake watching without question.
dialog: . cUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ATHLETIC CENTER - SAME
text: Stokely and Stan enter the front doors. They each carry a-
text: backpack. They race across the darkened basketball court.
text: They move to the exit doors on the far wall. Opening their
text: bags, they take out locks and chains. They begin to secure
dialog: the exit doors. i”
speaker_heading: STOKELY’
dialog: You think this will work?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: I'm trying not to think. Being a dumb
dialog: jock suits me better.
text: Stokely nudges him. . oo
speaker_heading: STOKELY
dialog: In no way is that true.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STADIUM FENCE - MINUTES LATER
text: Pacey wiggles through a break in the fence, slipping into the
text: stadium unnoticed. He moves under the bleachers, peeking
text: through the slats.
text: Feet STOMP. People CHEER. Pacey checks it out. He can't
text: see much. He moves for the bleacher entrance.
dialog: ON THE FIELD
text: A Patriot NAILS an opposing player, CRASHING into him,
text: throwing him to the ground. The Brun team member starts to
text: get up as the Patriot bends down and slips a slug into his
dialog: helmet.
text: The player sits up, moving to his feet when he stumbles back
text: suddenly. He drops to ground, unconscious. The Medics hit
text: the field again.
speaker_heading: BLEACHER ENTRANCE
text: Pacey appears at the foot of the bleachers. He looks up into
text: the crowd. He spots Zeke and Marybeth who motion with. their
text: eyes. He follows them to...
scene_heading: PRINCIPAL DRAKE ©
text: who's eyes on the game, only feet away. Pacey turns away and
text: then, and only then does Principal Drake turn to Pacey. Her
text: eyes stone cold. Pacey looks back but Drake's eyes have
text: returned to the game.. She watches very cool and controlled.
dialog: ON THE FIELD
text: The last play is made. The Patriots score just under the
text: clock. They win--the victors. The field begins to break up
text: as everyone begins to go home.
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL DRAKE
text: turns to see Pacey heading back towards the gym. ..alone.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Ff G@yv2s =O asi em
dialog: 91.
scene_heading: EXT. GYM - SAME
text: Pacey sprints around the side of the gym. His shadow thrown
text: big across the building. Drops of rain begin to pour down on
text: him. He wipes his face. ~ -
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: Shit!
scene_heading: INT. GYM - SAME
text: Pacey enters, running across center court. He stops and
text: turns to the doorway.
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: Hey, guys. Where are you?
text: A LOUD CREAK as the door is heard opening and closing. Pacey
text: looks to the entrance. He hears wet shoes SQUEAKING on the
text: hard wood floor.
speaker_heading: PACEY (cont'd)
dialog: Guys? I saw her. Drake's at the game.
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL DRAKE
dialog: (off camera)
dialog: Actually I'm right here.
text: Pacey emerges from the shadows.
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: Hello, Miss Drake.
text: She turns to him, a smile on her face.
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL DRAKE
dialog: Hello, Pacey. Are you okay? I was
dialog: worried about you.
text: She takes a step forward when a huge net comes flying down on
text: top of her. She immediately starts to fight but Stokely and
text: Stan appear on either side, wrapping it around her tighter,
text: entrapping her.
text: Marybeth and. Zeke enter. They chain and lock the doors
text: behind them.
text: Principal Drake lay tangled in a volleyball net. She pulls
text: and twists, trying to break.free.
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL DRAKE
dialog: What is going on here? .
speaker_heading: ° (CONTINUED )
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 23236
dialog: 
scene_heading: @ aq 2-98 © 8:31 Pm 031736
dialog: . . 92.
speaker_heading: ; CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ZEKE
dialog: You tell us.
dialog: (to Stan) ,
dialog: Are all the doors locked?
text: Stan throws him a ring of keys.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: We're completely locked up. Ain't no one
dialog: getting in.
text: Principal Drake has managed to upright herself to a kneeling
text: position. The others surround her.
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL DRAKE
dialog: Get me out of this. I'll have you
dialog: expelled.
speaker_heading: ZEKE
dialog: Stop the act, no one's buying it.
speaker_heading: STOKELY
dialog: We know who you are.
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL DRAKE
dialog: You're in a lot of trouble. All of you.
dialog: 
text: Stan pulls out the gun.
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL DRAKE
dialog: No, please. What are you doing? Put
dialog: that away.
text: Principal Drake looks extremély afraid. " stan holds the gun
text: up, aiming. ‘Zeke grabs a Bic pen from Marybeth's backpack.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: Ready?
speaker_heading: ZEKE
dialog: Yep.
dialog: (to Drake)
dialog: Sniff this.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL DRAKE
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: ‘ & qvees =O asiem = 30/36
dialog: . 93.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
dialog: 
text: The others look at each other. They realize this is a lame
dialog: plan.
speaker_heading: ZEKE
dialog: Sniff it or he shoots you. .
scene_heading: . PRINCIPAL DRAKE
dialog: I will not!
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: Now what?
speaker_heading: ZEKE
dialog: We do it the hard way. With Mr. Furlong,
dialog: I plunged it into his eye, and the
dialog: reaction was instantaneous.
speaker_heading: STAN ”
dialog: You stick her and then I'll shoot before
text: it erupts all over the place.
text: Zeke grabs Drake's face, holding it back into the light
dialog: stream...
dialog: 
scene_heading: hot PRINCIPAL DRAKE
dialog: Oh my God, what are you doing?
text: Zeke holds the pen up, ready to plunge. He hesitates.
speaker_heading: STOKELY ‘ -
dialog: What's wrong?
speaker_heading: ZEKE
dialog: Are we sure?
text: Zeke is having second thoughts.
speaker_heading: - PACEY
dialog: Yes. we're sure.
dialog: But Zeke can't do it.
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL DRAKE
dialog: Please Zeke, don't. Are you out of your
dialog: mind? Oh God, NO. I BEG YOU. No, no...
text: Principal Drake is reduced to a trench of tears. Zeke is
dialog: shaking. ”
speaker_heading: i : oe eo. (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: a iq veres = as1PM = 2936
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
speaker_heading: ZEKE
dialog: I thought they were fearless.
speaker_heading: STOKELY
dialog: They are. She's faking. -
speaker_heading: ZEKE
dialog: But how do you know?
speaker_heading: , PACEY
dialog: Shoot her.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: I can't.
text: Principal Drake begins to rise towards Zeke. She is SOBBING.
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL DRAKE
dialog: Please, Zeke, don't do this.
text: She's worked herself completely out of the net. She moves up
text: to Zeke, reaching out for him. Suddenly, Pacey appears next
text: to Stan. He grabs the gun, aims, and FIRES.
text: The bullet catches Principal. Drake right between the eyes.
text: She flies backwards, landing with a THUMP on the hard floor.
dialog: 
text: A moment. They all stare at her still body.
speaker_heading: ZEKE
dialog: What if we were wrong?
speaker_heading: STOKELY
dialog: Stab it and find out!
text: Zeke stares at the pen, then at Drake's lifeless body.
text: He walks over to the body as a pool of blood spreads sickly
text: from behind her head...
text: Zeke is at her feet, wondering what to do.
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: Do it! It's the only way to find out!
text: Zeke is eyeing the blood pouring out.
speaker_heading: ZEKE «°
dialog: I think we made a mistake. She's dead.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 
dialog: ee qgvess Ossi = 2/36
dialog: « 95.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4)
dialog: 
text: Suddenly, Drake sits up, the hole in her head replaced by
text: long, dancing FEELERS that have sprouted from her bullet
text: wound. Her eyes are rolled back white. Zeke SCREAMS.
text: Marybeth acting fast, rips open her book’ bag, she pulls out
text: the large container of SKAT. She opens it and pours it out
text: all over Principal Drake.
text: Principal Drake's body erupts in spasms. After a moment--her
text: body goes lifeless.
speaker_heading: STOKELY
dialog: We got her.
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: Yes.
text: But Zeke and Stan are a little less sure.
speaker_heading: . STAN
dialog: C'mon. Let's check and see if it worked.
text: They run towards the door. Zeke unlocks it as they file out.
scene_heading: EXT. GYMNASIUM - SAME
dialog: 
text: The rain is still misty. They look towards the football
text: field, which is empty. .
dialog: /
text: The last of the crowd can be seen in the distant parking lot.
text: The Brun County School Bus pulls out of the parking lot.
speaker_heading: STOKELY
dialog: This better have worked, or there's gonna
text: be a lot of infected people heading home.
text: The rain continues down. In the near distance, a FIGURE can
text: be seen moving towards them. Suddenly, the Coach comes into
dialog: view.
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: I think it worked.
text: Stan moves in front, meeting up with the Coach. Suddenly, A
text: CRASH OF THUNDER. The rain starts pouring down in droves.
speaker_heading: STAN -
dialog: Hey, Coach Willis.
speaker_heading: a . . (CONTINUED )
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: bay Gyveee § Ossiem Qjar7va6
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: COACH WILLIS
dialog: Stan. What are you doing here?
text: The Coach stands in the rain like it's nothing. He doesn't
dialog: even notice. -
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: I came to root you guys on.
text: The Coach's head goes slack. It drops back and his mouth
text: opens. Feelers sprout forth, lapping up the water. Zeke's
text: turns to horror.
text: It is a hideous and sickening sight. He backs up, to the
text: others. They see it too.
text: Suddenly more emerge from the Coach's eye sockets, nose and
text: mouth. Long stingers that slap about the face, thriving in
text: the down pour. Suddenly, Mrs. Olson and Mr. Tate appear
text: behind him.
text: He appears disabled, as if the. rain has taken control of
text: them. Then, the feelers disappear and he turns to Stan.
speaker_heading: ZEKE
dialog: Move it.
dialog: 
text: The five of them take off running back towards the gym.
scene_heading: INT. GYM - SAME
text: They race inside, SLAMMING THE DOOR SHUT. Zeke and Stan work
text: together, securing it with chain and lock.
speaker_heading: ZEKE
dialog: We're gonna need reinforcement.
text: Stokely and Marybeth look through the small glass window in
text: the door.
scene_heading: ANGLE THROUGH WINDOW
text: Coach Willis and Mr. Tate and Mrs. Olson and others approach
text: the gym. They move with assured confidence.
speaker_heading: MARYBETH
dialog: If it wasn't Miss Drake--who?
speaker_heading: STOKELY
dialog: It must be Coach Willis.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ZEKE
dialog: It must, it must, it must--how do you
dialog: know--shit--we don't know anything.
text: Stan appears with metal rods. Practice hoop stands.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: I found these.
text: Pacey helps him. They slide them through the door handles,
text: barricading themselves in further.
speaker_heading: ZEKE
dialog: We should check all the doors. They're
dialog: gonna try and get in.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: Stokely come with me. You guys--take the
dialog: pool. Pacey stay here.
text: The others disappear, leaving Pacey alone in the foyer of the
text: gym. He looks through the window.
scene_heading: ANGLE THROUGH WINDOW
text: Nothing. The faculty has disappeared.
speaker_heading: BAM!
text: ‘A tentacled face comes CRASHING against the window. Pacey
text: LEAPS back. It's Mrs. Olson. Slithering and horrific, the
text: face slides out of view. -
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. POOL AREA - SAME
text: Stokely and Stan are in the pool room. A completely separate
text: and isolated section of the gymnasium.
text: They check the exit doors. Locked and secured. They move to
text: a small office door.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. GYM - SAME
text: Zeke and Marybeth are atop the wooden bleachers, checking the
text: steel wired windows that line the walls. They look out onto
dialog: the football field. -
scene_heading: ANGLE THROUGH WINDOW
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: e Ggvese @aszipm passe
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Coach Willis is seen conferring with Mr. Tate. They stand,
text: soaking up the rain.
text: Marybeth is chilled to the bone. She moves in close to Zeke.
text: His arms find their way around her. . -
speaker_heading: MARYRETH
dialog: Look at them, they're feeding.
speaker_heading: ZEKE
dialog: They're getting stronger.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. GYM ENTRANCE - SAME
text: Pacey stands alone, in front of a trophy case.
text: A THUMP behind him. Pacey spins around, peering into the
dialog: dark gym. -
speaker_heading: “PACEY
dialog: Who's there?
text: A moment and then Stokely and Stan appear. Zeke and Marybeth
text: right behind them. Zeke moves for the door, keys in hand.
speaker_heading: ZEKE
dialog: I think there's some SKAT in my car.
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: Are you sure?
speaker_heading: . ZEKE
dialog: No. But it's worth checking.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: I'll go with you.
speaker_heading: _ MARYBETH
dialog: Me too.
speaker_heading: ZEKE
dialog: No, you're better off here. I'll be
speaker_heading: STAN :
dialog: You're gonna take off and leave us,
dialog: aren't you?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 1/2/98 @ 8:31 em D 24/36
dialog: 
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ZEKE
dialog: No--fuck. But if they get me--they'll
dialog: only get me--you guys will still have a
dialog: chance. :
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: We'll all go. We'll fight.
speaker_heading: ZEKE
dialog: Don't let your newfound BRAVEHEART skills
dialog: make you stupid.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: No, we stay. Zeke's right. There's no
dialog: telling what's out there. He can move
dialog: better alone.
text: Zeke unhooks the door's chained lock, while Stan pulls the
text: steel rod away. Zeke cracks the door, turning back to
text: Marybeth.
speaker_heading: ZEKE
dialog: (almost a whisper)
text: Seeya soon, Marybeth of Atlanta.
text: And with that, Zeke's gone. The door SLAMS SHUT. Pacey and
text: Stan re-secure it as Marybeth calls after him.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MARYBETH
dialog: Be careful, Zeke.
text: She looks on, sullen, through the small paned window.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT
text: Zeke races through the drenching rain. He looks about,
text: there's no sign of anyone anywere. He crosses the pavement
text: to his car.
text: He slips inside.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - SAME
text: Inside the car, he REVS it up. Then, suddenly, something ©
text: stops him. He looks through the rearview mirror, realizing
text: someone could be in the back seat.
speaker_heading: ZEKE
dialog: Fuck.
speaker_heading: a, Oe eo (CONTINUED )
dialog: 
dialog: s F Hyves = Oasiem 23/36
dialog: . 100.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: He doesn't want to but he turns around and lifts up, slowly,
text: creeping up, looking into the back seat. It's empty. He
text: takes a breath. The ultimate fake scare. He turns back
dialog: around and....
text: shifts gears and peels out.
dialog: cur To:
scene_heading: INT. GYM - SAME
text: The others move about the gym entrance. Fidgety and tense.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: He won't be back.
speaker_heading: MARYBETH
dialog: Yes, he will.
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: I hope.
text: A THUMP is heard from the darkness of the gym. They all
text: turn. Stan races in. The others follow.
text: Shadowed light filters in through the windows high in the gym
text: walls. All is deathly quiet. Except for the rain pelting
text: down outside. Stan motions to the girls.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: Stay here. Pacey, take that side.
text: Stan and Pacey split up, each taking a side of the gym.
speaker_heading: ON PACEY
text: as he moves to the electric wooden bleachers that line the
text: wall. He moves to their edge, peering under them. It's
text: frighteningly dark. A jungled mesh of steel support braces.
speaker_heading: ° PACEY
dialog: Hello? Who's there?
text: ‘ suddenly, a FIGURE emerges, moving into the light. It's
dialog: Molly.
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: Molly?
text: She moves out into the open. A look of pure terror on her
dialog: face. ”
speaker_heading: . fo (CONTINUED ) i
scene_heading: : etd 1/2/98 © 8:31 8M Qi22/36
dialog: 101. |
dialog: i
dialog: t
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 3 CONTINUED:
dialog: i
dialog: t
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Please, don't hurt me.
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: It's me, Pacey. - -
text: She runs into his arms.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Oh, Pacey, what's going on?
text: Suddenly, Stan appears, yanking Molly from him, throwing her
text: to the ground.
speaker_heading: : STAN
dialog: ‘ Watch out. She could be one. i
text: Molly is horror-stricken and tear stained.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: No, I'm not. Please, Pacey, tell him. :
text: Pacey wants to believe her but knows better. He's seen too
dialog: much tonight. :
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: I'm sorry, Molly.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. GYM ENTRANCE - SECONDS LATER
text: Molly sits on the floor while Stan ties her hands behind her
text: back. Stokely holds the gun on her. Molly CRIES
scene_heading: UNCONTROLLABLY.
dialog: ‘ STOKELY . ‘
dialog: : You make one alien move and you're :
dialog: fireworks--got it?
text: Molly nods her head. She looks pitiful and pathetic.
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: Do we have to do this?
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: We can't take any chances.
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: I know her. Okay? This is really her.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED ) ‘
dialog: 
dialog: & @yv2e8 =O s3iem — aivac
dialog: o 102.
speaker_heading: { } CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: STOKELY
dialog: And when Zeke gets back with the drug
dialog: we'll test her.
text: Stokely is getting really anxious. She paces the floor.
speaker_heading: STOKELY
dialog: So, what are we gonna do, just stay in
dialog: this gym forever?
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: You got a better idea?
text: Marybeth is looking through the door's small window.
speaker_heading: MARYBETH
dialog: Zeke will be back.
dialog: cur TO:
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOL PARKING LOT - NIGHT - A FEW MINUTES LATER
text: Zeke walks amongst rows and rows of school buses. He keeps
text: looking behind him, watching his back. The rain has stopped
text: but the night wind whistles between the buses. It's very
dialog: creepy.
text: Suddenly, he hears FOOTSTEPS. He looks down under the buses.
text: Sees nothing. He spots his car, moves to it. He goes
text: “straight for the trunk, pops it open. Looks inside. He
text: withdraws two Bic pens. It's better than nothing. He
text: pockets them when he hears VOICES.
dialog: 
text: He turns looks at the end of a school bus. A COUPLE are
text: fighting. He moves closer, coming upon a SCRUFFLE between
text: Mr. Tate and Miss Harper. He has her pinned to the side of
text: the bus. She SCREAMS IN TERROR.
text: Zeke moves for her. It's obvious Mr. Tate is in the process
text: ef converting her. He races to help.
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOL PARKING LOT - SAME
text: Zeke comes upon the struggle. He throws Mr. Tate off Miss
text: Harper and grabs her by the arm. She looks up, surprised.
speaker_heading: HARPER
dialog: Zeke! .
speaker_heading: - . o . (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: . a Gq v2es = a31FM 20/36
dialog: - 103.
speaker_heading: Moe CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ZEKE
dialog: Hurry!
text: Zeke grabs her and they move to his car.. He throws open the
text: door and Miss Harper jumps in, followed by Zeke just as Mrs.
text: Olson appears. She grabs Zeke. He wrenches her off him. He
text: hops in, starts it up, turns to see Olson recovering. His
text: window is open--he begins to roll it up.
speaker_heading: HARPER
dialog: Hurry, Zeke, she's coming.
text: Zeke hits reverse and begins as the window rolls up--but
text: Olson manages to thrust her hand in at the last moment--the
text: glass catches Mrs. Olson's hand, closing on it. Her fingers
text: get pinched in the window just as the car springs backwards.
text: Mrs. Olson's fingers are snipped off by the window, dropping
text: to the floor of the car.
text: Miss Harper SCREAMS.
speaker_heading: ZEKE
dialog: Fuck!
dialog: 
text: Zeke spins the car around and heads back the way they came.
text: Mrs. Olson, stands, watching them go, nursing his fingerless
text: hand. Thin feelers whipping about in the knuckle slots.
scene_heading: INT. ZEKE'S CAR - SAME
text: Zeke careens the car out of the parking lot and down the
text: school driveway entrance.
speaker_heading: . ZEKE (cont'd)
dialog: oy ‘(to Harper)
dialog: : You okay?
text: The Fingers under the seats sprout feelers and become
text: wormlike. Miss Harper's hysterical.
speaker_heading: HARPER
dialog: What's going on, Zeke?
speaker_heading: : ZEKE
dialog: We've been invaded by aliens.-
text: The fingers crawl towards zeke's feet.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: FF Gy v2es | 8:31 eM Q 19/36
dialog: 104,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
dialog: 
speaker_heading: HARPER
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ZEKE
dialog: I know it sounds nut but we have to find
text: the mother alien and kill it.
text: The Worms start up Zeke's leg.
speaker_heading: . HARPER
dialog: Can I help?
text: Miss Harper's voice is soft and quite calm. Zeke, confused,
text: turns to a demonic Miss Harper just as she comes flying at
text: him, arms outstretched. Zeke speeds up as Miss Harper lashes
text: into him, her hands finding his throat. The Car rips through
text: assorted signage roadside.
text: The car goes into a tailspin as Zeke fights’ off Miss Harper.
text: She comes at him fast and focused. He slams her back against
dialog: the seat.
text: Miss Harper recovers, looking very prim and poised. A smile
text: a invading her lips.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: HARPER
dialog: You want me, Zeke, you know it.
text: She comes at him again, mouth open wide...
scene_heading: A WORM PROTRUDING FROM IT
text: Zeke, panicked, SLAMS on the brakes, sending Miss Harper
text: crashing out the windshield and over the hood. She tries to
text: hang on, but slides off the hood and is crushed under his
dialog: tires.
text: He screams as he realizes he has worms crawling up his legs,
text: he tears them off of himself and chucks them out the window.
text: He's driving silently now. Catching his breath. ~
text: He hears something, and turns the radio off. The car is
text: making a strange knocking sound. It sounds as if something
text: is stuck to the tire. It's hard to control the car. It's
text: getting worse. He has to pull over.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: ' e Gives |= 831M 18736
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 105.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - SAME
text: The car pulls over on the dark and lonely road.
scene_heading: INT. EL CAMINO - SAME
text: Zeke slides the car into park. He glances out all of the
text: windows cautiously, then opens his car door.
text: He glances to see if anything is stuck in his rear tire. It's
text: black as night back there.
text: He reaches into the back seat for a flashlight.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - SAME
text: The camera pushes in towards his open door. Zeke leans out
text: and flashes the light past camera.
speaker_heading: ZEKE POV
text: Nothing there. He flashes the light up a little higher.
dialog: Nothing.
text: He hears a thump.
text: He flashes the light back down at the tire. Miss Harper's
text: head is there where it wasn't before. It's severed but still
text: moving from it's neck stump, being pushed along by it's own
text: means of propulsion. Her face contorts with each movement, an
text: evil rasp emanating from her slack mouth.
text: Zeke reaches around with his free hand and gently shifts the
text: car into REVERSE.
text: He backs up rough and short, just enough to crack Miss
text: Harper's head open with a sick POP. The blood and gore streak
text: out from under the tire, as easily as if he'd crushed a giant
dialog: pea.
text: He slams the car back in drive as he closes the door and
text: there is Miss Harper's HEADLESS BODY standing in front of
text: him, lit sickly by the white hot headlights.
text: He blasts past her as she headlessly watches him scream, past,
text: her fingers streaking blood across his window as he goes.
text: Leaving her to wander headless in the night.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: 1/2/98 © 8:31 PM Q 17736 .
dialog: ad
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: _~ : : 106. |
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. POOL AREA - MINUTES LATER
text: Stokely and Stan are in the pool area. Stan double checks
text: the exit door to make sure it's secure. He, then, moves back
text: to Stokely who stands next to the pool. .The water glistens
text: against their faces.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: So tell me, in these books you read.
text: INVASION OF THE PUPPET SNATCHERS and THE
text: BODY...
speaker_heading: STOKELY
text: THE BODY SNATCHERS, PUPPET MASTERS.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: Okay. What happens .Stokely? How do they
dialog: defeat the aliens in the books? Maybe we
dialog: can try the same thing? So far, they
dialog: seem right on target. “
text: Stokely remains quiet.
speaker_heading: STAN (cont'd)
dialog: Is there some like basic sci-fi thing
dialog: we're forgetting to do that will easily
dialog: wipe out these aliens? What happens in
dialog: o
dialog: the books?
speaker_heading: STOKELY
dialog: They get us. We become them. They win.
dialog: We lose. . :
text: Stan lets this sink in.
speaker_heading: STAN "
dialog: . Quitting football doesn't seem like such
dialog: a big deal anymore, does it? .
text: Stokely moves close to him. A certain sexuality exists
dialog: between them.
text: Stokely grabs Stan and kisses him, long and hard. Years of
text: passion existing in her lips. They break apart. Stan looks
text: at her, pleasantly stunned.
speaker_heading: STOKELY
dialog: I just don't want to never have done
dialog: that. .
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: =e Giqvze8 = 8:31 eM
dialog: , 107,
scene_heading: INT. GYM ENTRANCE - SAME
text: Molly sits tied and bound near the front doors. She is alone
text: and trying desparately, yet quietly, to loosen her straps.
scene_heading: INT. GYM - SAME
text: Pacey and Marybeth wait it out atop the bleachers. They sit
text: quietly with each other. Pacey is turned away from Marybeth,
text: sitting several rows down, sprawled out along the bleacher.
speaker_heading: MARYBETH
dialog: God, I am so over this.
speaker_heading: PACEY '
dialog: Me too.
speaker_heading: MARYBETH
dialog: No, I'm really over this.
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: They're gonna get us, aren't they?
text: Marybeth ignores that question. She doesn't like the sound
dialog: of it. :
speaker_heading: PACEY (cont'd)
dialog: Aliens in high school. And all this time
dialog: I thought the only alien was me.
speaker_heading: _MARYBETH
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: PACEY :
dialog: I know the way people see me. I know how .
dialog: I see myself. I'm that guy--there’s one
dialog: of me in every school. The class wuss--I
dialog: got caught picking my nose in the first
dialog: grade and I've had to live with it for
dialog: the last eight years of my life. I'm the
dialog: guy who's sole purpose is to let all the
dialog: others feel better about themselves.
speaker_heading: MARYBETH
dialog: You're not any of those things, Pacey.
dialog: You don't have to be.
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: What happens when the aliens get you. Do
dialog: you become someone new? Do you lose who
dialog: you are? I've always hated who I am--
dialog: maybe the alternative is not such a bad
dialog: thing.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
speaker_heading: B 16/36
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: e Gqverse = 8:31 Fw
dialog: . 108.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: : MARYBETH
dialog: Maybe...
speaker_heading: PACEY .
text: He seems to have a reversal effect.
dialog: Maybe it could do the same for me.
speaker_heading: MARYBETH
dialog: No one sees you worse than you see
dialog: yourself.
text: Pacey breaks from his intensity. He looks to the exit doors.
text: Suddenly, puzzled. .
speaker_heading: : PACEY
dialog: How: come they're not coming in?
speaker_heading: MARYBETH
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: They could get in here if they really
dialog: wanted to. How come they're not coming
dialog: in?
speaker_heading: MARYBETH
dialog: Maybe because they're already in.
text: Something is strange about Marybeth's responses. Maybe it's
text: the fact she has completely lost her southern accent.
text: Pacey turns to her just as...
scene_heading: A HUGE, GROTESQUE TENTACLE
text: whips out at him in a lightning move...striking him, sending
text: -him tumbling down the bleachers. He lay hurt and stunned,
text: looking up to see...
speaker_heading: MARYBETH -
text: her left arm is no longer an arm. It's been replaced with a
text: huge, hideous tentacle.
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: No...
text: Pacey watches in UNSPEAKABLE HORROR as...
scene_heading: MARYBETEH TRANSFORMS
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 
dialog: 18/36
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: eS Gvees =O 831PM 14/36
dialog: 
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
text: Her body begins to shiver a moment. As feelers begin to seep
text: from her mouth, her eyes...every orifice as her head begins
text: to bulge...her neck stretching, elongating as her mouth opens
text: wide...wider giving way to something else.
scene_heading: FROM HER MOUTH
text: comes a bulbous matter. Suddenly her whole bedy begins to
text: gyrate and differentiate as her two arms stretch forward,
text: joining her legs as they push out and redefine themselves.
text: Her skin changes shape, color, texture...it becomes
text: gray...opaque.
text: Marybeth's head disappears into the neck of the thing giving
text: way to it's new incarnation. A rounded head with a huge
text: mouth with stickily feelers that slap about it.
text: A fold of skin lifts revealing three piercing eyes. The neck
text: expands then subsides, attached now to it's new body. A
text: torso connected to four worm-like legs.
text: Pacey watches in horrified silence as the Creature takes a
text: step towards him. It moves like a spider...scurrying down
text: the bleachers.
text: One of the THING'S tentacles lengthens, stretching out,
text: whipping up to the ceiling, to the rafters above the court.
text: It wraps around a beam and pulls.
text: The THING, like lightening, disappears into the rafters.
text: Pacey stands, staring up. Terrified. He watches at it moves
text: through the rafters, swinging from beam to beam. Pacey bolts
dialog: CO.se
scene_heading: INT. GYM ENTRANCE - SAME
text: He immediately sees Molly, sitting on the floor still tied
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: . MOLLY
dialog: Pacey? What's happening?
text: Pacey wastes no time. He runs to her, rips loose her
dialog: bindings. . .
speaker_heading: PACEY
text: It's coming. It's fucking Marybeth.
dialog: She's the mother.
text: Molly looks to the doors that lead to the gym. She hears
dialog: this loud noise. “
dialog: 
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Se Gqveses =O 831M By i336
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Pacey races to the doors. Slams against them. Molly, now
text: free, joins him.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Where are the keys?
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: Fucking Zeke has them.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: What do we do?
text: Pacey leads her to the gym door entrance.
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: . We gotta. find the others.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Pacey, I'm scared. .
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: c'mon.
text: Pacey leads her back into the darknes...into the...
scene_heading: INT. GYM - SAME
text: The gym is deadly quiet and dark. The THING could be
text: anywhere. Suddenly, THUMP behind them. Molly turns to see
text: something rushing her. A basketball comes bouncing out at
text: her from the darkness. She SCREAMS.
text: Then, another comes at Pacey. It rolls eerily by him. They
text: stand there tense and frightening. Another ball comes, this
text: is times fast and furious. It hits Pacey knocking him to the
text: ground, sending sliding across the floor.
text: Molly moves to him, reaches down to help him up when...
text: A LARGE TENTACLE WHIPS OUT OF THE DARKNESS grabbing her and
text: YANKING her entire body back where it came. It happens so
text: fast and sudden there isn't time for Pacey to register what
text: even happened. Only when he hears a final DEAFENING SCREAM
text: erupt from Molly does he know.
text: Pacey jumps to his feet, wasting no time. He peels out,
text: racing down a leng hallway that leads to other parts of the
dialog: athletic center.
dialog: curt TO:
dialog: 
scene_heading: . we za 1/2/98 YY 8:31 PM 0 12/36
dialog: 111.
scene_heading: INT. POOL AREA - SAME
text: Stokely and Stan hear a‘noise...they stop in their tracks.
text: It's a SLIGHT RUMBLING from above,
speaker_heading: STAN .
dialog: What was that? -
text: They look above when suddenly,
text: AN EXPLOSION ERUPTS ABOVE THEM.
text: The sound of splintered wood and crushing brick. Then,
text: movement above them. They look up to the dark rafters that
text: comprise the room's ceiling. They can hear something,
text: travelling, moving above them.
speaker_heading: STOKELY
dialog: What is it? Jesus, Stan, what is it?
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: I think it's IT--you know--just IT.
text: Stokely and Stan stand, paralyzed...petrified.
text: The CAMERA PANS to Stan to Stokely then back to Stan, then to
text: Stokely...then back again. Only this time Stan is gone.
text: He's just vanished.
dialog: I"
dialog: 
speaker_heading: STOKELY
dialog: Oh God.
text: She looks around. A sick feeling overcoming her.
speaker_heading: STOKELY
dialog: Stan? Stan?
text: It's as if he disappeared into thin air and then, from
dialog: above...
text: STAN'S BODY FALLS, hitting the floor with a sickening THUD.
text: Stokely SCREAMS, running to him.
text: Stan is dead, his body CRUSHED. Stokely looks down in horror
text: as more NOISE comes from above. Then, an ENORMOUS SPLASH
text: from the swimming pool. She turns to the pool. The water
text: rocks, but then stills.
speaker_heading: STOKELY
dialog: Oh God, no...
text: She runs to the exit door.’ She turns and BEATS. on the door.
text: It's chained and locked. It won't budge.
dialog: i
scene_heading: ° : : . . " (CONTINUED) j
dialog: 
dialog: a Gyvess = a3 PM
dialog: | 112.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Suddenly, something grabs her, spinning her around, she
dialog: SCREAMS to find...
speaker_heading: PACEY
text: horrified.
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: We gotta get outta here.
speaker_heading: STOKELY
dialog: How?
text: The move back toward the pool. Stokely doesn't notice the
text: tentacle that slewly strecthes across the swimming pool,
text: inching towards her, circling her ankle until...
speaker_heading: IT YANKS
text: Pulling her by the leg, dragging her into the swimming pool.
text: She SCREAMS, thrashing about, coming up for air. She locks
text: up to Pacey when behind her...
text: A HUGE SPLASH IS HEARD as the alien enters the pool with her.
text: Stokely treads in the center of the pool.
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: Hurry! Swim Stokely.
text: Stokely starts for the ladder. She moves, terrified, not
text: knowing where the alien lurks below her.
text: She almost makes it to the side when-Stokely is completely
text: dragged under. Pacey races to the side.
speaker_heading: PACEY (cont'd)
text: STORELYYYY!
text: A moment and then STOKELY'S HEAD POPS UP
text: in the middle of the pool. She's GAGGING and COUGHING.
text: Treading water...she looks about her. No sign of the Thing.
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: Swim.
text: Pacey looks about. He spots a barrel of pool chlorine
text: against the wall. He goes for it.
text: Stokely makes a break for it, her arms moving as fast as she
text: can. But she's having difficulty. The water appears thick
text: as long feelers have sprouted and taken over the pool.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 
speaker_heading: Biz
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 113.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
text: Stokely is terrified as she realizes this is very much like
text: the aquarium in Biology. She reaches the ladder at the side
text: of the pool. She steps up, crawling out when...
scene_heading: A HUGE TENTACLE APPEARS
text: wrapping itself around Stokely...
text: She holds onto the ladder for dear life. Pacey runs to her
text: aid, his arms outstretched, ripping open the chlorine
text: container, slinging it, sending it flying into the pool. He
text: reaches for Stokely...
text: just as the alien goes crazy, writhing and splashing around
text: in the pool. Large ocean waves whish about.
text: Stokely lie beside the pool, unconscious. Pacey moves to
dialog: her. .
speaker_heading: PACEY (cont'd)
dialog: Stoke? C'mon...Stoke...
text: She starts to come to. she lifts up, immediately terrified.
speaker_heading: PACEY (cont'd)
dialog: We gotta get outta here.
text: He helps her to her feet when the alien lunges out of the
text: pool and back into the rafters. It moves above them.
speaker_heading: PACEY (cont'd)
dialog: Runnnn...
text: They split up, going in different directions. Pacey spots
text: the Coach's office while Stokely makes a break for the locker
dialog: room.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE LOCKER ROOM
text: Stokely races through the locker room, passed rows and rows
text: of lockers. She reaches a corner, a dead-end. She stops
text: when she hears a...
text: CREAK! The sound of the locker room door opening. She hears
text: footsteps. Stokely goes deadly silent, listening. She sees
text: a shadow appear alongside a row of lockers. The shadow
text: appears to be a human figure.
speaker_heading: ZEKE
dialog: ‘Hello?
text: Stokely steps out.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: Wad] verve yon L900
dialog: 114.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
dialog: 
speaker_heading: STOKELY
dialog: Zeke, Over here.
text: Zeke comes forward. A SKAT pen in his hand. He looks to .
text: Stokely when Marybeth appears behind him, .
speaker_heading: MARYBETH
dialog: Watch out--it's her.
text: Zeke whips about. He's standing directly between the two of
text: them. He looks back to Stokely.
speaker_heading: STOKELY
dialog: No, don't believe her--it's her. She's
dialog: the one.
text: Marybeth stands in the darkness. She's nude.
speaker_heading: MARYBETH
dialog: She attacked me. She killed Stan.
dialog: Please Zeke.
text: Zeke turns to her.
speaker_heading: ZEKE
dialog: What's going on?
speaker_heading: STOKELY
dialog: Please, Zeke...it's her.
dialog: 
text: Zeke stands between the two, not knowing who to trust. He
text: whips back and forth between the two.
speaker_heading: MARYBETH
dialog: She's lying. She's trying to fake you
dialog: out. We don't know what she is? Gay?
dialog: Straight? Alien?
text: Marybeth stands calm and poised. Zeke takes nete.
speaker_heading: . ZEKE
dialog: Answer me something, Marybeth. Why are
dialog: you naked? ”
text: Marybeth eyes him. She steps more into the light.
speaker_heading: MARYBETH
dialog: Does it bother you, Zeke? My body...I'm
dialog: getting kinda used to it myself. Poor
dialog: Marybeth Louise Hutchinson. .She was all
dialog: alone. She lost her parents. I
text: identified with Her completely.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: : . . _ (CONTINUED )
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: wy Waa} 2798 Bs rte L973
dialog: 115.
speaker_heading: - CONTINUED: (4)
dialog: 
speaker_heading: . MARYBETH (cont'd)
dialog: Her world had collapsed in Atlanta and
dialog: she was looking for a new home. Very
dialog: much like me. I really like my new body,
dialog: Zeke. Do you like it? You must. You
dialog: ruined it for everyone, Zeke. When you
dialog: gave me the fake drug test--that was _
dialog: sweet of you to bond with me. It was so
dialog: typical of your species. So smart but
dialog: utterly incompetent. Will it work again,
dialog: Zeke? Do you like what you see?
text: Zeke can't help but stare at Marybeth's breasts as she runs
text: her hand along them, tracing them sensually. She takes a
text: step towards him.
speaker_heading: ZEKE
dialog: You fuckin' stay back.
speaker_heading: MARYBETH
dialog: Don't you want me, Zeke? I can feel your
dialog: hormones pulsating. Even in your worst
dialog: moment of fear you can't control them.
dialog: They have a life of their own.
text: Zeke moves back towards Stokely. He looks back te Marybeth
text: and she's gone.
dialog: t
speaker_heading: STOKELY
dialog: I told you.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ZEKE
dialog: Let's get the fuck outta here.
speaker_heading: STOKELY
dialog: Not so fast.
text: Just then, Stokely rips forward, mouth agape, a worm
text: protruding from it. Stokely's body lunges forward when Pacey
text: appears from behind, grabbing her, sending her body slinging
text: into a wire equipment cage. He leaps on the door, locking
dialog: it.
text: Inside, Stokely goes berserk, her body writhing about, hack
text: and forth clawing at the cage. Feelers have half sprout all
text: over her bedy. She looks hideous. >
text: Zeke turns to Pacey.
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: C'mon. Let's get Marybeth.
text: zeke holds up the Bic pen. |
dialog: 
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (5)
speaker_heading: ZEKE
dialog: Take it.
text: Pacey takes it.
speaker_heading: ZEKE (cont'd)
dialog: No, sniff it.
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: 
dialog: (Qi 2/98 & 8:31 eM
dialog: 116.
dialog: You're outta your mind. And I need mine.
speaker_heading: ZEKE
dialog: No, I'm not taking any fucking chances.
dialog: I leave for five minutes and everyone's a
dialog: fucking alien. Now if I have to MEN IN
dialog: BLACK your ass--you're gonna fucking
dialog: sniff this.
text: They don't have time to waste. Pacey grabs it, sniffs it.
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: Happy?
text: A moment as Zeke watches him. Closely.
text: from the other side of the locker..
speaker_heading: PACEY (cont'd)
dialog: Shit! She's back.
speaker_heading: Suddenly, a NOISE
text: They move down the row of lockers, not seeing the SHADOW
text: agaisnt the wall. It is Marybeth's SHADOW. But not for
text: long. The shadow changes shape. It goes from the femimine
text: figure of a young woman to the hideous grotesque creature in
dialog: seconds.
text: Pacey and Zeke move down a row of lockers when they hear
text: something moving around them.
speaker_heading: ZEKE
dialog: Where is it?
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: I don't know.
text: Pacey turns to look behind him, he's feeling groggy from the
dialog: drug.
speaker_heading: PACEY (cont'd)
dialog: Jesus! I'm fucking seeing two of
dialog: everything.
text: When he turns back around~-Zeke's gone.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: oy Byvess ©8351 Qevss
dialog: . 117.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (6)
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PACEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Zeke? Zeke?
text: Pacey moves around the corner of the lockers. He shakes his
dialog: head, trying to find sober clarity when... -
text: ZEKE'S BODY COMES FLYING AT HIM. They go SLAMMING into the
text: lockers, sliding to the floor. Pacey jumps up to see Zeke's
text: limp body on the floor. He leans down, checks Zeke out.
speaker_heading: PACEY (cont'd)
dialog: c'mon, buddy...get up.
text: Suddenly, a sweet Georgia accent fills the locker room.
speaker_heading: MARYBETE
dialog: Where are you, Pacey?
text: Pacey tries to quiet his TERRIFIED BREATHING.
speaker_heading: MARYBETH
dialog: Poor Pacey. The class wuss. Loser. His
text: little penis taped to the wall for all
dialog: the world to see.
text: A. SHADOW bounces across Pacey's face. He jumps up and moves
text: to another row of lockers, leaving Zeke. .
speaker_heading: MARYBETH
dialog: I can change all that, Pacey. You never
dialog: have to be afraid again. Think about it.
dialog: A life without fear. A society without
dialog: guns and violence and drugs. It'll be a
dialog: perfect world. Fearless,
dialog: 
text: She's getting to him. Pacey is losing it. He looks about
text: madly.
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: But you're afraid. That's why you're
dialog: here, isn't it? You didn't want to be
dialog: alone anymore, did you?
text: Silence. He's touched on a truth.
speaker_heading: MARYBETH
dialog: Please, Pacey. Be my new family.
text: Her voice is whimsical...sweet.
speaker_heading: PACEY -
dialog: No. I rather be afraid.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 
dialog: Se (vere = @asiee ysvse
dialog: , 118.
speaker_heading: — CONTINUED: (7)
speaker_heading: MARYBETH
dialog: Really? Is that what you want? To go
dialog: back to your poor, pathetic high school
dialog: existence? Let me change all of that.
dialog: Le me give you a new life. . -
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: I can take care of my cld one fine, thank
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: MARYBETH
dialog: Then have it your way.
speaker_heading: ON PACEY
text: Pacey listens. He starts out when he sees the Creature's
text: shadow move against a locker. He falls to his knees, trying j
text: to hide. Waiting. He watches, in silent horror, as the
text: Creature's neck elongates and its head rises up and over the
text: entire row of leckers.
text: The Thing knows he's there, its eyes pierce him. Pacey looks
text: up, sees it, then bols, shooting for the locker room door.
text: Pacey moves down a row of lockers. He sees Zeke's body
text: slumped in a heap on the floor. He goes to him. Spots the
text: Bic pen and grabs it when he hears an ENORMOUS MONSTEROUS .
text: WAIL ECHO through the locker room. Pacey stops in his
text: tracks, leaning against the equipment cage. Suddenly,
text: something grabs him from behind.
dialog: 
text: It's Stokely, still trapped in the cage.
speaker_heading: STORELY
dialog: He's over here.
text: Pacey tears through the locker room door and into...
scene_heading: INT. GYM - NIGHT - SAME
text: Pacey comes-bolting out of the locker room door, he doesn't
text: look back when the locker room door bursts apart at the
text: Creature's touch.
text: Pacey bolts, moving across the basketball court. He turns,
text: to see the Thing slithering across the floor. One of-it's
text: tentacles SLINGS forward, wrapping itself around Pacey's leg,
text: reeling him in. Pacey slides across the floor, KICKING and
text: SCREAMING. He loses the Bic pen as it drops to the floor.
text: His hands flail about as he tries to recover it. His body
text: squirms like a hooked fish,..until the Creature stands over
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED )
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: w laa) Verve Wiosrem L438
dialog: 11s.
speaker_heading: ro CONTINUED:
dialog: : .
dialog: 
text: Pacey lies directly underneath the Creature, it's four legs
text: on every side of him, caging him in. The Creature's head
text: appears on it's snake-like neck, twisting under and moving
text: close to Pacey's face. .
text: The Creature is face to. face with Pacey. It's slimy feelers
text: slap about, grazing his cheeks. Its mouth opens as two long
text: worm-like tongues spit out...
text: Pacey eyes the Creature's torso,..it's belly where the skin
text: is so translucent, you can see through it. Thousands of
text: small slugs swim about...some breaking the surface of the
text: skin, then diving back under like dolphins in the ocean.
text: Several fall onto Pacey. They disappear inside his clothing.
text: Pacey finds the Bic pen, he brings it up to the Creature's
text: eye, but the Creature dodges. Pacey misses. The slugs are
text: invading Pacey's body. He can feel them. He starts -
text: SCREAMING and WRITHING about. Pacey rolls away from the
dialog: Creature.
text: Pacey stands upright and runs, picking at the slugs imbedding
text: z his skin. The Creature charges for Pacey, tearing at
dialog: im.
dialog: ila .
text: A Pacey eyes the bleachers. He goes for them, diving under
text: them...hitting the electric lever on the wall as he goes.
speaker_heading: KABOOM!
text: The electric bleachers begin to close...recoiling up within
dialog: . each other.
scene_heading: UNDER THE BLEACHERS
text: Pacey races through the maze of metal that comprises the
text: underlining of the bleachers.
text: He sprints, dodging the steel braces as they snap flat around
text: him. He looks behind him to see...
dialog: THE CREATURE | . ~
text: right behind him, trafficking the folding bleachers as well.
text: Pacey runs the length of them, trying to get to the other
text: side before they close completely.
text: The bleachers are almost completely gone. Space is tight.
text: Pacey LEAPS in one final jolt of adrenaline. He makes it,
text: flying..SMASHING into the gym wall.
speaker_heading: us (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 4a verve (yy oot re Uss30
dialog: 120.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
text: He turns to see the Thing just as the last bleacher snaps
text: closed, SMASHING THE CREATURE FLAT. Only it's head escapes,
text: stretching forth, coming at Pacey, who meets it dead center
text: with the Bic pen, imbedding it, with warrior force, right in
text: the Creature's middle eye.
text: The Creature goes mad, it's head convulsing and shaking. An
text: unfathomed SCREAM erupting from IT'S mouth.
text: A long moment as the Creature finally comes to a
text: still...dead. Pacey looks down, the slugs on his body fall
text: away. Dead too.
text: Pacey stares a long hard moment until he's completely
text: satisfied the Creature is dead.
text: Then he rises to his feet. He goes racing toward the locker
dialog: room.
scene_heading: INT. LOCKER ROOM - SAME
text: Pacey moves to the equipment cage. He looks down to see
text: Stokely lying on the floor, unconscious. A dead slug lay at
text: her nostril.
text: Pacey unlocks it, moves inside, touches her.
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: Stoke?
text: Stokely stirs. She's alive.
speaker_heading: STOKELY
dialog: Jesus, Pacey-~-is it over?
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: Yeah. Are you okay?
speaker_heading: STOKELY
dialog: I think so. You can't feel them, Pacey.
dialog: When they're in you--you can't feel them.
dialog: You don't know they're there.
text: Stokely hugs Pacey. He helps her up when...
text: A BODY COMES CRASHING AGAINST THE CAGE.
text: Pacey and Stokely SCREAM in terror. They look up to see
text: Zeke, in pain, clutching his wounds.
text: Pacey smiles, happy to see him. They all share a moment,
text: looking at each other. . .
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: (ce cues
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ZEKE
dialog: Is it over?
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: Yeah. It's over. We won.
scene_heading: : STOKELY , ,
dialog: But how do you know for sure? - In the
dialog: book, we didn't win. ° .
speaker_heading: ZEKE
dialog: I think. it's time to read another kook.
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: Yeah, I'm with him. Change genzes. A
dialog: nice Danielle steele or Judith Krantz.
text: Zeke helps them out of the cage and as they move out of the.
text: locker room...Stokely stops them.
speaker_heading: STOKELY
dialog: I had it in me and I didn't know | it. How
dialog: would we know?
speaker_heading: ZEKE
dialog: If you don't know--what dees it matter?
text: They look at each other. . Intensely. Geke's last words
dialog: echoing.
scene_heading: EXT. JEBFERSOS HIGH SCHOOL — DAY _
text: . Another school day STUDENTS come and go. The school is
dialog: 
scene_heading: SUPERIMPOSE: ONE MOSTH LATER
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL CORRIDOR - SAME
text: The CAMERA comas upon TWO GIRLS waiting
text: in line at the water fountain.
text: A sea of students.
speaker_heading: GIRL #1
dialog: Zam so sick of those reporters hanging
dialog: around,
speaker_heading: GIRL #2
dialog: When are they going te find a new story?
dialog: They have milked our little high school
dialog: Massacre to death.
speaker_heading: [GIRL #2
dialog: Tell me about it.
text: -A boy is leaning down at the fountain, lapping up water.
text: It's Pacey. He stands upright, wiping his mouth. ‘They see
dialog: im.
speaker_heading: GIRL #2.
dialog: Rey, Pacey, you're fan club's outside ©
dialog: age
dialog: Network or local.
text: They shrug. Facey walks on.
speaker_heading: GIRL #1
dialog: He's. sO cute,
dialog: 
text: As he leaves he hears...
dialog: 
dialog: jaa
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: =
text: Pacey smiles, moving on. He sees Molly at her locker. He
text: comes up behind her, grabs her, spins her around. He plants
text: a huge kiss on her lips. She returns the kiss, .
dialog: ve - \
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: Hey, Molly, wanna catch a movie tonight?
speaker_heading: “MOLLY
dialog: sure,
text: She looks at him deep and hard. Facey moves in to kiss her
dialog: again. .
speaker_heading: PACEY
dialog: Great. -Seeya later.
text: He turns, moving down the hi
text: students as He goes. Molly
text: intense. Questionable.
text: CLOSE ON Pacey's face. It's very different now. Stronger.
text: More confident, Fearless even. He continues down the
dialog: hallway and...
speaker_heading: BLACKOUT!
dialog: saying hello ta different
dialog: tdhes him... Har face...
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
