speaker_heading: THE TATTOOIST
dialog: by
dialog: Matthew Grainger & Jonathan King
dialog: Revised 07/07/06
dialog: © Eyeworks Touchdown Ltd 2006
dialog: Eyeworks Touchdown Ltd
dialog: 5 Graham Street
dialog: Auckland
dialog: New Zealand
speaker_heading: BLACK SCREEN
text: Lilting Pacific Island music plays. The soft, rhythmic strum
text: of a guitar. Women SING a beautiful harmony.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. SINGAPORE BAR - EVENING 1
text: A luminous Pacific Island scene — palm trees, hula girls and
text: a crescent of golden sand that borders vibrant ocean,
text: illustrated 1950s style.
text: PULLING BACK to reveal a Pacific tapa cloth pattern bordering
text: a kitsch lamp-shade.
text: Black Sambuca swirls into a shot glass on a shiny black bar.
text: JAKE SAWYER, late 20s, handsome and haunted-looking, knocks
text: the shot back and slams the glass down.
text: IN A DARK CORNER OF THE BAR, Jake picks up a payphone
text: receiver. His fingers hover over the buttons, reluctant to
text: dial ... he hangs up.
text: Jake picks up a leather bag from beside his bar stool. As he
text: reaches down, we see a long, pale scar on his forearm.
scene_heading: EXT/INT. SINGAPORE STREETS/SEDAN - NIGHT 2
text: Rain hammers down as a dark Mercedes sedan rolls through
dialog: Singapore’s streets.
text: INSIDE, Jake watches the lights blur past the rain-streaked
text: glass. A CHAUFFEUR drives silently.
text: OUTSIDE, the bustle gives way to a more stately part of town,
dialog: the affluent Holland District.
scene_heading: EXT. MANSION - EVENING 3
text: The Mercedes pulls up outside an old property. The house
text: reeks of both old money and new. Expansive grounds fall away
text: into darkness beyond the haze of rain.
text: Jake steps out of the car. Thunder rolls overhead as he looks
text: up at the house.
scene_heading: INT. MANSION FOYER - NIGHT 4
text: The Chauffeur shows Jake into a marbled foyer. A staircase
text: sweeps up into darkness. Jake shivers.
text: A figure descends the stairs. MR LIM is silver haired and
text: slight. He looks like he hasn’t slept in weeks. He extends a
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: MR LIM
dialog: Edward Lim.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Jake Sawyer.
text: Jake shakes Mr Lim’s hand. As he does, we see that the back
text: of Jake’s hand is covered with intricate tattoos.
speaker_heading: MR LIM
dialog: Thank you for coming.
scene_heading: INT. MANSION LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 5
text: A well-appointed living room, mahogany and leather, pools of
text: shadow. Jake sits in an armchair, flipping through a worn-
text: looking leather journal. Mr Lim paces, wringing his hands.
speaker_heading: MR LIM
dialog: Have you ever encountered a bad
dialog: spirit, Mr Sawyer?
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: Almost every night.
speaker_heading: MR LIM
text: It is eating him from within. So
dialog: strong ... so hungry.
text: Unseen by Mr Lim, Jake rolls his eyes. He hands Mr Lim the
text: journal. We can’t see what’s on the page.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: This is what you need.
speaker_heading: MR LIM
dialog: (impressed)
dialog: How did you get this?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 5
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: (grins)
dialog: Ed, you worry about your karma, let
dialog: me worry about mine.
speaker_heading: MR LIM
dialog: It’s powerful?
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: (laying it on thick)
dialog: And strictly forbidden. I’m taking
dialog: a big risk giving this to him.
text: Mr Lim hands Jake an envelope. Jake looks inside.
speaker_heading: MR LIM
dialog: It is enough?
text: Jake's eyes glint in triumph: it’s more than enough.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Where is he?
scene_heading: INT. MANSION HALLWAY - NIGHT 6
text: Mr Lim leads Jake up a long, shadowy hallway. Jake approaches
text: the door as if this creepy setting is all in a day’s work.
text: Lim opens the door.
scene_heading: INT. MANSION BEDROOM - NIGHT 7
text: Jake steps into the room. Candles flicker, incense burns. The
text: walls and ceiling are scrawled with Chinese symbols.
text: A YOUNG BOY (13) sits up on the bed. He looks flu-ridden and
text: miserable. Breath rattles as his scrawny chest rises and
dialog: falls.
text: Seeing the child, Jake looks taken aback — clearly this
dialog: wasn’t what he expected.
text: From behind him, the sound of rapid, CRUNCHING FOOTSTEPS.
text: Jake turns —
scene_heading: EXT. SAWYER HOUSE - NIGHT - FLASHBACK 8
text: Footsteps crunch through snow.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 8
text: A slender teenager runs towards a dark house: YOUNG JAKE.
text: Behind him, a dark treeline. Out of breath, he looks back,
dialog: afraid —
scene_heading: INT. MANSION BEDROOM - NIGHT 9
text: Jake blinks. Mr Lim watches him from the doorway.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: You never said he was a kid.
text: He looks back at the sick boy.
speaker_heading: JAKE (CONT'D)
dialog: Have you seen a doctor?
speaker_heading: MR LIM
dialog: This isn’t something a doctor can
dialog: cure ... but you can. Can’t you?
text: Jake wrestles with this, then nods.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: If that’s the way you want to go.
speaker_heading: MR LIM
dialog: We must be prepared to do anything
dialog: for our loved ones. Even if it
dialog: causes them pain.
dialog: (to the boy)
dialog: This is the man I told you about.
dialog: He’s here to help us.
text: Jake sits down beside the boy, clearly uneasy.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Hey, kid. I’m Jake. What’s your
dialog: name?
text: The boy watches him, wide-eyed, fearful.
speaker_heading: JAKE (CONT’D)
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Strong and silent type, huh?
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Is this going to hurt?
text: Another flicker of guilt crosses Jake’s face.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 10
dialog: 11
dialog: 12
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 9
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Your Dad thinks it’s going to help
dialog: you get better.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: What do you think?
text: Jake meets the boy’s eyes, then looks away, unable to lie.
text: Jake opens his bag. A TATTOOIST’S NEEDLE is deftly assembled.
text: He skims through the notebook: images of hand-drawn symbols
text: flutter past.
text: Jake’s needle BUZZES. The tattoo takes shape under its point:
text: an ancient Thai symbol, lines etched with skill and
dialog: precision.
text: Jake wipes blood and ink from the child’s skin. He glances up
text: to see that the boy is sobbing quietly. His father holds the
text: boy's wrists tightly, his knuckles white. He whispers
text: desperate assurances to the boy in Malay.
text: Behind the boy’s sobs, a ROAR builds —
scene_heading: INT. SAWYER BASEMENT - NIGHT - FLASHBACK 10
text: Shivering with fear, Young Jake huddles against a cracked,
text: grimy mirror in a dark basement corner. Beside him an iron
text: boiler roars and rattles ... TIC-TIC-TIC-TIC ...
text: A DARK FIGURE looms, its reflection fragmented in the mirror.
text: A BLADE flashes, slices SKIN, BLOOD wells —
speaker_heading: Young Jake SCREAMS —
scene_heading: INT. MANSION HALLWAY - NIGHT 11
text: The scream seems to reverberate around the tight hallway as
text: Jake steps out of the bedroom, bag in hand. He looks back —
text: Beyond, Mr Lim kneels at his son’s bedside in prayer. Jake
text: turns away and strides up the hall, his expression grim.
speaker_heading: CUSTOMER (V.O.)
dialog: Hey ...
scene_heading: EXT. SINGAPORE TATTOO EXPO/JAKE’S BOOTH - DAY 12
text: The sprawling bustle of a convention, a multi-cultural
text: microcosm of booths, stages, showcases and tents.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 12
dialog: 6.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 12
text: A banner reads TATTOO EXPO 2007 in both English and Chinese.
text: Music booms.
text: Jake hesitates, needle hovering over a partially completed
text: tattoo around a skinny forearm. The design is striking,
text: tribal motifs in black ink.
speaker_heading: CUSTOMER
dialog: Hey!
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Huh?
text: His wiry Singaporean CUSTOMER looks up at him, nervous.
speaker_heading: CUSTOMER
dialog: I said, is this for real?
text: Jake slips effortlessly back into salesman mode:
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: You ever hear of a Dayak tribesman
dialog: with carpal tunnel syndrome?
text: Jake continues tattooing.
text: Behind them, a sign above Jake’s stall reads MYSTICAL TATTOOS
text: FOR PROTECTION AND WELL-BEING. Posters show ethnic designs
text: and their promised effect: GOUT, RHEUMATISM, HEMORRHOIDS and
dialog: more.
text: Ethnic tattooing tools decorate the walls, an attempt to lend
text: the display some credibility.
speaker_heading: CUSTOMER
dialog: Big night last night, huh?
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Nothing I can’t handle.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Jake stuffs his tools into his bag. He shoulders it, looks up
text: to see a figure watching him: MR LIM. If he looked sleep-
text: deprived the night before, he now looks positively zombified.
speaker_heading: MR LIM
dialog: Your tattoo did not work.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: It was just a tattoo.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 12
dialog: 13
dialog: 14
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 12
speaker_heading: MR LIM
dialog: Then the fault is yours.
text: Evasive, Jake looks around to see who might be listening.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Listen, you believe in I Ching,
dialog: Feng Shui or faery folk, that’s
dialog: your business ... but next time
dialog: your kid gets sick, you really want
dialog: him to get better, take him to a
dialog: doctor!
text: Jake pushes past Lim and disappears into the crowd. Mr Lim
text: stares after Jake, trembling with rage.
scene_heading: INT. SINGAPORE TATTOO EXPO - DAY 13
text: Jake glances back over his shoulder as he pushes through the
text: crowd. Mr Lim is still following him. Jake slips between two
dialog: booths —
text: Ahead is a large tent. TAP-TAP-TAP! The sound emanates from
text: darkness. TAP-TAP-TAP! Jake ducks inside.
scene_heading: INT. SAMOAN TENT - DAY 14
text: Jake stands in the shadows of the tent entrance, watching the
text: crowd pass by. No sign of Mr Lim. Behind him, the TAP-TAP-TAP
dialog: continues.
text: A young woman, SINA, watches Jake from the shadows of the
text: tent. She’s in her early 20s, beautiful, a red hibiscus
text: flower behind her ear.
text: Her eyes travel to the scar on his arm.
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: Can I help you?
text: Jake turns to see her. In awe and off-guard, he struggles to
dialog: find his voice:
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: I don’t know. Maybe.
speaker_heading: ALIPATI (0.S.)
dialog: Sina!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 14
dialog: 8.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 14
text: Sina disappears into the darkness of the tent, towards the
text: source of the sound. Jake watches after her ... then follows.
text: The main area of the tent is bathed in the soft glow of
text: candlelight. Soft Pacific dub plays from an old boom-box.
text: Jake steps forward, captivated ...
text: SEMO (early 20s) lies half-naked amid the other men. An
text: incredible tattoo in progress spreads across his buttocks and
text: down his legs: THE PE’A, a traditional Samoan tatau. The
text: tattooist leans over him. ALIPATI’s lean body is coiled like
text: a spring, shining with sweat.
text: Sina sits down beside Semo and begins to massage his temples.
text: She whispers in his ear, soothing.
text: Dark ink is poured, thick like blood. A bone tool is dipped.
text: Skin is stretched taut. One of the onlookers, PENI, holds
text: Semo’s skin taut for Alipati —
text: TAP-TAP-TAP! Another tool falls and black ink spatters, then
text: is wiped away to reveal the vivid lines of tatau beneath. A
text: general sense of calm, of serene concentration.
text: Jake's eyes pick up other details: a single tear runs down
text: Semo’s cheek. The ragged hitch of his breathing. Alipati
text: leans to whisper in Semo’s ear:
speaker_heading: ALIPATI (CONT'D)
dialog: Time out, brutha.
text: Semo moves to sit up, leans on Alipati for support.
text: Their heads touch and they share each other’s breath, before
text: Semo nods and manages to sit up. Jake watches this exchange
dialog: of trust, astonished — he’s never seen a tattooing experience
dialog: shared so powerfully.
text: Sina watches as Jake takes this all in, enjoying the
text: impression the display is making.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: (impressed)
dialog: Jesus.
text: Alipati looks up, notices Jake.
speaker_heading: ALIPATI
dialog: You looking for him, you got the
dialog: wrong tent.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 14
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 14
text: Alipati gets to his feet. His full pe’a wraps around his
text: thighs and torso, dazzling in its intricacy, the spaces
text: between the ink luminous in the golden light.
speaker_heading: ALIPATI (CONT’D)
dialog: Flash tats, bro — got something to
dialog: prove?
text: Jake nods towards Alipati’s tatau.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: What about you?
speaker_heading: ALIPATI
dialog: You get the pe’a, you don’t gotta
dialog: prove nothing to anyone, ever
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: This is from the South Pacific,
dialog: right?
speaker_heading: ALIPATI
dialog: Samoan tatau, outta Auckland.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: New Zealand?
text: Jake looks around. A DISPLAY of ancient tattooing TOOLS, bone
text: and wood bound with flax, is carefully arranged on a tapa
text: cloth draped over a desk to one side. They look as though
dialog: they haven’t been used for many years.
text: Jake picks up a bone tool from the display at peers at it.
text: The points are needle-sharp.
speaker_heading: JAKE (CONT’D)
dialog: Do they have any medicinal value?
dialog: You know, protection, healing, that
dialog: kind of thing?
speaker_heading: ALIPATI
dialog: (scoffs)
dialog: You mean like ‘Tattoos for
dialog: Protection and Wellbeing’?
text: Jake grins, good-natured but nevertheless defensive.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Hey, a man’s got to make a living.
text: Alipati approaches Jake, his gaze intense.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 14
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 14
speaker_heading: ALIPATI
dialog: This ain’t just a living. You get
dialog: the pe’a to honour the spirits of
dialog: your tupuaga, who wore it before
dialog: you. You get it to honour your
dialog: father. And your father’s father.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: What if your father isn’t worth
dialog: honouring?
text: Alipati narrows his eyes, nods, as if Jake has just given
text: away some crucial detail. Sina watches, interested.
text: Jake takes a step back as Alipati leans in close, his voice
dialog: soft, emphatic:
speaker_heading: ALIPATI
dialog: The pain of the tatau, it changes
dialog: you. You breathe into it, accept
dialog: it, learn from it. Only then can
dialog: you find a way through.
text: Alipati’s hand snaps out and grabs Jake’s wrist, turns it
text: over to reveal the livid scar on Jake’s inner arm. Alipati
text: nods, as though the scar confirms his suspicions about Jake:
speaker_heading: ALIPATI (CONT’D)
dialog: You know what I’m talking about.
dialog: You seen pain. Only, you ain’t
dialog: found a way through yours, eh?
text: These words strike Jake, seem to sink in ... then
text: defensiveness kicks in. He tries to pull away.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: I’m just looking for some styles to
dialog: do.
speaker_heading: ALIPATI
dialog: That ain’t all you’re looking for.
dialog: (beat)
text: Sometimes it’s right in front of
dialog: your eyes, brutha. You just gotta
dialog: open them.
text: Jake yanks his arm from Alipati’s grip, eyes blazing with
text: anger. Alipati smirks and turns away, as if unsurprised by
text: Jake's reaction.
text: Jake turns to leave, fuming.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 14
dialog: 15
dialog: 16
dialog: 1.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4) 14
speaker_heading: ALIPATI (CONT’D)
dialog: (his back to Jake)
text: It was a rose. With a barb wire
dialog: stem.
text: Jake freezes for a moment, eyes wide ... then steps out of
dialog: the tent.
scene_heading: INT. SINGAPORE TATTOO EXPO - DAY 15
text: Outside the tent, Jake looks down — he still holds the bone
text: and wood tool he was looking at before.
text: With a last glance back towards the tent, he stuffs it into
text: his pocket and strides away.
scene_heading: INT. SINGAPORE BAR - EVENING 16
text: Jake is back in his spot at the bar, a shot of Sambuca in
text: front of him. Behind him, the post-convention crowd is a blur
text: of leather, ink and pierced flesh under black-light and neon.
text: Jake seems disconnected from the world, his expression
text: distant as he toys absently with the tool he stole. Despite
text: the crowd, he is alone.
text: A heavily-tattooed middle-aged man leans over.
speaker_heading: TATTOOED PUNTER
dialog: Lemme guess — tattoo me with that
dialog: and my dick’1l grow four inches
dialog: overnight?
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: You never know.
text: Jake turns away ... to see Mr Lim pushing through the bar
text: towards him. He looks for an exit, but he’s cornered.
speaker_heading: JAKE (CONT’D)
dialog: Look, what do you want — a refund?
speaker_heading: MR LIM
dialog: If you don’t believe, your actions
dialog: have no power. They can cause ...
dialog: only pain.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Don’t talk to me about pain.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: 16 CONTINUED: 16
speaker_heading: MR LIM
dialog: My son died this morning.
text: This hits Jake like a hammer. He looks away, trying to make
dialog: sense of this.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: He’s ... dead?
speaker_heading: MR LIM
dialog: Now do you understand what you've
dialog: done?
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: (weakly)
dialog: God, I’m sorry ...
speaker_heading: MR LIM
dialog: You will be.
text: Jake looks down —
text: The blade of a knife flicks open, catches the light —
text: Jake stumbles back against the bar, crashing into other
dialog: patrons.
text: Jake scrabbles for purchase ... he falls, bringing the
text: Polynesian lamp from the bar crashing down with him ... POP!
text: The bulb shatters and the lamp goes dark.
text: His point made, Mr Lim stands over Jake and looks down on
text: him. On the floor, Jake looks wretched, at the end of the
dialog: line.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Go on, then ... do it.
text: Lim’s anger seems to fade, leaving only pity for Jake.
speaker_heading: MR LIM
dialog: Perhaps a man who believes in
text: nothing is already dead.
text: Mr Lim pushes away through the crowd.
text: Jake looks up, dazed, to see patrons staring down at him.
text: Among them is the Tattooed Punter — he shakes his head in
text: disgust and turns away.
text: Jake frowns, noticing —
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 16
dialog: 17
dialog: 18
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 16
text: BLOOD drips from his clenched fist. He opens it to reveal the
text: Samoan tool. Its needle points have bitten deep into his
dialog: palm.
text: The noise of the bar is pushed into the distance. TAP-TAP-TAP
text: ... TAP-TAP-TAP! The sound of the Samoan tattooist at work.
text: Polynesian voices united in song, strangely menacing.
text: We PUSH IN on the lamp lying on its side next to Jake,
text: towards its now dark scene of Pacific kitsch. The sounds of
dialog: tatau in progress intensify ...
scene_heading: INT. DREAM — VARIOUS 17
text: TAP-TAP-TAP! Samoan tattooing tools work dark skin, leaving
text: their dense pattern of ink and blood. A distinctive tapa
text: cloth design. Beyond, flax matting disappears into shadow.
scene_heading: TAP-TAP-TAP!
text: JAKE'S NEEDLE etches the last of the Chinese symbol onto Mr
text: Lim’s son. The young boy’s eyes are open, bloodshot, glazed
text: and dilated. Dead.
text: YOUNG JAKE huddles in the shadows. The boiler’s ticking is
text: indistinguishable from the sound of the tattooing tools. The
text: dark figure looms.
speaker_heading: DARK FIGURE
dialog: You’ve brought shame on our house.
text: A KNIFE BLADE glows red-hot against the boiler.
speaker_heading: ALIPATI (0.S.)
dialog: (distant, distorted)
dialog: You seen pain. Only, you ain’t
dialog: found a way through yours ...
text: The movement of the tattooing tools becomes frenzied. A fist
text: clenches in pain ... blood flows ... TAP-TAP-TAP! The lines
text: of pe’a are black, vivid — graphic patterns wrap around the
text: curve of a body in extreme close up —
speaker_heading: ALIPATI (0.S.) (CONT’D)
dialog: (distant, distorted)
text: Sometimes it’s right in front of
dialog: your eyes, brutha. You just gotta —
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT 18
text: Jake opens his eyes.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 18
dialog: 19
dialog: 20
dialog: 21
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 18
text: The TAPPING of the tools swirls around him as he sits bolt
text: upright on his bed in a shitty, neon-lit hotel room. His
text: chest heaving, Jake looks across to the bedside table, and
dialog: the tool he stole from the Samoans.
scene_heading: INT. SINGAPORE TATTOO EXPO - NIGHT 19
text: Booths are being dismantled and packed away. Jake appears at
text: a run. He reaches the spot where the Samoan tent was and
text: stops, out of breath.
text: The tent is gone. Jake looks down, to the Samoan tool held in
text: his hand.
text: Fading in, the roar of JET ENGINES ...
scene_heading: EXT. AUCKLAND AIRPORT - DAY 20
text: A plane thunders towards the tarmac, landing gear impacting
text: with a squeal.
text: A fully tattooed Maori warrior looks down from a massive sign
dialog: that reads: Haere mai ki te whenua o Aotearoa — Welcome to
dialog: New Zealand.
text: Jake looks up at the sign, impressed. Behind him, the bustle
text: of travellers arriving and departing. Jake heads for a line
text: of waiting taxis.
scene_heading: EXT. TAXI STAND - DAY 21
text: A TAXI DRIVER holds the boot of the car open for Jake to load
text: his bags. A swirling Moko design encircles one of his
text: forearms.
text: Jake pulls a LANGUAGES OF THE SOUTH PACIFIC phrasebook from
text: the pocket of his bag and looks up a word:
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Talofa.
speaker_heading: TAXI DRIVER
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: Kia ora.
text: Jake looks blankly at him.
speaker_heading: TAXI DRIVER (CONT'D)
dialog: (grins)
dialog: I’m Maori. Not Samoan.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 21
dialog: 22
dialog: 23
dialog: 24
dialog: 25
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 21
text: Jake nods, confused. The driver SLAMS the boot closed —
scene_heading: INT/EXT. TAXI/CENTRAL AUCKLAND STREET - DAY 22
text: A car horn BLARES. SUVs and sedans fight for space, alongside
text: a multicultural pedestrian tide.
text: Jake watches from inside a taxi. A glimpse of Ta Moko here, a
dialog: Samoan tattoo design there — every variation on contemporary
text: tattooing, worn openly with pride.
scene_heading: INT. JAKE'S APARTMENT - VARIOUS - DAY 23
text: SLAM! The door closes behind Jake. He stands in an empty
text: motel-style apartment. A short hallway leads towards the
text: bedroom. Jake puts down his bags.
text: Jake slides open the drawer of the bedside table, grabs the
text: BIBLE that lies inside. He throws it in the trash.
text: Jake shaves. Smart-casual clothes hit the bed. Jake buttons
text: his shirt.
text: Jake picks up the Samoan tool from the kitchen benchtop. He
text: looks down at it, considering ... then puts the tool ina
text: drawer and heads for the door.
scene_heading: EXT. BEDLAM TATTOO STUDIO - DAY 24
text: Elaborate signage announces BEDLAM in stylised, manga-style
text: script. Below, the entrance to what could only be one fucking
text: cool tattoo studio. Jake looks up at the sign.
scene_heading: INT. BEDLAM TATTOO STUDIO - DAY 25
text: Extensive mirrors create an illusion of depth. TATTOO ARTISTS
text: laugh, joke, dance to Japanese punk. The blacks and greys of
text: the decor extend to the tattoos, which seem accomplished but
text: soulless, generic McTattoos for trendsetters.
text: Jake looks around, impressed.
speaker_heading: CRASH (0.S.)
dialog: Son of a bitch.
text: Jake turns to see CRASH (mid-30s), American, heavily-tattooed
text: and dressed in designer cool.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: 25 CONTINUED: 25
speaker_heading: CRASH (CONT'D)
dialog: You got some serious balls.
text: Jake meets Crash’s glare. The murmur of conversation quells.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Come on, Crash ... forgive and
dialog: forget, huh?
text: One of Crash’s tattooists, CANINE, approaches, concerned.
speaker_heading: CANINE
dialog: Crash ...?
speaker_heading: CRASH
dialog: (to Canine)
dialog: My first studio. Apple of my eye.
dialog: This little fucker steals a design
dialog: off my wall.
text: Embarrassed silence. Jake returns Crash’s gaze, clearly
dialog: guilty of this offence.
speaker_heading: CRASH (CONT'D)
dialog: Tattoos some South Central hip-hop
dialog: who-the-fuck-is-this-guy, next
dialog: thing I know they’re jerking each
dialog: other off over my fucking design in
text: a sidebar on page seventeen of
dialog: Tattooist Magazine.
dialog: Guilty again.
speaker_heading: CRASH (CONT'D)
dialog: Then he trashes my Porsche ...
dialog: Jake frowns — eh?
speaker_heading: CRASH (CONT'D)
dialog: ... fucks my dog, steals my AmEx
dialog: and spends up big at Saks Fifth
dialog: Avenue.
dialog: (starts to grin)
dialog: Lingerie department.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: My mother’s size.
text: Jake’s grinning now too. Crash opens his arms.
speaker_heading: CRASH (CONT'D)
dialog: C’mere.
text: Jake hugs Crash. The onlookers laugh and return to work.
dialog: 26
dialog: 17.
scene_heading: INT. BEDLAM OFFICE - DAY 26
text: A TATTOOIST MAGAZINE image of a younger Jake mugging
text: alongside a tattooed black man in a baseball cap and bling.
text: Jake and Crash sit on comfortable-looking couches in Crash’s
text: impeccably-designed designer office, the magazine open on the
text: coffee table in front of them. Crash is on a roll.
speaker_heading: CRASH
dialog: The Pacific, it’s the heartland of
text: tattooing — the wellspring, the
dialog: source. The word ‘tattoo’ ... they
dialog: invented it, the Samoans, the
dialog: Fijians, those guys. It’s the
dialog: wellspring — I say that already?
dialog: And that’s good for my brand value
dialog: .-».- hell, I just traded in the
dialog: Boxster for a Bentley. But it don’t
dialog: make it any of your business.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: CRASH
dialog: Cause it’s not in your blood. This
dialog: guy Alipati — he’s hard-core, you
dialog: know that, right? He ain’t just
dialog: gonna hand generations of tradition
dialog: down to some kid from Buttfuck,
dialog: Minnesota who thinks he’s had some
dialog: kind of epiphany.
text: Jake looks away, frustrated.
speaker_heading: CRASH (CONT’D)
dialog: Anyway, the old Jake wouldn’t have
dialog: asked — he’d have just stolen the
text: designs and made out like he’d been
dialog: doing Samoan tattoos his whole
dialog: life.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: (grins)
dialog: Was the old Jake that much of an
dialog: asshole?
speaker_heading: CRASH
dialog: I kind of liked him. Egocentric.
dialog: Pissed off. Self-destructive ...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 26
dialog: 27
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 26
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Should've been around when he went
dialog: downhill.
speaker_heading: CRASH
dialog: You know, the only thing that sets
text: one tattoo apart from another is
dialog: the guy doing the work. Skill -
dialog: that’s what matters.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Come work for me again.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: That’s not what I came here for,
dialog: Crash.
speaker_heading: CRASH
dialog: Give me two days a week. I’1l throw
text: in the company car.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Crash —
speaker_heading: CRASH
dialog: The Samoans ain’t gonna teach you
dialog: shit, bet you anything you want.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Can you get me his address or not?
scene_heading: EXT. BEDLAM TATTOO STUDIO - DAY 27
text: Jake gets into the back of another taxi. A SAMOAN DRIVER is
text: behind the wheel.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Kia ora.
speaker_heading: SAMOAN DRIVER
dialog: Can’t you tell a hori from a
dialog: coconut, boss?
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: SAMOAN DRIVER
dialog: I’m Samoan. We say talofa. Where
dialog: you going?
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Otara.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 27
dialog: 28
dialog: 29
dialog: 30
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 27
text: The driver grins as he slams the taxi into gear and pulls out
dialog: into traffic.
speaker_heading: SAMOAN DRIVER
dialog: Home sweet home.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. TAXI/OTARA STREETS - DAY 28
text: Jake stares out at the passing landscape.
text: Outside the window, the heart of Auckland’s Pacific Island
text: community offers sharp contrast to the roar of downtown
dialog: Auckland.
text: We pass people on the street, booming hip-hop, roaring cars.
text: Pylons tower overhead. From the corrugated iron roofs to the
dialog: flowers and Pacific-style clothes, everywhere we look, the
text: landscape seems to burst with the colour of life.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. TAXI/OTARA MARKETS - AFTERNOON 29
text: The taxi pulls up at the edge of a car-park behind Otara
text: shopping centre. The wide expanse of concrete is crowded with
text: colourful stalls and vendors, bustling with people.
text: The TAXI DRIVER nods towards the market.
speaker_heading: TAXI DRIVER
dialog: In there.
text: Jake follows his gaze, nervous.
scene_heading: EXT. OTARA MARKETS - AFTERNOON 30
text: Jake heads through the dense throng of the market. He looks
text: around, lost, then glimpses —
text: A red flower. A few metres away, Sina talks to an OLD SAMOAN
text: WOMAN at a fruit stall, the red flower in her hair. Jake
text: watches, mesmerised, as she laughs and hugs the woman, then
text: walks away.
text: Jake follows. Passersby jostle him as he pushes against the
text: flow of the crowd. Jake darts between stalls into another,
text: identical row. He spins, trying to get his bearings. The
text: bustling maze of the market closes in on him, trinkets
dialog: clothes and fruit stalls ...
speaker_heading: SINA (0.S.)
dialog: Lost?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 30
dialog: 31
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 30
text: Jake turns to see Sina watching him.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: I was.
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: (she points)
dialog: I think Singapore’s back that way.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Actually, I was looking for you.
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: For me?
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Your friends, I mean ... you and
dialog: your friends.
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: Maybe we should go before you buy
dialog: something you regret.
text: She leads him through the market, a familiar sound floats
text: above the others: TAP-TAP-TAP ... TAP-TAP-TAP!
scene_heading: INT/EXT. ALIPATI’S GARAGE - DAY 31
text: A back corner of the market, where canvas stalls give way to
text: the backs of shops and storage areas.
text: In one of them, Alipati works, his back to Jake. Semo, who we
text: saw being worked on in Singapore sits at the head of another
text: a young man being tattooed, OPETA, muttering encouragement.
text: Peni and the other guys from the expo hang out on folding
text: chairs and mats.
speaker_heading: PENI
dialog: Your girlfriend’s here, cuz.
text: Alipati notices Jake and Sina and sighs.
speaker_heading: ALIPATI
dialog: Every expo, there’s some palagi
dialog: wants to be down with the brown.
text: He gets to his feet as Jake steps nervously to the entrance
text: of the stall, a tattooing tool in his hand. He glares at
text: Sina. She shrugs.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 31
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Laughter.
dialog: 21.
dialog: 31
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: That stuff I said, I —
speaker_heading: ALIPATI
dialog: You came all the way to Otara to
dialog: apologise? Those suckers must pay
dialog: you heaps.
text: Jake looks around nervously.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: You said what I was looking for was
dialog: right in front of me ... I didn’t
dialog: understand. But I do now, and all
dialog: that other bullshit, it’s finished.
dialog: I want something real ... I want
dialog: you to teach me.
speaker_heading: ALIPATI
dialog: That what you thought I meant?
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Ever since Singapore, I’ve been
dialog: thinking about it ... dreaming
dialog: about it ...
speaker_heading: ALIPATI
dialog: I told you, tatau is about more than
dialog: a living. It don’t start here —
text: (holds up the tool, then
dialog: taps his chest)
dialog: It starts here.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: I know. I’m ready.
speaker_heading: ALIPATI
dialog: It ain’t skills you need, brother.
text: Alipati turns away.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: But I’ve come a long way!
speaker_heading: ALIPATI
dialog: Not from what I can see.
text: Jake watches Alipati, helpless. He sighs and turns away.
text: Sina watches as Jake disappears into the market crowd.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 31
dialog: 32
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 31
speaker_heading: ALIPATI (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Sina)
dialog: You should know better, bringing
dialog: him here.
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: I don’t know ... there’s something
dialog: 
dialog: about him, Ali.
dialog: others.
dialog: He’s not like the
text: Alipati looks at her sharply.
speaker_heading: ALIPATI
dialog: You want to go down that road,
dialog: Sina? Your uncle ain’t gonna like
dialog: it, that’s for sure ...
text: Sina nods — he’s got that right.
speaker_heading: ALIPATI (CONT’D)
dialog: --. and neither do I.
text: Sina meets his gaze ... then runs to catch up with Jake.
text: Alipati watches after her, concerned.
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: Wait up!
scene_heading: EXT. OTARA STREETS - LATE AFTERNOON 32
text: Jake and Sina walk side by side through suburban streets.
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: Alipati’s old-school, traditional.
text: They say he can see a tatau before
dialog: he does it. That the spirits tell
dialog: him what’s supposed to be there.
text: Jake looks down at his scar.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Or what was.
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: Tatau's his life — he thinks it’s
dialog: up to him to protect it.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: From what?
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: From guys like you.
dialog: 33
dialog: 23.
scene_heading: EXT. MR VA’A’S HOUSE - EVENING 33
text: A weatherboard state house among other weatherboard state
text: houses. A large hibiscus bush dominates the front of the
text: house. Jake follows Sina up the path towards the door. He
text: looks across —
text: Inside the house next-door, an elderly Samoan woman covers a
text: mirror with tapa cloth.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: What’s she doing?
speaker_heading: SINA
text: She's covering the mirror for the
dialog: night so bad spirits don’t get her.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Are you serious?
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: I lived with my Grandma for a while
dialog: in Apia. There was all sorts of
dialog: things we weren't allowed to do.
dialog: Whistling inside, brushing your
dialog: hair or laughing at night.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: And you believe all that stuff?
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: Maybe. I mean, I go to church. But
dialog: Alipati’s taught me a lot about the
dialog: old ways.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Best of both worlds, huh?
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: For now.
text: They arrive at the porch.
speaker_heading: SINA (CONT’D)
dialog: Why did you come here, Jake? To
dialog: learn tatau from Alipati?
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: I’ve done things I’m not proud of.
dialog: And meeting you guys ... it felt
dialog: like —
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: 33 CONTINUED: 33
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: What, fate?
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: That’s not what I —
text: She takes his hand, runs her fingertips across his scar.
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: A guy with a scar like this has to
dialog: believe in something, right?
text: Their eyes meet. Then Jake pulls his arm away.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Talk to Alipati for me?
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: Jake ...
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: I don’t want to take it away from
dialog: him. It’s his art, and I respect
dialog: that. All I want to do is watch,
dialog: and learn.
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: (at last)
dialog: Okay.
text: Jake grins.
speaker_heading: SINA (CONT'D)
dialog: Now if my uncle comes home from
text: church and finds a palagi boy on
dialog: the doorstep, he’1ll kick me all the
text: way back to Sa. Literally.
text: Sina disappears inside.
text: Jake looks along the side of the house. The back garden looks
text: immaculate, lush, wild with banana palms and flowers. A
text: corrugated iron shed is visible, brooding in the darkness.
text: Sina reappears.
speaker_heading: SINA (CONT’D)
dialog: Give me a couple of days, I’1l talk
dialog: to him. But come see me at work,
dialog: okay? Not round here.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 33
dialog: 34
dialog: 35
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 33
text: She hands Jake a piece of paper, then takes the red flower
text: from her hair and hands it to him, before closing the door.
text: Jake grins, then starts down the path.
text: TAP-TAP-TAP. Jake pauses, listening. TAP-TAP-TAP.
scene_heading: EXT. GARDEN - NIGHT 34
text: TAP-TAP-TAP. Jake approaches the shed and cups his hand
text: against a dark window. The sound emanates from the darkness
dialog: inside.
text: The sound of a car pulling up. Headlights sweep across the
text: lawn. Jake looks around — where to run?
text: A car door SLAMS. CRUNCH ... CRUNCH ... CRUNCH ... the heavy
text: tread of a man coming up the path towards the house.
text: Jake backs slowly around the side of the shed. A MACHETE
text: leans against the shed wall. Jake kicks it over. The blade
text: clatters against the corrugated iron. Jake freezes.
text: A dark shape on the path — a huge man, his head cocked,
text: massive hands hanging by his sides. He strides towards the
text: shed and pushes the door open.
text: MR VA‘A stands in the shed doorway and peers into the
text: darkness. He wears a faitaga and churchgoing jacket, with a
text: silver crucifix around his neck. Mere inches away, Jake
text: cowers against the shed wall.
text: Mr Va‘a closes the door behind him and heads into the house.
text: The door SLAMS behind him. Jake sighs with relief.
text: PAT-PAT. PAT. Jake looks down ... droplets of fresh blood hit
text: the grass. The wound on his palm is bleeding.
text: TAP-TAP-TAP! The tattooing sound again, from inside. Jake
text: peers through the window ...
scene_heading: INT. SHED - NIGHT — DREAM 35
text: The darkness through the shed window becomes a tunnel, dim
text: candlelight in the distance.
text: A man lies face-down on flax mats, moaning softly. A
text: silhouette crouches over him, bony hands working tattooing
dialog: tools: TAP-TAP-TAP!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 35
dialog: 36
dialog: 37
dialog: 38
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 35
text: A partially-completed pe’a design on the man’s back ... the
text: long, sharp points of an ulalei, a ceremonial necklace of
dialog: whale-tooth ...
text: Something’s wrong. The man gasps, his breath a deathly
text: rattle. The song begins to waver and crackle, as though
text: playing off an old record. The tattoo cracks and festers as
text: fresh lines split and weep. The ulalei is streaked with blood
dialog: and ink.
text: The recipient turns his head — it’s Jake! The hammering
text: intensifies and he tries to ward off the blows. Mighty CLANGS
text: continue as tattooed skin ruptures ... blood and ink run
text: together ... Jake gasps for breath.
text: Blood blooms ... a red hibiscus ... the blood clouds outwards
text: -+. a horribly bloodshot eye, its pupil fixed and dilated.
text: Jake tries to pull away from the blows. The images merge and
text: shift ... the tattooist, the rose tattoo, Mr Lim’s son’s dead
text: eyes, the nightmare pe’a in progress, the ink, the ulalei,
text: the blood, the hibiscus flower —
speaker_heading: Jake SCREAMS —
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT BEDROOM - NIGHT 36
text: Jake sits up in bed, breathing hard. Lights from the street
text: dance through the shadows. He opens his hand ... to find
text: Sina’s red hibiscus flower, crushed against dried blood on
text: his palm.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT BATHROOM - NIGHT 37
text: A small bathroom with a large mirror. Behind Jake, a shower
text: alcove with a frosted glass door. He bandages his hand, then
text: fills a glass with water.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT BEDROOM - DAWN 38
text: The first pale rays of dawn creep into the bedroom.
text: A MURMURING UNDERCURRENT of the dream’s cacophony. Jake sits
text: on the bed, deep in thought, his gaze fixed on —
text: The red hibiscus, its stem resting in the glass of water, on
text: the bedside table. As the dawn creeps towards it, its petals
text: begin to revive.
dialog: 39
dialog: 27.
scene_heading: INT. BEDLAM TATTOO STUDIO - DAY 39
text: The sound of buzzing needles fills the air. Crash heads
text: towards an empty workspace, the Tattooist Magazine in hand.
text: Crash tears out the page with Jake on it and tapes it to the
text: mirror, then turns to Jake with a smile of triumph.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Crash, take that down ...
speaker_heading: CRASH
dialog: There’s the book.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: No original designs?
speaker_heading: CRASH
dialog: Get to work.
text: He points. Jake looks across to see LUKE, a Singaporean
text: teenager (18), cool but nerdishly so.
text: Nearby, a young Singaporean woman checks out the images of
text: Bedlam’s work. This is VICTORIA (early 20s). She’s attractive
text: and wearing what looks like a conservatively pretty dress.
text: Jake approaches Luke.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Hey, I’m Jake.
text: Victoria turns, holds out her hand.
speaker_heading: VICTORIA
dialog: Victoria.
text: Jake is taken aback to see graphic tattoos snaking out from
text: under her dress.
speaker_heading: VICTORIA (CONT'D)
dialog: Crash says you could be the next
dialog: big thing.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Which one of you guys ...
speaker_heading: VICTORIA
dialog: (points to Luke)
dialog: Oh, Luke, my cousin. Sorry ... Do
dialog: you mind if I watch? Check out your
dialog: stuff?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 39
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 39
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: (uncomfortable)
dialog: Okay.
text: Luke holds out the Bedlam design book, open to a page. Jake
text: glances at it, then takes the book and closes it.
speaker_heading: VICTORIA
dialog: Aren’t you gonna use the book?
text: Jake pulls on his latex gloves.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: You want something cool or not?
text: Luke grins.
speaker_heading: JAKE (CONT'D)
dialog: This is gonna hurt. You man enough?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I’m eighteen ... on Saturday.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Then I guess you got nothing to
dialog: worry about.
text: Jake smiles at Victoria. She smiles back, clearly infatuated.
text: Jake's needle begins to BUZZ ... an outline emerges,
text: geometric shapes ... then deep blocks of colour, richly
dialog: shaded.
text: Victoria watches Jake intently. His eyes flick to her,
text: conscious of her attention, acknowledging it. Busted,
text: Victoria looks away.
text: Finally, Jake snaps off his rubber gloves. He steps back to
text: admire the finished design. It’s discreet but stunning, a nod
dialog: to the Bedlam aesthetic but something more, with colour that
text: gives the image a bold luminosity.
text: Luke turns his shoulder towards the mirror and smiles.
speaker_heading: VICTORIA
dialog: Where have you been hiding?
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Singapore.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: No shit — that’s where we’re from.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 29.
dialog: 39
speaker_heading: 39 CONTINUED: (2)
dialog: Jake smiles — no shit.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT’D)
dialog: What were you doing there?
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Avoiding questions. Use moisturiser
dialog: every day, keep it out of the sun
dialog: and try not to get it wet, okay?
text: Luke takes out his wallet. Jake shakes his head.
speaker_heading: JAKE (CONT'D)
text: On the house — birthday present.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: You serious?
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Get outta here before Crash changes
dialog: my mind.
text: Luke gets off the chair, reaches into his jacket and hands
text: Jake a folded piece of paper.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I’m having a party on Friday night,
dialog: my folks’ place. It won’t be lame,
dialog: they got a pool and stuff.
text: Jake takes the invite. Victoria smiles at him, intent.
speaker_heading: VICTORIA
dialog: He’1l be there.
text: A couple of the Bedlam employees smirk, watching the scene.
text: Self-conscious, Jake hands the invite back.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: I got plans Friday.
dialog: Victoria shrugs — suit yourself — and leaves with Luke,
text: turning before they reach the door to look back at Jake one
text: last time. Crash appears.
speaker_heading: CRASH
dialog: What is this, a charity or a dating
dialog: agency?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 39
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 39
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: You gonna take the picture down or
dialog: not?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: A BAND OF TATTOO ART is etched around a large forearm, subtly
text: echoing the geometric forms of tatau.
text: Jake frowns, looks down. A miniature poodle sits at his feet.
text: The customer is GRAHAM, a burly league player turned
text: businessman. He wears expensive suit trousers and Italian
text: leather shoes, at odds with his cauliflower ears.
text: Jake leans in to resume the tattoo, then stops again.
text: Graham's trophy girlfriend CHANEL admires him from the
text: counter, her eyes travelling admiringly across his tattoos.
text: She chews gum.
speaker_heading: GRAHAM
dialog: I’m getting this for her. Eh,
dialog: pumpkin? Got a thing about tattooed
dialog: fellas.
speaker_heading: CHANEL
dialog: Graham!
text: Chanel leans down to retrieve the poodle, a manoeuvre clearly
text: designed to reveal maximum cleavage. Jake stands back to give
dialog: her room.
text: Jake starts work once again. We look away, to the bustling
text: studio, as the needle BUZZES.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: Different customers, different tattoos. Jake’s customer is
text: IVAN, fifties, powerful and wiry — perhaps a former soldier
text: or merchant seaman — with a ZZ-Top beard gone haywire. In the
text: groove now, Jake pulls on his gloves.
speaker_heading: IVAN
dialog: Petrovich.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: IVAN
text: Petrovich. Ivan. Three o’clock.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 39
dialog: 40
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4) 39
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Right. Sawyer, Jake. I'11 be your
dialog: tattoo artist this afternoon.
text: Jake eyes Ivan’s weathered skin, an encyclopedia of classic
dialog: tattoo designs.
speaker_heading: JAKE (CONT'D)
dialog: If I can some find room on here ..?
speaker_heading: IVAN
dialog: There’s always room.
text: Jake’s needle BUZZES, shapes and defines. Ivan stares into
text: space, his jaw clenched.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: LATER. Business is winding down as Jake clears away his
text: workspace. Crash approaches.
speaker_heading: CRASH
dialog: All this colour, this
dialog: expressiveness ...
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: You like it?
speaker_heading: CRASH
dialog: Get in touch with your inner mural
dialog: artist on your own time.
text: Crash walks away.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Hey Crash, about that car —
text: A jingle of airborne keys. Jake catches them.
speaker_heading: CRASH
dialog: Don’t bleed on my fucking merino
dialog: seat covers.
text: Alarmed, Jake notices that a trickle runs from the bandage on
text: his hand, black and thick like ink.
scene_heading: INT. BEDLAM TATTOO STUDIO/BATHROOM - DAY 40
text: An immaculate bathroom out the back of the studio. At the
text: basin, Jake pulls away the bandage. Black ink mixes with the
text: water and swirls away down the drain.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 40
dialog: 4l
dialog: 42
dialog: 43
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 40
text: Sudden movement in the mirror — a dark figure, barely
text: glimpsed in the reflection. Jake spins, but the room is
text: empty. He turns back to the basin, creeped out.
scene_heading: EXT. BACK ALLEY - DAY 41
text: A grimy back-alley behind Bedlam Tattoo Studio. Jake stares,
text: car keys in hand.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Oh, man ...
text: THE COMPANY CAR is just that: a late-model Japanese import,
text: covered with Bedlam-style tattoo designs — a mobile billboard
dialog: for Bedlam, and seriously uncool.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. JAKE'S CAR/OTARA STREETS - DAY 42
text: Jake drives through Otara. He holds the square of paper that
text: Sina gave him. He turns a corner and crawls the kerb, reading
dialog: the numbers.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Nineteen ... twenty-one ...
text: Jake slows the car.
speaker_heading: JAKE (CONT’D)
dialog: Twenty-three ... Jesus.
text: Jake looks aghast. It’s a church.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH/ARCHIVE — DAY 43
text: Storage shelves loom, stacked with boxes and piles of paper.
text: Barely organised chaos.
text: OSONE (10) wears cool street clothes, at odds with the depth
text: behind his eyes. He fishes a faded photo from a box full of
text: old pictures. He studies the faces. He seems both intent on
text: the image and distant, as though focussing beyond it.
speaker_heading: OSONE
dialog: Mr Palauni.
text: He passes the photo to Sina, who looks at it.
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: How did you know that?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 43
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 43
speaker_heading: OSONE
dialog: Seen him round, eh.
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: He died before you were born!
text: Sina wears a conservative blouse and skirt as she stacks
text: bulging archival boxes. As she lifts one, the bottom drops
text: out of it and photos spill across the floor.
text: Jake watches from the doorway, amused.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Bugger.
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: Glad to see you're making an effort
dialog: to learn the language.
text: Jake kneels and helps Sina put the photos back in the box.
text: Osone stares, eyes wide, over Jake’s shoulder — as if looking
text: at someone behind him.
text: Jake follows his gaze — no-one there. He looks back.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Hey.
text: Osone edges out of the room, as if he’s trying to stay as far
text: away from Jake as he can while he does it. Jake shrugs and
text: flips through the pictures: family group shots, people in
text: churchgoing attire and ceremonial dress.
speaker_heading: JAKE (CONT'D)
dialog: So this is what you do when you're
dialog: not giving scalp massages.
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: There’s forty years of South
dialog: Auckland stories in this room. My
dialog: uncle’s trying to make sure they
dialog: don’t get lost.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Looks like you’re the one doing all
dialog: the work.
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: It’s the least I can do to repay
dialog: him for everything he’s done for
dialog: me.
dialog: (checks her watch)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 43
dialog: 44
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 43
speaker_heading: SINA (CONT'D)
dialog: I have to go pick up some more
dialog: photos. You want to come?
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Sure.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH HALLWAY — DAY 44
text: Sina leads Jake down a hallway towards the church foyer. Jake
text: looks uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: If I’d known I was going to church,
dialog: I'd have worn something less
dialog: comfortable.
text: Jake pauses, looking through the main doors to the church.
text: Glass panels offer a view of the pews and the altar beyond.
text: Mr Va'a stands in the aisle, talking with an elderly
speaker_heading: MINISTER.
speaker_heading: JAKE (CONT’D)
dialog: Your uncle, huh?
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: You’ve met him?
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Not really.
text: A middle-aged PARISHIONER approaches Mr Va’a and the
text: Minister. Mr Va’a takes her hands warmly and smiles. She
text: beams at him.
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: He’s not really my uncle — after my
dialog: mum died, Mr Va'a’s wife took me
text: in. Now he’s alone, too. But he
dialog: lets me stay.
text: Va'a turns, looks through the glass. He sees Sina and smiles
text: -.. then notices Jake. His smile fades. Jake looks nervous.
speaker_heading: SINA (CONT’D)
dialog: What about your folks? Where are
dialog: they?
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: They’re dead.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 44
dialog: 45
dialog: 46
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 44
text: Sina looks at him differently now, like she understands
dialog: something about him.
scene_heading: EXT. PERENESE HOUSE - DAY 45
text: Ragged graffiti has been sprayed across an unpainted wooden
text: fence, several of its boards smashed in. A car sits rusting
text: and abandoned in a concrete driveway, weeds growing through
text: the cracks. Nearby, a letterbox lies on its side.
text: Beyond is a weathered state house, its curtains drawn, its
dialog: welcome cold. It’s as though someone sucked all the colour
text: out of this corner of Otara. An unseen dog WHINES mournfully,
text: an eerie soundtrack to this grim landscape.
text: Jake follows Sina from his car up towards the front door.
text: Sina knocks. The door opens a crack to reveal suspicious
dialog: eyes.
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: Malo Mr Perenese, it’s Sina.
text: It opens. MR PERENESE, silver-haired, middle-aged, wearing a
text: faded T-shirt over old suit pants, glares at Jake — then
text: softens as he turns to Sina.
speaker_heading: PERENESE
dialog: Talofa, Sina. Come in.
scene_heading: INT. PERENESE HALLWAY - DAY 46
text: The carpet is threadbare, the wallpaper stained yellow by
text: nicotine. The house feels heavy with neglect. Nooks and
text: crannies disappear into shadow.
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: This is my friend Jake.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: How you doing?
text: Jake smiles and extends a hand. Mr Perenese takes it for a
text: second, barely making eye contact.
speaker_heading: PERENESE
dialog: (to Sina)
dialog: You're here for the pictures? I put
dialog: them in a box for you.
text: Mr Perenese leads Sina away down the hall towards the front
text: of the house. Jake stands in the hallway, awkward.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 46
dialog: 47
dialog: 48
dialog: 49
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 46
text: He picks up an old framed photo, blows off the dust: it looks
text: a hundred years old, a Samoan man crouching in ceremonial
text: dress, a traditional whale-tooth ulalei around his neck.
text: A cockroach scuttles across the carpet, into the kitchen.
scene_heading: INT. PERENESE KITCHEN - DAY 47
text: Jake steps into the kitchen as the roach scuttles away.
text: A chipped formica table and windows cracked and stained.
text: A simple wooden crucifix hangs on the wall.
scene_heading: INT. PERENESE HALLWAY/BEDROOM - DAY 48
text: Unnerved, Jake steps back out into the hallway. From the
text: living room, the sound of muffled voices. Jake catches sight
text: of something in a room off the hallway: a portrait photo of a
text: young woman on a shelf above a neatly-made bed.
text: Jake pushes the door open further ...
text: A second portrait, also of a young woman, is revealed. Then
text: another ... and another. Jake pushes the door open further.
text: A middle-aged Samoan woman, MRS PERENESE, sits in a chair in
text: front of a dresser, her lined face reflected in a large,
text: round mirror. She pulls a brush slowly through her long,
text: greying hair. Her eyes swivel to look at Jake in the mirror.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Excuse me, I didn’t mean to ...
text: She regards him with her unblinking stare, eyes empty with
dialog: sadness.
scene_heading: INT. PERENESE LIVING ROOM - DAY 49
text: Grey light filters through the drawn curtains. Everything in
text: this room seems to languish in its place.
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: They’11l be looked after, Mr.
dialog: Perenese.
speaker_heading: PERENESE
dialog: Old memories ... no use to me.
text: Mr Perenese bends to lift a cardboard box. The back of his T-
text: shirt rides up, revealing his pe’a beneath. Jake notices it
text: with interest. Perenese follows his gaze.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: 49 CONTINUED: 49
text: Mr Perenese’s eyes blaze with sudden anger.
speaker_heading: PERENESE (CONT’D)
dialog: You get a good look, eh boy?
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: I’m a tattoo artist.
speaker_heading: PERENESE
dialog: So what?
dialog: (to Sina, in Samoan)
dialog: Sina, why you bring this palagi to
dialog: my house?
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: He didn’t mean to offend you.
text: Perenese glares from Sina to Jake.
speaker_heading: PERENESE
dialog: Take the pictures and go.
scene_heading: 50 INT/EXT. JAKE'S CAR/OTARA STREETS - DAY 50
text: Jake drives, Sina next to him.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: I thought a pe’a was something to
dialog: be proud of.
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: Not for him. One of their kids ran
dialog: away, years ago, and the community
dialog: turned their backs on them.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: And what, he just accepted that?
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: He had no choice. It made them look
dialog: like bad parents — around here
dialog: that’s a mark of shame.
text: They pull up outside the church. Jake looks up at the
text: crucifix that graces its roof, his expression dark.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Maybe they deserved it. A kid
dialog: doesn’t run away unless there’s
text: something he’s running away from.
text: Sina watches him, sensing his pain.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 50
dialog: 51
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 50
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: What happened to you, Jake?
text: Jake's expression darkens.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: So, you talk to Alipati?
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: Yeah. Jake, I’m sorry, but he —
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Tell him he can name his price.
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Tell him whatever he wants to teach
dialog: me, I‘’1ll pay it.
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: Jake, tatau isn’t just some cure
dialog: you can buy and sell.
text: She gets out of the car and slams the door. She looks back in
dialog: the window.
speaker_heading: SINA (CONT'D)
dialog: Don’t come back here, okay?
text: Jake watches Sina walk through the church gates. He slams the
text: car into gear and throws it into a U-turn. The car swings
dialog: around —
text: Osone stands right in his path! Jake slams on the brakes.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET — DAY 51
text: Jake leaps out of the car and crosses to where Osone stands
text: in the road. The boy stares at him, unruffled.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Are you okay? I didn’t even —
speaker_heading: OSONE
dialog: You see him?
text: Jake looks around.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 51
dialog: 52
dialog: 53
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 51
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: OSONE
dialog: Following you round.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: There’s no one there.
speaker_heading: OSONE
dialog: Just cause you don’t see no one,
dialog: don’t mean there ain’t no one
dialog: there.
text: Osone points. Baffled, Jake follows the boy’s gaze to where
text: black ink runs freely from the cut on his hand.
text: Hip-hop bass pounds ahead of a sedan as it pulls up beside
text: them. A tinted window rolls down to reveal a large Samoan man
text: in his early twenties. Sitting next to him, his brother.
text: Osone’s COUSINS.
speaker_heading: COUSIN
dialog: Osone!
text: Osone runs to the car and gets in. The car peels away, bass
text: thumping. Jake watches them go, bewildered.
scene_heading: INT. JAKE’S APARTMENT - EVENING 52
text: Jake enters the apartment and slams the door behind him, his
text: expression stormy. The sound of WATER RUNNING. Jake follows
dialog: it.
scene_heading: INT. JAKE'S APARTMENT/BATHROOM - EVENING 53
text: Jake steps up to the bathroom door. Inside, someone splashes
text: in the shower. He hesitates a moment, then pushes the door
dialog: open.
text: Victoria’s head is visible above the shower door, the rest of
text: her body obscured. She YELPS in surprise.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Shit!
text: Jake ducks back outside. He leans against the wall. The water
text: is shut off.
text: Jake peers around the edge of the door. Victoria is drying
dialog: herself.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 53
dialog: 54
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 53
text: She's covered in striking tattoos, the unmistakable Bedlam
text: aesthetic. Jake’s eyes widen. He ducks back out of sight.
speaker_heading: JAKE (CONT'D)
dialog: You always take a shower after you
dialog: sneak into someone's place?
text: Victoria emerges from the bathroom. She’s wearing vinyl
text: pants, boots, a tiny top that reveals every tattoo — she
text: looks ready to enter the matrix. Jake stares.
speaker_heading: VICTORIA
dialog: Only when I’m dirty. There’s Stoli
dialog: in the freezer ... see if we can’t
dialog: loosen you up a bit before we go.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: VICTORIA
dialog: Luke’s party, remember?
text: She sweeps past him. Jake watches helplessly.
scene_heading: INT. JAKE’S APARTMENT - EVENING 54
text: Jake and Victoria sit on the couch, drinking vodka on ice.
text: Her cigarette trails smoke.
speaker_heading: VICTORIA
dialog: What did you think, the island
dialog: princess was just going to hand
dialog: over the Samoan instruction book?
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: I thought they’d be flattered I
dialog: wanted to learn from them.
speaker_heading: VICTORIA
dialog: Well, I think you can do better
dialog: than a garage in Otara, Mr
dialog: Tattooist Magazine.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: I guess I was doing okay before I
dialog: came here. I was travelling the
dialog: world. Making money ...
text: Victoria puts her glass down and straddles him, stroking his
dialog: chest.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 54
dialog: 55
dialog: 56
dialog: 4l.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 54
speaker_heading: VICTORIA
dialog: I find naked ambition such an
text: attractive quality in a tattooist.
text: Victoria takes off her top. Jake puts his hands on her waist,
text: moves them up towards her bra. She grabs his wrists.
speaker_heading: VICTORIA (CONT'D)
dialog: First things first.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT BEDROOM - NIGHT 55
text: Jake's notebook, open on the bed to a sketch of a tribal
text: design. A needle BUZZES. A line of tears runs from the corner
text: of Victoria’s eye towards her hair ... a soft MOAN escapes
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Jake frowns, concentrating as he completes ...
text: A tribal design in greys and blacks, encircling Victoria’s
text: belly-button.
speaker_heading: VICTORIA
dialog: What does it mean?
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Ancient Chinese cure for breaking
text: and entering.
text: She hits him playfully. He pulls her close.
speaker_heading: JAKE (CONT'D)
dialog: Who cares what it means?
text: She kisses him but pulls away, having second thoughts.
speaker_heading: VICTORIA
dialog: What’s wrong?
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Nothing. Let’s get out of here.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN HOME BACKYARD - NIGHT 56
text: A pool-side barbecue for Luke’s birthday. Teenage BOYS and
text: GIRLS laugh, shout and drink. Some splash in the water.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 56
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 56
text: A few posers sit around in shades and designer clothes, too
dialog: cool for the pool.
text: Food sizzles on a barbeque that looks like something NASA
text: designed. UNCLE KEN turns the sausages pedantically. Next to
text: him, AUNT SUZY watches the kids with barely-contained
text: suspicion. Both look buttoned down, respectable.
text: Someone WHISTLES. The crowd parts and Victoria appears, a
text: bottle of tequila in hand, Jake in tow.
speaker_heading: VICTORIA
dialog: (whispers to Jake)
dialog: Just play along, okay?
text: Jake looks confused. Aunt Suzy and Uncle Ken glare at
text: Victoria. One of the sausages catches fire.
speaker_heading: VICTORIA (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey, Aunt Suzy.
text: She kisses her aunt on the cheek, deliberately leaving a
text: smear of lipstick.
speaker_heading: UNCLE KEN
dialog: Cover yourself up! You want people
dialog: to think you’re a criminal?
speaker_heading: VICTORIA
dialog: This is my fiance, Jake — he’s one
dialog: of the best tattooists in the
dialog: world.
text: Jake stares at Victoria, astonished.
text: A hand appears, gripping his arm. Jake turns to see Luke,
text: ashen faced, hollow-eyed and desperate. His long sleeved
text: shirt is well buttoned, in contrast to the casual gear of his
dialog: friends.
speaker_heading: UNCLE KEN
dialog: Your cousin got sense. He know he'd
dialog: be dead if he come home with one of
dialog: those ... things!
text: Luke pulls Jake aside.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: What’s up, man? Enjoying your
dialog: birthday present —
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I want to get rid of it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 56
dialog: 57
dialog: 58
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 56
text: A SHOUT as a posse of Luke’s friends closes in. Jake steps
text: back as they grab Luke and hoist him up.
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey, no! NO!
text: Ignoring his shouts, they carry Luke to the pool and throw
text: him in, fully-clothed. Partygoers laugh and cheer. Uncle Ken
text: shakes his head disapprovingly and returns to his sausages.
text: Luke surfaces, spluttering. Someone splashes him and he
text: laughs reluctantly.
text: Victoria appears at Jake’s side, laughing.
speaker_heading: VICTORIA
dialog: Did you see their faces?
text: Jake watches her, unimpressed.
speaker_heading: VICTORIA (CONT'D)
dialog: Don’t tell me you’ve never done
dialog: something just to piss your folks
dialog: off.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN HOUSE DRIVEWAY - NIGHT 57
text: Jake strides down the path towards his car. Victoria follows
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: VICTORIA
dialog: Jake, wait up!
text: Jake pauses, turns on her.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Were all those tats freebies, huh?
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN HOUSE - NIGHT 58
text: In the crowded water, Luke stops moving. He looks around,
text: afraid. He jerks suddenly, as if hit from below. And again.
text: Luke tries to reach the edge of the pool — BANG! He’s pulled
text: back into the water. His friends splash and laugh around him,
text: oblivious to his panic.
text: Again, Luke is hit from below. He goes under and resurfaces,
text: struggling. The water blooms with black ink.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 58
dialog: 59
dialog: 60
dialog: 44,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 58
text: A girl looks down, noticing the ink. She sees Luke thrashing
text: and backs away. Others do the same, scrambling for the edges.
text: ANGLE FROM ABOVE as Luke stands in the centre of the exodus,
text: a black cloud spreading around him.
text: A girl watches, horrified, finding her voice ...
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN HOUSE - NIGHT 59
text: Jake glares at Victoria.
speaker_heading: VICTORIA
dialog: I thought you were up for it. That
dialog: you wanted to have some fun.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: That used to be me, Victoria ...
speaker_heading: VICTORIA
dialog: Then what do you want, Jake?
text: Jake meets her gaze — the answer is obvious. Victoria nods.
speaker_heading: VICTORIA (CONT'D)
dialog: Then maybe you should go tell her.
text: OFFSCREEN, a girl SCREAMS. Victoria looks back in the
text: direction of the sound.
speaker_heading: VICTORIA (CONT'D)
dialog: I gotta go.
text: She turns and heads back up the path towards the house. Jake
text: gets into his car and slams the door.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN HOUSE — NIGHT 60
text: The water is now completely black. Luke stands alone in the
text: middle of the pool. CHONK! With a jerk, he’s pulled under.
text: The kids begin to SCREAM.
speaker_heading: UNCLE KEN
dialog: Luke!
text: Uncle Ken jumps into the water. He dives and surfaces,
text: searching, streaked with black ink.
text: Aunt Suzy screams and runs to the edge, Victoria with her.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 60
dialog: 61
dialog: 62
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 60
text: Uncle Ken lifts Luke out of the water. Luke gasps, his eyes
text: wide, choking, clawing.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: He’s here!
text: Luke is jerked from his father’s grasp once again and
text: disappears back under.
text: Uncle Ken searches frantically as Aunt Suzy continues to
text: scream. The other kids watch, ashen-faced. Ken stops moving,
text: scanning the water as it settles to a glassy black sheet.
text: Luke’s body breaks the surface, face down. Uncle Ken grabs
text: him and hauls him to the edge. Two TEENAGERS pull him out and
text: lower him onto the concrete. Luke’s head lolls, his eyes
text: lifeless and glazed. Blood and ink stream from his slack jaw.
text: Luke’s mother falls across her son's body, wailing. Victoria
text: runs up to comfort her.
scene_heading: INT. JAKE’S CAR - NIGHT 61
text: Jake drives, intent, gripping the wheel. Outside, the
text: Auckland streets are a blur. We move in, towards the bandage
text: on his hand.
text: The surface of the bandage bulges, darkens, seeping black
text: ink. The ink wells, runs down across the smooth arc of the
dialog: steering wheel ...
text: Black ink drips from the steering wheel onto Jake’s lap. He
text: frowns, looks down ...
text: In the shifting glow of passing streetlights, Jake’s hands
text: appear to be covered with intricate Samoan tatau!
text: Jake GASPS ... the car swerves ... a HORN blares! Jake
text: regains control. He looks down at his hands, now unmarked.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN HOUSE - NIGHT 62
text: Aunt Suzy SHRIEKS suddenly and pulls away from Luke’s body,
dialog: horrified —
text: Victoria follows her gaze, gasps in horror —
text: Under Luke’s wet shirt, vivid lines of black spider across
text: his chest. Samoan tatau! We move in towards the ragged lines
text: and shapes.
dialog: 63
dialog: 64
dialog: 65
dialog: 66
dialog: 46.
scene_heading: INT. JAKE’S BATHROOM - NIGHT 63
text: The sound of running water. Jake winces as he peels off the
text: bandage. Blood and ink patter into the basin from his
text: suppurating wound.
text: He stares at his hollow-eyed reflection in the mirror, then
text: looks down.
text: For a moment, the inky water leaves spidery, geometric lines
text: of black on the white porcelain — the pattern of the pe’a —
text: before it’s washed away. Jake frowns ... did I just see that?
scene_heading: INT. JAKE’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 64
text: Jake falls back onto the bed, the hibiscus flower in his
dialog: hand.
text: Streetlights parade across the ceiling, merging and shifting,
text: forming geometric shapes of light and shadow.
text: Jake closes his eyes. The horns, booming subwoofers and hum
text: of the street give way to the TIC-TIC-TIC-TIC of the boiler
dialog: ... the TAP-TAP-TAP of tatau.
speaker_heading: FADE TO BLACK
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. MR VA’A’S HOUSE - DAY 65
text: Jake approaches the house, past dozens of cars parked
text: outside. Music emanates from the garden. Hearing the music,
text: Jake hesitates. Then he heads up the side of the house.
scene_heading: EXT. GARDEN - DAY 66
text: THUNK! The blade of a machete misses a log of wood and is
text: embedded in the ground. Peni pulls the machete free and lines
text: up the wood again.
text: Jake stands at the corner of the house, mouth open, eyes
dialog: wide.
text: The back yard is filled with people. Hip-hoppers, clean-cut
text: young churchgoers, middle-aged couples in lava-lavas and old
text: people under sun umbrellas. The focal point is a pig ona
text: spit, a fire under its sizzling belly.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 66
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 66
text: Towards the fence, Mr Va’a sits under a sun umbrella,
text: surrounded by other members of the community. Beneath his
text: lava-lava, his legs display dense lines of tatau.
text: A YOUNG BOY approaches him, hands him a drink. Mr Va'a beams
text: in thanks, ruffles the kid’s hair. The boy smiles as though
dialog: he’s just been blessed.
text: Jake notices Sina standing nearby. He starts towards her —
text: Three young Samoan guys block his path — JOE, CHARLIE and
text: DAMON. Joe glares down at Jake.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: You lost, bro?
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: I’m here to see Sina.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Don’t think so.
text: Sina appears beside them. She puts a restraining hand on
text: Joe's arm.
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: Joe, don’t be a dick.
text: Joe holds Jake’s gaze for a moment, then nods. The cousins
text: head back to their beers. Sina glares at Jake, hostile ...
text: then softens.
speaker_heading: SINA (CONT'D)
dialog: So which part of ‘don’t come back’
dialog: didn’t you get?
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Sina, listen to me.
text: Jake glances towards the cousins, uncomfortable. They’re
text: still keeping an eye on him. He takes Sina aside.
speaker_heading: JAKE (CONT’D)
dialog: You asked what happened to me ... I
dialog: wanna tell you.
text: Jake looks down at his scar, remembering.
speaker_heading: JAKE (CONT’D)
dialog: There are things I’ve never told
dialog: anyone.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 66
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 66
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: Things you've done?
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Things that were done to me.
text: He meets her eyes ...
text: A CHEER from the assembled crowd. Semo and Opeta, the two
text: young men we’ve seen being tattooed by Alipati are helped to
text: their feet by their friends. They both have newly-completed
dialog: pe’a.
text: Their short lava-lava reveal the incredible extent of their
text: finished pe’a: from the knees to the middle of the back,
text: beautiful patterns follow the contours of their bodies.
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: You get the pe’a with a friend.
dialog: It’s like, by sharing your pain,
dialog: you halve it.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: What if you don’t finish?
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: Then you bring shame on yourself
dialog: and your family.
text: Alipati breaks an egg over Semo’s head and sprinkles coconut
text: water over him.
speaker_heading: ALIPATI
dialog: Faalele lau pe'a!
text: Semo grins, looks skyward and roars a SAMOAN WARRIOR'S
text: CHALLENGE. Opeta grins and hugs him. The onlookers clap and
text: cheer, shaking his hand, handing him gifts — food, envelopes,
dialog: traditional Samoan mats.
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: Now they’re men.
text: Mr Va‘a shakes Semo’s hand, gripping his arm with the other.
text: His gaze is powerful, its warmth intense.
speaker_heading: MR VA'A
dialog: (to Semo, in Samoan)
dialog: I’m proud of you, boy.
speaker_heading: SEMO
dialog: (in Samoan)
dialog: Thank you, Mr Va’a.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 66
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 66
text: Va'a heads back towards his chair. He pauses, greets Alipati.
text: As Jake watches, Va’a congratulates Alipati warmly. Alipati
text: seems touched by his gesture, deferential. Sina follows his
dialog: gaze —
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: My uncle was a tufuga back in the
dialog: day. Ali was his apprentice.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Why did he stop?
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: Alipati was ready, and the
dialog: community needed him more.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You should really pay your
dialog: respects. It’s his house.
text: Jake eyes Mr Va‘a.
text: Across the garden, Peni chops at the pig with the machete. As
text: Mr Va'’a passes him, he grabs the machete from Peni and shows
text: him how it’s done. HACK! HACK-HACK! Mr Va’a carves into the
text: pig with three brutal chops.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: I might wait till he puts down the
dialog: big pointy thing.
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: You got a skull on your shoulder. I
dialog: think you can come say hi to an old
text: man in a skirt.
text: Sina leads Jake across the garden.
text: HACK! Va’a slices another hunk out of the animal’s haunch. He
text: wields the machete like he was born with it in his hand.
text: Alipati sees Jake coming and steps up to whisper in Mr Va‘a’s
text: ear. Va’a nods, hands the machete back to Peni.
speaker_heading: SINA (CONT'D)
dialog: Uncle, this is Jake Sawyer. Jake,
dialog: this is Mr Va’a.
text: Jake holds out his hand. Mr Va’a’s gaze travels from Jake's
text: outstretched hand, across the tattoos on his arms. At last,
text: Va'a smiles warmly.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4) 66
speaker_heading: MR VA'A
dialog: It is an honour to have you in my
dialog: house.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: The honour’s mine.
text: Mr Va'a takes Jake aside, his manner that of a wise man about
dialog: to dispense wisdom.
text: Sina watches as Mr Va’a leads Jake away. Alipati steps up
text: beside her.
speaker_heading: ALIPATI
dialog: I see you made your choice.
text: Sina meets his eyes. His gaze is cold, disapproving.
speaker_heading: MR VA'A
dialog: Alipati tells me you’ve come to
dialog: Auckland to be a tufuga.
text: Jake listens respectfully to Mr Va’a.
speaker_heading: MR VA’‘A (CONT’D)
dialog: Do you know the national motto of
dialog: Samoa, Mr Sawyer?
text: Jake shakes his head.
speaker_heading: MR VA‘A (CONT'D)
dialog: Fa'avaei le Atua Samoa. ‘Samoa is
dialog: founded on God’. But Samoa was founded
dialog: long before God arrived. Before that
dialog: time, everyone had tatau. The pe’a,
dialog: for men. The malu, for women. It gave
dialog: them nobility. Pride. It connected
dialog: them with their tupuaga. It made them
dialog: strong. Then the missionaries came to
dialog: Samoa. And there was no dancing
dialog: allowed anymore. No singing Samoan
dialog: songs. And no tatau. But we kept it
dialog: alive, even though some of our people
dialog: thought they were going against God by
dialog: getting a tatau. People like me
dialog: believed that you could worship God
dialog: without sacrificing your culture, your
dialog: birthright. It was hard. But tatau is
text: still here, and getting stronger.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And you come over here and expect
dialog: us to hand it all back to you
dialog: again?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 66
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (5) 66
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: I’m not a Christian, Mr Va'’a.
speaker_heading: MR VA'A
dialog: Nor are you Samoan.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Sina will show you some
dialog: hospitality. Eh, Sina? Look after
dialog: our guest ... until it’s time for
dialog: him to leave.
text: She nods, leads Jake away. Mr Va’a watches after them.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: The sun sits low to the horizon, draining the warmth from the
dialog: afternoon.
text: Jake and Sina sit at the edge of the section and drink from
text: plastic cups. Across the garden, kids pack up deck chairs and
dialog: umbrellas.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: So much of this ... I don’t know if
dialog: I’1l ever understand. It’s like
dialog: another world. Maybe Alipati’s
dialog: right not to teach me.
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: He was wrong about one thing: you
dialog: have come a long way.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What did you want to tell me?
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: (uncomfortable)
dialog: Can we go somewhere else?
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: I guess you’ve seen my world ...
dialog: how about you show me where you're
dialog: from?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: THUNK! The machete hits the ground again beside a log of
dialog: wood.
speaker_heading: PENI
dialog: Fuck!
text: Peni pulls the blade free and lines up another go. Sina
text: appears at his side.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 66
dialog: 67
dialog: 68
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (6) 66
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: Try closing one eye?
speaker_heading: PENI
dialog: Real funny. What you want, anyway?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Peni approaches Mr Va'a, who is supervising the cleanup of
dialog: his house.
speaker_heading: PENI (CONT'D)
dialog: Mr Va'a? My grandma’s sick. She
dialog: needs someone to look after her
dialog: tonight while I’m at work.
speaker_heading: MR VA'A
dialog: Take Sina with you.
dialog: (shouts to Sina)
dialog: Sina! You go with Peni tonight,
dialog: look after his grandmother.
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: Yes, uncle.
text: Peni passes Sina, on his way inside. He gives her the nod —
dialog: mission accomplished. She nods back — owe ya one.
scene_heading: EXT/INT. MOTORWAY/JAKE'S CAR - EVENING 67
text: The sun sits low over the hills. The city is golden as Jake
text: and Sina drive towards it.
text: Jake looks over at Sina. She sits back in her seat and smiles
text: at him. He smiles back.
scene_heading: INT. BEDLAM TATTOO STUDIO - NIGHT 68
text: Jake shows Sina into the dark shop. Mirrors reflect their
text: silhouetted shapes against the passing lights of the road.
text: Sina looks at the designs on the walls of the shop.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: I used to dream about this, when I
dialog: was starting out. My own place ...
dialog: my own designs. A few regulars.
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: What do you dream about now?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 68
dialog: 69
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 68
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: You wouldn’t want to know.
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: (nods towards his tattoos)
dialog: I want to see them.
text: Jake takes off his shirt. Her eyes travel across his skin.
text: She reaches out to touch an old-school tattoo on his
dialog: shoulder.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Crash gave me that, in San
dialog: Francisco. I was celebrating — my
dialog: first job, my first paycheck.
dialog: (sadly)
dialog: I felt like I could do anything.
text: Jake closes his eyes as Sina runs her fingers across his
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: JAKE (CONT'D)
dialog: Got that in Berlin. I was cold.
dialog: Broke. I loved it.
text: Sina laughs. She reaches down, running her hand across the
text: pale ridge of his scar.
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: What about that?
scene_heading: INT. SAWYER ATTIC - NIGHT - FLASHBACK 69
text: BAM! A man’s hand grabs Young Jake’s wrist, wrenches the arm
text: around to reveal the fresh rose tattoo.
speaker_heading: FATHER (0.S.)
dialog: You’ve brought shame on our house.
text: The TIC-TIC-TIC of the boiler, close. Jake is pinned in the
text: dark corner.
text: The knife blade is heated against the hot metal until it
text: glows.
speaker_heading: JAKE (V.O.)
dialog: I was thirteen. My father was a
dialog: Lutheran minister ...
speaker_heading: FATHER (0.S.)
dialog: Your flesh is my flesh, your blood
dialog: is my blood.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 69
dialog: 70
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 69
text: The blade flashes —
speaker_heading: JAKE (V.O.)
dialog: He was ashamed.
speaker_heading: FATHER (0.S.)
dialog: We will not defile the temple of
dialog: the lord!
text: The dark shape of JAKE’S FATHER bends over Jake to work the
dialog: knife.
text: Young Jake looks up in terror as a heavy gold CRUCIFIX
text: dangles in front of his face, swinging as his father saws at
text: his flesh.
speaker_heading: FATHER (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Pray with me boy. Pray with me.
dialog: ‘Our father who art in heaven ...’
text: Father steps back, holding up the ragged, dripping strip of
text: Young Jake’s flesh. SCREECH! He pulls open the iron door of
dialog: the boiler —
text: Young Jake’s eyes widen —
text: As his Father casts the tattoo into the boiler and SLAMS the
scene_heading: door closed. TIC-TIC-TIC-TIC ...
text: INSIDE, the raging glow consumes Jake’s flesh as the ticking
text: of the boiler continues around us.
scene_heading: INT. BEDLAM TATTOO STUDIO - NIGHT 70
text: Jake’s expression is cold, hard. Sina looks appalled.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: I left after that. I never went
dialog: back.
text: Sina kisses him gently on the side of his neck. She closes
text: her eyes.
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: I want a tattoo.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Won't they be angry if you get a
dialog: palagi tattoo?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 70
dialog: 71
dialog: 72
dialog: 73
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 70
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: This isn’t for them. This is for
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: SINA
text: The tufuga decides.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: An expanse of Sina’s golden skin seems to glow in the dim
text: light. Jake runs his hands across her back, tracing the
text: contours of her body, judging the right place for the perfect
dialog: design.
text: Jake's needle begins to buzz. Sina grits her teeth, takes the
dialog: pain.
text: Jake focuses ... a distant TAP-TAP-TAP joins the BUZZING of
text: his needle ... the sounds continue over —
scene_heading: INT. FUNERAL HOME PREPARATION ROOM - NIGHT 71
text: A sterile embalmer’s preparation room, deep in shadow. Tools
text: are laid out, next to a chart and several reference
text: photographs of Luke. Machines switched on. BAMF! An overhead
text: light illuminates —
text: A body, under a sheet. The sheet is spotted with blooms of
dialog: black in.
scene_heading: INT. BEDLAM TATTOO STUDIO - NIGHT 72
text: Jake's needle shapes, hones, defines ... a huge design taking
text: shape, its scope as yet unrevealed ... TAP-TAP-TAP ...
scene_heading: INT. GRAHAM’S HOUSE - DAWN 73
text: A bottle of sleeping pills on a dresser ... moving to find
text: Chanel, Graham’s girlfriend, asleep under a pink eye mask.
text: She turns over, onto a pool of glistening black on peach-
text: coloured satin sheets. She pulls off the eye-mask, frowning,
text: peels back the sheet with a wet slurping noise.
speaker_heading: CHANEL
dialog: (croaks)
dialog: Gray ..?
dialog: 74
dialog: 75
dialog: 76
dialog: 77
dialog: 78
dialog: 79
dialog: 56.
scene_heading: INT. BEDLAM TATTOO STUDIO - NIGHT 74
text: Jake colours in a section of Sina’s tattoo, blood-red ...
scene_heading: INT. FUNERAL HOME PREPARATION ROOM - NIGHT 75
text: His preparations complete, the EMBALMER pulls back the sheet
text: from Luke’s head ... and recoils violently at some horror
dialog: unseen.
text: Luke’s hand slips, dangling from under the sheet. It is
text: covered now in Samoan tatau — even Luke’s fingernails have
text: been tattooed. Beyond, we can see that the tatau covers the
dialog: body.
scene_heading: INT. BEDLAM TATTOO STUDIO - NIGHT 76
text: Jake's needle paints a thick, dark curve along Sina’s
dialog: shoulder blade ...
scene_heading: INT. GRAHAM'S HOUSE - NIGHT 77
text: The tattooing sounds continue as Chanel follows a slick trail
text: of glistening black gloop across the carpet towards a closed
text: en suite door. She looks down ...
text: Black squelches up between her toes from the carpet.
speaker_heading: CHANEL
dialog: Baby Gray ... what are you doing in
dialog: there?
text: Frightened now, she pushes the door open slowly, revealing a
text: trail of glistening black ink on white marble, a spreading
text: pool at Graham’s motionless feet ...
scene_heading: INT. BEDLAM OFFICE - NIGHT 78
text: Jake and Sina make love on the couch in Crash’s office, her
text: new tattoo almost luminous in the glow of the dancing lights
text: from the street.
scene_heading: INT. VARIOUS - NIGHT 79
text: The images reach crescendo: needle on skin, skin on skin,
text: ink, sweat and blood ...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 79
dialog: 80
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 79
text: the ink splattered floor of Graham’s bathroom ... the ink
text: stains on the sheet covering Luke bloom and spread ...
text: Chanel finally finds her voice, and SCREEEEEEEAMS —
text: And we see the completed tattoo on Sina’s back: A RED
text: HIBISCUS FLOWER painted in vibrant colour — Jake’s boldest
text: work yet, undeniably influenced by everything he has seen and
text: learned. The graphic image dissolves to ...
text: THE HIBISCUS FLOWER from before, now wilted and lifeless in
text: its glass beside Jake's bed.
scene_heading: INT. BEDLAM OFFICE - NIGHT 80
text: — as Jake and Sina lie back, entangled, their breathing
text: slowing, calm returning as the chaotic sounds ebb.
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: Why did you tattoo those people, if
dialog: you didn’t share their beliefs? For
dialog: the money?
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Because they’re pathetic ...
dialog: they’re weak.
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: It’s not weak to have faith.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: It is when you hide behind it ...
dialog: use it to hurt people.
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: Did you ever think maybe your
dialog: father was scared? And maybe now
text: he’s somewhere where he doesn’t
dialog: have to be anymore?
dialog: Silence, then:
speaker_heading: JAKE
text: He lives in Wisconsin, in the house
dialog: I grew up in. I haven’t spoken to
dialog: him in ten years.
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: My parents are dead. I can’t ever
dialog: make that pain go away. But it’s
dialog: not too late for you.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 80
dialog: 81
dialog: 82
dialog: 83
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 80
text: Jake stares at the ceiling, his expression dark, conflicted.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BEDLAM OFFICE - NIGHT (LATER) 81
text: Jake stirs, restless. In the darkness, Sina MOANS softly.
text: Jake looks over at her. She frowns, twitches, eyes darting
text: under her lids — in the grip of a nightmare.
scene_heading: EXT. BEDLAM TATTOO STUDIO - DAY 82
text: Jake and Sina stand on the footpath outside Bedlam.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Can't you stay?
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: If I’m not at church, people will
dialog: ask questions.
text: Jake looks disappointed.
speaker_heading: SINA (CONT’D)
dialog: One step at a time, okay?
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: So all that stuff about this not
dialog: being for them ... about it being
dialog: for you ...
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: It’s for both of us.
text: She kisses him, then pulls away. He watches as she walks away
text: down the street.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT - DAY 83
text: Jake enters, slams the door.
speaker_heading: VICTORIA (0.S.)
dialog: Where have you been?
text: Victoria is standing in the shadows at the end of the room.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: You can’t keep ...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 83
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 59.
dialog: 83
text: He trails off at the sight of her: drawn and haggard looking.
speaker_heading: JAKE (CONT'D)
dialog: Shit, are you okay?
speaker_heading: VICTORIA
text: Luke’s dead.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: VICTORIA
dialog: My aunt and uncle’s pool. In five
text: feet of water ... in front of
dialog: thirty people.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: That’s terrible.
speaker_heading: VICTORIA
dialog: It was a birthday present. I wanted
dialog: him to be cool ... not dead.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: VICTORIA
text: He was covered in tattoos. Tattoos
dialog: that weren’t there two days ago.
text: Jake frowns.
speaker_heading: VICTORIA (CONT'D)
text: They were all over him, Jake.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Tattoos don’t just do themselves.
speaker_heading: VICTORIA
dialog: Then who did them, Jake? Did he
dialog: come back for more? Cause I’ve been
dialog: thinking about it and thinking
dialog: about it and I just can’t see how
dialog: else this happened.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Victoria, whatever happened, it was
dialog: nothing to do with me.
speaker_heading: VICTORIA
dialog: My uncle’s calling the Health
dialog: Department. He wants to press
dialog: charges against Bedlam.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: 83 CONTINUED: (2) 83
text: The phone rings. Jake snatches it up.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Sina?
speaker_heading: IVAN (0.S.)
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: I said there was always room. But
dialog: there’s not a lot left now ...
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Who is this?
speaker_heading: IVAN (0.S.)
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: You started it, boy ... and now
text: he’s nearly finished it.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: (thinks hard)
dialog: Ivan?
text: CLICK! The line goes dead. Jake stares at the receiver,
text: stunned. He grabs the phone book, rifles through.
speaker_heading: JAKE (CONT'D)
dialog: Peters ... Peterson ...
speaker_heading: VICTORIA
dialog: Jake, did you hear what I said?
dialog: They think it’s your fault.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Petrovich!
text: Jake slams the phone book shut and heads for the front door.
speaker_heading: VICTORIA
dialog: Who was that on the phone? Jake,
dialog: I’m scared.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: It was another guy I tattooed.
text: And he’s gone. She looks away, her mind racing ...
scene_heading: 84 EXT. JAKE’S APARTMENT - DAY 84
text: Tyres squeal as the Bedlam car pulls away from Jake’s
dialog: apartment.
dialog: 85
dialog: 86
dialog: 87
dialog: 88
dialog: 89
dialog: 61.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT BATHROOM - DAY 85
text: Victoria steps into the bathroom and turns on the light. She
text: stares blankly at her wretched reflection in the mirror, then
text: looks down, steeling herself.
text: She pulls up her top. Her eyes widen in horror.
scene_heading: EXT. BLOCK OF FLATS — DAY 86
text: Jake slams his car door outside a large block of council
text: flats in a tree-lined street. The windows make a ragged
text: patchwork of curtains, washing and wall hangings.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL — DAY 87
text: Jake races up the dirty, glass walled stairwell. Reflections
text: of himself surround him, shifting and moving as he climbs.
scene_heading: INT. BLOCK OF FLATS — DAY 88
text: Jake emerges on an upper landing and searches the apartment
text: doors. He stops at one. All the curtains are closed. Jake
text: bangs on the door.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Ivan? It’s Jake!
text: Silence. He bangs again. The door swings open. Jake steps
dialog: inside.
scene_heading: INT. IVAN’S FLAT — DAY 89
text: Jake peers into darkness.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Hello?
text: Jake creeps into the living area. The room is trashed, as if
text: a struggle has taken place. A large mirror on the wall is
text: cracked, streaked with ink.
speaker_heading: JAKE (CONT'D)
dialog: (calls)
dialog: Ivan!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 89
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 89
text: CRUNCH. Jake looks down — he has stepped on the broken
text: remains of a light bulb. He looks up — the bulb has been
text: crushed in its fitting.
text: A thick breath from the darkness. Jake wheels. A dark shape
text: sits in the gloom.
speaker_heading: JAKE (CONT'D)
dialog: Ivan? Jesus ...
text: The figure laughs, quickly breaking into a hacking wet cough.
text: Jake crosses to the windows and reaches for the curtains.
speaker_heading: JAKE (CONT'D)
dialog: Let’s get some light —
speaker_heading: IVAN
dialog: Don't!
text: Jake pauses. A thin shaft of daylight streams in.
text: Ivan huddles, rocking gently, an inky shadow. Only the whites
text: of his eyes catch the light. He leans forward, the light
text: catches a narrow strip of skin. Ivan is so covered in pe’a
text: that he seems black. Only tiny fragments of pale skin remain
dialog: visible.
speaker_heading: IVAN (CONT'D)
dialog: The space between the points ...
dialog: it’s the killing space ...
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: IVAN
dialog: He’s finishing what you started.
dialog: (clicks his tongue)
scene_heading: TIC-TIC-TIC ... TIC-TIC-TIC ...
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Who did this to you?
text: Ivan rises slowly out of his chair, bones creaking.
speaker_heading: IVAN
dialog: The ‘au ... the sausau ...
text: Ivan moves through the shaft of light, revealing more ghastly
text: detail on his naked old body. Woven into the pe’a are the
text: tattoos that already covered him, including Jake’s. Ivan
text: mutters in guttural Samoan:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 89
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 89
speaker_heading: IVAN (CONT'D)
dialog: (in Samoan)
dialog: .-. the ink ... the shame that
dialog: drives my fury ...
text: Jake backs away towards the door.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: I’1l get doctors.
text: Ivan reaches out a blackened hand, the flesh of his arm
text: withered and wet. The ridges and patterns gleam in the light.
speaker_heading: IVAN
dialog: (starts to laugh)
dialog: Flay my bones ... my black heart
dialog: bare ...
text: Ivan’s tattooed face leers into his, blackened teeth visible
text: behind tattooed lips.
text: Ivan pauses ... then looks towards the mirror, SCREAMS —
text: Jake wheels, catching a fleeting glimpse of a dark, wiry
text: shape as it sweeps across the broken glass.
speaker_heading: IVAN (CONT'D)
dialog: He’s coming again!
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Who?
text: Ivan starts to sing under his breath in Samoan — the lilting
text: song from Jake’s dreams. TAP-TAP-TAP! The sound reverberates
text: around them. Jake grabs Ivan’s wrists, trying to snap him out
dialog: of it.
speaker_heading: JAKE (CONT'D)
dialog: Ivan, WHO’S COMING?!
speaker_heading: IVAN
dialog: He’s finishing ... what you
dialog: started!
text: Ivan lunges, GROWLING. His skin breaks apart under Jake’s
text: fingers, flesh seeping black ink. Jake gasps in horror and
text: stumbles back towards the door. He claws at the handle and
text: wrenches it open ...
dialog: 90
dialog: 91
dialog: 92
dialog: 64.
scene_heading: INT. BLOCK OF FLATS — AFTERNOON 90
text: Jake stumbles through the door and races away from the flat.
text: The door slams shut behind him.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT - DAY - CONTINUOUS 91
text: Jake crashes into his apartment. He slams the door behind him
text: and locks it.
text: He picks up the phone and dials frantically, waits.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Come on, Sina ... pick up ...
text: He stops. The sound of WATER RUNNING. Jake frowns, replaces
dialog: the receiver.
text: Jake creeps tentatively through the apartment towards the
text: bathroom. Steam billows out into the hallway. Water spreads
text: out across the floor in a dark stain.
text: Water puddles around his feet, mixed with black ink. The ink
text: forms the intricate filigrees of a pe’a design, then
text: dissolves.
text: Jake pushes the bathroom door open ...
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT BATHROOM — DAY 92
text: A pale figure is ghosted behind the glass: Victoria.
text: She looks up at him, her eyes bloodshot.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: (frustrated)
dialog: Victoria ...
text: He looks down ... the water swirling around her feet is
text: black! Alarmed, Jake pulls the door open —
text: Her belly is a ragged black wound. Black ichor and blood
text: spill down her legs to bloom in the water. Her hand comes up
text: slowly and uncurls to reveal STEEL WOOL and fingers black
dialog: with ink.
text: Victoria looks up through her hair, mouth open in wordless
text: horror. She trembles, gasps ... and SCREEEEEEEEAMS!
dialog: 93
dialog: 94
dialog: 95
dialog: 65.
scene_heading: INT. JAKE’S CAR - DAY 93
text: Jake drives frantically. Victoria moans from the back seat.
text: She's wrapped in a sheet.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Hold on!
text: He looks to the rear view mirror — and glimpses a wiry shape
text: in the back seat, looming over Victoria — TAP-TAP-TAP! Jake
text: slams on the brakes and the car screeches to a halt. He turns
dialog: to look —
text: Victoria writhes in pain. Ink smears the seats. She is alone.
speaker_heading: VICTORIA
dialog: It huuuurrrrrrttttts!
text: Jake slams the car into gear and peels away.
scene_heading: EXT. HOSPITAL - DAY 94
text: Jake's car pulls up with a squeal outside Accident and
text: Emergency. He jumps out, throws open the back door and lifts
dialog: out Victoria.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - DAY 95
text: Jake carries Victoria through the doors. The sheet is twisted
text: around Victoria's body and sodden with blooms of black ink. A
text: line of ink drips onto the gleaming lino.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Somebody — we need help!
text: He staggers toward the reception desk. Victoria begins to
text: slip from his arms, the sheet pulling around her. Jake drops
text: to his knees.
text: A NURSE comes running.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: She's ... sick.
text: The nurse pulls at the sheet. Ink puddles out and spreads
text: across the floor. The nurse recoils in horror, looking down
text: at the ink on her fingers.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: 95 CONTINUED: 95
speaker_heading: JAKE (CONT’D)
dialog: Please help her.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: (shouts)
dialog: Doctor Faleauto!
text: The nurse backs away from Jake and Victoria. Beyond, other
text: PATIENTS in the waiting room have risen to their feet,
text: horrified.
text: A MATRON appears, aghast.
speaker_heading: MATRON
dialog: (to the Nurse)
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: I don’t know.
text: Black slime runs from Victoria’s mouth. Her eyes roll.
text: DOCTOR FALEAUTO, a young Samoan attending physician, and a
text: SECOND NURSE run up, pushing a gurney.
speaker_heading: DR FALEAUTO
dialog: On three. One ... two ... three —
scene_heading: 96 INT. HOSPITAL CORRIDOR - DAY 96
text: BANG! Led by Dr Faleauto, a posse of doctors and nurses burst
text: through double doors into the emergency area. Victoria
text: writhes on a gurney, ink already soaking into the mattress.
text: The gurney leaves a trail of black ink across the floor. Jake
text: follows the grisly caravan.
speaker_heading: DR FALEAUTO
dialog: What’s her name?
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Victoria.
speaker_heading: DR FALEAUTO
dialog: Victoria, can you hear me? How long
dialog: have you been feeling sick?
text: She lurches, coughs a torrent of black ink over the medical
text: team. It streaks their hospital whites.
speaker_heading: VICTORIA
dialog: Ask ... him...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 96
dialog: 97
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 96
speaker_heading: DR FALEAUTO
dialog: Have you taken any drugs, Victoria?
dialog: Do you have any allergies?
text: Jake stands helpless, devastated, as they push the gurney
text: into a trauma room.
scene_heading: INT. TRAUMA ROOM — DAY 97
text: A SECOND DOCTOR and more NURSES have joined those hovering
text: over Victoria on the table. A nurse vainly tries to staunch
text: the black ink discharging from Victoria’s belly.
text: Victoria’s tattoo snakes out of the wound and covers her
text: chest and shoulders — her own stylised classic imagery broken
text: down and distorted by the pe’a motif.
text: Jake hovers, stricken. Victoria grabs his arm, her grip
text: strong, her fingertips leaving black smears on his skin.
speaker_heading: VICTORIA
dialog: Jake ...
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: I’m here.
speaker_heading: VICTORIA
dialog: What happened to Luke ... not you
dialog: -.. him.
text: Her eyes roll back, eyelids fluttering. The doctors push Jake
dialog: aside.
speaker_heading: NURSE
text: B.P. sixty over forty and dropping.
speaker_heading: DR FALEAUTO
dialog: Get a line in. Push twenty of epi.
text: A nurse tries to find a vein in her arm with a shaking hand.
text: A needle pierces flesh. The skin breaks apart, discharging a
text: thin sheet of ink that washes down Victoria’s tattooed arm
text: onto the bed.
speaker_heading: SECOND NURSE
text: Trouble finding a vein.
speaker_heading: SECOND DOCTOR
dialog: Come on!
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Twenty epi in.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 97
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 68.
dialog: 97
speaker_heading: SECOND NURSE
dialog: Okay, got it!
text: Jet black liquid streams into the clear tube from Victoria’s
dialog: arm.
speaker_heading: SECOND NURSE (CONT’D)
dialog: Oh my god ...
speaker_heading: SECOND DOCTOR
dialog: Get that out. What have you hit?
speaker_heading: NURSE
text: B.P. fifty over thirty. Still
dialog: dropping.
speaker_heading: DR FALEAUTO
dialog: (to Jake)
dialog: Has she been overseas? How long has
dialog: she been sick?
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: I don’t know.
scene_heading: BEEP-BEEP-BEEP-BEEP-BEEP-BEEP — a shrill alarm goes off.
speaker_heading: NURSE
text: She's arrested.
speaker_heading: SECOND DOCTOR
dialog: Another twenty epi. Charge paddles
text: to one-eighty and clear.
speaker_heading: NURSE
text: Paddles one-eighty.
text: She hands the doctor the defibrillator paddles.
speaker_heading: SECOND NURSE
dialog: Twenty epi in.
speaker_heading: SECOND DOCTOR
dialog: Clear, dammit!
speaker_heading: DR FALEAUTO
dialog: Clear.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Clear.
text: The doctor places the paddles against Victoria’s chest —
text: WHUMP! She jolts horribly. Another torrent of ink spills from
text: her mouth.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: 97 CONTINUED: (2) 97
speaker_heading: NURSE (CONT’D)
dialog: Still down.
speaker_heading: SECOND DOCTOR
dialog: Charge two hundred.
speaker_heading: DR FALEAUTO
dialog: Clear!
text: WHUMP! The lights spark above Victoria. The room flickers in
text: and out of darkness.
text: Amid the frantic medical staff is another shape, glimpsed
text: between light and shadow —
text: THE TATTOOIST, crouched over Victoria, his back to Jake. A
text: broken, infected-looking pe’a twists up the Tattooist’s back.
text: In one hand he grasps a bloody bone chisel, in the other a
dialog: hammer.
text: TAP-TAP-CLANG! The Tattooist’s hammer falls, spraying ink.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: There! Can’t you see him?
text: The doctors continue work on Victoria, oblivious to the
text: spectre upon her.
text: WHUMP! The lights flicker on again, and the Tattooist is
text: gone. Victoria is lifted off the bed by the defibrillator,
text: her back arched.
speaker_heading: SECOND DOCTOR
dialog: Charge two-ten.
dialog: (indicates Jake)
dialog: Get him out of here!
text: A nurse SCREAMS. CLANG! CLANG-CLANG! In three violent jolts,
text: one of the few areas untouched by the pe’a is filled in black
text: with brutal accuracy. The medical team freezes for a moment,
text: stunned. Dr Faleauto looks at Jake.
speaker_heading: DR FALEAUTO
dialog: What the hell is this?
speaker_heading: SECOND DOCTOR
dialog: Two-ten. Clear?
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Clear.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 97
dialog: 98
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 97
text: The Doctor positions the paddles, pushes them down — SPLUCK!
text: His hands break through Victoria’s chest, disappearing INTO
text: the cavity. Tattooed ribs point up around the Doctor’s wrists
text: as black liquid wells around them.
text: The Doctor yelps and wrenches his hands free, leaving the
text: paddles immersed in her chest, wires trailing. He staggers
text: away, mewling, horrified.
text: Victoria breaks down as the tatau consumes her before their
text: eyes. Her flesh sloughs away to reveal organs black with
text: pe’a, themselves losing cohesion and dissolving into ink.
text: Two nurses are screaming now. They cower at the end of the
dialog: room.
text: Jake watches in horror as Victoria bangs and thrashes on the
text: table as black ink sprays from her mouth. Her flesh collapses
text: into itself as her torso falls away. Ink drips off the bed
text: onto the floor.
text: Dr Faleauto steps back as the other medics panic around him.
speaker_heading: DR FALEAUTO
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: Quarantine procedure. Nobody
dialog: leaves.
text: Jake looks around at their horrified faces, then starts
text: backing away.
speaker_heading: DR FALEAUTO (CONT’D)
dialog: Security! SECURITY!
text: Jake pushes through the door.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - DAY - CONTINUOUS 98
text: Jake slips on the shiny floor, leaving inky footprints as he
text: runs away down the corridor. Dr Faleauto crashes through the
text: doors behind him, his whites sprayed with black.
speaker_heading: DR FALEAUTO
dialog: Security — stop him!
text: A SECURITY GUARD blocks the way. Jake wheels, ducks down a
text: passage. The doctor follows.
text: Round a corner, down a passage. A stairwell — Jake takes them
text: three at a time. Jake runs down a long corridor and rounds a
text: corner. He looks back — he’s lost his pursuers.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 98
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 98
text: He leans against the wall, panting. The full horror hits him
text: hard and he loses it, shaking. His breath catches in his
text: throat ... he bites down on his knuckles.
text: FOOTSTEPS, and Dr Faleauto rounds the corner. Snapping out of
text: it, Jake runs. He follows the passage down, around another
text: corner, past a closed fire escape —
text: A dead end! Jake spins, heads back towards the fire escape.
text: Doctor Faleauto steps up to challenge him.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Please ...
speaker_heading: DR FALEAUTO
dialog: Took my brother six weeks to get
dialog: his pe’a. Nearly killed him. Never
dialog: thought I’d see someone get one in
dialog: six minutes.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: There’s no time.
speaker_heading: DR FALEAUTO
dialog: You said ‘can you see him’. See
dialog: who?
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Do you believe in spirits?
text: The doctor stares at him, stunned.
speaker_heading: DR FALEAUTO
dialog: You think a spirit did this?
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: There’s another one ... a girl, in
dialog: Otara. You have to let me go.
text: The doctor narrows his eyes, considering this.
speaker_heading: JAKE (CONT’D)
dialog: I have to get to her, find a way to
dialog: stop this, or she'll die.
text: Then he steps aside. Jake pushes open the door. As he steps
text: through, Dr Faleauto puts a hand on Jake’s arm.
speaker_heading: DR FALEAUTO
dialog: Whatever you’ve started, don’t
dialog: bring it back here. This isn’t
dialog: something doctors can cure.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 98
dialog: 99
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 98
text: Jake meets his eyes, then nods and disappears through the
dialog: door.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH/ARCHIVE - AFTERNOON 99
text: Sina sorts through the box of photos she got from Mr
text: Perenese. Taking out a photo, she frowns ...
text: The photo is of the Perenese family, posing in front of the
text: church. Mr Perenese stands proudly in the centre of a group
dialog: composed of his wife, his four daughters and ... the edge of
text: the photo has been torn away.
text: CRREEEEEAAAAAK-BANG! A door slams closed somewhere outside
text: the office. Sina goes to the archive door.
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: (calls)
dialog: Is someone there?
text: No reply. Spooked, Sina returns to her desk and continues
text: sorting the pictures.
text: A dark shape fills the doorway behind her. She senses someone
dialog: there, turns —
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: They’re dead.
text: Jake stands just inside the door, his face haunted. He’s
text: covered in grisly splatters of ink.
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: He killed them. Luke and Ivan ...
dialog: Victoria. Everyone I tattooed. Ever
dialog: since I hurt myself with this.
text: He holds out the tool he took from the Samoans in Singapore.
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: This is Alipati’s ... Jake, you
dialog: can’t keep this.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: I would have given it back, only I
dialog: was afraid he wouldn’t teach me!
dialog: (beat)
dialog: They couldn’t see him, but I could
dialog: «+. I could see him killing her!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 99
dialog: 100
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 99
speaker_heading: SINA
text: He’s skinny, with long hair. He
text: looks sick ... his pe’a’s bleeding.
dialog: His eyes ...
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: You’ve seen him too.
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: It was just a dream ...
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH BATHROOM - AFTERNOON 100
text: Sina stands in front of the mirror, Jake behind her. She
text: unbuttons her top, then pauses ... she looks, in the mirror,
dialog: to Jake ...
text: And pulls off her top.
text: Jake’s eyes widen as he looks at her back. Slowly, fearfully,
text: she turns to look at her reflection. Fine lines of raw, black
text: tatau spider outwards from the hibiscus flower — the
text: beginnings of the nightmare pe’a.
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: How long?
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Sina —
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: Days?
dialog: Silence, then:
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Hours.
text: Sina’s horror is mounting. Jake moves to comfort her.
speaker_heading: JAKE (CONT’D)
dialog: Sina, I‘’ll —
text: WHAP! Sina slaps him, again and again. Jake accepts the
dialog: blows.
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: I trusted you!
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: I didn’t know!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 100
dialog: 101
dialog: 102
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 100
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: Stay away from me!
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH FOYER — NIGHT 101
text: Sina runs down the hallway towards the church doors. Jake
text: chases after her.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Sina, wait —
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: Alipati and my uncle were right — I
dialog: should never have gotten involved
dialog: with you!
text: He grabs her, holds her tight. She struggles —
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: I promise I’1l help you.
text: She stops struggling and meets his eyes.
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: You promised to ‘help’ those other
dialog: people, too, but you didn’t really
dialog: believe it. Why should I believe
dialog: you now?
text: That hits Jake where it hurts. She pushes through the doors
text: into the church.
text: INSIDE, Sina runs up the centre aisle and stumbles in front
text: of the altar. The MINISTER hurries over to her.
text: Jake moves to follow —
text: Mr Va’‘a gets up from the front row of pews and stands over
text: Sina. She looks up at him, her face streaked with tears.
text: Jake hesitates. He takes the tattooing tool out of his
text: pocket, steeling himself ...
scene_heading: EXT. OTARA SHOPPING CENTRE - NIGHT 102
text: Dark in the shopping centre, shops closed. A few groups of
text: youths drink, smoke and laugh. Jake hurries through the
text: shadows, looking back over his shoulder. A car revs suddenly,
text: the nitro kicking in, and Jake jumps in fright.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 102
dialog: 103
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 102
text: He reaches the door of Alipati’s garage. A light inside. Jake
text: knocks, frantic. After a few moments, Alipati opens the door
text: and regards him, expressionless.
speaker_heading: ALIPATI
dialog: What you want this time? Singing
dialog: lessons?
text: Jake opens his hand, shows Alipati the tool. Alipati’s eyes
text: widen as he takes it.
speaker_heading: ALIPATI (CONT’D)
dialog: You take anything else? Shirt off
dialog: my back maybe? Or is that
dialog: everything?
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: There’s more.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH - NIGHT 103
text: SINA’S TATTOO has spread further. Mr Va’a looks at it
text: closely, his eyes following every line of the expanding pe’a
dialog: design.
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: Uncle, what is it?
speaker_heading: VA'A
dialog: Cover yourself up.
text: Sina does. She faces him, trembling, terrified ... pleading.
text: Va'a watches her, compassionate, saddened.
speaker_heading: VA'A (CONT'D)
dialog: My wife and I, we never had
dialog: children. You are the closest I
dialog: have to a daughter ... and I’m so
dialog: ashamed.
text: Sina crumbles, tears spilling down her face. Va’a, too, looks
text: deeply aggrieved.
speaker_heading: VA'A (CONT'D)
dialog: You run around with this palagi ...
dialog: embarrass me in front of everyone.
dialog: And now he give you the pe’a, not
dialog: the malu as a woman should have?
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: He didn’t —
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 103
dialog: 104
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 103
speaker_heading: VA'A
dialog: You hate me this much?
text: She shakes her head, devastated, lost.
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: Uncle, I don’t hate you.
speaker_heading: VA'A
dialog: You know I should turn my back on
dialog: you. How will they forgive this?
text: He is crying now.
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: What am I supposed to do?
text: Va'a takes the silver crucifix from around his neck. His hand
text: shakes as he holds it out to her.
speaker_heading: VA'A
dialog: Same as the rest of us — pray to
dialog: God, that he will show you the way.
text: Sina stares at the cross, undecided ...
speaker_heading: VA'A (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s the only way.
text: Sina’s trembling hand closes around the crucifix.
scene_heading: INT. ALIPATI’S GARAGE - NIGHT 104
text: Jake sits on the couch, his head in his hands. Alipati paces,
text: muttering. He looks down at Jake and shakes his head.
speaker_heading: ALIPATI
dialog: I’ve worked for years to make
dialog: people see tatau for what it is.
dialog: Pride. Honour. A birthright for all
dialog: Samoans. But there’s always people
dialog: like you, come along and think they
dialog: can take without asking —
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: I did ask.
speaker_heading: ALIPATI
dialog: And I said no!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 104
dialog: 105
dialog: 106
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 104
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: If I can find out what this spirit
dialog: wants, maybe I can —
speaker_heading: ALIPATI
dialog: What? Take him to Mickey D’s and
dialog: buy him a Happy Meal?
text: Jake faces up to Alipati, his fists balled. Then he backs
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: I’ve seen how they die.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH - NIGHT 105
text: Sina sits hunched in the front row of the church. Around her,
text: the sound of singing from the assembled congregation. Sina’s
text: mouth moves in muttered prayer.
text: Beyond the hymn, an undercurrent of TAPPING. Sina’s prayer
text: falters.
speaker_heading: JAKE (V.O.)
dialog: First the sounds, the visions ...
text: the tattoo, it grows. Then the ink,
text: from everywhere, like blood.
text: A cough wracks Sina and she doubles over, her hand going to
text: her mouth. As the spasm subsides, she looks down in horror
text: «+. to see flecks of black ink on her hand.
speaker_heading: JAKE (V.O.) (CONT'D)
text: She’1l scream and beg for the end ...
scene_heading: INT. ALIPATI’S GARAGE - NIGHT 106
text: Now Jake has Alipati’s full attention.
speaker_heading: JAKE
text: ... and then she’s gone.
speaker_heading: ALIPATI
dialog: This spirit’s doing this to people
dialog: you tattoo, right?
text: Jake nods.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 106
dialog: 107
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 78.
dialog: 106
speaker_heading: ALIPATI (CONT’D)
dialog: Then I’1l make this real easy — get
dialog: your arse on the next plane out of
dialog: here, and don’t tattoo anyone else.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Ever.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: But she'll die.
speaker_heading: ALIPATI
dialog: Maybe ... maybe not.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: You know something, don’t you?
speaker_heading: ALIPATI
dialog: This ain’t your lookout, brutha.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Listen, whether you like it or not,
dialog: my eyes are open now.
speaker_heading: ALIPATI
dialog: That right? Then how come you still
dialog: stumbling round in the dark?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Now get out of my garage.
scene_heading: EXT. ALIPATI’S GARAGE - NIGHT 107
text: SLAM! Alipati slams the door behind Jake. Frustrated, Jake
text: kicks over a rubbish bin.
speaker_heading: COUSIN (0.S.)
dialog: Ain’t you never heard of ‘be a tidy
dialog: Kiwi’?
text: Jake turns to see Osone’s two cousins hanging out beside
text: their car. Jake recognises them, approaches. They watch him
text: coolly.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: The other day, there was a kid with
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: COUSIN
dialog: Dunno what you mean.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Come on ... he said someone was
dialog: following me.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 107
dialog: 108
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 79.
dialog: 107
speaker_heading: OSONE (0.S.)
dialog: Skinny fella. Dead as.
text: Jake turns to see Osone, a skateboard in his hand. He nods.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: I need to know what he wants. Can
dialog: you ... ask him?
speaker_heading: OSONE
dialog: Nup.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You can aks him your own self. But
dialog: that’1l cost ya.
text: The cousins grin.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: How much?
speaker_heading: OSONE
dialog: Fiddy bucks. For me and my cousins.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Fiddy?
speaker_heading: OSONE
dialog: Each.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. COUSINS’ CAR/MOTORWAY - NIGHT 108
text: Jake sits in the back seat of the car, Osone next to him. The
text: seat is covered with clear plastic. Hip-hop bass pounds
dialog: around them.
text: Osone’s two cousins are crammed into the front seat, eyes
text: straight ahead as they drive.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Where are we going?
speaker_heading: OSONE
dialog: Louder.
text: The cousin in the passenger seat turns up the radio.
text: Jake cringes as the bass gets even louder. He looks outside
text: to see the towering street lamps of the Auckland motorway
text: passing at speed.
text: Osone closes his eyes.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 108
dialog: 109
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 108
speaker_heading: OSONE (CONT’D)
dialog: Louder.
scene_heading: INT. OSONE’S COUSINS’ CAR - NIGHT 109
text: Cringing, deafened, Jake looks around anxiously as the bass
text: reaches earth-shattering proportions. Lights seem to fly past
text: the window. Jake grips the door, his knuckles white.
text: Osone’s eyes dart under his eyelids. A thin line of blood
text: trickles from one of his nostrils.
text: Suddenly, the pounding bass is obliterated as a burst of
text: STATIC rips through the car, a deafening pulse of white noise
text: that oscillates with an undercurrent of angry whispering.
text: The cousin driving the car brakes hard.
scene_heading: EXT. AUCKLAND MOTORWAY - NIGHT 110
text: The car slams into a sharp skid, sliding sideways onto the
text: hard shoulder and coming to a stop. A car behind swerves
text: around it, laying on the horn.
scene_heading: INT. OSONE’S COUSINS’ CAR - NIGHT 111
text: The roar of whispers is deafening. Jake blocks his ears.
text: Osone convulses. Spots of blood flick from his nose and ears,
text: splattering the plastic covering the car’s interior.
text: Terrified, Jake tries to hold him.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: What’s happening ..?!
text: The cousins watch impassively from the front seat as Osone
text: convulses. His hand whips out and grabs Jake’s arm, vice-
dialog: like.
text: His voice booms — an adult voice. Multiple lines of song
text: overlap in a distorted, hair-raising cacophony:
speaker_heading: OSONE/TATTOOIST
dialog: O Le Tatau A Victoriaoa/I le
dialog: mafuaaga lenei na iloa/I le taaga o
dialog: le tatau i Victoriaoa/O le malaga a
dialog: teine e toalua ...
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: What’s he saying?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 111
speaker_heading: COUSIN
dialog: Something about tatau.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: (to Osone/Tattooist)
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: OSONE/TATTOOIST
dialog: (Samoan)
dialog: I am the ‘au and the sausau ...
speaker_heading: COUSIN
dialog: The tattooing tools!
speaker_heading: OSONE/TATTOOIST
dialog: (Samoan)
dialog: I am the singer and the song ...
speaker_heading: COUSIN
text: The singer and the song.
speaker_heading: OSONE/TATTOOIST
dialog: (Samoan)
dialog: The killer and the dead ...
speaker_heading: COUSIN
dialog: The killer and the dead!
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: OSONE/TATTOOIST
dialog: (Samoan)
dialog: To kill.
speaker_heading: COUSIN
text: He says he wants to kill.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Why?
text: The Tattooist’s roar shakes the car!
speaker_heading: OSONE/TATTOOIST
dialog: (in English)
dialog: THE SHAME!!!
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: What are you ashamed of?
text: The static seems to reach a crescendo as The Tattooist’s roar
text: echoes around them —
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 111
speaker_heading: JAKE (CONT'D)
dialog: TELL ME!
text: BOOM-BOOM-BOOM ... the static gives way to deafening hip-hop
text: once again. The cousin in the passenger seat flips off the
text: radio. Silence descends.
text: Osone sits up. He wipes blood off his upper lip.
speaker_heading: JAKE (CONT'D)
dialog: Get him back — I’m not finished!
speaker_heading: COUSIN
dialog: Can't do that, brother — he’s just
dialog: the smaller, eh.
speaker_heading: DRIVER COUSIN
dialog: _ (giggles)
dialog: Like a medium — but smaller!
text: The cousins crack up at the joke.
speaker_heading: OSONE
dialog: You can’t boss those ones around,
dialog: eh. They’re pure. Angry — that’s
dialog: it. You wanna try bossing round a
dialog: thunderstorm? Or ... a piece of
dialog: wood?
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Okay, I get it, I get it. So what
dialog: am I supposed to do now?
speaker_heading: OSONE
dialog: Quit your job?
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: I already got that advice for free.
speaker_heading: DRIVER COUSIN
dialog: Tatau ain’t really our field of
dialog: expertise, eh.
speaker_heading: COUSIN
dialog: (to Driver Cousin)
dialog: You were too chicken to get yours,
dialog: eh?
speaker_heading: DRIVER COUSIN
dialog: Shut up!
text: Jake’s mind is racing.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 111
dialog: 112
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 111
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Take me to church.
speaker_heading: COUSIN
dialog: Sweet as. For twennie bucks.
speaker_heading: DRIVER COUSIN
dialog: And petrol money.
text: Jake digs in his wallet.
speaker_heading: OSONE
dialog: Man upstairs ain’t gonna help you
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: It’s his flock I want to talk to.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH - NIGHT 112
text: The Minister stands before the congregation. The churchgoers
text: are on their feet, united in song. Their voices soar toward
dialog: the heavens.
text: At the front of the congregation, Sina sits with her head
text: bowed over Va’a’s silver crucifix necklace. Her eyes are
text: closed as her lips move in prayer. A HAND on her shoulder ...
text: mr Va’a, standing next to her, singing loudly.
text: BANG! The church doors swing open, framing Jake.
text: At the pulpit, the Minister stops in mid-song. Churchgoers
text: follow his gaze, including Mr Va’a. Sina looks up, dazed with
text: shock and fear.
text: The song peters out as Jake strides down the aisle. By the
text: time he reaches the front, a blanket of shocked silence has
text: descended. All eyes are on Jake.
text: Mr Va‘a steps into the aisle, a hand on Sina’s shoulder.
speaker_heading: MR VA'A
dialog: You are not welcome in this house.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Please ... tufuga.
text: Mr Va‘a is taken aback at Jake’s deference.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 112
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 112
speaker_heading: JAKE (CONT'D)
dialog: An angry spirit is using me to
dialog: kill. If I can learn who he is, I
dialog: might be able to stop him.
text: The churchgoers mutter to each other — what’s he talking
dialog: about?
speaker_heading: MR VA'A
dialog: Don’t bring your palagi nonsense in
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Sina, show them.
speaker_heading: MR VA'A
dialog: She doesn’t need your help.
text: Sina looks up at him, the crucifix clutched in her hand. She
text: doesn’t look so sure.
speaker_heading: MR VA‘A (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Sina)
dialog: You tell him, you place yourself in
dialog: God's hands tonight.
text: She gets to her feet.
speaker_heading: MR VA‘A (CONT'D)
dialog: Sina!
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Sina, please ... trust me.
text: Mr Va'a steps close to Jake and Sina, his voice lowered,
text: heavy with shame. The community listens with bated breath.
speaker_heading: MR VA'A
dialog: You have damned her body, boy —
dialog: will you take her soul as well?
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Sina, God can’t stop this ... but I
dialog: can.
text: Sina looks between them, making up her mind.
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: Uncle, I’m sorry ...
speaker_heading: MR VA'A
dialog: You are not my Aiga.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 112
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 112
text: She meets Va'a’s gaze, devastated ... then steps past him
text: into the aisle.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Show them.
text: She raises her top, revealing her tattoo to the congregation.
text: In the congregation, a WOMAN in her late 20s stands with her
text: HUSBAND. Her eyes widen with recognition, her hand goes to
text: her mouth. She looks around for support.
text: Mr Va'a’s expression roils with barely contained fury. His
text: fists clench tight and release, clench and release.
speaker_heading: JAKE (CONT’D)
dialog: (to the congregation)
dialog: The spirit who did this will
dialog: continue, until she’s dead ... or
text: until his shame is ended.
speaker_heading: MR VA'A
dialog: (to the congregation)
dialog: No, this is our business!
text: Up the back, the woman’s husband places his hand on her arm.
speaker_heading: HUSBAND
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: Let Mr Va’a deal with this.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: (to Va'a)
dialog: You turn your backs on people
dialog: you're ashamed of. But if you turn
dialog: your back on her, it’s you who
dialog: should be ashamed.
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: Uncle, please let them speak.
speaker_heading: MR VA'A
dialog: (roars)
dialog: I said LEAVE!
text: Mr Va'a faces the Minister. He starts to sing, loudly,
text: confidently. Around Jake and Sina, the congregation joins in,
text: uncertain at first, until the church is once again filled
dialog: with song.
text: Sina takes Jake’s hand and begins to drag him down the aisle
text: towards the door.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 112
dialog: 113
dialog: 114
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 112
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: YOU CAN’T JUST LET HER DIE!
text: The woman in the congregation watches Jake and Sina pass. She
text: looks around, catches the eye of some of the others. They nod
text: encouragement — go on.
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCH - NIGHT 113
text: Jake bursts through the church doors, supporting Sina. As
text: they stumble away from the church, Sina staggers and goes
text: down on her knees, retching ink. Jake kneels to cradle her,
dialog: desperate.
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: (disoriented)
dialog: I can see him...
text: The church door opens behind them. Jake looks up —
text: The woman from the congregation, standing at the top of the
text: steps. She looks desperately down at them, as though about to
text: speak. Her husband appears behind her and grabs her arm
text: roughly. She looks up at him and he shakes his head — no.
dialog: Jake remembers —
scene_heading: INT. PERENESE HOUSE — DAY — FLASHBACK 114
text: The bedroom door creaks open to reveal a photo of a young
text: woman on the shelf behind the Pereneses’ bed ... then the
text: next photo, then the next ... and finally the last Perenese
dialog: daughter.
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCH - NIGHT 115
text: Recognition hits Jake as the woman’s husband pulls her back
text: into the church and the doors slam shut behind them.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: I’ve seen her ...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PERENESE LIVING ROOM - DAY - FLASHBACK 116
text: Perenese stoops to lift the box of photographs. His shirt
text: rides up to reveal his pe’a.
dialog: 87.
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCH - NIGHT 117
text: Sina raises her head. Jake looks at her, his eyes filled with
dialog: hope.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: I know who the tattoo belongs to.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. JAKE’S CAR/PERENESE HOUSE — NIGHT 118
text: Jake stops the car. Sina looks up at Jake, flecks of black on
text: her lips.
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: (weakly)
dialog: I’m scared.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Lock the doors.
text: Jake climbs out of the car. Sina locks the doors behind him.
text: A rough neighbourhood by day, it’s scarier by night. Music
text: booms from a house further up the street. Dogs bark. A few
text: doors up, NEIGHBOURS sit on the front lawn.
text: Jake walks up to the edge of Perenese’s property and peers
text: around the neighbours’ fence. The house is dark. He scurries
text: up the side of the house.
text: Around the back, Jake tries the back door. It opens.
scene_heading: INT. PERENESE HOUSE — NIGHT - CONTINUOUS 119
text: Jake creeps inside, through the kitchen and into the hallway.
text: Dim light filters in from the street.
text: Jake pushes open the bedroom door. The photographs of the
text: four young women on the shelf above the bed smile at him in
dialog: the darkness.
text: Jake scans the room, then turns to the mirror. A white cloth
text: hangs over it. Jake pulls it away ... to reveal his own
text: reflection. He stares into the dark glass.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Where are you?
text: Jake heads down the hallway, deeper into the house. He pushes
text: open a door — a bathroom. The next door is locked.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 119
dialog: 120
dialog: 121
dialog: 122
dialog: 123
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 119
text: Jake stands back, considering ... then, POW! He kicks the
text: door. The wood cracks and the door bangs open. The air around
text: Jake seems to rush into the room as if into a vacuum.
scene_heading: INT. PERENESE HOUSE / BEDROOM — NIGHT 120
text: Jake crosses to the window and yanks opens the curtains.
text: Street light washes in, illuminating —
text: A boy's room, with a teenage lifetime’s accumulation — a
text: rugby ball, toys, books and cassettes — all neatly arranged
text: on the shelves and dresser, awaiting their owner’s return.
text: Photos adorn the walls. A school portrait, a league team, a
text: smiling teenager holding up a fish in one, in another wearing
text: a suit with a teenage girl on his arm.
text: And a final photo. Jake lifts it from the wall. The Perenese
text: family in front of the newly built church — Perenese, his
text: wife, four daughters and his SON, standing at the edge of the
text: frame. It’s the same photo Sina found torn in the box of
text: photos, but this one is complete.
text: The young man in the photos is THE TATTOOIST.
text: THUD! From elsewhere in the house. Jake freezes.
scene_heading: INT. JAKE’S CAR - NIGHT 121
text: BANG! The car rocks. Sina jumps. A wind seems to swirl around
text: her. She looks around nervously. A shape moves in the
text: reflective glass of the windows.
scene_heading: INT. PERENESE HOUSE / BEDROOM — NIGHT 122
text: Voices, the sound of the front door closing. Frantically,
text: Jake looks around for a weapon.
scene_heading: INT. PERENESE HOUSE — NIGHT 123
text: Mr Perenese steps out of the light of the living room into
text: the dark hallway. He calls over his shoulder:
speaker_heading: PERENESE
dialog: (in Samoan)
dialog: I don’t want to eat. I’m not
dialog: hungry.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 123
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 123
text: The old man stops in his tracks. Jake stands in the open
text: doorway of the boy’s room, a Samoan cricket bat in one hand,
text: the photo still held in the other.
text: Perenese stares Jake down with the eyes of a man who has
dialog: faced the worst life can deal him.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: What did you do to him?
speaker_heading: PERENESE
dialog: I don’t know what you’re talking
dialog: about.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Your son.
speaker_heading: PERENESE
dialog: We don’t speak of him... he
dialog: brought shame on this house.
text: Mrs Perenese appears in the living room doorway. At the sight
dialog: of Jake, she GASPS.
speaker_heading: PERENESE (CONT'D)
dialog: Call the police.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: What did he do? Speak up to you in
dialog: public? Skip church? What?
text: Perenese seems taken aback by Jake’s fury.
speaker_heading: PERENESE
dialog: He was a pe’a-mutu. He did not
dialog: finish his pe’a. You happy now?
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: And you killed him, you son of a
dialog: bitch. You were so afraid of what
dialog: people would think —
speaker_heading: PERENESE
dialog: No!
text: Tears well in Perenese’s eyes, his shoulders bowed with the
dialog: shame.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: If you really cared about him,
dialog: you'd’ve let him choose whether or
dialog: not he got a pe’a.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 123
dialog: 124
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 90.
dialog: (2) 123
speaker_heading: PERENESE
dialog: More than anything, he wanted to be
dialog: aman! I say, he is too young. But
dialog: he ask me ... he beg me to get the
dialog: pe’a.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: If he wanted it so bad, then why
dialog: the hell didn’t he finish? Huh?
speaker_heading: PERENESE
dialog: I don’t know. Before he get the
dialog: pe’a, I pass on to him the ulalei
dialog: given to me my father, to give him
dialog: the strength it gave to my family.
dialog: He take it from me. I never see it,
dialog: or him, again.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: I've seen him.
speaker_heading: PERENESE
dialog: (hopeful)
dialog: Lomi? Where is he?
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: I was hoping you could tell me.
speaker_heading: PERENESE
dialog: Please ... I don’t understand.
text: His confusion is genuine. Jake looks away, thinking hard.
scene_heading: INT. JAKE’
dialog: BANG! The
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: How did you find out he was gone?
speaker_heading: PERENESE
dialog: He said he go to the tufuga, for
dialog: the pe’a. But the tufuga never saw
dialog: him on that day.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Who was doing his pe’a?
speaker_heading: S CAR - NIGHT 124
text: car jolts. Sina looks around wildly. Something
text: moves in the wing mirror! She spins again — a dark shape
text: shifts past the rearview mirror. It’s inside the car.
text: CLICK — the car doors unlock in unison!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 124
dialog: 125
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 124
text: Sina SCREAMS and lunges for the driver's door. She slams the
text: locks back down. THUMP! Banging on the glass outside. Sina
speaker_heading: GASPS —
text: Jake is at the window.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: It’s me!
text: Shaking, Sina unlocks the car and Jake gets in.
speaker_heading: JAKE (CONT’D)
dialog: His name was Lomi Perenese. And I
dialog: know who killed him.
text: Jake starts the car.
scene_heading: INT. MR VA'A’S HOUSE - NIGHT 125
text: A vintage stylus rides a wave of warped vinyl as an old
text: record spins. The music is the eerie Samoan song from the
text: dream of the Tattooist, punctuated by the muffled crackle of
text: needle on scratched 45.
text: Mr Va'a’s church jacket hangs over the back of his chair.
text: Beyond, Mr Va’a carries a white lace cloth and drapes it over
text: the mirror in his living room.
text: BANGING on the front door. His eyes narrow warily.
text: Va'a opens the door ... and relaxes.
speaker_heading: MR VA'A
dialog: (in Samoan)
dialog: Alipati, it’s late.
text: Alipati fingers something in his hand. Va’a looks down:
text: The bone and wood tattooing tool is in his hands.
text: Va'a looks back up, wary once again.
speaker_heading: ALIPATI
dialog: (in Samoan)
dialog: When you handed down your tools,
dialog: what else did you pass to me?
speaker_heading: MR VA'A
dialog: (in Samoan)
dialog: Come in.
dialog: 126
dialog: 127
dialog: 128
dialog: 129
dialog: 92.
scene_heading: EXT. MR VA’A’S HOUSE - NIGHT 126
text: Jake's car pulls up outside Va’a’s house. Jake opens the door
text: for Sina and helps her up the side of the house. She moans in
text: pain, stumbles.
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: You can’t ... accuse my uncle of
dialog: murder ... you need proof.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: We'll find it. We just gotta know
dialog: where to look.
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: He used to ... work in his shed.
dialog: Locked ever since.
text: The faintest TAP-TAP-TAP ... a ghostly memory.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: (to himself)
text: Right in front of my eyes.
text: Light spills out of the living room window onto the pathway
text: ahead. The curtains are open. Jake risks a peep over the
text: windowsill and gapes in surprise.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM — NIGHT 127
text: Inside, Alipati paces nervously as he speaks to Va’a in even
text: tones. He indicates the tattooing tool that sits on the
text: dining table. Va’a glares at him, eyes blazing.
scene_heading: EXT. MR VA’A’S HOUSE - NIGHT 128
text: Sina retches. Jake cringes and pulls her against him to
text: muffle the sound as droplets of ink patter onto his chest.
text: A shadow falls across the pathway ahead. Above them, Mr Va‘a
text: looms at the window. He stands sentinel for what seems like
text: an eternity. Below, Jake doesn’t dare to breathe.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM — NIGHT 129
text: Mr Va‘a stares out of the window. His own reflection on the
text: glass comes into focus. He yanks the curtains closed.
dialog: 130
dialog: 131
dialog: 132
dialog: 93.
scene_heading: EXT. GARDEN — NIGHT 130
text: Jake breathes a sigh of relief. Keeping low to the ground, he
text: and Sina stumble towards the shed.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 131
text: Mr Va’a turns from the window to where Alipati paces.
speaker_heading: ALIPATI
dialog: (in Samoan)
dialog: It’s always bad luck for them to
dialog: get the pe’a alone!
text: Alipati turns his back, head down as he gathers his thoughts.
text: Immediately Va’a moves — lightning quick for a man of his
text: size. He lifts a small table from beside his easy chair and
text: smashes Alipati on the head. Alipati crumples.
text: The song ends as the needle runs into the groove at the end
text: of the 45 ... lifts ... and returns to the beginning. The
text: song starts again.
scene_heading: INT. SHED — NIGHT 132
text: The door scrapes open, sweeping a shaft of moonlight across
text: old flax mats and dirt floor, a rake and shovel. A dirty
text: mirror leans against one wall.
text: Jake lies Sina against the wall and kneels beside her. She is
text: fading fast. The tattoo is spreading up her neck now towards
text: her face.
text: He stands, looks around. On the wall, a familiar tapa cloth,
text: faded with age but recognisable. Jake kneels, examines the
text: flax mats, stained in patches.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: I’ve dreamed this place.
text: He pulls up the flax mats. The dirt beneath is packed hard,
text: but uneven. He grabs the shovel.
text: CLANG! Jake brings the shovel down on the hard earth,
text: dislodging a chunk of it. CLANG-CLANG! He hacks again,
text: churning up the ground to reveal —
text: A dull, pale section of skull. Teeth protrude from its
dialog: jawbone.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 132
dialog: 133
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 132
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: Why?
text: Jake crouches and puts his arms around her.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: It’s finished now — that’s all that
dialog: matters. Lomi’s got nothing to be
dialog: ashamed of.
text: Sina nestles her head against him and closes her eyes.
text: Jake looks up, to the dirty mirror against the wall. A
text: glimpse of a dark shape standing over them —
text: CLANG! Sina’s eyes flick open in shock. A massive spasm
text: wracks her body. More lines of pe’a appear, snaking up her
dialog: neck.
text: Alarmed, Jake turns back to Lomi’s remains.
speaker_heading: JAKE (CONT'D)
dialog: We know you didn’t run! What more
dialog: do you want?
text: He stares in anguish at the bones ... and sees something else
text: in the dirt. He scrabbles frantically with his hands,
text: unearthing a necklace of long whale teeth, a traditional
text: Samoan ulalei. The one from the image in Mr Perenese’s house.
speaker_heading: JAKE (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s not about his shame ... The
text: shame is on his family.
text: The BANG of a door from outside. Jake spins, terrified. He
text: looks out of the shed to see —
scene_heading: EXT. GARDEN - NIGHT 133
text: Head down, Mr Va’a drags Alipati across the garden by his
dialog: hair.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: You're gonna need a bigger shed.
text: Va'a drops Alipati and glares at Jake. Before Jake can act,
text: Va'a steps to the edge of the shed and lifts the machete from
text: where it leans.
text: With surprising agility, Mr Va’a lunges. The machete whooshes
text: through the air, glances off the iron wall as Jake sidesteps.
text: He tackles Va’a, shoving him out into the garden.
dialog: 134
dialog: 135
dialog: 136
dialog: 95.
scene_heading: INT. SHED - NIGHT 134
text: The Tattooist emerges from the shadows at the end of the
text: shed, his eyes fixed on Sina.
scene_heading: EXT. GARDEN — NIGHT 135
text: Mr Va'a finds his feet, swings the machete sideways,
text: backhanded, cracking Jake over the head. Jake reels and falls
text: on the grass.
text: Va'a stands over him, swings the machete. Jake reaches for a
text: piece of firewood, swings it up like a shield ... the machete
text: whistles down — CHOCK! The blade sticks in the wood. Va’a
text: rips the wood from Jake’s hands and shakes it from the blade.
text: He swings again. Jake rolls — THUNK! The blade sinks deep
text: into the ground. Mr Va’a leans down to grasp the machete with
dialog: both hands.
text: Jake scrambles away and races towards the house.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN / LIVING ROOM — NIGHT 136
text: Jake slams the kitchen door shut. He locks it - SMASH! The
text: machete smashes through the glass. Mr Va’a reaches inside
text: clawing for the lock.
text: Jake scrambles into the living room, looking for ...
text: The phone! He snatches up the receiver, reaches for the
text: buttons as — SMASH! The machete cleaves the plastic in two.
text: Jake jumps clear, picks up one of the dining chairs — SMASH!
text: A blow from the machete shatters it, leaving Jake with a
text: piece of wood.
speaker_heading: MR VA'A
dialog: Didn’t anyone ever tell you not to
dialog: fuck with an islander with a
dialog: machete?
text: Mr Va'a swings — THUNK! The blade lodges in the dining table.
text: Jake grabs Mr Va’a in a rugby tackle, slamming him against
dialog: the wall.
text: VVVVVVIP! The needle scrapes off the 45 as the record player
text: crashes to the floor.
dialog: 137
dialog: 138
dialog: 139
dialog: 140
dialog: 141
dialog: 96.
scene_heading: EXT. GARDEN - NIGHT 137
text: Alipati stirs. He picks himself up, groaning. Blood runs down
text: the side of his face. He shakes his head and gets unsteadily
text: to his feet.
scene_heading: INT. SHED - NIGHT 138
text: Sina looks up as the spirit stands over her. His eyes blaze
text: with malice. Weakly, she crawls towards the shed door. The
text: Tattooist raises his hammer — TAP-TAP-CLANG! Sina cries out
text: in agony.
text: A shadow fills the doorway — Alipati. His eyes move from Sina
text: to the excavated grave.
speaker_heading: ALIPATI
dialog: Sina?
text: Sina holds something out to Alipati in a shaking hand.
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: Perenese ... take this to Mr
dialog: Perenese.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN / LIVING ROOM — NIGHT 139
text: Jake slams Mr Va’a against the wall.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: You're a murderer!
speaker_heading: MR VA'A
dialog: No!
scene_heading: INT. SHED - NIGHT 140
text: A brief FLASH of the dream images ... flesh festers and weeps
text: +. Lomi’s fist clenches in pain.
speaker_heading: MR VA‘A (V.O.)
dialog: His pe’a was infected.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 141
text: Jake glares at Va’‘a.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 141
dialog: 142
dialog: 143
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 141
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: He could have been saved ... there
dialog: are doctors —
speaker_heading: MR VA'A
dialog: Like you, they would not have
dialog: understood.
text: Va'a shoves Jake back across the room. He advances, wrenching
text: the machete from the table.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: So you killed him and said he ran
dialog: away — you brought shame on the
dialog: Pereneses instead of on yourself.
scene_heading: INT. SHED - NIGHT 142
text: Lomi gasps in agony on the flax mats. The dark shadow of Mr
text: Va'a stands over him, the machete raised. The blade falls —
speaker_heading: CHOCK!
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM — NIGHT 143
text: Jake presses up against the wall as Va'’a approaches,
dialog: menacing.
speaker_heading: MR VA'A
dialog: He got sick because his spirit was
dialog: weak! It was a mercy, to kill him.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: What about Sina and Alipati,
dialog: Victoria, Luke ... their blood’s on
dialog: your hands too! It’s you who should
dialog: be ashamed!
speaker_heading: MR VA'A
dialog: I would rather DIE than live in
dialog: shame!
text: Va'a throws Jake back into the sideboard, grabs him by the
text: throat with a meaty fist and raises the machete. He swings —
text: THUNK! The blade is buried in the wall.
text: As Mr Va'a wrenches the machete free, Jake scans the room for
text: a weapon. His eyes alight on the tool on the table Alipati
text: brought with him. Jake grabs the tool and runs for the door.
dialog: 144
dialog: 145
dialog: 146
dialog: 98.
scene_heading: EXT. PERENESE HOUSE - NIGHT 144
text: Alipati bangs on Mr Perenese’s door, out of breath.
text: From inside, the sound of approaching footsteps. The door
text: opens, and Mr Perenese stares out at Alipati.
speaker_heading: PERENESE
dialog: What do you want?
text: Alipati holds something out to Mr Perenese. He looks down at
text: it, his eyes filling with tears ... The whalebone necklace,
dialog: Lomi’s ulalei.
scene_heading: EXT. GARDEN - NIGHT 145
text: Jake races out of the house, crossing the garden to the shed.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Sina!
scene_heading: INT. SHED - NIGHT 146
text: Jake bursts into the shed and looks around wildly. Signs of a
text: struggle ... patches of black ink, splatters and a trail,
text: leading to a dark corner. Jake steps closer. Sina huddles
text: there, her breath ragged and erratic.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Sina ..?
text: CLANG! Jake turns towards the sound: the mirror. A glimpse of
text: the Tattooist straddling her, his tools falling with
text: cataclysmic force. She flinches with the might of each blow.
speaker_heading: JAKE (CONT'D)
dialog: (roars)
dialog: LEAVE HER ALONE!
speaker_heading: VA'A (0.S.)
dialog: Let her go, boy. It is a mercy.
text: Jake spins to see Va’a standing in the doorway, the machete
text: in his hand. He is covered in blood, dirt and sweat. He looks
text: like he’s at the end of the line.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Never.
text: Va'a nods, like he expected this. He hefts the machete.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 146
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 146
speaker_heading: VA'A
dialog: Then get used to this place. You're
dialog: gonna be here for a long time.
text: Va'a raises the machete, lunges, as —
text: Jake steps aside and plunges the tattooing tool into Va’a’s
dialog: neck!
text: Mr Va'a ROARS in pain and stumbles back. He wrenches the tool
text: from his neck. It squirts blood, then a plume of black ink
text: that slows to a trickle. Mr Va’a looks blankly at Jake ...
text: then sneers.
speaker_heading: MR VA'A
dialog: I wear the pe’a boy. One little
dialog: prick ain’t gonna hurt me.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Wait’1l you see what this little
dialog: prick can do.
text: Va'a scoffs ... then looks past Jake to the shadows.
text: Glaring from between light and dark is THE TATOOIST, the fury
text: that has kept him from peace burning in his eyes. Va’a’s face
text: goes slack with terror. He looks to the tool in his hand,
text: then to Jake, realising what Jake’s done.
text: Wind sighs through the walls, under the roof. The strumming
text: of the guitar, the lilting song.
text: Va'a backs away, stumbles into Lomi’s grave and falls. He
text: whimpers in fear.
text: Jake gathers Sina in his arms.
text: CLANG! Mr Va’‘a jolts. Blood blooms on his T-shirt. Va’a rips
text: off his T-shirt to expose his torso — streaked with blood. A
text: fresh line of tatau extends from his pe’a.
text: Va'a looks to Jake in absolute horror. In the mirror, another
text: horrifying glimpse of the tattooist, standing over Va'a,
text: hammering brutally ...
text: Va'a moans in panic, thrashes in pain. Then he freezes as he
text: looks past Jake ... to where Mr Perenese stands in the
text: doorway, Alipati behind him. Perenese holds the ulalei in
text: shaking hands.
text: Jake looks to the mirror — the Tattooist looks up from Va'‘a,
text: his eyes burning with rage. Held aloft ready for another
text: blow, his tools drip ink and blood.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 146
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 146
text: Seeing the grave, Mr Perenese approaches slowly. Tears run
text: down his cheeks. Jake watches, moved by the old man’s
dialog: emotion.
text: Va'a begins to crawl weakly away into the shadows.
text: Perenese goes down on one knee at the edge of the grave. He
text: looks up at Jake mournfully.
speaker_heading: PERENESE
dialog: For my shame, I’m sorry. If I was
dialog: hard on him, it was only because I
dialog: loved him so much ... my son.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: I understand that now.
text: Mr Perenese holds out the ulalei. In the mirror, a flicker of
text: The Tattooist, crouching in the grave. The ulalei falls
text: through the apparition to grace Lomi’s bones once more. The
text: wind seems to sigh through the structure of the shed, as
text: though relieving it of some great burden ... then silence.
text: A thick COUGHING from the corner ... Va’a. Mr Perenese turns,
text: strides over, stands over Mr Va'a.
text: Slowly, emphatically, Mr Perenese unbuttons his shirt to
text: revealing his spectacular pe’a. Then he bends, picks up the
text: machete. Va’a cowers as Mr Perenese raises the weapon, his
text: eyes burning with rage —
speaker_heading: JAKE (CONT’D)
dialog: Wait.
text: Perenese turns, aghast at Jake’s intervention.
speaker_heading: PERENESE
dialog: You know nothing of this.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: He needs to pay for what he did...
speaker_heading: PERENESE
dialog: (nods )
text: As he must — with his life.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: He said he’d rather die, than live
dialog: in shame.
text: Perenese thinks about his, his eyes never leaving Va'a.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 146
dialog: 147
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 146
speaker_heading: PERENESE
dialog: There’1l be no mercy for him.
text: At last, Perenese allows the point of the machete to rest in
text: the dirt. Alipati stands beside him, looking down at Mr Va’a
dialog: in disgust.
speaker_heading: ALIPATI
dialog: There’s another price he can pay.
speaker_heading: MR VA'A
dialog: (humble)
dialog: What do you ask of me, tufuga?
text: Mr Perenese holds the machete out to Va’a — take it. Va‘a’s
text: eyes widen in fear, realising what it is that Perenese wants.
text: He grasps the machete with a trembling hand.
text: Jake’s eyes widen in horror as OFFSCREEN, Va’a gives a thick,
text: ugly MOAN. Jake turns away.
text: He crosses to Sina and lifts her in his arms. As the sounds
text: of Va'a’s penance continue, he steps out of the shed and
text: disappears into the darkness.
speaker_heading: FADE TO BLACK
text: The sound of SAMOAN VOICES united in song - a FUNERAL HYMN.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT/INT. CEMETERY/PERENESE HOUSE/JAKE’S APARTMENT - DAY 147
text: The song continues over a series of INTERCUT IMAGES:
text: The sun breaks through the clouds above —
text: The CHURCH CEMETERY. A large crowd of MOURNERS stands around
text: an unseen grave, SINGING in unison.
text: THE PERENESE HOUSE — cars, vans, utes pull up outside. Mrs
text: Perenese steps out onto the front doorstep, confused ... then
text: breaks into a tearful smile.
text: JAKE'S HAND caresses Sina’s back, the tattoo he gave her, the
text: chaotic marks of Lomi’s pe’a, now healed into rigid scars.
text: ON THE PERENESE PATHWAY, members of the community make their
text: way towards the house, their expressions conciliatory. One by
text: one, they hug Mrs Perenese.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 147
dialog: 148
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 147
text: JAKE'S NEEDLE BUZZES, joining the broken lines of tatau,
text: adding colour, definition, beauty. Sina lies face down. Jake
text: leans to whisper.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Does it hurt?
speaker_heading: SINA
dialog: (shakes her head, smiles)
dialog: Not anymore.
text: THE GRAFFITI on the fence is painted around, coloured,
text: incorporated into a Pacific mural, beautified ... The broken
text: window pane is replaced ...
text: JAKE TATTOOS across Sina’s belly — an image wholly original
text: now — beautiful, vibrant, a tattoo of life.
text: IN THE GARDEN, kids play while others rally around the
text: Pereneses. Mrs Perenese sits in a garden chair, her dress
text: brightly coloured, her smile wide.
text: THE CEMETERY, where the mourners make their way towards the
dialog: church.
text: THE TATTOO completed, Sina smiles up at Jake. He puts his
text: arms around her, kisses her, the images of their tattoos
text: seeming to merge into a whole.
text: Fading in, the sound of a RINGING TONE ...
scene_heading: INT. JAKE’S BEDROOM - DAY 148
text: Jake sits on the edge of his bed, the phone to his ear,
text: waiting as the phone on the other end continues to ring.
text: Finally, a click as the connection is made.
speaker_heading: FATHER (V.O.)
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Hey, Dad ... it’s me.
text: Tears in his eyes, Jake smiles as we ...
speaker_heading: FADE TO BLACK
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
dialog: 149
dialog: 150
dialog: 103.
scene_heading: EXT. MR VA’A’S HOUSE - DAY 149
text: A grey South Auckland day. A van pulls up, HOMECARE written
text: on the side. A middle-aged white woman steps out — a HOMECARE
text: VOLUNTEER. She takes a plastic covered tray from the back of
text: the van and heads towards —
text: Mr Va'a’s house, now fallen into disrepair. The garden is
text: wild and overgrown. Where the shed once was, there is a naked
text: pit containing rubbish and garden waste.
text: The Volunteer heads up the driveway towards the back door.
scene_heading: INT. MR VA'A’S HOUSE - DAY 150
text: Moving slowly through the house. The silence is oppressive.
text: The sound of a key in the lock, then the Volunteer lets
dialog: herself in.
speaker_heading: VOLUNTEER
dialog: (calls cheerily)
dialog: Mr Va'a? Homecare!
text: No response. She steps tentatively inside and creeps down the
dialog: hallway.
text: The further into the house she steps, the more creeped out
text: the volunteer looks. Curtains are drawn. Objects, clothes,
text: empty plates lie strewn. Flies buzz.
text: She steps into the LIVING ROOM, looks around and GASPS —
text: Mr Va'a’s chair is a dark shape at the end of the room.
text: Rattled, the Volunteer approaches slowly.
speaker_heading: VOLUNTEER (CONT'D)
dialog: Mr Va‘a, my name’s Rachel ... I
dialog: have your lunch for you.
text: Va'a’s fists clench and unclench on the arms of his chair. A
text: low insane CACKLE. Trying to ignore him, the Volunteer busies
text: herself, unpacking his lunch.
text: Va'a pounds the arm of the chair in frustration. We glimpse
text: powerful arms covered in raised scarring.
speaker_heading: MR VA'A
dialog: The shame ...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 150
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 150
speaker_heading: VOLUNTEER
dialog: Now Mr Va’‘a, you'll need to calm
dialog: down before you can —
text: She turns to him with his lunch, sees him and GASPS despite
dialog: herself —
dialog: We push in to find him now:
text: Below the chest, his body is a contoured mass of scar tissue
text: where his pe’a has been cut from his body. A jagged landscape
text: of pain, carved and sutured, pitted by the removal of deep
text: chunks of flesh, in other places flayed and then grafted
dialog: over.
speaker_heading: MR VA'A
dialog: ... the shame!
dialog: On this ruin of a man, we ...
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
dialog: 
