speaker_heading: THE RIDER
dialog: Written by
dialog: Chloé Zhao
scene_heading: I/E. FLIP CAM / CELL PHONE FOOTAGE
text: The Badlands of South Dakota. Young Indian cowboys at the
text: Great Plains rodeos, on the Pine Ridge reservation. At
text: parties in motel rooms, on the road. Harsh, raw and wild.
text: BRADY, 21 years old, riding saddle bronc at various rodeos.
text: A final ride shows the near fatal moment when he is bucked
text: off and trampled beneath the horse, sustaining a devastating
text: head injury. The crowd gasps as people run to help the young
text: man lying crumpled on the ground...
scene_heading: I/E. HOSPITAL/CORRAL (DREAM SEQUENCE)
text: Blackness. Sounds of a rodeo. Heavy breathing. Blurry
text: flashing light.
text: Brady's eye, blood clogged, flutters open and closes. The
text: blurry figures of doctors above him. Blood smeared across the
text: white pillow.
text: Intercutting, linking Brady’s body to that of a horse’s body:
text: Brady's scar-covered right hand twitches violently. / Horse
text: hoofs kicking up dirt.
text: Doctor’s hands put breathing tubes into Brady’s mouth and
text: down his throat. / Brady’s hands putting a metal horse bit
text: into a horse’s mouth.
text: Doctor's hands putting oxygen tubes around Brady’s face and
text: up his nose. / Brady’s hands putting a leather halter around
text: a horse’s face.
text: Nurses’s hands holding Brady down, putting straps over his
text: arms. / Brady puts a heavy saddle on the horse.
text: Brady struggles, trying to pull himself away from the bed. /
text: The horse Brady is breaking struggles not to be rode,
text: bucking, shaking, neighing loudly.
dialog: Black.
scene_heading: EXT. PRAIRIE - DAWN
text: The silence of a peaceful prairie at dusk.
text: The sky shades of purple and orange. Short grass, rolling
text: hills. Faint howls of coyotes in the distance.
text: A small figure breaks the stillness.
text: Brady walks across the plains wearing a hospital gown and
text: cowboy boots. He has a gauze on the right side of his head.
text: Fresh bruises around his eyes. He has run away from the
text: hospital, dazed and tired from the long walk.
text: He splashes through a stream of mud and horse shit.
text: He walks towards the warm orange light of the trailer house
text: in the distance.
scene_heading: INT. BRADY'S TRAILER - LIVING ROOM — MORNING
text: Brady walks into the dim living room. The light flickers. He
text: is pale, covered in sweat and out of breath.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Dad?
text: He stands still. No answer.
scene_heading: INT. BRADY'S TRAILER - LILLY’S ROOM - MORNING
text: Brady walks in and finds his little sister LILLY asleep. She
text: is 14 year old, bright, spirited and on the brink of
text: womanhood. She has Asperger's Syndrome.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Hey Lillian... Do you know where
dialog: dad is?
text: Lilly is still half-asleep.
speaker_heading: LILLY
dialog: No...
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Ok... Go back to sleep.
scene_heading: INT. BRADY'S TRAILER - BRADY'S BEDROOM - MORNING
text: Brady wakes up in bed covered in sweat.
scene_heading: INT. BRADY’S TRAILER - BATHROOM - MORNING
text: Brady throws up in the toilet bowl.
text: He takes a handful of prescription medication.
dialog: 3.
text: The bloody gauze is stapled to his head. He feels the staples
text: with his fingers, taking deep breaths and begins to pull them
text: out of his head with a hunting knife.
text: The bloody staples drop onto the counter one by one.
text: The fresh wound, stitched together on the back of his shaven
text: head is shocking. It looks fresh and raw.
scene_heading: INT. BRADY'S TRAILER - BATHROOM - MOMENTS LATER
text: Brady wraps his head with plastic wrap and takes a shower
text: awkwardly, taking care that his head doesn’t get wet.
scene_heading: INT. BRADY'S TRAILER - LIVING ROOM - MORNING
text: Brady walks through the messy living room towards the
text: fluorescent glow in the kitchen.
scene_heading: INT. BRADY'S TRAILER - KITCHEN - MORNING
text: Brady waits as the coffee brews, spacing out.
text: He takes a sip of the hot coffee. Another sip.
text: His right hand twitches suddenly and starts to shake.
text: Surprised, he quickly grabs it with his left hand, but drops
text: the coffee cup. It shatters to the ground, coffee spilling
text: across the cracked vinyl floor.
text: Panicked and confused, Brady shakes his hand.
scene_heading: EXT. BRADY’S TRAILER - MORNING
text: In the blue dawn, Brady can be seen from a distance, walking
text: from the little trailer towards the corral, where a pale
text: horse is tied up.
scene_heading: EXT. BRADY’S TRAILER - CORRAL - MORNING
text: Brady pets GUS, his favorite horse and oldest companion.
text: He’s a large, and magnificent, pale colored Palomino. The
text: love between them is clear.
text: Brady’s hand runs through Gus’s smooth coat.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: It’s good to see you Gus.
text: Brady notices a cut on Gus’s leg.
speaker_heading: BRADY (CONT'D)
dialog: What did you get yourself into?
text: He checks the wound nervously.
speaker_heading: BRADY (CONT'D)
dialog: Fighting over mares again? You're
dialog: lucky it wasn’t any deeper.
text: He wraps his arms around Gus’ neck, like a child that has
dialog: been away from home too long.
scene_heading: EXT. BRADY’S TRAILER - FRONT YARD - MORNING
text: Brady practices lassoing with a ranch rope. He’s rusty,
text: missing the target repeatedly.
text: An old pick-up pulls up. WAYNE, Brady’s father, an old-school
text: cowboy wearing a black denim jacket and cowboy hat, comes
text: back drunk.
text: Brady is not happy to see him.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: What the hell are you doing here?
text: Brady ignores him.
speaker_heading: WAYNE (CONT’D)
dialog: I seen Tanner at the bar and he
dialog: said you escaped.
text: Wayne giggles as he climbs out of the pick-up.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Told you to check me out.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Doctors said you had to stay,
dialog: buddy.
text: Wayne goes up to Brady.
speaker_heading: WAYNE (CONT’D)
dialog: Give me a hug.
text: Brady backs away.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Why don’t you just go inside and
dialog: sober up?
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Sober up!? Let me see you rope
dialog: that.
text: Wayne points at the plastic steer dummy.
speaker_heading: WAYNE (CONT’D)
dialog: Checking yourself out of the
dialog: hospital like your uncle Rowdy?
text: Annoyed, Brady ropes anyway and misses it again.
text: Wayne starts laughing.
speaker_heading: WAYNE (CONT’D)
dialog: What the hell? Can’t you rope
dialog: anymore? Maybe you should’ve stayed
text: in the hospital.
text: Taking a deep breath. Brady ignores him.
speaker_heading: WAYNE (CONT’D)
dialog: You got any chew?
text: Brady sighs, takes his tobacco chew out of his pocket and
text: tosses it to Wayne.
text: Wayne puts the chew in his mouth and walks up to Brady again.
speaker_heading: WAYNE (CONT’D)
dialog: Just give me a hug.
text: Brady lets his father hug him. His expression is blank.
speaker_heading: WAYNE (CONT’D)
dialog: Your hat and chaps are in the
dialog: backseat. Love ya...
text: Wayne staggers away into the house. Brady watches him for a
text: moment before going back to roping again.
scene_heading: INT. BRADY’S TRAILER - BRADY’S ROOM - MORNING
text: Brady puts his rodeo hat on the panelled wall. He takes his
text: leather chaps and his spurs out of a black trash bag.
text: He sits on the edge of the bed and cleans them.
scene_heading: INT. BRADY'S TRAILER - KITCHEN - DAY
text: Brady plays cards alone at the table. Wayne, sobered up,
text: makes three microwaved burgers (Chuck Wagons).
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Lil, Lilla! Hustle!!
text: Wayne calls Lilly to come eat.
speaker_heading: LILLY
dialog: Be quiet!
text: Lilly walks in a small voice recorder and an apple.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Are you ready?
speaker_heading: LILLY
dialog: Ready for what?
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: To eat!
speaker_heading: LILLY
dialog: No! Just point down!
text: Lilly goes to sit down despite her protests.
speaker_heading: LILLY (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m just doesn’t no understand. And
dialog: I can’t use to imagine that.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: There’s supper. You better have a
dialog: bit of that Chuck Wagon.
speaker_heading: LILLY
dialog: No way! I don’t like it!
text: Wayne puts the soggy microwaved burger in front of her.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Just look at it. Just look at it
dialog: for a second.
text: Lilly stares at it.
speaker_heading: LILLY
dialog: No. I’m sick of it.
text: She pushes it away and looks over at Brady.
speaker_heading: LILLY (CONT'D)
dialog: But I can’t do anything and it’s
dialog: making me all mad. Now it’s a dream
dialog: and it’s not a plan as well.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Ok, ok. I will make a deal with
dialog: you. A bite of the Chuck Wagon
dialog: or... wear a bra.
speaker_heading: LILLY
dialog: But I don’t like that bra ever!
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Brady, get her that bra.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: You shouldn’t try to force her to
dialog: eat things she doesn’t wanna eat.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: She has to eat something and this
dialog: is the only food we got.
speaker_heading: LILLY
dialog: No way! I don’t like it! Just BS!
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: You're stubborn just like your
dialog: brother. Look how he ended up!
speaker_heading: LILLY
dialog: That’s dirty.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
text: Big old gash on the side of his
dialog: head. I told you not to go and ride
dialog: that son-of-a-bitch anyway.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Yah well, I would’ve won the rodeo
dialog: if I had got her rode.
text: Wayne looks away for a moment.
speaker_heading: LILLY
dialog: Excuse me, guys...
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Whole point is... I told you to
dialog: stay home.
text: Wayne chucks down his beer.
text: Brady stares blankly into his burger.
scene_heading: EXT. FAMILY CEMETORY - DAY
text: The Blackburn family grave yard - a cluster of wooden
text: crosses. Some ancient and some new.
text: Rusted horseshoes and weathered cowboy boots are scattered
text: around the long grass.
text: Brady opens the barbwire gate. A bell tied to the metal,
text: chimes gently as he closes it behind him.
text: Brady prays silently in front of his mother’s grave. On the
text: wooden cross it reads: Mari Blackburn. 1963-2013. A few
text: children’s star stickers pasted on the weathered wood.
dialog: Lilly’s handy work.
text: Brady looks up at the wooden cross.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: I was tough, mom.
text: The sound of bell chimes and long grass blowing in the wind.
text: Brady sits there and listens.
scene_heading: INT. BRADY’S BEDROOM - DAY
text: Brady is trying to take a nap. The wound on the side of his
text: head looks dried up. He can hear Lilly’s laughter.
text: Lilly walks in.
speaker_heading: LILLY
dialog: What’s the matter Brady?
text: She sees his wound.
speaker_heading: LILLY (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh boy. Oh poor Brady.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Sit down, Lil.
text: Brady grabs her hand and pulls her to sit down. She touches
text: his shoulders gently while inspecting his wound.
speaker_heading: LILLY
dialog: You won’t get hurt yourself...
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: I didn’t mean to.
speaker_heading: LILLY
dialog: It’s ok. Come here.
text: Lilly gives him a hug.
speaker_heading: LILLY (CONT'D)
dialog: Listen... This time... You don’t...
text: Lilly struggles to find her words.
speaker_heading: LILLY (CONT'D)
dialog: You don’t hurt boo boo?
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Yah.
text: She points at Brady’s wound.
speaker_heading: LILLY
dialog: This is a head.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Yah.
speaker_heading: LILLY
dialog: It’s called ‘skull’.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Yah. I hurt my skull. You know what
dialog: they had to do? They had to do
dialog: surgery.
speaker_heading: LILLY
dialog: Surgery?! Don’t joke me.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: You know what they do when they do
dialog: surgery?
speaker_heading: LILLY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: What do they do?
speaker_heading: LILLY
dialog: Got broke.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Yah. Broke my skull.
speaker_heading: LILLY
dialog: Yah. Broke my skull.
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: And you have to cut it with a
text: knife. Then they put a plate in
text: there and then they sew it up.
speaker_heading: LILLY
dialog: But, but, but you said...
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: I’m not gonna... not gonna what?
speaker_heading: LILLY
text: Bucking horse anymore.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Uh... Maybe.
text: Lilly looks upset.
speaker_heading: BRADY (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m not gonna die.
speaker_heading: LILLY
dialog: Nope! I’m not gonna die either. I’m
dialog: staying alive!
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Toughest cowgirl.
speaker_heading: LILLY
dialog: Uh huh.
scene_heading: EXT. BRADY’S TRAILER - NIGHT
text: The sound of crickets and horned toads in the darkness.
text: Brady walks down the wooden steps leading to the front door.
text: He sits on the last step, in the dreary porch light, and
text: spits at the dirt. He is tired but he can’t sleep.
scene_heading: EXT. BRADY’S TRAILER - CORRAL - DAY
text: Brady walks towards the corral wearing his leather rodeo
text: jacket. His eye is still bruised and he looks tired as hell.
text: Wayne is trying a bay horse, while the horse’s owner, FRANK,
text: is watching. Frank is an old-school rancher cowboy with rough
text: skin and a hook for a hand.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: He’s really moving good...
dialog: Frank
dialog: Wayne
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: How you doing Frank?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Hey Brady, how you doing?
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Shit... I’m healing up.
text: checks out Brady’s head.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Looks pretty wicked there...
text: rides over. He’s cocky and knows how much Brady hates
text: watching other people ride his horses.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Frank. This idiot for a horse
dialog: trainer you have ran away from the
dialog: hospital four days after the
dialog: surgery.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Hey... Damn kid...
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Don’t listen to anything he says.
text: He may not be thinking too good.
text: The older cowboys laughs. Brady bites his tongue.
dialog: Wayne
dialog: Wayne
dialog: Brady
dialog: Wayne
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (to Wayne)
dialog: You got him backing up pretty good?
text: makes a kissing sound and starts backing the horse up.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Halt baba.
text: pulls hard. The horse takes a few steps back.
text: watches intensively.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: You should lay off that horse’s
dialog: face a little bit. Then he wouldn’t
dialog: be putting his head there like a
dialog: goose.
text: rides around and looks at Brady patronizingly.
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: You can tell me what to do when
dialog: you're riding the son-of-a-bitch.
dialog: Too bad you went to the rodeo and
dialog: got all fucked up.
text: Frank watches the father and son bickering as if he has seen
dialog: it many times.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Well I was doing what I...
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: I’m doing your work here!
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: I was doing what I fucking needed
dialog: to do, aright?!
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Well, I’m doing what I need to do.
dialog: Finishing something you should be
dialog: doing.
text: Brady can’t argue with that and looks away.
scene_heading: INT. BRADY'S TRAILER - LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: Brady sits alone on the sofa, watching rodeo videos on TV. A
text: young cowboy is riding a black bucking horse.
scene_heading: INT. BRADY’S BEDROOM - DAY
text: Brady is taking a nap.
text: The door cracks open. Brady’s rodeo friends, CAT, TANNER and
text: JAMES sneak in. They’re a classic bunch of young Indian
text: cowboys, donned in cowboy hats, denim and flannel shirts.
text: They bend over excitedly, checking out Brady’s scar, talking
text: in low whispers.
speaker_heading: CAT
dialog: Holy piss!
speaker_heading: TANNER
text: Jesus Christ. He looks like
dialog: Frankenstein.
speaker_heading: CAT
dialog: It’s fuckin’ rank.
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Fuck that. That’s just a scratch.
text: James takes the drag of his cigarette.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: A little smoke will help.
text: He leans forward and blows the smoke into Brady’s face. Brady
text: flinches and wakes up. Everyone laughs.
text: Brady pushes James.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Get the fuck out of here.
text: Brady rubs his eyes, half smiling.
speaker_heading: CAT
dialog: You can wrap it up right?
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Why? What’re you guys doing?
speaker_heading: CAT
dialog: Put your wranglers on man.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Yah. Let’s go get fucked up!
text: Brady nods. The boys are already at the door.
speaker_heading: CAT
dialog: Last of the Mohicans!
text: Brady laughs and sits up.
scene_heading: EXT. BADLANDS - DUSK
text: The epic landscape of the Badlands at dusk.
text: The boys have built a campfire on one of the large rocks.
text: They are laughing, jumping over the fire and being rowdy.
text: The boys race up a steep hill, the half moon is bright in the
text: darkening sky above them.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Come on Brady!
text: Brady sits back near the glow of the fire. He watches them as
text: they run up to the top.
dialog: 14.
text: Brady doesn’t follow.
scene_heading: EXT. BADLANDS - NIGHT
text: It’s dark now and the boys are huddled around the camp fire,
text: sipping from beer bottles and talking about their rodeo
text: injuries with great pride in the flickering glow of the fire.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: That horse I got on in Fargo...
dialog: Everything I heard about her was
dialog: shit. But got on her and said ‘fuck
dialog: it’. She was good out there for a
dialog: while, until the whistle, she got
dialog: real trashy and started turning
dialog: there by the fence. I went over the
text: front of her. She stepped on my
dialog: head. Popped me out. Didn’t knock
dialog: me out til I got to the hospital. I
text: had a seizure and went into a coma.
speaker_heading: CAT
dialog: Broke my thumb. Broke wrist twice.
dialog: Broke my ankle. I mean I died eight
dialog: times, that’s why they call me Cat.
dialog: Didn't even cry or anything...
dialog: Igmu! (Lakota for “Cat”)
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Got kicked in Kadoka at Rodeo Bible
text: Camp. Went out of the back door.
dialog: That wasn’t so bad. Was just kind
dialog: of a stinger for a week.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Got on this great big grey mare. I
dialog: was getting pretty stretched out in
dialog: the end. Thank god I heard the
text: whistle blow. Right at the end she
text: slammed me down on the dirt.
dialog: Hardest I ever been slammed before.
text: Broke three ribs on my right side.
dialog: Brady over there, told me to get on
dialog: my short go horse, even though my
text: ribs hurt like a son-of-a-bitch.
text: Brady looks up at Tanner who is pretty drunk.
speaker_heading: TANNER (CONT’D)
dialog: Ain't that right Brady? You don’t
dialog: let no pain put you down.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: TANNER (CONT'D)
dialog: You ain’t gonna be turning out
text: horses left and right just because
dialog: your head hurts a little bit, are
dialog: you?
text: Cat looks at the boys thoughtfully.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: I’m not, I’m drawing out of
dialog: anything. I’m just taking some time
dialog: off. Your brain is a little
dialog: different than yo ur ribs...
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Yah I know. It’s all the same to a
text: cowboy. Ride through the pain.
text: Brady keeps quiet but his jaws are tense.
speaker_heading: TANNER (CONT'D)
dialog: Now don’t let this head injury go
dialog: to your head. Get you scared. I
dialog: know how that goes with some guys.
dialog: They get scared to get on again,
dialog: and they end up becoming farmers...
speaker_heading: CAT
dialog: Hey Brady...
text: Cat interrupts the conversation and turns to Brady.
speaker_heading: CAT (CONT'D)
dialog: You seen Lane lately?
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: I didn’t get a chance to see him
dialog: there for a while, while I was
dialog: rodeoing. But they just checked him
text: into a brand new rehab facility.
text: Cat looks back at the fire, lost in a thought.
text: Tanner wipes his face, looks restless after the mention of
dialog: Lane.
speaker_heading: BRADY (CONT'D)
dialog: He probably could’ve won the world
dialog: if he’d had an honest chance. He
dialog: was a damn good bull rider.
text: Tanner stuffs tobacco chew into his lip.
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Remember when he went three for
dialog: three in McCool Junction? And won
dialog: it?
text: Brady smiles and nods.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: That was a good night for Lane.
dialog: You remember when he switched hands
dialog: at Elkhorn and won the bull riding
dialog: first time ever riding a bull with
dialog: his right hand? Eighty four points!
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Shit, one time me and Lane was
dialog: coming back from a party. We was
text: driving in Tanner's brother's car,
dialog: and we was kind of talking about
dialog: women. We was a little drunk and
text: Lane looks over at me and says
dialog: ‘James, you know what one thing
dialog: I’ve learned in life is’ he says
text: ‘girls, they come in with a name
text: and they leave with a number’.
text: James and the other boys laugh.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: Kind of fucked up, but...
speaker_heading: CAT
dialog: Dirty dog!
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Yep. Lane.
text: The laughter fades and the boys become sombre. Cat looks back
text: at the fire.
speaker_heading: CAT
dialog: Real wild. Real good guy too.
text: Brady looks over at Cat.
speaker_heading: CAT (CONT'D)
dialog: I want to say a prayer for him, I
dialog: mean, it would be best if we said a
dialog: prayer every day, you know, the guy
dialog: sure could use it. But I want to go
dialog: ahead and just say...
text: Brady pulls his hood back. Tanner and James remove their
text: hats. They bow their heads in prayer.
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: CAT (CONT'D)
dialog: I pray to God that he takes in all
dialog: the strength from all his friends
dialog: across the nation. North, south,
dialog: east and west, ‘cause over this
dialog: country.
text: Cat has a thoughtful smile on his face.
speaker_heading: CAT (CONT'D)
dialog: I hope he gets to ride again. Feel
text: the wind in his back, watch it flow
dialog: through the grass. Be what he wants
dialog: to be, once again.
text: Brady listens. His jaw tightens.
speaker_heading: CAT (CONT'D)
dialog: We are him and he is us. We’re all
dialog: one in this together. Mitakuye
dialog: Oyasin.
text: Brady crosses himself. Tanner and James put their hats back
text: on and take swigs from their beer bottles.
text: Cat picks up his guitar and starts strumming the chords of a
dialog: country song he wrote called “Gambling Man” about the life of
dialog: a rodeo cowboy. It used to be Brady’s favorite now it’s
text: bittersweet for him to listen to.
text: Brady stares into the fire, watching the eerie blue flames
text: curl around the glowing embers.
scene_heading: EXT. PRAIRIE/BADLANDS - DAWN
text: Music plays as time passes. Moments of silence on the Great
text: Plains. A Badlands sunrise. Withering sunflowers in a field
text: of dry grass. Windmills. Horses at dusk.
text: Brady wanders in the Badlands while a thunderstorm is brewing
text: in the distance, coloring the sky an unusual blend of yellow
dialog: and green.
text: A significant amount of time has passed since the boys prayed
text: for their friend around the bonfire. Brady’s hair has grown
text: back, covering up his scar. He looks thin and pale. He
text: watches the distance lightening.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY THROUGH BADLANDS - DAY
text: Brady's truck speeds along the highway. Not a soul for miles.
dialog: 18.
scene_heading: INT. BRADY'S TRUCK - DAY
text: Brady is driving. He looks restless and nervous.
scene_heading: EXT. REHABILITATION CENTER - DAY
text: Brady walks through glass doors of a physical rehabilitation
text: center and stops at the front desk.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Hello, Ma’‘am. I’m here to see Lane
dialog: Scott.
scene_heading: EXT. REHABILITATION CENTER - HALLWAY - DAY
text: Brady walks down the hallway looking for Lane’s room.
scene_heading: INT. LANE’S ROOM - DAY
text: Brady walks in and sees LANE sitting alone in the middle of
text: the room in his wheelchair.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Hey, brother, how you doing?
text: He walks over to Lane’s chair. The room is sparse, with a
text: small bed in the corner, a white support pole beside it
text: leading into the ceiling. The walls are covered in old
text: pictures of Lane in his younger years as an up-and-coming
dialog: bull rider.
text: Lane can not speak. His bull riding accident has left him
text: permanently paralyzed. He’s barely able to lift his left
text: hand, using sign language to communicate.
text: Brady gives Lane a hug, helping him to put his arm around
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: BRADY (CONT'D)
dialog: I missed you, brother.
text: Lane slowly closes his eyes as they embrace.
text: Brady pulls back after a moment.
speaker_heading: BRADY (CONT'D)
dialog: You're looking good. How you
dialog: feeling?
text: He looks at Lane’s hand for an answer.
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: BRADY (CONT'D)
dialog: Feeling good huh. It’s a pretty
dialog: good place here.
text: Lane starts to spell out each letter of the words with his
text: shaking left hand.
speaker_heading: LANE (SIGN LANGUAGE)
dialog: How’s your head?
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: How’s my head...? Feeling aright...
text: Lane starts to sign again.
speaker_heading: LANE (SIGN LANGUAGE)
dialog: Rub some...
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Rub some...
speaker_heading: BRADY (CONT'D)
dialog: ...dirt in it.
text: Brady laughs.
speaker_heading: BRADY (CONT'D)
dialog: And some Copenhagen too huh?
text: Lane slowly smiles and starts to sign. Brady reads it.
speaker_heading: BRADY (CONT'D)
dialog: R, I, D, E... Ride. Can I ride? Am
dialog: I able to ride?
text: Lane gives him a thumb up.
speaker_heading: BRADY (CONT'D)
dialog: Not supposed to for a while. I wish
dialog: I can ride, but... If I hit that
dialog: plate in my head, it will cave the
dialog: whole side of my head in... But...
text: Brady looks down.
scene_heading: INT. LANE’S ROOM - A WHILE LATER
text: Brady and Lane watch a video of Lane on YouTube on an iPad.
speaker_heading: LANE (VIDEO)
dialog: My name is Lane Scott. I’m eighteen
dialog: years old. I’m from Kennebec, South
dialog: Dakota.
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: FRIEND (VIDEO)
text: Lane, he is young, but he is really
dialog: good. Best bull rider coming out of
dialog: South Dakota for sure.
speaker_heading: LANE (VIDEO)
dialog: I mean... I mean, not trying to
dialog: apply anything. But, me and
dialog: superman have not been seen in the
dialog: same room together, so...
text: Brady smiles and looks up at Lane. Lane smiles back. His face
text: is a lot thinner now, than the young, vibrant man in the
text: video. His facial muscle has been damaged by the paralysis,
text: altering his looks. But Lane is smiling. He enjoys revisiting
dialog: these moments.
text: The video starts to show Lane’s wild bull rides, chasing
text: after buffaloes, being a goofy teenager.
text: Lane stands in front of camera, wearing a cowboy hat and
text: striped shirt.
speaker_heading: LANE (VIDEO) (CONT'D)
dialog: I was about three years old when my
dialog: dad introduced me to the rodeo
dialog: world. There is nothing can really
dialog: beat it. You get on a bull. Makes a
dialog: good ride. Everybody in the stands
text: stand up for you, yells and cheers.
dialog: Your adrenaline is goin’. You just
text: can’t stop but smiling.
text: Lane, in his wheelchair, eyes bright, grinning happily. He
text: has not lost his spirit.
speaker_heading: LANE (VIDEO) (CONT'D)
dialog: There is nothing like strapping
dialog: yourself on a 2000 pound animal and
dialog: just going with it. That’s what I
dialog: want to do and I want to do it for
dialog: the rest of my life. I can’t
dialog: imagine doing anything else.
text: Brady's smiles slowly fades.
scene_heading: INT. BRADY’S TRAILER - BATHROOM - THE NEXT MORNING
text: Brady checks the now healed scar on his head. He brushes the
text: hair over to conceal it.
text: He takes a handful of proscription pills.
dialog: 21.
text: He puts on a necktie. As he pulls the tie through the pin,
text: the fingers on his right hand suddenly grip the tie and lock
text: onto it.
text: Brady pulls the tie out of the grip and peels his fingers
text: open. He has gotten used to it now, he is not panicking.
text: He shakes his hand and puts his cowboy hat on.
scene_heading: EXT. TRIBAL JOB OFFICE - DAY
text: Brady's truck pulls up. He is a little nervous. He checks
text: himself in the mirror.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Stay in here all right Lil?
speaker_heading: LILLY
dialog: Ok Brady.
text: Lilly focuses on her recorder.
speaker_heading: LILLY (CONT'D)
dialog: I believe my pleasure is my
dialog: favorite thing to do is sing along.
text: Brady takes tobacco chew out of his mouth and throws it out
text: of the window.
scene_heading: INT. TRIBAL JOB OFFICE - DAY
text: Brady sits across the table from HELENA. A Lakota woman with
text: long braids and a strong gaze.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Do you have a resume?
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: No, ma’am.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Any job experience?
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: I’m a horse trainer.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: You can’t do that right now?
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: I would... But I can’t for a while,
dialog: since I’m laid up... So...
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: Well, you have two options. Oglala
text: Lakota College has a GED program.
dialog: The OST TERO office has job
dialog: training program for
dialog: construction... Road work...
text: Brady can’t help but interrupts her.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: I'm looking for something a little
dialog: more temporary than that.
text: They look at each other.
speaker_heading: BRADY (CONT'D)
dialog: ...-You know, I’m... probably gonna
dialog: be training horses in a few month.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: You still need something to fall
dialog: back on. You can’t train horses
dialog: forever.
text: Brady looks away.
text: Helena looks at him for another moment, then she starts
text: writing on a posted.
speaker_heading: HELENA (CONT'D)
dialog: I have a cousin who is the manager
text: of Dakota Mart. His name is Robbie.
dialog: They have some temporary positions.
dialog: Tell him I sent you.
text: Brady takes the posted.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Ok... Thank you.
text: He gets up and walks towards the door.
speaker_heading: HELENA
dialog: You look like your mom.
text: Brady stops and looks back to her.
speaker_heading: HELENA (CONT'D)
dialog: I used to go to high school with
dialog: her. She was really awesome.
text: Brady nods, forces a smile.
dialog: 23.
scene_heading: EXT. DAKOTA MART - DAY
text: Brady walks across the empty parking lot towards the
dialog: supermarket.
scene_heading: INT. DAKOTA MART - DAY
text: Brady picks up a bag of candy and looks over at the checkout.
text: He sees TERRI DAWN, a young woman with pink hair and dark
text: eyes. She glances back at him.
text: He quickly looks away. Takes a deep breath and walks towards
text: her. He puts on a smile.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Hi Terri Dawn.
text: Terri Dawn greets him but she is not friendly.
speaker_heading: TERRI DAWN
dialog: Hi Brady. How are you?
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Is the manager here?
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: No, why?
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Never mind...
text: A moment of awkward silence as Terri scans the items.
text: There’s a history between them, and Terri Dawn is playing
text: disinterested.
speaker_heading: BRADY (CONT'D)
dialog: I didn’t know you worked here.
text: Terri Dawn rolls her eyes.
speaker_heading: TERRI DAWN
dialog: There’s a lot that you don’t know.
text: Brady hides his annoyance.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: So how have you been doing?
text: Terri Dawn ignores him. Another moment passes.
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: TERRI DAWN
dialog: I'm dating your friend Tanner, just
dialog: so you know.
text: Brady looks at her, not sure what to say.
speaker_heading: TERRI DAWN (CONT'D)
dialog: $9.50.
text: Brady quickly searches his wallet.
scene_heading: EXT. BRADY’S TRUCK - EVENING
text: Brady drives as Lilly is singing, the sun setting behind her.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Lil, I’m thinking about going to
dialog: the rodeo. Do you wanna go with?
text: Lilly looks up at Brady and shakes her head.
speaker_heading: LILLY
dialog: No. Nope.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Take you to the carnival after? Get
dialog: on some rides?
speaker_heading: LILLY
dialog: Carnival? Oh boy. Yes!
scene_heading: EXT. EAGLE BUTTE RODEO & FAIR - NIGHT
text: The announcers voice echoes out over the rodeo grounds.
text: Brady walks towards the glow of the flood lights above the
text: stadium, and makes his way behind the chute.
text: Cat and the other RODEO BOYS are surprised but happy to see
text: him. They shake his hand and check out his scar.
text: Brady sits back and restlessly watches everyone getting
text: ready. He looks over at Tanner, who is getting ready for his
text: bareback ride. Tanner gives Brady the finger. Brady shakes
text: his head and looks away.
text: The Lakota Flag Song is sung over the speakers. Brady and the
text: boys listens with their hats off in respect.
text: Tanner climbs into the chute, onto his horse. The horse
text: starts to buck, rattling the steel bars, showing its power
dialog: and aggression.
dialog: 25.
text: Brady and the boys steady it. The whistle blows. The gate
text: opens. The bucking horse charges out and Tanner rides it hard
text: into the arena.
text: Brady and the boys cheer loudly for him as he rides 8
text: seconds. A perfect ride. The crowd cheers.
text: The other riders soon follow. Brady watches a young rider
text: gallop across the arena on his horse with envy. He wishes he
dialog: was out there too.
scene_heading: EXT. EAGLE BUTTE RODEO & FAIR - NIGHT
text: Brady sits on a plastic horse on a carousel, feeling both
text: nauseous and mortified. It feels like a bad joke.
text: Lilly happily sits beside him, singing on her horse with her
text: hands in the air.
text: The spinning gives Brady a bad headache. Bright lights flash
text: by in a blur of motion, overwhelming him.
scene_heading: EXT. HORSESHOE BAR - SAME NIGHT
text: Loud music. Neon lights. Rowdy cowboys.
text: Brady is sitting in the corner booth, dazed from his
text: headaches, watching Tanner, Terri Dawn and Cat talking from
text: across the table.
text: Tanner is gloating about the 8 seconds ride he made today.
text: He checks on Lilly, who is sitting at the bar watching Sesame
text: Street videos on her phone with James beside her.
text: James playfully takes Lilly’s soda and she wrestles it back.
text: Brady looks down. Having a hard time keeping his eyes open.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Hey, wake up grandpa!
text: Tanner slams on the table.
speaker_heading: TANNER (CONT'D)
dialog: Falling asleep over there! Are you
text: gonna enter for Water’s Rodeo on
dialog: the 17th?
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: 17th?
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Yah.
text: Brady nods, although this is probably unlikely.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: I‘ll be ready to ride by then.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Hell ya man. It’d be good..
text: Terri Dawn slaps Tanners arm real hard, surprising everyone.
speaker_heading: TERRI DAWN
dialog: Tanner, quit that! He just got
dialog: hurt. Come on now.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: What’s wrong with that? His head is
dialog: a long way from his heart. He won’t
dialog: hurt it again.
speaker_heading: TERRI DAWN
text: But he has a metal plate in his
dialog: head.
text: Brady is annoyed and embarrassed Terri is talking for him
text: about his injury. He can defend himself.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: So?! Metal ain’t supposed to bend.
dialog: He'll be fine.
text: They both look over at Brady for a moment.
speaker_heading: TERRI DAWN
dialog: It’s too fucking dangerous...
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Why don’t you just mind your own
dialog: fucking business?
text: Terri Dawn stares at Brady. Brady looks away.
speaker_heading: TERRI DAWN
dialog: You know what? Fuck you.
text: Terri Dawn, wounded, gets up and walks over to the bar.
text: Tanner smirks. He gets up too.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Yah. Fuck you Brady. It’s
text: ‘DANGEROUS’ .
dialog: 27.
text: Watching Tanner leave. Cat smiles and gives Brady a nudge.
speaker_heading: CAT
dialog: Don’t worry about it.
text: Brady sighs, trying to shrug it off.
speaker_heading: BILL (V.O.)
dialog: Howdy.
text: BILL, an older cowboy, white hair beneath his hat, and a
text: tooth pick in his cheek, sits down opposite Brady.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Are you Brady Blackburn?
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Yah.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Bill.
text: Brady shakes Bill’s hand.
speaker_heading: BILL (CONT'D)
dialog: I heard you’re a horse trainer. I
dialog: have a colt nobody can break. Will
dialog: you come and look at him?
text: Brady looks over at the bar and sees Tanner sitting next to
text: Lilly and playfully talking to her.
text: Lilly is still laughing at her Sesame Street video.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Aren’t you way too old to be
dialog: watching Sesame Street? When I was
dialog: 15 I was at the bar drinking with
dialog: my dad.
text: Lilly ignores him and stares at her video.
speaker_heading: TANNER (CONT'D)
dialog: Ya thirsty? You should have some of
dialog: this stuff.
text: Tanner hands Lilly his half-drunk beer. Lilly laughs and
text: pushes the beer away.
text: Bill is still trying to convince Brady to train his horse.
text: Brady is barely listening.
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: So, what do you think? Will you
dialog: come and look at him?
text: Brady looks back to Bill.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Yah, maybe, in a couple of weeks, I
dialog: got my head caved in...
speaker_heading: LILLY (V.O)
dialog: I don’t like to!
text: He looks over at Tanner and Lilly again, his patience is
text: wearing thin.
text: Tanner tickles Lilly and pushes the beer bottle into her
text: hand. She laughs and pushes it away again.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Come on! You can have a beer!
text: Brady suddenly gets up and charges up to the bar.
speaker_heading: TANNER (CONT'D)
dialog: This is way better for you than
dialog: that crap you drink...
text: Brady grabs Tanner by the collar and shoves him HARD.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: What the fuck do you think you’re
dialog: doing?!
text: Tanner is shocked and grabs Brady by the shirt, pushing him
text: back as others try to react.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: What the fuck man?! What you want?!
text: Terri Dawn quickly takes Lilly's arm and they head outside
dialog: the bar.
speaker_heading: TANNER (CONT’D)
dialog: I wasn’t doing nothin’! I wasn’t
dialog: doing nothin’ Brady!
text: Cat and the other cowboys pull them apart.
text: Tanner’s cowboy hat falls to the ground. Red-faced and
text: ruffled, he tries to compose himself.
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: TANNER (CONT'D)
dialog: Fuck you! I didn’t fucking do
dialog: nothin’. Just being friendly that’s
dialog: all.
text: Brady glares back at him. Everyone seems shocked by Brady’s
text: behavior. It has come out of nowhere and seems completely out
dialog: of character.
speaker_heading: CAT
dialog: Calm down, Brady. Calm down.
text: Cat pushes Brady aside.
speaker_heading: CAT (CONT'D)
dialog: Tanner don’t mean nothin’ by it.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Fuck man! What the hell?
text: Tanner fixes his jacket.
text: Cat looks at Brady, surprised as anyone by his actions.
text: Brady composes himself, also shocked by his own aggression.
text: He feels the eyes of everyone on him. He looks away and
text: quickly storms out.
scene_heading: EXT. HORSESHOE BAR - CONTINUOUS
text: Brady catches up with Terri Dawn and Lilly.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Lilly, you aright?
speaker_heading: LILLY
dialog: I'm fine, Brady.
text: Lilly runs to the truck, leaving Brady alone with Terri Dawn.
text: She looks at him coldly. He’s embarrassed.
text: A moment later, she sighs and reaches for her pocket. She
text: pulls out a joint.
speaker_heading: TERRI DAWN
dialog: This is what you need right now.
text: She signals him to follow and walks away, leaving Brady
text: standing alone in the red neon light.
dialog: 30.
scene_heading: INT. BRADY'S TRUCK (OUTSIDE HORSESHOE BAR) - NIGHT
text: The pale, bright moon is high in the sky.
text: Coyotes howl from the distant Badlands.
text: Lilly is playing with her recorder in the front seat. Humming
text: softly a melody she made up.
text: Brady and Terri Dawn share a joint in the bed of the truck.
text: Their faces lit dimly by the red neon light of the bar. Both
dialog: stoned.
text: Brady leans forward to check on Lilly.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Lil, you hear them coyotes howling?
speaker_heading: LILLY
dialog: Yes!
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Are you cold?
speaker_heading: LILLY
dialog: No, I’m not cold. Guess what?
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: LILLY
dialog: You're the greatest adventure.
text: Terri Dawn takes a drag of the joint and coughs. She passes
dialog: it to Brady.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: The problem with you boys... You
dialog: don't like to get your pride hurt.
speaker_heading: BRADY
text: He was making fun of Lilly.
speaker_heading: TERRI
dialog: No, he wasn’t. You know, we don’t
dialog: care how she is. She don’t care how
dialog: she is.
text: Brady leans his head back, too high to argue. A moment later.
speaker_heading: TERRI (CONT'D)
dialog: We all love her. I think you’re
dialog: embarrassed of her. Not us.
dialog: 31.
text: Brady looks over at her for a moment. He moves clumsily
text: towards her and leans forward. She is a little surprised but
text: doesn’t move away. He kisses her on the cheek and lowers his
text: head into her lap.
text: She maternally strokes his hair as he closes his eyes.
scene_heading: INT. BRADY’S BEDROOM - NEXT DAY
text: Gold star stickers are carefully applied onto Brady’s chest.
text: Lilly is putting them on him while he sleeps.
text: LOUD KNOCKS. She giggles and quickly scurries out of the
dialog: room.
text: Brady struggles to open his eyes.
scene_heading: INT. BRADY'S TRAILER - DOOR WAY - DAY
text: Brady opens the door, still half asleep, covered in star
dialog: stickers.
text: MILES, a middle-aged, rough looking landlord and debt
text: collector, with a red face and steely blue eyes, gives hima
text: stern look as he passes. His young song, at most 12 year old,
text: stands behind him with the same annoyed look on his chubby
text: face, clearly emulating his pops.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Hey Miles. What’s goin’ on guys?
text: They pass Brady and walk into the trailer.
scene_heading: INT. BRADY'S TRAILER - KITCHEN - DAY
text: Miles struts around the trailer like he owns it - which he
text: does. He checks the light switches.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: Looking for your dad.
text: Brady wipes his face.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: He went to the horse sale
dialog: yesterday. I haven’t seen him.
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: He owes me quite a bit of money on
dialog: this trailer. I need payment.
dialog: 32.
text: Brady hides his surprise.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Didn't he pay last month?
speaker_heading: MILES
dialog: No. It’s been four month since I
dialog: seen money from him. I need
dialog: somethin’. You’re gonna tell him I
dialog: need some money or I gotta come and
dialog: get the trailer. I’m tired of
dialog: lookin’ for his ass.
text: Miles opens the fridge and gets a beer for himself. He gives
text: Brady another look, who is still covered in star stickers.
speaker_heading: MILES (CONT’D)
dialog: I like your tattoos.
text: He opens the beers and walks out. His son following behind.
text: Brady looks down and finally sees the star stickers.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Come on Lilly...
scene_heading: INT. BRADY'S TRAILER - KITCHEN - SAME DAY
text: Lilly is heating up a thin crust frozen pizza on a rotating
text: pizza oven on the counter. While she waits, she plays with a
text: Sesame Street music box.
text: She cuts the pizza into smaller pieces with a pair of
text: scissors.
text: Brady sits on the couch, staring at Lilly’s cartoons on TV.
text: He is not really watching, but lost in thoughts.
scene_heading: EXT. BRADY’S TRAILER - EVENING
text: Brady strolls across the hill. He looks down at his rundown
text: trailer beneath the darkening sky.
scene_heading: INT. DAKOTA MART - MANAGERS OFFICE - THE NEXT DAY
text: Brady sits opposite the Dakota Mart MANAGER, a large man,
text: with white hair and a sickly complexion.
text: Brady is filling out the application.
dialog: 33.
scene_heading: INT. DAKOTA MART - DAY
text: Brady looks uncomfortable and out of place in the store
text: uniform as he learns how to use the check out scanner. His
text: physical presence seems diminished, as if without his cowboy
text: hat, and usual attire, he is somehow smaller.
text: Brady interacts with CUSTOMERS. He is nervous but tries to be
dialog: polite and do a good job.
text: The line is long and he makes a mistake, running an item
text: twice. One of the customer gets impatient. Brady quickly
speaker_heading: apologies. (IMPROVISE)
text: When the line is finally cleared, Brady leans against the
text: check out rubbing his brow.
scene_heading: EXT. BRADY’S TRAILER - EVENING
text: Bray’s truck pulls up. He climbs out like a wounded animal,
text: tired and exhausted.
text: He walks towards the house.
scene_heading: INT. BRADY'S ROOM - EVENING
text: Brady sits in bed reading a rodeo magazine. He hears the
text: sound of a pick-up truck and looks outside.
text: Wayne climbs out of the pickup with TODD, a local rancher.
text: They talk business as they walk towards the barn.
text: Brady quickly gets out of the bed and heads outside.
scene_heading: EXT. BRADY’S CORRAL - EVENING
text: Brady walks towards the corral. He sees Wayne and Todd are
text: talking by his horse, Gus, who is tied to a metal poll.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: «+I just don’t know about you
dialog: horse traders...
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Hey Todd.
text: Todd turns to Brady. He’s a large man, wearing dark
text: sunglasses to cover the heavy scarring across his face. He
text: shakes Brady’s hand.
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: How you doin’ Brady?
text: Wayne looks over at Brady nervously.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Pretty good... What’re you doing
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Hey Todd, I haven’t talked to Brady
dialog: about this. Can you just come back
dialog: tomorrow and pick him up?
speaker_heading: TODD
dialog: Aright I can. See you Brady.
text: Todd senses the awkwardness. He shakes their hands and
dialog: leaves.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: What was that about?
text: Brady stares at Wayne while petting Gus.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: I had to sell him Gus, Brady.
text: It takes Brady a moment to process what Wayne has said.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Sell him Gus? What do you mean you
dialog: had to ‘sell him Gus’?! Gus is
dialog: mine.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Gus is part of the family. I guess
dialog: it’s his turn for us to make a
dialog: living.
text: Brady is furious. It’s incomprehensible to him that his
dialog: father could even consider this.
speaker_heading: WAYNE (CONT’D)
dialog: You want Miles to haul the trailer?
dialog: Me and Lilly have no place to live?
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: You didn’t make any money at all?
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Costs a lot to live.
dialog: 35.
text: Wayne is being dismissive, avoiding eye contact and untying
text: Gus’s reins.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Yah. Costs a lot to go to the
dialog: fucking bars and casinos.
text: He’s overstepped the line. Wayne bites back.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Fuck you, Brady, I don’t need your
dialog: shit. It’s not like you can ride
dialog: anymore, we gotta make a living
dialog: somehow...
text: Brady grabs Wayne’s shirt and pushes him against the metal
text: gate. Wayne regains his composure calmly, staring Brady down.
speaker_heading: WAYNE (CONT’D)
dialog: What’re you gonna do? Fight me?
text: Brady looks away.
speaker_heading: WAYNE (CONT’D)
dialog: What’s wrong with you?
text: Wayne walks away leaving Brady alone with Gus.
scene_heading: EXT. PRAIRIE - SAME EVENING
text: Brady goes hunting rabbits with his pistol. Partly to let off
text: some steam. He flips the gun in his hand like a pro.
text: The sky is cold. Brady moves through the plains. Stops. Stays
text: still. A moment later, he fires.
text: He picks up the dead rabbit from the tall grass.
scene_heading: EXT. CAT’S TRAILER - SAME NIGHT
text: Brady dresses the rabbit on the deck under a dim lamp.
text: Unmoved as he pulls back the fur, revealing the bloodied, raw
text: torso and breaks the thigh bones.
scene_heading: INT. CAT’S TRAILER - NIGHT
text: The buzzing of a tattoo gun.
text: GABBY, Cat's girlfriend, is cooking the rabbit on the stove
text: at the end of kitchen.
dialog: 36.
text: Needle outlining the large tattoo. Blood seeps from the lines
text: of ink. Cat is finishing up the outline of a tattoo on
text: Brady's back. Brady welcomes the pain. It helps him to stay
text: calm and focused.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: My dad sold Gus today.
speaker_heading: CAT
dialog: No shit. Who did he sell it to?
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Todd.
speaker_heading: CAT
dialog: Sorry about that man.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Yah... Wish I can ride him one last
dialog: time though... Finished the
dialog: outline?
text: Cat wipes the tattoo clean. It’s a bull rider on a bucking
text: bull in front of a cross.
speaker_heading: CAT
dialog: Yah.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Just need to shade it huh?
speaker_heading: CAT
dialog: Probably wait till next time.
text: Gabby walks over to take a look. She passes Brady a joint.
speaker_heading: GABBY
dialog: Looks really nice Brady. Who’s this
dialog: supposed to be?
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: My buddy Lane.
speaker_heading: CAT
dialog: You know him?
speaker_heading: GABBY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: He was a pretty good bull rider.
text: Brady stares through the smoke of his joint.
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: BRADY (CONT'D)
dialog: A lot of times, you know... you get
dialog: hurt... But, you don’t think you’1l
dialog: get hurt like that... I’m just...
dialog: happy I came out as lucky as I did.
scene_heading: INT. BRADY'S TRUCK DRIVING THROUGH BADLANDS - NIGHT
text: No street lights or headlights. The road ahead is dim and
text: eerie. Brady drives. Tired. Distant.
scene_heading: INT. BRADY’S LIVING ROOM —- DAWN
text: Brady makes himself some coffee.
text: He stands silhouetted in the side door of the trailer and
text: looks out over the plains -
text: Gus is seen as a little shape on the horizon, grazing on the
text: hill, against the early morning glow.
text: Brady watches Gus for a moment, a calm expression in his
text: eyes.
scene_heading: EXT. BRADY’S TRAILER - DAWN
text: Brady walks by a saddle on the fence and grabs a halter
text: hanging next to it.
text: He walks up the hill towards Gus, determined.
scene_heading: EXT. PRAIRIE - DAWN
text: Brady slowly approaches Gus.
text: Gus stands still, as if he were waiting for Brady. Brady
text: gently puts the halter around Gus’ head.
text: He pets his old friend’s face and puts his forehead against
text: Gus'’s, praying softly.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: God, I ask you to take care of Gus
dialog: on his travels. Be with him all the
dialog: time and protect him. Keep him
dialog: safe, God... In Jesus’s name I
dialog: pray, Amen.
text: Brady’s hands take a firm hold on Gus’s mane.
dialog: 38.
text: Brady's face, nervous but determined.
text: Gus’s dark eyes blinks.
text: Kicking his feet, Brady swings his body onto Gus bareback
text: effortlessly.
text: He steadies his nervous breathing. Petting Gus gently.
text: Hearing the wind blowing across the prairie.
text: The first ray of sunlight appears in the distance.
text: Brady rides Gus, slowly walking across the open field.
text: He kicks a little harder, Gus starts trotting.
text: The sun is up. Bright and blinding.
text: Gus is galloping now. Brady is back in his element.
text: As he rides the sky seems to gets bigger, the plains vaster.
scene_heading: EXT. BRADY’S CORRAL - DAY
text: Brady loads Gus into Todd’s fancy trailer. He gives Gus a
text: kiss on the nose and pets his neck. This is goodbye.
text: He walks out of the trailer, Gus’s eyes stay on him as the
text: door swings shut.
text: He hides his sadness as he watches Todd’s pickup and the
text: trailer drive away.
scene_heading: INT. BRADY'S TRAILER - HALLWAY - DAY
text: Brady walks in, taking off his cowboy hat. He stops when he
text: hears Lilly’s voice.
speaker_heading: LILLY (0.S.)
dialog: Here’s the moon!
text: Brady turns and heads towards the warm, reddish glow
text: emanating from behind Lilly’s bedroom door.
scene_heading: INT. BRADY'S TRAILER - LILLY’S ROOM - DAY
text: Brady opens the door and sees Wayne and Lilly in her room.
text: Wayne is holding a rotating lamp that projects colorful stars
text: onto the walls. Lilly’s room is already lit by a bright pink
text: lamp. The blue stars make the space feels like a dream.
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Look, jump over the moon.
text: Wayne projects the half moon from the lamp onto the wall.
speaker_heading: WAYNE (CONT'D)
dialog: Watch.
text: He grabs Lilly’s Elmo toy and throws it over the moon
dialog: projection.
speaker_heading: LILLY
dialog: Hey! My Elmo!
text: Wayne and Brady exchange a look.
speaker_heading: LILLY (CONT'D)
dialog: Elmo! Are you ok? Look!
text: Lilly holds Elmo up at the stars on the ceiling.
speaker_heading: LILLY (CONT'D)
dialog: Look at all the stars!
text: Blue star swims across Brady’s face. Seeing how content Lilly
text: is and the warmth between her and Wayne, Brady he can’t help
dialog: but to smile.
scene_heading: EXT. FRANK’S HOUSE - DUSK
text: Brady walks up to the front of Frank’s house. He whistles.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Frank!
text: Frank walks out of the front door, still sleepy in his
dialog: pajamas.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Brady? What the fuck are you doing
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: You still want me to train those
dialog: horses for you?
scene_heading: EXT. FRANK’S HOUSE - CORRAL - MORNING
text: Brady starts training a young mare named Crystal. He circles
text: the corral with her. She is agitated. Panting, kicking dirt.
text: After a few rounds, he catches her and puts a halter on her.
dialog: 40.
text: He then carefully puts on the saddle, firmly commanding her
text: to stay calm when she tries to run.
text: He holds the rein, runs in circles around her, forcing her to
text: turn with him.
text: After a while, she is used to him. He gets on. She is
text: nervous. He rides her around the corral, slow at first and
text: then suddenly fast. She seems to be comfortable.
text: Everything is going well. Brady is back doing what he loves.
scene_heading: EXT. FRANK'S HOUSE - PRAIRIE - SAME DAY
text: Storm clouds are gathering.
text: Brady rides Crystal across the hills.
text: He takes his pistol out of his gun holder and holds it next
text: to Crystal’s nose, letting her smell it before shooting a few
text: times into the distance.
text: Crystal reacts badly and tries to run. Brady holds her still,
text: lets her smell the pistol again, and shoots again until the
text: horse is desensitized.
scene_heading: EXT. HORSE SALE - A FEW DAYS LATER
text: Brady walks towards the horse sale, passing rows of pick-up
text: trucks and horse trailers.
speaker_heading: TANNER (0.S.)
dialog: Hey Brady!
text: Tanner and Terri Dawn are sitting in Tanner’s pick-up. Terri
text: avoids eye contact.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Hey... what’s up guys?
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Not much... What’re you doin’?
text: It’s still awkward between Brady and Tanner after their fight
text: at the bar.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Uh... Just looking for my dad. You
dialog: seen him?
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: TANNER
text: He was back there in the back pin
dialog: riding lose horses earlier.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Ok.
text: Brady looks at Terri Dawn. She ignores him.
text: Brady gives up and walks away.
scene_heading: EXT. HORSE SALE - BACK PIN - DAY.
text: The back pens are packed with horses for sale. Brady and
text: Wayne are looking at a pin filled with at least fifteen
text: horses. They swarm back and forth like fish in a net.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
text: Victor is looking for a buckskin.
dialog: What do you think of that one?
text: Wayne whistles and seems to get the attention of a large and
text: beautiful buckskin.
speaker_heading: BRADY
text: Looks good. Victor doesn’t have
dialog: money.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Oh, I think he came up with some
dialog: recently.
scene_heading: INT. HORSE AUCTION - DAY
text: The horse auctioneer is holding the sale with his fast
text: talking auction chant.
text: The round stands are filled with OLD-TIMERS. Ranchers,
text: horseman, horse traders, mostly dressed in Wrangler jeans and
text: cowboy hats. A WOMAN is holding a raccoon on a leash.
text: A SKINNY MAN wearing a green trucker hat is riding a horse in
text: the middle of the stands, displacing the quality of the horse
dialog: for the auction.
text: Brady and Wayne are at home. They talk to each other,
text: discussing each horse.
text: A YOUNG COWGIRL, about 15, wearing a brown felt cowboy hat,
text: shyly greets Brady and shakes his hand in admiration.
dialog: 42.
scene_heading: INT. HORSESHOE BAR - DAY
text: Brady eats a burger, watching Wayne flirting with SUMMER, a
text: blonde bartender, who’s best days are behind her.
scene_heading: INT. HORSESHOE BAR - LATER
text: Wayne is gambling at the slot machines with Summer. Brady
text: walks over.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: You ready to go dad?
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: In a little bit.
text: It’s clear Wayne has had a few drinks too many.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Come on, we need to get to
dialog: Victor’s. It’s gonna get dark.
speaker_heading: BRADY (CONT'D)
text: Victor has lights.
text: Knowing it’s useless to argue, Brady sits down to play the
text: slot machine himself. Summer peaks over at him.
speaker_heading: SUMMER
dialog: (to Wayne)
dialog: Is that Brady?
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Yah.
text: She looks at him again over Wayne’s shoulder.
speaker_heading: SUMMER
dialog: Aren’t you one hell of a bronc
dialog: rider?
text: Brady stops playing, but doesn’t answer.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: We don’t talk about that.
speaker_heading: SUMMER
dialog: Ok...
text: Brady goes back to playing, but his mind is elsewhere.
dialog: 43.
scene_heading: EXT. VICTOR'S HOUSE - EVENING
text: Brady leads the buckskin horse they bought at the horsesale
text: out of an old rusty horse trailer.
text: VICTOR, a Lakota man, with a shaven head and smudged with
text: tattoos, stops feeding his herd of chickens and greets them.
text: Brady watches Wayne and Victor checking out the horse for a
text: moment and walks away.
text: He wanders through Victor’s land, littered with junk cars and
text: old home appliances, almost swallowed up by sage bushes.
text: He stops when he passes the corral and sees a beautiful bay
text: horse tied up by the fence.
text: He walks towards the horse carefully, stopping when it starts
text: to get agitated. The horse is clearly wild. He reaches for
text: the horse’s nose, it pulls back violently, eyes wild,
text: nostrils flaring.
text: Gently and patiently, Brady reaches out and pets his nose to
dialog: keeps him calm.
text: Victor walks up behind him.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: That’s Apollo.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Is he broke?
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Some fucker tried to ride him and
dialog: got bucked off. He quit and now
dialog: it’s got all kinds of bad habits.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: What are you gonna do with him?
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Probably just keep him wild.
text: Brady keeps his eyes on Apollo for a moment.
scene_heading: INT. VICTOR'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Victor’s living room is dim, covered with wall art. He is
text: holding up a massive joint.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: This right here, is gonna save us.
dialog: Save us all.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: It may cure the Meth.
text: Wayne sits back on the couch, chimes in.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: There is gas in here. There is oil
dialog: in here. There’s cloth in here.
dialog: There is rope in here. It’s the
dialog: future boys.
text: Brady lights the joint.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: So what do you think about that
dialog: horse?
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Looks pretty nice to me.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: I want twelve fifty cash. She’s
dialog: worth way more if you take her to
dialog: town.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: See you boys checking out them cars
dialog: out there. Looks like you need some
dialog: parts. Willing to make a deal?
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: ...I need a back windshield for an
dialog: 82’ Camero.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: What do you say I throw in that
dialog: back window and I got seven hundred
dialog: dollars?
text: Brady rubs his forehead, annoyed.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Seven hundread...
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Seven hundred and this bag of weed.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Dad, I know someone that’1ll pay
dialog: more than that.
dialog: 44,
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: But I have the cash now.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: We can take this money now, buy
text: another horse and make some money.
dialog: You always smoke my weed up. Might
dialog: as well just trade with hima
text: little bit of grass.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: If that’s what you wanna do...
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Aright, we got a deal.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Damn right.
text: They shake hands.
text: Brady looks down, it’s pointless to argue.
scene_heading: EXT. FRANK’S HOUSE - CORRAL - THE NEXT DAY
text: Brady trains Crystal by riding her and roping at the same
text: time, getting her used to the rope. He rides her around the
text: corral as fast as she can.
text: The midday sun is bright. Brady struggles with the heat and a
dialog: headache.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Let’s take a break girl.
text: Brady gets off Crystal. Suddenly his hand shakes and grips
text: onto the rein.
speaker_heading: BRADY (CONT'D)
dialog: shit.
text: Brady tries to peel his hand off of the rein.
text: Crystal seems to sense Brady’s panic and begins to pull away,
text: yanking Brady along with her.
text: Brady still can’t get his right hand to let go of the rein.
speaker_heading: BRADY (CONT'D)
dialog: Halt Crystal. Halt!
text: Panicking now, Crystal shakes her head, shaking Brady’s arm
text: along with it and backing away faster, until -
dialog: 46.
text: CRACK! Crystal’s body slams hard onto the wooden fence,
text: breaking the fence in half. The pressure pulls the rein out
text: of Brady’s hand.
text: Out of breath and still in shock, Brady hits his hand hard
text: and quickly goes over to check on Crystal.
text: Crystal breathes heavily and backs away from Brady. A trust
text: has been broken.
speaker_heading: BRADY (CONT'D)
dialog: Halt Crystal. Halt girl...
text: Brady manages to grab Crystal’s halter and starts to pet her.
speaker_heading: BRADY (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m sorry girl...
text: Crystal slowly calms down. But Brady can’t. He looks down at
text: his hand. Concerned.
scene_heading: INT. DAKOTA MART - DAY
text: Brady is working. He is in a bad mood.
text: He is lining up women’s deodorant on the shelf. OLLIE and
text: SAGE, two young Lakota boys walk by. Ollie is about 15, tall
text: and good-looking. Adriano is 12, awkward, wearing a white
text: cowboy hat. Ollie notices Brady first.
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: Excuse me. Are you Brady Blackburn?
text: Brady turns around.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Yah?
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: My 1il brother is a big fan of
dialog: yours. Can we take a picture?
text: Ollie pushes Sage towards Brady. Brady smiles and shakes
text: Adriano’s hand.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: What’s your name buddy?
speaker_heading: ADRIANO
dialog: Adriano.
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Adriano. You're gonna be a bronc
dialog: rider when you grow up?
speaker_heading: ADRIANO
dialog: Yes sir.
text: Brady puts his arm around Adriano.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: You riding pony broncs yet?
text: Adriano smiles.
speaker_heading: ADRIANO
dialog: Yes sir.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: You're gonna stick it to them when
dialog: you get older huh?
speaker_heading: ADRIANO
dialog: Yes sir.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: You bet.
text: Ollie takes the photo.
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: Aright. Thank you. So... You
dialog: like... work here?
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: .--.I’m just trying to stay busy
dialog: while I’m healing up.
text: The two boys nod, slightly confused.
speaker_heading: ADRIANO
dialog: Hope you get better soon. And
dialog: looking forward to see you ride.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Thank you, buddy.
speaker_heading: ADRIANO
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: OLLIE
dialog: Nice to meet you.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: You boys spur them high.
dialog: 48.
text: The boys walk away. Brady looks over. Adriano waves at him
text: before they disappear around the corner.
text: Brady takes a moment and starts putting the deodorant onto
dialog: the shelf.
scene_heading: INT. DAKOTA MART - LATER
text: Brady works the check out line.
text: Victor puts a basket of baby product down on the counter.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Wow, Brady.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Hey, Victor.
text: Brady starts to ring up his items. Victor looks at him.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: What... You work here now?
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Yah. A man is gotta do what he
dialog: gotta do I guess.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Hm... I don’t know. You gotta get
text: back to riding horses and rodeo.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: I know. I’m riding some gentle
dialog: ones. But I just don’t have the
dialog: stamina like I used to.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Apollo is waiting for you.
text: Brady smiles, keeping his eyes on the check out screen.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: He’s a good one going to waste for
dialog: sure.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: I‘1l let him go for seven.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Well... I’1l see what I can do.
dialog: 49,
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: A horse like that needs someone
dialog: like you.
text: Brady smiles faintly and hands Victor his groceries.
speaker_heading: VICTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey, don’t give up.
text: Victor walks away, leaving Brady at the check out line.
scene_heading: INT. BRADY'S TRAILER - LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: Lilly is reading her book out loud. Enjoying herself.
text: Brady sits on the sofa and takes his hat off.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Lil, since you’re in high school,
dialog: what do you think about taking up
dialog: some sports?
speaker_heading: LILLY
dialog: Well... Do some... Shoots and hoots
dialog: for... Basketball.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: You wanna play basketball?
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: The only sport she’s gonna play is
dialog: barrel racing.
speaker_heading: LILLY
dialog: No way!
text: Wayne sits down next to Lilly.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: I stopped by family dollar and got
dialog: you a surprise.
text: He tosses a plastic bag to Lilly.
speaker_heading: LILLY
dialog: Me? Yah!
text: Lilly opens it and pulls out a pink bra. Her smiles drops
dialog: immediately.
speaker_heading: LILLY (CONT'D)
dialog: I don’t think you.
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: You don’t think so. Why the hell
dialog: not? You wanna go to that rodeo
dialog: with me, you gotta wear a bra. It’s
dialog: public place.
speaker_heading: LILLY
dialog: No!
text: Brady watches the usual bickering and decides to join in.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: You're in high school now, Lil. You
dialog: can wear a bra.
speaker_heading: LILLY
dialog: I don't like...
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Come on. You’re fifteen years old.
speaker_heading: LILLY
dialog: But I don’t like fifteen anymore. I
dialog: just want fourteen years old.
text: Brady can’t help but to smile.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: You can’t do a fourteen no more
dialog: dear.
speaker_heading: LILLY
dialog: Yes you well! Because... It’s like
dialog: a celebration coming on. But I just
dialog: have... two, four, six, eight and
dialog: one, three, five, seven, nine, is
dialog: not a plan ever!
scene_heading: INT. LILLY’S ROOM - DAY
text: Lilly is sitting in her room next to her pink lamp, cutting
text: up the bra into pieces.
text: Brady walks in and sits next to her.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Hey Lilly.
text: Lilly picks up a speaker phone that lights up every time she
text: speaks into it and alters her voice to a strange pitch.
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: LILLY
dialog: Hey. I don’t like to wear a bra
dialog: anymore. It’s all yuckey.
text: Brady laughs.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Lil, you know dad is just trying to
dialog: watch out for you right?
speaker_heading: LILLY
dialog: Yah. I sure better tell him to
text: watch out for the revolving door.
dialog: He should just grease it.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: If you don’t wanna do something
dialog: you're just not gonna do it right?
speaker_heading: LILLY
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: You're stubborn like your big
dialog: brother.
text: Lilly continues to cut the bra. Brady watches her and smiles.
scene_heading: INT. BRADY'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Brady takes some money in a zip-lock bag from under his
text: mattress. He counts it. It’s not enough to buy Apollo.
text: He looks up and sees photos of himself riding bucking horses.
text: He looks down at his bronc saddle in the corner of the room.
scene_heading: EXT. BLACK HILLS PAWN - DAY
text: Brady walks towards the pawnshop with his saddle over his
dialog: shoulder.
scene_heading: INT. BLACK HILLS PAWN - DAY
text: Brady walks in and notices a roll of saddles ready to be
text: pawned by the door.
text: MOE, the pawn shop employee inspects the saddle.
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: MOE
dialog: Definitely looks like you got some
dialog: wear and tear on it. A little rough
dialog: there. Some custom bolts here...
dialog: Uh... You definitely used it.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: It’s only been on a hundred horses
dialog: or so. I won it at a pro rodeo in
dialog: Cherokee, Oklahoma.
speaker_heading: MOE
dialog: Wow. Pro rodeo huh... Saddles, we
dialog: are pretty stocked up on, you know,
dialog: this time of the year. Something
dialog: like this I can probably offer you,
dialog: four hundred bucks if that’1l help
dialog: you out?
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: You know one of those new ones will
dialog: probably run two, three thousand
dialog: dollars.
speaker_heading: MOE
dialog: General rule of thumb, pawn shop
dialog: offer about a quarter on the
dialog: dollar, so... If it’s worth two
dialog: grant, huh... Maybe just five
dialog: hundred just to help you out, since
dialog: you're selling it. You don’t want
dialog: it back.
text: Brady thinks and gives in.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Aright...
speaker_heading: MOE
dialog: Perfect, let me get some paperwork
dialog: going.
text: While Moe is typing at the computer. Brady rearrange the
text: stirrup.
speaker_heading: MOE (CONT'D)
dialog: You know, I see a lot of cowboys
text: coming in with their saddles. A lot
dialog: of them get rid of them. You can’t
dialog: rodeo forever, right?
text: Brady looks down at the saddle, his hand holding onto the
text: rough leather.
dialog: 53.
scene_heading: EXT. BRADY’S TRAILER - EVENING
text: Brady takes the saddle from the back of the pick-up. Wayne is
text: practicing roping.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: What’re you doing with that saddle?
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: I was gonna pawn it.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Pawn it? For what?
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: That big bay horse at Victor's.
dialog: Apollo. I think he’s gonna turn out
dialog: to be a good one.
text: Brady waits. No response from Wayne. He turns and walks back
text: to the trailer.
scene_heading: INT. BRADY’S TRAILER - EVENING
text: Brady walks in. Lilly is reading her book out loud.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: How's school, Lil?
speaker_heading: LILLY
dialog: It was fun.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Oh yah?
speaker_heading: LILLY
dialog: A sing along. I show you.
text: Lilly starts to sing a lullaby in Spanish. Her voice is
text: beautiful. Brady sits back and listens.
scene_heading: INT. BRADY'S TRAILER - EVENING
text: Brady is making frozen burgers. Wayne walks in and takes off
text: his hat.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: I called Victor. He said you can go
dialog: pick up Apollo tomorrow.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: What?
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: I sold that buckskin to a guy in
dialog: Minnesota. I told Victor I’1l pay
dialog: once I get the money.
text: Brady is surprised. He stares at Wayne who is checking out
text: the burger on the stove.
speaker_heading: WAYNE (CONT’D)
dialog: Those burgers are bad.
text: He scoops the burger patties up and throws them in the trash,
text: opens the fridge and gets a bear. Brady still stares at him.
speaker_heading: WAYNE (CONT’D)
dialog: I’m going to the bar.
text: He taps on the freezer.
speaker_heading: WAYNE (CONT’D)
dialog: There’s pizza in here for Lilly.
text: Wayne drinks his beer and leaves.
text: Brady stands alone in the kitchen. A moment later, he smiles.
scene_heading: EXT. VICTOR'S HOUSE - DAY
text: Brady leads Apollo into the trailer and shakes Victor's hand.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Good luck to both of you.
scene_heading: EXT. BRADY’S CORRAL - DAY
text: Brady uses a rope to lasso Apollo’s right hind leg. Apollo is
text: agitated, kicking dirt and resisting by the fence.
text: Once the rope is around Apollo's heel, Brady ties the other
text: end to a poll. He then grabs the saddle. Apollo starts the
text: struggle. He is tough and powerful, but his halter and the
text: rope holds him in place. The wooden fence shakes violently as
text: he thrusts his body to break free.
text: Brady puts the saddle on him and lets him lose. Apollo starts
text: bucking immediately. Brady isn’t afraid, he welcomes it by
text: running at Apollo, getting him agitated and bucking. Brady
text: makes all kinds of loud and aggressive noises, waving his hat
text: and hands. Apollo bucks and runs. It’s like a violent dance.
text: Finally, Apollo seems to calm down a little.
dialog: 55.
text: Brady starts to flap the stirrup against Apollo’s body.
text: Apollo starts to buck again. They go at this for a while
text: until Apollo is desensitized.
text: Brady grabs the rein and Apollo’s mane. He turns Apollo while
text: keeping one of his feet in the stirrup. When he feels
text: comfortable, he swings around and gets on Apollo.
text: Apollo's body freezes. Brady starts to kick and signals
text: Apollo to move. Suddenly Apollo starts to run real fast and
text: bucking at the same time. Brady hangs on tight. Instead of
text: trying to calm Apollo down, Brady keeps making loud noises,
text: kicking and getting Apollo to buck. Until finally, Apollo
text: slows down and starts to run normally.
text: They run around the corral until both are exhausted.
text: Brady gets off Apollo and pets him. He backs away holding the
text: rein, keeping his eyes on Apollo. Brady gets on one knee,
text: lower himself to Apollo.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Step forward. Come on, buddy, just
dialog: one step.
text: Slowly, Apollo takes a step.
speaker_heading: BRADY (CONT'D)
dialog: Good boy. That’s it.
text: Brady gently pets Apollo’s nose.
speaker_heading: BRADY (CONT'D)
dialog: I had a big ol’ horse like you
text: named Gus. Now that he is gone,
dialog: think you can take care of me?
text: Apollo's eyes are a light shade of amber.
text: Brady smiles.
text: Music starts. Time is passing -
scene_heading: EXT. WOLF CAMP - DUSK - TIME PASSING
text: Music continues.
text: Brady's truck pulls up to a secret spot in the Badlands
dialog: called “Wolf Camp”.
text: Brady and Lilly walk out of the truck towards the edge of the
text: Badlands. It’s the most breathtaking view at sunset.
dialog: 56.
text: The Badlands stretches towards the horizon. The sky is a
text: beautiful shade of purple, orange and blue.
text: Brady and Lilly are sitting at the edge.
speaker_heading: LILLY
dialog: Good night sun! See you in the
dialog: morning!
text: Brady watches the last ray of sun disappearing.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: You know Lil... I’m sorry I haven't
dialog: been around that much... Busy
dialog: rodeoing and all...
speaker_heading: LILLY
dialog: I know. You just... Long time ago.
dialog: It’s good. You’re fine. I’m good.
dialog: Now I’m just feel sorry too.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: .+.-Do you miss mom?
speaker_heading: LILLY
dialog: Yah... I’m sure it’s a good
dialog: adventure again.
text: Brady looks back at the horizon. The sun has disappeared over
text: the Badlands wall.
scene_heading: EXT. PRAIRIE - TIME PASSING
dialog: Music continues -
dialog: The sunrise.
text: Brady walks around holding a halter, calling out for Apollo.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Come on Apollo! Come on buddy!
text: He stops when he notices Apollo on a hill grazing. He
text: whistles loudly.
text: Apollo perks its head up, sees Brady, and runs down the hill
text: towards him. He stops right in front of Brady.
text: Brady is riding Apollo across the plains. The purplish
text: Badlands passing them as he gallops.
dialog: 57.
scene_heading: EXT. BILL’S CORRAL - EVENING
dialog: Music continues -
text: Brady trains Bill’s horse - a brown Arabian colt that’s never
text: been rode before. Bill is the silver-haired cowboy who asked
text: him for help at the bar.
text: The young horse runs around the corral, avoiding Brady and
text: Bill at first, slipping, falling to the ground, getting up,
text: runs again, panting, agitated.
text: Brady is calm. Like a fish to water, Brady seems to
text: understand every movement of the horse, as if they are locked
text: in some kind of telepathic dance routine.
text: Bill is speechless when Brady manages to get on the colt
text: bareback in no time.
scene_heading: INT. BRADY’S TRAILER - LIVING ROOM - TIME PASSING
dialog: Music continues -
text: Brady and Wayne are sitting at the table, sharing a joint and
text: looking through horse papers.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Heard about Superbars. He was a
dialog: good old horse back in 60s or so.
dialog: Wish he was buckskin.
text: Wayne takes a galp of his beer.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Every body gets color blind in the
dialog: horse world.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: You can’t ride the color, you can’t
dialog: ride the papers.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: No.
text: The father and son continue to share their knowledge and love
dialog: for horses.
scene_heading: EXT. PRAIRIE - NIGHT - TIME PASSING
text: The harvest moon is bright in the sky. The edge of the
text: Badlands is visible in the dark.
dialog: 58.
text: Brady walks around by himself.
text: Music ends. End of time pass montage.
scene_heading: EXT. BRADY’S CORRAL - MORNING
text: Brady rides hard, galloping across the prairie.
text: He slows down, puling on the reins as the sun glares down
text: above him.
text: He rubs his brow, suddenly feeling faint. He lurches forward
text: and vomits. He loses control, jumping from Apollo and
text: staggering before falling collapses onto the ground.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - ER - DAY
text: Brady wakes up in the dim hospital room. He is lying in bed,
text: wearing a blue gown and oxygen tubes in his nose.
text: He leans forward, pulling them off and ripping off the blood
text: pressure aneroid on his arm.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - DOCTOR’S OFFICE - DAY
text: Brady sits opposite the DOCTOR at her desk, Wayne sitting on
text: a chair in the corner. The doctor shows him the x-rays
text: highlighting the severity of his injury. Wayne sits by Brady,
text: slouched in a chair.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: What’s going on with your hand is
dialog: called a partial complex seizure.
dialog: It’s not uncommon with head
dialog: injuries like yours.
text: Brady wipes his forehead. Wayne shifts in his seat.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Your brain is sending these
dialog: impulses so fast to your hand that
dialog: your hand cant keep up. This could
dialog: explain your dizziness and it’s
dialog: probably why you fainted.
text: Brady looks down.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Resting is very important Brady...
dialog: Your Dad says you haven’t been
dialog: resting at all? Is that right?
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: I told him to rest. He never
dialog: listens though. It’s lucky he
dialog: didn’t hurt his head.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: If you don’t stop your seizures are
dialog: going to get worse. No more riding,
dialog: no more rodeos. You cant afford
text: another head injury on top of the
dialog: one you already have. OK?
text: Brady leans back in his chair. Dejected.
scene_heading: I/E. PICK-UP ON HIGHWAY - EVENING
text: Wayne is driving. He looks over at Brady.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Well, Brady, sometimes we gotta
dialog: play the cards we’re dealt.
dialog: Sometimes... I guess... dreams
dialog: aren’t meant to be.
text: Brady stays quiet.
text: Wayne looks over at him again.
speaker_heading: WAYNE (CONT’D)
dialog: You know, I’m your dad. You can
dialog: talk to me.
text: Brady continues to keep quiet.
speaker_heading: WAYNE (CONT’D)
dialog: Too bad your mom ain’t here. You
dialog: and her can be stubborn together.
text: Brady stares at the disappearing lights outside the window.
text: His face expressionless.
scene_heading: EXT. DAKOTA MART - DUSK
text: Brady stands alone outside the store. The sun has set and
text: people are climbing into their cars to head home. He spits
text: chew into an empty soda bottle and looks up.
text: He notices a young man riding a horse on the side of the
text: highway towards the parking lot.
text: JOHNNY, a young Lakota teenager, climbs from the horse and
text: ties him to a pole.
dialog: 60.
text: He walks passed Brady and they nod to each other in
text: acknowledgement before Johnny goes into the store.
text: Brady walks towards the horse. He lets the horse smell his
text: hand and pets him. The horse seems out of place in this
text: urban environment of traffic and concrete.
text: Brady sighs.
scene_heading: INT. COMMON CENTS GAS & GROCERY - NIGHT
text: Brady cleans up the food prep room. Washing blood from
text: carving knives.
text: He mops the floor in the dim hallway.
text: He takes off his store uniform, changes into his cowboy
text: outfit and puts his cowboy hat on.
scene_heading: INT. BRADY'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: A collection of Brady’s rodeo belt buckles sits on the
text: drawer. Prescription bottles, bullets, tobacco chews and a
text: grey colored bible on the night stand.
text: Brady watches videos of himself riding at various rodeos.
scene_heading: EXT. BRADY’S TRAILER - THE NEXT DAY
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Stay back in your saddle.
text: Brady is training James to ride saddle bronc on a tall
text: training barrel that moves like a bucking horse, while Cat
text: operates it with a lever handle.
text: Brady is holding the rope and shows James how to keep equal
text: pressure, how to squeeze the swells.
speaker_heading: BRADY (CONT'D)
dialog: You're gonna kick. See how that
dialog: works? Keep the slack out of your
dialog: rein.
text: Brady and James's hand grip the rope as the large barrel
text: creeks back and forth.
speaker_heading: BRADY (CONT'D)
dialog: Ready? No slack! Pressure! Where’s
dialog: the pressure?
dialog: 61.
text: James, his face flushed and dotted with sweat, leans back,
text: his arm in the air, rock back and forth in an imaginary ride.
speaker_heading: BRADY (CONT'D)
dialog: Like that! Perfect. Just like that.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: So after that I throw my shoulder
dialog: back?
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Yes, to get rid of the slack in
dialog: your rein then up in the air and to
dialog: your left.
text: The younger James dotes on his every word. Acting out the
text: action as Brady speaks.
text: Cat lifts the lever handle, as James ricks back and forth,
text: throwing his legs forward, blowing air from his cheeks as
text: Brady gives instructions.
speaker_heading: BRADY (CONT'D)
dialog: Ride like it’s gonna be the last
dialog: horse you ever get on. Because any
dialog: bronc could be the last one.
scene_heading: EXT. BRADY’S TRAILER - LATER
text: Brady climbs up onto the training barrel.
speaker_heading: CAT
text: Big ol’ shaggy bronc.
text: Brady laughs as he arranges the rope.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Ok, I’m gonna feel the jump. Go
dialog: ahead.
text: Cat pulls the lever as Brady finds the right length for his
text: rope. He’s satisfied and gives Cat the nod to start pushing.
text: Brady rocks back and forth, kicking his legs out, and turning
text: his rigid body in synchronization with the rocking of the
text: barrel. He’s serious and focused.
speaker_heading: BRADY (CONT'D)
dialog: See how I go back and across?
text: Cat smiles as he pushes down on the lever. Its good to see
text: Brady up there again, even if only on a practice barrel.
speaker_heading: CAT
dialog: Lift!
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: 62.
dialog: See? Give him some rein. Hold hima
text: second then beat him back to the
dialog: ground! Fast feet!
speaker_heading: CAT
dialog: Be like water my friend.
text: The intensity on Brady’s face lifts for a second. He’s
text: already out of breath. He leans forward.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: James, you wanna try?
text: As Brady leans forward he finds he can’t let
text: His hand is gripping around the rope tightly
dialog: control it. Trying hard not to make anything
text: of the other boys, he struggles to peel open
speaker_heading: CAT
dialog: You aright?
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Yes, I’m fine.
text: Brady pulls his hand free and lowers himself
scene_heading: INT. BRADY'S TRAILER - LIVING ROOM - DAY
dialog: go of the rope.
dialog: and he can’t
dialog: of it in front
text: his fingers.
text: to the ground.
text: A rodeo blares from the large TV in the corner of the room.
text: Brady holds a yellow cowboy shirt. He’s giving James his old
text: rodeo gear since the young cowboy is just starting out.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: This is Lane Scott’s old riding
dialog: shirt. He won about 15 thousand
dialog: dollars in one summer wearing this
dialog: shirt. It was mine for a while. I
dialog: probably had my best summer in it.
dialog: If it fits you, you can have it
dialog: too. Too short in the arms for me.
text: Brady hands James the shirt and sits down next to Cat.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Damn.
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: CAT
dialog: Some cowboys believe yellow is
dialog: superstitious. That ones lucky
dialog: though, ha?
text: Brady smiles.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: That one must just be ‘stitious’.
text: They smile and watch James as he tries on the shirt.
speaker_heading: BRADY (CONT'D)
dialog: Don’t make it look bad.
text: James fastens the buttons and holds out his arms.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I like it.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: You can try those chaps on too. If
dialog: they fit, go ahead and take them.
text: He watches James trying on his chaps and spurs. Like a
text: superhero seeing someone else wearing his cape.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: They fit perfect. Thanks Brades.
dialog: Appreciate it.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Yep.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I can’t wait to ride in these bad
dialog: boys.
text: James motions the action of being on a bucking horse. He’s
text: trying to seem manly, but it doesn’t come off.
text: Brady watches James for another moment. James notices his
text: stare and quickly looks away.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: James, do you still wrestle?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Do you still wrestle?
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Sometimes. Haven’t practiced in a
dialog: while though.
speaker_heading: CAT
dialog: I’m down for a match or two.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Come on. Let’s wrestle then.
text: James looks confused.
text: Cat smirks, although he too seems unsure if Brady is serious.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Why not? We used to practice
dialog: together.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Yah... Well... that was tenth
dialog: grade.
speaker_heading: CAT
dialog: Been a long day. Shake it up a bit.
text: Brady looks determined. James gives in.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Aright. Ok.
text: Brady and James shake hands. The boys start to circle around
text: each other. Very soon James has a smile on his face too.
text: They go at each other, wrestling as hard as they can. Clearly
text: both of them have some training in the past.
text: It looks like an even match for a while. James even seems to
text: have an upper hand.
text: Then, suddenly, Brady takes it seriously. He grabs onto James
text: and puts him in a choke hold, flips him over his shoulder and
text: pins him onto the ground.
text: James struggles to get out of Brady’s hold. His legs kicking
text: out. But Brady holds him tight, too tight. James struggles
dialog: to breathe.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: Aright! I’m good. Brady. I’m
dialog: pinned!
dialog: 65.
text: James is clearly in pain. But Brady doesn’t let him go,
text: keeping him in the choke hold.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: Ok... Brady...
speaker_heading: CAT
dialog: Aright, aright.
text: Cat pulls Brady away from James.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Fuck Brady!
text: Now getting some air in his lungs, James gets up quickly.
speaker_heading: CAT
dialog: You aright?
text: Brady immediately feels guilty.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Didn't hurt you, did I?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Told you I was pinned! Told you I
dialog: was done! What’s the matter with
dialog: you!?
speaker_heading: CAT
dialog: Cowboy up partner.
text: James shakes his head and walks away.
text: Cat walks into the kitchen, leaving Brady alone.
text: Brady wipes his face, steadies his breath. He looks up at the
text: TV - the screen shows the replay of a cowboy riding bucking
text: horse in slow motion.
scene_heading: EXT. CAT’S TRAILER - NIGHT
text: A moth rest on the florescent light. The sound of a tattoo
text: gun buzzing.
text: Cat is finishing up the tattoo of Lane on Brady’s back.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: You don’t think I was too hard on
dialog: James, do you?
speaker_heading: CAT
dialog: Nah. He is aright.
dialog: 66.
text: The room falls silent again.
text: Cat looks at Brady for a moment, while wiping blood off of
text: his fresh tattoo.
speaker_heading: CAT (CONT'D)
dialog: You know, I know about your hand. I
dialog: know you ain’t supposed to be
dialog: rodeoing or anything like that.
text: Brady doesn’t react. Cat starts tattooing again.
speaker_heading: CAT (CONT'D)
dialog: Must be tough. I know it’s tough.
dialog: But... You just gotta learn to let
dialog: it go, and move on....
text: Cat stops his tattoo gun and looks up at Brady.
speaker_heading: CAT (CONT'D)
dialog: Or it will eat at ya.
text: Brady's jaw is tense. He stays quiet.
speaker_heading: CAT (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s gotta be tough... I mean... I
dialog: understand.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: No. You don’t understand.
text: Cat stops, looks at Brady, waiting for him to say something
text: else. But Brady is silent.
scene_heading: INT. LANE’S ROOM - DAY
text: Brady shows Lane the tattoo. PBR bull riding national finals
text: is broadcasting on the radio.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: It’s you Lane. Your favorite
dialog: picture of yourself on a bull.
text: Lane is smiling and he starts to sign with his left hand.
speaker_heading: BRADY (CONT'D)
dialog: S, a, 1, t, y, salty.
text: Brady laughs.
speaker_heading: BRADY (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s pretty salty huh. I really
dialog: like it!
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: BRADY (CONT'D)
dialog: I really like how he puts the feet
dialog: on there. That was a pretty good
dialog: call huh?
text: Lane sighs with a thumb up, grinning.
text: Brady is helping Lane to change out of his t-shirt into a
text: cowboy shirt.
text: Lane’s body is thin and frail from the lack of movement. On
text: his back there is a large tattoo that reads “Say I wont”.
text: Brady helps him to put the shirt on one sleeve at a time,
text: wiping drool off of his mouth. There is a large tattoo
text: covering the whole side of Lane’s body - the late legendary
text: bull rider Lane Frost riding a bucking bull. Next to the
text: tattoo, a gastrostomy tube is inserted into Lane’s flesh.
text: Brady bottoms up Lane’s shirt. Lane looks up at him.
speaker_heading: BRADY (CONT'D)
text: Looking good stud muffin.
text: Lane smiles.
scene_heading: INT. REHABILITATION CENTER - TRAINING ROOM
text: Four PHYSIOTHERAPISTS help Lane to get on a practice saddle -
text: a saddle strapped on a wooden platform with reins attached in
text: the front.
text: Lane’s shaking hand reaches for the horn of the saddle. Brady
text: quickly takes his hand and places it onto the horn and holds
text: onto Lane’s hand so it doesn’t slip off.
text: It’s a difficult process, but Lane eventually sits onto the
text: saddle. He looks up at Brady with a big grin on his face.
text: Brady takes Lane’s cowboy hat and puts it onto Lane’s head.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Don’t wanna get a sunburn.
text: Lane starts to move his body back and forth as if he is ona
text: galloping horse, holding the reins in each hand, while Brady
text: holds the other two ends of the rein, standing in front of
text: Lane. Lane has trouble keeping his head up.
speaker_heading: BRADY (CONT'D)
dialog: Look up at me brother. Look up at
dialog: me, Lane.
dialog: 68.
text: Lane slowly rise his head. Shaking his body faster as if he
text: is riding fast.
text: Brady starts laughing with Lane out of pure joy at seeing his
text: friends spirits so high.
speaker_heading: BRADY (CONT'D)
dialog: Halt boy. Now slow him down a
dialog: little bit. Back him up.
text: Lane stops shaking and slowly pulling the reins back.
speaker_heading: BRADY (CONT'D)
dialog: Now sit up straight. Let’s do some
dialog: loping. Go fast!
text: Lane starts to shake his body again. They both start
text: laughing.
speaker_heading: BRADY (CONT'D)
text: Really loping off to the distance
dialog: huh? You bet. Now stop. Say halt
dialog: boy. Let me hear you say halt...
text: Lane makes a low sound through his damaged vocal cords.
speaker_heading: BRADY (CONT'D)
dialog: Good job. Now you better watch out.
dialog: She may start bucking. Keep a good
dialog: tight seat on there. You better
dialog: lift up your rein.
text: Lane struggles to keep his head up.
speaker_heading: BRADY (CONT'D)
dialog: Lift, lift... lift...
text: Lane’s head sinks lower.
speaker_heading: BRADY (CONT'D)
dialog: You got her pull up now...
text: Suddenly, Brady stops smiling, a wave of sadness hits him. He
text: looks down, takes a deep breath and looks up at Lane, whose
text: head is still down.
text: Brady straightens his body, his face firm.
speaker_heading: BRADY (CONT'D)
dialog: Look up Lane. Look up at me
dialog: brother. Pick your head up. Way up.
text: Lane struggles painfully but lifts his head up slowly, with a
text: proud smile on his face.
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: BRADY (CONT'D)
dialog: There you go Lane. Good work. You
dialog: got it now. Stay tough.
text: Brady says goodbye to Lane. They do their usual complicated
text: hand shake. Brady helps Lane with his hand. Then he lifts
text: Lane’s arm up so they can give each other a hug.
text: They hug for a moment.
speaker_heading: BRADY (CONT'D)
dialog: I love you brother. It’s really
dialog: good seeing you.
text: Lane gives Brady the thumb up.
speaker_heading: BRADY (CONT'D)
dialog: Gotta get home though. I will be
dialog: back soon. Keep working hard.
text: Brady walks away leaving Lane behind him.
scene_heading: INT. BRADY'S TRUCK - DAY
text: Brady drives for a while in silence. Loud wind blowing
text: outside the window.
text: He tries to hold back but can’t. Tears roll down his face. He
text: quickly pulls over and breaks down sobbing.
scene_heading: INT. BRADY'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Brady puts his hat on the wall. Takes off his shirt and
text: starts cleaning the room. He notices his rodeo bag in the
text: corner, gathering dust.
text: He pulls his chaps and riding rope out of the bag. Holding
text: the black and white rope tightly in his hand, stretching out
text: in front of him as if he is riding a bronc horse. Then
text: slowly, he stops and puts the rope down.
text: Brady sits at the edge of the bed and cleans his pistol. He
text: sits back in bed and draws the pistol as if he was in an old
text: western movie, aiming the gun at himself in the closet
text: mirror. The broken mirror distorts Brady’s face, fracturing
text: it as he rubs his throbbing brow. Lilly’s paper stars dot
text: the wall behind him like bullet holes.
dialog: 70.
scene_heading: EXT. PRAIRIE - DAY
text: Brady walks around. It’s windy. He whistles and calls out for
dialog: Apollo.
text: He grows impatient. His whistle louder. But there is still no
text: sign of Apollo in the wide open plains.
text: Brady keeps walking. He stops when he notices something -
text: A broken fence. The barbwire is broken and tangled.
text: Brady quickly runs over. Blood and flesh scatter the ground.
text: Brady finds Apollo.
text: The barbed wire has badly cut through his joint like a
text: hacksaw. Apollo is breathing harshly.
text: Brady looks at the deep, bone cutting wound. His heart sinks.
text: He tries to get Apollo to walk, but the injured horse trips
text: and cries out loudly, neighing, panting.
text: Brady knows what needs to be done. He sits down for a moment.
text: Looks at Apollo for a long time.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: I’m sorry buddy. Should’ve stayed
dialog: close to home...
text: Brady takes his pistol out of the gun holder. He stands up,
text: takes a deep breath, toughens up and points it at Apollo.
text: Suddenly Apollo shakes his head, panicked, neighing, whining,
text: as if he understood what Brady is about to do.
text: The last bit of toughness in Brady is gone. He can’t do it.
text: He uncocks the pistol.
scene_heading: EXT. PRAIRIE - DUSK
text: The sun has disappeared behind the Badlands.
text: Wayne checks the bullets in the pistol and takes the rein
dialog: from Brady.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Whistle for him when you walk away
dialog: please.
text: Brady walks away from them.
dialog: 71.
text: Wayne points the gun at Apollo, unmoved. He has done this
dialog: many times.
text: Brady stops. He is facing away from Wayne and Apollo. He
text: waits for a moment. The wind picks up.
text: He whistles.
text: BANG! A loud gun shot immediately follows, echoing out over
dialog: the hills.
text: Brady steadies his breath, staying tough. He spits and walks
text: away. Behind him, Wayne takes his hat off as he looks down at
text: Apollo's lifeless body.
scene_heading: INT. BRADY'S TRAILER - BATHROOM - NIGHT
text: Slow motion of Brady’s hands, washing away Apollo’s blood.
text: Water dripping down his face. His eyes are blank.
scene_heading: INT. BRADY'S BEDROOM - THE NEXT DAY
text: Brady wakes up slowly.
text: He gets dressed methodically for the rodeo.
text: He puts his rodeo hat on - a grey felt hat with an eagle
text: feather. He looks himself in the mirror. Determined.
scene_heading: INT. BRADY'S TRAILER - LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: Lilly is reading. Brady sits next to her.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: I love you Lilly.
speaker_heading: LILLY
dialog: I love you too.
text: Brady watches Lilly for a moment.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Apollo got hurt and we had to put
dialog: him down.
speaker_heading: LILLY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Yah.
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: LILLY
dialog: Like skeleton?
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Yah. You know I got hurt too,
dialog: right? Just like Apollo did.... But
dialog: I got to live...
text: He takes his cowboy hat off and looks at the dent still left
text: from the horse hoof.
speaker_heading: BRADY (CONT'D)
dialog: I was only kept alive because...
dialog: I’m human... If an animal around
dialog: here... got hurt as bad as I did,
dialog: we'll have to put them down. It
dialog: just not fair to them if they can’t
dialog: do what they were born to do...
speaker_heading: LILLY
dialog: Heaven.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Yah. They go to heaven.
scene_heading: EXT. BRADY’S TRAILER - DAY
text: Brady loads the saddle into his pickup. Wayne walks up.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Where are you going with that?
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Where does it look like I’m going?
dialog: I’m going to the rodeo.
text: Wayne is surprised.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: You fucking crazy?
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: I’m gonna ride. I figured you’1l
dialog: come and watch.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: What the fuck do I wanna come for?
dialog: Watch you kill yourself?
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: I’m gonna fucking ride, aright,
dialog: dad?
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Whatever. You never listen to
dialog: anything anyone says.
text: Brady almost laughs. He turns around to face Wayne.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: I don’t listen?! I always fucking
dialog: listened. Everything you ever
dialog: fucking said to me! What happened
dialog: to “cowboy up”, “grit your teeth”?
dialog: Didn't you always say “be a man
dialog: Brady! Fucking step up, get back
dialog: on, be a man!?” What happened to
dialog: all that, Dad?
text: Wayne doesn’t look at Brady. His stern face now has a hint of
dialog: sadness.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Well, not today.
text: He tries to take Brady’s bronc saddle from the truck.
speaker_heading: WAYNE (CONT’D)
dialog: You don’t need to fucking go...
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Bull shit. I’m fucking riding!
text: Brady grabs the saddle to keep it in place.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Fine!
text: Wayne lets go of the saddle.
speaker_heading: WAYNE (CONT’D)
dialog: Go kill yourself then!
text: He walks away.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Look at you now. What’re you good
dialog: for?
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: I made you!
text: Brady watches Wayne walking back to the trailer.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: I’m not gonna end up like you.
dialog: 74.
text: Wayne stops for a moment, but there’s nothing to say.
text: Brady quickly gets into the truck and drives away.
scene_heading: EXT. BRADY’S TRUCK ON HIGHWAY
text: Brady’s truck is seen from a distance. A tiny vehicle
text: barreling through the endless badlands.
scene_heading: INT. PICK-UP ON HIGHWAY
text: Brady's eyes are fixed on the road. He looks down at the
text: passenger seat and notices something - Lilly’s recorder.
text: He picks it up and presses play. Lilly’s cheerful voice
text: rattles out of it. As always Lilly’s words are unique only
text: to her, but Brady finds comfort in hearing her voice. He
text: cant help but smile.
speaker_heading: LILLY
dialog: I know it’s your train Elmo, but I
dialog: only played a little minute. I’11l
dialog: give it back, I promise. And you
dialog: know what? This is amazing! Good!
dialog: Always names like me... Lilly!
text: The recorder goes dead.
text: Brady's smile drops and his eyes focus on the road.
scene_heading: EXT. WATERS RODEO - DAY
text: Brady walks into the rodeo with his saddle and gear across
text: his back.
text: He is reunited with the boys. Moving passed Tanner and James,
text: shaking hands as he goes. Everyone is happy to see him.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Hey Brady!
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Hey Brady! What you doing here?
text: Brady forces a smile.
text: He takes a spot by the fence and starts to puts on his chaps
text: and spurs.
text: He looks over to see Cat giving him a look as he too gets
dialog: ready to ride.
dialog: 75.
text: The rodeo is in full swing. A bareback rider leaps from the
text: gate and is immediately bucked off his horse in a cloud of
text: dust. The crowd gasps and cheers as he hits the ground hard.
text: Brady puts on his spurs and prepares his saddle. He keeps
text: shaking his right hand.
text: He sits on the saddle on the ground and puts chalk onto the
text: grip. ANOTHER RIDER approaches him. They shake hands.
speaker_heading: RIDER
dialog: Good to see you back, Brady!
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Yah, you too!
text: Brady goes back to his saddle and immediately grabs his head,
text: rubbing his temple. He’s in pain and it shows.
text: Brady goes behind the chute to get his horse ready. The wild
text: bucking horse begins to go berserk in the Chute. Leaping up,
text: trying to get free. The riders try to hold it down as it
text: kicks and struggles against the metal bars. You have to be
dialog: either brave or stupid to get on an animal like that. Brady
text: seems determined to be both.
text: The horse falls to the ground and Brady lowers his body down
text: dangerously into the chute to pull the horse back to its
text: feet. The Horse stands and smashes once again against the
text: bars before finally calming down.
text: Brady stops for a moment, watching another ride. He looks
text: around and something catches his eye.
text: Wayne and Lilly are in the audience, standing by the fence.
text: Lilly sees Brady and waves.
text: Brady is surprised to see them. He holds back his emotions
text: and forces a smile.
text: Wayne nods at Brady, acknowledging his son. Letting him know
text: that his family have come to support him.
text: Brady nods back, but quickly walks away, jumping from the
text: chute and tries to focus, doing his stretches, going through
text: his routine. The bright sun glares behind him.
text: Brady is pacing back and forth. He is breathing hard. He
text: looks down at his hand and realizes that, once again, it’s
text: gripping on its own, so tight, his knuckles are pale. He
text: tries to peel open his hand but it doesn’t work.
text: He struggles to let go.
dialog: 76.
text: Brady thinks for a moment, then he steadies his breath and
text: slowly closes his eyes.
text: The sound of the crowd starts to fade around Brady. He is not
text: struggling anymore, he just stands there.
dialog: Then -
text: His hand, still trembles, but his fingers slowly open up on
text: their own and let go.
text: The heavy rope drops onto the ground.
text: Brady opens his eyes. Almost surprised as he looks down at
text: his open palm.
text: The boys are calling out to him now. It’s his turn to ride.
text: But Brady doesn’t move.
text: Cat jumps off the chute to check on him.
speaker_heading: CAT
dialog: You aright?
text: Brady looks at his relaxed hand and up at Cat.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Yah.
speaker_heading: CAT
dialog: Come on then.
text: Brady doesn’t move. They look at each other for a moment.
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: Good luck, partner.
text: Brady reaches his hand out. Cat looks at him thoughtfully.
text: Then he reaches out to shake Brady’s hand in a moment of
dialog: quiet understanding and respect.
speaker_heading: CAT
dialog: You too, Cowboy.
text: Brady turns and walks away.
dialog: Music plays -
text: The beautiful moments of the rodeo at dusk. Young riders
text: risking it all in the arena. Their friends cheering them on
text: in the chute. Kids sitting on top of the fences, their dark
text: hair blowing in the wind - the next generation of riders.
dialog: 77.
text: Brady walks towards Wayne and Lilly, who waits for him in the
text: distance. Wind picks up and blows the dust into the air.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY THROUGH BADLANDS - DUSK
text: Brady and Lilly sit in the back of the truck. The Badlands is
text: a shade of purple and blue around them.
text: The road unravelling behind is endless, stretching all the
text: way to the horizon.
scene_heading: INT. REHABILITATION CENTER - DAY
dialog: Music continues -
text: Brady watches as Lane takes little steps with a walking
text: machine at the rehabilitation center. Each step he makes is
dialog: an achievement, each made with great effort and pain, but
text: Lane is smiling. His spirit is unbreakable.
text: Brady cheers Lane on as Lane walks towards him.
dialog: Music continues -
scene_heading: INT. LANE’S ROOM - LATER
text: Back in Lane’s room, the boys watch a winning bull ride Lane
text: made years ago. He is at the stand, pumping his fist in the
text: air. Everyone cheers for him.
text: Brady and Lane both smile down at the video.
speaker_heading: LANE (VIDEO)
dialog: Motors runnin’, feelin’ great!
speaker_heading: BRADY
dialog: There’s my brother.
text: Lane has a big grin on his face. The video stops. Brady’s
text: smile slowly fades. He struggles with his words.
speaker_heading: BRADY (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m sorry that I couldn’t be
dialog: around. I was always rodeoing,
dialog: going so much. I feel bad...
text: He looks up at Lane.
speaker_heading: BRADY (CONT'D)
dialog: Now I kind of understand how you
dialog: must've felt... And... now that...
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: BRADY (CONT'D)
dialog: I can’t rodeo... for a while... I
dialog: can at least come visit you more
dialog: often.
text: Brady looks down. It’s painful to finally admit it.
speaker_heading: BRADY (CONT'D)
dialog: So...
text: Lane stares at Brady. His hand shakes harshly, trying to
text: convey his words to Brady. Brady spells out the words reading
text: Lane’s hand gesture.
scene_heading: BRADY (READING LANE’S SIGN LANGUAGE)
speaker_heading: (CONT'D)
dialog: .--Don’t... give up on your
dialog: dreams...
text: He looks at Lane, who nods firmly at him. He continues to
text: sign with his shaking left hand. Brady reads.
scene_heading: BRADY (READING LANE’S SIGN LANGUAGE)
speaker_heading: (CONT'D)
dialog: ---You’ve...got a..
dialog: better chance than I do...
dialog: - You’ve got a
text: Lane nods again. Satisfied to have communicated it to Brady.
text: Brady looks down, holding back his emotions. He gets up and
text: stands in front of Lane.
speaker_heading: BRADY (CONT'D)
dialog: Come on. Look up at me brother.
text: He takes Lane’s hands and Lane looks up at him.
speaker_heading: BRADY (CONT'D)
dialog: Grab your reins. Now wheel them to
dialog: the left.
text: Lane pulls on Brady’s hand as if he were on a horse, and
text: brady’s hands are the rein.
speaker_heading: BRADY (CONT'D)
dialog: Now to the right... Good job Lane.
dialog: Go ahead, stop him. Back him up.
text: Lane pulls Brady’s hands towards him.
speaker_heading: BRADY (CONT'D)
dialog: You still got it.
text: Lane has trouble keeping his head up. But he is smiling.
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: BRADY (CONT'D)
dialog: You're... You’re on big old Gus
dialog: again. You remember old Gus. Loping
dialog: across there.
text: Lane is imagining riding Gus as Brady describes it. His face,
text: full of life and hope. Lane begins to remember -
scene_heading: EXT. BADLANDS - DUSK
text: The plains and the Badlands - drifting through towards the
text: light on the horizon.
speaker_heading: BRADY (V.O)
text: Through the Badlands, chasing them
text: cows out of the trees...
text: A horse’s hooves gliding through the tall grass.
scene_heading: INT. LANE’S ROOM - DAY
speaker_heading: BRADY
text: The sun’s shining. Wind blowing.
text: Brady's face, watching Lane. He looks calm and content.
speaker_heading: BRADY (CONT'D)
dialog: Remember the wind on your face. The
dialog: sun in your eyes.
text: Lane lifts his head up with a smile on his face. He closes
text: his eyes.
scene_heading: EXT. BADLANDS - DUSK
text: POV from the rider - the head of the horse as it moves
text: through the plains. The horse’s mane blowing in the wind.
text: The rider is Brady.
text: Brady is riding Gus again, in a luminous glow of sunlight.
text: The wind is blowing. Gus gallops across the plains. His
text: powerful hooves flying through the grass. Brady’s face
text: against the sky, content. Exactly where he wants to be.
text: CUT TO BLACK
dialog: Music continues -
dialog: Title. Credits roll.
dialog: 
