dialog: 
dialog: T H E G R E E N M I L E
dialog: Screenplay by Frank Darabont
dialog: from the novel by Stephen King
dialog: First Draft
speaker_heading: 11/4/97
dialog: "We each owe a death, there are no exceptions..."
scene_heading: --------------------------------------------------------------
text: A SONG BEGINS, distant as a faded memory on an old Victrola:
dialog: Once I built a railroad, made it run... Made it race against
dialog: time...Once I built a railroad, now it's done...Brother, can
dialog: you spare a dime...
dialog: Opening credit sequence
dialog: plays against footage of the Great Depression, images
text: haunting and sepia-toned, defining an era. The bread
dialog: lines...the soup kitchens...the dust bowl refugees heading
text: west with their possessions on their backs and no hope in
text: their eyes...the strutting gangster royalty flaunting their
dialog: bootleg riches...an entire generation of lost youth riding
text: the rials...the U.S. army troops raining truncheon blows on
text: the half-starved and forgotten veterans of World War One as
dialog: "Hooverville" is set afire in the very shadow of the nation's
dialog: capitol...
dialog: All these faces, all these lives, in a world not really so
dialog: very long ago...
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD - DAY(SLOW MOTION)
text: ...where cattails sway in the sepia-toned heat. A small scrap
text: of fabric is snagged in the nettles, fluttering languidly...
text: COLOR BLEEDS SLOWLY IN as mosquitoes swarm and dragonflies
text: skitter, showing the fabric scrap to be pale yellow...
text: Suddenly, a MAN WITH A SHOTGUN comes crashing through the
text: cattails, wiping through frame and exiting...
text: ...then ANOTHER MAN...and ANOTHER...armed with rifles,
text: plowing through the brush, exiting frame...
text: ...and now comes KLAUS DETTERICK, a farmer one step above
text: shirt-tail poor, a double-barrel shotgun in the crook of his
text: arm. He pauses, horrified, seeing the scrap of cloth. He
text: pulls it loose, turns back, screaming something in anguish...
text: ...and still more men come crashing into view, flooding by us
text: with dreamlike, slow-motion grace. ONE MAN is leading a team
text: of DOGS, trying to untangle the leads. DEPUTY ROB McGEE is
dialog: shouting for everybody to stay together...
text: ...and under it all, we hear a sibilant, frightening whisper:
speaker_heading: WHISPERING VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: You love your sister? You make any
dialog: noise, know what happens?
dialog: And off that horrible voice, we
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GEORGIA PINES NURSING HOME - MORNING(PRESENT DAY)
text: A CLOCK RADIO spews the morning weather report, abruptly
text: pulling us into the present with a prediction of rain. PAUL
text: EDGECOMB, late 70's/early 80's, wakes to another day...
scene_heading: INT. PAUL'S ROOM - MORNING
text: Paul stands at his bathroom mirror, meticulously buttoning
text: his shirt. He picks up a hairbrush, starts tidying his hair...
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - MORNING
text: THE OLD AND INFIRM haunt these corridors like ghosts. A WOMAN
text: inches along on a walker. A MAN shuffles by with a rolling
text: I.V. stand. The floor is a limey, institutional green.
text: Paul comes into view, spry for his age, murmurs an occasional
dialog: greeting.
scene_heading: INT. BREAKFAST ROOM - MORNING
text: DOZENS OF RETIREES are having breakfast, sipping weak coffee
dialog: or tea. Some chat and gossip, other are content to keep their
text: own company, some just stare slackly into space.
text: Paul enters, sees ELAINE CONNELLY sitting with a few other
text: ladies, sipping tea. She's 80, refined and elegant, his best
text: friend here. She gives him a good-morning smile. He gives her
text: a rakish wink in return, which makes her smiles all the more.
text: Paul reaches past the people at the counter and sneaks two
text: pieces of cold leftover toast off a serving plate. He tosses
text: Elaine another look--catch ya later--and exits.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY PAST KITCHEN - MORNING
text: Paul slips to the back door unnoticed. Identical red plastic
text: rain ponchos line the wall on pegs. He helps himself to one
text: and eases outside, making good his escape.
scene_heading: EXT. NURSING HOME - ESTABLISHING - MORNING
text: Nestled in a valley of wooded hills, a drizzly mist rolling
text: over the treetops.
text: Paul appears f.g., coming up the ridge in his borrowed
text: poncho. He looks back at the valley below, inhales deeply--
text: this is a man who loves his walks.
text: He pulls a piece of toast from his pocket and starts to
text: nibble as he presses up on the ridge...
dialog: Low angle: nursing home and ridge beyond
text: ...and we see Paul from a distance, just a speck trudging up
text: toward the treeline. A PICKUP TRUCK rumbles into frame and
text: parks, a bumper sticker looming large: "I Have Seen God and
dialog: His Name Is Newt Gingrich".
text: BRAD DOLAN gets out, an orderly in his late 20's/early 30's,
text: arriving for work in jeans and cheesy plaid shirt. He gazes
text: up toward the ridge, scowling and muttering softly:
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Old fuck.
text: He slams the door and heads for the nursing home...
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - MORNING
text: ...as CAMERA BOOMS DOWN through the trees to find Paul
text: wandering a wooded path, munching a tidbit of toast, looking
text: for all the world like Red Riding Hood in his plastic poncho.
text: It's silent here, like a church. The only sounds we hear are
text: the twittering of the birds and the hammering of the
dialog: woodpecker.
text: A RUSTLING SOUND makes Paul freeze. He turns, becomes
dialog: transfixed. Softly:
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Oh, my...
dialog: Reverse angle
text: reveals a magnificent BUCK, not twenty feet away, misty
text: breath punching the cold morning air. They watch each other
text: for an endless moment, both standing stock still...
text: ...and then the animal bounds away, vanishing into the
text: foliage. Paul lets out a breath, shakes his head in wonder.
text: He takes another bite of toast, moves on...
text: ...and WE PAN WITH HIM to reveal a pair of old wooden storage
text: shacks along the path up ahead.
scene_heading: INT. SHACK - MORNING
text: Dark in here, cobwebby and decrepit. We see Paul approaching
text: outside the grimy window. He steps up to the glass and shades
text: his eyes, peering curiously in as we
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. NURSING HOME - DAY
text: Paul approaches the back door, returning from his walk. He
text: reaches for the knob...and a figure in white lunges from
text: behind the dumpster to grab his wrist. He whirls, gasping in
text: fright--it's Brad Dolan, wearing his orderly's uniform.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Out for a little stroll, Paulie?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Let go...
text: Paul tries to pull away, but Dolan's got him tight.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: What's with this poncho you got
dialog: on, huh? This isn't yours.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I got it off the wall there.
text: There's a whole row of them.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: But not for you, Paulie, that's
dialog: the thing. Those are for the staff.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I just borrowed it. Don't see what
dialog: harm it does.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: It's not about harm, it's about
dialog: rules. You probably don't think an
dialog: old fart like you has to mind
dialog: rules anymore, but that's just not
dialog: true.
text: Brad's eyes keep shifting--he obviously doesn't mind abusing
text: the elderly as long as he doesn't get caught doing it.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I'm sorry if I broke the rules.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: You got no business up in those
dialog: woods anyway, especially in the
dialog: rain. What if you fall and bust a
dialog: hip, huh? Who you think's gonna
dialog: have to hoss your sorry old bacon
dialog: back down here? Me, that's who.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You're hurting me!
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: What do you do up there, anyway?
dialog: You're too old to go jerk off, so
dialog: what do you do?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Nothing. I just walk, that's all,
dialog: I like to walk!
text: Brad lashes out and grabs Paul's other hand, which he's been
text: holding tightly clenched shut.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Come on. Open up. Let Poppa see.
text: Paul uncurls his fingers, revealing the crushed remnants of
text: a bit of toast, his palm slick with a greasy oleo smear.
speaker_heading: ELAINE (O.S.)
dialog: Paul?
text: They turn. Elaine stands just inside the screen door with a
text: cup of tea. Brad's eyes become calculated, wondering how much
text: she's seen. Elaine keeps her tone level, betraying nothing:
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: I saw you coming back, thought
dialog: you'd like some tea.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Are you coming in?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Mr. Dolan and I were...chatting.
dialog: About the weather. I think we're
dialog: through now.
text: Brad lets Paul loose, leans close:
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Paulie? You tell anyone I squeezed
dialog: your po' ol' hand, I'll tell 'em
dialog: you're having senile delusions.
dialog: Who you think they'll believe?
text: Brad walks off. Paul turns, watches him go. The screen door
text: opens and Elaine steps out, her face pale. Paul gives her a
dialog: strained, though grateful, smile as we
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. TV ROOM - DAY
text: Jerry Springer's on the tube, whipping his studio audience
text: into a frenzy. PAN OFF TO REVEAL DOZENS OF OLD FOLKS watching
text: on couches and folding chairs. An old black fellow named PETE
text: is grousing to a GROUP OF ELDERLY LADIES...
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Why we always watch this crap?
speaker_heading: ELDERLY LADY #1
dialog: It's interesting.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Interesting? Bunch'a inbred
dialog: trailer trash, all they ever talk
dialog: about is fucking...
text: ...and WE CONTINUE PANNING to Paul and Elaine sitting near
text: the back, talking quietly as Paul rubs his bruised hand:
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: We should report him.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: That might just provoke him all
dialog: the more, make things worse for
dialog: everybody.
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: It's not everybody he has it in
dialog: for, Paul. It's you.
dialog: (off his look)
dialog: What did you do to provoke him in
dialog: the first place? Nothing. He's
dialog: just an abusive bully, and should
dialog: be made to stop.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Ellie, please...
dialog: Pete
text: is at the TV, switching channels while:
speaker_heading: ELDERLY LADIES
dialog: ...no, the Movie Classic channel
dialog: is further down...past the Home
dialog: Shopping...keep going...
text: He finds the Movie Classic channel, which is playing an old
dialog: black and white musical--"Top Hat," with Fred Astaire and
dialog: Ginger Rogers. A delighted reaction:
speaker_heading: ELDERLY LADY #2
dialog: Oh! This is wonderful...
dialog: Paul
text: idly shifts his gaze to the TV...and his expression goes
text: slack with recognition and dismay. Elaine sees the look in
dialog: his eyes.
text: He glances away...even briefly considers walking out...but in
text: the end, he can't help himself. The past just caught up with
text: him with a freight-train wallop, and, for one, he decides to
dialog: ride the rails...
text: He looks back at the TV. On screen, Fred and Ginger have
dialog: begun their famous "Cheek to Cheek" number, with Astaire
dialog: singing in that sublime, easy-go-lucky way of his:
speaker_heading: FRED ASTAIRE
dialog: Heaven, I'm in heaven...and my
dialog: heart beat so that I can hardly
dialog: speak...
text: SLOW PUSH IN on Paul, watching. He'd like to take his eyes
text: off the screen, but the movie has him in a grip tighter than
text: Brad Dolan's. Elaine is watching him with puzzled concern:
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: Paul? What is it?
text: No response. All he can hear is that music, all he can see
text: are those dancers. The figures on TV are gliding with
text: ghostlike grace in their silvery, phosphor-dot world of long
dialog: ago...
text: Paul abruptly bursts into tears.
text: The room goes quiet, everything comes to a standstill. All
text: eyes turn, some concerned, others merely curious. Paul just
text: sits sobbing into his hands, shoulders heaving.
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: Paul...my God...
speaker_heading: ORDERLY
dialog: (rushing over)
dialog: What is it? What's wrong?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: It's okay...I'll be okay...
text: Another orderly appears--Brad Dolan. He puts his hand on
text: Paul's shoulder and leans close, feigning concern.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: S'matter, Paulie? Why the boo-hoo-
dialog: hoo? Something nasty happen?
text: Elaine shoves his hand away, eyes flashing with anger.
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: Mr. Edgecomb will be perfectly
dialog: fine without your help, thank you.
text: Brad back off with a "hey, suit yourself" gesture. Elaine
text: helps Paul to his feet and leads him out.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SUN ROOM - DAY
text: Paul is staring out the windows, pensive and drained. It's
text: raining now, pattering the glass and the lawn beyond. Elaine
text: waits across from him, wishing he would speak. Softly:
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I guess sometimes the past just
dialog: catches up with you, whether you
dialog: want it to or not. It's silly.
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: Was it the film?
dialog: (off his look)
dialog: It was, wasn't it?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I haven't spoken of these things
dialog: in a long time, Ellie. Over sixty
dialog: years.
text: She reaches out, gently takes his hand.
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: Paul. I'm your friend.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Yes. Yes you are.
text: Paul wonders if he's even up to talking about it after all
dialog: this time...and decides that perhaps he is:
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I ever tell you I was a prison
dialog: guard during the depression?
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: You've mentioned it.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Did I mention I was in charge of
dialog: death row? That I supervised all
dialog: the executions?
text: This does come as a surprise. She shakes her head.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: They usually call death row the
dialog: Last Mile, but we called ours the
dialog: Green Mile, because the floor was
dialog: the color of faded limes. We had
dialog: the electric chair then. Old
dialog: Sparky, we called it.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I've lived a lot of years, Ellie,
dialog: but 1935 takes the prize. That was
dialog: the year I had the worst urinary
dialog: infection of my life. That was
dialog: also the year of John Coffey, and
dialog: the two dead girls...
speaker_heading: FADE TO BLACK
text: In blackness, a title card appears:
dialog: "The Two Dead Girls"
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. GEORGIA COUNTRYSIDE - DAY (1935)
text: HUNDREDS OF PRISONERS work the fields, pickaxes rising and
text: falling in waves, a prison song being sung in cadence with
text: the work. GUARDS patrol on horseback, rifles aimed at the sky.
text: A late 20's Ford PRISON TRUCK comes chugging into view along
text: the road, kicking up a long trail of dust in the heat. It
text: seems to be riding unusually low on its rear suspension.
scene_heading: EXT. COLD MOUNTAIN PENITENTIARY - ESTABLISHING - DAY
text: A Depression-era prison in the south. The prison truck sways
text: down the rutted dirt road toward the main gate...
scene_heading: INT. E BLOCK TOILET - DAY
text: ...while Paul Edgecomb, early 40's, stands in a cramped
text: toilet in his guard's uniform, trying to piss. His face is
text: pained, his forehead beaded with sweat.
scene_heading: INT. E BLOCK (THE GREEN MILE) - DAY
dialog: BRUTUS HOWELL(nicknamed "Brutal" for his intimidating size,
dialog: but he's actually rather thoughtful by nature) stands at the
text: entry door of the cellblock, peering out through a viewing
text: slot. He sees the prison truck arrive at the main gate.
text: He turns and nods to fellow guard DEAN STANTON sitting at the
text: duty desk, then cross the Green Mile--a wide corridor of
text: faded green linoleum running some sixty paces top to bottom,
text: with four large cells to a side.
text: Brutal steps to the bathroom, listen a moment, knocks softly.
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: Paul? Prisoner.
speaker_heading: PAUL (O.S.)
dialog: Christ. Gimme a minute.
text: Brutal waits patiently, a bit embarrassed. He finally hears
text: a THIN TRICKLE, accompanied by a stifled groan of pain.
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: You all right in there?
speaker_heading: PAUL (O.S.)
dialog: For a man pissing razor blades.
text: The door opens, revealing Paul's pale and sweaty face.
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: You should'a took the day off,
dialog: gone to see the doctor.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: With a new arrival? You know
dialog: better. Besides, it's not as bad
dialog: as it was. I think it's clearing
dialog: up.
text: They hear the truck HONKING as it rumbles up outside. Paul
text: gives them a nod to resume their positions. Paul walks down
text: the Mile, passing the cells where two inmates reside--the
dialog: first is ARLEN BITTERBUCK, a Washita Cherokee; the second is
speaker_heading: EDUARD DELACROIX("DEL"), a skinny Cajun.
speaker_heading: DEL
dialog: New boy coming in, boss?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Never you mind, Del, you just keep
dialog: your nose quietly on your business.
text: Paul arrives at the end of the Mile, takes up a position at
text: an empty cell. (Down at this end, past the cells, is E
text: Block's version of the "hole" -- a padded room where violent
dialog: inmates are sent to cool off. It isn't used very often...in
dialog: fact, at the moment, it's doubling as storage space.)
dialog: Brutal
text: peers out the viewing slot as the truck stops outside.
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: Damn, they're riding on the axle.
dialog: What'd they do, bust the springs?
text: GUARDS PERCY WETMORE AND HARRY TERWILLIGER OF E BLOCK emerge
text: from the back of the truck and step down, turn back...
dialog: Tighter angle on back of truck
dialog: We get our first glimpse of the new inmate as a pair of
text: GIGANTIC BLACK FEET step down into the yard...and the rear of
text: the truck bounces back up on its springs where it belongs.
dialog: Brutal
text: sees what's coming, eyes widening slightly.
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: Paul? You might wanna reconsider
dialog: getting in the cell with this guy?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Why's that?
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: He's enormous.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Can't be bigger than you.
text: Brutal tosses him a look--just wait. He swings the door open
dialog: in a hot flood of daylight, giving us our first good look at:
dialog: John coffey
text: is a huge black man, nearly 7 feet tall and 300 pounds, his
text: massive head shiny and bald, his skin a tapestry of old
dialog: scars, his prison overalls (the biggest size they had) ending
text: at mid-calf. He looks dull and confused, as if wondering
text: where he is and how he got there. Percy and Harry lead him
text: toward E Block in shackles. Percy's got his hickory baton out
text: of it custom-made holster, hollering:
speaker_heading: PERCY
dialog: Dead man walking! Dead man walking
dialog: here!
dialog: Inside the cellblock
text: Paul can't see them approach from where he stands, but he can
dialog: certainly hear Percy:
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Jeezus, pleeze-us, what the hell's
dialog: he yelling about?
text: Up by the door, Brutal just rolls his eyes. Percy is the
text: first one through the door, still hollering...
speaker_heading: PERCY
dialog: Dead man walking!
text: ...then Coffey enters, ducking low to get through, his shadow
text: blotting out Brutal and Dean as his massive frame fills the
text: door. Everything hangs suspended for a moment, a look of
text: "hold shit" written on everybody's faces. Percy keeps yanking
text: on the big man's cuffs, leading him along with a cry of:
speaker_heading: PERCY
dialog: Dead man walking! Dead man--
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Percy, that's enough.
text: Percy falls reproachfully silent. Paul doesn't dignify it,
text: just motions for them to come on. The procession comes down
text: the Mile, with Brutal and Dean bringing up rear.
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: You sure you wanna be in there
dialog: with him?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (looks to Coffey)
dialog: Am I gonna have trouble with you,
dialog: big boy?
text: Coffey shakes his head slowly. Paul takes the clipboard
text: transfer papers from Harry, turns and enters the cell.
text: Coffey just stands outside the cell and waits, as if he
text: doesn't understand the concept. Paul motions him to come on
text: in. Coffey starts to comply, but Percy raps him smartly with
text: the tip of his hickory baton to get him moving faster.
text: Coffey flinches, enters the cell. Paul stares angrily at
text: Percy, who stands slapping his hickory baton against the palm
text: of his hand like a man with a toy he's itching to use.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Percy. They're moving house over
dialog: in the infirmary. Why don't you go
dialog: see if they could use some help?
speaker_heading: PERCY
dialog: They got all the men they need.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Why don't you just go make sure?
dialog: (off his look)
dialog: I don't care where you go, Percy,
dialog: as long as it's not here at this
dialog: very moment.
text: Percy flushes red, the baton hovering near his palm. He looks
text: like he's about to say something, but thinks better of it and
text: stalks angrily up the Mile instead...
text: ...and sees Del at his bars, smiling. Infuriated, Percy
text: swings his baton and smashes Del's fingers with a LOUD CRACK.
text: Del jerks back, howling in pain:
speaker_heading: DEL
dialog: OWW, GOD, HE BUS' MY FINGERS!
speaker_heading: PERCY
dialog: Wiped that grin off your shitpoke
dialog: face, didn't I
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Goddamn it, Percy! Get the hell
dialog: off my block!
dialog: Percy throws Paul a look of disdain--your block, huh? He
text: swaggers out. Del's on his knees, weeping from the pain:
speaker_heading: DEL
dialog: Oww, damn, boss, he done bus' my
dialog: fingers for true...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: We'll get it looked at, Del, now
dialog: keep yourself quiet like I said!
text: Del falls silent, moaning over his hand. Paul turns to
text: Coffey, who looks unsettled by all the commotion.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: If I let Harry take those chains
dialog: off you, you gonna be nice?
text: Coffey nods. Harry enters to remove Coffey's shackles.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Your name is John Coffey.
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: (deep and quiet)
dialog: Yes, sir, boss, like the drink,
dialog: only not spelt the same.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: So you can spell, can you?
text: Coffey shakes his head. Harry steps out.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: My name is Paul Edgecomb. If I'm
dialog: not here, you can ask for Mr.
dialog: Terwilliger, Mr. Howell, or Mr.
dialog: Stanton...those gentlemen there.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: This isn't like the rest of the
dialog: prison. It's a quiet place, we
dialog: like to keep it that way.
text: Coffey considers this carefully, puzzled.
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: It weren't me making all the
dialog: noise, boss.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (eyes narrowing)
dialog: You having a joke on me, John
dialog: Coffey?
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: No, sir.
text: Paul sees he isn't joking, continues:
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Your time here can be easy or
dialog: hard, depends on you. If you
dialog: behave, you get to walk in the
dialog: exercise yard every day.
dialog: We might even play some music on
dialog: the radio from time to time.
dialog: Questions?
text: Coffey doesn't miss a beat, as if he's been waiting to ask:
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: Do you leave a light on after
dialog: bedtime?
text: Paul blinks. It's the last thing he expected. Coffey smiles
text: uneasily, as if they might think him foolish for asking.
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: Because I get a little scared in
dialog: the dark sometimes. If it's a
dialog: strange place.
text: Paul looks to his men. The guards are trading glances.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: It's pretty bright in here all
dialog: night long. We keep half the
text: lights burning in the corridor.
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: Cor'der.
text: Coffey looks confused. Paul points to the lights lining the
text: ceiling of the Green Mile in wire mesh cages.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Right out there.
text: Coffey nods, relieved. Then he surprises everybody by
text: offering Paul his hand, as if to show proper manners. Paul
text: hesitates, oddly touched, then surprised his men even more by
text: accepting. Coffey's hand swallows his. Coffey shakes gently,
dialog: lets go.
text: Paul steps from the cell. Brutal slides the door shut, locks
text: it. Coffey stands a moment as if unsure what to do, then
text: sinks onto the cot with his hands clasped between his knees.
text: He looks up at Paul, his voice soft as a whisper:
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: Couldn't help it, boss. I tried to
dialog: take it back, but it was too late.
text: Paul turns, leads his men up the Mile...
speaker_heading: PAUL'S INNER OFFICE
text: ...and they enter a few moments later. Paul is furious, but
dialog: keeping a lid on his temper:
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Dean, run Delacroix up to the
dialog: infirmary and see if his fingers
dialog: are broken.
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: Course they're broken, I heard the
dialog: damn bones crack. Goddamn Percy.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: You hear what he was yelling when
dialog: we brought the big dummy in?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: How could I miss it, Harry? The
dialog: whole prison heard.
text: This makes Brutal snort, breaking the tension--the others
dialog: can't help smiling.
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: You'll probably have to answer for
dialog: sending him off the Mile. He's
dialog: gonna cause you trouble over this,
dialog: you mark me.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I'll chew that food when I have
dialog: to. Right now I wanna hear about
dialog: the new inmate...aside from how
dialog: big he is, okay?
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Monstrous big. Damn.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Seems meek enough. Looks like they
dialog: sent us an imbecile to execute.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Imbecile or not, he deserves to
dialog: fry for what he done. Here...
text: Harry tosses a pair of manila envelopes bound with rubber
text: bands on the desk before Paul--Coffey's file.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: ...make your blood curdle.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. E BLOCK PRISON YARD - DAY
text: A small are reserved for inmates of the Mile, fenced-off from
text: the main prison yard. Arlen Bitterbuck walks the perimeter
text: under the watchful eyes of guard BILL DODGE.
text: We find Paul sitting by himself on the bleachers with
text: Coffey's file on his knees, thoughtfully unwrapping his brown-
text: bagged sandwich. PUSH SLOWLY IN as he begins to read...
scene_heading: EXT. DETTERICK FARM - DAWN (FLASHBACK)
text: ...and we see Klaus Detterick walk from his house to the barn
text: with a milking pail, a solitary figure against a brightening
text: horizon. He disappears into the barn...
text: ...and we hold for a long moment, the house silent
text: b.g.,chickens clucking and scratching in the front yard...
text: ...until a WOMAN'S SCREAM shatters the silence. Klaus
text: reappears, dropping the pail, running toward the house...
speaker_heading: PAUL ON BLEACHERS
text: ...as Paul turns the page, keeps reading...
scene_heading: INT. DETTERICK HOUSE - DAWN (FLASHBACK)
text: ...and Klaus bursts in to find his wife MARJORIE absolutely
dialog: frantic with terror:
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: WHAT? GOD SAKES, WHAT?
speaker_heading: MARJORIE
dialog: THE GIRLS! THE GIRLS ARE GONE!
text: She drags him through the house to a screened-off porch area
text: where their 12 year old son HOWIE is pointing and shouting--
speaker_heading: HOWIE
dialog: Papa! Papa, look! The blood!
text: --and Klaus freezes there, stunned to see blood spattered on
text: the floor and the screen door hanging off its hinges...
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: Oh my God.
speaker_heading: PAUL ON BLEACHERS
text: ...as Paul absently takes another bite of his sandwich, not
dialog: really tasting it, keeps reading...
scene_heading: INT. DETTERICK HOUSE - DAWN (FLASHBACK)
text: ...plunging us back into the screaming chaos: Klaus grabbing
dialog: up shotgun shells, Howie loading the .22 rifle he got for
text: Christmas, Marjorie sobbing incoherently...
speaker_heading: KLAUS
scene_heading: GODDAMN IT, WOMAN, GET ON THE
dialog: PHONE NOW! YOU TELL 'EM WE HEADED
dialog: WEST! MIND WHAT I'M SAYING! WEST,
speaker_heading: Y'HEAR?
text: ...and she goes stumbling through the house, grabbing for the
text: phone as her men disappear toward the porch b.g.:
speaker_heading: MARJORIE
dialog: Central! Central, are you on the
dialog: line? Oh, God, please, somebody
dialog: took my little girls...
speaker_heading: OUTSIDE THE HOUSE
text: Klaus and his son race from the house, following spatters of
text: blood across the yard...
scene_heading: PAUL ON THE BLEACHERS
text: ...as Paul lets out a long breath, turns the page...
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY ROAD/FIELD - DAY (FLASHBACK)
text: ---and we see CARS AND TRUCKS pulling up, MEN jumping out
text: with rifles, pouring down the incline toward the field where
text: Klaus is hollering and waving his arms. Deputy McGee comes
text: sliding down from the road, taking charge at the top of his
dialog: lungs--
speaker_heading: McGEE
dialog: I WANT ALL THE WEAPONS UNLOADED,
dialog: Y'HEAR? TAKE OUT YOUR SHELLS, I
dialog: WON'T HAVE A MAN SHOT BY ACCIDENT
dialog: TODAY! BOBO, WHERE THEM DOGS?
text: --and the dogs come bounding out of the back of a truck,
text: howling down the incline to lead the chase...
speaker_heading: VARIOUS ANGLES
dialog: ...which takes us through the cattails and bulrushes...to the
text: spot where Klaus finds the little scrap of pale yellow
text: fabric, turns and screams...
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: Oh, Lord, this belongs to my
dialog: Katie...
text: ...and they keep going, stopping abruptly as they find: A
text: blood-drenched area of tramped grass. A little girl's bloody
text: nightgown hangs in the low branches of a tree. Some of these
text: strong men look like they might throw up or faint at the
text: sight of it. Their blood freezes in their veins as an INHUMAN
text: HOWLING commences up ahead. It's like nothing they've ever
text: heard before, raising the hackles of men and dogs alike.
speaker_heading: PAUL ON BLEACHERS
text: ...as Paul quietly turns another page, shaking his head...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Jesus.
speaker_heading: EXT. FIELD - DAY (FLASHBACK)
text: The men reload their weapons. Everybody's terrified. McGee
text: starts off, the other following his lead toward--
speaker_heading: THE RIVER
text: --where they emerge from the treeline, drawing ever closer to
dialog: the source of that INHUMAN HOWLING...
text: ...and they stop, gazing in horror:
text: John Coffey sits on the riverbank in bloody overalls, his
text: huge feet splayed out before him. He's making that inhuman
text: howling sound, face twisted in monstrous grief, pausing
text: occasionally to take in a great hitching breath of air.
text: Curled in his massive arms are the naked bodies of
text: Detterick's 9 year-old twin girls, their once-blonde hair now
text: matted to their heads with blood.
text: A tableau. The men staring. John Coffey howling. A train
text: puffing smoke across the landscape.
text: Klaus Detterick breaks the moment, lunging down the riverbank
text: in a headlong rush. The others try to grab him, but he shrugs
text: them off and throws himself on Coffey with a scream of
text: inarticulate rage, kicking and punching, fists flying. Coffey
text: barely seems to notice.
text: The others catch up with Klaus, drag him off. He falls to his
text: knees on the riverbank, sobbing into his hands. Howie runs to
text: him, throws himself into his father's arm. They hug each
text: other tightly, overwhelmed with grief.
text: A semblance of quiet descends, except for Coffey's
text: heartbroken wailing. A ring of rifle toting men forms around
text: him, though he hardly seems aware of it. McGee steps forward,
dialog: uncertain:
speaker_heading: McGEE
dialog: Mister.
text: Coffey goes quiet at once, eyes still streaming tears.
speaker_heading: McGEE
dialog: Mister? Can you hear me?
dialog: (Coffey nods)
dialog: You have a name?
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: John Coffey. Like the drink, only
dialog: not spelt the same.
text: McGee hunkers carefully down, watching for any sudden moves.
speaker_heading: McGEE
dialog: What happened here, John Coffey?
dialog: You want to tell me that?
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: I couldn't help it. I tried to
dialog: take it back, but it was too late.
speaker_heading: McGEE
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Boy, you are under arrest for
dialog: murder.
text: McGee spits in Coffey's face...
speaker_heading: PAUL ON BLEACHERS
text: ...as Paul looks up with a slight start, jarred from his
text: reading to find WARDEN HAL MOORES standing before him.
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: I interrupt?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I'm just about done.
text: Paul stows the file as Hal settles onto the bleachers.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: How's that pretty gal of yours?
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: Melinda's not so well, Paul. Not
dialog: so well at all. Got laid up with
dialog: another headache yesterday. Worst
dialog: one yet. She's also developed this
text: weakness in her right hand.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Doctor still think it's migraines?
text: Hal gives a slight shake of his head.
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: I'll be taking her up to Indianola
dialog: next day or so for some tests. Had
dialog: X-rays and the like. She is scared
dialog: to death. Truth to tell, so am I.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: If it's something they can see
dialog: with an X-ray, maybe it's
dialog: something they can fix.
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: Maybe.
text: He pulls a letter, hands it to Paul.
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: This just came in. D.O.E. on
dialog: Bitterbuck.
text: Paul glances toward Bitterbuck, scans the letter, nods.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You didn't come all the way down
dialog: here just to hand me a D.O.E.
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: No. I had an angry call from the
dialog: state capital about twenty minutes
dialog: ago. Is it true you ordered Percy
text: Wetmore off the block.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: It is.
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: I'm sure you had reason, but like
dialog: it or not, the wife of the
dialog: governor of this state has only
dialog: one nephew, and his name happens
dialog: to be Percy Wetmore. I need to
dialog: tell you how this lays out?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Little Percy called his aunt and
text: squealed like a schoolroom sissy.
dialog: (Hal nods)
dialog: He also mention he assaulted a
dialog: prisoner this morning out of sheer
dialog: petulance? Broke three fingers on
text: Eduard Delacroix's left hand.
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: I didn't hear that part. I'm sure
dialog: she didn't either.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: The man is mean, careless, and
dialog: stupid. Bad combination in a place
dialog: like this. Sooner or later, he's
dialog: gonna get somebody hurt. Or worse.
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: You and Brutus Howell will make
dialog: sure that doesn't happen.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Easy enough to say. We can't watch
dialog: him every minute, Hal.
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: Stick with it. May not be much
dialog: longer. I have it on good
dialog: authority that Percy has an
dialog: application in at Briar Ridge.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: The mental hospital?
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: (nods)
dialog: Administration job. Better pay.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Then why's he still here? He could
dialog: get that application pushed
dialog: through...hell, with his
dialog: connections, he could have any
dialog: state job he wants.
text: Hal has no answer. Paul look off toward Bitterbuck.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Tell you what I think. I think he
dialog: just wants to see one cook up
dialog: close.
text: Hal follows Paul's gaze, takes his meaning.
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: Well, he'll get his chance then,
dialog: won't he? Maybe then he'll be
dialog: satisfied and move on. In the
dialog: meantime, you'll keep the peace.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Of course.
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: Thank you, Paul.
text: Hal rises, slapping yard dust off his trousers.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You give Melinda my love, okay? I
dialog: bet that X-ray turns out to be
dialog: nothing at all.
text: Hal walks off looking like he's got the weight of the world
text: on his shoulders. Paul looks at the letter again...
speaker_heading: TIGHT ON LETTER
dialog: ...which is head: Date Of Execution."
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. PAUL'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Paul is at the kitchen table in the wee hours of the morning,
text: drinking buttermilk and listening to SOFT MUSIC on the radio.
text: JANICE EDGECOMB appears, shuffling sleepily downstairs.
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: Paul?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Hey, you. Music too loud?
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: No. There's just this big empty
dialog: spot in the bed where my husband
dialog: usually sleeps.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: He said to tell you he's having a
dialog: little trouble with that tonight.
text: She comes into the kitchen, strokes his hair. There's an easy
dialog: familiarity and a deep love between these two.
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: Worried about Melinda and Hal? Is
dialog: that what's got you up?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Yeah, that. Things.
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: Things.
text: She sits on his lap and gives him a crooked smile--you're not
dialog: getting off that easily.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Got a new inmate today. Big,
dialog: simple-minded fella.
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: Do I want to hear what he did?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: No. One sleepless member of this
dialog: family's enough.
dialog: (softly)
dialog: The things that happen in this
dialog: world. It's a wonder God allows it.
text: She gives him a tiny kiss above his left eyebrow, in that
text: special spot that makes him prickle.
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: Why don't you come to bed? I've
dialog: got something to help you sleep,
dialog: and you can have all you want.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Don't I wish. I've still got
dialog: something wrong with my
dialog: waterworks, I don't want to pass
dialog: it on.
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: You see Doc Sadler yet?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: No, because he'll want me to take
dialog: sulfa tablets and I'll spend the
dialog: rest of the week puking in every
dialog: corner of my office. It'll run its
dialog: course all by itself, thank you
dialog: very much for your concern.
text: She kisses that spot above his eyebrow again. He smiles.
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: Poor old guy...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: IN TIGHT ANGLES: Copper plugs are cleaned, switches are
dialog: oiled, circuits are tested...
scene_heading: INT. EXECUTION CHAMBER - NIGHT
dialog: ...as maintenance is performed on Old Sparky by JACK VAN HAY
text: and a small crew. Paul is carefully sanding a connector plug.
text: Dean is waxing Old Sparky's wooden arms to a gleam.
text: Paul and Dean pause, thinking they hear a LAUGH drifting in
text: from E Block...and then Brutal calls softly to them:
speaker_heading: BRUTAL (O.S.)
dialog: Paul? Dean?
scene_heading: INT. E BLOCK - NIGHT
text: Paul and Dean enter to find Brutal trying not to wake the
text: cons in their cells by laughing too loudly. They follows his
text: gaze down the Mile, see nothing, turn to him like he's crazy.
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: I guess the legislature loosened
dialog: those purse-strings enough to hire
dialog: on a new guard.
dialog: (off their looks)
dialog: Look again. He's right there.
text: Paul and Dean look again and this time they see it:
text: A tiny brown mouse is coming up the Mile. It trots a short
text: distance, peers right and left as if checking the snoring
text: inmates in their cells, then makes another forward spurt.
speaker_heading: PAUL
text: He's doing a cell check.
text: This gets them all trying not to laugh. The mouse draws ever
text: closer. Dean starts to look worried.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: It ain't normal for a mouse to
dialog: come up on people that way. Maybe
dialog: it's rabid.
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: Oh, my Christ. The big mouse
dialog: expert. The Mouse Man. You see it
dialog: foaming at the mouth, Mouse Man?
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: (dubious)
dialog: I don't see its mouth at all.
text: That does it--Paul and Brutal burst out laughing. The mouse
text: stops before them and peers up, curling its tail primly
text: around its paws as if to wait. The guards fall silent,
text: fascinated. Bitterbuck stirs in his cell, sits up to watch.
text: Brutal tears off a piece of his half-eaten corned beef
text: sandwich, holds it delicately out with two fingers. The mouse
text: rises up, appraising the morsel with shiny black eyes.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Aw, Brutal, no! We'll be hip-deep
dialog: in mice around here...
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: (to Paul)
dialog: I just wanna see what he'll do. In
dialog: the interests of science, like.
text: Paul shrugs. Brutal drops the scrap. The mouse grabs it and
text: eats, sitting up like a dog doing a trick.
text: The mouse turns and scurries back down the Mile, vanishing
text: under the restraint room door at the far end. Dean throws
dialog: Paul an "I told you so" look.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: He's in the damn restraint room.
dialog: You know he's gonna be chewing the
text: padding out of walls and making
dialog: himself a nice little nest.
text: Brutal give Paul a sheepish look--well? Paul sighs.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: All right. Let's get the damn
dialog: mouse.
text: They stride grimly down the Mile to the restraint room door,
text: men on a mission. Coffey's awake now, peering from his cot.
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: Saw me a mouse go by.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: It was a dream. Go back to sleep.
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: Weren't no dream. It was a mouse
dialog: all right.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Can't put anything over on you.
text: Paul unlocks the door, revealing a padded room filled with
dialog: storage: cleaning supplies, buckets of paint, mops and
dialog: ladders, you name it. Brutal shrugs off his jacket. Paul
text: grabs a mop from a steel bucket, hands it to Dean.
speaker_heading: PAUL
text: Dean, watch the door. He tries to
dialog: get past you, whack him.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Brutal or the mouse?
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: Har har, Mouse Man.
text: Brutal and Paul start doing the heavy lifting, muscling an
text: unused filing cabinet out the door...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
text: ...and they finally relay the last few heavy buckets of paint
text: onto the Mile. Paul and Brutal catch their breath, scanning
text: the empty restraint room. Their eyes go glaringly to Dean.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You let him get past you.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: No I didn't, I was here all the
dialog: time!
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: Then where the hell is he?
text: They move slowly into the room, peering into every nook and
text: cranny, utterly mystified. Brutal shakes his head.
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
text: Three grown men. Outsmarted by a
dialog: mouse.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Well, bright side is, all this
dialog: commotion probably scared him off
dialog: for good.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Yeah, that's right. That's the
dialog: last we'll see of him...
speaker_heading: FADE TO BLACK
text: IN BLACKNESS, A TITLE CARD APPEARS:
dialog: "The Mouse on the Mile"
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. E BLOCK - DAY
text: A low, static shot. Green floor stretching before us. Harry
text: and Bill Dodge are at the desk b.g., doing paperwork and
text: filing chores. Percy is idling nearby, whistling softly and
dialog: combing his hair...
text: ...and into this quiet shot, deep in foreground, creeps the
text: mouse. He starts walking the Mile as before...
dialog: ...right toward Percy.
speaker_heading: COFFEY
text: stares through his bars as the mouse goes by...
speaker_heading: PERCY
text: keeps combing his hair, unaware...
speaker_heading: DEL
text: sits quietly picking his nose in his cell. The mouse appears
text: outside the bars, cruising inexorably up the Mile. Del turns
text: slowly, watches the mouse go by...
speaker_heading: PERCY
text: still grooming himself, still unaware...
speaker_heading: THE MOUSE
text: keeps coming closer. ANGLE UP to Bitterbuck peering through
text: his bars, watching him go by...
speaker_heading: PERCY
text: keeps working that comb--and freezes at the sound of a TINY
text: SQUEAK. His head swivels slowly...
text: ...and there's the mouse. Staring at him.
text: That moment of eye contact reveals an enmity older than time
dialog: itself. If mice have a natural enemy, Percy is it.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You little son of a bitch.
text: Harry and Bill glance up from their work.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Well, I'll be damned. There he is,
dialog: big as Billy-be-frigged. I thought
dialog: Brutal was pulling my leg.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: That's a goddamn mouse.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Yeah. Brute said he was in here
dialog: last night begging for food, came
text: right up to the desk.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: My ass. Give him some room, Percy,
dialog: see what he does.
text: Percy takes a few careful steps back, eyes never leaving the
text: mouse. (Percy's hand starts easing toward the handle of his
text: baton.) The mouse comes up to the desk as before.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Brave little bastard, gotta give
dialog: him that.
text: Harry breaks off a small piece of cracker and drops it. The
text: mouse picks it up, starts to eat. (Percy's hand inches ever
text: closer to his baton).
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Here, lemme try.
text: Bill drops a piece of cracker. The mouse ignores it
text: completely, keeping its beady little eyes on Harry. (Percy's
text: hand starts easing his baton from its holster.)
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Maybe he's full.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (grins)
dialog: Maybe he knows you're just a
dialog: floater. Gotta be an E Block
dialog: regular to feed the E Block mouse,
dialog: don'cha know...
text: Harry drops another piece--and sure enough, the mouse starts
text: to eat. Harry's smile fades. He and Bill trade a look.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: I was just kidding ab--
text: Percy lets rip a BELLOWING WAR CRY ("Yaaaahhh!") and launches
text: his baton like a spear, scaring the crap out of everyone.
text: The mouse ducks (yes, actually ducks) and the baton sail over
text: his head close enough to ruffle its fur, bouncing off the
text: floor. Apparently remembering a pressing engagement
text: elsewhere, the mouse takes off in a flash toward the
dialog: restraint room.
text: Percy roars with frustration and takes off after it, trying
text: to squash it with his heavy work shoes, leaping and stomping
text: with great big galloping strides, missing the mouse by
dialog: inches...
text: ...and thus is the Green Mile traversed, with Percy stomping
text: and hollering like a spastic flamenco dancer, the convicts
text: yelling at their bars, the mouse zigging and zagging like Jim
text: Thorpe heading for the endzone...
text: The mouse wins, zipping to safety under the restraint room
text: door. Percy pounds his fist against the door in frustration:
speaker_heading: PERCY
speaker_heading: FUCK!
text: He fumbles with his keys, unlocks the door, yelling all the
dialog: while:
speaker_heading: PERCY
dialog: I'M GONNA RIP YOUR DISEASED HEAD
dialog: OFF, YOU LITTLE PIECE OF SHIT!
speaker_heading: OUTSIDE E BLOCK
text: Paul and Brutal are arriving for work--they pause, hearing
text: PERCY'S YELLS drifting from the windows. The regular CONS in
text: the yard are drifting curiously to the fence, wondering if a
text: riot's brewing. Paul and Brutal take off running--
speaker_heading: INSIDE E BLOCK
dialog: --and rush in to find:
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Percy met your mouse.
text: Harry points. Percy's down at the far end, rummaging wildly
text: in the restraint room, tossing shit out onto the Mile.
speaker_heading: PERCY
dialog: It's in here somewhere! I'm gonna
dialog: squish the little son of a bitch!
text: He starts muscling the filing cabinet out the door, kicking
text: buckets out of his way. Brutal calls out to him:
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: Percy, we already tried that--
speaker_heading: PERCY
dialog: What? Whad'ja say?
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: I said--
dialog: Paul stops Brutal with a look--don't you dare stop him.
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: --uh, knock yourself out. Hope you
dialog: nail the bastard.
text: Paul crosses his arms and smiles, leans back against the desk
dialog: to wait...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
text: ...and Percy hauls the last of the stuff out, exhausted. He
text: steps back in and looks around, unable to believe there's no
text: mouse cowering in the corner. Paul and the men approach,
text: keeping straight faces, navigating the crap in the corridor.
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: Gosh. Ain't in there, huh? Don't
dialog: that beat the mousie band?
text: Percy keeps scanning the restraint room. The others all look
dialog: to Paul, waiting for him to speak--you're the boss.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Percy. You want to think about
dialog: what you were doing just now.
speaker_heading: PERCY
dialog: (turns, glaring)
dialog: I know what I was doing. Trying to
dialog: get the mouse. You blind?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: You also scared the living crap
dialog: out of me and Bill. And them.
text: He cocks a thumb at the inmates in their cells.
speaker_heading: PERCY
dialog: So what? They aren't in cradle-
dialog: school, case you didn't notice...
dialog: (directed at Paul)
dialog: ...although you treat them that
dialog: way half the time.
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: We don't scare 'em any more than
dialog: we have to, Percy. They're under
dialog: enough strain as it is.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Men under strain can snap. Hurt
dialog: themselves. Hurt others. That's
dialog: why our job is talking, not
dialog: yelling. You'll do better to think
dialog: of this place like an intensive
dialog: care ward in a hospital--
speaker_heading: PERCY
dialog: I think of it as a bucket of piss
dialog: to drown rats in. That's all.
dialog: (scans their faces)
dialog: Anybody doesn't like it can kiss
dialog: my ass. How's that sit?
text: Brutal steps forward, wanting to slug the little bastard.
text: Percy shies back, but keeps his bravado up:
speaker_heading: PERCY
dialog: Try it. You'll be on the bread
dialog: lines before the week is out.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: We all know who your connections
dialog: are, Percy...
dialog: (steps close)
dialog: ...but you ever threaten a man on
dialog: this block again, we're all gonna
dialog: have a go. Job be damned.
speaker_heading: PERCY
dialog: Big talk. You done?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Get all this shit back in the
dialog: restraint room. You're cluttering
dialog: up my Mile.
text: They turn and walk away, leaving Percy as we
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. E BLOCK - NIGHT
text: A SLOW TRACKING SHOT OF THE GREEN FLOOR takes us past a tiny
text: scrap of break...and then another...and then past a mousetrap
text: primed with a scrap of bacon...
text: ...and we keep following a long trail of bread scraps and
dialog: mousetraps until we come to Percy, alone on the Mile,
text: carefully laying the last mousetrap down...
text: ...and he scoots back against the desk to wait, crouched and
text: holding his breath, eyes riveted to the restraint room door
dialog: for any sign of his furry nemesis...
text: ...and CAMERA BOOMS SLOWLY DOWN off his face, dipping down to
dialog: floor level...
text: ...where the mouse is revealed under the desk, peering in the
dialog: same direction as Percy, wondering what the hell's so
text: interesting down there. It hops further out to see...
scene_heading: ANGLE OF PERCY FROM FLOOR LEVEL
text: ...and the mouse enters frame, hopping out a few more steps,
text: mouse and man staring in the same direction.
text: A long beat. Percy turns, looks down at the mouse. The mouse
text: turns, looks up at Percy...
text: ...and all hell breaks loose again. They race the Mile as
text: before, Percy hollering and stomping all the way, mousetraps
text: snapping and flying up into frame as they go charging wildly
dialog: past the cells.
text: The mouse wins again. Percy pauses, furious...and sees Coffey
text: staring at him from his cell.
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: Saw me a mouse go by.
text: Percy loses it, kicking and punching the restraint room door
dialog: in a screaming rage as we
speaker_heading: FADE TO:
scene_heading: INT. E BLOCK - DAY
text: Paul appears at Bitterbuck's bars with a group of guards.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Arlen? Your daughter and her
dialog: family are here.
text: Bitterbuck steps from his cell. Bill Dodge escorts him off
dialog: the block. The moment they're gone:
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Let's move. I want at least two
text: rehearsals before he gets back.
scene_heading: INT. VISITOR'S ROOM - DAY
text: Bitterbuck is led in. His DAUGHTER rises...an awkward
text: hesitation...and she touches his face, kisses him. He takes
text: her hands, kisses them, tries not to cry. The rest of the
scene_heading: family is there: SON-IN-LAW, GRANDCHILDREN, COUSINS. They
text: form around him, murmuring hellos, shaking hands...
scene_heading: INT. E BLOCK - DAY
text: ...while TOOT-TOOT takes Bitterbuck's place in the cell. He's
text: a wiry and toothless old trusty, crazy as a tick. He sits:
speaker_heading: TOOT
dialog: Sittin' down, sittin' down,
dialog: rehearsing now! Everybody settle!
text: He glances to Paul--okay, hit it.
speaker_heading: PAUL
text: Arlen Bitterbuck, step forward.
text: Toot springs to his feet and steps from the cell.
speaker_heading: TOOT
dialog: I'm steppin' forward, I'm steppin'
dialog: forward, I'm steppin' forward...
text: Toot turns, shows the top of his head to Dean.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Is his head properly shaved?
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: No, it's dandruffy and it smells.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I'll take that for a yes. All
dialog: right, Arlen, let's go.
text: Toot starts up the corridor, ringed by guards.
speaker_heading: TOOT
dialog: I'm walkin' the Mile, I'm walkin'
dialog: the Mile, I'm walkin' the Mile...
speaker_heading: PAUL'S INNER OFFICE
text: Toot throws himself to his knees as soon as they enter:
speaker_heading: TOOT
dialog: I'm prayin', I'm prayin', I'm
dialog: prayin'. The Lord is my shepherd,
dialog: so on an' so forth...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Toot, you have to wait till I tell
dialog: you to pray.
dialog: (Toot waits)
dialog: Okay, pray.
speaker_heading: TOOT
dialog: Still prayin', still prayin'...
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Paul, we're not gonna have some
dialog: Cherokee medicine man in here
dialog: whoopin' and hollerin' and shaking
dialog: his dick, are we?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Well, actually--
speaker_heading: TOOT
dialog: Still prayin', prayin', gettin'
dialog: right with Jesus...
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Do it quietly, you old gink!
text: Harry slaps Toot upside the head to shut him up.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: As I was saying, I don't believe
dialog: they actually shake their dicks,
dialog: Harry. Be that as it may, Mr.
dialog: Bitterbuck is a Christian, so we
dialog: got Reverend Schuster coming in.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Oh, he's good. Fast, too. Doesn't
dialog: get 'em worked up.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: On your feet, Toot. You've prayed
dialog: enough for one day.
speaker_heading: TOOT
dialog: Gettin' to my feet, walkin' again,
dialog: walkin' on the Green Mile...
speaker_heading: EXECUTION CHAMBER
text: They enter. Brutal is waiting for them, gun drawn. Percy
text: peers out from behind the partition wall from the switch room.
speaker_heading: PERCY
dialog: What do I do?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Watch and learn.
text: Paul motions Percy behind the wall. Percy sighs, takes his
text: spot next to Jack Van Hay, peers through the wire mesh as
text: Toot plops into Old Sparky, wriggling his skinny ass to get
dialog: comfy.
speaker_heading: TOOT
dialog: Sittin' down, sittin' down, takin'
text: a seat in Old Sparky's lap...
text: Paul and Dean kneel to apply the ankle clamps. Brutal steps
text: in from the side, pressing down on the condemned man's left
text: arm to keep him in place until the ankle clamps are secure.
text: Harry moves in from the other side, securing the right arm
dialog: clamp.
speaker_heading: TOOT
dialog: Gettin' clamped, gettin' clamped,
dialog: gettin'--ow, shit, watch the skin!
text: Paul signals "ankles secure." Brutal holsters his pistol,
text: applies the final clamp to the left arm.
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: Roll on one.
speaker_heading: BEHIND THE PARTITION
text: Van Hay mimes turning the generator knob up, whispering:
speaker_heading: VAN HAY
dialog: "Roll on one" means I turn the
dialog: generator up full. You'll see the
text: lights go brighter in half the
dialog: prison...
speaker_heading: RESUME MAIN CHAMBER
text: as Brutal steps before the "condemned" and pronounces:
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: Arlen Bitterbuck, you have been
dialog: condemned to die by a jury of your
dialog: peers, sentence imposed by a judge
dialog: in good standing in this state.
dialog: Do you have anything to say before
dialog: the sentence is carried out?
speaker_heading: TOOT
dialog: (gleefully)
dialog: Yeah! I want a fried chicken
dialog: dinner with gravy on the taters,
dialog: I want to shit in your hat, and I
dialog: got to have Mae West sit on my
dialog: face, because I am one horny
dialog: motherfucker!
text: Brutal tries to hold on, but it's impossible--he cracks up.
text: Everybody falls apart, howling helplessly with laughter. Even
text: Jack Van Hay is guffawing behind his partition.
text: Only Paul is reining it in--he's a little too pissed to go
text: with it. He waits until the laughing fit starts to pass, then:
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Shut up, Brutal. That goes for
dialog: everybody. I want quiet in here.
dialog: (turns)
dialog: Toot, another remark like that,
dialog: I'll have Van Hay roll on two for
dialog: real.
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: (beat, gently)
dialog: It was pretty funny.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: That's why I don't like it.
dialog: Tomorrow night we're doing this
dialog: for real. I don't want somebody
dialog: remembering a stupid joke like
dialog: that and getting going again.
dialog: (off their looks)
dialog: Ever try not laughing in church
dialog: once something funny gets stuck in
dialog: your head. Same goddamn thing.
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: Sorry, Paul. You're right. Let's
dialog: keep going. Harry...
text: Harry takes a black mask and snugs it down over Toot's head,
text: leaving only the crown of his head exposed. Brutal takes a
text: large sponge, dips it in a steel bucket, mimes soaking it...
speaker_heading: BEHIND THE PARTITION
speaker_heading: PERCY
dialog: What's with the sponge?
speaker_heading: VAN HAY
dialog: You soak it in brine, get it good
dialog: and wet. Conducts the electricity
dialog: directly to the brain, fast like
dialog: a bullet. You don't ever want to
text: throw the switch on a man without
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: RESUME MAIN CHAMBER
text: as the sponge is placed atop Toot's head. Harry now lowers
text: the steel cap and Brutal secures the straps.
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: Arlen Bitterbuck, electricity
dialog: shall now be passed through your
dialog: body until you are dead, in
dialog: accordance with the state law. God
dialog: have mercy on your soul.
dialog: (to Van Hay)
dialog: Roll on two.
speaker_heading: BEHIND THE PARTITION
text: Van Hay mimes flipping the switch, looks to Percy:
speaker_heading: VAN HAY
dialog: And that's that.
speaker_heading: RESUME MAIN CHAMBER
text: Toot can't resist--he starts bucking and flailing:
speaker_heading: TOOT
dialog: Now I'm fryin'! Fryin'! Geeaaah!
dialog: Fryin' like a done tom turkey!
text: Paul rolls his eyes at Brutal. Brutal shifts his gaze past
dialog: him and nods--look behind you.
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: One of the witnesses showed up a
dialog: day early.
text: Paul turns. Sitting on the door sill, watching them with
text: beady eyes, is the mouse. Paul turns back, addresses the room:
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: All right, let's go again and do
dialog: it right this time! Get that idiot
dialog: out of the chair...
scene_heading: HIGH WIDE ANGLE OF EXECUTION CHAMBER
text: Brutal and Harry start undoing Toot's clamps. Everybody
text: relaxes, drifting from their positions...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: SAME ANGLE AS ABOVE - NEXT NIGHT
text: ...and the room is now quietly filling up with WITNESSES
text: trickling in. People speak in whispers, if at all.
scene_heading: INT. BITTERBUCK'S CELL - NIGHT
text: Bitterbuck, the top of his head now shaved, is speaking
text: quietly as Paul listens:
speaker_heading: BITTERBUCK
dialog: You think if a man sincerely
dialog: repents on what he done wrong, he
dialog: might get to go back to the time
dialog: that was happiest for him and live
dialog: there forever? Could that be what
dialog: heaven is like?
dialog: Paul doesn't think so--but that's not what Bitterbuck needs
dialog: to hear, so the lie comes easy:
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I just about believe that very
dialog: thing.
text: Pause. Bitterbuck smiles.
speaker_heading: BITTERBUCK
dialog: Had me a young wife when I was
dialog: eighteen. Spent our first summer
dialog: in the mountains. Made love every
dialog: night. She'd just lie there after,
text: bare-breasted in the firelight,
dialog: and we'd talk sometimes till the
dialog: sun come up.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: That was my best time.
text: Brutal appears at the door, checks his pocketwatch, nods to
text: Paul. Bitterbuck takes a deep breath, getting himself ready.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: It'll be fine. You'll do fine.
scene_heading: INT. EXECUTION CHAMBER - NIGHT
text: THE SPONGE is pulled sopping wet from the bucket of brine,
text: dripping a trail of water across the floor. Brutal places it
text: atop Bitterbuck's head. Water courses down the sides of the
text: condemned man's mask and neck, pooling on the floor.
text: The cap is lowered, the straps secured. All we hear now is
text: the sound of Bitterbuck's BREATHING growing louder and faster
text: under the mask...until, softly:
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: Roll on two.
text: WHAM! The switch is thrown. Bitterbuck surges forward against
text: the straps, riding the powerful current.
text: Some witnesses turn away. Paul and Brutal maintain grim eye
text: contact with each other, waiting.
text: Behind the partition, Percy watches through the mesh with
text: gleaming eyes, wishing he could see better.
text: Van Hay kills the current. Bitterbuck goes limp. A DOCTOR
text: steps forward, checks for a heartbeat, shakes his head.
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: Again.
text: The switch is thrown a second time. Bitterbuck surges forward
dialog: again, riding the current all the way...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. E BLOCK ACCESS TUNNEL - NIGHT
text: Bitterbuck's dead face stares up at us from a gurney. A hand
text: reaches down, gives his cheek a squeeze. TILT UP to:
speaker_heading: PERCY
dialog: Adios, Chief. Drop us a card from
dialog: hell, let us know if it's hot
dialog: enough.
text: Brutal knocks Percy's hand away, shoves him aside.
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: He's paid what he's owed. He's
dialog: square with the house again, so
dialog: keep your goddamn hands off him.
text: He draws the sheet over Bitterbuck's face, wheels the gurney
text: down the tunnel. Percy throws a look to Paul.
speaker_heading: PERCY
dialog: What's up his ass?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You, Percy. Always you.
text: Paul brushes past him, but:
speaker_heading: PERCY
dialog: You gotta hate the new boy? That
dialog: the way it is around here?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (turns back)
dialog: Why not just move on? Go to Briar
dialog: Ridge.
dialog: (off his look)
dialog: Yeah, I know about it. Sounds like
dialog: a good job.
speaker_heading: PERCY
dialog: I might take it, too. Soon as you
dialog: put me out front.
dialog: Paul cocks his head--excuse me?
speaker_heading: PERCY
dialog: You heard me. I want Brutal's spot
dialog: for the next execution.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What's with you? Seeing a man die
dialog: isn't enough? You gotta be close
dialog: enough to smell his nuts cook?
speaker_heading: PERCY
dialog: I wanna be out front, is all. Just
dialog: one time. Then you'll be rid of me.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: If I say no?
speaker_heading: PERCY
dialog: I might just stick around for
dialog: good, make me a career of this.
text: Paul just shakes his head in wonder and walks away.
speaker_heading: FADE TO:
scene_heading: INT. COFFEY'S CELL - DAY
text: Coffey's lying on his bunk, weeping quiet tears. He stirs at
text: the sound of GIGGLING. He sits up, peers curiously through
dialog: the bars. Softly:
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: Del?
speaker_heading: AT THE GUARD STATION
text: Paul glances up from writing in the daily log. Silence now.
text: He goes back to writing--and the GIGGLING comes again.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Delacroix? That you?
text: No answer. Just more giggling. Paul rises, walks down the
text: Mile to Delacroix's cell--and stops, staring in through the
dialog: bars.
speaker_heading: PAUL'S INNER OFFICE
text: Brutal and Dean are having lunch. Paul pokes his head in.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You are not gonna believe this.
speaker_heading: RESUME E BLOCK
text: The men follow Paul onto the Mile. By now, Del is CACKLING
text: WILDLY in his cell. Brutal shoots Paul a look--has he gone
dialog: insane? Paul gestures "see for yourself."
text: They arrive at the bars...and find the mouse sitting on Del's
text: shoulder. Del looks up, giggling like a kid at Christmas.
speaker_heading: DEL
dialog: Look! I done tame me dat mouse!
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: We see that.
speaker_heading: DEL
dialog: Watch dis! Watch what he do!
text: He stretches out his left arm. The mouse crawls over the top
text: of his head, scampers along his arm to the wrist, turns
text: around and scampers back. The guards just stand there,
dialog: staring.
speaker_heading: DEL
dialog: Ain't he sumpthin now? Ain't Mr.
dialog: Jingles smart?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Mr. Jingles?
speaker_heading: DEL
dialog: Dat his name. He whisper it in my
dialog: ear. Cap'n, can I have a box for
dialog: my mouse so he can sleep in here
dialog: wi' me?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I notice your English gets better
dialog: when you want something.
speaker_heading: DEL
dialog: Wanna see what else he can do?
dialog: Watch, watch, watch...
text: He puts the mouse on the floor, grabs a small wooden spool.
text: The mouse sees it, poises like a man getting ready for a race.
speaker_heading: DEL
dialog: We play fetch, Mr. Jingles? We
dialog: play fetch?
text: He tosses the spool across the floor, bounces it against the
text: wall. The mouse goes after it like a dog after a stick--and
text: proceeds to push it back to the bunk, rolling it with its
text: front paws all the way to Delacroix's feet.
text: By now, the guard's jaws are hanging open. Paul's got a funny
text: little chill running up his spine.
speaker_heading: DEL
dialog: He fetch it ever' time. Smart as
dialog: hell, ain't he? We do da trick
dialog: again, watch, watch, watch...
text: Again he throws the spool. Again the mouse goes after it,
text: starts rolling it back. Del howls with laughter, claps his
text: hands like a kid. Brutal murmurs to the others:
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: Who's training who here?
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: That's some smart mouse, Del. Like
dialog: he's a circus mouse or something.
speaker_heading: DEL
dialog: A circus mouse! Dat jus' what he
dialog: is, too! A circus mouse! I get
dialog: outta here, he make me rich, see
dialog: if he don't!
text: He picks up the spool again, makes a drumroll sound, tosses
text: it. The mouse does its thing, rolling the spool back...
text: ...as Percy enters the scene. Del catches sight of him and
text: scoops up his mouse, drawing fearfully back on his bunk. He
text: tries to hide Mr. Jingles in his hands--but the mouse
text: wriggles from his grasp and scampers up on top of his head,
text: where he regards Percy with mistrustful, beady mouse eyes.
speaker_heading: PERCY
dialog: Well, well. Looks like you found
dialog: yourself a new friend, Eddie.
text: Del tries to offer some defiance--but all he can manage is:
speaker_heading: DEL
dialog: Don' hurt him, 'kay? 'kay?
text: Percy shrugs as if to say "no skin off me", looks to Paul.
speaker_heading: PERCY
dialog: That the one I chased?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (level)
dialog: Yes, that's the one. Only Del says
dialog: his name is Mr. Jingles.
speaker_heading: PERCY
dialog: Is that so?
text: Paul trades a look with the others, everybody wondering just
dialog: what the hell's going through Percy's mind.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Del was just asking for a box. He
dialog: thinks the mouse will sleep in it,
dialog: I guess. That he might keep it for
dialog: a pet. What do you think?
speaker_heading: PERCY
dialog: I think it'll shit up his nose
dialog: some night and run away, but I
dialog: guess that's Del's lookout.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: We oughtta find a cigar box. Get
dialog: some cotton batting from he
dialog: dispensary to line it with. That
dialog: should do real nice.
text: Percy walks away, leaving them dumbstruck. Paul turns to the
dialog: others. Of all the things they've seen in the last few
dialog: minutes, Percy being nice is the most amazing of all.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Man said get a cigar box.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PRISON ADMINISTRATION BUILDING - DAY
text: Paul comes up the stairs to the warden's office...
scene_heading: INT. WARDEN MOORES' OFFICE - DAY
text: ...and enters to find Hal staring out the window.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Hal? You wanted to see me?
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: Yeah. Paul. Close the door.
text: Hal's speech is halting, his thoughts disjointed and slow:
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: Uh. So you know. You got a new
dialog: prisoner coming in tomorrow.
dialog: William Wharton. Young kid. Wild
dialog: as hell, judging from this...
text: He picks up the report, trying to focus his thoughts:
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: ...been rambling all over the
dialog: state last few years, causing all
dialog: kinds of trouble. Finally hit big
dialog: time. Killed three people in a
text: holdup, including a pregnant
dialog: woman. Got "Billy the Kid"
text: tattooed on his left arm...bad
dialog: news all around...
text: He trails off, no longer able to focus on the words. Paul is
text: shocked to see tears spill silently down his cheeks.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Hal?
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: It's a tumor, Paul. A brain tumor.
text: Paul doesn't know what to say. Hal looks at him.
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: They got X-ray pictures of it.
dialog: It's the size of a lemon, they
dialog: said, and way down deep inside
dialog: where they can't operate. They say
dialog: she'll be dead by Christmas. I
dialog: haven't told her. I can't think
dialog: how. For the life of me, Paul, I
dialog: can't think how to tell my wife
dialog: she's going to die.
dialog: Hal Moores, one of the toughest and steadiest men you'd ever
text: meets, starts to cry. He dissolves into great big gasping
text: sobs, losing all control.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PAUL'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Paul lies awake, watching Jan sleep. He looks troubled--not
text: to mention feverish. It occurs to him how badly he has to
text: pee. He sits up, clutching at a queasy stab of pain in his
dialog: groin...
speaker_heading: LIVING ROOM STAIRS
text: ...and comes hurrying down the steps, clutching himself...
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - NIGHT
text: ...and he's moving even faster as he exits the kitchen,
text: racing for the outhouse. He realizes he's not going to make
text: it, stops to piss near the woodpile at the corner of the
dialog: house...
text: ...and as he does, he's hit with the most stunning pain of
text: his life. He buckles to his knees--it's only his flailing
text: hand against the woodpile that prevents him from going face-
text: first into his own piss. He crams his other hand to his mouth
text: in an enormous effort not to scream and wake his wife.
text: He manages to ride it out until his bladder empties. He falls
text: onto his side, rolls over on the grass, and stares up at the
text: sky with both hands pressed to his groin.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: ...oh God...oh God...
speaker_heading: FADE TO BLACK
text: IN BLACKNESS, A TITLE CARD APPEARS:
dialog: "Coffey's Hands"
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PAUL'S KITCHEN - MORNING
text: Paul looks feverish and clammy as he buttons up his uniform
text: jacket. Jan is packing his lunch, throwing him looks, knowing
dialog: how sick he is.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I'm going.
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: To the doctor. I'm going.
dialog: (off her look)
dialog: Today. Just as soon as we get the
text: new inmate squares away.
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: That bad?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Oh yeah.
text: She hands him his brown-bagged lunch, kisses his face.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BRIAR RIDGE MENTAL HOSPITAL - MORNING
text: We see a tattoo: "Billy the Kid." TILT UP to WILLIAM WHARTON
text: staring out the window, wearing a hospital gown, his face
text: utterly blank. He looks heavily medicated.
text: Harry, Dean, and Percy enter. Billy doesn't react, just keeps
text: staring out. Harry waves his fingers in Billy's face.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Boy's doped to the gills. Dean,
dialog: hand me them clothes...
text: Dean relays some folded prison clothes to Harry.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: William Wharton! Hey! I'm talking
dialog: to you! Put these clothes on!
text: Billy turns with a vacant look, takes the clothes. He fumbles
text: with the shirt, drops the pants. Harry and Dean sigh.
text: They strip Billy's hospital gown off and proceed to put the
text: shirt on him, guiding his limp arms through the sleeves.
speaker_heading: PERCY
dialog: Hellraiser, huh? Looks more like
dialog: a limp noodle to me. Hey! Hey, you!
text: Billy looks up, meets Percy's eyes.
speaker_heading: PERCY
dialog: You been declared competent! Know
dialog: what that means? Mean's you're
dialog: gonna ride the lightning, son!
text: Percy does a quick impression of a man jittering and jerking
dialog: in the electric chair.
speaker_heading: PERCY
dialog: Bzzzzzzzzt-zap! Just like that!
dialog: How's it feel to know you're gonna
dialog: die with your knees bent?
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: C'mon, Percy, give us a hand.
text: Laughing, Percy picks up the pants. They proceed to help
text: Billy into them one leg at a time...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. E BLOCK TOILET - DAY
text: Paul is trying to piss. Except for a few drops hitting the
text: bowl, excruciating pain seems to be the only result. He gives
text: up, grabs a towel, wipes the sweat from his feverish face...
scene_heading: INT. E BLOCK - DAY
text: ...and steps gingerly from the toilet. Del's watching.
speaker_heading: DEL
dialog: Don' look so good, boss. Look like
dialog: you runnin' you a fever.
text: Paul shoots him a baleful look--no kidding. Another voice
dialog: calls softly from further down the Mile:
speaker_heading: COFFEY (O.S.)
dialog: Boss Edgecomb? Needs ta see you
dialog: down here, boss.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Got things to tend to just now,
dialog: John Coffey. You be still in your
dialog: cell now, y'hear?
text: Coffey falls silent. Paul goes to the entrance door and peers
text: through the viewing slot, anxious to have this over with...
scene_heading: EXT. COLD MOUNTAIN PENITENTIARY - DAY
text: The prison truck appears, swaying along the rutted road...
speaker_heading: IN THE TRUCK
text: ...while Billy Wharton stares at nothing, drool dripping from
text: his slack mouth in long strings.
scene_heading: INT. E BLOCK - DAY
text: Paul watches the truck pull in. He draws away from the slot,
text: proceeds toward the empty cell which used to be
dialog: Bitterbuck's...
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON TRUCK
text: The rear doors are swung open. Harry emerges. Dean and Percy
text: are guiding Billy by the arm, helping him down...
speaker_heading: INSIDE E BLOCK
text: Paul waits at the empty cell. ANGLE PANS TIGHT to Coffey at
text: his bars, eyes widening in a blossoming of some nameless fear
text: or dread. Something bad's coming. A whisper:
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: Careful.
speaker_heading: OUTSIDE E BLOCK
text: Billy is brought to the door. Dean pulls his keys, starts to
text: unlock it. We PUSH IN on Billy's face, where the tiniest
text: trace of a smile is starting to grow...
speaker_heading: INSIDE E BLOCK
text: ...and Coffey's unease grows with it. he presses his face to
text: the bars, his whispering becoming more urgent:
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: Careful. Careful.
text: Paul hears him, glances back with a puzzled look. Coffey's
text: gaze is directed at the door, which is being unlocked...
speaker_heading: THE DOOR
text: ...and opened. In that moment, the slack look on Billy's face
text: gives way to a wild grin. A CRAZED SCREECH leaps from his
text: throat, a cross between a rebel yell and a dog being
dialog: tortured, freezing everybody's blood in their veins--
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Yeeeeeeehaaaawwwwwwrooooo!
text: --and he drops his wrist-chain down over Dean's head, jerks
text: it tight, begins to strangle him. Dean lurches forward, Billy
text: riding/propelling him through the door onto the Mile.
text: Percy stands frozen in the doorway, stunned. Harry shoves him
text: aside and jumps on Billy from behind, trying to get him off
text: Dean. Dean is choking, turning purple.
text: Paul rushes from the cell to join the fray. Billy whirls,
text: delivering a stunning kick to Paul's groin. Paul's bladder
text: pain goes nuclear--he falls back in agony, clutching himself
text: and sucking air through his teeth, unable even to scream.
text: Billy rams an elbow into Harry's face, knocks him sprawling
text: on the desk, screaming and laughing and howling all the while:
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: WHOOOEE, BOYS! AIN'T THIS A PARTY,
dialog: NOW? IS IT, OR WHAT?
text: Paul forces himself to his feet, pulls his revolver, draws
dialog: down on Billy...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: LET HIM GO!
text: ...but Billy jerks Dean around, using him as a shield...
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: G'WAN, SHOOT! SEE WHO YA HIT!
text: Dean is choking, dying. Paul is shifting his aim, trying for
text: a clear shot, not getting one. Percy's still just inside the
text: doorway, pressed against the wall with fear...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: HIT HIM, PERCY! GODDAMN IT, HIT
speaker_heading: HIM!
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: C'MON, PERCY, HIT ME! HIT ME, YOU
dialog: LIMP NOODLE, HIT ME! YEEHAWWW!
text: ...and suddenly a hand comes in, grabs the hickory stick out
text: of Percy's grasp, raises it high--
text: --it's Brutal coming through the door. He swings the baton
text: and lands an awesome blow to Billy's head--THUMP! The force
text: of it spins Billy off his feet and slams him flat on his back.
text: Dean crawls away, gulping ragged breaths of air. Amazingly,
text: Billy's still conscious--he looks up at Brutal and laughs:
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Big fucker. Snuck up on me. No
dialog: fair.
text: Still laughing, he makes another grab at Dean. Brutal whacks
text: him again, turning his lights out for good. Brutal drops to
text: Dean's side, helping him hack air back into his lungs:
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: Breathe...breathe...that's it...
text: Everybody's reining in their adrenaline. Paul glares at Harry.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: We thought he was doped.
dialog: (to Percy)
dialog: Didn't we? Didn't we all of us
dialog: think he was doped?
text: Percy nods, still numb. Paul is furious:
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You didn't ask? I guess that's not
dialog: a mistake you'll be need to make
dialog: again anytime soon, is it?
text: Harry shakes his head miserably. Paul grabs Billy by the feet.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Grab his arms! You too, Percy!
dialog: (off Percy's
dialog: hesitation)
dialog: Percy, goddamn it, get your feet
dialog: out of cement and help us out here!
text: Percy finally unfreezes. The three of them hoist Billy up in
text: a dead-lift, get him in his cell, toss him on the cot. They
text: step out, slam the door, lock it. Paul looks to Harry and
dialog: Brutal.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Get Dean looked at right away,
dialog: make sure he's all right.
dialog: Percy, you go make a report to the
dialog: warden for me. Start off by saying
dialog: the situation is under control--
dialog: it's not a story, he won't
dialog: appreciate you drawing out the
dialog: suspense.
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: What about you? You look about
text: ready to collapse.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I've got the Mile till you all get
dialog: back. Go on now.
text: They all exit. As soon as he's alone, Paul gives in to the
text: pain, holding his crotch and sinking to his knees with a
text: moan. It's so bad he actually lays down on the Mile, face
text: pressed against the cool linoleum, wishing he were dead. A
dialog: stretch of silence...and then:
speaker_heading: COFFEY (O.S.)
dialog: Boss? Needs ta see ya down here.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: This is not a good time, John
dialog: Coffey. Not a good time at all.
speaker_heading: COFFEY (O.S.)
dialog: But I needs ta see ya, boss. I
dialog: needs ta talk t'ya.
text: Paul sighs. Things couldn't get much worse than this. He
text: rises with a supreme effort, walks painfully down the Mile...
speaker_heading: COFFEY'S CELL
text: ...and finds Coffey waiting at his bars.
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: Closer.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I'm alone here right now, John.
dialog: Figure this is close enough.
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: Boss, please. I got to whisper in
dialog: your ear.
text: Paul blinks. Maybe it's the fever clouding his brain, or
dialog: maybe...hell, is this what being hypnotized is like? He tries
text: to shake the sensation off, comes a little closer.
speaker_heading: DEL
dialog: Boss? You know you not s'pose to
dialog: do dat.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Mind your business, Del. What do
dialog: you want, John Coffey?
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: Just to help.
text: His hand shoots out, grabs Paul by the collar, jerks him
text: close. Paul makes a panic-grab for his revolver...
text: ...but Coffey lays his free hand atop Paul's, eases his grip
text: from the gun--no need for that. Coffey's hand then drifts
text: slowly down, easing to Paul's crotch...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (stunned, frozen)
dialog: What are you...doing?
text: ...and something goes WHUMP through Paul's body. He arches
text: back with his mouth agape and arms outstretched as a rush of
text: energy seems to pass from Paul through Coffey's hand...
text: ...and then it's over. Paul comes back to the real world,
text: weak against the bars, realizes Del is hollering in his cell:
speaker_heading: DEL
text: HELP! JOHN COFFEY'S KILLING BOSS
speaker_heading: EDGECOMB! HELP!
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Del, Chrissake, settle down, I'm
dialog: fine...
text: It dawns on him that he really is fine. Fever's gone. So is
text: the pain in his groin. John Coffey, though, seems to be
text: having trouble. He sits down on his bunk, bends forward,
text: gagging like a man with a chicken bone caught in his throat.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: John? John, what's wrong?
text: Paul fumbles his keys to the lock, unsure if he should open
text: the door, watching the big man's contortions grow stronger
text: like a cat trying to cough up a hairball...
text: ...and then comes an unpleasant, gagging/retching sound as
text: Coffey's lips draw back from his teeth in a kind of godawful
text: sneer...and he exhales a cloud of what look like tiny black
text: insects. They swirl furiously in front of his face, turn
text: white...and disappear. Paul just stares, stunned. Softly:
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: What did you do, big boy? What did
dialog: you do to me?
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: I helped it. Didn't I help it?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Yes, but...how?
dialog: Coffey shrugs--it's something that just is.
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: Just took it back, is all. Awful
text: tired now, boss. Dog tired.
text: He rolls onto his bunk, faces the wall. Paul just stares at
text: him, stunned. He turns and walks up the Mile, his stiffness
text: and pain now gone. Del watches him go by, also stunned:
speaker_heading: DEL
dialog: What dat man do to you? He throw
dialog: some gris-gris on you?
dialog: (off Paul's look)
dialog: You look diff'int! Even walk
dialog: diff'int. Like y'all better!
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You're imagining thing. Lie down,
dialog: Del. Get you some rest.
dialog: Paul continues up the Mile...
speaker_heading: E BLOCK TOILET
text: ...and steps back into the toilet. Not trusting this
text: situation for even a moment, Paul opens his fly, takes a deep
text: breath to prepare himself for the pain, starts to pee...
text: ...and we hear a healthy stream of water hitting the bowl.
text: The look on Paul's face says it all--blessed relief.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PAUL'S HOUSE - DUSK
text: Paul comes home from work, still looking numb about the whole
text: thing. He drifts to the kitchen door. Jan's at the counter,
text: slicing vegetables for dinner. She glances at him.
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: Hi, honey. How are you feeling?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Um...not too bad.
text: She turns back. Paul's eyes drift down to admire her ass.
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: What did the doctor say?
text: No response. He's too busy staring. She turns again--he
text: glances hastily up.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Oh, you know doctors. Gobble-de-
dialog: gook mostly.
text: She turns back, keeps working. He crosses the room, eyeing
dialog: her ass all the way...and surprised her by pressing up
text: against her from behind, running his hands along her hips.
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: Paul? What are you doing?
text: He starts laying kisses on the back of her neck, giving her
text: pleasant shivers, murmuring:
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: What's it feel like?
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: I know what it feels like...it
dialog: feels great...but...Paul...
text: He's getting her breathless. She turns into his arms and they
text: get into some passionate kissing. It's not too long before
text: they're frantically peeling each other's clothes off...
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: ...and we find them having a wild tumble in the sheets, both
text: moaning and groaning, sweating and panting. She pushes him
text: flat on the bed, pauses to catch her breath...
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: Those must've been some pills.
text: ...and they keep going, rutting like crazed weasels...
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - NIGHT
text: ...as their moans go drifting into the night...
speaker_heading: FADE TO:
scene_heading: SAME ANGLE AS ABOVE - DAWN
text: ...and they're still moaning up there as the sun creeps up.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - MORNING
text: Jan falls back, exhausted after the latest go-round. She
text: catches her breath, looks over at Paul, and finally:
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: Paul? Not that I'm complaining.
dialog: But we haven't gone four times in
dialog: one night since we were nineteen.
dialog: (off his look)
dialog: You wanna tell me just what the
dialog: hell's going on?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Well...thing is...I never actually
dialog: got to the doctor yesterday...
dialog: She gives him a look--oh?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - MORNING
dialog: Paul is on the phone:
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Brutal? Listen...I'm thinking of
dialog: taking the morning off sick. You
dialog: cover the fort for me?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: That's swell. Thanks. Yeah, I'm
dialog: sure I'll feel better. Okay.
text: He hangs up, turns to Jan.
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: You sure you ought to do this?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I'm not sure what I'm sure of.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD TO TEFTON - DAY
text: Paul's model T comes putt-putting up the road past a sign:
dialog: "Trapingus County Welcomes You."
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE IN TEFTON - BACK PORCH - DAY
dialog: BURT HAMMERSMITH, public defender for Trapingus County, sits
text: with a cold soda and a magazine, watching his TWO CHILDREN
text: playing on a swing at the far end of the backyard. The screen
text: door opens and CYNTHIA HAMMERSMITH ushers Paul out.
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: I offer you a cold drink?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Yes, ma'am, a cold drink would be
dialog: fine. Thank you.
text: She goes back inside. Burt rises.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Mr. Hammersmith. Your office said
dialog: I'd find you at home today. I hope
dialog: I'm not troubling you.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: That depends, Mr.--?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Paul Edgecomb. I'm the E Block
dialog: superintendant at Cold Mountain.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: The Green Mile. I've heard of it.
dialog: Lost a few clients your way.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: That's why I'm here. I'd like to
dialog: ask you about one of them.
text: Burt settles back down, motions "please sit".
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Which client? Now you got my
dialog: curiosity aroused.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: John Coffey.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Ah, Coffey. He causing you
dialog: problems?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: No, can't say he is. He doesn't
text: like the dark. He cries on
dialog: occasion. Other than that...
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Cries, does he? Well, he's got a
dialog: lot to cry about, I'd say. You
dialog: know what he did.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (nods)
dialog: I read the court transcripts.
text: Cynthia reappears, hands Paul a cold root beer.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Thank you, Missus.
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: My pleasure. Kids! Lunch is about
dialog: ready! Y'all come on up!
text: She goes back inside, but the kids aren't quite able to tear
dialog: themselves away from their play.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: What exactly are you trying to
dialog: find out? Satisfy my curiosity,
dialog: I'll see if I can satisfy yours.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I've wondered if he ever did
dialog: anything like that before.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Why? Has he said anything?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: No. But a man who does a thing
dialog: like that has often developed a
dialog: taste for it over time. Occurred
dialog: to me it might be easy enough to
text: follow his backtrail and find out.
dialog: A man his size, and colored to
dialog: boot, can't be that hard to trace.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: You'd think so, but you'd be
dialog: wrong. Believe me, we tried. It's
text: like he dropped out of the sky.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: How do you explain that?
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: We're in a Depression. A third of
dialog: the country's out of work.
dialog: People are drifting by the
dialog: thousands, looking for work,
dialog: looking for that greener grass.
dialog: Even a giant like Coffey wouldn't
dialog: get noticed everywhere he goes...
dialog: not until he kills a couple of
dialog: little girls.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: He's...strange, I admit. But there
dialog: doesn't seem to be any real
dialog: violence in him. I know violent
dialog: men, Mr. Hammersmith. I deal with
dialog: 'em day in and day out.
text: Burt smiles, realizing:
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: You didn't come up here to ask me
dialog: whether he might have killed
dialog: before. You came up here to see if
dialog: I think he did it at all. That's
dialog: it, isn't it?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Do you?
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: One seldom sees a less ambiguous
dialog: case. He was found with the
text: victims in his arms. Blurted out
dialog: a confession right then and there.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Yet you defended him.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Everyone is entitled to a defense.
text: Cynthia hollers from an open window:
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: Kids! Lunch!
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Y'all listen to your Momma, now!
text: The kids start this way. Burt turns back to Paul.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Tell you something. You listen
dialog: close, too, because it might be
dialog: something you need to know.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I'm listening.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: We had us a dog. No particular
dialog: breed, but gentle. Ready to lick
dialog: your hand or fetch a stick. Just
dialog: a sweet mongrel, you know the kind.
dialog: (Paul nods)
dialog: In many way, a good mongrel dog is
dialog: like you negro. You get to know
dialog: it, and often you get to love it.
dialog: It is of no particular use, but
dialog: you keep it around because you
dialog: think it loves you. If you're
dialog: lucky, Mr. Edgecomb, you never
dialog: have to find out any different. My
dialog: wife and I were not so lucky.
dialog: Caleb. Come here for a second.
text: The little boy comes to him, staring at his feet. Burt tires
text: to raise the boy's chin. The boy resists for a moment...
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Please, son.
text: ...and then his face comes around. He's horribly scarred on
dialog: that side, the eye missing.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: He has the one eye. I suppose he's
dialog: lucky not to be blind. We get down
dialog: on our knees and thank God for
dialog: that much at least. Right Caleb?
dialog: (the boy nods shyly)
dialog: Okay, go on in now.
text: The boy races inside after his sister. Paul follows Burt's
text: gaze off toward the rear of the property, where an unoccupied
text: doghouse stands weathered and sad in the weeds.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: That dog attacked my boy for no
dialog: reason. Just got it into his mind
text: one day. Same with John Coffey. He
dialog: was sorry afterwards, of that I
dialog: have no doubt...but those little
dialog: girls stayed raped and murdered
dialog: nonetheless. Maybe he's never done
dialog: it before--my dog never bit
dialog: before, but I didn't concern
dialog: myself with that. I went out there
dialog: with my rifle and grabbed his
dialog: collar and blew his brains out.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I'm sorry for your trouble.
text: Burt acknowledges the condolence with a gracious nod.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: I'm as enlightened as the next
dialog: man, Mr. Edgecomb. I would not
dialog: bring back slavery for all the tea
dialog: in China. I believe we have to be
dialog: humane and generous in our efforts
dialog: to solve the race problem. But we
dialog: have to remember that the negro
dialog: will bite if he gets the chance,
dialog: just like a mongrel dog will bite
dialog: if it crosses its mind to do so.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Is Coffey guilty? Yes, he is.
dialog: Don't you doubt it, and don't you
dialog: turn your back on him. You might
dialog: get away with it once or even a
dialog: hundred times...but in the end...
text: He raises his hand, making biting motions with his fingers.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: You understand?
text: Paul says nothing. Burt gazes out again. Softly:
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: I'm gonna have to tear that old
dialog: doghouse down one of these days.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PAUL'S MODEL T - DAY
text: Paul drives back to Cold Mountain, his heart conflicted...
scene_heading: INT. E BLOCK - DAY
text: ...and he walks onto the Mile with a bundle wrapped in a dish
text: towel. Brutal glances up from the desk, sniffing the air.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: No, it's not for you.
text: Paul continues down the Mile. Whatever he's carrying, the
text: smell of it brings Del to his bars. Even Mr.Jingles comes
text: skittering out of his cigar box, sniffing.
speaker_heading: DEL
dialog: Oh. Oh my.
text: Paul arrives at Coffey's cell. Coffey's on his bunk facing
text: the wall. His head comes around, drawn by the aroma. He sits
text: up, wipes the tears leaking from his eyes, looks at Paul.
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: I'm smelling me some cornbread.
text: Paul speaks softly so the others can't hear:
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: It's from my missus. She wanted to
dialog: thank you.
text: Coffey nods thoughtfully, absorbing this notion. Then:
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: Thank me for what?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You know. For helping me.
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: Helping you with what?
text: Paul motions discreetly to his crotch.
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: Ohhh.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Was your missus pleased?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Several times.
text: Paul hands him the bundle through the bars. Coffey takes it,
text: uncovers the cornbread reverently, gazes back up.
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: This all for me?
text: Paul nods. Across the way, Del is pressing his face longingly
text: through the bars while Mr. Jingles crawls on his shoulder.
speaker_heading: DEL
dialog: Oh my. John, I can smell it from
dialog: here. I surely can.
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: (looks to Paul)
dialog: Can I give some to Del?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: It's yours, John. You do with it
dialog: as you please.
text: John carefully scoops a big chunk of cornbread out with his
text: enormous hand, holds it through the bars to Paul.
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: Here's for Del and Mr. Jingles
dialog: then.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Hey! What about me? I'm'a get some
dialog: too, ain't I
dialog: Coffey looks to Paul--do I have to?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: It's yours, John. As you please.
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: Well. Fine. I think I'll keep the
dialog: rest, then.
text: He smiles like a big kid, digging in with his fingers. Paul
text: crosses the Mile to Del's cell, hands him his share.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Courtesy of the gentleman across
dialog: the way.
speaker_heading: DEL
dialog: Oh, John. So very fine of you. So
dialog: very kind. Mr. Jingles t'ank you.
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: (mouth full)
dialog: ...wel'cm...
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Hey! What about me? Don't you hold
dialog: out on me, ya big dummy nigger!
text: Paul's temper flares--he steps to Billy's cell.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You'll keep a civil tongue on my
dialog: block.
text: Beat. Billy spits in Paul's face and follows it up with a big
dialog: grin--what are you gonna do about that? Paul is seething as
text: he wipes the spit off, but keeps his temper where it belongs.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You get that one for free. But
dialog: that's the last one.
text: Paul walks away. Billy laughs, hollering after him:
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: That's it? Just that little bitty
dialog: one? Guess I'll have to pay out
dialog: for the rest, huh?
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. E BLOCK - DAY
text: Harry is walking the Mile, doing a cell check and jotting on
text: a clipboard. He pauses, making a notation...
text: ...and a long stream of piss hits his leg. Billy's at his
text: bars, peeing on him. Harry jumps back, stunned. Billy howls
text: with laughter, hosing his aim wildly from side to side.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Yeehaaw! Good shot, weren't it?
dialog: Oh, the look on your face!
text: Paul and Brutal come running. Harry's just flabbergasted:
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: You believe this? Son of a bitch
dialog: pissed on me!
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Hey, d'jall like that? I'm
dialog: currently cooking some turds t'go
dialog: with it! Nice soft ones! I'll have
dialog: 'em out t'yall tomorrow!
text: Paul stays calm, turns to Brutal, nods at the restraint room.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: We've been looking to clear that
dialog: room out anyway.
speaker_heading: TIMECUT:
text: A STREAM OF GUARDS comes toting the last of the restraint
text: room stuff past Billy's cell while he heckles them from the
dialog: bars...
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Hey! Whassit now, movin' day?
dialog: Y'all wanna come in and dust a
dialog: little? Y'can shine my knob for me
dialog: while yer at it!
text: ...and he pauses as Paul and Brutal step to the bars. Paul
text: has a canvas straitjacket. Brutal pulls his nightstick.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: You can come in here on your legs,
dialog: but you'll go out on your backs,
dialog: Billy the Kid guarantee ya that.
dialog: (motions to Brutal)
dialog: C'mon, fuckstick. No sneakin' up
dialog: on me this time. We'll go man to
dialog: man, see who's the better fel--
text: Brutal unlocks the cell--and sidesteps, revealing Harry
text: pointing a fire hose. The hose erupts, driving Billy across
text: the cell with bone-jarring force. They batter him half-
text: senseless, then cut the water. Billy collapses in a heap.
text: Paul and Brutal drag him semi-conscious from his cell and get
text: the straitjacket on him. He comes around as they draw the
text: straps tight and pull him to his feet.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: C'mon, Wild Bill. Little walky
dialog: walky.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Don't you call me that! Wild Bill
dialog: Hickock wasn't no range rider! He
dialog: was just a bushwackin' John Law!
dialog: Dumb sonovabitch sat with his back
text: to the door and kilt by a drunk!
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: Oh, my suds and body! A history
dialog: lesson! You just never know what
dialog: you're gonna get when you come to
dialog: work everyday on the Green Mile.
dialog: Thank you, Wild Bill.
text: Billy lets out a scream of rage and throws himself at Brutal.
text: Brutal, bored, shoves him back toward Paul, who then propels
text: him down the Mile toward the open restraint room door. Billy
dialog: sees where they intend to put him, resorts to pleading:
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Oh, not in there! C'mon now, I'll
dialog: be good! Honest Injun I will! No!
dialog: No! Ummmmhhhh...urg...ah!
text: He suddenly drops to the floor, bucking and jerking wildly,
text: spewing drool. Harry's eyes go wide.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Holy Christ, he's pitchin' a fit!
text: Paul reaches down and unceremoniously starts dragging Billy
text: kicking and writhing the rest of the way.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: He'll be fine, boys. Trust me on
dialog: this one.
text: Brutal helps Paul toss Billy headlong into the padded room.
text: They slam the door...
speaker_heading: RESTRAINT ROOM
text: ...and Billy staggers to his feet in the straitjacket,
text: inarticulate with rage, starts throwing himself against the
text: door, screaming at the top of his lungs.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: ALL I WANTED ME WAS A LITTLE
dialog: CORNBREAD, YOU MUTHERFUCKERS!
speaker_heading: FADE TO:
scene_heading: INT. E BLOCK - NEXT DAY
text: Paul and Brutal unlock the restraint room. Billy looks up
text: from the corner, pale and drained. Softly:
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: I learnt my lesson. I'll be good.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. E BLOCK - DAY
text: Billy's back in his cell, quiet for a change. Toot-Toot is
text: outside the bars, mopping the floor. Billy notices a
text: chocolate Moon Pie in Toot's shirt pocket.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Pssss. Hey. Give'ya nickel for
dialog: that Moon Pie.
text: Toot looks around. Nobody's watching, and a nickel's a
text: nickel. He steps to Billy's bars, swaps the Moon Pie for the
dialog: money.
text: Toot hurries away. Billy unwraps the Moon Pie, makes sure
text: he's not being watched...and crams the entire thing into his
dialog: mouth...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
dialog: ...and here comes Brutal strolling down the Mile, doing a
text: cell check and jotting on a clipboard. He pauses, seeing:
text: Billy at his bars. Just standing there staring. His cheeks
text: bulging way out.
text: Brutal steps closer, fascinated...what the fuck is that.
text: Billy waits until he's just a bit closer--
text: --and he slams his fists against his own cheeks, propelling
text: a disgusting spew of liquefied chocolate sludge into Brutal's
text: face. Billy falls back onto his bunk, shrieking with laughter:
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Li'l Black Sambo, yassuh, boss,
dialog: yassuh, howdoo you do?
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: (beat, calmly)
dialog: Hope your bags are packed.
speaker_heading: TIMECUT:
text: ...and once again, Billy gets dragged to the restraint room,
text: kicking and screaming all the way. They toss him in, slam the
text: door. Brutal turns, still wiping traces of sludge off.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: The Moon Pie thing was pretty
dialog: original. Gotta give him that.
text: Brutal nods. They walk away as we
speaker_heading: FADE TO:
scene_heading: INT. E BLOCK - DAY
text: Paul and Brutal appear at Del's bars with Harry and Dean.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Del, grab your things. Big day for
dialog: you and Mr. Jingles.
speaker_heading: DEL
dialog: Whatchoo talkin' bout?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Important folks heard about your
dialog: mouse, wanna see him perform. Not
dialog: just guards, either. One of them's
dialog: a politician all the way from the
dialog: state capital, I believe.
text: Del swells with pride upon hearing this. He scrounges up Mr.
text: Jingles props, steps from his cell, looks to Harry and Dean.
speaker_heading: DEL
dialog: You fellas comin'?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: We got other fish to fry just now,
dialog: Del, but you knock 'em for a loop.
text: Del nods, beaming happily, looks to Coffey in his cell.
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: You knock 'em for a loop like Mr.
dialog: Harry says, Del.
text: Brutal leads Del up the Mile, Paul and the others at their
text: heels. Percy's at the duty desk. He smirks and rolls his eyes
text: as Del goes by. The moment Brutal and Del are out the door...
text: ...Toot emerges from Paul's office where he's been hiding.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Let's move along briskly, folks.
dialog: There's not much time.
text: Toot hurries down to take his place in Del's cell.
speaker_heading: TOOT
dialog: I'm sittin' down, I'm sittin'
dialog: down, I'm sittin' down.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE/ADMINISTRATION BUILDING - DAY
text: A HALF DOZEN GUARDS are waiting. We find Bill Dodge fixing
dialog: the tie of a fat good ol' boy named EARL.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Been sweepin' floors here ten
dialog: years, never had to wear no damn
dialog: tie before.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: You're a V.I.P. today, Earl, so
dialog: just shut up.
text: A KNOCK at the door. Everybody takes a seat. Del is ushered
text: in by Brutal. Del faces his audience, puts his hands to his
dialog: chest in a "thank you" gesture worthy of Lillie Langtry
text: before her adoring public, then announces grandly:
speaker_heading: DEL
dialog: Messieurs et mesdames! Bienvenue
dialog: au cirque de mousie!
scene_heading: INT. EXECUTION CHAMBER - DAY
text: The steel cap is lowered over Toot's head, the straps
dialog: tightened. TILT UP to Percy as:
speaker_heading: PERCY
dialog: Roll on two.
text: Behind his partition, Van Hay mimes flipping the switch.
speaker_heading: VAN HAY
dialog: That's that.
text: A pause. Percy looks anxiously to Paul, who's trading glances
dialog: with the other guards. Finally:
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Very good. Very professional.
text: Percy smiles. Harry and Dean step up, slapping his back and
dialog: shaking his hand...
scene_heading: INT. E BLOCK - DAY
text: ...and they're still chatting a short time later, waiting for
text: Del's return. Percy actually looks happy for a change,
dialog: feeling genuinely accepted for the first time...
text: Billy is watching from his cell. Just watching.
text: The door opens. Del returns with Mr. Jingles on his shoulder,
text: escorted by Brutal. Brutal is toting the cigar box and spool
text: like a magician's assistant carrying the boss' props.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Well?
speaker_heading: DEL
dialog: They love Mr. Jingles! They laugh
text: and cheer and clap they hands!
speaker_heading: PERCY
dialog: Well, that's just aces. Pop back
dialog: in your cell, old-timer.
text: The generosity of Percy's tone catches Del completely off
text: guard. Del gives him a look of almost comical mistrust...
text: ...and the old Percy comes back. He bares his teeth in a mock
text: snarl and curls his fingers as if to grab Del. It's a joke,
text: but Del doesn't know that--he jerks back in fear and trips
text: over Brutal's big feet. Del goes down hard, hitting the
text: linoleum with the back of his head. Mr. Jingles jumps clear,
text: goes squeaking down the Mile. Del sits up, painfully
text: clutching his head. Brutal helps him up...
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: Percy, you shit.
text: ...and moves him toward his cell. Percy is actually moved to
text: apologize--he starts after them with a half-laugh, drifting
dialog: much too close to Wild Bill's side of the Mile...
speaker_heading: PERCY
dialog: Del! Hey, you numb wit, I didn't
dialog: mean nothin' by it! You all ri--
text: ...and Wild Bill's arms thrust out, grabbing Percy and
text: slamming him back against the bars with an arm around his
text: throat. Percy squeals like a pig in a slaughter-chute,
text: thinking he's gonna die. The guards scramble, drawing their
text: clubs--as Billy strokes Percy's hair and whispers in his ear:
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Ain't you sweet. Soft. Like a
dialog: girl. I druther fuck your asshole
dialog: than your sister's pussy, I think.
text: Billy kisses Percy's ear--and his hand drops down to squeeze
text: Percy's crotch. Paul pulls his sidearm, taking aim...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Wharton!
text: ...and Billy lets go, stepping back with his hands raised,
text: laughing. Percy darts across the Mile in terror and cringes
text: against the cell opposite, breathing so loud and fast it
text: almost sounds like sobbing.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: I let 'im go, I'us just playin'
dialog: and I let 'im go! Never hurt a
text: hair on his purty head!
dialog: (grins at Percy)
dialog: Your noodle ain't limp at all,
dialog: loverboy! I think you sweet on ol'
dialog: Billy the Kid...
dialog: (sniffs his fingers)
dialog: ...oooh, but smell you.
text: Down at his cell, Del starts laughing shrilly. Everybody else
text: starts to realize it, including Percy himself...he looks
text: down, sees the huge dark stain spreading at his crotch.
speaker_heading: DEL
dialog: Lookit, he done piss his pants!
dialog: Look what the big man done! He
dialog: bus' other people wid 'is stick,
dialog: mais oui some mauvais homme, but
dialog: someone touch him, he make water
dialog: in his pants jus' like a baby!
text: Percy just stares. Brutal shoves Delacroix into his cell.
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: Shut up, Del.
text: Paul steps to Percy, puts a hand on his shoulder. Percy
text: shakes his hand off, looks around at their faces, whispers:
speaker_heading: PERCY
dialog: You talk about this to anyone,
dialog: I'll get you all fired. I swear
dialog: that to God.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: What happens on the Mile, stays on
dialog: the Mile. Always has.
text: The men nod solemnly. Nobody's going to talk about this.
text: Percy looks at Delacroix still snorting in his cell, points
dialog: at him.
speaker_heading: PERCY
dialog: You keep laughing, you French-
dialog: fried faggot. You just keep
dialog: laughing.
text: Del falls silent. Percy turns and storms away as we
speaker_heading: FADE TO BLACK
text: IN BLACKNESS, A TITLE CARD APPEARS:
dialog: "The Bad Death of Eduard Delacroix"
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DEL'S CELL - DAY
text: Paul is sitting with Delacroix. Brutal is leaning against the
text: bars. Del is throwing the spool. Mr. Jingles is fetching it.
text: The silence is thick. Just the clack-clatter of the spool,
text: and the skitter skitter of tiny mouse paws on concrete. It's
text: getting on Paul's nerves in a big way. Softly:
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: What about Dean? He's got a little
dialog: boy would love a pet mouse, I bet.
text: Del looks horrified at the thought.
speaker_heading: DEL
dialog: How could a boy be trust wid Mr.
dialog: Jingles? Maybe forget to feed him.
dialog: And how he keep up wid his
dialog: trainin', just a boy, n'est-ce pas?
text: Del tosses the spool again--clack-clatter, skitter-skitter.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: All right, I'll take him.
speaker_heading: DEL
dialog: T'ank you kindly, merci beaucoup,
dialog: but you live out in the woods, and
dialog: Mr. Jingles, he be scared to live
dialog: out dans la foret.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: He whisper that in your ear?
text: Del nods, tosses the spool again--clack-clatter, skitter
dialog: skitter. Paul is completely out of ideas. But then:
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: How about Mouseville?
speaker_heading: DEL
dialog: Mouseville?
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: Tourist attraction down in
dialog: Florida. Tallahassee, I think. Is
dialog: that right, Paul? Tallahassee?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (level)
dialog: Yeah, that's right. Tallahassee.
dialog: Just down the road apiece from the
dialog: dog university.
text: Brutal's mouth twitches, but he manages to keep a straight
text: face. He gives Paul a look--don't blow this.
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: You think they'd take Mr. Jingles?
dialog: You think he's got the stuff?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Might. He's pretty smart.
speaker_heading: DEL
dialog: Hey! What dis Mouseville?
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: Tourist attraction, I said. They
dialog: got this big tent you go into--
speaker_heading: DEL
dialog: Like a cirque? You have to pay?
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: You shittin' me? Course you pay.
dialog: Dime a piece, two cents for the
dialog: kids. And inside the tent there's
dialog: this mouse city made out of boxes
dialog: and toilet paper rolls...
text: Percy is drifting up the block, listening too, but nobody's
dialog: really paying him much mind.
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: ...plus they got the Mouseville
dialog: All-Star Circus. There's mice that
dialog: swing on trapeze, mice that roll
dialog: barrels, mice that stack coins...
speaker_heading: DEL
dialog: Dat's it! Dat's da place for Mr.
dialog: Jingles! You gonna be a circus
dialog: mouse after all! Gonna live in a
dialog: mouse city down in Florida!
text: Del tosses the spool extra hard--it takes a bad bounce off
text: the wall and goes clattering through the bars onto the Mile.
text: The mouse goes after it like a shot, too intent to notice:
dialog: His old enemy Percy.
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: Percy, no!
text: Percy stomps the heel of his heavy work shoe down on Mr.
text: Jingles. There's a SOFT SNAP as the mouse's back breaks.
text: Del screams in horror and throws himself at the bars, sobbing
text: the mouse's name. Percy looks to Brutal and Paul, smiles.
speaker_heading: PERCY
dialog: Knew I'd get him sooner or later.
dialog: Just a matter of time, really.
text: He turns and strolls up the Mile, leaving Mr. Jingles dying
text: in a tiny pool of blood. Up at the duty desk, Dean and Harry
text: get up from a cribbage game, stunned and furious.
text: Percy strolls past, exits to the execution chamber. Del is
text: still screaming, all his pent-up terror and grief pouring out
text: at the dying mouse. And then comes a soft, urgent voice:
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: Give'm to me.
text: They turn. Coffey's got his arms out through his bars, one
text: massive hand spread open.
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: Give'm to me. Might still be time.
text: Paul hesitates, scoops the mouse up off the floor, wincing at
text: the feel of it. Splintered bones are poking at the hide.
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: What are you doing?
text: Paul doesn't answer, just lays Mr. Jingles into Coffey's
text: hand. Coffey pulls the mouse in through his bars and lays his
text: other hand gently over it, cupping the creature. All we see
text: now is the tail hanging out the side, twitching weakly.
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: Paul, what the hell--
text: Paul motions him quiet. Del is pleading softly at his bars:
speaker_heading: DEL
dialog: Please, John. Oh Johnny, help him,
dialog: please help him, s'il vous plait.
text: Harry and Dean join the group. Everybody watching now.
text: Coffey puts his mouth to his cupped hands, inhales sharply.
text: The world hangs suspended for a moment. Coffey raises his
text: face, contorting as if desperately ill, starts making those
text: horrendous choking sounds in his throat...
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Oh, dear Jesus. The tail. Look at
dialog: the tail.
text: They do. The tail is no longer weak and dying. It's snapping
text: briskly back and forth, as if ready to play.
text: Coffey makes that retching/gagging sound...and again exhales
text: a cloud of swirling black "insects" from his nose and mouth.
text: The men watch, speechless, as the bugs turn white and
dialog: disappear.
text: Coffey bends down, opens his hand. Mr. Jingles bounds off his
text: fingers through the bars, racing past the guards' feet. They
text: turn to see Del gather the mouse up, laughing and crying.
text: Dean turns back to Coffey with a stunned whisper:
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: What did you do?
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: I helped Del's mouse. He a circus
dialog: mouse. Goan live in a mouse city
dialog: down in...down in...
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: (numb)
dialog: Florida?
text: Coffey nods, remembering.
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: Boss Percy's bad. He mean. He step
dialog: on Del's mouse.
dialog: (softly)
dialog: I took it back, though.
text: And with that, he lies back on his bunk and faces the wall.
text: The others look to Paul, don't even know what to say.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Brute, come along with me.
dialog: (to Harry and Dean)
dialog: You fellas go on back to you
dialog: cribbage game.
text: Harry nods numbly. Paul leads Brutal up the Mile...
speaker_heading: EXECUTION CHAMBER
text: ...and they enter to find Percy polishing Old Sparky's arms.
speaker_heading: PERCY
dialog: Don't start in on me. It was just
dialog: a mouse. Never belonged here in
dialog: the first place.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: The mouse is fine. Just fine.
dialog: You're no better at mouse-killing
dialog: than anything else around here.
speaker_heading: PERCY
dialog: You expect me to believe that? I
dialog: heard the goddamn thing crunch.
text: Paul steps closer, angry as we've ever seen him:
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Aren't you glad Mr. Jingles is
dialog: okay? After all our talks about
dialog: how we should keep the prisoners
dialog: calm? Aren't you relieved?
speaker_heading: PERCY
dialog: What kind of game is this?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: No game. See for yourself.
text: Beat. Percy stalks past them, heads out onto the Mile. Paul
text: and Brutal just wait, saying nothing. Brutal picks up the rag
text: left by Percy, resumes polishing chores on Old Sparky. Paul
text: stretches, cracks his neck. The silence heavy...
text: ...until Percy reappears.
speaker_heading: PERCY
dialog: You switched them! You switched
dialog: them somehow, you bastards!
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: I always keep a spare mouse in my
dialog: wallet for occasions such as this.
speaker_heading: PERCY
dialog: You're playing with me, the both
dialog: of you! Just who the hell do you
dialog: think you are--
text: Brutal grabs him , slams him bodily into the electric chair.
text: Paul bends close, gets right in Percy's face.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: We're the people you work with,
dialog: Percy, but not for long. I want
dialog: your word.
speaker_heading: PERCY
dialog: My word?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I put you out front for Del, you
dialog: put in your transfer to Briar
dialog: Ridge the very next day.
speaker_heading: PERCY
dialog: What if I just call up certain
dialog: people and tell them you're
dialog: harassing me? Bullying me?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Go ahead. I promise you'll leave
dialog: your share of blood on the floor.
speaker_heading: PERCY
dialog: Over a mouse? You think anyone's
dialog: gonna give two shits?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: No. But four men will swear you
dialog: stood by while Wild Bill tried to
dialog: strangle Dean to death. About that
dialog: people will care, Percy. Even your
dialog: uncle the governor will care.
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: Thing like that goes in your work
dialog: record. Work record can follow a
text: man around a long, long time.
text: Percy looks from one man to another, knowing he's trapped.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I put you out front, you put in
dialog: your transfer. That's the deal.
text: Percy thinks it over, nods. He tries to get up, but Paul keep
text: him pinned...and pointedly offer his hand.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You make a promise to a man, you
dialog: shake his hand.
text: Percy hesitates, shakes Paul's hand...
scene_heading: HIGH WIDE ANGLE OF EXECUTION CHAMBER
text: ...and Paul pulls him out of the electric chair as we
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: SAME ANGLE AS ABOVE - NEXT NIGHT
text: Witnesses are trickling in, filling the seats. A storm is
text: brewing, sending FLASHES OF LIGHTNING across the floors.
scene_heading: INT. DEL'S CELL - NIGHT
text: Del sits with Mr. Jingles in his lap, stroking the mouse
text: between the ears. Paul, Brutal, and Harry appear at the bars.
speaker_heading: DEL
dialog: Hey, boys. Say hi, Mr. Jingles.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Eduard Delacroix, will you step
dialog: forward?
speaker_heading: DEL
dialog: Boss Edgecomb?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Yes, Del?
speaker_heading: DEL
dialog: Don' let nothin' happen to Mr.
dialog: Jingles, okay?
text: Paul nods--I promise. Del rises, steps to Paul.
speaker_heading: DEL
dialog: Here, take him.
text: Del lifts his hand. Mr. Jingles steps off onto Paul's
dialog: shoulder with no hesitation. Gently:
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Del. I can't have a mouse on my
dialog: shoulder while...you know.
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: I'll take him, boss. Jus' for now.
dialog: If Del don' mind.
speaker_heading: DEL
dialog: Yeah, you take 'im, John. Take him
dialog: til' dis foolishment done--bien!
dialog: (to Paul and Brutal)
dialog: After, you take him down to
dialog: Florida? To dat Mouseville?
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: We'll do it together, most likely.
dialog: Maybe take a little vacation time.
text: Paul moves to Coffey's cell. The mouse skitters off Paul's
text: shoulder onto Coffey's hand.
speaker_heading: DEL
dialog: People pay a dime apiece to see
dialog: him. Two cents for the kiddies.
dialog: Ain't dat right, Boss Howell?
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: That's right, Del.
speaker_heading: DEL
dialog: You a good man, Boss Howell. You
dialog: too, Boss Edgecomb. Wish I could'a
dialog: met you bot' someplace else.
text: Del gives Mr. Jingles one last look, starts to cry.
speaker_heading: DEL
dialog: Au revoir, mon ami. Je t'aime, mon
dialog: petit.
dialog: And they start to walk the Mile...
speaker_heading: EXECUTION CHAMBER
text: Sweltering in the damp heat. Rain is pissing down, drumming
text: the tin roof. People glance up uneasily as THUNDER BOOMS. A
text: FAT LADY is staring grimly at the electric chair.
speaker_heading: FAT LADY
dialog: Hope he's good and scared. Hope he
dialog: knows the fires are stoked, and
dialog: that Satan's imps are waiting.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON DOOR
text: Del enters, horrified to see Percy waiting at Old Sparky.
text: Paul gives Del's arm a reassuring squeeze, leads him
dialog: forward...
text: IN A TIGHT SERIES OF SHOTS:
text: The clamps are applied. The straps are drawn tight.
speaker_heading: PERCY
dialog: Roll on one.
text: The lights brighten on a RISING HUM. Witnesses look up.
speaker_heading: ON THE MILE
text: Coffey looks up as the overheads flare hotter and hotter,
text: whispers to the mouse in his hands:
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: You be still, Mr. Jingles. You be
dialog: so quiet and so still.
speaker_heading: RESUME EXECUTION CHAMBER
speaker_heading: PERCY
dialog: Eduard Delacroix, you have been
dialog: condemned to die by a jury of your
dialog: peers, sentence imposed by a judge
dialog: in good standing in this state.
dialog: You have anything to say before
dialog: sentence is carried out?
text: Del tries to speak. Doesn't quite manage the first time.
text: Licks his lips and tries again.
speaker_heading: DEL
dialog: I sorry for what I do. I give
dialog: anything to take it back, but I
dialog: can't. God have mercy on me.
dialog: (whispers to Paul)
dialog: Don' forget 'bout Mouseville.
text: Paul and Brutal nod--and are stunned as:
speaker_heading: PERCY
dialog: No such place. That's just a fairy
dialog: tale these guys told you to keep
dialog: you quiet. Just thought you should
dialog: know, faggot.
text: The stricken look in Del's eyes tells us a part of him had
dialog: known all along. Paul and Brutal would both like to deck
dialog: Percy right about now, and he knows it--he gives them a "what
dialog: are you gonna do about it" smile.
text: Nothing they can do. Paul nods to Harry, who takes the black
text: mask from the back of the chair and rolls it down over Del's
text: head, leaving the top of his shaved head exposed.
speaker_heading: PERCY
text: takes the sponge and bends down to the bucket of brine. The
dialog: other don't see it, but we do:
text: Percy only pretends to dip the sponge and soak it. It never
text: touches the water. He straightens up and places the sponge
text: atop Delacroix's head, hiding it with his hands.
text: The cap is lowered. Paul and the others haven't yet realized
text: what's happened. THUNDER BOOMS and LIGHTNING CRASHES as Percy
text: hides a smile, steps back to address the condemned:
speaker_heading: PERCY
dialog: Electricity shall now be passed
dialog: through your body until you are
dialog: dead, in accordance with state
dialog: law. God have mercy on your soul.
speaker_heading: TIGHT ON PAUL
text: as realization starts to dawn. He stares at the bucket, then
text: across the floor to Delacroix, coming to terms with the
text: evidence of his eyes--there's no water on the floor or
text: dripping down the sides of Del's neck.
text: Paul's eyes widen. A stunned beat of horror. He starts to
text: open his mouth to scream "NO!", but Percy beats him to it
dialog: with:
speaker_heading: PERCY
dialog: Roll on two.
text: Van Hay flicks the switch. WHAM. The electricity hits home
text: and Del rocks forward, riding the current.
text: Then things start to go horribly wrong.
text: The HUMMING loses its steadiness and starts to waver with a
text: CRACKLING SOUND. Tendrils of smoke begin curling from under
text: the cap, a mixture of burning hair and sponge. Brutal shoots
text: Paul a horrified look. Paul responds with a harsh whisper:
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: It's dry!
text: Delacroix begins twisting and jittering in the chair, his
text: masked face snapping violently from side to side, his legs
text: pistoning up and down in his restraints.
text: There's a MUFFLED POP from under the cap, like a pine knot
text: exploding in a hot fire. Smoke starts coming through the
text: fabric of the mask, puffing upward. Del is being cooked
text: alive. Paul spins to the partition, hollering--
speaker_heading: PAUL
speaker_heading: JACK!
text: --but Brutal grabs his arm, whispers fiercely:
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: Don't you tell him to stop. Don't
dialog: you do it. It's too late for that.
text: Paul turns back, helpless. The other guards are trading wild
text: looks, unable to believe what's happening. Even Percy looks
dialog: aghast--he was expecting something, but not this.
text: Del begins SCREAMING--the wild, hysterical sound of an animal
text: being shredded alive in a hay baler. The HUMMING goes uneven
text: and ragged, the lights rising and falling...
speaker_heading: ON THE MILE
text: ...as Del's screams rise and fall with them, echoing up the
text: corridor. Coffey's shaking and screaming too, as if feeling
text: Del's pain. Mr. Jingles squirms out of his grasp and goes
text: squeaking in terror toward the restraint room door...
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: HE'S COOKIN' NOW! THEY COOKIN' HIM
dialog: GOOD! NEAR ABOUT DONE, I RECKON!
speaker_heading: RESUME EXECUTION CHAMBER
text: Wrong. Del's nowhere near about done. He's slamming back and
text: forth in the chair hard enough to shake the platform,
text: twisting hard against the leather restraints. We hear BONES
text: BREAKING. A WOMAN'S SCREAMS. Witnesses start rising to their
dialog: feet:
speaker_heading: WITNESSES
dialog: What the hell's happening to
dialog: him?...Are those clamps going to
dialog: hold?...Christ, the smell!...Is
dialog: this normal?
text: The mask bursts into flame on Delacroix's face. Van Hay
text: hollers through the wire mesh, horrified:
speaker_heading: VAN HAY
dialog: SHOULD I KILL THE JUICE?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: NO! ROLL, FOR CHRIST'S SAKE, ROLL!
text: Harry scoops up the bucket of water to throw it.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: No water! No water! You crazy?
text: Harry backs off with a look of dazed understanding--you don't
text: throw water on a man getting juiced. Right. He drops the
text: bucket, races to get the chemical fire extinguisher instead.
text: The flaming mask peels away, revealing Del's charring face.
text: His eyeballs are misshapen globs of burning white jelly blown
text: out of their sockets. The ATTENDING DOCTOR faints dead away.
text: Pandemonium now in the room. People shouting and hurrying to
text: exit, chairs falling over, women screaming:
speaker_heading: FAT LADY
dialog: Stop it, stop it, oh can't you see
dialog: he's had enough?
text: Hal grabs Paul by the shoulder, spins him around.
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: Why don't you shut it down?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: He's still alive! You want me to
dialog: shut down while he's still alive?
text: Hal is horrified at the thought. Del is jittering and
text: screaming, rocking from side to side, smoke pouring from his
text: nostrils and mouth, his tongue sizzling purple-black.
text: The witnesses are crowding and shoving to get out, but the
text: back door is locked. All they can do is cluster there.
text: Paul sees Percy with his head turned away. He grabs him,
text: forces his head around.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You watch, you son of a bitch!
text: Harry steps up, the extinguisher in his hands. Waiting. Del
text: finally slumps over. He still vibrating, but now it's just
text: the effect of current flowing through his body.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Kill it!
text: Van Hay kills the current. The HUMMING DIES. Brutal grabs the
text: extinguisher from Harry, shoves it into Percy's hands.
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: You do it. You're running the
dialog: show, ain't you?
text: Percy, sick and dazed, aims the extinguisher and hoses the
text: smoking corpse. Hal is near the back, calming the crowd:
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: It's all right, folks, it's all
dialog: under control. Just a power surge
dialog: from the storm, that's all,
dialog: nothing to worry about...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Dean, get doc's stethoscope.
text: Dean drops to the doctor's bag, digs through it, hands up the
text: stethoscope. Paul plugs them into his ears. People are
text: moaning and sobbing at the back of the room:
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Oh my God! Is it always like this?
dialog: Why didn't somebody tell me? I
dialog: never would have come!
text: Paul wipes some foam away from Delacroix's chest, places the
text: stethoscope pad to the raw flesh. He nods to Brutal--it's
dialog: over.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ACCESS TUNNEL - NIGHT
text: Paul and the others bring the stretcher down, lay the corpse
text: on the gurney. Percy starts stammering excuses:
speaker_heading: PERCY
dialog: I didn't know the sponge was
dialog: supposed to be wet--
text: Brutal hauls off and slugs him. A scuffle ensues as the
text: others grab Brutal and pull him off.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Brutal, no!
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: What do you mean, no? How can you
dialog: say no? You saw what he did!
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Delacroix's dead, nothing can
dialog: change that, and Percy's not worth
dialog: it!
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: So he just gets away with it? Is
dialog: that how it works?
text: Hal comes lunging down the stairs, furious:
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: What the fuck was that? Jesus
dialog: Christ, three witnesses puked all
dialog: over the floor up there! And the
dialog: smell! I got Van Hay to open both
dialog: doors, but that smell won't come
dialog: out for five damn years, that's
dialog: what I'm betting! And that asshole
dialog: Wharton is singing about it! I can
dialog: hear him!
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Can he carry a tune, Hal?
text: This pulls the plug on the moment--Hal snorts, triggering
text: laughter among the men, a wild release of tension and fear.
text: Everybody starts feeling a bit saner again as it dies down:
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: Okay, boys. Okay. Now what the
dialog: hell happened?
text: All eyes go to Percy. Hal turns, sees Percy's bloody lip.
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: Percy? Something to say?
speaker_heading: PERCY
dialog: I didn't know the sponge was
dialog: supposed to be wet.
text: Beat. A look of utter contempt from Hal.
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: How many years you spend pissing
dialog: on the toilet seat before somebody
dialog: told you to put it up?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Percy fucked up, Hal. Pure and
dialog: simple.
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: Is that your official position?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Don't you think it should be?
text: Hal considers it, nods.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: He'll be putting in a transfer
dialog: request to Briar Ridge tomorrow.
dialog: Moving on to bigger and better
dialog: things. Isn't that right, Percy?
text: Percy nods. Hal steps close, gives him a tight, icy smile.
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: You're a little asshole, and I
dialog: don't like you a bit.
dialog: (off Percy's look)
dialog: Have that transfer request on my
dialog: desk first thing.
text: Hal heads back up the stairs. Brutal shoves Percy aside and
text: wheels Delacroix's body down the tunnel.
scene_heading: INT. E BLOCK - NIGHT
text: Paul returns to find Wild Bill making up a song in his cell:
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: (singing)
dialog: Barbecue! Me and you! Stinky,
dialog: pinky, phew-phew-phew! Weren't
dialog: Billy or Jilly or Hilly or Roy--it
dialog: was a French-fried faggot named
dialog: Delacroix!
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You're about ten seconds away from
dialog: spending the rest of your life in
dialog: the padded room.
text: Billy falls silent. Paul continues down the Mile to Coffey's
text: cell. Coffey's on his bunk, face streaked with tears. He
text: wipes his eyes with the heels of his hands like an exhausted
dialog: child.
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: Poor Del. Poor old Del.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Yes. Poor old Del. John, are you
dialog: okay?
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: I could feel it from here.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: What do you mean? You could hear
dialog: it? Is that what you mean?
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: He's out of it now, though. He's
dialog: the lucky one. No matter how it
dialog: happened, Del's the lucky one.
text: Paul realizes he won't get a coherent answer.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Where's Mr. Jingles?
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: (points vaguely)
dialog: Ran down there. Don't think he'll
dialog: be back.
dialog: (beat)
text: Awful tired now, boss. Dog tired.
text: Coffey lays down, turns to face the wall.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Me too, John. Me too.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PAUL'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Paul enters in darkness, hangs his hat. He drifts into the
text: kitchen, clicks on the radio. SOFT MUSIC BEGINS: Gene Austin
dialog: singing "Did You Ever See A Dream Walking?"
text: He pours a drink at the kitchen table, takes a sip, lays the
text: glass down. Jan sleepily appears from the darkness behind
text: him, entering the kitchen. He realizes she's there, glances
dialog: back.
text: She can sense the weight on his soul. She comes to him, folds
text: his head into her arms. They stand that way, he drawing
text: strength and she giving it, as the music plays on...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: SEQUENCE WITH MUSIC:
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH - MORNING
text: CAMERA TRACKS the pews to find Paul and Jan seated together
text: in the congregation, voices raised in hymn...
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY ROAD - MORNING
text: Paul's Model T comes sputtering up the road. He and Jan are
text: taking a drive, still in their Sunday best...
scene_heading: EXT. HAL'S HOUSE - MORNING
text: Paul and Jan wait at the front door. Jan holds a baking dish.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I hate this.
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: I know.
text: The door opens. Hal, looking tired, ushers them inside...
scene_heading: EXT. BACKYARD - MORNING
text: ...and they walk outside to find MELINDA MOORES sitting in
text: the sun, frail and wasted, a blanket on her knees. She'd be
dialog: beautiful if not for the cancer killing her.
text: Paul is shocked at her appearance, hides it as best as he
text: can. Jan covers this for him--she drops to Melinda's side
text: with a warm smile and a kiss, takes the woman's frail hands
dialog: in hers.
text: Paul catches Jan's eye. The look he gives her says it all--I
dialog: don't know what I'd do without you...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
text: ...and we find Paul and Hal talking quietly over beers while
dialog: the women visit b.g.:
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: She's having one of her good days.
dialog: I thank God for that.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: What a bad day?
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Sometimes she's...not herself
text: anymore. She swears.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Swears.
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: It just pops out, the most awful
dialog: language you can imagine. She
text: doesn't even know she's doing it.
dialog: I didn't know she'd ever heard
dialog: words like that...and to hear her
dialog: say them in her sweet voice...
dialog: (gazes off)
dialog: I'm glad she's having a good day,
dialog: Paul. I'm glad for you and Jan.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. PAUL'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Paul is wide awake, staring at the dark. Jan can sense him
text: brooding. She rolls over sleepily.
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: Honey? If you don't say what's on
dialog: your mind, I'm afraid I'll have to
dialog: smother you with a pillow.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I'm thinking I love you. I'm
dialog: thinking I don't know what I'd do
dialog: if you were gone.
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: Oh.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'm also thinking I'd like to have
dialog: the boys over tomorrow.
dialog: Off Jan's look, we
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM- DAY
text: Brutal, Harry, and Dean are seated at the table with Paul and
text: Jan. Serving plates are being passes, everybody digging in:
speaker_heading: THE MEN
dialog: (various, ad-lib)
dialog: Ma'am, you sure know how to fry up
dialog: some fine chicken...Brutal, don't
dialog: hog the taters now...Try that corn
dialog: yet? It's something special...
dialog: Paul softly interjects:
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You saw what he did with the mouse.
text: This stops everybody cold. Dean puts his chicken down, wipes
text: his hands. Looks are traded in the silence.
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: I could'a gone the rest of the day
dialog: without you bringing that up.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: I could'a gone the rest of the
dialog: year.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: He did it to me too. He put his
dialog: hands on me and took my bladder
dialog: infection away.
text: The men absorb this. Brutal glances to Jan.
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: When he came home, he was...all
dialog: better.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: You're talking about an authentic
dialog: healing. A praise-Jesus miracle.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I am.
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: If you say it, I accept it. But
dialog: what's it got to do with us?
text: Jan looks to Paul, realization starting to dawn:
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: Melinda? Oh, Paul...
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: Melinda? Melinda Moores?
dialog: Paul nods--that's who we're talking about.
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: You really think you can help her?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: It's not a bladder infection, or
dialog: even a busted-up mouse. But there
dialog: might be a chance.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Hold on now. You're talking about
dialog: our jobs. Sneak a sick woman onto
dialog: a cellblock?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Hal would never allow that. You
dialog: know him, he wouldn't believe
dialog: something unless it fell on him.
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: So you're talking about taking
dialog: John Coffey to her. That's more
dialog: than just our jobs, Paul.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Damn right. That's prison time if
dialog: we get caught.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Let's not discuss this like it's
dialog: even an option. Brutal, help me
dialog: out here...
text: Brutal lets out a deep breath, considering. He looks to Paul.
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: I'm sure she's a fine woman...
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: The finest.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: What's happening to her is an
dialog: offense, Brutal. To the eyes and
dialog: the ears and the heart.
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: I have no doubt. But we don't know
dialog: her like you and Jan do...do we?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: That's why it's a lot to ask.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: It is. Let's not forget Coffey's
dialog: a murderer. What if he escapes?
dialog: I'd hate losing my job or going to
dialog: prison, but I'd hate having a dead
dialog: child on my conscience even more.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I don't think that'll happen...
dialog: (beat, softly)
dialog: ...in fact, I don't think he did
dialog: it at all.
text: The men are stunned by this. Off their looks:
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I just can't see God putting a
dialog: gift like that in the hands of a
dialog: man who would kill a child.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Well, that's a tender notion, but
dialog: the man's on death row for the
dialog: crime. Plus, he's huge. If he
dialog: tried to get away, it'd take a lot
dialog: of bullets to stop him.
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: We'd all have shotguns in addition
dialog: to sidearms. I'd insist on that.
dialog: (to Paul)
dialog: He tried anything, we'd have to
dialog: take him down. You understand.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I understand.
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: (beat)
dialog: So. Tell us what you had in mind.
speaker_heading: FADE TO BLACK
text: IN BLACKNESS, A TITLE CARD APPEARS:
dialog: "Night Journey"
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. INFIRMARY BUILDING/DISPENSARY - NIGHT
text: A FLASHLIGHT BEAM plays across a glass cabinet, scanning the
text: contents. The beam pauses. A hand enters frame, unlocks the
text: cabinet, pulls out a bottle of morphine tablets...
text: ...and WE ANGLE TO Brutal as he shakes half a dozen pills
text: onto his palm, pockets them, replaces the bottle on the
text: shelf. He turns and slips five bucks to a NIGHTSHIFT ORDERLY.
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: I was never here.
speaker_heading: ORDERLY
dialog: Shit, for five bucks, you was
dialog: never nowhere.
scene_heading: INT. E BLOCK ACCESS TUNNEL - NIGHT
text: A MORPHINE PILL is being crushed to powder on the stainless
text: steel gurney. TILT UP to Paul crushing the pills. Brutal
text: carefully scrapes the powder onto a small sheet of paper...
scene_heading: INT. PAUL'S INNER OFFICE - NIGHT
text: Percy is parked in Paul's chair with his feet up, reading a
dialog: book titled: "CARING FOR MENTAL PATIENTS."
scene_heading: INT. E BLOCK - NIGHT
text: Harry and Dean are playing cards at the duty desk, tension
text: thick, cards slapping softly as the seconds tick by. Paul and
text: Brutal finally show up toting bottles of RC cola:
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: Fellas thirsty? Fresh out of the
dialog: icebox.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Oh, thanks. That's swell.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Yeah, hot in here.
text: They begin popping the caps off, swigging cola. The sound of
text: it brings Billy to his bars.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Hey. Hey, I'm'a get some too.
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: My ass you get some too.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You think you deserve any?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (checks a clipboard)
dialog: Day report says he's been okay.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Hell, yes, I been behaved. C'mon,
dialog: now, don't be stingy hogs.
text: Paul shrugs to Brutal--why not? Brutal pops the top off a
text: bottle, passes it to Paul. Paul grabs a tin cup, sets it on
text: the desk...and we see it contains the morphine powder. He
text: pours the cola, swirls it around...
scene_heading: ANGLE THROUGH COFFEY'S BARS
text: ...as Coffey looks up, sensing something happening. He peers
dialog: up the Mile as Paul walks to:
speaker_heading: BILLY'S CELL
text: Billy reaches for the cup, but Paul keeps it out of reach.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You gonna stay behaved?
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: C'mon, you clunk, gimme that.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You promise me, or I'll drink it
dialog: myself right here in front of you.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: C'mon now, don't be that way. I be
dialog: good.
text: Paul lets him take the cup. Billy knocks it back, draining it
text: in three huge swallows. He lets out an awesome belch.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Cup.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: We'll break out the fire hose and
dialog: take it anyway. And you will have
dialog: drunk your last R.C. cola. Unless
dialog: they serve 'em down in hell.
text: Billy's smile fades. He hands the cup through the bars. Paul
text: takes it, turns and heads back to--
speaker_heading: THE DUTY DESK
dialog: --where Brutal, Harry, and Dean have been watching the entire
text: exchange with their hearts in their throats...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
text: ...and we find Billy staring glassy-eyed at the ceiling. He
text: keels over on his bunk. ANGLE to Paul and Brutal stepping to
dialog: the bars with Harry and Dean.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Anybody wants to back out, now's
dialog: the time. After this, there's no
dialog: turning back.
dialog: (off their looks)
dialog: So? We gonna do this?
text: A voice comes softly from down the way:
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: Sure. I'd like to take a ride.
text: Their heads come slowly around, staring at Coffey in shock.
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: (to Paul)
dialog: Guess were all in.
scene_heading: INT. PAUL'S OFFICE - NIGHT
text: Percy looks up from his book as the door opens. Paul enters
text: with Brutal and Harry, ominously hemming the desk.
speaker_heading: PERCY
dialog: What is this?
text: Paul pulls the canvas straitjacket from behind his back.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Payback.
text: Percy jumps up and tries to the execution chamber, but Harry
text: grabs him, spins him back. A wild scuffle ensues as:
speaker_heading: PERCY
dialog: Let go of me! Let go!
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Settle down, Percy!
text: Percy tries to jerk away, crashes into the desk. The book he
dialog: was reading falls to the floor--
text: --and a "Tijuana Bible" is revealed within the pages. It's a
dialog: pornographic cartoon book of the type popular in the '30's,
dialog: featuring crude drawings of famous cartoon characters or
dialog: movie stars engaged in outlandish sexual acts. This one has
dialog: Olive Oyl getting it doggy-style from Popeye. The word
text: balloon over his head features his famous laugh: "Uk-uk-uk-
dialog: uk!"
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: Oooo, Poicy! What would your
dialog: mother say?
speaker_heading: PERCY
dialog: Let go, you ignoramus! I know
dialog: people! Big people!
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: So you've said. C'mon, stick out
dialog: your arms like a good boy.
speaker_heading: PERCY
dialog: I won't. And you can't make me.
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: You're dead wrong about that, you
dialog: know.
text: Brutal grabs Percy by the ears, twisting hard. Percy lets out
text: a shriek--not just of pain, but a dismayed understanding that
dialog: he's not going to bluster his way out of this one.
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: You gonna put your arms up? I'll
dialog: rip your ears off. Use 'em for tea
dialog: caddies. You know I will.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: The man's ripping your ears off,
dialog: Percy. I'd do as he says.
text: Percy jerks his arms up before him. They get the straitjacket
text: on him within seconds. Percy turns to Paul on the verge of
dialog: tears. Softly:
speaker_heading: PERCY
dialog: Please, Paul. Don't put me in with
dialog: Wild Bill. Please.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You would think that.
text: Paul gives him a hard, angry shove...
scene_heading: INT. E BLOCK - NIGHT
text: ...and they bring him down the Mile to the restraint room
text: door. Brutal takes Percy's holster and baton.
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: You'll get 'em back, don't worry.
speaker_heading: PERCY
dialog: That's more than I can say about
dialog: your jobs. All your jobs! You
dialog: can't do this to me! You can't!
text: Paul steps forward with a roll of strapping tape.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Let you in on a little secret. We
dialog: can and we are.
text: He slaps the tape over Percy's mouth and shoves him back into
text: the restraint room. Percy stands breathing heavily through
text: his nose, making muffled mmmmph-mmmph! sounds under the tape.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You're going to have a few hours
dialog: of quiet time now, so you can
dialog: reflect on what you did to Del.
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: (grins)
dialog: If you get lonely, think about
dialog: Olive Oyl...
dialog: (thrusting his hips)
dialog: ...uk-uk-uk-uk!
text: And they slam the door, shutting Percy into darkness.
scene_heading: A WALL-MOUNTED GUN SAFE
text: is unlocked, shotguns pulled out. The men load up, heading
dialog: down the Mile as:
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: One more time--what do you say if
dialog: somebody comes by?
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Coffey got upset, so we put him in
dialog: the restraint room. They hear any
dialog: noise, they'll think it's him.
text: They come to Coffey's cell.
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: We goan for the ride now?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: That's right.
text: The cell is unlocked. Coffey emerges. Paul motions them
dialog: along, still grilling Dean:
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: What about us?
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: You're over in Admin, going over
text: Del's file. Brutal and Harry are
dialog: in the laundry doing their wash--
text: A skinny white arm suddenly shoots out from Wild Bill's cell
text: and grabs Coffey by the wrist. The men gasp, shocked to see
text: Billy on his feet, grinning and weaving like a punch-drunk.
text: Coffey's reaction is beyond simple surprise; he's actually
text: trembling at Billy's touch as if some electrical circuit were
text: engaged. His eyes are wide and horrified, as if he'd just put
text: his hand in a basket full of snakes. He tries to pull away,
text: but Billy has him tight, that mysterious circuit blazing.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: (slurring wildly)
dialog: Where you fink you're goin'?
text: Coffey responds softly, with utmost horror:
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: You're a bad man.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: S'right, nigger. Bad as you'd want.
text: Paul plucks Billy's hand off Coffey's arm--and Coffey
text: flinches back as the circuit is broken.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Whooeee. Whole room's spinning.
dialog: Like I'm shit-ass drunk. I have me
dialog: some shine or what?
text: He turns and staggers back to his bunk, muttering all the way:
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Niggers oughtta have they own
dialog: 'lectric chair. White man oughtn't
dialog: havta sit in no nigger 'lectric
dialog: chair, nossir...
text: He goes face-first onto his bunk. Coffey is still staring.
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: He's a bad man.
scene_heading: INT. EXECUTION CHAMBER - NIGHT
text: Coffey is brought in...and freezes in horror at the sight of
dialog: Old Sparky. A whisper:
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: They're still in there. Pieces of
dialog: them, still in there. I hear them
dialog: screaming.
text: All eyes go to the electric chair. It sits shrouded in shadow
dialog: like an ominous throne. Never before has this place felt so
text: haunted to the men. It makes the hairs on the neck stand up.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: John, come along! Right now,
dialog: y'hear? C'mon! Toward that door!
text: Coffey finally responds, pulling away...
scene_heading: INT. E BLOCK ACCESS TUNNEL - NIGHT
text: ...and they come down the steps. They realize Coffey will
text: have to stoop all the way down the tunnel. Paul pats the
dialog: gurney.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Lie down on this.
dialog: (off Coffey's look)
dialog: It'll be easier for you and no
dialog: harder for us.
text: Coffey eases carefully onto the gurney, lying on his back.
text: His knees hang over the edge and his toes touch the ground,
text: but it works. They push him along, traversing the pools of
dialog: light.
text: Coffey actually starts to smile. He reaches out his arms,
text: fingertips touching the tunnel walls as they go by.
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: Say. This is fun.
scene_heading: EXT. PRISON WALL - NIGHT
text: A massive iron door SQUEALS open onto a little-used fenced
text: enclosure. Paul and the others bring Coffey up from the
text: tunnel below, emerging into the night. Coffey's breath
text: catches as he gazes wondrously up at the stars, pointing:
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: Look, boss! It's Cassie, the lady
dialog: in the rocking chair!
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Shhh. John, you have to be quiet
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: You see her? You see the lady?
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: We see her, John.
text: Harry goes first, hugging the shadows as he pulls his keys to
dialog: unlock the gate...
speaker_heading: WIDE SHOT OF PRISON
text: ...while TOWER GUARDS huddle in their enclosure atop the
text: walls. An occasional SPOTLIGHT cuts the darkness. FIREFLIES
text: dance in the fields and trees as far as the eye can see.
text: Four dark figures detach from the shadows, hurrying across
text: the lonely country road into the fields on the far side...
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - NIGHT
text: Coffey's hand scoops up some fallen leaves. TILT UP to his
text: face as he crunches them under his nose, inhaling their smell.
text: He see the guards throwing him anxious looks. He misreads
text: this, holds out his hand so they can smell too. They do it,
dialog: just to make him happy.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: C'mon, big boy, keep moving.
text: A FEW FIREFLIES come winking through frame as the group
dialog: presses on...
speaker_heading: ANOTHER AREA/WOODS
text: The trees are growing sparser, opening onto fields. MORE
text: FIREFLIES are flitting into view, trailing in their wake...
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: How far is it?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Just up ahead...
text: Harry brings them to a thicket of trees. They start removing
text: branches and boughs, uncovering a battered old FARMALL TRUCK
text: hidden in the brush.
text: The men pause. Even more fireflies are swirling around them,
dialog: growing in number. It's getting downright weird.
text: Coffey laughs softly, drawing their attention. A childlike
text: smile has utterly transformed his face. He raises his hand,
text: letting a firefly weave playfully in and out of his fingers.
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: Hey there, little firefly. Where's
dialog: Mrs. Firefly this evening?
text: Another firefly joins the first, both now dancing and
text: blinking around his fingers. Coffey laughs again.
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: Oh, there you is. You come out to
dialog: play too?
text: The men stand gaping. The fireflies are flitting to Coffey as
text: if to a beacon. He waves his hands slowly, fireflies blinking
text: and trailing from his fingertips like magic dust.
text: They begin orbiting his shiny bald head like tiny glowing
text: planet orbiting a sun, their light kicking a mellow sheen off
text: his ebony skin. Coffey's eyes meet Paul's.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: They seem...drawn to you.
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: I love 'em, is why. They don't
dialog: think no hurtful thoughts. They's
dialog: just happy to be. Happy little
dialog: lightning bugs...
text: The men don't know whether to be enchanted or terrified.
dialog: Harry gives Paul a look--can we go? Please?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: C'mon, big boy. Upsy-daisy.
text: Coffey clambers up on the stakebed. Paul and Brutal join him.
text: Harry gets in behind the wheel, jabs the starter button...
speaker_heading: ON THE STAKEBED
text: ...while Coffey sits with his back to the cab.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: John? Do you know where we're
dialog: taking you?
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: Help a lady?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: That's right. Help a lady. But how
dialog: did you know?
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: Dunno. Tell the truth, boss, I
dialog: don't know much'a anything. Never
dialog: have.
text: The truck pulls out. Coffey waves as the fireflies get left
text: behind, dwindling away like stars.
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: Bye, fireflies. Bye.
scene_heading: WIDE ANGLE OF COUNTRYSIDE
text: The truck rumbles from the fields onto a dirt road, countless
text: fireflies swirling in its wake...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MOORES HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Headlights come over the rise. The truck appears, rumbling
text: down toward the house. The world is isolated and still.
speaker_heading: IN THE TRUCK CAB
text: Harry stops and cuts the engine, leaving the headlights on.
text: Silence now, save for the trilling of crickets.
text: IN THE STAKEBED
text: Paul and Brutal both look terrified now that they're actually
dialog: here. An urgent whisper:
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: We can still turn back.
dialog: Paul hesitates, wanting to do just that, but:
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: Boss, look. Someone's up.
text: Lights are coming on inside the house. Coffey rises and steps
text: down from the truck, pulling Paul along. Brutal follows them.
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: This is a mistake. Christ, Paul,
dialog: what were we thinking?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Too late now. Harry, keep John
dialog: here until we call you.
text: Paul and Brutal walk to the front door as the lights inside
text: the house keep clicking on. The last one finally comes on
text: over the stoop, the front door opens a crack...and the twin
text: barrels of a shotgun poke out into the night.
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: Who the hell goes there at two-
dialog: thirty in the goddamn morning?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Hal, it's us! It's Paul and
dialog: Brutal--it's us!
text: The door swings wider, revealing Hal's face gaunt and haggard
text: in the yellow porch light, stunned to see them:
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: Paul, what are you doing here at
dialog: this hour? Jesus, it's not a
dialog: lockdown, is it? Or a riot?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Hal, God's sakes, take your finger
dialog: off the trigger...
text: Hal doesn't, aiming past them at the truck in the yard.
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: Are you hostages? Who's out there?
dialog: Who's by that truck?
text: Coffey steps into the glare of headlights with Harry tugging
text: on his arm, trying to hold him back. Hal cocks both hammers.
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: John Coffey! Halt! Halt right
dialog: there or I shoot!
text: His aim wavers as a woman's voice comes from upstairs:
speaker_heading: MELINDA (O.S.)
dialog: Hal? Who are you talking to, you
dialog: fucking cocksucker?
text: A frozen moment. Hal mortified. Paul gives him a look--is
dialog: that Melinda?
text: Hal's shotgun shifts back to Coffey--but Paul steps in front
dialog: of the muzzle.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: No one's hurt. We're here to help.
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: Help what? I don't understand. Is
dialog: this a prison break?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I can't explain what it is. You
dialog: just have to trust me.
text: Coffey comes up the steps, brushes Paul aside, stops before
text: the warden. Hal blinks, his thoughts suddenly fuzzy--it's
dialog: that benign hypnotic effect Coffey has.
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: What do you...want?
speaker_heading: MELINDA
dialog: Hal! Make them go away! No
text: salesmen in the middle of the
dialog: night! No Fuller brushes! No
dialog: French knickers with come in the
dialog: crotch! Tell them to take a flying
dialog: fuck in a rolling d...d...
text: We hear the sound of GLASS BREAKING, then she begins to sob.
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: (a whisper)
dialog: Just to help. Just to help, boss,
dialog: that's all.
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: You can't. No one can.
text: Coffey pulls the shotgun gently from Hal's grasp, hands it to
text: Paul. Coffey moves past Hal into the house...
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - NIGHT
text: ...and comes up the hallway toward the stairs.
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: Don't you go up there! Don't you
dialog: do it!
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: Boss, you just be quiet now and
dialog: let me be.
text: Coffey mounts the stairs with the others at his heels,
text: heading up toward that quavering voice:
speaker_heading: MELINDA (O.S.)
dialog: Stay out of here! Whoever you are,
dialog: just stay out! I'm not dressed for
dialog: visitors, you rat's asshole!
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Coffey enters, trailed by the others. Paul pauses, horrified.
text: The woman propped in bed barely resembles Melinda Moores
text: anymore--she looks made up like a Halloween witch, her livid
text: skin hanging in a loose trail of wrinkles, one corner of her
text: mouth twisted. Yellowish bile stains her chin and the front
text: of her nightgown. Her hair has gone white and straw-like, her
text: eyes glowering at Coffey with lively, irrational interest:
speaker_heading: MELINDA
dialog: Oh, so big! Pull down your pants!
dialog: Let's have a look!
text: Hal groans with despair. Coffey just stands there for a
text: moment, watching her from a distance, then approaches the
dialog: bed...
speaker_heading: MELINDA
dialog: Don't come near me, pigfucker.
text: ...but as he draws closer, a change occurs. Her features
text: soften, her eyes become more sane and aware.
speaker_heading: MELINDA
dialog: Why do you have so many scars? Who
dialog: hurt you so badly?
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: Don't hardly remember, ma'am.
text: Coffey sits on the edge of the bed. The lights seem to flare
text: hotter and brighter. Tears are forming in Melinda's eyes.
speaker_heading: MELINDA
dialog: What's your name?
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: John Coffey, ma'am. Like the
dialog: drink, only not spelt the same.
text: She lays back, staring at him with shining fascination. The
text: world seems to be slowing down, growing very still indeed...
text: ...and he starts bending slowly toward her.
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: Ma'am?
speaker_heading: MELINDA
dialog: Yes, John Coffey?
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: I see it. I see it.
text: He comes closer...closer still...
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: You be still now. You be so quiet
dialog: and so still.
text: He brushes her forehead with his lips...the gentlest whisper
text: of a kiss...then moves his mouth down to hers. For a moment
text: we can see one of her eyes staring past him, filling with an
dialog: expression of surprise...
text: ...and then her face is lost to view as Coffey puts his lips
text: on hers. We hear a soft whistling sound as he begins inhaling
text: the air deeply from her lungs. Something hot and glowing
text: starts passing between them, drawn on his breath...
text: The men watch. The house seems to shudder in that moment, as
dialog: if the entire world has shifted an inch to the right...
speaker_heading: DOWNSTAIRS PARLOR
text: ...and the grandfather clock stops ticking, the pendulum
text: stopping dead, the glass face cracking neatly up the center...
speaker_heading: BEDROOM
text: ...and a windowpane cracks. Then another. A picture falls off
text: the wall. A lightbulb bursts, showering glass.
text: Paul smells smoke, realizes the fringed coverlet of the bed
text: has caught fire. Moving like a man in a dream, he reaches for
text: the waterglass on the nightstand, douses the flames.
text: Coffey keeps kissing Melinda in that deep and mysterious way,
text: inhaling and inhaling, her hand held in his like a tiny white
text: bird. For a moment we actually hear something screaming, as
dialog: if some willful imp were being extracted by force...
text: ...and then it's over. Coffey raises his head, revealing:
text: Melinda's beautiful face. Her mouth no longer droops. Color
text: is coming back to her hair. Her skin is shining with life.
text: Coffey regards her raptly for a moment or two, then starts
dialog: coughing violently.
text: He turns away and drops to his knees, hacking like a man in
dialog: the last stages of tuberculosis.
text: Paul and his men are expecting Coffey to spit out the "bugs",
text: but he doesn't--he just keeps coughing, deep and hard, barely
text: finding time to snatch in the next breath of air.
text: Hal goes to his wife, beyond stunned, sits at her side. She
text: looks back at him with amazement, her face like a dirty
text: mirror that's been suddenly wiped clean.
text: John's coughing grows even worse. Brutal drops to his side
text: and slaps his broad, spasming back.
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: John! Sick it up! Cough 'em out
dialog: like you done before!
text: Coffey just keeps retching, eyes watering from the strain,
text: spit flying from his mouth.
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: He's choking! Whatever he sucked
dialog: out of her, he's choking on it!
text: Paul starts toward them. Coffey crawls away, pressing himself
text: into a corner with his face against the wallpaper. He's still
text: making gruesome deep hacking sounds, but getting it under
text: control. He weakly waves Paul off--let me be.
text: Paul looks to the bed. Hal sits with Melinda, stroking her
text: brow. Color is blooming in her cheeks even as we watch.
speaker_heading: MELINDA
dialog: How did I get here? We were going
dialog: to the hospital in Indianola,
dialog: weren't we? We stopped and you
dialog: bought me a packet of posies...
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: Shhh. It doesn't matter. It
dialog: doesn't matter anymore.
speaker_heading: MELINDA
dialog: Did I have the X-ray? Did I
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Yes.
text: They both look at him.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: It was clear. There was no tumor.
text: Hal bursts into tears. Melinda sits up, comforting him. Her
text: eyes are drawn to the corner.
speaker_heading: MELINDA
dialog: Who is that man?
text: Coffey is struggling to rise. Brutal does his best to help.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: John? Can you turn around? Can you
dialog: turn around and see this lady?
text: Coffey turns. His face is ashen gray, seriously ill.
speaker_heading: MELINDA
dialog: What's your name?
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: John Coffey, ma'am.
speaker_heading: MELINDA
dialog: Like the drink, only not spelled
dialog: the same.
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: No, ma'am. Not spelt the same at
dialog: all.
text: She pushes the covers aside to rise. Hal tries to stop her...
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: Melly, no...
text: ...but she pushes his hand gently aside. Hal watches in
text: wonder as she stands, takes a first tentative step...and
text: walks to Coffey. She gazes up and touches his face.
speaker_heading: MELINDA
dialog: I dreamed of you. I dreamed you
dialog: were wandering in the dark, and so
dialog: was I. We found each other. We
dialog: found each other in the dark.
text: She undoes her necklace, holds it up for him. He hesitates,
text: glances to Paul. Paul nods--it's all right. Coffey lowers his
text: head. Melinda affixes the delicate chain around his neck.
speaker_heading: MELINDA
dialog: It's St. Christopher. I want you
dialog: to have it, Mr. Coffey, and wear
dialog: it. He'll keep you safe. Please
dialog: wear it for me.
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: Thank you, ma'am.
speaker_heading: MELINDA
dialog: Thank you, John.
text: Her arms go around his neck, hugging him tightly as if she
dialog: might never let go.
scene_heading: EXT. MOORES HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Paul and the men hustle Coffey out the front door toward the
text: truck, helping him as best they can. He's weak as a baby,
text: knees threatening to give out at any moment.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: C'mon, John, stay on your feet.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Christ, he goes down, we'll need
text: three mules and a crane to pick
dialog: him up again...
text: They get Coffey to the truck and throw their backs into it,
text: helping him crawl up onto the stakebed. He rolls over on his
text: back. Harry hops up, covers him with an old blanket. Brutal
dialog: pulls aside, speaking low:
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: He'll never sit in Old Sparky. You
dialog: know that, don't you?
dialog: (off Paul's look)
dialog: He swallowed that stuff for a
dialog: reason. I give him a few days. One
dialog: of us'll be doing a cell check and
text: there he'll be. Dead on his bunk.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: If that's his choice, he's earned
dialog: it.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Let's get him back on the Mile.
speaker_heading: FADE TO BLACK
text: IN BLACKNESS, A TITLE CARD APPEARS:
dialog: "Coffey on the Mile"
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. E BLOCK - NIGHT
text: Dean starts babbling with relief as they return:
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Am I glad to see you! You were
dialog: gone so long! Wild Bill's making
dialog: noises like he's gonna wake up...
dialog: (notices Coffey)
dialog: What the hell's wrong with him?
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
text: He's hurting, Dean. Hurting bad.
text: Dean jumps in, helps them steer Coffey into his cell.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: John, we're gonna set you on your
dialog: bunk now. Ready?
text: Coffey nods, sits heavily on the bunk. He lowers his head,
text: breath rasping like a rusted hinge. The guards step out.
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: What about Mrs. Moores? Was it
dialog: like the mouse? Was it a...you
dialog: know...a miracle?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Yes. Yes it was.
text: Paul scans their faces. Smiles are traded. An exultant beat.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Damn. I think we got away with it.
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: We still gotta convince a certain
dialog: somebody to keep his trap shut.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Get his stuff.
text: Dean hurries off to retrieve Percy's holster and baton.
text: Brutal unlocks the restraint room door, swings it open. Percy
text: is revealed sitting against the wall, glaring, his mouth
text: still taped. Paul crouches down. Brutal joins him.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I want to talk, not shout. I take
dialog: the tape off, you gonna be calm.
text: Percy nods. Paul takes hold of the tape, preparing to yank.
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: My mother always said if you do it
dialog: fast, it won't hurt so much.
text: Paul rips the tape off. Percy's eyes water with pain.
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: I guess she was wrong.
speaker_heading: PERCY
dialog: Get me out of this nut-coat.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: In a minute.
speaker_heading: PERCY
dialog: Now! Now! Right n--
text: Paul slaps him hard, knocks him sideways. Percy looks up,
text: blinking in surprise. Paul grabs him, yanks him back up.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You shut up and listen. You
dialog: deserved to be punished for what
dialog: you did to Del. You'll accept it
dialog: like a man, or we'll make you
dialog: sorry you were ever born. We'll
dialog: tell people how you sabotaged
dialog: Del's execution--
speaker_heading: PERCY
dialog: Sabotaged!
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: --and how you pissed yourself like
dialog: a frightened little girl. Yes,
dialog: we'll talk, that's a given--but,
dialog: Percy, mind me now...we'll also
dialog: see you beaten within an inch of
dialog: your life.
text: Percy blinks, unable to grasp that.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: We know people, too, are you so
dialog: foolish you don't realize that?
dialog: People with friends and loved ones
dialog: doing time in this prison. People
dialog: who'd be happy to amputate you
dialog: nose or your penis just so someone
dialog: they care about could get an extra
dialog: three hours in the exercise yard
dialog: every week.
dialog: (off Percy's look)
dialog: Let bygones be bygones. Nothing's
dialog: hurt so far but your pride...and
dialog: nobody need ever know about that
dialog: except the people in this room.
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: What happens on the Mile, stays on
dialog: the Mile. Always has.
text: A long pause. Softly:
speaker_heading: PERCY
dialog: May I be let out of this coat now?
text: They pull him to his feet, undo the straps. He shrugs out of
text: the straitjacket and adjusts his clothes, trying to maintain
text: a shred of dignity.
speaker_heading: PERCY
dialog: My things?
text: Dean hands them over. Percy smooths his hair and puts his hat
text: on, starts strapping on his holster belt.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Think it over, Percy.
speaker_heading: PERCY
dialog: Oh, I intend to. I intend to think
dialog: about it very hard. Starting right
dialog: now.
text: Percy exits the restraint room. Brutal whispers to Paul:
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: He'll talk. Sooner or later.
dialog: Paul nods with weary resignation--yeah, I know.
speaker_heading: ON THE MILE
text: Percy pauses near Coffey's cell, careless as always, getting
text: his holster buckled--and a massive black arm grabs him
text: through the bars. His SCREAM brings Paul and the others from
dialog: the restraint room.
text: Coffey's face is pressed so tight between his bars it looks
text: like he's trying to push his head through. He draws his lips
text: back, baring his teeth in an awful sneer...
text: Percy whacks him with his baton. Coffey barely seems to feel
text: it. He curls his free hand around the back of Percy's head,
text: pulling him ever closer...
text: ...and Percy's screams are muffled as their mouths come
text: together. Coffey begins exhaling as if he'd held his breath
text: for hours. Percy jerks like a fish on a hook, but can't get
text: away. The men jump in, try to pry Percy loose, hollering for
text: Coffey to let him go.
text: The black "insects" are flowing from Coffey to Percy,
text: swirling into his mouth, up his nose, down his throat.
text: Several lightbulbs explode in their steel cages up and down
text: the Mile. Percy's baton drops from his nerveless fingers and
text: clatters to the floor, never to be picked up again.
text: And then Coffey steps back, rubbing his mouth as if he's
text: tasted something bad. The color has returned to his skin.
text: Percy, however, is ashen gray. His expression is blank as a
text: sheet of paper, not a trace of awareness in his eyes.
text: The men are stunned. Paul raises his hand to Percy's face,
text: snaps his fingers. Nothing. He tries again, clapping loudly.
text: Percy reacts slightly, eyes fluttering, swaying a bit.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Easy, easy. You all right?
text: Percy says nothing. He turns and walks slowly up the Mile,
text: his movements vacant and disjointed. He comes to a swaying
text: stop at Wild Bill's cell...and turns slowly to look in.
text: Wild Bill is coming painfully around, groggily clutching his
text: head. He looks up, see Percy.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: What'a you looking at, you limp
dialog: noodle? You wanna kiss my ass or
dialog: suck my dick?
text: Nothing for the longest moment. Percy just staring...
text: ...and then he pulls his gun and empties it into Wild Bill as
text: fast as he can pull the trigger. BAM!BAM!BAM!BAM!BAM!BAM!
text: Bill takes all six rounds in the chest, reeling back across
text: the cell. He hits the wall and slides down, leaving a smear,
text: his face registering a final look of stunned surprise.
text: Paul and the other tackle Percy and bring him down, wrestling
text: the gun out of his hand. Dean is almost weeping:
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Oh God, oh God, no...
text: Percy is flat on his back, staring up at nothing. The black
text: "bugs" come drifting out of nose and mouth, swirling in the
text: air over his head. They turn white and disappear.
text: The men are speechless. Paul turns, sees Coffey sitting on
text: the floor at his bars, watching.
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: Punished them bad men.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Why Wild Bill? Why?
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: I saw in his heart. When he grab
dialog: my arm, I saw what Wild Billy
dialog: done. Saw plain as day. Can't hide
dialog: what's in your heart.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: What? Saw what?
text: Coffey reaches toward him, straining through the bars.
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: Take my hand, boss. You see for
dialog: yourself.
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: Paul, no!
text: Paul hesitates, torn between reason and Coffey's pleading
dialog: eyes. A whisper:
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: My hand.
text: Paul can't help it. He has to. Their hands come together.
text: Paul lurches wildly as that circuit starts blazing between
dialog: them...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: No...please...
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: Gots to, boss. Gots to give you a
dialog: little bit of myself. A gift,
dialog: like. A gift of what's in me so
dialog: you can see...
dialog: ...and Paul sees:
text: The Detterick twins. Kathe and Cora. Laughing and playing
text: hopscotch in the dust under a later afternoon sun...
text: A dinner table. Family having supper late in the day, basket
text: of biscuits being passed. Twelve year old Howie Detterick
dialog: taking it, passing it on...
text: An hand with a paint brush slopping bright red paint on the
dialog: side of a barn...
text: Kathe skipping to the head of the hopscotch squares, turning
text: and starting back, laughing in the sun...
text: The paint brush slopping more paint, dripping like blood...
text: Paul jerks and twists, trying to pull away, trying to break
dialog: the circuit, but he can't, not till all is seen and done:
dialog: Marjorie Detterick calling from the porch for everybody to
dialog: come eat, supper's ready...
text: A hammer pausing. Klaus looking down from atop the barn...
text: The Detterick twins finishing their hopscotch, gathering
text: their jump ropes from the dust, running across the yard...
text: The basket of biscuits being passed to little Cora, who takes
text: a biscuit and passes it on...
text: Klaus coming down the ladder, calling to his daughters. The
text: little girls running past the man with the paint brush, who
text: turns and smile as they go by...it's Wild Bill.
text: The basket of biscuits is passed one last time. A hand pulls
text: one out, raises it for a bite. It's Wild Bill, smiling at the
text: little girls as conversation flows around the table...
text: Paul screams, trying to pull away, but:
text: The porch door is kicked off its hinges just before dawn, a
text: figure looming in the doorway. Kathe wakes, her scream cut
text: short as the man's fist punches her hard in the face...
text: Paul trembles violently as if riding the lightning himself,
dialog: pleading for it to stop, but there's one last thing:
text: Wild Bill looms over the terrified little girls like a
text: horrendous boogeyman, whispers to Kathe:
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: You lover your sister? You make
dialog: any noise, know what happens? I'll
dialog: kill her instead of you.
dialog: (to Cora)
dialog: And if you make any noise, I'll
dialog: kill her.
text: And he drags them out into the coming dawn...
text: ...as Coffey lets Paul go. Paul is gasping, back in the real
text: world where his men are staring at him with wide eyes.
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: He kill 'em with they love. They
dialog: love for each other. You see how
dialog: it is?
text: Paul nods, numb. Tears are flowing down Coffey's face. Softly:
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: That's how it is ever' day. That's
dialog: how it is all over the worl'...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: WILD BILL
text: lies dead, staring with glassy eyes. A FLASHBULB POPS,
text: rimming him with harsh blue light...
scene_heading: INT. E BLOCK - DAWN
text: ...as Hal arrives, wearing his pajama top under his overcoat.
text: He sees the POLICE PHOTOGRAPHER taking pictures. The guards
text: are giving statements to GROUPS OF COPS, everybody murmuring:
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: ...well, I dunno, he just snapped,
dialog: I guess...
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: ...s'right, one minute he's fine,
dialog: the next--blammo...
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: ...bastard grabbed him through the
dialog: bars a few days back, scared the
dialog: boy so bad he wet himself...
dialog: Hal turns, sees:
speaker_heading: PERCY
text: sits handcuffed on the floor of the Mile, eyes glassier than
text: Wild Bill's. TWO COPS are trying to snap him out of it:
speaker_heading: COP #1
dialog: Son! Son! Can you hear me?
speaker_heading: COP #2
dialog: Speak up if you can hear us! We
dialog: gotta ask you some questions!
text: A MEDIC is raising Percy's eyelid with his thumb, shining a
text: penlight, getting no reaction.
speaker_heading: MEDIC
dialog: I think this boy's cheese slid off
dialog: his cracker.
speaker_heading: HAL
text: sees Paul, motions him aside to talk privately:
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: I'll cover you as much as I can,
dialog: even if it mean my job, but I have
dialog: to know. Does this have anything
dialog: to do with what happened at my
dialog: house? Does it, Paul?
text: Paul looks Hal in the eye. As with Bitterbuck, the lie comes
dialog: easy:
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - DAY
text: TRACKING A PAIR OF FEET shuffling into the room in hospital
text: slippers, escorted by TWO ORDERLIES. The patient is brought
text: to a window. The orderlies turn to leave...
text: ...and we BOOM UP to reveal Percy, catatonic, staring out the
dialog: same window where we met Wild Bill...
scene_heading: EXT. HOSPITAL - DAY
text: ...and we WIDEN SLOWLY from Percy at the window to reveal his
text: last stop in life. It's emblazoned on the gate: BRIAR RIDGE
text: MENTAL HOSPITAL. He finally got that transfer.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PAUL'S HOUSE - DUSK
dialog: TIGHT ON PAUL as softly:
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: It makes sense. I read the file.
dialog: Hal even said it himself. Wharton
dialog: rambled all over the state last
dialog: few years, causing trouble. Hell,
dialog: longer than that. Been at it since
dialog: he was ten. Vandalism. Petty
dialog: theft. Setting fires.
dialog: ANGLE SHIFTS to include Jan, Brutal, Harry and Dean. They're
text: in the brambly patch that borders the woods behind the house.
text: The sun is setting, turning the horizon fiery.
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: You saw him. You actually saw this
dialog: Wild Bill person take those girls.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Their father hired him on for a
dialog: few days last spring, help repair
dialog: the barn. Cheap labor, just
dialog: another drifter...
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: Only not.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Sick bastard came back a month
dialog: later, just before dawn. Took the
dialog: girls...did what he did. Coffey
dialog: found them afterwards and tried to
dialog: help. It was too late.
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: (absorbs this)
dialog: Then you can stop it. The
dialog: execution, I mean. Get Coffey a
dialog: new trial.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Based on what, honey? Some kind of
dialog: magical vision I had?
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: Show this farmer--what's his name,
dialog: Detterick?--show him a picture of
dialog: Wild Bill.
dialog: (off their looks)
dialog: Why not? If Wharton was there...if
dialog: the farmer can identify his
dialog: picture and they know he was
dialog: there...
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: Him being there in May doesn't
dialog: mean he came back and killed those
dialog: girls in June. Even if he was
dialog: committing other crimes.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: They got their killer as far as
dialog: they're concerned.
dialog: Hell, Coffey's own lawyer would
dialog: come throw the switch if we let
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: Then lie.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Lie? About what?
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: Tell them Wharton confessed to the
dialog: crime. Brutus, you can back him
dialog: up, say you heard it too. You can
dialog: say that's what set Percy off. He
dialog: shot Wharton because he couldn't
dialog: stand thinking of what happened to
dialog: those two little girls, it snapped
dialog: his mind...
dialog: (seeing their looks)
dialog: ...what? What now?
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: We never reported anything like
dialog: that. We would've, too, everybody
dialog: knows it. It's part of our job.
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: Besides, confessing don't make it
dialog: so. Slugs like Wild Bill lie about
dialog: everything. Crimes they committed,
dialog: women they had, even the weather.
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: But he was there! He painted their
dialog: barn! He ate dinner with them!
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: All the more reason he might take
dialog: credit for the crime. He's gonna
dialog: fry anyway, so why not boast?
text: Jan stands thinking for a moment, then:
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: All right. Then you've got to get
dialog: John Coffey out on your own.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Ma'am?
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: You did it once, didn't you? Only
dialog: this time, don't bring him back.
text: Dean blinks, stunned by this notion. Gently:
speaker_heading: DEAN
dialog: Ma'am, your son's grown up and
dialog: moved away. My kids are just
dialog: starting kindergarten. Will you be
dialog: the one to explain to them why
dialog: their daddy's in prison?
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: Work out a plan. Make it look like
dialog: a real escape.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Better be a plan an imbecile could
dialog: dream up. Nobody'd believe it
dialog: otherwise.
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: Even if we did think of something,
dialog: it wouldn't do any good.
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: Why not? Just why the hell not?
speaker_heading: PAUL
text: Because he's a six-foot-eight-inch
dialog: baldheaded black man with barely
dialog: enough brains to feed himself. How
dialog: long you think it'd be before he
dialog: was recaptured? Two hours? Six?
text: Jan swipes a tear away with the heel of her hand. Softly:
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: Do you mean to kill him, you
dialog: cowards? Do you?
text: Paul tries to take her hand. She wrenches away, furious.
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: Don't touch me! Next week this
dialog: time you'll be a murderer, no
dialog: better than that man Wharton, so
dialog: don't touch me!
text: She runs off toward the house, starting to sob as we
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT PAUL'S KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Paul is at the kitchen table in the wee hours, at his regular
text: place, sipping his beer. Irving Berlin's "Remember" PLAYS
text: SOFTLY on the radio. Jan comes down, looking miserable and
dialog: exhausted.
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: I'm so sorry I called you a
dialog: coward. I feel worse about that
dialog: than anything I've ever said to
dialog: you in our whole marriage.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Even that time we went camping and
dialog: you called me Old Stinky Sam?
text: She can't help smiling at that. He returns the smile, offers
text: her a sip of beer. She takes it, sits.
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: Does Hal know? That Coffey's
dialog: innocent, I mean?
dialog: (Paul shakes his head)
dialog: Can he help? Does he have the
dialog: influence to do something about
dialog: this?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: Then don't tell him. If he can't
dialog: help, don't tell him. Ever.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I won't.
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: (beat)
dialog: There's no way out of this for
dialog: you, is there?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: No. I've been thinking about it,
dialog: too, believe me.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Tell you the truth, honey. I've
dialog: done some things in my life I'm
dialog: not proud of, but this is the
dialog: first time I've ever felt in real
dialog: danger of hell.
speaker_heading: JAN
dialog: Hell? Oh Paul...
dialog: (touches his face)
dialog: Talk to him. Talk to John. Find
dialog: out what he wants.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. E BLOCK - NIGHT
text: Coffey sits quietly in his cell, a solitary firefly flitting
text: in circles around his finger. Paul and the men appear. The
text: firefly flits away, vanishing through Coffey's tiny window.
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: Hello, boss.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Hello, John.
text: Brutal unlocks his cell. Paul enters.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I guess you know we're coming down
dialog: to it now. Another couple of days.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Is there anything special you'd
dialog: like for dinner that night? We can
dialog: rustle you up most anything.
text: Coffey gives it some careful thought.
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: Meatloaf be nice. Mashed taters
dialog: with gravy. Okra, maybe. I's not
dialog: picky.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: What about a preacher? Someone you
dialog: could say a little prayer with?
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: Don't want no preacher. You can
dialog: say a prayer, if you want. I could
dialog: get kneebound with you, I guess.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Me?
text: Coffey gives him a look--please.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: S'pose I could, if it came to that.
text: Paul sits, working himself up to it:
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: John, I have to ask you something
dialog: very important right now.
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: I know what you gonna say. You
dialog: don' have to say it.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I do. I do have to.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: John, tell me what you want me to
dialog: do. You want me to take you out of
dialog: here? Just let you run away? See
dialog: how far you can get?
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: Why would you do such a foolish
dialog: thing?
text: Paul hesitates, emotions swirling, trying to find the right
dialog: words.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: On the day of my judgement, when
dialog: I stand before God, and He asks me
dialog: why did I kill one of his true
dialog: miracles, what am I gonna say?
dialog: That is was my job? My job?
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: You tell God the Father it was a
dialog: kindness you done.
dialog: (takes his hand)
dialog: I know you hurtin' and worryin',
dialog: I can feel it on you, but you
dialog: oughtta quit on it now. Because I
dialog: want it over and done. I do.
text: Coffey hesitates--now he's the one trying to find the right
dialog: words, trying to make Paul understand:
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: I'm tired, boss. Tired of bein' on
text: the road, lonely as a sparrow in
dialog: the rain. Tired of not ever having
dialog: me a buddy to be with, or tell me
dialog: where we's coming from or going
dialog: to, or why. Mostly I'm tired of
dialog: people being ugly to each other.
dialog: I'm tired of all the pain I feel
dialog: and hear in the world ever' day.
dialog: There's too much of it. It's like
dialog: pieces of glass in my head all the
dialog: time. Can you understand?
text: By now, Paul is blinking back tears. Softly:
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Yes, John. I think I can.
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: There must be something we can do
dialog: for you, John. There must be
dialog: something you want.
text: Coffey thinks about this long and hard, finally looks up.
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: I ain't never seen me a flicker
dialog: show.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: TIGHT ON COFFEY'S FACE
text: gazing with wide-eyed, open-mouthed wonder, the light of a
text: motion picture projector flickering on his skin...
scene_heading: INT PRISON AUDITORIUM - NIGHT
text: ...while Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers dance up there on the
text: big screen, images flowing in magical black and silver tone.
speaker_heading: FRED ASTAIRE
dialog: (singing)
dialog: Heaven, I'm in heaven...and my
dialog: heart beats so that I can hardly
dialog: speak...
text: Paul and the men are scattered about in the otherwise empty
text: auditorium, also watching.
speaker_heading: PROJECTION BOOTH
text: Toot operates the projector, peering through the tiny window
text: into the theater. He yawns, glances at his watch. Late.
speaker_heading: IN THE AUDITORIUM
text: Fred and Ginger are now in the most passionate and graceful
text: part of the dance. Irving Berlin's music swells.
speaker_heading: COFFEY
text: can't believe what he's seeing. He's so excited his breath is
text: caught in his throat. Softly:
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: Why, they's angels. Angels. Just
dialog: like up in heaven...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. E BLOCK - NIGHT
text: FOUR PAIRS OF FEET come marching up the Green Mile.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON COFFEY
text: Paul appears at the bars with Brutal, Harry, and Dean.
text: Nothing is said. Coffey knows why they're here. He rises as
text: Brutal unlocks the cell, slides the door open. Coffey steps
text: out, looks around at their dazed and sad faces.
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: I be all right, fellas. This
dialog: here's the hard part. I be all
dialog: right in a little while.
dialog: Paul indicates St. Christopher medal around John's neck:
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: John, I should have that just for
dialog: now. I'll give it back after.
text: John lets him take the necklace. Paul pockets it. They start
dialog: to walk the Mile as:
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: You know, I fell asleep this
dialog: afternoon and had me a dream. I
dialog: dreamed about Del's mouse.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Did you, John?
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: I dreamed he got down to that
dialog: place Boss Howell talked about,
dialog: that Mouseville place. I dreamed
dialog: there was kids, and how they
dialog: laughed at his tricks! My!
text: He laughs at the memory of it, then grows more serious:
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: I dreamed those two little blonde-
dialog: headed girls were there. They 'us
dialog: laughing, too. I put my arms
dialog: around 'em and sat 'em on my
dialog: knees, and there 'us no blood
dialog: comin' outta their hair and they
dialog: 'us fine. We all watch Mr. Jingles
dialog: roll that spool, and how we did
dialog: laugh. Fit to bus', we was.
text: Behind them, Dean stifles a sob.
speaker_heading: PAUL'S INNER OFFICE
text: Coffey kneels. Paul joins him, self-conscious and uncertain.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: What should we pray for, John?
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: Strength?
text: Paul nods--strength it is. Dean surprises Brutal and Harry by
text: also kneeling. Brutal and Harry hesitate...then join them.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: God, please help us finish what
dialog: we've started, and please welcome
dialog: this man, John Coffey--like the
dialog: drink, but not spelled the same--
dialog: into heaven and give him peace.
dialog: Please help us to see him off the
dialog: best we can and let nothing go
dialog: wrong. Amen.
text: Paul starts to rise, but Coffey takes his hand.
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: I know a prayer I once heard. Can
dialog: I say it?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You go right ahead, John. Take all
dialog: the time you need.
text: Coffey closes his eyes, frowning in deep concentration.
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: Baby Jesus, meek and mild, pray
dialog: for me...
dialog: And Paul sees:
text: Kathe and Cora Detterick kneeling together in the enclosed
dialog: porch that night, just before their bedtime:
speaker_heading: KATHE AND CORA
dialog: ...and every child. Be my
dialog: strength, be my friend...
dialog: And then the vision is gone as:
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: ...be with me until the end. Amen.
text: Coffey rises, offers Paul his hand, helps him up.
speaker_heading: EXECUTION CHAMBER
text: Full house tonight. Bill Dodge is waiting at Old Sparky.
text: Silence as Coffey is led in, all eyes on him. Klaus and
text: Marjorie Detterick are in the front row. She mutters:
speaker_heading: MARJORIE
dialog: Die slow, you bastard.
speaker_heading: COFFEY
text: is faltering as Paul and Brutal bring him to the chair.
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: They's a lot of folks here hate
dialog: me. A lot. I can feel it. Like
dialog: bees stinging me. It hurts.
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: Feel how we feel, then. We don't
dialog: hate you--can you feel that?
text: Coffey tries to take comfort in it, but flinches as:
speaker_heading: MARJORIE
dialog: Kill him twice, you boys! You go
dialog: on and kill that raping baby-
dialog: killer twice, that'd be fine!
text: She dissolves into tears. Klaus pulls her against his
text: shoulder, looking dazed by the whole thing.
text: Paul and Brutal turn John around, sit him down. Paul notices
text: Dean crying again, his back to the witnesses. They kneel to
text: apply the leg clamps, while Brutal and Harry secure the arms.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Wipe you face before you stand up,
dialog: Dean.
text: Dean nods, wiping his face with the sleeve of his coat. They
text: rise, stepping back. This time, Paul's out front:
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Roll on one.
text: Van Hay cranks the generator. The lights flare hotter and
dialog: brighter. It's just like in Melinda's bedroom the night
text: Coffey cured her with a kiss. Airless and bright, dreamlike.
speaker_heading: MARJORIE
dialog: Does it hurt yet? I hope it does!
dialog: I hope it hurts like hell!
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: John Coffey...you have been
dialog: condemned to die in the electric
dialog: chair by a jury of your
dialog: peers...sentence imposed by a
dialog: judge in good standing in this
dialog: state. Do you have anything to say
dialog: before sentence is carried out?
text: John hesitates, nods.
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: I'm sorry for what I am.
speaker_heading: MARJORIE
dialog: You ought to be! Oh, you monster,
dialog: you damn well ought to be!
text: Brutal takes the mask from the hook to draw it over Coffey's
text: head. Coffey looks to Paul with terrified, pleading eyes.
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: Please, boss, don't put that thing
dialog: over my face. Don't put me in the
dialog: dark, I's afraid of the dark.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: All right, John.
text: Brutal puts the mask back, proceeds with the sponge.
speaker_heading: IN TIGHT ANGLES
text: The cap is lowered, the straps drawn. Coffey is breathing
text: fast, terrified, muttering under his breath:
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: ...heaven...I'm in heaven...
dialog: heaven...heaven...heaven...
speaker_heading: THE WITNESSES
text: sit and wait, barely breathing.
speaker_heading: JACK VAN HAY
text: is poised at the switch, wondering why the order won't come.
speaker_heading: PAUL
text: is staring at Coffey, unable to say the words.
speaker_heading: BRUTAL
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: Paul. You have to say it. You have
dialog: to give the order.
text: Paul can't. He reaches out and touches Coffey's hand. Their
text: fingers clasp. In that moment, staring into his eyes, Paul
text: hears the last thought that ever goes through Coffey's head:
speaker_heading: COFFEY
dialog: (whispered V.O.)
dialog: He kill 'em with they love. That's
dialog: how it is ever' day. All over the
dialog: worl'...
text: Their fingers disengage. Paul steps back, eyes still locked
dialog: with Coffey's, and says the hardest words he's ever spoken:
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Roll on two.
text: Van Hay throws the switch. Coffey surges forward, fingers
text: splayed and jittering past Old Sparky's arms.
text: Lights begin blowing out all over the Mile, raining shattered
text: glass and sparks. Some of the witnesses scream.
text: A thin line of blood comes trickling out of Klaus Detterick's
text: nose. He reaches up, absently wipes it away.
text: Coffey's eyes are locked on Paul's, riding the lightning all
text: the way. He finally slumps. Van Hay kills the current.
text: Coffey's expression is peaceful, as if sleeping. A final pair
text: of tears drift gently down his cheeks.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ACCESS TUNNEL - NIGHT
dialog: Paul ever so carefully replaces the St. Christopher's medal
text: around Coffey's neck. They wheel him down the tunnel.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PAUL'S MODEL T - NIGHT
text: Paul drives home, his heart numb.
scene_heading: EXT. PAUL'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Paul pulls in, cuts the engine. He sits for a moment, then
text: gets out and heads for the house.
text: The door opens. Jan steps out in her nightgown and robe to
text: meet him on the stairs. She takes him in her arms.
text: Paul can't hold it back anymore. He breaks down sobbing
dialog: against her as we
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. NURSING HOME SUNROOM - PRESENT DAY
dialog: It's late in the day as:
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: That was the last execution I ever
dialog: took part in. Just couldn't do it
dialog: anymore after that. Brutal either.
dialog: We both transferred out, took jobs
dialog: with Boys' Correctional.
dialog: (beat, nods)
dialog: That was all right. Catch 'em
dialog: young, that became my motto. Might
dialog: even have done some good.
text: ANGLE SHIFTS TO Elaine listening. Uncertain.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You don't believe me.
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: I don't imagine you would lie to
dialog: me, Paul. It's just that...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: ...It's quite a story.
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: Yes. Quite a story.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: One thing I don't understand. You
dialog: said you and Jan had a grownup son
dialog: in 1935. Is that right?
dialog: (Paul nods)
dialog: But if that's true...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: The math doesn't work, does it?
text: She shakes her head. Paul thinks for a moment, comes to a
dialog: decision.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You feel up to a walk?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. GEORGIA PINES - DAY
text: The rain has mostly stopped. Brad Dolan, back in street
text: clothes, gets in his pickup truck and drives away...
scene_heading: INT. NURSING HOME - DAY
text: ...while Paul and Elaine watch from a window.
scene_heading: EXT. GEORGIA PINES - DAY
text: This time, we see two red specks trudging slowly up the ridge
text: toward the treeline.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - DAY
text: Paul brings Elaine along the wooded path into view of the
text: storage shacks. They're both wearing ponchos.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: There. It's in there.
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: Paul? This thing you want to show
dialog: me. Is it scary?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Scary? No. Not really.
text: He gives her a smile, offers his hand. She takes it.
scene_heading: INT. SHACK - DAY
text: We see Paul approach through the grimy window as before, this
text: time bringing Elaine. ANGLE SHIFTS to the door as they
text: arrive, creaking open on rusty hinges to reveal them.
text: They enter. Elaine looks around at the musty nooks and
text: crannies, wondering what they're doing here. Paul touchers
dialog: arm, directs her attention:
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: There.
text: Elaine moves closer, sees it on the dusty floorboards:
text: An old cigar box.
text: For a moment, she doesn't know what to make of it.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Hey. Wake up, old boy. Wake up.
text: Elaine's breath catches in her throat...
text: ...as a pair of bright oilspot eyes peer over the edge of the
text: cigar box. It's a mouse. His fur, once brown, is now all gray.
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: Paul? It isn't...it can't be...
text: Paul gets down on the floor, holds out his hand.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Come over here, boy. Come on over
dialog: her and see this lady.
text: The mouse tries several times to get over the side of the
text: cigar box before he finally makes it. He comes to them,
text: hobbling and crippled with arthritis. Paul pulls a slice of
text: toast from his pocket, breaks off a small piece for the mouse.
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: That can't be Mr. Jingles.
text: Paul says nothing, just pulls a spool from his pocket. Mr.
dialog: Jingles might be old, but he's as obsessed as ever. He gets
text: ready to fetch, eyes riveted to the spool. Softly:
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Messieurs et mesdames. Beinvenue
dialog: au cirque du mousie.
text: Paul tosses the spool. The mouse limps painfully after it. He
text: reaches it, goes around...and has to lay down to catch his
text: breath. Elaine starts forward, but Paul holds her back.
text: After a moment, Mr. Jingles finds his feet again. He rises
text: and starts nosing the spool back to Paul.
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: Oh, Paul. Don't make him do it
dialog: again. I can't bear to watch.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (softly)
dialog: But he loves it so much.
text: He glances around at the shack with a sad smile.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: This isn't exactly the Mouseville
dialog: we had in mind...but we make do,
dialog: don't we, old fella?
speaker_heading: BRAD (O.S.)
dialog: As I live and breathe!
text: They gasp and spin. Brad Dolan stands in the doorway.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Fooled you, didn't I Got yourself
dialog: a little love nest here, I see...
text: He pauses, seeing Mr. Jingles.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: ...what the fuck? Is that a mouse?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Don't hurt him, okay? Okay?
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: It's a goddamn mouse, y'old fool,
dialog: they carry all kind'a disease...
text: Brad grabs an old garden hoe--the blade's rusted, but still
text: sharp enough to cut a mouse in two.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: ...now step aside.
text: Paul rushes in front of Brad, fists clenched, yelling:
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You leave him alone, Percy! You
dialog: leave him alone, or by God I'll--
text: Brad gives Paul a hard shove, pins him against the wall.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Who you calling Percy? Name's
dialog: Brad, you senile fucker. And I'm
dialog: gonna nail that mouse, you can
dialog: take that to the everfucking bank.
text: Elaine is suddenly at Brad's elbow, seething with fury:
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: How dare you? Get out!
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Piss off, you wrinkeldy old bitch.
dialog: Me and Paulie are talking.
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: His name is Mr. Edgecomb. If you
dialog: ever call him Paulie again, your
dialog: days of employment at Georgia
dialog: Pines will end.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Who the hell you think you are?
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: I am the grandmother of the man
dialog: who is currently Speaker of the
dialog: Georgia House of Representatives.
dialog: A man who loves his relatives, Mr.
dialog: Dolan. All it would take is a
dialog: phone call.
text: Brad's smile falters. Elaine steps closer.
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: At first I thought I'd let you be.
dialog: I'm old, and that seemed easiest.
dialog: But when my friends are threatened
dialog: and abused, I do not let it be.
dialog: (icy beat)
dialog: Now get out, or you won't work
dialog: another day here. Not another
dialog: hour. I swear it.
text: Brad eases his grip on Paul...and backs off.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Don't know what you're getting so
dialog: het up about. Just a damn mouse.
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: Get out, you ignorant man. What
dialog: little mind you have is ugly and
dialog: misdirected.
text: Brad flushes red, heads for the door. He pauses.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Don't bother coming back here
dialog: tomorrow...Mr. Edgecomb Gonna be
dialog: a new lock on this door. This is
dialog: off-limits to residents, no matter
dialog: what Mrs. My Shit Don't Stink has
dialog: to say about it.
text: And off he goes. Paul tries to control the shaking in his
text: hands, looks to Elaine.
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: Little trick I learned from Percy
dialog: Wetmore.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Is your grandson really Speaker of
dialog: the House?
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: He is.
text: Paul bends down, picks Mr. Jingles up.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You gonna thank the lady? She just
dialog: saved your old mousie hide.
text: The mouse stretches his neck forward, nose twitching,
text: smelling Paul's breath. Paul looks to Elaine. Softly:
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I think Mr. Jingles happened by
dialog: accident. I think when we
dialog: electrocuted Del, and it all went
dialog: so badly...well, John could feel
dialog: it, you know...and I think a tiny
dialog: part of whatever was inside of him
dialog: just leapt out...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Me, I was no accident. John had to
dialog: give me a little part of
dialog: himself...a gift, like...so I
dialog: could see for myself what Wild
dialog: Bill had done. When John did that,
dialog: a part of whatever power worked
dialog: through him spilled into me.
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: He...what? Infected you with life?
text: Paul looks at the mouse, strokes him gently between the ears.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: That's as good a word as any. He
dialog: infected us both, didn't he, Mr.
dialog: Jingles. With life.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'm a hundred and five years old,
dialog: Elaine. I was forty the year John
dialog: Coffey walked the Green Mile.
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: ...oh my God...
text: CAMERA PUSHES SLOWLY IN on Paul as:
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I haven't even had a cold since
dialog: 1935. I've had to watch my friends
dialog: and loved ones die off through the
dialog: years...Hal and Melinda...Brutus
dialog: Howell...my wife...my son...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: ...and you, Elaine. You'd die,
dialog: too, and my curse is knowing I'll
dialog: be there to see it...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. FUNERAL HOME - DAY
text: Paul, dressed in a dark suit, comes up the aisle. ANGLE
text: SHIFTS to reveal Elaine Connelly lying in the open casket.
speaker_heading: PAUL (V.O.)
dialog: ...that's my punishment, you see?
dialog: My punishment for letting John
dialog: Coffey ride the lightning...for
dialog: killing a miracle of God...
text: Paul lays a rose atop the casket.
speaker_heading: PAUL (V.O.)
dialog: ...you'll be gone, like all the
dialog: others, and I'll have to stay...
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY - DAY
text: Paul stands at the graveside as the casket is lowered.
speaker_heading: PAUL (V.O.)
dialog: I'll die eventually, I imagine. I
dialog: have no illusions of immortality.
dialog: But I will have wished for death
dialog: long before death finds me.
text: He turns and walks away.
speaker_heading: PAUL (V.O.)
dialog: In truth, I wish for it already.
scene_heading: INT. E BLOCK - NIGHT(1935)
text: Empty and silent. Young Paul walks the Mile alone, listening
text: to the quiet. He pauses, seeing something. A whisper:
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Mr. Jingles?
text: It is Mr. Jingles. The little mouse is peering from under the
text: restraint room door. He's come home, looking bedraggled. Paul
text: bends down, gently picks him up.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Where you been, boy? I've been
dialog: worried about you. You hungry?
text: Paul turns and head back up the Green Mile, carrying the
dialog: mouse cupped in his hands as we
speaker_heading: MATCH DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. NURSING HOME - DAY
text: Young Paul transforms into Old Paul in the dissolve, the
dialog: corridor of the Green Mile becoming the corridor of the
text: nursing home. He's walking along, holding the little mouse
dialog: the same way he did over sixty years ago.
speaker_heading: PAUL (V.O.)
dialog: I lie in bed most nights, thinking
dialog: about it. And I wait...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. PAUL'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Paul lies awake, staring at the moon outside his window.
speaker_heading: PAUL (V.O.)
dialog: I think about all the people I've
dialog: loved, now long gone.
dialog: I think about my beautiful Jan,
dialog: and how I lost her so many years
dialog: ago. I think about all of us
dialog: walking our own Green Mile, each
dialog: in our own time. But one thought,
dialog: more than any other, keeps me
dialog: awake most nights...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: ...if he could make a mouse live
dialog: so long, how much longer do I have?
text: He looks over at the nightstand...
speaker_heading: PAUL (V.O.)
dialog: We each owe a death, there are no
dialog: exceptions, but sometimes, oh God,
dialog: the Green Mile is so long...
text: ...and WE PAN to reveal Mr. Jingles sleeping fitfully in his
dialog: cigar box, chasing that spool in his dreams as we
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
scene_heading: --------------------------------------------------------------
dialog: 
