scene_heading: THE GENERAL'S DAUGHTER
dialog: Initial Writer: David Himmelstein
dialog: Revisions: Mark Montgomery
dialog: Based on a novel by Nelson DeMille
dialog: February 24, 1995
scene_heading: THE GENERAL’S DAUGHTER
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
speaker_heading: A DARK RANGE
text: of open ground bordered by black pine. Stillness. The shrill
text: of insects. Thermal clouds flowing overhead, underlit orange.
text: Heat lightning flickers. Thunder sounds distantly. Half-seen
text: in the dark, a standing forn.
speaker_heading: THE SILHOUETTE
text: of a soldier. Helmeted. Unmoving.
text: AGAINST THE NIGHT, .
text: the shape of a hand, bound by rope. Jagged yellow electricity
text: branches across the clouds.
speaker_heading: THE SOLDIER'S
text: features illuminate. The face like a mask, no expression. A
text: face of hard plastic. Eyeless.
speaker_heading: A WOMAN'S FACE
text: in deep shadow. Staring upward in terror and sorrow. A tear
text: glinting, spilling slowly.
speaker_heading: HER VOICE
dialog: Father...
speaker_heading: THE SKY
text: boils in fury, clouds churning, as if in God’s answer. Crazed
text: streaks of lightning fracture the sky.
speaker_heading: HER EYES
text: flare, reflecting the flashing sky. A shadow falls over them.
text: The heavens rumble.
scene_heading: EXT. CID HEADQUARTERS - FALLS CHURCH, VIRGINIA ~ NIGHT
text: Hot rain falling. At the lit entrance, two burly MPs standing
text: sentry. Above them, a legend reading:
speaker_heading: United States Army Criminal Investigation Command
speaker_heading: BURNS (V.0O.)
dialog: Gentlemen, this is Major General
dialog: Joseph Campbell, Commander of
dialog: the Post at Fort Hadley, Georgia...
scene_heading: INT. SCREEN - BRIEFING ROOM - CID HQ - NIGHT
text: Army footage. A general walks among his troops in the Saudi
text: Arabian wastelands. Desert camouflage, two stars on his cap,
text: a huge man, big of bone and breadth, iron visage, intensity.
speaker_heading: BURNS (0.S.)
speaker_heading: (CONT’D)
dialog: They call him Smokin’ Joe. Forty
dialog: years of distinguished service.
dialog: Three tours in ‘Nam. Served in
dialog: Central Command under General
dialog: Schwarzkopf...
text: Dust churning, MIAI tanks charging down a sandhill. Turreted
text: guns hammering. Mechanized terror.
speaker_heading: BURNS (0.S.)
dialog: The Gulf War. He stormed Saddam’s
dialog: Republican Guard with his armored
dialog: division and helped retake Kuwait
dialog: City...
text: Towers of black smoke spinning. Rubble. Slain Iraquis lying
text: like black rags across the desert floor. Then, an airport, a
text: crowd cheering as the General moves down the ramp of a Boeing
dialog: 707.
speaker_heading: BURNS (0.S.)
dialog: The General came home a hero. He’s
dialog: recently accepted an appointment to
dialog: the National Security Council where
dialog: he‘ll receive his third star. He’s
dialog: also considered a contender in the
dialog: next Presidential campaign...
text: An exterior shot of the White House. Then an office within, a
text: cadre of administrative and military leaders gathered with the
dialog: President to effect strategic planning.
speaker_heading: BURNS (0.S.)
dialog: With the military drawdown, General
dialog: Campbell’s election would be vital
dialog: to our national defense.
text: General Burns sits in silhouette below a projector lens. The
text: lights in the room come up. Burns, Commander of the CID, two
text: stars on each collar of his battle-dress greens, gazes gravely
text: along the length of a conference table.
speaker_heading: BURNS
dialog: The directive from Washington is to
dialog: clear the homicide at Fort Hadley
text: before the General leaves command.
text: Several high-ranking officers and government officials regard
text: him solemnly. Colonel Hellmann, Director of Operations, hair
text: shorn in a military mohawk, face chisled and seamed, wants to
dialog: clarify the directive.
speaker_heading: HELLMANN
dialog: When is change of command scheduled,
dialog: General?
dialog: Burns considers Hellmann significantly.
speaker_heading: BURNS
dialog: In one week, Colonel.
text: Hellmann’s adjutant, Lt. Rogers, looks up from her notations.
text: Hellmann tries not to openly scowl.
speaker_heading: HELLMANN
dialog: This may be a complex investigation,
dialog: sir.
speaker_heading: BURNS
dialog: And a volatile one, The General has
dialog: been struck by a tragedy. We don’t
dialog: want to see it escalating into some
dialog: kind of scandal that smears the Army
dialog: or derails his future. Tight
dialog: containment and rapid closure are
dialog: imperative... What’s the situation
dialog: at Hadley?
text: Hellmann restrains his opinion of the timeline.
speaker_heading: HELLMANN
text: The crime scene has been secured by
dialog: Special Agent in Charge Hawthorne,
dialog: sir. I’m assembling a team of our
dialog: top homicide people for deployment.
speaker_heading: BURNS
dialog: (frowning)
dialog: We have no homicide agents assigned
dialog: to Fort Hadley, Colonel?
text: Lieutenant Rogers slides a computer printout over to Hellmann.
text: He scans it, seeing a name that makes him unhappy.
speaker_heading: HELLMANN
dialog: Chief Warrant Officer Brenner. He’s
dialog: on loan to Procurement and Fraud...
text: Hellmann looks up from the print-out, his eyes flint.
speaker_heading: HELLMANN
dialog: He'd be my last choice, sir.
text: Burns stands, expression ominous.
speaker_heading: BURNS
dialog: You have the objective. I want the
dialog: investigation opened immediately.
scene_heading: EXT. DIRT ROAD - OUTSKIRTS - MIDLAND, GEORGIA - NIGHT
text: Headlights flare. A Chevy pick-up truck bounces over a rutted
text: track, exhaust rumbling.
speaker_heading: ELKINS (V.O.)
dialog: (deep South)
dialog: That’s her up ahead...
scene_heading: INT. PICK-UP - NIGHT
text: Armory sergeant Dalbert Elkins, jittery and sweating, his face
text: eroded by hard times, has his eyes riveted ahead.
speaker_heading: ELKINS (CONT'D)
dialog: HQ -- White Americanist Movement.
text: The driver, Chief Warrant Officer Paul Brenner, stares through
text: the windshield. Rugged, well-built, somewhere in his forties,
text: at present he is gritty and unshaven, wearing the same type of
text: battle-dress fatigues and insignia as Elkins.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Looks like they run a pretty tight
dialog: budget, Elkins.
text: They take in the junked cars and old Harley frames rusting in
text: the weeds. Ahead, a flood light burning from a squalid shack.
text: Elkins draws feverishly on a cigarette smoked to the filter.
speaker_heading: ELKINS
dialog: Hell, these old boys put all their
text: money in ordnance. They see what
dialog: we got, I gar-an-tee, they'll buy.
scene_heading: EXT. YARD ~ SHACK - NIGHT
text: Brenner and Elkins stand out of the truck, look to the porch
text: where several dark shapes lounge in the shadows.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY RAY
dialog: How y’all, Dalbert?
text: A backwoods baritone. Elkins squints nervously.
speaker_heading: ELKINS
dialog: Up to no good, son. Heh, heh.
text: Johnny Ray saunters off the steps. Bald head, pirate’s beard.
text: Goes about two-fifty. Made of bricks. An extreme individual.
speaker_heading: ELKINS
dialog: Johnny Ray, this here’s my partner
dialog: Armory Sergeant White. We go way
dialog: back. He’s good wood.
text: Brenner’s eyes cut sharply to Elkins. He looks to Johnny Ray
text: who studies him with keen intensity, his focus resting on his
dialog: name tag.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY RAY
dialog: Love that name.
text: Brenner manages a grin, noting a set of prison-issue lightning
text: bolts emblazoned on Johnny Ray's forearm -- modified German SS
text: declaring allegiance to an Aryan brotherhood.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Nice bolts.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY RAY
dialog: You like skin art?
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: You bet.
text: Johnny Ray grins, turns. A short, stocky bruiser has appeared
text: behind him. Deuce. Shirtless, heavily muscled. Bleary-eyed.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY RAY
dialog: Sergeant White likes skin art.
text: Deuce focuses on Brenner insolently. Tattooed vividly across
text: his chest, a rising eagle, a swastika clutched in its talons.
speaker_heading: DEUCE
dialog: This here’s a vision for him. Wants
dialog: to see more, I’1ll drop my pants.
text: Low laughter from the porch. Johnny Ray has a dangerous glint
text: in his eyes.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY RAY
dialog: Deuce is my road dawg.
text: Deuce, high-strung and violent, lunges suddenly, snarling, his
text: teeth bared. He barks rabidly, snapping at Brenner. An eerie
text: and dead-on imitation of a pit bull.
text: More laughter. Deuce growls warningly, glowering. Johnny Ray
text: chuckles cavernously, observes Brenner.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY RAY
dialog: What ya’ll think, White?
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Trained him good.
text: Deuce woofs, swaggering over to Brenner’s pick-up, all eyes on
text: him. He parks himself before a front tire, back to them, rips
text: open his pants. The drumming of a forceful stream hitting the
text: sidewall ensues. He lifts one leg.
text: The porch crew rock in hilarity. Brenner frowns. Johnny Ray
text: wheezes, his frame shaking.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY RAY
dialog: Ever seen a dawg didn’t like to piss
dialog: on a tire?
text: Deuce finishes, grinning drunkenly. He ambles away, leans in
text: the open trunk of a Cadillac parked beyond the light, lifts a
text: beer, pops it, raises it to Brenner defiantly. Brenner looks
text: at Johnny Ray unsmilingly.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY RAY
dialog: Show us what you got.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Dalbert.
text: Elkins hustles to the pick-up, drops the gate, snaps back the
text: tarp in the bed to expose a heavy BFVS machine gun, ammo feed
text: belt looped through the breech.
speaker_heading: ELKINS
dialog: Combat-loaded seven-six-two coaxial
text: machine gun. Raps-off six-hundred
dialog: armor-piercing rounds per minute...
dialog: Got a hot two-dozen of ‘em. Desert
dialog: Storm’s blown into Georgia, boys.
text: Johnny Ray stares, transfixed. He reaches for it.
speaker_heading: ELKINS
dialog: That’s a vehicle-mount item, hoss.
text: Johnny Ray heaves up the heavy rig, steps away from the truck.
text: He sweeps the barrel over the yard, the bore swinging around
text: on the two armory sergeants. Both men step back, Johnny Ray,
text: grinning, levels the gun on Brenner’s pick-up.
text: He prepares to fire. There’s no trigger. He looks up at the
text: two armory sergeants accusingly.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Gimme that.
text: Brenner cradles the weight of the gun, angles the sights onto
text: the hazy shape of a coupe past the lights, strikes the manual-
dialog: fire pad.
text: The weapon rattles deafeningly, flame spitting, streaks of hot
text: blue tracer ripping a line through the air. The sheet metal
text: caves in, glass explodes, chrome crumples, the trunk lid blows
text: off, turning in the air. Deuce’s mouth is open wide in a yell
text: that is drowned out by the gunfire.
text: The firing suddenly ceases, ejected casings flying, blue smoke
text: billowing, Deuce’s scream cutting in.
speaker_heading: DEUCE
text: ~- HOOOWEEEE! That’s some screamin’
dialog: shit, hog!
text: Awed commentary rises from the porch. Deuce blearily studies
text: Brenner's target. His slitted eyes jump wide in recognition.
speaker_heading: DEUCE
dialog: Wait a fuckin’ minute... THAT’S MY
speaker_heading: RIDE!
text: His Cadillac comes into focus, blown to scrap-metal. Brenner
text: squints toward it, feigning concern.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Aww Jesus... I’m sorry.
speaker_heading: DEUCE
dialog: He smoked my fuckin’ car!
text: Brenner shrugs helplessly. Deuce advances for him, Johnny Ray
text: steps in first. He towers over Brenner.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY RAY
dialog: Who‘'d you brang, Dalbert?
text: Elkins offers a rattled smile. The crew on the porch descend,
text: expressions malignant. Brenner edges back.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Okay. I’ve decided I don’t like
dialog: your attitude. Whole thing’s off.
text: The pack of men start to move on him in unison. Brenner puts
text: the gun on them, unused rounds visible in the belt.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Let’s go, Dalbert.
text: Elkins stares at him increduously.
scene_heading: INT. PICK-UP - NIGHT
text: Brenner blasts the vehicle out of the yard, the ring of angry
text: men falling behind in the rear window. Elkins rips a hide-out
text: semi-auto from his waistband, slams it on the dash.
speaker_heading: ELKINS
dialog: Man, what the fuck is wrong with you?
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: You just blew a two-month operation,
dialog: bonehead!
speaker_heading: ELKINS
dialog: Fuck that noise! They were ready to
dialog: deal!
text: Brenner faces him, snarling.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: They were on to us! You introduced
dialog: me as Sergeant White!
text: Elkins pauses in confusion.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Look at my name tag, Elkins!
text: Elkins looks at Brenner BDU blouse, the nametag, black letters
text: on a white rectangle. It reads “Wright."
speaker_heading: ELKINS
dialog: Oh, shit.
text: He stares at his mistake, chagrined. Brenner, disgusted, rams
text: the truck up onto the dirt road.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: They caught it immediately. It was
dialog: downhill after that.
scene_heading: EXT. DIRT ROAD - NIGHT
text: The truck roars, clay-dust trailing as it recedes on the road.
speaker_heading: ELKINS (V.0.)
dialog: Damn.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAILER PARK - NEAR FORT HADLEY - DAWN
text: Brenner’s truck rolls up in front of a weather-faded sign that
text: reads: "Whispering Pines Trailer Park". He gets out, wearily.
text: Ahead of him, a few run-down mobile homes among rows of vacant
text: trailer pads. He walks up a path of rotted planks toward a
text: battered Airstream framed against a band of light to the East.
dialog: 10
scene_heading: INT. BRENNER’S TRAILER - NIGHT
text: Brenner switches on the light. It flickers weakly, revealing
text: shabby green furniture, plaid carpet, mustard-colored drapes.
text: He strips off his wet battle-dress blouse, tosses it, moves in
text: through the dim clutter to the galley area where he takes up a
text: bottle of scotch, finds a glass, pours a stiff one.
text: IN THE LIVING AREA,
text: someone is seated in the shadows, motionless, watching him.
text: Brenner stands in the galley. Without seeming to look toward
text: the living area, he finds a second glass.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: You havin’ one of these, Hawthorne?
text: Rodney Hawthorne, Special Agent in Charge of the CID unit at
text: Fort Hadley, leans forward. Fifty, weathered, black-skinned,
text: hair dashed with gray, eyes jaded. Rumpled suit, tie undone.
speaker_heading: HAWTHORNE
dialog: Can’t sneak up on you anymore.
text: Brenner tilts the bottle, pours out another drink.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: When could you?
text: He moves into the living area, profers the glass to Hawthorne.
text: Hawthorne takes it. They regard one another. Years of rocky
dialog: history. Friendship.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: This a social visit, sir?
text: Hawthorne drinks his scotch, surveys the trailer’s disorder.
speaker_heading: HAWTHORNE
dialog: Nothin’ social about this place.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: This is my front.
text: Brenner throws some clothes off the sofa, sits down. The two
text: men drink, watching each other.
dialog: 11
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Knew a kid in infantry training who
dialog: lived in this trailer. Summer of
dialog: Sixty-Nine. Had a beautiful wife.
text: Hawthorne watches him.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: He gave his all in ‘Nam. Won some
dialog: medals. Came home, wife was gone.
dialog: She'd divorced him, married a draft-
text: deferred civilian.
speaker_heading: HAWTHORNE
dialog: Ain’t that a bitch.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: What’s really a bitch, dumb bastard
text: re-upped. He’s still in the Army.
text: Hawthorne lifts his glass to Brenner.
speaker_heading: HAWTHORNE
dialog: And no smarter. Here’s to him.
dialog: They drink.
speaker_heading: HAWTHORNE
dialog: What's your progress on the weapons
dialog: operation?
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Negligible. But then, so was the
dialog: operation.
text: Hawthrone stares at him.
speaker_heading: HAWTHORNE
dialog: You got your twenty in. Maybe it’s
dialog: time you cashed out.
text: Brenner considers his drink, the muggy Georgia sky lighting up
text: the trailer windows.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Where the hell would I go?
text: Hawthorne shakes his head, sadly.
dialog: 12
speaker_heading: HAWTHORNE
dialog: Two years, Brenner. That’s how long
dialog: you've been missing in action. Fort
dialog: Belvoir is done, man. It’s time to
dialog: move on.
text: Brenner becomes uneasy. It’s a sore subject.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: That’s not why you came over at o-
dialog: five-hundred, is it, sir?
text: Hawthorne sets his glass down.
speaker_heading: HAWTHORNE
dialog: There’s been a murder on the post.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Who was the victim?
speaker_heading: HAWTHORNE
dialog: The General's daughter.
text: Brenner is still, jarred by the news.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: General Joe Campbell?
speaker_heading: HAWTHORNE
dialog: Affirmative. Captain Ann Campbell
dialog: was found on Rifle Range Six last
text: night. Strangled. Possibly raped.
text: The magnitude settles on Brenner.
speaker_heading: HAWTHORNE
dialog: It’s a hard blow. She was the Golden
dialog: Girl of Fort Hadley.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: What’s the crime scene like?
text: Hawthorne shakes his head solemnly. Bad. Strange.
speaker_heading: HAWTHORNE
dialog: This case is gonna be big, Brenner.
dialog: Real big... I got you in.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: You what?
dialog: 13
speaker_heading: HAWTHORNE
dialog: As of this moment, you are the lead
dialog: investigator on a priority homicide.
text: Brenner regards him in disbelief.
text: Brenner’s face
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: You cleared this with Falls Church?
speaker_heading: HAWTHORNE
text: Colonel Hellmann’s under the gun to
dialog: get this solved.
text: darkens.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: You know Hellmann won’t let me keep
dialog: this. He’s got me on back-water
dialog: assignments. He‘ll send in a hand-
dialog: picked team.
speaker_heading: HAWTHORNE
dialog: I just said I got you in. You’ll
dialog: have to figure out how to stay in.
text: Brenner tries to calculate the depth of what lies ahead.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Case like this could be career-
dialog: suicide.
speaker_heading: HAWTHORNE
dialog: Unquestionably. Want it or not?
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Yeah, I want it. I need a comeback.
dialog: It's just that...
text: He looks at Hawthorne, his confidence flagging.
speaker_heading: HAWTHORNE
dialog: You’ll go up against the same things
dialog: you went up against last time. Even
dialog: worse. I can bring someone else in.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: No.
text: Hawthorne stands, a large man, still powerful. He moves past
text: Brenner, stands on the porch gazing out at the steaming pine.
dialog: 14
speaker_heading: HAWTHORNE
dialog: I’m out of the Army next week.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Is that your choice?
speaker_heading: HAWTHORNE
dialog: I’ve given everything I have. There
dialog: ain’t no more to give.
text: He turns, looks evenly at Brenner. His life spent in service
text: to something greater than himself.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: You always said, stand by the truth
text: that comes out of an investigation.
dialog: Never look the other way. And you
dialog: never did.
text: His eyes convey his respect, and an apology for falling short.
speaker_heading: HAWTHORNE
dialog: That’s the job, Brenner. Don’t ever
dialog: let ‘em tell you different.
text: They shake hands in farewell.
speaker_heading: HAWTHORNE
dialog: Provost Marshal’s waitin’ for you at
dialog: the infantry training field. He'll
dialog: brief you. Good luck.
scene_heading: EXT. INFANTRY TRAINING AREA - FORT HADLEY - DAWN
text: Major William Kent, Provost Marshal, spit-shined in his white
text: helmet and white pistol belt, stands on the field watching
text: with icy eyes as Brenner walks toward him from his pick~up.
text: Brenner, wearing a blue tropical worsted suit, snaps a salute.
text: They have a past, one of restrained animosity. The day hangs
text: heavy with humidity.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
text: Major Kent.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Mr. Brenner. You‘re looking worse
dialog: for the wear.
dialog: 15
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Thanks. You’re still a marvel of
dialog: preservation. Were you born or
dialog: engineered?
text: Kent smiles, his frame conditioned and as hard as his outlook.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: I was forged, wise-ass. By the U.S.
dialog: Army.
text: Brenner nods. He knew that. Kent looks at Brenner’s pick-up.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: You CID guys goin’ redneck?
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: That’s my front.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Now that’s subterfuge.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: You've been studying the vocabulary
dialog: in your Reader’s Digest.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: I heard you were here, so I wanted
dialog: some ten-cent words ready... I’m
dialog: surprised you’re still in business.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: So am I. How’s the baton? Spilled
dialog: any brains with it lately?
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Oh, sure. You know me.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Yeah. So you'll understand why I’m
dialog: not anxious to work with you again.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Same here. But it won't be for long.
dialog: You won‘’t go the distance.
text: Brenner receives the prediction with steadiness.
dialog: 16
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: You can make book on it when you're
dialog: off duty. In the meantime, this
dialog: case is under my control, and you’re
dialog: here to serve the CID.
text: Kent’s eyes glitter with amused dislike. A boom reverberates
text: from beyond the barracks, the post cannon announcing reveille.
text: A bugle call, floating from remote loudspeakers.
text: Both men, conditioned by military custom, their eyes on each
text: other, raise their hands in salute. The bugle echoes in the
text: hot stillness.
scene_heading: EXT. RIFLE RANGE ROAD ~ FORT HADLEY - DAY
text: Kent’s white Taurus stops in the middle of a road bordered by
text: flat vistas. Kent and Brenner get out. They begin walking.
speaker_heading: KENT
text: Crime scene's locked down. The SAC
dialog: sent some warrant officers who seem
dialog: pretty useless, and I posted MPs.
dialog: It’s virgin, nothing’s been touched.
dialog: Except her, of course.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: You've informed General Campbell and
dialog: his wife of her death?
text: Kent nods, a tic of emotion working at the line of his mouth.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: I want to see the General as soon as
dialog: possible.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: He taking it hard, but I‘1ll see what
dialog: I can do,
text: The control tower for the firing range rises ahead of them.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: It’s a nasty killing. I hope to God
text: it was committed by a civilian.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Who made positive identification?
dialog: 17
speaker_heading: KENT
text: A Sergeant St. John found the body.
text: He was on guard duty with her last
dialog: night. And I knew her.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Fill me in.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: She was an instructor, Psychological
dialog: Operations School. West Point.
text: Smart. Good-looking. Standing tall.
dialog: Poster girl. Put her name on all the
dialog: duty rosters to set an example.
text: Brenner hears possible invective, files it for later review.
text: Ahead of them,
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Was she armed last night?
speaker_heading: KENT
text: She had her sidearm.
text: a sand-colored humvee parked at the roadside.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Why was Sergeant St. John out here?
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Captain Campbell left headquarters
dialog: to check the guard posts and didn’t
dialog: return. St. John got concerned and
text: tried to locate her. Found her jeep
text: parked here.
text: They approach the humvee. Brenner peers beneath the vehicle,
text: then touches the exhaust pipe. He moves to the window, looks
text: inside, sees a purse on the seat.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Have you questioned the guard at the
dialog: nearest post?
speaker_heading: KENT
text: PFC Robbins. She heard nothing, but
text: saw some headlights.
text: Brenner opens the door, turns the purse over, sorting through
dialog: the contents.
text: He lifts a ring of keys.
dialog: -
dialog: 18
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Detain St. John and Robbins. I'11
dialog: want to talk to them.
text: They walk toward the fire control tower where a number of MPs
text: and vehicles are stationed.
scene_heading: EXT. RIFLE RANGE SIX - DAY
text: Brenner and Kent move past the tower. The firing range comes
text: in view, a long expanse of open terrain, black and white lane
text: markers receding to 500 hundred meters. The sun hovers like
text: a disc of fire. Brenner shields his eyes.
text: A series of berms ahead. Atop each, pop-up targets simulating
text: soldiers with rifles. Two MPs stand at parade rest at a berm
text: fifty meters ahead. They salute as Brenner and Kent approach.
text: Brenner regards the target on the berm, its green plastic face
text: staring eyelessly at the sun. He finds it unsettling.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Where are the warrant officers the
dialog: SAC sent over?
text: Kent looks to the MP’s, one male, one female, both young and
text: pale under the shade of their helmets.
speaker_heading: MALE MP
text: One of ‘em’s losing his breakfast in
dialog: the bushes, sir.
text: They round the berm. Brenner halts, looks to the dirt ahead.
text: Bluebottle flies whip through the air. Her white, naked flesh
text: glares in the hard light. She lies stripped, on her back, her
text: wrists and ankles bound to plastic tent pegs.
text: Captain Ann Campbell. She is no more than thirty. Once quite
text: lovely, now drained, vacant -- the triangle of her pubic hair,
text: her mouth open, tongue and teeth exposed, her eyes rolled back
text: into her head. Bitten deep into her neck, a green nylon cord,
text: knotted tightly.
text: Brenner stares at the body, reminded sharply and painfully of
text: another death, another woman. He turns from the image, walks
text: away a few paces, helpless anger filling him. He looks down
text: at her bra, filmy silk, lying cast in the weeds near his feet.
dialog: 19
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: I should mention, there’s a rape
dialog: counselor assigned to this case.
text: Kent is behind him.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: The victim doesn’t need counseling,
text: Major. She’s dead.
text: Kent clears his throat. Brenner turns. Special Agent Cynthia
text: Sunhill has arrived. She stares at the victim, silent outrage
text: in her eyes, then at Brenner. Late twenties, trim, attractive
text: without vanity, features shaded by an edge, a resolve within.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: Warrant Officer Sunhill, Mr. Brenner.
dialog: I was called in from Fort Stewart to
dialog: assist in this investigation.
text: Brenner assesses her, registering her correctness, her youth,
text: and her spiky attitude. She promises to be a pain in the ass.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: By whom?
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
text: By Colonel Hellmann's office.
text: She returns Brenner’s examination with her own, her expression
text: indicating unfavorable conclusions.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: You’re a Grade One, Ms. Sunhill.
dialog: Is Hellmann short-handed?
text: Sunhill’s eyes glint stonily.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
text: He’s assembling his team from Falls
dialog: Church. And for the record, when I
dialog: heard you were here, I asked myself
dialog: the same question.
text: Kent utters a short, mocking laugh.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Do we know each other?
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: Your reputation precedes you.
dialog: 20
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Hope you’re not here to fax reports
dialog: on my conduct. You'd never get off
dialog: the line.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: I’m here because I have specialized
dialog: training in sexual assault cases.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: This may not be a sexual assault.
dialog: An investigator's trained not to
dialog: form conclusions in advance. Says
dialog: so in the manual.
text: She regards him thinly, her eyes glittering.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: Why don’t we get on with it, Mr.
dialog: Brenner?
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: You go first.
text: The body is between them, they both kneel down. Sunhill looks
text: at the victim’s naked skin, withering under the heat.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
text: Rigor has commenced. Lividity in the
dialog: thighs and buttocks...
text: Brenner watches her.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Indicating death occurred when?
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
text: Seven, eight hours ago. Consistent
dialog: with the report.
text: She pauses, then forces her gaze to the neck, the cord bedded
text: tightly into it.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: Other than the ligature marks made
text: by the rope, there are no apparent
text: bruises, lacerations or bite marks...
text: She glances at him. Brenner is unimpressed. Her face darkens
text: and she looks back to the body. She stares at the eyes, takes
text: her thumb to an eyelid, hesitantly.
dialog: 21
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: The corneas have clouded... Small,
text: spotty hemorrhages in the lining
text: of the lids. Presumptive evidence
dialog: of death by asphyxia.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: What about the hands and nails?
text: Flies snap past her face. Pressing herself, she takes one of
text: Campbell’s stiffened hands in her own.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: There are no defensive marks... No
dialog: blood or dirt under the nails...
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Go on.
text: She lowers her gaze to the abdominal region.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: There's no evidence of semen around
dialog: the thighs... or the genital area.
dialog: No outward signs of penetration...
text: Brenner rises, picks up the bra, offers it to her.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: And this?
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
text: No rips or tears. The clasp is not
text: bent or broken.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: So far, there’s no support for sexual
text: assault. In fact, there are no signs
text: of a struggle. Not on the victim and
text: not in the immediate area.
text: Sunhill stands, keeping her face even.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: You’re saying she disrobed of her
dialog: own accord, had herself staked out
dialog: and strangled?
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: I'm not saying anything, yet. Thank
dialog: you, Ms. Sunhill.
dialog: 22
text: Brenner crouches, stares into Captain Campbell’s vacant face
text: for a long time. Sunhill watches him, wondering whether she
text: hates him or not. Probably she does. Kent and the two MPs
text: stand sweating silently in the sun.
text: Brenner, eyes fixed, seems to make a resolution. He rises.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Where did Captain Campbell reside,
dialog: Major?
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Off post in Midland. I’d recommend
dialog: you clear a civilian search warrant
dialog: through Chief Yardley. He's a real
dialog: stickler for jurisdiction.
text: Brenner ignores the advice, scanning the range.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Where's her uniform and dogtags? Her
dialog: Boots? Pistol?
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: We didn’t find ‘em.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Has anyone called in the forensic
dialog: team from Fort Gillem?
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: I did.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Major Kent, can you set up a grid
dialog: search, excluding an area of fifty
dialog: meters around the body? Have your
dialog: people to collect anything that’s
text: not part of the landscape.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: This a trash detail?
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: It’s an Army detail -- by-the-book --
dialog: lots of extra work. You like that.
text: Kent watches him, face blank, the light of hatred in his eyes.
dialog: 23
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: I need Captain Campbell's medical
dialog: and personnel files sealed and in
dialog: your office by noon, Major. Tape
text: off her office, impound her humvee,
dialog: and her private vehicle. Get me
dialog: a list of everyone who’s been here
dialog: for disqualifying footprints. And
dialog: tell Public Affairs we're running a
dialog: black-out on this.
text: Kent nods curtly, moves off. Brenner looks at Sunhill and she
text: sees for the first time how haggard he is.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: How you feeling, Ms. Sunhill?
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: You want the truth?
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Hit me.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: I want to nail the motherfucker
dialog: who did this to the wall.
text: Brenner is taken off guard by the force of her language. He's
text: starting to reassess her.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: We have something in common. Did
dialog: you bring a car?
scene_heading: EXT. VICTORY HIGHWAY - MIDLAND - NEAR FORT HADLEY - DAY
text: A new, convertible Mustang GT moves rapidly down a wide street
text: bordered by Georgia pine.
scene_heading: INT. MUSTANG - DAY
text: Sunhill drives, dark glasses on, eyes on the road. Brenner is
text: is making notations, a folder on his lap. He stops writing.
dialog: Sunhill stares
text: He grins. She
dialog: 24
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Okay. I’ve got a theory. Since we
dialog: saw no signs of a struggle, we have
dialog: to consider the possibility Captain
text: Campbell had a preplanned rendezvous
dialog: with a lover. I’m talking bondage,
text: Ms. Sunhill. Consenting partners.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: That’s a typical male fantasy. She
dialog: consented to being bound in the dirt
dialog: like an animal?
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: I don’t know that the animal kingdom
text: enters into it.
text: ahead, heat in her eyes.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: I don’t think you know women, Mr.
dialog: Brenner. I’m reasonably sure
dialog: you're not cohabitating with one.
dialog: ‘s outspoken, smart, aggressive, and she really
dialog: wants to nail him.
dialog: Sunhill shakes
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: I did once. But the cave got too
dialog: cramped.
text: her head to herself.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: Thank you. Your analogy helps me
dialog: understand who I'll be dealing with.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Glad to be of assistance. Pull into
dialog: that driveway, please.
text: She sees a sign at gated drive: "Victory Gardens". A complex
text: of brick-fascade townhomes.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: I thought you were going by-the-book.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Give or take a chapter.
dialog: 25
scene_heading: EXT. REAR PATIO ~ CAMPBELL’S UNIT - VICTORY GARDENS - DAY
text: They enter a fenced area. Potted plants, a barbecue, a chaise
text: lounge. Brenner presses the buzzer at the kitchen door.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: This is illegal, Mr. Brenner. You‘re
dialog: jeopardizing the case, not to mention
dialog: your career.
text: Brenner takes out Campbell’s key ring, sorts through the keys.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: My career’s been in jeopardy for some
dialog: time, Ms. Sunhill.
text: The latch clicks, he swings open the door, peers into the dark
text: inside. He turns to Sunhill.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: You armed?
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Back me up.
text: He moves inside.
scene_heading: INT. CAMPBELL’S KITCHEN - DAY
text: Dim light, blinds drawn. Gleaming, sterile. Brenner moves to
text: a door at the end of the kitchen, eases it open, looks inside,
text: closes it. He silently swings a chair out from the table and
text: props it under the knob. Sunhill moves up, her automatic out.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Basement. We‘’ll check it last.
scene_heading: INT. CAMBELL’S BEDROOM/STUDY - DAY
text: Simple and ordinary decor. A tightly-made bed. No frills, no
text: sentiment. Order. Brenner stands at an open closet, the rack
text: hung precisly with civilian clothes and uniforms.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: This place is sanitized.
dialog: 26
text: Sunhill replaces her automatic in her purse. Brenner strolls
text: around the room, moves into the bathroom, back out. Walks to
text: an alcove containing shelving with books. Studies the titles.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: The complete works of Friedrich
dialog: Nietzsche... Remember this old
dialog: favorite? “In revenge and love,
dialog: woman is more barbarous than man."
text: Sunhill stands at the dresser, examining an open jewelry box.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: Spare me the misogyny, Mr. Brenner.
text: Brenner shrugs. He turns to the wall nearby, scans the framed
dialog: plaques, awards, commendations.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: American Red Cross. Victory Gardens
dialog: Safety Council. Volunteer work at
dialog: Children’s Hospital...
text: He looks over at her.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: She was perfect in every way. Made
text: in the USA. White-glove immaculate.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: Is that a clue?
text: His gaze falls on a flat carrying case on a shelf.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Everything is a clue, Sunhill. The
text: lack of clues is a clue.
text: He unzips the case, exposing a notebook computer.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: I guess I haven’t progressed to that
text: level yet. Sounds Zen.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: This lady had no private life. Does
dialog: that not strike you as odd..?
text: He considers her buttoned-down aspect.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Well, maybe not.
dialog: 27
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: That’s very comic... Maybe she was
dialog: what she was. An unimpeachable and
dialog: dedicated officer.
text: He removes the notebook computer from the case.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Sorry, I don’t buy it -- I want this.
dialog: Can you fit it in your handbag?
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: We entered illegally. You know any
dialog: evidence we find won't be admissible.
text: He crosses to her, standing near and sizing up her handbag.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: We admit it into our strategy -- that
dialog: is great perfume.
text: He hands her the computer. She regards him with vigilance.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: I don't wear perfume.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Now I’m really intrigued.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: You‘re not exempt from harassment
dialog: charges, Brenner.
text: She moves to the door, expression stern.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: Let's go down to the basement.
text: Brenner’s eyes light up.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: But we have this great bedroom.
text: Brenner watches her stalk down the stairs, enjoying himself.
scene_heading: INT. CAMPBELL’S BASEMENT - DAY
text: A flourescent light bursts on. The agents scan the basement:
text: Concrete, washer, dryer. Heating and air conditioning ducts.
dialog: 28
text: On the rear wall, a broom closet and a full-color recruiting
text: poster, six-feet high. It features Captain Campbell wearing
text: her battle dress uniform and full field gear.
text: They move toward it. Campbell holds a radiotelephone, checks
text: her watch, her portrayal sexy, strong, gung-ho. The caption:
dialog: “Synchronize Your Life. See Your Army Recruiter Today."
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: I see a subliminal sexual message
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: Point to it.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Well... it’s subliminal. How can I
dialog: point to it?
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: Your mind runs in very small circles.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: It’s only a thread, Sunhill. Part of
text: a vast fabric.
text: She moves away. Brenner remains, gazing at the woman’s image,
text: appreciating her beauty, and wondering who really lived there.
text: Campbell's face looms larger, frozen forever in printer's ink.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL (0.S.)
dialog: I think you better look at this.
text: He turns. She has the broom closet door open, staring within.
text: He moves up next to her. Inside the closet, on a shelf above
text: the brooms and mops, a black camcorder. It rests on its base,
text: turned to the rear of the closet, lens aimed against the wall.
text: Brenner reaches in, slides the camera back, revealing a gap in
text: the plaster where the lens met the wall. They exchange a look
text: and Brenner presses in, peering at the gap.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: Is something behind there?
speaker_heading: BRENNER
text: Maybe. It’s dark. I can’t see in.
dialog: 29
text: Heavy footsteps shudder the ceiling. The agents whip around.
text: Sunhill wrestles her pistol free. The basement stairs creak.
text: A large man in a suit is descending.
text: Brenner nudges the closet door shut. The man stops short, his
text: eyes lighting on them. Heavy face, pitted skin. Built like a
text: refrigerator. Sunhill trains her semi-auto on him.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: CID..! Identify yourself!
text: Ignoring her weapon, he raises a police radio-phone, thumbs it
text: on, the line crackling.
speaker_heading: YARDLEY
dialog: Big Cat... Where’s the detail I
dialog: ordered to secure this townhouse
dialog: over to goddamn Victory Gardens?
text: His face inflames, staring at the intruders, the phone hisses.
speaker_heading: DISPATCHER (V.0.)
dialog: They should be there, Chief.
text: The floor shakes overhead. Two eager and oversized patrolman
text: clamber down the stairs, stopping short. They see the agents,
text: the gun, both grab at their holsters. Yardley growls at them.
speaker_heading: YARDLEY
dialog: Leave it..! Goddamn g’rillas...
text: Brenner glances at Sunhill. He nods to her weapon. Maybe it
dialog: would be a good idea to put it away. She does. Brenner one-
text: hands his wallet, flashing his badge.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Agents Brenner and Sunhill. From
dialog: Fort Hadley. We’re investigating
dialog: the homicide of Captain Campbell.
text: Yardley moves into the basement, the patrolmen trailing him.
text: He stands across from the agents, clearly restraining a will
text: to do harm. His voice is native Dixie and under hard duress.
speaker_heading: YARDLEY
dialog: I been notified. Did you obtain a
dialog: search warrant, Mr. Brenner?
text: Sunhill glances at Brenner, shifting her handbag, the notebook
text: computer buldging inside it.
dialog: 30
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: We're working on it.
text: Yardley breathes out a long sigh. His patrolmen take menacing
text: positions behind him.
speaker_heading: -YARDLEY
dialog: I am very upset that you are here.
text: Sunhill, commanding and smart, steps forward,
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: Chief Yardley, this is a priority
dialog: investigation. It’s important our
dialog: agencies work in a combined effort
dialog: on this.
text: Yardley gazes on her curiously. He shakes his head, bemused.
speaker_heading: YARDLEY
dialog: Women in the Army...
text: He gestures toward the poster of Captain Campbell.
speaker_heading: YARDELY
dialog: Look at that. She’s got sixty pounds
dialog: of field gear. How’s she gonna squat
dialog: to pee?
text: The patrolmen chuckle appreciatively. Sunhill’s face tightens
text: in anger. Brenner gives her a sidelong glance. She should’ve
dialog: known better.
speaker_heading: YARDLEY
dialog: Come here, Wade.
text: Wade, the larger of the patrolman, assumes a serious, official
text: demeanor, steps next to the Chief.
speaker_heading: YARDLEY
dialog: It was your responsibility to seal
dialog: these premises, am I correct?
speaker_heading: WADE
dialog: Chief, I had to get fueled.
text: Yardley shakes his head. No excuses. Wade becomes morose.
speaker_heading: WADE
dialog: Yes, sir. It was.
dialog: 31
speaker_heading: YARDLEY
dialog: And you know we're family, and that I
dialog: depend on your police-work.
speaker_heading: WADE
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: YARDLEY
dialog: Well, then, there's nothing more for
dialog: me to verbalize, is there?
text: Wade nods, swallows, closes his eyes.
speaker_heading: WADE
dialog: No, sir.
text: Yardley throws a massive right. Wham. Wade goes down. Hard.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Jesus...
text: The agents, stunned, gape at the fallen patrolman. Sunhill’s
text: handbag slips from her arm, the computer in it clanking as it
text: hits the floor. She looks down at it, then to Brenner who is
text: staring at her warningly. Yardley sucks on his torn knuckles,
text: seems not to have noticed.
speaker_heading: YARDLEY
dialog: Now... Mr. Brenner. Let me explain
dialog: somethin’. I work on a cooperative
dialog: basis with Fort Hadley. But you got
dialog: to get the proper clearances...
text: Wade groans, lurching to his hands and knees, mouth streaming
text: blood. Without looking at him, Yardley lowers a handkerchief
text: into his reach.
speaker_heading: YARDLEY (CONT‘D)
dialog: Above all, sir, you got to be sure
dialog: you talk to me before you so much
text: as step in a pile of dogshit that‘s
text: situated on civilian property. Am
dialog: I makin’ myself understood?
text: Brenner looks to the second patrolman who observes his fallen
text: partner neutrally. Apparently, he’s seen it before. Sunhill
text: casually recovers her handbag.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: If I give the wrong answer, does the
dialog: other guy go down?
dialog: 32
text: Yardley stands like a sullen rock.
speaker_heading: YARDLEY
dialog: Court order is standard procedure for
dialog: a search, Mr. Brenner. You file your
dialog: document, and I'll see that my cousin
text: Judge Dupree expedites it. Meantime,
dialog: you're trespassin’.
text: Brenner nods, reasonably.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Well, that’s it. The Chief‘s already
dialog: marked this tree.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: We better go, then.
text: They make their way toward the stairs. Chief Yardley’s face
text: is set in hard lines, watching them.
speaker_heading: YARDLEY
dialog: Mr. Brenner...
text: Brenner turns back to hin.
speaker_heading: YARDLEY
dialog: Walk carefully in Midland.
scene_heading: INT. SUNHILL'S MUSTANG - PARKING LOT - VICTORY GARDENS - DAY
text: Sunhill pulls out, still shaken. Brenner looks over at her.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: There’s something in that basement.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: He’s going to try and jam us on the
dialog: warrant.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: We’re going around him.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: This case is doomed.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: The motto of the CID is -- "Do what
dialog: has to be done." You can look it
text: up in the manual.
dialog: re
dialog: all
dialog: 33
text: She glares straight ahead.
text: Brenner scowls
text: She smolders.
text: The car weaves.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: I’1ll say this for you -- you live up
dialog: to your billing. Arrogant, inflated
dialog: and careless.
text: at her.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Listen, Sunhill -- I’m at the rank
dialog: where I get respect. I was in the
dialog: middle of a shooting war when you
dialog: were carrying your lunch pail.
dialog: I’ve spent three-quarters of your
dialog: age in this outfit.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: (acidly)
dialog: You're a lean, mean killing machine.
dialog: Death from the skies. Is that it?
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: That’s not bad.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Let's dust this computer for prints,
dialog: then get a tech on it. And don’t
dialog: make any plans tonight. We’re going
text: back to the townhouse.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Watch the road.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN BOULEVARD - FORT HADLEY - DAY
text: An open post.
text: Civilian traffic and Army vehicles. Sunhill’s
text: Mustang moves along a street bordered by WWII-era whitewashed
text: bungalows set back on wide dry lawns.
speaker_heading: DIXON (V.0O.)
text: This unit has a hard disk failure,
dialog: Mr. Brenner...
dialog: 34
scene_heading: INT. DIXON'S OFFICE - CID UNIT - DAY
text: Campbell's notebook computer is on, the screen displaying the
text: error message. Specialist Dixon, a female agent, sits before
text: it, tapping the keyboard. Brenner and Sunhill stand over her.
speaker_heading: DIXON
dialog: It may have been exposed to heat or
dialog: excessive vibration...
text: Brenner conveys a dire look to Sunhill.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: I want those files, Dixon.
text: They all stare at the screen dimly.
speaker_heading: DIXON
dialog: I'll have to open the unit and run
dialog: an internal check. It's gonna take
dialog: some time.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: That's something we don’t have.
text: Specialist Dixon nods, goes to work.
speaker_heading: KENT (V.O.)
dialog: Here’s the status: We got the grid
dialog: search going and sent the dogs out...
scene_heading: INT. PROVOST MARSHAL’S BUILDING ~ FORT HADLEY - DAY
text: Brenner, Sunhill and Major Kent move down the faded linoleum
text: of the hallway, a succession of hard, tattooed kids in battle
text: dress and MP armbands snapping off perfect, vertical salutes.
speaker_heading: KENT (CONT’D)
dialog: Nothing so far... General Campbell's
dialog: adjutant will contact you regarding a
dialog: brief interview. And I have Captain
dialog: Campbell’s files in my office, along
text: with a lecture tape from Psy-Ops.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Who was her CO at the school?
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Colonel Moore. Head-shrinker. And
dialog: real strange.
dialog: 35
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Tell him we want to see him today.
text: They walk through a busy office area, turn down another hall.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Check. Last item: Colonel Hellmann's
dialog: in from HQ at seventeen-hundred hours
dialog: to see the General. You’re to meet
text: him at the airfield.
text: Brenner looks at him. Kent grins. He can hardly wait for the
text: outcome. And Sunhill shifts her eyes to him, meaningfully. A
text: beheading on the tarmac. Brenner is angered.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Probably another commendation.
text: They stop at a door with a heavy glass window. Inside, a sad-
text: looking sergeant with a leathery face sits smoking at a table.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Sergeant St. John. Private Robbins
text: is waiting in another room.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Didn‘t happen to sign a confession,
dialog: did he?
text: Kent, an old headbreaker, cracks his knuckles, flashes a grin.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: I could put on some sap gloves and
dialog: get you one.
scene_heading: INT. PSY-OPS LAB - DAY
text: A violent blur of fangs and fur slams against the wires of its
text: cage -- a rhesus monkey, shrieking and yammering, its fangs on
text: prominent display. Past it, a line of rattling cages occupied
text: by crazed primates raising a cacaphonous din.
text: At a lab counter, a man in white, working on a computer among
text: a clutter of electronic equipment. Brenner and Sunhill stand
text: in the open doorway.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: (over the noise)
dialog: Colonel?
dialog: 36
text: Colonel Moore peers up at them, lips twisted. He turns a knob
text: on an amplifier, an ultrasonic wave shudders, the racket from
text: the cages instantly ceases. A dozen monkeys stare silently at
text: him, red-eyed with fear and hatred.
text: Moore regards the agents. A short man. High, domed forehead.
text: Messianic eyes behind smeared glasses. Lab coat well-sprayed
dialog: with monkey piss.
speaker_heading: MOORE
dialog: Ultrasonic. They hate that.
text: Brenner and Sunhill stare at the cages, then Moore, unsettled.
speaker_heading: MOORE
dialog: The study of induced aggression for
dialog: war applications.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: How do you induce the aggression?
speaker_heading: MOORE
dialog: I‘m getting excellent results with
dialog: pharmaceutical cocaine.
text: Brenner looks sidelong at Sunhill.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: We're here regarding the murder of
dialog: Captain Campbell, sir.
speaker_heading: MOORE
dialog: (woodenly)
dialog: Shocking. I’m in a state of profound
dialog: distress.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Did you have a close relationship
dialog: with the deceased, Colonel?
speaker_heading: MOORE
dialog: I considered her my protege.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: How would you describe her?
speaker_heading: MOORE
dialog: Skilled, intelligent, charismatic
dialog: courageous, and utterly dedicated.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Did she have any good qualities?
dialog: 37
text: Moore's eyes become scalpels.
dialog: The agents are
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: That was a joke, Colonel.
speaker_heading: MOORE
dialog: This is hardly an appropriate time
dialog: for levity.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Sorry, sir, the left side of my brain
dialog: got the better of me... Was Captain
dialog: Campbell seeing anybody? Dating? A
dialog: boyfriend?
speaker_heading: MOORE
dialog: Captain Campbell considered men weak
dialog: and contemptible.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: This was a personal view she shared
dialog: with you?
speaker_heading: MOORE
dialog: Professionally. I was her therapist.
text: given pause. Brenner wants some clarification.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: You provided Captain Campbell with
dialog: psychological counseling, Colonel?
text: Moore's glasses glint frostily, Brenner’s implication evident.
speaker_heading: MOORE
dialog: You're very quick, aren‘’t you?
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: We'll need your transcripts.
speaker_heading: MOORE
dialog: There are no transcripts. That was
dialog: our arrangement.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: That’'s highly unusual, isn’t it?
speaker_heading: MOORE
dialog: The term "unusual" has no application
dialog: in the frontier of psychology.
dialog: 38
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Well, we still use it out here in the
dialog: frontier of homicide, Colonel. And
dialog: we think it’s unusual that as her
dialog: superior and her therapist you’re not
dialog: cooperating in this investigation.
text: A rhesus shrieks out, the agents jump. Moore, unfazed, stands
text: before the cage. He and the monkey lock eyes.
speaker_heading: MOORE
dialog: You’ve stumbled into the wrong door,
dialog: Mr. Brenner. When and if you
dialog: stumble into the right one, the real
dialog: investigation will begin.
text: The animal shrinks before Moore’s will. Its black, primordial
text: eyes recording him: Mortal enemy.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: You're a very spooky man, Colonel.
dialog: If you're withholding information
dialog: relevant to this case, I'll make
dialog: sure you see a court martial.
text: Moore looks up from the cage, triumphant. Man over beast. He
text: moves to the amplifier, rests his hand on the knob.
speaker_heading: MOORE
dialog: I can’t tell you how frightened I am.
dialog: If I'm a suspect, arrest me, and I'1i
dialog: exercise my rights as such -- if not,
dialog: then I’m extremely busy.
text: He cuts the ultrasonic sound. The monkeys, unleashed, screech
text: out, their angry clamor ricocheting deafeningly off the tiles.
text: The agents, assaulted, retreat. Moore smiles happily, bending
text: to his computer.
scene_heading: A HIGH-DECIBEL WAR SHRIEK
text: rings out joltingly, a blood-chilling, piercing, primal scream
text: demonic in its fury. It issues from a woman’s open mouth, her
text: teeth flashing, eyes aflame.
dialog: 39
scene_heading: CAPTAIN ANN CAMPBELL
text: ends the shriek, shockwaves reverberating. Her face instantly
text: composed. She smiles.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Good morning...
scene_heading: INT. LECTURE HALL - PSYOPS SCHOOL
text: She stands on a rostrum, immaculate in battle fatigues, gazing
text: out over an audience of stunned soldiers.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL (CONT'D)
dialog: Today we discuss applications for
dialog: psycholgical warfare -- how we can
text: use it to loosen the sphincters of
dialog: opposing forces...
text: Tense laughter. Campbell smiles again, assured, poised, sexy.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Psychological warfare plants the
text: poisonous seeds of doubt. It paves
dialog: the way for fear and panic. Deep,
text: paralyzing, free-floating anxiety...
text: She stares out over the audience.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: That same fear and panic, instilled
dialog: in a troop commander can cause even
dialog: more havoc. Our objective is to
dialog: render leaders useless. How..? By
dialog: knowing our enemies. Exploiting
dialog: weaknesses. Undermining strengths.
dialog: Manipulating... Mind~fucking...
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL'’S IMAGE
text: becomes grainier, playing from a television screen.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL (V.0.)
dialog: Excuse, me -- mind-fudging -- because
dialog: we're on tape today...
text: Audience laughter. Her face in close-up. Her eyes hazardous.
dialog: 40
scene_heading: BRENNER AND SUNHILL
text: sit in his darkened office, staring at Campbell’s image on the
text: screen. The screen blanks, they are still, the VCR rewinding.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: That was a dangerous woman.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: I like her.
text: Brenner looks over at her. She looks back at him, unblinking.
scene_heading: EXT. AIRFIELD - FORT HADLEY - EVENING
text: An eight-passenger C-21A dips down from the purple clouds and
text: skims the runway, turbo-fan engines screaming. Dust explodes
text: from its landing gear.
text: Brenner and Sunhill stand at the edge of the tarmac, watching.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
text: Der Oberfuhrer has arrived.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: I have a feeling this is where we
dialog: part company.
text: They hold a stare, hers confident, his calculating. The plane
text: taxis toward them, heat shimmering off on the runway.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: I wouldn’t rock the boat, Sunhill.
dialog: Right now, it’s you and me, and
dialog: we can solve this. It would doa
dialog: lot for your career. Know what’s
dialog: gonna happen if Hellmann puts his
dialog: team on? Bunch of male hotshots?
dialog: You'll end up serving the coffee.
text: She regards him uncertainly. He nods. Something to think on.
scene_heading: EXT. C-21A - RUNWAY - EVENING
text: Colonel Hellmann moves down the ramp, bearing a valise and a
text: severe expression. His adjutant, Lt. Rogers, following him.
text: Brenner and Sunhill salute. Hellmann ignores Brenner, gives
text: Sunhill a charming smile.
dialog: 41
speaker_heading: HELLMANN
dialog: Ms. Sunhill. I’m glad you were able
dialog: to transfer to this case.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: Sir.
text: He transfers his gaze to Brenner, charm drained.
speaker_heading: HELLMANN
dialog: I see that you’ve been debauching
dialog: yourself.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: It’s called lack of sleep, sir.
speaker_heading: HELLMANN
dialog: I'm going to remedy that. I intend
dialog: to replace you.
text: Brenner subverts an urge to kill him. A staff car is pulling
text: up nearby. Hellmann's transport to the General's house. The
text: group starts walking toward it.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Yes, sir. But I don’t think that
dialog: would be wise.
speaker_heading: HELLMANN
dialog: Why wouldn't it be wise?
text: They pass a line of dark and lethal AH-64 Apache helicopters.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: This is a very sensitive case, sir.
dialog: And our findings so far say it’s
dialog: gonna get a lot more sensitive. A
dialog: team will step all over it. You
dialog: need a low-profile, a delicate hand.
speaker_heading: HELLMANN
dialog: Delicacy isn’t a word that occurs to
dialog: me when I think of you, Mr. Brenner.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: That’s where Ms. Sunhill comes in,
dialog: sir. My expertise, her finesse...
text: Sunhill throws a stabbing look at Brenner.
dialog: 42
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: This case gets very tangled, Colonel.
dialog: We‘re already untying the knots. We
dialog: can bring it home. In record time.
speaker_heading: HELLMANN
dialog: Is this a clumsy attempt to deceive
dialog: me, Ms. Sunhill?
text: They both look at her.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: We have some... strong leads, sir.
speaker_heading: HELLMANN
dialog: Twelve hours into the investigation,
dialog: I’d expect nothing less. I'm certain
dialog: whatever leads you have will be put
dialog: to good use by the incoming team, of
dialog: which you will be a part.
text: Sunhill bleakly considers her part with the team. They arrive
text: at the staff car. The driver salutes.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: Sir, we expect a major break in the
dialog: investigation by tonight.
text: Hellmann turns, his full attention on her. She’s in it now.
speaker_heading: HELLMANN
dialog: A major break?
text: Brenner’s eyes urge her to plunge ahead.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: Yes, sir. It’s... going to blow this
text: case wide open.
text: Hellmann stares measuredly at her.
speaker_heading: HELLMANN
dialog: I’m leaving at o-six-hundred. You
dialog: have til then to substantiate that.
text: He pauses before entering the car, turning to Brenner.
dialog: 43
speaker_heading: HELLMANN
dialog: If it goes unsubstantiated, you, Mr.
dialog: Brenner, will answer to a board of
text: inquiry, seven steely-eyed officers
dialog: who will eat your ass for lunch...
dialog: Long overdue, in my opinion.
text: He closes the door. The agents stand in the twilight watching
text: the car drive away.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: You’re coming around.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: We have maybe twelve hours. What
dialog: if there isn’t anything behind that
dialog: basement wall?
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Then I’1ll have some company at the
dialog: top of Hellmann’s shit list.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: Why are you on that list?
text: They begin toward her car. She stares insistently at him.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
text: It’s under the bridge, Sunhill.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: That’s not good enough.
text: Brenner keeps walking. She grabs his arm, halting him, eyes
text: intense, on his.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: You were a top agent a few years ago.
dialog: What happened?
text: Brenner frowns, looking out over the airfield, heat rising in
text: the red twilight.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
text: There was a case. A captain who was
text: beating his wife up on a regular
dialog: basis. I had enough for an arrest --
dialog: felony battery.
text: She waits for more. Brenner is not forthcoming.
dialog: 44
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: That’s it?
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: No. She told me she was terrified
dialog: he’d end up killing her. But the
dialog: captain had an outstanding record
text: and some high-ranking friends. It
dialog: was strongly suggested I should act
dialog: in the best interests of the Army
dialog: and drop it.
text: She surmises the rest from his grim profile.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: But you didn’t.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: No. I did. And ten days later he
text: beat her to death with his hands.
text: He faces her, his eyes stark. An Army chopper rams overhead,
text: lights blinking in the red sky.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: There was an inquiry. Same people
dialog: who wanted the case dropped turned
dialog: around and helped rake me over the
dialog: coals. Hellmann was one ‘em. But
dialog: they were right about one thing --
dialog: I didn’t do my job.
text: Sunhill watches him somberly.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: It comes down to this -- The Army’s
dialog: all I have. I didn’t want to risk
dialog: it. So I went along, and she lost
dialog: her life for it. I’m only on this
dialog: case because an old friend threw me
text: a rope.
text: He moves for the car.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: I going all the way on this, Brenner.
dialog: Can I count on you?
text: He turns, considering the question.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: I don’t know.
dialog: 45
scene_heading: EXT. CAPTAIN CAMPBELL’S TOWNHOUSE - NIGHT
text: Lightless windows. Police tape. Parked in the shadows by the
text: front door, a patrol car. Two officers behind the windshield.
scene_heading: EXT. PATIO - TOWNHOUSE - NIGHT
text: Sunhill watches him through the slats of the privacy fencing.
text: Behind her, Brenner has a penlight trained on the police lock
text: barring the kitchen entry. He takes out a screwdriver, starts
text: prying the lock on the sliding glass door.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT - CAMPBELL’S TOWNHOUSE - NIGHT
text: The penlight glares. They stand before the open broom closet,
text: the camcorder illuminated.
text: Brenner slides the camera off the shelf. He opens it and they
text: both look down at the film cassette still inside. He hands it
text: to Sunhill, uses his penlight to probe the hole where the lens
text: met the wall.
text: He ducks out of the closet, searching along the wall with his
text: light. It hits Captain Campbell's poster, her features eerily
text: illuminated. He runs his light over the poster frame.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Okay.
text: He is staring at one side of the frame, slightly ajar from the
text: wall. He takes hold of it and the poster swings out on blind
text: hinges. Revealing a doorway.
text: The agents gape inside, Brenner's penlight piercing the black.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: My God.
scene_heading: INT. HIDDEN ROOM - DAY
text: Brenner snaps a light switch. The agents enter slowly, taking
text: the room in, astonished.
text: The furnishings and color scheme are whorehouse-chic. Over a
text: four-poster bed, a huge, violent, acrylic depicting a bull-
text: like satyr and a nymph in the throes of thundering copulation.
dialog: 46
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: I don’t like where this is going.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Welcome to the lower-depths.
text: Brenner moves past a T.V. and VCR on a dresser, opens the door
text: on an antique wardrobe. A rack of specialty clothes. Leather
text: and red lace. Spiked heels, riding crops.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Jesus Christ... Nurse. Dominatrix.
dialog: Lingerie Queen.
text: Sunhill pulls out a drawer, her eyes widening. Neatly stowed
text: within, tools for erotic pleasure: oils, lubricants, manacles,
text: devices of rubber and metal, obsessively ordered, categorized.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
text: This place is set-up for traffic.
dialog: What was she doing? Running a
text: bordello right under the nose of
dialog: the U.S. Army?
text: Sunhiull is bewildered, and angered. She rips open the next
text: drawer -- Triple xX-videos, alphabetized. Hauls out another,
text: spilling a heap of crisply laundered sheets and towels. She
text: stares down at them, resentfully.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: It isn’t about sex. Everything's
dialog: organized, clinical. It’s cold.
dialog: Why did she do it?
text: Brenner sees her conflict.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: She had some problems. This is where
dialog: they climbed out.
text: She looks at him.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: I‘d say this qualifies as that major
dialog: break, wouldn’t you?
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPBELL‘S TOWNHOUSE - NIGHT
text: A bright flashlight beam pierces the night. A big silhouette
text: moves up behind it. Wade, Yardley’s patrolman, mouth bruised.
dialog: 47
text: He ambles along the front of the townhouse, throwing his light
text: on the windows and shrubbery. He turns at the building's edge
text: and begins toward the rear.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT - TOWNHOUSE - NIGHT
text: Brenner is reflected in a wall-sized mirror, holding a pen to
text: the glass. He turns to Sunhill.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: This is two-way. She was rolling
dialog: home videos.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: Starring who, Brenner?
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: My guess is, the armed forces. Let
dialog: me have that cassette,
text: Brenner moves next to her, turns on the TV and VCR. Sunhill
text: gets uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: You’re going to run that now?
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Preview.
text: Reluctantly, she gives the cassette to him. He slides it in.
speaker_heading: THE SCREEN
text: blips on, a poorly-lit recording cuts in. Two naked, heaving
text: bodies engaged in savage intercourse. The man, on the bottom,
text: not clearly seen. The woman, on top, stunningly identifiable.
text: Captain Ann Campbell. Full breasted, hair tangled, riding her
text: partner on the four poster bed like a banshee.
text: The sequence cuts out. Another interlude jogs in. The light
text: bad, but not so bad that Campbell can’t be identified again,
text: receiving the strokes of a lash held by a different man, tall
text: and lean and standing half-out of the len’s view.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: Turn it off.
dialog: ss
dialog: 48
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Wait a minute. This last guy looks
dialog: familiar.
text: The action reverses as Brenner rewinds. He freezes the frame
text: on the the man with the lash, shirtless, face in profile, his
text: features defining into sudden, shocking clarity.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: (jarred)
dialog: Brenner...
text: She and Brenner stare, dumbfounded.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
text: Major Kent.
scene_heading: EXT. REAR PATIO - TOWNHOUSE - NIGHT
text: Wade stands at the sliding glass door, frowning, his light on
text: the jimmied latch. Beyond the patio fencing, a car starts up.
text: Wade stamps over to the gate, ramming through it. Glares out
text: at a Mustang, lights off, speeding away across the lot. He
text: jerks his police radio up, dashing for the front of the unit.
scene_heading: EXT. RESERVATION ROAD - FORT HADLEY - NIGHT
text: The Mustang shoots down a long empty strip of asphalt bordered
text: by a black wall of trees.
scene_heading: INT. MUSTANG ~ RESERVATION ROAD - NIGHT
text: Sunhill drives swiftly. Lights hit her rear view mirror. She
text: stares into it. Closing in on her rear at high speed, a large
text: rust-colored vehicle.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
text: There’s a truck behind us.
text: Brenner turns around as the truck looms up in the back window.
text: It rides their bumper, then pulls out to pass, engine roaring.
text: The agents look over to it as it comes up even. A big, dented
text: flatbed, two men in the cab, the driver huge, the passenger
text: leaning out his window, leering at them with a strange leather
text: harness clamped to his face.
dialog: 49
text: The truck pulls ahead. Chained to the back, a greasy pit bull
text: lunging against his chain and barking dementedly. The flatbed
text: shoots up the road, exhaust ripping the air, harness-face half
text: out his window, his jubilant howl trailing.
text: Sunhill swerves the car, jarred by the exhibition.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: Good lord. Who the hell is that?
text: Brenner stares ahead grimly. He knows who it is.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: Brenner, that man had something on
text: his face.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
text: He’s wearing a dog muzzle.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: What?
text: She looks at him, perplexed.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: You had to have been there.
text: The flatbed, far ahead, disappears around a bend in the road.
scene_heading: EXT. RESERVATION ROAD - FURTHER - NIGHT
text: The Mustang blows past a roadsign: "Leaving Fort Hadley". It
text: sweeps into the bend the flatbed vanished around.
scene_heading: INT. MUSTANG - NIGHT
text: Sunhill cranks around the turn, accelerates. As she does, the
text: road ahead comes into view, and they both gape at the wheeled
text: farming implement that rushes up in the headlights, a bladed
text: disk harrow pulled broadside in their path.
text: Sunhill screams. Brenner flinches. She jogs the wheel right.
scene_heading: EXT. MUSTANG - ROAD - NIGHT
text: The brakes scorch, the car plows sideways toward the machinery
text: in screen of tire smoke, narrowly avoiding the blades, leaving
text: the road, cleaving a wire fence, slamming through brush, right
text: hand wheels dropping into a drainage ditch.
dialog: 50
text: The car skids aslant, metal shearing, sparks flying, comes at
text: last to a grinding halt under the trees.
scene_heading: INT. MUSTANG - NIGHT
text: The interior turned at an angle, the driver’s airbag inflated.
text: Sunhill slides out from behind it, tumbles against Brenner who
text: is slung tight against his seatbelt. He looks dazedly out his
text: window, the bottom of the ditch a foot and half from his face.
text: In the hot quiet, a backwoods baritone floats from the trees.
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Tear ‘em up!
text: Clawed feet scrabble. Something is bounding through brush and
text: moving rapidly toward them. Brenner and Sunhill stare out the
text: window, panic in their eyes.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: Brenner. The dog.
text: Sunhill lifts herself off Brenner. He struggles furiously to
text: free himself as the sound of cracking brush and pounding paws
dialog: closes in. :
text: Brenner’s arm is pinned by his weight. He tries to wrench it
text: loose. A malevolent rumble. They freeze.
text: Above them, in the dark at the top of the ditch, the pit bull,
text: wedge-headed, fangs glistening. It scans them with a killer’s
text: eyes, shoulders and chest bunched with muscle.
speaker_heading: SUNEILL
dialog: Brenner... do something.
text: The dog’s heavy jaws drop open, strings of spittle suspending.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Nice doggy...
text: The animal leaps in flying snarl. Brenner wrests his service
text: automatic from his shoulder holster. The gun cracks, bucking
text: in his hand, the dog yelps, slain in mid-leap. It soars over
text: them and thumps solidly against the roof of the car.
text: Someone screams from the trees, an anguished, vengeful howl.
text: A deeper voice is heard in reprimand. The doors of a vehicle
text: clunk closed, a big engine fires. The flatbed pulls away, the
text: sound of it receding.
dialog: 51
text: Brenner and Sunhill sag, drained. In a few moments, the sound
text: of another vehicle is heard. They raise up, listening, as it
text: swerves suddenly off the asphalt, bumps slowly up through the
text: weeds, stops nearby. The door opens, footsteps crunch closer.
text: Brenner angles his pistol toward the top of the ditch. A pair
text: of boots appear above them. Chief Yardley squats down with a
text: flashlight, examing the Mustang's roof.
speaker_heading: YARDLEY
dialog: Damn, that’s an ugly dog. Anybody
dialog: hurt down there?
text: The light probes Brenner’s face.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Nope. dust chillin’.
speaker_heading: YARDLEY
dialog: Mr. Brenner, you and the lady are
dialog: both very lucky. This could have
dialog: been a serious accident.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: We had an airbag.
speaker_heading: YARDLEY
dialog: Who put this harrow out here in the
dialog: road like this?
speaker_heading: BRENNER
text: Clem, the mad rutabaga farmer.
text: A delirious laugh escapes Sunhill. Yardley’s eyes are slits.
speaker_heading: YARDLEY
dialog: I tried to warn you about Midland.
dialog: Folks hereabouts are touchy. Is
dialog: there anything you might have done
dialog: that offended someone?
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: I’m searching my mind...
speaker_heading: YARDLEY
dialog: We need a cohesive strategy here,
text: Mr. Brenner. A cooperative plan
dialog: to achieve our mutual objective,
dialog: which is findin’ the scum killed
dialog: Miss Campbell.
dialog: 52
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: I couldn’t have said it better.
speaker_heading: YARDLEY
dialog: Here’s my proposal. You give me what
dialog: you got, I‘ll give you what I’ve got.
dialog: We'll trade information. How’s that
dialog: sound?
text: Brenner starts to tell him. A vehicle roars by on the highway
text: at high speed. Yardley jumps up with his radio.
speaker_heading: YARDLEY
dialog: (into radio)
text: BACK HERE! BACK HERE, MORONS!
text: No reponse. Yardley sprints away in the dark. Brenner hauls
text: himself out of the window, kneels in the ditch to help Sunhill
text: through. She drags her purse out, they stand.
text: Yardley is a dark shape on the road, waving his arm, shouting
text: into his radio, the flashing red police lights of the vehicle
text: dwindling.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Chicken-fried-piece-of-shit.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: Let’s get the hell out of here.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Good idea.
text: They climb out of the ditch, fade into the cover of the woods.
scene_heading: EXT. PROVOST MARSHAL’S BUILDING - FORT HADLEY - DAY
text: A row of identical white MP cars. Major Kent, blouse already
text: plastered with sweat, stands at the door of one of them.
text: He turns to the sound of thumping exhaust. A pick-~up glides
text: up behind him. Brenner leans out. The two men stare at one
dialog: another.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Hot.
text: Brenner shuts his truck off, gets out, saunters over.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: What’s on your mind, Brenner?
dialog: 53
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Thought we'd talk.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Talk about what?
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Let’s talk about Captain Campbell.
text: Kent assesses him. Brenner has something.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: All right. Captain Campbell: She
dialog: was an inspiration to us all.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Wholesome. Clean of mind and limb.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Virtuous. Godly. The angel of the
dialog: armed forces.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Sanctified.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Duty, honor and integrity.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: And you were fucking her.
text: Kent sighs, a long, tired exhalation.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: I was seeing her.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: You were ‘seeing’ her?
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: (resigned)
dialog: I was fucking her.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: You were lashing her with a whip.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Let's don’t get personal.
text: He glowers, uncovered, grimly considers his options.
dialog: 54
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: It was a fling ~- all right -- it
dialog: was a full-blooded affair. Christ,
dialog: she was twenty-nine, I'm fifty-two.
dialog: What man could’ve turned that down?
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: This isn’t good, Major.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: I know. But I wasn’t the only one.
dialog: She was a whore, Brenner.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Give me some names.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: I didn’t stand in a line with them.
text: Brenner is ominously silent.
dialog: Brenner stares
dialog: Brenner shakes
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: All right. Yardley. The Chief of
dialog: Police... I had nothing to do with
dialog: her murder.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: You're a prime suspect. Where were
dialog: you between o-twenty-two and o-
dialog: twenty-four hundred hours that night?
speaker_heading: KENT
text: Home in bed.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Your wife can verify that?
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: (bitterly)
text: No. She’s on an extended visit with
dialog: her parents.
text: at him. Kent struggles to hold in his temper.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: You‘ve got me wrong on this. I'm not
dialog: in the best of shape right now. One
dialog: man to another, hold off for a while.
dialog: I can help you find the real culprit.
text: his head.
dialog: 55
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Thirty years as a military policeman
dialog: in this division, Brenner... I want
dialog: to leave with something.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: I’m sorry, Major.
text: Kent becomes deadly silent. Brenner walks to his truck, gets
text: in, starts it. He looks at Kent as he rolls by. Kent stands
text: watching him, forbiddingly.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - RIFLE RANGE SIX - DAY
text: Brenner’s truck moves past an MP checkpoint. It drives past a
text: long row of cars, vans belonging to the forensic team. Ahead,
text: Sunhill, waiting for him outside a rental car. Brenner parks,
text: gets out, moves up to her. M-16 gunfire crackles from nearby.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: We have an appointment with General
text: Campbell at eighteen-hundred hours.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Good,
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: What did Kent give you?
speaker_heading: BRENNER
text: He’s coming unwound. He denied any
dialog: part in the killing, threw Yardley
dialog: at me.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: Kent. Yardley. Moore. And how many
dialog: others? Any one of them could’ve had
dialog: a motive.
text: They begin walking toward the fire control tower. Beyond it,
text: the peak of the team’s canvas pavillion.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: I got the report to Hellmann. Over
dialog: breakfast at the OC. He said he'd
dialog: review it, but I didn’t like the
text: look in his eyes.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
text: Maybe his croissant was stale.
dialog: 56
text: Sunhill regards him tensely.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: We're in trouble, Brenner. Even if
dialog: he keeps us. This case is not a
dialog: straight line. It’s warped. We’ll
dialog: never solve it before the General
dialog: leaves command.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Relax, Sunhill. We have seven days.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: Six.
text: Brenner frowns.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Who's counting?
scene_heading: EXT. PAVILLION - RANGE SIX - DAY
text: Brenner and Sunhill move down a path of tarpaulin toward the
text: berms where the huge, green, open-sided pavillion is erected
text: over the site of the murder.
text: Forensic staff swarm the area, taking casts of indentations,
text: firing cameras, scouring staked-off quadrants on their hands
text: and knees to collect evidence.
text: Officer in Charge Cal Seiver approaches them. A well-trained
text: neurotic, short and bald, wearing a dusty BDU cap and forever
text: piecing together chaos.
speaker_heading: SEIVER
dialog: The entire fucking world danced
text: around the body, Mr. Brenner.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Agent Sunhill, Chief Warrant Officer
dialog: Seiver.
speaker_heading: SEIVER
dialog: Pleased to meet you, Ms. Sunhill.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Any non-military footprints?
text: Seiver looks at their shoes.
speaker_heading: SEIVER
dialog: Yours and hers. I'll need the shoes
dialog: for disqualifying. Everything else
dialog: is boots. Forensics ain't easy when
dialog: everyone's wearing the same fucking
dialog: thing.
text: He takes off his cap, mops sweat from his bald head.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: New memo from the Pentagon, Seiver.
dialog: You are not short and bald. You're
text: a vertically challenged man of scalp.
text: Seiver looks at Sunhill.
speaker_heading: SEIVER
dialog: You have to work with this guy? I
dialog: extend my sympathies.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: Gratefully accepted... Did you find
dialog: any indications of a sexual assault,
dialog: Mr. Seiver?
speaker_heading: SEIVER
dialog: We ran some tests. Pathologist will
dialog: have the final word, but my take on
dialog: it is, she wasn’t raped.
text: Brenner gives Sunhill a meaningful glance.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: What else do you have at this point?
speaker_heading: SEIVER
dialog: We dusted for latent prints, vacuumed
dialog: for trace evidence, analyzed for tool
dialog: marks, and ran some seriology tests.
dialog: To answer your question, we have shit
dialog: at this point.
text: Brenner glances at his watch.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: All right. We requisitioned an empty
dialog: hangar over at Jordon Field. You can
dialog: set up your lab and offices there.
speaker_heading: SEIVER
dialog: Fuckin’ spectacular.
dialog: 58
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: All reports and inquiries go to me,
dialog: sealed and confidential. Instruct
dialog: your people not to talk to anyone,
dialog: particularly the Provost Marshal.
text: Seiver nods, registering the implication here.
speaker_heading: SEIVER
dialog: How’d you pull this case, Brenner?
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Dumb luck.
scene_heading: INT. - BRENNER’S TRUCK - ROAD - FORT HADLEY ~ EVENING
text: Brenner drives, Sunhill jots in her notebook, evergreen blurs.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Okay. No signs of struggle, no signs
text: of rape. Consensual. Orchestrated.
dialog: Ritualistic... What’s that suggest?
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: A sacrifice.
text: He turns to her, struck by the revelation.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: A sacrifice... That’s dead-on. But
dialog: to what?
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: And by whom? Our killer’s hiding
dialog: in a suspect list that’s starting
dialog: to read like the phone book.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: We’ll have to flush him out.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: We throw out the rules.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: Oh, God.
text: Brenner loosens his tie.
dialog: 59
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Had a homicide suspect once. I knew
dialog: he did it. He knew he did it. But
dialog: we had no physical evidence. He was
dialog: carrying this terrible secret around.
dialog: Went to the post chapel every Sunday.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: I know -- you planted the evidence.
text: He gives her a narrow look.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: I capitalized on his sense of guilt.
dialog: Got a confession.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: How did you get a confession?
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: In the confessional... I sat in for
dialog: the chaplain.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: You’ve got to be kidding.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: The man bared his soul to me. I got
dialog: everything. Then I held my badge up
text: to the grill. He was expecting Hail
dialog: Marys... It would have been thrown
dialog: out in court, but after that, how
dialog: could he deny it? So he signed the
dialog: real thing.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: That's reprehensible.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Of course it is. So was the crime.
dialog: I just leveled the playing field.
dialog: And that’s my point. That‘s how we
dialog: get this guy.
text: Sunhill eyes, him, envisioning the end of her career. Brenner
text: slows the truck. Ahead, a drive shaded by magnolias, a wooden
dialog: marker reading: “Residence of General Joseph Campbell".
text: They turn up the drive. Coming into view, an antebellum relic
text: of the Old South. White columns, white iron balustrades, sun
text: declining behind the roofline.
dialog: —_
dialog: 60
scene_heading: EXT. PORCH - GENERAL‘S RESIDENCE - EVENING
text: They stand on the porch. Brenner chimes the bell.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: I’m nervous as hell.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Let me do the talking.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: That's what I’m nervous about.
text: The door opens. A young lieutenant appears. Handsome, broad-
text: shouldered. His name tag reads: “Elby".
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Warrant Officers Brenner and Sunhill
dialog: to see General Campbell.
speaker_heading: ELBY
dialog: I’m the General’s adjutant. Chief of
dialog: Staff Colonel Fowler wishes to speak
dialog: with you beforehand.
scene_heading: INT. GENERAL’S RESIDENCE - EVENING
text: The agents follow Elby to a waiting room. He departs. They
text: remain standing, tense, eyeing the period-style furnishings.
text: In the doorway, Colonel Fowler, in dress-greens with colonel’s
dialog: eagles and insignia of the General Staff. Imposing and case-
text: hardened, a well-used weapon of a man. He moves in, his name
text: tag introducing him. Brenner and Sunhill salute.
speaker_heading: FOWLER
dialog: Please be seated.
text: They take seats. Fowler sits across from them. He examines
text: them sternly, his eyes recording every detail, the slash of
text: an old battle scar angling from ear to jawline.
speaker_heading: FOWLER
dialog: Forgive the recon. I wanted to see
dialog: who was coming into the General’s
text: house. It’s ingrained, singling out
dialog: friends from enemies.
text: His gaze meets Brenner’s.
dialog: 61
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Hope you're not going to radio in
dialog: the rockets, sir.
speaker_heading: FOWLER
dialog: Why? Can‘’t you duck an incoming?
speaker_heading: BRENNER
text: With a day’s advance notice.
text: Fowler sits back, considering him.
speaker_heading: FOWLER
dialog: Hundred and Ninety-Fourth battalion.
dialog: Bantangan Peninsula. LZ Dotty. You
dialog: received a bronze star for carrying a
text: wounded soldier out of a minefield...
text: Sunhill looks at Brenner. He is staring at Fowler.
speaker_heading: FOWLER
dialog: Apparently, you capitalized on your
dialog: weak knees, Mr. Brenner -- Airborne
dialog: School, Ranger School. Two decades
dialog: in the CID. Commendations. Awards
dialog: for valor. A candidate for Master
dialog: Grade Five... and then you fell off
dialog: the map...
text: Fowler’s eyes veer to Sunhill.
speaker_heading: FOWLER
dialog: Agent Sunhill... Masters degree in
dialog: Psychology. Advanced training, FBI
dialog: Academy. Three years as an enlisted
dialog: criminal investigator specializing
dialog: in rape crimes. Solid performance,
dialog: rapid advancement. Experience with
dialog: homocides -- limited.
text: He pauses, both agents watching him warily.
speaker_heading: FOWLER
dialog: I've opened your files. It’s crucial
dialog: we have the best qualified people on
dialog: this. So I’ll be blunt. Is that who
dialog: you are?
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Sir, do you want great reviews or do
dialog: you want results?
dialog: A savage wrath
dialog: 62
speaker_heading: FOWLER
dialog: My requirements are straightforward,
dialog: Mr. Brenner -- Someone has violated
dialog: the very core of this division, and
dialog: I want him found.
text: ices his eyes. Brenner meets them.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: We’re going to have an arrest before
text: the General leaves command, Colonel.
text: Brenner glances at Sunhill.
speaker_heading: FOWLER
dialog: Elaborate.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: Sir, how well did you know Captain
dialog: Campbell?
speaker_heading: FOWLER
dialog: Well enough to deliver a eulogy when
text: her family buries her.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: Did she have a good relationship with
dialog: her father, Colonel?
text: Fowler considers his words.
speaker_heading: FOWLER
dialog: General Campbell is an extraordinary
dialog: soldier, Ms. Sunhill. His daughter
text: was strung with the same steel. She
dialog: was in awe of him, driven to live up
dialog: to his example.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: The fact of the matter is, Colonel,
dialog: she was out of control.
text: Fowler stares at her unblinkingly.
speaker_heading: FOWLER
dialog: Yes. She was endangering her career
dialog: as an officer.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: And the General’s.
dialog: 63
speaker_heading: FOWLER
dialog: And the General's.
text: Everyone is silent.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: You have the floor, sir.
speaker_heading: FOWLER
dialog: Captain Campbell was headstrong and
dialog: willful. Her conduct off-duty had
dialog: become intolerable. I conducted a
dialog: surveillance of her activities at
dialog: the General’s request. It confirmed
dialog: the worst. She was consorting with
dialog: many men.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Were you aware they included Provost
dialog: Marshal Major Kent?
text: The Chief of Staff regards him gravely.
speaker_heading: FOWLER
text: Major Kent’s discharge is pending.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: I’d like to request those files, sir.
speaker_heading: FOWLER
dialog: Major Kent has served this division
dialog: with extreme loyalty. I don’t
dialog: believe he committed this crime, and
dialog: I would be reluctant to release them.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: If that were the case, sir, I’d have
dialog: to subpeona them.
speaker_heading: FOWLER
dialog: You may well, Mr. Brenner. I think
dialog: your perpetrator is outside the
dialog: military. 1’11 stand by my men until
dialog: the evidence tells me otherwise.
text: Brenner nods, he admires the attitude. Fowler smiles, warmth
text: cutting through his harsh exterior.
speaker_heading: FOWLER
dialog: This case seems to be in competent
dialog: hands. Whatever else you need,
dialog: let me know. I’11 do what I can.
dialog: 64
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Thank you, sir.
text: Fowler rises. The agents rise.
speaker_heading: FOWLER
dialog: We'll see the General now. No need
dialog: to salute, quick condolences. Keep
dialog: it short.
scene_heading: INT. GENERAL’S DEN - DAY
text: The agents enter. A dim chamber of polished wood and leather,
text: the drapes drawn. A desk lamp glowing from the dark. Behind
text: the desk, a large man in shadow.
speaker_heading: FOWLER
dialog: Warrant officers Brenner and Sunhill,
dialog: General.
text: Major General Joe Campbell walks forward, wearing battle-dress
text: and a chest-full of medals. His face is craggy, his hand huge
text: as he extends it out.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Our deepest condolences, sir.
speaker_heading: GENERAL CAMPBELL
dialog: Thank you. Please be seated.
text: Voice melancholy, eyes glazed with grief. He nods to Fowler
text: who leaves silently. They all take chairs.
speaker_heading: GENERAL CAMPBELL
dialog: Colonel Fowler and I have served in
dialog: the Army together for forty-three
dialog: years. We were boys in Korea, men
dialog: in Viet Nam, elders in the Gulf. I
dialog: suppose as war becomes an antiquated
dialog: notion, so do we.
text: His smile is pained. Brenner and Sunhill smile back politely.
text: Campbell looks like a fierce Scottish clan chief, a broadsword
text: wielder. His smile leaves him.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: What’s the objective of this meeting?
dialog: 65
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Sir, to collect information that will
text: lead to a swift arrest.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Then you have my full cooperation.
text: He gazes on Sunhill. It is evident that he sees in her youth
dialog: and attractiveness his own daughter.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: Sir, did you see your daughter often?
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Not infrequently. We were to have
dialog: breakfast the morning after she
dialog: was... She never showed, of course.
text: He stares hollowly into her absence.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: What was the nature of that meeting,
dialog: sir?
text: The General reflects, sadly rueful.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Frankly, my daughter required a bit
text: of a dressing down. She was given
dialog: to obstinate behavior on occasion.
dialog: I’d given her an ultimatum. Change
dialog: her ways or incur paternal hellfire.
text: He smiles at her, brokenly.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Perhaps you've experienced that sort
dialog: of episode yourself.
text: The question triggers a tight reaction.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: Yes, sir. My father was a command
dialog: sergeant and a disciplinarian of
dialog: the highest order.
text: Brenner sees animosity flicker in her eyes. The General gazes
text: away from her.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Well... She’s gone to us now.
dialog: 66
text: He sits without moving or speaking. Staring. A long silence
text: passes. On the desk behind him, a decanter of liquor, nearly
text: empty, a half-filled glass.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: I have to ask this, sir: where were
dialog: you on the night of her death?
text: Campbell stirs himself.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: At my office at HQ. I was working
text: late with Colonel Fowler.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: What time did you leave, sir?
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
text: At about twenty-three-hundred hours.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: General, did you have have any
dialog: contact whatever with your daughter
dialog: on that night?
text: Campbell’s eyes turn clouded, desconsolate.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: No.
text: The General slowly rises. They rise. This session is over.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Sir, is there anything we can do for
dialog: you?
text: He looks down on Brenner darkly, his voice very low.
speaker_heading: GENERAL CAMPBELL
dialog: Find the son of a bitch who killed
dialog: her.
scene_heading: EXT. GENERAL CAMPBELL’S RESIDENCE - EVENING
text: Lieutenant Elby closes the door behind the agents. They step
text: off the porch, move toward Brenner’s truck.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: Maybe he’s the son of a bitch.
dialog: 67
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: What‘s wrong with you? You saw the
text: way she was killed. The General is
text: clearly shattered by this.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
text: He’s still accepting his appointment
dialog: to the Council. He hasn’t said he’s
text: out of the next Presidential race.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: This father-daughter thing’s really
dialog: hitting a nerve, isn’t it?
text: His words elicit a withering look.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: It's obvious Captain Campbell was
dialog: repressed by this man her whole
text: life. He pushed her down and she
dialog: was going all out against it.
dialog: That’s the reason she was killed.
text: Brenner stares at her. They stop at the truck.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Don‘t let your personal biases get
dialog: in the way, Sunhill. You’ll start
dialog: forcing the pieces to make ‘em fit.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: My personal biases? This is a men’s
dialog: club. I’m the woman, Brenner. It’s
dialog: called objectivity.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Better come up with more than that.
text: She looks at him meaningfully.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: I will.
scene_heading: INT. GYM - FORT HADLEY - DAY
text: The slam of gloves against a heavy bag. Sunhill is throwing a
text: swift, solid series of combinations into the canvas, her gym
text: clothes sweated through. She huffs out, her blows aggressive,
text: her teeth clenched in anger.
dialog: 68
text: Brenner, in a nicely tailored gray suit, stands in the doorway
text: beyond, watching her.
dialog: Sunhill turns,
text: She strips off
text: She picks up a
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Anybody I know?
text: breathing hard.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: Chances are good.
text: her gloves. She looks like she hasn’t slept.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: I went through her files last night.
dialog: All of them. Exemplary history.
dialog: Until you go back to the beginning...
text: towel, Brenner watching her.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: West Point. Evaluation on admission
dialog: was good. But third year evaluation
text: plunged. Apparently, she fell apart.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Fell apart?
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: Grades, attitude. She had a series
dialog: of consultations with an Army
dialog: dector named Zaccardo. The records
text: are missing, but his conclusion’s on
dialog: the evaluation -- stress syndrome.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: And you don’t buy it?
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: I think there’s something else here.
dialog: This woman was acting out her anger,
dialog: rage. Maybe there was an incident,
dialog: some kind of traumatic event. It’s
dialog: worth tracking down.
text: Brenner considers it. Her eyes are on him, intense, full of
dialog: conviction.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: I understand her, Brenner. I know
dialog: who she was,
dialog: 69
scene_heading: INT. HANGAR - JORDAN FIELD - DAY
text: Seiver’s forensic operation is installed within the cavernous
text: space, arched girders soaring high overhead, the commotion of
text: his staff echoing.
text: Sunhill and Brenner move past Captain Campbell's humvee, walls
text: of bulletin boards, photos, maps, diagrams, computers, phones,
text: vast tables of bagged and tagged evidence.
text: They enter the lab section. Seiver stands before three coffee
text: urns, irritably trying to get half a cup filled.
speaker_heading: SEIVER
dialog: You want me to go without sleep, get
dialog: me some fuckin’ caffeine.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Get me some results, I’11 buy you an
dialog: expresso machine.
speaker_heading: SEIVER
dialog: Start shopping. Item one: Captain
text: Campbell’s clothes and dogtags were
dialog: recovered at Range Six. They were
text: found in a plastic trash bag on the
text: roof of a latrine.
text: They walk to another section of the lab. Corkboard partitions
text: display a detailed diagram of the range, bristling with multi-
text: colored pinheads designating prints. A table holds dozens of
text: numbered plaster castings of impressions.
speaker_heading: SEIVER
dialog: Item Two: Lots of tracks. We matched
dialog: up the ones we thought were pertinent
dialog: and fed everything into the computer.
text: Seiver stands at a computer monitor, hammers some keys, brings
text: up a graphic image. Footprints. They step across the screen
text: in a described pattern, as if an invisible being were leaving
text: tread marks in its wake.
speaker_heading: SEIVER (CONT'D)
dialog: That gave us the print sequence for
dialog: individual tracks. We analyzed the
dialog: ones closest to the body...
text: The screen brings up a three-dimensional image, two bootprints
text: created with netted contour lines, one overlaying the other.
dialog: 70
speaker_heading: SEIVER
text: This is Sergeant St. John’s boot and
text: the print it overlays is Major Kent's
text: boot. Indicating Kent arrived on the
text: scene before St. John's discovery.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Is that positive?
speaker_heading: SEIVER
dialog: I’m surmising. We have two military
dialog: bootprints of the same make and same
dialog: tread depth, made within hours of
dialog: each other. If you want positive,
dialog: I’1l send the photos and casts to an
dialog: expert.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: I want positive. Get it on a plane.
speaker_heading: SEIVER
dialog: Right. I have two sets of bootprints
dialog: here that haven't been ID'd yet.
text: Brenner canvasses the area. He sees a junior agent struggling
text: with a stack of reports. He whistles shrilly, waves him over.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR AGENT
dialog: Sirt
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: We need some boots for the lab. The
dialog: Post Commander’s. The Chief of
text: Staff’s. Colonel Moore at Psy-Ops.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR AGENT
dialog: Yes, sir... General Campbell, sir?
dialog: And Colonel Fowler?
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Go!
text: The agent lurches off. Brenner is charged, looks at Sunhill.
text: They’re getting close.
scene_heading: EXT. BRENNER’S OFFICE - CID UNIT - DAY
text: The phone is ringing. Brenner and Sunhill enter, he lifts the
text: handset.
dialog: 71
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Brenner.
speaker_heading: HELLMANN (V.O.)
dialog: Colonel Hellmann.
text: Brenner grimaces, looking at Sunhill.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: We’re almost there, sir.
scene_heading: INT. C-21A - IN TRANSIT - DAY
text: Hellmann is in a seat with the air-phone, clouds piling past
text: the window, turbo-fans droning.
speaker_heading: HELLMANN
dialog: "Almost" is a subjective term, Mr.
dialog: Brenner. The brass have reviewed
dialog: your report. They don’t like the
dialog: implications, and they’re getting
text: nervous about leaks to the press.
speaker_heading: BRENNER (V.O.)
dialog: What does that mean, sir?
text: Hellmann sits next to Lt. Rogers who looks up from her laptop
text: screen. Behind them, occupying the seats of the rear cabin,
text: five keen-eyed men in suits, CID veterans, all male, all ego.
speaker_heading: HELLMANN
dialog: It means that as of this moment you
dialog: are off the case. You'll give your
dialog: files to the incoming team, due to
dialog: arrive in two hours.
scene_heading: INT. BRENNER‘S OFFICE - CID UNIT - DAY
text: Brenner grips the phone, the wind knocked out of him. Sunhill
text: watches him with rising apprehension.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Colonel, we can give you an arrest
dialog: in a matter of hours.
speaker_heading: HELLMANN (V.0O.)
dialog: We have a major scandal here. This
dialog: has to be handled with surgical
dialog: precision. I can’t risk your track
dialog: record.
dialog: 72
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: My track record? I layed down for
dialog: the Army, Colonel. We both know it.
speaker_heading: HELLMANN (V.0.)
dialog: It's a closed issue, Mr. Brenner.
text: Brenner’s expression hardens.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Yes, sir. But let’s keep it clear.
dialog: You‘re sending in a team of public-
dialog: relations specialists, not a team of
dialog: investigators.
text: The line rings off. Brenner stands with the phone. He yanks
text: hard, ripping the line from the wall, throws the phone across
text: the office. It bangs into a wall heater.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: He cut us!
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: Bastard!
text: Specialist Dixon appears in the door, flushed with excitement.
text: She looks at the phone, looks from Sunhill to Brenner, their
text: eyes crazed.
speaker_heading: DIXON
dialog: Mr. Brenner..? We've recovered the
dialog: hardware.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: And?
speaker_heading: DIXON
dialog: It's a bombshell.
scene_heading: INT. DIXON'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Brenner and Sunhill lean over Specialist Dixon, the lit screen
text: of Campbell’‘s notebook computer before her.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Okay, Dixon. Detonate.
text: Dixon scrolls columns filled with print.
dialog: 73
speaker_heading: DIXON
dialog: We found her calendar. Names, dates
dialog: and notations regarding sexual acts.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Which names?
speaker_heading: DIXON
dialog: This is extremely embarrassing, sir.
dialog: We have a number of references here.
dialog: The individuals we’re certain about
dialog: are Provost Marshal Major Kent and
text: Chief of Police Yardley in Midland.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Uh huh.
speaker_heading: DIXON
dialog: And Colonel Moore at Psy-Ops, and the
text: General’s adjutant, Lieutenant Elby.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Colonel Moore? And Elby?
text: Brenner looks at Sunhill. Bang.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: (jarred)
dialog: What do the notations say?
speaker_heading: DIXON
dialog: They‘re pornographic, Ms. Sunhill.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Read Major Kent’s.
speaker_heading: DIXON
dialog: Out loud?
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: If you will.
text: Dixon uncomfortably clears her throat.
speaker_heading: DIXON
dialog: "Another sweaty fuck-session with
dialog: Bill. Tied me to the bed, used
text: the whip... Multiple orgasms.
dialog: Made him eat me. I put the silly
text: pig mask on his face. Enormous
dialog: erection..."
dialog: Dixon scrolls,
text: Dixon stops.
text: He glances at
scene_heading: EXT. HALLWAY -
dialog: The two agents
dialog: 74
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Ah-ha. One of those. Skip to the
dialog: last entry.
dialog: applies herself.
speaker_heading: DIXON
dialog: It's Major Kent again... "Bill
text: behaving like a love-sick jerk.
text: Jealous, possessive, violent.
dialog: Wanted to run away with me. I
dialog: laughed. Struck me, tied me up,
dialog: raped me on the floor. Think
dialog: he’s going off the deep end.”
text: She's a little overheated.
speaker_heading: DIXON
dialog: That's where it ends, sir.
text: Sunhill. It’s looking very grim for Major Kent.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: What date is that entered under?
speaker_heading: DIXON
dialog: August eight.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: That thing has a clock, doesn’t it?
dialog: Something that automatically records
dialog: dates and times for entries?
speaker_heading: DIXON
dialog: It crashed.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: See if you can un-crash it.
speaker_heading: CID UNIT - DAY
text: move toward the exit.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: We have the arrest, Brenner -- his
dialog: bootprint, the computer entry. It
text: hangs him.
dialog: 75
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: We don’t have the arrest, Sunhill.
dialog: We're officially sidelined. The
text: glory boys are on their way, with
text: Hellmann leading the charge.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: And you're just gonna let it happen?
dialog: I thought you were the one who threw
dialog: out the rule-book?
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT - CID UNIT - DAY
text: They burst out through the door, tempers ragged, move across
text: the hot asphalt.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: You’re a real ballbuster, Sunhill.
speaker_heading: SUNHTLL
dialog: That’s right, Brenner. I’m not
text: getting replaced by a team of
dialog: stooges who think they can sweep
dialog: this under the rug.
text: Brenner finds his keys, rips open the door of the truck. She
text: stops behind hin.
text: He stops where
text: He jumps in.
dialog: he starts it,
dialog: the asphalt.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: We said we were going all the way
dialog: with it. So get your ass off the
dialog: sidelines, make a fucking end-run!
text: he is, turns, eyes savage.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: You want an end run?!
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: That’s right!
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Get in the truck!
text: Sunhill races around to her door, clambers in as
text: exhaust rapping. The truck blasts away, smoking
dialog: 76
scene_heading: EXT. MOTOR POOL ~ FORT HADLEY - DAY
text: Colonel Fowler, in battle dress, strides along a row of sand-
text: colored Abrams tanks, howitzers, Bradley fighting vehicles,
text: *massive engines of war mothballed in the military drawdown.
text: Ahead, Brenner stands with Sunhill, waiting at the motor pool
text: gate. They salute. Fowler stops before them, torso and arms
text: filling out his shirt, eyes razor-edged.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: We have our man, sir.
speaker_heading: FOWLER
dialog: Name him.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
text: Major Kent.
text: Fowler assimilates the information grimly. Beyond, a private
text: dutifully scrubbing out the chamber of a tank.
speaker_heading: FOWLER
dialog: You say this understanding what my
dialog: position is?
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Yes, sir. You need to reconsider
dialog: your position.
speaker_heading: FOWLER
dialog: Why are we having this discussion,
dialog: Mr. Brenner?
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: You said if there was anything you
dialog: could do, let you know. There is.
speaker_heading: FOWLER
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Keep me on this case.
text: Fowler considers him wordlessly.
dialog: 77
scene_heading: INT. PROVOST MARSHAL‘S BUILDING - NIGHT
text: Brenner and Sunhill enter the doorway of the Provost Marshal’s
text: office, a pair of MPs in tow. Cabinets, a wall of plaques and
text: awards, his desk, the chair behind it empty.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: He bolted.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Major Kent’s an officer in the Army.
dialog: He didn’t bolt.
text: The phone on the desk jangles. Brenner grabs the receiver.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Brenner.
speaker_heading: MP SERGEANT (V.O.)
dialog: Major Kent’s on the line, sir.
text: Brenner nods to Sunhill, holding the phone. Kent comes on.
speaker_heading: KENT (V.0O.)
dialog: I hear you're ready to close down,
dialog: Brenner.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Where are you, Major?
speaker_heading: KENT (V.0.)
text: At the old infantry training field.
dialog: I’m just kind of walking around out
dialog: here. I want to talk soldier-to-
dialog: soldier, Brenner. I'd really like
dialog: that courtesy.
text: The line clicks off.
scene_heading: EXT. INFANTRY TRAINING FIELD - NIGHT
text: Summer thunder rolls distantly. Brenner’s pick-up pulls up at
text: the edge of the field. The headlights remain on. Brenner and
text: Sunhill get out either door, looking across the grass.
text: The throw of the lights graze a tall figure in a white helmet
text: standing out in the middle of the field.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Don’t wanna spook him. Hang back.
dialog: 78
text: Brenner stares out at Kent uneasily.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Unless he tries to kill me. Then
dialog: don’t hang back.
text: Brenner begins walking out.
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD ~ FURTHER - NIGHT
text: Kent watches Brenner approach, his face even, stance relaxed.
text: He puts a hand out, motioning for him to halt.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: That's far enough.
text: Brenner stops about forty yards from him.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: You armed?
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: I am.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: With what?
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: With my weapon, Major.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Let me see it.
text: Brenner sighs. He snaps open his jacket, exposing the butt of
text: a semi auto in a shoulder holster.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Sig-Sauer Mll.
text: Brenner studies him. Kent’s own sidearm is still buttoned in
text: his holster.
dialog: 79
speaker_heading: KENT
text: I stand by my Beretta M-9. It’s the
dialog: most accurate piece I've shot. It’s
dialog: ergonomic, friendly double-action,
dialog: SA let-off is smooth, the sights are
dialog: nicely proportioned... regulation is
dialog: dead on...
text: Kent eyes are on him, glassy, distant.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: It’ll absorb the recoil of a hot
dialog: NATO-spec load with total poise.
text: Brenner sweats, watching him. The man is over the edge. The
text: thrum of crickets fills the humid night.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: That's really great, Major... Not
dialog: many weapons can do that.
text: He steps closer.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Just stand there, please... I have
dialog: a few more things to say.
text: His face is hollow and pale.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: I've been privileged to serve ina
dialog: great cause. The Army has given
dialog: my life purpose. I’ve loved it,
dialog: fought for it, bled... Now I’ve
dialog: dishonored it... I’m resigning my
dialog: commission, Brenner.
text: Brenner feels a ragged surge of pity.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: You’‘re doing the right thing, Major.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Don’t patronize me. You don’t meet
dialog: the standards.
text: Kent's eyes glare white in the headlights.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Easy, Major... Easy. Just tell me
dialog: what happened that night.
dialog: 80
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: You tell me.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: You met her on the range. It was
dialog: her idea of a thrill. You’d done
dialog: it before. But this time you lost
dialog: it. It’s understandable, Major.
dialog: She was dumping you. The tent cord
dialog: ended up in your hands. By the
dialog: time you realized it was around her
dialog: neck...
text: Kent shakes his head, his face broken out with beads of sweat.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Negative.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Come in with me, Major. Just unhook
dialog: the sidearm. We'll make this easy.
text: Kent grins, eyes ignited. Brenner wearily frees his pistol,
text: starting toward him.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: We're not going hand-to-hand, Major.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Before you walk any further, you
dialog: should know where you’re standing.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Where am I standing?
speaker_heading: KENT
text: In a minefield.
text: Brenner frowns. Kent cracks his knuckles, face anticipatory.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: I buried some Bouncing Bettys. Anti-
dialog: personnel. You buy that?
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Come on, Major.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Then you think I'm bluffing.
dialog: 81
text: Brenner sees elation fill Kent’s eyes. He involuntarily scans
text: the dark grass around him. It is unmowed and thick enough for
text: concealing dug earth.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Remember how the Betty works? First
text: man trips the primary. Mine shoots
text: up. Rest of the column walk into
text: the blast. Their heads are removed.
dialog: Or limbs. Whatever.
text: Brenner starts to move for Kent. Then he sees, just past the
text: reach of his headlights, the upright shaft of what could be a
text: shovel jammed in the earth.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Come and get me, Brenner. I'11 wait
dialog: right here.
text: Brenner stares at Kent, trying to read him. There’s a chance
dialog: the Provost Marshal is crazy enough to have planted something
text: dangerous in the grass.
scene_heading: AT THE PICK-UP
text: Sunhill is watching, adrenalin charged, unsure of what Kent is
text: saying. She has her gun in her hands.
speaker_heading: IN THE FIELD
text: Brenner stands motionless, glances back to her, then at Kent.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: You could turn around. Walk out
dialog: the way you came in. But if I am
dialog: bluffing, you’re gonna look like
dialog: a coward in front of your partner.
text: He stands easily, savoring Brenner’s indecision, the fear that
text: is beginning to take root.
text: Brenner begins walking toward him, his shoes crushing into the
text: grass. He moves with purpose, not looking down. Kent watches
text: his every step with hollow glee.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: There‘s no mines, Major. You'd be
text: in the kill radius, too.
dialog: 82
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: I want to be in the kill radius.
text: Brenner's gait slows. He stares ahead, the headlights at his
text: back. Sweat rolls down his face. Crickets hum.
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Amazing what a load of shrapnel will
dialog: do to flesh and bone. Take it clean
dialog: off -- well, not clean at all,
dialog: actually. You‘ve seen the casualties.
text: Brenner wills himself ahead, nerves drawn tight, looking down,
text: watching for signs of disruption in the grass. Kent is framed
text: against the night, bathed in sickly light, growing closer, his
text: smile goading Brenner.
text: Brenner’s shoe hits something. He freezes. Fear pumps sharp
text: and instantly. His eyes bore into the grass, his foot raised
text: half off the hidden obstruction.
text: His chest constricts, his breath audible, swift. He remains
text: still, blinking sweat out of his eyes.
text: Kent's eyes are riveted to the grass where his shoe is poised.
text: And suddenly the fear leaves. He sees Kent for what he is, a
text: sad loser playing a loser’s bluff.
text: Kent sees the realization pass in Brenner’s eyes. His goading
text: smile disappears, stripped from him.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
text: It’s over.
text: Brenner moves for him. As the weight of his foot comes down,
text: he feels it, just under the rise of ground, the steel of it,
text: recognizes it, and is diving in a running leap even as it is
text: triggered, the primary charge cracking.
text: The mine leaps up from the grass in a spray of sod. Brenner,
text: sprinting, skidding belly down in a headlong dive, the night
text: lighting up, the air rocking in a massive concussion, shards
text: of shrapnel whizzing.
text: AT THE TRUCK
text: Sunhill shouts, her voice drowned, her face lit incandescent.
dialog: 83
speaker_heading: IN THE FIELD
text: Smoke rolls, wet clay rains down. Brenner scrambles up to his
text: feet, eyes wild.
text: Through the drifting smoke, Major Kent, still standing. BDU‘s
text: shredded, chest, arms, legs, face, perforated, blooming blood.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
scene_heading: DON’T MOVE, MAJOR!
text: Kent’s eyes are blank. He grins a ghastly grin and takes one
text: deliberate and suicidal step forward.
text: The trigger plate snaps, the charge blows, the mine springs up
text: and seems to hover an instant, black and deadly, hung in front
text: of his bloody face.
text: Kent salutes it. He disassembles in a roaring flash of white.
scene_heading: INT. HEARING ROOM - HQ BUILDING - FORT HADLEY - DAY
text: Four dour, experience-hardened military men sit in a row at a
text: long walnut table, gaze harsh and exacting: Colonel Hellmann,
text: blood in his eye. The Staff Judge Advocate for the Division.
dialog: The new Special Agent in Charge for Fort Hadley. And General
dialog: Burns, Commander of the CID.
text: The object of their gaze is Brenner, standing across from them
text: uncomfortably, the harsh light of the room in his eyes.
speaker_heading: BURNS
dialog: It’s a grim outcome, Mr. Brenner.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: BURNS
dialog: Grim. Deplorable. Bad for business.
text: Brenner holds silence, anticipating being drawn and quartered
text: on the linoleum.
speaker_heading: BURNS
dialog: Apparently your work impressed the
dialog: Commander of the Post. General
dialog: Campbell extended himself to keep
dialog: you on -- he called his personal
dialog: friend, the Chief of Staff of the
dialog: Army... My boss.
dialog: 84
text: He lances Brenner with his gaze.
speaker_heading: BURNS
dialog: In effect, Colonel Hellmann was left
text: holding his dick on the airfield.
text: Brenner catches Hellmann’s stare, sorry he did. The Colonel
text: is shooting death rays.
speaker_heading: BURNS
dialog: Did you have anything to do with
dialog: this? You're on your oath.
text: Four sets of eyes bear down on him. Brenner point-blank lies.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: No, sir.
speaker_heading: BURNS
dialog: If I discover otherwise, you'll be
dialog: out of the Army so quick you'll
dialog: think you were shot from a cannon.
text: Hellmann stares at Brenner unhappily.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Yes, sir. Sir, has the objective of
dialog: this mission been met?
text: Burns considers him shrewdly.
speaker_heading: BURNS
dialog: It has. Damage sustainable. I want
dialog: to make this clear, Mr. Brenner --
dialog: you're walking a very thin line. I
dialog: advise you to keep a low profile.
text: Brenner salutes crisply.
scene_heading: INT. VISITING OFFICER'S QUARTERS - FORT HADLEY - DAY
text: Drab Army housing. Brenner stands at the open door of a room.
text: Inside, Sunhill is removing clothes from a rack in the closet.
text: He knocks, walking in. On the bed, a garment bag, a suitcase.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: You‘re leaving?
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: I’ve been re-assigned.
dialog: 85
text: Brenner tries to mask his disappointment.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Where are they sending you?
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: Panama.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Panama?
text: She looks at him unhappily.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Hellmann.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: My ballroom days are over.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: I’m sorry, Sunhill. I should never
dialog: have let you come in on this.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: You couldn't have kept me out.
text: She begins packing a garment bag.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: What’s going to happen to you?
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: I guess I have a future. The upshot
dialog: is, everyone’s relieved it didn’t hit
dialog: any higher.
text: She pauses in what she’s doing.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: Brenner... I can't leave like this.
text: She turns to him.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: This case still has too many pieces
dialog: missing.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: I know.
dialog: 86
scene_heading: DIFFUSED LIGHT GLINTS
text: Against white silk, Captain Campbell, like a goddess of war in
text: repose. Her golden hair fanned out, her skin porcelain, her
text: eyes closed. Her snow-white waistcoat adorned with medals and
text: gold braids. Her hands clasped on the hilt of a gleaming West
text: Point saber.
speaker_heading: FOWLER (V.0.)
dialog: In Isaiah, it was asked -~ ‘Watchman,
dialog: what of the night? And the watchman
dialog: replied -- ‘morning is coming’...
scene_heading: INT. CHAPEL - FORT HADLEY - DAY
text: Her flag-draped open casket, raised on a catafalque. Past it,
text: a@ gathering five-hundred strong seated in pews, more spilling
text: out the doorway. Officers, friends, family, a limited pool of
text: print journalists mopping sweat in the sweltering closeness of
dialog: the chapel.
speaker_heading: FOWLER (CONT'D)
dialog: As soldiers, this is our calling --
dialog: to stand the watch each night, so
dialog: that others may abide in peace until
dialog: morning...
text: General Campbell, Mrs. Campbell, stalwart and enduring, sit in
text: the front, gazing to the podium where Colonel Fowler delivers
text: the eulogy, dress greens knife-pressed, his strong, commanding
text: voice ringing out over the hushed assembly.
speaker_heading: FOWLER (CONT’D)
dialog: And we will stand watch until the day
dialog: when it pleases God to call us into
dialog: His Kingdom, and we need no longer
dialog: stand the watch, nor fear the night.
text: Further back, Brenner and Sunhill, both in dress uniform, CID
text: patches, gold insignia, Brenner’s medals. Watching Fowler.
speaker_heading: FOWLER
dialog: Though Captain Campbell was mortal,
dialog: and shed real blood, and shed real
dialog: tears... She was a soldier first.
text: Fowler turns to the casket, saluting.
speaker_heading: FOWLER
dialog: Captain, that’s how we’1ll remember
dialog: you.
dialog: 87
scene_heading: EXT. CHAPEL FIELD - DAY
text: A volley of rifle fire cracks out. The firing party of seven
text: soldiers snap the bolts of their rifles, raise them again and
text: fire, repeat their motions, fire once more.
text: Smoke drifts in the silence. Ringing the hot, green clearing
text: where the casket rests, flag across it, a huge crowd, hushed.
text: A lone buglar takes a place near the six Army pallbearers, the
text: color guard, the military band, the firing party. Heat pours
text: down. He raises his polished horn, sounds the first plaintive
text: notes of taps.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - ABOVE FIELD - DAY
text: Lined with buses, Army and civilian vehicles. Brenner moves
text: toward Colonel Fowler who stands at his staff car, preparing
text: to enter. He sees Brenner, pausing. Brenner snaps a salute.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Fine words, sir.
text: Fowler nods his solemn thanks.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: I wanted to thank you for your help,
dialog: Colonel.
text: They observe each other.
speaker_heading: FOWLER
text: A superior job, Mr. Brenner. Though
dialog: I wouldn't want to be your CO.
text: He allows a brief smile.
speaker_heading: FOWLER
dialog: Do me a favor and don’t ask me for
dialog: any more favors.
text: He turns, gets in his car. Brenner watches it drive away.
scene_heading: INT. HANGAR - JORDON FIELD - DAY
text: The operation is being dismantled, Seiver's personnel rapidly
text: and expertly packing their gear, the slam and scrape echoing.
dialog: 88
text: Seiver stands near the back of a van, supervising the loading
text: of some lab equipment. He watches Brenner’s pick-up approach
text: from one of the bay doors. Brenner gets out, walks over.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Something bothers me, Seiver.
speaker_heading: SEIVER
dialog: What’s that?
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: The final results on St. John’s and
dialog: Major Kent’s bootprints. How come
dialog: your expert never got back to you?
text: They back away from the swinging end of a crate being hauled
text: into the bed of the van.
speaker_heading: SEIVER
dialog: He did. This morning -- Be careful
dialog: with that fuckin’ thing!
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: And you didn’t you notify me?
speaker_heading: SEIVER
text: It’s completely immaterial now.
text: Brenner stares at him edgily. Seiver regards him, mystified.
speaker_heading: SEIVER
dialog: Jesus, Brenner. You slam-dunked the
dialog: case. What’s the problem?
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: What did you get, Seiver?
speaker_heading: SEIVER
dialog: He examined the tracks. Says there’s
dialog: no method of determining with hundred
dialog: percent accuracy which came first.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: But he gave you his opinion.
text: Seiver observes Brenner defensively.
speaker_heading: SEIVER
dialog: His opinion is Kent arrived on the
dialog: scene after St. John, not before.
text: Brenner is stunned, Seiver’s voice distending, reverberating.
dialog: 89
speaker_heading: SEIVER
dialog: I disagree with him. Major Kent did
dialog: it. The proof was collected ina
dialog: hundred yard radius on the infantry
dialog: field...
scene_heading: INT. BRENNER'S OFFICE - CID UNIT - NIGHT
text: Brenner, still in dress uniform, his eyes fixed on a print-out
text: on his desk.
speaker_heading: SEIVER (V.0.)
speaker_heading: (CONT'D)
dialog: +++ SO who you gonna go with?
scene_heading: CLOSE ON: PRINT-OUT
dialog: The log of Captain Campbell’s calendar -- columns of numbers;
dialog: dates, hours and minutes.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
text: looks up from the print-out.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: He didn’t do it.
scene_heading: EXT, OFFICERS CLUB - NIGHT
text: A noisy dining room filled with commissioned soldiers in sand-
text: colored battle-dress camouflage. Sunhill moves her tray along
text: the cafeteria counter.
text: Someone slides a computer case her way, she looks up. Brenner
text: has cut into the line ahead of her.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: He didn’t do it.
text: Sunhill stares at him, caught off guard. His eyes burn madly.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: What?
text: The officers in line are watching them. Brenner grabs her arm
text: and leads her away.
dialog: 90
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: Brenner, what the hell are you doing?
text: They move through the dining room, stop at the front door, he
text: takes her arms, looking into her face.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: There’s a problem with her calendar.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: One of the entries was made about an
dialog: hour after she was killed.
text: Her expression falls.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Dixon logged the times and dates. I
dialog: went over it. He’s still out there,
dialog: Sunhill.
scene_heading: EXT. OFFICER'S CLUB - NIGHT
text: They rush out through the front doors, muggy rain spilling off
text: the covered walkway.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: He knew about the basement. He knew
dialog: she kept a calendar. And he knew he
dialog: could frame Kent.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: (dismayed)
dialog: And we bought it.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: He overlooked the automatic time-
text: clock. He makes mistakes.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: We need a new motive.
text: They move out in the rain.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: That’s your job. Run your theory --
text: the traumatic event at West Point.
dialog: Plug into the Records Center, track
dialog: this Army doctor down.
dialog: 91
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: Zaccardo?
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: If he’s alive, get an airlift, talk
text: to him face-to-face. Pull out all
text: the stops.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: We have no time, Brenner. I’m out
dialog: in two days.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: We go without sleep.
text: He stops near his pick-up, slewed sideways in the parking lot.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Her lecture tape -- psychological
dialog: warfare. Mindfucking. We’ll use
dialog: it to level the field. Got a car?
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Contact me when you have something.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: Where are you going?
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: I’m gonna start narrowing the list.
scene_heading: EXT. AIRFIELD - FORT HADLEY - NIGHT
text: A car skids to a halt. Sunhill jumps out. A UH-60 Black Hawk
text: waits for her on the tarmac, props churning, lights winking, a
text: crewman waiting at the open door.
text: She looks at it, apprehensive, determined, then sprints toward
text: it. The crewman holds out his hand, she leaps in, the chopper
text: tilts upward, blades slashing the rain.
scene_heading: EXT. TAVERN - MIDLAND - NIGHT
text: A drinking spot, cinderblock, a bunker. Brenner’s truck rolls
text: into the muddy lot.
dialog: 92
scene_heading: INT. TAVERN - NIGHT
text: Country rock on the sound system. Locals lining a dim, smoky
text: bar. Brenner walks in, carrying a briefcase. Scans the room.
text: At a table in the back, Chief Yardley, chewing on a burger and
text: staring toward Brenner. He is seated with associates, men who
text: help run Midland and find themselves with little to do.
text: Brenner arrives at the table, sliding into a chair and resting
text: his briefcase in front of him.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Hi, Chief.
text: Yardley eyes the briefcase, then Brenner. He sets his burger
dialog: down, formally.
speaker_heading: YARDLEY
dialog: Well... Mr. Brenner.
text: His associates regard Brenner inhospitably. A waitress with
text: lots of hair and curves moves up behind Yardley with a tray.
speaker_heading: YARDLEY
dialog: Fellas, why don’t ya‘’ll get a drink
dialog: at the bar?
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: They don’t have to go.
text: Yardley stares at Brenner, surmising his intent.
speaker_heading: YARDLEY
dialog: Proceed with caution.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: I’m in a reckless mood, Chief. Where
dialog: you were on the night of August sixth
dialog: between the hours of ten and twelve?
text: Yardley inclines his head rearward.
speaker_heading: YARDLEY
dialog: Donna, honey, tell Mr. Brenner where
dialog: I was that night.
text: She looks at Brenner with happy vacancy.
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: In my muff.
dialog: 93
text: The men around the table chortle. Yardley joins them, shakes
text: his head fondly.
speaker_heading: YARDLEY
dialog: Ain't she a peach..? I‘m a bachelor,
dialog: Mr. Brenner.
text: Brenner unsnaps his briefcase.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Well, since we’re on the subject, I
dialog: think Donna will enjoy these.
text: Brenner removes a stack of photos, spreads them out like cards
text: on the table. Yardley’s eyes narrow at them, then widen as he
text: registers their content. His associates crane forward to see.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: The Yardley retrospective. Selected
dialog: images.
text: Donna leans over with her tray, her face stiffening.
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: Oh my God...
text: Brenner slides one of the photos closer.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: This one’s my favorite, Donna. Check
text: the paunch.
text: She tilts her head to it, affronted.
speaker_heading: DONNA
text: The paunch? The teensy erection.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: I think we have a tentative ID.
text: Yardley glowers, his complexion livid.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
text: She had a camcorder in the basement,
dialog: Chief. The lab printed these. They
dialog: put you there. Withholding evidence.
dialog: Obstructing Justice. Misconduct in
dialog: office. Conspiracy...
dialog: 94
speaker_heading: YARDLEY
dialog: First thing, I got no idea what you
dialog: are talkin’ about. Second, I don’t
dialog: see anyone's face here.
speaker_heading: DONNA
dialog: Well, how you gonna see the face?
speaker_heading: YARDLEY
dialog: Shut up, honey. You got squat here,
text: Brenner. Goose eggs. Nothin’.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Ever hear of forensic anthropology?
text: Yardley chews on his lip, glaring.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
text: Forensic anthropolgy reconstructs the
dialog: identity of a person through bone or
dialog: body parts. What I’m gonna do is get
dialog: a subpeona. Tell the Feds we need a
text: shot of Chief Yardley’s penis.
dialog: They'll come out with a camera. Then
text: the lab boys go to work and match it.
text: Brenner gathers the photos up, throws them into his briefcase,
text: slams the lid closed.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: You're through, Chief.
scene_heading: EXT. TAVERN - NIGHT
text: Brenner stands out among the other parked cars, staring grimly
text: at his truck. The windshield is smashed in, diamonds of glass
text: scattered across the hood.
text: He turns around. Johnny Ray and Deuce slouch against the nose
text: of a nearby Camaro, watching him with amused menace.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY RAY
text: Peckerwood pick-up.
speaker_heading: DEUCE
text: Rebel thunder-Chevy.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY RAY
text: Looks like a break-in.
dialog: 95
speaker_heading: DEUCE
dialog: Call Nine-One-One.
text: Johnny Ray wheezes a chuckle. Deuce leans to one side, blows
text: a wad of spit.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Good thing you didn’t have your
dialog: muzzle on.
text: Deuce looks at Johnny Ray. He pushes himself off the Camaro.
text: Tattoos, musculature, stripped to fighting trim.
speaker_heading: DEUCE
dialog: I’m off the leash.
text: Johnny Ray offers advice to Brenner from his indolent slouch.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY RAY
dialog: That's problematic for you.
text: Deuce glides teward him. Brenner shifts his stance. Deuce’s
text: eyes flick over him contempuously.
speaker_heading: DEUCE
text: He's tired.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY RAY
dialog: Give ‘ima rest.
text: Deuce fearlessly plants himself across from Brenner, unlimbers
text: his legs in a little bounce.
speaker_heading: DEUCE
dialog: Hey, Johnny Ray? You think he knows
dialog: hand-to-hand combat?
speaker_heading: JOHNNY RAY
dialog: Might. You just got to stay hard as
dialog: white oak tree.
text: Deuce’s eyes glaze psychotically.
speaker_heading: DEUCE
text: Man down in parking lot.
dialog: 96
text: He fires his leg at Brenner in vicious snap kick. Brenner is
text: suddenly holding it tight in the crook of his arm. He blurs,
text: sweeping his own leg behind Deuce’s free leg and cracking the
text: point of his chin with a hard palm thrust, reaping the man’s
text: standing leg out from under him. Déuce slams the ground back-
text: first, his cranial nerves short-circuited.
text: Brenner releases his leg, whips his pistol out, levels it on
text: Johnny Ray who rolls off the car defensively, his hand at the
text: rear of his waistband.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: You pull that, you're gone.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY RAY
dialog: Fair fight, fair fight.
text: The big man is half on the ground. He holds one hand out and
text: slowly places a pistol on the dirt with the other.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Now get the glass off my seat.
scene_heading: EXT. PSY-OPS COMPLEX - FORT HADLEY - DAY
text: The Chevy pick-up rumbles up to the gate, windshield missing.
text: Brenner displays his badge as he drives past the MP.
scene_heading: INT. PSY-OPS LAB - DAY
text: The clamor of the monkeys rocks off the tiles of the room. At
text: the lab bench, Colonel Moore, oblivious of the noise, absorbed
text: in his work at a computer.
text: The lights suddenly go out, plunging the windowless room into
text: darkness. The screaming primates fall silent. Moore, framed
text: in the dimness, turns from his work. He looks past the cages
text: toward the room’s entrance.
text: Someone is standing there. A vague shape. Moore blinks, his
text: lenses steamed in the close air.
speaker_heading: MOORE
dialog: Who's there?
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: The grim fucking reaper.
dialog: 97
text: Moore stares into the blackness, uneasily, his glasses lit in
text: the sickly green light of his monitor.
speaker_heading: MOORE
dialog: Is that you, Brenner..?
text: Moore hears a steel latch rattle. The monkeys begin howling,
text: rocking their cages.
speaker_heading: MOORE
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: I‘m letting the monkeys loose.
text: Moore face drains.
speaker_heading: MOORE
dialog: Have you gone insane?
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: How would you know?
text: The monkeys fall silent again as hinges squeal. Moore’s eyes
text: widen sharply.
speaker_heading: MOORE
dialog: Those animals are rabid!
text: Moore lurches from the bench, trying to feel his way forward.
speaker_heading: MOORE
dialog: Brenner..? I'll have you up on --
text: A rhesus screams, hurtling from its enclosure. A projectile
text: of hair and muscle that rips past Moore’s face, dislodging
text: his glasses. The shape tears across the lab bench, toppling
text: his monitor and vanishing.
text: Moore gasps, his glasses dangling. He freezes, eyes blindly
text: searching the dark. A savage shriek pierces his ear, Moore
text: screams, a set of fangs rush out of the dark and snap at him.
text: He stumbles along the bench, flailing, trips, goes down to his
text: knees. He brings his head up. A set of red eyes blink at him
text: from a cage inches away. A low, lethal chatter commences. He
text: hears the cage latch click.
speaker_heading: MOORE
dialog: Enough!
text: Brenner’s voice is very close.
dialog: 98
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: You were there on the firing range,
dialog: Colonel! You helped stake her out!
dialog: You hid her clothes on the latrine!
speaker_heading: MOORE
dialog: You can’t do this, Brenner! It’s a
dialog: violation of --
text: Brenner grabs him by the shirt, hauls him to his feet, slams
text: him against the bench, eyes murderous.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: You‘re up to your ass in this! Start
dialog: talking!
text: Moore sags, resistance crushed.
speaker_heading: MOORE
dialog: Ann required... bold remedial therapy
dialog: to address a longstanding... and
dialog: unresolved issue that was destroying
dialog: her...
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - EAST ORANGE, NEW JERSEY - DAY
text: A block of run-down storefronts, iron-grated windows. A taxi-
text: cab pulling up to the curb. Sunhill gets out, pays the driver
text: and looks to the entrance of a seedy clinic:
dialog: Dr. Joseph Zaccardo - Foot Surgeon
dialog: Medicare and Most Insurances Accepted
scene_heading: INT. EXAMINATION ROOM - CLINIC - DAY
text: Sunhill is shown inside by a tired, obese nurse who closes the
text: door as she leaves. Sunhill takes in the room; an exam bench,
text: blistered walls, a foot chart. Not a going concern.
text: The door opens. A black man enters, referring to a clipboard.
text: He glances up at her, sunken-eyed and aged hard.
speaker_heading: ZACCARDO
dialog: Ms. Sunhill. I’m Doctor Zaccardo.
dialog: Apparently you have some sort of
dialog: an emergency today?
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: Yes.
dialog: 99
speaker_heading: ZACCARDO
dialog: Remove your shoes, please.
text: Sunhill kicks off her flats. The doctor leans down, examines
text: her feet, his spidery hands manipulating them.
speaker_heading: ZACCARDO
dialog: Actually, you have exceedingly sound
dialog: conformation.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: Actually, it’s not my feet.
text: The doctor’s eyes peer up at her from great dark circles. His
text: complexion gray, unhealthy.
speaker_heading: Z2RCCARDO
dialog: Explain, please.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: I'm here to talk about West Point.
text: Zaccardo straightens up. He stares down at her.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: Nineteen-Eighty-Six, Doctor. You
text: examined a young cadet. Her name
dialog: was Ann Campbell.
text: Zaccardo’s face closes on her.
speaker_heading: ZACCARDO
dialog: I have no memory of her. I examined
dialog: hundreds of cadets when I was at West
dialog: Point. As you can see, there’s been
dialog: quite an interval since then.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: Captain Campbell was murdered at Fort
dialog: Hadley, Georgia five days ago.
text: Zaccardo moves to the door.
speaker_heading: ZACCARDO
dialog: I have a busy schedule.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: I need your help, Doctor.
speaker_heading: ZACCARDO
dialog: Who are you?
dialog: 100
text: Sunhill stares at him, desperation rising. She’s losing him.
speaker_heading: ZACCARDO
dialog: You're an investigator? Fine. I'll
dialog: call my attorney.
text: He begins through the door.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: I hope he handles malpractice.
text: Zaccardo stops in his tracks. Sunhill blinks, stunned by what
dialog: she’s just said. And it keeps coming.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: I'm here for the plaintiff, Doctor...
dialog: Who asserts Captain Campbell’s death
dialog: was a direct result of the trauma she
dialog: underwent at West Point...
text: He turns back to her, fear flickering in his eyes.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: And unless you can convince me you
dialog: were under orders to destroy her
dialog: medical files, we’re slapping you
dialog: with a multi-million dollar lawsuit.
text: The doctor stands uncertainly, staring at her. Sunhill opens
text: her purse, removes a folded report. She unfolds it, reading.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: Campbell, Ann, Grace. Cause of death
dialog: -- asphyxia. Aside from ligature on
dialog: neck, no trauma to exposed tissue, or
dialog: to bones, brains, mouth, vagina...
text: She pauses, her emotions rising.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
text: Some erosion of the cervix indicating
dialog: a prior disease, abortion. Stomach,
dialog: bladder, intestine contents analyzed,
dialog: toxicology clean. No drugs, poisons,
text: alcohol. Trace fluids analyzed.
dialog: Perspiration... Tears...
text: She looks up at him.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
text: Tears running downward from the eyes.
dialog: 101
text: Zaccardo moves to the counter, seems out of breath. He leans
text: there, not facing her.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: This was a human being, Doctor. She
dialog: was crying when her life ended. And
dialog: she was crying when she came to you,
dialog: ten years ago.
text: He remains immobilized against the counter.
speaker_heading: ZACCARDO
dialog: There's nothing I can say that will
dialog: help her now.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: You can tell the truth.
text: Zaccardo slowly turns. A man who has buried himself alive.
speaker_heading: ZACCARDO
dialog: It was so long ago... I was sworn
dialog: to secrecy. You have to understand.
dialog: It wasn't easy, getting a position...
text: He stares into the past.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: Why did she need medical assistance?
speaker_heading: ZACCARDO’S
text: eyes catch the sun, the broken weave of his irises, the black
dialog: holes of the pupils.
speaker_heading: ZACCARDO
dialog: She was raped...
text: The blackness enlarging, becoming
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: A place and time ten years ago. A place of summer heat. Dark
text: trees ringing a view of the sky. The shrill of crickets. The
text: muted sound of struggle.
speaker_heading: ZACCARDO (V.0.)
text: Gang-raped, on a training maneuver...
dialog: 102
text: Fireflies trail past. Coming into clarity below the trees, an
text: assembly of shadowed faces. Brutal, youthful faces, concealed
text: by camouflage netting and crazed stripes of greasepaint. Eyes
text: glinting whitely, holding lust, violence.
speaker_heading: ZACCARDO (V.0.)
text: Eight cadets... They bound her with
dialog: tent cord...
text: One of the faces leans in, close, a cadet, eyes fixed, breath
text: catching in his throat. A young woman’s cry rises, exhausted,
dialog: tortured.
speaker_heading: ZACCARDO (V.0.)
speaker_heading: (CONT'D)
text: Left her bleeding in the dirt.
scene_heading: IN THE EXAM ROOM
text: Zaccardo stares, eyes fixed. Sunhill is moved to rage, tears.
text: She fights it, trying to keep her voice even.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: There’s... no record of the charges.
speaker_heading: ZACCARDO
dialog: She never filed charges.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: Why?
text: Zaccardo looks on her.
speaker_heading: ZACCARDO
dialog: Charges would have lead to a court
dialog: martial, and a court martial would
dialog: have dishonored... the institution.
dialog: So far as the United States Army is
dialog: concerned, it never occurred.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: And the cadets who raped her?
speaker_heading: ZACCARDO
dialog: Never identified. Men who’ve become
dialog: one thing or another, blended
dialog: anonymously into military or civilian
dialog: life.
dialog: 103
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: Was it Campbell’s decision not to
dialog: pursue a court martial?
text: The doctor regards her bitterly.
speaker_heading: ZACCARDO
dialog: Which Campbell, Ms. Sunhill?
text: She stares at him across the dingy room, the silence swelling.
scene_heading: EXT. BRENNER’S TRAILER - WHISPERING PINES - DAY
text: Rain streaking down. Brenner’s pick-up drives up through the
text: mud, stops near the front of the trailer. The windshield has
text: been replaced. Brenner gets out, his eyes on something.
text: Parked across the yard, a staff car. Someone behind the fog
text: of the window. The driver’s door opens and Colonel Hellmann
text: stands out. He stares across to Brenner.
speaker_heading: HELLMANN
text: The case is closed, Mr. Brenner.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: I have evidence that says otherwise.
text: Hellmann walks toward him.
speaker_heading: HELLMANN
text: Major Kent is guilty and a military
dialog: court will make judgment accordingly.
dialog: It’s a done deal.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: You may not want it go any higher,
text: Colonel, but it does.
text: The rain sweeps the yard, streams down Hellmann’s deadly face.
speaker_heading: HELLMANN
dialog: Let me walk you through this: The
dialog: sole purpose of the military is to
dialog: serve this country. Your purpose
dialog: is to serve the military.
text: Unconditionally. Without question.
text: Brenner stares at him.
dialog: 104
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Just like Fort Belvoir, Colonel?
text: Hellmann takes him in, his trailer.
speaker_heading: HELLMANN
dialog: Look at yourself, Brenner. You never
dialog: really knew what being a soldier
dialog: meant. The investigation’s over, the
dialog: best interests of the United States
dialog: Army have been served.
text: Their eyes are locked.
speaker_heading: HELLMANN
dialog: Have we reached an understanding?
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Fuck off, Colonel.
text: Hellmann springs for him. Brenner ducks his fist, pinning him
text: forcefully to the pick-up. He restrains him, Hellmann panting
text: in rage, teeth clenched.
text: Brenner releases him. Hellmann jerks away, eyes blazing. He
text: stabs his finger out at him, growling.
speaker_heading: EHELLMANN
dialog: I’m giving you a direct order! Drop
dialog: it! Disobey, you’re finished! Hear
dialog: me? Finished!
text: He moves back, angrily straightening his sodden blouse.
speaker_heading: HELLMANN
dialog: And Sunhill’s finished, too!
text: He throws open his car door, glaring, gets in, slams the door,
text: rams the car away, tires spinning.
text: Brenner stands in the rain, face dark, watching the car skid
text: out of the lot.
speaker_heading: THE SOLDIER
text: of plastic is silhouetted against the lowering sky, face hard
text: and expressionless, standing eyeless sentry.
dialog: 105
scene_heading: EXT. CRIME SCENE - RIFLE RANGE SIX - EVENING
text: Brenner, eyes haunted, stares up at the target’s hollow face.
text: He turns from it, looks down to a chalk outline fading in the
text: dirt, all that remains of Captain Campbell. The pavillion is
text: gone, tattered strands of police tape strung forlornly across
dialog: the area.
text: Beyond him, Sunhill approaches from the road. He looks up at
text: her as she stops across from him. She has been without sleep,
text: looks drawn, but resolute.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: Captain Campbell was gang-raped at
dialog: West Point. There were no charges,
dialog: no trial. The crime was buried.
text: She was sold out to avoid a scandal.
text: Brenner computes this information grimly.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Who was the broker?
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: The broker was her father... She’d
dialog: been waging a war against him ever
dialog: since. He demanded a cease fire...
text: Her eyes fall to the chalk outline.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
text: This was her answer. A reenactment
dialog: of the night she was raped.
text: She looks up at Brenner.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: He sacrificed her. For the good of
dialog: the Army.
text: Summer thunder reverberates softly. They stand watching each
text: other, the sky hanging heavy and hot.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: You did good work.
text: He takes a pocket-recorder from his jacket.
dialog: 106
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: This is Colonel Moore’s. He came
dialog: out here with her, helped her set
dialog: it up. Then he called the General's
dialog: line at HQ and left this message:
text: He snaps the recorder on.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN CAMPBELL (V.0.)
dialog: This is your loving daughter, daddy.
dialog: I have the answer to your ultimatum.
text: I’m at Range Six. Surrounded by a
dialog: compliment of very dashing soldiers.
dialog: Don’t keep me.
text: Her tone sugar-coated, chilling. Brenner snaps it off.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: I checked the phone records. The
dialog: call was received.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: The General lied when he said he had
text: no contact with her. He came out
dialog: here. When he saw her like that...
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: We don’t have a match on his boots.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: He gave us another pair.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: I don’t think so.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: Motive, opportunity, the will to act.
dialog: It's all there.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: You're really gunning for him.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: How can you stand there and defend
dialog: him after what he did? You really
text: are all in the same club.
text: Brenner scowls, insulted. She regards him, her nerves frayed.
dialog: 107
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: Change of Command's tommorrow. I
dialog: don't want to lose this.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: You have lost it. The Army’s pulled
dialog: out. We're out here on our own with
dialog: zero authority.
text: She studies him, understands the edict has been handed down.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: Are you bailing on me?
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: It's a suicide mission. Always was.
dialog: Let it go. Take your transfer, put
dialog: it behind you.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: What about you?
text: The rain breaks, hot silver flashes.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: I’'m going down anyway. You don’t
dialog: have to go down with me.
text: He turns his collar up, moves for the road.
scene_heading: EXT. FIRE CONTROL TOWER - DAY
text: He strides below the tower, rain drifting. Sunhill jogs up.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: I’m not turning my back on this.
text: He makes no response. She takes his arm, they stop under the
text: steel stilts of the tower, face to face.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: Don’t walk away from me. We/’re in
dialog: this together. We’re gonna see it
dialog: all the way through... I want that
dialog: sick son of a bitch.
text: Brenner considers her irately, makes a decision.
dialog: 108
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Okay. You‘re gonna get him. I’m
dialog: gonna give him to you.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: You have a strategy?
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Yeah. All or nothing... Be at the
text: parade field tommorrow morning.
text: He turns without another word, moving through the rain to the
text: road. She stares after him.
scene_heading: INT. COLONEL FOWLER'S BEDROOM - DAY
text: A phone is ringing. Fowler stands before a mirror buttoning
text: his parade blouse. His wife appears with a cordless phone.
speaker_heading: WIFE
text: Chief Warrant Officer Brenner.
text: Fowler takes the phone.
speaker_heading: FOWLER
dialog: What is it, Mr. Brenner?
speaker_heading: BRENNER (V.O.)
dialog: Sir, we have proof Major Kent didn’t
dialog: kill Captain Campbell.
text: Fowler pauses, frowning.
scene_heading: INT. PHONE BOOTH - MAIN SQUARE - FORT HADLEY - DAY
text: Brenner, in a gray suit, holds the phone, tense, listening.
speaker_heading: FOWLER (V.0.)
dialog: Where is this going?
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: In a direction you won’t like, sir.
text: It looks bad for General Campbell.
text: Silence on the line.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Colonel..?
dialog: 109
speaker_heading: FOWLER (V.0.)
dialog: I’ve heard you.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: If this is going to be handled right,
dialog: I need your assistance, sir.
speaker_heading: FOWLER (V.0.)
dialog: (warningly)
dialog: Mr. Brenner, General Campbell is my
dialog: closest friend.
text: Brenner stares through the glass. Sun-splashed lawn, the far
text: shout of a drill sergeant.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: No, sir. The Army is. Where can we
dialog: we meet privately?
scene_heading: EXT. BARRACKS 5 - FORT HADLEY - DAY
text: A block-long, weathered wooden structure, long ago abandoned.
text: Brenner’s truck moves across the weed-cracked asphalt, comes
text: to a stop. He gets out, scanning the area. He sees no other
text: vehicles, walks toward an open door ahead.
scene_heading: INT. BARRACKS 5 - DAY
text: He stands inside the doorway. Ahead of him, a long room, dust
text: and shadow, the floor strewn with debris.
text: He moves forward, the planks under his feet creaking, sagging
text: rottenly. In the dimness, a briefcase resting on an old table
text: and a figure taking shape in the dark beyond it.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Colonel?
text: The shape steps forward. Colonel Fowler, his face coming into
text: the light. Parade uniform, ribbons and metals, a belt with a
text: scabbard, the silver hilt of a saber.
speaker_heading: FOWLER
dialog: What do you hope to accomplish with
dialog: this meeting, Mr. Brenner?
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: You helped me once before, sir. I'm
dialog: relying on you to help me again.
dialog: 110
text: Fowler stares across to him.
speaker_heading: FOWLER
dialog: According to you, my help resulted in
dialog: the arrest of the wrong man.
text: Brenner holds his stare unwaveringly.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Exactly, sir. You helped keep me on
dialog: the case. To arrest Major Kent.
text: And Major Kent was framed -- set-up.
text: The percussion of military drums floats from the parade field.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Are you with me so far, Colonel?
speaker_heading: FOWLER
dialog: I'm riveted. Please continue.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: By your own admission, you ran a
dialog: surveillance of Captain Campbell.
dialog: You knew everything. Major Kent
dialog: was prime to take the fall.
text: Fowler stares at him, his eyes deep, black, like starless sky.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: When the General delivered his final
dialog: terms, she sent back her answer. He
dialog: left his office at twenty-three-
dialog: hundred. At twenty-three-o-four she
dialog: rang in. You picked up the call.
speaker_heading: HEADLIGHTS
text: on Rifle Range Road, pulling in behind her humvee. They snap
text: off. Darkness.
speaker_heading: BRENNER (V.O.)
dialog: The General’s protector. Forty years
text: together. Braving wars. Slaying the
dialog: enemy. She was enemy... And she was
dialog: winning...
dialog: 111
text: AT THE BERM,
text: Fowler's grim face beneath the roiling sky. Heat flickering.
speaker_heading: BRENNER (V.O.)
dialog: So you drove out to the range and you
text: annihilated her.
scene_heading: LIGHTNING FLASHES,
text: showering light.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN CAMPBELL
text: staring up, eyes widening in terror. Flooding with tears. A
text: shadow blocking them.
speaker_heading: THE CLOUDS
text: churning in fury, rimmed with electricity.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN CAMPBELL (V.0.)
dialog: Father...
text: Her voice lost in a clap of thunder.
scene_heading: THE EYELESS FACE
text: of the plastic pop-up soldier. Merciless. Empty and blind.
text: IN THE BARRACKS
text: Fowler’s face beneath the rafters, the same eyes. Brenner is
text: standing across from him.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: You strangled her.
text: Fowler is still, watching him. He speaks finally, voice hard,
speaker_heading: FOWLER
dialog: Captain Campbell was a disgrace to
dialog: the uniform she wore. Whoever the
dialog: executioner was, he did the Army a
dialog: great service.
dialog: 112
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Is that your confession?
text: They stand silently in the dim, dusty light. A soft click is
text: heard. From Brenner’s jacket pocket. Fowler nods toward it.
speaker_heading: FOWLER
dialog: I think you ran out of tape.
text: Brenner scowls, his eyes falling to his pocket. Fowler steps
text: toward the table where his briefcase rests. Brenner puts his
text: hand near his weapon, ready to draw it.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: That’s far enough.
text: Fowler stands motionless. Brings his full, commanding gaze on
dialog: Brenner.
speaker_heading: FOWLER
text: Captain Campbell is dead and buried,
dialog: Mr. Brenner. But you and I are part
dialog: of something that will never die.
text: We continue. The General continues.
dialog: We're pieces of the same machine.
text: His eyes bore into him.
speaker_heading: FOWLER
dialog: I'm putting a letter of commendation
dialog: in your file. As you’ve seen, I have
dialog: influential connections. You can get
dialog: your Master Grade. The respect and
dialog: prestige that come with it. All you
dialog: have to do is just turn around... and
dialog: walk out.
text: Brenner watches him warily.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: A bribe, Colonel?
speaker_heading: FOWLER
dialog: A reward. For a job well done.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: No deal.
speaker_heading: FOWLER
dialog: Then you've chosen the alternative.
dialog: 113
text: He has a black pistol in one black-gloved hand. An Army-issue
text: Beretta that freezes Brenner's own hand at his lapel.
speaker_heading: FOWLER
dialog: Use that hand to remove the tape
dialog: recorder,
text: Brenner slowly does so, caught by Fowler’s stealth and speed.
speaker_heading: FOWLER
dialog: Toss it to me. Underhand.
text: Brenner underhands it. Fowler catches it, his weapon steady.
text: He steps to his briefcase, opens it, drops the recorder in it.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Now what?
speaker_heading: FOWLER
dialog: I shoot you. With Lieutenant Elby‘s
dialog: weapon. Then I return it to where
dialog: he keeps it. He’s been under a lot
dialog: of stress since you linked him up to
dialog: that basement sex ring.
text: Brenner is coiled, intent, waiting for the slightest chance to
text: vip his piece out and fire it empty.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: It won't fly, Colonel.
speaker_heading: FOWLER
dialog: No one knows we‘’re here, Mr. Brenner.
dialog: And I’ve arranged an emergency for
dialog: Lieutenant Elby. He’1ll miss the
dialog: ceremonies entirely. As for myself,
dialog: I was in full view of four thousand
dialog: troops when he shot you.
text: Brenner's arm flashes, his weapon halfway out as Fowler’s gun
text: cracks twice. Brenner, taking both shots in the chest, kicks
text: backward, lands on his back, the rotten planks caving in under
text: him, his body crashing through the floor.
text: Dust billows. Fowler moves over the hole in the boards. His
text: sights rest on Brenner, sprawled on his back in the filth of
text: the foundation three feet below. Still as rock, mouth gaping,
text: eyes glazed, two black holes blown into his jacket, nearly on
text: center and close together.
dialog: 114
text: Fowler’s gun slams, the muzzle blast lighting the dark of the
text: foundation, Brenner’s body jolting as the middle of his shirt
text: explodes into white tatters, the ejected shell tinkling across
text: the boards. Fowler admires his marksmanship.
speaker_heading: FOWLER
dialog: One-inch group.
text: He steps over the broken planking, grabs his briefcase, walks
text: swiftly out the barracks door.
scene_heading: EXT. PARADE FIELD - FORT HADLEY - DAY
text: General Campbell gazes out over the companies of his division,
text: assembled in formation, rows of bright flags shimmering in the
text: windless heat.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: I stand here an old infantryman, with
dialog: a soldier‘s love for the Army. It’s
dialog: grandeur. It’s ability to make heros
dialog: of common men and women whose service
dialog: is given in faith and courage...
text: His words ring over the field. He wears battle dress, a belt
text: with a holstered pistol, a blouse filled with medals for wars,
text: campaigns. A line of senior officers stand behind him, Fowler
text: among them, his saber hilt glinting.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: We serve something much larger than
dialog: ourselves, and to serve it, we must
dialog: hold it dearer than our own flesh
dialog: and blood. We are bound together,
dialog: as only warriors can be bound... I
dialog: have given my heart to my country,
dialog: and my service to it will never end.
text: The General turns. The color sergeant formally offers him the
text: division flag. The General receives it, turning once more to
dialog: solemnly confer it upon the new Commander of the Post, and the
text: chain of command continues unbroken.
text: The General salutes him, relinquishing his position, and turns
text: his salute to his troops, his face held rigidly against tears.
text: There is a deep and awed silence. The General steps down from
text: the platform, in majesty and sorrow.
dialog: 115
text: A great cheer erupts from the companies standing in formation.
text: Thousands of voices raised up in heartfelt farewell, an uproar
text: that rocks across the still afternoon.
scene_heading: EXT. PARADE FIELD ROAD - DAY
text: Sunhill stands at her car above the field, anxiously searching
text: for Brenner. She holds a cellular phone, the dialed number on
text: display, the line audibly pulsing.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: Come on, Brenner...
scene_heading: EXT. BARRACKS 5 - DAY
text: Brenner’s truck on the hot asphalt, the phone unit on the dash
text: pulsing, light lit.
scene_heading: INT. BARRACKS 5 - DAY
text: The broken flooring. In the dimness past it, propped against
text: the wall and in considerable pain, Brenner. He is shirtless,
text: streaked with dirt and sweat, grimacing as he tears loose the
text: straps of a Kevlar bullet-proof vest.
text: The vest slides off, three black impact marks dented into the
text: heart region. His chest is bruised, ribs broken. He hears a
text: Phone pulsing faintly, turns his head to the open barracks
text: door, his truck visible past it.
scene_heading: EXT. PARADE FIELD ROAD - DAY
text: Sunhill, frustrated, stares at her phone, the line unanswered.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: Damn.
text: She disconnects.
scene_heading: EXT. BRENNER‘S TRUCK - BARRACKS 5 - DAY
text: Brenner leans out of the open door, thumbing the phone on and
text: bringing it to his ear. Dial tone.
dialog: 116
scene_heading: EXT. PARADE FIELD ROAD - DAY
text: Sunhill moves away from her car, stalled, anxious, looking for
text: some sign of Brenner. Her beeper goes off, she turns, sprints
text: back to her car, dives for the phone.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: Brenner..?
scene_heading: EXT. BRENNER’S TRUCK - BARRACKS 5 - DAY
text: Brenner, breathing in pain, is sitting behind the wheel, phone
dialog: in hand.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Oh yeah.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL (V.0.)
dialog: Where the hell are you?
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: (wincing)
dialog: Listen to me. Find Fowler’s car.
dialog: Look for his briefcase. Moore’s
dialog: tape recorder should be in it.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL (V.0.)
dialog: Fowler?
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Then find the General. That’s where
dialog: Fowler will be. I’m on my way.
text: He disconnects, fires the engine, slams into gear, scorching
text: off across the asphalt.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - BELOW PARADE FIELD - DAY
text: The trunk of Fowler’s staff car. The rend of metal, the trunk
text: lid popping up. In the well of the trunk, Fowler's briefcase.
text: A soldier with a slide-hammer moves back. Sunhill stands over
text: the open trunk, staring in.
dialog: 117
scene_heading: EXT. AERIAL VIEW - PARADE FIELD - DAY
text: A vast green floor studded with columns of distant soldiers in
text: olive and tan. Tiny, colorful flags. Brass glinting from the
text: military band, the remote sound of horns and drums. The field
text: lined with grandstands filled with civilians.
scene_heading: EXT. AERIAL VIEW - CLOSER
text: The parade march coming in louder. The General’s personal car
text: on the lawn below. A group of ranking officers gathered there
text: bidding the General and his wife goodbye. Recognizable within
text: the gathering, Colonel Fowler, shaking hands.
text: From the tan width of road below the officers, a figure moving
text: across the grass toward them. Sunhill, her stride determined.
text: The parade drums thundering, beating out a martial cadence.
scene_heading: EXT. AERIAL VIEW - CLOSER
text: Sunhill approaches the group, stopping a dozen feet away. One
text: by one, the officers turn to her. Stillness falling over them
text: as the General walks out to meet her.
text: They exchange words. The General turns to where Fowler stood,
text: but Fowler is no longer there. He turns back to Sunhill. The
text: drums reverberate. She raises the tape recorder. The General
text: stands listening to the playback.
text: Sunhill turns the recorder off. The General, staggered, walks
text: away from her. He drops to his knees.
text: The rumbling percussion fades out as a great, anguished scream
text: rises up, shaking the air.
scene_heading: EXT. BRENNER‘S TRUCK - EDGE OF PARADE FIELD - DAY
text: The pick-up slams to a skidding halt, Brenner bails out, still
text: shirtless, weapon in hand. He races past the crowd that pours
text: out on the field, soldiers and civilians staring, shouting out
dialog: in alarm.
dialog: 118
scene_heading: EXT. PARADE FIELD ~ DAY
text: The General is bowed on the turf, his wife has rushed to him.
text: Sunhill, stricken, turns from him as the shouting rises past
text: her. Brenner is sprinting up through the midst of the crowd,
text: his badge held high. She runs toward him.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: Fowler’s gone!
text: Brenner and Sunhill desperately scan the field, swarming now
text: with soldiers, many armed and ready to shoot. A group of MPs
text: pound toward them, pistols out. Brenner raises his badge up,
text: bellowing hoarsely.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
scene_heading: CID! FIND COLONEL FOWLER!
text: Another wave of shouts and cries fills the air. Brenner and
text: Sunhill pivot, see a flurry of commotion, a crowd rushing to
text: an area ahead of them.
text: They take off at a dead run, both quickly closing ground for
text: the fringes of the throng, soldiers and civilians pushing in
text: toward something.
text: They reach the edge of a human wall, jump in, tearing a path.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
text: CID! STAND AWAY! STAND BACK!
text: They fight their way through the close pack of bodies, Brenner
text: ramming forward, yelling raggedly. The crowd gives, they push
text: out into an open circle of lawn, bringing themselves up short,
text: panting, staring ahead.
text: Colonel Fowler stands in a clearing ringed by shocked soldiers
text: and civilians, saber drawn, an MP, arm slashed, lying pale and
text: still on the grass below him, his pistol under Fowler's shoe.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Give it up, Colonel.
text: Fowler, face stone, eyes black, stares at him, past reason or
text: redemption. Several soldiers make a move toward him, he cuts
text: the air with his steel, growling, they leap back as the crowd
text: shouts out.
dialog: 119
text: He glares savagely at Brenner, swinging his blade in a circle,
text: the sun gleaming off the razor-honed edge of it. He advances.
text: Brenner and Sunhill drop down defensively, level their weapons
text: as the ring of onlookers fall back.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Halt!
text: Fowler raises the blade over his head. The blast of a gunshot
text: splits the air, a row of medals exploding off his chest. The
text: Colonel lurches, topples face forward, dead as he hits ground.
text: The agents, frozen in a crouch, stare in astonishment, weapons
text: unfired. The crowd stunned, silent, parting across the circle
text: of the clearing, leaving one man standing alone.
text: General Campbell. His officer’s Beretta in his hand, features
text: terrible, eyes hollow.
text: He lowers his gun. It slips from his fingers. Pandemonium.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN BOULEVARD - FORT HADLEY - DAY
text: Hot Georgia sky. Shadeless lawn. Chanting. A file of young,
text: head-shaven recruits moving in step-time along the road, their
text: drill sergeant dogging them.
text: Sunhill's Mustang, one flank scraped and battered, drives past
text: them, moving toward the main gate.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN GATE - FORT HADLEY - DAY
text: She stands outside her car, shading her eyes. Brenner’s pick-
text: up approaches. The truck stops, he gets out, crosses the road
dialog: to her.
text: They stand facing each other, glad to see each other, sorry it
dialog: may be the last time.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: So you're really out.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: It had to be that way.
text: Brenner nods, understanding. She gazes at him, regretfully.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: What happens to you?
dialog: 120
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: I’m not sure... They can't decide
dialog: whether to give me a medal or hang
dialog: me. Maybe I‘1ll just cash out.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: You're a lifer, Brenner.
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Yeah. I guess I am.
text: They smile, their attraction to each other seen in their eyes.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: Am I ever gonna see you again?
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Just let me know where you are.
text: Their smiles fade. They stand close to each other, wanting to
text: embrace. Instead, he extends his hand, in respect. Her eyes
dialog: hold her own regard, sincerity.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: Thank you. For everything.
text: Their handshake lingers. Sunhill turns, her eyes damp, enters
text: her car. He leans over her window. She looks up at him.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: I turned a corner in my life... My
dialog: father. The General. Fowler. The
dialog: Army, what it stands for... they all
dialog: got it wrong.
text: Brenner stares at her, somber.
speaker_heading: SUNHILL
dialog: Who really killed her, Brenner?
speaker_heading: BRENNER
dialog: Everybody.
text: Their gaze lasts a moment more. She smiles a plaintive smile,
text: a look of goodbye. Then she starts the car, turning her eyes
dialog: to the future.
text: Brenner remains there, watching her pull out, her car drawing
text: away on the road, receding.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
dialog: 
