speaker_heading: THE GRUDGE
dialog: Written by
dialog: Nicolas Pesce
text: Inspired by the film
dialog: "Ju-On" by Takashi Shimizu
dialog: 8.4.17
scene_heading: INT. NURSING HOME — DAY 1
text: Nurses, doctors and orderlies bounce about the bright halls
text: of the nursing home amidst the morning bustle. Patients on
text: foot and in wheelchairs emerge from their rooms greeting the
text: morning with smiles on their faces.
text: We follow FAITH MATHESON (70) as she wheels herself down the
text: hall in her wheelchair. An orderly greets her as he passes.
speaker_heading: ORDERLY
dialog: Mornin’ Mrs. Matheson.
text: The old woman nods and continues down the hallway past the
text: nurses station.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: How ya doin’ Mrs. Matheson?
text: Again she nods, smiling blankly as she continues on down the
text: sunlit hallway. A doctor peels out of a patient’s room and
text: into the hall.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Mrs. Matheson! You're out and about
text: awfully early. Heading out for a
dialog: walk?
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: Mhmr.
text: She wheels her chair past the elevator bank and at the end of
text: the hallway she turns the corner. At the top of the steep
text: staircase, she stops and waits. She peers down the steps.
text: They seem to go on forever.
text: And just then, she wheels herself down the staircase.
text: Tumbling violently down six flights of stairs. Her body
text: breaking and smashing under the weight of the chair and the
text: force of her body hitting each step.
text: At the bottom of the stairwell, she lays broken under her
text: mangled wheelchair.
text: From above, nurses pour into the stairwell screaming.
speaker_heading: NURSE (0.S.)
dialog: Oh my god! Oh my god!
text: Feet shuffle overhead in a panic.
text: cUT TO BLACK.
dialog: (Titles play over black.)
text: WHEN SOMEONE DIES IN THE GRIP OF A POWERFUL RAGE ...
text: ».. A CURSE IS BORN.
text: THE CURSE GATHERS IN THE PLACE OF DEATH.
text: THOSE WHO ENCOUNTER IT WILL BE CONSUMED BY ITS FURY.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
scene_heading: TITLE CARD: DHE GRUDGE
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: OPENING CREDITS:
text: A barrage of horror.
text: A morbid take on the To Kill a Mockingbird credits.
text: An abstract collage of images, extreme close ups, in and out
dialog: of focus.
dialog: Crime scene photos from all over America, all different
dialog: decades.
dialog: But all suburban homes.
text: Families face down on basement floors.
text: Cops in bloody rooms.
text: Child-sized bodies in child-sized body bags.
text: Blood splattered living rooms.
text: Blood soiled bed sheets.
text: An artful but horrific depiction of the viscera of crime
dialog: scene details.
text: Mashed together into some nightmarish sort of montage.
speaker_heading: cUuT TO:
scene_heading: TITLE CARD: “PETER & NINA”
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - DAY 2
text: NINA SPENCER (40), five months pregnant, lays in a hospital
text: gown on the exam table. Her husband PETER SPENCER (42),
text: stands by her side holding her hand. Bags under his eyes, he
text: looks like he hasn’t slept in weeks. But there’s an anxious
text: look on both of their faces.
text: A nurse rubs iodine over Nina's pregnant belly while another
text: nurse preps large needles in the background. The nurse
text: rubbing iodine takes a large needle from the other nurse and
text: turns to Nina with a smile.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Don’t worry. Amnios are pretty
dialog: routine for women your age.
text: Nina puts on a bashful smile, stung by the comment. The nurse
text: in the background rubs gel onto the sonogram wand and holds
text: it to Nina’s belly. A grainy black and white image appears on
text: the screen beside the exam table.
speaker_heading: NURSE (CONT’D)
dialog: This is the poke. Put your elbows
dialog: down at your side.
text: The nurse slowly lowers the large needle into Nina’s womb.
speaker_heading: NURSE (CONT’D)
dialog: That's the needle, does it hurt?
text: Nina shakes her head.
speaker_heading: NINA
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: This is where you’re gonna feel a
dialog: cramp.
text: Nina clamps down hard on Peter's hand. On the screen, the
text: shiny gleaming needle pokes through the amniotic sac with a
text: bounce. Nina winces in pain.
speaker_heading: NURSE (CONT‘D)
dialog: That's it.
text: The shining tip of the needle lowers closer and closer to the
text: black mass in the center of the screen. There’s an odd
text: tension in the otherwise clinical moment as the needle
text: approaches closer and closer to the baby inside.
speaker_heading: NURSE (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you see it? That's your baby.
text: The nurse looks to the couple with a smile. Peter, grinning
text: from ear to ear, can’t take his eyes off the screen. But Nina
text: doesn't look, she doesn’t even turn her head. Tears well in
text: her eyes and Peter sees something’s wrong.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: How ya doin’?
text: She wipes away the tears.
speaker_heading: NINA
dialog: I'm okay.
text: She turns to the screen and puts on a fake smile.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Almost done.
text: The nurse screws a syringe onto the needle emerging from
text: Nina’s belly and pulls the plunger back. The syringe fills
text: with a yellowish liquid.
speaker_heading: NURSE (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you know the gender?
text: Nina's quick to respond.
speaker_heading: NINA
dialog: No.
text: Peter looks at her and she smiles.
speaker_heading: NINA (CONT'D)
dialog: We want to be surprised.
text: But there’s dishonesty in her voice.
scene_heading: INT. DOCTOR’S OFFICE - DAY 3
text: Peter and Nina sit across the desk from DR. MAHER.
speaker_heading: DR. MAHER
dialog: Like I told you from the start,
dialog: there’s always a high risk of birth
dialog: defect for women your age.
text: The couple’s expressions are blank stares of understanding.
speaker_heading: NINA
dialog: And you found something?
text: The doctor is matter of fact but sympathetic.
speaker_heading: DR. MAHER
dialog: We spotted a chromosomal
dialog: abnormality.
text: It's quiet for a moment.
speaker_heading: DR. MAHER (CONT'D)
dialog: The likelihood that you're child
dialog: will be born with ALD is high.
text: Nina’‘s stomach drops.
speaker_heading: DR. MAHER (CONT'D)
dialog: I know we've previously discussed
dialog: various possibilities, but if you
dialog: have any questions now, please
dialog: don’t hesitate to ask.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: So what does this mean... in terms
dialog: of time?
text: A glassy, far off look in his eyes.
speaker_heading: DR. MAHER
dialog: You'll have a healthy child for
dialog: four to five years.
speaker_heading: NINA
dialog: And then what about after that?
speaker_heading: DR. MAHER
dialog: Best case? Your child will live
dialog: another two to five years. Life
dialog: beyond the age of ten is unlikely.
dialog: And the older they get, the worse
dialog: they respond to the treatment.
text: The revelation is devastating.
speaker_heading: DR. MAHER (CONT'D)
dialog: I can put you in touch with some
dialog: other families. It helps to hear
dialog: from other parents about the
dialog: realities of this.
text: After a moment, Peter looks up. Hope, dim in his eyes.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: But there’s still a chance? That
dialog: our baby will be healthy?
scene_heading: INT. PETER’S CAR — DAY 4
text: Peter driving, Nina in the passenger seat beside him. They
text: drive along a small suburban highway as it rains. The yellow
text: lines speed by on the wet pavement. A silent tension cuts
text: through the car.
text: Nina stares blankly out the window. But Peter has a look in
text: his eye like he’s about to explode.
text: After a while he can’t take it anymore.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: You don’t want to do this, do you?
text: She doesn’t respond. She just keeps staring out the window.
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT‘D)
dialog: You have to say something.
speaker_heading: NINA
dialog: I don’t know. I don’t think I can
dialog: handle this.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: No one’s prepared to handle
dialog: something like this. But you figure
dialog: it out.
speaker_heading: NINA
dialog: I just wrapped my head around being
dialog: a parent. But I didn’t sign up for
dialog: this.
text: She can tell it breaks his heart. It’s quiet again. The rain
text: beats down on the windshield. Peter stares at the windshield
text: wipers as they sway steadily back and forth.
text: Finally, he breaks the silence.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Let’s stop at the Landers’.
text: Nina doesn’t respond, her mind somewhere else.
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT'D)
dialog: I want to drop off the papers on
dialog: our way home.
scene_heading: INT. PETER’S CAR - DAY 5
text: Heavy rain beats down on the manicured lawns. The wind
text: whistles through the trees.
dialog: 7.
text: The signpost on the corner reads: “REYBURN DRIVE”. Peter and
text: Nina pull up to a driveway at the end of the cul-de-sac and
text: park on the street.
text: At the top of the driveway is a two-story mid-century modern
text: ranch. A “FOR SALE” sign planted in the front lawn. House
text: number 44, This is the LANDERS’ HOUSE.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: I'll be quick.
text: Peter gets out of the car. Nina watches as he walks towards
dialog: the house.
scene_heading: EXT. THE LANDERS HOUSE - DAY 6
text: Peter walks up the driveway, passing the FOR SALE sign
text: mounted on the front lawn. The sign sports a cheesy, smiling
text: photo of Peter and Nina, before the pregnancy, and the words
text: “SPENCER REALTY”.
text: The rain has started to come down harder, a dark cloud now
text: casting ominous shadows overhead. Peter gets to the front
text: door and knocks. Nothing. He waits a few moments and knocks
text: again. Still nothing.
text: He reaches into his pocket and takes out his phone. He dials
text: a number and holds the cell phone to his ear. The land line
text: inside the house starts ringing.
text: Peter looks into the windows. The house is empty and dark. No
text: sign of anyone. The phone just keeps ringing as he stares
text: into the seemingly empty house. The call goes to voicemail
text: and he hangs up the phone.
text: He looks down to the real estate issued lock box hanging from
text: the doorknob. He punches in the code and retrieves the key
text: from inside. He unlocks the door, and pushes it open.
text: He sets one foot inside, and leans in.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Hello? Anybody home?
scene_heading: INT. PETER’S CAR - DAY 7
text: From afar, Nina watches her husband. There’s something
text: captivating about the house, transfixing.
text: She turns back to the street in front of her. Her eyes
text: watching the rain beat down. The sound of the rain is
text: hypnotic. Her mind is somewhere else.
speaker_heading: KNOCK KNOCK KNOCK
text: Startled, she flinches.
text: It's Peter, knocking on the window, motioning for her to
text: unlock the door. She breathes a sigh of relief. She unlocks
text: the door and he gets in.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: No one’s home.
text: Wet, tired, and annoyed, Peter starts the car.
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT'D)
dialog: I‘11 try again in the morning.
text: After a beat:
speaker_heading: NINA
dialog: You think something happened?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Like what?
speaker_heading: NINA
dialog: I don’t know. Doesn't he seem a
dialog: little off?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: The husband?
speaker_heading: NINA
dialog: Yeah. Like too nice, or something.
text: Peter shakes his head.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: I think he’s painfully normal.
text: They drive away.
text: The house sits there, watching, waiting.
scene_heading: INT. THE SPENCER HOME (KITCHEN) - NIGHT 8
text: Peter and Nina sit at the kitchen table eating dinner. They
text: eat in silence not looking up from their meals. It's terribly
text: tense. Finally, Peter breaks the silence.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Can we taik about this? I can’t
dialog: just sit here in silence like this
dialog: and pretend like nothing’s wrong.
speaker_heading: NINA
dialog: I don’t know what you want me to
dialog: say.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: I want you to tell me what's going
dialog: on. Talk to me. I’m nervous too. I
dialog: haven't had a good night sleep in
dialog: weeks. And not knowing what’s going
dialog: on with you is making this all so
dialog: much harder,
text: Her eyes downcast, she sighs. After a moment Nina responds.
speaker_heading: NINA
dialog: I didn’t want to have this baby in
dialog: the first place. But... you so
dialog: badly did.
text: It's hard to choke out the words. They send a bullet through
dialog: Peter.
speaker_heading: NINA (CONT’D)
dialog: I just love you so much. I wanted
dialog: to do it for you.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Don‘t put this on me.
speaker_heading: NINA
dialog: I really thought... I thought I’d
dialog: feel differently once I was
dialog: pregnant. And I started to. But
dialog: this...
text: She looks at her husband across the table, he’s destroyed.
text: She can see the sadness in his eyes.
speaker_heading: NINA (CONT’D)
dialog: Are you mad?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: No. I’m not mad.
text: He's quiet.
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT‘D)
dialog: It's just... we're getting older,
dialog: and I don't know, I just feel like
dialog: this is our last chance.
text: She doesn’t know what to say.
dialog: 10
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: NINA
dialog: I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Don’t apologize. Just tell me what
dialog: you want to do.
text: They sit there in silence.
scene_heading: INT. THE SPENCER HOME (BEDROOM) - NIGHT 9
text: Unable to sleep, Peter lays awake in bed. His pregnant wife
text: is fast asleep next to him. A bottle of sleeping pills sits
text: on the nightstand beside Peter. He eyes the pills, but he
text: turns away.
text: He lays there, staring at the ceiling, lost in thought. Nina
text: rolls over, Her eyes still closed, half asleep, she groggily
text: mutters to him.
speaker_heading: NINA
dialog: It’s so cold. Can you turn up the
dialog: heat baby?
text: He looks over at her, sound asleep like a baby. As though she
text: never moved at all. He feels like he’s losing it.
text: He gets up and goes to the thermostat. It ts awfully cold. He
text: turns up the heat and gets back into bed.
text: He lays there. He tries to close his eyes and fall asleep.
text: But suddenly, he hears footsteps. Light gentle footsteps in
text: the hallway outside. He opens his eyes.
text: It's quiet. But then, more footsteps. He waits. Nothing.
text: He sits up and checks on his wife. She’s still asleep. And
text: then again, more footsteps. He turns to the door and sits
text: there for a moment waiting. His heart racing.
text: And then the sound of a door opening down the hall. His heart
text: skips a beat. He peels back the sheets and steps out of bed.
text: Slowly, he moves towards the door. He reaches for the
text: doorknob, and gently eases the door open.
scene_heading: INT. THE SPENCER HOME (HALLWAY) - NIGHT 10
text: Peter peers out from the bedroom. At the other end of the
text: hallway, there’s a door pushed open. All the lights in the
text: house are off. Except for the room at the end of the hall.
dialog: 11
dialog: 12
dialog: 13
dialog: il.
text: Peter walks down the hallway towards the room. Step by step
text: his heart beats faster.
text: Just then, the sound of a little girl laughing. Coming from
text: inside the room. Oddly mechanical sounding. But it makes
text: Peter stop dead in his tracks.
text: It’s quiet in the house. He turns and looks back to the
text: bedroom where his pregnant wife lays sleeping. And then back
text: to the room at the end of the hall. He takes a breath and
text: steps closer to the open door.
text: He stands outside the door and slowly pushes it open.
scene_heading: INT. THE SPENCER HOME (NURSERY) - NIGHT 11
text: Inside is a baby’s nursery. But there’s no one in the room.
text: He breathes a sigh of relief.
text: He gazes at all the toys and furniture they've purchased in
text: preparation for the special moment and smiles.
text: Then he notices something. Across the room, there’s a doll on
text: the floor. He stares at it for a moment.
text: He walks to the doll and picks it up. He looks down, the
text: doll’s porcelain face staring back at him.
text: He squeezes the doll and it emits a mechanical little laugh.
text: The sound he’d just heard out in the hall. He laughs to
text: himself and puts the doll back up on the shelf.
text: He stands in the doorway taking one last look before he goes.
text: A deep sadness comes over him. He turns off the lights and
text: walks out of the room.
scene_heading: INT. THE SPENCER HOME (HALLWAY) - NIGHT 12
text: Peter heads down the hallway towards the bathroom. But
text: unbeknownst to him, a little girl quietly peels out of the
text: nursery behind him.
text: She crosses the hallway into the shadows and out of sight.
scene_heading: INT. THE SPENCER HOME (BATHROOM) - NIGHT 13
text: Peter's in the shower. The small tiled bathroom is filled
text: with steam. Anxiety sweeps through him in waves. He lowers
text: his head, breathing deeply. The shower stream beating down on
text: the back of his head, a steady pulsing to the sound.
dialog: 14
dialog: 12.
text: He reaches for the bottle of shampoo and squirts a handful
text: into his palm. He closes his eyes and rubs the shampoo into
text: his hair.
text: A thick, oozing yellow substance bubbles up from the drain,
text: pooling at his feet. He can feel the sticky muck between his
text: toes. He opens his eyes and looks down. But there’s nothing
text: there. He closes his eyes and continues to wash his hair.
text: Outside the shower, a mirror is mounted to the wall above the
text: sink. For a moment, through the fogged shower door, through
text: the billows of steam, in the reflection, it seems as though
text: there’s a ghostly figure standing behind Peter in the shower.
text: Her arms wrapped around him.
text: His hands reach back ag he rinses the lather from his hair.
text: And as he reaches back, he feels the woman behind him,
text: Startled, his eyes shoot open and he gasps as he spins around
text: to see who’s in the shower behind him. But there's no one
dialog: there.
text: He turns off the shower and slides open the Plexiglas door.
text: He takes a towel from the rack and dries himself off. He
text: stands in front of the mirror. His reflection abstracted by
text: the fog. He wipes away the condensation with his hand,
text: clearing his reflection in the mirror. He stands there
text: staring at himself. Alone in the room.
scene_heading: INT. THE SPENCER HOME (BEDROOM) - NIGHT 14
text: Still unable to sleep, Peter once again lays awake in bed,
text: staring at the ceiling. He turns and eyes the jar of sleeping
text: pills. He thinks. Then reaches over to the nightstand and
text: takes the jar. He shakes one into his hand and then one more.
text: He swallows the pills and lays down. He closes his eyes and
text: tries to fall asleep.
text: The moon shines brightly through the sheer curtains covering
text: the windows. The room is dark, but an odd sound creeps up. At
text: first, it seems as though its just the wind. Or the creaking
text: of the house. But the sound is something else.
text: In the darkest corner across the room, the closet door is
text: pushed open, only ever so slightly. As Peter finally succumbs
text: to the waves of sleep, in his final moments of consciousness,
text: its as if he can feel someone breathing on the back of his
text: neck in the bed next to him.
text: And standing behind the closet door, you can almost make out
text: the shape of a young girl standing in the shadows. One eye
text: peering out. Her form only made out by the moonlight
text: reflecting off her dark hair and the black of her eye.
dialog: 15
dialog: 13.
scene_heading: INT. THE SPENCER HOME (HALLWAY) - DAY 15
text: The next morning, Peter walks out of the bedroom to find his
text: wife standing in the doorway of the nursery peering in. He
text: watches her for a moment before he speaks.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Hi.
text: She turns.
speaker_heading: NINA
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: How do you feel?
text: She’s quiet. She shakes her head.
speaker_heading: NINA
dialog: I don’t know.
text: He goes to her and puts his arm around her.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: It'll be okay. We’ll figure it out.
text: They stand there together for a moment staring into the
text: nursery. Peter turns to his wife.
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT’D)
dialog: You want breakfast? Lemme make you
dialog: something.
text: She turns to him and smiles.
speaker_heading: NINA
dialog: You? Cook?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: What? I’m a good cook,
text: She heads down the stairs, calling back playfully over her
text: shoulder as she goes.
speaker_heading: NINA
dialog: So you’re just gonna burn the place
dialog: down? Is that how we're gonna deal
dialog: with this?
text: He laughs.
dialog: 16
dialog: 17
dialog: 18
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Arson’s not my thing. I’m too much
dialog: of a wimp for all the flames.
scene_heading: EXT. THE LANDERS HOUSE - DAY 16
text: Peter pulls up in front of the Landers house. That odd, mid-
text: century modern home on the cul-de-sac. House number 44, Rain
text: beats down under the dark clouds overhead.
scene_heading: INT. PETER‘S CAR - DAY 17
text: As he approaches the house, the car radio, playing the news,
text: suddenly cuts to choppy static. For a moment, there’s a
text: strange wheezing sound that emerges. But he puts the car in
text: park, shuts the engine, and rushes out into the rain.
scene_heading: EXT. THE LANDERS HOUSE — DAY 18
text: He hurries up the long driveway, holding his bag over his
text: head to shield him from the rain. But as he approaches the
text: front door, he has a strange feeling. An odd sound pokes
text: through the whistle of the wind. That same wheeze.
text: He rings the doorbell. No answer. He rings again. But the
text: house remains silent. He knocks on the door.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Hello?
text: He waits. Nothing. He tries again.
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT'D)
dialog: Hello?
text: Still nothing. He sighs. He takes out his phone and dials the
text: number. The phone just rings and rings inside the house. He
text: hangs up the phone and knocks one more time.
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT‘D)
dialog: Hello?
text: The wind flaps the papers of the contract in his hands. He
text: peers into the window beside the door. The house looks empty.
text: He takes a step back and thinks for a moment. He turns the
text: doorknob. It’s still unlocked. He opens the door and leans
text: into the entryway of the house.
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT'D)
dialog: Hello? Hello?
dialog: 15.
text: No one seems to be home. He leans back out and closes the
text: door. He realizes there's something strange about stepping
text: into someone else’s dark house. Ee looks around to see if
dialog: anyone's been watching.
text: Across the street is an older woman in a bathrobe and curlers
text: standing at the end of her driveway. A cigarette in one hand,
dialog: today’s newspaper in the other. Who knows how long she’s been
text: standing there.
text: Peter smiles and waves awkwardly. But the woman just stares
text: back at him with a blank, skeptical look. She takes a drag
text: from her cigarette and heads back up her driveway.
text: Peter turns back to the house. Just as he does, out of the
text: corner of his eye, its as though the side gate creeps open on
text: its own. Ee stares at it for a moment. He looks around to
text: make sure no ones watching, and then walks through the gate
text: to the side of the house.
text: There, in the small garden, various everyday items are
text: scattered violently about. A lamp shade, chairs and a table,
text: broken vases and dishes, a scattered fish tank, a broken
text: cooler, smashed flower pots, books and photo albums and
text: garbage bags and groceries.
text: The mess looks fresh. Flies buzzing all around. The stench of
text: the rotting food is horrific. Peter recoils.
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT’D)
dialog: Oh god.
text: Looking around the garden, he notices a small mound of dirt
text: in the corner. It looks new, like it’s been made in the last
text: few days. He continues toward the back of the garden, taking
text: care not to step on anything. He looks at the mess as he
text: wades through it.
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT'D)
dialog: Jesus Christ.
text: At his feet is a flower pot that looks like it’s been burned.
text: Toppled over, its contents are strewn about the walkway.
text: Amongst the charred remains are two burned plane tickets and
dialog: books about child psychology, developmental disorders, and
text: autism. He reaches down for one of the books.
text: Just then, he notices something out of the corner of his eye.
text: Staring back at him through the kitchen sliding door, from
text: inside the house is little MELINDA LANDERS (6).
text: For a moment he’s startled by the sight. But he laughs.
dialog: 19
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT'D)
dialog: You scared me.
text: He walks towards the sliding doors. The little girl just
text: stands there on the other side of the glass. Rocking back and
text: forth, ever so slightly. An odd blank stare across her face.
text: Peter smiles.
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT’D)
dialog: Are your parents home?
text: Melinda remains silent, looking back at Peter with dim eyes.
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT'D)
dialog: Can you hear me?
text: Her eyes are unfocused as her rocking slows. It seems as if
text: she isn't looking at Peter, but someone behind him.
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT'D)
dialog: Hello?
text: The little girl silently steps back, and disappears out
text: through the kitchen door, into the dark shadows of the house.
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT'D)
dialog: Wait!
text: He hurries back around to the front door. He reaches for the
text: doorknob and opens the door. He calls out cautiously as he
text: enters the house.
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm coming in.
scene_heading: INT. THE LANDERS HOUSE - DAY 19
text: The instant he steps into the house, he feels something
text: terribly ominous rush through him. He freezes. It feels oddly
text: empty. Oddly quiet. More quiet than it should be.
text: It looks well lived-in. Packed moving boxes are scattered
text: about the rooms. He calls out.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Peter Spencer here. I have your
dialog: Papers with me.
text: He waits for a response. But there isn’t one.
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT’D)
dialog: Hello?
dialog: 20
dialog: 17.
text: Still no response. He walks deeper into the house. Slowly he
text: walks down the hallway. The living room is on his right.
text: Inside, he sees Melinda sitting limply on the sofa. She just
text: sits there staring off into space. Rocking back and forth.
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey there.
text: The little girl doesn’t acknowledge him as he steps into the
dialog: room.
scene_heading: INT. THE LANDERS HOUSE (LIVING ROOM) - DAY 20
text: The dark room is rather large. The curtains are closed,
text: blocking the sun.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Are your parents home?
text: The girl remains silent. She stares at a point on the wall
text: absentmindedly as she rocks.
text: Bags under her eyes. Band-aids covering large scrapes on her
text: knees and the palms of her hands. Her lips terribly chapped.
text: And there’s something deeply unsettling about her stare. Her
text: eyes, dark, almost seem to be swollen. Her eyelids bloated.
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT'D)
dialog: Are you okay?
text: But Melinda just keeps staring at the wall. Peter sits down
text: on the couch opposite the girl. You can see his readiness for
text: fatherhood in how he interacts with the girl.
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT'D)
dialog: Where are your parents?
text: Nothing. He looks around at the mess. His eagerness to help
dialog: the child in need and unbridled patience are qualities marked
dialog: only by parenthood.
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT'D)
dialog: Did something happen?
text: Still nothing. The house is so quiet. The silence in the room
text: accumulates like cold air. Peter feels a deep sense of
text: foreboding.
text: He stands and takes his phone from his pocket, unable to sit
text: still from the unease. He dials a number and holds the phone
text: to his ear. It rings and rings. He waits.
dialog: 18.
text: Finally, it goes to voicemail.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (over the phone)
dialog: You've reached Sam Landers. Leave a
dialog: message.
text: He’s clearly nervous, but he puts on a fake calm affect to
text: his voice.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (into the phone)
dialog: Hey there. Peter Spencer here. From
dialog: Spencer Realty. I’m actually... I'm
dialog: actually at your house right now.
dialog: Wanted to get your signature on the
dialog: closing contracts.
text: He paces around the room.
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT‘D)
dialog: (into the phone)
dialog: I’ll try you at work. And your
dialog: wife’s number.
text: His back to the little girl sitting quietly on the couch.
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT'D)
dialog: (into the phone)
dialog: Your daughter’s here. Seems like
dialog: something happened over here.
text: Just then, the smallest drop of bile dribbles slowly from the
text: little girl's lips to her chin.
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT'D)
dialog: (into the phone)
dialog: Just making sure everything’s okay.
text: Feeling the moisture, she looks down casually.
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT'D)
dialog: (into the phone)
dialog: Well, yeah, I guess, just give me a
dialog: call back when you get this. You've
dialog: got my number.
text: The girl touches the wetness on her chin and looks down at
text: the smear of bile rubbed across her fingertips.
text: But Peter doesn’t notice. He hangs up the phone,
text: CUT TO BLACK.
dialog: 21
dialog: 19.
scene_heading: INT. THE LANDERS HOUSE (MELINDA’S BEDROOM) - NIGHT 21
text: Upstairs, little Melinda Landers paces around her room in a
text: panic. FIONA LANDERS (40), six months pregnant, stands in the
text: doorway, concerned.
speaker_heading: FIONA
dialog: What’s wrong?
speaker_heading: MELINDA
dialog: I can’t find Lisa.
text: Fiona takes a step towards her daughter.
speaker_heading: FIONA
dialog: Okay, well let me help you look.
text: Melinda shrieks.
speaker_heading: MELINDA
dialog: No!
text: The little girl starts to cry. The cries quickly become
text: wails.
text: She squeezes her eyes tightly shut and starts swinging her
text: fists at her head. Self-inflicting blows to her face.
text: Fiona rushes to her.
speaker_heading: FIONA
dialog: Okay, okay. Baby? Baby? You're
dialog: okay. You're okay.
text: She sits Melinda down on the ground, while trying to hold the
text: girl by the wrists to prevent her from further hurting
dialog: herself.
text: But Melinda keeps screaming.
text: Fiona, now on the ground reaches over to the bed and pulls a
text: pillow to the floor. She lays Melinda’s head onto the pillow,
text: and holds her arms on the ground beside her.
text: But Melinda keeps screaming. And with her arms restrained,
text: her body thrashes wildly.
speaker_heading: FIONA (CONT‘D)
dialog: Please baby. It’s okay. It’s okay.
text: But she keeps thrashing.
speaker_heading: FIONA (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh god. Sam? Sam?!
dialog: 20.
text: No response as the little girl keeps screaming and thrashing.
speaker_heading: FIONA (CONT‘D)
dialog: Sam?! Please?! Where are you?!
text: Fiona on all fours trying to keep the little girl down,
speaker_heading: FIONA (CONT'D)
dialog: Please baby. You're okay. SAM?!
text: But the thrashing continues.
text: Finally, Fiona lays her body weight down on the girl in an
text: attempt to restrain her.
text: The adult woman lays on the little girl.
speaker_heading: FIONA (CONT'D)
text: Shhh. Shhh. Shhh.
text: And the little girl calms down.
text: Still in a state of high anxiety, Fiona pants as she kneels
text: and gets up off her daughter.
text: She turns and sees SAM (45) standing in the doorway.
text: She gasps, momentarily startled by hin.
speaker_heading: FIONA (CONT'D)
dialog: Jesus.
text: She puts her hand to her heart, trying to calm down.
speaker_heading: FIONA (CONT'D)
dialog: How long have you been standing
dialog: there?
text: The man is slight and balding. He just stands there looking
text: at her.
speaker_heading: FIONA (CONT‘D)
dialog: Were you just standing there
dialog: watching?
text: Fiona looks at him disgusted. She shakes her head.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: What?
text: She gets up off the floor and leaves the room.
text: cUT TO BLACK.
dialog: 22
dialog: 21.
scene_heading: TITLE CARD: “GOODMAN & MULDOON”
scene_heading: INT. THE MULDOON HOUSE (MASTER BEDROOM) - NIGHT 22
text: A wedding video plays on the TV in the corner. The sound is
text: muted. A happy couple. A husband and wife at their wedding
text: party. Playfully feeding each other cake, dancing on the
text: dance floor, smiles on their faces. Happier times.
text: Across the room, DETECTIVE MULDOON (38), the woman on the
text: tape, sits at the edge of the bed. Her service weapon tense
text: in her hand. She rests the gun in her lap.
text: She looks at the man holding her so lovingly on the video.
text: Tears streaming down her face, she sobs silently. Her body
text: shakes, her arms quiver. With a shaky hand, she pulls back
dialog: the safety.
text: Suddenly, there’s a knock on her door and a little boy's
text: voice calls through.
speaker_heading: BURKE (0.S.)
dialog: Mom?
text: Muldoon's eyes shoot to the door. Quickly, she turns off the
text: TV and hides the gun under the bed. She wipes the tears from
text: her face and calls back.
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: Yeah?
text: The door pushes open and BURKE MULDOON (6) stands there
text: wiping tears from his own face.
speaker_heading: MULDOON (CONT’D)
dialog: Can't sleep?
text: The young boy shakes his head. Muldoon motions for him to
dialog: come over.
speaker_heading: MULDOON (CONT’D)
dialog: Come here.
text: The boy sits down beside his mother on the bed and rests his
text: head in her lap. Muldoon pets the boy’s hair, comforting him.
speaker_heading: MULDOON (CONT'D)
dialog: You're alright.
dialog: Muldoon'’s whole mood shifts in the presence of her son. You
text: can really see how much love there is between them.
dialog: 23
dialog: 24
dialog: 25
dialog: 26
dialog: 22.
scene_heading: INT. THE MULDOON HOUSE — DAY 23
text: The sun’s come up over the town as morning light pours in,
text: Burke sits on the couch in the living room watching cartoons.
text: Muldoon stands at the counter in the kitchen, frantically
text: making her son's lunch while trying to get dressed for work.
text: She turns and looks out the window, noticing the school bus
text: pulling up outside. She calls out to her son in the other
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: Burke! Bus is here!
scene_heading: INT. GOODMAN'S HOUSE (BEDROOM) - DAY 24
text: DETECTIVE GOODMAN (55), weathered and unkempt, stands at the
text: mirror getting dressed for work. The bedroom’s decor is old-
text: world and matronly. The lacy curtains don’t seem to suit a
dialog: man this gruff.
text: He ties his tie with disgruntled precision, watching his
text: hands in auto-pilot as he does it.
scene_heading: INT. GOODMAN’S HOUSE (LIVING ROOM) — DAY 25
text: Goodman sits on the couch eating a bowl of cereal watching
text: “The Price Is Right". He‘s got a napkin tucked into the
text: collar of his shirt like a bib to protect his button down
text: shirt. He smokes a cigarette, taking puffs between bites.
text: The walls are covered in photos that must be decades old.
text: Every photo, child and teenage Goodman with his Mother.
text: Religious paraphernalia lines the shelves, everything from
text: Virgin Mary statues to Rosary Beads and candles.
text: But the room is littered with old medical equipment. An old
text: hospice bed with the sheets still on it, bed made. A few
text: oxygen tanks sitting by its side, atop each tank an emphysema
dialog: mask.
scene_heading: INT. GOODMAN'S CAR - DAY 26
text: Detective Goodman sits in his car in the Police Station
text: parking lot. He finishes the end of his cigarette as he
text: watches the officers file into the precinct, starting the
text: day. He reaches for the glove compartment and removes a stack
text: of mass cards and Saint pendants. He puts them into the suit
text: pocket above his heart, tosses the cigarette butt out the
text: window, and gets out of the car.
dialog: 27
dialog: 28
dialog: 23.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE PRECINCT (KITCHEN) - DAY 27
text: Goodman stands at the counter pouring a cup of coffee.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE GRECO (0.S.)
dialog: Heard they ended up stickin’ you
text: with the new chick.
text: DETECTIVE GRECO (40) stands in the doorway with a smug look.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: Can’t call ‘em chicks anymore.
text: Goodman stirs his coffee as he looks out to the bull pen full
text: of young officers on the other side of the window in the
text: kitchen. Greco walks over and stands by his side taking in
dialog: the sight.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE GRECO
dialog: Buddy of mine in vice said her old
dialog: man died of cancer. Real brutal.
dialog: Said her kid was alone with him
dialog: when he kicked.
text: Greco shakes his head with a morbid grin.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE GRECO (CONT’D)
dialog: Rough shit, huh?
text: Goodman stares out at the room full of young fresh faces.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: Which one is she?
text: Greco shrugs.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE GRECO
dialog: Hell, I don’t know.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE PRECINCT (BULL PEN) - DAY 28
text: Goodman walks into the bull pen. He stands and looks around
text: at the officers bustling around the room crowded with desks.
text: It's loud, but Goodman shouts over the noise.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: Muldoon!
text: He looks around, expecting someone to respond. He tries
text: again, louder this time.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Which one of you is Muldoon?
dialog: 29
dialog: 24.
text: Muldoon pops up at the sound of her name. She stands, looking
text: around for who called her. She looks frazzled. Overwhelmed
text: and out of her element.
scene_heading: INT. GOODMAN'S CAR ~ DAY 29
text: They drive down small suburban streets, stopping every so
text: often for a stop sign or pedestrian. Goodman drives, stoic
text: and silent. The lack of interaction makes Muldoon nervous.
text: Finally, Goodman breaks the awkward silence.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: You smoke?
text: Muldoon shakes her head.
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: Mind if I smoke?
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: No.
text: Goodman takes a cigarette from the pack in his pocket, puts
text: it between his lips and lights it. They drive on in silence.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: How you likin’ it round here?
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: Uh, good. We're still getting
dialog: settled. It’s definitely different.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: That it is. Job‘1l be a piece of
dialog: cake after your last beat, though.
dialog: We rarely get shit out here like
dialog: you got in the city.
text: They turn off the street onto a small dirt service road. The
text: drive through a path cut through the trees in the woods.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN (CONT’D)
dialog: Welcome to the middle of nowhere.
text: About a mile into the woods, Goodman nods to the mess of
text: emergency vehicles in a clearing up ahead.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: We‘re here.
dialog: 30
dialog: 25.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODED STREET - DAY 30
text: The scene is already buzzing with cop cars and ambulances.
text: Goodman and Muldoon head into the chaos. Uniformed officers
text: escort the detectives under the tape line surrounding the
dialog: scene.
text: At the center of the hubbub is a car. It looks untouched. As
text: though it just stopped in the middle of the road. As they
text: approach, they realize what‘s caused such a stir.
text: Inside the car, is a woman in her sixties, her seat belt
text: still buckled. But her decaying body is bloated, broken at
text: every joint, and twisted into a macabre human knot. Her eyes
text: wide open in fear.
text: Goodman is stoic at the sight while Muldoon tries to hide her
dialog: horror.
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: How does this even happen?
text: A uniformed officer standing next to the car chimes in.
speaker_heading: OFFICER MICHAELS
dialog: Car’s been here for months. Doors
dialog: were locked when we found it. Had
text: to cut it open with the jaws.
text: Expressionless, Muldoon can’t take her eyes off the twists in
text: the woman‘s body.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: Gruesome, huh?
speaker_heading: OFFICER MICHAELS
dialog: I'll say.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: Got an ID on her yet?
speaker_heading: OFFICER MICHAELS
dialog: Sure do.
text: The officer looks down at his notes.
speaker_heading: OFFICER MICHAELS (CONT'D)
text: Lorna Moody. Sixty-five.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: Why'd it take so long to find her?
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: OFFICER MICHAELS
dialog: This here’s a service road, only
dialog: just started using it for the
dialog: season.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: No one came looking for her?
speaker_heading: OFFICER MICHAELS
dialog: That's the thing. Feds were already
dialog: lookin’ for her. Turns out she’s
dialog: one of those assisted suicide
dialog: broads.
text: Muldoon is still staring at the body, deeply disturbed.
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: M.E. have anything to say?
text: The officer shoots Goodman a look with a grim smile.
speaker_heading: OFFICER MICHAELS
dialog: This'll be the best damn Coroner's
dialog: report I read all year.
text: Goodman smiles.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: Find anything on her?
speaker_heading: OFFICER MICHAELS
dialog: Usual stuff. Got an address though.
dialog: Had directions in the glove box. 44
text: Reyburn Drive. Right down the road
dialog: here.
text: Goodman's stomach drops.
speaker_heading: OFFICER MICHAELS (CONT’D)
dialog: Place from the Landers case. Weird,
dialog: right?
text: The words send a chill up Goodman’s spine. Muldoon can tell
text: she’s missing something.
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: Why is that weird?
text: Michaels shoots Goodman a look. Goodman changes the subject.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: Anything else?
text: Muldoon watches the exchange. She's suspicious.
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: OFFICER MICHAELS
text: Got prints all over the body too.
dialog: Runnin’ em now. But the Feds’1ll be
dialog: here soon.
text: Goodman stares at the woman in the car.
speaker_heading: OFFICER MICHAELS (CONT’D)
dialog: Somethin’ else, huh? You ever seen
dialog: anything like this before?
text: Entranced by the look in her eyes.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: We'll see.
scene_heading: 31 EXT. WOODED STREET - DAY 31
text: Goodman and Muldoon head back to the car.
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: What was that back there?
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: What's up with the house on
dialog: Reyburn?
text: They get to the car and get in.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: Worked a case there. Sorta stuck
dialog: with me. Just strange to see it pop
text: up again.
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: What was the case? Could this be
dialog: connected?
text: Goodman shakes his head as he starts the car.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: It was open and shut. This is just
dialog: a weird coincidence.
text: They drive off. Muldoon can tell that Goodman is hiding
dialog: something.
dialog: 32
dialog: 33
dialog: 28.
scene_heading: INT. THE MULDOON HOUSE (KITCHEN) - NIGHT 32
text: The house is small and run down, bought in a foreclosure.
text: Unpacked moving boxes still litter the floor. Muldoon sits at
text: the kitchen table. Laid out in front of her are all the crime
text: scene photos from the body on the highway. She’s glued to the
text: images, sifting through the photos and papers for clues. Her
text: dog FRANK lays on the floor, asleep at her feet.
text: She searches through the web of papers on the table, deep in
dialog: thought. The images are truly terrifying. All different
text: angles of that poor twisted woman. And those open, dead eyes.
text: She tries to shake the images from her mind.
text: She picks up a photo of the piece of paper they found in the
text: glove compartment. Scrawled across the small scrap of paper
dialog: are the words: “44 Reyburn Drive".
speaker_heading: BURKE (0.S.)
dialog: What are you looking at?
text: She turns, her son standing there in the doorway.
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: Hey bud-- hang on second, I don't
dialog: want you to see this stuff.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: What is it?
text: She looks to the gruesome photos on the table,
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: Stuff for work.
text: She looks back to her son and smiles.
speaker_heading: MULDOON (CONT'D)
dialog: Ready for bed?
text: The little boy nods.
scene_heading: INT, THE MULDOON HOUSE (BURKE’S BEDROOM) — NIGHT 33
text: Muldoon sits in a chair beside her son’s bed until he falis
text: asleep. She checks on the boy. He’s fast asleep.
text: Quietly, she creeps out of the room.
dialog: 34
dialog: 35
dialog: 36
dialog: 29.
scene_heading: EXT. THE MULDOON HOUSE (BACKYARD) - NIGHT 34
text: Muldoon opens the sliding door in the kitchen, letting the
text: dog out into the backyard. The dog runs into the tall grass
text: and starts to sniff. Muldoon steps into the quiet night air
text: while she waits.
scene_heading: INT. THE MULDOON HOUSE (MASTER BEDROOM) - NIGHT 35
text: It’s the middle of the night. Muldoon is awake in bed with
text: her laptop in her lap. The room is dark except for the glow
text: from the computer.
text: On the screen, she searches the address they’d found at the
text: crime scene.
dialog: 44 Reyburn Drive.
text: She scrolls through the results. A number of news sources
text: reporting the same story. She clicks on the first link.
text: "Murder on Reyburn Drive.” She scrolls through the article.
text: “Bodies of mother and daughter found...child's body found
dialog: with signs of suspected child abuse.”
text: She scrolls down to a picture of the happy family.
dialog: “Bveryone who knew the family said Sam Landers was nothing
dialog: but normal. He seemed like a perfect husband and father.”
scene_heading: INT. POLICE PRECINCT (BULL PEN) - DAY 36
text: Goodman sits at his desk. He looks up at the clock. Greco
text: walks past.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: Muldoon in yet?
speaker_heading: GRECO
dialog: Haven't seen her.
text: Just then, Muldoon bursts in through the front doors. Burke
text: by her side. A panicked look on her face. It looks like she’s
dialog: had hell of a morning.
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: I’m so sorry! Sitter cancelled on
dialog: me and I couldn't find another one.
dialog: I didn’t know what else to do with
dialog: him.
dialog: 37
dialog: 38
dialog: 30.
text: She hurries over to her desk with Burke and pulls up a chair
text: beside it.
speaker_heading: MULDOON (CONT'D)
dialog: Here. Sit here. And just... let me
dialog: get settled. Okay?
text: She‘s clearly flustered. Goodman shoots the young boy a look.
text: Goodman rolls his eyes and smiles. Burke smiles back,
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: Relax. Me and the kid’ll find
dialog: something to do.
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: Thank you.
text: Muldoon puts down her belongings and goes and gets herself a
dialog: much needed cup of coffee.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE PRECINCT (CONFERENCE ROOM) - DAY 37
text: Burke sits at the enormous table in the middle of the
text: conference room. Goodman wheels in a television on a cart,
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: You like movies?
text: Burke nods.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Not a lot of options.
text: He looks down at the two DVDs in his hand. Se7en and 48
text: Hours. He laughs. He tosses aside Se7en and puts the 48 Hours
text: disc into the DVD player.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Guess this’ll be fine.
scene_heading: EXT. POLICE PRECINCT (PARKING LOT) - NIGHT 38
text: Goodman walks out of the police station for the day and heads
text: to his car. On his way through the parking lot, he notices
text: Muldoon.
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: Shit. Shit. Shit. God damnit!
text: She's trying to start her car, but the engine won’t start.
text: She sighs and punches the dashboard.
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: MULDOON (CONT’D)
dialog: Come on!
text: Goodman looks at Burke sits patiently in the back seat.
text: Goodman calls out.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: Ey! Language!
text: He gestures to Burke giggling in the back of the car.
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: He's heard it all before.
text: She revs the engine. It doesn’t sound good. Black smoke pours
text: from the exhaust pipe.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: That’s what you get for driving a
dialog: piece of shit.
text: He's trying to be funny.
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: Not helpful.
text: It doesn’t land. Goodman walks over.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: What's the problem?
text: She's pissed.
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: Who the hell knows. It’s what I get
dialog: for driving a piece of shit, right?
dialog: You have cables in your car?
text: He shakes his head.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: Doesn’t sound like the battery.
text: She sighs.
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: Jesus Christ. I’m supposed to be at
dialog: orientation for his school in
dialog: twenty minutes. When did elementary
dialog: schools start doing orientations?!
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: Who’s watching the kid?
dialog: 39
dialog: 40
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: I was gonna take him with me.
text: Goodman turns and starts towards his car. With a feigned
text: reluctance he calls back.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: Come on.
scene_heading: INT. THE MULDOON HOUSE (LIVING ROOM) - NIGHT 39
text: Goodman sits on the couch with Burke watching a movie. Burke
text: has fallen asleep. The front door opens and Muldoon walks in.
text: Noticing that Burke is asleep, she’s quiet as she enters.
text: She whispers.
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: How'd it go?
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: Good. Fell asleep after ten
dialog: minutes. Missed a damn fine movie.
text: She smiles.
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: Thank you so much for this.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: Yeah. Of course.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE PRECINCT (BULL PEN) -— DAY 40
text: It’s early in the morning, and the detectives and other
text: officers have started to file in for the day’s work.
text: Muldoon sits at her desk looking through a case file labeled:
text: “LANDERS”. Greco walks over and looks over Muldoon’s shoulder
text: at the folder in front of her.
speaker_heading: GRECO
dialog: You better put that shit away
dialog: before Goodman sees you.
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: Why?
text: Goodman walks in looking like he hasn't slept a wink.
speaker_heading: GRECO
dialog: Don’t say I didn’t warn you.
dialog: 33.
text: Greco walks back to his desk as Muldoon closes the case file
text: and tucks it beneath a stack of papers on her desk. She’s
text: pretending to type up a report when Goodman comes over.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: How’s the kid?
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: He likes you.
text: Goodman smiles.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: Good.
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: Hey, any word on the prints from
dialog: the other day?
text: Goodman shakes his head.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: Not our case anymore. Feds took
dialog: over last night.
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: Nothin’ I could do. Already went
text: through the fifth floor.
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: What about the house? The one from
dialog: the address in the glove box. Did
dialog: anyone follow up after we found the
dialog: body?
text: Goodman gets very serious all of a sudden.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: Listen, drop it. It’s not our case.
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: But the evidence we collected is
dialog: still...
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: Let it go. Not our case.
text: Detective Greco comes back over as Goodman walks away. Greco
text: looks over to Muldoon and chuckles.
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: GRECO
dialog: Don’t worry, it’s not cuz you’re a
dialog: woman. Guy's weird to everyone.
text: Muldoon stands there confused.
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: What's his story with that house?
speaker_heading: GRECO
dialog: On Reyburn?
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: GRECO
dialog: Good question. He worked a case
dialog: there a few months back. Never set
dialog: foot inside. I've never seen a cop
dialog: do that.
text: Muldoon stands there deep in thought, the gears spinning in
text: her head.
speaker_heading: GRECO (CONT’D)
dialog: Never got the guy who did it
dialog: either. That always stays with you.
text: Was like he fell off the face of
dialog: the earth. And that’s not an easy
dialog: thing to do these days. Especially
dialog: not for guys like this.
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: You think he’s still out there?
text: Greco shrugs.
speaker_heading: GRECO
dialog: I don’t know. The guy can’t be that
dialog: good,
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: That woman we found. She was at
dialog: that house.
text: Greco watches Muldoon.
speaker_heading: GRECO
dialog: You've got that look in your eye.
text: He smirks a smug grin and shakes his head.
speaker_heading: GRECO (CONT’D)
dialog: Let it go.
dialog: al
dialog: 42
dialog: 35.
scene_heading: INT. MULDOON’S CAR ~ DAY 41
text: Windshield wipers beat away the onslaught of rain as Muldoon
text: drives down a suburban street, eyeing each house as she
text: passes. The street is familiar to us, and when she reaches
dialog: her destination, we know why.
scene_heading: EXT. THE MATHESON HOUSE - DAY 42
text: Muldoon parks her car at the end of the driveway and gets out
text: at house number 44. We know it as the Landers’ house.
text: Only small superficial details of the home have changed. A
text: new garden and new shutters, no more “For Sale” sign. But the
text: mid-century modern house is just as haunting as ever. Rotten
text: apples lay in the grass beneath the dead apple tree. The lawn
text: is unmowed, and in spite of the face-lift, the house looks
text: unkempt.
text: Muldoon eyes the house taking it all in and then walks up the
text: driveway. She gets to the front door and knocks. There's no
text: answer. But from inside the house, she can hear the faint
text: sound of a woman crying. She knocks again, calling out.
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: Hello?
text: Still nothing. But she can clearly hear the woman crying
text: inside. She knocks again and calls through the door.
speaker_heading: MULDOON (CONT’D)
dialog: Hello? Police Department.
text: She waits. Nothing, even though she can still hear the woman
text: inside. She knocks one more time.
speaker_heading: MULDOON (CONT'D)
dialog: Is everything alright?
text: Still no response. She reaches for the door knob and turns
text: it. It's unlocked. Cautiously, she pushes the door open and
text: pokes her head into the house.
speaker_heading: MULDOON (CONT'D)
dialog: Mister and Misses Matheson?
text: Nothing but the constant crying from another room.
speaker_heading: MULDOON (CONT'D)
dialog: This is Detective Muldoon, I’m here
dialog: to ask about a woman we found.
text: After a few moments she steps into the house.
dialog: 43
dialog: 36.
scene_heading: INT. THE MATHESON EOUSE - DAY 43
text: Once inside the house, the muffled crying grows louder. But
text: otherwise, the house feels vacant. All sounds of the outside
text: world seem to fade away.
text: At the top of the stairs, Muldoon sees an empty wheelchair.
text: At the foot of the stair, a strange black stain rubbed into
dialog: the carpet runner.
text: The cries are coming from a room down the hall. Tense as she
text: walks down the hallway following the sound. She finds her way
text: to the living room.
text: Inside, is an elderly woman shuffling around the room
text: aimlessly. The old woman from the first scene. As she cries
text: to herself, there’s a dull, vacant look in her eyes. Nothing
text: but confusion behind her stare. Muldoon watches the woman
dialog: wander.
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: Mrs. Matheson?
text: She doesn’t acknowledge Muldoon. She tries again.
speaker_heading: MULDOON (CONT'D)
dialog: Are you Mrs. Matheson?
text: The old woman just keeps crying, so frail, wandering around
text: in helpless little circles. She’s soiled her pants many times
dialog: over, The state of the home is disgusting from neglect.
text: Muldoon takes a step closer to her.
speaker_heading: MULDOON (CONT'D)
dialog: Ma'am, are you alright?
text: Slowly, Faith turns to look at Muldoon.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: Will you feed me?
text: The look on her face, filled with desperation. Her body
text: shakes. Muldoon moves closer to her.
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: Excuse me?
text: A lifeless stare behind the woman’s eyes.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: William always used to feed me.
text: Her hands shuffle in the pockets of her robe.
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: William?
text: Just then, out of the corner of her eye, for only a moment,
text: Muldoon sees someone walking down the dark hallway at the top
text: of the stairs. It could have easily just been a shadow. But a
text: sense of unease rushes over her.
speaker_heading: MULDOON (CONT’D)
dialog: Ma’am, is there anyone else home
dialog: with you right now?
text: Suddenly, the woman's crying subsides. Faith sniffles back
text: the tears and hobbles her way slowly to Muldoon. She pulls
text: her hands from her pockets, and takes hold of Muldoon’s hands
text: in her gentle grasp.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: Will you please help me?
text: Muldoon looks down and there‘’s blood all over her hands.
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: What is this?
text: She turns her wrists revealing the old woman’s hands.
speaker_heading: MULDOON (CONT’D)
dialog: Oh my god!
text: The woman’s hands are a bloody, mangled, mass of gangrenous
text: flesh. Most of her fingers, chopped up gnarled stumps.
text: Muldoon panics,
speaker_heading: MULDOON (CONT’D)
dialog: Jesus Christ.
speaker_heading: FAITE
dialog: Please help me!
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: Okay, okay.
text: She picks the frail old woman up and runs frantically to the
dialog: kitchen.
speaker_heading: MULDOON (CONT’D)
dialog: It's okay, I got you.
text: She holds Faith’s hands under the faucet, running water over
dialog: the wounds.
speaker_heading: MULDOON (CONT’D)
dialog: You're okay, you're okay.
dialog: 38.
text: The old woman screams in pain.
speaker_heading: MULDOON (CONT’D)
dialog: I'm getting help.
text: Muldoon reaches into her pocket for her cell phone, but its
dialog: not there.
speaker_heading: MULDOON (CONT’D)
dialog: Shit.
text: She runs over to the house phone mounted to the wall and
text: picks it up. But the line’s dead,
speaker_heading: MULDOON (CONT‘D)
dialog: I'll be right back, please just
dialog: stay here.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: Please don't leave me.
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: I'll be right back, I promise.
text: Muldoon runs back through the halls of the house. But just
text: before she reaches the front door, she notices someone in the
text: guest bedroom off the main hallway.
text: Out of breath, she stops in the doorway and looks in. There’s
text: an old man sitting in a chair with his back to her, looking
text: out the window.
speaker_heading: MULDOON (CONT'D)
dialog: Mr. Matheson?
text: No response. She walks towards him.
speaker_heading: MULDOON (CONT'D)
dialog: Mr. Matheson? Are you alright?
text: She puts her hand on his shoulder. But the man is dead. A
text: rotten and decaying corpse, propped up in that chair for who
dialog: knows how long.
text: His eyes cloudy. Maggots crawling from the edges of the
text: sockets and the corners of his mouth.
text: She screams and runs out of the house.
dialog: a4
dialog: 45
dialog: 46
dialog: 47
dialog: 39.
scene_heading: EXT. THE MATHESON HOUSE — DAY 44
text: Muldoon runs down the long driveway and out to her car. She
text: gets into the drivers seat and picks up the radio dispatch
dialog: receiver.
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: Car 646. I need an ambulance at 44
dialog: Reyburn.
scene_heading: EXT. THE MATHESON HOUSE - DAY 45
text: An ambulance has arrived and two EMTs are taking the old
text: woman from the house. She’s bound to a stretcher. Another EMT
text: sits with Muldoon making sure that none of the blood on her
text: clothes belongs to her.
text: Muldoon watches as the EMTs put the seemingly catatonic woman
text: into the back of the ambulance. But her eyes are wide and
text: locked on Muldoon. Watching her.
scene_heading: INT. MULDCON'S CAR - NIGHT 46
text: Muldoon drives down a small suburban street, dark from the
text: lack of streetlights. She drives slowly through the dark,
text: trying to illuminate the numbers on the mailboxes with the
text: car’s headlights.
text: The numbers are going up. Numbers 3, 5, 7. Between each house
text: is a streetlight. Each time she passes a light, it
text: illuminates the side mirror of the car. And for a moment,
text: each time, we catch a glimpse of Melinda in the reflection,
text: Sitting in the backseat.
text: Numbers 9, 11, 13. Finally Muldoon gets to number 15. We
text: don't quite recognize the house in the dark. But the lights
text: are on inside. And something seems familiar.
text: She gets out of her car and steps out into the pouring rain.
scene_heading: EXT. GOODMAN'S HOUSE - NIGHT 47
text: Muldoon rings the doorbell. On the front porch, she waits.
text: She can hear the TV on inside. She rings the doorbell again.
text: From inside the house:
speaker_heading: GOODMAN (0.S.)
dialog: I heard you the first time.
dialog: 48
dialog: 40.
text: Muldoon waits and finally Goodman comes to the door.
text: Disgruntled, Goodman opens the door and peers out at Muldoon
text: blankly.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN (CONT’D)
dialog: What‘’xe you doing here?
text: Goodman looks at the blood all over Muldoon's clothes.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN (CONT’D)
dialog: What happened to you?
text: Muldoon looks down, she’d forgotten how bad she looked.
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: It’s not mine.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: Who’s is it?
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: I went to the Matheson house.
text: Goodman's heart drops to the pit of his stomach. He tries to
text: hide the fear coursing through him. But he can’t.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: Ahh, shit.
scene_heading: INT. GOODMAN’S HOUSE (LIVING ROOM) - NIGHT 48
text: Muldoon sits with Goodman in the living room, surrounded by
dialog: the medical equipment.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: It's been months now, but... just
dialog: one of those cases.
text: The room is dark, lit only by the lamp on the side table.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Total mess. Whole family murdered.
text: A game show on the TV in the background.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Neighbors too.
text: Goodman chain smokes as he talks.
speaker_heading: . GOODMAN (CONT’D)
dialog: Never closed it. Wanted to pin it
dialog: on the husband.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: But we never found him. Figured he
dialog: got out of the country. Damn shame
dialog: of a story.
text: Pausing between thoughts for a drag or two. The ash tray on
text: the coffee table is nearly overflowing.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: But something never felt right
dialog: about that house.
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: What do you mean?
text: Goodman constantly looks back to the TV, checking on the
text: status of the game show silently.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: I don’t know. dust didn't feel
dialog: right.
text: Muldoon watches the man, her partner. Goodman is different at
dialog: home, in this environment.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Call me superstitious. But I got my
dialog: reasons.
text: Muldoon can tell Goodman’s hiding something.
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: So what’re you saying? The house is
dialog: haunted?
text: Goodman smiles.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: They'll think you’re crazy if you
dialog: start going around saying places
dialog: are haunted.
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: I don’t buy it.
text: Goodman’s quiet for a moment.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: Can I get you anything?
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: No, I’m good.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: Pie?
dialog: 42,
text: Goodman gestures to the partially opened cardboard box
text: sitting on the coffee table buzzing with flies. One slice
text: eaten, the rest starting to mold.
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: I’m good.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: My mother. She was into all that
dialog: ghosty shit. The older I get, the
dialog: more I start to believe it.
text: Muldoon looks at the vacant and unused medical equipment on
text: the other side of the room.
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: Did she pass away?
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: Two years ago now. Just haven't had
dialog: the heart to get rid of all this.
text: Goodman smiles.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN (CONT’D)
dialog: I still think of this as her house.
text: Muldoon nods in understanding.
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: I know what it feels like,
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: How long for you?
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: Six months. Cancer.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: I’ve seen how that plays out. I
dialog: don’t wish that on anyone.
text: Muldoon loses herself in thought.
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: My dad raised me all by himself. I
dialog: don’t know how he did it. He died
dialog: when I was in college. Same way.
text: Goodman nods.
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: I had a single mother. It’s a shame
dialog: the universe has to go and fuck all
dialog: these good people.
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: Getting pregnant, having a kid,
dialog: without parents... it was hard. And
dialog: now doing this... Nothing prepares
dialog: you for this shit.
text: She looks at Goodman with a deep sensitive stare.
speaker_heading: MULDOON (CONT'D)
dialog: You ever think about having kids?
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: All the time. Just never happened
dialog: for me.
text: He shrugs.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: We all say the same thing. “The
dialog: job” and all that. But who knows.
dialog: It’s how it goes.
text: Muldoon smiles.
speaker_heading: MULCDOON
dialog: I think you’d be a good dad.
dialog: Goodman laughs,
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: Aww hell, don’t get all sappy on me
dialog: Muldoon. I was starting to like
dialog: you.
text: She laughs. And then they're quiet. Goodman quickly gets
text: serious. He looks intensely at Muldoon, a deep solemn look in
text: his eyes.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: I get that you're looking for
dialog: distractions right now, but don’t
dialog: get lost in this shit. The case,
dialog: the house.
text: He turns back to the TV.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: I know what that looks like.
dialog: 49
dialog: 44,
scene_heading: INT. THE MULDOON HOUSE (MASTER BEDROOM) — NIGHT Ag
text: Muldoon sits on her bed pouring through case files. Her dog
text: lays groggily at the foot of the bed, licking Muldoon’s feet
text: as she works. Muldoon kicks her foot to shake off the dog.
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: Frank, stop.
text: The dog jumps off and gets into a comfortable sleeping
text: position on the floor beside the bed.
text: In the folder on Muldoon’s lap is a case labelled: “LANDERS”.
text: Clipped to the top page is a picture of the Landers family.
text: Sam, Fiona and Melinda.
text: Behind it, a photo of the house. The house she was at earlier
text: that day, known to her as the Matheson house, but listed here
text: as the former home of the Landers family.
text: The folder is filled with various pages of official police
text: reports. Hach document sports the names of two reporting
text: officers. Detective Goodman. And Detective Wilson.
text: Muldoon picks up her phone and dials a number.
speaker_heading: MULDOON (CONT’D)
dialog: (into the phone)
dialog: Badge 45632, Muldoon. I'm trying to
dialog: reach Detective Wilson, used to be
dialog: out of the Five One.
text: She waits for the response.
speaker_heading: MULDOON (CONT‘D)
dialog: Thanks.
text: She waits.
speaker_heading: MULDOON (CONT'D)
dialog: Uh, yeah, hold on one second.
text: She looks around and grabs her notebook and pen.
speaker_heading: MULDOON (CONT’D)
dialog: Alright, go ahead.
text: She writes down whatever the operator is saying. When she
text: finishes, she looks down at what she’s written. It’s an
text: address. But something about it is puzzling to her.
speaker_heading: MULDOON (CONT'D)
dialog: Is this the psychiatric hospital?
dialog: 50
dialog: 45.
text: She listens.
speaker_heading: MULDOON (CONT’D)
dialog: Right. Alright, thanks.
text: She hangs up and sits there lost in thought for a moment. She
text: looks back down at the address.
text: She closes the case file and puts it over on the nightstand.
text: She peels back the sheets of her bed and gets in.
text: Her mind racing, far from sleep. She rolls onto her side, her
text: foot dangling off the side of the bed. She feels the dog
text: licking her feet and she kicks her foot as she did before.
speaker_heading: MULDOON (CONT'D)
dialog: Stop it Frank.
text: But the licking doesn't stop. She shakes her leg onto the
dialog: bed.
speaker_heading: MULDOON (CONT'D)
dialog: Stop.
text: Muldoon looks over to the side of the bed. But the dog isn’t
text: there. He’s asleep on the other side of the bed.
text: Suddenly, a cool chill breezes through her. And it feels like
text: there is someone in the room. Waiting, lurking in the
dialog: shadows.
text: She sits up and looks around the dark room. Nothing. But she
dialog: can’t shake that eerie feeling.
text: Just then she hears slow footsteps in the hallway outside the
text: room. Slowly, she gets up and goes to the door.
scene_heading: INT. THE MULDOON HOUSE ~- NIGHT 50
text: She steps into the dark hallway and looks around. Nothing.
text: She goes to Burke’s room and quietly opens the door. But
text: Burke is fast asleep. She looks around the room. Still
dialog: nothing.
text: She continues on through the house. But room after room,
text: there's nothing there. She sighs, chuckles to herself, and
text: heads back to the bedroom.
dialog: 51
dialog: 52
dialog: 53
dialog: 54
dialog: 46.
scene_heading: INT. THE MULDOON HOUSE (MASTER BEDROOM) 51
text: Muldoon gets back into bed and tries to fall asleep. She lays
text: there in the dark room. Rain beating down outside.
text: But then we see her. Underneath the bed, looking up, as if
text: boring a hole through the mattress, is little Melinda
text: Landers. Laying in the shadows.
scene_heading: EXT. FOUR WINDS HOSPITAL - DAY 52
text: Muldoon drives down the long wooded road towards the
text: enormous, stone Gothic institution. The structure lacks the
text: majesty that was perhaps intended for it, and instead sits
dialog: somewhere in this uncomfortable place between medieval
text: nightmare and harsh modernism.
scene_heading: INT, FOUR WINDS HOSPITAL — DAY 53
text: The waiting room is empty except for Muldoon and the man
text: behind the desk. Screams echo through the stone corridors in
dialog: the background.
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: I’m here to see Richard Wilson.
text: The man behind the desk looks up at Muldoon as though he
dialog: couldn’t care less.
speaker_heading: ORDERLY
text: Fourth floor. Already restrained.
text: Muldoon looks back at him, confused.
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: Restrained?
scene_heading: INT. FOUR WINDS HOSPITAL - DAY 54
text: Muldoon walks down the long tiled hallway, both sides flanked
text: with doors to cells with no windows. Cries and wails echo
text: through the chambers. As she walks, the long corridor seems
text: to go on forever. Finally, she reaches Wilson‘’s cell.
text: She stands outside the door and turns back to look down the
text: hallway from where she came. An orderly in white scrubs
text: stands at the end of the corridor on the other side of a
text: glass window.
dialog: 55
dialog: 47.
text: Muldoon waves her hand to the man, and a few moments later,
text: she hears the latch of the cell door in front of her unlock.
text: She opens the door and steps inside.
scene_heading: INT. WILSON’S CELL - DAY 55
text: Its a small padded room with a bed and a toilet. Detective
text: Wilson lays curled up on the bed, facing away. His ankles
text: Chained to a mount in the wall. Dressed in white, his head
text: shaved, the older man looks fragile and frail.
text: Muldoon is cautious as she speaks.
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: Detective Wilson, I’m Detective
dialog: Muldoon. The doctor said he told
dialog: you I was coming.
text: The man on the bed doesn’t turn, but he starts to laugh
text: quietly. A deep belly laugh.
speaker_heading: MULDOON (CONT'D)
dialog: I wanted to ask you about a case
dialog: you worked in January.
text: The man groans.
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: Did you find my tapes?
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: Tapes?
text: The man laughs even louder, still with his back to Muldoon.
speaker_heading: MULDOON (CONT’D)
dialog: Detective?
text: It turns to a grumbling sort of crackle, his body shaking
text: with each bellow.
speaker_heading: MULDOON (CONT’D)
dialog: Detective?
text: Wilson turns his head, twisting his neck around, a terrifying
text: grin across his face. He has a large, messy scar from a wound
text: in the side of his face.
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: It'll never end.
text: Muldoon stares back at the crazed man.
dialog: 56
dialog: 57
dialog: 58
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: That house's grudge...
text: He just laughs. Pieces of his jaw and cheekbone are missing,
text: leaving hollow pits under the grafted skin.
speaker_heading: WILSON (CONT’D)
dialog: If you haven’t started seeing them
dialog: yet, don’t worry... you will.
text: Tears stream down the his face as he smashes his bald head
text: into the padded wall. Over and over and over again,
text: screaming. Trying desperately to harm himself, but unable to
dialog: do so.
text: Muldoon watches in horror.
scene_heading: EXT. FOUR WINDS HOSPITAL (PARKING LOT) - DAY 56
text: The sun is starting to set as Muldoon walks out to her car in
text: the parking lot. She’s shaken. Lost in thought, thinking
dialog: about the encounter she’s just had.
text: As she walks through the empty lot, a sudden chill of fear
text: riffles through her. The wind whistles into a wheeze.
text: Suddenly, she he hears something behind her. A little girl’s
text: footsteps. She turns. But there’s no one there. She looks
text: around. No one.
text: She gets to her car, gets in, and drives away.
scene_heading: INT. WILSON'S CELL - DAY 57
text: But all the while, Detective Wilson lays in his bed, his eyes
text: wide with fear. Melinda and Fiona Landers in the corner,
text: staring back at him.
text: He struggles, screaming, desperately trying to get away. But
text: bound in his chains, he can hardly move, let alone get away.
text: And so they taunt him.
scene_heading: INT. MULDOON’S CAR - NIGHT 58
text: Muldoon drives home from the hospital. Every so often she'll
text: pass a car,
dialog: 59
dialog: 49.
text: But for the most part, she’s the only one on the road. The
text: night is dark and the car's headlights cast harsh shadows on
text: the trees at the side of the road.
text: She‘s deep in thought, rattled from the encounter with the
text: man at the hospital. She stares at the road, the trees
text: passing by hypnotically.
text: And then she sees what looks like a pregnant woman crawling
text: from the treeline at the side of the road. But only for a
text: moment. As she drive's quickly past, she’s gone.
text: Startled, she looks back in the rear-view mirror. Nothing but
text: darkness. She turns back to the road ahead of her and takes a
text: deep breath, regaining her calm.
text: But standing there in the middle of the road is a little
text: girl. Muldoon swerves to avoid the child, coming to a
text: screeching halt at the side of the road.
text: She throws open the car door and gets out, looking for the
text: child she’d nearly hit. But as she looks around, there’s no
text: one in sight.
scene_heading: INT, POLICE PRECINCT (BASEMENT) - NIGHT 59
text: Muldoon sits at a desk in the basement of the precinct
text: surrounded by racks of old case files. She’s alone. The whole
text: place is dark except for the small light at the desk. Empty,
text: the space looks cavernous.
text: Muldoon, wearing headphones, listens to a tape in a cassette
text: player. She’s listening to Detective Wilson’s voice. Before
text: the madness set in.
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: (on the tape)
dialog: +... can't stop thinking about the
dialog: Landers murder. When we found her,
dialog: the girl, she had belt marks all
text: around her body. Sinched sc tight
dialog: there were scars.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: WILSON (CONT'D)
dialog: (on the tape)
dialog: How often did they do this that
dialog: they gave the kid scars?
text: The thought gives him pause.
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: WILSON (CONT'D)
text: But the bruises on her head, hands,
dialog: and chest all seemed self-
dialog: inflicted.
text: He sighs.
speaker_heading: WILSON (CONT’D)
dialog: I can’t imagine what was going on
dialog: in that house. What were they doing
dialog: to her? I'm just trying to find
dialog: some sort of reason for it all.
text: Muldoon stops the tape. She hits fast forward and then play.
speaker_heading: WILSON (CONT’D)
dialog: (on the tape)
dialog: ++-and now ever since I went to
dialog: that house I've been seeing shit.
text: Wilson's voice is more emotional now.
speaker_heading: WILSON (CONT’D)
text: I can't get it out of my head. I
dialog: think I'm going crazy.
text: Wilson goes quiet on the tape.
speaker_heading: WILSON (CONT’D)
dialog: (on the tape)
dialog: What was that?
speaker_heading: WILSON (CONT'D)
dialog: (on the tape)
dialog: Oh god. This is what I mean.
text: A click. A long, quiet static. Muldoon waits. And then a
text: steady, wheezing static. Muldoon stops the tape.
text: Just then, Muldoon hears something behind her. She looks
text: around, Nothing. But it’s suddenly very quiet. And then she
text: hears it again. The faint sound of a little girl’s laugh.
text: The basement is dark and empty. But overhead she can hear the
text: footsteps and muffled voices of the night officers upstairs.
text: Muldoon calls out.
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: Hello?
text: No response. She looks around the dark basement. Something
text: feels strange.
dialog: 60
dialog: 61
dialog: 51.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE PRECINCT (BASEMENT BATHROOM) - NIGHT 60
text: Muldoon walks into the bathroom. She stands at the sink and
text: splashes water on her face. Behind her, the door to the
text: toilet stall is closed.
text: Suddenly, inside the stall someone steps down, as if from the
text: toilet, revealing a woman’s feet beneath the door. Muldoon
text: doesn't notice.
dialog: SLAM!
text: A knock from inside the stall. Muldoon turns. The stall door
text: is closed, but there’s no one standing there. At least not
text: that she can see.
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: Is someone there?
text: She waits.
dialog: SLAM!
text: Again, another knock. Startled, Muldoon rushes out of the
dialog: bathroom.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE PRECINCT (BASEMENT) - NIGHT 61
text: She stumbles back into the main room of the basement. Across
text: the room, in the shadows, she can see someone standing there
text: watching her.
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: Hello?
dialog: No response.
speaker_heading: MULDOON (CONT'D)
dialog: Is someone there?
text: And then they walk away.
text: Muldoon’s heart races. She rushes back to the desk and
text: gathers her belongings.
text: As she shuts off the light, the shape of a woman is standing
text: right behind her. But she doesn’t notice. She hurries through
text: the dark basement to the stairs.
dialog: 62
dialog: 63
dialog: 52.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE PRECINCT (SECURITY ROOM) - NIGHT 62
text: Muldoon goes to the security room of the precinct and knocks
text: on the door. No one answers, so she pushes open the door and
text: looks inside. No one inside.
text: Twelve TV screens display different angles of the precinct.
text: At this time of night, the place is pretty sparse.
text: Muldoon looks down at the control board on the desk and finds
text: her way to the controls for the basement camera. She rewinds
text: the tape and watches.
text: On the screen, she sees herself walk into the bathroom, and
text: then a few moments later, stumble out in fright. She watches
text: as she walks back to the desk across the room and out of view
text: of the camera.
text: And just then, the door opens. As if someone was following
text: her out. A deep seeded terror comes over Muldoon as she
text: pauses the tape on the door, seemingly opening on its own,
scene_heading: INT. THE MULDOON HOUSE (LIVING ROOM) - NIGHT 63
text: Muldoon and her son sit on the couch watching an old movie on
text: TV, but Muldoon’s mind is elsewhere. The young boy watches
text: his mother. After a while, he asks:
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: Are you okay Mom?
text: Muldoon is taken aback by the question.
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: What?
text: The little boy turns his stare back to the TV.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: I don’t want to lose you too.
text: The sentiment breaks Muldoon’s heart. She pulls her son in
dialog: close.
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: I’m not going anywhere. Nothing is
dialog: going to happen to me.
text: cuT TO BLACK.
dialog: 64
dialog: 53.
scene_heading: INT. LANDERS CAR - DAY 64
text: Sam Landers drives down a suburban highway. His wife Fiona in
text: the passenger seat beside him. A palpable tension cuts
text: through the car.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You really want to go through all
dialog: this again?
speaker_heading: FIONA
dialog: We have no choice. She put a pencil
dialog: through that boy’s hand. We're
dialog: lucky the parents aren't suing us!
text: Sam shakes his head.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I just don't believe it.
speaker_heading: FIONA
dialog: There were other kids who saw her
dialog: do it.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Have you ever seen her be violent?
text: She looks at him, surprised by the question.
speaker_heading: SAM (CONT'D)
dialog: She’s just hyper. It’s all that
dialog: shit you let her eat.
text: Fiona takes a deep breath. Trying not to explode.
speaker_heading: FIONA
dialog: They want us to take her to a
dialog: doctor.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: For what?
text: His blood is starting to boil.
speaker_heading: FIONA
dialog: You and I both know there's
dialog: something not right with her.
text: On the brink of rage, he’s adamant.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Enough with this shit! There’s
dialog: nothing wrong with my daughter.
dialog: 65
dialog: 66
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: FIONA
dialog: You have to stop denying it.
text: He's done with the conversation.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: We're here.
scene_heading: EXT. SPENCER REALTY - DAY 65
text: They pull into the parking lot of Spencer Realty. The office
text: is small and tucked away on the side of the road. Sam parks
text: the car and they head into the small one story building.
scene_heading: INT. SPENCER REALTY ~ DAY 66
text: Fiona and Sam walk into the waiting room as Nina Spencer is
text: escorting out Detective Muldoon. In the small waiting area,
text: the Landers take a seat by the window while Nina and Muldoon
text: exchange their goodbyes.
speaker_heading: NINA
dialog: Well if you do decide to make the
dialog: move, give us a call.
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: Thanks so much. It was great
dialog: talking to you.
text: Nina lowers her voice and says with a sympathetic smile:
speaker_heading: NINA
dialog: I hope your husband pulls through.
text: Muldoon puts on a smile.
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: Me too.
text: Muldoon heads out the door into the parking lot.
speaker_heading: NINA
dialog: Have a good one!
text: Nina turns to Fiona and Sam with a smile.
speaker_heading: NINA (CONT'D)
dialog: Mr. and Mrs. Landers? How are you
dialog: guys? Come on back and we can get
dialog: started.
text: CUT TO BLACK.
dialog: 67
dialog: 55.
scene_heading: TITLE CARD: “PETER & NINA”
scene_heading: INT. THE LANDERS HOUSE - NIGHT 67
text: It’s night now at the Landers’ house. Peter Spencer is still
text: waiting with Melinda in the empty home. His phone starts to
dialog: buzz.
text: He looks down at the screen: “NINA”. He picks up the phone.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: NINA
dialog: (over the phone)
dialog: Where are you?
speaker_heading: PETER
text: Still at the house.
text: He sounds annoyed.
speaker_heading: NINA
dialog: (over the phone)
dialog: Nothing from the parents?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Not yet.
speaker_heading: NINA
dialog: (over the phone)
dialog: You sound tired.
text: He rubs his eyes.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: I’m exhausted.
speaker_heading: NINA
dialog: (over the phone)
dialog: What time do you think you'll be
dialog: home?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: No idea.
speaker_heading: NINA
dialog: (over the phone)
dialog: How is she?
text: Peter looks over to Melinda asleep on the couch curled up
text: into a small ball.
dialog: 68
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: PETER
text: She’s sleeping.
text: Nina makes a strange sound on the other end of the line.
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT‘D)
dialog: What's wrong?
scene_heading: INT. THE SPENCER HOME (BEDROOM) ~- NIGHT 68
text: Nina sits back in bed, quietly caressing her pregnant belly.
text: The phone tucked between her shoulder and ear. The TV is on,
text: the flicker lighting up her face in the dark room.
speaker_heading: NINA
text: Nothing. The baby just moved.
text: Peter’s quiet.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (over the phone)
dialog: How are you feeling about
dialog: everything?
text: She doesn’t know how to respond.
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT'D)
dialog: (over the phone)
dialog: I know thig isn't the time, but...
text: He sighs.
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT’D)
dialog: (over the phone)
dialog: I just want to know where we are.
text: She takes a moment to gather the words. After a few moments,
text: she speaks.
speaker_heading: NINA
dialog: I didn’t want to be a mother. I
dialog: didn’t think I did.
text: Tears start to well in her eyes.
speaker_heading: NINA (CONT'D)
dialog: This morning I woke up, ready to
dialog: tell you I didn’t want to do this.
text: She stops.
dialog: 69
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: NINA (CONT'D)
dialog: But the thought of ending it.
dialog: Really doing it. I can’t stand the
dialog: thought of it. I already love this
dialog: baby. So much more than I thought I
dialog: did.
text: She chokes up as she says the words.
speaker_heading: NINA (CONT’D)
dialog: And I‘11 love this baby no matter
dialog: what.
text: There’s a long silence on the other end of the line. She
text: waits for a response in anxious anticipation.
scene_heading: INT. THE LANDERS HOUSE (LIVING ROOM) - NIGHT 69
text: Peter sits there stunned, the phone pressed tightly to his
text: ear. He’s quiet. It hasn’t quite hit him yet.
speaker_heading: NINA
dialog: (over the phone)
dialog: Peter? Are you still there?
text: He smiles.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Yeah, I’m still here. I’m really
dialog: happy tha-~
text: Suddenly, the doorbell rings. Peter’s eyes dart to the front
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: NINA
dialog: (over the phone)
dialog: Was that the bell?
text: He looks back to Melinda on the couch, but she doesn’t so
dialog: much as stir.
speaker_heading: PETER
text: Maybe they’re finally home.
speaker_heading: NINA
dialog: (over the phone)
text: Ringing the bell at their own
dialog: house?
text: Peter’s eyeing the door when the doorbell rings again.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Lemme get it. I’11 call you later.
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: NINA
dialog: (over the phone)
dialog: Okay. Peter, I love you.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: I love you too,
text: He hangs up the phone.
text: He walks to the door and peers through the peep hole. Someone
text: is standing on the other side of the door, But whoever it is,
text: they’re standing too close to the door to see.
text: He tries to discern who he’s looking at but he can’t tell. So
text: he opens the door. But there’s no one there.
text: Confused, Peter stares at the empty doorstep. He takes a step
text: outside and looks around. No sign of anyone.
text: Plagued by exhaustion he brushes it off and he steps back
text: inside. The house is now even darker since night has fallen.
text: Peter hears a strange wheezing hiss coming from somewhere in
text: the house. A wet, crackling wheeze. Unnerved, he looks
dialog: around.
text: He returns to the living room to find that the girl is now
text: gone. Confused, he looks around the house. The bathroom, the
text: guest room, the kitchen. He checks every room on the first
text: floor. But can’t find the little girl anywhere.
text: He heads back to the entryway and looks up the steep stairs
text: near the front door. At his feet, he sees stains in the
text: carpet runner that look like black ink spilled down the
text: staircase. It's sticky under his feet.
text: As he heads up the stairs, he can clearly hear a child's
text: voice coming from the second floor. And more faintly, he
text: hears an adult woman’s voice,
text: Fear like he’s never experienced before runs though his body.
text: Holding his breath, he sneaks up the stairs, step by step. At
text: the top of the stairs, his heart is racing. Beating out of
text: his chest.
text: And then he hears that odd mechanical laugh. The doll’s laugh
text: he'd heard in his own home the night before. Coming from the
text: door at the end of the hallway. His heart skips a beat.
text: Hesitant, he makes his way down the hallway towards the
text: sound. As he gets closer, he can almost make out what the
text: child inside the room is saying.
text: But the woman's voice is soft, almost a whisper.
dialog: 70
dialog: 71
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT'D)
dialog: Hello?
text: Slowly he steps closer and closer. The two voices inside the
text: room getting louder. He gets to the door but waits. And then
text: slowly, he pushes it open.
scene_heading: INT. THE LANDERS HOUSE (MELINDA‘S BEDROOM) - NIGHT 70
text: But the only person in the room is Melinda.
text: The room is clearly the girl’s bedroom. Crayon drawings done
text: by the girl litter the floor. All of them are the same.
text: A bloody little girl next to a bloody woman with a baby in
text: her belly, chopped up into pieces. A heavy black smudge
text: scratched into every one, hovering above the bloody bodies.
text: Melinda sits on the floor, rocking back and forth, scratching
text: a black smudge into a new drawing. She pays no attention to
text: Peter, out of breath, standing in the doorway.
text: He looks around, baffled.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Were you just talking to someone?
text: Melinda is engrossed in her picture and doesn’t look up to
text: acknowledge him. He steps into the room and looks at the
text: pictures scattered on the floor. They’re surreal. And
dialog: incredibly creepy.
text: Suddenly, Melinda looks up to the ceiling. Peter looks up. A
text: large dark spot of dripping, fetid, black mold is growing
text: from the wet, rotting drywall in the ceiling. He looks back
text: to Melinda, staring at the stain above them.
text: Right then, he hears the whir of a circular saw buzzing from
text: another room.
text: He turns, startled by the sound.
scene_heading: INT, THE LANDERS HOUSE (UPSTAIRS HALLWAY) - NIGHT 71
text: He steps backwards out of the little girl's bedroom. In the
text: hallway, he looks towards the sound.
text: At the other end of the hallway, is the bathroom. Through the
text: crack in the door, he sees a man, obscured by the door frame,
text: on his knees, bent over something in the bathtub.
dialog: 72
dialog: 60.
text: The man pants like an animal, the saw buzzing in his hands.
text: Sawing something wet.
text: Peter staggers back, frightened by the sight. But as he does,
text: a woman sobs, right behind him. The breath of her cry a cold
text: breeze on the back of his neck.
text: He gasps as he turns from the shock. But there’s no one
text: behind him,
text: He quickly turns back to the bathroom at the other end of the
text: hallway. But the man with the saw is gone and the room is now
text: dark. He looks at the open door, and the dark room it leads
dialog: to.
text: Then slowly, against his better judgement, he steps forward
text: towards the room.
scene_heading: INT. THE LANDERS HOUSE (BATHROOM) - NIGHT 72
text: Peter steps into the upstairs bathroom. The same black stains
text: he‘d seen downstairs are scattered about the floor and the
text: ceiling is a rotten mess of black mold. Peter flips the light
text: switch on the wall, but the lights don’t come on.
text: He looks down into the bathtub and sees the mess of scratches
text: and grooves left by a circular saw. The porcelain mangled
text: with jagged scars.
text: Then, that sound again, that horrible wheezing hiss. The
text: sound crawls up his spine, chilling him to the core.
text: His heart starts to race. His mouth dry, his legs weak, he
text: can’t catch his breath. But the wheeze slowly becomes the
text: sound of swarming flies.
text: He turns towards the sound. Flies are swarming from the
text: closet in the wall behind him. He creeps closer to the closet
text: doors, left open only ever so slightly.
text: The sound of the flies swarming growing louder and louder. He
text: opens the door and more flies swarm out of the closet, flying
dialog: to freedom.
text: Inside the closet, is a small door in the ceiling leading to
text: a crawl space overhead. At the edges of the door in the
text: ceiling, a whole nest of flies has made home in the crevices.
text: Swarming and crawling all over it.
text: Peter swats his way to the door above him and pushes it open.
text: It flings open with a thud. More flies flood from the shadows
text: of the crawl space. He steps into the closet and peers his
text: head up into the darkness.
dialog: 73
dialog: 61.
scene_heading: INT. THE LANDERS HOUSE (CRAWL SPACE) —- NIGHT 73
text: Peter looks around in the small crawl space. It’s so dark
text: that he can’t be sure, but it looks like there is something
text: laying a few feet in front of him. A large heap of something.
text: Swarming with flies.
text: As his eyes adjust, he thinks he can make it out. Something
text: wrapped in plastic. He reaches into his pocket and takes out
text: his phone.
text: He flips it open, using the dimly illuminated screen as a
dialog: flashlight.
text: And then he sees her.
text: Chopped up. Mangled. Parceled into four translucent garbage
dialog: bags.
text: Fiona Landers’ decaying, pregnant, maggot ridden corpse.
text: Her lifeless eyes, forever open.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Oh my god.
text: CUT TO BLACK.
dialog: 74
dialog: 62.
scene_heading: INT. THE LANDERS HOUSE (MELINDA’S BEDROOM) - NIGHT 74
text: Melinda sits in her bed rocking back and forth. Her eyes
text: wide. The bedroom door is closed. But she can hear her
text: parents fighting in the other room.
speaker_heading: FIONA (0.S.)
dialog: She needs help, Sam! There's
dialog: clearly something wrong with her!
speaker_heading: SAM (0.8.)
dialog: You keep saying this! But there's
dialog: nothing wrong with her!
speaker_heading: FIONA (0.S.)
dialog: Nothing wrong? Nothing wrong?!
dialog: You're not the one up with her when
text: she wakes up six times a night.
text: She's screaming at him at the top of her lungs.
speaker_heading: FIONA (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: You're not the one in the office at
text: school talking to her teachers,
dialog: having to look them in the eye and
dialog: listen to all the shit she’s done
dialog: and then apologize for it!
text: It's blood curdling. Choking back the sobs as she screams,
text: shrieking. She can’t control herself.
speaker_heading: FIONA (0.S.} (CONT'D)
dialog: You're not the one who lays on top
text: her when she starts hitting herself
dialog: and can't stop! You're not there
dialog: Sam! You're not fucking there!
text: And then it’s quiet. And calmly he asks:
speaker_heading: SAM (0.S.)
dialog: Have you ever thought that maybe
dialog: it's you?
text: The silence that follows is deafening. And then she explodes:
speaker_heading: FIONA (0.S.)
dialog: Me, Sam? ME?!
text: Melinda just sits there listening to it all.
speaker_heading: FIONA (CONT'D)
dialog: How dare you.
text: CUT TO BLACK.
dialog: 75
dialog: 76
dialog: 63.
scene_heading: TITLE CARD: “THE MATHESONS”
scene_heading: INT. THE MATHESON HOUSE (BEDROOM) — NIGHT 75
dialog: We know it as the Landers’ house That mid-century modern
text: ranch at the end of the cul-de-sac. But it’s now home to a
text: new family, THE MATHESONS.
text: Faith Matheson thrashes desperately on the floor. Her eyes
text: rolled back in her head. Her frail limbs flailing helplessly.
text: Her husband WILLIAM MATHESON (72), sits on the floor, holding
text: her body in his arms. The embrace is warm and loving.
text: He whispers.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Shh. It's okay. It's okay.
text: Tears stream down his face. He rocks back and forth with his
text: wife's seizing body. Like a parent trying to sooth a child.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM (CONT’D)
dialog: It'll be over soon.
text: An empty bottle of pills sits on the table beside the bed. He
text: struggles to speak, choking on his words.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM (CONT'D)
dialog: I love you.
text: The old woman’s thrashing slows to sporadic twitches. He hugs
text: her tight, brushing the hair from her face lovingly.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM (CONT'D)
dialog: I’1l be with you soon.
text: But the gurgle of her tongue down her throat is haunting.
scene_heading: EXT. AIRPORT - DAY 76
text: Airplanes land and take off in the background. A cute older
text: woman in her sixties walks out of the rental car office into
text: the parking lot, wheeling a small suitcase behind her.
speaker_heading: LORNA (V.0.)
dialog: I'm known as an Exit Guide.
text: She’s dressed neatly, and looks older than she is in a very
dialog: grandmotherly sort of way.
dialog: 77
dialog: 78
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: LORNA (V.0.)
dialog: I sit with people who've made the
dialog: decision to end their life on their
dialog: own terms.
text: This is LORNA MOODY.
scene_heading: EXT. THE MATHESON HOUSE - DAY 77
text: Lorna pulls up in front of the Matheson house. She parks her
text: rental car on the street at the end of the driveway and gets
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: LORNA (V.0.)
dialog: I want to start by answering any
dialog: questions you may have for me.
text: She walks up the long driveway towards the house and knocks
text: on the front door.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM (V.0.)
dialog: How long will it take her to die?
scene_heading: INT. THE MATHESON HOUSE, (LIVING ROOM) ~ DAY 78
text: William, on the couch, stares intensely at Lorna, sitting in
text: the armchair across from him. His eyes wide and tired.
speaker_heading: LORNA
dialog: Our preferred method is a gas that
dialog: requires the use of a hood. It’s a
dialog: one hundred percent effective. And
dialog: its peaceful.
text: The tone of her voice is soothing and slow. But he stares
text: back at her.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: How long will it take her to die?
text: Her word choice is deliberate.
speaker_heading: LORNA
text: Once she pulls the hood down over
text: her head, she'll be unconscious in
dialog: five to ten seconds. That‘s all
dialog: she’1l know.
text: His stare bores a hole through her. She can tell he’s
text: exhausted.
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: But how long will it take her to
dialog: die?
text: She cuts to the chase.
speaker_heading: LORNA
dialog: She’1l be dead within twenty
dialog: minutes.
text: He lets it sink in, nodding his head. For a moment, his tone
text: shifts oddly.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Can I get you something? Tea?
dialog: Coffee?
text: He's nervous.
speaker_heading: LORNA
dialog: I’m fine.
text: It’s quiet. William lost in thought.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: How many times have you done this?
speaker_heading: LORNA
dialog: I’ve been a compassionate presence
text: at the bedside of forty-four
dialog: people.
text: She can tell he’s distraught.
speaker_heading: LORNA (CONT’D)
dialog: This can be a wonderful thing. I
dialog: believe that no one should ever
dialog: have to die alone. We don’t come
dialog: into this world alone, and we
dialog: shouldn't have to leave it alone.
text: But the sentiment doesn’t seem to make him feel any better.
speaker_heading: LORNA (CONT’D)
dialog: Mr. Matheson, I do need to warn
dialog: you. In order for anybody to be
dialog: able to do this, that is, anyone
dialog: involved with our organization,
dialog: they must be mentally competent and
dialog: physically able to carry this out
dialog: themselves. Do you understand?
text: He nods.
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: LORNA (CONT’D)
dialog: Can you tell me about your wife?
text: He’s quiet for a moment, avoiding eye contact. She gives him
text: time. Eventually, he speaks.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: We found out she was sick last
dialog: year. She was pretty far gone
dialog: before we realized. We moved here
dialog: to be closer to her doctors. But
dialog: after the move she started getting
dialog: worse. She lost all feeling waist
dialog: down. Can’t stand, can’t walk,
dialog: nothing.
speaker_heading: LORNA
dialog: I’m so sorry. I can’t imagine how
dialog: hard it’s been on the both of you.
text: Her compassion is deep and genuine.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Before we knew about your
dialog: organization, she tried to end her
dialog: life.
speaker_heading: LORNA
dialog: Do you mind if I ask how?
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: She used to be a nurse...
speaker_heading: LORNA
dialog: Medication?
text: He nods.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: But she’s tried three times. The
dialog: first time, she was out for a
dialog: while. And I promised her I
dialog: wouldn’t call an ambulance or
dialog: anything. I told her I would just
dialog: be there for her until she woke up.
text: Lorna listens closely as the older man speaks, watching him
text: with a sympathetic gaze.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM (CONT'D)
dialog: We regrouped, and when she felt
dialog: stronger, she tried again, upping
dialog: the dosage. And she was out longer.
text: But she still woke up.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM (CONT'D)
dialog: And I just sat with her. Through
text: all of it. Alone.
text: He starts to tear up.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM (CONT'D)
dialog: She tried one more time. And she
dialog: was out for four days. And I just
text: sat there with her. Waiting for her
dialog: to die.
text: Tears roll down his cheeks.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM (CONT’D)
dialog: I was terrified.
text: He hides his eyes as he wipes the moisture from beneath his
dialog: glasses.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM (CONT‘D)
dialog: I went up there one time, and I
dialog: almost thought I would have to put
dialog: a pillow over her face. Can you
dialog: believe that?
text: He hangs his head.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM (CONT’D)
text: She woke up again. After four days.
text: He breathes a heavy sigh of defeat.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM (CONT'D)
dialog: I can't do it anymore.
text: Lorna can see the toll that this has taken on the man. She
text: smiles.
speaker_heading: LORNA
dialog: Well, I’m glad that you called.
dialog: Hopefully I can help.
text: He stares deep into her eyes.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Me too.
text: The man’s stare is piercing.
speaker_heading: LORNA
dialog: Let’s go see your wife.
dialog: 79
dialog: 68.
scene_heading: INT. THE MATHESON HOUSE (BEDROOM) - DAY 79
text: William stands in the doorway watching Lorna with his wife.
text: Faith is in a wheelchair in the corner of the room. A glazed,
text: far off look in her eyes.
text: Lorna sits at the foot of the bed talking to her.
speaker_heading: LORNA
dialog: Mrs. Matheson, my name is Lorna
dialog: Moody. Do you know why I’m here?
text: Faith forces an odd smile but doesn’t respond. Lorna looks to
text: William in the door, concerned.
speaker_heading: LORNA (CONT’D)
dialog: Mrs. Matheson. Your husband told me
dialog: about your condition, and I’m here
dialog: to see if I can help.
text: Still no response from the old woman, Faith moves her limp
text: hands to cover her face.
speaker_heading: LORNA (CONT'D)
dialog: Mrs. Matheson? Are you alright?
text: The woman opens her hands like doors.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: Peek-a-boo!
text: Lorna watches as the old woman laughs to herself. It’s
text: unsettling. But she can tell that although Faith is facing
text: her, the woman’s focus seems to be on something behind her.
text: Lorna turns to look. No one there. And then back to the woman
text: in the wheelchair.
speaker_heading: LORNA
dialog: Who are you playing with?
text: Faith’s eyes slowly move to meet Lorna’s.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: My friend.
text: Again, she shoots a look to William.
speaker_heading: LORNA
dialog: What's your friend’s name?
text: Faith is quiet. The smile on her face fades. And after a few
text: moments she answers.
dialog: 80
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: Melinda.
text: Lorna looks at the contorted expression scrawled across the
text: woman's face.
speaker_heading: LORNA.
dialog: Is Melinda here with us now?
text: Nothing. Then slowly, Faith nods.
scene_heading: INT. THE MATHESON HOUSE (HALLWAY) — DAY 80
text: Lorna walks out of the bedroom into the hall where William
text: waits for her. She closes the door behind her as she emerges,
text: a saddened look on her face.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Please, I understand that...
speaker_heading: LORNA
dialog: Mr. Matheson, I was clear on the
dialog: requirements. And I am truly,
dialog: deeply sorry, but your wife is no
dialog: longer mentally competent.
text: There’s a painful desperation in his voice, twinged with
text: anger, but he keeps quiet with his wife just behind the door.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: What am I supposed to do?
speaker_heading: LORNA
dialog: I can recommend some doctors for
dialog: you to speak with.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: I don’t want to talk to any more
dialog: doctors! Please, you can’t just
dialog: leave.
text: She's at a loss for words.
speaker_heading: LORNA
dialog: I'm deeply sorry for everything you
dialog: and your wife have been through.
dialog: But you misrepresented your wife’s
dialog: state. She’s just too far gone.
text: William stares off, he’s destroyed. She sees what pain she’s
dialog: caused.
dialog: 81
dialog: 82
dialog: 83
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: LORNA (CONT‘D)
dialog: I can stay for a few days. To help
dialog: you look over your options. I may
dialog: not be able to help the way you
dialog: wanted. But I can be here to
dialog: support you no matter what. Would
dialog: that be okay?
text: There's a look of sad desperation on his face.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE PRECINCT - DAY 81
text: Detective Goodman bursts through the doors of the precinct.
text: Exhausted and soaking wet from the rain, he hustles into the
text: bull pen. He looks around and spots Detective Greco across
dialog: the room.
text: He calls out to him.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: Where is he?
text: Greco rolls his eyes.
speaker_heading: GRECO
dialog: Where do you think?
scene_heading: INT. POLICE PRECINCT (BASEMENT) - DAY 82
text: Goodman walks down the stairs into the dark basement. At a
text: desk in the corner of the cavernous space is Detective
dialog: Wilson.
text: Wilson is sitting in the dark, huddled over a tape recorder,
text: headphones over his ears, muttering quietly into a
dialog: microphone,
scene_heading: INT. DINER - DAY 83
text: The sun is starting to set. A distant police siren blares in
text: the distance. Goodman and Wilson sit across from each other
text: at the table. Wilson’s hardly touched the food in front of
text: him, but his cup of coffee is nearly empty.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: You look like shit.
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: It's the case.
text: Wilson’s hands are shaky.
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: We closed the case months ago.
text: Wilson shakes his head.
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: Don't give me that shit.
text: He locks eyes with Goodman. An intense and unsettling stare.
speaker_heading: WILSON (CONT’/D)
dialog: You know exactly why I'm doing
dialog: this.
text: Goodman looks away.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: I get it. I do. And I wish I knew
dialog: how to help you.
text: Goodman's voice is genuinely sympathetic.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: But you can’t show up to work like
dialog: this. Take some time off. Spend
dialog: time with your girls. You gotta get
dialog: your mind off this shit.
text: He’s a quiet for a moment.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Then maybe it’11 stop.
text: Wilson’s downcast eyes start to glaze over as the tears well.
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: It'll never stop.
text: He looks up, staring once again, deep into Goodman’s eyes.
speaker_heading: WILSON (CONT’D)
text: There's a woman. Outside.
text: He lowers his voice to a whisper and leans in.
speaker_heading: WILSON (CONT'D)
dialog: Shes the one who’s doing this.
text: Goodman stares back at him. A chill running up his spine.
speaker_heading: WILSON (CONT’D)
text: I can see her face.
dialog: 84
dialog: 72.
text: Goodman is more scared than he lets on. Slowly, he turns his
text: head to look out the window beside them. But there’s no one
text: there. Just a parking lot full of cars. He turns back to
dialog: Wilson.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
text: There's no one there.
text: A tear streams down Wilson’s cheek. He’s quiet.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Lets get out of here.
text: Goodman stands and walks to the cash register by the door.
text: Wilson watches him go. He turns back to the window outside.
text: But we don’t see what he sees.
text: Just the terrified look in his eye.
scene_heading: EXT. DINER PARKING LOT ~ DAY 84
text: Goodman and Wilson walk out of the diner. Goodman heads to
text: the car. But Wilson is hesitant. Looking around as he walks
text: slowly, lagging behind Goodman.
text: Goodman sees the fear in his partner. But there’s no one in
text: the parking lot except for them.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: There’s no one here.
text: Wilson nods. Slowly, he follows to the car. Peering out the
text: side of his eye as he goes. Goodman unlocks the car and they
dialog: get in.
text: Wilson's heart is beating out of his chest. He can hardly
text: catch his breath.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN (CONT’D)
dialog: You good?
text: He nods.
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: Yeah.
text: But he’s not. Slowly, he turns to the window beside him.
text: Fearing what he might see. But there’s no one there.
text: Then he looks up, to the rearview mirror. Still nothing.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: It’s all in your head.
dialog: 85
dialog: 73.
text: He turns to look at Goodman. But standing behind Goodman,
text: outside the car...
text: Is the body of Fiona Landers, broken and twisted. Staring
text: back at him. Wilson screams.
text: Goodman turns to look. But there’s no one there.
text: Wilson kicks and thrashes.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Wilson!
text: Wilson screams. Goodman is panicked and confused.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: What's wrong?
text: But the man just keeps screaming.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN (CONT’D)
dialog: Wilson! Wilson!
scene_heading: INT. THE MATHESON HOUSE (GUEST BEDROOM) - NIGHT 85
text: William comes in from the hall and flicks on the light.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: I made up the guest room for you.
text: We recognize the room. The bedroom once belonged to Melinda
text: Landers. Now it's decorated as a very sparse, utilitarian
text: guest bedroom with a fold out couch. The couch has been
text: pulled out, and the bed is made.
text: William looks around. There isn’t much other furniture or
text: decoration in the room. Embarrassed, he smiles.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM (CONT'D)
dialog: We don‘t get much company.
text: She smiles as she wheels her suitcase into the room.
speaker_heading: LORNA
dialog: It's lovely.
text: A drop of water falls on her shoulder. She looks up. There's
text: an enormous wet spot in the ceiling. Dark, and starting to
dialog: mold.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
text: Leaky roof.
dialog: 74.
text: Looks like more than a leaky roof.
speaker_heading: LORNA
dialog: Mmm.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Like I said. Don’t get much
dialog: company.
text: They stand there awkwardly for a moment.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM (CONT'D)
dialog: Is there anything else I can get
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: LORNA
dialog: Nope. I think I'm all good.
text: William stands in the doorway.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Alright, well, I have to run to the
dialog: store for some dinner. I won't be
dialog: long.
speaker_heading: LORNA
dialog: Oh you don’t have to do that!
text: He smirks.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Don't have much in the kitchen
dialog: either.
speaker_heading: LORNA
dialog: Well let me go. It’s the least I
dialog: can do.
scene_heading: 86 EXT. GROCERY STORE (PARKING LOT) - NIGHT 86
text: The sun has set, and in a town with few street lights, the
text: night is very dark. The lot is nearly pitch black, lit only
text: by the faint glow emanating from the fluorescent light of the
dialog: store.
text: Lorna pulls into the parking lot and parks her rental car.
text: The lot is large and nearly empty.
text: She gets out of her car and walks through the fluorescent
text: glow of the desolate lot to the store.
dialog: 87
dialog: 88
dialog: 75.
scene_heading: INT. GROCERY STORE - NIGHT 87
text: She walks through the aisles pushing a cart, gathering the
text: ingredients to make dinner. The aisles of products are
text: immaculately neat and organized. So much so that it’s almost
dialog: odd.
text: She stares at the selection at the meat counter. The bloody
text: cuts of meat on display. There’s something inappropriately
text: gory about the sight.
text: Suddenly, she feels a hand holding hers. The hand of a little
text: girl. She glances down, but there’s no one standing there. No
dialog: little girl.
text: She looks around. An odd chill ripples through her, but she
text: continues on through the aisles.
text: She stops at the rows and rows of baby food. She looks to the
text: list in her hand and then back to the shelves. For a moment,
text: there’s a little girl standing at the end of the aisle
text: watching her. Lorna can feel the eyes on her.
text: She turns. But again, there’s no one there. Out of breath and
text: uneasy, she looks around. The whole place feels eerily empty.
text: She removes a few jars from the shelf, puts them into her
text: cart and hurries to the cashier.
scene_heading: EXT. GROCERY STORE (PARKING LOT) - NIGHT 88
text: Lorna rushes through the dark parking lot to her car. Still
text: on edge, she walks quickly, her grocery bags tight in her
text: arms, She keeps her eyes straight and heads directly for her
dialog: car.
text: She unlocks the door and gets in, placing the groceries on
text: the seat beside her. Hastily, she tries to start the car. But
dialog: it won't start.
speaker_heading: LORNA
dialog: Come on.
text: She tries again. Still nothing. On the brink of panic she
text: tries one more time. And it works. The engine turns on and
text: rests with a steady hum. She breathes a sigh of relief and
text: smiles.
text: Just then, her phone rings. The sudden noise startles her
text: with a yelp.
dialog: 89
dialog: 76.
text: She pulls the device from her pocket and looks down at the
text: screen: “UNKNOWN” She watches as it rings in her hand. She
text: waits for a moment, and then answers the phone.
speaker_heading: LORNA (CONT'D)
dialog: Hello?
dialog: Quiet.
speaker_heading: LORNA (CONT'D)
dialog: Hello?
text: She waits. Still nothing.
text: She’s about to hang up when she hears an odd sound. A deep,
text: wet, gurgling wheeze. And then quiet again. A long quiet. But
text: she waits. And then the sound of a little girl's laugh. Far
text: off and mechanical.
text: Unsettled, she quickly hangs up the phone. She peers around
text: the parking lot. No one in sight.
text: But just then, she hears someone shuffling in the seat behind
text: her. Her heart drops.
text: Slowly, she looks to the rear-view mirror. Terrified of what
text: she’ll see. Her heart races as her eyes lock on the mirror.
text: But there's no one there. Relieved, she sighs and shakes it
text: off. She presses her foot down on the gas pedal and speeds
text: out of the parking lot.
text: But just as she does, we catch a glimpse of Melinda. Crouched
text: on the floor behind Lorna’s seat. Just out of view.
scene_heading: INT. GOODMAN’S HOUSE (LIVING ROOM) - NIGHT 89
text: Goodman sits on the couch smoking a cigarette. “The Price Is
text: Right" is on TV. He stares at the TV set, a glazed look in
text: his eyes. A half eaten bowl of cereal on the coffee table in
text: front of him.
text: He finishes his cigarette and crushes the butt into the ash
text: tray beside him. Its nearly overflowing. He sits there in
text: front of the TV, but his mind is somewhere else.
text: He gets up off the couch and goes to the kitchen. He picks up
text: the phone. He dials a number and waits. It rings and rings.
text: But it goes to voicemail.
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: {over the phone)
text: Detective Wilson. Leave a message.
dialog: 90
dialog: 91
dialog: 77.
dialog: Beep.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: It’s me. Where are you? Just wanted
dialog: to see how you're doing.
text: He sighs, trying to think of the words to say.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: I hate seeing you like this.
text: For a moment he’s lost in thought. He chuckles dishonestly,
text: trying to lighten his tone with feigned sarcasm.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: So man up and get your shit
dialog: together.
text: He’s quiet. The fake smiles fades fast.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Call me back when you get this.
text: He hangs up. He sits down at the kitchen table and lights a
text: cigarette. He tries to relax. But his mind is plagued by
text: anxious thoughts.
scene_heading: INT. LORNA'S RENTAL CAR - NIGHT 90
text: Lorna drives down the dark suburban streets. The bags of
text: groceries in the back seat behind her. She turns a corner and
text: heads down Reyburn Drive.
text: She stops at the end of the Matheson’s driveway. She parks
text: her car and gets out.
scene_heading: EXT. THE MATHESON HOUSE - NIGHT 91
text: Lorna takes the grocery bags from the back seat, locks the
text: car and heads up the driveway.
text: But as she approaches the house, she sees a man. Standing on
text: the front lawn, staring up at the house. Muttering to
text: himself, his hands twitching.
text: It's Detective Wilson. But to Lorna, he’s a stranger. Keeping
text: her distance, the paper bags tense in her arms, she calls out
dialog: to him.
speaker_heading: LORNA
dialog: Hello?
dialog: 92
dialog: 78.
text: But he doesn’t so much as turn to look at her. He just keeps
text: staring up at the house. His gaze transfixed on one of the
text: upstairs windows.
speaker_heading: LORNA (CONT'D)
dialog: Excuse me?
dialog: No reply.
speaker_heading: LORNA (CONT'D)
dialog: Excuse me, sir?
text: He just keeps muttering. She looks around. There’s not
text: another person or car in sight. But the lights are on inside
dialog: the Matheson house.
text: Cautiously, she walks up the driveway towards the house,
text: maintaining a safe distance from the man on the lawn.
text: She keeps her eyes locked on him the whole time as she walks.
text: Her heart racing, ready to run at any moment.
text: But the man pays her no attention. He’s focused on the house.
scene_heading: INT. THE MATHESON HOUSE - NIGHT 92
text: Lorna walks in and quickly locks the door behind her. She
text: breathes a deep sigh of relief. She puts the grocery bags
text: down on the floor and tries to catch her breath.
speaker_heading: LORNA
dialog: Mr. Matheson?!
text: He calls out from another room.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM (0.8.)
dialog: In here!
text: She rushes down the hallway to the living room where William
text: and Faith are watching TV.
speaker_heading: LORNA
dialog: Mr. Matheson, there’s a strange man
dialog: standing on your front lawn.
text: William sighs. Seeming nothing more than mildly annoyed, he
text: stands and walks over to the windows on the other side of the
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: LORNA (CONT'D)
dialog: I tried to get his attention, but I
dialog: think there’s something wrong with
dialog: him.
dialog: 79.
text: William peels back the curtains and looks out. He sees
text: Detective Wilson standing outside the house staring up at the
text: upstairs window. William shakes his head and goes to the
dialog: phone.
text: Lorna’s confused by William's reaction to what she’s found
dialog: quite odd.
speaker_heading: LORNA (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you know him?
text: William speaks into the phone.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: He’s here again.
text: He listens.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM (CONT'D)
dialog: Yeah. Okay, see you scon.
text: He hangs up the phone.
speaker_heading: LORNA
dialog: Who is he?
text: William sits back down on the couch.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: He's a cop.
text: Lorna walks to the window.
speaker_heading: LORNA
dialog: What’s he doing?
text: She watches Wilson with that wide eyed stare, muttering to
text: himself endlessly.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Who knows. He worked a case here
dialog: before we moved in, Now he won’t
dialog: leave us alone.
text: William wipes drool from Faith's lower lip. Her eyes are
text: glazed, but there’s a smile on her face as the helpless woman
text: watches the television.
speaker_heading: LORNA
dialog: A case?
text: Lorna's tension starting to alleviate, she tries to lighten
dialog: the mood.
dialog: 93
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: LORNA (CONT’D)
dialog: I hope it wasn’t a murder.
text: She laughs playfully.
text: William doesn’t react. Lorna’s smile fades as she eats her
dialog: words.
speaker_heading: LORNA (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh god, it was, wasn’t it.
text: William smiles awkwardly.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Would you want me to tell you if it
dialog: was?
scene_heading: INT. GOODMAN'S CAR ~ NIGHT 93
text: Goodman drives along the dark streets with Wilson sitting in
text: the passenger seat beside him.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: You gotta stop it with this shit.
dialog: Does your wife know where you are?
text: Goodman keeps his eyes on the road, unable to look his
text: partner in the eye. Even if he could, he’d see nothing there.
text: There’s a dazed, empty look on Wilson’s face.
text: Wilson reaches into his pocket and pulls out his gun. He
text: pulls back the safety and holds the weapon below his chin.
text: But Goodman’s eyes are locked on the road and he doesn’t
dialog: notice.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN (CONT’D)
dialog: You're driving yourself crazy.
dialog: I'm sorry I ever said anything.
text: The gun poised and ready to shoot.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Think about your family...
text: Goodman turns to look at his partner. And sees the gun.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Shit!
text: He reaches for Wilson’s arm. Knocking the gun in his grasp.
text: But Wilson pulls the trigger. Blood splatters across
text: Goodman's face,
dialog: 94
dialog: 81.
text: Goodman slams on the breaks, skidding to a stop. Wilson's
text: body flops onto Goodman's lap. Blood oozes from the side of
text: his face. His eyes still open and blinking, locking around in
dialog: confusion.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN (CONT’D)
dialog: No no no no no. What did you do?!
scene_heading: INT. THE MATHESON HOUSE (KITCHEN) - NIGHT 94
text: Lorna stands at the counter chopping vegetables, preparing
text: dinner for William. William sits at the table beside his wife
text: in her wheelchair.
text: Lorna watches as the man spoon feeds his catatonic wife. The
text: moment is difficult to watch. Faith, at the moment, is in a
text: total catatonic state. Her eyes glassy, wide, and far off.
text: William scoops a spoon into the small jar of baby food and
text: holds it to his wife's limp lips.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: That's it.
text: He eases the spoon into her mouth and then manually moves her
text: jaw and rubs her throat to help her swallow.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM (CONT'D)
dialog: Doin' good, babe.
text: Lorna watches how gentle and calm he is with her.
speaker_heading: LORNA
dialog: You're so sweet with her.
text: He doesn't take his eyes off his wife as he continues to feed
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: She‘s been sweet to me my whole
dialog: life. Its the least I can do.
text: She watches how dedicated and unbothered he is as he does
text: this otherwise tediously upsetting task.
speaker_heading: LORNA
dialog: How long have you been married?
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Fifty years next month.
dialog: 95
dialog: 96
dialog: 97
dialog: 82.
text: He says it with a smile. He wipes away the food dribbling
text: down his wife’s chin with his thumb, lovingly, and kisses her
dialog: forehead.
scene_heading: INT. THE MATHESON HOUSE (GUEST BEDROOM) - NIGHT 95
text: It’s the middle of the night. Lorna is fast asleep. She
text: tosses in her sleep. Rain beats down outside.
text: Suddenly, the closet door starts to creep open. Ever so
text: slightly. The room is so dark, you'd never be able to tell if
dialog: something was emerging.
text: Lorna shivers in her sleep. She pulls the covers tight up
text: over her. Slowly, she stirs awake.
text: Groggy, she stands and walks to the thermostat across the
text: room. She looks down at the strange black inky substance
text: rubbed into the carpet.
text: She avoids the stain and continues to the thermostat. She
text: turns up the heat and goes back to bed,
text: Slowly she starts to hear something. The sound of a woman
text: erying coming from down the hall. Lorna sits up.
text: She looks around the darkened room as the sound of the
text: woman’s tears set in. A look of sadness across her face.
text: She rolls over and tries to go back to sleep. But the woman
text: keeps crying. And she just lays there listening to the cries.
text: Eventually, she gets out of bed.
scene_heading: INT. THE MATHESON HOUSE (HALLWAY) - NIGHT 96
text: Lorna steps into the dark hallway. Her eyes slowly adjust to
text: the darkness. In the hallway the crying is louder.
text: Slowly she walks to the bathroom. It’s eerily tense as she
text: walks down the dark hall.
scene_heading: INT. THE MATHESON HOUSE (BATHROOM) - NIGHT 97
text: She flicks on the light switch. But the lights don’t work.
text: She tries again. But still nothing. She sighs, closes the
text: door and locks it behind her.
text: She sits down on the toilet in the dark room. There’s
text: something unsettling about being in the small dark room in
text: the middle of the night. The only light coming from the moon
text: through the window.
dialog: 98
dialog: 83.
text: When she's done, she stands at the sink and washes her hands.
text: She avoids the mirror in the dark. Then she hears something.
text: The sound of someone breathing. Behind her.
text: She looks up, accidentally staring back at her reflection in
text: the mirror. But there’s no one in the room with her.
text: She breathes deeply. Feeling a sudden sense of unease. She
text: turns and peers out the window.
text: The backyard is dark and empty. Blanketed in harsh shadows.
text: The grass is tall and unkempt, blowing in the breeze.
text: Just then, she notices the crying has stopped. She unlocks
text: the door and pushes it open.
text: But the moment she opens the door, a woman screams. Fiona
text: Landers screaming in the middle of the hallway, her back to
dialog: Lorna.
text: Lorna quickly tucks back into the room. Her heart racing in a
text: panic. The screaming stops. But Lorna can hardly catch her
dialog: breath.
text: Slowly, she leans into the doorway and peers into the
text: hallway. The woman is gone. Lorna steps back into the
dialog: hallway.
text: She doesn’t notice, but as she goes, there’s a shadow of a
text: small girl standing on the other side of the shower curtain
text: just behind her.
scene_heading: INT. THE MATHESON HOUSE (HALLWAY) - NIGHT 98
text: She steps back into the dark hallway. From the top of the
text: stairs, she can see William downstairs. He’s in the living
text: room asleep in front of the TV.
text: Then the crying again. From a room behind her. She looxs
text: around for the woman she’d seen only moments ago. But there’s
text: no sign of her anywhere.
text: Lorna turns towards the sound of the cries down the hall. She
text: hesitates for a moment. But starts to walk towards it.
text: Growing louder as she approaches.
text: As she passes the bedroom she'd been sleeping in, we notice
text: the shadow of a little girl curled up on the foot of the bed.
text: Rocking back and forth. But Lorna doesn’t notice.
text: Focused on the growing noise of the uncontrollable sobs
text: behind the door in front of her.
dialog: 99
dialog: 100
dialog: 84,
text: She gets to the door and knocks quietly.
speaker_heading: LORNA
dialog: Mrs. Matheson?
text: As if in response, the crying subsides. She knocks again, her
text: voice shaking.
speaker_heading: LORNA (CONT'D)
dialog: Mrs. Matheson, are you alright?
text: No response. Slowly, she pushes open the door.
scene_heading: INT. THE MATHESON HOUSE (BEDROOM) - NIGHT 99
text: Lorna steps into the dark room. Faith in the bed, her back to
dialog: Lorna.
speaker_heading: LORNA
dialog: Are you alright, Mrs. Matheson?
text: No response. She steps closer.
speaker_heading: LORNA (CONT'D)
dialog: Mrs. Matheson?
text: The woman in the bed turns over. But it’s not Faith Matheson.
text: Fiona Landers lays there hysterically crying.
text: Lorna screams and stumbles back. Just as William bursts into
text: the room and turns on the lights.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: What's wrong?
text: There’s a panic in his voice as he looks around the room.
text: Lorna is shaken with fright. Panting, out of breath.
text: William looks to her.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM (CONT‘D)
dialog: What happened?
text: Lorna turns to the bed. Under the sheets, tucked in neatly
text: and untouched, is Faith Matheson. Her eyes open in a comatose
dialog: stare.
scene_heading: INT. THE MATHESON HOUSE (KITCHEN) - NIGHT 100
text: Lorna sits at the kitchen table sweating bullets. Eyes wide,
text: she sips a cup of coffee. Her hands are shaking. William
text: stands leaning on the counter by the sink.
dialog: 101
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: LORNA
dialog: Mr. Matheson——
text: Her voice quivers.
speaker_heading: LORNA (CONT'D)
dialog: I hope you don’t take this the
dialog: wrong way but-——
text: She can hardly muster the words.
speaker_heading: LORNA (CONT’D)
dialog: I believe that your house is
dialog: haunted.
text: He stares back at her, unaffected by the revelation.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: I thought someone like you might
dialog: not mind our... unique situation.
text: Clearly he was wrong, as the woman is visibly shaken.
speaker_heading: LORNA
dialog: So you've seen her too?
text: He nods. She looks back at him, bewildered.
speaker_heading: LORNA (CONT'D)
dialog: Why are you still here?
text: He thinks for a moment, as tears well in his eyes. But he
text: smiles.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Seeing them gives me hope that
dialog: maybe she’1l stick around too.
text: After it's all over.
text: Lorna thinks about the sentiment. But she doesn’t know how to
dialog: feel about it.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM (CONT’D)
dialog: It’s the only hope I have.
text: The morbidly twisted logic is oddly heartwarming.
scene_heading: INT. THE MATHESON HOUSE (BEDROOM) - NIGHT 101
text: Upstairs in the bedroom, Faith still has that wide-eyed
text: comatose look on her face as she lays in bed. But the look in
text: her eyes is now filled with terror.
dialog: 102
dialog: 86.
text: Because Fiona Landers is laying on top of her. Their faces
text: inches apart. The pregnant woman’s lips parted. That
text: gruesome, seeping wheeze oozing from her tattered lungs.
text: Thick, black, fetid tears drip from her eyes onto Faith
text: Matheson'’s frozen cheeks. The old woman paralyzed with fear.
scene_heading: INT. THE MATHESON HOUSE (KITCHEN) - DAY 102
text: The sun has come up and its now well into morning. William
text: stands at the counter preparing breakfast. Faith in her
text: wheelchair, more coherent today, wheels herself into the
text: room. William turns to her and smiles.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Still feeling good?
text: She keeps looking behind her, a paranoid look in her eye.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM (CONT’D)
dialog: What's wrong?
speaker_heading: FAITH
text: There’s a woman upstairs.
text: She lowers her voice to a whisper.
speaker_heading: FAITH (CONT'D)
text: She's asleep in the guest room.
dialog: P g
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: That's Lorna sweetheart. Remember?
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: Mmm.
text: She nods, feigning remembrance as she wheels herself to the
dialog: table.
speaker_heading: FAITH (CONT’D)
dialog: But what’s she doing here?
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: She’s here to help us.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: with what?
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Don‘t you remember sweetheart? We
dialog: called her together. Last week.
dialog: 103
dialog: 104
dialog: 87.
text: He can tell from the look on her face that Faith is
text: frustrated. He rubs her shoulders.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM (CONT'D)
dialog: It's okay, babe. She’s here to end
dialog: all of this.
text: But there's an odd, skeptical look in Faith's eye.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM (CONT'D)
dialog: Wanna help me with breakfast?
scene_heading: INT. THE MATHESON HOUSE (HALLWAY) - DAY 103
text: Lorna emerges from the guest room dressed, packed, and ready
text: to get back on the road. She walks down the stairs.
speaker_heading: LORNA
dialog: Mr. Matheson?
text: At the bottom of the stairs she hears a noise in the kitchen,
scene_heading: INT. THE MATHESON HOUSE (KITCHEN) — DAY 104
text: She walks into the kitchen where, much to her surprise, she
text: finds Faith Matheson, standing at the counter chopping
text: vegetables. Faith’s back is to Lorna, standing in the
dialog: doorway.
speaker_heading: LORNA
dialog: Mrs. Matheson?
text: There’s no response, but the sight makes Lorna smile.
speaker_heading: LORNA (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m happy to see you on your feet.
text: Her back still turned, Faith doesn’t respond.
speaker_heading: LORNA (CONT'D)
dialog: Mrs. Matheson?
text: She just keeps chopping at the cutting board on the counter.
text: Just then, Lorna sees something out of the corner of her eye.
text: Something on the floor. She looks down.
text: William is face down on the floor with a fork stabbed into
text: the side of his neck. He’s dead.
text: But the scuff marks on the linoleum floor left by the soles
text: of his shoes indicate a terrible struggle.
dialog: 105
dialog: 106
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: LORNA (CONT’D)
dialog: Oh my god. What did you do?
text: Faith just keeps chopping. Lorna screams.
speaker_heading: LORNA (CONT'D)
dialog: What did you do?!
text: Slowly, Faith turns around, twisting oddly at her hips and
text: Lorna sees that she hasn’t been chopping vegetables at all.
text: Faith’s been chopping her fingers with a kitchen knife. Her
text: left hand, a mangled, fleshy mess of stumps. The woman‘’s
text: face, unbearably sad.
speaker_heading: FAITH
dialog: He wanted to kill me.
text: Lorna backs away.
speaker_heading: LORNA
dialog: Oh my god.
text: Just then, she hears something. That horrible, croaking
text: gurgle. She turns.
text: And standing right behind her in the corner of the room is
text: the skeletal form of Fiona Landers. Limbs broken and twisted
dialog: at every joint.
text: Fiona rubs her pregnant belly with her mangled hands, jerking
text: back and forth at the broken elbow. Blood streams down her
dialog: legs.
text: Lorna screams and runs for the door. Desperately clawing and
text: scrambling as she goes. She fumbles with the door and then
text: bolts out of the house.
text: She runs down the driveway out to her car.
scene_heading: EXT. THE MATHESON HOUSE - DAY 105
text: Running like she’s never run before, she finally reaches her
text: rental car parked at the end of the driveway. She gets
text: inside, slams the door, starts the engine, and speeds off.
scene_heading: INT. LORNA‘’S RENTAL CAR — DAY 106
text: Panicked, she speeds down the wooded back roads. Panting, out
text: of breath, a crazed look on her face. She mutters to herself.
dialog: 107
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: LORNA
dialog: You're okay. You're okay. You're
dialog: okay.
text: But her heart races. She looks to the rearview mirror. And
text: Fiona Landers is sitting there in the back seat behind her.
text: Her arms outstretched, gripping the steering wheel tight, she
text: swerves as she screams.
text: And just then, her elbow hyperextends, seemingly on its own.
text: The bones violently cracking the wrong way with a snap.
scene_heading: EXT. SERVICE ROAD ~ DAY 107
text: The car spins out of control. Spinning wildly down the
text: street. Bouncing back and forth between the guard rails.
text: But eventually it comes to a stop, screeching from the
text: friction under the tires. And the car just sits there in the
text: middle of the road.
text: The chaos quiets.
text: And time passes.
text: Days turn to nights many times over.
text: Days; then weeks, then months go by. The remainder of the
text: winter’s snow melts. The trees regrow their leaves and then
dialog: lose them once again.
text: All the while, the car and Lorna’s corpse remain untouched.
text: As the months pass and seasons change, not a single car
text: drives down the road.
text: Eventually a truck comes along and the driver stops when he
text: spots Lorna’s wreck, He makes a call and before long the
text: place is swarming with cops and emergency vehicles.
text: When the fire department arrives, they pry the car’s doors
text: off with the jaws of life and reveal the twisted body inside.
text: And then Goodman and Muldoon arrive at the scene.
text: Uniformed officers escort the detectives under the tape line
text: surrounding the scene.
text: And Goodman and Muldoon head into the chaos. Unaware of
dialog: what’s to transpire.
text: cur TO BLACK.
dialog: 108
dialog: 90.
scene_heading: INT. THE LANDERS HOUSE (LIVING ROOM) - DAY 108
text: Melinda lays on the floor of the living room thrashing and
text: screaming and crying.
text: Her arms bound to her sides by her father’s belt strapped
text: tight around her body.
text: Her parents are fighting in the kitchen, but she can hear
dialog: everything.
speaker_heading: SAM (0.S.)
dialog: How dare you speak to me like that!
text: Melinda hears the slap across her mother’s face. She kicks
text: and flails.
speaker_heading: SAM (O0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Don't look at me like that.
text: And then the sound of pots and pans crashing. Plates
text: smashing. And the sound of her mother crying.
speaker_heading: FIONA (0.8.)
dialog: I'm sorry, Sam. I'm sorry.
text: Melinda screams and wails. But her parents aren’t listening.
text: CUT TO BLACK.
dialog: 109
dialog: 110
dialog: gl.
scene_heading: TITLE CARD: “GOODMAN & MULDOON”
scene_heading: INT. THE MULDOON HOUSE (KITCHEN) - DAY 109
text: Burke sits at the table, a birthday cake adorned with seven
text: candles in front of him. Goodman and Muldoon stand on either
text: side of the boy.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN & MULDOON
dialog: (singing)
dialog: ..-Happy birthday dear Burke. Happy
dialog: birthday to you!
text: Goodman is uncharacteristically enthusiastic as he sings. But
text: Muldoon is distracted. Her mind is elsewhere.
text: Goodman takes notice, but pretends to ignore it.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: Alright kid, make a wish.
text: The little boy smiles and blows out the candles. Goodman
text: watches, beaming. The family he never thought he’d have.
text: But he can tell something is wrong with Muldoon.
scene_heading: INT, THE MULDOON HOUSE (LIVING ROOM) - DAY 110
text: Muldoon, Burke and Goodman sit on the couch watching an old
text: movie. Burke cuddles close to his mother, the two of them
text: under a blanket. Muldoon has dozed oft.
text: Goodman glances over.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Ey, Muldoon.
text: She shakes awake and looks around, groggy. She’s shaken.
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: Did I fall asleep?
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: Why don’t I get out of here.
text: Goodman watches as Muldoon rubs the sleep from her eyes.
text: There’s something off about her demeanor.
dialog: 111
dialog: 112
dialog: 92.
scene_heading: EXT. THE MULDOON HOUSE - NIGHT 111
text: Muldoon walks Goodman out to his car.
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: Thanks for tonight.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: Yeah, of course. I love the kid.
text: She puts on a smile.
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: It’s nice to feel normal for once.
text: Goodman finds the remark odd. He stares back at her
dialog: concerned.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: You alright?
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: Me? Yeah, of course. Just tired.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: Been sleeping much?
text: She smiles.
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: I’m fine! Stop worrying about me.
scene_heading: INT. THE MULDOON HOUSE - NIGHT 112
text: Muldoon has fallen asleep on the couch in the living room in
text: front of the TV. She stirs awake and looks around
text: disoriented. She gets up and turns off the TV.
text: She shuts off the lights in the living room and then the
text: hallway, room by room, sending the house into darkness.
text: In the kitchen, she goes to the thermostat and turns up the
text: heat. She flicks the lights switch and the kitchen goes dark.
text: She looks to the sliding doors across the room, leading to
text: the dark backyard outside. They’re unlocked.
text: She walks through the dark kitchen towards the large glass
text: doors. She reaches for the lock and turns it. As she does,
text: she peers outside into the darkness.
dialog: 113
dialog: 114
dialog: 93.
text: There, standing in the shadows, looking back at her through
text: the glass doors is Fiona Landers. Just staring at her. Her
text: heart skips.
text: Quickly, she flicks on the light illuminating the backyard.
text: But there’s no one there. She catches her breath, shakes it
text: off, and walks out of the room.
text: But there in the shadows in the corner of the room. Is little
text: Melinda Landers. Sitting on the floor. Rocking back and
dialog: forth.
scene_heading: EXT. THE MULDOON HOUSE - NIGHT 113
text: The night is calm and quiet. But there's an eeriness to the
text: sway of the trees in the wind.
scene_heading: INT. THE MULDOON HOUSE (MASTER BEDROOM) - NIGHT 114
text: Muldoon is now asleep in bed.
text: Suddenly, the lights turn on in the hallway outside. The
text: lights are off in the bedroom but a sliver of light peeks in
text: from beneath the closed door.
text: Muldoon starts to stir awake.
text: Suddenly, s she hears something. A wheezing sound. Quiet, but
text: it’s there, creeping from the corner of the room. Then she
text: hears it again, louder this time.
text: Slowly, she looks to the corner, Staring into the deep black
text: shadows lurking by the door. It’s so dark, she can hardly see
text: a thing, but she can tell there’s someone there.
text: Her voice quivers as she whispers.
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: Hello?
text: Just then she notices a shadow.
text: It steps into the sliver of light beneath the door, as though
text: someone were now standing on the other side of the door,
speaker_heading: MULDOON (CONT'D)
dialog: Burke?
text: And then the shadow peels back, as if whoever was standing
text: there has turned and left. She gets out of bed and opens the
text: door. But no one’s in the hallway.
dialog: 115
dialog: 117
dialog: 94,
scene_heading: INT. THE MULDCON HOUSE (HALLWAY) -. NIGHT 115
text: Muldoon steps down the hallway to her son's room. The only
text: light on in the house is the light in the hallway.
text: She opens Burke’s door and looks inside. He's alone in the
text: room and fast asleep in bed.
text: Muldoon turns to leave quietly, but all of a sudden the TV
text: turns on in the living room. The volume all the way up.
text: The cacophonous burst of noise startles Burke awake. He lifts
text: open his groggy eyes.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: What's going on?
text: Confused, Muldoon looks down the hallway into the rest of the
dialog: house.
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: I think its a power surge. Go back
dialog: to sleep.
text: Burke lays back down and closes his eyes. Muldoon steps out
text: of the room, flicks off the light, and shuts the door.
scene_heading: INT. THE MULDOON HOUSE (LIVING ROOM) ~- NIGHT 116
text: She walks down the hallway into the living room and looks
text: around. Nothing seems out of the ordinary. But she finds her
text: self on edge. Frightened.
text: She tries to shake it off. But she can’t.
text: She turns off the television.
scene_heading: INT. THE MULDOON HOUSE (KITCHEN) ~ NIGHT 117
text: She walks into the kitchen and finds the dog sitting and
text: staring oddly at the sliding door to the backyard.
speaker_heading: MULDCON
dialog: Need to go out Frank?
text: She unlocks the door and slides it open to let the dog out.
text: But the dog doesn’t budge. Frank just sits there staring.
text: Muldoon’s heart starts to race.
text: Then the dog gets down low to the ground, belly to the floor,
text: and whimpers, staring out into the backyard.
dialog: 118
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: MULDOON (CONT'D)
dialog: What's wrong?
text: She looks out into the dark backyard.
speaker_heading: MULDOON (CONT’D)
dialog: Do you see something?
text: It's getting harder to breath. The dog whimpers and still
text: won't move. Muldoon steps outside.
speaker_heading: MULDOON (CONT‘D)
dialog: Come Frank.
text: Still nothing from the dog.
speaker_heading: MULDOON (CONT‘D)
dialog: Come on bud.
text: Finally, the dog reluctantly steps outside.
scene_heading: EXT. THE MULDOON HOUSE (BACKYARD) - NIGHT 118
text: For a moment the dog just stands there at Muldoon’s side, his
text: gaze transfixed on the table a few yards in front of them.
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: What’s wrong?
text: Frank starts to growl at the table. Muldoon looks at it.
text: The table is covered in a table cloth that hangs down,
text: obstructing the view underneath.
text: Just then, the TV inside the house turns back on. Her eyes
text: dart to the house. Her mind starts to race and all of a
text: sudden, she’s terrified.
text: The dog keeps growling.
speaker_heading: MULDOON (CONT’D)
dialog: What’s wrong?
text: Muldoon stares at the table cloth rustling in the wind.
speaker_heading: MULDOON (CONT'D)
dialog: Is there something under there?
text: The dog just keeps growling.
text: Slowly, Muldoon steps towards the table, inching forwards
text: carefully. A frightful tension building within her.
dialog: 119
dialog: 96.
text: Each step, her heart beats faster. The dog growls louder.
text: Finally, she gets to the table and reaches for the cloth. She
text: lifts the edge peeling it back off the table.
text: And there she sees a little girl.
dialog: Melinda Landers.
text: Wide black eyes, crouched underneath the table staring back
text: at her.
text: The little girl with swollen eyes squeezes the tattered doll
text: in her arms. And the doll lets out a terrifying little
text: mechanical giggle.
text: Muldoon screams. She staggers back, panting, trying to catch
text: her breath. As the tears stream down her face.
scene_heading: INT. THE MULDOON HOUSE (KITCHEN) - NIGHT 119
text: Muldoon sits at the kitchen table, her teary eyes downcast.
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: You’re the only person I have.
text: Goodman sits across the table from her, a sympathetic look on
text: his face.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: Was it happening at all before you
dialog: went to the house?
text: Muldoon shakes her head.
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: I don’t know.
text: She picks at the skin around her fingernails nervously.
speaker_heading: MULDOON (CONT'D)
dialog: I just think that I’ve been
dialog: thinking about all this stuff too
dialog: much.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: The case?
text: Muldoon's leg shakes under the table.
speaker_heading: MULDOON
text: Looking at all these photos.
dialog: Reading all the horrible stories.
dialog: 
dialog: 97.
text: Goodman chews on the toothpick between his teeth twirling it
text: back and forth with one hand. He sips a cup of coffee with
text: the other as he listens. There’s a genuine look of
text: understanding in the older man’s eyes.
speaker_heading: MULDOON (CONT‘D)
dialog: I don't care how immune to it you
dialog: are. It gets to you. I can’t close
dialog: my eyes without seeing this shit.
text: Goodman looks at the shaken, broken woman. Tears well up in
text: Muldoon’s eyes. It’s a sad sight, Muldoon sitting there, so
text: desperate, so helpless. For the first time, she locks eyes
dialog: with Goodman,
speaker_heading: MULDOON (CONT‘D)
dialog: I think I’m losing my mind.
text: She looks back down the hall towards her son’s bedroom. She
text: hesitates for a moment.
speaker_heading: MULDOON (CONT’D)
dialog: I’m just afraid that I won't be
dialog: able to handle everything, and
dialog: I’ll...
text: She chokes up.
speaker_heading: MULDOON (CONT'D)
dialog: And I'll make him go through it
dialog: again.
text: Muldoon regains her composure. Muldoon shakes her head in
text: dismay. Goodman stares back at her, clearly overwhelmed.
speaker_heading: MULDOON (CONT'D)
dialog: I don't know what to do. I’m trying
dialog: so hard to pretend like I’m not
text: scared. But he can tell.
text: She shakes her head.
speaker_heading: MULDOON (CONT'D)
dialog: Maybe I am going crazy.
text: She takes a deep breath. Muldoon knows how to cut through.
text: She looks up at Goodman.
speaker_heading: MULDOON (CONT'D)
dialog: I went to see Wilson.
text: Goodman’s heart skips a beat. He tries to hide it.
dialog: 120
dialog: 121
dialog: 
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: Why’d you go do a thing like that?
text: Muldoon stares deep into his eyes with a crazed look.
speaker_heading: MULDOON
dialog: I need to know what he saw and why
dialog: you won‘t go near that house.
scene_heading: INT. GOODMAN'S HOUSE (BEDROOM) - NIGHT 120
text: Goodman lays awake in bed, lost in thought. He turns and
text: looks at the clock.
text: Nearly 5AM. He hasn't slept a wink.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE PRECINCT (BULL PEN) ~ DAY 121
text: Goodman walks into the precinct amidst the morning bustle.
text: But today seems particularly hectic.
text: More officers than usual, hustling back and forth between
text: offices. Three men in suits stand with the Captain in his
dialog: office.
text: Goodman looks around for Muldoon. Detective Greco walks over
text: and stands by Goodman. His arms crossed, he sips his coffee.
text: The two men stand at the edge of the room, surveying the
dialog: scene.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: Where’s Muldoon?
text: Greco shrugs.
speaker_heading: GRECO
dialog: First time in weeks she isn’t first
dialog: one in.
text: Goodman nods towards the men in the Captain’s office.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: What’s with the suits?
speaker_heading: GRECO
text: Prints came back on the body from
dialog: the other day.
text: Goodman's stomach drops.
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: Mmm.
text: Goodman walks away towards his desk, but Greco calls out
text: after him.
speaker_heading: GRECO
dialog: Aren’t you curious?
text: Goodman casually calls over his shoulder as he goes.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: Nope.
text: Greco laughs.
speaker_heading: GRECO
dialog: Oh come on! Prints never take this
text: long. Three guesses.
text: Greco shines with boyish glee.
speaker_heading: GRECO (CONT’D)
dialog: Come on!
text: But Goodman doesn’t entertain the challenge. He sits down at
text: his desk and turns his computer on. Greco calls from across
dialog: the room.
speaker_heading: GRECO (CONT’D)
text: Prints belong to a dead body. One
dialog: of yours.
text: He's got a smile like a kid with a secret.
speaker_heading: GRECO (CONT'D)
dialog: Case from January.
text: Goodman doesn’t turn to look at him, but listens intently.
speaker_heading: GRECO (CONT'D)
dialog: Fiona Landers.
text: Goodman’s expression changes to one of deep~seeded terror. A
text: crass smile across Greco’s face.
speaker_heading: GRECO (CONT’D)
dialog: Spooky shit, huh? You think someone
dialog: cut her fingers off at the morgue?
text: The chilling waves of fear build within Goodman. Unlike
text: anything he’s ever felt before. Greco walks away as the
text: thought sets in.
dialog: 122
dialog: 100.
text: Goodman sits there for a moment, stunned. Then slowly, he
text: lifts the phone and dials a number. Holding the phone tensely
text: to his ear, he waits as it rings.
text: But it just rings and rings.
text: Eventually it goes to the answering machine.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: (over the phone)
dialog: Hi! You've reached the Muldoons.
scene_heading: INT. THE MULDOON HOUSE (MASTER BEDROOM) - DAY 122
text: Muldoon sits at the edge of her bed staring off. Burke’s
text: cheery voice emits from the answering machine.
speaker_heading: BURKE
dialog: (on the answering machine)
dialog: We can’t come to the phone right
dialog: now, but you can leave us a message
text: after the beep.
text: Muldoon is motionless, paralyzed.
speaker_heading: BEEP.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: (on the answering machine)
dialog: Muldoon, it’s Goodman.
text: Muldoon is terrified. Staring, eyes wide with fear.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN (CONT’D)
dialog: (on the answering machine)
dialog: Call me when you get this.
text: Because Melinda Landers is standing there in the doorway.
text: staring back at her.
text: Eyes dark and swollen. Bile flowing from the little girl's
dialog: lips.
text: And then Muldoon hears it. That terrible, wet, groaning
text: wheeze right behind her head.
text: Slowly, she turns. Painfully afraid of what she might see.
text: And right there behind her, their face mere inches apart...
text: Is pregnant Fiona Landers. Screaming at the top of her lungs.
dialog: 123
dialog: 124
dialog: 101.
scene_heading: EXT. THE MULDOON HOUSE - DAY 123
text: The school bus pulls up and stops in front of the Muldoon
text: house. Burke steps off the bus and heads towards the house,
text: passing his mother’s car parked in the driveway.
scene_heading: INT. THE MULDOON HOUSE - DAY 124
text: Burke walks in through the front door and calls out.
speaker_heading: BURKE:
dialog: Mom?
text: It's quiet. He closes the door and hangs up his jacket. He
text: calls out once more.
speaker_heading: BURKE (CONT'D)
dialog: Mom?
text: Still nothing. He looks around the room. Nothing seems out of
text: place, but the TV is still on.
speaker_heading: BURKE (CONT'D)
dialog: Frank?
text: The little boy waits and still there’s no response, He walks
text: over to the TV across the room and shuts it off.
text: As the house goes quiet, he hears Frank whimpering down the
text: hall. Burke turns the corner and sees Frank at the other end
text: of the hallway.
text: The dog is whimpering, desperately scratching at the door to
text: Muldcon's bedroom. Slowly, the young boy walks down the
dialog: hallway.
speaker_heading: BURKE (CONT'D)
dialog: What's wrong bud?
text: The bedroom door is so scratched, we can only imagine how
dialog: long the panicked dog has been here like this. Burke tries
text: the door knob, but it’s locked.
text: He calls through the door.
speaker_heading: BURKE (CONT'D)
dialog: Mom?
text: There's no response. He tries the door again.
speaker_heading: BURKE (CONT'D)
dialog: Mom?
dialog: 125
dialog: 102.
text: The dog keeps scratching at the door, crying. The young boy
text: shakes the knob in his nervous hands.
speaker_heading: BURKE (CONT’D)
dialog: Mommy?!
scene_heading: INT. THE MULDOON HOUSE (MASTER BEDROOM) - DAY 125
text: Muldoon’s body lays in the middle of the floor. The sight is
text: gruesome.
text: Her heart literally ripped out of her chest. Her hands
text: bloody, chunks of skin under her finger nails. A terrified
text: look on her face.
text: Officers move about the room collecting evidence.
speaker_heading: OFFICER MICHAELS
dialog: We still haven’t found the heart.
text: Goodman and Michaels stand over the body staring down.
text: Officer Michaels shrugs.
speaker_heading: OFFICER MICHAELS (CONT’D}
text: Wounds on her chest look self-
dialog: inflicted. Callin’ it suicide for
dialog: now, but...
text: He trails off in disbelief. Goodman is horrified and saddened
text: by the sight.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: This wasn’t suicide.
text: cuT TO BLACK.
dialog: 126
dialog: 127
dialog: 128
dialog: 103.
scene_heading: TITLE CARD: “THE LANDERS FAMILY”
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN STREET - NIGHT 126
text: Heavy rain beats down on the manicured lawns. Wind whistles
text: through the trees. The signpost on the corner reads: “REYBURN
text: DRIVE". At the end of the cul-de-sac is the LANDERS’ HOUSE.
text: A “FOR SALE" sign planted in the front lawn sporting Peter
text: and Nina’s smiling faces.
scene_heading: INT. THE LANDERS HOUSE - NIGHT 127
text: The inside of the home is nice; nothing overly elegant, but
dialog: there’s a definite taste and style to the decor. Children’s
text: toys and smiling family photos indicate nothing but the life
text: of an ordinary family. A mother, a father, and a young
dialog: daughter.
text: The hallway. The kitchen. The living room. Moving boxes
dialog: litter the rooms. We know the house well. But there’s
dialog: something different about it.
text: No sign of Peter Spencer anywhere.
scene_heading: INT. THE LANDERS HOUSE (MELINDA’S BEDROOM) - DAY 128
text: Fiona rushes into Melinda’s bedroom. Her heart racing,
speaker_heading: FIONA
dialog: Baby, come on, we have to go.
text: Before daddy gets home.
text: Fiona rushes to the window and looks out to the street.
speaker_heading: MELINDA
dialog: Where are we going?
text: Fiona goes to Melinda and puts on a big smile.
speaker_heading: FIONA
dialog: We're going on a trip. But we have
dialog: to go right now.
text: Fiona gets Melinda’s doll from the dresser and hands it to
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: FIONA (CONT'D)
dialog: Here’s Lisa. We need to go to the
dialog: car now, okay baby?
dialog: 129
dialog: 104.
text: Fiona goes to the closet and takes out a small, already
text: packed duffle bag.
text: Fiona’s energy starts to make Melinda nervous. Fiona sees it.
text: She rushes to the girl and hugs her.
speaker_heading: FIONA (CONT'D)
dialog: Shh. Its okay baby, it’s gonna be
dialog: okay. I’m going to get you out of
dialog: here. I love you so much.
dialog: Everything will be okay. I promise.
text: Just then the front door swings open downstairs with a slam.
text: Fiona’s eyes dart to the doorway.
speaker_heading: SAM (0.8.)
dialog: Fiona?
text: The voice sends a chill up her spine.
text: She hurries Melinda to the closet and guides her inside.
speaker_heading: FIONA
dialog: Stay in here baby. Okay? Whatever
dialog: you do, don’t come out unless its
dialog: me. Okay?
text: Melinda hides in the closet and Fiona rushes into the
dialog: hallway.
scene_heading: INT. THE LANDERS HOUSE (HALLWAY) - DAY 129
text: Fiona darts out of the bedroom, closing the door behind her.
text: But as she turns to continue down the hall. Sam is right
text: there behind her.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: What’s going on?
text: Fiona pushes past him towards the stairs.
speaker_heading: FIONA
dialog: We're leaving.
text: He stops her.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: FIONA
dialog: What do you think I mean?
text: Sam stands there stunned.
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You can’t leave.
speaker_heading: FIONA
dialog: Watch me.
text: Finally she pushes past him.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Don’t just walk away from me!
text: She stops at the top of the stairs. She turns back and stares
text: deep into his eyes. Pale faced and red eyed, she chokes back
dialog: sobs.
speaker_heading: FIONA
dialog: Our daughter needs help. And you
dialog: won’t let me help her.
text: He stands there heartbroken, angry, distraught.
speaker_heading: FIONA (CONT’D)
dialog: We're leaving, Sam. For good this
dialog: time.
text: Fiona pants through her adrenaline wall of tears as Sam’s
text: rage starts to brew.
speaker_heading: FIONA (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m taking her. And I’m going to
dialog: get her help
text: Sam starts towards her. His heart racing. His blood starting
text: to boil. His face red with fury, waiting to explode.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You aren't taking her anywhere.
text: She backs away as he grows nearer. Closer to the edge of the
text: steps. She shudders at the sight of him. The disgust drips
text: from her voice.
speaker_heading: FIONA
dialog: You're a coward, Sam. You're weak.
text: That sends him over the edge.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Why did you make me do this?
speaker_heading: FIONA
dialog: What?
text: Sam pushes his wife down the stairs.
dialog: 130
dialog: 106.
text: The pregnant woman topples down the staircase. Step after
text: step after step. Her body breaking and contorting at the
dialog: joints.
text: A look of confusion and sadness on her face as she falls.
dialog: Never did she think it would come to this. And then she
text: stops. Breaking her neck at the bottom of the steps.
text: Sam's face is still red with rage. He pants like an animal.
text: Nearly unable to catch his breath,
text: He hasn’t yet noticed the tears in his eyes, for the wall of
text: the adrenaline put up by the rage as dulled all his senses.
text: He staggers down the hallway to Melinda’s bedroom,
scene_heading: INT. THE LANDERS HOUSE (MELINDA‘S BEDROOM) 130
text: This whole time, Melinda has been hiding in her closet.
text: Terrified, clinging to her doll.
text: Its quiet through the house. All she can hear is that sound
dialog: that we've heard so many times before. That ominous sound.
text: The chilling, wheezing sound, seeping from the pierced lungs
text: and broken ribs of Fiona Landers’ dying body.
text: Melinda holds her doll close.
text: Just then, she hears the door to her bedroom open. The closet
text: door is open just ever so slightly.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Baby?
text: Melinda watches through the crack in the door as her father
text: looks around the pitch black room.
speaker_heading: SAM (CONT'D)
dialog: Baby? Where are you?
text: Melinda, frightened to her core, peels back into the shadows
dialog: of the closet.
speaker_heading: SAM (CONT'D)
dialog: We have to go baby.
text: Her father kneels down to look under the bed. He lifts the
text: sheets, hoping to find his daughter hiding underneath.
text: But he doesn't.
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: SAM (CONT'D)
dialog: WHERE ARE YOU?!
text: Shocked by the sound, the girl clings tighter to her doll.
text: But in doing so, triggers the doll's mechanism.
text: And the doll lets out a small, mechanical giggle. Sam's head
text: darts to the closet.
text: He throws open the door and Melinda starts to scream,
speaker_heading: SAM (CONT'D)
dialog: No, no, no! It’s okay baby. It’s
dialog: okay. I'm here.
text: Melinda starts to swing her arms, her fists flapping. She
text: starts to hit herself.
speaker_heading: SAM (CONT'D)
dialog: Stop! No. Baby. Stop. It’s okay.
text: He grabs her by the wrists and tackles her to the ground.
text: trying to restrain her. But only adding fuel to the fire.
text: She thrashes in his arms.
speaker_heading: SAM (CONT'D)
dialog: Stop! Stop!
text: She screams and flails.
speaker_heading: SAM (CONT'D)
dialog: STOP!
text: He holds his hand over her mouth to stop her from screaming.
text: His other hand hold’s her by the shoulder pressing her to the
dialog: ground.
text: The grown man’s weight on the girl is too much for her. So
text: she thrashes harder.
text: And in his panic he starts to shake the little girl.
speaker_heading: SAM (CONT'D)
dialog: STOP! STOP!
text: But she can hardly breathe as Sam shakes the little girl more
text: and more violently.
speaker_heading: SAM (CONT’D)
dialog: Please stop!
dialog: 131
dialog: 108.
text: Blood rushes to the little girl's eyes. Her eyelids bulging
text: under the pressure. Bile starts to dribble from her lips
text: beneath her father's hand.
text: All the while, he shakes her and shakes her and shakes her.
text: Trying to make her calm down. But killing her instead.
text: Eventually her thrashing slows.
speaker_heading: SAM (CONT'D)
dialog: That's a good girl. That’s my girl.
text: Until she isn’t moving.
speaker_heading: SAM (CONT’D)
dialog: Shhh. It's okay. It's okay.
text: He looks down and notices her swollen, glassy eyes. He shakes
text: her to try to wake her up.
speaker_heading: SAM (CONT'D)
dialog: Melinda?
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: SAM (CONT'D)
dialog: Melinda?
scene_heading: INT. THE LANDERS HOUSE - NIGHT 131
text: An old home movie plays on the TV in the living room. On the
text: tape, it's Christmas morning. Wrapped presents beneath the
text: decorated tree.
text: Fiona, four months pregnant, sits on the floor beside
text: Melinda. Fiona turns to the camera, a huge smile across her
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: FIONA
dialog: Sam, are you filming?
text: A man’s voice from off camera:
speaker_heading: SAM (0.S.)
dialog: Yeah.
text: Fiona turns to her daughter, rocking back and forth, with a
text: worried look across her face. A wrapped present waiting
text: patiently in her lap.
speaker_heading: FIONA
dialog: Okay, open it Melinda!
dialog: 132
dialog: 133
dialog: 109.
text: The little girl tears away the wrapping paper with feverish
text: excitement. She tosses off the wrapping and reveals a box
text: with a doll inside,
speaker_heading: MELINDA
dialog: Laughing Lisal
text: The little girl suddenly bubbles with glee.
speaker_heading: SAM (0.S.)
dialog: Pick it up and let daddy see!
text: The little girl holds up the doll for the camera.
speaker_heading: SAM (0.S.) (CONT‘D)
dialog: Is that the one you wanted?
text: The little girl nods. Fiona watches her daughter, smiling.
text: And then the tape stops. Paused on a frame of the happy
dialog: family.
text: Sam sits on the couch watching the tape. The remote in his
text: hand, he stares at the still image. With tears in his eyes.
scene_heading: EXT. THE LANDERS HOUSE ~ NIGHT 132
text: He walks across the driveway to the shed on the side of the
text: property. His head hanging low, his feet shuffle as he walks.
text: He goes inside and looks over the shelves of power tools. He
text: takes a circular saw off the shelf and walks out of the shed.
scene_heading: INT. THE LANDERS HOUSE - NIGHT 133
text: He heads up the stairs to the second floor. He steps down the
text: long hallway. He pushes open the door at the end of the hall
text: and flicks on the light. A bathroom.
text: He looks around the small tiled room. He bends down in the
text: corner, plugging the saw into an outlet. He stands and walks
text: over to the bathtub. He kneels down beside it. And starts to
dialog: ery.
text: He can hardly look at what he’s done.
text: He starts the spinning blades of the saw, leans into the tub
text: and begins to saw the lifeless, pregnant body of Fiona
dialog: Landers.
text: He sobs as he does it.
dialog: 134
dialog: 135
dialog: 136
dialog: 137
dialog: 1lo.
scene_heading: INT. THE LANDERS HOUSE (CRAWL SPACE) - NIGHT 134
text: Sam hides the bags filled with Fiona’s dismembered body in
dialog: the crawl space.
scene_heading: EXT. THE LANDERS HOUSE (BACKYARD) - NIGHT 135
text: Sam digs a small grave in the backyard. He still can’t stop
text: the tears.
text: Melinda's body, wrapped up in her bed sheets, sits beside the
text: small child-sized hole. He rolls her body into the hole and
text: covers it with a small mound of dirt.
text: He can’t believe what he’s done.
scene_heading: EXT. THE LANDERS HOUSE (BACKYARD) - NIGHT 136
text: Sam is having a fit. Smashing and breaking everything in
text: sight. Throwing things from the house in a angry fit of rage.
text: Screaming uncontrollably.
text: Until finally he collapses to his knees. Sobbing.
scene_heading: INT. THE LANDERS HOUSE (GARAGE) - NIGHT 137
text: Sam rushes to his car parked in the garage. He gets in ina
text: hurry and thrusts the keys into the ignition. He starts the
dialog: car.
text: He's sweating bullets. His heart is racing. He’s panicked.
text: Beside the rearview mirror is the remote for the garage door.
text: He clicks to open the door. But it doesn’t cpen.
text: He tries again, but still the door behind him won’t open.
text: He locks to the button on the wall outside the car. He tries
text: to open the car door, but its locked. He unlocks it. But it
text: immediately locks on its own.
text: He tries again. But again, it locks on its own.
text: The car running, exhaust fumes rise around the car.
text: Increasingly frantic, Sam tries to escape the vehicle. Trying
text: to bust through the door.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Come on! Come on!
dialog: 138
dialog: 139
dialog: 111.
text: Suddenly, the windows of the car slowly go down just a few
text: inches on their own. Not open enough to reach through. But
text: open enough to let the fumes in.
text: Sam watches, confused.
text: He coughs. Gagging on the fumes as the garage continues to
text: fill with smoke. He crawls through the car to the backseat.
text: Trying all the doors.
speaker_heading: SAM (CONT’D)
dialog: No! No!
text: But he can’t get out. He’s trapped.
text: His eyes bright red. His face blue from the lack of oxygen.
text: He coughs, spitting up bile. Desperately gasping for air.
text: He starts to feel faint. Dizzy and woozy. Weak as he loses
text: consciousness. Coughing a wet and violent cough as he blacks
dialog: out.
text: He looks up, and there, outside the car, standing right in
text: front of it, are Fiona and Melinda.
text: Staring back at him through the clouds of smoke. Smiling.
text: He stares back. His eyes wide and terrified.
scene_heading: EXT. THE LANDERS HOUSE ~ NIGHT 138
text: Sam’s screams echo through the night. Dark clouds pass over
text: the moon. Neighborhood dogs bark in the distance.
text: But the screams fade. And the house lays quiet in the night.
scene_heading: INT. THE LANDERS HOUSE (CRAWL SPACE) - NIGHT 139
text: Fiona’s dismembered corpse remains parcelled away in plastic
text: bags in the crawl space. Her eyes forever open.
text: And time passes. A little over a week. And we watch as her
text: body decomposes in time-lapse. Transitioning to the way we
dialog: saw it when Peter discovered it.
text: And then Peter is standing there looking at it, having just
text: found the body in the fly-ridden crawl space. Just where we
dialog: left him.
text: Half out of his mind with fright, he tumbles back down into
text: the Landers’ master bedroom.
dialog: 140
dialog: 112.
scene_heading: INT. THE LANDERS HOUSE (HALLWAY) - NIGHT 140
text: Peter scrambles back into the hallway and rushes to Melinda’s
text: bedroom. He swings open the door, but she’s gone. He rushes
text: back into the hallway crying out.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Where are you? We can’t stay here!
text: Panicked, he runs down the stairs. Running from room to room.
text: The living room. The guest room. The bathroom. All empty. The
text: little girl is nowhere to be found. He runs to the kitchen.
text: But there’s still no sign of her.
text: Just then, he hears a thud from the second floor. As if
text: something heavy has fallen. He looks up.
text: There's a sound coming from the staircase in the other room.
text: Like someone dragging wet plastic. The sound gets closer and
dialog: closer.
text: Little Melinda, suddenly right next to him, holds his hand.
text: Slowly, the door creeps open. Then he hears it again. That
text: chilling, wheezing sound. Seeping from the pierced lungs and
text: broken ribs of Fiona Landers’ dying body.
text: Fiona’s mangled corpse crawls through the doorway.
text: Peter’s strength drains from his body. His vision goes blurry
text: as his knees fold under him, collapsing on the spot. He
text: slumps against the wall, staring off into space. Horrified,
text: terrified, overwhelmed.
text: Fiona’s pregnant body, broken and twisted. She desperately
text: crawls across the floor towards him. Her broken arms feebly
text: tugging her limp body weight behind her across the linoleum
dialog: tile.
text: Her fingernails peeling off the soft flesh of her rotten
text: fingers as she slithers her gnarled corpse even closer.
text: Rotted limbs tear from the corpse as she drags herself,
text: leaving behind a trail of organs and entrails spilling out of
text: her. Flies swarm around her festering wounds.
text: Clutched in her arms is the body of her dead fetus still
text: attached to Fiona by the umbilical chord. The slimy mass
text: decaying in her arms.
text: But behind the ghostly eyes, Peter sees the solemn stare of a
text: mother who lost her child and it’s haunting,
dialog: 113.
text: Suddenly, the house phone starts to ring. Peter's heart
text: pounds wildly in his chest. Ring ring. Ring ring.
text: Melinda, still tightly holding his hand, has bile pouring
text: from her lips. The girl seems not to mind as she hold her
text: doll tightly. But Peter is paralyzed with fear.
text: Ring ring. Ring ring.
text: Fiona's body shiny with blood and wrapped in clear plastic.
text: She opens her mouth halfway, dribbling fresh blood, emitting
text: that horrific croaking sound from the back of her throat.
text: Peter, still on the floor, frantically scrambles backwards.
text: Fiona’s swollen and decaying lips move as if trying to speak.
text: Ring ring. Ring ring.
text: Peter groans as he slides further back. Boxed into the corner
text: of the room by Fiona’s crawling corpse with nowhere to run.
text: Her hair, stringy and oily and black, falling out by the
text: clump, leaving a trail behind her, like some fetid slug.
text: Ring ring. Finally the phone goes to the answering machine.
speaker_heading: FIONA
dialog: (on the answering machine)
dialog: Hi! You've reached the Landers! We
dialog: can’t come to the phone right now,
dialog: but leave your name and number
dialog: after the beep and we'll get back
dialog: to you as soon as we can!
speaker_heading: BEEP.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (on the answering machine)
dialog: Why did you make me do this?
text: The sound that plays from the answering machine is
text: terrifying. A collage of sounds building to a chaos.
text: Fiona's screams and cries and the sound of her bones breaking
text: as she topples down the stairs. The sound of little Melinda
text: squealing and gasping for air. The sound of a circular saw
dialog: against bone.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Oh my god.
text: His heart racing, his eyes wide. Peter is frozen.
text: Overcome with fear.
dialog: 141
dialog: 142
dialog: 114.
scene_heading: INT. THE SPENCER HOME (BEDROOM) - NIGHT 141
text: Nina is in bed watching TV when the front door of the house
text: opens. She freezes for a second. And then calls out:
speaker_heading: NINA
dialog: Hello?
text: She calls out again.
speaker_heading: NINA (CONT'D)
dialog: Peter?
dialog: No response.
speaker_heading: NINA (CONT'D)
dialog: Peter?
text: Gently stroking her belly, she stands up with a grunt of
text: effort and heads into the hallway.
scene_heading: INT. THE SPENCER HOME — NIGHT 142
text: Nina creeps through the dark house slowly.
speaker_heading: NINA
dialog: Peter?
text: Still no response. She grows more and more tense with every
text: step. She moves from room to room looking around.
text: The walls of the house lined with windows. She feels an odd
text: sort of vulnerability in her own home. As though through the
text: windows, she’s being watched. She can almost feel the eyes on
dialog: her.
text: She stops and looks around.
speaker_heading: NINA (CONT‘D)
dialog: Peter?
text: Its dead quiet. Nina stands in the living room surrounded by
text: large plate glass windows, petrified.
text: From where she's standing, she can see the front door. It’s
text: open. But no one’s there. At least from what she can see.
text: She walks out of the living room and through the kitchen. A
text: fear building in her as she gets closer and closer to the
text: door. Her breath quickens, her heart races.
text: The rain is coming down hard outside. She tries to calm
text: herself. But it doesn’t work.
dialog: 115.
text: She reaches for her pregnant belly, rubbing it, as though to
dialog: comfort the infant inside.
text: Eventually, she gets to the entry way. Its dark and all the
text: lights are off. But the front door is open. And Peter is
text: standing right there next to it. Soaked from the rain.
text: Dripping onto the floor.
text: She breathes a heavy sigh of relief and smiles.
speaker_heading: NINA (CONT’D)
dialog: Jesus Christ, you scared me.
text: She laughs.
speaker_heading: NINA (CONT‘D)
dialog: Parents finally come home?
text: Peter doesn’t respond.
speaker_heading: NINA (CONT‘D)
dialog: Peter?
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: NINA (CONT’D)
dialog: Peter?
text: Nina is still. A silent stand off. His demeanor is cold and
text: menacing. She smiles to cover the fear, but her voice shakes.
speaker_heading: NINA (CONT’D)
dialog: What's wrong?
text: He turns and shuts the door behind him. He locks the lock. He
text: steps further into the room and then stops. His coat dripping
text: onto the hardwood floors.
text: Nina steps back, her voice shaking as she speaks.
speaker_heading: NINA (CONT'D)
dialog: What're you doing?
text: Her smile quickly fades.
speaker_heading: NINA (CONT’D)
dialog: What’s wrong with you?
text: He stares back at her with his bloodshot eyes. An odd glint
text: in his eye. Something isn’t right.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Why did you make me do this?
dialog: 143
dialog: 144
dialog: 145
dialog: 1l6.
scene_heading: INT. THE SPENCER HOME (BEDROOM) - DAY 143
text: Morning light pours into the bedroom. Peter hangs from a beam
text: in the ceiling. An extension cord as a noose. The body flops
text: sloppily side to side from the choppy motion of the ceiling
text: fan tangled in the cord.
text: Nina's body, bloody, lays on the floor by his feet. Her
text: lifeless eyes, open, staring up at him. Her blood splashed
text: and splattered across the walls.
text: The telephone rings as sirens blare outside and officers
text: pound and shout at the front door.
scene_heading: EXT. THE LANDERS HOUSE - DAY 144
text: The rain is relentless. There’s a hustle and bustle of
text: soaking wet Crime Scene Investigators, Police Officers, EMTs,
text: Firemen, and small town news teams scuttling about the front
text: yard of the Landers House.
text: Police tape stretched across the Landers’ front door. Peter’s
text: car at the end of the driveway roped off by more tape.
text: Detective Goodman, a cigarette balanced between his lips,
text: talks to one of the uniformed police officers outside the
text: house. He looks younger and fresher than we saw him last. He
text: nods his head, taking copious notes as the nervous young
text: officer speaks.
text: He turns and ducks under the police tape surrounding the
text: perimeter of the property. He struts with poise towards a
text: nondescript sedan parked down the street.
text: He takes one last puff of his cigarette and tosses the butt
text: to the side of the road as he opens the car door and gets in.
scene_heading: INT. WILSON’S CAR - DAY 145
text: Goodman sits down in the passenger seat. Detective Wilson,
text: looking spry and healthy sits in the drivers seat.
text: The two men sit there in the car, quietly watching intently.
text: Their eyes fixed on the house in that way that cops
text: nonchalantly stare intensely to take in every detail. Eyes
text: wandering behind dark sunglasses, surveying, assessing.
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: ID the bodies yet?
dialog: 117.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: Fiona and Melinda Landers. Mother
dialog: and daughter.
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: Locate the husband?
text: Their eyes still on the house. Wilson takes a sip of his
dialog: coffee.
speaker_heading: GCODMAN
dialog: Haven‘t been able to get a hold of
text: him yet. His car’s still parked in
dialog: the garage.
text: Wilson grimaces and smacks his lips.
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: Coffee's shit today.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: Don’t I know it,
text: There’s a casual rhythm to their rapport.
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: Cause of death?
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
text: Not yet. It’s a mess in there.
text: They sit in silence for a few moments. Still just staring out
text: at the house.
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: This connected to the bodies a few
dialog: streets over?
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: Bingo.
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: Is that why we’re here?
speaker_heading: GCODMAN
dialog: You got it.
text: Wilson sips his coffee as the rain beats down on the
dialog: windshield,
speaker_heading: GOODMAN (CONT'D)
text: Found the kid in a grave out back.
dialog: Wife all chopped up. Make’s you
dialog: think.
dialog: 118.
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: Don’t think too hard. It’1l drive
dialog: you crazy.
text: The men, deep in thought.
speaker_heading: WILSON (CONT'D)
dialog: The husband good for it?
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: Seems about right.
text: He turns to Goodman.
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: Alright, well let's go see it.
text: But Goodman's still transfixed by the house. He takes a
dialog: moment.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: You think it’s haunted?
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: You know, when this sort of thing
dialog: happens...
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: I hope to God you're kidding.
text: Wilson gets out of the car and Goodman follows.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: My mother was into all that. Raised
dialog: me superstitious.
text: They close the car doors.
text: Wilson looks at Goodman across the roof of the car.
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: Scariest things I've ever seen were
dialog: done by people.
text: He smiles,
speaker_heading: WILSON (CONT’D)
dialog: So I‘1l take my chances with the
dialog: ghosts.
dialog: 146
dialog: 119.
text: Wilson turns and heads across the street towards the house.
text: But Goodman stays by the car. He takes a cigarette from the
text: pack in his jacket pocket and calls out to Wilson.
speaker_heading: GOODMAN
dialog: I'll catch up at the precinct.
text: Wilson ducks under the police tape and laughs. He turns and
text: looks back at Goodman. Ee shakes his head. A child like smile
text: across his face.
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: They're gonna put you in a nut
dialog: house one day, you know that?
text: He laughs and continues to the house. Goodman stands at the
text: car watching him go. He stares up at the house. He knows it
dialog: doesn’t feel right.
text: Wilson walks up the front steps to the front door of the
text: Landers House. For just a second, it’s as though he can feel
text: it too, The closer and closer he gets. A strange quiet. But
text: he shakes it off and goes inside.
text: Neighbors have started to gather around the property despite
text: the rain. People in uniforms bustle in and out of the house.
scene_heading: INT. THE LANDERS HOUSE (LIVING ROOM) - DAY 146
text: EMTs carry Fiona and Melinda out of the house in body bags.
text: Wilson passes the last of them on his way into the house. He
text: steps into the entryway and looks around.
text: He walks slowly down the hallway, taking note of everything.
text: Eventually, he makes his way to the living room. Alone in the
text: house, he takes it all in.
text: He notices something across the room. Atop the mantle, sits a
text: family photo of the Landers family. He walks over and takes a
text: closer look.
text: Fiona, Melinda, and Sam. All smiling. All happy.
text: An odd quiet comes over the house. And then that horrible
text: sound. That chilling, wheezing sound...
text: That seeped from the pierced lungs and broken ribs of Fiona
text: Landers’ dying body futilely clinging to life.
text: CcuT TO BLACK.
scene_heading: TITLE CARD: THE GRUDGE
dialog: 147
dialog: 120.
speaker_heading: END CREDITS
text: End credits play over crime scene photos of the various
dialog: crimes we've seen throughout the film mixed with the family
dialog: photos of the characters we’ve come to know and love.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PBI FIELD OFFICE (CONFERENCE ROOM) - DAY 147
text: An array photos are pinned to the bulletin board on the wall.
text: Crime scene photos and photos of the deceased arranged ina
dialog: massive web. There have to be at least twenty people up there
text: on the wall. People we know. Peter and Nina. Muldoon and
text: Wilson. Lorna, Faith, and William. Fiona, Melinda, and Sam.
dialog: As well as people we don’t know. Other neighbors, EMT’s,
text: other cops. But at the center of the chaotic web of faces is
text: a picture of the house, The Landers House. 44 Reyburn Drive.
text: Two FBI agents are sitting at a table staring at the wall. It
text: looks like they’ve been doing this for hours.
speaker_heading: AGENT COLE
dialog: What if it’s the house?
speaker_heading: AGENT HORNE
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: AGENT COLE
dialog: Well, everyone who's set foot
dialog: inside that house is dead. Right
dialog: now, that’s the only thing all of
dialog: these people have in common. So
dialog: maybe it’s the house.
text: Another agent pops into the doorway with a folder.
speaker_heading: AGENT PALMER
dialog: Finally found you a match on VICAP.
dialog: Old Interpol case out of Japan. I
dialog: don't know if it’ll help, but it’s
dialog: the only similar case I could find.
text: He hands Agent Cole the folder and leaves. Cole opens the
text: file and looks at the pictures inside. A Japanese woman and
text: her son. Labelled: “KAYAKO AND TOSHIO SAEKI. TOKYO, JAPAN."
text: He flips through the pages of the file and looks up.
speaker_heading: AGENT COLE
dialog: I think something very strange is
text: going on.
text: CUT TO BLACK.
dialog: 
