dialog: FOR YOUR CONSIDERATION
dialog: aU sts
speaker_heading: GRAND
speaker_heading: MN shye
dialog: eC a8
speaker_heading: BEST ORIGINAL SCREENPLAY
dialog: Rae N aleve
dialog: Wes Anderson
dialog: Rixlaal ova
dialog: Wes Anderson and Hugo Guinness
text: THE
speaker_heading: GRAND
dialog: \WDAPES7
speaker_heading: HOTEL
speaker_heading: BEST ORIGINAL SCREENPLAY
dialog: Screenplay by
dialog: Wes Anderson
dialog: Story by
dialog: Wes Anderson and Hugo Guinness
text: © 2013 TGBH LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. NO PORTION OF THIS SCRIPT MAY BE PERFORMED,
text: PUBLISHED, REPRODUCED, SOLD OR DISTRIBUTED BY ANY MEANS, OR QUOTED OR PUBLISHED IN
text: ANY MEDIUM, INCLUDING ANY WEB SITE, WITHOUT THE PRIOR WRITTEN CONSENT OF TGBH LLC.
text: DISPOSAL OF THIS SCRIPT COPY DOES NOT ALTER ANY OF THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH ABOVE.
text: 
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY. DAY
text: The present. A graveyard in the city-center of a great
text: Eastern European capital. Frost covers the ground among
text: the stones and between rows of leafless trees. A
text: teenaged girl in a beret and trench-coat with a well-
text: read, dog-eared novel called THE GRAND BUDAPEST HOTEL
text: tucked under her arm stands facing a tarnished bust of a
text: slender, balding, spectacled old man. A bronze plaque
text: below reads, in large letters:
speaker_heading: AUTHOR
scene_heading: INSERT:
text: The plaque. There is a block of smaller text at the
dialog: bottom which states simply:
dialog: In Memory of Our National Treasure
text: All around the base of the statue, there are little
text: metal hooks with hundreds of hotel-room keys of every
dialog: age and variety from all over the world hanging from
text: them. The girl adds a new set to the tribute.
scene_heading: INT. STUDY. DAY
text: Twenty years ago. A cluttered office with French windows
text: and ornate mouldings. There are books in shelves and
text: stacks, first editions, dictionaries, dime-store paper-
text: backs, translations in numerous languages. There is a
text: typewriter on the desk and an extensive collection of
dialog: literary prizes on a bureau.
text: The author, seventy-five and identical to his sculpted
text: image, sits with his hands clasped and addresses the
text: camera:
speaker_heading: AUTHOR
dialog: It is an extremely common mistake: people
dialog: think the writer’s imagination is always
dialog: at work, that he is constantly inventing
dialog: an endless supply of incidents and
dialog: episodes, that he simply dreams-up his
dialog: stories out of thin air. In point of
dialog: fact, the opposite is true. Once the
dialog: public knows you are a writer, they bring
dialog: the characters and events to you -- and
dialog: as long as you maintain your ability to
dialog: look and carefully listen, these stories
dialog: will continue to seek you out --
text: A six-year-old boy dressed in a grey military uniform
text: with short trousers appears next to the desk and points
text: a miniature Luger pistol at the author. The author warns
dialog: him, icy:
text: 
speaker_heading: AUTHOR
dialog: Don’t do it. Don’t!
text: The boy hesitates, then fires. A yellow, plastic pellet
text: xicochets off the author’s chest and rings against a
text: whiskey glass as the author makes a violent lunge for
text: the boy -- who evades him and dashes off. The author
text: looks at a note-card and rambles a bit, searching for
dialog: his place:
speaker_heading: AUTHOR
dialog: Over your lifetime. I can’t tell you how
dialog: many times. Somebody comes up to me
dialog: (back on track)
dialog: To him who has often told the tales of
dialog: others, many tales will be told.
text: The boy returns, the gun now tucked under his belt, and
text: sits, immediately comfortable, on the author’s lap with
text: the old man’s arms wrapped around his shoulders. The
text: conflict seems never to have existed. They both look
text: into the camera as the author concludes:
speaker_heading: AUTHOR
dialog: The incidents that follow were described
dialog: to me exactly as I present them here, and
text: in a wholly unexpected way.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAIN RANGE. DAY
text: The late sixties. A stunning view from a rusty, iron-
text: lattice terrace suspended over a deep crevasse, green
text: and lush, alongside a high cascade. The author continues
text: in voice-over as the camera glides along a cracked path
text: through a plot of untamed edelweiss and buttercups:
speaker_heading: AUTHOR (V.0.)
dialog: A number of years ago, while suffering
dialog: from a mild case of “Scribe’s Fever” (a
dialog: form of neurasthenia common among the
dialog: intelligentsia of that time) I had
dialog: decided to spend the month of August in
dialog: the spa town of Nebelsbad below the
dialog: Alpine Sudetenwaltz -- and had taken up
dialog: rooms in the Grand Budapest --
text: The camera comes to a stop as it reveals a sprawling
text: nineteenth-century hotel and baths situated on a wide
text: plateau. There is a deep, formidable staircase up to a
text: regal entrance. There is a promenade above and a glass-
text: panelled conservatory below. A rickety funicular groans
text: as it slowly climbs its hillside tracks. The grass needs
dialog: cutting, the roof needs patching, and more or less every
text: surface of the building needs a coat of paint.
text: 
speaker_heading: AUTHOR (V.0.)
dialog: a picturesque, elaborate, and once
dialog: widely-celebrated establishment. I expect
dialog: some of you will know it. It was off-
dialog: season and, by that time, decidedly out-
dialog: of-fashion; and it had already begun its
dialog: descent into shabbiness and eventual
dialog: demolition.
text: 
dialog: MONTAGE:
dialog: The nine other guests of the hotel each observed from a
text: respectful distance: a frail student; a fat businessman;
text: a burly hiker with a St. Bernard; a schoolteacher with
dialog: her hair in a bun; a doctor; a lawyer; an actor; and so
dialog: on.
speaker_heading: AUTHOR (V.O.)
dialog: What few guests we were had quickly come
dialog: to recognize one another by sight as the
dialog: only living souls residing in the vast
dialog: establishment -- although I do not
dialog: believe any acquaintance among our number
dialog: had proceeded beyond the polite nods we
dialog: exchanged as we passed in the Palm Court
dialog: and the Arabian Baths and onboard the
dialog: Colonnade Funicular. We were a very
dialog: reserved group, it seemed -- and, without
dialog: exception, solitary.
text: CUT TO:
text: An enormous, half-abandoned dining room. There are two
text: hundred tables and fifty chandeliers. The ten guests
text: sit, each on his or her own, at their separate tables,
text: widely-spaced across the giant restaurant. A waiter
text: carries a tray a great distance to the schoolteacher and
text: serves her a plate of peas.
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY. EVENING
text: There are faded couches, fraying armchairs, and coffee
text: tables with new, plastic tops. The carpets are
text: threadbare, and the lighting in each area is either too
text: dim or too bright. A concierge with a crooked nose
text: smokes a cigarette as he lingers behind his desk. He is
dialog: M. Jean.
dialog: (NOTE: the staff of the hotel in both the relevant time-
dialog: periods wear similar versions of the same purple uniform
dialog: =- while the public spaces reflect a cycle of “regime
dialog: changes”.)
text: On the wall behind M. Jean, there is a beautiful,
text: Flemish painting of a pale, young boy holding a piece of
text: golden fruit. This is “Boy with Apple”. A patch of water-
text: 
text: damage above seeps dangerously close to the picture-
text: frame.
text: The author (a fictionalized version of himself) wanders
text: into the room with his hands in his pockets. He has dark
text: circles under his eyes.
speaker_heading: AUTHOR (V.0.)
dialog: Perhaps as a result of this general
dialog: silence, I had established a casual and
text: bantering familiarity with the hotel’s
dialog: concierge, a West-continental known only
dialog: as M. Jean, who struck one as being, at
dialog: once, both lazy and, really, quite
dialog: accommodating.
text: M. Jean quickly stubs out his cigarette as the author
text: approaches -- and tucks the butt into his coat pocket.
speaker_heading: AUTHOR (V.0.)
dialog: I expect he was not well-paid.
text: The author and M. Jean chat amicably as they study a
dialog: pamphlet of Alpine tourist sites.
speaker_heading: AUTHOR (V.0.)
dialog: In any case, one evening, as I stood
dialog: conferring elbow-to-elbow with M. Jean,
dialog: as had become my habit, I noticed a new
dialog: presence in our company.
text: At the far end of a colonnade, beyond Reception, a dark-
text: skinned, white-haired seventy-year-old man in a three-
text: piece-suit sits alone smoking a pipe. He is Mr. Moustafa.
speaker_heading: AUTHOR (V.0.)
text: A small, elderly man, smartly dressed,
dialog: with an exceptionally lively, intelligent
text: face -- and an immediately perceptible
text: air of sadness. He was, like the rest of
dialog: us, alone -- but also, I must say, he was
dialog: the first that struck one as being
dialog: deeply and truly, lonely. (A symptom of
dialog: my own medical condition, as well.
text: Mr. Moustafa drinks a sip of sherry. The author lowers
text: his voice and asks discreetly:
speaker_heading: AUTHOR (V.0.)
dialog: “who's this interesting, old fellow,” I
dialog: inquired of M. Jean. To my surprise, he
dialog: was distinctly taken aback. “Don’t you
dialog: know?” he asked. “Don’t you recognize
dialog: him?” He did look familiar. “That’s Mr
dialog: Moustafa himself! He arrived early this
dialog: morning.”
text: 
text: The author looks to Mr. Moustafa again. Mr. Moustafa is
text: now staring directly back at the author. The author
text: quickly looks away and examines a detail in the woodwork
text: on the ceiling.
speaker_heading: AUTHOR (V.0.)
dialog: This name will, no doubt, be familiar to
dialog: the more seasoned persons among you. Mr.
dialog: Zero Moustafa was, at one time, the
dialog: richest man in Zubrowka; and was still
dialog: indeed, the owner of the Grand Budapest.
dialog: “He often comes and stays a week or more,
dialog: three times a year, at least -- but never
dialog: in the season.” M. Jean signalled to me
dialog: and I leaned closer. “I'll tell you a
text: secret. He takes only a single-bed
dialog: sleeping-room without a bath in the rear
text: corner of the top floor -- and it’s
dialog: smaller than the service elevator!”
dialog: The author seems genuinely intrigued by this
text: information. He nods thoughtfully.
speaker_heading: AUTHOR (V.0.)
dialog: It was well-known: Moustafa had purchased
dialog: and famously inhabited some of the most
dialog: lavish castles and pallazzos on the
dialog: continent -- yet, here, in his own
dialog: nearly-empty hotel, he occupied a
dialog: servant’s quarters?
text: M,. Jean frowns. The fat businessman, sitting at a table
text: in the middle of the lobby drinking hot chocolate and
text: eating biscotti -- appears to be choking to death.
speaker_heading: AUTHOR (V.0.)
text: At that moment the curtain rose on a
dialog: parenthetical, domestic drama which
dialog: required the immediate and complete
text: attention of M. Jean —-
text: M. Jean dashes out from behind his desk. As he performs
dialog: an improvised version of the Heimlich maneuver on the
text: fat businessman, the German hiker enters the lobby with
text: his St. Bernard. The rescue dog, sensing a human in
text: distress, charges avidly, hurdling three tables and
text: jostling the dessert cart, and arrives at the fat
text: businessman's side just as a significant hunk of
text: biscotti rockets out of his mouth, into the air, and
text: lands on a saucer at the next table. M. Jean immediately
text: detaches a cask hanging from the dog’s neck, pours a
text: generous shot of brandy into a water glass, and forces
text: it down the fat businessman's throat.
text: 
speaker_heading: AUTHOR (V.0.)
dialog: -- but, frankly, did not hold mine for
dialog: long.
text: The other guests of the hotel begin to gather around the
text: gasping victim as the author makes his way into the
text: elevator. He presses a button, and the doors close.
dialog: MONTAGE:
text: The author appears pensive as he: lies in bed that night
text: staring up at the ceiling; sits in the dining room at
text: breakfast eating toast and gazing into space; and floats
text: through the conservatory ignoring flora at noon. He nods
text: to the schoolteacher sketching an orchid. She smiles and
text: nods back.
speaker_heading: AUTHOR (V.0.)
dialog: However, this premature intermission in
dialog: the story of the curious, old man had
dialog: left me, as the expression goes
dialog: gespannant wie ein Flitzebogen, that is,
dialog: on the edge of my seat -- where I
dialog: remained throughout the next morning
dialog: until, in what I have found to be its
dialog: mysterious and utterly reliable fashion:
dialog: fate, once again, intervened on my
dialog: behalf.
scene_heading: INT. SPA. DAY
text: A steamy, underground mineral baths. Miniature tiles of
text: various shapes and intricate patterns cover every inch
text: of the walls, floors, and ceiling. Distant voices echo
text: faintly through succeeding chambers.
text: A long row of identical, adjacent cubicles each contains
text: a blue tub and is tiled in a more recent, utilitarian
text: style. The author soaks in one of them. He shakes salts
text: from a carton into the water and stirs it.
text: A voice interrupts from off-screen:
speaker_heading: MR. MOUSTAFA (0.S.)
dialog: I admire your work.
text: The author hesitates. He looks around. He is not sure
text: which general direction the voice came from.
speaker_heading: AUTHOR
dialog: I beg your pardon?
speaker_heading: MR. MOUSTAFA (0.S.)
dialog: I said, I know and admire your wonderful
dialog: work.
text: 
text: There is a small splash, and Mr. Moustafa leans into
text: view from behind a partition where he himself is soaking
text: in a cubicle three tubs over. He wears a bathing cap.
text: The author sits up straight and says formally:
speaker_heading: AUTHOR
dialog: Thank you most kindly, sir.
speaker_heading: MR. MOUSTAFA
dialog: (teasing slightly)
dialog: Did M. Jean have a word or two to share
dialog: with you about the aged proprietor of
dialog: this establishment?
speaker_heading: AUTHOR
dialog: (reluctantly)
dialog: I must confess, sir, I did, myself,
dialog: inquire about you.
speaker_heading: MR. MOUSTAFA
dialog: (resigned)
dialog: He's perfectly capable, of course, M.
dialog: Jean -- but we can’t claim he’s a first-
dialog: or, in earnest, even second-rate
dialog: concierge.
dialog: (sadly)
dialog: But there it is. Times have changed.
text: The author nods, attentive. He changes the subject to
text: observe encouragingly, motioning toward the plunging
text: pool across the hall:
speaker_heading: AUTHOR
dialog: The thermal baths are very beautiful
speaker_heading: MR. MOUSTAFA
dialog: (gently)
dialog: They were, in their first condition. It
dialog: couldn’t be maintained, of course. Too
dialog: decadent for current tastes -- but I love
text: it all, just the same. This enchanting,
text: old ruin.
text: Mr. Moustafa looks wistfully around the vaulted space.
text: The author squints, holds up a finger, and asks
dialog: gingerly:
speaker_heading: AUTHOR
dialog: How did you come to buy it, if I may ask?
dialog: The Grand Budapest.
text: Pause. Mr. Moustafa disappears back behind the
text: partition. The author looks slightly puzzled. Mr.
text: Moustafa immediately reappears, but he has turned
text: himself around in the tub and is now facing the opposite
text: direction so he can more comfortably rest in view. He
text: 
text: props his elbow onto the edge of the bath. His eyes
dialog: twinkle as he says:
speaker_heading: MR. MOUSTAFA
dialog: I didn’t.
text: At this moment, one of the matrons of the hammam blasts
text: the fat, now naked, businessman with a jet of icy water.
text: He hollers as he is sprayed-down. Silence.
text: Mr. Moustafa and the author look back to each other.
text: Each has raised an eyebrow. They both smile slightly.
speaker_heading: MR. MOUSTAFA
dialog: If you're not merely being polite (and
dialog: you must tell me if that’s the case), but
dialog: if it genuinely does interest you: may I
dialog: invite you to dine with me tonight, and
dialog: it will be my pleasure and, indeed, my
dialog: privilege to tell you -- “my” story. Such
dialog: as it is.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM. NIGHT
text: The enormous restaurant as before -- but now one of the
text: tables has been set for two and is occupied by the
text: author and Mr. Moustafa. The nine other guests watch,
dialog: curious, from their usual spots
text: Mr. Moustafa stares at the wine list as he rattles off a
dialog: robust order (oysters, soup, rabbit, fowl, lamb). “Boy
text: with Apple” is on the cover of the menu. The waiter
text: departs.
speaker_heading: MR. MOUSTAFA
dialog: That should provide us ample time -- if I
dialog: commence promptly.
speaker_heading: AUTHOR
dialog: By all means.
text: Another waiter arrives to uncork a split of champagne
text: and pours a thimbleful. Mr. Moustafa tastes it and nods.
text: The waiter pours two, full coupes. They each drink a
text: long sip. Finally, Mr. Moustafa settles in:
speaker_heading: MR. MOUSTAFA
dialog: It begins, as it must, with our mutual
dialog: friend’s predecessor. The beloved,
dialog: original concierge of the Grand Budapest.
dialog: (with deep affection)
text: It begins, of course, with --
text: 
text: TITLE:
dialog: Part 1: “M. Gustave”
scene_heading: INT. SITTING ROOM. DAY
text: The early thirties. A double-reception salon with high
text: ceilings and two couches. There are six trunks and eight
text: suitcases arranged neatly at the side of the room. Each
text: is painted with the initials Mdm. C.V.D.u.T. Outside, a
text: light snow falls.
text: A tall, blond, forty-year-old concierge stands patiently
text: alone surveying the room. He is tranquil, perfectly
text: composed, waiting. He wears the faintest hint of
dialog: mascara. He is M. Gustave.
text: M. Gustave crosses swiftly to the door and opens it just
text: as a contingent of hotel staff arrives together from
text: down the corridor. There are two waiters, two footmen,
text: two bellboys, and an Arab teenager, small, cheerful, and
text: alert, who appears to be some kind of page. He is Zero.
text: One of the waiters carries a table, and one carries a
text: breakfast tray. M. Gustave ushers them in:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
text: Bring the table to the window.
speaker_heading: FIRST WAITER
dialog: Yes, M. Gustave.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Bring the tray to the table.
speaker_heading: SECOND WAITER
dialog: Right away, M. Gustave.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: (pointing to two hats)
dialog: Have those been brushed and blocked?
speaker_heading: FOOTMAN
dialog: Of course, M. Gustave.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Pack them in the hat boxes.
dialog: (pointing to a shopping bag)
dialog: Is that from Oberstdorf and Company?
speaker_heading: BELLBOY
dialog: I believe so, M. Gustave.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Second trunk. Who has the tickets?
dialog: 10.
text: Zero raises his hand.
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: I do, M. Gustave.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Give them to me.
text: Zero hands M. Gustave a set of train tickets. M. Gustave
text: studies them carefully. He nods and points.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: These are in order. Wait in the corner.
text: Zero retreats. M. Gustave strides to the bedroom door,
text: raps on it briefly, then swings it open.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Good morning, Madame. Your breakfast is
text: served. The sitting room is a battlefield
dialog: at the moment, but rest assured, you will
dialog: be en route in precisely --
dialog: (checks his watch)
dialog: eleven minutes. You look heavenly.
dialog: Pray be seated.
text: 
text: An immaculately-dressed, eighty-year-old woman emerges
text: from the bedroom, nimble, brisk -- and highly agitated.
text: She is Madame D. She is followed by two young women, a
text: lady’s maid and a private secretary, who quickly join
text: the hubbub fidgeting with trunks and rushing to-and-fro
text: preparing for their departure.
text: M. Gustave waits for Madame D. to sit, then joins her;
text: at which point, she immediately leans across to him and
text: says in a gravely serious, urgent whisper:
speaker_heading: MADAME D.
dialog: I’m not leaving.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: (puzzled)
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: MADAME D.
dialog: I’m frightened.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Of what?
speaker_heading: MADAME D.
dialog: I feel this may be the last time we ever
dialog: see each other.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Why on earth would that be the case?
dialog: ll.
speaker_heading: MADAME D.
dialog: I can’t put it into words -- but I feel
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Well, for goodness’ sake, there’s no
dialog: reason for you to leave us if --
speaker_heading: MADAME D.
dialog: Is there a priest in the hotel?
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Of course, not.
speaker_heading: MADAME D.
dialog: There should be. I’ve always said so.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Well, I've always profoundly disagreed.
dialog: The Grand Budapest is no place for
dialog: clergy.
speaker_heading: MADAME D.
dialog: Come with me.
text: M. Gustave hesitates slightly. He gestures to the
text: tickets and speculates in disbelief:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: To Lutz?
speaker_heading: MADAME D.
dialog: (desperately)
dialog: Please.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: (wildly frustrated)
dialog: How can I? With this enormous rock-pile
text: around my neck like an albatross.
dialog: (taking charge)
dialog: Tell me right now -- wholly,
dialog: specifically, and without abbreviation:
dialog: what's troubling you?
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: Are you weeping?
text: Tears have begun to stream down Madame D’s cheeks. M.
text: Gustave produces a dazzling pink handkerchief and dries
text: her eyes. The old woman takes a deep breath.
speaker_heading: MADAME D.
dialog: Let us pray.
text: Madame D. closes her eyes, lowers her chin, and crosses
text: herself. M. Gustave reluctantly follows suit. Silence.
text: Madame D. snaps one eye back open suddenly:
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: MADAME D.
dialog: Well?
speaker_heading: M,. GUSTAVE
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: You want me to do it?
speaker_heading: MADAME D.
dialog: (with authority)
dialog: If you don’t mind.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: (instantly)
dialog: Dear heavenly Father, please, protect our
text: cherished guest as she travels through
dialog: snow and sleet and under shadow of
dialog: darkness. Guide her in the night to her
dialog: final destination. Indeed, whatever
dialog: luxury she may require, be it small or
dialog: more extravagant, please, do grant
text: 
speaker_heading: MADAME D.
dialog: (now with both eyes open)
dialog: That’s not a proper prayer.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Give me your hand.
text: Madame D. does so. M. Gustave firmly clasps it. He says
text: in an affectionate, reassuring, patronizing voice:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: You've nothing to fear. You're always
dialog: anxious before you travel. I admit you
dialog: appear to be suffering a more acute
dialog: attack on this occasion, but, truly and
dialog: honestly --
dialog: (suddenly taken aback)
dialog: Dear God. What’ve you done to your
dialog: fingernails?
text: Madame D. wears an understated, pale-pink polish. She
text: stiffens.
speaker_heading: MADAME D.
dialog: I beg your pardon?
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: This diabolical varnish. The color’s
dialog: completely wrong.
speaker_heading: MADAME D.
dialog: (slightly uncertain)
dialog: Really? You don’t like it?
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: It’s not that I don’t like it. I’m
text: physically repulsed.
dialog: (checks his watch again)
dialog: Time to go!
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR. DAY
text: The procession of trunks, cases, and assistants goes in
dialog: one direction, and M. Gustave, Madame D, and Zero
dialog: (carrying a small leather jewel case) go in the other.
text: CUT TO:
text: The elevator on its way down. M. Gustave sits with
text: Madame D. (now wearing gloves) on a velvet-upholstered
text: bench. She clutches his arm and looks deeply concerned.
text: Zero stands at attention with the jewel case alongside a
dialog: veteran elevator operator.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Perhaps this will soothe you.
speaker_heading: MADAME D.
dialog: (alarmed)
dialog: What? Don’t recite.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Just listen to the words.
speaker_heading: MADAME D.
dialog: (anxious )
dialog: Please. Not now.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Hush!
dialog: (declaiming gently)
dialog: “While questing once in noble wood of
dialog: grey, medieval pine, I came upon a tomb
text: rain-slick’d, rubbed-cool, ethereal; its
dialog: inscription long-vanished, yet still
dialog: within its melancholy fissures --”"
text: Madame D. sighs deeply yet does seem to calm somewhat as
text: she accepts the inevitability of these stanzas.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT ENTRANCE. DAY
text: The trunks are piled on the roof of a long, silver
text: limousine. More suitcases stick out of the rumble seat
dialog: (along with the two bellboys). Madame D. and her
text: secretary sit inside the car. M. Gustave reaches in the
text: window and tightens a fur stole around Madame D’s
text: shoulders.
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: MADAME D.
dialog: Will you light a candle for me, please?
dialog: In the sacristy at Santa Maria.
text: Madame D. digs a five Klubeck coin out of her handbag
text: and presses it into M. Gustave’s hand. He accepts it:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: I'll see to it myself immediately.
dialog: (saintly)
dialog: Remember: I’m always with you.
text: M. Gustave begins to withdraw, but Madame D. grips his
text: shoulder tightly. She whispers, sincere and impassioned,
dialog: what she fears will be their last communication:
speaker_heading: MADAME D.
dialog: I love you.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: (as if to a child)
dialog: I love you.
dialog: (barking at the driver)
dialog: Abfahren!
text: The driver hits the gas. M. Gustave watches as the
text: vehicle races away, spitting ice-chips off the packed
text: snow. Zero lingers outside the front door. M. Gustave
text: says with discreet pride as he continues to stare off
text: down the road into the village of Nebelsbad:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: It’s quite a thing winning the loyalty of
dialog: a woman like that for nineteen
dialog: consecutive seasons.
text: Zero hesitates -- uncertain that he is, in fact, being
dialog: addressed. He ventures:
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: She’s very fond of me, you know.
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: I’ve never seen her like that before.
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: No, sir.
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: (mildly concerned)
text: She was shaking like a shitting dog.
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: (unfamiliar with the expression)
dialog: Truly.
text: M. Gustave holds out the five Klubeck coin, still
text: staring off into the distance, and says rapidly though
dialog: distracted:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Run to the cathedral of Santa Maria
dialog: Christiana in Brucknerplatz. Buy one of
text: the plain, half-length candles and take
dialog: back four Klubecks in change. Light it in
dialog: the sacristy, say a brief rosary, then go
dialog: to Mendl’s and get me a Courtesan au
dialog: chocolat. If there’s any money left, give
dialog: it to the crippled shoe-shine boy.
text: M. Gustave points to a blind child in leg braces
text: crouched at the top of the funicular tracks. The boy
text: whistles a war march while he polishes a man’s boots.
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: Right away, sir.
text: Zero nods briskly and takes the coin. M. Gustave looks
text: squarely at him for the first time.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Hold it.
text: Zero freezes, poised to dash off. M. Gustave frowns
text: slightly. He says finally, pointing:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: (stammering)
dialog: Zero, sir. The new Lobby Boy.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: (mystified)
dialog: Zero, you say?
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Well, I’ve never heard of you. I’ve never
dialog: laid eyes on you. Who hired you?
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: (worried)
dialog: Mr. Mosher, sir.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: Mr. Mosher!
text: M. Gustave snaps his fingers. A man with neat, oily hair
text: and a thin moustache briskly approaches. He is Mr.
dialog: Mosher.
speaker_heading: MR. MOSHER
dialog: Yes, M. Gustave?
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Am I to understand you've surreptitiously
dialog: hired this young man in the position of a
dialog: Lobby Boy?
speaker_heading: MR. MOSHER
dialog: He’s been engaged for a trial period --
dialog: pending your approval, of course.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: (vaguely remembering)
dialog: Perhaps. Thank you, Mr. Mosher.
speaker_heading: MR. MOSHER
dialog: You’re most welcome, M. Gustave
text: M. Gustave looks back to Zero. He says ominously:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: You're now going to be officially
dialog: interviewed.
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY. DAY
text: M. Gustave strides through the front doors. Zero is
text: quickly at his heels, terrified. M. Gustave withdraws a
text: small note-book from his pocket as they walk. Zero asks,
dialog: uncertain:
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: Should I go and light the candle first?
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: (not sure what he means)
dialog: What? No.
dialog: (starting the interview)
dialog: Experience?
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: (anxious, very formal)
dialog: Hotel Kinski, Kitchen Boy, six months.
dialog: Hotel Berlitz, Mop and Broom Boy, three
dialog: months. Before that I was a Skillet
text: Scrubber in the banquet hall at --
speaker_heading: M,. GUSTAVE
dialog: (noting this)
dialog: Experience: zero.
text: At this moment, a criss-crossing group of people
text: simultaneously engage M. Gustave all at once. They are:
text: aman in a finely-tailored business suit with a pair of
text: opera tickets in his hand, a doorman in a long coat
text: holding a bouquet of white roses, and a tiny bellboy.
dialog: (This is Anatole.)
speaker_heading: HOTEL GUEST NO.1
dialog: Thank you again, M. Gustave.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: (curtly to Anatole)
dialog: Straighten that cap, Anatole.
dialog: (warmly to the hotel guest)
dialog: The pleasure is mine, Herr Schneider.
speaker_heading: ANATOLE
dialog: (working on it)
dialog: The damn strap’s busted.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: (studying the roses)
dialog: These are not acceptable.
speaker_heading: DOORMAN
dialog: I agree, M. Gustave.
text: Suddenly, M. Gustave and Zero are alone again. M.
text: Gustave resumes his interrogation as they proceed across
text: the carpet:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Education?
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: (worried)
dialog: I studied reading and spelling. I
dialog: completed my primary school certificate.
dialog: I almost started --
speaker_heading: M,. GUSTAVE
dialog: (noting this)
dialog: Education: zero.
dialog: 18.
text: A second criss-crossing group of people now engage M.
text: Gustave. This time: a very old washroom attendant
text: carrying a monkey-wrench, the head waiter wearing an
text: apron and waving a menu, and a woman of a certain age in
text: a beautifully-embroidered dress with a small dachshund
text: cradled in her arms.
speaker_heading: WASHROOM ATTENDANT
dialog: Now it’s exploded.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: (sweetly to the dachshund)
dialog: Good morning, Cicero.
dialog: (coldly to the washroom attendant)
dialog: Call the goddamn plumber.
speaker_heading: HOTEL GUEST NO.2
dialog: (flirtatious)
dialog: This afternoon, M. Gustave?
speaker_heading: HEAD WAITER
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: What in the hell is this?
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: (equally flirtatious
dialog: Without fail, Frau Liebling.
dialog: (sharply to the head waiter)
dialog: Not now!
text: The second interruption ends. M. Gustave continues:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Family?
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: (long pause)
dialog: Zero.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: (noting this)
dialog: I see.
text: M. Gustave leads Zero through a rotunda, below a grand,
text: winding staircase, and back into the elevator. He closes
text: his note-book. The elevator operator awaits instruction.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Six.
text: The elevator operator throws a lever and they begin to
text: ascend. M. Gustave locks eyes with Zero.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Why do you want to be a Lobby Boy?
dialog: 19.
text: The elevator operator casts a side-ways look. Zero
text: searches for the honest answer -- then finds it:
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: Well, who wouldn't -- at the Grand
dialog: Budapest, sir? It’s an institution.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: (deeply impressed)
dialog: Very good.
scene_heading: INT. SITTING ROOM. DAY
text: M. Gustave and Zero re-enter Madame D’s suite. M.
text: Gustave walks directly over to a pedestal where an
text: envelope waits tucked beneath a vase. He tears it open
text: and withdraws a letter and a stack of bills folded in
text: half. He counts the money and says coolly:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: A thousand Klubecks.
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: (astonished)
dialog: My goodness.
text: M. Gustave skims the letter. He holds it up for Zero to
text: see. There is a lipstick-kiss at the bottom of the text.
text: Zero is unsure how to interpret this. M. Gustave raises
text: his eyebrows and tucks the note and the bills inside his
text: jacket. His eyes glaze over in a moment of reverie. He
text: sighs. Zero makes a sudden realization:
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: Were you ever a Lobby Boy, sir?
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: (bristling but playful)
dialog: What do you think?
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: (speculative)
dialog: Well, I suppose you had to start --
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Go light the goddamn candle.
text: TITLE:
dialog: One Month Later
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY. DAY
text: The crowded room buzzes in all corners. Zero circulates
text: among tables and sofas holding up a folded telegram
text: while he calls out a name, searching. A military officer
dialog: 20.
text: in a grey uniform hails him, and Zero dashes over to
dialog: deliver the missive.
speaker_heading: MR. MOUSTAFA (V.O.)
dialog: And so, my life began. Junior Lobby Boy
dialog: (in-training), Grand Budapest Hotel
dialog: under the strict command of M. Gustave H.
dialog: I became his pupil, and he was to be my
dialog: counselor and guardian.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE (V.0.)
dialog: (rhetorical)
dialog: What is a Lobby Boy?
dialog: MONTAGE:
text: Zero pushes an old man in a wheelchair. Zero arranges a
text: white bouquet. Zero replaces dirty ashtrays, rearranges
text: furniture, and shields a large woman with a toothpick
text: from view as she excavates between her teeth.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE (V.0.)
text: A Lobby Boy is completely invisible, yet
text: always in sight. A Lobby Boy remembers
text: what people hate. A Lobby Boy anticipates
dialog: the client’s needs before the needs are
dialog: needed. A Lobby Boy, above all, is
dialog: discreet, to a fault.
text: CUT TO:
text: M. Gustave, accompanied by Zero, advancing down a
text: corridor at high velocity. On the floor next to each
text: door they pass, a pair of shoes waits to be polished.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Our guests’ know their deepest secrets,
dialog: some of which are, frankly, rather
dialog: unseemly, will go with us to our graves --
dialog: so keep your mouth shut, Zero.
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: M. Gustave stops at the end of the hallway in front of a
text: door labelled KAISER FREDERICK SUITE. He says to Zero:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: That’s all for now.
text: Zero hesitates for an instant, then nods and reverses
text: rapidly away. M. Gustave withdraws a ring of pass-keys
text: from his pocket. He looks up and down the corridor
text: furtively.
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: MR. MOUSTAFA (V.0.)
dialog: I began to realize that many of the
dialog: hotel’s most valued and distinguished
dialog: guests -- came for him.
text: Zero looks back briefly over his shoulder as he starts
text: down the staircase and sees M. Gustave slip into the
text: suite. The door locks.
speaker_heading: MR. MOUSTAFA (V.O.)
dialog: It seemed to be an essential part of his
dialog: duties, but I believe it was also his
dialog: pleasure.
dialog: MONTAGE:
text: A succession of dames of varying grandeurs seen téte-a-
text: téte with M. Gustave: a sixty-year-old Russian chats
text: with him in the tea salon; a sixty-five-year-old German
text: strolls with him on the promenade; a seventy-year-old
text: Argentinian shares a cigarette with him naked in her
text: bed; a seventy-five-year-old Englishwoman washes his
text: back in her bath; and an eighty-year-old Austrian
text: wearing a hair-net and a nightgown gives him a blow-job
text: while he watches in the mirror and eats grapes. There is
text: a platinum wig on a stand on the dressing table.
speaker_heading: MR. MOUSTAFA (V.0.)
dialog: The requirements were always the same
dialog: They had to be: rich, old, insecure,
dialog: vain, superficial, blonde, needy
text: CUT TO:
text: Mr. Moustafa and the author at their dinner table. The
text: remains of a rabbit tart are replaced by a sizeable,
text: roasted pheasant as the author gently inquires:
speaker_heading: AUTHOR
dialog: Why blonde?
speaker_heading: MR. MOUSTAFA
dialog: (after a moment’s reflection)
dialog: Because they all were.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR. DAY
text: M. Gustave, somewhat tousled, with lipstick on his
text: cheek, stands waiting to arrive at his floor. He checks
text: the railings for dust. The car stops and the elevator
text: operator opens the gate. M. Gustave exits with a curt
text: nod. A middle-aged couple enter
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: MR. MOUSTAFA (V.O.)
dialog: He was, by the way, the most liberally
dialog: perfumed man I had ever encountered. The
text: scent announced his approach from a great
dialog: distance and lingered for many minutes
dialog: after he was gone.
text: As the elevator descends, the middle-aged couple sniffs
text: the air. The man looks irritated. The woman swoons
text: slightly.
scene_heading: INT. STAFF QUARTERS. MORNING
text: Zero wakes up in the pitch black in a tiny room smaller
text: than a service elevator, turns on the light, springs to
text: his feet dressed in white pajamas with short trousers,
text: splashes water from a bowl onto his face, then quickly
text: dampens and combs his hair. His uniform hangs neatly
text: from a peg on the wall. He carefully grooms it with a
text: clothes-brush.
speaker_heading: MR. MOUSTAFA (V.O.)
dialog: I worked six days each week plus a half-
dialog: day Sunday, five a.m. until just after
dialog: midnight. Our meals were small but
dialog: frequent (for stamina): two breakfasts,
dialog: two lunches, and a late supper. M.
dialog: Gustave also delivered a nightly sermon:
scene_heading: INT. MESS HALL. NIGHT
text: The evening meal. Most of the hotel staff occupy a long
text: table set for fifty. A thin, grey broth is served with
text: boiled potatoes. M. Gustave starts at a little podium,
text: then paces back and forth in front of it as he addresses
text: the group. They begin to eat hungrily -- but, at the
text: same time, they continue to listen, attentive and
dialog: respectful:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Rudeness is merely the expression of
dialog: fear. People fear they won’t get what
dialog: they want. The most dreadful and
dialog: unattractive person: only needs to be
dialog: loved -- and they will open-up like a
dialog: flower. I’m reminded of a verse
dialog: (reciting)
dialog: “The painter’s brush touched the inchoate
text: face by ends of nimble bristles -- and,
dialog: with that blush of first color, rendered
dialog: her lifeless cheek, living; though
dialog: languish --"
text: As the poetry begins, some of the diners’ eye glaze over
text: and there are faint sighs. Mr. Moustafa continues his
text: narration:
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: MR. MOUSTAFA (V.O.)
dialog: His own dinner, he took alone in his
dialog: room.
text: CUT TO:
text: M. Gustave seated at a folding table in a room nearly
text: identical to Zero’s but with a connecting sitting room
text: and kitchenette. He wears his uniform trousers and a
text: white undershirt. He eats a bowl of cereal while
text: listening to classical music on a radio-set.
dialog: There are approximately twenty-five identical bottles of
text: cologne on a shelf above the sink in the background.
dialog: Each is labelled L’air de Panache, Pure Musk.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT ENTRANCE. DAY
text: A large sedan with tire-chains arrives through the snow
text: and parks in front of the hotel. A sign next to five
text: stars on the side of the hood reads: Grand Budapest
text: Hotel. One of the back doors opens, and a tall man in a
text: double-breasted suit emerges. He carries a briefcase and
text: wears a pointy beard. He is Deputy Kovacs. He hurries to
text: the top of the steps where M. Gustave waits to greet
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: MR. MOUSTAFA (V.O.)
dialog: The identity of the owner of the hotel
dialog: was unknown to all of us. Each month, his
dialog: emissary, known as Deputy Kovacs, arrived
dialog: to review the books and convey messages
dialog: on behalf of the mysterious proprietor.
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY. DAY
text: Zero, substituting at the concierge desk, looks up to a
text: high window across the room where the shadowy figures of
text: M. Gustave and Deputy Kovacs meet in a storage pantry. A
text: clerk with a pot-belly flips the pages in a ledger-book
text: and takes notes. He is Herr Becker.
speaker_heading: MR. MOUSTAFA (V.0.)
dialog: On these occasions, M. Gustave and our
dialog: business manager, Herr Becker, met with
dialog: him in private consultation above
dialog: Reception.
text: CUT TO:
text: A plain, graceful, seventeen-year-old beanpole with
text: freckles and a birthmark the shape of Mexico on the side
text: of her face. She is Agatha. She works a rolling-pin over
text: a wide expanse of flattened pastry-dough. There are
text: carts circled around her filled with trays of
dialog: exceptionally well-made, beautifully-decorated pastries
dialog: 24.
dialog: shaped like hour-glass figures. (These are Courtesans au
dialog: chocolat.)
speaker_heading: MR. MOUSTAFA (V.O.)
dialog: This was also when I met Agatha --
text: Agatha pauses to dry the perspiration on her brow with
text: the back of her sleeve. She resumes her rolling.
scene_heading: EXT. BAKERY. DAY
text: The timber-frame store-front of a tiny patisserie. A
text: large sign painted in delicate, pink cursive across the
text: glass reads: Mendl’s. There is a heavy-set baker in an
text: apron with flour all over every inch of himself standing
text: in the doorway. He is Herr Mendl.
text: Agatha rides a rickety bicycle up the alley next to the
text: shop and rings a bell as she turns onto the cobblestone
text: lane. She bears a milkmaid’s yoke balanced across her
text: shoulders overloaded with sixty small, pink pastry-boxes
text: tied with string.
text: CUT TO:
text: Agatha gripping the handlebars as she bounces pedalling
text: down the road.
speaker_heading: MR. MOUSTAFA (V.O.)
dialog: -- but we won't discuss that.
text: TITLE:
dialog: Part
text: 
dialog: : “Madame C.V.D.u.T.”
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN SQUARE. MORNING
text: Dawn. The platz in the center of Nebelsbad is deserted.
text: Zero emerges briskly from a press kiosk carrying a thick
text: stack of newspapers. He looks down, scanning headlines,
text: as he crosses the street.
text: Zero stops. His eyes are glued to one of the articles.
text: He skims it. He quickly re-reads it twice more. His
text: mouth falls open.
text: Zero bolts off at a sprint.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT ENTRANCE. MORNING
text: Zero races up the steps into the hotel carrying the
text: stack of newspapers.
dialog: 25.
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY. MORNING
text: Zero dashes past Reception carrying the stack of
dialog: newspapers.
scene_heading: INT. ROTUNDA. MORNING
text: Zero mounts the staircase three steps at a time carrying
text: the stack of newspapers.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR. MORNING
text: Zero speed-walks to the end of the hallway and stops in
text: front of a door labelled PRINCE HEINRICH SUITE. A sign
text: on the knob reads: Do Not Disturb. Zero hesitates, then
text: knocks. Pause. The door opens a crack and an irritated
text: M. Gustave in a purple, silk dressing gown looks out.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: (a frantic whisper)
dialog: Look.
text: Zero holds up the stack of newspapers. M. Gustave picks
text: one off the top and studies it.
scene_heading: INSERT:
text: The front page of the Trans-Alpine Yodel. The headline
dialog: is, “Will There Be War? Tanks at Frontier” -- but a
text: column below the fold reads:
dialog: Dowager Countess Found Dead in Boudoir
text: A photograph shows Madame D’s corpse flat on her back on
text: a white carpet.
text: As M. Gustave reads the article, he says gravely:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Dear God.
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: (sadly)
dialog: I’m terribly sorry, sir.
speaker_heading: M,. GUSTAVE
dialog: (melodramatic but pained)
dialog: We must go to her.
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: We must?
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Tout de suite. She needs me -- and I need
dialog: you: to help me with my bags and so on.
text: An old woman's voice calls from the next room,
dialog: coquettish:
speaker_heading: FRENCH LADY (0.S.)
dialog: Tout va bien, ma cherie?
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: Attendez-moi, darling.
dialog: (to Zero:)
dialog: How fast can you pack?
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: (short pause)
dialog: Five minutes.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Do it -- and bring a bottle of the
text: Pouilly-Jouvé ‘26 in an ice-bucket with
dialog: two glasses so we don’t have to drink the
dialog: cat-piss they serve in the dining car.
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: M. Gustave slams the door, and Zero dashes away down the
text: corridor.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN COMPARTMENT. DAY
text: A first-class state-room on the express to Lutz. The
text: snowy foot-hills of the Zubrowkian Alps whiz by outside.
text: M. Gustave and Zero each hold a glass of chilled white
text: wine. There are tears in M. Gustave’s eyes.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: I blame myself.
text: M. Gustave checks the color of the wine in the light. It
dialog: is excellent.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: She tried to tell me she had a
dialog: premonition. I didn’t listen.
dialog: (imagining the scene)
dialog: All of Lutz will be dressed in black --
dialog: except her own ghastly, deceitful
dialog: children whom she loathed and couldn't
dialog: bear to kiss hello. They’1l be dancing
dialog: like gypsies.
dialog: 27.
text: Zero nods soberly. M. Gustave becomes philosophical/
dialog: nihilistic:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: There’s really no point in doing anything
dialog: in life, because it’s all over in the
text: blink of an eye -- and, the next thing
dialog: you know, rigor mortis sets in. Oh, how
dialog: the good die young! With any luck, she’s
dialog: left a few Klubecks for your old friend --
dialog: (motioning to himself)
dialog: =- but one never knows until the ink is
dialog: dry on the death certificate. She was
text: dynamite in the sack, by the way.
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: (scandalized in spite of himself)
dialog: She was eighty-four, M. Gustave!
speaker_heading: M,. GUSTAVE
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I’ve had older.
text: M. Gustave throws back the rest of his glass and refills
text: it as he expands on the point:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: When you're young, it’s all filet-steak,
dialog: but as the years go by, you have to move
dialog: on to the cheaper cuts -- which is fine
dialog: with me, because I like those. More
dialog: flavorful, or so they say.
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Why are we stopping at a barley field?
text: The train has, in fact, come to a halt in the middle of
text: nowhere. Noises echo from the other end of the coach: a
text: door slams open; loud voices argue; heavy footsteps
text: approach.
text: Three soldiers appear in the compartment doorway. They
text: are stocky, thick-necked, and armed with carbine rifles.
dialog: They wear grey uniforms and long coats. M. Gustave says
text: with an air of fancy-meeting-you-here:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Well, hello there, chaps.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER #1
dialog: (blankly)
dialog: Documents, please.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: With pleasure.
dialog: 28.
text: M. Gustave withdraws his passport from his coat pocket
text: and presents it to the soldier. The soldier begins to
text: flip through it. M. Gustave gestures toward the
text: photograph of himself:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: It’s not a very flattering portrait, I’m
dialog: afraid. I was once considered a great
dialog: beauty.
text: The soldier ignores this comment. M. Gustave peers at
text: the breast-pocket of his uniform.
scene_heading: INSERT:
text: A name tag pinned below a military badge. It reads: Cpl.
dialog: F. Miller.
text: M. Gustave raises an eyebrow and asks pointedly:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: What’s the “F” stand for? Fritz? Franz.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER #1
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: Franz.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: (exceedingly pleased)
dialog: I knew it!
text: The soldier returns the passport to M. Gustave and looks
text: to Zero. Zero nervously hands him a creased and tattered
text: little scrap of paper covered with stamps and seals. The
text: soldier frowns and studies it. M. Gustave smiles,
dialog: uneasy, and says lightly:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
text: He’s making a funny face.
dialog: (to the soldier)
dialog: That’s a Migratory Visa with Stage Three
dialog: Worker Status, Franz, darling. He’s with
dialog: me.
text: The soldier shows the scrap of paper to his associates.
text: They confer rapidly at a whisper. There is some debate.
text: Finally, the soldier waves for Zero to follow him:
speaker_heading: SOLDIER #1
dialog: Come outside, please.
text: Zero swallows hard and begins to rise -- but M. Gustave
text: motions sharply for him to stop. He says, a bit stern:
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Now wait a minute.
dialog: (to Zero)
dialog: Sit Down, Zero.
dialog: (to the soldiers)
text: His papers are in order. I cross-
dialog: referenced them myself with the Bureau of
dialog: Labor and Servitude. You can’t arrest him
dialog: simply because he’s a bloody immigrant.
dialog: He hasn’t done anything wrong.
text: The soldier hesitates. He turns to his associates again.
text: They look back at him, expressionless. The soldier grabs
text: Zero by the arm and jerks him out of his seat. M.
text: Gustave is instantly on his feet, tussling
speaker_heading: M,. GUSTAVE
dialog: Stop it! Stop, damn you!
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: (in disbelief)
dialog: Never mind, M. Gustave! Let them proceed!
text: M. Gustave is slammed and held against one wall while
text: Zero is pounded into another. M. Gustave shouts and
text: struggles.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: What are you doing? That hurts
text: In two seconds: both M. Gustave and Zero are locked in
text: hand-cuffs with their arms behind their backs. At this
text: point, M. Gustave explodes:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: You filthy, goddamn, pock-marked, fascist
dialog: assholes!
dialog: (in a pure rage:)
dialog: Take your hands off my Lobby Boy!
text: M,. Gustave and Zero lock eyes across the fracas. In an
text: instant: they are brothers. A new voice shouts from the
text: end of the corridor:
speaker_heading: HENCKELS (0.S.)
dialog: What's the problem?
text: All the soldiers snap to attention as a young officer
text: appears in the doorway. He is well-groomed and clean-
text: shaven. He wears a dress-grey uniform with a cape. He is
text: Henckels. The first soldier hands him the scrap of paper
text: and starts to explain the situation -- but M. Gustave
text: interrupts calmly with blood trickling from his nose:
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
text: This is outrageous. The young man works
dialog: for me at the Grand Budapest Hotel in
dialog: Nebelsbad.
text: Henckels turns suddenly to M. Gustave. He stares. He
dialog: says in a quiet voice:
speaker_heading: HENCKELS
dialog: M. Gustave?
text: M. Gustave looks at Henckels, curious. He nods slowly.
text: HENCKELS:
dialog: My name is Henckels. I’m the son of Dr.
dialog: and Mrs. Wolfgang Henckels-Bergersdérfer.
dialog: Do you remember me?
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: I know exactly who you are. It’s uncanny.
dialog: You're little Albert.
speaker_heading: HENCKELS
dialog: I’m terribly embarrassed.
dialog: (to the soldiers)
dialog: Release them.
text: The soldiers immediately remove the hand-cuffs from both
text: M. Gustave and Zero while Henckels takes out a note-book
text: and begins to scribble something onto a yellow ticket.
text: M. Gustave sits down and presses his pink handkerchief
text: onto his nostril. Henckels says as he writes:
speaker_heading: HENCKELS
dialog: Your colleague is stateless. He’ll need
dialog: to apply for a revised Special Transit
dialog: Permit, which, honestly, at this point,
dialog: may be very difficult to acquire. Take
dialog: this.
text: Henckels finishes writing, tears the ticket out of his
text: note-book, and hands it to M. Gustave.
speaker_heading: HENCKELS
dialog: It's temporary, but it’s the best I can
dialog: offer, I’m afraid.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: How's your wonderful mother?
speaker_heading: HENCKELS
dialog: very well, thank you.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: I adore her. Send my love.
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: HENCKELS
dialog: I will.
text: Henckels motions politely for Zero to return to his seat
text: and hands the scrap of paper back to him. Zero tucks it
text: carefully into an envelope. His hands are shaking.
dialog: Henckels says gently:
speaker_heading: HENCKELS
dialog: Your companion was very kind to me when I
dialog: was a lonely little boy.
dialog: (to both M. Gustave and Zero)
dialog: My men and I apologize for disturbing
dialog: you.
text: Henckels turns coldly to the first soldier. He looks
text: sheepish. He says, robotic, to M. Gustave:
speaker_heading: SOLDIER #1
dialog: I beg your pardon, sir.
text: Henckels and the soldiers immediately leave the
text: compartment, march down the corridor, and exit the
dialog: coach. Silence.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: You see? There are still faint glimmers
dialog: of civilization left in this barbaric
dialog: slaughterhouse that was once known as
dialog: humanity. Indeed, that’s what we
dialog: provide in our own modest, humble,
dialog: insignificant --
dialog: (sighs deeply)
dialog: Oh, fuck it.
text: M. Gustave looks out the window as the train begins to
text: move again. Zero appears to be in a state of numb shock.
dialog: MONTAGE:
text: The cosmopolitan city of Lutz in the dead of night. A
text: xickity Daimler taxi sputters along a winding
text: cobblestone road at top speed. It squeezes up a narrow
text: lane lined with shops. All are closed and shuttered. It
text: dips into a tunnel through a brick building. It crosses
text: a stone bridge high over a river. It drives through an
text: iron gate, circles around a garden, and skids to a stop
text: next to Madame D’s limousine.
text: Up a short path, there is an enormous mansion.
scene_heading: INT. FOYER. DAY
text: A bell rings. Feet clack and echo on the wide marble
text: floor. A maid in black hurries to open the front door.
text: She is Clotilde. M. Gustave and Zero enter the vestibule
dialog: 32.
text: while the taxi waits outside. M. Gustave kisses Clotilde
text: on both cheeks and says immediately:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Where is she, Clotilde? Take me to her.
text: Clotilde leads M. Gustave with Zero in tow through a
text: series of doors, en fillade, until they arrive at a
text: dimly candle-lit drawing room.
text: Murals of cherubs cover the walls. There is a
text: harpsichord in one corner and a loudly ticking
text: grandfather clock in another. The feet of the corpse, in
text: silver pumps, jut out, toes up, from inside the casket
text: on top of a gold-leaf table.
text: M. Gustave stops and gasps. He turns to Clotilde and
text: nods. She tugs Zero by the sleeve, and they withdraw. M.
text: Gustave picks up a chair, carries it to the body, sets
text: it down, and sits. Silence. He speaks in a normal,
text: conversational voice:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: You're looking so well, darling. You
dialog: really are. They’ve done a marvelous job.
dialog: I don’t know what sort of cream they've
dialog: put on you down at the morgue, but I want
dialog: some. Honestly, you look better than you
dialog: have in years. You look like you're
dialog: alive!
text: M. Gustave shakes his head in admiration. He leans down
text: and kisses Madame D. on the lips. Zero and Clotilde,
text: watching discreetly from the shadows in the next room,
text: look slightly revolted.
text: M. Gustave takes the corpse’s hand. He notices something
text: and hesitates.
scene_heading: INSERT:
text: Madame D’s fingernails. They are now lacquered in a rich
dialog: plum.
dialog: M. Gustave says, deeply moved:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: You changed it, after all. It’s perfect.
dialog: (calling to the next room)
dialog: Clotilde?
text: Clotilde advances into view. She says respectfully:
speaker_heading: MAID
dialog: Oui, M. Gustave?
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
text: A glass of chilled water with no ice,
dialog: please.
speaker_heading: CLOTILDE
dialog: Oui, M. Gustave -- et aussi: M. Serge a
dialog: démandé un mot avec vous en privé dans
dialog: son office, s’il vous plait.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: (slightly irritated)
dialog: Oh. Well, all right.
dialog: (distracted, to the body)
dialog: I shan’t be long, darling.
text: M. Gustave stands up and follows Clotilde through the
text: xow of doors. Zero looks back at the casket as he trails
text: behind them.
speaker_heading: MR. MOUSTAFA (V.O.)
text: We were escorted through a green-baize
text: door, down a narrow service-corridor, and
text: into the butler’s pantry.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE. NIGHT
text: A small chamber separated from the kitchen by a glass-
text: panelled wall. M. Gustave checks his watch. There is a
text: glass of water in his hand. Zero drinks a sip of milk.
text: In the background, a sous chef chops while the cook
text: stirs a bubbling broth. Kitchen and scullery maids dart
text: back and forth clanking pots and pans.
speaker_heading: MR. MOUSTAFA (V.0.)
text: A moment later, the kitchen passage swung
text: open, and a small servant dressed in
text: white jolted into the room.
text: An extremely anxious, petite butler enters with an ice-
text: bucket. He is Serge. He hacks chips off a frozen block
text: in the sink and fills the container briskly. He turns to
text: go -- then spots M. Gustave looking out at him from
text: inside the pantry.
speaker_heading: MR. MOUSTAFA (V.O.)
dialog: I’ve never forgotten the look on that
text: man’s face.
text: Serge is: deeply distraught, physically exhausted, and,
text: above all, terrified. He swallows, holds up a quick
text: finger for M. Gustave to wait, then disappears back out
text: the door.
text: M. Gustave frowns. He says to himself:
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: What the devil is going on?
text: M. Gustave looks to Zero. Zero is perplexed.
speaker_heading: MR. MOUSTAFA (V.O.)
dialog: I, myself, had never set foot inside a
dialog: house of this kind in my life.
text: M. Gustave dumps his glass of water into a potted cactus
text: and strides through the chaotic kitchen while Clotilde
text: watches him with a feather duster in her hand. She makes
text: a reluctant move to advise him to stop -- but he flies
text: past her, bangs out the swinging door after Serge, and
text: marches into a dark corridor.
speaker_heading: MR. MOUSTAFA (V.O.)
dialog: I understood very little about the events
dialog: that were to follow -- but, eventually, I
text: came to recognize:
scene_heading: INT. TROPHY ROOM. NIGHT
text: A door opens. M. Gustave comes inside and stops short.
text: He hesitates. Zero sidles in next to him. They both
text: stare, mouths open.
speaker_heading: MR. MOUSTAFA (V.O.)
dialog: When the destiny of a great fortune is at
dialog: stake, men’s greed spreads like a poison
dialog: in the bloodstream
text: CUT TO:
text: A dark, woody parlor with mounted heads everywhere
text: (lions, tigers, buffalo, antelope, etc). A murmuring
text: audience of fifty men in business suits is gathering and
text: taking its seats in rows before a dais. Every age,
text: build, and variety of facial hair is accounted for. Some
text: carry briefcases and canes. Most have strong drinks in
text: their hands. There are also several young dandies; a few
dialog: little old ladies; and a pair of country farmers.
speaker_heading: MR. MOUSTAFA (V.O.)
dialog: Uncles, nephews, cousins -- in-laws of
dialog: increasingly tenuous connection. The old
dialog: woman’s most distant relations had come
text: foraging out of the wood-work.
text: 
text: Serge drops an ice-cube into a glass of whiskey with
text: tongs. He does a double-take as he sees that M. Gustave
text: has followed him into the room.
speaker_heading: MR. MOUSTAFA (V.O.)
dialog: At the head of this congregation (it was
dialog: a disorienting coincidence), we
dialog: (more )
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: MR. MOUSTAFA (V.0.) (cont'd)
dialog: discovered our own Deputy Kovacs (himself
dialog: an important attorney, of course). He was
dialog: the executor of the dead widow’s estate.
text: Deputy Kovacs, standing behind a desk on a platform at
text: the front of the room, squints at M. Gustave, puzzled.
text: M. Gustave and Zero look back at him, equally confused.
text: Deputy Kovacs turns his attention back to the seated
text: audience. He clears his throat, sets a large, cardboard
text: box down in front of him, and addresses the room:
speaker_heading: DEPUTY KOVACS
dialog: This is Madame D’s Last Will and
dialog: Testament. It consists of a general
dialog: tontine drawn up before the event of her
dialog: husband's death forty-six years ago --
text: Deputy Kovacs lifts a faded, fragile slip of paper out
text: of the box. He places it delicately onto the table.
speaker_heading: DEPUTY KOVACS
dialog: -- in combination with 635 amendments,
dialog: notations, corrections, and letters of
dialog: wishes executed during the subsequent
dialog: decades.
text: Deputy Kovacs reaches into the box with two hands and
text: pulls out an enormous pile of scraps, slips, shreds,
text: slivers, forms, files, post-cards, and various bits of
text: lint and loose thread. He plants it all down with a
text: thud.
speaker_heading: DEPUTY KOVACS
dialog: The ultimate legality of this
dialog: accumulation requires further analysis;
dialog: but, in the opinion of this office, it
dialog: was Madame D‘s intention that control of
dialog: the vast bulk of her estate should be
dialog: transferred, forthwith, to her son,
dialog: Dmitri --
text: CUT TO:
text: A spindly, thirty-five-year-old man with a thick head of
text: spiky, black hair which sticks up straight into the air.
text: He has black eyes and a black moustache. He wears a
text: black suit cut close to his skinny body. He is Dmitri. A
text: thug in a leather coat with close-shaven head and high-
text: heeled boots sits slightly behind and beside him. He
text: wears brass knuckles on both hands. He is Jopling.
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: DEPUTY KOVACS
dialog: with special allowances for his
dialog: sisters Marguerite, Laetizia, and
dialog: Carolina --
text: 
text: CUT TO:
dialog: Madame D’s spinster daughters. They range in age from
dialog: forty to fifty. They are sturdy and fierce.
speaker_heading: DEPUTY KOVACS
dialog: -- and minor gifts for various members of
dialog: the extended family as shown in the List
dialog: of Recipients, which I will elucidate in
dialog: due course.
text: There is a mumbling of general approval around the room
dialog: and throughout the gallery of distant relations. A few
text: take notes. Deputy Kovacs interjects:
speaker_heading: DEPUTY KOVACS
dialog: However.
text: Voices hush. Pause.
speaker_heading: DEPUTY KOVACS
dialog: An additional codicil, delivered into my
dialog: possession by post only this morning
dialog: and, by all indications, sent by Madame
dialog: D. during the last hours of her life,
dialog: contains an amendment to the original
dialog: certificate, which, as prescribed by law,
dialog: I will read to you now. The authenticity
dialog: of this document has not yet been
dialog: confirmed by the presiding magistrate, so
dialog: I ask that all parties be patient and
dialog: refrain from comment until such time as
dialog: our investigations can be completed.
text: Dmitri and Jopling confer at a tense whisper. The
text: sisters grumble, dismayed. The group as a whole sits up
text: to attention. Deputy Kovacs slides a hand-written letter
text: on pale-pink paper out of an envelope and reads:
speaker_heading: DEPUTY KOVACS
dialog: “To my esteemed friend who comforted me
dialog: in my later years and brought sunshine
dialog: into the life of an old woman who thought
dialog: she would never be happy again -- M.
dialog: Gustave H. -- I bequeath, bestow, and
dialog: devise, free of all taxation and with
dialog: full and absolute fiduciary entitlement,
text: the painting known as ‘Boy with Apple’ --
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: (floored)
dialog: Wow!
speaker_heading: DEPUTY KOVACS
dialog: -- by Johannes van Hoytl --
text: M. Gustave grips Zero by the shoulder like a vise. Zero
dialog: grimaces:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: I can’t believe it.
speaker_heading: DEPUTY KOVACS
dialog: -- the younger --
text: Dmitri drops a tumbler on the floor. He blurts angrily:
speaker_heading: DMITRI
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: DEPUTY KOVACS
dialog: -- which gave us both so much pleasure.”
text: Deputy Kovacs looks up. The three sisters talk loudly
dialog: over each other simultaneously:
speaker_heading: MARGUERITE
dialog: The van Hoytl?
speaker_heading: LAETIZIA
dialog: Tax-free?
speaker_heading: CAROLINA
dialog: Can she do that?
text: A hunched, ancient, grizzled, old man in the middle of
text: the room throws up his hands. He asks loudly:
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Who's Gustave H?
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: (inevitably)
dialog: I'm afraid that’s me, darling.
text: Every face in the entire assembly now turns around fully
text: and stares at M. Gustave and Zero. Silence.
text: The room erupts. All the distant relations start talking
text: at once. Dmitri is on his feet, advancing toward the
text: back of the room, flanked by Jopling, as he explodes,
text: pointing at M. Gustave:
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: DMITRI
dialog: That fucking faggot! He’s a concierge.
dialog: What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: (stiffening)
dialog: I’ve come to pay my respects to a great
dialog: woman whom I loved.
speaker_heading: DMITRI
dialog: (turning to the room)
dialog: This man is an intruder in my home
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: (making a point of it)
dialog: It’s not yours yet, Dmitri. Only when
dialog: probate is granted, and the Deed of
dialog: Entitlement —-
speaker_heading: DMITRI
dialog: You’re not getting “Boy with Apple”, you
dialog: goddamn little fruit!
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: (genuinely offended)
dialog: How's that supposed to make me feel?
text: The three sisters join Dmitri as the veins in his neck
text: begin to bulge. He continues loudly, for the record:
speaker_heading: DMITRI
dialog: Call the police. We're pressing charges.
dialog: This criminal has plagued my family for
dialog: nearly twenty years. He’s a ruthless
dialog: adventurer and a con-artist who preys on
dialog: mentally feeble, sick old ladies -- and
dialog: he probably fucks them, too!
text: The three sisters look horrified. One of the little old
text: ladies gasps. Shocked faces look to M. Gustave. He
text: shrugs and says tentatively:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: I go to bed with all my friends
text: Dmitri cold-cocks M. Gustave an upper-cut to the jaw and
text: drops him with one punch. Less than a second later, Zero
text: slams his own fist squarely right into the middle of
text: Dmitri’s face and knocks him over backward with blood
text: spurting out of his nose. Less than a second after that,
text: Jopling pounds Zero in the side of the head sending him
text: flying with a smack against the wall and melting
text: instantly into the floor. The room breaks into complete
dialog: pandemonium.
dialog: 39.
text: In the midst of the chaos, the hunched, old man says,
dialog: aside, to a younger one:
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Where's Céline?
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: She’s dead. We're reading her will.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: (slightly embarrassed)
dialog: Oh, quite right, of course. How silly of
dialog: me.
text: Another younger man, eavesdropping, starts coughing and
text: spits red wine into his glass.
dialog: In the meantime: Serge helps M. Gustave and Zero to
text: their feet as Jopling restrains Dmitri, and various of
text: the distant relations attempt to interfere in the fray.
text: Dmitri, behind an almost certainly broken nose, shouts
text: furiously at M. Gustave as he strains to clamber over
text: his henchman’s shoulder:
speaker_heading: DMITRI
dialog: If I learn you ever once laid a finger on
dialog: my mother’s body, living or dead, I swear
dialog: to God, I’1l cut your throat!
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: You hear me?
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: (clever though dizzy)
dialog: I thought I was supposed to be a fucking
dialog: faggot.
speaker_heading: DMITRI
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: You are, but you're bisexual!
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Let’s change the subject. I’m leaving.
text: M. Gustave turns and, assisted by Serge and a staggering
text: Zero, exits the room.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN. NIGHT
text: Clotilde rushes to M. Gustave’s assistance as Serge
text: brings him through the door. She brushes his shoulders
text: and smooths his hair. Serge shouts frantically in French
text: and guides them all back into his butler’s pantry. Zero
text: holds his glass of milk against his ear like an ice-
text: pack. Serge and Clotilde yell at each other while the
dialog: 40.
text: other servants race in and out of the kitchen,
text: panicking. They disappear again into the next room.
text: M. Gustave and Zero, alone for a moment, catch their
text: breath. M. Gustave pants:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
text: That picture -- “Boy with Apple” -- is
dialog: priceless. Understand?
text: 
speaker_heading: ZERO.
dialog: (hopeful)
dialog: Congratulations, M. Gustave!
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: They're going to fight me for the son of
dialog: a bitch.
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: Is it very beautiful?
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: (swooning)
text: Beyond description.
dialog: (reciting)
dialog: “Bren the most gifted bard’s rhyme can
dialog: only sing but to the lack of her and all
dialog: she isn’t! His tongue doth trip --”
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: Can I see it?
text: M. Gustave looks surprised. Pause.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: I don’t see why not.
text: M. Gustave zooms out through the scullery and into a
text: little stairwell. Zero follows. They spiral up a steep
dialog: flight.
text: CUT TO:
text: A wide landing overlooking the foyer. The voices of the
text: bickering assembly echo from the rear of the house. M.
text: Gustave looks quickly left and right, then darts down
text: the hallway and through a set of double doors.
scene_heading: INT. LIBRARY. NIGHT
text: A long, narrow gallery lined from floor-to-ceiling with
text: books and paintings. M. Gustave leads Zero straight
text: through to the far end where “Boy with Apple” hangs
text: above a fire-place. He stands beside it facing Zero and
dialog: assumes the role of a museum docent:
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: This is van Hoytl’s exquisite portrayal
dialog: of a beautiful boy on the cusp of
text: manhood. Blond, smooth. Skin as white as
dialog: that milk.
dialog: (pointing to Zero’s glass)
dialog: Of impeccable provenance. One of the last
dialog: in private hands -- and, unquestionably,
dialog: the best. It’s a masterpiece. The rest of
dialog: this shit is worthless junk.
text: 
text: M. Gustave and Zero stand side-by-side and admire the
text: picture for a long minute -- then Zero looks strangely
text: to M. Gustave. M. Gustave looks back at him, curious.
text: Zero’s eyes flicker. M. Gustave frowns.
text: Zero goes to the corner, picks up a foot-stool, and
text: places it on the hearth.
text: M. Gustave hesitates. He steps up onto the foot-stool.
text: He lifts the painting off its hooks. He comes back down
text: to the floor. There is a dark rectangle in the wallpaper
text: marking the absent picture. He turns to Zero again,
text: uncertain.
text: Behind the fire-irons, leaning against a stack of
text: etchings, Zero spots a wood-cut print of two lesbians
text: masturbating. He grabs it and hangs it in the painting's
dialog: place.
scene_heading: INT. FOYER. NIGHT
text: M. Gustave and Zero circle rapidly down the wide
text: staircase. Serge comes into the room at the same time
text: and meets them as they arrive at the front door. He says
text: breathlessly:
speaker_heading: SERGE
dialog: M. Gustave! Pardonnez-moi. Ce n’est pas --
text: Serge sees the painting tucked under M. Gustave’s arm.
text: He stares at it. He says reluctantly:
speaker_heading: SERGE
dialog: Je peux vous aider?
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Oui, Serge. Vous pouvez emballer celui-
dialog: la
speaker_heading: SERGE
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: Emballer -- “Boy with Apple"?
text: M. Gustave nods and hands Serge the picture. Serge takes
text: it. Pause. He goes over to a bureau, withdraws a large
dialog: 42.
text: sheet of wrapping-paper, folds it around the painting,
text: and ties it with string. He returns the parcel to M.
dialog: Gustave.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Merci, Serge.
text: Serge opens the front door. M. Gustave and Zero quickly
text: go outside and get into the taxi. Serge, overwhelmed and
text: confused, with tears in his eyes, looks in at them
text: through one of the back-seat windows. M. Gustave rolls
text: it down.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: What'd you want to tell me? Before.
speaker_heading: SERGE
dialog: (long pause, with a heavy accent)
dialog: I think I cannot say right now.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: (short pause)
dialog: Write me tomorrow.
dialog: (sharply to the driver)
dialog: Lutzbahn Station!
text: The taxi’s tires squeal, and the car shoots down the
text: driveway. Serge watches, deeply anguished and disturbed.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN COMPARTMENT. NIGHT
text: A sleeper on the over-night to Nebelsbad. The bunks have
text: been folded down and made-up, and both M. Gustave and
dialog: Zero wear pajamas. (M. Gustave’s are of burgundy silk
text: and belted.) “Boy with Apple”, partially unwrapped, is
text: on display balanced along the edge of the wash-basin. M.
dialog: Gustave says soberly:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: I’ll never part with it. It reminded her
dialog: of me. It will remind me of her. Always.
dialog: I'll die with this picture above my bed.
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: See the resemblance?
text: M. Gustave positions himself alongside the painting.
text: Zero mutters politely from his bed:
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: Oh, yes.
text: M. Gustave lies down. He stares up at the ceiling.
text: Pause.
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Actually, we should sell it. Sooner
dialog: rather than later, in case they try and
dialog: steal it back. Plus: something about
dialog: those lunatic foot-soldiers on the
dialog: express -- I think this could be a tricky
dialog: war and a long dry-spell in the hotel
dialog: trade. For all we know, they could board
dialog: us up tomorrow.
text: Zero looks alarmed. M. Gustave sits up again and signals
text: for him to come closer. Zero joins him.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Let’s make a solemn blood-pact. We'll
dialog: contact the black-market and liquidate
dialog: “Boy with Apple” by the end of the week,
dialog: then leave the country and lay low
dialog: somewhere along the Maltese Riviera until
dialog: the troubles blow over and we resume our
dialog: posts. In exchange for your help, your
dialog: loyalty, and your services as my personal
dialog: valet, I pledge to you: one-point-five
dialog: percent of the net sale-price.
text: Zero takes this in. He says quietly:
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: One-point-five.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Plus room and board.
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: (optimistic)
dialog: Could we make it ten?
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: (in disbelief)
dialog: Ten? Are you joking? That's more than I’d
dialog: pay an actual dealer -- and you wouldn't
dialog: know chiarascuro from chicken giblets.
dialog: No, one-point-five is correct but I/11
dialog: tell you what: if I die first, and I most
dialog: certainly will, you: will be my sole
dialog: heir. There’s not much in the kitty
text: except a set of ivory-backed hairbrushes
dialog: and my library of romantic poetry -- but,
dialog: when the time comes, these will be yours,
dialog: along with whatever we haven't already
dialog: spent on whores and whiskey. This is our
dialog: sacred bond. I'll draw it up right now.
text: 
text: Pause. Zero nods. M. Gustave whisks a drinks menu out of
text: a slot on the wall, places it face-down on the night-
dialog: 44.
text: stand, and sets a fountain pen on top of it. He
dialog: dictates:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: I, M. Gustave H, being of relatively
dialog: sound mind and body, on this day the
dialog: twenty-seventh of October in the year of
dialog: our Lord nineteen hundred and
text: 
text: Zero quickly uncaps the pen and begins to write.
scene_heading: INT. STORAGE PANTRY. DAY
text: The next morning. A vault adjacent to the meeting room
text: above the lobby. There are rows of safety-deposit boxes
text: with engraved room-numbers along the walls. M. Gustave
text: hides the wrapped package behind a radiator. He takes a
text: fur stole off a coat hangar and drapes it awkwardly over
text: the top. They exit the room. M. Gustave closes the
text: heavy, inner door and spins the combination lock, then
text: slides an outer one shut and bolts it with a key.
speaker_heading: ANATOLE (0.S.)
dialog: Excuse me.
text: M. Gustave and Zero jump. They turn around quickly and
text: see Anatole standing in the doorway. M. Gustave mumbles,
dialog: anxious:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Uh-huh?
speaker_heading: ANATOLE
dialog: (intrigued)
dialog: The police are here. They asked for you.
text: Silence. M. Gustave nods. He says cheerily:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Tell them we’ll be right down.
text: Anatole goes back down the steps. M. Gustave and Zero
text: look down into the lobby through a window. Eight
text: uniformed officers wait at the concierge desk. M.
text: Gustave says tensely:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Have you ever been questioned by the
dialog: authorities?
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: (grimly)
dialog: Yes, on one occasion, I was arrested and
dialog: tortured by the rebel militia after the
dialog: Desert Uprising.
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: Right. Well, you know the drill, then.
dialog: Zip it.
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: Of course.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: You've never heard the word van Hoytl in
dialog: your life.
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: Got it.
speaker_heading: M,. GUSTAVE
dialog: OK. Let’s go.
text: M. Gustave and Zero descend into the lobby. M. Gustave’s
text: face brightens as he crosses the room and greets the
dialog: visitors:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: How may we serve you, gentlemen?
speaker_heading: POLICE CAPTAIN
dialog: (producing a warrant)
dialog: By order of the Commissioner of Police,
dialog: Zubrowka Province, I hereby place you
dialog: under arrest for the murder of Madame
dialog: Céline Villeneuve Desgoffe und Taxis.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: (somehow vindicated)
dialog: I knew there was something fishy! We
dialog: never got the cause of death! She’s been
dialog: murdered -- and you think I did it.
text: M. Gustave turns away and breaks into a sprint through
text: the lobby. The police chase him. Zero watches, stunned.
text: TITLE:
dialog: Part 3: “Check-point 19 Criminal Internment Camp”
scene_heading: EXT. PRISON. DAY
text: A buttressed castle on a high rock spur. Clusters of
text: tangled barbed-wire decorate the tops of the walls above
text: a sheer cliff that drops straight down into the medieval
text: village below.
text: Zero stands waiting with a small pink pastry-box in his
text: hands. There is a guard with a Tommy-gun next to him.
dialog: Silence.
dialog: 46.
text: A hidden gear begins to crank, and a heavy iron and oak
text: gate swings slowly open. The guard makes an off-hand
text: toss of the head to signal for Zero to proceed. Zero
text: nods politely and starts across a narrow bridge over a
text: moat. Two more guards wait at the far end in front of
text: the doors to a fortified keep.
scene_heading: INT. VISITING ROOM. DAY
text: A converted armory containing a row of chairs along an
text: extended table with a penitentiary-style wire-glass
text: partition down the middle. Zero sits alone. The pastry-
text: box is in front of him next to a glass of water. A door
text: opens, and another guard escorts M. Gustave into the
dialog: room.
text: M. Gustave is now dressed in a striped prison uniform
text: with his cap worn at a slight tilt. His hands are
text: shackled. His face is purple and misshapen, covered
text: almost entirely with bruises and abrasions, with one eye
text: swollen completely shut. He sits down facing Zero on the
text: other side of the partition. (There is a glass of water
text: for him, as well.) The guard waits in the corner. He
text: checks his watch.
text: Zero looks horrified. He gasps:
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: What happened, my dear Zero, is I beat
dialog: the living shit out of a snivelling
dialog: little runt called Pinky Bandinski who
dialog: had the gall to question my virility --
dialog: because if there’s one thing we've
dialog: learned from penny dreadfuls, it’s that,
dialog: when you find yourself in a place like
dialog: this, you must never be a candy-ass.
dialog: You’ve got to prove yourself from Day
dialog: One. You’ve got to win their respect. Of
dialog: course, I’ve got about a foot and a half
dialog: of reach on Pinky, so once I'd pried him
dialog: loose out from under my armpit, it was
dialog: short order before I whipped him into
dialog: scrambled eggs.
dialog: (drinks a sip of water)
dialog: You should take a long look at his ugly
dialog: mug this morning.
dialog: (spits blood back into the cup)
dialog: He’s, actually, become a dear friend.
dialog: You'll meet him, I hope. So.
text: M. Gustave slides closer to the glass. So does Zero.
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: You talk to Kovacs?
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: I saw him last night in secret. He made
dialog: me take an oath (on a Bible) I wouldn’t
dialog: tell a soul. You’re supposed to, also.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: (irritated)
dialog: I'll do that later.
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: He suspects you're innocent.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Of course, he does. What’s the charge?
scene_heading: INT. TAVERN. NIGHT
text: An alcove in a corner of a dark, seedy, back-street ale-
text: house. Shady characters lurk at the counter. Zero sits
text: across from Deputy Kovacs, who reads a report to him by
text: the light of an oil-lamp. They both sip mugs of lager.
text: There is also a small Bible on the table.
speaker_heading: DEPUTY KOVACS
dialog: “In the small hours of the evening of
dialog: nineteen October, an individual well-
dialog: known to the house and staff, a M.
dialog: Gustave H, did arrive at the Desgoffe und
dialog: Taxis residence in Lutz and enter by the
text: rear service alley, alerting no one to
dialog: his presence, and did then proceed by way
dialog: of back-stairs and servants-passage, to
dialog: deliver himself into the private chambers
dialog: of Madame D. There is no evidence to
dialog: indicate whether this visit had been pre-
dialog: arranged with her or not. The next
dialog: morning, Madame D. was found dead by
dialog: strychnine poisoning. M. Gustave was not.
dialog: observed on the premises again until,” of
dialog: course, “twenty-four hours later.” The
dialog: identity of his accusers is made clear in
dialog: this notarized deposition.
text: Deputy Kovacs produces another document which he hands
text: to Zero. Zero studies it as Deputy Kovacs continues:
speaker_heading: DEPUTY KOVACS
dialog: They include, essentially, all members of
dialog: the extended family -- but the key
dialog: witness who actually (ostensibly) saw the
dialog: alleged events appears to have fled the
dialog: jurisdiction. His whereabouts are
dialog: (more)
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: DEPUTY KOVACS (cont'd)
dialog: currently unknown, but he’s being sought
dialog: and pursued by the relevant authorities.
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: (concerned)
dialog: Who is he?
text: CUT TO:
text: M. Gustave with a look of utter astonishment on his
text: face. He blurts out:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Serge?
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: I'm afraid so.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: That little prick.
text: Pause. M. Gustave reconsiders.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: No, I don’t believe it. They put him up
dialog: to it. I’ve been dropped into a nest of
dialog: vipers.
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: You have an alibi?
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: (off-hand)
dialog: Certainly, but she’s married to the Duke
dialog: of Westfalia. I can’t allow her name to
dialog: get mixed-up in all this monkey business.
text: 
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: (gravely)
dialog: M. Gustave: your life may be at stake.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: (bitterly)
dialog: I know, but the bitch legged it. She’s
dialog: already on the Queen Nasstasja half-way
dialog: to Dutch Tanganyika.
text: M. Gustave sighs and stares at the floor, shaking his
text: head. He looks like he is about to cry. Zero says
text: finally -- almost inaudibly:
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: Don't give up.
text: M. Gustave looks back to Zero. He nods. He points.
dialog: 49,
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: What’s in the box?
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: (encouraging)
dialog: A Courtesan au chocolat.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: (deeply moved)
dialog: From Mendl’s. Thank you, my angel
scene_heading: EXT. STREET. NIGHT
text: A dark lane crowded with narrow, crooked little
text: buildings. Rushing water gurgles down the gutters. A
text: pack of rats darts across the road in single-file and
text: disappears into a drain-pipe. A church bell rings across
dialog: the city.
text: Jopling waits on the threshold of a ramshackle cottage
text: staring at the front door.
speaker_heading: MR. MOUSTAFA (V.O.)
dialog: The details of the conspiracy, now a
dialog: matter of public record, were, at that
dialog: time, impossible for us to apprehend.
text: The door cracks open. A young washer-woman with a club
text: foot and a rag in her hands peers out. Jopling hands the
text: woman his card. She studies it.
scene_heading: INSERT:
text: An engraved calling card on bright, white stock which
text: reads:
dialog: J.G. Jopling, Esq.
speaker_heading: PRIVATE INQUIRY AGENT
text: The woman looks back up to Jopling, nervous. He says in
text: a low voice:
speaker_heading: JOPLING
dialog: I’m looking for Serge X. (a young man in
dialog: the service of my employers, the family
dialog: Desgoffe und Taxis of Schloss Lutz).
scene_heading: WASHER-WOMAN
dialog: (timidly)
dialog: Yes, sir?
speaker_heading: JOPLING
dialog: You're his sister?
scene_heading: WASHER-WOMAN
dialog: Yes, sir.
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: JOPLING
dialog: Seen him lately?
scene_heading: WASHER-WOMAN
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: No, sir.
speaker_heading: JOPLING
dialog: (doubtful)
dialog: No, sir?
scene_heading: WASHER-WOMAN
dialog: (innocent)
dialog: No, sir.
speaker_heading: JOPLING
dialog: I need to find him right away. For his
dialog: own safety --
dialog: (pointing in her face)
dialog: -- and everyone else’s. If he shows up?
text: 
scene_heading: WASHER-WOMAN
dialog: (tentatively)
dialog: Yes, sir?
speaker_heading: JOPLING
dialog: (darkly)
dialog: Tell him Jopling says, “Come home.”
text: Pause. The woman nods. Jopling turns away and walks over
text: to a black motorcycle parked at the corner.
speaker_heading: MR. MOUSTAFA (V.O.)
dialog: -- but one thing was certain: the
dialog: Desgoffe und Taxis were a very powerful
dialog: family --
text: Jopling puts on a pair of goggles, kick-starts his
text: engine, revs the motor, and rumbles away. The woman
text: shuts the door and locks the bolt.
text: CUT TO:
text: Jopling racing his howling motorcycle through the center
text: of the city at midnight. Under the goggles, his eyes are
dialog: calm.
speaker_heading: MR. MOUSTAFA (V.0.)
dialog: and time was not on our side.
text: 
scene_heading: INT. MESS HALL. NIGHT
text: Another evening meal. The full assembled staff sits at
text: the long table, anxious and curious, murmuring. The cook
text: waits, uncertain, gripping a cauldron by his oven-mitts.
text: A door swings open.
dialog: 51.
text: Mr. Mosher and Zero stride into the room. Mr. Mosher
text: holds up an envelope and beckons to Zero.
speaker_heading: MR. MOSHER
dialog: A letter from M. Gustave. Zero?
text: The staff whispers excitedly then falls silent as Zero
text: ascends M. Gustave’s podium, opens the envelope, and
text: takes out a piece of paper. Pause. Zero clears his
text: throat and reads in a formal voice:
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: “My dear and trusted colleagues --”
text: CUT TO:
text: M. Gustave in his cell (where his podium seems to have
text: been magically transported). A gentle halo of light
text: glows behind him. He addresses the camera as he begins
text: his usual pacing:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: -- I miss you deeply as I write from the
dialog: confines of my regrettable and
dialog: preposterous incarceration. Until I walk
dialog: amongst you again as a free man, the
dialog: Grand Budapest remains in your hands --
dialog: as does its impeccable reputation. Keep
dialog: it spotless and glorify it. Take extra-
dialog: special care of every little-bitty bit of
dialog: it as if I were watching over you like a
text: hawk with a horse-whip in its talons --
dialog: (brandishing a soup-ladle)
dialog: -- because I am. Should I discover a
dialog: lapse of any variety during my absence, I
dialog: promise: swift and merciless justice will
dialog: descend upon you. A great and noble house
dialog: has been placed under your protection.
dialog: (Tell Zero if you see any funny
dialog: business.)
text: CUT TO:
text: Zero at podium. He concludes:
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: “your devoted M. Gustave.” Then there’s a
dialog: poem, but we might want to go ahead and
dialog: start on the soup, since it’s forty-six
text: stanzas.
text: Mr. Mosher signals to the cook. He begins to serve as
dialog: Zero reads on:
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: ZERO
text: A moist, black ash dampens the filth of a
text: dung-dark rat's-nest and mingles with the
text: thick scent of wood-rot while the lark-
text: song of a gutter-snipe echoes across a --
text: 
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR. DAY
text: M. Gustave pushes a metal cart with a stack of plates
text: and a steel tureen on it through a barred door. He stops
text: in front of a large cell where four convicts loiter on
text: their bunks playing cards, scratching graffiti on the
text: walls, and looking at dirty pictures.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: May I offer any of you inmates a plate of
dialog: mush?
text: The convicts all look to M. Gustave at once. No one
text: speaks. M. Gustave hesitates.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: No? Anyone? You -- with the very large
dialog: scar on your face?
text: M. Gustave points to a seven-foot giant with a deep
text: slash from the top corner of his forehead all the way
text: down and across to the other side of his chin. The giant
text: frowns. He stands up. The other convicts look uneasy.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Come now. Try it. It’s, actually, quite
dialog: warm and nourishing this morning. It
dialog: needs a dash of salt.
text: M. Gustave prepares a plate of lumpy gruel for the
text: giant. He shakes-in a touch of salt from a shaker. The
text: giant tastes it. Pause. He shrugs, pleased. He nods. M.
text: Gustave smiles.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Good day.
text: M. Gustave pushes his cart to the next cell. A bald
text: wrestler lifts weights while an old man spots him.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Mush, gents? Any takers?
text: The wrestler and the old man look at M. Gustave blankly
text: with the barbell in the air. M. Gustave shrugs and says
dialog: regretfully:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Suit yourselves.
dialog: 53.
text: M. Gustave pushes his cart to the next cell. These
text: convicts are all asleep. M. Gustave says with a musical
text: lilt:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Rise and shine. Chop-chop!
text: A wiry, pint-sized convict the shape of a fire-hydrant
text: squints out from under his covers. He is Pinky.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Good morning, Pinky.
text: Pinky yawns and sets his feet to the floor. The convicts
text: in the other bunks also begin to rustle. Their faces are
text: brutal, and their bodies are hard and powerful. They are
dialog: Giinther and Wolf. (A fourth convict, also in the room,
text: begins to get out of bed, as well -- but his face is not
dialog: revealed for the moment.)
text: M. Gustave reaches to the lower shelf of the cart and
text: produces a pink pastry-box. All the convicts quickly
text: gather at a small table. (The fourth convict sits with
text: his back to the camera.) Pinky says eagerly:
speaker_heading: PINKY
dialog: Mendl’s again?
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Precisely. Who’s got the throat-slitter?
text: Giinther digs in his sock and takes out a small weapon
text: consisting of a half-toothbrush fixed with wire to a
text: hand-slivered straight-razor cut into serrated teeth. M.
text: Gustave folds open the pastry-box and cuts a Courtesan
text: au chocolat into careful segments. The convicts eat
text: daintily. Wolf says, chewing
speaker_heading: WOLF
dialog: Out of this world.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: (obviously)
dialog: Mendl’s is the best. Well, back to work.
text: 
text: . Gustave rises. Pinky says suddenly:
speaker_heading: PINKY
dialog: Mr. Gustave?
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: Yeah?
text: Pinky exchanges a look with the others. They nod. He
text: darts to the door, looks up and down the corridor, then
dialog: 54.
text: closes it softly. He signals for M. Gustave to sit back
text: down. M. Gustave, slightly puzzled, obeys. They all lean
text: in closer as Pinky whispers:
speaker_heading: PINKY
dialog: Me and the boys talked it over. We think
dialog: you're a real straight fella.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Well, I’ve never been accused of that
dialog: before, but I appreciate the sentiment.
speaker_heading: PINKY
dialog: You're one of us now.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: (somewhat moved)
dialog: What a lovely thing to say. Thank you,
dialog: dear Pinky. Thank you, Giinther. Thank
dialog: you, Wolf. I couldn't ask for a finer
dialog: tribute.
text: M,. Gustave bows slightly. He hesitates.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Anything else?
text: Pinky looks to the fourth convict. He nods:
speaker_heading: PINKY
dialog: Tell him, Ludwig.
text: CUT TO:
text: The fourth convict. Numerous short scars chop skinny,
text: bald lines into his shorn scalp. His arms are tattooed
text: heavily with skulls, skeletons, and images of the grim
dialog: reaper. He has one silver tooth and a bit of butter-
text: cream icing on the side of his mouth. He is Ludwig.
text: Ludwig takes a deep breath. He launches into his spiel:
speaker_heading: LUDWIG
dialog: Check-point Nineteen ain’t no two-bit
dialog: hoosegow. You got broad-gauge iron bars
dialog: on every door, vent, and window. You got
dialog: barb’ wire on every containment wall and
dialog: barricade. You got seventy-two guards on
dialog: the floor and sixteen more in the towers.
dialog: You got a 325 foot drop into a moat full
dialog: of crocodiles -- but, like the best of
dialog: ‘em, it’s got a soft spot, which in this
dialog: case happens to take the form of a storm-
dialog: drain sewer-system datin’ from the time
dialog: of the original rock fortification way
dialog: back in the middle ages. Now, nobody’s
dialog: (more)
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: LUDWIG (cont'd)
text: sayin’ it’s a stroll down a tree-lined
dialog: promenade with a fine lady and a white
dialog: poodle, but it’s got what you'd call
dialog: “vulnerability” -- and that’s our bread
dialog: and butter. Take a look.
text: Ludwig produces a crude but highly detailed map and
text: floor-plan of the castle compound drawn with charcoal on
text: a strip of butcher paper. M. Gustave examines it with
dialog: fixed concentration. He says pointedly:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Who drew this?
speaker_heading: LUDWIG
dialog: (stiffening)
dialog: What do you mean, “Who drew this?” I did.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: (impressed)
dialog: Very good. You've got a wonderful line,
dialog: Ludwig. This shows great artistic
dialog: promise.
text: Ludwig smiles slightly, pleased and slightly
text: embarrassed. M. Gustave points on the map:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Question: how do you intend to penetrate
dialog: this lowest rudiment? If I interpret the
dialog: legend correctly, it’s twenty-five inches
dialog: of reinforced granite masonry, is it not?
dialog: Digging with the throat-slitter, I expect
dialog: that would take three to six months of
dialog: continual effort, during which time
dialog: several of our members will have been
dialog: violently executed.
speaker_heading: LUDWIG
dialog: You hit the nail on the head there, Mr.
dialog: Gustave. We got fake documents, second-
text: hand street clothes, and a rope-ladder
dialog: made out of sticks and bunk-linens -- but
dialog: we need diggin’ tools, and that’s provin’
dialog: hard to come by in this flop-house.
text: 
text: M. Gustave nods gravely. The others slump, listless, and
text: sigh. M. Gustave taps rapidly on the table with the
text: jerry-rigged shiv. Suddenly, he sits up straight and
text: frowns. The others watch him, curious -- then look where
text: he is looking.
dialog: 56.
text: The camera zooms-in slowly toward the crinkled wrapper
dialog: of the Courtesan au chocolat as the five inmates all
text: stare at it together.
text: CUT TO:
dialog: Mr. Moustafa and the author at their dinner table
text: surrounded by meats, sauces, and vegetables. Mr.
text: Moustafa is immobile.
speaker_heading: AUTHOR (V.0.)
dialog: At this point in the story, the old man
dialog: fell silent and pushed away his saddle of
text: lamb. His eyes went blank as two stones.
dialog: I could see he was in distress. “Are you
dialog: ill, Mr. Moustafa?” I finally asked. “Oh,
dialog: dear me, no," he said. “It’s only that I
dialog: don’t know how to proceed.” He was
text: crying.
text: Mr. Moustafa smiles sadly with tears streaming down his
text: cheeks. The author looks worried.
speaker_heading: MR. MOUSTAFA
dialog: You see, I never speak of Agatha, because
dialog: -- even at the thought of her name -- I’m
dialog: unable to control my emotions.
text: Mr. Moustafa dries his eyes with his napkin, but the
text: tears instantly return. He shrugs.
speaker_heading: MR. MOUSTAFA
dialog: Well, I suppose there’s no way around it.
dialog: You see, she saved us.
text: TITLE:
dialog: One Month Earlier
scene_heading: INT. CINEMA. NIGHT
text: A smoky small-town movie palace. On-screen, a battle-
text: scene is in-progress: tanks explode while an infantry
text: unit charges out of a trench into a tornado of machine-
text: gun fire. In the middle of the back row, a love-scene is
text: in-progress: Zero and Agatha French-kiss in a clutch
text: with her shirt half-unbuttoned and his fingers wrapped
text: around her clearly-visible, white breast. Her hand is
text: jammed down into his trousers. No one else in the
text: Scattered audience appears to notice them.
speaker_heading: MR. MOUSTAFA (V.O.)
dialog: On our third, formal rendez-vous, I had
dialog: asked for her hand in marriage, and she
dialog: had agreed. We did not have fifty
text: Klubecks between the two of us. No one
dialog: (more)
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: MR. MOUSTAFA (V.0.) (cont'd)
dialog: knew, of course; but, then, who would
dialog: have cared? We were each completely on
dialog: our own in the world -- and we were
dialog: deeply in love.
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN SQUARE. NIGHT
text: Dusk. The platz in the center of Nebelsbad. A carnival
text: fair is in full-swing with a spinning carousel set to a
text: Wurlitzer organ, a bustling gallery of games, and
text: vendors serving beer and sausages. Agatha holds Zero’s
text: arm as they walk through the crowd. He reaches into his
text: uniform, pulls out a small gift-wrapped package, and
text: thrusts it into her hands.
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: Here.
speaker_heading: AGATHA
dialog: (startled)
dialog: Thank you!
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: It's a book.
speaker_heading: AGATHA
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: I see.
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: Romantic Poetry, Volume one. M. Gustave
dialog: recommended it. I have a copy of my own
dialog: as well. I ruined the surprise, I
dialog: suppose.
text: 
speaker_heading: AGATHA
dialog: I'll go ahead and open it, anyway.
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: OK.
text: Agatha carefully unwraps the package, folds up the
text: paper, and puts the ribbon into her pocket. Zero flips-
text: open the book and points at a flyleaf.
speaker_heading: ZERO
text: Read the inscription.
speaker_heading: AGATHA
dialog: (reading)
dialog: “For my dearest, darling, treasured,
dialog: cherished Agatha, whom I worship. With
dialog: respect, adoration, admiration, kisses
dialog: gratitude, best wishes, and love. From Z.
dialog: to A.”
dialog: 58.
text: Agatha looks to Zero with tears in her eyes. He smiles
dialog: sadly.
speaker_heading: MR. MOUSTAFA (V.O.)
dialog: M. Gustave insisted on an immediate and
text: thorough cross-examination --
scene_heading: INT. STORAGE PANTRY. DAY
text: M. Gustave sits opposite Agatha at a long table with his
text: hand resting on top of hers as he leans close to her
text: recounting something vividly. They both laugh
text: uproariously. M. Gustave says loudly, aside, to Zero:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: She's so charming!
text: Zero broods in the corner. The table is piled with long-
text: stemmed flowers, and a large, cardboard box overflows
dialog: with more.
speaker_heading: MR. MOUSTAFA (V.O.)
dialog: -- during which he presented Agatha with
dialog: a porcelain pendant and five dozen
text: individually tissue-wrapped, white tulips
text: in a box the size of a child’s coffin.
scene_heading: INSERT:
text: A white porcelain crossed-keys pendant hanging from a
text: velvet ribbon around Agatha’s thin neck.
text: Agatha admires her pendant. Zero grumbles:
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: It’s not right.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: I beg your pardon?
dialog: (conspiratorially to Agatha)
dialog: Why’s he sulking?
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: she’s my girlfriend. You can’t just buy
dialog: her things.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: (in disbelief)
dialog: I’m only interviewing this vision of
dialog: loveliness on your behalf
dialog: (conveying pearls of wisdom)
dialog: Never be jealous in this life, Zero. Not
dialog: even for an instant.
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: (to Agatha, like a lawyer:)
dialog: Is he flirting with you?
speaker_heading: AGATHA
dialog: yes.
text: Zero looks to M. Gustave with satisfaction. M. Gustave
text: shrugs this off with a wave of the hand, then offers a
dialog: benediction:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: I approve of this union.
dialog: (still flirting)
dialog: Agatha, my beauty? Return to your
dialog: beloved.
text: Zero and Agatha stand together quietly on display,
text: happy. She clutches a tulip. M. Gustave nods sagely.
speaker_heading: MR. MOUSTAFA (V.0.)
dialog: Soon, we learned --
scene_heading: INT. PATISSERIE. DAY
text: The white-marble frosting-counter in the back-room at
dialog: Mendl’s. There are three, unfinished Courtesans au
text: chocolat in a row with their tops open. Agatha
text: delicately places a little tool into the fillings of
text: each: a slender file, the head of a small hammer, and a
text: half-scale chisel. As she closes them, she begins to
text: apply a complex series of decorative ripples and swirls.
speaker_heading: MR. MOUSTAFA (V.O.)
dialog: not only was Agatha immensely skilled
dialog: with a palette knife and a butter-cream
dialog: flourish: she was also very brave.
text: 
text: Zero, keeping a look-out at the kitchen door, gives an
text: urgent signal. Agatha swiftly covers the pastries with a
text: damp cheese-cloth just as Herr Mendl crosses into the
text: room, throws open a huge brick-oven, and checks on a
dialog: batch of gateaux 1’Opéra.
scene_heading: INT. SORTING HALL. DAY
text: A prison guard searches packages on a metal table. He
text: slices a block of cheese into quarters. He chops-up a
text: loaf of bread into sixths. He opens a double-sized pink
text: pastry-box -- and pauses. He stares at the three
dialog: pristine Courtesans au chocolat.
speaker_heading: MR. MOUSTAFA (V.O.)
dialog: I believe she was born that way.
dialog: 60.
text: The guard gingerly closes the box, slides it aside,
text: unscathed, and moves on to the next package.
scene_heading: INT. LAWYER'S OFFICE. DAY
text: An art-deco office looking out directly onto the clock-
text: tower of Lutzbahn Station. Deputy Kovacs sits behind a
text: wide desk. The box containing Madame D’s will rests
text: beside him. Its contents have been neatly organized into
text: dozens of little stacks and piles.
text: Dmitri and his three sisters are seated across from
text: Deputy Kovacs in leather arm-chairs. Jopling stands in
text: the corner stroking a Siamese cat and staring out the
text: window. Curtains sway in the gentle breeze. Deputy
dialog: Kovacs sounds concerned:
speaker_heading: DEPUTY KOVACS
text: Something's missing. A crucial document,
dialog: either misplaced or, conceivably,
dialog: destroyed. I don’t know what it contains,
dialog: I don’t know what it represents, I don’t
dialog: know what it is -- but there are traces
text: and shadows of it everywhere.
dialog: (motioning to the stacks of paper
dialog: Now, I don’t want to alarm you, and I
dialog: don’t expect to see any significant
dialog: change in the magistrate’s ultimate
dialog: decision vis-a-vis your own inheritance;
dialog: but, especially given the circumstances
dialog: of the death, as well as the
dialog: disappearance of the key witness in the
dialog: murder case (Serge X.), I suggest we
dialog: immediately bring this matter to the
dialog: attention of the municipal inspector so
dialog: there can be absolutely no question of
dialog: impropriety at any future date. Agreed?
speaker_heading: DMITRI
dialog: (simply)
dialog: Not agreed.
speaker_heading: DEPUTY KOVACS
dialog: (puzzled)
dialog: Not agreed?
speaker_heading: DMITRI
dialog: (with finality)
dialog: Not agreed.
text: Silence. The three sisters are stoic. Jopling is stony.
text: Dmitri and Deputy Kovacs stare at each other blankly.
speaker_heading: DMITRI
dialog: Can I ask you a question, Vilmos?
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: DEPUTY KOVACS
dialog: Yes, Dmitri?
speaker_heading: DMITRI
dialog: Who you working for?
speaker_heading: DEPUTY KOVACS
dialog: I beg your pardon?
speaker_heading: DMITRI
dialog: I thought you're supposed to be our
dialog: lawyer.
speaker_heading: DEPUTY KOVACS
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: Well, in point of fact, I’m the executor
dialog: of the estate. In this particular
dialog: situation -- I represent the deceased.
speaker_heading: DMITRI
dialog: Oh, yeah?
speaker_heading: DEPUTY KOVACS
dialog: Yeah. A provision for my fees was
dialog: included in the --
speaker_heading: DMITRI
dialog: Just wrap it up, and don’t make waves.
dialog: Agreed?
speaker_heading: DEPUTY KOVACS
dialog: (long pause)
dialog: I’m an attorney, Dmitri. I’m obligated to
dialog: proceed according to the rule of law. Not
dialog: agreed.
text: Dmitri’s eyes peer sideways. He says quietly, menacing:
speaker_heading: DMITRI
dialog: This stinks, sisters.
text: Deputy Kovacs looks insulted. Dmitri stands up, walks to
text: the door, and exits. The cat squeals. Jopling follows
text: Dmitri out the door. Deputy Kovacs’ mouth falls open. He
text: points, astonished, across the room:
speaker_heading: DEPUTY KOVACS
dialog: Did he just throw my cat out the window?
text: The three sisters turn around quickly. They answer
dialog: simultaneously:
speaker_heading: MARGUERITE
dialog: I don’t think so.
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: LAETIZIA
dialog: Jopling?
speaker_heading: CAROLINA
dialog: No. Did he?
text: Deputy Kovacs waits for the punch-line -- but it does
text: not come. He dashes to the window and looks down at the
text: sidewalk.
text: CUT TO:
text: A pedestrian in a bowler hat far below standing over a
text: sprawled speck on the sidewalk. He looks up.
scene_heading: INSERT:
text: Four small hammers tap rapid-fire at four half-scale
text: chisels, chipping away into a cement pot-hole. They are
dialog: making good progress.
scene_heading: INT. LUDWIG’S CELL. NIGHT
dialog: M. Gustave, Pinky, Giinther, and Ludwig work diligently
text: by candle-light under a wooden table. Periodically, Wolf
text: scoops-up the powdery debris with a soup ladle and
text: throws it aside.
text: Ludwig looks up suddenly, alerted. He holds up a finger.
speaker_heading: LUDWIG
dialog: Shh!
text: M,. Gustave, Pinky, and Giinther stop tapping at once.
text: They listen attentively. Feet creak along the thick,
text: wooden floor outside the cell -- and come to a halt
text: directly in front of the door. Silence.
text: There is a loud but muffled sneeze.
text: The feet begin to creak again and fade-away until they
text: are inaudible. Ludwig signals to the others. They resume
text: their tapping.
scene_heading: INT. GARETT. NIGHT
text: An attic bedroom the size of a broom-closet. The walls
text: and ceiling are bare planks. Thick beams hold the
text: crooked roof in place. A small skylight window is
text: propped open with a pencil. Zero and Agatha are naked
text: under the rough sheets of her narrow bed. They share a
dialog: plate of little miniature Courtesans au chocolat. Zero
dialog: whispers:
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: There's something I haven’t told you,
dialog: Agatha.
text: A look of dread crosses Agatha’s face. She says
dialog: reluctantly:
speaker_heading: AGATHA
dialog: OK.
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: We stole a painting. It’s very valuable
dialog: (maybe five million Klubecks, in fact). I
dialog: don't know if anyone’s even noticed it’s
dialog: missing yet -- but if something should
dialog: happen to me and M. Gustave --
speaker_heading: AGATHA
dialog: (evenly)
dialog: You stole -- art?
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: (defensive)
dialog: One picture. Anyway: we need to make a
dialog: plan for your survival. Hide this.
text: Zero produces a square of tissue-paper the size of a
text: large postage-stamp with neat, miniscule hand-writing
text: all over it. Agatha squints at it.
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: It’s in code, and you might need a
text: magnifying glass to read it, but it tells
dialog: you exactly where and how to find “Boy
dialog: with Apple”. Don’t take less than half
dialog: the retail asking price. Also --
speaker_heading: AGATHA
dialog: Zero. I'm a baker.
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: (correcting her)
dialog: You're a pastry chef. One of the best in
dialog: the --
speaker_heading: AGATHA
dialog: Not a “fence” (if that’s the term). I
dialog: don’t trade in stolen property.
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: I said it wrong. She willed it to him!
dialog: 64.
text: A door bangs open down the hall. In an instant: Zero
text: jumps out of the bed, leaps with both feet at once into
text: his trousers, and shimmies up out of the sky-light.
text: CUT TO:
text: Zero’s point-of-view from the roof. The bedroom door
text: creaks open and Herr Mendl looks in at Agatha. She is
text: now calmly reading her volume of romantic poetry. He
dialog: grunts:
speaker_heading: HERR MENDL
dialog: Go to sleep.
speaker_heading: AGATHA
dialog: Yes, Herr Mendl.
text: The door closes. Agatha looks up to Zero. He holds up
text: the sliver of paper. She shakes her head and whispers:
speaker_heading: AGATHA
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: (pause)
dialog: OK, but take it, anyway.
text: Zero releases the square of tissue-paper. Agatha sits up
text: quickly as it descends, darting and fluttering, and
text: moves her hand around underneath it while she watches
text: trying to estimate where it is going to land.
text: At the last second, she reaches up and cleanly plucks it
text: out of the air between thumb and finger.
text: Zero smiles. He runs away, shoe-less, past gutters and
text: chimneys, jumping noiselessly from roof to roof, into
dialog: the night.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE BUILDING. NIGHT
text: A bank of elevators in an art-deco lobby. A bell rings,
text: and a pair of doors slides open. Deputy Kovacs emerges
text: and navigates his way through a maze of suds-buckets and
text: women on their hand-and-knees scrubbing the floor. He
text: does not notice:
text: Jopling sitting in a chair behind a column reading the
text: evening edition of the Trans-Alpine Yodel.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET. NIGHT
text: The evening sky is bright blue. Crowds hurry in and out
text: of shops and restaurants. Deputy Kovacs crosses the
text: street and stands next to an old lady at a tram-stop. He
text: checks his watch. The tram arrives, and the door opens.
dialog: 65.
text: Deputy Kovacs assists the old lady, then boards behind
text: her. He takes a seat. He looks out the window. Just as
text: they pull away, he sees Jopling exit the building and
text: climb onto his motorcycle.
text: Deputy Kovacs frowns.
text: Jopling kick-starts his engine and follows the tram,
text: close behind, for three blocks. At the next
text: intersection, a policeman blows a whistle, holds up his
text: hand, and makes Jopling wait while a stream of opposing
text: traffic crosses.
text: The tram rounds a corner and stops. Deputy Kovacs jumps
text: up and ducks out onto the street. He looks left and
text: xight. He hurries up a path toward a grand, colossal,
text: domed palace. A sign carved in stone above the door
dialog: reads: Kunstmuseum Lutz.
text: As he goes inside, Deputy Kovacs looks back to see
text: Jopling’s motorcycle pulling slowly to the curb.
scene_heading: INT. MUSEUM. NIGHT
text: The spacious, soaring entrance hall is dim and deserted.
text: One guard sits alone in a corner writing in a log-book.
text: Deputy Kovacs strides across the room. His clacking feet
text: echo broadly. He detours into an ante-chamber filled
text: with French still-lives. He pauses.
text: A second set of foot-steps clack through the lobby
text: behind him.
text: Deputy Kovacs advances rapidly into the next gallery,
text: past a long mural of an ancient war, and descends a
text: staircase. He pauses again at the bottom.
text: The second set of foot-steps continues through the ante-
text: chamber behind him.
text: Deputy Kovacs turns a corner and rushes between rows of
text: Greek and Roman statues. He cuts through an Egyptian
text: tomb. He skims through an alcove of iron weapons and
text: suits of armor. He pauses once more and listens.
dialog: Silence.
scene_heading: INSERT:
text: A pair of high-heeled boots. Two feet quietly slip out
text: of them and tip-toe away.
text: CUT TO:
text: Deputy Kovacs looking all around, frantic. Across the
text: room, he sees:
dialog: 66.
text: A door labelled VERBOTEN.
text: Deputy Kovacs runs to the door and opens it. He scans
text: the hall behind him. He sneaks inside.
scene_heading: INT. STORAGE ROOM. NIGHT
text: Deputy Kovacs flicks on a light. He is in a long hallway
text: lined with racks filled with hundreds of canvases. The
text: xoom goes dark at either end. He chooses a direction,
text: then sprints straight through into the blackness. Up
text: ahead, he sees lines of faint light around the edges of
text: a door. He skids to a stop and searches for the knob. He
text: turns it and pulls. It is locked. He fumbles at a latch.
text: He snaps it sideways. He swings open the door. His eyes
dialog: light up:
text: There is a bicycle leaning against the wall across the
text: alley behind the museum. Deputy Kovacs grabs the door-
text: frame and takes one last, quick look back into the
text: darkness behind him.
scene_heading: INSERT:
text: Deputy Kovacs’ hand on the knob. A second hand, wearing
text: brass knuckles, gently enfolds it.
text: CUT TO:
text: Deputy Kovac’s face. He gasps.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY. NIGHT
text: The door hammers shut with a bang. Four of Deputy
text: Kovacs’ fingers, gripping the door-frame, pop-off at the
text: knuckles all at once and fall down into a shallow
text: puddle.
text: On the other side of the door, there is a scream of
text: blood-curdling agony, then a thump, a thwhack, and,
text: finally, a wallop. Pause.
text: The door opens again. Jopling comes out in his stocking-
text: feet. He puts on his boots. He takes out a handkerchief,
text: leans down and collects the four fingers off the ground,
text: wraps them up, slips them into his pocket, and walks
text: away down the alley.
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY. DAY
text: Eight a.m. Zero, substituting at the concierge desk
text: again, looks up to the high window across the room. Herr
text: Becker waits alone in the storage pantry with the ledger
text: book under his arm. He checks his watch.
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: MR. MOUSTAFA (V.O.)
dialog: The next morning, Herr Becker received a
text: peculiar, last-minute-notice from the
dialog: office of Deputy Kovacs: postponing their
dialog: scheduled meeting -- in perpetuity.
text: TITLE:
dialog: Three Days Later
scene_heading: EXT. VILLAGE. NIGHT
text: A nearly-empty bus squeals to a stop behind a quiet inn
text: in the middle of a deserted hamlet and deposits Zero on
text: the road-side. He carries a knapsack and is dressed like
text: a vagabond. The bus drives off.
text: Zero wanders to the middle of the cobblestone lane. He
text: looks down at a rusty manhole. He looks up at the prison-
text: castle across the way, high above the village. He checks
text: his watch.
scene_heading: INT. CELL. NIGHT
dialog: M. Gustave, Pinky, Giinther, Wolf, and Ludwig all lie
text: quietly in their bunks with the sheets pulled up to
text: their necks. Faraway voices shout and echo eerily. A
text: guard walks through the section slamming doors and
text: throwing bolts. With a series of loud thumps, block-by-
text: block, the lights go out, and the prison goes dark.
text: Silence. Ludwig whispers:
speaker_heading: LUDWIG
dialog: Let’s blow!
text: The cell launches into soundless activity: bed-linens
text: are whisked away, the table is carried into the corner,
text: and a row of floor-planks is carefully lifted. M.
dialog: Gustave, Pinky, Giinther, Wolf, and Ludwig are all
dialog: dressed like vagabonds already and carry various sacks
text: and baskets. One-by-one, they disappear into the floor.
text: A pair of hands, at the rear, reaches up to replace the
dialog: planks.
scene_heading: INT. CRAWL-SPACE. NIGHT
text: M. Gustave, Pinky, Giinther, Wolf, and Ludwig advance on
text: all fours, single-file, through a low, moldy sub-
dialog: structure.
scene_heading: INT. TOWER. NIGHT
text: A small window in a stone wall. Ludwig gently taps-loose
text: four pre-cut iron bars with one of the small hammers.
scene_heading: INSERT:
dialog: 68.
text: The stump of one of the bars. A little noose is fitted
text: over it and pulled tight.
text: Giinther assists Ludwig as they slowly feed an unfurling
text: tangle of rope and rungs out the window, inch-by-inch.
text: CUT TO:
dialog: M. Gustave, Pinky, Giinther, Wolf, and Ludwig all on the
text: rope-ladder at once like a string of beads dangling down
text: the outside of the tower 325 feet above the moat with
text: crocodiles gliding along the dark surface. The ladder
text: twists and creaks as they descend. Suddenly, a sharp
text: voice calls out above their heads:
speaker_heading: CONVICT
dialog: How’d you get out there?
text: They all look up. An anxious convict with a missing ear
text: stares down at them from a cell window. Ludwig whispers:
speaker_heading: LUDWIG
dialog: Shut up!
text: The convict frowns. He turns to his unseen bunk-mates
dialog: and says loudly:
speaker_heading: CONVICT
dialog: These guys are tryin’ to escape!
text: Ludwig looks furious. He whispers fiercely:
speaker_heading: LUDWIG
dialog: What’s wrong with you, you goddamn
dialog: snitch?
speaker_heading: CONVICT
dialog: (hollering)
dialog: Guard! Guard! They’re gettin’ away!
dialog: They're --
text: A single, large hand grabs the convict with the missing
text: ear by the neck, crushes the wind out of him, and rips
text: him away from the window, out of view. Pause. The giant
text: with the long scar across his face appears in the
text: convict’s place, looking down at the dangling escapees.
text: M. Gustave says, gasping:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: It’s you! Thank you! Thank you, you
dialog: sweet, kind man!
text: The giant nods sadly.
text: CUT TO:
dialog: 69.
text: The bottom of the rope ladder which ends half-way down
dialog: the tower. M. Gustave, Pinky, Giinther, Wolf, and Ludwig
text: step onto a narrow ledge and make their way, side-
text: stepping cautiously, around the circumference of the
text: building. They arrive at a small sloped roof and open a
text: trap-door.
scene_heading: INT. DORMITORY. NIGHT
text: M. Gustave, Pinky, Giinther, Wolf, and Ludwig all crouch
text: on a beam in the upper eaves of a vaulted hall. In the
text: dark below, there are twenty narrow cots in two rows.
text: Next to each cot, there is a guard’s uniform on a coat-
text: hanger, a billy-club on a peg, and a Luger pistol on the
text: night stand. Asleep in each cot, there is a lightly
text: snoring goon.
text: Ludwig gets a firm grip on a tarnished copper pipe. He
text: turns to the others and nods. He swings out and makes
text: his way, hand-over-hand, from pipe-to-pipe across the
text: ceiling. The others follow.
scene_heading: INT. CELLAR. NIGHT
text: A dirty chute sticks down from the ceiling above a wide
text: garbage-bin filled with empty tins and rotting
dialog: vegetables. M. Gustave, Pinky, Giinther, Wolf, and Ludwig
text: slide down into view, one-by-one, drop out into the
text: trash-pile, and hurry on their tip-toes into a dim
text: corridor.
text: CUT TO:
text: The candle-lit dungeon. M. Gustave, Pinky, Giinther,
text: Wolf, and Ludwig all listen attentively, looking up at
text: the ceiling. There is a loud but muffled sneeze above,
text: then feet creaking away. Ludwig nods.
text: Pinky pulls away an oil-skin tarp to reveal the cement
text: pot-hole which has now been chiselled all the way
text: through the thick sub-floor clear into the room below --
dialog: where they see:
text: Three startled guards staring up at them from a card
text: table in a dank, brick basement. They each hold a hand
text: of cards. One is in the middle of placing a bet into a
text: rich pot. A gas-lantern flickers on a hook. The escapees
dialog: all cry-out at once:
speaker_heading: LUDWIG
dialog: Woah!
speaker_heading: PINKY
dialog: Yow!
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: WOLF
dialog: Jeez!
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Look out!
text: Giinther whips the toothbrush-knife out of his sock and
text: jumps down into the hole. The table shatters and cards
text: and coins fly in every direction. There is a frenzy of
text: punching, scrapping, and grunting. The others converge
text: excitedly around the hole like the audience at a cock-
text: fight. Giinther kicks one guard in the teeth, slashes
text: another across the neck, and socks the third, blasting
text: the lantern into bits in the process.
text: The room goes black.
text: M. Gustave, Pinky, and Wolf cheer at a low decibel,
dialog: whispering advice and encouragement simultaneously down
text: into the darkness while Ludwig quickly searches for a
text: match. He lights it and holds it over the hole.
text: Two of the guards are now sprawled-out on their backs in
text: a spreading pool of blood. Giinther and the remaining
text: guard twist and clutch on the floor, grappling in
text: violent head-locks, while they simultaneously stab each
dialog: other repeatedly with the throat-slitter and a thick
text: hunting-knife. They both fall silent and stop moving.
text: Silence. M. Gustave says quietly:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: I suppose you'd call that a draw.
text: Ludwig sighs. He delivers a brief eulogy:
speaker_heading: LUDWIG
dialog: Anyway, he went out with a bloody knife
text: in his fist jammed into the gut of a
dialog: dyin’ prison guard. I think that’s how he
dialog: would’ve wanted it, don’t you?
text: M. Gustave, Pinky, and Wolf nod and solemnly concur,
text: muttering. They climb down into the hole.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET. NIGHT
text: Zero watches as the man-hole cover flips open onto the
text: street. M. Gustave pokes his head up and whispers
dialog: simply:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Good evening.
text: Zero rushes to assist M. Gustave out of the storm-drain.
text: Pinky, Wolf, and Ludwig surface on high-alert, looking
dialog: 71.
text: around in every direction. (Pinky carries a wad of the
dialog: crumbled-up gambling-money in his little hand.)
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Let me introduce you. Pinky, Wolf, and
dialog: Ludwig: this is the divine Zero.
dialog: (soberly to Zero)
dialog: Giinther was slain in the catacombs.
text: M. Gustave crosses himself quickly. He begins a wistful
dialog: speech:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Well, boys, who knows when we'll all meet
dialog: again; but if, one day --
speaker_heading: LUDWIG
dialog: No time to gab. Take care of yourself
dialog: Mr. Gustave. Good luck, kid.
text: Pinky, Wolf, and Ludwig sprint away into the woods. M.
text: Gustave watches them go, bittersweet. He grabs Zero by
text: the shoulder and says, suddenly urgent:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Which way to the safe house?
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: (unfortunately)
dialog: I couldn't find one.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: (in disbelief)
dialog: No safe house? Really? We're completely
dialog: on our own out here?
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: (worried)
dialog: I’m afraid so. I asked around, but I
dialog: didn’t want to take any chances. I
dialog: thought —-
text: Zero trails off. He looks apologetic. M. Gustave sighs
text: resigned. He says calmly:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: I understand. Too risky. We'll just have
dialog: to wing it, I suppose. Let’s put on our
dialog: disguises.
text: Zero hesitates. He looks down at his vagabond costume
text: then at M. Gustave’s. He says, confused:
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: We're wearing them.
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: (frustrated)
dialog: No, we're not. We said false whiskers and
dialog: fake noses and so on. You didn’t bring
dialog: any?
text: 
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: (referring to moustache)
dialog: I thought you were growing one. It
dialog: wouldn’t look realistic, would it? I
dialog: thought
text: 
text: Zero trails off again. He deflates, distressed. M.
text: Gustave remains calm.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: When done properly, they're perfectly
dialog: convincing -- but I take your point. So
dialog: be it. Give me a few squirts of L’air de
dialog: Panache, please, will you?
text: Zero smacks his hand to his forehead and looks
text: mortified. M. Gustave says bluntly:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Can I not get a squirt, even?
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: (miserably)
dialog: I forgot the L’air de Panache.
speaker_heading: M,. GUSTAVE
dialog: (at peak frustration)
dialog: Honestly -- you forgot the L’air de
dialog: Panache? I don’t believe it. How could
dialog: you? I’ve been in jail, Zero! Do you
dialog: understand how humiliating this is? I
text: smell.
text: 
text: M. Gustave lifts up his arms. Zero sniffs him. He
text: grimaces. M. Gustave’s eyes narrow. He begins to seethe.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Well, that’s just marvelous, isn’t it? I
dialog: suppose this is to be expected back in
dialog: where do you come from, again?
text: 
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: (evenly)
dialog: Aq Salim al-Jabat.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: (escalating)
dialog: Precisely. I suppose this is to be
dialog: expected back in Aq Salim al-Jabat where
dialog: one’s prized possessions are a stack of
dialog: (more)
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE (cont'd)
dialog: filthy carpets and a starving goat, and
text: one sleeps behind a tent-flap and
dialog: survives on wild dates and scarabs -- but
dialog: it’s not how I trained you. What on God’s
dialog: earth possessed you to leave the homeland
dialog: where you very obviously belong and
dialog: travel unspeakable distances to become a
dialog: penniless immigrant in a refined, highly-
dialog: cultivated society that, quite frankly,
dialog: could’ve gotten along very well without
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: (shrugs )
dialog: The war.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Say again?
text: Zero speaks softly and struggles deliberately to hold
text: back his emotions as he says, staring at the ground:
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: Well, you see, my father was murdered,
dialog: and the rest of my family were executed
dialog: by firing squad. Our village was burned
dialog: to the ground. Those who managed to
dialog: survive were forced to flee. I left --
dialog: because of the war.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: (back-peddling)
dialog: Ah, I see. So you're, actually, really
dialog: more of a refugee, in that sense.
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: (reserved)
dialog: Truly.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: (ashamed)
dialog: Well, I suppose I'd better take back
dialog: everything I just said. What a bloody
dialog: idiot I am. Pathetic fool. Goddamn
dialog: selfish bastard. This is disgraceful --
dialog: and it’s beneath the standards of the
dialog: Grand Budapest.
text: Zero looks increasingly concerned as M. Gustave begins
text: to come unglued. Tears stream down M. Gustave’s face. He
text: stands at attention and says with deep deference:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: I apologize on behalf of the hotel
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: (gently)
dialog: It’s not your fault, M. Gustave. You were
dialog: just upset I forgot the perfume
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Don't make excuses for me. I owe you my
dialog: life.
text: M. Gustave takes Zero by the hand. He says with great
dialog: feeling and sincerity:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: You're my dear friend and protégé, and
dialog: I’m very proud of you. You must know
dialog: that. I’m so sorry, Zero.
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: (gallantly)
dialog: We're brothers.
text: M. Gustave, touched to the quick, instantly kisses Zero
text: on both cheeks and they embrace. They release each
text: other. They try to pull themselves back together. Pause.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: How's our darling Agatha?
text: Zero starts to answer, then hesitates. He recites:
speaker_heading: ZERO.
dialog: “twas first light when I saw her face
dialog: upon the heath; and hence did I return
dialog: day-by-day, entranced: tho’ vinegar did
dialog: brine my heart --”
text: A powerful siren begins to blast across the region.
text: Zero’s eyes dart around, startled. M. Gustave says over
dialog: the noise, impressed:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Very good! I’m going to stop you because
dialog: the alarm has sounded -- but remember
dialog: where we left off, because I insist you
dialog: finish later!
text: M. Gustave and Zero take-off full-speed down the road.
scene_heading: INT. TELEPHONE BOOTH. NIGHT
text: A black-and-yellow wooden call-box next to a tiny pub
text: outside the village. Windmills spin gently on the far
text: side of a wheat field in the distance. Zero holds the
text: door open while M. Gustave dials.
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Operator, get me the Excelsior Palace in
dialog: Baden-Jiirgen and reverse the charges
dialog: please.
dialog: (to Zero)
dialog: We've no choice. There’s nowhere else to
text: turn.
dialog: (into the receiver)
dialog: I'll hold. Thank you.
dialog: (to Zero)
dialog: It’s our only hope. Otherwise, I
dialog: shouldn’t even mention its existence to
dialog: you. It goes without saying, you must
dialog: never breath a word about this to a
dialog: living soul. Do you swear?
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: Of course. What is it, in fact?
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: I can’t say.
dialog: (into the receiver)
dialog: Guten abend. M. Ivan, bitte. Danke.
dialog: (by way of explanation, to Zero)
dialog: How does one come by front-row aisle-
dialog: seats for a first-night at the Opera
dialog: Toscana with one day’s notice? How does
dialog: one arrange a private viewing of the
dialog: tapestry collection at the Royal Saxon
dialog: Gallery? How does one secure a corner
dialog: table at Chez Dominique on a Thursday?
text: Zero nods as he takes this in, intrigued. Pause. M.
text: Gustave says suddenly into the receiver, turning on the
dialog: charm:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Ivan, darling, it’s Gustave! Hello! Well
dialog: I was until about five minutes ago. We've
dialog: taken it upon ourselves to clear out in a
dialog: hurry, if you see what I mean. Through a
dialog: sewer, as it happens. Exactly! Listen
dialog: Ivan, sorry to cut you off, but we’re in
dialog: a bit of a bind. This is an official
dialog: request.
dialog: (officially)
dialog: I’m formally calling upon the special
dialog: services of —-
text: TITLE:
dialog: Part 4: “The Society of the Crossed Keys”
dialog: 76.
scene_heading: INT. FIRST LOBBY. NIGHT
text: Concierge desk #1. There are rows of mail-boxes with
text: xoom numbers on them, keys on hooks, and a bell on the
text: counter-top. A slim concierge with a long moustache
text: talks on the telephone. He is M. Ivan. A Lobby Boy waits
text: beside him silently.
speaker_heading: M. IVAN
dialog: I'll call you back, Gustave. Right. Stand
dialog: by.
text: M. Ivan hangs up the telephone and turns to a waiting
text: young couple as he produces a small paper map from a
dialog: drawer.
speaker_heading: M. IVAN
dialog: I beg your pardon. Do you prefer to walk?
dialog: We're right here.
text: M. Ivan makes a little “x” in ink on the map. He draws a
dialog: line.
speaker_heading: M. IVAN
dialog: It’s very simple. Straight down the
dialog: corniche. Then left.
dialog: (to the Lobby Boy)
dialog: Jojo, see them out.
text: The young couple take the map gratefully, and the Lobby
text: Boy escorts them away. M. Ivan picks up the telephone
dialog: again and says urgently:
speaker_heading: M. IVAN
dialog: Get me M. Georges at the Chateau Luxe,
dialog: please.
text: CUT TO:
text: The dining room at a hunting lodge. One hundred small
text: children crowd around a long table. There is a huge
text: birthday cake with seven lit candles on it. Streamers
text: hang from the ceiling. Balloons float on strings. A very
text: tall, bony concierge conducts the room singing “Happy
dialog: Birthday”. He is M. Georges.
text: A Lobby Boy goes over to M. Georges and whispers in his
text: ear. M. Georges nods and quickly exits. The Lobby Boy
text: replaces him and takes over the conducting
scene_heading: INT. SECOND LOBBY. NIGHT
text: Concierge desk #2. M. Georges picks up the telephone.
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: M. GEORGES
dialog: Hello, Ivan? You don’t say? Is he really?
dialog: How about that? Got it.
text: M. Georges presses down on the hook to disconnect, then
text: lifts it up again and says urgently:
speaker_heading: M. GEORGES
dialog: Get me M. Dino at the Palazzo
dialog: Principessa, please.
text: CUT TO:
text: A busy piazza across from a church. There is a crowded
text: trattoria on the sidewalk. There is a statue of a
text: centurion. One hundred men and women in pajamas and bath-
text: robes stand on the street in front of a hotel looking up
text: at a fourth-floor window with smoke gushing out of it
text: while a ladder extends from a fire engine toward a calm
text: old woman at the windowsill. An alarm rings loudly. A
text: stocky concierge with slick, black hair stands at the
text: front of the crowd yelling orders and holding a fire-
dialog: extinguisher. He is M. Dino.
text: A Lobby Boy goes over to M. Reggio and whispers in his
text: ear. M. Dino nods and quickly goes into the hotel. The
text: Lobby Boy takes the fire-extinguisher and replaces him
text: yelling orders.
scene_heading: INT. THIRD LOBBY. NIGHT
text: Concierge desk #3. The lobby is a bit smoky. M. Dino
text: picks up the telephone.
speaker_heading: M. DINO
dialog: M. Georges. No trouble at all. Tell me. I
dialog: see. I see. Straight away.
text: M. Dino presses down on the hook to disconnect, then
text: lifts it up again and says urgently:
speaker_heading: M. DINO
dialog: Get me M. Robin at 1’Hétel Céte du Cap,
dialog: please.
text: CUT TO:
text: A clay tennis court overlooking a bright, blue sea at
text: sunset. Twenty-five men and women in tennis whites and
text: bathing suits circle around another tennis player lying
text: flat on his back on the ground while a very fit, sporty
text: concierge with a pompadour sits on one knee next to him
text: checking his pulse. He is M. Robin.
text: A Lobby Boy goes over to M. Robin and whispers in his
text: ear. M. Robin nods and quickly leaves the court. The
dialog: 78.
text: Lobby Boy replaces him and resumes checking the fallen
text: man’s pulse.
scene_heading: INT. FOURTH LOBBY. NIGHT
text: Concierge desk #4. M. Robin picks up the telephone.
speaker_heading: M. ROBIN
dialog: This is M. Robin. Yes, Dino. Yes, Dino.
dialog: Yes, Dino. OK, Dino.
text: M. Robin presses down on the hook to disconnect, then
text: lifts it up again and says urgently:
speaker_heading: M. ROBIN
dialog: Get me M. Martin at the Ritz Imperial
dialog: please.
text: CUT TO:
text: An extremely busy hotel kitchen filled with cooks of
text: every rank and specialty. Waiters dash in and out
text: continuously. A small, round concierge with a pink face
text: is screaming and pointing a serving fork at the chef
dialog: (who is flambé-ing a crépe suzette). He is M. Martin.
text: A Lobby Boy goes over to M. Martin and whispers in his
text: ear. M. Martin nods and quickly exits the kitchen. The
text: Lobby Boy takes the serving fork and replaces him
text: screaming at the chef.
scene_heading: INT. FIFTH LOBBY. NIGHT
text: Concierge desk #5. M. Martin picks up the telephone.
speaker_heading: M. MARTIN
dialog: Robin, Martin. I know. So I heard.
dialog: (suddenly intrigued)
dialog: Maybe.
dialog: (gravely)
dialog: Let me make a few calls.
scene_heading: EXT. WHEAT FIELD. NIGHT
text: M. Gustave and Zero wait hidden behind a hay-stack next
text: to the telephone booth. M. Gustave re-caps:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Serge X: missing. Deputy Kovacs: also
dialog: missing. Madame D: dead. “Boy with
dialog: Apple”: stolen (by us). Dmitri and
text: Jopling: ruthless, cold-blooded savages.
dialog: Gustave H: at large. what else?
speaker_heading: ZERO
text: Zero: confused.
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: Zero: confused, indeed. The plot
dialog: “thickens”, as they say. Why, by the way?
dialog: Is it a soup metaphor?
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: I don’t know.
text: Distant tires squeal.
text: M. Gustave and Zero sit up quickly and peer-off down the
text: xoad. An approaching car accelerates, whining in the
text: darkness. A pair of head-lights pops into view from the
text: woods. A large sedan emerges with a roar, zig-zagging
text: onto the farm road. It slides across the gravel and rips
text: to a stop in front of them. A sign next to five stars on
text: the side of the hood reads: Hotel Excelsior Palace.
text: One of the back doors snaps open, and M. Ivan shouts
text: from inside:
speaker_heading: M. IVAN
dialog: Get in!
text: M. Gustave and Zero dash out from behind the hay-stack
text: and sprint to the vehicle.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL CAR. DAY
text: The door slams shut, and the chauffeur punches it. They
text: speed back into the hamlet. M. Ivan immediately begins
dialog: briefing M. Gustave and Zero:
speaker_heading: M. IVAN
dialog: We found the butler. He’s hiding-out in
dialog: the remote foot-hills near Gabelmeister’s
dialog: Peak. Our contact convinced him to meet
dialog: you mid-day tomorrow at the observatory
dialog: on the summit. Tell no one. He’ll explain
text: everything. The train departs in four-and-
dialog: a-half minutes. Here’s your tickets.
text: M. Ivan deals-out a pair of train tickets to M. Gustave
text: and Zero. M. Gustave gives his a quick study, then
dialog: mumbles a puzzled objection:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Third class?
speaker_heading: M. IVAN
dialog: It was over-booked, but the conductor
dialog: used to be a sommelier at the old
dialog: Versailles. He pulled some strings.
dialog: You'll need these for the dining car.
dialog: 80.
text: M. Ivan produces two, pre-tied neck-ties. M. Gustave and
text: Zero slip them over their heads and adjust the knots.
text: The chauffeur hits the brakes, and M. Ivan swings the
text: door open again.
speaker_heading: M. IVAN
dialog: Go!
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN STATION. NIGHT
text: M. Gustave and Zero jump out in front of a very small
text: depot and slam the door. M. Ivan says out the window
speaker_heading: M. IVAN
dialog: One last thing.
text: M. Ivan leans down and searches for something on the
text: floor. He sits up and thrusts-out a tiny version of a
text: familiar bottle. M. Gustave melts as he realizes:
text: 
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: L’air de Panache!
speaker_heading: M. IVAN
dialog: (down-playing it)
dialog: They only had the half-ounce.
text: M. Gustave looks impressed and deeply touched. He leans
dialog: to Zero and whispers:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: We should give him something as a
dialog: symbolic gesture. How much money you got?
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: Forty-two Klubecks and three postage
dialog: stamps.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Give me twenty-five.
text: Zero’s eyes widen. He cocks his head, dubious. M.
text: Gustave nods firmly. Zero reluctantly digs a handful of
text: coins and bills out of his pocket and passes it on to M.
text: Gustave. M. Gustave says to M. Ivan with profound
dialog: gratitude:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Bless you.
text: M. Gustave attempts to discreetly press the money into
text: M. Ivan’s palm -- but M. Ivan withdraws. He waves his
dialog: hands and says by way of gentle refusal
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: M. IVAN
dialog: Please.
text: M. Gustave smiles sadly. He bows. The hotel car skids
dialog: away.
text: Silence. M. Gustave sprays himself four times with the
text: perfume atomizer. His posture and bearing immediately
text: improve. He turns to Zero. Pause.
text: M. Gustave holds out the bottle. Zero looks confused -.
text: then simultaneously flattered and hesitant. He takes the
text: cologne and spritzes himself once lightly. He gives a
text: polite nod and returns the bottle.
text: A train pulls into the station, and M. Gustave and Zero
text: race out onto the platform.
text: CUT TO:
text: A stack of wooden planks next to the opening in the cell
text: floor. Ten guards and twenty soldiers stand crowded in
text: the little room looking down at the hole. Henckel’s head
text: pokes up from the crawl-space below. He wears a look of
text: grim determination as he delivers the following:
speaker_heading: HENCKELS
dialog: I want roadblocks at every junction for
dialog: fifty kilometers. I want railblocks at
dialog: every train station for a hundred
dialog: kilometers. I want fifty men and ten
dialog: bloodhounds ready in five minutes. We're
dialog: going to strip-search every pretzel-haus
dialog: waffel-hut, biergarten -- and especially
dialog: every grand hotel -- from Augenzburg to
dialog: zilchbriick. These men are dangerous,
dialog: professional criminals. (At least, three
dialog: of them are, anyway.)
text: Henckels hesitates. He squints across the room. He
dialog: points.
speaker_heading: HENCKELS
dialog: Who are you?
text: The guards and soldiers all turn to look past the bunks
text: behind them and clear the view to:
text: Jopling alone in the dim back corner.
speaker_heading: HENCKELS
dialog: What are you doing here? Civilian
dialog: personnel aren’t permitted in the cell-
dialog: block. This is a military investigation.
dialog: 82.
text: Jopling steps fully into view. A shifty guard explains
dialog: nervously:
speaker_heading: SHIFTY GUARD
dialog: This is Mr. Jopling, sir. His employer's
dialog: mother was one of the victims of the --
speaker_heading: HENCKELS
dialog: Shut up.
text: Henckels climbs up out of the hole as Jopling approaches
text: and offers his card. Henckel snaps it up, gives it a
text: fraction-of-a-second look, then hands it off to an
text: underling.
speaker_heading: HENCKELS
dialog: You work for the family Desgoffe und
dialog: Taxis?
text: Pause. Jopling nods. Henckels asks pointedly:
speaker_heading: HENCKELS
dialog: Are you aware of the murder of Deputy
dialog: Vilmos Kovacs on the twenty-third of
dialog: October?
speaker_heading: JOPLING
dialog: (carefully)
dialog: I’m aware of his disappearance.
text: HENCKELS:
dialog: His body was found stuffed in a
text: sarcophagus behind a storage room at the
dialog: Kunstmuseum late last night. He was short
dialog: four fingers. What do you say about that?
text: Henckels withdraws a type-written document out of his
text: coat. He holds it up.
scene_heading: INSERT:
text: A police report with a photograph of Deputy Kovacs’ body
text: in a pharaoh’s casket with his hands crossed on his
text: chest. A section at the bottom of the page is labelled
text: FINGERPRINTS. There are five for the left hand, but only
text: a thumb for the right.
text: Jopling studies the document. He shrugs.
speaker_heading: HENCKELS
text: Escort Mr. Jopling off the premises.
text: Jopling makes his way toward the cell door accompanied
text: by several soldiers. He pauses just before he exits. He
text: leans down and picks up a flattened, pink, cardboard box
dialog: 83.
text: off the floor. He scrapes a ridge of icing with his
text: finger and licks the tip. He says softly:
speaker_heading: JOPLING
dialog: Mendl's.
text: Henckels watches Jopling suspiciously as he shrinks away
text: down the corridor.
scene_heading: INT. LIBRARY. NIGHT
text: Dmitri, dressed in black pajamas and a black smoking
text: jacket with a fur collar, listens on the telephone in a
text: small alcove. He says calmly:
speaker_heading: DMITRI
dialog: Talk to his club-footed sister again --
dialog: and, this time: be persuasive.
text: Dmitri hangs up. He crosses into the library and stands
text: in front of a snooker table. The box containing Madame
text: D’s will sits among billiard balls in the middle of it.
text: Its contents have been spread-out and scattered into a
text: sprawling mess. Marguerite, Laetizia, and Carolina play
text: cards and sip at tiny glasses of port on the other end
text: of the room.
text: Dmitri drinks a vodka in one gulp. He shuffles and sifts
text: among the scraps, preoccupied. He picks up a folded
text: sliver of cream-colored writing-paper. He opens it.
scene_heading: INSERT:
text: A page of Grand Budapest Hotel stationary with a set of
text: crossed keys insignia at the top. Hand-written below is:
dialog: Remember: I’m always with you
text: Dmitri stares at the piece of paper. He tosses it back
text: onto the table. It lands on top of a faded, old
text: photograph of “Boy with Apple” with the stamp at the
text: bottom of a long-defunct auction house.
text: Dmitri frowns. He turns around and looks up at the wall
text: above the fireplace directly behind him. His face goes
dialog: white.
text: CUT TO:
text: The wood-cut print of the two lesbians masturbating. A
text: bit of the discolored wallpaper sticks out behind it on
text: either side.
text: Dmitri is stunned. He stammers:
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: DMITRI
dialog: Holy fuck! What’s the meaning of this
dialog: shit?
text: Marguerite, Laetizia, and Carolina all look. They seem
text: confused. They respond simultaneously:
speaker_heading: MARGUERITE
dialog: “Boy with Apple”? I thought you'd hidden
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: LAETIZIA
dialog: It’s been missing two weeks. I assumed it
dialog: went to the tax-appraiser.
speaker_heading: CAROLINA
dialog: Why are you only noticing now?
text: Dmitri shakes his head, speechless. He says finally, in
text: angry shock:
speaker_heading: DMITRI
dialog: Are you fucking kidding me?
text: Clotilde has materialized. Dmitri turns to her.
text: Marguerite, Laetizia, and Carolina turn to her, also.
text: Clotilde’s voice cracks and quivers as she says:
speaker_heading: CLOTILDE
dialog: I believe it was removed by M. Gustave.
text: Pause. Dmitri grabs the wood-cut off the wall and slams
dialog: it (punching a thick hole through the center) over a
dialog: small marble discus-thrower.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN CAR. NIGHT
text: A third-class compartment on the over-night to
text: Gabelmeister’s Peak. Students, peasants, and laborers
dialog: sleep among rucksacks and baskets on hard benches and
text: shelves lining the walls. M. Gustave and Zero whisper to
text: each other from their bunks near the ceiling on either
text: side of the room:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: I’m not angry with Serge. You can’t blame
dialog: someone for their basic lack of moral
text: fiber. He’s a frightened, little, yellow-
dialog: bellied coward. That’s not his fault, is
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: I don’t know. It depends.
dialog: 85.
text: 
dialog: (irritated)
dialog: Well, you can say that about most
dialog: anything. “It depends.” Of course, it
dialog: depends.
speaker_heading: ZERO.
dialog: (firmly)
dialog: Of course, it depends.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: Yes, I suppose you’re right. Of course
dialog: it depends. However: that doesn’t mean
dialog: I'm not going to throttle the little
dialog: swamp rat.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: May I officiate, by the way? The
dialog: ceremony.
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: (surprised, humbly)
dialog: With pleasure.
text: M. Gustave sighs. He says with deep sincerity and
text: feeling:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: I must say, I find that girl utterly
dialog: delightful. Flat as a board, enormous
dialog: birthmark the shape of Mexico over half
text: her face, sweating for hours on end in
dialog: that sweltering kitchen while Mendl
text: (genius though he is) looms over her like
text: a hulking gorilla -- yet without
dialog: question, without fail, always, and
dialog: invariably: she’s exceedingly lovely.
dialog: Why? Because of her purity.
text: 
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: (pleased)
dialog: She admires you, as well, M. Gustave.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: (perking up)
dialog: Does she?
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: very much.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: (impressed)
dialog: That’s a good sign, you know. It means
dialog: she “gets it”. That’s important.
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Don’t flirt with her.
text: M. Gustave scoffs, irritated.
scene_heading: INT. GARRET. NIGHT
text: Agatha’s room. Her few possessions are laid-out neatly
text: on the mattress: two changes of clothes, a short stack
dialog: of cook-books, her volume of romantic poetry, some
text: tangled ribbons, and a hairbrush.
text: Agatha reaches up to the top of a skinny, pine wardrobe
text: and pulls down an old, wicker suitcase. It has been
dialog: repaired extensively with wire and string. She transfers
text: everything she owns into it swiftly. She buckles it
text: shut, slides it under the bed -- then bolts upright. She
text: looks up at the ceiling.
text: There is a thump.
text: Silence. Agatha slips-off her shoes (wooden clogs). she
text: slowly steps up onto the bed. She stands on her tip-
dialog: toes.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOF. NIGHT
text: There is no moon, and the night is pitch-black. Agatha’s
text: hands grip the edges of the sky-light’s frame. Her eyes
text: come up into view. She looks cautiously around in every
text: direction. She listens.
text: Agatha sinks back down, pulls away the pencil holding
text: the sky-light window open, and quickly latches it shut.
text: The camera holds on the empty roof-top: a quiet wind
text: whistles over the sleeping village.
scene_heading: INSERT:
text: The front page of the Trans-Alpine Yodel. Headline:
dialog: Young Girl’s Head Found in Laundry Basket
scene_heading: INT. COMMAND HEAD-QUARTERS. DAY
text: The next morning. An office decorated with flags,
text: shields, and swords. There is a large map on a broad
dialog: table with game pieces (chess, checkers, jacks, dice,
dialog: and dominoes) marking troops and munitions. Henckels
text: sits in a leather armchair drinking a cup of coffee
text: while he stares at the front page of the newspaper.
text: A first lieutenant stands over him holding a note-book
text: and an envelope labelled WIRE MESSAGE. He explains:
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: A radio telegram was delivered and signed
text: for by the girl at four a.m. The envelope
text: was found near the body, but its contents
dialog: were missing -- however: the telegraph
dialog: office always keeps a carbon of the
dialog: ticker-tape for twenty-four hours. I
text: copied it down. It reads as follows:
dialog: “pack your things stop be ready to leave
text: at moment’s notice stop hide-out is
dialog: vicinity of Gabelmeister’s Peak stop
dialog: destroy this message all my love full
dialog: stop.”
text: 
speaker_heading: HENCKELS
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Where’s the basket?
text: The lieutenant points across the room. Henckels sighs.
text: He stands up and walks over to a laundry basket on top
text: of a desk against the wall. Pause. He reaches into it
text: and lifts out, by the hair:
text: Serge’s sister's severed head.
text: TITLE:
dialog: Part 5: “Gabelmeister’s Peak”
scene_heading: INSERT:
text: The radio telegram -- which has been torn to shreds,
text: then carefully taped back together. It is speckled with
text: blood.
scene_heading: EXT. GAS STATION. DAY
text: A lone fuel-pump in front of a service-shack at the foot
text: of hill on a snowy, country road. A fourteen-year-old
text: attendant in a greasy jumpsuit fills the tank of
text: Jopling’s motorcycle. A sled-runner has been fitted over
text: the front wheel.
text: Jopling leans against the wall, silent, looking down at
text: the radio telegram in his hands. The attendant chirps:
speaker_heading: PUMP ATTENDANT
dialog: Where you headed, mister?
text: Pause. Jopling’s eye-balls turn to the attendant.
speaker_heading: PUMP ATTENDANT
dialog: Skiing? Sledding? Mountain climbing?
text: Jopling looks away again.
dialog: 88.
text: The attendant grows slightly uneasy. Jopling reaches
text: into his leather coat -- half-revealing, holstered
text: inside: a stiletto ice-pick, a black-jack bludgeon, a
text: Luger pistol, and a ball-peen hammer. He withdraws a
text: glass flask with a silver stopper and takes a pull. His
text: brass knuckles clack against it
text: The attendant clears his throat, pulls the nozzle out of
text: the tank, and says -- polite but quick:
speaker_heading: PUMP ATTENDANT
dialog: Three Klubecks, please.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN STATION. DAY
text: The Zubrowkian Alps. A high-altitude depot nestled in a
text: pass between two, craggy ridges. There is fresh powder
text: on the ground. Scattered flakes flicker in the air. A
text: sign along the tracks reads: Gabelmeister’s Peak.
text: Twenty-five soldiers armed with carbine rifles stand
text: spaced apart down the length of the platform, waiting.
text: The train rolls in. Doors open, and passengers with
text: skis, snowshoes, and suitcases step down and hurry into
text: the building and around its sides. The soldiers study
text: them, attentive, and peer inside the compartment
text: windows. The passengers continue until they have all
text: cleared-away, and the platform is quiet again. A train
text: conductor, leaning out from the end of a car, watches
text: the soldiers. The soldiers look to each other
text: tentatively.
text: A Sergeant jerks open a door and steps onto the train.
text: He looks around. He raises his chin, lifts his nose --
text: and sniffs the air. He looks irritated.
scene_heading: EXT. OBSERVATORY. DAY
text: The peak of an icy butte. A narrow, domed building
text: sticks up into the sky at the top. A steel balcony winds
text: around it with a platform that extends out over a
text: plunging drop into the white mist. A group of scientists
text: bundled in fur coats listens to a professor. A man on a
text: bench pours cocoa from a thermos. An eagle circles
text: overhead.
text: M. Gustave and Zero shiver at the end of the railing.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
text: It’s a hell of a view. I give them that,
dialog: for what it’s worth.
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: I agree.
dialog: 89.
text: Pause. M. Gustave checks his watch. He says with a
text: slightly bitter edge to his voice:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: When one says “mid-day” -- what does that
dialog: mean to you?
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: High noon.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Exactly. In other words, twelve p.m. At
dialog: least, that’s always been my
dialog: interpretation.
text: Silence. M. Gustave withdraws the small bottle of
text: cologne from his pocket, spritzes himself twice, hands
text: it to Zero who does the same automatically, then tucks
text: it back away again. He holds-out his palm under the
text: snow. He begins to recite:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: “'is oft’-remarked: no single, falling-
dialog: flake does any other in its pure and
dialog: perfect form --”
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: (tensely)
dialog: Somebody's coming.
text: A monk in a grey cloak and a thick scarf clanks up a
text: metal staircase. His face is old and wrinkled. He walks
text: directly out to M. Gustave and Zero and stops. He
text: studies them for a moment, frowning. He whispers:
speaker_heading: MONK #1
dialog: Are you M. Gustave of the Grand Budapest
dialog: Hotel in Nebelsbad?
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: Uh-huh.
speaker_heading: MONK #1
dialog: Get on the next cable-car.
text: The monk points.
text: A cable-car is just arriving down the sloping line from
text: an adjacent peak. M. Gustave hesitates. The monk urges
text: him on with a brusque motion. M. Gustave and Zero sprint
text: across the balcony, scramble down a flight of steps, and
text: race out onto the boarding platform. A family of six
text: waits in skiing costumes. They stare at M. Gustave and
text: Zero as they arrive, breathless. A tramway operator
text: holds open the door. Everyone boards, squeezing.
dialog: 90.
scene_heading: INT. AERIAL TRAM. DAY
text: The cable-car sets-off up and across the wide ravine. M.
text: Gustave and Zero sit side-by-side with the curious,
text: silent family. The father sniffs the air. He looks
text: irritated.
text: Half-way there: the cable-car slams to a stop with a
text: clunk.
text: Everyone is startled. The stalled vehicle sways in the
text: quiet wind. The father looks up. The mother looks down.
text: The children look to each other. In the distance: there
text: is a faint, mechanical hum. M. Gustave and Zero look
dialog: out.
text: Another cable-car is ascending at a diagonal on a
text: different line. They all watch as it slowly approaches.
text: Just as it is about to criss-cross their path: it slams
text: to a stop, too.
text: Another elderly, cloaked monk stares out from inside the
text: other cable-car. He is alone in the vehicle. He studies
text: M. Gustave and Zero for a moment, frowning. He whispers
dialog: loudly:
speaker_heading: MONK #2
dialog: Are you M. Gustave of the Grand Budapest
dialog: Hotel in Nebelsbad?
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: Uh-huh.
speaker_heading: MONK #2
dialog: Switch with me.
text: The monk unlatches the door of his cable-car and opens
text: it. The family watch nervously as M. Gustave and Zero
text: stand up, rocking the vehicle, open their own door, and
text: carefully exit. They reluctantly lunge across the
text: precarious abyss. The monk changes places with them.
text: There is another clunk, and the two cable-cars resume
dialog: their journeys.
text: M. Gustave and Zero exchange a look. Their new cable-car
text: continues up toward its destination. A sign above the
text: arrival platform reads: Our Holy Father of the
text: Sudetenwaltz. Directly below it, there is a walled fort
text: with a steeple and a tall stone cross.
text: Another tramway attendant holds the door open for them
text: as they disembark.
dialog: 91.
scene_heading: EXT. MONASTERY. DAY
text: M. Gustave and Zero walk down a staircase and through
text: the front gate into an empty church-yard. There are
text: walls and low buildings on the sides, a few graves in
text: the middle, and the entrance to a church at one end.
text: Pause.
text: A small window swings open next to M. Gustave and Zero.
text: Another elderly, cloaked monk stares out from inside a
text: caretaker’s booth. He studies them for a moment,
text: frowning. He whispers:
speaker_heading: MONK #3
dialog: Are you M. Gustave of the Grand Budapest
dialog: Hotel in Nebelsbad?
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: Uh-huh.
speaker_heading: MONK #3
dialog: Put these on and sing.
text: The monk thrusts a small bundle into M. Gustave’s hands.
text: It consists of: two cloaks and two hymnals. The echoing
text: sound of a Gregorian chant begins to rise from all
text: around. M. Gustave and Zero swiftly slip-on the cloaks
text: just as a procession of a hundred monks enters from two
text: directions, merges in the church-yard, and advances
text: double-file toward the chapel.
text: M. Gustave and Zero open their hymnals at random and
text: slip into the procession.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH. DAY
text: A blasting organ joins the chant inside a vast, austere
text: hall as the procession enters. The monks file into pews.
text: The music ends, and the room goes silent. Everyone
text: kneels. The monsignor at the altar places his hands on a
text: thick Bible and speaks Latin.
text: A voice behind M. Gustave and Zero says:
speaker_heading: MONK #4
speaker_heading: Psst.
text: M. Gustave and Zero turn around. Another elderly,
text: cloaked monk kneels on a kneeler behind them with his
text: hands folded in prayer. He studies them for a moment,
text: frowning. He whispers:
speaker_heading: MONK #4
dialog: Are you M. Gustave of the --
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: (irritated)
dialog: Yes, dammit.
speaker_heading: MONK #4
dialog: Confess.
text: M. Gustave looks deeply offended and flabbergasted. He
dialog: snaps:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: I’m innocent.
speaker_heading: MONK #4
dialog: (annoyed)
dialog: No, no.
text: The monk points to a confessional booth in the transept.
text: M. Gustave hesitates. He nods, realizing. He and Zero
text: look down the row of kneeling legs. They step up onto
text: the pew, slink quickly in a crouch to the aisle, then
text: hop down to the floor. Monks, watching them, frown.
text: M. Gustave and Zero hurry together into the confessional
text: booth and close the door.
scene_heading: INT. CONFESSIONAL. DAY
text: A dark, wooden box lined with purple velvet. It is a bit
text: tight for two. A panel slides open. Through the lattice
text: screen: Serge has aged a decade. His eyes are watery and
text: dim. He whispers immediately, reverent:
speaker_heading: SERGE
dialog: Forgive me, M. Gustave. I never meant to
dialog: betray you. They threatened my life, and
dialog: now they've murdered my only family.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: (frustrated)
dialog: No! Who'd they kill this time?
speaker_heading: SERGE
dialog: (deeply wounded)
dialog: My dear sister.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: (trying to picture her)
dialog: The girl with the club-foot?
speaker_heading: SERGE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Those fuckers.
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: SERGE
dialog: I tried to warn you. At the beginning.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: I know, darling. Let’s put that behind
dialog: us. Listen: I hate to put you on the
dialog: spot, but I really must ask you to clear
dialog: my name. Obviously, you're grieving, and
dialog: if I had any other --
speaker_heading: SERGE
dialog: There’s more.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: OK.
speaker_heading: SERGE
dialog: To the story.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: I get it. Go on.
speaker_heading: SERGE
dialog: I was the official witness in Madame D’s
dialog: presence to the creation of a second will
dialog: to be executed only in the event of her
dialog: death by murder.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: A second will.
speaker_heading: SERGE
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: In case she got bumped-off.
speaker_heading: SERGE
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Uh-huh?
speaker_heading: SERGE
dialog: But they destroyed it.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Oh, dear.
speaker_heading: SERGE
dialog: However.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Uh-huh?
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: SERGE
dialog: I pulled a copy.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: (beat)
dialog: A second copy of the second will
speaker_heading: SERGE
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Uh-huh?
text: Long pause. M. Gustave finally starts to lose his
text: composure. His voices rises:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Well, what does it say? Where is it?
dialog: What’s it all about, dammit? Don’t keep
dialog: us in suspense, Serge. This has been a
dialog: complete fucking nightmare. Just tell us
dialog: what the fuck is going on
text: The panel snaps shut. M. Gustave and Zero frown. The
text: organ blasts again outside the confessional, and the
text: church booms with low, eerie, singing voices. M. Gustave
text: tries to jerk the panel open, but it sticks. He bangs on
text: it with his fists.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Serge? Serge? Serge!
text: M. Gustave tries the door. It is locked. Zero peers at
text: the keyhole and says shortly:
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: Give me the pass-keys.
text: M. Gustave hesitates. He reaches into his pocket and
text: pulls out his ring of Grand Budapest pass-keys. Zero
text: rapidly flips through them, studying each key. He
text: settles on one, inserts it into the keyhole, jiggles it,
text: and twists. The lock clicks.
text: CUT TO:
text: M. Gustave and Zero jumping out from the confessional
text: booth. Zero darts to the other side and cracks open the
text: other door. He peeks-in and sees:
text: Serge with a bloody garotte-wire strung around his neck.
text: His eyes are wide-open, and his tongue sticks-out
text: slightly.
text: Zero grimaces. M. Gustave looks over his shoulder.
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Bloody hell. They've strangled the poor
dialog: slob!
text: M,. Gustave presses the door quietly shut again. He and
text: Zero both look frantically around the room.
text: One lone monk swings a smoking censor as he recesses
text: quickly down the center aisle while the rest of the
text: congregation stand in their pews singing. He steps
text: outside and ducks away around the corner.
text: M. Gustave and Zero’s eyes light up -- then narrow
text: fiercely. They run after the monk.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD. DAY
text: M. Gustave and Zero dash out the front doors. They skid
text: to a stop and scan the area. There is a display next to
text: the church entrance of a wooden saint on a sled being
text: pulled by a papier-maché reindeer. There is no one else
text: in sight.
text: A door creaks slowly in the wind outside a small shed
text: across the way. A sign above it reads: Ski Locker
text: (Clerical Use Only). A cloak and the still-smoldering
text: censor are strewn in the snow in front of it.
scene_heading: INSERT:
text: A pair of high-heeled boots clamping into a pair of ski-
dialog: clips.
scene_heading: INSERT:
text: A pair of hands with brass knuckles gripping onto on a
dialog: pair of ski-poles.
text: CUT TO:
text: Jopling (without cloak, on skis) exploding out the door
text: of the shed, making a hard pivot, and launching through
text: the monastery gate, down the steep slope.
text: M. Gustave and Zero watch in shock.
text: Zero turns to the display next to them. He leaps over to
text: it, kicks-off the saint, flips-away the reindeer, and
text: shoves the sled full-speed across the church-yard. He
text: shouts:
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: Come on!
text: M. Gustave chases after Zero, and they jump onboard just
text: as the sled dips sharply and accelerates like mad down
dialog: 96.
text: the mountain. Zero hangs onto a short rope knotted to
text: the front. M. Gustave hangs onto Zero.
text: Jopling, skiing superbly up ahead, looks back. He sees
text: M. Gustave and Zero closing-in. He frowns. He makes a
text: quick detour through a gap in the trees, and races down
text: a narrow, zig-zag path.
text: Zero jerks the rope and follows Jopling. The sled
text: bounces and bumps, skids and slides. Zero shouts:
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: What do we do if we catch him?
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I don’t know! He’s a homicidal
dialog: psychopath! Let’s stop!
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: I can’t! I can barely steer
text: Jopling ramps over the sloped roof of a shuttered café
text: and lands cleanly. M. Gustave and Zero duck and shoot
text: under it, banging between tables, scattering chairs, and
text: rattling off the terrace.
text: A group of hikers in snow-shoes walks single-file across
text: the slope. They hurry to one side in a panic to dodge
text: Jopling, then immediately hurry back to the other to
dialog: dodge M. Gustave and Zero.
text: A long, paper banner rustles in the wind. It reads:
text: Gabelmeister’s Peak, Winter Games. Jopling snaps through
text: it and shoots out onto an abandoned bob-sled run. He
text: balances nimbly as he rockets down the ice. M. Gustave
text: and Zero burst onto the track behind him, skittering
text: through the corners. They grit their teeth and hang on,
text: terrified.
text: At the end of the run, Jopling jolts sideways,
text: scratching across the track and showering splinters of
text: ice, then zips up into the air and lands on the snow at
text: the side of a road directly next to his parked
text: motorcycle. He watches as:
text: M. Gustave and Zero come flying down the bob-sled run at
text: break-neck speed, slam into a dense bank at the bottom
text: and soar into a high arc. The sled flips and twirls,
text: then hits the ground and splits into three pieces. Zero
text: bashes head-first into the deep snow and disappears --
text: except for his feet and ankles sticking out into the
text: air, motionless. M. Gustave smacks onto the ice and
text: slides, spinning, off the edge of a cliff. Silence.
dialog: 97.
text: Jopling takes a drink from his flask. He unclips his
text: skis. He walks slowly past Zero’s frozen legs and
text: approaches the precipice.
text: M. Gustave is clutching onto a knob of jagged ice while
text: his feet dangle above a rocky chasm a thousand feet
text: deep. He stares up at Jopling, frightened but furious.
dialog: He says quietly:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: You sick, pathetic creep. I hate you.
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Run, Zero! Save yourself, I suppose!
text: Zero’s feet are frozen in place. A distant wolf howls.
text: Pause.
text: Jopling lifts his foot and stomps his boot down with all
text: his might. The ice crackles and fissures. M. Gustave
text: sighs miserably. He swallows. Jopling stomps again. The
text: ice around M. Gustave begins to crumble. As Jopling
text: continues to stomp, over and over, M. Gustave sadly
dialog: recites:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: “'T£ this do be me end: farewell!’ cried
text: the wounded piper-boy, whilst the muskets
dialog: cracked and the yeomen roared, ‘Hurrah!’
dialog: and the ramparts fell. ‘Methinks me
dialog: breathes me last, me fears!’ said he --"
text: 
text: There is a powerful thump, and Jopling flies head-first,
text: screaming, off the cliff over M. Gustave’s head. Zero,
text: in the midst of a diving shove, lands on his face and
text: nearly goes over the edge, himself. He is covered with
text: snow. M. Gustave shouts, ecstatic:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Holy shit! You got him!
text: Far, far below: Jopling’s arms and legs flail as he
text: disappears down into the deepest reaches of the chasm.
text: M. Gustave says proudly in elation:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Well-done, Zero!
text: M. Gustave looks greatly relieved as he continues to
text: hang precariously and his fingers stiffen toward frost-
text: bite. Zero gasps for an instant, then thrusts his arms
text: down, stretching, to seize M. Gustave by the wrists.
text: CUT TO:
dialog: 98.
text: A binocular shot of Zero dragging M. Gustave back up
text: onto solid ground. They dust the snow off their bodies
dialog: and catch their breath.
text: Henckels’ voice shouts over a megaphone:
speaker_heading: HENCKELS (0.S.)
dialog: Halt!
text: M. Gustave and Zero look across the hill-side to the
text: next slope. A hundred advancing troops hurry toward
text: them, descending swiftly. The tiny figure of Henckels at
text: the head of the squadron continues forcefully:
speaker_heading: HENCKELS
dialog: Gustave H! You're a fugitive from
dialog: justice! Do not attempt to flee
dialog: Surrender lawfully, and I personally
dialog: vouchsafe your fair treatment! Repeat: do
dialog: not attempt to flee!
text: M,. Gustave turns to Zero. Zero says, unsure:
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: What do you think?
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: (weary)
dialog: I don’t know. I'd rather jump off this
dialog: cliff right now than go back to fucking
dialog: prison.
text: M. Gustave looks lost and tired. Zero stares at him. He
text: nods. He says calmly:
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: I say we steal that sick maniac’s
dialog: motorcycle, go fetch Agatha, take back
dialog: “Boy with Apple”, and head for the
dialog: Maltese Riviera, once and for all
text: M. Gustave’s face lightens. He is moved and deeply
text: impressed.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Very good! You're so extraordinary, Zero.
dialog: Thank you.
dialog: (gravely)
text: A moment of silence in memoriam of a
dialog: devoted servant killed violently during
dialog: the conduct of his duties.
text: M,. Gustave and Zero stare solemnly into space for about
text: five seconds. Bloodhounds bark in the far distance. Zero
dialog: says quietly:
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: Good-bye, Serge.
text: M. Gustave nods suddenly. He and Zero break into a
text: sprint, race over to the motorcycle, and jump on. Zero
text: kick-starts the engine, and M. Gustave, on the rear
text: fender, hangs on tightly as they rumble away down the
text: icy road.
text: CUT TO:
text: Henckels watching from the distance. He lowers his
text: binoculars. He looks worried.
speaker_heading: MR. MOUSTAFA (V.O.)
dialog: The war began at midnight.
text: CUT TO:
text: M. Gustave and Zero winding along the highway. Zero
text: yells back over his shoulder:
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: What’s it like, by the way? The Maltese
dialog: Riviera!
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Charming, really! The weather's
dialog: exquisite. The local cuisine is simple
dialog: but excellent! The people are warm, kind,
dialog: honest! Rather dusky-complexioned. You’11
dialog: fit right in, actually!
text: Zero nods, pleased.
text: TITLE:
dialog: 24 Hours Later
dialog: MONTAGE:
text: various white-gloved hands in action: one rings a bell
text: on the concierge desk with a quick tap. Another slips an
text: envelope into a message box. Another picks-up a room key
text: off a hook. Another forcefully shakes a cocktail-shaker
dialog: full of ice.
speaker_heading: MR. MOUSTAFA (V.0.)
dialog: Pffeifelstad fell by lunch under heavy
text: shelling, and the Zig-zags surged across
dialog: the long, western border. The Lutz Blitz
dialog: would last all winter.
scene_heading: INSERT:
dialog: 100.
text: A martini glass. The drink is poured neatly -- then
text: stirred with a “Z-2" swizzle-stick.
speaker_heading: MR. MOUSTAFA (V.0.)
dialog: High-command advanced to Nebelsbad.
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY. DAY
text: The hotel is busier than ever, and every man in the room
text: is in uniform. “Z-2" symbols are plastered across every
dialog: conceivable surface.
text: Agatha comes in the front doors carrying a tall stack of
text: pink, card-board pastry-boxes. A soldier seated at a
text: small desk blocking the entrance looks up from his
text: ledger-book. He frowns. Agatha explains:
speaker_heading: AGATHA
dialog: Compliments of Herr Mendl. For the
dialog: Executive Staff.
text: Agatha takes a smaller box off the top of the stack and
text: sets it down in front of the soldier. The soldier
text: hesitates. He opens the box and sees inside: one
text: Courtesan au chocolat. He looks back up to Agatha,
text: hopeful. She nods. He signals for her to proceed.
text: An officer with a crew-cut mans the concierge desk. A
text: badge on his chest reads: Military Concierge. He is M.
text: Chuck. Mr. Mosher stands beside him taking notes while
dialog: he dictates orders:
speaker_heading: M. CHUCK
text: General Stieglitz requests a garden-view
text: sitting-room with an extra roll-away.
dialog: Let’s put him in the Duke Leopold Suite.
dialog: Secretary Woroniecki’s office cabled.
dialog: He’s checking-in a day early (rooms 401-2-
dialog: 3). Tell Tactical Logistics we’re moving
dialog: them to a standard-double on the third
text: floor.
speaker_heading: MR. MOSHER
dialog: (skeptical)
dialog: They’1l need more space than that.
text: Mr. Mosher points to a group of four soldiers carrying a
text: ping-pong table through the lobby. Agatha waits calmly
text: while they pass. She pauses, looks left and right, then
text: ducks through a curtain below a sign that reads: Staff
text: Only. She dashes up a staircase
text: CUT TO:
text: The storage pantry adjacent to the vault. Agatha comes
text: in and sets aside her boxes. She immediately stands on a
dialog: 101.
text: chair and runs her hand along the top of a picture rail
text: near the ceiling. She finds a brass key. She unlocks the
text: outer door of the vault and slides it open -- revealing
dialog: the inner one (which has a combination lock).
text: 
text: Agatha reaches into her pocket and withdraws Zero’s hand-
text: written square of tissue-paper and a small magnifying
text: glass. She squints and studies the tiny document. She
text: quickly spins the dial and opens the door.
text: Agatha whips the fur stole off the radiator.
text: Agatha pulls out the wrapped painting
text: Agatha tucks the package under her arm, exits the vault,
text: and re-locks the doors.
scene_heading: INT. VAN. DAY
text: The entrance to the hotel. “Z-Z" banners hang from every
text: awning. A dozen Zubrowkian flags wave and rustle in a
text: row. Crests, heralds, and insignias are displayed in
text: vitrines, doors, and windows. A chanting platoon marches
text: up the promenade, and a soldier in a pilot’s cap sits
text: smoking a cigarette on top of a parked tank next to the
dialog: funicular.
text: M. Gustave and Zero wait, tense, in a parked delivery
text: truck with Mendl’s painted in delicate, pink cursive
text: across the side. The engine idles. Zero is at the wheel.
text: He and M. Gustave both wear white caps and aprons. M.
text: Gustave says, deeply disgusted, as he stares at the new
dialog: ornamentation:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: The beginning of the end of the end of
text: the beginning -- has begun. A sad finale
text: played, off-key, on a broken-down saloon
text: piano in the outskirts of a forgotten
dialog: ghost town. I’d rather not bear witness
dialog: to such blasphemy.
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: Me, neither.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: (elegiac)
dialog: The Grand Budapest has become a troop’s
dialog: barracks. I shall never cross its
dialog: threshold again in my lifetime.
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: Me, neither.
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: (on a roll)
dialog: Never again shall --
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: (alarmed)
dialog: Actually, I think we might be going in
dialog: right now, after all.
text: Zero points to a long, silver limousine (last seen
text: parked in front of the Desgoffe und Taxis mansion in
text: Lutz) as it pulls up the drive and stops between the
text: Mendl’s van and the entrance to the hotel. A liveried
text: chauffeur jumps out and opens one of the back doors.
text: Dmitri emerges.
text: M. Gustave and Zero crouch down low in their seats. M.
text: Gustave whispers with contempt:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Dmitri.
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: (whispering, worried)
dialog: Agatha.
text: M. Gustave and Zero watch as: Marguerite, Laetizia, and
text: Carolina exit from the other side of the car, and an
text: eager team of bellboys springs into action collecting
text: their numerous bags and suitcases out of the trunk and
text: off the roof-rack of the vehicle.
text: CUT TO:
text: Agatha poking her head back into the lobby from behind
text: the curtain. She starts toward the front door, but
text: pauses as she sees:
text: Dmitri and his sisters. They enter and are immediately
text: greeted by M. Chuck. A large assembly of maids and
text: footman stand in a row at attention to receive these
dialog: distinguished guests.
speaker_heading: M. CHUCK
dialog: Good evening, Mr. Desgoffe und Taxis. I’m
dialog: M. Chuck. We’ve booked you and your
dialog: sisters in the King Ferdinand suite.
text: Dmitri shakes hands coolly. As M. Chuck introduces
dialog: himself to Marguerite, Laetizia, and Carolina -- Dmitri
text: spots Agatha. He stares at her, curious. She looks back
text: at him, uneasy. He focusses-in on the package under her
text: arm. She turns away and walks quickly deeper into the
text: lobby. Dmitri frowns.
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: M. CHUCK
dialog: General von Shrecker personally asked me
dialog: to make sure --
speaker_heading: DMITRI
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Excuse me.
text: Dmitri bolts into the room.
text: Agatha’s eyes dart, searching for an escape-route, as
text: she zooms among the tables, couches, tea-trays,
dialog: officers, waiters, and bellboys
text: At the concierge desk: Henckels looks up from signing
text: the guest book. He watches Agatha pass. He watches
text: Dmitri grimly pursuing her. He looks intrigued.
text: Agatha bee-lines into the elevator. The elevator
text: operator looks to her and waits. She hesitates. She
text: names the top floor:
speaker_heading: AGATHA
dialog: Six.
text: Just as the elevator operator starts to shut the gate --
dialog: a voice commands him:
speaker_heading: DMITRI (0.S.)
dialog: Hold it.
text: The elevator operator pauses. Dmitri enters and stands
text: next to Agatha. He stares ahead into space and repeats:
speaker_heading: DMITRI
dialog: Six.
text: The elevator operator slams the door.
text: Henckels watches from across the lobby. He says to
dialog: Anatole:
speaker_heading: HENCKELS
dialog: Get M. Chuck.
text: Anatole nods and dashes away.
text: At the front door: M. Gustave and Zero stride into the
text: building holding two tall stacks of pink, card-board
text: pastry-boxes. They stop. M. Gustave says warmly:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Compliments of Herr Mendl.
dialog: 104.
text: The soldier at the desk blocking the entrance looks up.
text: He is half-way through his Courtesan au chocolat. He has
text: butter-cream on his moustache.
text: CUT TO:
text: Henckels on his way up the steps followed by M. Chuck.
text: They stop at the next floor, look up and down the
text: corridor, then continue climbing
text: CUT TO:
text: Mr. Mosher staring, curious; Herr Becker watching,
text: surprised; and Anatole gaping, mouth-open -- at: M.
text: Gustave and Zero crossing speedily through the center of
text: the lobby with their stacked boxes, looking around in
text: every direction as they go. They arrive at the closed
text: elevator doors. A Lobby Boy stands next to it. He has
text: curly hair and looks to be about sixteen. He is Otto.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Have you seen a pastry-girl with a
dialog: package under her arm in the last minute
dialog: and a half?
dialog: orro
dialog: Yep! She just got on the elevator with
dialog: Mr. Desgoffe und Taxis.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: (irritated)
dialog: Thank you.
text: M,. Gustave and Zero look up at the wall. Something is
text: gnawing at them both.
scene_heading: INSERT:
text: The needle above the elevator entrance. It climbs past
text: Four toward Five.
text: M. Gustave and Zero start to dash away -- but Zero stops
text: short and turns back. He says quickly to Otto:
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: I’m sorry. Who are you?
dialog: orto
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: Otto, sir. The new Lobby Boy.
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: Well, you haven't been trained properly,
dialog: Otto. A Lobby Boy never provides
dialog: (more)
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: ZERO (cont'd)
dialog: information of that kind. You’re a stone
dialog: wall. Understood?
dialog: orto
dialog: (anxious )
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: M. Gustave and Zero exchange a quick look: well-handled.
text: They run.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR. DAY
text: As the lift ascends:
text: Dmitri casts a side-ways look to Agatha. She stares
text: ahead and avoids his eyes. He looks away.
text: Agatha casts a side-ways look to Dmitri. He snaps his
text: head suddenly to look at her. She turns away again
text: immediately, stricken.
text: Dmitri reaches out toward Agatha. She retreats further
text: into the corner. He touches the package under her arm
text: with his long fingers and peels-back the edge of the
text: wrapping-paper -- revealing a white hand holding a
text: golden apple. He says quietly:
speaker_heading: DMITRI
text: Pretty picture.
text: Agatha does not respond. They come to a stop, and the
text: elevator operator opens the gate.
speaker_heading: ELEVATOR OPERATOR
text: Sixth floor.
text: Neither Agatha nor Dmitri move. Silence. The elevator
text: operator turns around slightly to look at them.
text: Agatha exits. The elevator operator starts to close the
text: door, but Dmitri holds up a finger. He follows Agatha.
text: The gate closes behind him.
text: Agatha walks swiftly but calmly down the long corridor.
text: She looks back. Dmitri walks behind her, equally swiftly
text: and significantly more calmly, thirty feet back. Agatha
text: turns a corner.
text: Dmitri cracks his knuckles as he continues. He clears
text: his throat. He turns the corner now, himself, and sees:
text: Agatha running as fast as she can, already sixty feet
text: ahead, nearly at the end of the corridor. She looks back
text: again as she disappears around the next corner.
dialog: 106.
text: Dmitri breaks into a full sprint. In five seconds, he
text: reaches the end of the hallway. He stops and looks down
text: the next corridor.
text: It is empty. Pause.
text: At the far end: a pair of doors labelled SERVICE
text: ELEVATOR slide open. M. Gustave and Zero stand inside it
text: with their stacked boxes. Dmitri’s eyes widen. He
text: shouts:
speaker_heading: DMITRI
dialog: Where’s “Boy with Apple”?
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: (pause)
dialog: None of your goddamn business
speaker_heading: DMITRI
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: I’m going to blast your candy-ass once
dialog: and for all right now!
text: Dmitri instantly leans down, lifts up his trouser leg,
text: and draws a small-calibre hand-gun from a strap under
text: his sock. He fires.
text: M, Gustave and Zero throw their boxes in every direction
text: and duck to the sides of the elevator. Dmitri fires
dialog: again. Bullets ricochet.
text: A door opens half-way down the corridor. An officer
text: wearing his uniform tunic but no trousers looks out at
text: Dmitri, alerted, with a Luger pistol in his hand.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: Drop your weapon!
text: Dmitri fires three more times into the service elevator.
text: The officer fires back at Dmitri. Dmitri ducks behind a
text: xoom-service cart and quickly re-loads. More doors open
text: up and down the corridor, and more armed officers in
text: various states of dress/undress look out.
text: Dmitri pops up again and resumes his barrage. All the
text: officers open fire at once, shooting, apparently at
text: random, in both directions. Henckels appears suddenly at
text: the top of the stairs with his own firearm drawn. M.
text: Chuck hurries behind him. Henckels ducks down low and
text: screams:
speaker_heading: HENCKELS
dialog: Cease fire! Cease fire! Stop it!
text: The gunfire pauses. Everyone remains poised for the next
text: volley. Henckels hollers:
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: HENCKELS
dialog: Who's shooting who?
speaker_heading: DMITRI
dialog: (behind his barricade)
dialog: That’s Gustave H! The escaped murderer
dialog: and art thief! I’ve got him cornered!
text: M. Gustave and Zero remain tucked against the walls on
text: the floor of the service elevator. M. Gustave yells,
dialog: enraged:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: That’s Dmitri Desgoffe und Taxis! He’s
dialog: responsible for the killings of Deputy
dialog: Kovacs, Serge X. and his club-footed
dialog: sister, plus his own mother!
speaker_heading: HENCKELS
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: Nobody move! Everybody's under arrest!
text: There is a loud creak, then a crashing bang. M. Chuck
text: squints at an open window in a small alcove across from
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: M. CHUCK
dialog: Who's out the window?
text: Zero looks to M. Gustave. He says, under his breath:
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: Agatha!
text: Zero sprints out of the service elevator and races up
text: the corridor. Dmitri starts shooting again. The entire
text: group opens fire once more. Zero races, crouched, with
text: his hands over his head, and ducks into the alcove. His
text: head thrusts out the window. He looks down
text: CUT TO:
text: Agatha swinging by one hand from a broken trellis off
text: the end of a terrace three flights below. She hangs onto
text: the wrapped painting with her other hand. She notices
text: something on it and frowns.
scene_heading: INSERT:
text: The dangling package. A section of the wrapping paper
text: has torn away, and the corner of a pale-pink envelope is
text: visible pasted to the back of the picture.
text: Zero stares down at Agatha, horrified. He mutters to
dialog: himself:
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: 310-bis!
dialog: (shouting to Agatha)
dialog: Hang on! Here I come!
text: Zero races back through the hail of bullets. He darts
text: past Henckels and down the stairwell. He descends three
text: flights. He crosses the corridor and stops in front of a
text: door labelled “310-bis”. A sign on the knob reads: Do
dialog: Not Disturb.
text: Zero hesitates an instant.
text: Zero raps briskly, retreats back across the corridor,
text: lowers his shoulder, and charges with all his strength.
text: Just as he reaches the door, it swings open to reveal a
text: small, bearded man in a long night-gown. He side-steps
dialog: Zero.
text: Zero stumbles full-speed through the sitting-room and
text: out the wide-open terrace doors. He slams against the
text: balcony railing and flips over it. Agatha releases the
text: package and grabs Zero’s shirt as he somersaults over
dialog: her.
text: Zero’s weight jerks Agatha down with a jolt. They fall
dialog: together.
text: Four floors down, Zero and Agatha punch-through the
text: canvas roof over the back of the Mendl’s van and
text: disappear inside. Silence.
scene_heading: INT. VAN. DAY
text: Zero sits up among the chaotic pile of scattered and
text: upturned pink, card-board pastry-boxes. He gasps and
text: digs for Agatha. She surfaces.
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: Agatha! Are you all right?
speaker_heading: AGATHA
dialog: (dazed)
dialog: I think so.
text: Zero embraces Agatha. He kisses her passionately. He
text: looks into her eyes. She says, woozy:
speaker_heading: AGATHA
text: Something’s on the back of the picture.
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: (confused)
dialog: What?
dialog: 109.
text: Agatha holds a piece of the torn and crumbled wrapping
text: paper. She and Zero both look straight up.
text: CUT TO:
text: Zero and Agatha’s point-of-view through the hole punched
text: in the roof of the van. Seven floors up, M. Gustave,
text: Henckels, and M. Chuck lean out the window staring down
text: at them, frozen, while other officers lean out other
text: windows all across the facade. Four floors up, “Boy with
text: Apple”, unwrapped, hangs upside-down from a wire below
text: the balcony. It swings gently.
scene_heading: INSERT:
text: The painting, upside-down. A pair of hands flips it over
text: to reveal the pale-pink envelope on the reverse.
text: TITLE:
dialog: Part 6: “The Second Copy of the Second Will”
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM. DAY
dialog: The entire, vast assembly of officers and soldiers
text: stands crowded, murmuring, around a table in the
text: restaurant where M. Gustave, Zero, and Dmitri, all in
text: hand-cuffs, sit across from Henckels. Agatha stands
text: behind Zero. Marguerite, Laetizia, and Carolina stand
text: behind Dmitri. M. Chuck stands behind Henckels.
text: Henckels carefully peels the envelope loose from the
text: back of the canvas. He slits it open with a pocket-knife
text: and removes a hand-written letter on pale-pink paper. He
text: skims it, then looks to M. Gustave.
speaker_heading: MR. MOUSTAFA (V.O.)
dialog: She left everything to M. Gustave, of
dialog: course.
scene_heading: INT. COURT ROOM. DAY
text: M. Gustave on the witness stand. He wears his concierge
text: uniform and is immaculate. The jury listens, enraptured
text: by his testimony. The judge sniffs the air. He looks
text: irritated.
speaker_heading: MR. MOUSTAFA (V.O.)
dialog: The mansion, known as Schloss Lutz; the
dialog: factories, which produced weapons,
dialog: medicine, and textiles; an important
dialog: newspaper syndicate; and (perhaps you've
dialog: already deduced) this very “institution”
text: -- the Grand Budapest Hotel.
dialog: 110.
dialog: Zero, Agatha, Herr Becker, Mr. Mosher, and Anatole
text: watch, entertained, from the gallery.
scene_heading: INSERT:
text: The front page of the Trans-Alpine Yodel. Headline:
dialog: Cleared of All Charges
text: A photograph shows M. Gustave with the entire staff
text: posing in front of the Grand Budapest. A column below
text: the fold reads, “Son of Murdered Countess Disappears
dialog: without Trace.”
text: CUT TO:
text: Zero behind the concierge desk. He now wears a uniform
text: identical to M. Gustave’s. He rattles off instructions
dialog: to Mr. Mosher, Herr Becker, Anatole, and M. Chuck.
speaker_heading: MR. MOUSTAFA (V.O.)
dialog: He anointed me his successor; and, as the
dialog: war continued, I served my adopted
text: country from the narrow desk still found
text: against the wall in the next room.
text: Across the lobby, M. Gustave sits drinking a cocktail
text: with a beautiful, begemmed, ninety-year-old woman. His
text: hand rests on her thigh.
speaker_heading: MR. MOUSTAFA (V.O.)
dialog: He was the same as his disciples:
dialog: insecure, vain, superficial, blonde,
dialog: needy. In the end, he was even rich.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAIN RANGE. DAY
text: The facade of the Grand Budapest at sunset. The camera
text: glides along the path through the plot of edelweiss and
dialog: buttercups.
speaker_heading: MR. MOUSTAFA (V.O.)
dialog: He did not succeed, however, in growing
dialog: old -- nor did my darling Agatha. She and
dialog: our infant son would be killed two years
dialog: later by the Prussian grippe. (An absurd
dialog: little disease. Today, we treat it in a
dialog: single week; but, in those days, many
dialog: millions died.)
text: The camera comes to a stop as it reveals the view from
text: the iron-lattice terrace over the crevasse alongside the
text: cascade.
text: Zero and Agatha hold hands while M. Gustave reads from a
text: Bible, officiating. The other witnesses are: the staff
dialog: lll.
dialog: of the hotel and the concierges of the Society of the
text: Crossed Keys.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN COMPARTMENT. DAY
text: A first-class state-room on the express to Lutz. M.
text: Gustave, Zero, and Agatha each hold a glass of chilled,
dialog: white wine.
speaker_heading: MR. MOUSTAFA (V.O.)
dialog: On the first day of the occupation, the
dialog: morning the independent state of Zubrowka
dialog: officially ceased to exist, we traveled
dialog: with M. Gustave to Lutz.
text: M. Gustave checks the color of the wine in the light. It
dialog: is excellent. Pause.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: In answer to your earlier question, by
dialog: the way: of course.
text: Zero looks slightly puzzled. M. Gustave explains, aside,
dialog: to Agatha:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Zero asked me about my humble beginnings
dialog: in the hotel trade.
dialog: (to Zero and Agatha both)
dialog: I was, perhaps, for a time, considered
dialog: the best Lobby Boy we’d ever had at the
dialog: Grand Budapest. I think I can say that.
dialog: This one --
dialog: (pointing to Zero)
dialog: -- finally surpassed me. Although, I must
dialog: say, he had an exceptional teacher.
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: (with great affection)
dialog: Truly.
speaker_heading: AGATHA
dialog: (reciting)
dialog: “Whence came these two, radiant
dialog: celestial brothers, united, for an
dialog: instant, as they crossed the stratosphere
dialog: of our starry window? One from the East,
dialog: and one from the West.”
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: (impressed)
dialog: Very good.
text: M. Gustave kisses Agatha’s hand. Zero frowns.
dialog: 112.
speaker_heading: ZERO
dialog: Don't flirt with her.
dialog: (suddenly)
dialog: Why are we stopping at a barley field
dialog: again?
text: The train has, in fact, come to a halt in the middle of
text: nowhere again -- but, this time, outside the window
text: there are tanks, trucks, and a hundred soldiers in black
text: uniforms with long coats. M. Gustave, Zero, and Agatha
text: stare out at them, uneasy.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: I find these black uniforms very drab. I
dialog: suppose they’re meant to frighten people,
dialog: but --
text: Three soldiers appear in the compartment doorway. They
text: are stocky, thick-necked, and armed with carbine rifles.
text: M. Gustave says with his usual air of fancy-meeting-you-
dialog: here:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Well, hello there, chaps. We were just
dialog: talking about you.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER #1
dialog: (blankly)
dialog: Documents, please.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: With pleasure -- as always.
text: M. Gustave and Agatha withdraw their passports and
text: present them to the soldier. The soldier flips through
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: You're the first of the enemy forces to
dialog: whom we’ve been formally introduced. How
dialog: do you do?
text: The soldier ignores this comment. He returns the
text: passports to M. Gustave and Agatha and looks to Zero.
text: Zero nervously hands him his little scrap of paper. The
text: soldier frowns and studies it. M. Gustave smiles. He
dialog: says lightly:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: Plus ¢a change, am I right?
dialog: (to the soldier)
dialog: That’s a Migratory Visa with Stage Three
dialog: Worker Status, darling. Read this.
text: M. Gustave hands the soldier Henckels’ special document.
text: The soldier shows it to his associates. They confer
dialog: 113.
text: rapidly at a whisper. There is some debate. Before M.
text: Gustave can work his magic -- the soldier rips the
dialog: special document to shreds.
text: Pause.
text: M. Gustave looks to Zero. Zero and Agatha are both
text: stunned and frightened. M. Gustave seems to smile very
text: slightly, reassuring them, and somehow sends a sincere,
dialog: private message:
dialog: Good luck.
text: M. Gustave’s jaw hardens. He pegs his glass of wine at
text: the soldier, shattering it, and explodes:
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: You filthy, goddamn, pock-marked, fascist
dialog: assholes!
text: M. Gustave is instantly on his feet, tussling. Zero
text: jumps up to intervene, trying to calm everyone down --
text: and is immediately bashed in the face with the stock of
text: a rifle and dropped to the floor, out cold. M. Gustave
text: shouts and struggles. Agatha screams
speaker_heading: MR. MOUSTAFA (V.O.)
text: There are still faint glimmers of
dialog: civilization left in this barbaric
dialog: slaughterhouse that was once known as
dialog: humanity.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR. DAY
text: The three soldiers whisk M. Gustave, now in hand-cuffs,
text: out of the compartment and man-handle him down the
text: length of the coach while he shouts furiously, berating
dialog: them
speaker_heading: M. GUSTAVE
dialog: I give you my word: I'll see all three of
dialog: you dishonorably discharged, locked-up in
dialog: the stockade, and hanged by sundown
dialog: (screaming in rage)
dialog: Where is your commanding officer?
text: CUT TO:
text: Zero with his head out the window of the once-again
text: speeding train. A significant volume of blood runs from
text: his forehead around his eye and down into his shirt-
text: collar, soaked deep red. He clutches his little scrap of
text: paper in his fist. The wind rustles against his neck.
text: His mouth is open. His face is frozen. Tears stream down
text: his cheeks.
dialog: 114.
speaker_heading: MR. MOUSTAFA (V.O.)
dialog: (re: “glimmers of civilization”)
dialog: He was one of them. What more is there to
dialog: say?
text: Agatha, also in tears, pulls Zero back inside.
text: CUT TO:
text: The dining room. Mr. Moustafa and the author sit in
text: front of their desserts: Courtesans au chocolat. They
text: are the last remaining guests in the giant restaurant. A
dialog: waiter sets places for breakfast at tables in the
text: background.
text: Two glasses of sweet wine are served. Mr. Moustafa and
text: the author sip them. The author asks gently:
speaker_heading: AUTHOR
dialog: What happened in the end?
speaker_heading: MR. MOUSTAFA
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: In the end, they shot him.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: So it all went to me.
text: Mr. Moustafa smiles sadly. He and the author begin to
text: eat their confections in silence. They appear to enjoy
dialog: them very much.
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY. NIGHT
text: The room is deserted, and the lights have been dimmed.
text: Mr. Moustafa and the author wait at the concierge desk.
dialog: It is not occupied.
speaker_heading: AUTHOR (V.0.)
dialog: After dinner, we went to collect the keys
dialog: to our rooms -- but M. Jean had abandoned
dialog: his post.
text: Mr. Moustafa looks around. He shrugs. He says,
dialog: bittersweet:
speaker_heading: MR. MOUSTAFA
dialog: I expect he’s forgotten all about us.
text: Mr. Moustafa winks at the author and slips around behind
text: the concierge desk.
speaker_heading: AUTHOR (V.0.)
dialog: In recent years, of course, such
dialog: properties and holdings as the Grand
dialog: Budapest had with very few exceptions
dialog: become -- common property.
dialog: 115.
text: Mr. Moustafa takes great pleasure as he: opens a drawer
text: and tidies up its contents slightly; pulls a stack of
text: envelopes out of a slot, flips through them, and hands
dialog: one to the author; straightens “Boy with Apple”
text: slightly; then takes two keys off their hooks.
speaker_heading: AUTHOR (V.0.)
dialog: While the precise terms of his
dialog: negotiation with the new government had
dialog: never been announced, the result was an
dialog: open secret: Zero Moustafa had traded a
dialog: great and important fortune in exchange
dialog: for one costly, unprofitable, doomed
dialog: hotel. Why?
scene_heading: INSERT:
text: The author’s room key as Mr. Moustafa places it onto the
text: desk. It is labelled M. GUSTAVE SUITE.
speaker_heading: AUTHOR (V.0.)
dialog: Was it merely sentimental?
text: Mr. Moustafa holds the author by the arm with two hands
text: as the author walks him the length of the room to the
dialog: elevator.
speaker_heading: AUTHOR (V.0.)
dialog: It was quite forward of me and a bit out
dialog: of character, but I felt I must know --
dialog: for my health, I suppose. I took the
dialog: plunge.
text: CUT TO:
text: One minute later. Mr. Moustafa and the author stand at
text: the entrance to the elevator facing each other. Silence.
text: The author says suddenly, slightly worried:
speaker_heading: AUTHOR
dialog: Forgive me for asking. I hope I haven’t
dialog: upset you.
speaker_heading: MR. MOUSTAFA
dialog: (dismissing it)
dialog: Of course, not.
speaker_heading: AUTHOR
dialog: (long pause)
dialog: Is it simply your last connection to that
dialog: -- vanished world? His world, if you
dialog: will?
speaker_heading: MR. MOUSTAFA
dialog: (doubtful)
dialog: His world?
dialog: 116.
text: Mr. Moustafa considers this. He shakes his head slowly.
speaker_heading: MR. MOUSTAFA
dialog: No, I don’t think so. You see, we shared
dialog: a vocation. It wouldn’t have been
dialog: necessary. He’s always with me
dialog: (pause)
dialog: No, the hotel -- I keep for Agatha
text: Mr. Moustafa pulls up his lapel slightly and shows the
text: author Agatha’s crossed-keys pendant pinned to his
text: jacket. He hides it away again
speaker_heading: MR. MOUSTAFA
dialog: We were happy here. For a little while.
text: The author nods solemnly. Mr. Moustafa presses a button
text: to call the elevator. It immediately opens. He starts to
text: enter -- but puts up his hand to hold the door as he
text: stops, turns back, and says:
speaker_heading: MR. MOUSTAFA
dialog: To be frank, I think his world had
dialog: vanished long before he ever entered it -.
dialog: but, I will say: he certainly sustained
dialog: the illusion with a marvelous grace!
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Are you going up?
speaker_heading: AUTHOR
dialog: (politely)
dialog: No, I'll sit for a little while. Good
dialog: night.
speaker_heading: MR. MOUSTAFA
dialog: Good night.
text: Mr. Moustafa steps inside. He presses a button and the
text: doors close. The author stands still, staring into
text: space. He sniffs the air. He smiles sadly.
speaker_heading: AUTHOR (V.0.)
dialog: The next week, I sailed for a cure in
dialog: South America and began a long, wandering
dialog: journey abroad. I did not return to
dialog: Burope for many years.
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL. NIGHT
text: The entrance at midnight. A doorman sweeps the steps
text: below the front door. Only one room’s light is
text: illuminated: a little window at the far edge of the top
text: floor.
dialog: 117.
speaker_heading: AUTHOR (V.0.)
dialog: It was an enchanting, old ruin -- but I
dialog: never managed to see it again.
text: The light goes out.
text: CUT TO:
text: The lobby. The author sits alone in an armchair in the
text: deserted room writing in a small note-book.
text: CUT TO:
text: The study. The author (at seventy-five) sits in an
text: armchair writing in an identical small note-book. The
text: six-year-old boy plays with an army of metal soldiers on
text: the floor beside him.
text: CUT TO:
text: The park. The girl in the trench coat and beret sits on
text: a bench near the statue of the author. She is just
dialog: finishing the final chapter of:
speaker_heading: THE GRAND BUDAPEST HOTEL
scene_heading: FOXSEARCHLIGHT.COM/AWARDS
dialog: Released by Twentieth Century Fox © 2014 Twentieth Century Fox
text: 
