speaker_heading: THE EQUALIZER
dialog: Written by
dialog: Richard Wenk
dialog: Based on the Television Series created by Michael Sloan
dialog: First Draft
dialog: June 25, 2012
speaker_heading: AN ALARM CLOCK
text: Hits 5:30 AM and goes off.
speaker_heading: BEDROOM
text: Grey morning light. Alarm still BUZZING because the room’s
text: empty.
text: Bed already made. Tight enough to flip a quarter. Room
text: Spartan and immaculate.
text: Inside the BATHROOM...
text: A HAND WIPES STEAM OFF A FOGGED BATHROOM MIRROR
text: Just enough to see the straight razor gliding across the
dialog: final patch of lather...
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - MORNING
dialog: Blender being loaded: Wheat grass, Almond milk, Whey
text: protein, a cup of organic Blueberries.
text: WRIST WATCH - finger hits the stopwatch button on it...
scene_heading: HANDS DO THE DISHES
text: Drying the blender and glass. Into a cabinet where there's
dialog: only ONE of everything.
speaker_heading: ARMS IRON A SHIRT
text: With the precision of a surgeon. Spray starch, stiff collar
dialog: and cuffs...
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - MORNING
text: Shirt’s buttoned. Leather belt slipped into creased pants.
text: Tie knotted and tightened exactly.
text: Stepping in front of a mirror...
speaker_heading: ROBERT MCCALL
text: Middle aged, middle class, middle of the road looks. Pleased
text: with his appearance, McCall adds a final touch.
text: An ORANGE VEST. Finger hits the STOP button on the watch
dialog: timer...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: A DOZEN ORANGE VESTS
text: Moving about various aisles inside...
scene_heading: HOME DEPOT - MORNING
text: Dollies full of Quickset, painting materials and plumbing
text: supplies being wheeled through the aisles by CONTRACTORS AND
speaker_heading: HANDYMEN.
text: McCall on a ladder tossing down a box of wall switches to a
scene_heading: DAY LABORER.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: Didn't you pick up switches last
dialog: week?
speaker_heading: LABORER
dialog: Owner wants touch dimmers now.
text: McCall smiles. Climbs down the ladder.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: When they pay...
speaker_heading: MCCALL/LABORER
dialog: They say.
speaker_heading: LOADING DOCK
text: McCall PUSHES a dolly LOADED WITH PLYWOOD towards a panel
text: VAN. Huffing and puffing past TWO YOUNG DUDES leaning
text: against a fork lift.
speaker_heading: YOUNG DUDE 1
dialog: Should make the old guys take
dialog: fitness tests.
speaker_heading: YOUNG DUDE 2
dialog: Like Firemen.
text: McCall sweating. Removing his gloves as he walks past the
dialog: Young Dudes.
speaker_heading: YOUNG DUDE 1
dialog: Betcha didn’t have to push no dolly
dialog: in your last job, did ya Pops.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: (good natured)
dialog: Guilty as charged.
text: As he walks off...
speaker_heading: YOUNG GUY 2
dialog: Dudes come in here thinkin’ it’s
text: all tape measures, paint cans and
dialog: “how may I help you”.
scene_heading: INT. HOME DEPOT BREAK ROOM - DAY
text: McCall on his break. A DOZEN EMPLOYEES scattered around the
text: room on plastic chairs in front of Formica tables.
text: McCall makes his way to the back table where RALPHIE, a
text: heavyset kid in his 20's sits alone. Takes a seat.
text: Ralphie empties the contents of his bag for McCall to see.
text: McCall looks suspicious.
speaker_heading: RALPHIE
dialog: It’s Tuna.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: What kind of bread?
speaker_heading: RALPHIE
dialog: Whole grain. Gluten-free.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: Condiments?
speaker_heading: RALPHIE
dialog: Sprouts. Avocado. Veganese Mayo.
text: McCall smiles. Digs into his ground turkey and veggie mix as
text: Ralphie bites into his sandwich...
speaker_heading: CRUNCH
text: Ralphie winces. On McCall’s look Ralphie slides his sandwich
text: across the table. McCall lifts the bread to reveal a layer
dialog: of potato chips.
speaker_heading: RALPHIE (CONT'D)
dialog: What? Potatoes are a vegetable.
text: Prison yard stare from McCall.
speaker_heading: RALPHIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I like crunchy things.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
text: Carrots are crunchy. Dried seaweed
dialog: is crunchy. You like those?
text: McCall picks off a chip, holds it up.
speaker_heading: MCCALL (CONT'D)
text: Partially hydrogenated vegetable
dialog: oil. Corn syrup. Those are the
dialog: enemy, son.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You wanna make Security Guard? You
dialog: gotta lose weight. Test is coming
dialog: up in a week. You asked me to help
dialog: you. But if you’re not going to
dialog: apply yourself...
text: Ralphie drops his head in defeat. McCall reaches across the
text: table and lifts Ralphie’s head back up.
speaker_heading: MCCALL (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey. You can do it. Progress, not
dialog: perfection.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY - NIGHT
text: Rush hour crowded. McCall stands in the packed car. Just
text: another tired face at the end of a long day...
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN AVENUE, BROOKLYN
text: Lower middle class neighborhood of aging apartment buildings
dialog: and bodegas.
text: Street lamps flicker on as McCall reaches a five story walk
dialog: up.
scene_heading: BUILDING FOYER
text: McCall opens the only mailbox with no name on it. Removes a
text: flyer and a credit card offer that go right in the trash.
scene_heading: MCCALL'S KITCHEN
text: McCall watching the 6:30 news as he washes his dinner
text: dishes... Single dish, fork, knife and glass.
scene_heading: EXT. CONEY ISLAND BOARDWALK - NIGHT
text: Only half operational. Ferris Wheel moans and creaks under
text: the weight of bundled up PATRONS.
text: McCall sits on a bench PEOPLE watching. Comfortable. At
dialog: peace.
text: PING! The SHOOTING BOOTH catches his attention. Watches a
text: poor IMMIGRANT FATHER plop down dollar after dollar valiantly
text: trying to win a giant Sponge Bob for his kid.
dialog: Only to fail every time.
text: The Father eventually runs out of dollars and walks off with
text: his heartbroken son.
scene_heading: INT. MCCALL’S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Clock reads 9:40. McCall in bed. Reading a hardcover of
text: Hemingway's “Old man and the Sea”.
speaker_heading: CLOCK
speaker_heading: 1:48 AM
speaker_heading: MCCALL
text: In the dark. Wide awake.
scene_heading: INT. A DINER - NIGHT
text: A punch-drunk, open-all-night dive. A bored COUNTERMAN
text: behind the chipped Formica counter. DOORMAN from down the
text: block reads the next days paper.
text: A lone GIRL at a table by the window, ear phones in, iPod
text: playing, eyes closed... Cheap cocktail dress, stockings and
dialog: costume jewelry leave no doubt what she is...
text: Wall clock says 2:11 AM when McCall walks in with his book.
text: Shuffles to a seat at his usual table near the back.
text: Counterman comes over and sets a cup and a small pot of hot
text: water at McCall’s table without asking. McCall uses a
text: napkin to wipe out the cup. Takes a tea bag from his pocket,
text: drops it in the cup and pours the boiling water over it.
text: Opens his book and reads.
speaker_heading: TERI (OS)
dialog: He catch the fish yet?
text: McCall glances up. Teri THE HOOKER pulling her earphones
text: out. Pretty, late 20s. Few tats peeking out from her dress.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: Just hooked it.
speaker_heading: TERI
dialog: About time.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: It’s a big fish. Don’t know if he
dialog: can hang on to it though.
speaker_heading: TERI
dialog: (playful)
dialog: Oh no.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
text: Tooth and nail right now.
speaker_heading: TERI
dialog: Maybe he’s too old.
text: McCall nods. They’re quiet for a while. Teri takes a bite
dialog: of her Apple pie.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: Thought you were going to stop
dialog: eating all that refined sugar.
speaker_heading: TERI
dialog: (with a mouthful)
dialog: I am.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: When.
speaker_heading: TERI
dialog: Any day now.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: Bad for the vocal cords.
text: Teri looks away sheepishly.
speaker_heading: MCCALL (CONT'D)
dialog: How’s the singing?
text: She shrugs.
speaker_heading: TERI
dialog: Got myself a little machine to make
dialog: demos. We’ll see.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: Bet you’re good.
speaker_heading: TERI
dialog: What makes you think that?
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: Intuition.
text: Teri smiles her first real smile. After a beat they descend
text: back into silence.
text: Teri finishes her pie. Shoulders her tote and starts for the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: TERI
dialog: Lemme know what happens next.
scene_heading: INT. HOME DEPOT, ELECTRICAL AISLE - DAY
text: McCall rolls another Dolly past the Young Dudes slacking off.
scene_heading: INT. HOME DEPOT —- HARDWARE AISLE —- MORNING
text: Ralphie stocking packages of extension cords. Looks around
dialog: to make sure no one is looking...
text: Pushes aside some boxes and reaches his arm to the back of
text: the shelf. Pulls out...
dialog: A bag of sunflower seeds?
speaker_heading: MCCALL (OS)
dialog: Crunchy. Just how you like ‘em.
text: Ralphie looks up to see McCall walk off holding the Snickers
dialog: Bar he was looking for.
scene_heading: INT. HOME DEPOT - LOADING DOCK
text: McCall on his break. Popping sunflower seeds and watching
text: the trucks being loaded.
text: Looks up to see the two Young Dudes standing over him.
speaker_heading: YOUNG DUDE 1
dialog: We're bettin’ on what you did ‘fore
dialog: you got here?
speaker_heading: YOUNG DUDE 2
dialog: For a living.
speaker_heading: YOUNG DUDE 2 (CONT’D)
dialog: I bet Insurance. Claims and shit.
speaker_heading: YOUNG DUDE 1
dialog: Wall Street. Stock dude.
text: McCall pockets his seeds.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: I was a Pip.
speaker_heading: YOUNG DUDE 1
dialog: Pip? The fuck is a Pip?
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: You know. Gladys Knight and the
dialog: Pips?
text: McCall gets up. Does a little Pip move. Pulling the whistle
text: on the Midnight Train to Georgia. Young Dudes eyes widening
text: as they slowly get it.
speaker_heading: YOUNG DUDE 2
dialog: No shit!
speaker_heading: MCCALL
text: One on the right.
scene_heading: INT. HOME DEPOT - DUSK
text: McCall collects his paycheck from the SUPERVISOR.
scene_heading: EXT. CHECK CASHING PLACE - DUSK
text: McCall stands in line with OTHER WORKERS.
text: FACES in line not much different from his. Men not where
dialog: they expected to be at this stage in life.
scene_heading: INT. MCCALL’S APARTMENT
text: Dinner dishes already cleaned and put away.
text: McCall’s at his book case in the back hallway. Watering the
text: few small plants that live on top of it. Shelves lined with
dialog: book titles that seem eclectic...
scene_heading: MCCALL'S BEDROOM - LATER
text: Work clothes laid out. Bed empty. Clock reads 2:18 AM
scene_heading: INT. DINER - SAME TIME
text: McCall at his table reading a new book. Tea bag floating in
text: his cup.
text: Doorman at the counter with the Post as Teri glides in and
text: plops down in her usual spot.
dialog: 10.
text: Counterman already over with her coffee and donut. Teri
text: takes a quick bite and a sip. Turns to McCall.
speaker_heading: TERI
dialog: He catch the fish?
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: He did.
speaker_heading: TERI
dialog: Happy ending. Yay.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: Not exactly.
text: McCall closes his book.
speaker_heading: MCCALL (CONT'D)
text: Old Man tied the dead fish to the
dialog: boat and had to row back...
text: Teri’s elbows on the table now.
speaker_heading: MCCALL (CONT'D)
text: On the way in the fish bled out
text: into the water. Blood drew sharks.
text: The old man tried to fight them
dialog: off...
dialog: (beat)
text: Ate the fish before he could get it
dialog: home.
speaker_heading: TERI
dialog: So the whole thing was a waste.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: Depends on how you look at it.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Old Man spent his life fighting
dialog: fish. Then, when he figured that
dialog: part of his life was over, he met
dialog: his greatest adversary.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: It was as if both of them had been
dialog: waiting for this moment.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: During the struggle the Old Man
dialog: sort of formed a bond - a respect -
dialog: for the fish. A kind of love.
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: TERI
dialog: Why didn’t he let it go then?
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: The Old Man had to be the old man
dialog: and the Fish had to be the fish.
dialog: That's life. You gotta be who you
dialog: are.
text: A long pause. Two people who understand loss.
speaker_heading: TERI
dialog: Well. He lost.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
text: Old man went out too far. Farther
dialog: than he should have.
text: A long silence. Teri breathes into her cup so the soft steam
text: touches her face. Counterman rhythmically wipes the counter.
text: McCall picks up his new book.
text: Outside, it begins to rain.
scene_heading: INT. BREAK ROOM - DAY
text: McCall sitting with Ralphie going over his food plan when
text: SEVERAL EMPLOYEES singing “Happy Birthday” enter the room.
text: SUPERVISOR GEORGIE holds a donut sporting a lit candle.
text: McCall reacts with confusion as Georgie puts the donut in
text: front of him.
text: Georgie laughs at McCall’s blank look.
speaker_heading: GEORGIE
dialog: You forget?
text: McCall realizes it’s for HIS birthday. Shaking his head...
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: Talk about a senior moment.
scene_heading: INT. A DINER - NIGHT
text: Teri at her table. Ear phones in. Lost in some song when a
text: donut is placed in front of her. Looks up to see McCall.
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: Loaded with poison... Just the way
dialog: you like it.
text: A beat, she looks up at him. Ugly bruise on her face.
text: McCall pretends not to notice.
speaker_heading: MCCALL (CONT'D)
dialog: Someone's birthday at work. Didn’t
dialog: want to waste it.
text: Goes to his table and sits. Counterman brings the pot and
text: cup. McCall takes out his tea bag.
text: Teri walks over with the donut and sits. Slides a burned CD
text: over to him.
speaker_heading: TERI
dialog: Let me know if I’m any good.
text: Catches McCall sneaking a look at her bruise.
speaker_heading: TERI (CONT'D)
dialog: You should see the other guy. It’s
dialog: okay... Comes with the job.
text: Picks up the donut.
speaker_heading: TERI (CONT'D)
dialog: Whose birthday?
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: Some guy.
speaker_heading: TERI
dialog: Happy birthday, some guy.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: I'm breaking protocol. Should I go
dialog: back to my table?
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: No. It’s fine.
speaker_heading: TERI
dialog: I just needed company tonight.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Teri.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: Bob.
dialog: 13.
text: Teri studies McCall.
speaker_heading: TERI
dialog: You don’t look like a Bob. More
text: like a Robert. Robert reads books.
text: Bob watches TV.
text: McCall smiles. Picks up the CD.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: Teri the singer.
speaker_heading: TERI
dialog: You and I both know what I really
dialog: am.
text: Takes a bite of the donut.
speaker_heading: TERI (CONT'D)
dialog: I mean I WANT to be a singer. I
dialog: THINK I can be a singer. Doesn't
dialog: make me one.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: I believe anybody can be who they
dialog: want to be.
text: Teri laughs.
speaker_heading: TERI
dialog: Maybe where you come from. Not in
dialog: my world.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: Then change your world.
speaker_heading: TERI
dialog: Not that easy.
text: Comfortable silence.
speaker_heading: TERI (CONT'D)
dialog: No ring.
dialog: (off McCall’s look)
dialog: On your finger. No Mrs. Robert at
dialog: home?
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: No.
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: TERI
dialog: Ever?
speaker_heading: MCCALL
text: Once. A ways back.
speaker_heading: TERI
dialog: Break her heart?
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: She broke mine.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: She died.
text: Teri looks at McCall with a mixture of sadness and curiosity.
speaker_heading: TERI
dialog: Thought that might be it. I seea
dialog: lot of widowed guys. It’s the
dialog: eyes.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
text: The eyes.
speaker_heading: TERI
dialog: Yeah. Not sad. Just... lost.
dialog: It's sweet.
text: McCall doesn’t blink. Smart girl.
speaker_heading: TERI (CONT'D)
dialog: You always read?
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: No. My wife did. I was away a
dialog: lot. For work. So she read. Was
text: making her way through the 100
dialog: Books everyone should read. Got to
dialog: 97.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Figured it would give us something
dialog: to talk about someday. Something we
dialog: could share.
speaker_heading: TERI
dialog: A hundred books... Holy moly. How
dialog: many have you read?
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: 91.
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: TERI
dialog: No shit. 91. Almost done.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: Almost.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: TERI
dialog: Then what?
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: I don’t know.
scene_heading: EXT. DINER - NIGHT
text: McCall and Teri walk out together.
speaker_heading: TERI
dialog: I’m gonna grab a cab.
text: Both head for the corner...
speaker_heading: TERI (CONT'D)
dialog: What’s 92 about?
text: McCall holds up DON QUIXOTE.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: Guy who thinks he’s a Knight. Only
dialog: he lives in a world where knights
dialog: don't exist any more.
speaker_heading: TERI
dialog: Sounds like my world.
text: Teri steps to the curb to hail a cab. A Few FLY BY. Then a
text: WHITE VAN rolls up.
text: TALL MAN with LONG HAIR gets out of the passenger side. Bone-
text: colored leather jacket, tanning-bed complexion.
text: McCall watches Teri stiffen. The two ARGUE in Russian.
text: Finally Teri looks back at him.
speaker_heading: TERI (CONT'D)
dialog: I have to go with them. It’s okay.
dialog: See you... when I see you.
dialog: 16.
text: Forces a smile and gets in the van. Tall Guy walks over to
text: McCall. Hands him a card.
speaker_heading: SLAVI
dialog: (Russian accent)
dialog: You call number... they send you
dialog: another one. Just as good. Tell
dialog: them Slavi said.
text: Gets back in the Van and drives off. McCall turns the card
text: over in his hand.
dialog: An escort service.
scene_heading: INT. MCCALL'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Bathed in SHADOWS. Everything still. Just the SOUND of
text: Teri’s CD wafting through the rooms.
text: McCall at the kitchen table with a glass of Grapefruit juice.
text: Listening.
text: Rough, edgy, passionate, unpolished. A diamond in the rough.
text: McCall’s eyes twinkle just a tad. Not bad...
scene_heading: INT. HOME DEPOT - DAY
text: PEARL, 300 pounds of attitude, walking towards the BACK
text: OFFICE. The Two Young Dudes sidle up on either side of her.
speaker_heading: YOUNG DUDE 2
dialog: Pearly. Which one of us you gonna
dialog: ask out.
speaker_heading: YOUNG DUDE 1
dialog: Seen you eyeing us for a week now.
dialog: But you can only have one of us
dialog: so... Whose it gonna be?
speaker_heading: PEARL
dialog: Been eyein’ you two, alright.
text: Young Dudes primping now.
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: PEARL (CONT'D)
dialog: Trying to figure out what either
dialog: one of you lazy mutherfuckers do
dialog: all day and why I shouldn’t fire
dialog: your worthless, bony asses.
text: Dudes stopping, letting Pearl continue on.
speaker_heading: YOUNG DUDE 2
dialog: Seems more like your type...
text: Dude 1 SEES McCall handing a DRIVER a receipt at the LOADING
text: DOCK. Stepping into his path.
speaker_heading: YOUNG DUDE 1
dialog: Yo. You weren’t no Pip, Old Man.
text: Shoves his iPhone under his nose. You Tube Video of Gladys
text: Knight and the Pips. McCall smiles.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: Soul Train. ‘82. That’s me. On
dialog: the end.
speaker_heading: YOUNG DUDE 2
dialog: Ain’t you.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: Few pounds lighter and a lot more
dialog: hair. But damn. I was good
dialog: looking.
text: McCall perfectly mirrors the dance moves then walks off
text: leaving the Young Dudes staring at the screen.
scene_heading: INT. A DINER - NIGHT
text: McCall at his table. Tea poured. DON QUIXOTE open in front
text: of him. Keeps glancing at the door.
dialog: No Teri tonight.
scene_heading: EXT. HOME DEPOT PARKING LOT - LUNCH BREAK
text: Several LUNCH TRUCKS parked out front. Orange Vests
text: sprinkled out, eating under trees or on the grass.
dialog: Not McCall or Ralphie.
dialog: 18.
text: They're at the far edge of the lot, McCall putting Ralphie
text: through an exercise routine. Urging him to do one more pull
text: up, one more push up.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: Who’s gonna be the best Security
dialog: Guard?
speaker_heading: RALPHIE
dialog: I am, SIR!
scene_heading: INT. A DINER - NIGHT
text: McCall walks in. Again, no Teri. The Counterman brings over
text: his cup and pot of hot water. Notices McCall eyeing the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: COUNTERMAN
dialog: She's up at Kings County. Heard
dialog: someone beat her up pretty bad.
scene_heading: INT. KINGS COUNTY HOSPITAL, IC WARD - NIGHT
text: McCall is standing on one side of a chicken wire and glass
text: window staring into the Intensive Care room.
scene_heading: INT. ICU
text: Eight beds. All filled. Teri’s in the far corner.
text: Attached to wires and IV's. Face bandaged, neck in a brace.
text: Almost unrecognizable.
text: A YOUNG WOMAN dozes in a chair next to the bed.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL CAFETERIA - NIGHT
text: The same Young Woman pays for a cup of coffee. Takes it to
text: a condiment station and loads it with an ungodly amount of
dialog: sugar.
speaker_heading: MCCALL (OS)
dialog: How's she doing?
text: Her head snaps. Finds McCall sitting at a far table.
speaker_heading: MCCALL (CONT'D)
dialog: Teri. How’s she doing?
dialog: 19.
text: The Young Woman eyes McCall, hard as rock. Just another
dialog: John...
speaker_heading: YOUNG WOMAN
dialog: Well she’s not good.
text: The Young Woman reaches for her coffee and tries to bring the
text: cup to her lips. Hands begin shaking and the coffee spills.
text: McCall steps over and takes the cup from her hands. Sets it
text: down then gets some napkins and sops up the spillage.
scene_heading: THE CAFETERIA - LATER
text: Under the green glow of Fluorescents, McCall sits at the
text: Young Woman’s table listening.
speaker_heading: YOUNG WOMAN
dialog: «+. guy hit her. Some Johns think
dialog: they can do that.
dialog: (beat)
text: She hit him back and the guy called
dialog: Slavi...
speaker_heading: WHAM!
speaker_heading: TERI’S FACE (FLASHBACK)
text: Hit with a massive fist. Cheek bone shattering.
speaker_heading: YOUNG WOMAN (OS)
dialog: He set her straight...
scene_heading: UPSTAIRS OFFICE - WIDER
text: Teri face up on the carpet. A RING OF MEN standing over her.
text: On the couch THREE OTHER ESCORTS (including the Young Woman)
text: sit silently in horror.
speaker_heading: YOUNG WOMAN (OS)
dialog: They like making examples of
dialog: trouble makers.
text: Slavi rubs his fist. Offers Teri his hand and gently helps
dialog: her up.
text: Teri tries to speak but Slavi flicks open a knife and presses
text: it to her throat.
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: SLAVI
dialog: No talking. Talking is not
dialog: problem. Listening is problem.
text: Presses harder. Opens a small cut in her throat. Teri
speaker_heading: GROANS.
text: Uses the knife to push Teri to her knees in. Other hand
text: unzips his pants and forces himself into her mouth.
text: Slavi uses the knife to control Teri’s head.
text: Boris moves behind Teri. Rips her pants open and violently
text: enters her from behind. The rest stare glassy-eyed as Slavi
dialog: and Boris rape Teri.
speaker_heading: HOSPITAL CAFETERIA
text: The Young Woman stares out into the empty room. Numb to the
dialog: brutality.
speaker_heading: YOUNG WOMAN
dialog: Said they’d cut her throat next
dialog: time.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Said a whore who fucks and can’t
dialog: talk is worth twice as much...
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY - NIGHT
text: McCall rides home on an almost empty car. Rocks with the
text: rhythm of the train.
scene_heading: EXT. BRIGHTON BEACH CLUB - NIGHT
text: That White VAN pulls up to the Valet outside an AFTER HOURS
text: CLUB. The Driver, BORIS, steps out and enters a street level
dialog: door...
scene_heading: MAIN DINING ROOM - AFTER HOURS CLUB
text: Boris moves through the packed DINING ROOM to a...
scene_heading: BACK STAIRWELL
text: Where he jogs up to an second floor door.
dialog: 21.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS OFFICE
text: THREE prison-hard THUGS sprawled on the couch watching the
dialog: TV.
text: Boris waddles in and plops down in front of Slavi who sits
text: behind a large desk. Tosses an envelope onto the desk.
text: Slavi drops the envelope on an antique scale - sees it’s
text: correct - and slides it into the top drawer. Pours a shot
dialog: for Boris...
text: When the DOOR OPENS and Robert McCall steps inside...
speaker_heading: OFFICE - WIDER
text: Heads turn. Russians eyeballing up McCall like lions do
dialog: Antelope.
speaker_heading: SLAVI
dialog: You lost, dedushka?
text: McCall hesitates. Makes his way to the desk. Places the
text: card Slavi gave him in front of him.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: You gave me this the other night.
speaker_heading: SLAVI
dialog: I give out lots of cards. You
dialog: want pussy, dedushka? You still
dialog: get it up?
text: Chuckles from everybody. McCall waits for it to stop.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: I’m here about a certain girl.
text: Slavi waits.
speaker_heading: MCCALL (CONT'D)
dialog: Name’s Teri. She was beat up
dialog: pretty bad.
text: The room gets quiet.
speaker_heading: SLAVI
dialog: I think you have the wrong address,
dialog: dedushka.
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: I’m not a cop or anything. I just
dialog: want to help her.
text: Slavi studies the man in front of him.
speaker_heading: MCCALL (CONT'D)
dialog: These girls. They represent an
dialog: investment to you. I understand
dialog: that.
text: McCall glances around at the other guys.
speaker_heading: MCCALL (CONT'D)
dialog: I can give you four thousand eight
dialog: hundred dollars. It’s all I have.
speaker_heading: SLAVI
dialog: You want to give me four thousand
dialog: dollars. For what?
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: Her freedom.
text: Slavi looks at McCall. Another heartsick John...
speaker_heading: SLAVI
dialog: This whore. What’s her name again?
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: Teri.
speaker_heading: SLAVI
dialog: (pretending to think)
dialog: Doesn't ring a bell. Whoever she
dialog: is she must really know how to suck
dialog: cock.
text: The muscle LAUGH.
speaker_heading: SLAVI (CONT'D)
dialog: Believe this guy? Gonna give me
dialog: four thousand for one pussy. Must
dialog: be Ferrari pussy...
dialog: (to McCall)
dialog: How many fucks you got left, man?
dialog: Enough you pay four thousand I
dialog: guess.
text: Slavi turns cancer serious.
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: SLAVI (CONT'D)
dialog: The fuck you think you are? Come
dialog: in here and offer money for my
dialog: girl. Four thousand. Why not
dialog: forty thousand? Four hundred
dialog: thousand? You fucking Americans
dialog: think you can come into my place of
dialog: business and buy whatever you
dialog: want!? You think you set the
dialog: price? Fucking beautiful Russian
dialog: girl... You fucking insult me.
text: All eyes boring in on McCall. An eternity of SILENCE. Then
text: Slavi bursts out laughing.
speaker_heading: SLAVI (CONT'D)
dialog: Look... he almost wet his pants!
dialog: I'm fucking with you, man. You got
dialog: big balls coming here. I like
dialog: that. Okay. Be Mr. White Knight.
dialog: The fuck do I care.
text: Slavi holds out his hand...
speaker_heading: SLAVI (CONT'D)
dialog: Four thousand eight hundred for the
dialog: pussy....
text: McCall takes it.
speaker_heading: SLAVI (CONT'D)
dialog: A month.
text: McCall goes to pull away but Slavi tightens his grip.
speaker_heading: SLAVI (CONT'D)
dialog: You think one-time payment? For
dialog: pussy like that?
text: Lets go of McCall’s hand.
speaker_heading: SLAVI (CONT'D)
dialog: Go home and jerk off four thousand
dialog: eight hundred times. Then come
dialog: back. She be used up then and I
dialog: sell her to you.
text: McCall realizes that’s it. Turns towards the door.
dialog: 24.
text: Slavi nods to one of the Muscle who grabs a six-inch blade
text: from a table and shoves it up his sleeve. Moves behind
text: McCall as McCall reaches for the door knob.
dialog: Only McCall does something unexpected...
text: HE LOCKS IT.
speaker_heading: MCCALL'S EYE
text: Turns. Half-lidded. Dull. Like a alligator. WE PUSH INTO
text: THE PUPIL AS IT DILATES. In it WE SEE...
speaker_heading: THE ROOM
text: As McCall sees it. With the detachment of a predatory
dialog: animal...
text: A series of frozen pictures flashing through McCall’s head -
text: mind calculating and evaluating a thousand details in a
dialog: millisecond ...
text: PARTS OF THE ROOM FADE AWAY. THE UNIMPORTANT PARTS TO
text: MCCALL. Walls, doors, furniture, faces...
text: Leaving only what’s necessary to him: The glass edge of a
text: shelf. The DRAGON TATTOO covering the CAROTID on the man’s
text: neck, the handle of a KNIFE in the man’s waistband... the
text: throbbing heartbeat in the center of the second MAN’S
text: CHEST... The SHOT GLASS on the edge of a table... The
text: third man’s eye and the outline of a gun under his coat...
dialog: And the fork.
text: Weapons and targets disconnected from any sense of humanity.
text: The eye measuring the distance between the objects and the
text: time it will take him to kill everyone in the room.
dialog: This has all happened...
text: IN THE BLINK OF...
text: McCall's eye.
text: MOUTH mumbling - almost inaudibly...
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: Forty-five seconds...
speaker_heading: MCCALL'S HAND
text: Moves to his watch... PUSHES a button...
text: CLICK...
scene_heading: WHAT HAPPENS NEXT
text: Defies explanation. There is no form or elegance to it.
text: It’s not graceful or flashy. Just brutal and beautiful at
dialog: the same time.
text: McCall snapping the glass shelf in two... the jagged edge
text: hisses through the first man’s neck - slaying the dragon - an
text: opera of blood enters the air...
text: McCall already across the room. Planting the fork deep into
dialog: the heart of the second man...
text: The OTHERS halfway to their feet when McCall scoops the Gold
text: shot glass from the table, ramming it into the eye socket of
text: the third man, driving it deep enough to enter the man’s
text: brain... Man quivering like a frog in a science
dialog: experiment...
text: Slavi’s hand coming out of the desk drawer with a .45...
text: McCall already pulling the trigger of the gun inside eye-
dialog: socket’s pocket...
text: Blowing Slavi’s hand off at the wrist... hand and gun
text: twisting into the air like a dead bird...
text: McCall catching the head of the fourth man. Using his weight
text: and leverage to snap the neck with a nauseating crunching
dialog: sound...
text: McCall steps back...
text: As THE MEN fall around him.
text: Heartbeats, the rush of blood, the sigh of breath... all
dialog: cease.
text: The room now ungodly quiet.
dialog: 26.
text: McCall back to earth as gently as an autumn leaf...
speaker_heading: CLICK
text: Hits the button on his watch. 49 seconds.
text: McCall looks disappointed...
speaker_heading: SLAVI
text: Gasping for breath. Hyperventilating. Handless arm
text: aspirating blood into the carpet. Good hand fumbling with
dialog: his Cell Phone...
text: McCall crouches beside him. Takes Slavi’s Cell from his
text: hand. Voice quiet and devoid of smugness.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: Your heart's beating three times
dialog: its normal rate, trying to keep
dialog: your blood pressure up. That’s why
dialog: you're having trouble breathing.
dialog: But you’re losing too much blood.
dialog: In 30 seconds your heart will give
text: up and go into cardiac arrest.
dialog: Your body’1l shut down and you’1l
text: slowly suffocate. It’s going to
dialog: suck to be you.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: So I need you to concentrate and
dialog: listen to me...
text: Slavi’s eyes find McCall.
speaker_heading: MCCALL (CONT'D)
dialog: I want you to think about the girl.
dialog: The one you beat and raped. I want
dialog: you to know her life is going to go
dialog: on while yours is going to end on
dialog: this filthy carpet with no one
dialog: giving a shit. I also want you to
dialog: understand that you died over forty-
dialog: eight hundred dollars. If you had
dialog: taken it everything would have been
dialog: different. I gave you an out but
dialog: you didn’t take it. Guys like you
dialog: never do.
text: Slavi’s eyes register the last words before they go blank.
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: MCCALL'S HANDS
text: Under a running faucet. Trickles of blood mixing with the
dialog: water...
scene_heading: MCCALL'S KITCHEN - LATER
text: Dark. Silent. McCall at the sink. Cleaning his hands.
text: Looking up at his reflection in the window. Studies it like
dialog: it was some other person.
speaker_heading: ALARM CLOCK
text: Hitting 5:30 AM.
speaker_heading: BATHROOM
text: Empty. Mirror still steamed.
scene_heading: KITCHEN —- MORNING
text: Blender drying in the sink...
scene_heading: INT. HOME DEPOT, BREAK ROOM - DAY
text: McCall at his table. Eating his mixture when Ralphie plops
text: down across from him. Removes his lunch. Including a can of
dialog: Pringles.
text: McCall staring at them.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: Test is tomorrow. You don’t want
dialog: to be eating that salty sh---
speaker_heading: RALPHIE
dialog: They’re for you.
dialog: (off McCall’s look)
dialog: Open it.
text: McCall does. Nothing inside except a piece of paper with the
text: number “210” written on it. McCall looks up.
speaker_heading: RALPHIE (CONT'D)
dialog: What I weighed this morning. Down
dialog: 9 pounds. I made the weight.
dialog: 28.
text: McCall grins.
speaker_heading: RALPHIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Gonna ace that test tomorrow, Mr.
dialog: McCall. Thanks to you.
text: They knock knuckles. Ralphie notices the broken skin on
text: McCall’s knuckles.
speaker_heading: RALPHIE (CONT'D)
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: I hit it on something stupid.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY - NIGHT
text: McCall with the other commuters at the end of another long
dialog: day.
scene_heading: INT. MCCALL’S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: McCall eating at the kitchen table. Watching the NEWS on his
dialog: small TV.
text: On Screen: A REPORTER outside the After Hours Club, crime
text: scene tape strung across the sidewalk behind her.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: ... in what Police are calling the
dialog: beginning of a mob war between
dialog: rival Russian factions.
speaker_heading: MCCALL'S ALARMCLOCK
text: Reads 2:29 AM. CAMERA PULLS BACK to REVEAL...
scene_heading: McCall SOUND ASLEEP.
scene_heading: INT. AFTER HOURS CLUB, UPSTAIRS OFFICE - SAME TIME
text: The scene of McCall’s decimation now empty and dark. Bodies
text: gone but walls and floor like a Pollack canvass.
text: THREE SHADOWY MEN IN SUITS stand center room. No one saying
text: anything for the longest time. Can’t see their faces.
dialog: 29.
dialog: But their movements are those of men of power. Not used to
dialog: not knowing...
speaker_heading: VOICE 1
dialog: No forced entry. No defensive
dialog: wounds. Not one of them got their
dialog: pieces out.
text: Another long silence. A FOURTH MAN walks in.
speaker_heading: FOURTH MAN’S VOICE
text: Security cameras in the restaurant
dialog: worked fine. Till 8:02. Then they
text: mysteriously go down for 8 minutes.
dialog: 8:10 they’re back on and these guys
dialog: are dead.
text: ALL are silent. All eyes go to one man in particular.
speaker_heading: VOICE 1
dialog: What do you want to do?
scene_heading: HOME DEPOT - MCCALL
text: Rolling a dolly of FIXTURES out to a Contractor’s Truck.
text: Just another orange vest...
speaker_heading: BREAK ROOM
text: McCall sitting at his table. Meal finished. No Ralphie.
text: Looks up at the clock as one of the Fork Lift Driver’s walks
dialog: past...
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: Gordy. You see Ralphie? He's
dialog: taking that Security Guard test
dialog: after work.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Supervisor said he called in and
dialog: quit.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: Quit?
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Quit. No notice.
dialog: (starts off)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: GORDY (CONT'D)
dialog: Kids don’t know shit about
dialog: responsibility.
scene_heading: EXT. FLATBUSH AVENUE - DUSK
text: A block of small family-owned places. Bodegas and
dialog: restaurants manned by people who came here to get their piece
dialog: of the dream.
text: McCall coming down the block checking addresses. Stops across
dialog: from...
scene_heading: EXT. EL TAPITO MEXICAN RESTAURANT - DUSK
text: Small place rammed mid-block. Door’s open, but the SIGN
text: LIGHTS are off.
scene_heading: INT. EL TAPITO RESTAURANT
text: A few mismatched tables and a take-out counter.
text: A wall in the dining area is blackened and charred from fire.
text: A couple booths ruined by water damage. Two YOUNG MEN and AN
text: OLDER WOMAN are working to clean up the mess.
text: Ralphie walks out of the back room and sees McCall standing
text: in the doorway. Face lighting up.
speaker_heading: RALPHIE
dialog: Mr. McCall!
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: Ralphie. Heard you quit. I was
dialog: worried.
speaker_heading: RALPHIE
dialog: My mom had a little accident here.
dialog: Gonna have to help around here now.
text: Turns to the older woman and tenderly motions her over.
speaker_heading: RALPHIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Mama...esto es mi amigo, del
dialog: trabajo, el Sr. McCall. El que me
dialog: ha estado ayudando.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: This is my mother Marta. Those are
dialog: my brothers Rico and Manny.
dialog: 31.
text: McCall looks around. SEES the love and hard work put into
text: the place. Notices holes punched in the ceiling.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: No one was hurt I hope.
speaker_heading: RALPHIE
text: No. Happened after hours.
scene_heading: EXT. BACK ALLEY
text: McCall walks with Ralphie to the dumpster where he tosses
text: some ruined floorboards.
speaker_heading: RALPHIE
dialog: Probably a faulty wire or
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: Wasn’t any wire.
text: Ralphie turns.
speaker_heading: MCCALL (CONT'D)
dialog: Point of origin was middle of the
dialog: room. Aren’t any outlets there.
dialog: Vent holes were punched in the
dialog: ceiling.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What happened, Ralphie?
text: Ralphie gives McCall a look that could break your heart.
text: Empties the can then turns to McCall.
speaker_heading: RALPHIE
dialog: Lot of the people in this
dialog: neighborhood are new to this
dialog: country. They don’t have much
dialog: except their businesses. We're
dialog: easy targets. So men come in and
dialog: say, for so much money every month,
dialog: they’11l look out for us. Make sure
dialog: nothing happens. So you pay. When
dialog: business gets better, it goes up.
dialog: When business is slow you still
dialog: pay. You don’t...
text: Ralphie is quiet a moment, the vestiges of defeat, loss and
text: resignation passing over this gentle man’s face.
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: RALPHIE (CONT'D)
dialog: They gave my Mama a week to make it
dialog: up. We’re gonna open for
dialog: breakfast. See if we can make
dialog: enough extra. Me and my brothers
dialog: are gonna do the morning shift so
dialog: my mother can rest.
text: An odd mixture of compassion and steeliness on McCall’s face.
text: Nods his understanding that life sometimes sucks. Ralphie
text: starts back inside.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: Why don’t you call the police?
text: Ralphie turns back. Looks at McCall with confusion.
speaker_heading: RALPHIE
dialog: They are the police.
scene_heading: EXT. MCCALL'S APARTMENT BUILDING - AFTERNOON
text: A bright and peaceful Sunday. McCall approaching his
text: Building with grocery bags in both hands. Puts them down to
dialog: get his keys out...
speaker_heading: VOICE (0S)
dialog: Hey!
text: McCall turns to SEE...
speaker_heading: TERI
text: Fresh-faced, no make-up. Walking up healed and hopeful
text: despite the faint bruises and bandage that circles her neck.
text: McCall looks at her with surprise. Teri breaks into a smile
text: brighter than the sun.
speaker_heading: TERI
dialog: Remembered you lived on this block.
dialog: Been swinging by the last few days
dialog: hoping to catch you.
text: McCall drinks in the change.
speaker_heading: TERI (CONT'D)
dialog: Pretty different, huh.
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: Night and day.
speaker_heading: TERI
dialog: Mandy told me you came to the
dialog: hospital. That was nice. Not many
dialog: people cared.
text: McCall simply nods.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: Well you look great.
speaker_heading: TERI
dialog: I’m pretty much all better. Last
text: stitches come out next week. Other
dialog: than that...
text: Teri remembers something. Reaches in her purse and pulls out
text: a battered copy of “The Razor’s Edge.”
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: TERI (CONT'D)
dialog: Ever read it?
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: TERI
dialog: Got it at a used book store. Guy
dialog: there recommended it. I’m reading
dialog: now. You believe that?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Got a real job with real people
dialog: hours. Going to open Mic Nights at
dialog: a few clubs. So I won’t be coming
text: back to the diner.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: A new start I guess.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: It suits you.
speaker_heading: TERI
dialog: Someone once told me you can be
dialog: whoever you wanted to be.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: Life will surprise you sometimes.
dialog: 34.
text: Teri smiles. Holds out her hand.
speaker_heading: TERI
dialog: I'll miss the stories.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: You have your own now.
text: McCall reaches out and the two shake. Only Teri doesn’t let
text: go. Childlike eyes watering a bit.
speaker_heading: TERI
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: For?
dialog: And there’s a moment where we understand - she knows. Not
dialog: because of any proof or certainty. She just knows... Raises
text: onto her toes, gives McCall a peck on the cheek.
speaker_heading: TERI
dialog: For everything.
text: Then she’s off.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
text: Motionless. Watching her cross the street bright as a comet.
text: Whole life ahead of her.
text: When she disappears only then does McCall move.
text: Face reflecting a strange sense of peace. Eyes understanding
text: one less person in the world is hurting.
dialog: THAT HE DID THAT.
text: Picks up his bags and heads into his building. Finally
text: getting it. Finally understanding who he is...
scene_heading: INT. EL TAPITO MEXICAN RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: Plastic bags cover the holes in the ceiling. A thin coat of
text: paint barely masks the burnt wall. SEVERAL FAMILIES dining.
text: But the room is subdued.
dialog: 35.
text: Then we see why: NYPD DETECTIVES, HARRIS and GILLY occupy the
text: only booth. Large, red-faced men with predatory intent.
text: Meals finished they slide out of the booth and stroll to the
text: register where Ralphie’s mother waits.
text: Gilly takes a tooth pick. Ralphie’s dispirited mother
text: removes an envelope from her apron and slides it across he
text: counter. Harris takes it.
speaker_heading: HARRIS
text: Beans were a little watery.
scene_heading: EXT. EL TAPITO MEXICAN RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: The street is empty, traffic light this time of night.
text: Harris and Gilly walk to their car. About to get in when...
speaker_heading: VOICE (OS)
dialog: Officers...
text: Both men look up. McCall stands against an iron gated
text: storefront.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: I'd like to report a crime.
text: The Cops in no mood...
speaker_heading: GILLY
dialog: Call 9-1-1 pal.
scene_heading: INT. IMPALA
text: Harris behind the wheel. Flips the visor up and cranks the
text: engine. Gilly’s CELL PHONE RINGS. Flips it open.
speaker_heading: MCCALL (OS)
dialog: Why call 911 and unduly tax city
dialog: services when I have two corrupt
dialog: cops right in front of me?
text: Harris looks out the window. SEES McCall talking to him from
speaker_heading: HIS cell.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET
text: Cops exit the vehicle and approach McCall.
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: GILLY
dialog: Where’d you get that number.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: Wasn’t hard.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Neither was getting this.
text: Holds up the CELL PHONE so they can see the screen. A VIDEO
text: PLAYS. From a hidden angle. Gilly and Harris in some
dialog: BODEGA...
speaker_heading: HARRIS (OS)
dialog: (on screen)
dialog: Don’t fuck with us. Ask the lady
text: down the street. One that had the
dialog: fire last week. Could happen to
dialog: you. With your whole fucking
dialog: family in it. You pay like
dialog: everybody else.
text: The last IMAGE is Harris taking cash from the Proprietor.
text: McCall closes the phone.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: When a person obtains money,
dialog: property or services from a person,
dialog: entity, or institution through
dialog: coercion it becomes a criminal off-
text: Harris’ nickle-plated .38 is against McCall’s temple before
text: McCall can finish. Gilly grabs the Phone from McCall. Pats
dialog: him down.
text: Gilly shoves McCall against the gate.
speaker_heading: GILLY
dialog: Copies?
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: That’s the only one.
dialog: Harris and Gilly exchange looks. What kind of a fucking
dialog: psycho is this?
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: You must have a death wish then.
text: Gilly spins McCall around, pressing his face against the
dialog: wall.
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: HARRIS (CONT'D)
dialog: What the fuck you want? Other than
dialog: to be a corpse.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: I'd like you to return the money
dialog: you took from those people. All of
dialog: it. To everyone.
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: Why would we do that?
text: McCall looks tired. The weariness of seeing too much of this
dialog: shit.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: Two reasons. Because I’m asking
dialog: nicely. And it would be in the
dialog: best interests of everyone
dialog: involved.
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: Maybe our best interests are to tie
dialog: a cinder block around your waist
dialog: and throw you into the east River.
text: Gilly takes out his handcuffs. Gets one around McCall's
dialog: wrist...
dialog: And suddenly...
text: He's not there.
text: Somehow now behind Gilly. Ramming his face into the brick
text: wall. Nose hitting first. SOUND of shattering cartilage
text: nauseating.
text: Harris spins and pulls the trigger. Only to realize McCall's
text: thumb is already between the hammer and chamber.
text: McCall slamming Harris hard enough with his own .38 that
text: knocks him to his knees. Delivers several compact blows to
text: Harris and rips the gun out of Harris’ hand. Uses it to
text: whack Gilly across the head. Gilly tumbling like a sack of
dialog: cement.
text: Both cops down in heaps. Bleeding and dazed. McCall
text: crouches down on their level. Adds Gilly’s revolver to his
dialog: collection.
text: The next words come from deep inside McCall.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: You’re supposed to stand for
dialog: something. Uphold the law. Serve
dialog: and protect. Justice for all.
dialog: Somewhere those words lost meaning
dialog: and you became everything, you used
dialog: to detest.
dialog: 38.
text: McCall rises. Like a machine ejects the clips from both
text: guns. Empties the chambers, pockets the clips and tosses the
text: guns into the cops’ laps.
text: Battered faces look up at him.
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: Who the fuck are you?
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: The guy you didn’t count on.
scene_heading: INT. TAXI - MOVING
text: McCall staring out the window as the STREETS and the LIFE in
dialog: them whiz by...
speaker_heading: MCCALL (OS)
dialog: By noon tomorrow you’ll have
dialog: returned the money you've taken.
dialog: You'll tell those people it will
dialog: never happen again. Do that and
dialog: this video will never be seen.
scene_heading: INT. MCCALL’S BATHROOM
text: McCall, ghost-like through the STEAM in the SHOWER.
text: sorts of feelings pulsating through him...
speaker_heading: MCCALL (OS)
dialog: Don't and an hour later you’1l
text: watch the uncut version of
dialog: yourselves on every news outlet in
dialog: the Tri-State area.
dialog: All
dialog: 39.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - HARRIS AND GILLY
text: Pulling their bruised bodies out of their Impala. Walking
text: towards EL TAPITO...
speaker_heading: MCCALL (0S)
dialog: There’s nothing you can do to
dialog: prevent any of this. So don’t
dialog: waste your time...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I’m not like anyone you’ve dealt
dialog: with.
scene_heading: INT. EL TAPITO
text: Ralphie’s mother taking the brown paper bag and looking into
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: MCCALL (OS)
dialog: I'm offering you a second chance.
dialog: You should take it.
text: Shock, disbelief and joy roll across her face as she sees the
text: money and listens as Gilly explains their change of heart.
scene_heading: INT. HOME DEPOT - DAY
text: McCall stocking a pallet of Garden Hoses. Looks up as
text: Ralphie walks by, Orange Vest and work gloves on, huge smile
text: on his face...
scene_heading: EXT. SOFTBALL FIELD - SUNDAY AFTERNOON
text: Dirt diamond at one end of a LARGE PARK.
text: Softball game between Home Depot and IKEA. Out-of-shape
text: CLERKS sporting two-toned T-shirts.
text: McCall out in left field.
text: WHACK! The ball is smoked to left. Sailing over McCall's
text: head who turns and takes off after it... Three steps in he
text: pulls up, grabbing his hamstring. Watches the ball fall...
text: Into the glove of Young Dude 1 who comes out of nowhere like
text: a blur.
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: YOUNG DUDE 1
dialog: Hope you're eligible for Medicaid,
dialog: Mr. Pip.
text: McCall smiles. Starts in... Then stops.
speaker_heading: RALPHIE
text: Standing near the Home Depot bench. Resplendent in his blue
scene_heading: SECURITY GUARD UNIFORM...
scene_heading: INT. MCCALL'S APARTMENT- NIGHT
text: McCall exits the bedroom. Stops at the bookcase and slides
text: book number 93 off the shelf. "A Bend in the River" by V. S.
dialog: Naipaul.
text: Grabs his keys from the Foyer table and opens the front
dialog: door...
text: THE LARGE MAN FILLS THE DOOR FRAME
text: Grey suit, shirt and tie. Frozen in mid-knock.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: Mr. McCall.
text: Voice soft and face with a charming, almost ever-constant
dialog: smile.
text: This is TEDDY COLEMAN. Forties, with ceramic black eyes.
text: Body language like a walking credential. His whole being
text: vibrates... wrong.
speaker_heading: TEDDY (CONT'D)
dialog: Sorry to bother you. I’m
dialog: investigating a homicide that
dialog: occurred in Brighton Beach ‘bout 10
dialog: days ago.
text: McCall's face gives nothing away.
speaker_heading: TEDDY (CONT'D)
text: Five guys dead. Russian joint.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: Saw it on the news. I was there
dialog: that night.
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: You were?
text: McCall smiles.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: You wouldn’t be here if I weren't.
text: Teddy laughs.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: Got me there.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Just checking to see if any of the
dialog: patrons remembered anything
dialog: suspicious.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: Actually I did.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: You did?
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: My waiter.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: Your waiter?
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: Would disappear for long stretches
dialog: at a time.
text: Teddy laughs.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: That accounts for the poor Zagat
dialog: rating.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: So nothing unusual.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: None that I recall.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: Okay then.
text: About to go. Stops...
speaker_heading: TEDDY (CONT'D)
dialog: Can I ask why you dined at that
dialog: particular restaurant?
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: Felt like some Pirozhki.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: Pirozhki. That’s the little pie
dialog: with the onions, meat stuffed
dialog: inside. Sounds good right about
dialog: now. Haven’t had dinner yet.
dialog: (good natured smile.
dialog: Then...)
dialog: I ask because there’s 7 authentic
dialog: Russian restaurants within walking
dialog: distance of your apartment. I
dialog: assume they all serve Pirozhkis?
dialog: 42.
text: A jolt of electricity hits the air. You couldn’t tell it by
text: McCall’s face. Remains neutral.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: I was meeting a friend. She picked
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: Guess I should talk to...
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: Shelly. But she won’t be any help.
dialog: She never made it. Her daughter
dialog: had a fever.
text: Teddy studying the average looking McCall. Pieces
dialog: sense.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: Well. Thank you for your time
dialog: then.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: Don’t you want to give me your
dialog: card? In case I remember anything
dialog: later?
text: Teddy pats his pockets.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: Must’ve given them all out.
dialog: not making
dialog: 43.
text: Teddy starts for the stairs...
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: How did you find me?
text: Teddy stops.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: Paid cash for my meal. Didn’t have
dialog: a reservation. Wondered how you
dialog: found me.
text: Teddy’s eyes suddenly laser sharp.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: That’s what we do, Mr. McCall.
dialog: Find people we need to find.
text: McCall smiles.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: Hope you get who you’re looking
dialog: for.
text: Teddy disappearing down the stairs...
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: I always do.
scene_heading: INT. SUBURBAN
text: Idling curb side. Exhaust swirling into the air obliterating
text: outside commotion.
text: Teddy slides into the back seat. MASTERS turns. Teddy Jr.
text: with matching haircut and morals but none of Teddy’s street
dialog: smarts.
speaker_heading: MASTERS
dialog: Anything?
text: Waits as Teddy replays the strange conversation in his head.
text: Realizes he’s not going to answer. Throws the vehicle into
dialog: drive.
dialog: 44,
scene_heading: MCCALL —- FROM HIS WINDOW
text: Watches the Suburban slip into traffic...
scene_heading: EXT. HOME DEPOT - MORNING
text: DAY LABORERS mill by the entrance to the PARKING LOT. Young
text: Dudes wheeling out LAWN FURNITURE and GAS GRILLS as the store
text: opens its doors...
scene_heading: INT. HOME DEPOT - HR OFFICE - DAY
text: LINDA PALISKI, the pleasant and mildly plump HUMAN RESOURCES
text: GIRL at her desk. Looks up to SEE McCall in her doorway
text: eating a Bagel.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: You get a Bagel?
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Bagel?
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: Hit the lotto last night. 36
dialog: dollars. Couldn’t retire on that
dialog: so figured I'd treat everyone to
text: Montague Street Bagels.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Blueberry?
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: Better hurry.
text: McCall watches her go. Slips inside. Drops behind her desk
dialog: computer...
scene_heading: ANOTHER COMPUTER - SOMEPLACE ELSE
text: ROBERT MCCALL being typed into the search box...
text: Teddy waits a second for the results. The LARGE ROOM he’s in
text: suggests HIGH TECH EQUIPMENT of an enormous capacity...
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
text: Small room and tiny computer. EMPLOYEE FILE on screen.
text: HIGHLIGHTS his SOCIAL and changes it. Moves to his BIRTH
dialog: DATE...
speaker_heading: TEDDY
text: Downloads McCall’s HOME DEPOT FILE and hits PRINT. Paper
text: spitting into the tray...
scene_heading: EXT. HOME DEPOT - DUSK
text: EMPLOYEES leaving for the night. McCall one of them.
text: Bumping knuckles with Ralphie in his powder blue uniform...
text: We’re WATCHING THIS FROM...
scene_heading: INSIDE A SUBURBAN
text: Masters, Teddy’s main guy watches McCall disappear down into
text: the Subway. Engine running, Bluetooth connected...
speaker_heading: MASTERS
dialog: He’s what the file says. Home
dialog: Depot employee. Keeps to himself,
dialog: no connections to anything we're
dialog: looking for.
text: Frustrated silence.
speaker_heading: TEDDY (OS)
dialog: Bring it in.
scene_heading: INT. DUANE REED - NIGHT
text: McCall loads his basket with TRAVEL SIZE mouthwash,
dialog: toothpaste, shampoo, etc.
scene_heading: INT. KINKO'S - NIGHT
text: McCall in the PC Section. Cutting, pasting then typing
text: something on the Computer screen.
dialog: 46.
scene_heading: EXT. JFK INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT - DAY
text: A PRIVATE 747 sits wheels down and motionless at the end of
text: Runway 13L. Far from the terminal buildings.
text: TSA VEHICLE crossing the TARMAC and pulling up next to the
dialog: jumbo jet.
text: Teddy Coleman is let out. Climbs the steps to the plane.
scene_heading: INT. 747 - DAY
text: Stripped of everything. ALL overhead bins and seats have
dialog: been removed.
text: Just a painted, thickly carpeted cavernous shell contains
text: nothing but four ZERO GRAVITY CHAIRS where business class
text: would be, an aft SLEEPING SUITE and TWO COUCHES on either
text: side of a CONFERENCE TABLE.
text: Just outside the COCKPIT a handsome teak dining table. At
dialog: which sits...
scene_heading: VLADIMIR PUSHKIN
text: Small elegant man of 33. Quietly eating dinner.
text: Teddy gets halfway to him when A LARGE SECURITY TYPE steps in
text: his way. Directs him to the conference table.
text: IVANN GULYAYEVA motions Teddy to sit opposite him. Pushkin’s
text: “Advisor” clears the paper work in front of him.
text: Looks at Teddy for several seconds. For the first time Teddy
text: appears unnerved.
speaker_heading: IVANN
dialog: Slavi Sokolov was a very valuable
dialog: part of our east coast, USA
dialog: enterprise. Mr. Pushkin is
text: extremely upset at his demise.
text: Teddy's eyes move over Ivann’s shoulder onto Pushkin. The
text: man eats. Never looking up.
speaker_heading: IVANN (CONT'D)
dialog: Eleven months ago you convinced Mr.
dialog: Pushkin you and your team could
dialog: offer unparalleled security and
dialog: um...
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: IVANN (CONT'D)
dialog: problem solving for our operation
dialog: here.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: We've paid you a lot of money to
dialog: shield our interests.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But this happens. And now Mr.
text: Pushkin doesn’t know what to think.
text: Teddy looks back to Ivann. Ivann lets the words hang there.
dialog: If waiting were a martial art this guy would be a grand
dialog: master.
dialog: Finally...
speaker_heading: IVANN (CONT'D)
dialog: A man of your stature and means has
dialog: neither identified or apprehended
dialog: the people responsible. It sets a
dialog: bad precedent.
text: Pushkin still hasn’t looked up from his meal. As if Teddy
dialog: wasn’t there.
speaker_heading: IVANN (CONT'D)
dialog: Mr. Pushkin wants the perpetrators
text: punished. With extreme prejudice.
text: A clear message sent.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Otherwise...
text: Teddy feels a chill run down his spine. Looks over and SEES
text: Pushkin staring at him. Eyes milky white and dead.
text: Pushkin may be blind but his eyes speak with impossible
dialog: clarity...
dialog: Fix this or I'm looking at a dead man...
scene_heading: INT. TACTICAL ROOM - LATER
text: Teddy and his THREE GUYS sitting in the glow of a DOZEN
text: plasma screens. Frustrated looks all around.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
text: Three, four guys walk into a room,
dialog: I don’t care you know ‘em or not,
dialog: you prepare. These were hard core
dialog: killers.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: TEDDY (CONT'D)
dialog: Not one of them gets their pieces
text: out. No defensive wounds either.
text: Teddy reads over the Police Report for the umpteenth time.
speaker_heading: MASTERS
dialog: Go back. What’s the motive here.
speaker_heading: PEDERSON
dialog: Payback for the Vlastok hit...
text: Teddy doesn’t look up.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: Bunch of clowns. Company Intel had
dialog: that group back in Moscow before
text: her body hit the incinerator.
text: Guy with the Buddy Holly glasses swivels his chair around.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Slavi handled Pushkin’s east coast
dialog: trade.
speaker_heading: MASTERS
dialog: Except no one would so much as
text: sneeze in Slavi’s direction because
dialog: of our... involvement.
text: Teddy drops the report.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: We're looking at this wrong. We
text: keep figuring a group. Looking at
text: the patrons downstairs as some sort
text: of look-out for the killing team.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What if one of them WAS the killer.
text: All eyes move to Teddy.
speaker_heading: TEDDY (CONT'D)
dialog: What if it was one guy.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
text: In his KITCHEN pasting the newly printed Prescription labels
dialog: on the Duane Reed bottles...
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: MCCALL'S LAPTOP
text: Open on a TRAVEL SITE. McCall punches in his Pre-Paid Visa
text: card number and hits PURCHASE. Confirmation for his business-
text: class plane ticket to Cartagena, Columbia appears...
scene_heading: INT. HOME DEPOT - DAY
text: McCall in the hardware aisle with a frustrated HOMEOWNER.
text: Guy has a Home Depot bag open and is holding a Kwikset DOOR
text: KNOB and DEAD BOLT package.
speaker_heading: HOMEOWNER
dialog: +. I mean, what does it say right
dialog: there?
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: Universal.
speaker_heading: HOMEOWNER
dialog: Meaning it’ll fit any existing
dialog: door...
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: In the Universe.
speaker_heading: HOMEOWNER
dialog: Only it didn’t fit in my door.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: You sure your door is from this
dialog: Galaxy?
text: The guy looks at McCall. McCall smiles. Both LAUGH.
speaker_heading: MCCALL (CONT'D)
dialog: Lets get you your money back.
scene_heading: HOME DEPOT, FRONT OF STORE - DAY
text: McCall walks up front to the REGISTER AREA. Sees the LINES
dialog: are not moving.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: C’mon. I’11 get you out of here.
text: McCall walks him over to JENNY. Older and heavy set,
text: checking out a customer on Aisle 1.
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: MCCALL (CONT'D)
dialog: Jenny? Can you do a quick card
dialog: refund for this gentleman? He’s in
text: a hurry.
text: Jenny doesn't move. Head and eyes down...
text: McCall looks to the customer and SEES he’s WEARING A
text: TRANSLUCENT PLASTIC MASK giving his face doll-like features.
text: Hand in the pocket of his Hoodie griping the butt of a Raven
dialog: 25
speaker_heading: MASKED THIEF
dialog: Tell the bitch to move it, old man.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
text: Lowers his eyes and speaks quietly.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: She's scared. I’11 get it.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Excuse me, Jenny.
text: Gently steps in front of her. Opens the cash register, hands
text: the cash to Masked Thief. Thief about to leave when he eyes
text: the RING on Jenny’s hand.
speaker_heading: MASKED THIEF
dialog: The ring.
text: Jenny puts her hand over the SMALL DIAMOND RING on her right
dialog: ring finger.
speaker_heading: JENNY
dialog: No. Please. It was my mother’s...
text: Masked Thief pulls his weapon and cocks the hammer. Jenny
text: bursting into quiet tears.
text: Frantically tugging at the ring. It’s on too tight.
text: McCall calmly takes her hand. Holds it to her cheek. Tears
text: pool around the ring and with one twist McCall slips it off
text: her hand. Hands it to Masked Thief.
dialog: 51.
text: MCCALL LOOKING AT HIM
text: Like he did the Russians: The series of snapshots flashing
dialog: through in head: Gun - make and model. Mask - Price
text: sticker with store name. Tat - peeking out of the kid’s
text: sleeve. Car Key - hanging from his belt.
text: BACK TO REAL TIME
text: McCall hasn’t moved. Stark still as the Thief backs out of
text: the store. McCall’s eyes saying what his mouth doesn’t...
dialog: Shouldn't have done that...
scene_heading: INT. HOME DEPOT - CAFETERIA - LATER
text: POLICE finishing up. McCall signs his statement. Gives
text: Jenny a pat and walks over to a despondent Ralphie.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: Hey. Nothing you could do. Police
dialog: just said the guy’s done four like
dialog: this. Shot a Security Guard over
dialog: in Bensonhurst a month ago. It’s
dialog: just money...
speaker_heading: HARDWARE AISLE
text: McCall passes the TOOL SECTION and a rack of sledgehammers.
scene_heading: INT. HOME DEPOT - LOADING DOCK - NEXT MORNING
text: Jenny punching in. Hand shaking. Bandage on her face. McCall
text: punches in behind her.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: Feeling okay?
speaker_heading: JENNY
text: Still a little freaked out.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: Need anything, I got your back.
text: McCall walks off and WE STAY WITH Jenny.
dialog: 52.
text: Through the store with her cash drawer. To her register.
text: Keys it open. About to slip her drawer in when she looks
text: down in astonishment.
text: Her mother's diamond ring laying in the tray.
scene_heading: IN ANOTHER AISLE
text: McCall walking through the TOOL SECTION. Past the
text: sledgehammers. One missing...
text: A GRAINY PICTURE OF MCCALL
text: From the SECURITY CAMERA in the Russian Restaurant. Hardly
text: damning until WE PULL BACK AND SEE...
scene_heading: MANDY - INSIDE HER ONE BEDROOM APARTMENT
text: Teri’s friend from the hospital, holding the photograph.
text: Surrounded by Teddy and his men...
speaker_heading: MANDY
dialog: That’s him. He came to the
dialog: hospital to see Teri.
text: The Men exchange looks.
text: Teddy takes the Photo from Mandy. Pats her shoulder as
text: Masters drops the clear plastic bag over her head.
text: Mandy kicks out wildly as the Large Man holds the bag tight.
text: The girl not going quietly. So Teddy jams his knife into her
text: carotid. Bag splattering with blood...
scene_heading: EXT. DINER - NIGHT
text: The wall of windows that fronts the diner cast a dull orange
text: glow on rain slicked street.
text: Inside McCall’s at his table. Doorman at the counter reading
text: his newspaper. Counterman is behind the counter, changing
text: out coffee filters.
dialog: Still life by Edward Hopper.
dialog: 53.
text: The rain has the street outside quiet. A CON ED WORKER,
text: exhausted from his shift walks up to the diner, hard hat,
dialog: lunch bucket.
scene_heading: INT. DINER - NIGHT
text: The Con Ed Guy grabs the table near the window.
speaker_heading: CON ED GUY
dialog: Coffee.
text: Counterman pours a cup and carries it out to the guy.
speaker_heading: CON ED GUY (CONT'D)
text: Egg sandwich, on a roll. With
dialog: cheese.
text: Counterman back into the kitchen. McCall reading. Doorman
text: checks the scores.
dialog: Quiet.
text: Con Ed guy stirs cream into his cup. The only SOUND is the
text: clinking of the spoon.
text: The CRINKLE of PAPER. Doorman folds his Daily News and
dialog: leaves.
dialog: Quiet.
text: Con Ed guy sips his coffee. Yawns. Long day.
text: McCall pours more hot water over his tea bag. Looks around
text: for something. Then across the room to Con Ed Guy’s table
text: and finds it. Bowl of sugar packets.
text: Walks over.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: Can I grab a sugar?
text: Con Ed guy slides the bowl towards McCall. About to go back
text: to his coffee when his eyes catch sight of McCall’s table.
text: On it a bowl full of sugar packets.
text: Looks up JUST AS MCCALL THROWS THE STEAMING CUP OF COFFEE IN
speaker_heading: HIS FACE..
dialog: 54.
text: Con Ed Guy’s SCREAM is cut off as McCall’s hand cracks the
text: man’s windpipe.
text: Con Ed Guy drops off his chair - Mac-10 Machine Pistol under
text: his coat clatters to the floor.
text: McCall looks towards the street...
text: JUST AS THE WINDOWS EXPLODE IN A SHOWER OF GLASS
text: As automatic weapon fire strafing the interior.
text: McCall bellies to the floor. Arms pulling down tables as
dialog: shields...
text: Grabbing a table knife and JAMMING IT INTO A WALL OUTLET...
text: A FLASH and the ELECTRICITY SHORTS OUT. Everything plunged
text: into darkness.
text: Except for the LASER TRACERS that dot the room followed by
text: bullets that destroy EVERYTHING...
scene_heading: -30 caliber shells SHREDDING WALLS, FURNITURE, GLASSWARE...
text: every possible square inch of space.
scene_heading: REAR OF THE DINER
text: Counterman stumbles from the back confused...
text: BULLETS dance across the COUNTER ripping up the Formica...
text: About to cut Counterman to shreds WHEN...
text: McCall tackles Counterman to the floor just as...
text: The deadly fusillade of metal SPRAYS OVER THEM.
text: McCall laying his body over Counterman UNTIL...
text: The shooting stops...
dialog: Silence.
text: Far off a CAR ALARM BLARES.
text: Somewhere a BABY CRIES...
text: The last piece of glass drops with a gentle ping.
dialog: 55.
scene_heading: EXT. DINER - NIGHT
text: FIVE LARGE MEN DRESSED IN BLACK. Suppressed HK 416’s with
text: Holographic Scopes and Thermal-mounted Screens... LASER
text: SIGHTS dancing across every surface.
text: Team Leader looks to 3, 4 and 5 and gestures them to the back
dialog: alley...
text: Team Leader and his COHORT step into the Diner like
dialog: shadows...
scene_heading: EXT. STREET
text: BLACK VAN idling a half a block down from the Diner...
speaker_heading: INSIDE THE VAN
text: TWO ARMED KILLERS sit in the front seat listening in on the
scene_heading: RADIO COMMUNICATION.
text: IN THE BACK GPS satellite FEEDS, MONITORS with VIDEO IMAGES
text: of the DINER and the surrounding streets...
text: Teddy and his Three Men watch intently. Teddy leans into the
text: RADIO MIKE...
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: I’m waiting for the fucking
dialog: confirmation!
speaker_heading: FRONT OF DINER
text: Leader and Cohort sweep the room. Nothing but the barely
text: breathing Con Ed Guy. Moving around the counter towards the
dialog: back...
scene_heading: INT. DINER, BACK ROOM - NIGHT
text: McCall drags Counterman and shoves him under a counter.
speaker_heading: BACK ALLEY
text: 3, 4 and 5 converge on the Diner’s FIRE EXIT DOOR.
dialog: 56.
scene_heading: INT. STORAGE ROOM
text: McCall steps around BOXES of CANNED GOODS and reaches for
text: Fire Door EXIT...
speaker_heading: BACK ALLEY
text: 3, 4 and 5 on either side of the door. Guns raised...
text: Eyes riveted to the HANDLE...
text: SOUND OF METAL ON BRICK...
text: 5 looks up...
text: AIR CONDITIONING UNIT falling out of the wall and crushing
dialog: his skull...
text: 3 and 4 distracted JUST ENOUGH for...
speaker_heading: THE BACK DOOR
text: To EXPLODE OPEN - McCall like the blade of a scythe. Grabs 3
text: before he can raise his weapon. Using his BODY as a shield
dialog: as 4 fires...
text: Bullets hitting 3 center mass. 3's GUN going off and blowing
text: HOLES across 4’s chest.
scene_heading: THE BACK ALLEY
text: Team Leader and COHORT stepping out to find the bodies and NO
text: MCCALL. Stares down the inky blackness of the Alley...
text: Leader flicks the switch on his weapon-mounted SCREEN.
speaker_heading: ON THE SCREEN
text: THERMAL IMAGES sweeping across the darkness...
text: Electrical boxes on the sides of buildings, power lines above
text: GLOW RED AND ORANGE... ANYTHING radiating HEAT above 72
text: degrees appears.
text: Further down the Alley... HEAT running along the brick and
text: cement walls DANCE ACROSS THE SCREEN like spider veins.
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: COHORT’S POV
text: Green tinged Night Vision. Trash and rats... The alley
dialog: narrowing.
dialog: No place to hide...
speaker_heading: TEAM LEADER
text: Movements precise and efficient. Screen showing a BLIP.
dialog: Then...
text: HEAT IMAGE of a WARM BODY on the other side of a DUMPSTER.
speaker_heading: ALLEY
text: Leader positions for a clear shot. HEARS the HISSING the
text: second he PULLS THE TRIGGER...
text: Hollow Points blowing through the metal Dumpster. Hitting
text: stone wall. Sparking and...
text: Igniting the BROKEN GAS LINE...
text: WHOOSH! Knife-like WALL OF FLAME pierces the dark alley...
scene_heading: THROUGH NIGHT VISION GOGGLES
text: FIREBALL blinding them...
scene_heading: TEAM LEADER AND COHORT
text: Ripping off goggles...
text: McCall COMING FROM BEHIND THE FIRE... WHAM! Throats, arms,
text: tendons snapping. Bodies collapsing
text: McCall not having broken stride as they fall... Keeps moving
dialog: AS...
scene_heading: STREET VAN DOORS SLIDE OPEN
text: LAST TWO ASSASSINS jumping out...
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: VAN ASSASSINS
text: Hitting the Alley on a dead run. Seeing McCall disappear
text: around the final corner...
dialog: Getting to the...
scene_heading: END OF THE ALLEY
text: Open GRATING leading under the street open and still
text: rattling...
text: ASSASSINS clear the opening and quickly lower themselves
text: THROUGH THE OPENING.
speaker_heading: DROPPING
text: Into COMPLETE DARKNESS below. Too inky to see anything
text: except the GLOW of their LASER SIGHTS...
text: They stop and LISTEN for McCall. Tasting blood...
text: They HEAR the RUMBLE a SPLIT SECOND BEFORE...
text: The BRIGHT LIGHT HITS THEM
speaker_heading: WHAM!
text: SUBWAY CAR KILLING THEM INSTANTLY AS IT ROARS BY...
text: HOLD A BEAT after it's gone...
speaker_heading: MCCALL
text: Steps out from a recessed DOORWAY IN THE SUBWAY TUNNEL.
text: Turns and heads down the tunnel like a Ghost...
scene_heading: INT. DINER - SAME TIME
text: Teddy and his Men in the middle of what’s left of the place.
text: The SOUND of shoes on glass as they walk...
speaker_heading: MASTERS
dialog: Who the fuck is this guy?
text: Teddy carefully surveys the carnage.
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: When I was at Coronado there were
dialog: stories about a disavowed team
dialog: operating out of Bahrain. Reeked
dialog: havoc on networks and cells in the
dialog: area. Six guys with skills so off
dialog: the charts it seemed like a joke.
dialog: Until I met them. Then I got it.
dialog: These were guys with particular
dialog: expertise.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: They mentioned there used to be a
dialog: seventh. I think we just met him.
text: The gravity sinking in as POLICE SIRENS grow LOUDER and
text: coming from ALL DIRECTIONS...
speaker_heading: MASTERS
dialog: How do you want to play this?
text: Teddy stepping over to Con Ed Guy. Picks up the Mac-10.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
text: Bunch of Russians shooting each
dialog: other over weapons, drugs...
dialog: Classified investigation, need to
dialog: know, blah, blah... 1I’11 handle
dialog: it.
text: Fires FOUR SHOTS into Con Ed Guy.
speaker_heading: TEDDY (CONT'D)
dialog: Make sure they’re all like him.
scene_heading: MCCALL'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Teddy and his Guys are spread out in different rooms.
text: Surgically going through his place.
text: Teddy standing in the LIVING ROOM studying the place like it
dialog: was a puzzle.
text: Masters coming from the bathroom with empty prescriptions
text: vials.
speaker_heading: MASTERS
dialog: Coumadin and Precose.
text: Pederson appearing from the kitchen with receipts from trash.
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: PEDERSON
dialog: Bunch a travel items purchased
dialog: three days ago.
text: Buddy peering over McCall’s open laptop.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Got a diabetic heart patient
dialog: traveling internationally.
dialog: (pointing to laptop)
dialog: Bought a plane ticket to Columbia
dialog: day before yesterday.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: Guy was prepared for this. He’1ll
dialog: have his next 10 moves worked out.
dialog: That means we’re nine behind him.
scene_heading: EXT. MCCALL’S APARTMENT BUILDING
text: Teddy and his Men exit the walk-up and slip into their double-
text: parked Suburban.
speaker_heading: TEDDY (OS)
dialog: Call DHS. Fill ‘emin. Call
dialog: McCall a person of interest.
dialog: Detain only status.
text: Suburban pulling into traffic. WATCHING this from...
speaker_heading: MCCALL'S POV
text: On a rooftop across the street.
scene_heading: INT. MCCALL’S APARTMENT
text: McCall in the living room. Righting an overturned plant.
text: Fixing the couch cushions. Opens a window to let some air
dialog: in.
text: That’s when he feels the warmth trickling down his leg.
text: Looks at the blood pooling around his shoes.
text: Only now realizing the he's been shot...
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: SHOWER
text: Blood mixes with the water as it runs over the holes just
text: above McCall’s hip. Entrance wound in back smallish. Exit
text: wound ugly and jagged...
speaker_heading: KITCHEN
text: McCall holds a dish towel over the wounds as he removes a pot
text: of honey from the stove.
speaker_heading: ON THE WOUNDS
text: As McCall uses a wooden spoon to slather the boiling honey
text: over the lesions. Cauterizing and disinfecting them.
text: Winding gauze around his abdomen...
scene_heading: EXT. BOARDWALK - NIGHT
text: McCall on his bench. Taking in the clear but chilly night.
text: Watching faces go by. Families, kids, another world.
text: Some internal struggle taking place. For the first time,
text: uncertainty clouds his thinking.
text: Eyes falling on that same shooting booth. Same father and
text: son are back. Poor guy throwing dollar after dollar at the
text: Barker and never coming close to winning that Sponge Bob.
text: That’s when McCall decides. It doesn’t have to be this
dialog: way...
scene_heading: MCCALL’S APARTMENT HALLWAY
text: McCall removes the plants on top of the bookcase. Reaches
text: inside the top shelf and WE HEAR a CLICK...
text: McCall slides the bookcase to the left. The entire unit
text: rolling away to reveal...
speaker_heading: A SAFE ROOM
dialog: The keeper of secrets.
text: Devoid of anything except the bags and boxes of a life once
text: upon a time that sit untouched on the floor.
dialog: 62.
text: A built-in shelving unit contains a few items we recognize:
text: The car keys from Home Depot Thief. Handcuffs from one of
text: Ralphie’s corrupt cops. Teri’s CD...
text: And the bloodied cell phone he took from Slavi.
scene_heading: BLACKBERRY SCREEN
dialog: List of phone numbers SCROLLS BY. One particular number
dialog: occurring more often than the others.
scene_heading: MCCALL'S KITCHEN
text: McCall dialing the number. RINGS once and WE HEAR...
speaker_heading: TEDDY (OS)
dialog: You've reached my cell. Leave a
dialog: message or call my office at 212-
dialog: 246-7614.
text: McCall jots the number down. Dials it. After THREE RINGS...
speaker_heading: SECRETARY (OS)
text: Agent Coleman’s office.
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: I’m sorry. I was trying to reach
dialog: someone else. Can you transfer me
dialog: back to operator?
text: Two more RINGS and a FEMALE VOICE...
speaker_heading: OPERATOR (OS)
dialog: Central Intelligence Agency. How
dialog: may I direct your call?
scene_heading: INT. GRAND CENTRAL TERMINAL - DAY
text: Classic beaus arts decor, the night sky ceiling, the stone
text: and ironwork never looked more ominous.
text: CROWDS of people rushing to and from trains.
text: McCall one of them. Disappearing into the tunnel of TRACK
dialog: 17...
dialog: 63.
scene_heading: EXT. SHENANDOAH VALLEY - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Rolling meadows defined by old, split rail fences and farms
dialog: dating back to the birth of this country. Great shadows of
text: clouds blanket the green hillsides.
text: A nondescript RENTAL CAR winds its way across the Valley...
scene_heading: EXT. SMALL FARMHOUSE
text: The rental car rolls up a two-rut excuse for a driveway in
text: the middle of nowhere heading towards a modest, farm house.
text: Late 1800s, beautifully maintained.
text: A screen door swings open and JASON PLUMMER steps onto the
dialog: porch.
text: Early 70s with serious, deep blue eyes that have seen most of
text: what life can offer. Good and bad. Wears soft, comfortable
text: clothes and a smile that matches.
text: Watches as McCall gets out. The two stare at each other for
text: a long moment.
text: McCall walks up to the porch stairs. No words are spoken.
text: But we feel something significant here as they walk inside.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - DUSK
text: McCall, Plummer and his wife SUSAN sit at an old plank table.
text: Lace table cloth, aged flatware and china, garden picked
dialog: flowers.
text: The three eat in comfortable silence. No one feeling the
dialog: need to ruin the meal.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN
text: McCall washing. Plummer drying. Susan brings in the empty
text: serving trays. Exchanges looks with her husband then walks
dialog: out for the rest.
speaker_heading: PLUMMER
dialog: Stopped counting the reasons I
dialog: married that woman years ago.
dialog: 64.
scene_heading: INT. STUDY
text: Well-worn early Native American. Pendleton blankets and
text: throws. Fire going. McCall settled into a chair next to it.
text: Plummer cracks walnuts on the couch.
text: Susan comes in with a tray of drinks. Sets it down on the
text: slab of redwood that stands in for a coffee table. Hands
dialog: McCall a cup of hot water and the exact tea bag we've seen
text: him use at the diner.
text: After a beat of silence Plummer stands.
speaker_heading: PLUMMER
dialog: Well. I’11 leave you two to catch
dialog: up.
text: Susan waits for the door to close. After a moment...
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: If you’ve come for my help I can’t
dialog: give you any. I have no influence
dialog: these days. I fly to DC three days
dialog: a week. Sit in a office reserved
dialog: for people with secrets too scary
dialog: to let completely out of sight. I
dialog: think they're afraid I’m going to
dialog: write a book or something.
dialog: Apparently that’s what retired
dialog: spooks do out here.
text: If McCall hears her he doesn’t let on. Finally takes his
text: eyes from the fireplace. Looks at Susan...
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: What would the CIA have to do with
dialog: a bunch of Russian pimps?
text: Susan processes the statement. Her answer comes quickly.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Nothing. The CIA doesn’t care
dialog: about pimps. Russian or otherwise.
dialog: So start with the fact they weren’t
dialog: pimps. Selling girls was a hobby.
text: Susan waits for McCall to process this.
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: SUSAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Think Amazon. Big. All
dialog: encompassing. Sells everything.
dialog: Place an order it’s delivered to
dialog: your doorstep. Items are shipped
dialog: to you from various warehouses
dialog: across the country.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Amazon employs teams to run those
dialog: hubs.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: The Russians - specifically,
dialog: Vladamir Pushkin - are the black
dialog: market Amazon. Gasoline, weapons,
dialog: drugs, bonds, executions,
dialog: extortion, secrets, you name it
dialog: they provide it. Pushkin considers
dialog: the US the biggest shopping mall in
dialog: the world.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You took out Pushkin’s East Coast
dialog: team. Shut down a hub. Your CIA
dialog: friends were paid to protect that
dialog: from happening. Now they’re
text: looking for blood.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: More tea?
scene_heading: EXT. FARMLAND - NIGHT
text: Rolling hills likes waves on a black sea.
text: A long rail fence that disappears into the horizon. McCall
text: and Susan leaning against it. Silhouetted by the cobalt
text: night sky and lit by an old Coleman lantern.
text: A long moment.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: When they told me you were dead, I
dialog: didn’t believe it. Not from
text: something as trivial as an IED. It
dialog: just wasn’t you, Robert.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: That you're alive is a relief. But
dialog: not a surprise. Jason and I talked
dialog: a great deal about you over the
dialog: years. If anyone could have
dialog: figured a way out.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: SUSAN (CONT'D)
dialog: A way to walk away for good, start
dialog: fresh... it would have been you.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Either way I figured I'd never see
dialog: you again. Preferred it that way.
dialog: I imagined you wandering the earth
dialog: searching for some peace, some
dialog: understanding of yourself.
dialog: Wondering if you’d find it in time.
text: Lantern FLAME flickers in McCall’s eyes.
speaker_heading: SUSAN (CONT'D)
dialog: In all my years as a handler there
dialog: was no one ever like you. Your
dialog: skills were undefinable. A mind
dialog: that saw things no one else did.
dialog: In ways no one else could.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What you did for your country
dialog: cannot be measured. You saved
dialog: lives too many to count. Yet it
dialog: didn’t feel good to you. Even
dialog: though what we did mattered, it
dialog: didn’t feel right to you.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: I couldn’t see...
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: The meaning. I know...
text: Flame starting to die out.
speaker_heading: SUSAN (CONT'D)
text: The greatest violins cannot hear
dialog: music. The most beautiful
dialog: paintings cannot see the joy they
dialog: bring. It’s simply the way it is.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: We can't all be heroes, Robert.
text: Someone has to sit on the curb and
text: clap as they go by.
text: A LONG silence.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: I didn’t have to go there. I
dialog: didn’t have to kill them.
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Yes you did.
text: McCall looks at Susan.
speaker_heading: SUSAN (CONT'D)
dialog: It was clear. It was just. It
dialog: mattered.
text: A NIGHTHAWK swoops across the Valley. Gliding low in search
dialog: of prey...
speaker_heading: SUSAN (CONT'D)
dialog: We must be the thing we are. Your
dialog: gift wasn’t right for our gray,
dialog: murky world. Your soul needed
text: black and white. A clear reason.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You’re an instrument of justice,
dialog: Robert. You can’t run from that.
text: Flame so low we can only see their eyes.
speaker_heading: SUSAN (CONT'D)
dialog: But you knew this before you came
dialog: here.
text: Susan turns to look at McCall for the first time.
speaker_heading: SUSAN (CONT'D)
dialog: You didn’t come here for help. You
dialog: came here for permission.
text: McCall doesn’t move. Knows it’s true.
speaker_heading: SUSAN (CONT'D)
dialog: There were rumors about rogue CIA
dialog: teams for years. Basically doing
dialog: contract work for interests abroad.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What you’re talking about is
dialog: different. High level Field Agents
text: on US soil. An arrangement with a
dialog: Pushkin would make them extremely
dialog: dangerous. Anyone perceived as a
dialog: threat would be terminated.
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: Were I talking to anyone else my
dialog: advice would be this: Minneapolis
dialog: is wonderful this time of year.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: SUSAN (CONT'D)
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But I’m not. I’m talking to a
dialog: force of nature.
text: Susan lifts the Coleman and turns it off. For a brief moment
text: we are immersed in the absence of the light. When our eyes
dialog: adjust, here, away from cities and the things of man, all
dialog: seems right.
text: The two stand framed against this wonder. We can’t see them
dialog: anymore. We just HEAR...
speaker_heading: SUSAN (CONT'D)
dialog: All I can say is heaven help them.
scene_heading: INT. TEDDY'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: An upscale LOFT in SOHO.
text: Teddy on a treadmill running hard. Has been for some time.
text: Massive chest heaving as he pushes himself to the limit.
scene_heading: INT. TEDDY'S BATHROOM - NIGHT
text: A large shower already running. Teddy’s head under the
text: steaming water. Letting the stream run over his face.
text: Looks down and realizes the water is pooling at his feet.
text: The drain is plugged. Bends down to open it...
text: When lights go out.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: What the...
text: Teddy slides opens the glass door and SEES...
speaker_heading: MCCALL
text: Sitting on the closed toilet. Across the room from the
text: shower. An electrical cord pulled from a lamp in his hand,
text: ends stripped bare.
text: McCall stares at Teddy. A dark, hollow stare. Plugs the
dialog: cord in.
text: Teddy starting to step out of the shower when McCall tosses
text: the cord out like a fishing cast.
dialog: 69.
text: Hits the water at Teddy’s feet sending a SHOCK through his
text: body. Moving him back into the shower.
text: McCall pulls the cord back.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: Who are you?
text: McCall stays quiet.
text: Teddy tries to move again. McCall snaps out the cord -
text: shocking him again. Teddy jumps back.
text: Room filling with steam now... McCall’s image is getting
text: faint. Ghost-like.
text: Begins touching the two ends of the cord together. Lighting
text: his face through the mist in brief hypnotic flashes.
text: Teddy stays frozen in the shower.
speaker_heading: TEDDY (CONT'D)
dialog: You don’t know who you're fucking
dialog: with.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: I know exactly.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: If you did, this would be the last
dialog: place you'd...
text: McCall throws the cord again. Hits the water... this time he
text: leaves it a bit... SPARKS FLASH as Teddy trembles. The
text: massive jolt surging through his body.
text: McCall snaps the cord back.
text: Teddy breathes heavy and braces himself against the walls of
text: the shower. McCall sparking the ends of the wire again.
text: Steam getting thicker. McCall’s image fainter.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: Special Agent Theodore Coleman.
dialog: CIA, NCS Division. Counter
dialog: Intelligence, 9 years. 41. Ex-
dialog: Navy Seal. Your liver enzymes are
dialog: high. History of primary mitral
text: valve prolapse.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: MCCALL (CONT'D)
dialog: It rains you walk with a limp
dialog: because of the MCL injury you
dialog: suffered in Kuwait never healed
dialog: properly. I’11 show you the x-rays
dialog: if you want.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: You going to kill me, do it.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: I don’t need to kill you like this.
dialog: I can think of over 20 ways to kill
dialog: you right now... in this room
dialog: alone.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: What do you want, McCall?
text: McCall stares at Teddy through the dense steam... Almost
dialog: disappearing.
text: Tosses the cord out again and leaves it. Teddy trembles as
text: the VOLTAGE COURSES THROUGH HIS BODY. Eyes bulge, hands grip
text: the sides of the shower...
dialog: When it’s almost too much to bear...
text: The cord snaps back.
text: Teddy falls in the shower GASPING for breath. Room now
text: filled with steam. Can’t see more than a few inches. Out in
text: the steam the cord ends spark like an orange beacon.
speaker_heading: TEDDY (CONT’D)
dialog: WHAT DO YOU WANT?
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: I want us to be clear with one
dialog: another.
text: Teddy sees a wooden back brush. Grabs it and breaks the
text: brush head off. Giving him a jagged sliver of wood.
text: Tries to SEE McCall through the steam. Can’t. Just his
dialog: VOICE...
speaker_heading: MCCALL (OS) (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m going to take you down. Piece
dialog: by piece. And everyone that’s with
dialog: you.
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: You think so...
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: I’m already doing it. You just
dialog: have to decide who you’re more
dialog: afraid of... me or Pushkin.
text: McCall SPARKS the ends together once more...
speaker_heading: MCCALL (CONT'D)
dialog: Either way you’re done.
text: Teddy slides the glass door open a sliver...
speaker_heading: MCCALL (CONT'D)
dialog: Be better all around if you turn
dialog: yourself into IA. I’m offering you
dialog: an out. I suggest you take it...
dialog: Otherwise this will not end well
dialog: for you...
text: In ONE SWIFT MOTION Teddy throws the door open and JAMS THE
text: WOOD SLIVER INTO THE WALL OUTLET! POWER to the HOUSE GOES
dialog: OUT...
text: Teddy grabbing the GLOCK from under the towels and FIRING...
text: PORCELAIN AND TILE SHATTERING as SIX ROUNDS EVISCERATES the
dialog: TOILET...
text: Teddy moving naked through the steam and finding McCall gone.
speaker_heading: TEDDY'S BEDROOM
text: Flushed and angry. Out into the hall, Glock in his hand,
text: loaded and ready.
dialog: Slowly...
speaker_heading: TEDDY
text: Clears the house. Room to room. Nothing. Gets to the FOYER
text: and SEES he FRONT DOOR wide open...
speaker_heading: EXERCISE AREA
text: Teddy grabbing his CELL off of the treadmill and DIALING.
text: Masters answers...
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: He was here!
speaker_heading: MASTERS
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: McCall!
speaker_heading: MASTERS
dialog: He’s in Mexico City. We just got
dialog: confirma--
speaker_heading: TEDDY
text: HE WAS IN MY FUCKING HOUSE!
text: CLOSE ON the BACK OF TEDDY’S PHONE. An almost invisible
text: CLEAR PLASTIC STRIP with faint circuitry running through
dialog: it...
speaker_heading: ON MCCALL
text: On HIS phone. Ear piece in LISTENING TO...
speaker_heading: TEDDY (0S)
dialog: Get a hold of everybody. I want a
dialog: meet in 30.
scene_heading: INT. RADIO SHACK - LATER
text: McCall being handed a bag of CHEAP EQUIPMENT...
speaker_heading: LEGAL PAD
text: Pen scribbling the name MASTERS on it. Names PEDERSON and
text: BUDDY already on the page.
scene_heading: EXT. BATTERY PARK - DAY
text: Filled with FAMILIES and TOURISTS on this incredibly BRIGHT
text: afternoon. Sailboats in the Harbour. The Circle Line Ferry
text: chugging past the Statue of Liberty.
text: McCall on a picnic bench eating a salad. Pen and pad in
text: front of him. HEADPHONES on. Head nodding in rhythm to what
text: appears to be MUSIC.
dialog: 73.
dialog: But really listening to...
speaker_heading: TEDDY (OS)
dialog: Pederson takes the whore’s
dialog: apartment...
text: Stabs a plastic fork in his SALAD and takes a bite. Cheap
text: Radio Shack Sound Amplifier under the table. $49.00 and good
text: up to 100 feet. Pointed at...
scene_heading: TEDDY AND HIS MEN
text: Twenty yards away. Standing near the railing to the FERRY
text: TERMINAL. Bodies tense and wound tight as steel
dialog: tourniquets.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: What’s he want? I mean everybody
dialog: wants something.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: He wants our heads. That’s all we
dialog: need to know.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
text: Writing the words Weak next to Buddy’s name.
scene_heading: PIER PARKING LOT
text: Jammed with CARS and SUV's baking under a blazing sun.
text: Including Teddy's. Under which McCall slaps a tiny GPS
text: transmitter as he walks by.
scene_heading: INT. HOME DEPOT - SUPERVISOR'S OFFICE
text: McCall sitting across from the store’s SUPERVISOR Georgie.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: Just a couple of days until I can
dialog: straighten it out.
speaker_heading: GEORGIE
dialog: Hey. Family comes first. Marcus
dialog: can cover your shift until Monday.
dialog: 74.
scene_heading: INT. NAVIGATOR
text: Masters inside. Parked down the block from McCall's
text: Apartment Building. Eyes peeled.
scene_heading: INT. TAURUS - MOVING
text: Pederson passing the Check Cashing Place for the third time.
text: McCall's bank/Credit card Statements on the passenger seat.
scene_heading: EXT. OFFICE BUILDING - MIDTOWN
text: A glass and steel monolith nestled in the 600 Block of
text: Madison Avenue. No designation or name on the facade.
dialog: But...
scene_heading: INT. CIA BUILDING LOBBY
text: Humming with SECURITY PERSONNEL.
text: Everybody emptying pockets and checked by GUARDS before
text: stepping through SOPHISTICATED BODY SCANNERS.
text: Including Teddy and Buddy. Walking to the SECURE ELEVATORS
text: where they wait in SILENCE.
text: Teddy playing the game with McCall in his head. After a
dialog: moment...
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: Everybody cares about something...
speaker_heading: EAST 19TH STREET
text: Rush hour TRAFFIC inches along. Staccato BURSTS of HORN and
text: SQUEALING breaks. Buses heaving their hulks across lanes.
text: Weaving her way through it all comes...
speaker_heading: TERI
text: Stepping between PARKED CARS and onto the sidewalk. Lugging
text: her book bag halfway up the block.
text: Blissfully unaware of the TWO RUSSIAN MURDERERS sliding out
text: of the Lincoln behind her.
dialog: 75.
text: Predatory faces watching her enter her Five Story walk-up...
scene_heading: THIRD FLOOR HALLWAY
text: Teri trudges the final flight. Walks to the last apartment
text: at the end of the hall. Unlocks the door and steps inside.
text: SOUNDS of the CHAIN and DEAD BOLT follow.
text: A moment later the two Russians are on either side of Teri’s
text: door. Pockets handgun heavy, assessing the locks. The
text: LITTLE RUSSIAN pulls a set of tools...
text: The SOUND of GLASS BREAKING comes from somewhere down the
text: adjoining hallway.
text: What happens next happens fast and like this: LARGE RUSSIAN
text: (Mighty Joe Young with a brain) creeps along the wall to SEE
dialog: what’s what.
text: Peers around the corner. The blow from the Fire Extinguisher
text: collapses the front of his head like a soda can.
text: LITTLE RUSSIAN stunned for a split second. And that second
dialog: gets him deceased.
text: McCall taking only one step and breaking his larynx before
text: his weapon clears his belt.
text: The next thing WE SEE are their legs disappearing into the
scene_heading: TRASH ROOM...
speaker_heading: BASEMENT
text: TWO GUNS then BODIES tumbling from the trash chute and into
text: the dumpster.
scene_heading: INT. TEDDY'S OFFICE
text: Typical Field Agent’s space. File Boxes piled everywhere.
text: Six year old computer tied to a secure line.
text: Teddy at the window pondering the next move when his CELL
text: RINGS. Recognizes the number and picks up.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: Better be what I want to hear.
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: MCCALL (OS)
dialog: Depends on what you were expecting.
dialog: I suspect you’re a tad disappointed
dialog: already.
text: Teddy doesn’t move. You’d swear his pulse actually DROPS.
scene_heading: COMMUNICATIONS ROOM
text: SCREENS with CAMERA FEEDS from HOT AREAS in the City. SUBWAY
scene_heading: PLATFORMS, BRIDGES, TUNNELS etc.
scene_heading: SEVERAL TACTICIANS wearing HEADSETS monitor WIRELESS
scene_heading: COMMUNICATION.
text: Teddy striding in. Slides the Mobile number in front of TACT
text: 1. It’s quickly punched into the system which begins
text: triangulating McCall’s number.
text: ON THE SCREEN WE SEE the SIGNAL AREA shrinking rapidly...
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: Gotta tell you I consider myself a
dialog: smart guy. Still can’t figure
dialog: this. Why you...
speaker_heading: MCCALL (OS)
text: Kick over a rock most of the time
text: something crawls out from under it.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You’re misfortune is I’m the one
dialog: who kicked over yours.
text: Teddy watching the SCREEN as the ADDRESS SCROLLS ACROSS THE
text: BOTTOM OF THE SCREEN. Tactician 1 turning to Teddy.
speaker_heading: TACT I
dialog: Isn’t that Agent Pederson’s
dialog: address?
scene_heading: INT. PEDERSON’S HOUSE
text: McCall in the Office. Flash Drive just about done copying
text: files from Pederson’s LAPTOP.
dialog: 77.
scene_heading: TEDDY'S OFFICE - SAME TIME
text: Teddy back at his window. Dull eyes watching the sun set
text: between the buildings. Resignation washing over him.
scene_heading: INT. HOME DEPOT, EMPLOYEE ENTRANCE - NIGHT
text: Ralphie standing by the front door with his keys. Young
text: Dudes looking spiffy heading home for the weekend.
speaker_heading: YOUNG DUDE 2
text: Saturday night. Big mash up at
dialog: Brian's. You down for that?
speaker_heading: YOUNG DUDE 1
dialog: Like five bucks an hour. Plus
dialog: tips.
speaker_heading: RALPHIE
dialog: Tips?
speaker_heading: YOUNG DUDE 1
dialog: Need a Security dude to watch the
dialog: liquor. Bring your mace can,
dialog: Rambo.
speaker_heading: RALPHIE
dialog: Fuck you...
text: Good natured LAUGHS as the Dudes head off.
text: Ralphie about to the lock the door when a man steps inside.
speaker_heading: RALPHIE (CONT'D)
dialog: We're closed...
text: Ralphie looks up into the face of Masters who shows him
text: the Beretta jammed into his belt.
speaker_heading: MASTERS
dialog: Don’t be a hero, Chubs.
speaker_heading: INTERNET CAFE
text: McCall sifting through Pederson’s FILES. Processing what
text: he’s seeing. From his look, something surprising...
scene_heading: EXT. 34TH STREET - MCCALL
dialog: 78.
text: Man on a mission now. Swallowed up by Rush Hour foot traffic
text: near Penn Station. Dialing the PRE-PAID CELL
dialog: 34th Street...
speaker_heading: TEDDY (OS)
dialog: I was hoping you'd call.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: Found your money.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: Figured you would. You can’t get
dialog: to it. Or prove it’s mine...
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: Making assumptions like that is
dialog: dangerous.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
text: Walking through the PARKING GARAGE underneath
text: Oddly calm. His eyes saying... this was fun
dialog: lasted.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: Know the difference between me and
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: MCCALL (OS)
dialog: Where should I begin.
text: Teddy slides into his vehicle.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: I don’t give a shit. About
dialog: anything. But you do. And that
dialog: puts a big bulls-eye on your back.
dialog: Took me a while to figure it out.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'll be laser straight with you.
dialog: Thirty minutes. Boat Basin. Just
dialog: me and you.
speaker_heading: MCCALL (OS)
dialog: Or?
dialog: as he crosses
dialog: his building.
dialog: while it
dialog: 79.
text: Teddy pulls a piece of paper from his jacket pocket.
dialog: Reads...
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: Ralph Marquez, Jennifer Gould,
dialog: Manny Ramirez and the six other
dialog: Orange vests won’t be going home
dialog: tonight.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
text: Stopping in the cross walk. Bumped and jostled by COMMUTERS.
speaker_heading: TEDDY (OS)
dialog: Violence without a message is a
dialog: waste of movement. Don’t you
dialog: think?
text: HOLD on McCall’s face. Audio collapse washing over him.
text: Suddenly the city, its noise, its commotion doesn’t exist.
text: Eyes flat and hard. Whatever forms this man’s soul begins to
text: spread through his entire body.
text: When his answer comes it’s soft and measured.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: Alright. We'll play this your way.
text: Cuts off the call. Thinks for moment. Then looks down at
dialog: his wristwatch...
text: And starts the Stopwatch ticking...
scene_heading: INT. HOME DEPOT - DUSK
text: Masters walking Ralphie to the back of the store. Meeting up
text: with Buddy and Pederson who have Jenny, Manny and SEVERAL
speaker_heading: OTHERS.
text: At the SAME TIME...
text: DOORS TO A MIDTOWN BUS OPEN
text: McCall stepping onto the M4 headed downtown. Taking a seat
text: near the MIDDLE EXIT DOORS. Pulling out another PRE-PAID
text: CELL PHONE from the Radio Shack bag. Powering it up.
dialog: 80.
text: With his other hand punches numbers into HIS cell phone.
text: Forwarding HIS NUMBER to the Pre-paid Phone...
scene_heading: HOME DEPOT - TOOL REPAIR AND RENTAL SECTION - SAME TIME
text: Sectioned off by a chain link fence. Employees herded into
dialog: the area by Teddy’s Guys.
scene_heading: PARKING LOT - VARIOUS AREAS - SAME TIME
text: Over the rise WE SEE the dark gleaming grill of a black SUV
text: roll into a lot.
text: Then another. And another. SIX identical black SUVs,
text: ominous and forboding, pulling onto the asphalt surrounding
dialog: the premises.
text: PULLING BACK TO SEE...
text: SUVs ringing the perimeter of the structure. INSIDE each sit
scene_heading: TWO RUSSIAN KILLERS.
text: IN ONE OF THE SUVS
text: Russian 7 checks the load in his Glock. Russian 8 on his
text: RADIO with Masters.
speaker_heading: RUSSIAN 8
dialog: We're here.
speaker_heading: MASTERS (OS)
dialog: Lock down the perimeter. Shoot
dialog: anyone who looks like him that gets
text: within 20 yards of the place.
speaker_heading: HOLDING AREA
text: Masters clicks off as Pederson comes back with a handful of
text: NYLON wire WRAPS. Tosses them to Ralphie.
speaker_heading: PEDERSON
text: Behind their backs. Tight.
dialog: 81.
scene_heading: EXT. BOAT BASIN - SAME TIME
text: Teddy leaning against his car. Staring down at his PDA. ON
text: THE SCREEN is a GPS screen. McCall’s CELL NUMBER highlighted
dialog: and moving South...
text: Teddy smiles. DIALS...
scene_heading: INT. DOWNTOWN BUS
text: McCall not on it. CAMERA MOVES under the seat he was in...
text: McCall’s Cell Phone under it. RINGS SILENTLY..
speaker_heading: MCCALL
text: Someplace else and moving ANSWERS the Pre-Paid Phone.
speaker_heading: TEDDY (OS)
dialog: Thought you might go ICBM on me.
dialog: You're making the right decision.
dialog: For better or worse it was always
dialog: going to end this way..
text: McCall keeps moving.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: Yeah well, there are some worsts
dialog: nobody ever thinks about.
dialog: Click.
scene_heading: EXT. HOME DEPOT PARKING LOT - SAME TIME
text: TWO of the SUVs idling within sight of each other.
speaker_heading: INSIDE ONE
text: RADIO PLAYS Curren$y. Russian 1 behind the wheel bouncin’ to
text: it. Not understanding a word.
text: Looks out his window at the SUV across the way. Guys with
text: their feet up on the dash talking to one another.
text: Back to his MUSIC. Turns it up. Adjusts bass. Likes it
text: more. Glances back to the other SUV...
dialog: No one's in it.
dialog: 82.
text: Looks around the parking lot. Nothing. Sits up. Turns to
dialog: his partner.
speaker_heading: RUSSIAN 1
dialog: Hey...
text: He’s asleep. Shakes him and the man falls forward.
text: Sharp object protruding through the back of his seat,
text: disappearing into the man.
text: Russian 1 spins quickly towards the back seat.
dialog: McCall.
text: And that’s the last thing he sees.
scene_heading: INT. HOME DEPOT, HOLDING AREA - NIGHT
text: Employees on the floor. Hands tie-wrapped behind their
text: backs. Just the SOUND of breathing...
text: Masters rolls the gate shut. Locks it with a padlock. Takes
text: out his phone and starts to dial when...
text: Kool and the Gang begins playing over the store's PA System.
text: All three snapping into tense mode. Guns coming out...
text: Masters unlocks the cage. Points his weapon at Ralphie.
speaker_heading: MASTERS
dialog: Where’s that coming from?
speaker_heading: DEPOT AISLE
text: Masters and Pederson follow Ralphie as they make their way
text: through the empty aisles. Guns are drawn. MUSIC drifting
text: from the SPEAKERS above.
speaker_heading: KOOL (VO)
dialog: Oh yes it's Ladies Night and
dialog: feelin's right...
scene_heading: SECURITY OFFICE
text: Masters pushes Ralphie into the office as Pederson clears it.
dialog: 83.
dialog: Empty.
text: CD player patched into the PA system. Power on. Masters
text: hits stop and it’s suddenly QUIET again.
speaker_heading: MASTERS
dialog: Who else is here?
speaker_heading: RALPHIE
dialog: No one. I swear...
text: Pederson grabs Masters arm. Points him to the SECURITY
speaker_heading: MONITORS.
text: Masters follows his look to CAMERA 16. Middle of the store.
text: A LONE FIGURE moves like a Ghost down a center aisle.
speaker_heading: MASTERS
dialog: (into his Radio)
dialog: He’s in the fucking store!
text: DOORS TO THE VANS AND SUVS OPEN
text: A wave of icy death pour out of the vehicles jacking their
text: automatic weapons and fan out.
text: Split into GROUPS and head for the various entrances to the
dialog: store.
scene_heading: MASTERS AND PEDERSON
text: Throwing Ralphie back into the Holding Area. Tie-wrapping
text: his hands to the gate, padlocking it with Buddy inside.
speaker_heading: MASTERS
dialog: We don’t come back... kill ‘em
dialog: all.
text: Masters goes to call Teddy. Gets no signal. Looks up and
text: follows Pederson’s eyes to the AWNING WINDOWS near the
dialog: ceiling.
text: Everyone of them covered in TIN FOIL. Blocking the Cell
text: signals in and out...
dialog: 84.
scene_heading: BOAT BASIN - SAME TIME
text: Teddy opening the trunk and removing the standard issue
text: Remington 12 gage. Cradles it under his arm and checks his
speaker_heading: PDA.
text: McCall's signal closing in...
scene_heading: INT. HOME DEPOT - FRONT ENTRANCE
text: FOUR Russians step inside. Dark. Eyes adjusting. Talks
text: into his RADIO.
speaker_heading: RUSSIAN
dialog: We're in.
speaker_heading: LOADING DOCK
text: Large door SWINGS OPEN and RUSSIANS 1, 2 and 3 step inside.
speaker_heading: GARDEN ENTRANCE
text: RUSSIANS 4,5,6 and 7 eyeing the cavernous place.
speaker_heading: RUSSIAN 4
dialog: In.
scene_heading: EMPLOYEE ENTRANCE
text: Russians 8 and 9 close the door behind them. Safeties
dialog: clicked off...
speaker_heading: RUSSIAN 9
dialog: In.
scene_heading: INT. HOME DEPOT - VARIOUS AREAS - NIGHT
text: Silent. Nobody moving. Store quiet and empty. Aisles
text: deserted. Place feels feral and dangerous.
text: That's when THE POWER GOES OUT. ENTIRE STORE plunged into
dialog: blackness.
dialog: 85.
text: OUTSIDE THE HOLDING AREA
text: Masters feels the chill run down his spine. Flips the
dialog: safety off...
scene_heading: HOME DEPOT - WIDE
text: Dark FIGURES moving into the belly of the store from every
dialog: conceivable angle...
scene_heading: RUSSIANS 4, 5, 6 AND 7
text: Walking slowly. Every SOUND HEIGHTENED.
speaker_heading: RUSSIANS 8 AND 9
text: Kel-Tec Shotguns on their hips. Eyes scanning every shadow
dialog: and space.
speaker_heading: RUSSIANS 1, 2 AND 3
text: Fan out. Each taking a different aisle.
speaker_heading: RUSSIANS 2 AND 3
text: Start down LIGHTING FIXTURES. Broken BULBS litter the middle
text: of the aisle where someone ransacked the shelves...
speaker_heading: RUSSIAN 1
text: Steps into the PAINT SECTION. SEES...
text: TARPS, PAINT CANS and A HALOGEN WORK LIGHT splayed across the
text: floor... Slowly maneuvers around the mess... Stepping over
dialog: the Halogen stand WHEN...
text: THE LAMP BLAZES ON
text: Momentarily blinding Russian 1. Turns his head away and
dialog: finds the spectre of...
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
text: Who JAMS his thumb into the Russian’s eye. Then his throat.
text: Cutting off his ability to make sound. WHAM! WHAM! Two
text: thumbs into his ribs and diaphragm.
text: Russian 1 doubling over. Making it easier for McCall to
text: snap his neck.
text: Checks his watch.
speaker_heading: GARDEN AISLE
dialog: Russians 2 and 3 walk with purpose...
scene_heading: BATHROOM FIXTURE AISLE
text: Russian 4 sweeps his gun across the area...
speaker_heading: RUSSIAN 3
text: Hardware Section. Mid-aisle. Stops and listens. HEARS a
text: SNAPPING SOUND one aisle over.
text: Quietly pushes aside some boxes on the SHELVING UNIT.
text: Creating space TO SEE INTO THE NEXT AISLE. REVEALING...
speaker_heading: MCCALL
text: Pulling the trigger on the PNEUMATIC NAIL GUN. SINGLE CEMENT
text: ANCHOR THUDDING into Russian 3’s FOREHEAD.
text: Pulls the spent CO2 cartridge out and pops in another...
scene_heading: RUSSIANS 5, 6 AND 7
text: Stepping around the corner. SEEING their dead comrade.
text: Faces twists into a masks of rage.
text: Anger blinding them as they stalk down...
speaker_heading: THE APPLIANCES AISLE
text: In and around the REFRIGERATORS. Past the WASHERS AND
text: DRYERS...
dialog: 87.
text: Then a HUMMING SOUND. Stop... listen... Eyes following the
dialog: SOUND to...
text: THE DISPLAY OF MICROWAVES
text: Timers ticking down. Russian 5 leans down and looks
dialog: inside...
text: THROUGH THE MICROWAVE WINDOW
text: A small propane tank turning slowly on the plate.
dialog: BOOM! !!!
text: THE WALL EXPLODES INTO FLAMES. A HUGE FIREBALL engulfing all
text: three Russians. Bodies catching fire...
scene_heading: INT. HOLDING AREA
text: The SOUNDS coming from inside the store waft over Ralphie and
text: the other hostages. The SCREAMS frighten them into
text: puddles...
text: Buddy backs away from the gate.
speaker_heading: RUSSIAN 8 AND 9
text: HEARING the SCREAMS. Following them into...
speaker_heading: THE APPLIANCE AISLE
text: Where Russians 5,6 and 7 lay smoldering. Flesh burning off
dialog: their bones.
text: Fear now fills their souls. 8 and 9 exchange looks, turn and
dialog: BOLT...
text: Racing like the wind towards...
scene_heading: THE EMPLOYEE ENTRANCE
dialog: Where they STOP DEAD.
dialog: 88.
scene_heading: EMPLOYEE ENTRANCE DOOR
text: Chained and padlocked. From the inside. While on the
text: OTHER SIDE of THE STORE...
scene_heading: MASTERS AND PEDERSON
text: Stare grimly at...
speaker_heading: THE FRONT ENTRANCE
text: Titanium bicycle chain run through the door handles and
dialog: locked.
scene_heading: BOAT BASIN - SAME TIME
text: Teddy waiting just off the rutted path. SEES McCall’s signal
text: has stopped two hundred yards away. Not moving.
dialog: Dials...
scene_heading: MCCALL - DEEP IN THE STORE
text: Picks up after the first VIBRATION.
speaker_heading: TEDDY (OS)
dialog: Second thoughts?
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: Just taking care of a few things.
dialog: Be right with you.
speaker_heading: LASER DOTS
text: Dance across SHELVING AND MATERIALS. Stepping from the
dialog: SHADOWS come...
scene_heading: RUSSIANS 3, 8 AND 9
text: Shoulder to shoulder. Fingers on triggers. Precision
dialog: movements.
dialog: 89.
scene_heading: A GLIMPSE OF MCCALL
text: Moving quickly across the aisle.
speaker_heading: THE RUSSIANS
text: Fire their weapons. Shredding everything in its path. When
dialog: it settles... No McCall.
speaker_heading: HOLDING AREA
text: ECHOING GUNSHOTS shatter the SILENCE. Too much for Buddy.
text: Feeling like a trapped animal so he unlocks the Cage, steps
text: out and re-locks it. WHISPERS into his RADIO...
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Where the fuck are you guys?
speaker_heading: MCCALL
text: Like a shadow. Moving towards the final area of the store.
text: Oddly calm. Breathing measured. Just the tick... tick...
dialog: tick of his watch...
scene_heading: MASTERS AND PEDERSON
text: In the LUMBER SECTION. Anxious and on edge. Masters clicks
text: on his RADIO.
speaker_heading: MASTERS
dialog: Stay with the Hostages.
scene_heading: MCCALL - SOMEWHERE
text: Pulls BOXES OF ROOFING NAILS AND BRADS off the shelves as he
dialog: walks...
scene_heading: RUSSIANS 3, 8 AND 9
text: In the PLUMBING SECTION. Every SOUND amplified. 3 hand
text: signals he’s splitting off...
dialog: 90.
scene_heading: MCCALL’S HANDS - SOMEWHERE ELSE
text: Grabbing a GARAGE DOOR REMOTE PACKAGE from a rack of them.
speaker_heading: AN X-ACTO KNIFE
text: Slices open an bag a FERTILIZER. Then ANOTHER...
speaker_heading: RUSSIANS 8 AND 9
text: Move down the BATHROOM FIXTURE SECTION. Turning the corner
dialog: and...
text: SEEING McCall DIRECTLY IN FRONT OF THEM!
text: EMPTYING THEIR WEAPONS INTO HIS BODY...
text: ONLY TO SEE MCCALL'S IMAGE SHATTER INTO PIECES as the
text: MIRRORED GLASS EXPLODES INTO FRAGMENTS...
dialog: Understanding too late that...
text: He's behind them.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
text: Running the 6” Drywall Saw through 9’s third and fourth ribs.
text: 8 getting his weapon halfway up when he looks down and SEES
text: the Chisel protruding from his chest as he loses feeling in
dialog: his extremities...
speaker_heading: RUSSIAN 3
text: Alone. Shuddering in fear three aisles over. Gets to the
text: end of PATIO FURNITURE AISLE. White knuckling his weapon.
text: About to peek around the corner.
text: Never feeling the extension cord until it's around his neck.
text: Body jerking like a marionette until... it isn’t.
text: McCall gently drops the body onto the floor.
scene_heading: MASTERS, PEDERSON AND BUDDY
text: Coming together from different areas. Converging at the rear
dialog: of the store.
dialog: gl.
text: Wound tight. No longer smug. Eyes darting all over the
dialog: place.
scene_heading: HOME DEPOT - HIGH ANGLE
text: NINE BODIES strewn about in VARIOUS SECTIONS. The last three
text: men standing in the shadows. Knowing McCall could be
dialog: anywhere...
text: About to head back into the middle of the store when...
speaker_heading: MASTERS
text: SEES the shadow slip into the far rear section of the place.
text: Motions to the others...
speaker_heading: GARDEN AREA
text: Like a GIANT GREENHOUSE. A large area filled with PLANTS
text: AND TREES and GARDENING EQUIPMENT.
scene_heading: MASTERS, PEDERSON AND BUDDY
text: Stand at the ONLY ENTRANCE to the area. Hearts beating hard
text: and fast. Knowing McCall is here.
text: Using hand signals MASTERS points Pederson and Buddy down
text: separate aisles.
scene_heading: THE MEN MOVE SLOW
text: Every step painful. Bile and dread inching up their throats.
dialog: Finally reaching the...
scene_heading: CENTRAL GARDEN AREA
text: FOUNTAINS, BIRDBATHS and WIND CHIMES. Against the back wall
text: ALL kinds of PLANTING SUPPLIES.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
text: Against the back wall in the shadows. Just the whites of his
text: eyes visible. Standing amongst the garden TOOLS and a row of
scene_heading: STEEL WHEELBARROWS.
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: MASTERS
text: HEARS that TICKING SOUND. FIRES a SHOT blindly into the
dialog: shadows.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
text: Waits. Like a cobra. All three Men stepping into range.
text: CAMERA pans down McCall’s body to his hand. Garage Door
text: remote in it. Finger over the clicker.
scene_heading: MASTERS, PEDERSON AND BUDDY
text: Taking three steps closer. Then they HEAR it. Eyes falling
text: on the wheelbarrow as it lowers over the kneeling body of
dialog: McCall.
text: Exchange confused looks.
text: And at the exact same time realizing they're surrounded by
text: LUMPY bags of FERTILIZER. EMPTY BOXES OF NAILS scattered
text: across the floor.
speaker_heading: MCCALL'S FINGER
text: Pushes the Clicker on the Remote as...
scene_heading: MASTERS, PEDERSON AND BUDDY
dialog: Have just enough time to exchange one stupid look before...
dialog: BLAMMMMMM! !!!
text: FERTILIZER BAGS EXPLODING. Nails SCREAM through the air at
text: the speed of sound. High pitched WHINES as the projectiles
dialog: literally nail...
scene_heading: MASTERS, PEDERSON AND BUDDY
text: Faces and bodies riddled with the nails. Muscles, tendons
text: and bone cut to pieces. Organs punctured and shredded.
dialog: 93.
text: INSIDE THE WHEELBARROW
text: Nails THUNK and PIERCE the steel like quills. Stopping
text: inches from McCall's body.
speaker_heading: MASTERS
text: Barely alive. Bleeding from places he didn’t know could
text: bleed. Stumbling to his feet. SEEING his dead Partners.
speaker_heading: SO HE RUNS
text: Knees pumping like out-of-sync pistons. RACING towards the
text: BACK OF THE STORE.
speaker_heading: HOLDING AREA
text: Everyone in the cage frozen in fear. Except Ralphie. He’s
text: furiously working on his tie wraps.
text: Almost gets them loose enough when Masters gun barrel slips
text: through the fence and touches his forehead. Bloody face
text: appearing against the chain link...
scene_heading: HOME DEPOT - FRONT OF THE STORE
text: Everything bathed in murky darkness. Nothing moves. The
text: unearthly silent is shattered by...
speaker_heading: MASTERS (OS)
text: MCCAAAAAAAAAAALLLLL!
text: The animalistic cry ECHOES throughout the cavernous store.
text: Then Ralphie appears out of the shadows.
text: BARREL OF MASTERS REVOLVER DUCT-TAPED TO HIS TEMPLE...
text: Masters PRESSED UP against Ralphie’s back. DUCT TAPE WEAVING
text: ITS WAY AROUND HIS GUN HAND. COVERING HIS FINGER ON THE
speaker_heading: TRIGGER.
text: The only thing visible is the COCKED HAMMER...
speaker_heading: MASTERS (CONT’D)
text: HEY! I FLINCH, TRIP, I FUCKING
text: HICCUP HE’S DEAD! UNDERSTAND???
dialog: 94.
text: Ralphie’s eyes squeezed tight. Barely holding it together.
text: In his trembling hand is a bolt cutter. Price tag still
dialog: attached.
speaker_heading: MASTERS (CONT’D)
text: I'M WALKING OUT OF HERE NOW!
speaker_heading: MCCALL
text: Somewhere in the darkness. Eyes studying the impossible.
text: Baretta M9. 4 pounds of pull making it a hair trigger for
text: all intent and purpose. Duct tape masking the exact position
dialog: of the trigger finger...
text: Reaches down and grabs the long barrel M16-A out of Russian
text: 4's dead hand. Flips on the LASER SCOPE. Takes a breath...
text: And steps back into the darkness...
scene_heading: MASTERS AND RALPHIE
text: At the FRONT ENTRANCE. Bicycle Chain the only thing between
dialog: Masters and freedom.
speaker_heading: MASTERS
dialog: Cut it.
text: Ralphie’s sweat covered hands fumble with the cutters.
text: Masters pressing the barrel harder into the kid’s temple.
text: Ralphie manages to cut one length of the chain. Places the
text: teeth of the cutters over the last piece.
text: Masters eyes DART INTO THE DARKNESS OF THE STORE. No McCall.
text: Eerie and way too quiet. Then SEES the FAINT GLOW of RED
text: coming from the far aisle...
text: Looks down...
text: LASER DOT ACROSS THE DUCT TAPE where is hand would be...
text: Masters JERKS RALPHIE around! SPINNING HIM SO THE DOT IS ON
text: HIS CHEST...
speaker_heading: MASTERS (CONT’D)
dialog: YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME?
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: MCCALL'S MOUTH
text: Right next to Masters ear.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: It look like I'm kidding?
scene_heading: HARD CUT - THE M-16
text: Propped up on a shelf all by itself at the end of the aisle.
scene_heading: MCCALL AND MASTERS
text: Masters’ eyes GO WIDE as McCall’s arm snaps around his neck.
text: Masters squeezing the trigger...
dialog: But nothing happens.
text: Masters’ confused. Looks down and SEES THE CARPET KNIFE
text: JAMMED INTO THE HOLLOW OF HIS TRICEP.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
text: Brachial tendon’s severed, Slick.
dialog: You got nothing from the shoulder
dialog: down...
text: Box Cutter slices the barrel from Ralphie’s head. Ralphie
text: falling to his knees. McCall twisting the dead arm towards
text: Masters chest.
speaker_heading: MCCALL (CONT'D)
dialog: So let me help you.
text: McCall touches Master’s finger. The Gun FIRES a single
text: MUFFLED SHOT into Master’s heart.
scene_heading: HOME DEPOT -WIDER
text: Masters dead before he hits the floor. McCall reaches down
text: and takes the keys from his belt. Walks over to Ralphie.
text: Helps him to his feet.
text: Shock and awe plastered all over Ralphie’s face. Staring at
text: McCall like he was some apparition. McCall drops the keys to
text: the Cage and a pair of pliers into Ralphie’s hand.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: You should go let them out.
dialog: 96.
text: Ralphie nods.
speaker_heading: MCCALL (CONT'D)
dialog: I don’t know if you heard. I’m
dialog: away on a family matter. I’11 be
dialog: back Monday.
text: A LONG beat. Then Ralphie smiles.
scene_heading: INT. TEDDY’S CAR - BOAT BASIN
text: Teddy getting in. Tossing the Shotgun into the back seat
text: when his Cell RINGS. UNKNOWN NUMBER appears on the screen.
dialog: Answers and HEARS...
speaker_heading: MCCALL (OS)
dialog: Run.
scene_heading: EXT. CREDIT SUISSE BANK BUILDING
text: A glass and steel modern structure with spiraled columns
text: designed to support nothing except public awe and reverence.
text: Teddy coming out of the Bank pocketing AN ENVELOPE. Hits the
text: remote. About to climb in when HE SEES...
text: TWO suit-clad MEN on the near corner. Eyes directly on
dialog: Teddy.
text: Now SEES another TWO MEN on the far corner.
text: Looks across the street... FOUR MORE MEN in SUITS. ALL
text: looking at Teddy.
speaker_heading: MILLER (OS)
dialog: Agent Coleman...
text: Teddy spins. TWO DARK BLUE SUITS, matching haircuts and
text: implacable faces behind him. Agency ID’s in their hands.
speaker_heading: WARD
dialog: Special Agent Ward. This is Agent
dialog: Miller. CIA Internal Affairs.
scene_heading: INT. SEDAN - MOVING
text: Miller behind the wheel. Ward shotgun. Teddy behind the
text: chicken wire screen in the back.
dialog: 97.
text: Hands cuffed behind his back.
scene_heading: EXT. BATTERY PARK
text: Tip of Manhattan. Down Battery Place then taking a DETOUR.
text: Crossing Water Street. The sedan jumps down a one lane dirt
text: road that cuts a swath through a path of dense foliage.
scene_heading: INT. SEDAN - BACK SEAT
text: Teddy looking around. SEES the CITY being swallowed up by
dialog: the overgrown TREES...
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: Where the fuck we going?
scene_heading: EXT. THE SEDAN - DAY
text: Road getting smaller, foliage thicker. Rusted out boat
text: trailers litter the shoulder.
text: We're at the abandoned Boat Basin.
scene_heading: INT. THE SEDAN
text: Through the windshield foliage clears and the Harbour comes
speaker_heading: into VIEW.
text: The car bumps along a bit further then stops a few yards
text: above the water line.
text: Miller and Ward exit the vehicle without a word leaving Teddy
dialog: alone.
text: After what seems like an eternity the drivers side door opens
text: and McCall slides in.
text: McCall doesn’t turn around.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: It was your idea to meet here.
text: Now shifts so he can look directly at Teddy.
speaker_heading: MCCALL (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s important you understand
dialog: everything.
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: I understand enough.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: I don’t think you do.
text: A long pause. McCall lowers the back windows a few inches.
speaker_heading: MCCALL (CONT'D)
dialog: The place we choose to inhabit, to
dialog: live our lives, is like it’s own
dialog: ecosystem. Ecosystems only survive
dialog: when there’s balance. Otherwise
dialog: there’s chaos, corruption and
dialog: injustice.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: People like you upset that balance.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: What the fuck are you talking
dialog: about? It was bad guys killing
dialog: worse guys. You don’t think that
dialog: exists every fucking place in the
dialog: world?
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: It does. I’ve seen it. But you’re
dialog: in my world. And that’s...
dialog: unacceptable.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: Wake up you self-righteous prick.
dialog: The whole cake’s been divided down
dialog: to the last crumb. You take what
dialog: you can get when you can get it.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I didn’t design the system. I
dialog: simply learned how to play it and
dialog: win it.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I got seven million dollars in my
dialog: pocket. It’s yours. Take it.
dialog: Dole it out to your ecosystem
text: McCall cracks the front windows. Stares out at the water for
text: a few moments.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: Most people don’t want anything
dialog: except fairness.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: MCCALL (CONT'D)
dialog: More and more they feel they can
dialog: never have it. They see bigger,
dialog: richer, more corrupt, morally
dialog: bankrupt, spiritually vacant people
dialog: get it all. The ones who don’t
dialog: give a shit...
text: Turns the ignition key halfway. Engine light coming on.
text: Turns around and starts going through Teddy's pocket.
speaker_heading: MCCALL (CONT'D)
dialog: You’re a bad guy, Teddy. Worse,
dialog: you're a bad guy who doesn’t give a
dialog: shit. About anyone. Even
dialog: yourself. And that makes you more
dialog: frightening than almost any monster
dialog: out there.
text: McCall finds the check. Sits back and looks at the amount.
text: Whistles. T eddy laughs.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: Lot of money. Don’t be so smug.
dialog: In my ecosystem I’1l do four years
dialog: in some country club prison, get
dialog: out, move to Dubai. Sell my
dialog: knowledge and services to some
dialog: Sheik who likes the idea of having
text: an ex-CIA Agent on his staff. In
dialog: two years, I'll be a millionaire
dialog: all over again.
text: McCall takes the check and sticks it on the rearview mirror.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: Guess you can take it with you.
text: Slips the car into neutral then opens the door.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: Hey!
scene_heading: EXT. BOAT BASIN
text: McCall steps out and closes the door. The car starting to
dialog: roll down the embankment...
speaker_heading: TEDDY
speaker_heading: HEY!
dialog: 100.
text: McCall watches as the car lists down the embankment towards
text: the water. Watches Teddy panic in the back seat, face
text: twisted in impotent fury.
text: Front end of the car hitting the WATER... Teddy pressing his
text: face to the small opening on the window.
speaker_heading: TEDDY (CONT'D)
dialog: What’s this make you?
text: McCall doesn’t bother to answer.
text: The car sinking, hood already submerged. Water rushing
text: through the open windows... Teddy staring through the back
dialog: window.
text: Into McCall’s eyes. McCall doesn’t look away. Resignation
text: washing over Teddy. Both men now calm, dispassionate...
text: Water rising above Teddy’s chest, chin, then his face...
text: Finally the car disappearing under water.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
text: Waits a long moment. Turns and walks up the embankment.
text: Crosses the road where ANOTHER CAR WAITS.
text: Walks over to it and gets in the back...
scene_heading: INT. CAR
text: Susan Plummer sits in the back. Miller and Ward silently up
dialog: front.
text: The two exchange looks. Ward puts the car in gear and drives
dialog: off.
scene_heading: EXT. MCCALL’S APARTMENT BUILDING
text: Car pulling up out front.
scene_heading: INT. CAR
text: Susan glances up at McCall’s apartment building.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: I expected more.
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: It’s enough.
text: Starts to get out. Stops. Turns back to Susan.
speaker_heading: MCCALL (CONT'D)
dialog: He asked me, doing that, what it
dialog: made me...
text: Susan thinks. Then looks at her old friend. Smiles.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Life is a fight. But not
dialog: everyone’s a fighter. That’s where
dialog: you come in, Robert.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You're an equalizer.
text: McCall lets it sink in. Gets out without another word and
text: the car drives away.
scene_heading: INT. HOME DEPOT - MORNING
text: CLEAN UP CREWS still working as EMPLOYEES drift in. Ralphie
text: at his place by the front entrance when McCall and the Young
text: Dudes step through.
text: Looks of surprise at the mess.
speaker_heading: YOUNG DUDE 1
dialog: What the fuck?
speaker_heading: YOUNG DUDE 2
dialog: What is this shit?
speaker_heading: RALPHIE
dialog: You didn’t hear? Some guys broke
dialog: in and took a bunch of us hostage.
dialog: Was a big showdown and a bunch of
dialog: guys got killed. No one’s telling
dialog: us much else. Classified or
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: YOUNG DUDE 2
dialog: Well I ain’t cleanin’ that shit
dialog: up...
text: McCall starts to follow them into the store.
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: RALPHIE
dialog: Mr. McCall?
text: McCall turns. Ralphie holds up the PAIR OF PLIERS with the
text: price tag on it.
speaker_heading: RALPHIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Mind putting these back for me?
text: The look that passes between them is understood instantly by
dialog: both. This is our secret. And will remain so.
text: McCall smiles. Takes the pliers and heads down the aisle.
dialog: Back to work...
scene_heading: EXT. CONEY ISLAND BOARDWALK - NIGHT
text: McCall on his favorite bench. Night air crisp and clean.
text: Like McCall’s soul. There’s a tranquil, untroubled feeling
dialog: to this man now.
text: Watches the United Nations of faces and families with
dialog: different eyes.
text: Smiles at the Spanish woman fingering her rosary as she
text: watches her daughter fly by on the Tilt-a-Whirl.
text: Her small son next to her playing Nintendo that probably cost
dialog: her a months pay.
dialog: People trying. That’s what counts.
text: McCall stands and starts for home. Passes the...
scene_heading: SHOOTING BOOTH
dialog: Where that father and son are back. Trying again. Father
text: handing over his last dollar only to get the same result.
text: Takes his kids hand and about to slink off when...
speaker_heading: MCCALL (OS)
dialog: Give the man a sponge guy already.
text: All three heads turn. McCall standing there, hands in his
dialog: pockets.
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: MCCALL (CONT'D)
dialog: Guy’s been here every Saturday
dialog: night for two months. Paid for the
text: sponge ten times over.
speaker_heading: BARKER
dialog: Who are you? The boardwalk police?
text: Hit all six targets win the sponge
dialog: guy.
dialog: (points to sign)
dialog: Or can’t you read.
dialog: And there’s that look again.
text: McCall steps to the counter and drops a dollar bill into the
text: barker’s sweaty palm.
text: Turns to the father.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
dialog: This one’s on me.
text: Lifts the beat up air rifle... adjusts the aim and...
text: BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! All six targets nailed
text: dead center in milliseconds.
text: Barker stands there slack-jawed as McCall grabs the LARGEST
text: Sponge Bob and hands it to the Father. Kid’s eyes like
dialog: saucers.
text: Places the rifle back onto the Barker.
speaker_heading: MCCALL (CONT'D)
text: Site’s six degrees off to the left.
dialog: I'd fix that if I were you.
text: As he walks off...
speaker_heading: MCCALL (CONT'D)
dialog: And I’1l be back to check.
scene_heading: INT. MCCALL’S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: McCall at the Kitchen Table. Laptop open. Typing something.
text: WE HEAR MUSIC drift over the scene. Faint at first. Like it
text: was coming through the open window.
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: ON SCREEN
text: A CRAIGSLIST PAGE. Under the SERVICES subheading. McCall’s
text: fingers writing a POST.
text: A VOICE now SINGING with the MUSIC. A haunting SONG grows
text: LOUDER as WE SEE McCall’s words BEATING OUT ACROSS THE PAGE:
dialog: GOT A PROBLEM?
dialog: ODDS AGAINST YOU?
speaker_heading: WRITE TO:
speaker_heading: THE EQUALIZER
speaker_heading: MCCALL
text: Stares at the screen. This is who he is now. At peace with
dialog: that.
text: SONG getting LOUDER. And as his finger presses SEND WE...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: A SMALL DIVE BAR
text: Somewhere in Hell’s Kitchen. Dingy and dark and half full.
text: That SONG filling the ROOM.
text: On stage a PIANO PLAYER.
dialog: And Teri.
text: Singing the last notes with all her being. Heartbreakingly
dialog: magicical...
text: The APPLAUSE more enthusiastic than expected.
text: The LOUDEST is McCall. Against the back wall.
speaker_heading: TERI
text: Walks off the stage and into the arms of a NICE LOOKING GUY.
text: The look on his face tells us everything we need to know
dialog: about her life now.
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: MCCALL
text: Eyes bright with pride. Drops a twenty on the table and
text: heads for the exit...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. DINER - EARLY EVENING
text: Maybe it’s the same diner fixed up. Maybe it’s a different
dialog: one. Doesn’t matter. Because what’s the same is...
speaker_heading: MCCALL
text: At a back table. Cup of tea. Book 94 open. “The Invisible
dialog: Man” by Ralph Ellison.
text: And WE HOLD on this IMAGE for a few beats. Because it feels
dialog: right and... just.
text: WE HEAR the faint DING of McCall’s CELL. Fishes it out and
text: reads the email.
speaker_heading: VOICE (OS)
dialog: I saw your ad and I am taking a
dialog: chance you are real. I am
dialog: desperate.
text: SQUEALING TIRES OF A 757 HITTING THE RUNWAY...
speaker_heading: VOICE (OS)
dialog: My family is in danger. The police
dialog: cannot help.
scene_heading: INT. INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT TERMINAL
text: DOORS to CUSTOMS sliding open as McCall walks through them
text: shouldering his bag
text: Sign above the doors says: WELCOME TO BRUSSELS
scene_heading: EXT. BRUSSEL’S AIRPORT
text: McCall coming out and walking to the curb. Hails a taxi.
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: VOICE (OS)
dialog: I know I am far away but I have no
dialog: hope and nowhere else to turn. Can
dialog: you help?
text: As the TAXI pulls curb side McCall slips a pair of
text: SUNGLASSES on and WE GO TO...
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: 
