dialog: "The Shipping News", unproduced draft, by Ron Bass
scene_heading: THE SHIPPING NEWS
dialog: Ron Bass
dialog: Third Draft Rewrite
dialog: February 23, 1999
dialog: Previous Drafts By:
dialog: Laura Jones
dialog: Beth Henley
scene_heading: INT. LAUNDROMAT, MOCKINGBURG, NEW YORK - NIGHT
text: Glaring fluorescence, trash overflowing with cheap detergent boxes,
text: empty Coke machine flashing all lights orange. Only two dryers are
text: humming. It's very late. Keep PANNING to...
text: ...a wiry, gimlet-eyed WOMAN, furtively removing crumpled
text: newspapers from a dryer. She flattens and folds them meticulously,
text: her glance darting angrily everywhere. Top secret mission.
text: ...a natty little black man. PARTRIDGE has spread a late supper on
text: a neat cloth atop a dryer. Small cold fowl. Brie, baguette,
text: olives. Bottle of red. An air of competence, of indomitable
text: upbeatness. He ignores the spy-dressed-as-bag-lady as if she were
dialog: normal. More curious about...
text: ...a hulking, rumpled figure scrutinizing Help Wanted ads as if
text: cramming for life's midterm exam. Thoughtful. Circles one,
text: slowly. Set out on QUOYLE's dryer are one Snickers bar and four
text: empty snickers wrappers. His version of cold supper. He reaches
dialog: for the candy, but seeing it's the last one, he...
text: ...rises. Goes to the candy machine. Drops in his 65 cents, hits
text: the button. The Snickers starts to fall, but gets caught in the
text: mechanism at the last moment. Quoyle blinks dully. One more
text: retelling of the story of his life. He BANGS the machine half-
text: heartedly. Nope. Shakes it with his shambling strength. Nada.
text: POUNDS the coin return button. Hat trick. He empties his pocket.
text: Studies the results. Not enough. And without so much as a sigh...
text: ...he ambles back to his dryer. Starts to unwrap the last
text: Snickers. Partridge taking this all in. But Mata Hari of the
text: Neat Newspapers goes to the candy machine, KICKS it violently. Out
text: fall the Snickers and the 65 cents. She scoops up both, turns in a
dialog: single motion to...
text: ...GLARE death at the enemy. Quoyle opens his mouth to comment.
text: But. Doesn't. Resumes unwrapping his supper, as...
text: ...his dryer STOPS. He pops it open. Stares in. Blinks.
text: Suddenly YANKS a tangle of graying shirts out onto the grimy floor
dialog: to reveal they have been...
text: ...STAINED streaky BLUE by a cheap pen, quietly melting amid the
text: pile. This slips beneath even Quoyle's expectation level. The
text: big, soft face is pitifully, yes, even adorably, devastated.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (a murmur)
text: Ruined.
text: And to the bystander. This seems a comment on more than shirts.
speaker_heading: PARTRIDGE (softly)
dialog: Nah. Rub the ink with hot salt and
dialog: talcum powder.
text: Quoyle's head WHIPS around. As if he thought he was alone.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (V.O.)
dialog: If you're shocked when someone aims
dialog: kindness your way. That oughta tell
dialog: you somethin' about yourself.
text: Watches the little guy's undemanding smile.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (V.O., just staring)
dialog: Then again. If you're that kinda
dialog: guy. It don't.
speaker_heading: PARTRIDGE
dialog: And put a cuppa bleach in, next
dialog: time through.
text: As Quoyle gazes at his benefactor, the woman sneaks up, SNATCHES
text: his Help Wanted ads. Races them over to her dryer. As the boys
text: watch, she shoves them in, starts the machine with Quoyle's coins,
text: and glares fiercely back at us. A mother bear protecting her cubs.
text: Partridge chuckles. Holds out his hand...
speaker_heading: PARTRIDGE
dialog: Partridge.
text: Quoyle glances at the little man's cold fowl supper.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Uh. No thanks.
speaker_heading: PARTRIDGE
dialog: It's my name.
dialog: Oh.
scene_heading: INT. MOCKINGBURG RECORD CITY ROOM - DAY
text: Shabby one-floor newspaper. Old equipment, listless personnel,
dialog: stale you can smell from here. Only guy working is Partridge, who
text: is laying out the front page, and glances up to see across the
dialog: floor...
text: ...Quoyle enter in his best suit. It is also his worst suit.
text: Partridge points to the only enclosed office, and gives his buddy a
text: hearty thumbs-up. Quoyle nods, his smile a rictus, his eyes a
text: glaze of panic. We see now that he is chewing, somehow. On the
text: way into the office, he snags a doughnut from a paper plate by the
text: coffee. Enters...
scene_heading: INT. ED PUNCH'S OFFICE - DAY
text: ...ED PUNCH, managing editor, looks up from a reverie with a
text: startled expression. He wears really thick glasses which MAGNIFY
text: his eyes, giving him a frightening aspect.
speaker_heading: PUNCH
dialog: Quoyle? You're early.
text: From the rear, we see Quoyle can barely squeeze himself into the
dialog: chair.
speaker_heading: PUNCH
dialog: I don't like that.
text: All the change SPILLS out of Quoyle's pockets, and CLATTERS onto
text: the wood floor, ROLLING interminably, as Quoyle fidgets.
speaker_heading: PUNCH
dialog: Partridge says you're not as
dialog: dumb as you look.
text: REVERSE ANGLE now to see Quoyle's face. The neat moustache of
dialog: powdered sugar.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (V.O.)
dialog: How could I be?
text: And takes a healthy bite from what's left of the doughnut.
speaker_heading: PUNCH
dialog: Anyway, that's why I'm takin' a chance
dialog: on you. Partridge said he'd re-write
dialog: whatever of your stuff. Stay late...
text: Quoyle nods, dumbly. Knows this.
speaker_heading: PUNCH
dialog: We're a family paper. Upbeat
text: stories with a community slant.
dialog: Self-help stuff: Are You a Break-
dialog: fast Alcoholic?...Guide to Getting
dialog: Dumped...like that.
text: Quoyle nods bigger. Like he gets it. Punch shoves an antique tape
text: recorder across the table.
speaker_heading: PUNCH
dialog: City Planning Board meeting at two-
text: thirty. Three hunnerd words max.
dialog: Sink or swim.
text: HOLD on Quoyle's eyes. Recalling...
scene_heading: FLASHBACK: EXT. PUBLIC POOL - DAY
text: ...Quoyle as a fat kid in a baggy bathing suit, being savagely
text: pummeled by his vicious OLDER BROTHER...
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (V.O.)
dialog: I think my brother said that once.
speaker_heading: BROTHER
text: LARDASS! SNOTFACE! FARTBAG!
text: Being pulled off the sniveling Quoyle by a rough hairy man with
text: dead eyes.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (V.O.)
dialog: Maybe it was my father.
text: Quoyle's FATHER hauls him off the deck, and in a single motion,
text: FLINGS him INTO the pool!
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Sink or swim, pig-butt.
text: Watches the THRASHING with mild contempt. Turns away before Quoyle
text: simply SINKS beneath the surface.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (V.O.)
dialog: I'm not a water person.
scene_heading: INT. CITY ROOM - LATE NIGHT
text: The empty room a haven of dust motes floating in sickly fluor-
text: escence. Quoyle sits across the desk, gazing with endearing
text: fearfulness as Partridge turns page after page...
speaker_heading: PARTRIDGE
dialog: See, three hunnerd words would be,
dialog: like, one page. This is...oh,
dialog: fifteen, sixteen.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: So we should cut it.
text: Partridge does glance up on that.
speaker_heading: PARTRIDGE
dialog: Gonna have to.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Or you could tie me in a sack, throw
dialog: me in the river. Tell the police you
text: thought it was oddly-wrapped lard.
speaker_heading: PARTRIDGE
dialog: Might be quicker.
text: Nobody smiles. Nobody has to. Quoyle pulls a big glass jar from a
text: paper sack. Sets it on the desk.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Does your wife like special pickles?
dialog: They're fine with cold cuts.
text: Partridge looks at the cornichons. They look expensive.
speaker_heading: PARTRIDGE
dialog: Come by for supper, tomorrow. We'll
dialog: find out.
dialog: DISSOLVE to...
scene_heading: EXT. PARTRIDGE'S BACK YARD - DAY
text: Sausages on the BBQ, interesting colors and sizes. A huge hand
text: delicately places cut-up pieces of quail on the grill. It is
text: Quoyle, trusted, paying attention. MERCALIA, a slim black woman
text: with fiery eyes and an enticing smile, hands him a glass of white
dialog: wine, and...
text: ...goes to slip her arm around Partridge. He watches Quoyle's
text: concentration approvingly. Shares a smile with his sexy wife. And
text: raps a knife on his glass. Announcement.
text: Quoyle looks up with innocent eyes. Which makes Partridge
dialog: hesitate.
speaker_heading: PARTRIDGE
dialog: We. Got you this.
text: Mercalia takes out the package. Wrapped in tissue, a neat ribbon.
text: She hands it to Quoyle, and leans up to kiss his cheek. Quoyle
text: looks down at it, dumbfounded. A silence.
speaker_heading: MERCALIA
dialog: It's...an anniversary present.
dialog: Anniversary of our friendship.
text: Quoyle smiles. Sweet and slightly confused.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Seven and a half month anniversary?
text: He starts to unwrap...
speaker_heading: PARTRIDGE
dialog: Well. Why wait?
text: ...a wristwatch. A nice one. He is overwhelmed, but still
text: uncomprehending.
speaker_heading: MERCALIA
dialog: It's because we're happy. About
dialog: something.
text: And steals a glance at her husband.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (BIG grin)
dialog: You're havin' a baby!
text: That stops Partridge's face. No more stalling...
speaker_heading: PARTRIDGE
dialog: Mercalia and me are movin'.
dialog: To California. Friday night.
text: Quoyle so pole-axed he can't even lose the smile. It just turns
text: stupid and transparent. His friend swallows.
speaker_heading: PARTRIDGE
dialog: You know she's been learnin' to
dialog: drive a rig. She got the Oakland
dialog: to New Orleans run. I'm gonna
dialog: make her smoked duck sandwiches for
dialog: the road. I can edit copy anywhere.
text: Quoyle nodding slowly, smile still there. Yep. I guess y'can.
text: Partridge sees that it's a death blow. Mercalia looks at her feet.
speaker_heading: PARTRIDGE
dialog: Love's all that counts. It's the
dialog: engine of life.
text: As if parting advice. As if Quoyle should file that away. So
text: Quoyle nods some more. As if he will.
speaker_heading: PARTRIDGE
dialog: We'll just. Stay in touch.
text: On this, Quoyle's smile deserts him. So Partridge reaches out his
text: hand. Quoyle paralyzed, then takes it. CLOSE ON their handclasp,
dialog: and DISSOLVE to...
scene_heading: INT. DOUBLETREE MEETING ROOM - EVENING
text: ...a slender feminine hand. Buried in Quoyle's.
speaker_heading: PETAL (O.S.)
dialog: Petal Bear, Mr. Quoyle.
text: PAN up to see her. Tiny, twitchy, moist ringlets. A gray-eyed
text: predator. She looks around at the milling suits and their name
text: tags. As if they were alternatives.
speaker_heading: PETAL
dialog: Do you hate this shit, or what?
text: Quoyle transfixed by her slight form in its loose but clingy
text: wrapping. The smile that sees him again and flickers...
speaker_heading: PETAL
dialog: What do you think? You want to
dialog: marry me, don't you?
text: Don't you? No answer. She laughs, as if at some off-color
text: response. Runs hot fingers up his arm, leaning to his face...
speaker_heading: PETAL
dialog: Buy me a drink somewhere, it's
dialog: seven-thirty. I think I'm going
dialog: to fuck you by ten. What do you
dialog: think of that?
text: Quoyle. Blinks. She laughs again. Bright, like whiskey music.
speaker_heading: PETAL
dialog: You are quite. The raconteur.
scene_heading: INT. QUOYLE'S TRAILER - LATE NIGHT
text: Petal naked in near-darkness, moves with authority toward the
text: massive lumpy creature nearly overflowing his bed. Draws the
text: covers back.
text: Stares.
speaker_heading: PETAL
dialog: Christ. I won the lottery.
text: Climbs on, the lithe move of a leopardess. Feeding time.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (V.O.)
dialog: It was pretty much like that for
dialog: a month.
text: Petal RIDING in silhouette, with great, violent swoops. CLOSE on
text: his face, his eyes. Lovelight.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (V.O.)
dialog: Somewhere in there. We got married.
scene_heading: INT. BAR - NIGHT
text: Horrible place. Smoke and bodies. Quoyle alone, carrying his
text: sloshing beer, apologies unheard, toward...
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (V.O.)
dialog: After that, I had to follow her to
dialog: see her.
text: ...the back of Petal, talking to a big guy in a shiny suit.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (V.O.)
dialog: Which I know was wrong of me.
text: Closer. Close enough to hear...
speaker_heading: PETAL
dialog: What do you think? You want to
dialog: marry me, don't you?
text: HOLD on Quoyle's face. The lovelight has never left. It shines
text: through the shock. As if in apology...
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (V.O.)
dialog: She didn't know she was pregnant.
dialog: DISSOLVE to...
scene_heading: INT. PARLOR - DAY
text: One-year-old BUNNY is SCREAMING in a rickety crib festooned with
text: mobiles and bright toys. HEAR Quoyle POUNDING in. He reaches to
dialog: lift her...
text: ...WAY UP, starts running around the faded little parlor making
text: cheerful airplane noises, as he DIVES and SWOOPS the shrieking kid,
dialog: until he...
text: ...stops. Sniffs. Oh. Gives her a kiss, which doesn't put a dent
text: in the screaming, and flops her down on the diaper table. She is
text: screaming LOUDER. He is fumbling with the diaper, the Baby Wipes,
dialog: getting a wad of ten or so at once. When...
text: ...the phone rings. He runs off. Runs back, lifts Bunny, diaper
text: dangling from the tape stuck to her skin, and SNATCHES up the
text: phone, hoping with everything in him that it's...
speaker_heading: PETAL (O.S.)
dialog: Hey. How do you make an Alabama
dialog: Slammer?
text: He takes a breath. Can hear the noise of a rowdy spot. Country
text: juke box.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Uh. Where are y...
speaker_heading: PETAL (O.S.)
dialog: Alabama. Hence, the question.
text: Bunny. Has stopped screaming.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Come home. I'll make you one.
speaker_heading: PETAL (O.S.)
dialog: That's a swell idea. Now go look on
dialog: top of the fridge, where I keep the
dialog: Mr. Boston. I'll wait.
text: What should he do? He sets Bunny carefully on the floor. She
text: starts screaming again, and he LIFTS her quick, cuddles her. LOPES
text: off, leaving the phone on the floor...
text: ...RACES back in with the Mr. Boston, a bag of pork rinds, and
text: a pacifier. Something for everyone. As he flips the pages, he
text: murmurs into the phone...
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: You okay? Except for being thirsty?
text: She laughs, almost friendly. He smiles. Ever hopeful.
speaker_heading: PETAL (O.S.)
dialog: I'm busy, I'll see y...
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (reads)
dialog: Ounce Southern Comfort, ounce Sloe
dialog: Gin. Ounce Triple Sec. Three ounces
dialog: o.j....
speaker_heading: PETAL (O.S.)
dialog: Got it.
text: CLICK. The BUZZ of her disconnect. He glances down at Bunny,
text: working the pacifier. Murmurs to the receiver...
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Me too. I'll tell Bunny you miss her.
text: Hang up the phone. Kiss a baby. Eat a pork rind. Slow. As he
text: gazes down on Bunny, we PUSH INTO her face, and MATCH DISSOLVE
dialog: to...
scene_heading: INT. BUNNY'S ROOM - NIGHT, FIVE YEARS LATER
text: ...an ECU of Bunny, now six years old, asleep in the flickering
text: blue light of a nearly-mute TV. Apparently she was watching
text: Sportscenter. PAN the darkened shoebox room. Toys everywhere, in
text: a clutter. A pile of used Barbies, limbs jutting in all
text: directions, waiting for a mass grave. BACK to Bunny, to see...
text: ...she sleeps in her father's lap. His chin resting on her head,
text: an industrial-size bag of cookies handy. Somewhere, a door OPENS..
text: ...SLAMS HARD. Quoyle gently lays Bunny on her bed, and lurches
text: INTO the hall, to see Petal disappearing into her bedroom, and he
text: hurries to stop the door before it slams in his face.
text: When she turns, she is wasted, feral, and somehow as sexy as ever.
dialog: Her laser glare. What the fuck do you want?
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: There's. Cold chicken.
text: Really? She tears off her jacket, revealing that she has left her
text: shirt somewhere and is down to her bra. She stalks toward him.
text: Straight to the doorway. He flinches.
speaker_heading: PETAL
dialog: Find yourself. A girlfriend.
dialog: With what you got down there,
dialog: you'll do fine.
text: Quoyle swallows. Shakes his head.
speaker_heading: PETAL
dialog: Only thing can work, here. Is
dialog: divorce.
text: No. No. Tears of shock pool in his eyes.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (V.O.)
dialog: I knew we had our problems. But
dialog: I never thought I'd hear that word.
text: She shivers with disgust. Walks around in a frustrated circle.
dialog: Back to his face. Are you sure? What does a girl have to do? And
dialog: now...
text: ...the tears are on his face. She flashes her hardest look. And
dialog: yet...
text: ...her slender fingers reach out. Wipe his face, not as roughly as
dialog: she might have intended.
speaker_heading: PETAL
dialog: Your funeral, pussy.
text: And CLOSES the door, quietly, but firmly. In his face.
text: He stares at it. His lips part. But no sound comes. Instead, he
text: walks the few steps to Bunny's room, to find her...
text: ...wide awake. Sitting on the edge of her bed. No question, she
dialog: heard it all.
text: So Quoyle smiles. He reaches to the top of her battered armoire.
text: His eyes damp but dancing for his daughter. Pulls down...
text: ...a box of chocolates. Their stash. He sits on the floor. Opens
text: the lid, like buried treasure.
text: She comes to cuddle in his lap. He feeds her one. She feeds him
text: one. They've done this before. As they chew...
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (V.O.)
dialog: I knew if I could take it. In the
dialog: end. It would all work out.
scene_heading: INT. CITY ROOM - MIDDAY
text: Everyone trooping back from lunch, twos and threes. Quoyle last,
text: alone, still stuffing down a snack cake as he heads for the coffee
text: pot. There's one answering machine for everybody here, glowing a
text: red number 2. Someone hits it, and everybody shuts up a beat, to
dialog: see if they got lucky.
speaker_heading: MALE VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Lila, it's Daniel. Ten-thirty.
dialog: Bring the. You know.
text: LILA doesn't even bother to blush. A shrug is plenty.
speaker_heading: FATHER (O.S.)
dialog: Quoyle, this is your father. Calling
dialog: you. Dicky's machine is full. Your
dialog: home one's broke. Well. It's time
dialog: for your mother and I to go.
dialog: Quoyle listening. Go?
speaker_heading: FATHER (O.S.)
dialog: Instructions about the undertaker.
text: The cremation. On the dining room
dialog: table.
text: Oh. Go. Eyes are sneaking over now. Lots of them.
speaker_heading: FATHER (O.S.)
dialog: You'll have to make your own way.
dialog: I did. Nobody gave me nuthin'.
dialog: Other men woulda give up, turned to
text: bums. I sweated, wheeled barrows of
dialog: sand, went without so you and yer
dialog: brother could have advantages. Not
dialog: that you did much with your chances.
text: Everybody just openly staring now. Quoyle's snack cake and coffee
text: frozen in mid-air.
speaker_heading: FATHER (O.S.)
dialog: Hasn't been much of a life. Tell
dialog: Dicky and my sister Agnis Hamm.
dialog: Her number's on the dining room ta...
speaker_heading: BEEP!
speaker_heading: MACHINE (O.S.)
dialog: That was your final message.
text: Quoyle nods. Sounded that way. Despite the hateful coarseness of
text: this message, Quoyle is deeply moved. Lips pursed inward to stem
text: tears. In the silence...
speaker_heading: FAT GUY (trying)
dialog: Were they sick, or something?
text: Quoyle stares into distance. Somewhere, feet shuffle.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Brain tumor and liver cancer.
dialog: (afterthought)
dialog: One apiece.
speaker_heading: FAT GAL (sad for him)
dialog: That's rough.
text: He nods, it is that. Wanders on over to his desk. They're still
text: watching, but he doesn't seem to notice. Turns his ratty Rolodex
text: with solemn slowness. Not to dishonor the moment. Finds the
text: number, dials. Winces at the harshness of the voice he hears.
dialog: Then...
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Dicky. It's Mom and Poppa. They.
text: He can't say any more. Turns out, he doesn't need to.
speaker_heading: BROTHER (O.S., snorts)
dialog: Jeez, they did it? I never
dialog: thought he'd find the fucking guts.
text: Quoyle licks his lips. His eyes puddling now.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: So. For the funeral, I thou...
speaker_heading: BROTHER (O.S.)
dialog: You think I'd go pay that prick
dialog: respects? You got me confused
dialog: with you!
text: Quoyle shakes his head once. That confused he isn't.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (quietly)
dialog: Well. Mom'll be there, too.
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: BROTHER (O.S.)
dialog: Hey, Barfbag. They leave us
dialog: anything, y'think?
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Don't see how. Big mortgage.
dialog: Spent their savings on the doctors.
dialog: I hadda send some grocery mon...
speaker_heading: BROTHER (O.S.)
dialog: Well, see, that's why he did it.
dialog: I mean, think how it felt. Taking
dialog: from you.
text: LONG ANGLE...they are watching him replace the receiver in its
text: cradle. Think. Stumble slightly, as he makes his way toward...
scene_heading: INT. PUNCH'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Punch looks up, startled at Quoyle's entrance. His oversized
text: glasses seem to magnify his eyes more than ever.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Sorry, Ed. I gotta drive down to my
dialog: parents' place. I'll be back, Friday.
text: A full beat.
speaker_heading: PUNCH
dialog: Take yer time. I gotta let you go.
text: Quoyle's eyes sharpen.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: In what sense do you m...
speaker_heading: PUNCH
dialog: As in canned.
text: Oh. Once again, life slips beneath even Quoyle's expectations.
text: QUOYLE (a little dazed)
dialog: Uh. Would next week be better?
speaker_heading: PUNCH (sighs)
dialog: I got the summer interns comin' next
dialog: week. They're free and they're smart.
dialog: Gotta do somethin' to fight this
dialog: slump. But don't worry...
dialog: Don't?
speaker_heading: PUNCH
dialog: Yer not the only one.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Eventually.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Should I finish the sawmill piece?
scene_heading: INT. QUOYLE'S HOUSE - DAY
text: Quoyle enters carrying a spray of violets. HEAR Springer turned up
text: loud. He goes to the parlor to find...
text: ...MRS. MOOSUP, the babysitter, smoking and swigging a Pepsi. She
text: is mean-ugly with flesh hanging beneath her arms. She stares at
dialog: him, the flowers.
speaker_heading: MRS. MOOSUP (dry)
dialog: Mr. Quoyle. You shouldn't have.
dialog: QUOYLE (taking her literally)
dialog: They're for Petal, Mrs. Moosup.
dialog: I got something to tell her.
speaker_heading: MRS. MOOSUP
dialog: Well, that may take awhile.
dialog: Uh-oh.
speaker_heading: MRS. MOOSUP
text: She came in at one, packed like
dialog: crazy. Said she was movin' to
text: Florida with the guy in the red Geo.
dialog: You know the one.
dialog: He knows the one.
speaker_heading: MRS. MOOSUP
dialog: She says you gotta pay my wages for
dialog: the sittin'. Seven weeks, comes to
dialog: $3080. 'Preciate a check right n...
text: He is heading toward the hall.
speaker_heading: MRS. MOOSUP
dialog: Don't bother. She took Bunny
dialog: with her.
text: That stops him. Cold. He turns...
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: That's the last thing she'd ev...
speaker_heading: MRS. MOOSUP
dialog: She was real clear about my check.
dialog: It's no fun workin' if you don't
dialog: get paid.
text: He TEARS out, DOWN the hall, INTO Bunny's room...
text: ...closet open. Empty. No more tangled pile of Barbies. He
text: surveys the wreckage of his life.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (V.O.)
dialog: At least she took her toys. Wanted
dialog: her to be happy.
text: He staggers out of the room, down the hall...
speaker_heading: MRS. MOOSUP (O.S.)
dialog: Mr. Quoyle? I ain't got all day, here!
text: ...into the kitchen. Lifts the receiver. Thinks. Dials.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (quietly)
dialog: Yes. I need to report a kidnapping.
text: And straightens his spine. Just a little.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
scene_heading: Quoyle. Q-U-O-Y-L-...no, Y, then
dialog: L-E. Yeh, it's my kid.
text: He's still holding the violets. He notices this. Sets them down,
text: almost tenderly, in the sink.
scene_heading: INT. QUOYLE'S HOUSE - LATE NIGHT
text: Quoyle alone in absolute darkness. Bumping around the house.
text: There's a large bag of something in one hand, maybe M & Ms. But
text: he's not eating. Just murmuring to himself...
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Who knows? Who knows?
scene_heading: INT. QUOYLE'S PARENTS' HOME, BROOKLYN - DAY
text: Quoyle moving in his parents' cluttered parlor like a man
text: underwater. A room as drab, as neglected, as Brooklyn through
text: the window. He stands at a shelf now, staring at a row of framed
dialog: photos. Lifts one...
text: ...a BOY of 15, bundled for winter, stands by a frozen pond.
text: Stocky, sullen, something unpleasant in the narrow eyes. Next
text: to him, not touching, a GIRL, big for 12. Rawboned, husky. Flat
text: gaze, like something's dead or hidden.
text: Quoyle walks to the table. A cardboard box has been filled with
text: mementos. A slip of paper: AGNIS HAMM, a telephone number. The
text: phone is RINGING now. Quoyle staring at the paper. Finally, lifts
text: the phone, breathes an absent greeting, and...
speaker_heading: MALE VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Is this Mr. Guy Quoyle?
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (weary)
dialog: He's not here.
speaker_heading: MALE VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: This is Lt. Amos Figg of the
dialog: Mockingburg, New York Police. Could
dialog: you have him call me when he ret...
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
text: He's passed on. He's dead.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You said Mockingb...
speaker_heading: FIGG (O.S.)
dialog: We're a small town upstate. I'm
text: actually trying to reach his son.
dialog: He allegedly went down to his
dialog: parents' place two days ago.
text: Quoyle blinks. Not in the mood.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Are you a detective, Lieutenant?
speaker_heading: FIGG (O.S.)
dialog: Yes sir.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Well, as you've probably deduced, I
dialog: am his son. Cause I'm at his
dialog: place. As alleged.
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: FIGG (O.S.)
dialog: There's no need for that tone,
dialog: sir. I'm calling with urgent news.
text: And says no more. We can feel Quoyle's heart beating from here.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Which is...?
speaker_heading: FIGG (O.S., hesitant)
dialog: You want the good news? Or
dialog: the bad news.
dialog: Ominous. Would be an understatement.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: The good. Please.
speaker_heading: FIGG (O.S.)
dialog: Your daughter Bunny was sold by
dialog: your wife to a child pornographer.
dialog: For $9000.
text: Quoyle's heart. Has stopped.
speaker_heading: FIGG (O.S.)
dialog: But she's fine. We got her. And
text: the doc says she wasn't touched.
dialog: Yet. If you catch my drift.
text: INTERCUT...a dingy kitchen, scuzzier than we could even have
text: guessed. Bunny in her underpants sliding merrily on a floor made
text: slippery with dish detergent. PAN past the video camera on its
text: tripod to the PORNOGRAPHER at the window, also in his underpants,
text: screaming into a cordless phone. And...
text: BACK to Quoyle. His heart must have started again, because he is
dialog: able to say...
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: That's. The good n...
speaker_heading: FIGG (O.S.)
dialog: Well. Compared.
text: INTERCUT...a riverbank somewhere high above swiftly-flowing water.
text: Police and bystanders gathered. A winch reaching its chain into
dialog: the depths.
speaker_heading: FIGG (O.S.)
dialog: Your wife was in a red Geo which
text: went through a guardrail over the
dialog: Chesapeake Bay Bridge.
text: Here comes part of the Geo. Streaming water and mud.
speaker_heading: FIGG (O.S.)
dialog: They were doin' 97 in a fog. The
dialog: car was cut in half by the impact
text: with the rail. Her male companion's
text: body floated up downstream.
text: BACK to the horrified husband. Waiting in silence.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: And Petal...?
speaker_heading: FIGG (O.S.)
dialog: May never find the body. But she
text: was mercifully killed on impact,
dialog: without a doubt. They found her
text: shoes under the dash and her...
dialog: trousers for some reas...
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: That don't mean for sure she w...
speaker_heading: FIGG (O.S.)
text: ...and her purse. With the nine
dialog: large.
text: Oh. Tears finally force their way through the shock. As he
dialog: realizes...
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (a murmur)
dialog: Yeh. If she was alive. Don't
dialog: guess she'd a left that.
scene_heading: INT. COUNTY SOCIAL SERVICES - DAY
text: Quoyle moving his bulk FAST down a corridor, a uniformed COP almost
text: skipping alongside to keep up, watching Quoyle like a hawk all the
dialog: way to....
text: ...the threadbare common room. Kids playing, arguing, sleeping,
text: staring at an antique TV. Quoyle goes THROUGH them all, cop
text: doggedly in his wake, and sinks to his knees beside...
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: I can't do this.
text: Bunny on the ratty sofa, legs dangling, holding out a vintage
text: Gameboy. She wears clean clothes, freshly-washed hair, and a
text: comfortable smile.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (very soft)
dialog: Me neither.
text: And kisses her, lightly, on the lips.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (softer still)
dialog: Hi.
text: She kisses him back, much harder, on the mouth. The lopsided grin
dialog: of a practicing imp.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: Hi, too. That for me?
text: We hadn't seen them, hidden beside his leg. A bunch of DAISIES.
text: He gives them to her. Like her best beau.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: Where's our candy?
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: In the store. That way, you've
dialog: got the whole selection.
dialog: And then...
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Give us a minute.
text: Bunny doesn't understand.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: I mean him.
text: PULL BACK to the cop, staring down on them from point-blank range.
text: He doesn't move. Quoyle looks up, with an easy smile that says
dialog: he'd just as soon tear all the arms and legs off, and sweat the
text: consequences later. The cop backs well off. He can take a hint.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: Petal went to Florida. She'll be
text: back soon.
text: He looks in her eyes. Shakes his head. No.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: She had an accident.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: So do you.
text: He nods, I do. Tenderly pulls a strand of her hair aside.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: There was a car crash, sweetie.
dialog: And they found...you know, the
text: body. Of her friend.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: Nestor.
text: That's right. His big hand has wrapped around one of hers. She
text: doesn't seem to mind. Their faces so close.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
text: Petal can't come back, she's dead.
dialog: You know dead. Like the turtle.
text: She drills his eyes. Calm as a moose.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: We found the turtle. And they
dialog: found Nestor. Did you find Petal?
text: He shakes his head.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: You never do. But she always
text: comes back.
text: And leans her forehead. To rest against his.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: Don't worry.
scene_heading: INT. QUOYLE'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Quoyle stumbling toward the front door, drawing his robe around
text: him. Squinting through the peephole. OPENING the door, to
dialog: reveal...
speaker_heading: AGNIS
dialog: Nephew, I'm your Aunt. Agnis Hamm.
text: Tall and rawboned and 60. A rugged, maybe even handsome face, set
text: with ice-blue eyes. Calm, slightly scary eyes, that drift to his
dialog: robe...
speaker_heading: AGNIS
dialog: You sick? It's nine o'clock.
text: He is completely off-balance here.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Uh. No, Bunny and I like to...
dialog: uh, early to bed, earl...
speaker_heading: AGNIS
dialog: Losin' your wife, your folks, and
dialog: your job'd depress anybody. It's
dialog: a wonder you don't sleep all day.
text: Not that she seems to approve. Not at all. His eyes now drift to
text: the large, well-used SUITCASES dangling from her powerful hands.
speaker_heading: AGNIS
dialog: Thought I'd stay a day or two.
dialog: Give you some relief with th...
text: And stops. The mouth doesn't smile. But the eyes crinkle slightly
dialog: toward...
text: ...Bunny. Who has crept out in her jammies. Hugging a sack of
text: Pepperidge Farm cookies like it was a teddy.
speaker_heading: AGNIS (to Bunny)
dialog: You like blue dogs named Warren?
text: The little girl nods. As if she certainly does.
speaker_heading: AGNIS
dialog: I got one in the car.
scene_heading: INT. PARLOR - LATER
text: In the far corner of the room, Bunny plays with WARREN, a sweet,
text: ugly dog. Toothless and, undeniably, blue.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (O.S.)
dialog: I never knew her, really.
text: See him now, sipping his tea. Wallowing in the detritus of his
dialog: emotions.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: But she was driven by terrible
dialog: forces, no one could understand.
dialog: She was a locked door. Even to me.
text: Agnis in the good chair. Teacup on her ample lap. Assessing a
text: photo on the end table, Petal's arctic eyes, rigidly seductive
text: pose. The snapshot enshrined by a neighboring votive rose in its
text: jelly jar glass.
speaker_heading: AGNIS
dialog: So she wasn't just a bitch in
dialog: high heels?
text: Quoyle's eyes cut instinctively toward his daughter, her innocence
text: protected by distance and absorption with Warren's passivity.
speaker_heading: AGNIS
dialog: Don't stress. She mighta heard worse
dialog: from her momma. I'm only guessin'.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Some people probably thought Petal
text: was bad clear through.
speaker_heading: AGNIS
dialog: People. Are a cynical lot.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: I think she just couldn't get
dialog: enough love.
text: Agnis' unblinking eyes.
speaker_heading: AGNIS
dialog: I think the evidence. Is on
dialog: your side.
text: The eyes study him. Dissect him, even.
speaker_heading: AGNIS
dialog: I'm headed north, Nephew, to
dialog: where our family comes from, in
dialog: Newfoundland. Thought I'd never
dialog: go back. But the older y'get...
text: Clucks her tongue.
speaker_heading: AGNIS
text: There's a pull. Becomes an ache.
dialog: As if where your people started
dialog: held a purpose for you. Like
dialog: you're a piece in a puzzle...
text: Not a smile. But something. A softening of timbre, a flicker
text: behind the eye.
speaker_heading: AGNIS
dialog: ...lookin' for where y'fit.
text: Lifts her cup.
speaker_heading: AGNIS
dialog: You, too.
text: Takes a sip. His eyes have narrowed in a burlesque of suspicion.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: In what sense do you m...
speaker_heading: AGNIS
dialog: You need to come, Nephew.
dialog: Just like that.
speaker_heading: AGNIS
dialog: Nothin' here but hurt. You got
dialog: to start fresh, everythin's gone!
dialog: Hmmn?
speaker_heading: AGNIS
dialog: The trip'll clear your head.
dialog: Be educational for the squirt.
dialog: Teach ya the world's still spinnin'
dialog: outside this toxic slice o'Hades.
dialog: And who knows...?
text: Tilts her head. Who knows.
speaker_heading: AGNIS
dialog: They must have a newspaper up
dialog: there. Somebody's gotta write it.
text: He just stares. The blankest of the blank.
speaker_heading: AGNIS
dialog: Tell the truth, I'd appreciate
dialog: the company. You two are pretty
dialog: much my family.
text: His face softens. Hadn't thought of it that way. And seeing
dialog: this...
speaker_heading: AGNIS
dialog: A pot o'coffee would hit the spot.
dialog: Drop o'whiskey would fit nice in it.
text: She waits. He rises. And when he does...
speaker_heading: AGNIS
dialog: Which one's my brother?
text: He blinks. She looks at two URNS on the mantle.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Uh. There's Mom. And that's Poppa.
text: The name of the funeral home tastefully stenciled. He clears his
dialog: throat...
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Those are temporary.
speaker_heading: AGNIS
dialog: Coffee. And maybe a sweet.
text: Quoyle nods, glad to serve. Heads off to the kitchen. Agnis looks
text: at Bunny and Warren.
speaker_heading: AGNIS
dialog: She needs to go outside.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: I know why.
text: She runs out, the dog trotting after. Alone now...
text: ...Agnis pulls something from her large carpetbag purse. It is an
text: oversized ZIPLOC BAG. She stands. Crosses to...
text: ...her brother's urn. She removes the lid. Turns the huge Ziploc
text: upside down to COVER the urn. Then, in one deft movement...
text: ...UPENDS the urn, a cascade of ash tumbling into the Ziploc.
text: Seals it. Sets it to one side. Then, from her purse...
text: ...another ziploc already filled with replacement ashes. She pours
dialog: just enough into the urn. That should do it. Stashes the rest
text: back in her purse. Turns now to lift...
text: ...the Ziploc with her brother's remains. Stares at it. Think
text: Hamlet with Yorrick's skull.
speaker_heading: AGNIS
dialog: What say, Guy? The dumpster?
text: A beat. Eyes flat and neutral.
speaker_heading: AGNIS
dialog: Just a thought.
scene_heading: EXT. PHANTOM HIGHWAY - MISTY NIGHT
text: A world of fog and reflected high beams. Big rig pulls over, and
text: Petal climbs up and in, her short red dress fluttering about her
dialog: thighs.
text: The truck is roaring heedlessly through dense cloud. The DRIVER is
text: gross and bald, snot suspended from his nostrils. He lets go of
text: the wheel to run his hairy hands UNDER Petal's dress, while through
text: the shotgun window, we see...
text: ...Quoyle FLYING along outside, like a superhero. Except he is
text: shocked bug-eyed by the tableau. The disgusting driver buries his
text: face in Petal's hair, she throws her head back laughing, and the
text: driver becomes Quoyle's FATHER, Quoyle silently SHRIEKING outside
text: the window, and SMASH cut to...
scene_heading: EXT. DECK, PORT-AUX-BASQUES FERRY - DAY
text: ...Quoyle blinking awake on the deck of a pitching ferry. Fog
text: and cliff and the raw Atlantic. And SOARING alongside, an amazing
text: number of MARITIME BIRDS...the gulls and terns seeming to stare
text: Quoyle in the eye as they glide past. Maybe they prompted his
dialog: dream.
speaker_heading: AGNIS (O.S.)
dialog: They draft off our air currents,
dialog: it's quite premeditated.
text: She stands at the rail. Smoking, despite the wind.
speaker_heading: AGNIS
dialog: They actually know the ferry
dialog: schedule. Show up on time
dialog: better'n the Newfies.
text: He smiles a seasick smile. Lurches from his bolted-down chair to
text: join her. She nods back toward...
text: ...Bunny through the glass window, snuggled with Warren, feeding
text: the dog french fries.
speaker_heading: AGNIS
dialog: ...image of m'sister, Feeny.
text: She's married to a falconer in
dialog: Arabia, now. Has to wear a black
text: thing over her face.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Like the falcon.
text: She stares in his eyes. Yes, like the falcon. They are growing on
text: each other in a companionable way.
speaker_heading: AGNIS
dialog: Nice. To be with family.
text: He smiles. It is nice.
speaker_heading: AGNIS
dialog: 'Specially big shots. Who can
dialog: land a job with one phone call.
text: His smile changes color. A quiet pride in the modest...
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Well, that was my friend Partridge.
dialog: Made the call. And it's just an
dialog: interview.
text: When Quoyle looks back in at Bunny, he sees she is staring off at
text: something with full attention. He follows her gaze to...
text: ...a honey-haired MOTHER with her small BOY snuggled in her lap.
text: She is feeding him an ice cream bar with evident tenderness. And
text: though the child's face is blissfully vacant, she murmurs to him
text: with serious intent.
scene_heading: INT. CAR, GREAT NORTHERN PENINSULA - DAY
text: Quoyle driving a winding, rutted road, high above the coastline.
text: Cracked cliffs in volcanic glazes. Long-abandoned settlements
text: jutting from raw granite. Icebergs on the horizon above the
text: rumpled, creased fabric of a brilliant blue sea. Beside him...
speaker_heading: AGNIS
dialog: On the map, here. Quoyle Point.
dialog: Named after us. You.
text: It all seems at once awe-inspiring, frighteningly lonely. And
dialog: hostile as hell.
scene_heading: EXT. QUOYLE'S POINT - SUNSET
text: The car pulls up in a shroud of mist. Our family climbs out,
text: stares into what seems the center of a dense cloud, until...
text: ...the fog LIFTS. And like a ghost, a GREEN HOUSE appears. Then,
text: disappears. Then, APPEARS again. This time, to stay.
speaker_heading: AGNIS (bottomless pride)
dialog: I was born here.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
text: The green makes me hurl.
dialog: (Warren whimpers)
dialog: Her, too.
text: The cloud lifts further, and we see the house stands alone on a
text: rocky point. The bay roils far below. Half the window panes are
text: gone. Holes in the roof, paint flaking everywhere. Lonely and
dialog: scary as any haunted house.
speaker_heading: AGNIS
dialog: Empty 44 years. And look at that
text: roofline, straight as a ruler.
text: Quoyle looks at her. Looks at the house. Looks at her.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Take it easy. Floor mighta fallen
text: into the cellar.
speaker_heading: AGNIS (laughs)
text: Not likely. There is no cellar.
dialog: No foundation, neither.
text: She takes Bunny's squirming hand and starts toward the house, as if
text: crossing Jordan.
speaker_heading: AGNIS (calling back)
dialog: The whole thing's lashed with cable,
dialog: to iron rings set in the rock!
text: He just stands there. Sees the cables now, the rings.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (calling out)
dialog: Uh. Why would they do th...
speaker_heading: AGNIS (calling back)
dialog: Long story!
text: Apparently a private one, too. Keeps walking.
scene_heading: INT. GREEN HOUSE - TWILIGHT
text: Inside the dank, corroding place. We can feel all 44 years of
text: abandonment. CRASH! The door FLIES open. Quoyle with his tire
text: iron steps aside, and...
text: ...Agnis drags Bunny inside. The wind shrieking low through
text: openings like proper spirits. Even this bold child is frightened.
text: So Agnis leans to murmur...
speaker_heading: AGNIS
dialog: Up those stairs, Aunt Pinkie slept.
dialog: So fat she couldn't get down to her
dialog: chamber pot. Wanna see if she's
dialog: still there?
text: Asked as a serious question. Bunny nods. Let's.
text: ANGLE...upstairs now. Agnis marching through like MacArthur
text: reclaiming the Philippines. Room after rough-hewn spacious room,
text: light spiking through a thousand roof holes in assorted shapes.
speaker_heading: AGNIS
dialog: Well. Too late to drive that road
dialog: back 'round the bay. We'll camp
dialog: in here tonight. Be right as rain.
text: Quoyle looks down to his daughter. Who nods, as if that were a
dialog: perfectly natural suggestion.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: Which one's Petal's room? I'll
dialog: sleep there.
scene_heading: INT. GREEN HOUSE - LATE NIGHT
text: CLOSE on Bunny's sleeping face. PUSH INTO her closed eyes, and
dialog: FADE to...
text: ...a WINDOW, unearthly tendrils of FOG drifting past in moonglow
text: wisps. Suddenly, a FACE appears, an animal. White. Wolf, or more
text: likely, dog. It stares in at us, is fleetingly joined by a
text: grizzled HUMAN ghost, eyes FLASHING crazy, and...
dialog: ...gone in mist. CUT to...
text: REAR ANGLE of Quoyle and Bunny, each rolled over onto one side,
text: asleep in their sleeping bags. His arm across her protectively.
text: Hers across Warren, who sleeps curled to her chest. PAN up to...
text: ...the window. Only the shimmer of cloud-like mist. SNAP to...
text: REVERSE ANGLE...Bunny's eyes. wide open.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM - DAWN
text: CLOSE on Quoyle, stirring at the end of sleep. His eyes flutter
text: open. A beat. He is alone. sits...
text: ...BOLT UPRIGHT.
text: ANGLE...front hallway, Quoyle's bulk POUNDING toward us, boots in
text: his hand. The front door ajar. And at the threshold, in a
text: decorous semi-circle, six naked Barbies. Legs spread wide for
text: balance. Each staring out the doorway, to where...
text: ...Bunny sits on the cold ground. Making some craft project with
text: great care. Quoyle can breathe again, she's safe. Ambles out,
text: crouches beside her. Close.
text: She keeps working. Almost eerie concentration. He sees now that
text: she is weaving a loop of dandelion stems, connected by aluminum pop
text: tops. He leans down. Kisses her head.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Is that a belt or a crown?
text: No answer. That concerns him. The intensity of her focus. He
text: notices now, the soda and beer cans with their tops popped. Lined
text: up in a row. He lifts one, liquid sloshes out. They're full.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Sodas get flat withou...
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: This is important.
text: She won't look up. He glances back to the doorway.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: That why the Barbies are
dialog: watching?
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: They're being nice and patient.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: They must be chilly, tho. Should
dialog: I get their clo...
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: They look better this way. They
dialog: have great bodies.
text: He looks back. Well. Maybe so. Holds up one of the heavy boots
text: he's carrying. It has a thick blue shoelace. The other. Has
text: none. Sticks that one in front of her face.
text: She looks up to him. Tugs on the shoelace, which she now wears as
dialog: a necklace...
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: I need it. I look good in blue.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (smiles)
dialog: Well. I look good in shoes.
text: ...sees now what she has tugged from inside her shirt. The
text: shoelace necklace holds a dull metal KEY as a pendant. He blinks.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: I was lookin' for that all over
dialog: our old place. The landlady s...
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: I need it.
text: He takes that in. The urgency of it. She is staring in his eyes.
text: So he grins...
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: You had quite the heavy morning.
dialog: Take the rest of the day off.
text: She doesn't smile back. Returns to her work. He looks out by the
text: cliff, to see Agnis staring across the bay, Warren sitting at her
text: side. He pulls on his boots. Gets to his feet.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Be right back, and we'll start
dialog: talking breakf...
speaker_heading: BUNNY (not looking up)
dialog: Watch out for the dog.
text: He looks across the ground toward old Warren.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Yeh, her farts are pretty scary.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: I mean. The white one!
text: Now their eyes meet. Matter-of-fact...
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: The White Dog with the big
text: teeth and the red eyes. The
dialog: Skinny Ghost owns him. They
dialog: came last night.
text: He draws a breath...
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: I didn't dream 'em, don't say
dialog: I did.
text: He thinks this over.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: I was gonna say. I'll keep my
text: eyes peeled.
text: And makes a funny gesture, like peeling his eyeballs. She goes
text: back to work. His eyes linger. Then, he heads off toward the
text: cliff. When he gets there...
text: AGNIS (staring across the bay)
dialog: I'll get us a carpenter. Fix
dialog: the place up in no time. We'll
dialog: find a rooming house til th...
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Be cheaper to build a new one.
text: On the Riviera, even.
text: Now she looks at him. Her flat, bottomless eyes.
speaker_heading: AGNIS
dialog: Only I weren't born. On the
dialog: Riviera.
text: O-kay. That's settled. He nods, humbly, dumbly. She points off
text: across the water. An actual TOWN.
speaker_heading: AGNIS
dialog: Flour Sack Cove. What time's
dialog: your interview at that paper?
dialog: Ten o'clock?
text: Ten o'clock.
speaker_heading: AGNIS
dialog: The drive's a bitch. We'll buy
dialog: us a boat.
text: He tries a smile. Unavoidably lame.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: I'm not. A water person.
speaker_heading: AGNIS (dead straight)
dialog: A boat. That's the ticket.
text: His grin hardens. Just enough to say that on this issue, maybe
text: even she can't push him. He turns around. Starts back toward his
dialog: daughter.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: ...not a water person.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - MORNING
text: Quoyle driving alone in his best suit. Which is also his worst
dialog: suit. Which is also the suit he wore to interview Ed Punch, years
text: ago. Hard rain. Potholes. Around a curve, to see ahead...
text: REAR ANGLE of a tall WOMAN, holding the hand of a CHILD as they
text: walk in their slickers through the downpour. As he passes them,
dialog: they TURN and..
text: ...the woman is Petal. The child is Bunny. They both stick their
text: tongues out at him.
text: Past now. Looking in the rear-view. The woman is lovely and
text: no longer Petal. The child is a BOY, with a slack face and warm
text: smile. Surprisingly, the same mother and son that Bunny watched on
dialog: the ferry.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (V.O.)
dialog: Someone found a pretty wife.
text: Still staring in the mirror. The receding figures small against
dialog: the rain.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (V.O.)
dialog: Someone always does.
scene_heading: EXT. THE GAMMY BIRD - DAY
text: Quoyle pulls up to a ramshackle place, its sign: THE GAMMY BIRD
text: over a painted quacking duck. As he climbs out, he hears SHOUTING
text: from inside. A door opens, and...
text: ...a crab-Iike figure scuttles out, jumps in a Toyota truck, turns
text: the key. Kills the engine. He looks out at Quoyle standing in
text: what's left of the rain. Climbs back out. Rasps...
speaker_heading: CARD
dialog: As you can see, sometimes y'can't
dialog: get away. I'm Tert X. Card, the
dialog: bloody so-called managing editor,
dialog: copyeditor, rewrite man, mechanicals,
dialog: ad makeup department, mail and
text: distribution chief, and snow shoveler.
text: More of a leering rictus than an actual smile. TERT CARD is aging,
text: balding, potbellied over a once-rawboned frame. His face looks
text: like cottage cheese clawed with a fork. He scratches his balls
text: with a rough-hewn hand. He is never happy.
speaker_heading: CARD
dialog: And you are either a big advertiser
dialog: come to buy a four-page spread to
dialog: push your warehouse of left-footed
dialog: Japanese boots. Or. You. Are the
text: breathlessly-awaited Quoyle.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: That'd be me. The second one.
text: Card rakes his privates once more, and offers the same hand in
text: dubious greeting. Quoyle takes it.
speaker_heading: CARD
dialog: Have to do without the Ultimate
dialog: Cheese, y'will. Himself, Mr. Jack
text: Buggit, is up at the house having
text: charms said over his scrawny chest to
dialog: clear out that impressive accumulation
text: of phlegm he's been hawking all week.
text: Claps a mirthless hand on Quoyle's back, leading him into...
scene_heading: INT. GAMMY BIRD NEWSROOM - DAY
text: A newsroom. Makes the Mockingburg Record look like the Washington
text: Post. Only two employees at their vintage desks. Card points as
dialog: he bellows...
speaker_heading: CARD
dialog: Now, there's Billy Pretty. He's
dialog: something of a landmark and an
dialog: old fish dog.
text: BILLY PRETTY is wizened and wiry, pushing 70. A tiny, energetic
text: creature with well-weathered hide, watering crystal-blue eyes, and
text: a slanted smile. He waves a bony hand.
speaker_heading: CARD
text: Billy does the Home News page.
dialog: Poems, baby photos, household
dialog: tips, and a gossip column, under
dialog: the byline of Junior Sugg, that
dialog: is pretty much straight libel.
text: Billy nods. That pretty much covers it.
speaker_heading: CARD
dialog: In short. He writes the only
dialog: stuff anybody actually reads.
text: Little salute from the Managing Editor. If Card likes anybody, he
dialog: likes Billy. And he doesn't.
speaker_heading: CARD
dialog: Now this miserable ugly Brit, is
dialog: B. Beaufield Nutbeem. Imagines
dialog: he's the foreign news chief. Steals
dialog: every story off that foul shortwave
text: radio and rewrites it in Limey prose.
speaker_heading: NUTBEEM (smiling)
dialog: Which bloody Card rewrites in a
dialog: mystical tongue most charitably
text: referenced as an unacquireable taste.
text: NUTBEEM is 50 and gangly. Buttery hair swept behind ample ears.
text: A thin moustache, a bounteous bowtie, a ratty pullover. He opens a
text: file folder. Gives Quoyle a piercing, meaningful glance.
speaker_heading: NUTBEEM
dialog: Mine: 'Burmese sawmill owners and
dialog: the Rangoon Development Corporation
dialog: met in Tokyo Tuesday to consider a
dialog: joint approach to marketing tropical
dialog: hardwoods.'
text: Got it? Turns the page.
speaker_heading: NUTBEEM
dialog: Card's rewrite: 'Burnoosed sawbill
text: awnings and the Ranger Devotional
dialog: Competition met Wednesday near
dialog: Tokyo to mark up local hairwood.'
text: A stunned. Silence.
speaker_heading: CARD
dialog: It's shorter, and I got Tokyo right.
speaker_heading: NUTBEEM
dialog: If misspelled.
speaker_heading: CARD
dialog: Now what's funnier, Quoyle? My
dialog: writing style, or the fantasy that
dialog: any Newfie would read that
text: moosepuckey in the first pIa...
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (to Nutbeem)
dialog: How'd the meeting go? Did they
dialog: agree on a joint marketing approach?
text: The beginning. Of a beautiful friendship.
speaker_heading: NUTBEEM (gentle smile)
text: Still in progress, old bean.
dialog: One can only hope.
text: Card, who likes no one. Doesn't like Quoyle, too.
speaker_heading: CARD
dialog: There's your miserable desk, Quoyle.
dialog: We've got no idea what yer s'posed
dialog: to do. But Mr. Jack Buggit will
dialog: drop by someday and enlighten us
dialog: all. Til then...
text: And he turns away. Through the swinging door. SLAM. Quiet.
text: Except for Nutbeem's chuckle.
scene_heading: EXT. GREEN HOUSE - DAY
text: Quoyle pulls up beside the ancestral home. Agnis stands at the
text: back of a rented truck, sorting through materials in the payload.
text: Across a stretch of ground, Bunny is earnestly pretend-reading a
text: book to Warren, who lies listlessly before her.
text: Quoyle comes up behind Agnis. He carries a newspaper and an
text: excited air.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Listen to this. 'Well, we see
text: the postman has landed in jail for
dialog: 45 days for throwing the mail in
dialog: Killick-Claw Harbor. He said he
dialog: had too much to deliver, and folks
dialog: could just take a dip and help
dialog: themselves.'
text: He looks up, eager for her reaction. She is still sorting through
text: bolts of thick cloth, spools of heavy thread, odd mechanical
dialog: devices.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: This is great stuff. 'A snowmobile
dialog: mishap has taken the life of 78-year-
text: old Rick Puff, who was on his way
dialog: home from what the Widow Puff calls
text: a 'screech-in and a carouse,' when his
text: machine fell through the ice. A well-
dialog: known accordion player, Mr. Puff had
dialog: served four years in the 1970s for
dialog: sexual assault on his daughters. Bet
dialog: they aren't crying, either.' This
dialog: Billy Pretty can really write!
speaker_heading: AGNIS (absently)
text: ...passes as colorful.
text: He looks into the truck. Sees all the stuff. She surveys his
text: puzzlement.
speaker_heading: AGNIS
dialog: Nephew, we can't fix up the house
text: proper on a journalist's wages.
dialog: So I have un-retired.
dialog: Oh. Absorbs that.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: From what?
speaker_heading: AGNIS
dialog: Upholstery. Been sought after for
dialog: 33 years, wherever I've lived.
dialog: This should be the real test, huh?
text: Quoyle nods. Could be that. The sudden sound of footsteps above
text: them, makes him look up sharply, to see...
text: ...a fit young MAN in a toolbelt climbing down a ladder from the
text: roof. The muscles of a stud, the shy smile of a boy, he waves a
text: greeting and HOPS down the last six feet to the ground.
speaker_heading: AGNIS
dialog: This is Dennis Buggit, master
dialog: carpenter.
text: DENNIS offers a hand, and a smile that says he's expecting to like
dialog: you. Makes the sentiment contagious.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Only til I get my lobster license.
dialog: I'm a fisherman in my soul.
text: A strong handshake. On both sides.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: It's a Newfie thing, the compulsion
dialog: to fish. Y'hear yesterday's tragedy
dialog: 'bout the Newfie who went ice fishin'?
dialog: Quoyle hasn't.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
text: Brought home 200 pounds of ice. His
text: wife fried it. They both drowned.
text: Quoyle laughs good and honest. Dennis likes that.
speaker_heading: AGNIS
dialog: With me workin', we'll need day
dialog: care for Bunny after school. Turns
dialog: out Dennis and his wife send their
dialog: little girl to this wonderful saintly
dialog: woman. How's that for us livin' a
dialog: charmed life?
text: Quoyle nods, if a bit cautious. Dennis squints out across the bay.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Agnis says yer buyin' a boat.
dialog: Sooner's prob'ly better'n lat...
dialog: QUOYLE (quiet smile)
dialog: I'm not buyin'. No boat.
text: Sounds pretty sure of that. Punctures the amiable ambiance with a
text: shard of silence.
speaker_heading: AGNIS
dialog: Well, course we're buy...
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (to Dennis)
dialog: Buggit, huh? Any kin to my boss on
dialog: the Gammy Bird?
text: The silence. Just got thunderous. A full beat.
speaker_heading: DENNIS (low)
dialog: Oh, yeh. He's m'dad.
text: Even the eyes glance down. What is that? In the wake of it...
speaker_heading: AGNIS (cheerful)
dialog: Gonna chat up yer daughter, or just
dialog: ignore her as usual?
text: Quoyle nods. Better do that. Dennis sends a shy smile, as if
text: apologizing for the awkwardness. Quoyle holds up a finger, be
dialog: right back, and...
text: ...heads on over to where Bunny is reading to Warren.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: Warren threw up in your sleeping bag.
dialog: She's got a stomach problem.
text: Quoyle takes a breath to answer, but stops. He's caught a whiff.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (V.O.)
dialog: Headline. Dog Fart Fells Freelance
dialog: Reporter. Promising Career Nipped
dialog: in Bud.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: It's called cancer.
text: Oh. Quoyle holds his face together, as Bunny strokes the limp
text: Warren. Then, he crouches down...
dialog: ...strokes Warren, too. Good dog.
scene_heading: INT. GAMMY BIRD - MORNING
text: Quoyle enters. Billy Pretty's on the phone, hand cupped over the
text: receiver, like it's top secret. Nutbeem's tuning his ancient
text: shortwave with a butter knife through the hole where a knob ought
text: to be. And as Quoyle sets down his sack lunch and thermos, as he
text: peels off his parka, he's staring straight into the eyes of...
text: ...Tert Card across the way. Wearing a wicked and mysterious
text: smile. As Quoyle's butt lowers toward his chair...
speaker_heading: BOOMING VOICE (O.S.)
scene_heading: ATTENTION QUOYLE!
text: Ouoyle JUMPS a foot. Looks from Card to Billy to Nutbeem. What's
dialog: going on?
speaker_heading: BOOMING VOICE (O.S.)
text: IT'S AN I.Q. TEST, ME OLD SON, AND
dialog: YOU AIN'T EXCELLING!
text: WHIPS around. Through the glass of the only private office, sits a
text: rumpled codger with a bullhorn. JACK BUGGIT, has his rubber boots
text: up on the desk, scale-spattered overalls over his compact, sinewy
text: body. His hair is wisps and shocks, and his face is strewn with
text: stubble split by a leprechaun's grin around a stained hand-rolled
dialog: ciggie.
speaker_heading: JACK (into bullhorn)
scene_heading: DOES PAYIN' YER SHAMEFUL WAGE ENTITLE
text: ME TO A PERSONAL AUDIENCE? OR WOULDJA
text: RATHER JUST STAND THERE AN' DROOL?
speaker_heading: NUTBEEM
dialog: Tell the truth.
text: Jack WAVING him in, with great energetic loops. The grin more
text: rowdy than his boy's. But the charm is there and more so. Quoyle
dialog: goes...
speaker_heading: CARD (O.S.)
dialog: Hold onto yer danglies, little
dialog: sister.
text: ...closes the door behind him. Jack's eyes are crinkly blue. They
text: study Quoyle good. And right in his face...
speaker_heading: JACK (into bullhorn)
scene_heading: I PREDICT! A COCKADOODLE-BRIGHT
scene_heading: FUTURE IN JOURNALISM!
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Based on my I.Q. test, huh. Where'd
dialog: I rate?
dialog: JACK (sets the bullhorn down)
dialog: Advanced squirrel. This ties you
dialog: with me, an' I own the place.
text: Holds out a brown fisherman's hand. Quoyle takes it.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Pleased t'meetcha, Billy says yer
dialog: workin' out.
text: A wink.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Tert Card says he's keepin' an eye
dialog: on ya. Since he's a self-servin'
dialog: liar, helluva ad salesman tho, it
dialog: means he's jealous. And Nutbeem...
text: Lifts the bullhorn...
speaker_heading: JACK (into bullhorn)
text: NUTBEEM'S TEMPORARY ANYWAY! YOU HEAR
dialog: THAT NUTBEEM!
speaker_heading: NUTBEEM (O.S., through glass)
text: WITH PROFOUND RELIEF!
text: Jack's grin grows a twinkle. Soft spot for the Brit.
speaker_heading: JACK
text: Nutbeem's obsessed with actual news.
dialog: Makes up for it by manning the sexual
dialog: abuse desk. Can't keep up with the
dialog: volume there, we're runnin' three,
dialog: four a week.
text: Leans forward. Like he's dishing the lowdown.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Card's in charge. Ya hear this and
dialog: that 'bout his typos, but typos is
dialog: part of Gammy Bird. Everyone gets
text: a laugh, and gets to figger 'em out.
dialog: Better'n a crossword.
text: Stabs out his cigarette. Pulls a new one from a damp little box.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: An' Billy. Well, Billy's a writer
dialog: and a fisherman. Me, I'm just a
dialog: fisherman.
text: Offers the box. Quoyle shakes him off.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Fishin' and the sea is all I am.
dialog: My pap the same. My boy.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: So he said. Waitin' for his license.
text: Ah. Jack's smile doesn't actually fade. But the eyes flicker, and
text: Quoyle is sorry he opened his yap.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Naw, my boy's passed. Went to sea
text: and there he rests. Bless his bones.
text: His glance goes to a photo. Jack and a strapping blond son.
dialog: Not Dennis, that's for sure. Somehow, we are suddenly down to
dialog: business...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Want two things from ya, Quoyle.
dialog: First. You cover every local car
dialog: wreck, take pictures. Front-page
dialog: photo every week, whether we have a
dialog: wreck or not, an' we always do. When
dialog: we don't, we dip into Card's file,
dialog: he's got some beauties.
text: INTERCUT...half a red Geo being fished out of the water. Petal's
text: lifeless torso hanging backwards out the door, arms gracefully
dialog: extended like a ballerina or Olympic diver. Over this...
speaker_heading: JACK (O.S.)
dialog: Knack to this. If there's a dark
text: patch on the ground, it reads blood,
dialog: whether it's motor oil or Diet Coke.
text: Gloves, hat, lyin' in the road...
text: BACK to Jack. Canny and keen. He knows this stuff.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: ...somethin' that humanizes, makes
dialog: ya feel. That's what a wreck is.
dialog: It's always saying, 'There but for
dialog: the grace of God...'
dialog: Do ya follow? Quoyle follows.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Plus. We're starting a feature on
dialog: the shipping news. What ships come
dialog: in, what goes out. Whatever's of
dialog: interest. Throwin' it to you, son.
dialog: Chance to shine.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Mr. Buggit. I'm not. Well, a
dialog: water person.
text: Ah. Jack takes this in. The smile returns.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Chance. To shine.
dialog: If you catch my drift. Quoyle shuts up.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: One peculiarity. I'm no joke,
dialog: son, and I don't tolerate jokes
dialog: about Newfies. Or them that does.
text: SMASH CUT to...
scene_heading: INT. SKIPPER WILL'S DINER - NIGHT
text: CLOSE on Dennis, holding a half-eaten squidburger in two hands.
text: Oblivious to sawdust, smoke and stench, he is charmingly,
text: engagingly, smashed.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: So this Newfie comes to Toronto.
dialog: Cabbie says, take ya to meet girls
dialog: for a good time. Boy says, okay,
dialog: but I only want a Newfie girl.
text: His audience is Quoyle and Nutbeem. Each holds a squidburger of
text: his own, tentacles dangling. Quoyle has his next one handy by his
dialog: beer.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Right section of the party district,
text: he finds a girl, they have sex,
dialog: she says that's a hunnerd dollars.
text: He says fine, tips her another
dialog: hunnerd! She says, wow, can y'come
dialog: back t'morrow?
text: Quoyle takes a humongus BITE. Tentacles now dripping from his
text: jaws. Rapt. Hypnotized.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Next two nights, same thing!
dialog: Finally she says, I never met so
dialog: sweet a guy, where ya from? He says,
dialog: Misky Bay, Newfoundland. She says,
dialog: really? Me, too!
text: Quoyle hanging on the punch.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: He says, I know. Yer ma asked me
dialog: t'give ya six hunnerd dollars!
text: Quoyle SNORTS his laughter, dislodging a tentacled morsel or two.
text: Nutbeem has to look away, as Quoyle retrieves the chunks, stuffs
dialog: 'em back in his mouth.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Yer the model Newfie, Q, but fer
dialog: th'boat. Why doncha buy Nutbeem's?
text: Drunken, devilish smile. Quoyle turns, innocent questioning eyes.
dialog: You got a boat?
speaker_heading: NUTBEEM
dialog: I built a Chinese junk. Sailed it
dialog: up from Brazil. Missed Manhattan by
dialog: a mile or so, got stranded here when
dialog: I shipwrecked by Gaze Island.
text: So casual and falsely modest, Quoyle's eyes are big.
speaker_heading: NUTBEEM
dialog: Almost finished my repairs. Be
text: leaving soon. As paleontologists
dialog: define the term.
dialog: Studies Quoyle's amazement. Confides...
speaker_heading: NUTBEEM
dialog: She's ugly. And the only thing
dialog: I've ever loved.
text: Dennis rises. Belches.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Yer story tugs at me bladder.
text: And off he lurches to correct the situation. Once he's gone...
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Him and Jack. Tell it.
text: Their eyes meet. The Brit sighs.
speaker_heading: NUTBEEM
dialog: Jack Buggit's psychic, start with
dialog: that. He's got the gift. Specially
dialog: about the sea.
text: Thinking. Should he tell it? Quoyle makes a rolling hand motion,
dialog: hurry it up.
speaker_heading: NUTBEEM
dialog: Older brother Jesson, everyone's
dialog: favorite, even Dennis'. Goes to
dialog: sea like his dad. One day, rest
text: of the family's sitting by the radio,
text: and Jack goes white...
dialog: That's right.
speaker_heading: NUTBEEM
text: Stands up. Says, Jesson's gone.
text: Walks out of the house. Grief too
dialog: big for walls to hold it.
text: Sets down the burger. Runs a finger down the frost on his beer
dialog: mug.
speaker_heading: NUTBEEM
dialog: So Dennis is forbidden the sea.
text: But being free, Newfie, and 21,
text: he goes anyway.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: And that's enough t...?
speaker_heading: NUTBEEM
text: Death storm. Monster wave cracks
text: her steel hull amidships, one inch
text: crack from starboard to port. Men
dialog: go in the water. Dennis lost.
dialog: After a week...
dialog: A week.
speaker_heading: NUTBEEM
text: They come to Jack, call off the
text: search. He stands like a stone. Then
text: turns, sharp, the way he does. Says
dialog: only, 'He's alive. And I know where.'
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Man's a witch.
speaker_heading: NUTBEEM
text: Went to sea, alone, in just a skiff.
dialog: Finds him. Can you guess the odds?
text: Finds him. Finds him. Both arms
dialog: broke, 99% dead.
text: Leans. Close.
speaker_heading: NUTBEEM
dialog: Boy comes to. Jack says if you ever
dialog: step in a boat again, I'll drown ya
dialog: m'self. And you know what the kid
dialog: said...?
text: Quoyle glances over. Dennis wobbling his way back through the
dialog: tables.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Say it fast.
speaker_heading: NUTBEEM
dialog: Says fishin' licenses are all spoken
dialog: for, I'd appreciate you givin' me
dialog: yours. Jack looked in his eyes.
dialog: They never spoke ag...
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: What's bein' blabbed here?
speaker_heading: NUTBEEM (not missing a beat)
dialog: Quoyle says you got a nice ass.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Quoyle's right.
text: He raises his beer.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: To my ass.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: I'll drink to that.
dialog: And, by God. They do.
scene_heading: EXT. WAVEY'S YARD - AFTERNOON
text: Quoyle and Bunny climb out of the wagon. A small house, its grassy
text: yard strewn with a phantasmagoria of painted wood figures,
text: galloping horses, dogs balanced on wheels, a row of chrome hubcaps
text: on sticks. A zoo of the mind. To one side, a table piled with
text: crafts, ignored by...
text: ...fifteen LITTLE KIDS running in all directions, like bundled,
text: unbridled banshees. Looks like fun. Two harried MOTHERS are
text: trying to cope with the chaos. And there, under a tree...
text: ...the honey-haired WOMAN Quoyle had seen on the ferry. And in
text: the rain. She is on her knees, tying the shoes of her vacant-faced
text: SON. He trips and sprawls, but he is laughing. The woman smiles
text: tenderly and tousles his brown-straw hair.
text: Quoyle gets up his courage. Walks Bunny over to them. As we
text: arrive, the woman looks up...
dialog: QUOYLE (really nervous)
dialog: Hullo. It's our first day, and I
dialog: was wond...
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: What's wrong with him?
text: Quoyle freezes. She means, of course, the blankly-staring boy.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Hey, how 'bout we ask what's wrong
dialog: with you? There's nothing wr...
dialog: WOMAN (to Bunny, softly)
dialog: Sure, there is. This is Herry, and
dialog: he has Down's Syndrome. It means
text: he learns things very slowly.
text: Oh. HERRY smiles at Bunny. Suddenly, wonderfully.
speaker_heading: BUNNY (to Herry)
dialog: Know how to be a dog?
text: She DROPS to all fours and starts YAPPING like a terrier. Herry
text: LAUGHS with delight. Tumbles down to the grass and does his
text: impression of a Chihuahua on speed.
speaker_heading: BUNNY (to the woman)
text: He looks fast to me. Maybe he's
dialog: cured.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Maybe.
text: The kids waddle off in their canine personas. Alone with the woman
dialog: now, Quoyle is near-catatonic. Come on, brain!
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Which one of those women is in
dialog: charge here?
text: The woman looks at him. Clear cornflower eyes. As comfortable in
text: silence as he is agonized. Then, she squints out at the other
text: women, desperately running ragged after the kids.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Neither of 'em. They're just moms.
dialog: Oh.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Well, my lord, whoever runs the
dialog: place should be giving this a
dialog: little more attention.
text: She looks back at him, blankly.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: You think.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: I mean, children need structure.
dialog: No one's even guarding that craft
dialog: table, they could be running around
text: with scissors and get hurt.
text: The woman's eyes bottomless, unreadable. The silence excruciating
text: for poor Quoyle. He clears his throat.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Um. I write for the newspa...
text: But she stands. The grace and quickness of a jungle cat.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Well. I'd better get to work, I
dialog: see. Providing structure and all.
text: Brushes off her skirt. He is in the dawning panic of beginning to
dialog: realize...
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: I'm Wavey Prowse, and this is
dialog: my place. Pardon our antiquated
dialog: emphasis on individuality and the
dialog: freedom to have fun.
text: Heads off with a loose-limbed stride. Spins back around...
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: Oh, yeh. Running with sharp
dialog: objects? We save for Tuesdays.
text: Got it? He gawks like a stupid animal. Nods, got it. She's
text: already gone.
scene_heading: EXT. BARGE DECK - DAY
text: Quoyle and Billy Pretty stroll the teak deck of a massive,
text: elegantly-outfitted BARGE. The wiry little fellow keeps his
text: smile to his eyes...
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Well, she don't wear a ring, cause
dialog: she lost her husband at sea. Just
dialog: after the boy was born.
text: Oh. Quoyle nods, blandly. As if it is a matter of no real concern
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Well, I was just...
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: ...sharpenin' those observation
dialog: skills. First tool of a quality
dialog: reporter.
dialog: Keep walking.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: She has wonderful. Posture.
dialog: BILLY (has to smile)
dialog: Yer know, I never notic...
speaker_heading: MELVILLE (O.S.)
text: JESUS F. CHRIST! YOU BOYS WANT THIS
dialog: STORY OR NOT?
text: Look up ahead to the bow, where a rolling bar has been set up.
text: BAYONET MELVILLE is mixing drinks. He has a florid face and
text: striking white hair. Dapper, arrogant, a guy with more money than
dialog: he's worked for. As we approach...
speaker_heading: MELVILLE
dialog: Ever seen anything like her?
text: Quoyle looks to the sour-faced middle-aged lady, who glances
text: disdainfully at us above her gimlet. SILVER MELVILLE used to be
text: pretty and rich. She's still rich.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (politely)
dialog: No sir, your wife is very lovl...
speaker_heading: MELVILLE
dialog: I mean. The ship.
text: Oh. Billy keeps a straight face. Silver ROLLS her eyes.
speaker_heading: MELVILLE
dialog: It was built for Hitler. You've
dialog: heard of Hitler? Up here in Canada?
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Oh, yessir. He was in all the
dialog: papers. Way back.
text: Silver snorts a laugh. Melville wonders if that was irony.
text: Looking at Quoyle, he doubts that's possible.
speaker_heading: MELVILLE
dialog: Finest botterjacht ever built in
text: Holland. Flat-bottomed, she can
text: go right up on shore in a storm.
text: Incredibly heavy, forty tons of oak.
dialog: Not unlike the barges of Henry VIII
dialog: and Elizabeth I.
speaker_heading: BILLY (helpful)
dialog: We heard a them, too.
speaker_heading: SILVER
dialog: Tell them what happened. In
dialog: Hurricane Bob.
text: He looks at his wife. Clear in a glance they hate each other's
dialog: guts. Go on, she nods. Tell it.
speaker_heading: MELVILLE
text: Pounded twelve beach houses.
dialog: Expensive ones. To rubble.
speaker_heading: SILVER
speaker_heading: WHAMM!
text: Drunk and mean. And smarter than he is.
speaker_heading: SILVER
dialog: Now tell them. Who let our
dialog: insurance lapse.
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: SILVER
dialog: Took six very expensive lawyers to
text: weasel us out of it. An inch from
dialog: bankruptcy.
text: She winks.
speaker_heading: SILVER
dialog: Moral of the story? When you marry
dialog: a tour guide. Confine his authority
dialog: to mixing the drinks. Same again,
dialog: dear?
text: And holds out her glass. Billy looks out to sea. Like he hasn't
dialog: heard this.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (cheerful)
dialog: So. What brings you folks up
dialog: from Long Island?
text: A beat. While husband and wife glare at each other.
speaker_heading: SILVER
dialog: My dining salon needs refitting.
dialog: And the best custom yacht upholsterer
dialog: in the Northern Hemisphere just
dialog: moved here. I was forced. To follow.
text: She turns to Quoyle. Who just gapes at her. Open-mouthed.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (softly)
dialog: Oh. My. God.
scene_heading: INT. GREEN HOUSE - DAY
text: Quoyle enters, impressed by the progress of the renovation.
text: Windows are in, walls patched, floor sanded, lights are working.
dialog: Through the place into...
text: ...the kitchen, which is in surprisingly usable shape. Agnis sits
text: alone at a butcher block table with a set of ledgers spread before
text: her. A large mug of tea. A bottle of Bushmill's Irish.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: You are a woman of mystery, Aunt.
text: Mystery and surprise.
speaker_heading: AGNIS (still working)
dialog: Silver Melville says you was out
dialog: there. Be nice in yer story, she's
dialog: payin' for a piece of this house.
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: You said upholstery. Never said
dialog: yacht uphol...
speaker_heading: AGNIS
dialog: ...never said not. Ask better
dialog: questions, you got a chance fer
dialog: better answers. Got my shop set
text: up in Killick-Claw, now.
text: Looks up. Sees he's dazzled by how she moves right along.
speaker_heading: AGNIS
text: Two good workers. Mrs. Mavis
text: Bangs is an old plow horse like
dialog: m'self. But Dawn...
text: She winks.
speaker_heading: AGNIS
dialog: Dawn's young and on the sexy
dialog: side. You oughta drop by and
dialog: say hullo.
text: He absorbs that. How fast can he change the subject?
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Where's Bunny?
text: Agnis looks at him. Reaches for the Bushmill's.
speaker_heading: AGNIS
text: Upstairs, in what will soon become
dialog: her room. She'll be all right.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: What does that mean?
text: She pours some whiskey into her tea cup.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Little early in the day f...
speaker_heading: AGNIS
dialog: Warren died today. That's what that means.
text: Drinks the whiskey. Stares straight in his eyes. Sees his sorrow.
dialog: The honesty in...
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Poor old girl.
dialog: Agnis deciding. Whether to tell him...
speaker_heading: AGNIS
dialog: I used to live with someone named
dialog: Warren. Died of cancer, after
dialog: nine years together. Dearest soul
dialog: on this earth.
text: Quoyle shocked. What can he say? His empathy so naked, so real,
text: even Agnis has to soften her voice...
speaker_heading: AGNIS
dialog: Went from the funeral, and bought
dialog: that dog. Named her Warren. Just
dialog: so I could say the name a hunnerd
dialog: times a day. Women are foolish, huh?
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: I never thought so.
text: A good moment for them. It holds a beat.
speaker_heading: AGNIS
text: Bunny wants to bury the dog with
dialog: me. But I told her I'd rather do
dialog: it alone.
text: Quoyle nods. Rises slowly. He'd better go to her.
speaker_heading: AGNIS
dialog: Some advice about the child?
dialog: Another sip.
speaker_heading: AGNIS
dialog: Don't get down on her level, the way
dialog: you do. She'll never respect you.
scene_heading: INT. BUNNY'S ROOM - DAY
text: Bunny sits on the floor in dim light, wearing an enormous blue
text: sweatshirt. Obviously dad's. Her naked Barbies sit in a semi-
text: circle watching her braid a meticulous loop out of the paper and
text: foil from chewing gum wrappers. Quoyle enters, and sits close
text: beside her. Watches in silence, as she works.
speaker_heading: BUNNY (not looking up)
dialog: Warren died today. She's not
text: coming back.
text: No tears. Just a hollow sound in her voice.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: That's the difference.
text: He knows what she means. Strokes her hair.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Another necklace, huh? Can
dialog: I help?
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: You can watch.
text: Okay. He looks at the Barbies.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Do I have to take my clothes off?
text: She looks up at him. Straight to his eyes.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: You look better with 'em on.
text: Goes back to work. He watches her.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: You know. You do look good
dialog: in blue.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - DAY
text: Quoyle driving the wagon, Dennis at his side. Up ahead on the
text: road, two figures. Herry holds tight to his mom's hand. Quoyle
text: pulls over, and they stop. Wavey squints at him, against the sun.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Give you folks a lift?
text: That extra beat before she says...
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: We're enjoyin' the walk, thank you.
text: Doesn't smile. Doesn't look angry either. Just comfortable.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Well. My aunt can't bring Bunny to
dialog: the daycare, she's got her shop now.
dialog: But I worked it out with my boss. So
dialog: I'll be bringin' her come next week.
dialog: No reaction.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: If that's all right.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: Love to have her. I'm sorry,
text: Mr. Quoyle, about the other time.
dialog: Women can be moody, you know. And
dialog: temperamental.
text: Now she smiles. One-tenth power. Still a dazzler.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Only the best ones.
text: Did she like that? Hard to tell. She looks around him...
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: Good afternoon, Dennis. Give our
text: respects to Beety and Marty.
text: He waves, will do. She takes Herry's hand, starts off down the
text: road. Quoyle sits and watches.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Excellent posture.
text: Quoyle looks over. His pal shrugs.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: People talk.
scene_heading: EXT. SHORELINE - SUNSET
text: Rear ANGLE of Agnis, walking over stones to the edge of the sea,
text: carrying something in her arms. Walking to meet the sun, as it
text: gives its last to the shimmering water. REVERSE ANGLE to see...
text: ...she carries her old dog. On a clean sheet. Rests the burden
text: gently down. The incoming tide laps over. The sheet billows in
text: it. She takes a step back.
speaker_heading: AGNIS
dialog: You were a good girl, Warren, no
dialog: trouble a'tall.
text: Surf rolls out. Swims back in. Flows around her friend.
scene_heading: EXT. GREEN HOUSE - DAY
text: An outhouse stands unobtrusively near the edge of the cliff. See
text: Agnis alone, approaching. Something in her hand. As she reaches
dialog: the outhouse, we see it is...
text: ...the ziploc bag. With her brother's ashes. She gazes back at
text: the house now. Then, at the bag...
speaker_heading: AGNIS (cold, low)
dialog: Hope ya like. What we done with
dialog: the place.
text: She opens the door, enters. Stares down into the deep hole.
text: Unzips the bag, and...
text: ...TIPS the ashes DOWN INTO the hole. Watch them in SLO-MO,
text: falling free. Hear the rustle of Agnis lifting her skirts, and...
text: CLOSE ANGLE on Agnis' face. Staring out at the sea through a small
text: crack in the outhouse wall. HEAR the splatter as she voids
dialog: herself.
speaker_heading: AGNIS (a murmur)
dialog: Welcome home.
scene_heading: INT. WAVEY'S PARLOR - DAY
text: Daycare in progress. The comfy parlor has been given over to the
text: kids. A wall of Polaroids of each child faces a map of
text: Newfoundland with drawings of moose, caribou, and lobster. Little
text: Herry sits alone in a doorway, watching with big eyes as...
text: ...Quoyle, Bunny astride his back, RAMPAGES around the parlor on
text: all fours, SNORTING like a crazed boar. The kids are squealing,
text: delighted, making excited little runs at him, swatting him with
text: throw pillows and rolled-up sweaters. Thrill of the hunt.
text: Wavey comes through the doorway, drying her hands, just behind
text: where her boy sits. Quoyle doesn't see her, he's thrashing and
text: bellowing, lost in the game. She watches, for a long beat. Then
text: leans down to Herry.
speaker_heading: WAVEY (a whisper)
dialog: Go on. Get the pig.
text: Herry grins like the devil. Dashes off to PLOW INTO the prey,
text: knocking them sprawling. Kids PILING on.
text: Wavey's unseen smile. The start of something?
scene_heading: INT. WAVEY'S KITCHEN - LATER
text: CLOSE on Quoyle. He is happily washing a mountain of dishes and
dialog: cups.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
text: So the Newfie drills another hole
text: in the ice, aways off from the first
text: one. Once again, the voice booms,
dialog: NO FISH DOWN HERE!
text: PULL BACK to see Wavey beside him. She's drying what he washes.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
text: So he moves way down the ice.
text: Drills another hole. Voice comes
dialog: again, I SAID, NO FISH DOWN HERE!
text: They don't look at each other. Poker-faced, just alike, working
text: side by side.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
text: The Newfie looks around. Still
dialog: nobody. Hollers, WHO ARE YA?
dialog: THE VOICE O' GOD? Voice comes
dialog: back, NO! THE ARENA MANAGER!
text: He can't help but snort out a chuckle of his own. Sneaks a look
text: over at her, and she...
text: ...laughs out loud. Healthy. Sexy, even. But from the delay, he
dialog: guesses...
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Heard it before, huh?
text: She looks over at him. Her eyes dance a little.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: Sometimes, passion in performance.
text: Beats the element of surprise.
text: And he is lost in those eyes. Knows it's showing. Glances away to
dialog: where...
text: ...Bunny sits in a corner. Reading to a rapt Herry.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: You guys hungry?
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: Shhh. I'm teaching Herry to read.
dialog: Just like I did Warren.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Is he learnin'?
text: Bunny looks over at him. He is so dumb.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: First is the teaching part. The
text: learning comes later.
text: Herry nods. Later. And out of the blue...
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: Wavey? Now are the berries ready
dialog: to pick?
text: Quoyle looks over to the woman. But instead of Wavey, he sees
text: PETAL, staring at him with slow predatory heat.
speaker_heading: PETAL
dialog: Want to pick my berries, do you.
dialog: Should I climb right up on this sink?
text: And then, once more she is...
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: Almost. Almost ready. You know,
dialog: it's all about timing.
text: Quoyle. Takes note.
scene_heading: INT. GAMMY BIRD - DAY
text: Quoyle alone in the office, pretending to peck away at a story.
dialog: Actually, he's looking...
text: ...through the window. Where Jack Buggit, Tert Card, Billy Pretty
text: and Nutbeem are all circling around a small, roughly-made boat,
text: attached to its rented trailer. They are talking to each other in
dialog: learned tones. A Talmudic chat. And...
text: ...in they come. First through the door...
speaker_heading: CARD
dialog: That's yer boat.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Said it was.
speaker_heading: CARD
dialog: One question remains. Why.
dialog: Is that. Yer boat?
text: Uh-oh. He looks from one face to another. Even Billy is
text: irritated. Nutbeem gazes down, embarrassed for him.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Well. A boat's a boa...
speaker_heading: CARD
dialog: It's a shit boat. Best thing,
dialog: get rid of it some dark night.
text: Quoyle can't believe this. Hot shame burns.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Go hire Alvin Yark to build ya a
dialog: sweet little rodney. This thing's
dialog: a wallowing cockeyed bastard that'll
text: sink in a bathtub.
text: And standing in the doorway, the scariest sight of all. The boss.
text: Just shaking his head.
speaker_heading: JACK (sadly)
dialog: You don't have the sense God gave
dialog: a doughnut, do ya?
dialog: The word from Sinai on Quoyle's worth. A pity.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I'm goin' fishin'.
text: Out the door with a SLAMM! Quoyle stares hopelessly after him.
speaker_heading: NUTBEEM
dialog: Don't jump off a bridge over it.
dialog: Anyone can make a brainless, asinine,
text: devastatingly revealing blunder.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (actually means this)
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: CARD
dialog: What in th' furry pit of Newfie hell.
dialog: Is this!?
text: Holds up some sheets of paper. Photos of the Melvilles'
dialog: botterjacht. Reads...
speaker_heading: CARD
dialog: Hitler's Barge...?
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
text: That goes with the shipping news.
text: Profile of a vessel in port.
speaker_heading: CARD
dialog: What about the car accident?
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: That's the one I didn't do. Mrs.
text: Diddolate sprained her wrist. Period.
text: Card still reading.
speaker_heading: CARD
dialog: So you didn't do the one Jack told
dialog: yer to do, and you did one he don't
dialog: know yer did!
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Pretty mu...
speaker_heading: CARD
dialog: This copy. Is worse. Than yer boat.
text: He looks up. Equal parts disgust and delight.
speaker_heading: CARD
dialog: Jack even sniffs this, he cuts you
dialog: up fer lobster bait. I've half a
dialog: mind to run it.
text: Quoyle straightens his spine.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Run it.
text: Strides off for the door. Turns back...
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: As for the part about you havin'
dialog: half a mind? No comment.
text: Out the door. SLAMM harder than Jack's.
scene_heading: EXT. GAMMY BIRD - DAY
text: Quoyle stumbling toward his wagon with vacant eyes.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (V.O.)
dialog: Headline. Reporter Disembowels
dialog: Self With Rusty Joke.
scene_heading: EXT. GREEN HOUSE ROOF - DAY
text: Quoyle in a carpenter's belt, climbing very carefully from a ladder
text: onto the roof. His vertigo apparent as he keeps to his hands and
text: knees, trying to fight the compulsion to look down. Gives in to
text: it, peering from the corner of his eye down the cliff, the rocks,
dialog: the sea so far below. Not a good 1dea.
text: Comes to the shingles. Eases his way into a fearful crouch. Okay.
text: Starts hammering. And rehearsing.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Jack, I completely understand, I
dialog: would fire me, too.
text: Nodding, in time to the hammer strokes.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
text: In a heartbeat.
text: Hammers LOUDER, speaking in rhythm...
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: You give me a chance, and what
dialog: happens? I buy the wrong boat,
dialog: I write the wrong story, I am the
dialog: lowest form of alleged life. In
dialog: fact, your comment...
text: Stops.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: ...was an insult to the doughnut.
text: Hear now what the hammering had masked. Someone is reaching the
text: top of the ladder, climbing onto the roof.
text: Bunny. Somehow she has managed to climb while carrying a sandwich
text: on a plate. And an open bottle of soda. He stares at her,
text: uncomprehending.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: Egg salad and Nehi grape.
text: She sets them down. Stands UP on the steep pitch.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (shocked stupid)
dialog: Baby...
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: They're mine but I'll share.
text: As the plate and bottle slip neatly OFF the roof and, after a
text: noticeable beat, shatter softly far below. Bunny's turn to be
text: shocked. She's contemplating going after them.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: DON'T MOVE!!
dialog: Okay, that was a little loud. It has also scared the kid out of
text: her wits. Quoyle regrets this. Starts scooching awkwardly down
dialog: the slope, inches at a time...
dialog: QUOYLE (too casual)
dialog: We're gonna play Wait For Daddy.
dialog: Can you play that?
text: She's just staring over the side. Hypnotized by the sight. He's
text: slipping toward her. Toward the edge.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: And if you don't move. Until I
dialog: get there. Then...
text: Closer, reaching toward her back...
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: ...then you win!
text: ...GRABS her arm, she STARTLES, violently LURCHING, but he YANKS
text: her to him. Holds her to his heart. Holds her. He is breathing
text: like a freight train.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: That. Was so easy.
scene_heading: INT. GAMMY BIRD - MORNING
text: Jack Buggit enters with energy. Looks around. Billy's typing,
text: Nutbeem's reading. Quoyle is cleaning out his desk, pulling things
text: off his little shelf to pack away. Goofy photo of Bunny. Ceramic
text: child-made three-legged turtle. Tiny padded box with what looks to
text: be carefully-preserved empty eggshells.
text: Jack heads toward him.
speaker_heading: CARD
dialog: Did ya see the Hitler's barge
dialog: piece, Jocko?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I saw it. And heard from some
dialog: who'd done the same.
dialog: (to Quoyle)
dialog: Good. Neatness.
text: Quoyle turns. Pretty much all his possessions are in a big
text: cardboard box. Jack peers into it.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Reorganize. Start over. Good
dialog: thinking.
text: But he's smiling. Like he's got the point.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Thing about the barge piece? I
dialog: just thought it'd perk up th...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Got six phone calls 'bout that
dialog: piece. Six. That'd be like half
dialog: a million calls in Toronto.
text: Grasps Quoyle around the back of the neck.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: People liked it, old son. Crowd
dialog: went down to the dock t'see the
text: thing, but it'd already pulled out.
text: Quoyle stares, slack-faced into the elfin eyes...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Course you don't know anything
dialog: about boats, but that's entertaining,
dialog: too. So go ahead with it. That's
dialog: the kinda stuff I want, see?
text: Just now, Card's jaw is scraping his boot tops.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: From now on, you write a column every
dialog: week. The Shipping News. Gonna order
dialog: you a computer and everything. And
dialog: y'know the beauty part...?
text: Quoyle doesn't.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I don't have to tell Card all
dialog: over again, cause he's already
dialog: eavesdroppin'. So I'm free to
dialog: take m'leave.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Goin' fishin'?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Ah. You've an instinct for character
text: and idiosyncrasy, old son.
text: A wink. He heads toward the door. And never looking at him...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Zip yer fly, Card.
text: Card looks down. He zips up, as the door slams. Billy Pretty
text: sends Quoyle a thumbs-up, without turning. Nutbeem clasps his
text: hands above his head, like a winning prizefighter.
text: Quoyle slides a sheet of paper into his typewriter. Stares at it.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (V.O.)
dialog: Thirty-eight years. First time
dialog: anybody said you done it right.
scene_heading: INT. AGNIS' SHOP - DAY
text: A woman looks up from her stitching. She is solidly built, pushing
text: 60, Emily Dickinson hair. A cheerful, calmly butch way about her.
dialog: Trustworthy eyes.
speaker_heading: AGNIS
dialog: Nephew, this is Mavis Bangs. A real
dialog: professional.
text: Mavis holds out a hearty hand. Agnis is showing him the shop. A
text: cutting table, two sewing stations. Billowing sailcloth hung over
text: the windows. Racks of leathers and fabrics.
speaker_heading: AGNIS
dialog: And this is Dawn Budgel. She's a
dialog: vegetarian.
text: Dawn, once described by Agnis as young and on the sexy side, is
text: that. Red lipstick and nails. Her eyes float up in a way that
text: suggests reflexive sensuality. Agnis nods to her, and the girl
text: reaches a slender pale hand...
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: Agnis is always saying such...things
dialog: about you. It's nice to fit a man.
dialog: With the name.
text: And as she releases his hand, her eyes flick to Agnis. Some
text: conspiracy there. Quoyle follows his aunt back to the big cutting
dialog: table.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: I just, uh, came to see if you'd
dialog: heard abou..
speaker_heading: AGNIS
dialog: Silver Melville? Snuck off in the
dialog: night, they did. Not a penny paid
dialog: for all we done.
text: Shows him sheets of baby blue leather.
speaker_heading: AGNIS
dialog: We'd installed the banquettes in
dialog: her salon. Three of the chairs done
dialog: and delivered, three to go...
text: Points to them. A neat row by the makeshift kitchenette.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: That's. That's just terrible.
dialog: But Agnis is thinking...
speaker_heading: AGNIS
dialog: Strange. Leavin' the chairs.
text: And as he glances off, he sees Dawn across the way. Her skirt
text: hiked up, as if she were adjusting a stocking.
text: She isn't wearing any.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLSIDE - DAY
text: Billowy clouds frame a languid KITE, silver and sleek, darting this
dialog: way and that. Graceful, in command of the currents.
speaker_heading: WAVEY (O.S.)
text: HERRY PROWSE! LOOK HOW WELL YOUR
dialog: KITE IS DOING!
text: See her now, seated atop a grassy slope. It is she who holds the
text: string, and her boy is way down at the bottom of the hill with
text: Bunny. Blue jumper billowing, the girl is teaching him how to make
text: necklaces from wildflowers and garbage bag twisty-ties. Herry and
text: the naked Barbies watch with great attention. The learning will
dialog: come later.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: ARE YOU MAKING IT DANCE WITH
dialog: YOUR THOUGHTS?
text: On this he looks up. Serious.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
text: KEEP THINKING YOUR THOUGHTS!
text: YOUR KITE IS DOING SO MUCH BETTER
scene_heading: THAN MR. QUOYLE'S!
text: PULL BACK slightly to reveal that Quoyle has been sitting right
text: beside her all along. He holds the string of a big, glum kite that
text: hangs motionless in space with barely a flutter. As she watches
text: the kids, he stares at her, fixedly deciding whether to ask...
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (barely audible)
dialog: Do you think Bunny's. Strange?
text: Wavey looks over. Sees that he's worried half to death.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: In New York. They said she had a...
dialog: personality disorder.
speaker_heading: WAVEY (softly)
dialog: And it was named Petal.
dialog: Do you understand that?
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: All these hallucin...
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: The White Dog. Sometimes with the
dialog: Skinny Ghost. Kids do things like
dialog: that, it's called imagination. Like
dialog: the necklaces.
dialog: The necklaces, yeh. A thought that frightens him.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: You know how many she makes?
dialog: She does.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: It's a skill, she's proud of it. And
dialog: she brings her dolls along. And she
text: looks good in blue. And she wears a
dialog: key for a good luck charm.
dialog: Her kind smile. No big deal.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
text: And she's saving her mother a room.
dialog: Did she tell you that?
text: Wavey's slow nod.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: She talks to her at night. I can
text: hear through the door.
text: Very quiet now. The wind. The kites.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: You know how kids think. You have
dialog: all those books.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: The ones I read to teach Herry.
dialog: They don't make me an exp...
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (blurting)
dialog: Just. Is she okay?
text: That was naked. He swallows.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: I mean. If you had to guess..
dialog: Too serious a subject. Too good a woman. For an easy lie.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: That child is the only friend my son
dialog: ever had. So she's strange, you bet.
text: She swallows, too. Her eyes are damp.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: I love that little girl. And I will
dialog: see to it. That she's all right.
dialog: Hold the look.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: And I don't have to guess about it.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - LATER
text: Quoyle RUNNING, huffing, through a bog with every color of berries
text: imaginable. Around another bend in the path. Stops. Hands on his
dialog: knees.
dialog: Listens. Nothing. Shit.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: IF YOU GUYS AREN'T CHASING ME, I'M
text: GONNA BE COMPLETELY CHEESED OFF!
text: More nothing. He trudges back the way he came. Peeks around a
dialog: bend to see...
text: ...Bunny is teaching Berry to pick gooseberries. This time, the
text: learning has started. They are being very careful.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: If you pick enough, we can sell 'em
dialog: for a thousand dollars. And give it
dialog: to Aunt Agnis to make up for those
dialog: Staties who didn't pay h...
speaker_heading: BUNNY (means business)
dialog: Then don't. Slow us. Down.
text: Quoyle SLAPS his hands across his mouth. Sorry! He tiptoes off.
text: Rounds a bend. Walking faster now...
text: Around another bend. And stops. Hold on his face. REVERSE ANGLE
dialog: to take his view of...
text: ...Petal, kneeling in a flimsy sundress, picking berries.
text: Barefoot, her skirt hiked up, stained with berry juice. And when
text: she turns to him...
text: ...she is still Petal. Her face is beautiful, and filled with
text: tender desire. She looks at him the way he has always dreamed she
dialog: would. He goes to...
text: ...kneel beside her. Touch her waist. And now she is...
text: ...another woman. His hand is on Wavey's waist, and it comes
text: slowly away. But her eyes are locked to his. Making her choice.
speaker_heading: WAVEY (very soft)
dialog: Look. I like you.
text: Even in kindness, he can smell rejection. He starts to back away,
text: but she takes his hand. Holds it.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: I want us. To be friends, okay?
text: He nods, dumbly. Of course. Okay.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: And friends. Need. To understand
dialog: each other.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (so sorry)
dialog: I understand. Believe m...
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: My husband drowned. Herry was...
text: Hard for her. He quiets.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: He was two months old. And Herold
dialog: took the boat out. Overnight. To
dialog: fish for haddock.
dialog: Do you understand?
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: Because I liked. Haddock.
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: It's four years.
text: She stares in his eyes.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: And it's yesterday.
dialog: No smile.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: Now, did I blow it. Or can you
dialog: still be my friend?
dialog: A beat. Quoyle nods, sure. I'll be your friend. But what she
text: sees is a lifetime of being Quoyle washing past his eyes. It makes
dialog: her murmur...
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: What? What are you thinking?
dialog: And from his heart...
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: I'm thinking I'm sorry. For
dialog: everything.
text: He stands up. HEAR him stumble off. HOLD on her.
scene_heading: EXT. GREEN HILLSIDE - DAY
text: A grassy place above an empty sea. The rest of the world far away.
text: Two figures climb the gentle hill.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: How're you doin' with the Tall
dialog: and Quiet Woman?
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Cindy Crawford and me is doin' fine.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: I meant Wavey Prowse.
dialog: Oh.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: My dad used to say there's four
dialog: women in every man's life. The
dialog: Stouthearted Woman...
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Oh, that'd be Agnis.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: ...the Maid in the Meadow...
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (has to think)
dialog: Bunny I guess. Weavin' a daisy-chain
dialog: necklace.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: ...the Tall and Quiet Woman...
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Well. She does have that posture
dialog: goin'.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: ...and the Demon Lover.
text: On this. Quoyle's smile fades. He looks away. They've reached a
text: fence where blunt pickets enclose crosses and wooden markers, many
text: fallen on the ground.
speaker_heading: BILLY (wistful)
dialog: Me dad said that.
text: Billy finds the right marker. Sets his satchel onto the grass.
text: Kneels. His old fingers clear debris from painted words:
scene_heading: W. PRETTY. 1897 - 1944. THROUGH THE GREAT STORMS OF LIFE, HE
scene_heading: DID HIS BEST. GOD GRANT HIM ETERNAL REST.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: That's me poor father. Thirteen
dialog: I was when he died.
text: He hears the thread of feeling in his simple words. And says no
text: more. Withdraws two cans of paint from his bag. One white, one
text: black. Two brushes. Lays them out carefully, for this task is
dialog: sacred.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Every time I wonder. Is this the
dialog: last coat?
text: Pries the lid off the tin of black. And when he sees Quoyle's
dialog: eyes...
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Well, there's no one else to do
dialog: it, y'see.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (straight back)
dialog: There is now.
text: An easy smile. Stating the obvious.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: There's me.
text: The old man's face just stops. The eyes sharpen. Into a question.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Well, you said. There's no
dialog: one else.
dialog: As if that were enough.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Hey. If you wanna rest next to
dialog: him. I'll paint yours at the same
dialog: time. No extra trouble.
text: Billy stares at him. Stares at him. Clears his throat, gruffly.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Then better get Alvin Yark.
dialog: T'build yer a real boat. So
dialog: yer'll be around.
scene_heading: EXT. GREEN HOUSE - DAY
text: Quoyle exits the house, pulling on his jacket, and...
text: ...stops. Something laid across his threshold. A long piece of
text: TWINE has been placed there. KNOTS tied evenly along its length.
text: He glances back up to the second floor, thinking Bunny. Looks at
text: the thing again. Neat work. Odd. Slips it in his pocket.
scene_heading: EXT. CLIFFSIDE - DAY
text: Quoyle now making his way down a steep primitive trail through lush
text: vegetation. The green house is far above him. The shimmering bay
text: now just below. This way down as treacherous as it is wondrous,
text: and Quoyle SLIPS in the tangle and wet, half-slides through wild
text: angelica stalks and patches of dogberry, suddenly...
text: ...LOSING his balance, TUMBLING roughly down a stretch, rolling,
text: grasping a spruce trunk. Pulling himself to his feet, he hears...
text: RUSTLING. Looks up, just as...
text: ...a WHITE DOG appears through the bushes. Red eyes. Lips curled
text: back. A frozen second of mutual indecision, and Quoyle...
text: ...SCREAMS and falls on his butt. The dog...
text: ...TAKES OFF, bounding down a path we hadn't noticed. Toward an
text: upright SILHOUETTE. Who steps into sun just long enough to
dialog: become...
text: ...a MAN, grizzled and scrawny and quick. Gone in a flash. Like a
text: skinny ghost. And there, on his butt...
text: ...Quoyle laughs softly. How 'bout that? Murmurs...
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Attaway, girl. You're smarter'n all
dialog: of us.
text: As he climbs to his feet, he sees the rocky beach just below.
text: Squints, as if at something that doesn't belong. We see it now...
text: ...a SUITCASE, washed up onto a tangle of rocks, just offshore.
text: ANGLE...Quoyle wading into the water. Up to his knees, slips,
text: sinks to his waist. Stays upright. Snatches the suitcase from its
text: perch. Brings it back to shore, holding it high. Already, he is
text: making the face of someone smelling something he'd rather not.
text: He sets it down. The face is worse. His curiosity running the
text: show, he unhooks the latch...
text: ...and stops. Because he's staring inside. Suddenly, he SCREAMS
text: and FLAILS back, his leg STRIKING the case, and out tumbles onto
dialog: the wet ground...
dialog: ...the head. Of Bayonet Melville.
scene_heading: INT. SKIPPER WILL'S DINER - NIGHT
text: Three guys. Three beers. Five squidburgers (Quoyle likes his
text: backups ready and waiting).
speaker_heading: CARD
dialog: Y'know none a that impresses Jack
dialog: Buggit. He's not one fer blatant
dialog: ambition.
text: Quoyle thinks better of his answer. Chomps a bite instead.
speaker_heading: NUTBEEM
dialog: Even if you don't recognize 'Human
dialog: Head Packed in Satchel' as the most
dialog: compelling piece ever to appear in...
speaker_heading: CARD (snorts)
dialog: Even if.
text: ...takes his hand from his greasy burger. Scratches his crotch
text: below the table.
speaker_heading: NUTBEEM
dialog: A triple increase in ad revenue.
text: Does get. The man's attention.
text: And winks at the silent hero.
speaker_heading: CARD
dialog: Weren't even double if yer figger
dialog: it right.
dialog: (to Quoyle)
dialog: Point is. A real reporter woulda
text: named the obvious suspect.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: More obvious. Than the wife?
speaker_heading: CARD
dialog: Yer aunt, ya thick Statie lardface
dialog: dumbass!
text: Quoyle. And Nutbeem. Just look at each other.
speaker_heading: CARD
text: She gets stiffed by the guy, after
dialog: basin' her new shop on that revenue.
dialog: And she ain't one ta fool with.
dialog: Capable a anything, that woman!
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (angry now)
dialog: Okay, where's the wife? Agnis kill
dialog: her too?
speaker_heading: CARD
dialog: Okay, where's this week's shipping
dialog: news? Or you gonna rest on yer
text: Crisco-coated laurels.
text: Quoyle viciously BITES into his squidburger.
speaker_heading: CARD
dialog: Uh-oh. The way he's chewin', he ain't
dialog: a fat boy t'be trifled with!
speaker_heading: NUTBEEM (quietly)
dialog: His piece. Is about oil tankers.
text: Card blinks. Looks at Quoyle with, dare we say, new respect.
speaker_heading: CARD
dialog: Hope fer ya yet. Now that's
text: news, the McGonigle oil field.
text: Petrodollars, a golden flood a jobs.
dialog: That's th'future a this god-forsaken
dialog: ice rock. Civilization!
text: Scratches his crotch savagely. To honor civilization.
speaker_heading: CARD
dialog: That's why those with half a brain
dialog: already put our money where our
dialog: mouths is!
text: Puts his squidburger. Where his mouth is. Nutbeem clarifies for
dialog: Quoyle...
speaker_heading: NUTBEEM
dialog: Two shares. Of Mobil.
scene_heading: INT. WAVEY'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: ANGLE...brightly lit kitchen. Bunny sits at the little table, a
text: large mixing bowl filled with popcorn before her, little Herry at
text: her side. They are watching Freakazoid on a tiny TV. Bunny
text: shovels in a mouthful of popcorn. Then makes a sage, if
text: unintelligible, comment about the show to Herry. Still chewing,
text: she takes another huge handful of popcorn...
text: ...Herry opens his mouth like a baby bird. Bunny stuffs the snack
text: in. It's a stare-and-chew, side by side. Just alike.
text: ANGLE...cozy parlor. Quoyle sits in a Barca-lounger with a huge
text: bowl of chips in his lap. He is watching hockey on a modest TV,
text: the action is fierce. Stuffs his mouth full of chips, yet somehow
dialog: manages to say...
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: ...so there they were, this goofy
text: old codger and his dog, big as life.
text: PULL BACK to see Wavey now. Curled on the sofa, under a lap robe.
text: She is knitting something in a heavy oxblood-colored wool. He
text: watches her work.
speaker_heading: WAVEY (softly)
dialog: That'd be old Nolan. He's actually
dialog: your uncle, last of the crazy Quoyles.
dialog: I should have realized.
text: Keeps her eyes on her work.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: Sad, really. Lives like a hermit
text: in a run-down shack. No one to
dialog: look after h...
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Here I was worried about Bunny night
dialog: and day, and there's absolutely
dialog: nothing wrong with her.
text: A silence. Which makes him uneasy.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Her only problem is her dad worries
dialog: too mu...
dialog: WAVEY (not looking up)
dialog: You are a loving and wonderful father.
dialog: You're not the problem.
dialog: She meant to reassure him. Instead...
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: So what is th...
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: Nice to see you.
text: Looks up with smoky eyes.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: ...after all this time.
dialog: Oh.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Well. I've been workin' longer hours.
dialog: So Dennis and Beety were kind enough
dialog: to bring Bunny to the daycare. Fed
dialog: her a lotta meals, too. They're real
dialog: friends.
text: Quoyle's smile tries to sell the innocence of his absence.
speaker_heading: WAVEY (very quiet)
dialog: I thought you forgot. That I'm your
dialog: friend, too.
text: No smile from her. She wants him to know she was hurt. He shakes
dialog: his head, serious now. No, I didn't forget.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: You want another sandwich? There's
text: roast pork.
text: He holds up what's left of his four-decker. This is plenty. Takes
text: a huge bite to show how much he likes it.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: You said. You'd read me your
dialog: article.
text: He did, he nods. But just now he's scared to. And so she smiles.
text: Which traps him. He pulls out a single sheet of paper. Clears his
dialog: throat.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Nobody Hangs a Picture of an Oil
dialog: Tanker. That's the header.
text: She nods. Likes that. He gestures, go back to your knitting. So
text: she smiles, slyly. And commences to knit.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (reads)
text: There's a 1904 photo hung in the
text: library. Eight schooners heading
text: out to fishing grounds, sails spread
text: it like white wings. Beautiful. Beyond
dialog: compare.
text: This means something to him. Hear it in his voice.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (reads)
dialog: More common today is the low black
dialog: profile of oil tankers. Like the
dialog: ruptured Golden Goose, which last
dialog: week bled 14,000 tons of crude onto
text: seabirds, fish and boats at Cape
dialog: Despond.
text: He stops. As if revisiting that little thought in his mind.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (reads)
dialog: There will be more and more tankers.
dialog: They will grow old and corroded, and
text: their tanks will split. They have
dialog: already done to fishing. What their
dialog: spill has done to fish.
text: He sneaks a glance. She has never looked up.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (reads)
text: Nobody hangs a picture of an oil
text: tanker. On their wall.
text: Silence. A full one.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Well. Whatcha think?
text: She reflects.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: I think when Card sees it, he'll
dialog: split a gut. I think he'll sit up
dialog: nights thinking of cheap shots to pay
dialog: you back. I think he'll never stop
dialog: until you're fired.
text: Quoyle keeps nodding at each point. Yep. Yep.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: I think I haven't been so proud. Of
dialog: a friend. Since I don't know when.
text: Quoyle's heart explodes in his chest. And shines in his eyes.
text: There is a long silence.
speaker_heading: WAVEY (softly)
dialog: Maybe another sandwich. There's
text: roast pork.
text: He swallows. He just doesn't want to cry from happiness.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Well, sure.
scene_heading: INT. GAMMY BIRD - DAY
text: CLOSE on Card. Who is RIPPING the single page in half. Then
text: again. And again. And again. See Quoyle now, standing at the
text: desk like a statue. Billy and Nutbeem at their stations, watching
dialog: as Card...
text: ...flutters the pieces down onto his desk. Like falling snow.
speaker_heading: CARD
dialog: Oh, I'll run it. Just easier
dialog: t'copy edit. When yer can move
dialog: th'pieces around.
text: A hush. A frozen tableau in this room.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Run it. Like I wrote it.
speaker_heading: CARD
dialog: How does this suit yer, Quoyle?
dialog: I'll do my job. You do yers, which
text: means a four-vehicle pile-up south
dialog: a Killick-Claw. And don't ferget
dialog: the camera.
text: He slides the battered camera across the desk. They glare at each
text: other a full beat. Card belches, softly. Quoyle takes the camera,
text: heads for the door...
speaker_heading: CARD
dialog: I fergot somethin'.
text: Quoyle turns. Card doesn't.
speaker_heading: CARD
dialog: You pinko Greepeace sack a quivering
dialog: pigfat.
dialog: Thinks.
speaker_heading: CARD
dialog: Did I leave out moosebutt-ugly?
dialog: (nods to himself)
dialog: You may go.
text: HOLD on him. Making a neat little pile of the torn pieces.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (O.S.)
dialog: Like I wrote it.
text: SLAMM! Across the room, Nutbeem stands. Takes his cigarettes.
text: Passing Card's desk, on the way out...
speaker_heading: NUTBEEM
dialog: Tough love. Impressive.
text: SLAMM! Card shoots Billy a challenging look. You got something to
dialog: say?
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: I hope you get him fired.
dialog: Do you.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: So I can watch him beat yer to jelly.
text: Just turns around. Flicks ON his computer. Back to work.
scene_heading: EXT. GREEN HOUSE - TWILIGHT
text: Bunny jumping out of the wagon, running to the house. As Quoyle
text: locks his car...
speaker_heading: BUNNY (O.S.)
dialog: Why'd you leave the house open?
text: He looks up. She is pushing the front door with one finger. It
text: swings OPEN.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: Can I keep the necklace?
text: ...and lifts a long piece of TWINE. There are KNOTS neatly tied
text: along its length. Quoyle stares. Stares.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (calm)
dialog: Sweetie. Come sit in the car.
scene_heading: INT. FRONT HALLWAY - TWILIGHT
text: Quoyle climbing the stairs in fading light. He carries a tire
text: iron. Stops midway. Listens to the silence.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
text: IF ANYBODY'S THERE, YOU BETTER COME
dialog: OUT NOW!
text: Up, up, to the top. Looking down the empty hall to see...
text: ...knotted twine. At every door.
scene_heading: INT. GAMMY BIRD - EARLY MORNING
text: Quoyle enters, haggard and distracted. The place is lit, but
text: empty. A toilet FLUSHES. From the loo, appears...
speaker_heading: CARD
dialog: S'tell me. Yer fancy it?
text: Nodding toward something behind Quoyle. Turning, we see that
text: hanging over Card's desk is an oversized framed photo of: QUIET
text: EYE - WORLD'S LARGEST OIL TANKER. Quoyle stares blankly.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Like I said. Nobody hangs those.
text: Card just goes to the fresh stack of newspapers on his desk. Hands
dialog: one toward Quoyle...
speaker_heading: CARD
dialog: Yer column's front page stuff. Only
dialog: now, it's more like a caption, is all.
text: A photo of the same tanker. That hangs on Card's wall.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (reads)
text: More than 3000 tankers proudly ride
dialog: the world's seas. Even the biggest
dialog: take advantage of Newfoundland's deep-
dialog: water ports and refineries.
speaker_heading: CARD
dialog: Spelled everthin' perfect. So as not
dialog: t'embarrass yer.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (reading)
dialog: Oil and Newfoundland go together like
dialog: ham and eggs, and like ham and eggs
dialog: they'll nourish us in the coming
dialog: years.
speaker_heading: CARD
dialog: Even put yer name on it.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (finishes reading)
dialog: Let's all hang a picture of an oil
text: tanker. On our wall.
text: Stares at the paper. In his hand.
speaker_heading: CARD
dialog: Man a yer principles. I unnerstan'
dialog: resignation is th'only honorable
dialog: course.
text: Quoyle looks up. Card flinches back. But all that comes is...
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: How can a man resign. To nobody?
text: Drops the paper on the floor. Steps on it, on his way toward the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: CARD
dialog: If yer off to see Jack Buggit,
dialog: yer'll hafta swim some.
text: Quoyle turns back.
speaker_heading: CARD
dialog: Yer can whine an' beg t'him. But I
text: runs his paper, every inch of it,
dialog: every dirty time-eatin' job which he
dialog: would have t'do without me.
text: A wink.
speaker_heading: CARD
dialog: An' if yer think he's gonna choose
dialog: you over fishin'...yer not as smart as
dialog: even you look!
text: The cackle of the guy holding the straight flush.
speaker_heading: CARD
dialog: Me an' Jack. Has a sym-bi-otic
dialog: relationship. Yer can look that up.
text: Quoyle puts his hand on the door.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: I know the word, Card. It means
dialog: you two deserve each other.
text: Out the door. It closes behind him. Card alone, crosses his arms
dialog: in glee...
speaker_heading: CARD
dialog: I'LL TELL JACK YER SAID SO!
scene_heading: HOLD on Card. DISSOLVE TO...
scene_heading: INT. GAMMY BIRD - DAY
text: CLOSE on a box of assorted doughnuts. Two dozen. A hand reaches
text: down toward a raspberry swirl, thinks better of it, moves
text: thoughtfully along the selection to pluck a maple glaze, and bring
dialog: it to...
text: ...Quoyle's mouth. The box rests beside the cardboard carton into
text: which Quoyle is packing his things. Nutbeem sits on the edge of
text: the desk, nibbling a cruller. Billy is bringing three mugs of
text: coffee. Looks like a going-away party. Through the glass of the
dialog: only private office...
text: ...Jack Buggit is talking. Card is not. Card stands now, strides
text: to the door, flings it OPEN. Nutbeem taps Quoyle's shoulder with
text: his pastry. They look to...
speaker_heading: CARD
dialog: So. This is what Jack and I think.
text: He's looking straight in Quoyle's eyes. Defiant as ever.
speaker_heading: CARD
dialog: We wanna run Quoyle's oil spill
dialog: piece b'cause controversy sells
text: papers and papers sells ads.
speaker_heading: NUTBEEM
dialog: Sounds reasonable to me.
text: Lives to needle this guy. Card keeps his laser gaze on Quoyle.
speaker_heading: CARD
dialog: And we're gonna let Quoyle have
dialog: his head on these columns, up to
dialog: 500 words. So he'll get his
dialog: confidence up.
speaker_heading: NUTBEEM
dialog: Well, let's not go overboard. He's
dialog: rather green doncha thi...
speaker_heading: CARD
dialog: But we wanna expand his responsi-
dialog: bilities to boat crashes. There's
dialog: maybe four a week.
speaker_heading: NUTBEEM
dialog: He'll need a raise. And need to be
dialog: represented in the negotia...
speaker_heading: CARD
dialog: And. The oil tanker picture. Stays!
text: Nutbeem's eyes WIDEN. He mimes catching an arrow shot through his
text: chest. Falls OFF the desk.
speaker_heading: CARD (to Quoyle)
dialog: All that clear?
text: Quoyle looks him in the eyes. Starts putting his things back in
dialog: his desk.
speaker_heading: CARD
dialog: One more thing...
dialog: Hear the SLAMM!
dialog: QUOYLE (never looks up)
dialog: Jack's gone fishing?
scene_heading: EXT. OMALOOR BAY - DAY
text: The sky threatens black. Quoyle picks his way across the rocks to
text: his ungainly, much-maligned boat, as it bobs against the weathered
text: dock. He crouches, and as he begins to untie it, his gaze drifts
text: out toward the nearby point, and...
text: ...something catches his eye. A boulder in the shape of a great
text: dog. And as he stares, there is something below it. Something in
text: a cove protected from intrusion by a jagged ring of menacing
dialog: rocks...
text: ...it is a MAN in a yellow suit. His head under the surface as if
text: looking for fish. Arms and legs spread out like a starfish, the
text: body slides in and out of a small cave. Tugged by the sea like a
text: top on a string.
text: Quoyle stares in frozen shock.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (V.O.)
dialog: Headline. Reporter Becomes Magnet
dialog: For Dead Men.
text: No way in past the pounding surf, the savage rocks. So Quoyle
text: turns sharply. Squints across the bay.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (V.O.)
dialog: What was my panic? He was already
dialog: dead. Maybe I thought, in some dim
dialog: way...
text: CLIMBS into his boat, TURNS the engine over. KICKS it in overdrive
text: toward the town across the bay.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (V.O.)
dialog: ...if it wasn't too late for him.
dialog: It wouldn't be for Petal.
text: STREAKING out, toward the black sky. Racing to open sea where the
text: chop INCREASES drastically. Closer. Closer...
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (V.O.)
dialog: Once I was past the shelter of the
dialog: lee shore, and into the real wind.
dialog: I realized my mistake.
text: ...clear of the point's protection, the wind ROCKS the tiny craft,
text: swells coming BROADSIDE. The boat RISES, then DROPS with cruel
text: speed. Quoyle tries to swing the boat around, the propeller RACES,
text: the bow PITCHES violently, SLAMMING down, the stern SWAMPED, the
text: hull filling, swerving broadside just as the oncoming sea HITS with
dialog: all its force, and the little boat...
text: ...rolls OVER, Quoyle suddenly FLYING under water, limbs flailing
dialog: in all directions...
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (V.O.)
dialog: Headline. Reporter Becomes Anchor
dialog: Man.
text: INTERCUT...Quoyle's dad FLINGING him into the public pool, the
text: youngster SINKING like an anvil in a profusion of bubbles, and
dialog: CUT...
text: BACK to Quoyle, struggling madly somehow to the surface, THRASHING
text: toward the overturned boat, GRASPING the stilled propeller shaft,
text: which causes the bow to lift, the next wave turning the boat
text: upright, FILLING it with water, and it SINKS forever, as Quoyle...
text: ...TUMBLES once more beneath the surface, watching the boat
text: DISAPPEAR into darkness below him.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (V.O.)
dialog: Stupid. Stupid to drown with Bunny
dialog: so young. No life jacket, no floating
dialog: oar. No sense.
text: Back to the surface, GASPING for air. And then, daintily rowing a
text: small boat, unaffected by the waves, her filmy dress rippling in
dialog: light breeze...
speaker_heading: PETAL
dialog: Look, it floats. Just like you.
text: Is the lilting smile cruel? Or only the irony that conveys
dialog: intimacy, even affection.
speaker_heading: PETAL
text: Maybe it's filled with fat.
text: And VANISHES. In her place, bobs a red BOX. A plastic beer
text: cooler. He LUNGES for it, GRIPPING the handles, resting his chest
text: on its top.
text: The waves RISE, mountainous now, and he rises and falls with them.
text: He has been swept a mile from the nearest shore.
text: INTERCUT...a winch pulling part of the Geo, streaming mud, from
text: swiftly flowing water. Police and bystanders gathered.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (V.O.)
dialog: And I wondered. Am I going where
dialog: she's gone?
text: BACK to the bay. A barely-conscious Quoyle still clings somehow to
text: the plastic cooler. But hours have passed. Light is fading.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (V.O.)
dialog: ...and will I see her?
text: He turns. And there she is. Beaming at him from the bow of her
text: little rowboat, a smile ambiguous in the growing dusk. It could be
text: love. From behind her a light GLOWS, giving Petal the aspect of an
dialog: angel.
text: She drops a wink. FADES away. And the light becomes...
text: ...the BEAM from a fishing boat. Quoyle squints his swollen eyes,
text: as strong hands WRENCH him from his box. From the sea. A voice
text: warbles, distorted by wind and Quoyle's diminished consciousness...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Jesus Cockadoodle Christ! I knowed
dialog: somebody was out here.
text: Quoyle's teeth are chattering so hard, his body shivering so
text: painfully, Buggit hauls him over the rail and lays him down on a
text: wriggling mound of fish.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Thank god fer yer figure, me old son.
dialog: A thin man woulda froze.
text: Quoyle burrows into the fish, like nestling in a down comforter.
text: Jack covers him with a heavy tarp. Crouches down close...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Good. Yer lost th'boat.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - LATE NIGHT
text: Dim light. Quoyle stirs beneath the billowing down coverlet. His
text: eyes flutter. Open. Where...?
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S., very soft)
dialog: It's all right. You're in heaven.
text: His head SNAPS around. She's sitting just beside the bed in half-
text: shadow. Her oxblood knitting across her lap.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: Actually. It's just my bed.
text: Now he sees the cigarette.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: Actually, it's not. I just wanted
dialog: to see your eyes bug out like that.
text: Now he sees the smile.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: You don't smoke.
text: His voice was a croak. So he CLEARS his throat with a massive and
text: disgusting effort. It is gross and funny, and she smiles again.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: Only when I'm worried. I don't
dialog: worry much.
text: He rolls over, to see her better. They are very close.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: You don't have to, I'm all right.
dialog: I'm in heaven.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: I'm not worried. About you.
text: Oh. As he draws a breath to ask...
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: You're in the boys' room at Jack's
dialog: house. Wonder how long since Dennis
dialog: slept here.
text: She glances to the nightstand. Beneath the dim lamp. A picture of
text: Jack and blond son Jesson. Guess what they're doing.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: Mrs. Buggit called, knew Bunny was
text: still with me. The kids are camped
text: out in the parlor.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Nice. You sittin' up with me.
dialog: A longer one.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: S'okay. Someday you'll do somethin'
dialog: nice for me.
text: He nods. He will.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Who you worried ab...
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: You didn't find a second dead man.
text: Just the rest of the first one.
text: Ah. He nods. Well, that figures.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: I asked. Who you worried about?
text: On this, she stubs out her cigarette. Takes another from the pack.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: You said Bunny talks to Petal at
dialog: night. You ever listen?
text: He shakes his head.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Not really. Wouldn't be right.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: Well, I'm not that nice a person.
text: STRIKES a match.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
text: She plays Petal. Talks to the
text: Barbies, like Petal talking to her.
text: Brings her cigarette. To the flame.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: She says she's sorry she left them.
dialog: It was just to see if they could be
dialog: good girls. And they were...
dialog: And.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: ...and she loves them.
text: His eyes at once rapt and suffering. She watches that.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
text: The Barbies look better naked, Bunny
dialog: looks good in blue, guess who said
dialog: that?
text: Draws on her smoke.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: So we talked. Just before Petal
dialog: left her with that...stranger? Bunny
text: had snapped her mom's bead necklace.
dialog: That's why she's making more.
dialog: Do you understand?
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: When she's made enough. She'll
dialog: be forgiven.
text: Tears are pooling in his eyes. Hers, too. She keeps going...
speaker_heading: WAVEY
text: She saves Petal a room at the house,
dialog: but she's also got the key to the old
dialog: place. In case her mom would rather
dialog: go there.
text: A thin stream of air escapes from his lips.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: And she talked about it. Just like
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: Sure, I lied. I said nice things
dialog: about her mother.
text: Bitter smile.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: See, there's only one problem.
text: Petal isn't gone.
text: Quoyle thinking. Madly. What can he do?
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: So we're patient. And we wait, and
dialog: we're good to her.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And. Maybe. Time.
text: She stares back. Unease to match his own. Maybe time.
scene_heading: INT. ALVIN YARK'S BOAT HOUSE - DAY
text: A wiry wisp of an aged elf, ALVIN YARK is shaping the center beam
text: of what will become a tidy boat. Its wooden skeleton across two
text: sawhorses in his spacious workshop.
text: ALVIN (sings softly to himself)
dialog: Oh, the Gandy Goose, it ain't no use.
dialog: It ain't no use, the Gandy Goose.
text: Quoyle, Wavey and Dennis stand in a row. Watching the little
text: artisan shave wood as if his tools were his hands.
text: ALVIN (keeps singing, as if alone)
dialog: The Gandy Goose, she ain't no uuuuse...
dialog: Cause all her nuts'n bolts is loose.
text: Wavey can't help but smile. She really likes the old duck.
speaker_heading: ALVIN (never turning)
dialog: See, I'm already buildin' yers in me
dialog: mind. The singin' helps that. But.
dialog: Gotta take a walk in the woods, find a
dialog: spruce with jest th' right curve fer
dialog: yer stem.
text: And says no more. Keeps working. They are like acolytes at the
text: feet of a guru who never bothers even to glance their way.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Well, hurry up. Thirty, forty years
dialog: I'll be rarin' to get back out on the
dialog: water.
text: Everyone smiles. Except the guru.
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: Gotta build her solid. Who knows,
dialog: mebbe Jack Buggit'll give his fishin'
dialog: license to his boy. So next time,
dialog: won't be nobody to pull yer out.
speaker_heading: DENNIS (real quiet)
text: Jack Buggit's boy is drowned.
text: Everyone looks. Except the guru.
speaker_heading: ALVIN (cheery)
dialog: Dennis. Y'hear the one about the
dialog: Newfie who lived ferever?
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: No sir.
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: His kid never got a fishin' license.
text: Now he turns. A maritime Yoda, squinting to discern if his message
dialog: is received.
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: What we wait fer? She's like
dialog: the main stem. Gives us our shape,
dialog: doncha see.
text: He runs his hand along the backbone of the boat he's building.
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: Death's one shape. Fergiveness is
dialog: another.
text: Crinkly old eyes, laser bright. Dennis isn't angry. Just
dialog: resolved.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Thing 'bout waitin' on fergiveness?
text: Mixes up who's waitin' on who.
dialog: No smile, no spin. Just the truth.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Death is simpler. An' a lot shorter
dialog: wait.
text: In the silence. A door opens.
speaker_heading: MRS. YARK (O.S.)
dialog: Mr. Quoyle...?
text: A sprightly bird-like woman. Wears apology and concern.
scene_heading: MRS. YARK
dialog: The school is callin'? It's about
dialog: yer daughter?
scene_heading: INT. PRINCIPAL'S OFFICE
text: The PRINCIPAL is spare, dressed for England, her voice
text: authoritarian by its pace, exaggerated diction, and lack of volume.
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL
dialog: ...not only pushed Mrs. Lumball. Not
dialog: only pushed her very hard...
text: Seated in a semi-circle around the desk of power. Quoyle,
text: stricken, respectful. Wavey, already pissed off at the principal.
text: And Bunny,her hat and coat on, arms folded, face crimson and set.
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL
text: She knocked. Her down.
dialog: Do you understand the severity of this, Mr. Quoyle?
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL
dialog: And. Refuses to explain her act. Or.
dialog: Apologize.
dialog: Is that right, young lady?
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL
dialog: Under the circumstances. We have no
dialog: choice but to suspend.
text: Bunny looks down. Glaring an evil spell of death at her own
text: kneecaps.
speaker_heading: WAVEY (quietly)
dialog: I think Bunny and I. Should take
dialog: a walk.
dialog: And stands.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Uh. Wavey? If it's all the same
dialog: to you...
scene_heading: EXT. PATH - DAY
text: Quoyle and Bunny alone, hand-in-hand, walking slow where they once
text: picked berries. Nobody's talking.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: When you gonna ask?
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (calm)
dialog: When you're in the mood.
text: Apparently, that hasn't happened yet. More walking.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: She musta done something. Really bad.
text: Said like he means it. Which he does. And Bunny, squinting up,
dialog: sees that.
text: INTERCUT...the crime. Playground filled with kids. Bunny and
text: girlfriends on the jungle gym. Bunny the best, a natural jock.
text: MRS. LUMBULL large, sour, doughy, and betrayed by life, stands with
text: her silver whistle in the midst of chaos. Her thoughts on a higher
dialog: plane.
speaker_heading: BUNNY (O.S.)
dialog: She's the worst one of all!
text: Little Herry Prowse comes to tug at the teacher's wool coat. He is
text: holding his crotch and jumping up and down. This does not require
text: an advanced credential to interpret.
speaker_heading: BUNNY (O.S.)
dialog: Herry told her he had to pee. But
dialog: the way he talks. He could just
dialog: say 'eeee,' like that.
text: Mrs. Lumbull looks down. From her face as she responds, she has
dialog: already devoted, over time, more professional attention to this
dialog: troublemaker than should be asked of any dedicated educator.
speaker_heading: BUNNY (O.S.)
dialog: She told him that recess was almost
dialog: over, an' she wasn't gonna make a trip
dialog: special, an' he could hold it.
text: Herry, seemingly, disagrees. Still holding his crotch, he jumps up
text: and down with greater agitation. She grabs him, rather roughly, by
text: the arm. Marches him over to...
speaker_heading: BUNNY (O.S.)
text: She made him stand against the wall.
text: ...and walks off, pointedly ignoring him from ten feet away. He
text: screams, pumping his fists in frustration. Grabs himself,
text: suddenly. Whether or not we can see the dampness spread, we can
text: see his humiliation all too clearly. As his tears come...
text: ...a figure BOLTS into frame from behind Mrs. Lumbull. Hunched
text: over like a linebacker, full speed ahead, LAUNCHING herself into
text: the back of the large woman's knees. Her feet go UP, and the rest
dialog: of her goes...
text: ...DOWN like the proverbial amount of bricks. Herry's tears stop
text: fast. Watching the woman shriek, and keep shrieking. Makes him
dialog: laugh. CUT...
text: BACK TO...the berry path. They are sitting on a fallen log.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: See, a good dad would say hitting
dialog: is always wrong. You coulda hurt
dialog: her bad. I guess you know that.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: She wasn't hurt for real. Just
text: screamed like a baby.
text: Quoyle pulls out a single Snickers bar.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Wish I'd seen it. It really sounds
dialog: funny.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: Petal'll think so, too.
text: He looks at her. Nods, probably will. Peels the candy bar free of
text: its wrapper.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Well, there won't be any trouble at
dialog: school. I'II take care of that.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: How?
text: He breaks the candy bar in half. Tho not quite equally.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Because the best thing about people.
dialog: Is they can forgive each other. I
dialog: heard that this morning.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: That teacher. Is gonna forgive me?
dialog: He nods. Oh, yeh.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: That. And she won't want the story
text: printed in the paper.
dialog: Oh.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: Well. I don't wanna forgive her.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Me neither.
text: He holds out the two pieces of candy. She takes them both. the
text: bigger one in his mouth. As he chews...
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: I had to do it. 'Cept for Wavey,
dialog: I'm the only family Herry's got.
text: She nibbles at her own piece.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: Like the ghost. Who's not a ghost.
dialog: Hmmn?
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: The one who ties the knots? You're
dialog: the only family he's got.
text: Right? Her father doesn't react. He's even stopped chewing.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: You said.
text: And slowly. Quoyle nods. I said.
scene_heading: EXT. NOLAN'S SHED - DAY
text: Quoyle picks his way down to the battered boat shed, hidden at the
text: foot of his cliff. He carries a big carton, which we see has made
text: the journey slow and awkward. Across the gravel now, to...
text: ...the door. HEAR the fire crackling, see the smoke curling.
text: Takes a breath. Knocks softly. Then LOUDER.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: UNCLE NOLAN? CAN I COME IN?
text: No answer. Juggle the box, lift the latch. Enter...
scene_heading: INT. NOLAN'S SHED - NIGHT
text: The old man and the dog huddled together at the fire. They look
text: over with red eyes. Just alike. Only one growls. Quoyle finds a
text: smile, a soft voice...
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Uncle. My daughter Bunny and I.
dialog: We got you some hot bread. And some
text: meat. Some dried fish. Some squash
dialog: and vegetables...a cake...some warm
dialog: clothes...
text: Nolan is listening. Sharp-eared, sharp-eyed. What trick is this?
text: So Quoyle sets the carton down in the squalor. Takes out a loaf of
text: fresh bread. One step forward. Lay it down.
dialog: Good faith offering. And...
text: ...Nolan scuttles to it. Like a wary crab. He tears off a chunk
text: of bread. Nibbles. He likes it. And as he eats...
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (softly)
dialog: You tied those knots, huh?
dialog: At my house?
text: ...crouches down to the old man's size. Almost close enough to
dialog: touch.
speaker_heading: NOLAN
dialog: Ain't yer house, it's th' Ouoyle
dialog: house!
text: He's found the meat. Ripped off a chunk.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: See, I am Qu...
speaker_heading: NOLAN
dialog: Old ones. Got run outta Omaloor Bay a
dialog: hunnerd years ago. Dragged that house
text: across th' ice. On spruce runners.
text: Stuffs some into his face. Like this, even better.
speaker_heading: NOLAN
dialog: Hadda lash it to th' rock. She'll
dialog: tell yer.
dialog: She.
speaker_heading: NOLAN
dialog: Course she never come t'see me.
dialog: That's obvious why.
text: And as Quoyle draws a breath to ask...
speaker_heading: NOLAN
dialog: Your Aunt Agnis Hamm, me son. That's
dialog: cause she can't face me. I knows she
dialog: killed 'im.
text: A moment. Of stone silence.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Him.
speaker_heading: NOLAN
dialog: That baby she was carryin'. What was
dialog: she t'do? She wuz only 12. An' it
dialog: was her own brother what done 'er.
text: Quoyle's wide-eyed shock.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (numb)
dialog: Her own...
text: INTERCUT...a tiny frozen pond. Long ago. A girl of 12, rawboned,
text: husky, skating alone. We've seen her, in the photo at Quoyle's
text: dad's house. And as she skates, she looks up to see...
text: ...a boy of 15, stocky, sullen. He was in the same photo. Only
text: now, he steps onto the ice. Unbuttons his pants. Begins to slide
text: toward her on the soles of his fishing boots. She looks around.
text: Snow banked on all sides of the pond. Nowhere to run on her
dialog: skates.
speaker_heading: NOLAN (O.S.)
dialog: Her brother, me son. She only
dialog: had th' one.
text: The girl, breathless, skating this way and that. The boy closing
text: in, cutting off her angle. A deadly endgame. There are no words.
dialog: And...
text: ...he is ON her. Pulling her TUMBLING to the ice in SLO-MO.
text: No sound but their hot breath, the grunt of the struggle, and
text: CUT BACK to...
speaker_heading: NOLAN
dialog: Course no one alive knows no more.
dialog: So her an' me...
dialog: (winks)
dialog: Our. Little. Secret.
scene_heading: INT. AGNIS' NEW SHOP, KILLICK-CLAW - DAY
text: Agnis and Mavis are showing Wavey their new shop. It is big and
text: bright with more elaborate fittings, the amount of work piled up
text: carries the scent of success. Quoyle trails behind, as Agnis dotes
text: on Wavey like a prize new daughter-in-law. When she turns, she
text: sees her nephew staring...
speaker_heading: AGNIS
dialog: What? My hem crooked? As if
dialog: I was wearin' a hem.
text: He was staring pretty intently. Realizes that.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Naw, I just come from seein' your
dialog: cousin Nolan. Guess I was thinkin'
dialog: about him.
text: She holds his gaze with her own. Is she wondering?
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: Mr. Quoyle? What do you think of
dialog: my dress?
text: Everybody turns on that one. Mavis cuts her alter ego Agnis a
dialog: look. Can you believe this slut?
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: I wore it just for you.
text: She actually looks pretty good in it. Wavey noticing that.
dialog: Watching Quoyle say...
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: That was more consideration. Than
dialog: I deserve.
text: Polite banter? Or outright flirting? Hard to tell if it's Wavey
text: or Agnis who disapproves more. Dawn ignores them.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: Did your aunt tell you about all
dialog: the money?
text: Agnis just blinks. Can scarcely believe she heard that.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: Agnis told us it came from Macau.
speaker_heading: AGNIS (quietly)
dialog: Hush yoursel...
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: ...from Silver Melville. And it
dialog: was more than she expected. And we
text: shipped the chairs off to her.
dialog: Y' know, the three remaining?
text: A really frozen beat.
dialog: QUOYLE (casual, to Agnis)
dialog: Uh. Why would she send you more
dialog: tha...
speaker_heading: AGNIS (to Dawn)
dialog: Do you have enough attention now,
dialog: young lady?
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: Yes, Ma'am, I think so.
text: Mavis echoes Agnis' glare.
dialog: QUOYLE (really casual)
dialog: Macau, huh? So. That where y'sent
dialog: th' chairs?
text: Agnis turns. Sizes him up.
speaker_heading: AGNIS
dialog: It's flatterin' you showin' me how
dialog: you've turned into such a competent
dialog: reporter and all. But even if I
dialog: remembered where I sent 'em. I
dialog: couldn't tell ya.
text: Puts her fingers to her lips. Leans closer, to confide something
text: he is obviously unaware of...
speaker_heading: AGNIS
dialog: Professional ethics.
scene_heading: INT. WAVEY'S KITCHEN - LATE NIGHT
text: CLOSE on Wavey, cooking flapjacks. Talking to them.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: Only you. Could do this.
dialog: And she's not pleased.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: You fed him. You gave him clothes.
dialog: You're the first human ever was kind
dialog: to him...
text: She scoops them expertly into a stack.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: Accordingly. You're sick with guilt.
dialog: Serves them to...
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: You sure you're not a complex guy?
text: ...Quoyle, who nods absently. About the one thing he is sure of.
text: Just now, he's examining the prodigious status of her oxblood
text: knitting. Still attached to the needles, it looks too broad for
text: a muffler.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (decides)
dialog: Horse blanket.
speaker_heading: WAVEY (ah!)
dialog: That's what that is!
text: A beat. Another.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: So if y'called around. Musta
dialog: found somepla...
speaker_heading: WAVEY (quietly)
dialog: One decent golden age home. It's
dialog: in St. John's. You can maybe afford
dialog: it, tho God knows why you should.
text: She pushes the flapjacks closer to him, CLANKS down the fork, eat!
text: She's exasperated. Thinks he's wasting his money.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: I can't put him there, til I go
dialog: down to St. John's. See it's all
dialog: right.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: Great! Let's not be rash!
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Come with me.
text: And everything. Sorta. Stops.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: I mean, the kids could stay with
dialog: Dennis and Beety. Or Agnis, or...
text: A meaningful beat.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: Why. Would I. Do that?
text: She looks deep in his eyes. Hard to guess the answer she wants to
text: hear. He clears his throat. Looks down.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Well. Remember when you said.
dialog: Someday, I'd do something nice
dialog: for you?
text: And when he looks to her, she is...
dialog: PETAL (Wavey's voice)
dialog: And this is it.
text: A witheringly sexy smile.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Hey. Overnight trip to St. John's.
dialog: All expenses paid.
text: Petal arches a delicate brow.
dialog: PETAL (Wavey's voice)
dialog: Overnight?
text: He blinks. And sees...
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: What's wrong with a weekend?
text: With a playful smile. Of her own.
scene_heading: EXT. DOUBLE-DECKER BUS, ST. JOHN'S - DAY
text: Not London, but it might as well be. Wavey and Quoyle atop a red
text: double-decker bus, wind whipping their hair. She is watching the
text: big city flow past, drinking every inch of it. He's watching her.
scene_heading: INT. DEPARTMENT STORE - DAY
text: Wavey carries an armload of little girl's tights and corduroy
text: pants, picking through a bin of barrettes. Quoyle appears with a
text: fistful of neckties. Holds them up hopefully to his chest one at a
text: time, each more breathtakingly godawful than the last. Well? She
text: SHIVERS with disgust. Lifts from her shopping bag a nice conser-
text: vative one she's already picked for him. He SHIVERS, just as she
text: did. They share the trace of a grin, just alike. He walks off.
text: ...Wavey trying on furry hats in a full-length mirror, as Quoyle
text: keeps feeding her an endless supply from a double armful. She
text: pouts and poses like a runway model, basically frowning that the
text: hats aren't working. He's staring at her as if nothing else exists
dialog: in the universe. She knows it.
text: ...Wavey alone at a cash register. The checker is ringing up a
text: selection of lacy bras and panties. Suddenly, Wavey looks up to
text: see Quoyle at the register one aisle over, staring fixedly at her
text: purchases. Seeing she's noticed him, he holds up a huge pair of
text: loud boxer shorts he's buying, and WAVES them at her. She laughs
text: and waves her bras right back. Civilians watching think they're
dialog: in love.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. ST. JOHN'S - DAY/NIGHT
text: ...Quoyle and Wavey stroll the grounds of Nolan's future retirement
text: home. It is twilight, and the modest place looks pleasant and
text: welcoming. Quoyle listens earnestly, as the director points things
text: out. Wavey watching Quoyle, her gaze not so disapproving after
dialog: all.
text: ...CLOSE on Quoyle with a bowling ball, poised, glaring our way.
text: Here he comes. Stumbles. Lets go. REVERSE ANGLE to see the ball
text: rolling, rolling real slow. Quoyle turns his back, strides away
text: with confidence like he doesn't even have to watch, this is too
text: easy. Wavey points, look. He turns in time to see two pins fall.
text: Pumps his fist. YESSSS!
scene_heading: INT. BAR - NIGHT
text: It's late. It's dim. It's as romantic as urban Newfoundland will
text: ever get. Our couple nursing beers at the corner table of a
text: passably stylish bar. Piano playing show tunes, but soft. He
text: pulls from his pocket...
text: ...a travel brochure. Slightly drunk, completely merry, almost
text: wicked smile.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Now, listen to this for t'morrow.
dialog: After I sign the papers at the home...
text: She's already grinning. Feels so comfortable.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (reads)
dialog: The answer to your annual outing!
text: Rainbow trout fishing in four ponds.
dialog: You pay for what you catch. Prizes
text: in the ponds. If it drizzles or gets
text: chilly, heated and lighted building
text: available, right next to the ponds,
dialog: with soft drinks, candy bars, ice
dialog: cream and chips!
dialog: His subtle smile. A guy could get used to this irony stuff.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: Or we could sleep in.
text: ...innocent, natural. At some primal level, his panic begins.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: I just feel so guilty about all
dialog: your expenses. Two separate rooms.
dialog: Both so big.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Hey, it's my treat. You agreed.
text: She nods. She did.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: Still. Seems like we could figure
text: out. Something.
text: Even Quoyle. Has the message. He looks down at his beer, as he
text: thinks about what he should say. Turns the glass in his fingers.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: A friend told me once. Love is
dialog: the only thing that counts.
text: He nods. Almost to himself.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (a murmur)
dialog: It's the engine of life.
text: He looks up. Her eyes are waiting.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: So when you told me how you think
dialog: about your husband. I really
dialog: understood, becau...
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: That's what I wanted us to talk
dialog: abou...
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: ...because real love. Just comes
dialog: once.
text: And everything. Stops.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: See, you know some of the stories
dialog: about Petal. Some of the bad things.
dialog: What you don't know...
text: But she's looking in his eyes. And so, she does.
text: WAVEY (just above a whisper)
dialog: ...is how much you love her.
dialog: That's what it is.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: Even tho. She never loved you.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Sorta. Because of it.
text: He sighs. The most miserable and the most honest he has ever been.
dialog: All at once.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: See, love. Isn't about what's good
dialog: for you. Isn't about what you wish
dialog: it was. Isn't about what...would
dialog: make you happy.
text: His eyes are swimming. Can she possibly hear this?
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Love. Is about want. What you
dialog: really want. And you can't change
dialog: that. Even if it's poison.
text: Silence. The piano plays something gay and stupid.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: So that's why it's great. To have a
dialog: real friend. When you're. Lonely.
text: The last word was a tough one. It makes her nod. She stares in
text: his eyes for the longest time. And when she speaks, he can scarely
dialog: hear her voice...
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: I know you have to stay tomorrow.
dialog: To sign the papers. But.
dialog: But. One word. And even a stupid guy. Gets it all.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: I should be heading back. Before
dialog: Herry. Misses me. Too much.
text: Wow. He nods, dumbly. Watching his worst nightmare unfold before
text: his eyes.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: And I'm not feeling so well.
dialog: What I get for mixing vodka and
dialog: beer, huh.
text: She gets to her feet. She does seem a little unsteady.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: So I'll grab a taxi. You stay and
dialog: finish. Listen to the music. Is
dialog: that all right?
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: I cou...
text: But he stops. Because she's shaken her head once. Don't.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: And don't worry. I'm still your friend.
text: Her voice chokes a little on that. She shakes her head, half-
text: grinning at how foolish she feels. She smiles at him now. Like
dialog: she means it.
text: And leaves. Without another word.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (V.O.)
dialog: She did stay my friend. In her way.
dialog: Even tho, for awhile, we didn't see
dialog: each other a lot.
text: He wants to cry. He wants to be sick. He doesn't know what he
text: wants. Fumbles in his pocket for some wadded-up bills.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (V.O.)
dialog: Funny. How one little talk. Can
dialog: change everything.
text: DISSOLVE SLOWLY TO...
scene_heading: INT. SKIPPER WILL'S DINER - NIGHT
text: The boys, the beers, the squidburgers. The usual.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Tell me about it. Just get the
dialog: aunt's house fixed perfect, and
dialog: I gotta move.
dialog: Move?
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
text: Three hours to drive from the Point,
dialog: with all the ice. Alvin won't have
dialog: my boat ready til New Years. Agnis
dialog: can stay over her shop. Bunny and I
dialog: have to find a room in town.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Stay with us. My kid follows yours
dialog: around, they'll bunk t'gether. And
dialog: we gotta fluffy couch that's more'n
dialog: you deserve.
text: A good friend. Quoyle is touched.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Hopin' you'd offer, almost
dialog: worth it just t'inconvenience ya.
dialog: Unfortunately, I'm too fond a
dialog: yer wife.
speaker_heading: NUTBEEM (casual)
dialog: Take my trailer. Timing's perfect.
text: The way he said that. They both turn. A shrug...
speaker_heading: NUTBEEM
dialog: It's two years. My boat's ready.
dialog: If I stay any longer, I'll begin
dialog: to like it here.
text: Wouldn't want that. Very silent at this table. Against the din of
dialog: the place. Is he serious?
speaker_heading: NUTBEEM (softly)
dialog: I'm throwing myself a farewell
dialog: party on Saturday. Departure
text: to follow Sunday. Regrets, soon
dialog: after, no doubt.
text: And smiles. Serious as a heart attack. A long beat.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (a murmur)
dialog: Be careful.
dialog: Careful?
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Last friend left me. Turned into
text: a truck driver.
text: So much feeling behind his eyes. Nutbeem can only say...
speaker_heading: NUTBEEM
dialog: Well. With that warning.
text: And return the feeling. With his own.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. NUTBEEM'S TRAILER - TWILIGHT
text: Quoyle GROANING under the weight of cases of beer and cheap rum
text: pulled from the back of his wagon. Plenty more to go. Staggers
dialog: into...
text: ...Nutbeem's tiny, threadbare trailer. Every conceivable surface
text: under stacks of plastic-wrapped party platters of cold cuts, cheese
text: and red-eyed olives. Nutbeem is jamming beers into tubs of ice.
text: Quoyle peers into the teensy closet that is the only bathroom...
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: What's the barrel for?
text: SEE it now. Half a sawed-off empty BARREL, with MOLASSES stenciled
text: in orange, fills the shower stall.
speaker_heading: NUTBEEM
dialog: I'm British. I bathe.
text: Quoyle sends him a blank look.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Perfect for th' chips.
text: He gestures to thirty bags of potato chips, filling the
dialog: kitchenette.
speaker_heading: NUTBEEM
text: It's coated with two kinds of scum.
dialog: Soap. And mine.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Works. We forgot to buy dip.
scene_heading: INT. TRAILER - NIGHT
text: VIEW out a window at the line of HEADLIGHTS still arriving. We are
text: immersed in the ungodly WHITE NOISE of an all-gentleman's Newfie
text: soiree, music pushed beyond the level of distortion, assorted
text: grunts, squeals, unintelligible words, things breaking. As we
dialog: struggle to look around...
text: ...every square inch is crammed tight with semi-conscious drunks.
text: Tert Card and some boys circle the potato chip barrel, which has
text: become a handy urinal. Near the door, Dennis holding forth, arm
text: tight around Quoyle who listens, listens, chuckles. Then Quoyle
dialog: fights his way...
text: ...OUT of the trailer, to cold night air where the party is MUCH
text: wilder, given the elbow room. Quoyle steps OVER the supine form o
text: Billy Pretty, who is singing to himself. Finds Jack Buggit with a
text: beer in one hand a rum in the other. Wraps a drunken arm around
text: Jack's neck. Starts to talk in his ear. Jack looks suspicious. A
text: FIGHT breaks out a few feet away. They don't notice. Closing in,
dialog: to hear...
dialog: QUOYLE (shouting against the din)
text: SO THE NEXT DAY, THEY ALL SIT DOWN
text: ON THE GIRDER. THE BRIT OPENS HIS
text: LUNCH BOX. 'OH, NO! SCOTCH SALMON
text: AGAIN! FAREWELL, BOYS!' AND HE
text: JUMPS OFF THE GIRDER TO HIS DEATH.
text: Jack nods. Grins. That's pretty funny.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
text: THE QUEBEC GUY OPENS HIS LUNCH BOX.
dialog: 'MON DIEU! MEAT PIE AGAIN! AU
text: REVOIR CRUEL WORLD!' AND HE JUMPS.
dialog: This. Is even funnier.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
text: NOW THE STATIE IS ALL ALONE ON
text: THE GIRDER. HE OPENS HIS BOX.
scene_heading: 'HOLY MOLEY! BOLOGNA SANDWICH
text: AGAIN! I DON'T HAVE TO TAKE THIS!'
text: AND LEAPS OFF.
text: Funniest yet. Jack is chuckling already.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
scene_heading: AT THE FUNERAL. THE BRIT' S WIFE
text: SAYS, 'WHY DIDN'T HE TELL ME HE HATED
scene_heading: SALMON?' FRENCHY'S WIFE SAYS, 'WHY
text: DIDN'T HE COMPLAIN ABOUT THE MEAT
scene_heading: PIE?' STATIE'S WIFE SAYS, 'I DON'T
text: GET IT. HE ALWAYS MADE HIS OWN LUNCH!'
text: Quoyle is chortling. But Jack stares him dead in the eyes.
speaker_heading: JACK
text: YOU'RE SURE. THE FELLER WAS A STATIE.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
scene_heading: OH, YAR. FROM NEW HAMPSHIRE.
text: At which point Jack BUSTS OUT laughing fit to wet his pants...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: MADE HIS OWN LUNCH!
text: POUNDING on poor Quoyle, who is also dissolved in hysterics.
text: Nearby, the biggest and ugliest GUY at the party (no small
text: distinction) leaps onto a tree stump brandishing an AXE.
text: Even in this crowd, it commands a certain degree of attention.
speaker_heading: BIG UGLY GUY
text: NOW WE ALL LOVES OLD FOOKIN' NUTBEEM,
dialog: YAR???
text: Cries of YAR! fill the woods. Nutbeem himself is HOISTED on
text: shoulders, whooping and sloshing his grog.
speaker_heading: BIG UGLY GUY
scene_heading: SO LESS KEEP 'IM 'ERE BYES! AXE
text: 'IS FOOKIN' BOAT! GOT YER CHAIN
dialog: SAW, NEDDIE??
text: An idea that wins IMMEDIATE MASS APPROVAL. Soused Nutbeem's eyes
text: open bug-wide, as he is borne in a tidal wave of mayhem toward the
text: docks. Whatever he is shrieking may well prove ineffective.
text: And rather suddenly. Quoyle is left alone.
dialog: Among the conscious, that is.
scene_heading: INT. WAVEY'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Knitted wool, the color of oxblood, lies across a timeworn leather
text: ottoman. In front of it, little Herry dances a shuffle-foot jig of
text: his own design. The music seeps from a venerable accordian, played
text: earnestly by his serious mom, nodding and tapping her foot to the
dialog: time of his steps.
text: There is a feeling of empowerment and release in Herry. His grin
text: splits his round face. His eyes say that his heart is dancing.
text: PULL SLOWLY BACK...through the window, past the porch, across the
text: front yard. To a figure. By the fence. He stands motionless.
text: Except his foot is tapping, very slightly, to the time of the
dialog: music.
text: We can't tell how much Quoyle sees. But his eyes say that his
text: heart is drowning.
scene_heading: EXT. NUTBEEM'S TRAILER - MORNING
text: As Quoyle shuffles up, we see Nutbeem's trailer has been turned
text: completely OVER onto its side. Walls are crushed and splintered.
text: It's a train wreck.
text: Sitting on the cinder blocks that once supported it, Nutbeem,
text: and Dennis swig beers.
speaker_heading: NUTBEEM (cheery)
dialog: You're looking dishy, Q.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Feeling that and more. What's the
dialog: situation?
text: Nutbeem hands him a beer.
speaker_heading: NUTBEEM
dialog: One. You're moving in with Dennis, no
dialog: matter how fond you are of his wife.
text: Quoyle looks sadly at the trailer. Realizing it was his place that
dialog: got trashed.
speaker_heading: NUTBEEM (laughs)
dialog: And the boat! Omigod!
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: I'm some disgusted. With the human race.
speaker_heading: NUTBEEM
dialog: I'da never made it, anyway. Storms
dialog: would have blown me to bits. You
dialog: boys saved my life. Yes, you did.
text: The boys look at each other. Humiliated by his generosity.
speaker_heading: NUTBEEM
dialog: I've gathered my savings, and am
dialog: flying to Brazil. Where water is
dialog: swimming pool green. And I grill
dialog: yellowtail steaks with lime and
text: garlic, watercress and Tobasco.
dialog: Touch of curry. What?
text: Quoyle is looking at him somewhat strangely.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (light)
dialog: I collect friends who cook. Just
dialog: can't keep 'em.
text: Maybe too light not to be obvious. Billy looks from Quoyle to the
text: trailer. And back.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: It's too bad.
dialog: Which seems to cover everything.
scene_heading: EXT. JACK BUGGIT'S SKIFF - DAY
text: Quoyle alone with Jack in open water. Pulling on a slicker,
text: gloves, picking up a knife. Jack is pronging cod onto the deck.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Hands might as well be movin' while
dialog: we chat. Always hated th' sight a
text: grown men around a table workin'
dialog: nuthin' but their jaws.
text: And so, together, they begin to clean a small mountain of cod.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Editorial meetin', y'say. 'Bout
dialog: what?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Well, Tert Card's gone, fer one
dialog: thing.
text: Doesn't look up.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Yar, I know, he never said g'bye.
dialog: Well, don't get all weepy-eyed
dialog: about it, old son. Try t'be a man.
dialog: Quoyle will.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: They called him from St. John's,
dialog: he tells me. Wants him to help
dialog: put out th' newsletter fer them
dialog: oil rig suppliers.
dialog: Yup. Believe it.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: He was sassy an' he was smug. Oh,
dialog: there's a waitin' list, he assures
dialog: me. They only skims th' cream.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Well, don't get all weepy-eyed abou...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Truth t'tell. I was a wee help.
dialog: B'hind the scenes, doncha know.
dialog: Keeps working.
speaker_heading: JACK (quietly)
dialog: Sometimes. Enough is enough.
dialog: No arguments arise.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Well, Billy'll do a helluva job...
speaker_heading: JACK (nods)
dialog: ...right where he is. Too old a
dialog: fish t'swim faster'n be wants.
dialog: Gotta find someone a little dumber
dialog: t'take on a shit job like this!
dialog: Uh-oh. You don't mean...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Spot I'm in, Christmas and all.
dialog: Might have to offer th'mess. To you.
text: Quoyle swallows. Arguably the proudest moment of his life.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Course. I'd need a raise.
text: Jack looks at him for the first time. A real twinkle behind...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Y'know. Yer do have the sense God
dialog: gave a doughnut.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (genuinely touched)
dialog: I'II try to live up to that.
text: Said with such sincerity, Jack can only nod. Good.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Any other outrageous demands?
dialog: Seein' as yer got me over a
dialog: barrel. Here's your one chance.
text: And before he can stop his mouth...
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Well, your son...
text: The mirth dies in his host's eyes. Like a 60-watt bulb in a
text: brownout. Quoyle swallows the rest.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You were sayin'...?
dialog: Quoyle sucks it up.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: His whole life would be changed.
dialog: If he could come upon. A fishing
dialog: license.
text: Jack's eyes. Flat and cold as the cod he's gutting.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Well, there's only one a those
dialog: issued per family. So how exactly
dialog: would he do that?
text: This is not. Going well. A dangerous silence.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Even doughnuts, y'know. Can
dialog: push their luck.
scene_heading: INT. WAVEY'S PARLOR - DUSK
dialog: The day care contingent more organized today. Sort of. Bunny
text: leading a spirited round of red-light/green-light, as...
text: ...Quoyle enters with a big cardboard box full of presents. As he
text: shrugs off his coat, he looks at the Christmas tree, its winking
text: lights. The decorations that seem to be everywhere, many handmade
text: by these children. He watches Bunny call out 'Red Light!', only to
text: have Herry ignore it and tackle her anyway.
text: Mixed emotions, to be sure. A feeling of family he can at least
text: visit, yet will never be his own. The sad edge catches up with
text: him, so he strolls on into...
text: ...the kitchen. Wavey baking, what else. She smiles to see him.
text: A friend's smile.
speaker_heading: WAVEY (Southern belle)
dialog: Why, Mistuh Quoyle. You shouldn't
dialog: have!
text: He smiles back. Takes her in for a telling beat, before...
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Uh. I didn't. Most of these
dialog: are for Herry.
dialog: Even better.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: There's two. Are yours.
text: They are on top. Personally wrapped in his slightly bulging,
text: fine-motor-control-challenged, personal style. Be sets them on the
dialog: counter.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: You prob'ly want to wait for
dialog: Christmas.
text: Meaning, please don't. So she wipes her hands on her apron. Lets
text: him see her eyes dance just a flicker.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: Oh, I'm much too excited.
text: Delicately unwraps the first. Lifts out a PORCELAIN TEAPOT, finely
text: painted with an assortment of BERRIES. She holds it in her hands,
text: at once admiring and wistful. Wondering if there's a message about
text: their moment together while berry-picking.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: It's from a museum catalogue. But
dialog: it's not real. It's a copy.
text: WAVEY (still gazing at it)
dialog: It is my favorite teapot.
text: A simple pronouncement. She opens the second, flat and narrow. It
text: is a TURQUOISE BRACELET. Actually, kind of stunning. She blinks,
text: taken back by the beauty and perhaps the expense.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: It's nice for your eyes. I thought.
text: She doesn't sayanything. Lets it dangle from her fingers, catch
dialog: the light.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: It's for everyday. You don't have
dialog: to save it for special.
text: She looks to him. Her eyes are shining maybe more than she wants.
text: Her voice perhaps softer than she even intends...
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: Oh, I'll save this, all right.
text: Covers. With only a slightly more than friendly smile.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: And I'll think of you. When I
dialog: put lot on.
text: He can only nod. He'd like that. She holds up one finger, wait a
text: second. And hurries off.
text: So he waits. Looking at her kitchen. Feeling his feelings. She
text: is back, with two boxes. Sets them down. Nods, go ahead...
text: ...one is heavy and square. He opens it to find a LEATHER-BOUND
text: CASE. He looks at her, smiles in his childlike way. Opens the
dialog: case, which reveals...
text: ...two leather-bound VOLUMES. One a dictionary. The other a
text: thesaurus. He is obviously moved.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (a murmur)
dialog: You must have me mistaken. For
dialog: a writer.
text: And when he looks up.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: I don't make mistakes. About
dialog: that kind of thing.
text: He stares at her long enough to make her nod toward the other
text: package. Big and flat, but not heavy at all. He lifts the lid,
text: and pulls out...
text: ...a huge comfy SWEATER. In oxblood wool. He is completely
dialog: stunned to realize...
dialog: WAVEY (so pleased)
dialog: Well, you can't be surprised. You've
dialog: seen me knitting it for months.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: It was so big, I thought it was a
dialog: tea cozy for your car. But if it's
dialog: for me, it has to be bigger, huh?
dialog: Put it on, put it on! So he slips it over his head. Big enough
text: and then some. This worries her. She plucks at it...
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: Well. You'll grow into it.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: You kiddin'? After the holidays,
dialog: we'll have to stretch it.
text: He's just beaming. Hugs himself to show how warm it is. The
text: silence is companionable. Then...
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Not used to a woman. Giving me
dialog: presents.
text: She raises a brow. Can scarcely believe that.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: One Christmas with Petal, I gave her
dialog: eleven things. And I wrapped them.
text: And watched her open them up.
text: She holds her friendly smile. But her eyes have changed.
text: Slightly.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: She didn't have anything for me.
dialog: Like every year. But this one
dialog: time, she said, 'Wait a minute.'
dialog: Wait a minute.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: She ran to the kitchen. I heard
text: the fridge open. She came back.
text: With her hands hidden behind her.
dialog: Then, she held out...
text: Even his voice. Betrays the longing.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
text: Two brown eggs. She gave them
dialog: to me from her own hands. They
dialog: were cold.
text: He smiles, self-conscious.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Must sound really stupid. But
dialog: they meant a lot to me.
text: Silence. A soft...
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: Well. It's the thought that counts.
text: He nods. He's glad she understands.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: I broke 'em, careful. Made her an
dialog: omelette with 'em. And I saved the
text: shells. In a little box.
text: She can't help but show her surprise at that.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Oh, yeh. They're on a shelf
text: behind my desk. At the paper.
text: He looks worried now. Shouldn't have brought this up. And seeing
dialog: this...
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: I know how it is. To hold onto
text: something good. In the middle of
dialog: all the bad.
text: He nods. But feels truly awkward now. So...
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Well. I gotta collect Bunny.
dialog: Beety's gonna have supper waiting.
text: Right. She nods. She understands this, too.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: Thank you. Thank you, very much.
text: Takes her teapot and her bracelet. Holds them. A gentle barrier.
text: Her hands now too full for a hug.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Well. Merry Christmas!
text: With a wonderful smile.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: Merry Christmas.
text: With one of her own.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL AUDITORIUM - NIGHT
text: Quoyle enters a packed auditorium, festooned for Christ's birthday
text: with every trimming imaginable. Rough fishermen in black jackets
text: they wear once a year, women in finery, schoolkids at their well-
text: scrubbed best, antsy with anticipation. The BUZZ is audible,
text: palpable. No Broadway opening could hope for this level of
text: eagerness.
text: As Quoyle comes down the aisle, we see faces we know. Boys from
text: Nutbeem's party. Billy Pretty with Jack and Mrs. Buggit. Alvin
text: Yark and his bird-like wife. The old-timer who sold Quoyle his
text: boat. Mavis Bangs with an empty seat next to her, must be saved
text: for Agnis. All the kids from daycare. Still, Quoyle searching for
text: the face he doesn't find. And finally...
text: ...to the third row, where Dennis and Beety have saved him a seat.
text: Beety gives him a peck on the cheek, and he smiles, settling in,
dialog: nervous as hell, just as...
text: ...the school principal, still dressed for England, walks to the
text: mike at center stage. Holds up her hands like the disciplinarian
text: she prides herself on being, and they quiet pretty fast.
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL
dialog: Your friends and neighbors, and
dialog: most of all, your children. Have
dialog: worked hard to bring you the best
dialog: pageant ever.
text: THUNDEROUS applause, whistling, stamping. She is frustrated for a
text: moment. Then, waves cheerily against the din, shouting...
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL
dialog: LET THE FESTIVITIES BEGIN!
text: And RUNS off-stage, as we DISSOLVE THROUGH a SERIES OF ANGLES...
text: ...the Big Ugly Guy who led the raid on poor Nutbeem's boat stands
text: in a threadworn suit bulging with his bulk, singing DANNY BOY in
text: the sweetest tenor one could dream of. PAN an audience, rapt,
dialog: motionless. Pavarotti never had more respect.
text: ...Bunny and Marty walk timidly to the front of the stage. Marty
text: dressed in Christmas reds and greens. Bunny all in blue, which
text: does look good on her. Kids CALL OUT their names. The place falls
text: quiet. And the girls begin to sing a plaintive West African HYMN
text: in small brave voices that sometimes harmonize. It is unexpected
text: and breathtakingly courageous. Two dads in the third row have
text: tears flooding their eyes...
speaker_heading: DENNIS (gruff whisper)
dialog: Not bad, my kid, eh?
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (gruffer whisper)
dialog: I'll say. She's as good as mine.
text: ...Agnis Hamm walks out alone onto the stage, wearing a brown
text: jersey, tweed skirt, yellow stockings and red slippers. She has
text: an odd look on her face, all serious and curious. The laughter and
text: calls die away to silence. Suddenly, one of her feet SCRATCHES at
text: the stage, her arms become WINGS, and with a CROONING and CACKLING
text: she metamorphoses into a PEEVISH HEN protecting an egg. The house
text: comes DOWN with laughter and UNISON applause. Quoyle glances back
text: at Mavis Bangs who puts her fingers between her teeth and WHISTLES
text: in pure delight.
text: ...Wavey Prowse walks onto the rear of the stage, in a long black
text: smock, carrying her accordion. She turns to the wings, nods, and
text: out comes little Herry clacking across the stage in tap shoes. A
text: beat of silence. Mom calls out: ONE, TWO, THREE, rolls into a
text: savage hornpipe and Herry commences the JIG Quoyle once glimpsed
text: through a window. Three hundred HEELS coming STOMPING down in
text: perfect rhythm and lift Herry into a joyous bouncing, rattling
text: performance that builds in intensity until the finish. He runs
text: to the edge of the stage, bows DEEP from the waist, stands beaming
text: in their applause. Then RACES offstage, his mom following with
dialog: dignity, and we go with her into the wings...
text: Once there, Wavey slips OUT of the smock, revealing to the dimness
text: of the wings, that she is wearing dancer's tights over drop-dead
text: legs. A close-fitting tunic covered with sequins and glass bugles,
text: crystal diamonds, and dozens more glittering baubles that send a
text: shimmer of prisms with her every breath. Herry hands her a top
dialog: hat, a cane, and...
text: ...she STALKS back onto the stage, her lithe body strutting and
text: glinting. A hush of stupefaction falls, only to be washed away
text: by SHOUTS and WHISTLES, the kind of which have not been heard
text: since Gypsy Rose Lee startled her first roomful of rubes. In
dialog: the bedlam...
text: ...she TWIRLS the top hat on one finger, FLIPS it up in a double
text: somersault, catching it square on her head. She leans on her cane
dialog: And when at last they quiet...
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: We all know Billy Pretty's ways.
dialog: Never save fifty cents, if you
dialog: can save a dollar.
text: She winks. They laugh. Billy laughing loudest.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: Well, last Feb'ry, Billy wants
dialog: t'get his grandfather clock repaired.
dialog: Calls old Leander Mesher. Local
dialog: call. No charge.
text: Twirls the cane recklessly. In the third row, a goggle-eyed Quoyle
dialog: couldn't blink if he tried.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: Well, says Leander, the big cost is
dialog: pickup and delivery. Got t'charge
text: fifty dollars, each way. Two strong
dialog: boys. Gasoline. Air in the tires!
dialog: That's right.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: There's no cost for air in yer
dialog: tires!, says Bill. Get wi' th'times,
dialog: he's told. Tis called inflation!
text: WAGGLES her eyebrows, Groucho-style. They are busting their guts
text: laughing. Connoisseurs of wit.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
text: Billy lives at the top of the hill,
dialog: Leander at the bot tom, doncha know.
dialog: So Billy gets a rope, HOISTS the
text: grandfather UP on his back. And
text: muttering the words fifty bucks...
text: She puts her toe out, SLIPS wildly, windmilling her arms,
text: pantomiming as she bends double under the phantom clock.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
text: Mite slick. Four feet thick a ice.
text: Tears are streaming from a hundred eyes and more.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
text: Meanwhile, at the bottom, Auntie
text: Fizzard, 91 years young, sets out
text: in her non-slip galoshes and her
dialog: cane with the rubber tip. Didn't
dialog: yer, dearie?
text: Bows to the old gal in the front row, who is scarlet-faced in
text: hysterics, as all around her applaud. Wavey becomes her, inching
text: along, casting fierce glances right and left to warn the world.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
text: Meanwhile, at the top...
text: She is Billy once more, beneath his burden, her long legs stutter-
text: stepping to one side, then the other, slipping, skidding, the
text: howling all around her threatening to shatter walls, and...
speaker_heading: WAVEY
text: ...OVER he goes, clock-side down,
dialog: and PICKIN' UP SPEED!
text: Miming the wild ride as they ROAR...
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: ...eight blocks, NINE, missing
text: everything like a miracle, zeroing in on...
text: She becomes Auntie Fizzard once more, shuffling, looking left,
text: right, and suddenly up WILD-EYED!
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: CLIPS 'er inta the snow bank!
text: Nods sadly. Leaning on her cane. When at last they quiet.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: Just two galoshes stickin' outta
text: the snow. She digs 'er way out.
text: Brushes herself off. Looks at
text: him sprawled like a turtle on his
text: back, tied to his massive burden.
dialog: She says...
dialog: She says.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: YOU THERE! BILLY PRETTY!
text: Levels a dead-eyed killer gaze.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: WHY CAN'T YOU WEAR A WRISTWATCH
scene_heading: LIKE EVER'BODY ELSE?
text: The place comes DOWN like a house of cards. Bedlam surrounds
text: Quoyle who sits still as a stone. Too dazzled to breathe.
scene_heading: EXT. ROADSIDE DINER - EARLY MORNING.
text: Lonely stretch of wooded road, middle of nowhere. Light snow just
text: starting to fall. A truck pulls up beneath a tree. Out climbs...
text: ...Wavey. Looking grim, walking slow. Crosses the road to a
text: weathered diner. The woman who only smokes when she's worried,
text: pulls out a pack of Camels. Looks through the diner's frosted
dialog: window...
text: ...a lone customer sits nursing his coffee. He is 40, lean, very
text: attractive. Dark hard eyes, set into worries of their own. Wavey
text: lights up. Watches in silence until...
text: ...the man looks up. Their eyes meet through the glass. Hold.
text: And on his faint smile...
text: She turns her back. Starts up the road.
text: ANGLE...he is walking beside her now. Snow drifting lazy, her
text: smoke curling up. He watches her anger, how cold and quiet and
text: closed. Smiles at her profile...
speaker_heading: HEROLD
dialog: I shoulda come last night. Seen
dialog: the show.
text: She can't even believe he said that. Never looking at him...
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: Woulda been a thrill for the
dialog: Christians among' em. They
dialog: think you're dead.
text: Keep walking. His smile is gentle.
speaker_heading: HEROLD
dialog: Well, then we got good news
dialog: for th...
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: So does your son.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: HEROLD
dialog: Even better news for him.
speaker_heading: WAVEY (low)
dialog: You think so.
text: Breaking the words off. He's watching her profile.
speaker_heading: HEROLD (very soft)
dialog: I can't undo the hurt I've done.
dialog: Unless you let me.
text: Gauging the feeling behind the bitterness.
speaker_heading: HEROLD
dialog: There's a million reasons to send
dialog: me away. Good ones. And only two
dialog: reasons not to.
text: Is she even listening? He lets the silence hang.
speaker_heading: HEROLD
dialog: I love you. And you love me.
text: She stops walking. Flips her cigarette off into the snow. Turns
dialog: now...
text: Looks into his face. And sighs.
scene_heading: EXT. SHORELINE - DAY
text: Rear ANGLE of Agnis, crouching in the lightly falling snow. At the
text: edge of the sea. The spot where she once sent her dog to rest.
text: HEAR footfalls crunching slowly across the rocks. A bulky figure
text: comes into frame. Crouches down beside her. Close. She stares at
text: the gray horizon.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (softly)
dialog: Mavis Bangs. Told me where
dialog: you'd be.
text: No answer. But she hears him all right.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: We get so little mention in the
dialog: wires. Thought you'd like to see.
text: He hands the folded print-out to her.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
text: Head in the suitcase. The mystery's
dialog: solved.
text: She looks briefly at his eyes. Takes it. Starts to read.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Silver Melville was captured in
text: Moored with a cruise steward. The
text: boy was twenty, a looker, wearing
text: Armani clothes. Driving a nice Lexus.
text: Agnis keeps reading.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Says she did it all for love.
text: She nods at that. Folds the paper neatly, as if conveying respect.
dialog: Hands it back.
speaker_heading: AGNIS
dialog: She'd call me, time to time.
dialog: Husband was a pig. More women should
dialog: do what she done. Her situation.
text: He looks in her eyes. And decides to say...
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Some women. Shoulda done it to
dialog: their brother.
text: The look holds. She sees the compassion in his eyes. Knows he's
text: so on her side. She clears her throat.
speaker_heading: AGNIS (softly)
dialog: Cousin Nolan. Hafta pay him
dialog: a visit.
text: They share a look. He glances at the sea. Beautiful spot.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Mavis said you buried Warren here.
dialog: Called it an anniversary.
text: She stares deep and unblinking into his eyes. She will tell him.
speaker_heading: AGNIS
dialog: Of a loss. But not the dog.
text: A held moment.
speaker_heading: AGNIS
dialog: What makes us do that, nephew?
dialog: Give ourselves away to someone.
dialog: So we can't eat or think or
dialog: breathe without 'em?
text: QUOYLE (just above a whisper)
dialog: I don't know. We just do.
dialog: Silence. And...
speaker_heading: AGNIS
dialog: Wonderful, ain't it?
text: And now she smiles. Something we have rarely seen.
speaker_heading: AGNIS
dialog: Irene Warren died. The mornin'
dialog: after a Christmas. We get one
dialog: true love in life, nephew. She
dialog: was mine.
text: He's not surprised. And that, in turn, does not really surprise
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: AGNIS
dialog: Don't mean we can't give love
dialog: again. And get some back.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: For some, it does.
speaker_heading: AGNIS (straight back)
dialog: Not for me.
dialog: Strong with that. Sure.
speaker_heading: AGNIS
dialog: And if that ruffles some small
dialog: town feathers...
text: His smile in return. Very real.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Y'know what the feathers around
dialog: here need th' most? A good ruffling,
dialog: I say.
text: He sounds pretty sure himself. Their look ho1ds.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Y'know what I need th' most?
text: She doesn't.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: A really big breakfast!
text: She nods, one last time. Sounds like a plan.
scene_heading: INT. GAMMY BIRD - LATE NIGHT
text: Quoyle alone with his cut-and-paste, making up the front page
text: layout. Moonlight on fallen snow through the window. Late enough,
dialog: quiet enough, to hear...
text: ...the vehicle drive up, the engine turn off. The footfalls to the
text: door, which swings open. The last person he'd expect to see.
text: Especially with a bottle. Of Cuervo Gold.
text: They stare at each other. Only he smiles.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Hey. Congratulations.
text: She shoots him a quizzical look. We see the edge right off, even
dialog: if he doesn't.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Last night. On the stage? You
dialog: were...
text: Shakes his head with innocent admiration. She puts the bottle on
dialog: his desk.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: It was easy. I just kept thinkin'.
dialog: How would Petal do it?
text: He hears it now, right enough. The anger, the Cuervo. She stalks
text: on over to the coffee counter, only a bit wobbly. Plucks up two
text: styrofoam cups.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: We're friends, right? Friends
dialog: drink together.
text: Back to his desk. Shrugs her coat off onto the floor. Pullover
text: and jeans, she looks terrific. Hikes her butt up onto the edge of
dialog: his desk.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: I asked a quest...
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (quiet)
dialog: I'll drink with you. If you're
dialog: not done yet.
text: Her soft throaty laugh. He hasn't seen her this way. Can't decide
dialog: if it's more scary or exciting.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: Not drunk enough yet to talk about
dialog: Petal. Which we always seem to do.
text: Opens the bottle. About four fingers are gone.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: Let's talk about me. Which we don't.
text: Pours herself another two. Thinks before she says...
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: Growin' up, all I wanted from this
dialog: place was out. Imagine. Give up
dialog: all this.
text: Pours two fingers for him. Stretches her body to slide the cup
text: across the desk. The Cuervo sloshes.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: I ran off to Toronto, went to
dialog: school. Wanted to be a social
dialog: worker. For kids.
text: She's looking at her cup now. Not at him.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: Came back one summer. Fell for
dialog: Herold Prowse. That. Was that.
text: Takes a swallow. Closes her eyes.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: Did you know I was a liar?
text: Opens her eyes. Straight into his. Did you?
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: Herold liked other women. But you
dialog: know how that is.
dialog: Sure you do.
speaker_heading: WAVEY (whispers)
dialog: He didn't die. Not that he didn't
dialog: deserve to.
text: Quoyle blinks. A perfect stunned ox gape.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: See, I'm a good liar.
text: Drains her cup.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
text: He ran off to Seattle with some
dialog: bitch. When his damaged son was
dialog: two months old. And nobody knew.
text: An ice-cold wink.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: Like I said. It's four years ago.
dialog: And it's yesterday.
text: Pours herself another. Savors the memory.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: So I took his boat out. I sunk it.
dialog: And told my little story. Grieving
dialog: widow.
text: Shrugs a drunken, careless shrug.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: I was leaving, of course. Why
dialog: humiliate myself on the wayout?
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: WAVEY (softer)
dialog: But a funny thing happened. On
dialog: my way out.
text: Her eyes are deeper now. And for a beat, the anger slips away.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: All these funny, odd little folks?
dialog: They put their hearts around me.
dialog: So I wouldn't be alone. Having
dialog: lost the man I loved.
dialog: Silence. A real one.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: And since I knew, to my shame, that
dialog: is exactly what I had lost. I let
dialog: go of the will to leave. I did.
dialog: I did.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: Decided to let my child grow up.
dialog: Around folks better than his mom.
text: Stares in his eyes.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: You're quite the talker.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (quiet)
dialog: I take pride in that.
text: So she smiles. But the bitterness is there in it.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: Well, this morning. The man I
dialog: loved. Came back.
text: And the world. Ceases to spin. One man's world, at least. She
text: watches that. Assesses it.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: Told me he knew. I loved him still.
text: Sips at her second drink. Slides the rest of it down.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: Okay. Now I'm drunk enough. To
dialog: talk about Petal.
dialog: Her eyes ask. Are you?
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: You're thinking we're kindred
dialog: souls, you and me. In love with
dialog: our nightmares.
text: Shakes her head. Uh-uh.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: You don't love your Petal. You
dialog: hate. Her cheating. Guts.
dialog: Means those words as an opening blow. Jacks or better. Here comes
dialog: the hole card...
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: You have to think it's love.
dialog: Because if it's not, you're dead
dialog: inside. So you keep that flame a
dialog: flickering. Cos it's all you'll
dialog: ever have.
dialog: Pure contempt. And honesty.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: You see. You're a good liar, too.
text: Lifts the cap. Screws it back on the bottle.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: Where's the damn eggshells? That's
dialog: all I came to see.
text: And from his prison of shock and shame. He points to a shelf. She
text: is OFF his desk, like a panther...
text: ...SNATCHES the tiny padded box with its treasure. RAISES it high
dialog: to smash it, and...
text: ...stops. To see the panic. In his eyes.
text: It brings tears. Pooling in hers.
text: And she sets the treasure down, with the tenderness that decency
dialog: requires.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: Can you guess how I know about
dialog: Petal?
dialog: He cannot.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: Because you and I. Are kindred
dialog: souls. After all.
dialog: And that. Is what she came to say.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: So I told my husband. To fuck
dialog: himself. And the ego he rode in on.
text: She crosses the floor. Scoops up her coat. Walks, just a little
text: wobbly, to the door. Sighs.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: Thanks for the mirror.
dialog: Nods. Means that.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: If I don't see you. Happy New Year.
text: And leaves. The door closes quietly. Quoyle looks from it. To
text: the eggshells.
dialog: And back.
scene_heading: INT. DENNIS' HOUSE - LATER
text: ANGLE...Dennis and his wife BEETY bundled together asleep, as a
text: ferocious storm HOWLS around the house.
text: ANGLE...Quoyle awake on the sofa in Dennis' parlor. Clutching his
text: blankets around him. Eyes jumping with every SHRIEK of the
text: marauding wind. Mind racing with thoughts of Wavey. And
text: eggshells.
text: ANGLE...Bunny asleep with Dennis' daughter MARTY. The room seems
text: to vibrate under the violence of the weather's assault. CLOSE on
dialog: Bunny now, and...
text: ...her eyes OPEN. A strange intent in them. A knowledge. She
text: slips from Marty's bed in her thin blue nightdress. Through the
text: house in the dark, as the wind SCREAMS its warning. Into the par-
text: lor where her father sleeps, as the wind suddenly INVADES, and...
text: ...SUCKS her straight UP the chimney and out INTO the heart of the
text: storm. SAILING like a loosened kite out across the black water.
text: Out and out, as gray light rises, to...
text: ...Quoyle Point, where she is blown FLAT against a granite boulder
text: just in front of the Green House, which SHIVERS and pleads against
text: the wind, its steel cables STRAINING, and suddenly from within the
text: house, lights come ON...
text: ...the WHITE DOG is in a window. No longer snarling and menacing,
text: but whining pitifully, begging to be saved. And on the second
dialog: floor...
text: ...PETAL alone, wild-eyed with terror. She is dressed all in blue,
text: and her daisy-chain necklace flies about her throat as she POUNDS
text: against the glass, her eyes staring directly AT her daughter, who
text: can only scream soundlessly against the gale as the house...
text: ...begins to come LOOSE, the first cable SNAPPING and WHIPPING
text: about with the fierce destructiveness of unleashed power, then the
text: NEXT, and ANOTHER, and with Petal still visible, HOWLING in horror,
text: windows BURSTING everywhere else like flash bulbs, the house...
text: ...slides FREE, along the rocks, toward the cliff, Bunny screeching
text: as it goes OVER the edge, TUMBLES down toward the sea, and Bunny...
text: ...sits BOLT UPRIGHT in bed, a single GASP as her dad is THERE,
text: holding her tight. She is soaked with sweat. But her eyes are not
text: wild. They are filled with the knowing.
speaker_heading: BUNNY (a whisper)
text: Daddy. The Green House is gone.
text: He smooths her hair. The wind bellows in rage. Little Marty
text: somehow sleeps on, undisturbed, beside her.
speaker_heading: BUNNY (a whisper)
dialog: I didn't dream it. Don't say I did.
scene_heading: EXT. QUOYLE POINT - DAY
text: They climb from the station wagon into cold, clear sunlight.
text: Stare in wonder at the naked rock. The snapped, spent, cables.
text: Only shards of wood and glass leaving a hapless trail toward the
dialog: cliff.
text: Bunny RUNS toward the debris, and through it. To a tangle of
text: bushes near the cliff.
text: He walks to a broken cable. Crouches. His eyes running over the
text: space. Where his ancestor's home once stood. And then. He
dialog: turns...
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (calls out)
dialog: What you got there?
text: We see now. Bunny has unearthed a huge wooden crate from its
text: hiding place. Too engrossed in counting its contents to respond.
text: As he comes over...
speaker_heading: BUNNY (not looking up)
dialog: Petal's things.
text: She is counting her treasure trove of NECKLACES. More than any
dialog: sound mind could imagine. Yet, in their infinite variety, somehow
text: wonderful. A testimonial to the power of love.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: I think they're all here.
text: She looks up. Sees him staring so fixedly at them.
speaker_heading: BUNNY (alerted)
dialog: What's wrong?
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: They're beautiful. I never saw
dialog: 'em. All together.
text: Oh. The kid doesn't smile. She decides whether to ask him...
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: Will she be proud to wear 'em?
text: He looks in her eyes. His heart breaks behind his smile.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Well. Any woman would.
scene_heading: EXT. JACK BUGGIT'S SKIFF - MORNING
text: Steel gray morning. The sea is more than a little rough, as Jack
text: lays out his lobster traps. Two other boats, not too close by,
text: appear and disappear in mist. He is checking the lines, knotting
text: hefty weights onto the traps to take them down.
dialog: JACK (sings to himself)
dialog: Oh, th' Gandy Goose she ain't no uuuuse
dialog: Cos all her nuts'n bolts is...
text: Stops. Halfway to lowering the next trap over the side.
speaker_heading: JACK (mutters)
dialog: Sweet Jesus. I'm turnin' inta
dialog: Alvin Cockadoodle Yark!
text: As it nears the water line, Jack's cat SKIPPER TOM suddenly LEAPS
text: down ONTO the trap. Jack blinks.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What is this? Suicide attempt?
text: Tries to let go of the trap and grab the cat in one motion, but the
text: cat JUMPS BACK to the boat, Jack STUMBLING out of his way, STEPS in
text: the coiled line which WHIRRS as the trap goes...
text: ...DOWN, the line STRANGLING Jack's leg and WHIPPING him flailing
text: OVER the side in one startling heartbeat. Almost comic to watch.
text: But then. It is very quiet. Air bubbles appear at the surface.
dialog: In a few seconds...
text: The water is unbroken. The boat bobs silently in the swells.
scene_heading: INT. ALVIN YARK'S BOAT HOUSE - DAY
text: Quoyle and Alvin inspect Quoyle's newly-finished boat. It is a
text: beauty, to be sure, and the old builder watches Quoyle lovingly
text: running his hand across the smooth gunnel. Alvin doesn't smile.
dialog: That's not his style.
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: Gotta paint the name. What'll it be?
dialog: 'The Tall And Quiet Woman'?
text: Quoyle glances over. The old boy's eyes are dancing.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: You knew Billy's dad?
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: Ever'body knows ever'body. But
dialog: Billy's pap didn't invent the
dialog: Four Women in a Man's Life.
text: Quoyle nods. Guess not.
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: Well. Which one is Bunny, I wonder?
dialog: The Maid in the Meadow, mebbe.
text: But Yoda is just staring at him. And quietly...
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: Doncha know? They're all the same
dialog: woman. That's the point.
text: His pupil blinks. Like a crystal bullet of clarity his brain.
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: The Maid in the Meadow, that's
text: her innocence and play. The
dialog: Stouthearted Woman, is when you
dialog: need to lean on her.
text: For some reason he could never name. Tears are pooling in eyes.
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: The Tall and Quiet Woman? That's
dialog: the silent partner who always walks
dialog: 'longside, so's yer never alone.
text: Quoyle is nodding, now. It all seems so right.
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: And the Demon Lover. That's just
dialog: the frostin' on th' cake.
text: A soft knocking at the door.
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: When y'find the woman who's all
dialog: four? That's when y'got yer one
dialog: true love.
text: The bird-like woman enters. The old man nods toward her.
speaker_heading: ALVIN
dialog: ...like m'Gertie.
text: But she isn't alone. A man enters behind her. It is Dennis
text: Buggit. And there are tears on his face. He brings a dreadful
text: silence with him, because the face is an open grave.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: My dad went over the side this
dialog: mornin'. Tangled in th' sling-
dialog: stone line.
text: A sob escapes from this strong man's throat. He ignores it. No
dialog: one knows what to say.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: If you could write a memorial t'
dialog: him. Fer t'morrow's Gammy Bird?
dialog: I'd be real grateful.
scene_heading: EXT. JACK BUGGIT'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: The road is jammed with parked cars and trucks and vans and wagons
text: Folks still streaming toward the brightly-lit house. Ever'body
dialog: knows ever'body.
scene_heading: INT. JACK'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Every room is filled with folks who wear their best. There is
text: eating and chatter and even some pockets of laughter, as we move
text: through the crowd. As if some have taken hold of a wake's well-
text: meaning purpose. Others stand dazed, still wearing their pain and
text: confusion. There are children here, some hold a parent's hand,
text: some giggle with each other. Snapshot of a community. Struggling
dialog: to cope.
text: Quoyle and Bunny enter, holding hands, looking around. As they
dialog: cross the room...
text: ...two figures step into their path. Two women holding hands,
text: their bodies close together. Their feeling for each other open for
text: all to see. One is Agnis. And the other. Isn't Mavis Bangs.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: Happy New Year, Mr. Quoyle. I'm
dialog: sorry I missed you at the pageant.
text: Slightly startled, Quoyle can't help but smile, despite the solemn
text: occasion. At the proud look on his aunt's face.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: I was in the wings, a course.
dialog: Wasn't our girl somethin'?
text: Our girl, a course, is Agnis. Who nearly blushes at the
dialog: compliment.
speaker_heading: DAWN
dialog: I say, y'have t'love a woman. Who's
text: in touch with her inner chicken.
text: Well, who could argue with that. Dawn leans up, kisses Quoyle on
text: the cheek. And with surprising softness...
speaker_heading: AGNIS
dialog: Nephew. You okay?
speaker_heading: BUNNY
text: He's okay. He's not sleeping in
dialog: the box.
text: Her great aunt looks at this child. Bends to plant an unexpected
text: kiss on the top of Bunny's head. The kid squirms, tugs her dad
text: firmly off, as he sends a parting wave.
text: Into the parlor now. Quieter here, as the new arrivals thread past
text: Jack Buggit in his open coffin, resting on black-draped sawhorses.
text: Dennis and his mom stand by Jack, a hand and a word for each. And
text: moving into the line...
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Remember what I told you.
text: His words a murmur. Hers are bolder...
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: If he's not sleeping. Why do they
dialog: call it a awake?
text: He thinks. As if it is a worthwhile question.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: We're the ones have to be awake.
dialog: To how much we love him...
dialog: Nods to himself. Yes.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: And how we should be good to each
dialog: other. While we have the chance.
text: He looks down. They are almost there.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: You think?
text: She is thinking. Keeping the thoughts to herself. At the coffin
text: now, he lifts her up to see. Jack lies motionless, a wax figure of
text: himself. Serene behind violet eyelids.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
text: He looks like he's sleeping.
text: Dennis looks over. His stolid, grim face releases a smile for his
dialog: friend.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: That's cos he's peaceful. No
dialog: worries, anymore. No troubles.
text: He sets her down. Clasps Mrs. Buggit's hand. And from his
dialog: pocket...
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: I found this in Jack's drawer at
dialog: the paper. I don't know if it's
dialog: somethin' special...
text: An enameled wreath with the initial R, backed by a long, sharp pin
text: She tears up again, just to see it.
speaker_heading: MRS. BUGGIT
dialog: Oh, it's his lodge pin. We were
dialog: lookin' all over.
text: She smiles bravely as she takes it. Leans up to kiss his cheek.
scene_heading: MRS. BUGGIT (a whisper)
dialog: Dennis showed me what y'wrote fer
dialog: th' paper. Did Jack proud.
text: So they look at each other. Dennis clears his throat, looks away.
text: And then, Quoyle is leading Bunny off.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: You hungry? There's sandwi...
speaker_heading: BUNNY
text: Petal's peaceful, too.
text: Just a statement of fact. To no one in particular. Dad squeezes
text: her hand. Manages...
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: You bet. You can count on tha...
text: But she lets go. Scampers to a corner of the room. To Herry
dialog: Prowse. And his mom.
text: So Quoyle starts toward her, his heart in his throat. And when
text: Wavey looks up. She is glad to see him. As he reaches her...
text: She holds up her wrist. Dangling from it, her turquoise bracelet
text: She wore her best for Jack. Quoyle stands very close. One last
dialog: thing from his pocket...
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: New Year's present.
text: A small box. Wrapped as careful as he could. She looks to his
dialog: eyes, really?
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Oh, yeh. It's a Quoyle tradition.
text: Well, in that case. She takes it into her slender fingers. Undoes
text: the ribbon, the paper. Lifts the lid to see, resting in tissue...
text: ...eggshells. Crushed almost to powder. Her heart comes straight
text: to her eyes, even before the whispered...
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Thanks. For the mirror.
text: And across the room, Mrs. Buggit leans with trembling hands to fix
text: the Lodge pin to Jack's lapel. Shaking as she is, the hand
text: lurches, the big pin goes PLUNGING, and...
text: ...a rattling COUGH. Rolls across this room. The world falls
text: silent. Jack's wife grabs her son's arm, and their eyes bug out,
text: staring into the box.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: DAD'S COME BACK!
text: And LUNGES to help hs gurgling father free his shoulders from the
text: coffin's wedge. A sudden ROAR, there are SCREAMS, there is even
text: LAUGHTER and WHISTLING, complete chaos. And in the bedlam, a tug
dialog: on Quoyle's coat...
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: See. He woke up.
scene_heading: EXT. OMALOOR BAY - DAY
text: Sunlit day of crystal perfection. The majesty of ice and towering
text: rock and shimmering water. A scale so majestic, any cynic would be
text: hard put to deny God's hand. And gliding into FRAME...
text: ...a tiny skiff. On its maiden run. We CLOSE to see...
text: ...painted on its side. THE FOUR WOMEN. One woman is rowing just
text: now, doing all the work. Her son sleeps in the bow. And in the
text: middle of the little boat...
text: ...father and daughter. Are unpacking the picnic lunch. There is
dialog: a lot of food. This could take awhile.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: That's a funny thing to say. For
dialog: the first thing he said.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: What? 'I'm keepin' m'damn lobster
dialog: license'?
dialog: Yeh. That.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Maybe he just said it. To make
dialog: your Uncle Dennis laugh so hard.
dialog: You think?
text: She keeps unpacking. Her face quiet and serious. Her thoughts her
dialog: own.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (very softly)
dialog: It's not fair, is it. That Jack
dialog: woke up. And Petal didn't.
text: And since he's said her thought aloud. She tells him...
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: Well. The world's not fair. You
dialog: said.
text: She's not looking up. But he knows she's listening.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: That's something the world is
dialog: always teaching us. And sometimes,
text: the learning comes later.
text: That gets through. Both adults can see it.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE (a murmur)
dialog: You taught me that.
text: Eyes resolutely down, she nods. Remembers.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: You know. What we wait for?
dialog: It's like the main stem of this
dialog: boat. It gives us our shape.
text: Her brow furrows. Doesn't understand that.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: See, I know why you saved a place
dialog: for Petal. All this time.
text: On this. She looks up. Her dad is smiling from his eyes.
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Cos I'm the daddy. And you learn
dialog: how to do. By watching me.
dialog: And...
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: You just watched. Better than
dialog: I knew.
text: Still holding Bunny's eyes. He beckons to the woman rowing.
text: C'mere, a second. So Wavey sets down her oars. Slides over.
text: And Quoyle whispers to his daughter...
speaker_heading: QUOYLE
dialog: Watch this.
text: He leans his face. To Wavey's mouth. A kiss so tender, even a
text: child can't turn away. The moment lingers. And when it ends...
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: I'm thanking your daddy. For all
dialog: my presents.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: There was only two.
text: Wavey looks at this girl.
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: More than two. Everything I need.
dialog: Except...
text: Except. She gathers all the courage it takes to say...
speaker_heading: WAVEY
dialog: Except a necklace.
text: And waits. We can feel her heart pounding in her throat. Bunny
text: stares back with eyes no one could read. And then...
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: I got a box of 'em. You could
dialog: pick one.
text: A hush over this bay. A woman stunned and grateful.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: Then you'd have everything you need.
text: Well, that seems true. So, the woman nods. Her eyes flutter down.
text: In the silence, she unwraps a sandwich...
speaker_heading: WAVEY (a murmur)
dialog: You want the cheese?
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: No.
text: Okay, then. She hands that one to Quoyle. And as she and Bunny
dialog: look for another, we PULL...
text: ...UP and AWAY, an AERIAL ANGLE swirling above the shimmering bay.
text: The boat so far below us. The people tiny specks. They could be
dialog: anyone.
dialog: Anyone at all.
text: FADE TO BLACK. ROLL END CREDITS.
dialog: 
