speaker_heading: THE TWO POPES
dialog: Written by
dialog: Anthony McCarten
dialog: Pre-Title:
text: Over a black screen we hear the robotic voice of
dialog: telephone system.
speaker_heading: VOICE:
dialog: Welcome to Skytours. For flight
dialog: information please press “1”. If
dialog: you're calling about an existing
dialog: booking please press “2”. If you're
dialog: calling about a new booking please
dialog: press “3” ...
dialog: a modern
text: The beep of someone (Bergoglio) pressing a button.
speaker_heading: VOICE: (CONT'D)
dialog: Did you know that you can book any
dialog: flight on the Skytour website and
dialog: that our discount prices are
dialog: internet only ...
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO: (V.O.)
dialog: Oh good evening I ... oh.
text: He’s mistaken this last for a human voice but ..
speaker_heading: VOICE: (V.O.)
dialog: .». if you still wish to speak to
dialog: an operator please press one ...
text: Another beep.
speaker_heading: VOICE : (V.O.)
dialog: Good morning welcome to the
dialog: Skytours sales desk ...
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO: (V.O.)
dialog: Ah. Yes. I’m looking for a flight
dialog: from Rome to Lampedusa. Yes I know
dialog: I could book it on the internet.
dialog: I’ve only just moved here.
speaker_heading: VOICE:
dialog: Name?
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Bergoglio. Jorge Bergoglio.
speaker_heading: VOICE:
dialog: Like the Pope.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Well ... yes ... in fact.
speaker_heading: VOICE:
dialog: Postcode?
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Vatican city.
text: There’s a long pause.
speaker_heading: VOICE:
dialog: Very funny.
text: The line goes dead.
dialog: Title: The Two Popes.
text: (All the scenes that take place in Argentina are acted in
dialog: Spanish)
scene_heading: EXT. VILLA 21 (2005) - DAY
text: A smartly-dressed boy is walking along the narrow streets of
text: Villa 21 - a poor area that is exploding with music, street
text: vendors, traffic. He struts past the astonishing murals that
text: decorate the walls of the area.
text: The boy is heading for an outdoor mass, celebrated by
text: Archbishop Bergoglio. As he walks along we tune into the
dialog: sermon on VO ...
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO (V.0.)
text: Once a young man - his name
dialog: was Francesco Bernadone
dialog: walking in the wood...
dialog: This fairy tale opening
dialog: surroundings but as the
dialog: the wall come to life =
dialog: we are hearing ...
text: On the dilapidated city
dialog: of St. Francis begin to
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO (V.0.)
dialog: Habia una vez un muchacho que
dialog: caminaba por un bosque... se
dialog: llamaba Francisco Bernadone.
dialog: - was
text: seems at odds with the noisy urban
text: young man walks, we see the murals on
text: animated illustrations of the story
dialog: wall we see this story from the life
text: unfold.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO: (V.O.)
text: He found a chapel - a ruined
dialog: chapel ...one wall had fallen
text: down. So he stepped inside.
text: The crucifix was still on the
dialog: wall where the altar had
dialog: been. Afterwards Francesco
dialog: always said it “captivated
text: his senses”. It spoke to
dialog: him. It said, “Francesco
dialog: repair my Church.” Francesco
dialog: was a practical man. He said
dialog: OK, went up to the quarry on
dialog: top of Mount Subaccio, cut
dialog: stones, carted them down the
dialog: mountain and started to
text: repair the broken wall.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO (V.O.)
dialog: ++. de pronto encontré una
dialog: capilla - una capilla muy
dialog: venida abajo... con todas las
dialog: paredes pradcticamente
dialog: destruidas. El muchacho
dialog: entr6... El crucifijo todavia
dialog: estaba ahi, en el lugar donde
dialog: habia estado el altar. De
dialog: pronto, Francisco sintid6 como
dialog: si alguien cautivara sus
dialog: sentidos... El crucifijo le
dialog: habl6 y le dijo: Francisco
dialog: repara mi iglesia. Francisco
dialog: era un hombre practico. Y
dialog: dijo “Cémo no...” Fue a la
dialog: cantera en la punta del Monte
dialog: Subaccio, cort6 unas piedras,
dialog: las arrastr6 hasta abajo y
dialog: empez6 a reconstruir las
dialog: paredes que estaban caidas.
text: At this point, another boy crosses the mural and we follow
text: him down the street and into the back of a big colorful
dialog: crowd...
scene_heading: EXT. VILLA 21 - OUTDOOR MASS (2005) - DAY
text: The crowd is the congregation of the big outdoor mass which
text: Bergoglio is con-celebrating with a younger priest - Pepe
dialog: (38).
dialog: sermon.
dialog: The story we have been
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Even the longest journey has
dialog: to start somewhere. Even the
dialog: most glorious journey can
dialog: start with a mistake. So when
dialog: you feel lost, don’t worry.
dialog: That’s when God is looking
dialog: for you. And when you think
dialog: everything is broken - don’t
dialog: worry. God will not give up
dialog: on it. OK?
dialog: He’s finishing now ...
dialog: listening to was Bergoglio’s
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Cualquier travesia, por mas
dialog: larga que sea, siempre
dialog: comienza en algin lugar.
dialog: Cualquier travesia, por mas
dialog: gloriosa que sea, puede
dialog: comenzar con un error. Por
dialog: eso, cuando se sientan
dialog: perdidos, no se preocupen.
dialog: Ese es el momento en que Dios
dialog: los va a estar observando. Y
dialog: cuando piensen que todo esta
dialog: perdido, no se preocupen,
dialog: Dios no se dara por vencido.
dialog: éEntendido?
text: This isn’t a rhetorical question. People shout “si” back but
text: not loud enough.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: OK?
text: Now they shout louder.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: éEntendido?
text: PICK UP ON the Lorenzo, who has cut through the crowd to join
text: a group of other well-dressed young men, all perched on top
dialog: of a slab. They’re all pals. They’re not that interested in
text: what Bergoglio is saying.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: And now we come to the part
dialog: of the mass where we normally
dialog: ask Our Lady to pray for us.
dialog: But I’ve been thinking ...
dialog: we've got lots of troubles
dialog: here in Villa 21 so maybe
dialog: it’s not fair to leave it all
dialog: to Our Lady. Who else could
dialog: we ask to pray for us?
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Ahora llegamos a esa parte de
dialog: la misa donde generalmente le
dialog: pedimos a Nuestra Sefiora que
dialog: rece por nosotros. Pero
dialog: estuve pensando... hemos
dialog: tenidos muchos problemas,
dialog: aca, en la villa 21, entonces
dialog: quizads no es justo dejar todo
dialog: en manos de Nuestra Sefiora...
dialog: éA quien mas le podemos pedir
dialog: que rece por nosotros?
text: He points to a well-dressed young man in the crowd.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Hombre, what’s your name?
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN:
dialog: (on edge)
dialog: Lorenzo.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: The name of my team - San
dialog: Lorenzo!
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: A ver... el joven... écdémo te
dialog: llamas?
speaker_heading: HOMBRE JOVEN:
dialog: (sobre la losa)
dialog: Lorenzo.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: El nombre de mi equipo...
dialog: iSan Lorenzo!
text: This provokes huge, good-natured booing. In Villa 21 they
text: support Huracadn. But the young man looks uncomfortable about
text: becoming the object of attention. He’s with the well-dressed
dialog: boy ...
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: San Lorenzo, pray for us.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: San Lorenzo, reza por
dialog: nosotros.
text: The well-dressed young men are looking uneasy. They are drug
dialog: dealers.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Pepe and Bergoglio, making their way, people stop them to ask
text: for blessings or just say hi. Someone hands Bergoglio a mate.
text: He takes a drink and passes it on.
text: A woman barges through the crowd to the priests and blurts
text: out some news. The little bell from the local church
dialog: rings...
speaker_heading: WOMAN: MUJER:
dialog: Fathers, it’s the Pope. The Padres... el Papa... El Papa
text: Pope is dead. murid.
scene_heading: INSERT: ARCHIVAL FOOTAGE
text: Straight off that announcement on a street in South America,
text: we cut to the awesome sight of John Paul II’s body being
text: carried through the crowd to the Basilica.
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY WITH ARCHES, THE VATICAN (2005) - DAY
scene_heading: CARDINAL Joseph RATZINGER (77), (soft spoken, a natural
text: recluse) is walking along a corridor accompanied by his
dialog: trusted assistant/PA - Paolo.
text: Paolo has a set of flash cards - a photo on one side and some
text: information on the back. As they walk he shows them - card
text: by card - to Ratzinger, who responds by identifying the
dialog: people in the photograph - he always gets it right ...they
dialog: speak in Italian.
scene_heading: RATZINGER: RATZINGER:
dialog: (of first photo). Lula, presidente del Brasile.
dialog: Lula, President of Brazil.
speaker_heading: PAOLO: PAOLO:
dialog: Correct. Seems like he is Giusto. Sembra che stia
dialog: saving the country. salvando il paese.
scene_heading: RATZINGER: RATZINGER:
dialog: (of first photo) Margareth Regina della
dialog: Margaret Queen of Denmark ... Dinamarca.
speaker_heading: PAOLO: PAOLO:
dialog: Correct. Giusto.
scene_heading: RATZINGER: RATZINGER:
dialog: Chain smokes. Illustrates Grande fumatrice. Illustra
dialog: children’s books. libri per bambini.
dialog: Another card.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Mr. Blair prime minister of
dialog: Britain, likes to be called
dialog: Tony.
speaker_heading: PAOLO:
dialog: Good. This one ...
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Cardinal Arinze of Nigeria.
dialog: Many say he will be the first
dialog: African Pope.
speaker_heading: PAOLO:
dialog: Will he be?
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: No because we’ve already had
dialog: three. Admittedly the last
dialog: one died in the year 492 so
dialog: it’s not surprising people
dialog: have forgotten.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Il Signore Blair primo
dialog: ministro della Gran Bretagna,
dialog: gli piace essere chiamato
dialog: Tony.
speaker_heading: PAOLO:
dialog: Bene. Questo...
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Cardinale Arinze della
dialog: Nigeria. Molti dicono che
dialog: sara il primo Papa Africano.
speaker_heading: PAOLO:
dialog: E lo sara’?
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: No perché ne abbiamo gia
dialog: avuiti tre. Legittimamente
dialog: l’ultimo € morto nell’anno
dialog: quattrocento novantadue,
dialog: quindi non @ sorprendente che
dialog: la gente 1l’abbia dimenticato.
text: The atmosphere between Paolo and Ratzinger is warm and
text: familiar. Paolo has been a trusted aide for years.
text: He shows another photograph - Bergoglio.
dialog: respond.
speaker_heading: PAOLO:
dialog: Bergoglio - Argentina.
dialog: Leading advocate for reform
dialog: in the Church. He’s extremely
dialog: popular in...
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: I know who he is.
dialog: Ratzinger doesn’t
speaker_heading: PAOLO:
dialog: Bergoglio - Argentina.
dialog: Principale difensore per la
dialog: riforma della Chiesa. Molto
dialog: benvoluto in...
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Lo so chi é.
text: A bit sharp. Paolo is quick to pick up on the mood.
speaker_heading: PAOLO:
dialog: Perhaps we should leave the
dialog: clergy until later.
speaker_heading: PAOLO:
dialog: Forse dovremmo lasciare il
dialog: clero per dopo (pit tardi)
text: As they walk along the corridor, more and more officials tag
text: along, hoping for a word. Paolo shows another card.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Yes, yes I know who George
dialog: Bush is.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Si, si lo so chi @ George
dialog: Bush.
text: He keeps moving. He seems to have the world at his finger-
dialog: tips. Off the photos of World leaders we
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BUENOS AIRES EZEIZA AIRPORT (2005) - DAY
text: Bergoglio struggles through the crowd towards Departures.
scene_heading: INT. BUENOS AIRES EZEIZA (2005) - DAY
text: Bergoglio is at security. He puts his bag, his belt and his
text: shoes into one of the trays as it goes through the scanner.
text: The X-Ray reveals a crucifix inside his bag.
text: He looks anxiously at his watch. He watches his shoes go by
text: on the conveyor belt.
text: A security guard approaches and - by instinct - Bergoglio
text: straightens up and puts his hands up, ready to be frisked.
scene_heading: SECURITY: GUARDIA SEGURIDAD:
dialog: I was going to ask you for a Disculpe... Iba a pedirle su
dialog: blessing your Eminence. bendicién, eminencia.
scene_heading: BERGOGLIO: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Oh. Right. Sure. Ah... Claro... Cémo no...
text: He blesses the man. This attracts attention and soon 3 other
dialog: members of security are asking to be blessed.
scene_heading: BERGOGLIO : (CONT'D) BERGOGLIO (CONT’D)
dialog: I think we may be causing a Creo que si seguimos asi
dialog: little congestion. How about vamos a provocar un lio
dialog: if I just blessed everyone barbaro... éQué les parece si
dialog: eee mejor no los bendigo a todos
dialog: juntos?
text: He gets up on tip-toe and blesses everyone. They say amen and
dialog: then thank you.
scene_heading: INT. VATICAN SECURITY ROOM (2005) - DAY
text: Banks of monitors and keyboards, the feeds of the cameras
dialog: that are keeping watch over the Vatican where the greatest
dialog: gathering of World leaders ever seen will take place. On the
text: screens we glimpse Chirac, Bush, Mandela. Ratzinger is
dialog: overseeing it all.
scene_heading: HEAD OF SECURITY:
dialog: Monarchs and sovereigns take
dialog: precedence over presidents.
text: Presidents are seated in
dialog: alphabetical order of
dialog: country. Extra seating for
dialog: the Polish delegation.
dialog: As he speaks we:
speaker_heading: INSERT:
text: Footage of the funeral itself.
scene_heading: CAPO DELLA SICUREZZA:
dialog: Monarchi e sovrani hanno la
dialog: precedenza sui presidenti. I
dialog: presidenti sono seduti
dialog: secondo l’ordine alfabetico
dialog: dei paesi. Posti addizionali
dialog: a sedere per la delegazione
dialog: polacca.
text: World Leaders come up to be blessed by Ratzinger.
scene_heading: CUT AWAY TO:
scene_heading: INT. IMPROVISED CHANGING ROOM - ST PETER’S BASILICA (2005) -
speaker_heading: DAY
text: Ratzinger is standing in front of a mirror, practising his
text: sermon. He tries different intonations. He tries not looking
text: at his notes. He’s trying to memorise it.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: None of us can ever forget
dialog: .».. Can any of us ever forget
dialog: ... we shall never forget,
dialog: never forget how on that Last
dialog: Easter Sunday of his life ...
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Nessuno di noi potra’ mai
dialog: dimenticare... possiamo mai
dialog: dimenticare?... non
dialog: dimenticheremo mai, mai come
dialog: quell’ultima domenica di
dialog: Pasqua della sua vita...
speaker_heading: CUT STRAIGHT
speaker_heading: BACK TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ST PETER'S SQUARE (2005) - DAY
text: Ratzinger is in the pulpit, delivering his sermon with ease
dialog: and authority.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: None of us can ever forget
dialog: how in that last Easter
dialog: Sunday of his life, the Holy
dialog: Father, marked by suffering
dialog: and visibly in pain, came one
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Nessuno di noi potra’ mai
dialog: dimenticare quell’ultima
dialog: domenica di Pasqua della sua
dialog: vita, quando il Santo Padre,
dialog: segnato visibilmente dalla
dialog: last time to the window and
dialog: one last time gave us his
dialog: blessing ...
dialog: sofferenza e dal dolore,
dialog: venne un’ultima volta alla
dialog: finestra e per un’ultima
dialog: volta ci dette la sua
dialog: benedizione...
text: At this gathering of immensely powerful people, Ratzinger is
text: centre stage. He seems comfortable and capable of the role.
speaker_heading: INSERT:
dialog: Footage of the Saint Peter Basilica - The Cardinals -
text: including Bergoglio and a few others who will meet later -
text: ranged in front of the coffin in their red robes.
text: End on the plain, simple coffin of John Paul II standing on
text: display in the midst of all this. A wind blows turning the
text: pages of the bible on the coffin.
scene_heading: EXT. ST. PETER'S SQUARE (2005) - DAY
text: As the Cardinals filter across the square, some are grabbed
text: for interview by TV crews, others greet old friends warmly.
scene_heading: AMERICAN JOURNALIST:
text: Having bidden farewell to the last
dialog: Pope, the cardinals will vote for
text: the new Pope, in a conclave, hidden
text: from view, behind the locked doors
dialog: of the Sistine chapel.
scene_heading: EXT. VATICAN PARKING LOT (2005) - DAY
text: One group of cardinals finds time to banter quietly on their
dialog: way in. They are Bergoglio, Turkson (warm, intellectual
text: Ghanaian), and Hummes (Brazilian). They banter in English -
dialog: the lingua franca.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: It’‘ll be like the World Cup -
dialog: everyone will be hoping for a
dialog: beautiful game between Brazil (NODS
speaker_heading: AT HUMMES) and Italy (NODS AT
dialog: MARTINI) but in the end the Germans
scene_heading: (NODS TOWARDS RATZINGER) will win
dialog: on penalties.
speaker_heading: TURKSON:
dialog: Yes and everyone will say this is
dialog: surely Africa’s year but then Ghana
dialog: and Nigeria will crash out in the
dialog: quarter finals.
speaker_heading: HUMMES :
dialog: I’m not sure about Brazil. I think
dialog: it might be Argentina this year ...
text: He nudges Bergoglio.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Argentina? No, no, no. I'ma
dialog: Jesuit. There’s never been a Jesuit
dialog: Pope.
speaker_heading: TURKSON:
dialog: Exactly what we need. Something
dialog: there has never been before.
scene_heading: AMERICAN JOURNALIST & US TV REPORTER:
text: The hidden machinery of the
dialog: electoral process, unchanged since
dialog: medieval times, will soon begin in
dialog: secret. The cardinals will have a
dialog: week of discussions and meetings
dialog: before the voting. They will have
dialog: to decide between the tradition
dialog: supported by the Curia or for
dialog: reforms supported mostly by non
dialog: European cardinals.
text: Cardinals wearing their black cassocks are talking
dialog: everywhere. Feels like politicians. We see them in mini-
text: buses, at the dining room in Santa Marta, in the gardens, in
dialog: corridors.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM/ SISTINE CHAPEL (2005) - DAY
text: Ratzinger is washing his hands. He pauses. Someone is
text: whistling, a lovely, slow melody in the cubicle. He turns and
text: looks at the cubicle. Out of the cubicle comes BERGOGLIO.
text: They nod at each other. There is no love lost here. A moment
text: of pause, then Ratzinger’s diplomatic skills kick in. He asks
text: a politely neutral question in Latin.
scene_heading: RATZINGER: RATZINGER:
dialog: What’s the name of the song Quid est nomen carminis quod
dialog: you are singing? cantas?
dialog: 10
scene_heading: BERGOGLIO: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Dancing Queen Regina Saltans
text: Ratzinger looks slightly puzzled. Bergoglio goes into detail.
scene_heading: BERGOGLIO: (CONT'D) BERGOGLIO: (CONT'D)
dialog: By Abba Cantant Abba
text: As Ratzinger leaves, Bergoglio carries on whistling.
scene_heading: INT. CURIA MEETING ROOM (2005) - DAY
text: Before the Conclave starts the Cardinals gather at the Curia
text: to talk to each other. Several groups are formed. It feels
text: like the coffee break at a corporate convention.
text: As they do so, they pass Ratzinger, who is deep in
text: conversation with the elegant, austere, conservative Arinze.
text: But even as he is having this philosophical discussion,
text: Ratzinger greets each passing cardinal by name.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: We have to protect his legacy. The
dialog: truth is under siege. We need to
dialog: build strong walls around the
dialog: gospel.
speaker_heading: ARINZE:
dialog: How many winds of change we have
dialog: known in recent decades, how many
dialog: ideological currents. We need a
text: voice of certainty.
text: Meanwhile PICK UP ON Bergoglio, he moves toward his little
text: group of friends. He looks up in wonder. The place is
text: astounding.
text: The radical Italian cardinal - Martini - leans over his
text: shoulder and mutters to him.
speaker_heading: MARTINI:
dialog: The church is too used to this ...
dialog: to glory, to Europe. Churches that
dialog: are beautiful but empty. We’re like
text: a fire covered in ash. There is
text: still light in there but someone
dialog: needs to blow the ash away.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: You?
dialog: 11
speaker_heading: MARTINI:
dialog: It would be better if it was
dialog: someone from outside Europe.
dialog: Is Martini lobbying Bergoglio?
text: Ratzinger comes to the group where Bergoglio is. He’s been
text: greeting all the Cardinals one by one. Turkson first.
speaker_heading: TURKSON:
dialog: Danke fiir die schéne Predigt bei
dialog: der Beerdigung ...
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
scene_heading: Bitte schon. (TO HUMMES) Dom
dialog: Claudio Hummes, a vida era mais
dialog: facil quando todos falavam Latin.
dialog: Encantado.
text: Hummes laughs and shakes his hand.
text: Bergoglio is next. He gets nothing but a handshake, barely
dialog: any eye-contact.
text: As they move off, Hummes says quietly to Bergoglio.
speaker_heading: HUMMES :
dialog: No “encantado” for you.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: No.
scene_heading: EXT. ST. PETER'S SQUARE + ARCHIVE (2005) - DAY
speaker_heading: TV REPORTERS:
dialog: The cardinals only communication
dialog: with the outside World will be
text: through that chimney. White smoke
dialog: for a new Pope. Black for no
dialog: decision.
text: We get a close up of “THAT CHIMNEY” - a little tin stove pipe
text: on top of the Vatican.
text: Then we see news reporters from different countries all
text: saying the same thing in their various languages. Amusingly,
text: each one of them in turn points up to “that chimney” - making
text: the same point one after another.
dialog: 12
scene_heading: INT. - STAIRS TO THE SISTINE CHAPEL (2005) - DAY
text: Cardinals climbing the majestic stairs, crossing the lobby.
text: Swiss guards line their way as they head towards the doors of
dialog: the Sistine Chapel.
scene_heading: EXT. ST. PETER’S SQUARE (2005) - DAY
text: The square is full of people watching the pageantry on big
text: screens, telling their rosary beads, holding their breath.
speaker_heading: TV REPORTERS
dialog: And now the great doors will
dialog: finally be locked. Not be opened
dialog: again until we have a new Pope.
scene_heading: INT. SISTINE CHAPEL (2005) - DAY
text: CLOSE ON: A BIG KEY locking the door to the CHAPEL. The sound
text: of the key turning and then silence.
text: We see the last few cardinals going to their places.
scene_heading: INT. SISTINE CHAPEL (2005) - DAY
text: A scrutineer calls a cardinal by name. He stands up, walks
text: the length of the chapel, hands over his vote, walks back to
dialog: his place.
text: We see cardinal after cardinal go up, vote and sit down - in
text: a kind of ritual choreography.
text: Until it stops.
scene_heading: SCRUTINEER / CAMERLENGO: SCRUTATORE / CAMERLENGO:
dialog: The results of the first I risultati del primo
dialog: round of voting are as scrutinio sono i seguenti...
dialog: follows...Joseph Ratzinger - Joseph Ratzinger - 47 voti
dialog: 47 votes Jorge Bergoglio - 10 voti
dialog: Jorge Bergoglio - 10 votes
text: REACTION: BERGOGLIO, shocked. He barely can hear the rest of
text: the votes as the Scrutineer continues ...
scene_heading: SCRUTINEER / CAMERLENGO: SCRUTATORE / CAMERLENGO:
dialog: Carlo Maria Martini - 9 votes Carlo Maria Martini - 9 voti
dialog: Camillo Ruini - 6 votes Camillo Ruini - 6 voti
dialog: Angelo Sodano - 4 votes ... Angelo Sodano - 4 voti
text: REACTION: Ratzinger is watching Bergoglio trying to process
text: what just happened. He too barely listens ...
dialog: 13
scene_heading: SCRUTINEER / CAMERLENGO: SCRUTATORE / CAMERLENGO:
dialog: Oscar Maradiaga - 3 votes Oscar Mariadaga - 3 voti
dialog: Dionigi Tettamanzi - 2 votes Dionigi Tettamanzi - 2 voti
dialog: Giacomo Biffi - 1 vote Giacomo Biffi - 1 voto
dialog: Others - 33 votes Altri - 33 voti
text: REACTION: BERGOGLIO, shocked.
text: REACTION: Ratzinger looks at Bergoglio trying to understand
dialog: what has just happened.
scene_heading: EXT. ST PETER’S SQUARE (2005) - DAY
text: Come in again on “that chimney pot”. The first puffs of
text: smoke appear.
speaker_heading: TV REPORTERS:
dialog: And we have smoke! Is it white? Is
dialog: it black?
text: The EXCITED PUBLIC see smoke coming out of the CHAPEL
text: CHIMNEY. They strain to see what color. They stand on tip
text: toe, pull out binoculars.
speaker_heading: TV REPORTERS:
dialog: It’s Black! It’s Black! So no
dialog: candidate has achieved the seventy
dialog: seven votes required for an overall
dialog: majority. We go to another vote.
text: Sigh of disappointment from the crowd.
scene_heading: INT. ST. MARTA (2005) - DAY
text: The cardinals are queueing at the buffet.
dialog: Pick up on Ratzinger talking to a cardinal. He’ll make the
text: same speech - discreetly - to one cardinal after another
text: during the lunch break. The dialogue is continuous, but the
text: lines will be repeated in four different situations. At the
text: buffet, seated, standing in a corner with three African
text: Cardinals, talking to a table full of Asian Cardinals.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: We need one common point of
dialog: reference. Interpreted from many
dialog: angles yes. But one, unchanging
dialog: eternal truth. Take the traveller
text: who is lost. He takes out a, what?
speaker_heading: CARDINAL:
dialog: A mobile phone?
dialog: 14
speaker_heading: RATZINGER
dialog: In my day a compass--Only when it
dialog: finds True North can the compass
dialog: help. Without God, humanity has no
dialog: agreed reference point, no axis
dialog: mundi.
text: Pick up on Bergoglio sitting with his friends.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: It’s just ten votes.
speaker_heading: TURKSON:
dialog: No one from the Southern Hemisphere
dialog: has had so many before. The World
text: just tipped on its axis.
speaker_heading: HUMMES :
dialog: Martini got nine. That’s nineteen
dialog: votes for real change. If he tells
dialog: his followers to transfer their
dialog: votes to you ...
speaker_heading: TURKSON:
dialog: Like the mustard seed which when it
dialog: is planted is the smallest of all
dialog: seeds but which when it grows ...
speaker_heading: HUMMES :
text: The birds of the air make their
text: nests in it.
text: PICK UP ON Ratzinger giving his pitch to another cardinal. He
text: goes from one table to the next like a groom at his wedding.
dialog: Networking.
dialog: Go back to
text: Bergoglio, Hummes and Turkson. They talk out of the corners
dialog: of their mouths.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Reform needs a politician.
dialog: Transfer your votes to Cardinal
dialog: Martini. He has fought for reform
dialog: for years.
speaker_heading: HUMMES :
dialog: I already voted for Martini.
speaker_heading: TURKSON:
dialog: What! ?
dialog: 15
speaker_heading: HUMMES :
scene_heading: (TO BERGOGLIO) You said you didn’t
dialog: want it and I believed you. And now
dialog: Martini has just asked anyone who
dialog: voted for him to vote for you
dialog: instead.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: No. Please.
speaker_heading: TURKSON:
dialog: (Enjoying the discomfort) The most
dialog: important qualification for any
dialog: leader is not wanting to be
dialog: leader....Plato.
speaker_heading: HUMMES :
dialog: That's why it must not be
dialog: Ratzinger. He really wants it.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Do you feel he wants it? I think
dialog: he’d rather be in peace writing in
dialog: Bavaria. Being Pope is like being a
dialog: martyr.
text: He looks over at Ratzinger as he says this. Ratzinger spots
text: the look. He knows they are talking about him. He glances at
dialog: the camera.
text: A bell rings and we go back to:
scene_heading: INT. SISTINE CHAPEL (2005) - DAY
text: That timeless choreography of cardinals going up one by one
dialog: to vote. And of votes being counted.
text: The results of the second vote are announced. Bergoglio is
text: still in there. His vote has slightly increased.
speaker_heading: SCRUTINEER :
dialog: Joseph Ratzinger 65 ...
dialog: Jorge Bergoglio 35 ...
dialog: Angelo Sodano 4...
dialog: Dionigi Tettamanzi 2...
dialog: Giacomo Biffi 1...
dialog: Dario Hoyos 1...
speaker_heading: INSERT:
text: Shot of “that chimney” and some black smoke.
speaker_heading: INSERT:
dialog: 16
text: Time lapse of the Sun going down over the dome of St.
dialog: Peter's.
scene_heading: EXT. ST. PETER'S SQUARE (2005) - EVENING
text: Now familiar shot of Vatican-watchers sighing with
dialog: disappointment.
scene_heading: EXT. BUS PARKING SISTINE CHAPEL (2005) - EVENING
text: The cardinals are filing out, ready to be shown into a
text: cavalcade of mini-buses.
text: PICK UP ON Bergoglio stepping back to let another cardinal
text: get on the bus ahead of him. As he does so, Arinze - who is
text: heading for a different mini-bus - pauses and says something
text: to him discreetly.
speaker_heading: ARINZE:
dialog: Ratzinger has been here all his
dialog: life. If he was the man to change
dialog: things he would have done it by
dialog: now. I’1l join you for breakfast
dialog: tomorrow. I can bring you fifteen
dialog: votes if the conversation goes
dialog: well.
text: He slides off. That was the most discreet piece of lobbying
dialog: you ever saw in your life.
text: Hummes however saw it, through the window of the minibus. He
text: raises his eyes brows meaningfully at Bergoglio as he gets
dialog: in.
text: The busloads of cardinals move off.
scene_heading: INT. MINI BUS (2005) - EVENING
text: The bus load of cardinals - including Bergoglio - drives
text: round to the St. Marta. There’s a matey, male atmosphere.
text: Hummes, Bergoglio and others in the back of a minibus. Hummes
text: whispers in Bergoglio’s ear.
scene_heading: HUMMES : HUMMES :
dialog: If the conservatives are Si los conservadores lo toman
dialog: taking you seriously... well en serio, va a tener que
dialog: you're going to have to get a pedir el reembolso de su
dialog: refund on your return flight, viaje de vuelta.
dialog: Jorge.
dialog: 17
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOMS - ST. MARTA (2005) - NIGHT
text: Hummes opens his room door and finds an A4 envelope on the
text: floor. He picks it up, frowns.
text: He looks down the corridor. Every one of the rooms has an
text: identical envelope protruding from under the door.
scene_heading: INT. ST. MARTA - BREAKFAST ROOM (2005) - MORNING
text: Hummes and Bergoglio are collecting their coffee and rolls.
text: Hummes is telling him what happened.
text: On a nearby table a group of cardinals are conversing. A
text: couple of them have copies of the dossier with them. Some of
text: them glance discretely look at Bergoglio.
speaker_heading: HUMMES :
dialog: It’s a dossier. About you.
dialog: About your past.
speaker_heading: HUMMES :
dialog: Es un informe. Sobre usted.
dialog: Sobre su pasado.
text: A look of anguish on Bergoglio’s face.
speaker_heading: HUMMES :
dialog: You've got an enemy, Jorge.
dialog: Could be the government -
dialog: back home. The last thing
dialog: they need is to have to
dialog: pretend to be pleased to have
dialog: an Argentine pope, when he
dialog: spends all his time attacking
dialog: them for neglecting the poor.
dialog: Or it could come from the
dialog: leftwing press in Argentina,
dialog: you know they don’t like you
dialog: either. Or it could be this
dialog: lot - the Curia. You've got a
dialog: choice of enemies, Jorge.
speaker_heading: HUMMES :
dialog: Usted tiene un enemigo,
dialog: Jorge. Podria ser el gobierno
dialog: de su pais... Lo tltimo que
dialog: desean es verse obligados a
dialog: fingir que les encanta tener
dialog: un papa argentino, cuando
dialog: usted no ha dejado de
dialog: atacarlos por ignorar a los
dialog: pobres. O bien podria ser el
dialog: ala izquierda de la prensa de
dialog: Argentina... Usted sabe que a
dialog: ellos tampoco les cae bien...
dialog: O podria ser alguien de
dialog: nuestro mismo grupo... La
dialog: Curia. Usted tiene enemigos
dialog: de toda clase, Jorge.
text: BERGOGLIO spots Arinze coming towards him, carrying his own
text: austere breakfast. Arinze turns on his heel, blanking him.
text: Bergoglio’s status has changed over night.
scene_heading: INT. SISTINE CHAPEL (2005) - DAY
text: Back to the choreography of cardinals walking up to vote.
text: Their votes are handed over. They are counted.
dialog: 18
scene_heading: EXT. ST. PETER’S SQUARE (2005) - DAY
text: Back to that stove-pipe chimney but this time the chimney is
text: in the foreground, and the crowd is the background. A puff of
dialog: smoke.
speaker_heading: TV REPORTERS:
dialog: (WEARY) Black smoke again. This is
dialog: the second day and the third round
dialog: of voting so...no, wait. It’s
text: white. The smoke is white.
text: A huge cheer from the square. Bells start ringing.
speaker_heading: INSERT:
text: Shots of more cheering in -
dialog: Tokyo,
dialog: Manila,
dialog: Madrid.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM OF TEARS / VATICAN (2005) - DAY
speaker_heading: MONTAGE of:
dialog: A) One of three VELVET RED SHOES being selected by the
scene_heading: ASSISTANT.
text: B) The SHOES being slipped onto the PAPAL FEET...
text: C) One of three PAPAL VESTMENTS is selected by the ASSISTANT.
text: D) One of three WHITE SKULL CAPS...
text: E) The PAPAL RING is lifted from a CRIMSON VELVET PILLOW.
speaker_heading: TV REPORTER (V.O.)
text: The new Pope is taken into the
dialog: dressing room which has been known
dialog: for centuries as the Chamber of
dialog: Tears. Pope John XXIII famously
dialog: said that no one tells the new Pope
dialog: whether they are tears of joy or of
dialog: sorrow. He has to find out for
dialog: himself.
scene_heading: F) A SHORT RED CAPE, the MOZZETA, is selected.
dialog: 19
text: G) The PAPAL PALLIUM, a thick red decorated band that
text: encircles the neck with pendants on the end, is lifted from a
dialog: frame...
text: H) A GOLDEN MITRE is set into the now RINGED HAND of the NEW
text: PONTIFF...
scene_heading: EXT. ST. PETER'S SQUARE (2005) - DAY
text: - the DOORS of the BALCONY open - and the red-robed
text: Protodeacon - ESTEVEZ - appears, flanked by two SWISS GUARDS.
text: One of the GUARDS swings a MICROPHONE on a pole in front of
text: ESTEVEZ, as the CROWD falls silent....
speaker_heading: ESTEVEZ:
dialog: Fratelli e sorelle carissimi
dialog: (the italians roar)
dialog: Queridisimos hermanos y hermanas.
dialog: (the hispanic contingent
dialog: roars)
dialog: Bien chers fréres et seurs.
dialog: (the French roar)
dialog: Liebe Briieder und Schwestern
dialog: (a German roar)
dialog: Dear brothers and sisters
speaker_heading: ESTEVEZ: (CONT'D)
dialog: Annuntio vobis gaudium magnum;
dialog: habemus Papam!
text: The CROWD ROAR, and then fall silent, awaiting the name of
text: the new POPE.
speaker_heading: ESTEVEZ (CONT'D)
dialog: Eminentissimum ac Reverendissimum
dialog: Dominum, Dominum Josephum Sanctae
dialog: Romanae Ecclesiae Cardinalem
dialog: Ratzinger, qui sibi nomen imposuit
dialog: Benedictum XVI.
text: ANGLE ON: The GERMAN contingent, identified by a GERMAN FLAG,
text: who erupt in JUBILANT JOY, jumping up and down and screaming
dialog: like football supporters.
text: Estevez retires and - a second later - the NEW POPE steps out
text: onto the BALCONY in FULL CEREMONIAL DRESS, wearing mitre. He
text: raises his hands and joins them above his head, as the CROWD
dialog: begin to CHANT:
speaker_heading: CROWD
text: VIVA PAPA! VIVA PAPA! VIVA PAPA!
dialog: 20
text: CLOSE ON: RATZINGER, smiling.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: My dear brothers and sisters
dialog: in Christ, after the great
dialog: Pope John Paul II, the
dialog: cardinals have elected me, a
text: simple and humble worker in
dialog: the vineyard of the Lord. I
dialog: am consoled by the fact that
dialog: the Lord knows how to work
text: even with flawed instruments.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Cari fratelli e sorelle, dopo
dialog: il grande Papa Giovanni Paolo
dialog: II, i signori cardinali hanno
dialog: eletto me, un semplice e
dialog: umile lavoratore nella vigna
dialog: del Signore. Mi consola il
dialog: fatto che il Signore sa
dialog: lavorare e agire anche con
dialog: strumenti insufficienti.
text: REACTION CROWD: Listening, respectfully, but - seem
scene_heading: UNEMOTIONAL, COOL.
scene_heading: INT. VATICAN (2005) - EVENING
text: Bergoglio is talking to Hummes as they leave. We can still
text: hear music and cheering from outside.
scene_heading: CLAUDIO HUMMES:
dialog: What will you do now?
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Back to Buenos Aires. Plan my
dialog: retirement.
scene_heading: CLAUDIO HUMMES:
dialog: I was actually asking what
dialog: you were going to do for
dialog: lunch. You’re too young to
dialog: retire.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: The church has just voted to
dialog: make sure overdue reforms
dialog: remain overdue. I can
dialog: probably do more good as a
dialog: parish priest.
scene_heading: CLAUDIO HUMMES:
dialog: éQué piensa hacer ahora?
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Volver a Buenos Aires y
dialog: planear mi retiro.
scene_heading: CLAUDIO HUMMES:
dialog: En realidad le preguntaba que
dialog: pensaba hacer para el
dialog: almuerzo. Usted es demasiado
dialog: joven para retirarse.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: La Iglesia acaba de votar
dialog: para que las reformas que no
dialog: se hicieron sigan sin
dialog: hacerse... Creo que puedo
dialog: ayudar mas trabajando como un
dialog: simple cura de parroquia.
scene_heading: EXT. BUENOS AIRES GALLERIA (2012)- SATURDAY EVENING
text: Bergoglio is coming out of a barbershop, having just had his
text: hair cut. Outside the shop is a post office kiosk.
text: A woman - LISABETTA - is also at the kiosk, buying stamps.
text: Bergoglio goes in for a bit of banter.
dialog: 21
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Don’t buy stamps from ‘Tonio.
dialog: They don’t work.
speaker_heading: TONIO:
dialog: There’s nothing wrong with my
dialog: stamps.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: I wrote a beautiful, elegant
dialog: letter to someone a month ago
dialog: and no reply. Sent the same
text: letter again, still no reply.
dialog: His stamps don’t work.
speaker_heading: LISABETTA:
dialog: It doesn’t matter how good
dialog: your letter is, Jorge, they
dialog: are never going to let you
text: play in goal for San Lorenzo.
dialog: Bergoglio sonrie.
speaker_heading: LISABETTA: (CONT'D) (CONT'D)
dialog: Maybe you got the wrong
dialog: address.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: It’s quite a well-known
dialog: address.
speaker_heading: LISABETTA:
dialog: Who is it?
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: The Pope.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: No le compres estampillas a
dialog: Tonio que no sirven para
dialog: nada.
speaker_heading: TONIO:
dialog: Mis estampillas no tienen
dialog: nada de malo.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Escribi una carta preciosa el
dialog: mes pasado y nunca me
dialog: respondieron. La mandé de
dialog: nuevo y tampoco recibi
dialog: respuesta. Sus estampillas no
dialog: sirven.
speaker_heading: LISABETTA:
dialog: (bromea )
dialog: No importa lo bien escrita
dialog: que esté su carta, Jorge...
dialog: nunca van a dejarlo jugar en
dialog: San Lorenzo!
speaker_heading: LISABETTA: (CONT’D)
dialog: Talvez la mandé a la
dialog: direccién equivocada.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Imposible... Es una direcci6n
dialog: bastante conocida.
text: Lisabetta gives Bergoglio a letter.
speaker_heading: LISABETTA:
dialog: So Tonio’s stamps work. I
dialog: came to bring you this
dialog: letter. It’s from the
dialog: Vatican.
speaker_heading: PICK UP.
speaker_heading: LISABETTA:
dialog: éA quién se la mand6?
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Al Papa
speaker_heading: LISABETTA:
dialog: Las estampillas de Tonio si’
dialog: funcionan. Vine a traerle
dialog: esta carta. Es del Vaticano.
text: Lisabetta and Bergoglio walk along the galeria. Bergoglio
text: takes the letter from the envelope and starts reading.
dialog: 22
speaker_heading: LISABETTA:
dialog: Why do you want to talk to
dialog: the pope?
scene_heading: PICK UP ON -
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Already booked my flight.
speaker_heading: LISABETTA:
dialog: No. Seriously? Why? What’s so
dialog: urgent?
speaker_heading: LISABETTA:
dialog: Porque quiere hablar con el
dialog: Papa?
text: He hasn’t yet read the letter.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Ya reservé mi vuelo.
speaker_heading: LISABETTA:
dialog: No. En serio?? Porqué? Qué
dialog: puede ser tan urgente?
text: Once again he doesn’t respond except by looking through the
text: letters. He’s being evasive. She guesses.
speaker_heading: LISABETTA: (CONT’D)
dialog: You're going to resign.
text: He looks up.
speaker_heading: LISABETTA: (CONT’D)
dialog: You wrote telling him and he
dialog: didn’t reply. No. Don’t. We
dialog: need you. Maybe that’s why he
dialog: didn’t reply. Maybe he can
dialog: see how much Buenos Aires
dialog: needs you.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: He’d need a good telescope to
dialog: spot that from the Vatican
dialog: palace. (Skim -reading) He’s
dialog: summoned me to Rome.
speaker_heading: LISABETTA:
dialog: Maybe he does have a
dialog: telescope.
speaker_heading: LISABETTA: (CONT’D)
dialog: Usted quiere renunciar.
speaker_heading: LISABETTA: (CONT’D)
dialog: Le escribi6 para decirselo y
dialog: él no le contest6. No. No lo
dialog: haga. Nosotros lo
dialog: necesitamos. Tal vez por eso
dialog: no le contest6. Tal vez él
dialog: puede ver cuanto lo necesita
dialog: Buenos Aires.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Va a necesitar un buen
dialog: largavistas para verlo desde
dialog: el palacio del Vaticano.
dialog: (lee por encima la
dialog: carta)
dialog: Quiere verme en Roma.
speaker_heading: LISABETTA:
dialog: Parece que ya se consigui6é un
dialog: buen largavistas...
dialog: 23
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: I booked my flights BEFORE I
dialog: was summoned.
speaker_heading: LISABETTA:
dialog: That’s quite a coincidence.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: There’s no such thing as
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Yo reservé mi vuelo antes de
dialog: recibir este citatorio.
speaker_heading: LISABETTA:
dialog: Es una coincidencia.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Las coincidencias no existen.
dialog: Todos estamos en las manos de
dialog: Dios.
dialog: coincidences. We’re in God’s
dialog: hands.
scene_heading: INT. PRIVATE CHAPEL, VATICAN (2012) - DAY
text: Ratzinger alone, praying in Latin, takes his HANDS FROM HIS
text: FACE, and finishes praying in a little side-chapel.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Domine exaudi orationem meam.
text: He makes a weary SIGN of the CROSS, approaches the ALTAR and,
text: with a CANDLE SNUFFER, SNUFFS out the flame. Oddly, the SMOKE
text: from the flame doesn’t rise, but drifts left and right,
text: meandering! Ratzinger looks upward, for the cause. He tries
text: to waft the smoke upwards.
scene_heading: EXT. /INT (2012) - NEWS REPORT
text: MONTAGE: of news reports of Benedict as Pope.
speaker_heading: NEWSREADERS:
dialog: It’s “What the Butler leaked” as
text: another scandal rocks the Vatican.
dialog: Word today of a new crisis as a
dialog: leaked 300 page dossier surfaces
text: which paints a damning picture of
text: the curia. Riven with factionalism,
dialog: resisting reform, malpractice by
dialog: the Vatican bank; and even sexual
dialog: misconduct among high-ranking
text: members of the clergy. The man who
dialog: leaked the document - the Pope’s
dialog: own personal assistant, Paolo
dialog: Gabrielle - has been arrested and
dialog: charged with theft for stealing the
dialog: document.
text: A) Paolo opens the door for Ratzinger at the private
text: entrance at the Vatican.
dialog: 24
text: B) Paolo pours Fanta for Ratzinger as he dines with other
dialog: Cardinals.
dialog: C) We could also have a bad quality image of a priest with
text: prostitute in the street at night.
text: D) Vatican Bank seen from outside.
dialog: E) Money.
text: F) A Bishop coming out of a fancy car.
text: G) On the TV, Paolo is being lead away by some Italian
dialog: police. Off Paolo’s face we -
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BUENOS AIRES HIGHWAY TO AIRPORT (2012) - END OF DAY.
text: Bergoglio looks out of the bus window at the passing shanty
dialog: town.
scene_heading: INT. FIUMICINO - LEONARDO DA VINCI (2012) - DAY
text: Bergoglio’s battered shoes stroll through Arrivals. He is
text: wearing a black jacket and trousers, like a parish priest.
text: When he steps through the doors he spots a liveried driver
text: holding up a sign with BERGOGLIO written on it.
speaker_heading: DRIVER:
dialog: Are you the Cardinal Archbishop of
dialog: Buenos Aires?
text: He is. The driver was expecting someone better dressed.
speaker_heading: DRIVER:
dialog: Eminence ...
text: He offers to take Bergoglio’s bag.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: No, no. It’s fine thanks.
scene_heading: EXT. FIUMICINO - LEONARDO DA VINCI (2012) - DAY
text: Bergoglio strolls out of the airport, stops and stares. The
text: car that is waiting for him is a massive Merc.
dialog: 25
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: I’m guessing it’s that one?
text: He goes to open the front passenger door. The driver opens
dialog: the back one.
speaker_heading: DRIVER:
dialog: Oh but Eminence ...
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: I prefer to ride up front.
scene_heading: INT. CAR (2012) - DAY
text: The car drives off. As it pulls away, two motorbikes cruise
text: in front of it.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Did you hear the story of the time
dialog: the Pope was out in one of these
dialog: and he really wanted to drive it
dialog: himself so he persuaded the driver
dialog: to give him a go?
speaker_heading: DRIVER:
dialog: With respect Eminence I am the
dialog: Papal driver and I don’t recall any
dialog: such incident.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Anyway the driver got in the back,
text: the Pope got behind the wheel and
text: he really let rip - full throttle,
text: way over the speed limit.
speaker_heading: DRIVER:
dialog: Whoever told you this was not
dialog: telling you the truth.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
text: So the police pull him over and he
text: winds the window down. The
text: policeman looks shocked. He radios
text: back to his station. He says, boss
dialog: I don’t know what to do. I just
dialog: pulled a guy over. I don’t know who
dialog: he is but he must be super-
text: important. Because his chauffeur is
dialog: the Pope.
text: The driver still hasn't clocked that this is a joke.
dialog: 26
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: It wasn’t the present Pope by the
dialog: way SO ...
text: Suddenly it clicks and the driver bursts out laughing.
scene_heading: EXT. ROADS (2012) - DAY
text: As they drive towards the Lazio hills...
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO : (V.O.)
dialog: This isn’t the way to Rome.
speaker_heading: DRIVER:
dialog: The Pope - the present Pope - is in
dialog: his Summer residence.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO : (V.O.)
dialog: Oh. Summer residence. Maybe that’s
dialog: why he didn’t get my letters.
scene_heading: EXT. ROADS IN LAZIALE (2012) - DAY
text: As the car draws closer to Castel Gandolfo.
speaker_heading: DRIVER:
dialog: Eminence, if you are meeting His
dialog: Holiness this morning he prefers to
dialog: see his bishops dressed like
dialog: bishops and his cardinals like
dialog: cardinals.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Really? Do you have a spare
text: cardinal’s hat.
text: The driver is taken aback but it’s just another joke.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: It’s Ok, I do have my cassock with
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: PICK UP ON
text: The big limo and outriders parked up in a lay by next to a
text: porqueto snack truck. Behind the truck, Bergoglio takes off
text: his jacket and shirt and pulls on a black cassock. Across
text: the lake we can see the dome of Castel Gandolfo.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO: (CONT'D)
dialog: (Of the distant town) Is that it?
dialog: 27
text: The driver nods. Bergoglio looks uneasy.
scene_heading: EXT. CASTEL GANDOLFO (2012) - DAY
text: The POPE’s Summer Retreat. The LIMO arrives and enters the
text: gate. Evidence everywhere of wealth, and power.
scene_heading: INT. POPE’S OFFICE/CASTEL GANDOLFO (2012) - DAY
text: TRACK IN on: Ratzinger (now Pope Benedict), from behind, as
text: he looks out of the window at the arriving Limo. A nun goes
text: to greet the limo and welcome the guest.
text: Behind him his new assistant - Roberto - is on the phone. We
dialog: can just about overhear...
speaker_heading: ROBERTO:
dialog: Yes, His Holiness is reading
dialog: the report as we speak. Yes,
dialog: His Holiness is very much
dialog: aware. He will return to Rome
dialog: very soon.
text: Roberto hangs up.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Make him comfortable. I’1l
dialog: come and speak with him
speaker_heading: ROBERTO:
dialog: Si’, Sua Santita’ sta
dialog: leggendo la relazione proprio
dialog: mentre parliamo. Si, Sua
dialog: Santita’ ne e’ al corrente.
dialog: Rientrera’ a Roma molto
dialog: presto.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Mettetelo a suo agio. Verro’
dialog: a parlargli tra breve.
dialog: shortly.
scene_heading: EXT. GARDEN/CASTEL GANDOLFO (2012) - DAY
text: A NUN leads Bergoglio into a stunning, formal, immaculately
text: manicured garden. Fountains bubble. Birds sing. Topiary casts
text: elegant shadows.
speaker_heading: NUN:
dialog: His Holiness will join you shortly.
text: Bergoglio chooses a stone bench upon which to sit. He waits,
text: looks at his watch.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Does the Holy Father meet his
dialog: Cardinals here often?
speaker_heading: NUN:
dialog: No. First time.
text: The servant returns with an umbrella.
dialog: 28
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
text: It’s not raining.
speaker_heading: NUN:
dialog: In Rome, one never knows what will
dialog: happen next.
text: The servant goes. Bergoglio looks up at the sky, takes out
text: his breviary and starts to pray.
scene_heading: INT. CASTEL GANDOLFO (2012) - DAY
text: Ratzinger is walking along the corridor accompanied by
text: Roberto. They are intercepted by a well-dressed Vatican
text: APPARATCHIK who mutters something to Roberto. He’s carrying
text: an iPad and showing Roberto stuff as he goes along.
scene_heading: ROBERTO: ROBERTO:
dialog: Holiness ... Santita’...
text: Ratzinger allows himself to be turned aside. He seems to be a
dialog: prisoner here.
scene_heading: EXT. CASTEL GANDOLFO - GARDEN BRIDGE (2012) - DAY
text: Bergoglio is still reading but now the heat is intensifying.
text: He checks his watch and mops his brow. He unties his shoes.
text: He sees a gardener from where he’s seated. He checks his
text: watch again, decides to go and chat to the gardener.
scene_heading: EXT. CASTLE GANDOLFO - GARDEN BRIDGE - DAY
text: Ratzinger crosses the little bridge that leads to the garden
text: but can’t find Bergoglio, he sees only his suitcase on the
text: bench. He looks up and sees Bergoglio talking to the
text: gardener, marvelling at how easily he gets on with people.
scene_heading: RATZINGER: RATZINGER:
text: (TO ROBERTO) How long has he (a ROBERTO)
dialog: been here? Da quanto tempo e’ qui?
scene_heading: ROBERTO: ROBERTO:
text: An hour. Un’ora.
scene_heading: RATZINGER: RATZINGER:
dialog: He looks as though he’s lived Sembra che abbia vissuto qui
dialog: here all his life. tutta la vita.
dialog: 29
scene_heading: EXT. CASTLE GANDOLFO -
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Is this oregano?
scene_heading: HERB GARDEN - DAY
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Questo e’ origano?
text: It is. He plucks a leaf and smells it.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: It takes me back. My mother
dialog: swore by oregano. It made
dialog: everything taste good. It
dialog: could cure the common cold
dialog: -.. it could raise the dead.
speaker_heading: GARDENER:
dialog: Mine was the same. Shred it
text: into the breadcrumbs ...
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: I still do it that way.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Mi riporta nel passato. Mia
dialog: madre non poteva farne a
dialog: meno. Dava a tutto un buon
dialog: sapore. Curava il
dialog: raffreddore... poteva
dialog: resuscitare i morti.
speaker_heading: GIARDINIERE:
dialog: Anche la mia. Lo tritava nel
dialog: pangrattato...
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Io lo preparo ancora cosi’.
text: They're laughing and chatting when we pull back to find
text: Ratzinger and Roberto have now entered the garden.
text: Ratzinger takes a breath, smooths himself down and transforms
text: himself from a rattled, edgy old man into a decorous,
text: dignified pontiff. He seems to do this with a single breath.
text: He glides over to Bergoglio and greets him in Spanish.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Good morning.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Holiness ...
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Buenos dias.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Sanctitas...
text: He kisses Ratzinger’s ring and holds the umbrella so it
text: shades both himself and the Pope.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Last time we met we spoke
dialog: Latin.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: It was a very short meeting.
dialog: But please, not Latin. I was
dialog: never the student you were,
dialog: Holy Father
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Ultima qua convénimus
dialog: occasione, latine locuti
dialog: sumus
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Conventus brevissimus
dialog: erat.Obsecro, non Latine.
dialog: Numquam studiosus fui ut tu,
dialog: Sancte Pater.
text: Ratzinger humorously agrees to slip into English. He displays
text: his sense of humour about the irritable cardinals.
dialog: 30
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Latin is useful. Especially when I
dialog: have to announce bad news to
text: Cardinals. Only 20% become angry as
dialog: only 20% know what I have said.
dialog: I’m sorry to have kept you waiting.
dialog: I know you value punctuality.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: It’s a beautiful afternoon. I have
dialog: my breviary. I take the last hour
dialog: as a gift of peace from you.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: My last assistant - Paolo - he
dialog: would have made sure I got here on
dialog: time. He was perfect.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
text: But now he’s in jail.
dialog: He knows this isn’t a sensitive comment.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO: (CONT'D)
dialog: That must have been hard for you.
text: Ratzinger indicates the bench, inviting him to sit down. The
text: lake is seen behind.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO: (CONT'D)
dialog: We could walk if you preferred.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: That might not be wise.
text: Puzzling remark. He clarifies.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER: (CONT'D)
dialog: Your shoelaces are undone ...
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Ooh!
text: Instinctively he goes to hand the umbrella to Ratzinger so he
text: can tie his laces but Ratzinger doesn’t offer to take it.
dialog: That would be a breach of protocol. So Bergoglio is left
text: awkwardly trying to put down the umbrella and tie his shoes
text: at the same time. It’s a power play. While Bergoglio is
text: crouched down Ratzinger takes advantage of his discomfort.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: You wrote to me asking for
dialog: permission to resign.
dialog: 31
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Oh. Yes. I have my papers with me.
text: He takes the papers from his jacket but when he looks up.
text: Ratzinger seats on the bench with the view of the lake
text: behind. Bergoglio catches up, now juggling papers and
dialog: umbrella.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Cardinals are not required to offer
dialog: their resignation until they’re
dialog: seventy five. Are you ill?
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: I have a problem with my lungs.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: You were born with that. It’s not
dialog: really troubled you so far.
text: Bergoglio looks askance. Ratzinger makes a gesture for him to
text: seat. He does.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: It’s in your file.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: My file!?
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: We have files on everyone. You have
dialog: no reason to feel flattered.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: I’m not ill.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: In fact you’re very active. You
dialog: walk everywhere. Sometimes use a
dialog: bicycle.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: I also tango. Once a week.
text: Ratzinger is taken aback at this.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO
dialog: I’m Argentinian. Football and tango
dialog: are compulsory.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER
dialog: With ... somebody?
dialog: 32
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO
dialog: One might look foolish if one
dialog: attempted the tango alone. So for
dialog: the sake of the dignity of my
dialog: office - yes. With someone.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER
dialog: You have been one of my harshest
dialog: critics. There’s a lot of
dialog: competition for that title.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: I’ve never spoken out against you.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Not directly. When I made it easier
dialog: to get permission to use the old
dialog: Tridentine mass, I was criticized
dialog: because it contains a prayer for
dialog: the conversion of the Jews.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: I never said a word.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: You invited the chief rabbi to a
dialog: public lunch.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Rabbi Skora and I go back a long
dialog: way. Also I'd cooked too much.
text: Wasting food is stealing from the
dialog: poor.
text: By now they have strolled into one of those decorative mazes.
text: Preoccupied, they take the twists and turns as they come.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: You refuse to live in the official
dialog: Archbishop's palace.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: It’s too big for me. Too grand.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: By living so simply you imply that
dialog: the rest of us are not living
dialog: simply enough.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Surely one can never live simply
dialog: enough.
dialog: 33
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: On married priests ...
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO
dialog: I was misquoted. I said celibacy
dialog: can be a blessing but it might also
dialog: be a curse.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER
dialog: On homosexuality ...
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: All I said was ...
speaker_heading: RATZINGER
dialog: You were no doubt misquoted again?
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
text: Taken out of context.
text: Ratzinger stops walking and faces Bergoglio.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER
dialog: Might I suggest you try telling
dialog: newspapers the opposite of what you
dialog: think?! Your chances of being
dialog: quoted correctly might improve!
text: Ratzinger seems rattled. Bergoglio composed. He smiles.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Yes, Holiness.
text: They are interrupted by a beep from the watch. Ratzinger
dialog: explains.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: My doctor gave it to me. It counts
dialog: your steps and monitors your heart
dialog: beat ... He said “you are in good
dialog: shape for 86, but very bad shape
dialog: for a human being.” I believe this
dialog: was a joke.
text: The watch speaks again.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER: (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m patronized by a watch!
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: I know how it feels to be
dialog: patronized.
text: Benedict gives Bergoglio a look.
dialog: 34
text: The watch pipes up
speaker_heading: WATCH:
dialog: Don’t stop now! Keep moving!
text: Bergoglio smiles. Ratzinger smiles back. They get walking.
scene_heading: EXT. CASTEL GANDOLFO - MAZE 1 (2012) - DAY
text: They walk through a maze with narrow aisles. Bergoglio is
text: behind Benedict but still holding the umbrella so it protects
dialog: the Pope. It’s not easy.
text: Again Ratzinger seems not to notice the other man’s
text: discomfort. They walk and talk.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: You openly give the sacraments to
dialog: those who are out of communion ...
dialog: to the divorced, for instance ...
text: Bergoglio comes back on this, cutting the Pope off.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: I believe the sacraments are not a
dialog: reward for the virtuous. They’re
dialog: food for the starving.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: So what matters is what YOU
dialog: believe, not what the Church has
dialog: taught for hundreds of years.
scene_heading: EXT. CASTLE GANDOLFO, ARCH - DAY
text: Ratzinger walks away looking slightly self-satisfied. He’s
text: provoked this explosion. Bergoglio follows.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Mark 2.xvii - “I came to call
dialog: sinners,” as the Church has taught
dialog: for THOUSANDS of years.
dialog: They walk up - ARCH
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: But if we do not draw a line ...
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: «+. or build a wall to separate ...
dialog: 35
speaker_heading: RATZINGER
dialog: You speak as if all walls are bad.
text: A house is made of walls. Strong
dialog: walls.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Did Jesus build walls? His face is
dialog: Mercy. The bigger the sinner, the
dialog: warmer the welcome. Mercy is the
text: dynamite that blows down walls.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER
dialog: You have answers for everything.
dialog: Don’t you? You’re clever. Far too
dialog: clever.
text: Ratzinger walks away.
scene_heading: EXT. - CASTLE GANDOLFO - TEA TABLE - DAY
text: Ratzinger and Bergoglio are having tea.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: You see my dilemma. You are
dialog: eloquent. You are popular. If I
dialog: allow you to resign, it will look
text: like a protest. The Church being
dialog: attacked from all sides. Why would
dialog: you want to abandon her to her
dialog: enemies? Does a shepherd run away
dialog: when the wolves appear?
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: I’m not running away. I’1l take a
dialog: parish. I'll be a good shepherd to
dialog: its people.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Don’t you see? You were very nearly
dialog: elected Pope. If you go, that is a
dialog: criticism. The way you live is a
dialog: criticism. Your SHOES are a
dialog: criticism.
text: Bergoglio looks down at his shoes...
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO: (SMILING)
dialog: What is wrong with my shoes? They
dialog: look...
dialog: 36
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Do not make a joke. It’s dishonest.
dialog: I am the Pope. Have enough respect
dialog: to show me your real anger.
text: Bergoglio is on the back foot now.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Holy Father ...
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: If I allow someone of your standing
dialog: simply to walk away - it will look
dialog: like a protest. Is it a protest?
text: Bergoglio is on the spot now.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER: (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you think the Church is failing?
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: We are losing people. In America,
dialog: if Lapsed Catholics were a
dialog: religion, it would be the fourth
dialog: biggest one.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER
dialog: And this is the fault of the
dialog: Church? Not of Western relativism
dialog: and permissiveness, of anything
dialog: goes?
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: You called the church narcissistic.
dialog: Or were you misquoted?
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: No. I did say that. It seems to me
dialog: that the Church - your Church -
speaker_heading: RATZINGER
dialog: My church?
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:.
text: OUR Church is moving in directions
dialog: I can’t condone ... or not moving
dialog: at all when the times cry out for
dialog: movement. I no longer wish to be a
dialog: salesman...
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: A salesman?
dialog: 37
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:.
dialog: For a product..
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: A product?
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: That I can’t with full conscience
dialog: endorse.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER
dialog: ...that you don’t believe in?
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: It’s like we don’t belong to this
dialog: world...
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: “A church that marries the spirit
dialog: of the age ...
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: -+. will be widowed in the next
dialog: age.” Yes yes I know.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: When you were leader of the Jesuits
dialog: in Argentina you removed all the
dialog: books on Marxism from the library.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: For many years I made the
dialog: seminarians wear cassocks all day -
dialog: even when they were working in the
dialog: vegetable patch. And I called civil
dialog: marriage for homosexuals, the
dialog: devil’s plan.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: You were not unlike me.
text: There's a flicker of emotion here - as though this change in
text: him is a personal betrayal.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: I changed.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER
dialog: No. You compromised.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: No. I changed. It’s a different
dialog: thing.
dialog: 38
text: Ratzinger starts to walk away from Bergoglio again. He has
dialog: had enough of semantics this morning. (“Changed” —
dialog: “Compromised” - Enough!)
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Life - the life He gave us - is all
dialog: change. You are the successor of
dialog: St. Peter. St. Peter was married!
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Oh, thank you for telling me. I had
dialog: no idea.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: We didn’t ask priests to be
dialog: celibate until 12th Century.
dialog: Angels! Barely mentioned until the
text: fifth century then suddenly angels
dialog: are everywhere -- like pigeons!
dialog: Nothing is static in nature or in
dialog: the universe, not even God.
text: The Pope stops in front of a pond, turns to Bergoglio - He is
dialog: tired of all of this.
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: God does not change!
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Yes. He does. He is evolving. He
dialog: moves towards us as we...
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: I am the way! The truth! And the
dialog: life! Where should we find him if
dialog: He is always moving?
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: On the journey?
text: Ratzinger stops again. Buzz of dragonflies, insects and birds
text: by the pond. He flicks a fly from his face. He sees a
text: gardener. The gardener looks.
speaker_heading: GARDENER 2:
dialog: Your Holiness.
text: Ratzinger waves to him. Smiles.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Buon Giorno.
dialog: 39
text: The greeting made the gardener’s day.
text: They walk again, towards a gate.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER
dialog: This is ego. You think you know
dialog: better.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: I’m an Argentinian. How does an
dialog: Argentinian kill himself? He climbs
text: to the top of his ego and jumps
dialog: off!
text: This quip is supposed to thaw the ice a little. It doesn’t.
scene_heading: EXT. CASTLE GANDOLFO - WOODS - DAY
text: They move through a gate into a wooded area.
text: Ratzinger looks around, uneasy.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: I’m not familiar with this part of
dialog: the garden...
text: He suddenly seems frail and elderly. Bergoglio takes his arm.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: If there is some shade.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Yes, and perhaps we’ll find God
dialog: over there. On “the journey”! I’11
dialog: introduce you to him.
text: On a dirty wild path. Walk and talk. The sound of cicadas is
text: suddenly shrill and deafening.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER
dialog: We defend two thousand years of
dialog: tradition. But Bergoglio knows
dialog: better.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: We - have spent these last years
dialog: disciplining anyone who questions
dialog: the line on birth control, divorce,
dialog: being gay.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 40
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO: (CONT'D)
dialog: While our planet was being
dialog: destroyed, while inequality grew
dialog: like a cancer, we worried about
dialog: whether it was alright to say mass
dialog: in Latin, whether girls should be
dialog: allowed to be altar servers? We
dialog: built a wall around ourselves and
dialog: all the time the real danger was
dialog: inside with us.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER
dialog: What are you talking about?
text: They are in a less well-kept area, with fallen branches, an
dialog: area where no one goes.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: I think you know. We knew that
dialog: there were priests ... bishops ...
dialog: great men of the Church who preyed
dialog: on children. And what did we do?
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: We are addressing this. No one
dialog: could have imagined the scale, the
text: difficulty. From the outside, with
dialog: hindsight this seems simple but
dialog: when you are trying to lead an
dialog: organisation that has a billion
dialog: members ...
text: Bergoglio cuts him off.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: We heard their confession. And
dialog: moved them on to their next parish,
dialog: where they could start all over
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: We believed if they showed
dialog: repentance ...
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: “That it was better if nine
dialog: children suffer than if nine
dialog: million lost their faith because of
dialog: a scandal?”
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: No. Of course not. That’s
text: grotesque.
dialog: 4l
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: A bishop. He said it to me.
scene_heading: EXT. CASTLE GANDOLFO - BENCH IN THE WOODS
text: They are now in a little glade with a bench in it. Ratzinger
text: doesn’t answer but sinks down onto the bench. Bergoglio is
text: not sure if protocol allows him to sit too.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER
dialog: How did you answer him?
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: I ordered him to strip the priest
dialog: of his priestly ministry, and to
dialog: initiate a canonical trial in his
dialog: tribunal. Straight away. I did not
dialog: think that a few magic words from
dialog: the priest would make everything
dialog: alright again.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER
dialog: “Magic words”?! Is that how you
dialog: describe the sacrament of ...
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Confession cleans the sinner’s
text: soul. It doesn’t help the victim.
dialog: Our whole church is in need of
dialog: forgiveness. Where is our humility?
dialog: Sin is a wound, not a stain. It
dialog: needs to be treated, healed.
dialog: Forgiveness is not enough.
text: The urbane, calm approach he took at first has gone. He
text: speaks with passion and anger.
text: Ratzinger responds with forensic cool.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER
dialog: You say “we” but you mean
dialog: Ratzinger.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: No, Father, believe me.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER
dialog: Who was too busy defending our
dialog: teachings? Who fretted about the
dialog: words of the liturgy? I am the one
dialog: you think was to blame.
dialog: 42
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Father ..
speaker_heading: RATZINGER
dialog: Your resignation is a protest
dialog: against the Holy See. And you are
dialog: asking me to ratify it.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: You say you no longer wish to be a
dialog: Cardinal Archbishop. Are you sure
dialog: you still wish to be even a priest?
text: Ratzinger turns on his heel and goes.
text: Bergoglio groans. This didn’t go well. He puts his head in
text: his hands.
text: Bergoglio walks, alone, towards the residence.
scene_heading: EXT. CASTEL GANDOLFO (2012) - EVENING
text: At the door where she greeted him earlier, the nun is waiting
text: holding his briefcase.
speaker_heading: NUN:
dialog: The Holy Father has retired now
dialog: until dinner. I’m to show you your
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Room! ?
scene_heading: INT. CASTEL GANDOLFO - CORRIDOR (2012) - EVENING
text: Bergoglio is following the nun along the intimidating
text: corridors. He’s not happy here. The nun shows him a room.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Thank you, sister.
speaker_heading: NUN:
dialog: Oh. I almost forgot. A message from
dialog: your assistant in Buenos Aires ...
text: She hands him a piece of paper. He unfolds it, troubled.
text: She shows him to his room. As he goes into his room...
dialog: 43
speaker_heading: NUN: (CONT'D)
dialog: Is it bad news, father?
text: INSERT: Shot of the piece of paper in his hand. It’s a
text: starting line up for tonight’s big San Lorenzo game.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: I'm afraid so. Lavezzi is not in
dialog: the starting line up for Argentina
dialog: and Equador tomorrow.
text: PICK UP ON Bergoglio trying to pray a little later. He is
text: distracted by the decoration in the room - paintings of
text: saints surrounded by beaming baby-faced cherubim.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM / CASTEL GANDOLFO (2012) - NIGHT
text: Bergoglio comes downstairs. He’s lost until the same nun
text: spots him and summons him. She shows him to the dining room.
text: The nun shows him to his place. He’s surprised to see the
dialog: table is only set for one.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: What about his Holiness?
speaker_heading: NUN:
text: His Holiness eats in his room.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Was it something I said?
text: The nun titters.
speaker_heading: NUN:
dialog: No, no. The Pope eats alone.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Why?
text: A covered plate is placed before Bergoglio.
speaker_heading: NUN: (CONT'D)
dialog: He just prefers it that way. But he
dialog: has arranged for you both to eat
dialog: the same meal. It’s a traditional
dialog: Bavarian dish. A favorite. Just as
dialog: his Mother used to make it.
text: She takes the lid off the plate. Underneath is a profoundly
text: unappetizing Bavarian soup with noodles. Bergoglio reacts.
dialog: 44
speaker_heading: NUN:
dialog: Knoedel mit sosse.
dialog: There’s a lot of sympathy in just saying the name. Bergoglio
text: laughs. The nun joins in. Off their laughter we -
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PAPAL APARTMENTS (2012) - NIGHT
text: Ratzinger eating the same unappetizing soup, alone. He
text: reaches for his wine glass and fills it with ... Fanta.
text: We can just hear the faint echo of nun-laughter from below.
scene_heading: INT. CASTEL GANDOLFO - TV ROOM / MUSIC ROOM (2012) - NIGHT
text: The Nun shows Bergoglio into a room with a TV in it.
speaker_heading: NUN:
dialog: After dinner sometimes he comes
dialog: here to relax.
text: She goes. Idly, Bergoglio picks up the TV remote and channel
text: flicks. He’s looking for the match ...
text: But an electronic voice says “Bravo”. Surprised, Bergoglio
text: looks up to see that Ratzinger has come in - still wearing
text: his white ROBES but over it now a classic BAVARIAN KNITTED
speaker_heading: VEST.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: The watch. 10000 steps. My target.
dialog: We travelled a long way this
dialog: afternoon.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Physically perhaps.
text: RATZINGER places the papers and book(s) on the table and
text: notices without even looking up (he misses nothing)
text: BERGOGLIO moving to switch off the TV.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: No. Please. I know you love
dialog: football. I’ve never understood the
dialog: excitement myself.
text: RATZINGER looks around to find his reading glasses -
text: somewhere in the room. Walks in front of BERGOGLIO.
dialog: 45
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Not even during the World Cup? You
dialog: know, your national team, and mine,
dialog: we could be in the final together
dialog: next year. They could be - Germany -
dialog: a match for Argentina.
text: RATZINGER mouths a HARD CANDY MINT.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: (disinterested)
dialog: Yeah. It’s good.
text: BERGOGLIO pulls out his papers, for the POPE to sign.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Holy Father, I want you to -- look
dialog: at my papers.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: No, no, no, no -
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Please, please, this is the reason
dialog: I’m here.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: (firmly)
dialog: Nein!
text: Awkward silence.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Please. I know you like to talk but
dialog: I’m tired, I’m exhausted. I need
dialog: to rest. Sit down and just be quiet
dialog: together. Please sit. That’s
dialog: good... I get so tired. Would you
dialog: like a tea or coffee?
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO
dialog: No, no. I find if I drink coffee
dialog: too late at night I can’t sleep.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Me, too...
text: The men sit in silence for several moments. SILENCE.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: You know... the hardest thing is to
dialog: listen, to hear his voice...God’s
dialog: voice.
dialog: 46
dialog: Ratzinger
dialog: the music
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Even for a Pope?
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Maybe especially for a Pope.
text: is almost speaking to himself as he checks through
dialog: sheets.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER: (CONT'D)
dialog: When I was young - many hundreds of
dialog: years ago - I always knew what He
dialog: wanted of me - God - What purpose
dialog: He had for me. But now, I don’t
dialog: know - perhaps I need to listen
dialog: more intently. What do you think
dialog: Cardinal Bergoglio?
text: They look at one another - no comment from Bergoglio.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER: (CONT'D)
dialog: I don’t know. Perhaps I need a
dialog: spiritual hearing aid.
dialog: Who does knows? When I first heard
dialog: that voice - that call - God -
dialog: whatever that was - God’s voice. It
dialog: brought me peace. Such peace.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You must have felt that?
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: The call yes, the peace...
scene_heading: FLASHBACK TO:
scene_heading: EXT. TANGO CLUB/ BUENOS AIRES - NIGHT
speaker_heading: CAPTION:
dialog: 1955
text: The opposite of peace. Tango music, laughter, bodies.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO: (V.O.)
dialog: No, I wouldn't call it peace...
dialog: The world around us can be
dialog: chaotic...
dialog: There can be such beauty in that
dialog: movement (that chaos)...
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO: (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: When I was a kid I started to think
dialog: about being a priest. I wasn’t sure
dialog: so my grandma said, “ask God for a
text: sign”. I did. Nothing. Silence.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 47
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
speaker_heading: (V.0.) (CONT'D)
dialog: I felt abandoned. God stopped
text: talking to me. I stopped talking to
dialog: him. So I got on with life. I had
dialog: Amalia.
dialog: future.
text: Through the whirl
dialog: I had a job. I hada
dialog: of limbs comes the 19 year old Bergoglio
text: with his girlfriend - Amalia. They are superb dancers, and
text: their moves are replete with passion, drama, technical
text: prowess, cédigos and yeta, and milonga, their bodies arching
text: away from each other but contacting at the hip. Hot stuff!
text: They steal the show and then move to the shadows.
speaker_heading: AMALIA:
dialog: I don’t date bouncers.
text: Nothing but trouble.
scene_heading: YOUNG BERGOGLIO:
dialog: I’m leaving all this behind.
dialog: Got the job at the
dialog: laboratory.
speaker_heading: AMALIA:
dialog: Oh! So, you’re a scientist
dialog: now?!
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Correct.
text: He kisses her. She pulls back.
speaker_heading: AMALIA:
dialog: What are you doing?
scene_heading: YOUNG BERGOGLIO:
dialog: I’m conducting a little
dialog: experiment. In chemistry.
text: He kisses her again.
scene_heading: YOUNG BERGOGLIO:
dialog: I have (kiss) a theory (kiss)
dialog: that if you fuse (kiss) two
dialog: unstable elements (kiss)
dialog: something magic happens ...
speaker_heading: AMALIA:
dialog: Yo no salgo con gente de la
dialog: noche. S6lo traen problemas.
scene_heading: JOVEN BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Eso ya qued6 atras. Consegui
dialog: el trabajo en el laboratorio.
speaker_heading: AMALIA
dialog: Ah! Entonces ahora sos un
dialog: cientifico...
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Correcto.
speaker_heading: AMALIA:
dialog: éQué estas haciendo?
scene_heading: JOVEN BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Un pequefio experimento de
dialog: quimica.
scene_heading: JOVEN BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Tengo (la besa) una teoria
dialog: (la besa): si uno fusiona (la
dialog: besa) dos elementos
dialog: inestables (la besa) sucede
dialog: algo magico...
text: He reaches into the top of her blouse ..
speaker_heading: AMALIA:
dialog: Stop. What are you ...
speaker_heading: AMALIA:
dialog: Parad... éQué estas---
dialog: 48
text: +. and produces as if by magic a ring. She beams.
scene_heading: INT. HICKTHIER FOOD LABORATORY (1955)
text: Young Bergoglio hands a sheaf of papers to Esther. She scans
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: ESTHER:
dialog: These results are the same as
dialog: last time.
scene_heading: YOUNG BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Same experiment.
text: She stares at him.
speaker_heading: ESTHER:
dialog: No. I mean these are EXACTLY
dialog: the same. You haven’t re-done
dialog: the experiment. How many
dialog: times do I have to tell you,
dialog: we test, test and test again.
dialog: We live or die by facts.
dialog: Facts are ... you’ve hada
dialog: haircut.
scene_heading: YOUNG BERGOGLIO:
dialog: That is a fact.
speaker_heading: ESTHER:
dialog: Son los mismos resultados de
dialog: la Gltima vez.
scene_heading: JOVEN BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Es el mismo experimento.
speaker_heading: ESTHER:
dialog: Quiero decir que son
dialog: exactamente los mismos
dialog: resultados. No repetiste el
dialog: experimento. éCudntas veces
dialog: te lo tengo que decir?
dialog: Tenemos que probar, probar y
dialog: probar de nuevo... Vivimos o
dialog: morimos por los hechos. Los
dialog: hechos son---
dialog: (se interrumpe, algo le
dialog: llama la atencién)
dialog: Te cortaste el pelo.
scene_heading: JOVEN BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Eso es un hecho.
text: She undoes the top of his lab coat.
speaker_heading: ESTHER:
dialog: And you're wearing your best
dialog: shirt.
scene_heading: YOUNG BERGOGLIO:
dialog: That’s also a fact.
speaker_heading: ESTHER:
dialog: You're finally going to ask
dialog: her.
scene_heading: YOUNG BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Now that is speculation.
speaker_heading: ESTHER:
dialog: Y te pusiste tu mejor camisa.
scene_heading: JOVEN BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Eso también es un hecho.
speaker_heading: ESTHER:
dialog: iPor fin te decidiste! iLe
dialog: vas a proponer casamiento!
scene_heading: JOVEN BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Eso es especulacidon.
dialog: 49
speaker_heading: ESTHER:
dialog: No. That’s deduction.
scene_heading: YOUNG BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Well it’s incorrect. I
dialog: already asked her. Tonight
dialog: I’m going to ask her parents.
speaker_heading: ESTHER:
dialog: So you finally decided that
dialog: you're not going to be a
dialog: priest.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: That’s a logical conclusion.
speaker_heading: ESTHER:
dialog: What took you so long?
scene_heading: YOUNG BERGOGLIO:
dialog: I had to, you know, listen.
dialog: (He points up to Heaven) I
dialog: thought He might have other
dialog: plans for me.
speaker_heading: ESTHER:
dialog: The last thing this country
dialog: needs is more priests. Go.
dialog: I’1l re-do the tests. But
dialog: don’t ever try to short-
dialog: change me again. OK?
speaker_heading: ESTHER
dialog: No. Es una deduccién.
scene_heading: JOVEN BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Bueno... Es incorrecta. Ya le
dialog: propuse casamiento. Esta
dialog: noche voy a hablar con sus
dialog: padres.
speaker_heading: ESTHER:
dialog: Finalmente decidiste que no
dialog: vas a ser cura!
scene_heading: JOVEN BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Esa es una conclusién ldgica.
speaker_heading: ESTHER:
dialog: Porqué tardaste tanto?
scene_heading: JOVEN BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Tenia que escuchar a...
dialog: (mira hacia el cielo)
dialog: ++. vos me entendés... Pensé
dialog: que El tenia otros planes
dialog: para mi.
speaker_heading: ESTHER:
dialog: Lo Gltimo que necesita este
dialog: pais es otro cura. Anda. Yo
dialog: me encargo de hacer las
dialog: pruebas de nuevo... iPero no
dialog: vuelvas a engatusarme nunca
dialog: mas!
scene_heading: BERGOGLIO: JOVEN BERGOGLIO:
dialog: OK. (asintiendo)
dialog: Prometido.
scene_heading: ESTHER: ESTHER:
dialog: And Jorge - fix your hair. Y, Jorge..., arreglate ese
dialog: pelo!
scene_heading: EXT. FLORES BASILICA (1955) - EVENING
text: BERGOGLIO, dressed in his best clothes, stops to buy YELLOW
text: ROSES from a stall in front of the basilica.
text: As he passes the Church, he hears music playing. That’s odd.
dialog: 50
scene_heading: INT. AMALIA’S BEDROOM (1955) - EVENING
text: AMALIA gets herself ready for JORGE, pulling on a pretty
text: dress. Putting on make-up. Her Mother puts a flower in
text: AMALIA’s HAIR, and then nods, approving, excited. She knows
dialog: what’s going on.
scene_heading: INT. BASILICA OF ST JOSEPH OF FLORES (1955) - NIGHT
text: Young Bergoglio goes into the church. It’s empty. Or so it
text: seems. The music stops.
dialog: Suddenly theThe Pope / Contract.
text: music stops and a priest crosses to the confessional. Seeing
text: Bergoglio he waves him into the confessional. He assumes that
dialog: that’s what Bergoglio was waiting for ...
scene_heading: YOUNG BERGOGLIO: JOVEN BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Oh. No Father. I was just ... Oh... No, padre... Yo sdélo
dialog: estaba...
text: But the door of the confessional has closed. Now Bergoglio
text: steps inside.
speaker_heading: PRIEST (0.S.) SACERDOTE (0.S.)
dialog: Close the door. Podés cerrar la puerta.
text: He dimly sees the profile of a priest through the lattice.
text: INTERCUT between - BERGOGLIO and his POV of the PRIEST
text: through the LATTICE - and the PRIEST’S POV of BERGOGLIO
text: through the LATTICE.
scene_heading: INT. CONFESSIONAL BOX/BASILICA OF ST JOSEPH OF FLORES (1955) -
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: BERGOGLIO kneels there in silence for a long moment, then
text: finally “blesses” himself (makes the sign of the cross). Then-
scene_heading: BERGOGLIO: JOVEN BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Bless me father... Bendigame padre..
dialog: (pause) (pausa)
dialog: ..-for I have sinned. ++. porque he pecado.
scene_heading: UNKNOWN PRIEST: SACERDOTE:
dialog: Yes my son--and how have you Te escucho, hijo... éQué
dialog: sinned? pecado has cometido?
text: BERGOGLIO becomes troubled--and falls silent again.
dialog: 51
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Father - before we start -
dialog: may I ask - I haven’t seen
dialog: you before. Where are you
dialog: from?
scene_heading: UNKNOWN PRIEST:
dialog: Parque Patricios. I come here
dialog: to celebrate Mass here now
dialog: and then.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Before we speak ... I pray
dialog: you’re not a Huracan
dialog: supporter.
scene_heading: UNKNOWN PRIEST:
dialog: Your prayers are answered.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: No, I live close by, in the
dialog: priests’ home for the sick.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: You tend to the sick?
scene_heading: UNKNOWN PRIEST:
dialog: No. I am sick myself. I have
dialog: cancer. Leukemia.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: (moved)
dialog: Then father, why are you
dialog: here?
scene_heading: UNKNOWN PRIEST:
dialog: Because--when I woke this
dialog: morning at 6 o’clock, the
dialog: Lord told me to come here to
dialog: hear confession. But until
dialog: you, no-one has come, so I
dialog: suppose--he wanted me to be
dialog: here, to speak to you.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: To me?
scene_heading: UNKNOWN PRIEST:
dialog: Si. Has something been
dialog: troubling you? Your Father
dialog: wants to help you.
scene_heading: JOVEN BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Padre... - antes de empezar
dialog: épuedo preguntarle algo?...
dialog: No lo habia visto antes...
dialog: éDe dénde es usted?
speaker_heading: SACERDOTE:
dialog: De Parque Patricios, de vez
dialog: en cuando vengo a celebrar
dialog: misa aqui.
scene_heading: JOVEN BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Antes de que sigamos
dialog: hablando... ya estoy rezando
dialog: para pedir que usted no sea
dialog: hincha de Huracan.
speaker_heading: SACERDOTE:
dialog: Tus rezos han sido
dialog: escuchados...
dialog: (pausa)
dialog: Vivo aqui cerca... En la casa
dialog: parroquial para los enfermos.
scene_heading: JOVEN BERGOGLIO:
dialog: éCuida a los enfermos?
speaker_heading: SACERDOTE:
dialog: No... Soy uno de ellos.
dialog: cancer. Leucemia.
dialog: Tengo
scene_heading: JOVEN BERGOGLIO:
dialog: (conmovido)
dialog: Entonces, padre, éporqué esta
dialog: aca?
speaker_heading: SACERDOTE:
dialog: Cuando me desperté esta
dialog: Mafiana a las seis, el Sefior
dialog: me dijo que viniera a
dialog: confesar... Pero no vino
dialog: nadie... hasta que
dialog: llegaste... Por eso supongo
dialog: que El queria que viniera
dialog: para que hablara con vos.
scene_heading: JOVEN BERGOGLIO:
dialog: éConmigo?
speaker_heading: SACERDOTE:
dialog: Si... éHay algo que te anda
dialog: preocupando? Tu Padre quiere
dialog: ayudarte.
dialog: 52
scene_heading: BERGOGLIO: JOVEN BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Some time ago, father. I Hace un tiempo Le pedi una
dialog: asked Him for a sign. sefial, padre.
scene_heading: UNKNOWN PRIEST: SACERDOTE:
dialog: Perhaps He just gave you one. Quizads te la esta dando
dialog: ahora.
text: BERGOGLIO is stunned by this news - and inside him he
dialog: experiences an epiphany -
scene_heading: UNKNOWN PRIEST: SACERDOTE:
dialog: So now--my son--whom the Lord Hijo... ahora que ya sabés
dialog: sees--make a full confession que el Sefior te esta
dialog: and free your heart. mirando... Podés confesarte y
dialog: liberar tu coraz6én.
text: PICK UP ON the priest giving absolution. There is a little
text: crucifix in the room with him. Young Bergoglio touches it as
text: he joins in the prayer. Then he gets up and opens the door of
dialog: the confessional onto...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CORDOBA (ARGENTINA) (1955) - DAY
text: The confessional door opens onto a beautiful, empty
text: landscape. The Young Bergoglio - still in his best clothes -
text: walks out across the rocks and sand, looking up at the vast
text: sky and far horizon. He steps into the shadow of a great
text: rock. The shadow acts like a kind of doorway leading onto ..
scene_heading: EXT. RICOLETA (1955) - NIGHT
text: Young Bergoglio, holding his bunch of roses, sits waiting for
text: Amalia. He sees her coming towards him with her chaperone (a
text: girl her own age). She smiles. He smiles back. But awkwardly.
text: The chaperone moves aside as he walks towards her.
text: We pull back and watch them approach each other like two
text: dancers. He offers her the flowers. She takes them. They face
text: each other as though about to dance. But then she turns from
text: him and starts to walk away. He stands and watches. We are
text: watching the choreography of break-up. As she walks away,
text: she looks back one last time.
text: He watches as she lets the flowers drop to the floor as she
text: walks off. Only when she is out of sight does he turn away -
text: alone and forlorn.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 53
scene_heading: EXT. COLEGIO MAXIMO (1958) - DAY
text: YOUNG BERGOGLIO arrives at a seminary, followed by another
text: priest, where he is warmly greeted by the novice master - Fr.
dialog: JALICS - who will become important to us later.
speaker_heading: JALICS: JALICS:
dialog: Bergoglio? éBergoglio?
scene_heading: BERGOGLIO: JOVEN BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Father ... Padre...
speaker_heading: JALICS: JALICS:
dialog: Welcome home. Bienvenido a casa.
text: As Young Bergoglio steps inside the seminary ...
scene_heading: INT. COLEGIO MAXIMO (1958) - DAY
text: JALICS leads Bergoglio into the college.
text: They walk some steps, Jalics continues as they walk away.
speaker_heading: JALICS:
dialog: Do you know what you are
dialog: saying No to?
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Yes. She even has a name.
speaker_heading: JALICS:
dialog: Love has many names. Learn to
dialog: know her by a new one.
dialog: Thinking you can live without
dialog: love, that’s a great mistake.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: I still have San Lorenzo.
speaker_heading: JALICS:
dialog: éSabés a qué estas
dialog: renunciando entrando aca?
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Si. Mi renuncia tiene nombre,
dialog: ademas.
speaker_heading: JALICS:
dialog: El amor tiene muchos nombres.
dialog: Aprendé a conocerla con un
dialog: nombre nuevo. Pensar que
dialog: podés vivir sin amor, es una
dialog: gran equivocacién.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Todavia me queda San Lorenzo.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER (V.0)
dialog: Have you thought what your life
dialog: would be like had that priest not
dialog: been in that confessional booth at
dialog: that moment?
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO (V.0)
dialog: No, I see now there was never any
dialog: alternative. That priest--that day--
dialog: finding him...
dialog: Even if I had passed
dialog: by, God would have found another
dialog: way to call me...
dialog: 54
scene_heading: INT. MUSIC ROOM/CASTEL GANDOLFO (2012) - NIGHT
dialog: Ratzinger
speaker_heading: RATZINGER
dialog: keyboard.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER
speaker_heading: RATZINGER
dialog: play...
text: stares at BERGOGLIO -—
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: You have such certainty.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Yes. And now, I’m certain He wants
dialog: me to retire...
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Please. Just for this evening. I
dialog: know we have our differences, our
dialog: disagreements, but for this one
dialog: evening let us just be brothers for
dialog: a while. Shall we?
text: goes over to the piano to close the lid of the
text: He closes the lid.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Do you play?
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: No. But I know you do. You made an
dialog: album. “Music from the Vatican Alma
dialog: Mater.”
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: That's right, I did. Do you have a
dialog: copy?
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Yes, yes of course.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: I could sign it for you.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Well I’m a bit out of practice.
dialog: Let’s see. I’1l try.
text: opens the keyboard lid and sits at the piano bench.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: I’ve got this little piece by my
dialog: favourite Czech -- a wonderful
dialog: lullaby. I see what I can do.
text: looks at the keyboard a moment. Then starts to
dialog: 55
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: He lived a very tragic life, you
dialog: know.
dialog: (plays)
dialog: You know the album - It was
dialog: recorded at a world famous studio
dialog: in London - I was told I should
dialog: feel honoured because The Beatles
dialog: were there - you know the Beatles?
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Yes. I know who they are.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: (laughs) Of course you do.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Eleanor Rigby.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: “Eleanor Rigby.”
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: I don’t know -
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: “Yellow Submarine”
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Sorry, I don’t know.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: The album. Yellow Submarine.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: That’s silly. Yellow Submarine.
dialog: That’s very funny.
text: RATZINGER starts playing the Schumann Traumerei -
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Anyway, the recording was done in
dialog: London, at - I can’t remember the
dialog: name of the place - a church or
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO
dialog: Abbey Road.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Yes, an Abbey.
dialog: 56
text: RATZINGER starts playing the Schumann Traumerei
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: You went to Abbey Road?
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Oh no. Not in person. That would
dialog: have not been appropriate.
text: RATZINGER switches tunes, and plays a more uptempo song -
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: You like?
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: It’s very different! It’s
dialog: wonderful.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
text: It’s an old Berlin cabaret song. It
dialog: was made famous before the war by a
dialog: singer called Zara Leander.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Zara Leander. She was Hitler’s
dialog: favorite singer. She had a deep
text: voice. She was Swedish.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Sorry, who was it?
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Zara Leander. Would you like some
dialog: wine? Next door.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO
dialog: Oh, si. Grazie.
text: BERGOGLIO exits, then returns with a DECANTER of wine.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: For you?
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: No, no.
dialog: (sings)
dialog: Dah, dah, dah, dee dee...
dialog: (plays)
dialog: Good wine?
dialog: 57
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Good music.
text: RATZINGER stops playing, closes the lid.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: I am afraid at the keyboard, I am
dialog: not infallible. But I enjoy it.
text: RATZINGER and BERGOGLIO settle down into TWO ARM-CHAIRS in
text: front of the TV.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Oh well. There. I get so tired. You
dialog: know?
text: BERGOGLIO takes out an ENVELOPE, and a PEN and puts them down
text: on the coffee table.
text: An awkward silence follows as BERGOGLIO waits for the POPE to
text: pick up the PEN.
text: Ratzinger leans forward. Is this it? No. He only picks up the
text: remote from the coffee table.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
text: A silly little program, a guilty
dialog: pleasure. Wait.
text: Suddenly Bergoglio is alert, excited by a possibility.
text: ANGLE ON: The TV, as the POPE finally gets “Kommissar Rex” on
text: the TV. Show the OPENING CREDIT SEQUENCE, an astonishingly
text: cheesy German crime show, about a DOG. He hasn’t been
text: listening to Bergoglio - too busy with the TV.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER
dialog: It is called “Kommissar Rex”. Do
dialog: you know it? It’s about a German
text: Shepherd dog that solves crimes.
dialog: What trouble he gets into each
dialog: week! Ha! Ha!
text: BERGOGLIO looks at his watch - anxious - then back at the
text: hilariously bad TV SHOW OPENING CREDITS -
speaker_heading: RATZINGER
dialog: It takes my mind off things. You
dialog: know, they liken me to a dog-“God’s
dialog: Rottweiler” - that is their
dialog: nickname for me. The fierce guard
dialog: dog of the house of God.
text: BERGOGLIO is in mental pain about missing his football match.
dialog: 58
speaker_heading: RATZINGER
dialog: Oh. The signal is poor today.
dialog: Strange how some days it’s good,
dialog: some days it’s bad.
text: Bergoglio clocks this remark. Smiles to himself.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: It’s a small pleasure.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Small pleasures are important.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: I lack company. Always alone.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Isiah 41.x.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: “Do not be afraid for I will be
dialog: with you.” Yes He’s there but He
dialog: doesn’t laugh, you know. At least I
dialog: don’t hear Him laugh. You know. No,
dialog: you don’t know. Someone like you
dialog: would not know.
text: Bergoglio doesn’t know how to react. Ratzinger sidesteps any
text: emotional response by returning to the TV.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: But I mustn’t spoil your enjoyment
dialog: of the show.
speaker_heading: LATER.
text: BERGOGLIO sits there, as the PROGRAM plays, but his eyes turn
dialog: to the POPE...
text: .--who has nodded off in his CHAIR, emitting a soft snore.
text: Held tightly in the POPE’s hands is the REMOTE CONTROL.
text: BERGOGLIO checks the time on his watch, and moves toward the
text: sleeping POPE, carefully reaching out for the remote. The
text: POPE’s GRIP is too intense, and BERGOGLIO cannot prize the
text: REMOTE CONTROL FREE. The POPE wakes up, with a SNORT, and
text: immediately LAUGHS as he resumes watching the GERMAN
text: PROGRAM...
speaker_heading: RATZINGER
speaker_heading: (to BERGOGLIO)
dialog: You enjoy?
dialog: 59
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Yes of course. Thank you.
text: Ratzinger gets up to go to bed but before he does so, bows
text: his head and begins that beautiful little prayer - the Nunc
text: Dimitis. Bergoglio joins in.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER: (CONT'D)
dialog: Nunc dimittis. Let your servant
dialog: depart in peace now Lord, according
dialog: to your word..
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: (joining in the prayer) ... For my
dialog: eyes have seen your salvation which
dialog: you have prepared for all the
dialog: peoples. To be a light to lighten
dialog: the world.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: God grant us a quiet night and a
dialog: perfect end. Goodnight.
text: Bergoglio goes to give him a big hug but Ratzinger mistakes
text: the gesture for an incoming handshake and they end up
text: awkwardly holding hands as if about to dance.
scene_heading: EXT. CASTEL GANDOLFO - NIGHT
text: The setting sun sets fire to the lovely mirror of Lake
text: Albano. The sky is full of stars. A shooting star crosses the
text: air. Feels like a Disney movie. But a telephone starts to
text: ring breaking the magic.
text: A telephone rings non stop.
scene_heading: INT. CASTEL GANDOLFO - DINING ROOM - MORNING
text: A couple of Nuns have set up a buffet breakfast. Bergoglio is
text: mid breakfast when Roberto swans in. In the distance a phone
text: is ringing non-stop.
speaker_heading: ROBERTO:
text: His Holiness apologizes. He has
text: been called back to Rome. Urgent
dialog: business. If you could be ready as
dialog: soon as possible, Eminence. I will
dialog: arrange for your bags to be
dialog: collected.
dialog: 60
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Of course. Don’t worry about my
dialog: bags. I travel light.
text: But Roberto doesn’t respond. His own phone is ringing now
dialog: too.
scene_heading: EXT. CASTEL GANDOLFO - MORNING
text: Bergoglio comes out carrying his bag.
text: He is intercepted by the gardener, who passes him a little
text: bundle of fresh oregano.
scene_heading: GARDENER: GIARDINIERE:
dialog: I took a cutting. When you Ho preso delle talee. Quando
dialog: get home you can plant it. arrivate a casa potete
dialog: piantarle.
scene_heading: BERGOGLIO: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Thank you. I’1l remember you Grazie. Mi ricordero’ di lei
dialog: whenever I cook with it. ogni volta che le usero’.
text: Roberto comes to chivvy Bergoglio. A car is waiting.
scene_heading: EXT. CASTEL GANDOLFO (2012) - HELIPAD DAY
text: The car pulls up. Bergoglio climbs out and stares in
text: amazement. A helicopter is waiting - Ratzinger already on
dialog: board.
scene_heading: INT. PAPAL HELICOPTER (2012) - DAY
text: Ratzinger indicates the head-set so that they will be able to
text: speak to each other.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: I hope this urgent business is
dialog: nothing too distressing.
text: But Ratzinger blanks this tenderness.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: The plant? Is it basil?
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Oregano. Your gardener ...
dialog: 61
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Ah yes. It must be very useful,
dialog: this popularity of yours. Is there
dialog: a trick to it?
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: I try to be myself.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Hmm, when I try to be myself,
dialog: people don’t seem to like me very
dialog: much.
text: The helicopter takes off, swinging into the sky.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: With regard to my resignation ...
text: Ratzinger points at the earphones with a “can’t hear you”
dialog: gesture.
scene_heading: EXT. THE VATICAN (2012) - DAY
text: A SWEEPING AERIAL of the VATICAN CITY and the dome of ST
speaker_heading: PETERS.
scene_heading: EXT. HELIPORT (2012) - DAY
text: The helicopter lands - still some distance from the Vatican.
text: There's a car waiting for Ratzinger.
text: As soon as he leaves the helicopter Ratzinger is given a fat
text: report. Around him stand advisers, CLERGY and non-CLERGY.
text: BENEDICT opens the REPORT as he is informed of its contents.
dialog: (We do not hear what weighty matters are discussed, but can
dialog: only infer that the crisis is a large one.)
text: ANGLE ON: Ratzinger, troubled, heavily burdened, as he
text: receives the BRIEFING, climbing into the car. He seems tired
text: as he listens to the impassioned arguments and counsel of his
dialog: Curia staff.
text: Bergoglio has been more or less forgotten.
text: Roberto appears next to him.
speaker_heading: ROBERTO:
dialog: The Holy Father wants to finish his
dialog: conversation with you but first he
dialog: must deal with...an urgent matter.
dialog: 62
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: May I know the nature of it?
speaker_heading: ROBERTO:
dialog: When the Holy Father is ready I’1l
dialog: come and find you.
text: Roberto goes to the car. Bergoglio is left behind.
scene_heading: EXT. ST. PETER'S SQUARE (2012) - DAY
text: Bergoglio - bag in hand - is leaving the Vatican. He runs
text: into a pack of opportunistic photographers and journalists.
dialog: We assume they are connected with whatever it is that has
dialog: brought Ratzinger back to Rome.
scene_heading: AMERICAN JOURNALIST:
dialog: Father would you care to make a
dialog: statement about the latest events?
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: The second goal was never off-side.
dialog: If the referee wasn’t blind, San
text: Lorenzo would be sitting on top of
dialog: the Primera today.
scene_heading: AMERICAN JOURNALIST:
dialog: Father, the international community
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Oh! International! No worries on
dialog: that score. Argentina will
dialog: definitely qualify for the World
dialog: Cup.
scene_heading: AMERICAN JOURNALIST:
dialog: Do you have anything to say about
dialog: the latest scandal?
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: I'm just visiting. If you don’t
dialog: mind...what IS the latest crisis?
text: Rebuffed and wondering, Bergoglio moves on. The journalists
text: roll their eyes, thinking Bergoglio is playing them.
scene_heading: AMERICAN JOURNALIST:
dialog: Ok father. I know you can’t talk...
dialog: Good luck tonight...
dialog: 63
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS - ROME (2012) - DAY
text: Bergoglio glances back at the mighty facade.
text: He walks towards the Domus Internationalis. He’s just an
text: ordinary man, walking through city crowds.
scene_heading: INT. DOMUS INTERNATIONALIS (2012) - DAY
text: Bergoglio is washing his socks in the sink, while watching
text: the TV - a report on about a scandal at the Vatican bank.
scene_heading: UK FEMALE NEWSREADER:
dialog: It’s the only bank in the World
dialog: where the ATM gives you
dialog: instructions in Latin. It’s the
dialog: only bank in the World - says a new
dialog: report - that operates an off-shore
dialog: tax haven from the centre of a
dialog: capital city. Tonight the Italian
dialog: government has seized tens of
dialog: millions in deposits from the
dialog: Vatican Bank. Pope Benedict has
dialog: been forced to return from Castel
dialog: Gandolfo - his summer palace - to
dialog: talk to one of the bank’s directors
dialog: - a priest - Father Scarano.
dialog: Tonight, the Vatican itself is
text: under siege.
text: Bergoglio watches as the TV plays images of Ratzinger leaving
dialog: the helicopter earlier - the very journey on which Bergoglio
dialog: was a passenger just a few hours ago.
scene_heading: EXT. SPORTS BAR, ROMA (2012) - NIGHT
text: There’s a bar with an Argentinian flag over the door and
text: jerseys on the wall. Bergoglio hurries towards it. He knows
dialog: it from previous trips.
scene_heading: INT. RATZINGER’S BEDROOM - VATICAN (2012) - NIGHT
text: Benedict kneeling in intense prayer in his bedroom.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 64
scene_heading: INT. SPORTS BAR ROMA (2012) - NIGHT
text: Argentina are playing Ecuador in the World Club qualifier.
text: Everyone is cheering. Argentina has scored. Bergoglio turns
text: to his fellow fans.
scene_heading: BERGOGLIO: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: You prayed for it to go in. Ya que rezaron para que meta
dialog: You should give thanks that el gol... iAhora deberian
dialog: it did. agradecer que lo metid!
text: There’s a grudging acknowledgement of this logic.
scene_heading: BERGOGLIO: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Thank you Lord for the gift Gracias Sefior por el talento
dialog: of El Pipita. de El Pipita.
speaker_heading: FAN: FAN:
dialog: Amen. Amen
scene_heading: BERGOGLIO: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Help to keep his temper. Te pedimos que lo ayudes a
dialog: controlar su cardcter.
speaker_heading: FAN: FAN:
text: Amen. Double amen. Amen. Doble Amen.
scene_heading: BERGOGLIO: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Also, God bless our Pope. Que Dios bendiga a nuestro
dialog: Papa también
text: One fan immediately object to this.
speaker_heading: FAN: FAN:
dialog: This Pope?! The German. No, éEste papa? El aleman.
dialog: no, no. Let him bless No,no,no! Que 61 se bendiga
dialog: himself. solo.
text: Bergoglio is taken aback by the popular dislike for
text: Ratzinger. On the TV the commentator is becoming excited.
text: Another goal maybe. Everyone turns back to the TV. But
text: Bergoglio has lost his sociability. He stands at one remove.
scene_heading: INT. RATZINGER'S BEDROOM - VATICAN (2012) - NIGHT
text: Back to Ratzinger praying. This time we hear his prayer. It’s
dialog: the Nunc Dimittis in Latin.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Nunc dimittis servum tuum, Domine,
dialog: secundum verbum tuum in pace.
dialog: 65
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO: (V.O.)
dialog: Let your servant depart in
dialog: peace now Lord, according to
dialog: your word.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO: (V.O.)
dialog: Ahora, Sefior, segan tu
dialog: promesa, puedes dejar a tu
dialog: siervo irse en paz
scene_heading: INT. DOMUS INTERNATIONALIS BEDROOM (2012) - NIGHT
text: Bergoglio saying HIS prayers. He’s praying for Ratzinger.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: God grant him a quiet night
dialog: and a perfect end.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Que Dios le conceda una noche
dialog: serena y un final feliz.
text: INSERT: The sun comes up over Rome. Big stone pines
text: silhouetted against a red sky.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR VATICAN (2012)
scene_heading: - EARLY MORNING
text: Roberto almost runs along the corridor. His phone keeps
text: buzzing. He keeps having to reject calls.
text: PICK UP ON him talking to Ratzinger who is being dressed by
text: his dresser. Ratzinger is still in his underwear - his
text: unusually lengthy underpants and long socks look slightly
dialog: comic.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: What do you mean he’s not
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: ROBERTO:
dialog: I... we can’t find him.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: (frantic) What room did you
dialog: give him?
speaker_heading: ROBERTO:
dialog: I assumed, as a Jesuit, he
dialog: would be staying in the
dialog: Jesuit mother house.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: He hasn’t stayed there for
dialog: years. He has a problematic
dialog: relationship with the order.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Che vuol dire con non e’ qui?
speaker_heading: ROBERTO:
dialog: Io... Non lo troviamo.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: (Agitato)
dialog: Quale stanza gli avete dato?
speaker_heading: ROBERTO:
dialog: Ho dato per scontato, che
dialog: come gesuita, avrebbe
dialog: alloggiato alla Casa Professa
dialog: dei Gesuiti.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Non alloggia li’ da anni. Ha
dialog: un rapporto difficile con
dialog: l’ordine.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 66
scene_heading: INT. VATICAN SECURITY ROOM - DAY
text: The Head of Security listens to Roberto who is looking for
text: Bergoglio. He turns and gives an order to someone next to
dialog: him. (improvised)
scene_heading: EXT. ST PETER’S SQUARE - DAY
text: A Swiss Guard standing in front of the gate at Paolo VI
text: listens to the walkie-talkie and looks around.
scene_heading: EXT. VATICAN - PAOLO VI (2012) - DAY
text: Bergoglio - bag in hand - walking back towards the Vatican.
text: There are still hordes of journalists and TV crews. A
text: journalist approaches him with a microphone. Bergoglio
text: doesn’t stop walking. The journalist follows him.
speaker_heading: PRESS:
dialog: Holiness do you have anything to
dialog: say about the arrest of Father
dialog: Scarano?
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: What do you want me to say?
speaker_heading: PRESS:
dialog: Will the Vatican be contesting it?
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: What? No. It’s not like he’s been
dialog: arrested for praying too many
dialog: rosaries! I can’t give a statement,
dialog: but I can give you a blessing.
text: Swiss guard interrupts the interview.
speaker_heading: SWISS GUARD:
dialog: Cardinal! Emminence ...
text: He leads Bergoglio by the elbow towards the entrance. He
text: talks into his walkie-talkie, saying he’s found him.
scene_heading: INT. VATICAN STAIRS (2012) - DAY
text: The young Swiss Guard - in his fabulous uniform is now
text: leading Bergoglio silently up the big stairs..
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: I’ve always wondered ... the
dialog: uniform, is it comfortable?
dialog: 67
dialog: No response.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO: (CONT'D)
dialog: It can’t be easy to keep clean.
dialog: Maybe someone else cleans it?
text: They come to a door in the middle of the stairs. The Guard
text: stands back to let Bergoglio pass through it but as Bergoglio
text: is about to pass him, he says quietly ...
speaker_heading: SWISS GUARD:
dialog: It’s not comfortable. But it is
dialog: based on a painting by Michelangelo
dialog: so...I’m a work of art.
text: They go up the stairs that feel like back-stage.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: You won’t be a work of art forever.
speaker_heading: SWISS GUARD:
dialog: I’m a student. Economics.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Ah! Economics...
speaker_heading: SWISS GUARD:
dialog: Eminence, what you said about the
dialog: trickle-down theory of wealth
dialog: creation...
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: That nothing trickles down but
dialog: humiliation and suffering?
speaker_heading: SWISS GUARD:
dialog: I quoted it in my dissertation.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Did you get a good mark?
speaker_heading: SWISS GUARD:
dialog: A-star.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Good work. When you finish your
dialog: studies ... don’t be a banker.
text: The Swiss Guard opens a door.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO: (CONT’D)
dialog: That's where we’re meeting?
dialog: 68
speaker_heading: SWISS GUARD:
dialog: I don’t know. I was just asked to
dialog: bring you here.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Thank you.
text: Bergoglio goes through the door into ...
scene_heading: INT. SISTINE CHAPEL (2012) - DAY
text: The Sistine Chapel - so vivid, so alive. It’s heart-
text: stopping. Bergoglio stops to take it all in. Walks towards
text: the altar.
text: Bergoglio considers the Last Judgement all alone.
text: CLOSE ON: His old BLACK SHOES as he crosses the marble floor.
text: He stops at the huge end-panel, with its rendering of HEAVEN
text: and HELL, the ANGELS hauling up to heaven those souls in
text: hellish torment - a powerful depiction of SIN.
text: A door opens. A figure appears. It’s Ratzinger. The POPE
text: walks to BERGOGLIO, whose heart begins to pound, such is the
text: drama of the setting.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: I’ve never been in here when it was
dialog: empty before. I wanted to share the
dialog: moment with you.
text: They both stand looking up at it, marvelling.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: If I was Pope I'd be in here every
dialog: day.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: What else?
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: If you had been chosen. What else
dialog: would you do?
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Holy Father ...
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: This place would be different, I
dialog: think.
dialog: 69
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: I wouldn’t eat alone for a start.
dialog: Apart from the theology, it’s not
dialog: good for you.
text: Ratzinger nods - noticing the concern as well as the
dialog: ideology.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: All through the gospels Jesus is
dialog: always breaking bread, feeding the
dialog: people. Even after he came back
text: from the dead he barbecued fish on
dialog: the shore of Lake Galilee ...
text: He’s describing some of the scenes from the frescoes.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: What else?
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: I’d sort out the bank.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Good luck with that.
text: Ratzinger laughs. Bergoglio is thrown.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: The banks almost destroyed my
dialog: country. They beg for deregulation
text: like tigers pleading to be let out
text: of their cages. They devour
dialog: everything in sight.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: The Curia’s a machine. You put your
text: hand inside, it chops it into
dialog: mincemeat. It protects itself. To
dialog: become Pope is to become breakfast.
text: Ratzinger sounds exhausted and bitter.
text: Bergoglio looks and walks towards the Ghirlandaio fresco of
text: the Vocation of the Apostles (it shows Christ on a beach with
dialog: fishermen).
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: The only way to follow Him is to be
dialog: where He is. Where is He? Right
dialog: now? In the bomb craters in Syria.
dialog: On the little beaches welcoming
text: refugees. At Lampedusa. In
dialog: hospitals...
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 70
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO: (CONT'D)
dialog: (referring to the chapel)
dialog: Not here... see?... You’re
dialog: beginning to be glad I’m resigning.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: For weeks, I’ve been praying for a
dialog: sign.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: I don’t understand.
scene_heading: INT. SISTINE CHAPEL - (PART 2) - DAY
text: They're now seated on the marble bench against the curtain.
dialog: Ratzinger
dialog: for him.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: When your request to resign came I
dialog: knew I couldn’t accept it without
dialog: speaking to you. You had to come
dialog: here. But perhaps you had to come
dialog: here for some other purpose.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Like what?
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: I have made a decision about
dialog: something. A decision of great
dialog: importance for the life of the
dialog: whole Church. For her future.
dialog: Something I ask you to hide in your
dialog: soul, and speak of to no-one.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER: (CONT'D)
dialog: Sometimes you notice little things.
dialog: The other night after prayers I
text: blew out the candle. Instead of
text: rising up, the smoke went down.
dialog: Like Cain's offering. Do you notice
dialog: such things?
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: I bought the tickets for my flight
dialog: here before you requested my
dialog: presence.
text: looks up at this. It’s as though it’s a clincher
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: No! Really? That gives me
dialog: encouragement. You are the right
dialog: person. I’m going to resign.
dialog: 71
text: He’s thrown this last sentence away so casually that
text: Bergoglio doesn’t notice it at first.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: The right person for what?
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: To tell. I need to say it out loud
dialog: to someone first.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Say what?
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: What I just said. I’m going to
dialog: resign.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Resign from what?
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: The Papacy. The Chair of St Peter.
dialog: The Bishopric of Rome. I’m going to
dialog: renounce them all.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: But then...I mean...you can’t. If
dialog: you did that, you wouldn’t be Pope
dialog: any more.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Yes
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: But you are the Pope...
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Popes can’t resign.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: In fact it’s not without precedent.
dialog: Celestine V did it in 1294.
text: Ratzinger is not comfortable on the marble bench. He looks to
text: a security guard’s cloth chair in the corner of the chapel.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Holy Father...You think people will
dialog: not be shocked because this
dialog: happened once before...seven
dialog: hundred years ago!
dialog: 72
text: Ratzinger stands up and goes to grab a chair.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
text: The marble is too cold.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: I can’t breathe... I came here just
dialog: to ask for your signature on a
text: piece of paper.
text: On his way to the chair he points to the door on the opposite
text: side of the chapel, as if saying: “get that other chair for
dialog: you”. Bergoglio goes.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Now you know why I couldn't give
dialog: you that. There will be another
dialog: conclave. It is important that you
dialog: are there.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: But, Holy Father, you cannot do
dialog: this. You must not! Why do the
dialog: Presidents of America and Russia,
dialog: of China, all come to you? Because,
dialog: unlike them, your authority derives
dialog: from the fact you will suffer and
dialog: die on the job. A Pope represents
dialog: service - life long - until death! -
dialog: a martyr for justice and truth. For
dialog: this all people come. Forgive me
dialog: but...
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: But?
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: ++. Christ did not come down from
dialog: his cross.
text: Ratzinger is stung. But also reflective, almost wondering.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: God always grants you the right
dialog: words.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO
text: The Pope must go on, to the end.
dialog: Be the personification of the
dialog: crucified Christ! If you resign you
dialog: will damage the prestige of the
dialog: papacy forever.
text: They are now seated facing each other.
dialog: 73
text: Ratzinger seems to think this over before replying.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: And what damage will I do if I
dialog: remain?
text: BERGOGLIO registers this point -
text: But his thoughts flee and regroup like flocks of starlings.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: I can’t understand how this
text: conversation is happening. The last
dialog: time anyone discussed a thing like
dialog: this, these frescoes weren't
dialog: painted. Two Popes? Unthinkable.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: In 1978 we had three.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Not at the same time!
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: I was making a little joke.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: A joke?
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: A German joke. It doesn’t have to
dialog: be funny.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: What would we call you?
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Father Ratzinger? Brother
dialog: Joseph?...
text: German humour again? Ratzinger comes up with a name:
speaker_heading: RATZINGER: (CONT’D)
dialog: Pope Emeritus? Would that work?
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
text: Two Popes. Both commanding
dialog: authority.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Only one would command authority.
dialog: I would hide away...out of the spot-
dialog: light. Silence incarnate!
dialog: “Silentium Incarnatum”
dialog: 74
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO
dialog: Bergoglio
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Even if you are never seen or heard
dialog: again, you will still exist.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: For a while at any rate.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: But your views, very well known
dialog: views, will exist. And therefore
dialog: will have authority still! Could
dialog: you accept that?
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: There’s a saying - the Lord
dialog: corrects one Pope by giving us the
dialog: next. I’d like to see my
dialog: correction.
text: throws up his hands -
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Where would you live?
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: I'll find somewhere. I would keep
dialog: out of your way.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: “My” way?!
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Possibly. I think it has to be a
dialog: possibility ...
dialog: isn’t going to have that conversation.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO
dialog: Are you being pressured to go? The
dialog: Curia?
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: If there was pressure from there, I
dialog: would resist it. I know my reasons
dialog: are pure.
text: The Pope stares, neither confirms or denies this -—
speaker_heading: RATZINGER: (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m a scholar not a manager--I have
text: a pace-maker and can no longer see
dialog: out of my left eye. Governance
dialog: requires eyes I don’t have.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 75
speaker_heading: RATZINGER: (CONT'D)
dialog: I have fought and fought to do what
dialog: needs to be done. But I have lost.
text: BERGOGLIO is amazed to see the POPE humble himself like this.
text: Ratzinger’s watch beeps. “-Time to walk””. Ratzinger stands
text: up and starts walking towards the entrance of the chapel. He
dialog: doesn’t need to explain anything.
dialog: Bergoglio
dialog: and forth
dialog: Ratzinger
text: follows Ratzinger and they both walk and talk back
text: in the Sistine Chapel as if it was a gym.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: It is our weakness that calls forth
dialog: the grace of god. When we offer our
dialog: weakness, He gives us strength.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: I’ve answered your question... Be
dialog: satisfied.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO
dialog: With respect, Holiness, it’s not I
dialog: who has to be satisfied. It’s 1.2
dialog: billion believers. They will need
dialog: to know why. Otherwise they will
dialog: think there is some scandal, some
dialog: plot...
dialog: goes quiet. Maybe there IS some mystery?
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: That is the calculation of
dialog: leadership. A calculation we must
dialog: both make.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Both? Why?
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: For weeks I have been praying. I
dialog: wanted to resign. But the thought
dialog: that stopped me - what if at the
dialog: next conclave, they voted for you.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Then I offered my resignation.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Exactly. And I was delighted. One
dialog: reason I didn’t want to resign
dialog: was...what if you were next.
text: This is only half in jest. Bergoglio smiles.
dialog: 76
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO
speaker_heading: RATZINGER: (CONT’D)
dialog: And so you came. And now I’ve
dialog: changed.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: You compromised.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: No. I’ve changed. It’s a different
dialog: thing. Your approach, your style is
dialog: radically different from mine. And
dialog: I don’t agree with most things you
dialog: say and do...
dialog: smiles -
speaker_heading: RATZINGER
dialog: But now I can see a necessity for
dialog: Bergoglio. I cannot do this without
dialog: knowing that there is at least a
dialog: possibility that you might be
dialog: chosen.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: No. Father, I could never...not me.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: We both know, in our hearts, that
dialog: it could be. The Church needs
dialog: change and you could be that
dialog: change.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Not, not me, never. It could not be
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: You know why...
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: I’ve read your files.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: (emphatic)
dialog: The files are incomplete.
scene_heading: FLASHBACK TO:
scene_heading: INT. CONFESSIONAL - BASILICA DE FLORES (1955) - NIGHT
dialog: We're back in 1955 with the young Bergoglio in the
dialog: confessional, as we saw before.
scene_heading: YOUNG BERGOGLIO: JOVEN BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Bless me father for I have Bendiceme padre porque he
dialog: sinned. pecado...
scene_heading: PRIEST: SACERDOTE:
dialog: Go now and sin no more ... Podés irte y en adelante no
dialog: vuelvas a pecar.
text: Young Bergoglio opens the door of the confessional but - as
dialog: before - it doesn’t lead into the peace of the basilica ...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. RIVADAVIA (1976) - DAY
text: An armored car rumbles by incredibly close. People peep out
text: from behind curtains and shutters, too scared to protest.
text: Soldiers barge past.
text: Off this unnerving, violent moment we lurch into
scene_heading: EXT. ARCHIVAL FOOTAGE/ DIRTY WAR/ ARGENTINA - DAY
text: In a mix of re-enactments and archival footage
dialog: Archive footage: We get the atmosphere of life under the
text: Junta - including footage of tanks and protests.
speaker_heading: VIDELA (ARCHIVE)
dialog: Al pueblo de Argentina. El pais
dialog: transita por una de las etapas mas
dialog: dificiles de su historia
text: Presence of military on the streets.
text: Civilians are violently approached. Cars are stopped and
dialog: checked.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO (V.0.)
dialog: In the 70's, the government was
text: overthrown by a military
dialog: dictatorship. At that time, I
dialog: became the head of the Jesuit
dialog: priests in Argentina.
dialog: 78
text: DURING A MASS, BERGOGLIO IS PLACING COMMUNION WAFERS ON THE
text: TONGUES OF THE CONGREGATION WHO FILE FORWARD AND OPEN THEIR
text: MOUTHS...
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO: (V.O.)
dialog: Everybody was a suspect. 30,000
dialog: people were killed. Anyone who
dialog: disagreed, disappeared. Esther, my
dialog: old boss, my friend, her daughter
dialog: was among them.
scene_heading: INSERT ARCHIVE of MUGICA’S speech:
speaker_heading: PADRE MUGICA:
dialog: No se trata mAs que de restituir al
dialog: pueblo, lo que al pueblo le
dialog: corresponde. Todo ser humano en una
dialog: sociedad civilizada en la cual se
dialog: aplique los principios de Jesus
dialog: Cristo, tiene que tener derecho a
dialog: su trabajo.
text: Fr. MUGICA - is gunned down outside his church.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO: (V.O.)
dialog: Many priests were seen as
dialog: supporters of the armed resistance.
dialog: Father Mugica, the voice of the
dialog: poor in Argentina was martyred in
dialog: 1974... After him many priests and
dialog: nuns were killed.
text: The body of a PRIEST is thrown on to the train tracks.
text: Another PRIEST is shot. The DEATH SQUAD then drive away.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: This is not a time I am proud of,
dialog: father.
text: A nun is dragged, about to be thrown from a military plane.
text: Bergoglio is being presented to Massera in the lobby of his
text: headquarters. He sees Astiz.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO: (V.O.)
dialog: I felt my job was to make sure my
dialog: priests were safe.
dialog: So I talked to Admiral Massera, one
dialog: of the leaders of the Junta. I
dialog: tried to reason with him, to
dialog: compromise.
dialog: 79
scene_heading: EXT. PLAZA DE MAYO (1977) - DAY
text: Footage of disappeared and the mothers of Plaza de Mayo.
text: Esther is in the crowd being interviewed.
speaker_heading: ESTHER:
dialog: Somos Argentinas, vivimos en
dialog: Argentina, lo que podemos asegurar
dialog: es que hay miles y miles de madres
dialog: sufriendo mucha angustia, mucho
dialog: dolor, mucha desesperacién. Sd6lo
dialog: queremos saber dénde estan nuestros
dialog: hijos. Vivos o muertos.
speaker_heading: INSERT (ARCHIVE) :
speaker_heading: VIDELA:
dialog: "There’s no way we can deal with
dialog: the disappeared because they
dialog: disappeared."
scene_heading: INT. ESTHER’S HOUSE (1977) - DAY
text: Esther and Bergoglio are having an argument. Esther’s flat is
text: a typical activist’s home - full of books and leaflets.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO: (V.O.)
dialog: Esther was an atheist, a Marxist.
dialog: Before the dictatorship that didn’t
dialog: matter. Now she thought I was the
dialog: enemy.
text: Bergoglio selects the books and put them on a card box,
text: Esther just watches.
scene_heading: ESTHER: ESTHER:
dialog: All of them? Todos?
scene_heading: BERGOGLIO: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: No, this one can stay, the No, 6éste se puede quedar, el
dialog: rest I’1ll take with me. resto me los llevo.
scene_heading: ESTHER: ESTHER:
dialog: How do you know that they are Como sabés que me estan
dialog: watching me? vigilando?
text: Bergoglio opens a news paper in which Astiz is seen among the
dialog: mothers protesting.
text: Esther's face turns ashen white. She looks as though she has
dialog: been hit.
dialog: 80
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
text: This man who “speaks out”
dialog: with you. His name is Astiz.
dialog: Personal friend of Admiral
dialog: Massera. They call him the
dialog: Blonde Angel of Death. That’s
dialog: why I’m here. To warn you.
dialog: He’s an informer.
speaker_heading: ESTHER:
dialog: Do you know him? What are you
dialog: doing?
dialog: Why don’t you speak out!?
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: If I spoke out I would not be
dialog: able to help you.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Este hombre que protesta con
dialog: ustedes se llama Astiz.
dialog: Es amigo personal del
dialog: Almirante Massera. Le dicen
dialog: el Angel de la Muerte. Por
dialog: eso vine hasta aca. Para
dialog: prevenirte. Es un informante.
speaker_heading: ESTHER:
dialog: Lo conoces? Y que estas
dialog: haciendo aca?
dialog: Porque’ no salis a hablar!?
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Si dijera algo, ya no podria
dialog: ayudarte.
dialog: (V.0.)
dialog: I took her books away for
dialog: safekeeping. Marx, Gramsci,
dialog: Guevara...
text: Esther’s Daugther is arrested inside a bus and dragged to a
text: paramilitar car.
text: PICK UP ON a young woman, weeks later, walking into the flat.
text: It’s Esther’s daughter. She is pregnant
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO: (V.O.)
dialog: She looked at me like a stranger...
dialog: with fear... That was the last time
dialog: I ever saw her. She warned me and I
dialog: didn’t listen. Had I listened I
dialog: would not have made the mistakes I
dialog: made.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SEMINARY LIBRARY (1976) - DAY
text: Helped by discontented seminarians, an orderly is taking
text: books from the shelves and putting them into a trolley. And
text: by a fuming Father JALICS (who we saw greet him when he
dialog: joined the order)
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO: (V.O.)
dialog: I saw my role as to protect the
dialog: Jesuit order and its priests. As
dialog: you mentioned, I purged the library
dialog: of Marxist texts.
dialog: 81
scene_heading: INT. BASILICA (1976) - DAY
text: During a MASS, BERGOGLIO is placing COMMUNION WAFERS on the
text: tongues of the congregation who file forward and open their
dialog: mouths...
scene_heading: BERGOGLIO: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: The body of Christ...The body El cuerpo de Cristo... El
dialog: of Christ... cuerpo de Cristo.
text: But then a POOR WOMAN has her MOUTH CLOSED.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO: (V.O.)
dialog: I stuck to the rules.
scene_heading: POOR WOMAN: MUJER HUMILDE:
dialog: Remarried. Me volvi a casar, padre.
text: BERGOGLIO nods, understandingly, and instead of offering her
text: a WAFER, makes the SIGN OF THE CROSS instead, thereby
text: “blessing” her. He then moves on to the next person and
text: resumes setting wafers on tongues....
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. RIVADAVIA - CAR WORKSHOP (1976) - DAY
text: Yorio and Jalics are overseeing a car repair workshop run by
dialog: young people - it’s a slum project (we’ll see more of later).
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO: (V.O.)
dialog: I closed down our projects in the
dialog: slums.
scene_heading: INT. RIVADAVIA - CAR WORKSHOP (1976) - DAY
text: Some teenage boys are working under the bonnet of a truck in
text: a roughly constructed workshop - the walls are made of old
text: billboards. An older man (LUIS) is showing them what to do.
text: Bergoglio arrives. Fr. Jalics sees him and comes to greet him
dialog: warmly.
speaker_heading: JALICS: JALICS:
dialog: Jorge, Father Jorge. My dear Jorge, padre Jorge... Mi hijo
dialog: son. querido.
text: He embraces Bergoglio and introduces him to Luis.
dialog: 82
speaker_heading: JALICS: (CONT'D)
dialog: This is Fr. Jorge. I used to
dialog: teach him and now he is the
dialog: head of all Jesuits in
dialog: Argentina. Oh. And Uruguay.
text: Warm greetings.
speaker_heading: JALICS: (CONT'D)
text: The young men are learning
dialog: skills here. (WRY) They’re
dialog: also learning about injustice
dialog: - the injustice of their own
dialog: lives.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: I need you to close Rivadavia
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: JALICS:
dialog: What?!
speaker_heading: JALICS: (CONT'D)
dialog: Te presento al Padre Jorge.
dialog: Yo fui su maestro y ahora él
dialog: es el superior de todos los
dialog: Jesuitas de Argentina...
dialog: ah... y de Uruguay!
speaker_heading: JALICS: (CONT'D)
dialog: Los muchachos estan
dialog: aprendiendo algunas
dialog: habilidades ...
dialog: (irénico)
dialog: También estan aprendiendo
dialog: sobre las injusticias ---
dialog: empezando por la injusticia
dialog: de sus propias vidas.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO
dialog: Necesito que cierren
dialog: Rivadavia.
speaker_heading: JALICS:
dialog: éQué decis?
text: PICK UP ON Bergoglio and Jalics have now been joined by two
text: other priests - YORIO and DOURRON.
speaker_heading: YORIO:
dialog: We've built this mission from
dialog: nothing. These are our
dialog: people.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Since Massera took over, I
dialog: have not lost one Jesuit
dialog: because...
speaker_heading: JALICS:
dialog: Because you don’t speak out
dialog: against the regime. Because
dialog: you've made us irrelevant.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: No. I don’t speak out. I
dialog: shelter people in the Maximo.
dialog: Smuggle people over the
dialog: border.
speaker_heading: YORIO:
dialog: No construimos esta misién
dialog: para nada... Esta es nuestra
dialog: gente.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Desde que Massera llegé al
dialog: poder, no perdi ni un jesuita
dialog: porque---
speaker_heading: JALICS:
dialog: --- porque no hablas en
dialog: contra del régimen. Porque
dialog: nos hiciste pasar por
dialog: irrelevantes.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: No... No hablo en contra...
dialog: Sin embargo le di refugio a
dialog: muchos en el Maximo... Y
dialog: ayudé a otros a cruzar la
dialog: frontera...
dialog: 83
speaker_heading: YORIO:
dialog: That’s not the point. Saving
dialog: a few here a few there. We
dialog: need to save the country.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: They're watching you. They
dialog: don’t like what they see. I
dialog: know this for a fact.
speaker_heading: YORIO:
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: YORIO:
dialog: How do you know that, Jorge?
speaker_heading: YORIO
dialog: Ese no es el punto. Salvds a
dialog: unos pocos por aca y a otros
dialog: pocos por alla... Nosotros
dialog: necesitamos salvar el pais.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Los estan vigilando. Y no les
dialog: gusta lo que estan viendo. Lo
dialog: sé. Es un hecho.
speaker_heading: YORIO:
dialog: éCémo?
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: éQué?
speaker_heading: YORIO:
dialog: Cémo lo sabés, Jorge.
text: Bergoglio looks uncharacteristically shifty.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: My role is to protect the
dialog: order.
speaker_heading: YORIO:
dialog: That’s our calling now? To
dialog: protect ourselves?
speaker_heading: JALICS:
dialog: I TAUGHT you in the seminary.
dialog: How do we get to know Christ?
text: By following his footsteps.
dialog: Where do they lead? Here.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
text: Or to the firing squad.
speaker_heading: YORIO:
dialog: And if so, so be it.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Mi funcidén es proteger a la
dialog: Compafiia.
speaker_heading: YORIO:
dialog: éEse es nuestro llamado
dialog: ahora? éProtegernos a
dialog: nosotros mismos?
speaker_heading: JALICS:
dialog: Yo te lo ensefé en el
dialog: seminario. éCémo llegamos a
dialog: conocer a Cristo? Siguiendo
dialog: sus pasos. é2Y dénde nos
dialog: llevan esos pasos? Aca.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: O al pelotén de fusilamiento.
speaker_heading: YORIO:
dialog: Si eso es lo que tiene que
dialog: ser, que sea.
dialog: 84
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: I am your provincial, and I’m
dialog: begging you - come back to
dialog: the Maximo.
speaker_heading: YORIO:
dialog: And if we don’t?.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: You’re Jesuits. You made a
dialog: vow, break that vow and you
dialog: are no longer Jesuits.
speaker_heading: DOURRON:
dialog: If we aren’t recognised by
dialog: the Order, we are no longer
dialog: protected. You could be
dialog: signing our death warrant.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: (imploring)
dialog: So keep to your vows. Come
dialog: back with me to the Maximo.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO
dialog: Yo soy su superior. Y les
dialog: estoy rogando que vuelvan al
dialog: Maximo.
speaker_heading: YORIO:
dialog: éY si no obedecemos?
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Ustedes son jesuitas.
dialog: Hicieron un voto, rompan ese
dialog: voto, y dejaradn de ser
dialog: jesuitas.
speaker_heading: DOURRON:
dialog: Si no somos reconocidos por
dialog: la Compafia, ya no estamos
dialog: protegidos... Podés estar
dialog: firmando nuestra sentencia de
dialog: muerte.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: (implorando)
dialog: Entonces mantengan sus votos.
dialog: Vuelvan al MAximo.
text: Jalics looks at the others before speaking.
speaker_heading: JALICS:
dialog: We refuse to cease our
dialog: activities here. You carry
text: on taking tea with killers.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: I will talk to anyone who can
dialog: help me save lives. And you
dialog: will shut down, under
dialog: obedience, your project in
dialog: Villa 11.14, Rivadavia.
dialog: That’s an order.
speaker_heading: JALICS:
dialog: Nos oponemos a terminar con
dialog: nuestras actividades aca.
dialog: Podés seguir tomando té con
dialog: los asesinos.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Yo voy a hablar con quien sea
dialog: que me pueda ayudar a salvar
dialog: vidas. Y ustedes, bajo
dialog: mandato de obediencia, van a
dialog: terminar con su proyecto en
dialog: la Villa 11.14, Rivadavia. Es
dialog: una orden.
text: YORIO and JALICS say nothing, but rather turn and walk out.
text: BERGOGLIO is furious. He kicks something.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: (V.0.)
dialog: They disobeyed my orders...
dialog: questioned my authority...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 85
scene_heading: INT. SISTINE CHAPEL (2012) - DAY
text: Bergoglio and Ratzinger are seated together under the
dialog: balcony. .
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: You made a difficult, perhaps an
dialog: imperfect choice.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: What is an order if it’s not its
dialog: priests and its people. I missed
dialog: it. I was supposed to protect them.
dialog: I failed.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BUENOS AIRES EZEIZA (1976) - DAY
text: Father DOURRON is pedalling along a narrow street on his
text: bicycle when he sees military vehicles approach the Mission.
text: He looks behind him - some troops are walking into place at
text: the other end of the street.
text: He hides behind a fence.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. RIVADAVIA (1976) - DAY
text: Soldiers pile out of trucks and run to the Mission.
text: PICK UP ON Jalics, who is trying to get to the Mission. He
text: almost runs into a group of soldiers who level their weapons
text: at him. He goes down on his knees with his hands in the air.
text: At the same time the paramilitary take Yorio from the Mission
text: to the second truck.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO: (V.O.)
dialog: It is not easy to entrust oneself
dialog: to God’s mercy. I know, he has a
dialog: very special capacity for
dialog: forgetting our mistakes. God
dialog: forgets, but I don’t.
scene_heading: INT. SISTINE CHAPEL - DAY
text: Bergoglio looks up from the memory into the face of
dialog: Ratzinger.
dialog: 86
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Fathers Jorio and Yalics - my old
dialog: teachers - were taken away and
text: tortured for months. Their hands
dialog: were broken.
text: He looks up at the images of blood and martyrdom that run
text: through the frescoes.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: I went back to Massera. I took my
dialog: tea. I implored for their freedom.
dialog: But it wasn’t enough.
scene_heading: INT. ADMIRAL MASSERA’S OFFICE - DAY
text: BERGOGLIO enters the Marine headquarters determined to talk
text: to Massera. After a long wait he’s taken to Massera’s room.
text: The door opens, Massera is watching a Tennis Match, Villas
text: and Borg. He is a big fan.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: You have two of my priests.
dialog: Fathers Jalics and Yorio.
dialog: You're detaining them...
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL MASSERA
dialog: I will of course make
dialog: enquiries, Father.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: They are not involved in any
dialog: activities.
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL MASSERA
dialog: Then why did you kick them
dialog: out?
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: I did not kick them out. They
dialog: were temporarily out of
dialog: communion. A technical issue
dialog: only. Who told you this?
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Usted tiene a dos de mis
dialog: sacerdotes. Padres Jalics y
dialog: Yorio. Usted los tiene
dialog: detenidos.
speaker_heading: ALMIRANTE MASSERA
dialog: Por supuesto haré la
dialog: investigacién pertinente,
dialog: padre.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Ellos no estan involucrados
dialog: en ninguna actividad.
scene_heading: ALMIRANTE MASSERA:
dialog: éEntonces porqué los expulsé
dialog: (de la Compafiia) ?
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: No los expulsé. Sdé6lo les
dialog: negué la comunién
dialog: temporalmente. Una cuestién
dialog: técnica, nada mds. éQuién le
dialog: dijo eso?
dialog: 87
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL MASSERA:
dialog: We see and hear everything.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: It’s been four months. What
dialog: are you doing with them?
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL MASSERA:
dialog: I am sure they are being well
dialog: taken care of. I’ve told all
dialog: this to Tortolo
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Monsignor Tortolo
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL MASSERA:
dialog: (losing temper)
dialog: Now look here Bergoglio!
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Admiral! I know full well
dialog: where my priests are, and I
dialog: need them freed!
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL MASSERA:
dialog: But they’re not your priests,
dialog: are they? As you said - a
dialog: “technical issue”. You should
dialog: think of the implications
dialog: before you act.
scene_heading: INT. ESMA - DAY
scene_heading: ALMIRANTE MASSERA:
dialog: Nosotros vemos y oimos todo.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Ya pasaron cuatro meses. éQué
dialog: esta haciendo con ellos?
scene_heading: ALMIRANTE MASSERA:
dialog: Estoy seguro de que los estan
dialog: cuidando muy bien. Ya he
dialog: hablado de todo esto con el
dialog: arzobispo Tortolo.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Monsignor Tortolo
scene_heading: ALMIRANTE MASSERA:
dialog: (perdiendo la paciencia)
dialog: Ya basta, Bergoglio!
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Almirante! Yo sé
dialog: perfectamente ddénde estan mis
dialog: sacerdotes, y exijo que los
dialog: liberen!
speaker_heading: ADMIRAL MASSERA:
dialog: Pero no son sus sacerdotes,
dialog: no es asi? Como usted bien
dialog: dijo, “una cuestidn técnica”.
dialog: Deberia pensar en las
dialog: implicancias de sus actos
dialog: antes de actuar.
text: JALICS and YORIO sit semi naked in their cells, with sacks
text: over their heads...
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO (V.0.)
text: My words had no impact. Empty.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER
dialog: (V.0.)
dialog: Well you did all you could.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO
dialog: (V.0.)
dialog: It wasn’t enough. I did what was
dialog: safe... and justified it as trying
dialog: to protect my Order.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER
dialog: (V.0.)
dialog: Dictatorships take away our freedom
dialog: to choose... we both know that.
dialog: 88
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO : (V.O.)
dialog: Yes, or perhaps they reveal our own
dialog: weaknesses. They test who we are.
scene_heading: INT. SISTINE CHAPEL (2012) - DAY
text: The two men are still sitting under the balcony.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO
dialog: December 18th, 1977.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: What is that?
text: Bergoglio looks haunted.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HERCULES MILITARY PLANE (1977) - DAY
text: The scream of aero-engines. Esther’s hand is grabbed by a
text: naval officer and stretched out to its length. Another
text: officer injects her with something. She is struggling but the
text: injection makes her stop.
text: WIDE: TWO OTHER WOMEN are being unshackled. They have all
dialog: been drugged.
text: The DOORS on the AIRCRAFT are then SLID OPEN, and we see that
text: the PLANE is flying over Ocean.
text: One by one the WOMEN are flung to their deaths. They do not
text: resist. Cannot resist. Finally it’s Esther’s turn. She is
text: pulled to the edge. And then thrown out into the sea.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO: (V.O.)
dialog: And then they took Esther, my dear
dialog: friend.
speaker_heading: BACK TO:
scene_heading: INT. SISTINE CHAPEL (2012) - DAY
text: Bergoglio and Ratzinger still talking together next to
text: Michelangelo's Last Judgement with its images of smashed and
text: tortured bodies.
dialog: 89
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
text: There were so many bodies washed up
dialog: on the shores that the coast guard
dialog: complained they could no longer
dialog: cope.
text: BERGOGLIO’s expression is one of great guilt. The Pope’s
text: face is bent in prayer. He finally opens his eyes and looks
text: at BERGOGLIO...
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Where was Christ in the days of the
dialog: dictatorship - was he having
dialog: meetings in the presidential
dialog: palace, or was he being tortured in
dialog: the prisons. And where was I?
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Dictatorships take away the freedom
dialog: to choose. We both know that.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: I could have spoken out in public.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: And if no one had listened. What
dialog: then?
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Every choice that Fathers Yorio and
dialog: Jalics made, I made the opposite. A
dialog: leader belongs with his people, not
text: hidden away in a palace.
scene_heading: CUT AWAY TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CORDOBA (MID 1980'S) - DAY
text: The figure of Bergoglio walking through the desolate, dusty
text: condor-haunted hills. The image may seem like a metaphor at
dialog: this point but we'll discover that it’s a memory...
speaker_heading: RATZINGER: (V.O.)
text: Perhaps the path appears straight
text: when we look back at it. On the way
dialog: we often feel lost...
scene_heading: INT. SISTINE CHAPEL (2012) - DAY
text: Ratzinger places his hand on Bergoglio’s.
dialog: 90
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: You cannot teach mercy without
dialog: having experienced mercy. Let me
dialog: show you another Bergoglio, the one
dialog: you are blind to. Let me reveal you
dialog: to yourself -
text: Bergoglio looks up. What’s going on? Is Ratzinger defending
dialog: him?
speaker_heading: RATZINGER: (CONT'D)
dialog: You talk about your authority. What
dialog: did you do with that authority? You
dialog: used it to save dozens of lives.
text: Bergoglio is surprised that Ratzinger knows this.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER: (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s in the file. You hid families
text: of trade unionists in the seminary.
dialog: You even drove some of them up to
dialog: the border yourself.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO
dialog: It wasn’t enough.
text: INSERT: Bergoglio hides activists at Colegio Maximo.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Not for your brother Jesuits, no.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Pride obscured my judgement. The
dialog: right to say Mass was removed and
dialog: with it, the protection of the
dialog: Church. I was supposed to protect
dialog: them...I failed.
scene_heading: INT. COLEGIO MAXIMO OFFICE (MID 1980'S) - DAY
text: BERGOGLIO surrenders his many keys to the RECTOR...who
text: solemnly watches this stripping away of BERGOGLIO’s power...
speaker_heading: RATZINGER (V.O.)
dialog: They accused you of hard line
dialog: views, of being right-wing, of
dialog: having sinned by doing too little,
dialog: of being egotistical. These are the
dialog: things that were said about you in
text: the dossier, during the conclave.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 91
speaker_heading: MONTAGE:
dialog: A) Majestic wide-shots of - mountains, dry hills, peasant
dialog: farmers working their dry land...
speaker_heading: RATZINGER: (V.O.)
dialog: You were cast out--removed from
dialog: your position, stripped of all
dialog: authority. Your supporters were
dialog: dispersed, sent abroad and told
dialog: not to contact you. Finally, in
dialog: shame ..
text: B) BERGOGLIO, travelling by BUS, through this landscape.
scene_heading: C) MIDDAY. CORDOBA. BERGOGLIO stands, looking at the Jesuit
dialog: Residencia Mayor in Cordoba, Argentina.
text: D) ROOM No. 5 of the simple adobe sleeping cells. The room
text: is small and red. Heavy red curtains, red-tiled floor, red
text: coverlet on the bed. A painting of the Crucifixion is the
text: only adornment. It looks like the cell of a monk or a
text: prisoner. BERGOGLIO enters -
text: E) Canteen. Bergoglio is serving dinner to a group of old
dialog: priests.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO: (V.0O)
text: Two years of introspection, of dark
dialog: days and nights, of interior
dialog: crisis.
dialog: F) Bergoglio bathes an old priest
text: G) BERGOGLIO scrubs pots.
text: H) - Bergoglio unfolds a packet with books related to
dialog: Liberation Theology.
text: Bergoglio reads a book related to the Theology of People
text: Many other books are around.
text: I) BERGOGLIO sleeps on a simple small bed.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO(V.O. )
dialog: I heard a lot of confessions ...I
dialog: learned to listen and saw people
dialog: that I didn’t see before.
text: BERGOGLIO in Room No. 5, sitting on his bed, under the
text: shuttered window, hears Confession through the shutters.
text: Outside the open shutters, a PEASANT admits his sins -
dialog: 92
speaker_heading: PEASANT 1
dialog: Bless me father for I have
dialog: sinned.
speaker_heading: PEASANT 2
dialog: Bless me father for I have
dialog: sinned.
speaker_heading: PEASANT 3
dialog: Bless me father...
speaker_heading: CAMPESINO 1
dialog: Bendigame, padre, porque he
dialog: pecado.
speaker_heading: CAMPESINO 2
dialog: Bendigame padre, porque he
dialog: pecado.
speaker_heading: CAMPESINO 3
dialog: Bendigame padre---
text: BERGOGLIO, on his bed, his back to the wall under the
text: shuttered window, weeps.
scene_heading: INT. SMALL CHAPEL/ CORDOBA (MID 1980'S) - DAY
text: BERGOGLIO is saying MASS to a small collection of country
text: folk in a simple country CHAPEL.
text: He moves to the LECTERN to deliver his sermon and looks at
text: the simple COUNTRY FOLK.
text: The COUNTRY FOLK look back at him.
text: He goes to speak but his LIPS DO NOT MOVE - at first. But
dialog: then he knows what he wants to say...
dialog: 93
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: I used to have a TV. I like
dialog: to
dialog: watch football.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: My team is--well--I can tell
dialog: anyone who is interested
dialog: later.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: A TV needs--an aerial. And a
dialog: signal. Some days the signal
dialog: is
dialog: bad--who knows why. Like
dialog: prayer. Some days the signal
dialog: from God is strong, it goes
dialog: very well, you feel that
dialog: connection, really plugged
dialog: in, in direct communication,
dialog: but other days--it’s all you
dialog: can do to feel “well, I tried-
dialog: -at least today I tried.” You
dialog: feel you got nothing back.
dialog: People expect it to be
dialog: different for a priest, as if
dialog: God
dialog: and I have a hot-line,
dialog: installed by Michelangelo
text: working from a diagram by Da
dialog: Vinci.
speaker_heading: INSERT:
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Yo solia tener television. Me
dialog: gustaba mirar fitbol.
dialog: (se detiene un instante)
dialog: Yo soy hincha de--- bueno,
dialog: eso se lo puedo decir mas
dialog: tarde al que esté
dialog: interesado... Una televisién
dialog: necesita una antena. Y una
dialog: sefal. A veces la sefal es
dialog: mala, quien sabe porqué...
dialog: Como cuando rezamos. A veces
dialog: la sefial que nos envia Dios
dialog: es fuerte y clara, funciona
dialog: bien, uno puede sentir la
dialog: conexién, estamos realmente
dialog: enchufados, en comunicacién
dialog: directa... Pero hay otros
dialog: dias donde uno solo puede
dialog: decir: “bueno... por lo menos
dialog: lo intenté”... Porque uno
dialog: siente que no recibe nada...
dialog: que no tiene respuesta. La
dialog: gente piensa que para
dialog: nosotros, los sacerdotes,
dialog: funciona distinto, como si
dialog: Dios tuviera linea directa
dialog: con nosotros, una linea
dialog: construida por Miguel Angel
dialog: gracias a un diagrama de Da
dialog: Vinci.
text: Images of Bergoglio, alone, walking on the beautiful and dry
text: landscape of Cordoba.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: What I’m saying is...I am not
dialog: worthy to deliver a sermon
dialog: today. The words would be
dialog: just my words would only be
dialog: mine...and so most likely
dialog: wrong or misleading. It would
dialog: be better that you teach me.
dialog: I am sorry.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: (sonrie)
dialog: Lo que quiero decir es... que
dialog: hoy no merezco darles un
dialog: sermon... Mis palabras serian
dialog: solo mis palabras... y
dialog: probablemente serian
dialog: equivocadas o confusas... Son
dialog: ustedes los que me tienen que
dialog: ensefiar a mi. Eso seria lo
dialog: mejor. Disculpen.
text: He moves back to the altar and continues the MASS - the
dialog: congregation are stunned!
dialog: 94
scene_heading: INT. SMALL CHAPEL CORDOBA (MID 1980’S) - DAY
text: In a SLUM CHURCH, during a small MASS for the SLUM DWELLERS,
text: he offers the WAFER (during “COMMUNION”) then puts it into
text: the open ouths of the congregation who file forward...
dialog: 
scene_heading: BERGOGLIO BERGOGLIO
dialog: The body of Christ... El cuerpo de Cristo...
dialog: The body of Christ... El cuerpo de Cristo...
dialog: The body of Christ... El cuerpo de Cristo...
text: But then one WOMAN has her MOUTH CLOSED. She whispers -
scene_heading: SLUM WOMAN 1 MUJER HUMILDE 1
dialog: Father, I am divorced. (por lo bajo)
dialog: Padre, soy divorciada.
text: BERGOGLIO nods, then doesn’t hesitate, he places a WAFER into
text: the woman’s mouth.
scene_heading: SLUM WOMAN 2 MUJER HUMILDE 2
dialog: Me too. Yo también soy divorciada.
text: He serves her. Then moves to the next man, who also has his
dialog: mouth closed.
scene_heading: SLUM MAN 1 HOMBRE HUMILDE
dialog: Remarried. Me volvi a casar, padre.
text: BERGOGLIO serves him too, then notices that the next man also
text: has his MOUTH CLOSED.
text: BERGOGLIO looks at the entire congregation. He shouldn’t
dialog: really be giving communion to any of these people - but does
dialog: so.
scene_heading: EXT. SMALL CHAPEL/ CORDOBA (MID 1980'S) - DAY
text: Bergoglio is outside of the chapel sharing mate with the
text: people that has just left. He’s light and happy.
scene_heading: MONTAGE CORDOBA LANDSCAPE CONTINUES:
text: A) Bergoglio is walking with some priests.
text: B) Bergoglio is sitting on a rock.
text: C) Bergoglio is camping by a lake.
text: D) Bergoglio is playing football with local teenagers.
dialog: 95
scene_heading: EXT. CORDOBA (MID 1980'S) - DAY
text: Bergoglio walks alone along a dirty road. Huge mountains
text: behind. He’s insignificant compared to that landscape.
scene_heading: INT. SISTINE CHAPEL (2012) - DAY
text: Ratzinger and Bergoglio are still sitting together.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: It took years. Until you were
dialog: noticed. Cardinal Quarracino
dialog: noticed you at an international
dialog: conference. You gave a famous
dialog: speech. I have it here ...
text: He starts to read it...
scene_heading: INT. MODERN BUILDING - BUENOS AIRES - 2000 - DAY
text: A packed INTERNATIONAL AUDIENCE of PRIESTS and LAY-PEOPLE
text: await the SPEAKER...
text: BERGOGLIO (our older Bergoglio) is at the lectern, speaking
dialog: in English.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER (V.O.)
dialog: We have known tyranny in this
text: country, but--a new tyranny rises
dialog: up...
text: BERGOGLIO walks up to the lectern.
text: Ratzinger’s VO fades and Bergoglio’s voice comes to the fore.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
text: A new tyranny rises up. Not just
dialog: here, but across the world.
text: He stands there and surveys the large packed congregation,
text: pausing before speaking. A protestor shouts...
speaker_heading: PROTESTOR
dialog: Who are you to talk about tyranny!
dialog: You were friends with the tyrant!
text: People join in, booing Bergoglio.
text: Bergoglio bows his head, taking it, almost expecting it.
dialog: 96
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO
dialog: A tyranny not just of oppression or
dialog: repression or terror. A tyranny of
dialog: unfair economic structures that
dialog: create huge inequalities.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO
dialog: Twenty percent of
dialog: the world’s population consumes
text: resources at a rate that robs the
dialog: poor nations and future
dialog: generations of what they need to
dialog: survive. Just as the commandment
dialog: “Thou shalt not kill” sets a clear
dialog: limit in order to safeguard the
dialog: value of human life, today we also
dialog: have to say “thou shalt not” to an
dialog: economy of exclusion and
dialog: inequality which idolises money.
dialog: Such an economy also kills.
text: ANGLE ON: CARDINAL ANTONIO QUARRACINO, who realises he is
text: hearing something new here, and so takes out a DICTAPHONE to
text: record this. He starts TAPING the ADDRESS...
text: Here, BERGOGLIO falls silent - and we prelap the POPE’s words
text: into the next scene -
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO: (CONT'D)
text: There is a phrase now “trickle down
dialog: economics”. Let me tell you,
dialog: nothing trickles down to the poor
dialog: but poverty and injustice.
text: CARDINAL QUARRACINO looks around him to see how BERGOGLIO’s
text: message is being received. His POV of: transfixed people,
text: riveted. He turns back to BERGOGLIO, who resumes —
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO (CONT'D)
dialog: Every community is called to be an
dialog: instrument for the liberation,
dialog: the liberation and the promotion
dialog: of the poor!
text: He steps down. The CONGREGATION are not quite sure what they
dialog: have heard.
text: Cardinal Quarracino sees Bergoglio surrounded by journalists.
text: Quarrantino approaches to congratulate and talk to Bergoglio
dialog: but we don’t hear what they’re saying.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER: (V.O.)
dialog: You were made bishop. But you did
dialog: not live like one.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 97
speaker_heading: RATZINGER: (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: You renounced luxury. You became
dialog: the “Bishop Of The Slums. You did
dialog: the work you once denied Fathers
dialog: Yorio and Jalics!
scene_heading: EXT. BUENOS AIRES (2012) - DAY
text: A Drone Shot shows two faces of the vast city; firstly
text: showing the affluent skyline of office blocks then we’re in
text: the middle of Villa 21. Bergoglio is being driven on a trike
text: through the Villa. The drone follows him from behind. Some
text: people greet him as he walks.
scene_heading: EXT. VILLA 21 (2002), FOOD KITCHEN AND CLOTHES DISTRIBUTION
speaker_heading: CENTRE - DAY
text: Bergoglio helping out in a food kitchen and distributing
dialog: clothes.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO: (V.O.)
dialog: I tried to walk the road from which
dialog: I banished them. Every vegetable I
dialog: chopped... Every eviction we
dialog: prevented. Every case we pleaded,
dialog: was some kind of penance.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER: (V.O.)
dialog: Yes.
scene_heading: INT. SISTINE CHAPEL (2012) - DAY
text: He is still sitting close to Ratzinger. He looks him in the
dialog: eye.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: My dear son, you have confessed to
dialog: me. Allow me to absolve you.
text: Bergoglio hesitates. Has he been out-manoeuvred?
speaker_heading: RATZINGER: (CONT'D)
dialog: Believe in the mercy that you
dialog: preach.
text: Bergoglio bows his head.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: I absolve you in the name of the
dialog: father and of the son and of the
dialog: Holy Spirit.
dialog: 98
text: Bergoglio looks up. He looks less haunted, more ready.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Thank you, Father.
text: The tourists door opens. Roberto comes in. Two security
text: guards stay close to the door. We’re aware of noise outside.
speaker_heading: ROBERTO:
dialog: Holy Father, it’s nine o'clock,
text: they are opening the doors to the
dialog: public.
text: The doors at the far end of the chapel open. A couple of
text: Swiss Guards come in and take up positions.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Oh, Heaven. The museums...the
dialog: tourists...
speaker_heading: ROBERTO:
dialog: Should I delay the opening, Holy
dialog: Father?
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: No, no. Of course not. Some of
dialog: those people have waited all their
scene_heading: lives to see this. (TO BERGOGLIO)
dialog: Come ...
text: The guards hold the entrance door till the Pope has gone. The
text: sound of tourists can be heard outside.
text: Ratzinger opens a little door and they slip into...
scene_heading: INT. VATICAN - CHAMBER OF TEARS (2012) - DAY
text: As they settle down...
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Holy Father, are you hungry?
text: Ratzinger looks startled. No one ever asks him that.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Do you know, I think perhaps I am.
text: He glances at Roberto, who is taken aback.
speaker_heading: ROBERTO:
dialog: I could ask the kitchens to ...
dialog: 99
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: No need. There’s a place just in
text: front of Via de Porta Angelica.
text: Excellent coffee and pizzas.
text: Roberto looks utterly nonplussed. But the Pope nods at him.
scene_heading: INT. SISTINE CHAPEL (2012) - DAY
text: The door is opened, as the tourists enter Roberto crosses the
text: way in the opposite direction.
speaker_heading: GUARDS GUARDIE
dialog: No photos, please... Nessuna Niente foto, per favore...
dialog: foto, per favore... Nessuna foto, per piacere.
scene_heading: EXT. ROME - VIA DE PORTA ANGELICA (2012) - DAY
text: Roberto - looking painfully uncomfortable - has just ordered
text: at the bar.
speaker_heading: BAR: BAR OWNER:
dialog: To take away? Da portare via?
scene_heading: ROBERTO: ROBERTO:
scene_heading: (NEVER SAID THIS BEFORE IN (IN TUTTA LA SUA VITA NON
scene_heading: HIS LIFE) Yes. To take away. L’HA MAI DETTO QUESTO) Si. Da
dialog: portare via.
scene_heading: INT. VATICAN - CHAMBER OF TEARS (2012) - DAY
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: They call it the Chamber of Tears.
dialog: I came in here Josef Ratzinger, I
dialog: left as Benedict XVI. No one tells
dialog: you if they are tears of joy or
text: tears of sorrow.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: I suppose that’s up to you.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Yes. I suppose it is.
text: Roberto comes in with coffee, fanta and a pizza.
speaker_heading: ROBERTO:
dialog: Fathers.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Thank you, Roberto.
dialog: 100
text: He goes. Only when he’s gone does Ratzinger allow himself to
dialog: giggle.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER
dialog: You know, whenever a Pope eats,
dialog: there used to be three Jesuits
dialog: present to act as “food
dialog: tasters.” Lack of Jesuits has
dialog: poisoned more than one Pope.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: I can take a bite of your slice if
dialog: you like. Just to be on the safe
dialog: side. Would you say grace, Father?
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Thank you Lord, for this food--
dialog: that we enjoy here--in this
dialog: place--outside of time and the--
dialog: the relentless concerns of the
dialog: outside world...
text: BERGOGLIO begins the Sign Of The Cross, thinking Grace
dialog: completed...but...
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: ..-where--if but for a moment--
dialog: we may find serenity--peace--
dialog: tranquility...
dialog: (silence, then - )
dialog: Lord, your church, your flock is in
dialog: crisis. Grant us the wisdom--and
dialog: the strength...
text: BERGOGLIO thinks again the grace is over, until -
speaker_heading: RATZINGER
dialog: ...to oppose the hypocrisy that
text: disfigures her.
text: Is it over? Surely it is! Until - the POPE resumes, even more
text: fervently...the knuckles of his folded hands white with
text: strain...something BERGOGLIO notices with concern -
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: St. Francis intercede for us as we
dialog: seek to repair the church...
text: The POPE then opens his eyes - and looks DIRECTLY at
scene_heading: BERGOGLIO...
speaker_heading: RATZINGER: (CONT'D)
dialog: Would you like to add anything?
dialog: 101
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Amen?
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Amen.
text: They pick up the pizza.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: I was thinking of your teachers -
dialog: Yorio and Jalics - did you ever
dialog: reconcile with them?
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: With Jalics. We said a Mass
dialog: together...
scene_heading: FLASHBACK TO:
scene_heading: INT. SACRISTY - CHURCH, ARGENTINA (1980'S) - DAY
text: In the vestry, BERGOGLIO dresses. His back is to the door,
text: when it opens and in walks - Fr. Jalics!
scene_heading: BERGOGLIO BERGOGLIO
dialog: Can you make sure the candles éControlads que las velas
dialog: are lit? estén encendidas, por favor?
text: BERGOGLIO turns - and sees Jalics. Tension between them.
speaker_heading: JALICS: JALICS
dialog: Arch-Bishop. Arzobispo...
scene_heading: BERGOGLIO BERGOGLIO
dialog: Jalics. Jalics.
dialog: Silence, then -
speaker_heading: JALICS: JALICS:
dialog: I must get ready. Tengo que prepararme.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MASS (1980'S) - DAY
text: Bergoglio and Jalics are con-celebrating the mass together.
text: Jalics pour water on Bergoglio’s hand. Bergoglio washes it.
text: As he gets the towel to dry, they look at each other.
text: Bergoglio is uncomfortable.
dialog: 102
speaker_heading: PICK UP:
scene_heading: BERGOGLIO: (CONT’D) BERGOGLIO:
dialog: The peace of the Lord be with Que la paz del Sefior esté con
dialog: you. We can give each other a ustedes.
dialog: fraternal hug to go in peace. Podemos darnos,
dialog: fraternalmente entre todos,
dialog: un abrazo de Paz.
text: They both turn to each other. Eyes meet eyes - both have
dialog: compassion for the other.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO (V.0.)
dialog: We cried. In each other’s arms. He
dialog: forgave me.
text: With his eyes, Jalics forgives, smiling through his tears.
scene_heading: INT. VATICAN THE CHAMBER OF TEARS (2012) - DAY
text: BERGOGLIO has begun to cry, at the memory.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: And Yorio?
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: To the end he thought me a traitor.
dialog: And now he is dead. I am still
dialog: divisive in Argentina.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Yesterday you told me that Life is
dialog: never static?
dialog: (slight pause)
dialog: You lead, not by power, not by
dialog: intellect, but by how you live or
dialog: the way you HAVE lived.
dialog: (slight pause)
dialog: You have changed.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: But, Father, that man, that doubt
dialog: is still inside me.
text: Ratzinger looks around - almost as if looking for a clock -
text: something distracting - something to deflect the
dialog: conversation.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: What is the time I wonder?
text: Ratzinger gets up and goes to check that they are alone,
text: looks at BERGOGLIO - then makes a decision.
dialog: 103
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: I am going to introduce you to a
dialog: man who has not changed and refuses
dialog: to change, and you are going to
dialog: hear for yourself the price he has
dialog: paid. I have to request that YOU
text: hear his confession.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: My old friend Father Carmine
dialog: usually hears it but this time I
dialog: would prefer you.
dialog: I mean, you wouldn’t deny me a
dialog: confession, would you Cardinal?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Don’t be afraid.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: How should I start?
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: I don’t know... What do you usually
dialog: say?
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO: (FEELS WRONG)
dialog: How long since your last
dialog: confession?
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Eight days. Perhaps.
text: Bergoglio asks the formula questions and immediately gets
dialog: nervous - they’re not very Pope-appropriate.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO
dialog: And have you sinned greatly in that
dialog: time? I don’t mean to imply that
dialog: you ...
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Of course I’ve sinned - numerous
dialog: sins - venal sins.
dialog: (he begins)
dialog: To God - I wish to repent for the
dialog: sins of my life. In choosing to do
dialog: wrong and failing to do good, I
dialog: have sinned against You, Lord, whom
dialog: I should love above all things.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: As a child I failed you first--by
dialog: not having the bravery to taste
dialog: life. I hid away in
dialog: books.
dialog: (pause)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 104
speaker_heading: RATZINGER: (CONT'D)
dialog: Then in war I joined the Hitler
dialog: Youth. Every fourteen year old was
dialog: ordered to. I deserted. But within
dialog: the church, I took part in the
dialog: enforcement - enforcement of the
dialog: truth.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Oh?
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Yes. Rules, you see, defined my
dialog: life. Obedience under the law.I
dialog: know now that this has left me
dialog: empty of the world our Church is
dialog: meant to help. Is this why, as
dialog: Archbishop--of Munich I failed you
dialog: again?
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Go on...
text: And here, POPE BENEDICT leans in closely to BERGOGLIO’s ear.
text: ECU on: his LIPS, as they begin to move.
text: WIDE: We do not hear the POPE’s CONFESSION. But see it at a
dialog: distance - hearing nothing, until -
text: BERGOGLIO moves back from him..
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Forgive me.
text: Still BERGOGLIO withholds forgiveness
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: He was transferred--from parish
dialog: to parish?
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: I did not give sufficient
dialog: attention to the duties assigned
dialog: to this one priest.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: “Sufficient attention”?! (silence)
dialog: On and on? Village after village?
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Forgive me
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: BUT YOU KNEW?
dialog: 105
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: (Avoiding this) I should have
dialog: known. The facts were sent to me.
dialog: Evidence was placed on my desk
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: So while you were enforcing the
dialog: truth, the rule, you forgot to love
dialog: the people you were meant to
dialog: protect. (beat). You confessed, you
dialog: said there was more.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER
dialog: I ask for forgiveness.
text: Bergoglio touches his shoulder.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO: (CONT’D)
dialog: It’s here, in confession, where we
dialog: are forced to look at the vastness
dialog: of our failures, that we finally
dialog: see the vastness of His mercy.
text: BERGOGLIO sees the Pope’s pain - and moves back to him.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO
dialog: If this confession is the sole
dialog: reason you wish to resign, then
dialog: it’s even more important you stay
dialog: now and heal this wound Stay here.
dialog: Complete the work you have begun.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Every reason I give you is never
dialog: enough. Then listen again...!
dialog: (powerfully)
speaker_heading: SILENCE!
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I can no longer hear God’s voice.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: We all have that experience -
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: (powerfully)
dialog: I can no longer hear God! I believe
dialog: in God! I pray...but only silence.
dialog: How can I reveal his Word to our
dialog: millions of pilgrims if I do not
dialog: hear his presence?
dialog: 106
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: I too ... Mother Theresa ... the
dialog: Lord Himself cried out why have you
dialog: abandoned me.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: No. I have been alone my whole
dialog: life, but I have never been lonely,
dialog: until now. You wished for an
dialog: “extraordinary reason” for my
dialog: resignation - do you have one now?
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: And you have told this to - ?
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: No-one. You. Just you. But these
dialog: last two days, I have heard him
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: You see?
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Speaking to me in the last voice I
dialog: expected him to use - yours. Yours
dialog: Cardinal.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: I have heard him in you. Perhaps I
dialog: could no longer hear Him, NOT
dialog: because He is withdrawing from me,
dialog: but because He is saying, “go my
dialog: faithful servant.”
text: Bergoglio helps him out of his chair and faces him, then
text: closes his eyes and folds his fingers...
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO
dialog: God, the father of mercies, has
dialog: sent the Holy Spirit among us
dialog: for the forgiveness of sins;
dialog: May God grant you His pardon and
dialog: peace and I absolve you of your
dialog: sins ...
text: In a more personal tone Bergoglio quotes Ratzinger to
text: himself. There’s a tender irony.
dialog: 107
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO: (CONT'D)
dialog: But remember... truth may be vital
dialog: but without love it is also
dialog: unbearable - Caritas in Veritate.
text: BERGOGLIO walks away, his back turned on The Pope, to say -
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO
dialog: In the name of the Father, and
dialog: of the Son, and of the Holy
dialog: Spirit. Amen.
text: The POPE and the CARDINAL, at a distance, bless themselves...
text: BERGOGLIO now looks very burdened by the truth as the POPE
text: rises to his feet -
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: You have lifted a great burden from
dialog: my shoulders.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: You have placed a heavy one on
dialog: mine.
text: Bergoglio opens the door to leave but the Sistine Chapel is
text: packed with tourists. He quickly closes the door again.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO
dialog: Is there another route? Shall I
dialog: call security?
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: I’ve been hiding behind security
dialog: for too long. They’re my people.
dialog: I’m their Pope. For now. Let’s go.
text: Bergoglio grins. Opens the door. They go out into the fray.
scene_heading: INT. SISTINE CHAPEL (2012) - DAY
text: Ratzinger and Bergoglio cross the crowded Sistine Chapel.
text: They try not to draw too much attention to themselves but it
text: soon becomes clear that the Pope is in the place.
text: People crowd around Ratzinger, asking for his blessing and
dialog: for selfies.
text: Roberto and the security are waiting rush to rescue the Pope
text: but Bergoglio waves them away.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO
dialog: Look. He’s happy. Let him enjoy the
dialog: moment.
dialog: 108
text: Bergoglio steps back, watching and smiling at the fuss and
text: the grace with which Ratzinger tries to deal with it.
text: A barrage of cellphones point at Ratzinger, most of them with
text: flashes on.
speaker_heading: GUARDS
dialog: Nessuna foto, per favore...
text: When Ratzinger finally gets free he walks with Bergoglio.
scene_heading: EXT. VATICAN FORECOURT (2012) - DAY
text: Bergoglio is carrying his bags to a car, where sits the same
dialog: driver we saw earlier.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You will be pleased to go home I
dialog: expect?
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO
text: Speaking English is exhausting.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER
dialog: (nods)
dialog: Terrible language--so many
dialog: exceptions to every rule.
dialog: Remember Cardinal -
dialog: (pointing to himself)
text: “silence incarnate”.
text: He looks up at the building.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: You know the story of St. Francis?
dialog: How when he heard God asking him to
dialog: restore his church, he thought he
dialog: meant bricks and mortar? Remember
dialog: poor St. Francis. Remember even he
dialog: was wrong sometimes.
text: Bergoglio goes in for a hug. Once again it’s a bit awkward -
text: Ratzinger is not used to being hugged - but this time at
text: least they’re both going for the same thing. They end up in a
text: slightly odd embrace.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: You know Francis loved to dance. He
dialog: would have learnt to tango.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Too late for me.
dialog: 109
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Easier than you think. Look.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER
dialog: Nein, nein. No, no, no, no.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: I will lead.
dialog: My right leg, your left.
text: BERGOGLIO then proceeds to do the first TANGO steps with the
dialog: Pope.
text: ANGLE ON: the SWISS GUARDS. Trying not to watch as -—
text: - BERGOGLIO tries to lead the POPE in a dance... accompanying
text: the effort by quietly singing a tango ...
text: The Pope is a lousy dancer. They finally stop and laugh, as
text: the POPE waves to ROBERTO, who approaches with a farewell
text: GIFT...
text: BERGOGLIO goes to the waiting car. The same driver as last
text: time. He greets the driver warmly. The driver opens the front
text: door. Smiles. Bergoglio enters the car watching and admiring,
text: as the POPE goes back inside.
scene_heading: INT. APOSTOLIC PALACE (2013) - DAY
text: A routine canonization service. 60 Elderly bishops and
text: cardinals are half asleep while Ratzinger reads from a
dialog: prepared speech.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Dear Brothers,
dialog: I have convoked you to this
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Fratres carissimi,
dialog: Non solum propter tres
dialog: Consistory, not only for the
dialog: three canonizations, but also
dialog: to communicate to you a
dialog: decision of great importance
dialog: for the life of the Church.
dialog: After having repeatedly
dialog: examined my conscience before
dialog: God, I have come to the
dialog: certainty that my strengths,
dialog: due to an advanced age, are
dialog: no longer suited to an
dialog: adequate exercise of the
dialog: Petrine ministry.
dialog: canonizationes ad hoc
dialog: Consistorium vos convocavi,
dialog: sed etiam ut vobis decisionem
dialog: magni momenti pro Ecclesiae
dialog: vita communicem. Conscientia
dialog: mea iterum atque iterum coram
dialog: Deo explorata ad cognitionem
dialog: certam perveni vires meas
dialog: ingravescente aetate non iam
dialog: aptas esse ad munus Petrinum
dialog: aeque administrandum.
text: PICK UP ON a cardinal muttering a translation to another
dialog: cardinal.
dialog: 110
speaker_heading: BISHOP:
dialog: Wait. This can’t be right.
dialog: Excuse me ...
text: He looks at the next cardinal.
speaker_heading: CARDINAL:
dialog: Excuse me did I hear
dialog: correctly? Did I translate
dialog: this right?
text: The Pope keeps talking.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: For this reason, and well
dialog: aware of the seriousness of
dialog: this act, with full freedom I
dialog: declare that I renounce the
dialog: ministry of Bishop of Rome,
dialog: Successor of Saint Peter,
dialog: entrusted to me by the
dialog: Cardinals on 19 April 2005,
dialog: in such a way, that as from
dialog: 28 February 2013, at 20:00
dialog: hours, the See of Rome, the
dialog: See of Saint Peter, will be
dialog: vacant and a Conclave to
dialog: elect the new Supreme Pontiff
dialog: will have to be convoked by
dialog: those whose competence it is.
speaker_heading: BISHOP:
dialog: Aspetti. Mi devo essere
dialog: sbagliato. Mi scusi...
speaker_heading: CARDINALE:
dialog: Mi scusi ma ho sentito bene?
dialog: Ho tradotto bene?
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: Quapropter bene conscius
dialog: ponderis huius actus plena
dialog: libertate declaro me
dialog: ministerio Episcopi Romae,
dialog: Successoris Sancti Petri,
dialog: mihi per manus Cardinalium
dialog: die decima nona Aprilis anni
dialog: bis millesimi quinti
dialog: commissum renuntiare ita ut a
dialog: die vigesima octava februarii
dialog: anni bis millesimi decimi
dialog: tertii, hora vigesima, sedes
dialog: Romae, sedes Sancti Petri
dialog: vacet et Conclave ad
dialog: eligendum novum Summum
dialog: Pontificem ab his quibus
dialog: competit convocandum esse.
text: Like an autumn breeze blowing up dead leaves, the Pope’s
text: words disturb rank upon rank of elderly clerics one by one.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CATHEDRAL KITCHEN (2013) - DAY
text: Bergoglio is in the kitchen with Lisabetta watching EWIN or
text: similar while preparing a meal. He’s laughing. Lisabetta is
text: seated, being served. This is in Spanish but the TV is in
dialog: English.
scene_heading: LISABETTA: LISABETTA:
dialog: You're requested to give a Lo invitan a dar un discurso--
dialog: speech at ... what? What are - qué pasa? De qué se rie?
dialog: you laughing at.
dialog: 111
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: He did it in Latin! He always
dialog: makes difficult announcements
dialog: in Latin so that only a few
dialog: of the cardinals will
dialog: understand ...
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO
dialog: iLo dijo en latin! Siempre
dialog: que tiene que decir algo
dialog: embromado lo dice en latin...
dialog: y asi sd6lo lo entienden unos
dialog: pocos cardenales...
text: Lisabetta still doesn’t know what’s going on. On EWTN the
text: commentator has suddenly flipped into panic mode.
speaker_heading: COMMENTATOR:
dialog: It seems that the Pope has
dialog: just made an extraordinary
dialog: announcement. We’re waiting
dialog: for a translation.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: (TO LISABETTA) He just
dialog: resigned.
speaker_heading: LISABETTA:
dialog: He what?
speaker_heading: COMENTARISTA:
dialog: It seems that the Pope has
dialog: just made an extraordinary
dialog: announcement. We’re waiting
dialog: for a translation.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: (a Lisabetta)
dialog: El Papa acaba de renunciar.
speaker_heading: LISABETTA:
dialog: éQué?i!!
speaker_heading: COMMENTATOR:
dialog: We apologise for the delay in the
dialog: translation. It’s because no one
dialog: has had to use this word in this
dialog: context for a thousand years. The
text: Pope has RENOUNCED the papacy.
dialog: We’re witnessing a papal
dialog: renunciation.
dialog: Off her astonishment we
scene_heading: EXT. VATICAN - DAY
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: The College of Cardinals arriving for the Conclave, just as
text: at the beginning of the film.
text: Lots of journalists taking photographs.
text: In the front of
text: shot, a bus pulls up and Bergoglio gets off and walks in
text: unnoticed by the press.
scene_heading: EXT. ST. PETER'S SQUARE - DAY
text: That tin pot chimney again - smokeless at the moment.
dialog: 112
scene_heading: INT. SISTINE CHAPEL - DAY
text: The CARDINALS file up to the CHALICE to cast their vote.
text: ANGLE ON: a reluctant-looking BERGOGLIO, sitting there,
text: looking very weighed down, dazed, fearful of election.
text: Beside him sits the ARCHBISHOP HUMMES, an old friend, who
text: pats BERGOGLIO on the leg. BERGOGLIO would like to smile but
dialog: can’t.
text: The first two SCRUTINEERS read the ballots silently and mark
text: them on a TALLY...and then pass the ballot to - the THIRD
text: SCRUTINEER, who calls out the name.
scene_heading: THIRD SCRUTINEER
dialog: Bergoglio!
dialog: (next ballot)
dialog: Bergoglio!
dialog: (next ballot)
dialog: Bergoglio!
dialog: (and so on...)
text: Applause breaks out - spontaneous applause from the
dialog: Cardinals! - everyone has been keeping count. Everyone knows
dialog: he’s won.
scene_heading: THIRD SCRUTINEER
dialog: Bergoglio!
dialog: (next ballot)
dialog: Bergoglio!
dialog: (and so on...)
text: ANGLE ON: BERGOGLIO, as he opens his eyes. He looks at all
text: the happy faces looking at him, applauding. Some rise to
text: their feet. One or two CHEER. He stands up.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: May God forgive you all for this.
text: Beside him, HUMMES is grinning, and applauding too. They hug.
speaker_heading: HUMMES :
dialog: No se olvide de los pobres.
scene_heading: EXT. ST PETER’S SQUARE - NIGHT
text: Come in on the tin-pot chimney. White smoke begins to spill
dialog: from it.
text: The square is filled with umbrellas, it’s a rainy night.
text: The crowd strains its eyes - raises binoculars - it’s white!
dialog: 113
scene_heading: VATICAN WATCHER:
text: SMOKE! SMOKE! It’s white!
text: We hear the hubbub, outside, of the vast CROWD. Guarding the
text: doors to the balcony are TWO SWISS GUARDS.
text: THREE sets of PAPAL ROBES, of three different sizes, and FIVE
text: sets of RED SHOES, await the new Pope.
text: Enter, the PROTODEACON (Cardinal Jean Louis Tauran)...
text: ...the GUARDS open the doors to the famous balcony, and
text: Tauran steps outside - to a huge roar (OFF) before the doors
text: are closed again. We thereafter hear his speech (OFF-
dialog: STAGE)...
speaker_heading: TAURAN:
dialog: Fratelli e sorelle carissimi
dialog: (the italians roar)
dialog: Queridisimos hermanos y hermanas.
dialog: (the hispanic contingent
dialog: roars)
dialog: Bien chers fréres et seurs.
dialog: (the French roar)
dialog: Liebe Briieder und Schwestern
dialog: (a German roar)
dialog: Dear brothers and sisters
speaker_heading: TAURAN : (CONT'D)
dialog: Annuntio vobis gaudium magnum:
text: HABEMUS...PAPAM!
text: Enter BERGOGLIO, the new POPE FRANCIS (wearing the SCARLET
text: ROBES of a CARDINAL)....with a NUN and the CAMERLENGO.... He
text: removes his SCARLET robes, stripping down to a simple WHITE
text: CASSOCK with a SILK SASH. He looks at the THREE SETS of RED
text: VELVET ROBES, with ermine collars.
text: But instead of choosing, he turns to the nun.
scene_heading: BERGOGLIO BERGOGLIO
dialog: Do you have a phone? C’e’ un telefono?
text: She looks amazed.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO (CONT'D) BERGOGLIO (CONT'D)
dialog: I'd like to call the Pope. Vorrei chiamare il Papa. Papa
dialog: Pope Benedict. Benedetto.
text: She dials for him.
dialog: 114
scene_heading: INT - MATER ECCLESIAE (2013)- NIGHT
text: Telephone rings in Mater Ecclesiae but nobody is around to
dialog: pick up.
text: Ratzinger is watching the announcement on TV.
text: His staff, two Nuns and a priest, are with him in the room.
text: None of them hears the phone. On the TV we see...
scene_heading: EXT - SAINT PETER’S SQUARE (2013) - NIGHT.
text: On the balcony ...
speaker_heading: TAURAN: TAURAN:
dialog: The Lord Jorge Mario, Eminentissimum ac
dialog: Cardinal Bergoglio, who has reverendissimum dominum,
dialog: taken the name Francis. dominum Georgium Marium,
speaker_heading: Sanctae Romanae Ecclesiae
dialog: Cardinalem Bergoglio, qui
dialog: sibi nomen imposuit
dialog: Franciscum.
scene_heading: INT. VATICAN - CHAMBER OF TEARS (2013) - NIGHT
text: A GREAT ROAR from the crowd as the Vatican Bells ring out...
text: BERGOGLIO (POPE FRANCIS) is still looking at the ROBES and
dialog: the RING.
speaker_heading: NUN
dialog: Nobody answered, Holy Father.
speaker_heading: CAMERLENGO
dialog: You must choose, Holy Father.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: I will wear what I am wearing.
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: CAMERLENGO
dialog: But -
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Please. Thank you.
speaker_heading: CAMERLENGO
dialog: And the shoes? At least the red
dialog: shoes! They are part of a tradition
dialog: going back to ...
text: He will wear what he is wearing already...simple BLACK SHOES.
dialog: 115
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: My own are fine. Thank you.
text: Then he is offered the scarlet stole.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO: (CONT'D)
dialog: No. Thank you. The carnival is
dialog: over.
text: He looks around the Room of Tears.
text: He closes his eyes. For a second he sees, in his mind’s eye,
text: Ratzinger smiling at him saying the line about Francis being
dialog: always happy.
text: He opens his eyes and shakes these thoughts off.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO: (CONT'D)
dialog: If there have to be tears, let’s
dialog: make them tears of joy.
text: He goes through to the balcony.
scene_heading: EXT. BALCONY / VATICAN (2013) - NIGHT
text: He waves to the crowds, to a huge cheer.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Buona Sera.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM NEXT TO BALCONY / VATICAN (2013) - NIGHT
text: The CAMERLENGO reacts with surprise at this break with
dialog: tradition...
speaker_heading: CAMERLENGO
dialog: (whispered, to the NUN)
dialog: Buona Sera?
scene_heading: EXT. BALCONY / VATICAN (2013) - NIGHT
scene_heading: BERGOGLIO: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Good evening. You all know Buonasera. Voi sapete che il
dialog: that the duty of the Conclave dovere del conclave era di
dialog: was to give a bishop to Rome. dare un vescovo a Roma.
dialog: It seems that my brother Sembra che i miei fratelli
dialog: Cardinals went almost to the cardinali siano andati a
dialog: ends of the Earth to find one- prenderlo quasi alla fine del
dialog: -but here we are. mondo -- ma, siamo qui...
dialog: 116
text: REACTION CROWD, EMOTIONAL, AMUSED, in thrall (in stark
text: contrast to how they reacted to BENEDICT’s LATIN address.)
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Above all, I’d like to make a
dialog: prayer now for our Bishop
dialog: Emeritus Benedict XVI. Let’s
dialog: pray together for him...Pater
dialog: nostro qui est en ciello..
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Prima di tutto, vorrei fare
dialog: una preghiera per il nostro
dialog: Vescovo Emerito Benedetto
dialog: XVI. Preghiamo tutti insieme
dialog: per lui... Padre nostro che
dialog: sei nei cieli...
scene_heading: INT. TV ROOM/ MATER ECCLESIAE/ VATICAN (2013) - NIGHT
text: Benedict watches the ceremony in his room. It’s an emotional
text: moment for him. He knows this is also a personal message for
dialog: him.
scene_heading: EXT. VATICAN BALCONY (2013) - NIGHT
text: Bergoglio is addressing the crowds in Italian.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: And now let us begin this
dialog: journey, this journey
dialog: together,
dialog: a journey of brotherhood in
dialog: love,
dialog: of mutual trust.
dialog: (pause)
text: Before the bishop blesses the
dialog: people, I ask that you would
dialog: pray to the Lord--to bless me
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: ++. E adesso incominciamo
dialog: questo cammino, questo
dialog: cammino insieme, un cammino
dialog: di fratellanza, d’amore, di
dialog: fiducia fra noi.
dialog: (pausa)
dialog: +..Prima che il vescovo
dialog: benedica il popolo, Vi
dialog: chiedo, che voi, preghiate al
dialog: Signore affinche’ benedica
dialog: me...
text: In another break with tradition, he bends to touch his head
text: on the balcony. The great crowd falls completely silent!
scene_heading: INT. FLAT IN BUENOS AIRES (2013) - DAY
text: Lisabetta is watching these events on TV. She starts to cry.
text: Her husband comes in.
speaker_heading: HUSBAND:
dialog: You OK?
speaker_heading: LISABETTA:
dialog: Yes. Of course. I just feel
dialog: so bad for him. He’1l never
dialog: have his life back. He’1l
dialog: never come home again.
speaker_heading: MARIDO:
dialog: éQué pas6? éEstads bien?
speaker_heading: LISABETTA:
dialog: Si... si... Estoy bien...
dialog: sd6lo me siento triste por
dialog: él... Acaba de perder la vida
dialog: que tenia. Nunca mds va a
dialog: volver a casa.
dialog: 117
scene_heading: EXT. - VILLA 21 (2013) - DAY
text: In a community centre in villa 21 people gather around Padre
text: Pepe watch the same images on a TV.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM NEXT TO THE BALCONY. / VATICAN (2013) - NIGHT
text: The NUN, CAMERLENGO and the protodeacon - TAURAN - all bow
dialog: deeply.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Where are all the other cardinals?
speaker_heading: NUN
dialog: It’s the custom to leave you alone,
dialog: Holiness.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: I don’t want to be alone. I want
dialog: company. How am I getting home?
speaker_heading: CAMERLENGO
dialog: You are home, Holy Father.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: I would like to spend the night in
dialog: my old room. With my brother
dialog: Cardinals.
speaker_heading: CAMERLENGO
dialog: I shall arrange the limousine.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: No, no, no, no. I will go with the
dialog: other Cardinals.
speaker_heading: CAMERLENGO
dialog: In--in the...?
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: The Mini-van. You can say it. The
dialog: Mini-van.
speaker_heading: CAMERLENGO
text: The Mini-van.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: There! It didn’t hurt you.
dialog: 118
scene_heading: INT - MINIVAN (2013) - NIGHT
text: Bergoglio dressed in white is in the mini-van with other
dialog: cardinals.
scene_heading: INT. ST. MARTA (2013) - DAY
text: Bergoglio is on the phone. He’s making the call with which
dialog: the film opened.
text: We hear the robotic voice on the other end of the line.
speaker_heading: VOICE:
dialog: Did you know that you can book any
dialog: flight on the Skytours website. Our
dialog: discount prices are internet
dialog: only...
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO: (V.O.)
dialog: Oh good evening I...oh.
text: He’s mistaken this last for a human voice but ...
speaker_heading: VOICE: (V.O.)
dialog: .--if you still wish to speak to an
dialog: operator please press one...
text: Another beep.
speaker_heading: VOICE : (V.O.)
dialog: Good evening welcome to the
dialog: Skytours sales desk...
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO: (V.O.)
dialog: Ah. Yes. I’m looking for a flight
dialog: from Rome to Lampedusa. Yes I know
dialog: I could book it on the internet.
dialog: I’ve only just moved here.
speaker_heading: VOICE:
dialog: Name?
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Bergoglio. Jorge Bergoglio.
speaker_heading: VOICE:
dialog: Like the Pope.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Well ... yes ... in fact.
speaker_heading: VOICE:
dialog: Postcode?
dialog: 119
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Vatican city.
text: There’s a long pause.
speaker_heading: VOICE:
dialog: Very funny.
text: The line goes dead.
scene_heading: INT. ST. MARTA CORRIDOR (2013) - DAY
text: Bergoglio opens his bedroom door and is amazed to find a
text: Swiss Guard standing outside.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Excuse me.
text: The guard does not speak.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO: (CONT’D)
dialog: Are you supposed to stand there all
dialog: night?
speaker_heading: SWISS GUARD 2:
dialog: Yes, Holy Father.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Do you know how to get the wifi in
dialog: here? I need to book a flight and
dialog: apparently it can only be done
dialog: online. I'd be really grateful if
dialog: you could help...
text: The Guard takes his cell phone from his pocket...
speaker_heading: SWISS GUARD 2:
dialog: Of course, Holy Father...Where to?
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Lampedusa
speaker_heading: SWISS GUARD 2:
dialog: How many seats ?
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO
dialog: Just me.
speaker_heading: SWISS GUARD 2:
dialog: Would they let you go alone, Holy
dialog: father?
dialog: 120
speaker_heading: ARCHIVE FOOTAGE
text: Bergoglio arrives in Lampedusa on a boat followed by 40
text: other boats! There’s a huge crowd waiting for him.
scene_heading: EXT. LAMPEDUSA 8TH JULY 2013 - DAY
dialog: Bergoglio - Pope Francis - preaching and teaching among the
text: refugees on the island of Lampedusa.
text: Footage of Lampedusa.
text: Bergoglio goes up the stairs inside the Vatican followed by
dialog: 14 refugees.
text: Bergoglio shows the refugees the Sistine Chapel.
text: Bergoglio has lunch with lots of refugees.
scene_heading: INT. SANTA MARTA (2014) - DAY
text: Passing through the dining room Bergoglio catches a familiar
text: smell. He spots a tray of media-lunas. He asks the server
text: who is behind the counter...
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO
dialog: Media-lunas? We have these all the
dialog: time back home. Can I take them?
speaker_heading: SERVER:
dialog: How many Holy Father?
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO
dialog: I‘1l take them all. I’1l1 take them
dialog: to Brother Benedict.
scene_heading: EXT. MATER ECCLESIAE / VATICAN (2014) - DAY
text: Establisher of the former convent in the south-west corner of
dialog: the Vatican City.
scene_heading: INT. MATER ECCLESIAE / VATICAN (2014) - DAY
speaker_heading: CAPTION: Summer, 2014
text: BENEDICT at his desk, he begins to write - he's working on a
text: new huge theological book. A knock on the door.
text: Enter POPE FRANCIS - wearing his SAN LORENZO FOOTBALL SCARF,
text: carrying the tray with media-lunas.
dialog: 121
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Sorry to disturb you. I just
dialog: thought you’d like to try these.
text: Ratzinger tries one.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Media lunas. They’re the classic
dialog: Argentinian treat. What d’you
dialog: think?
text: Ratzinger nods as he finishes it.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER
dialog: How are you, Holy Father?
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: Adjusting, Holy Father.
dialog: What are you writing?
speaker_heading: RATZINGER
text: Replying to a journalist who
dialog: believes God is nonsense, and
dialog: belief in God the source of all
dialog: evil. He has written me 30
dialog: intelligent questions. He would
dialog: like to publish my reply. Do I
dialog: have your permission?
text: POPE FRANCIS raises an eye-brow:
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO
dialog: “Silence incarnate”?
text: BENEDICT shrugs. The two men smile.
scene_heading: EXT. VATICAN GARDEN / GROTTO OF OUR LADY OF LOURDES (2014) -
speaker_heading: SUNSET
text: The two POPES walk in the gardens, swapping trade secrets. We
text: hear some of their conversation while they walk away.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: You are now under great pressure.
dialog: How are you coping?
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: I cannot relax, Holy Father, until
dialog: I know the outcome...
dialog: 122
scene_heading: INT. TV ROOM/ MATER ECCLESIAE/ VATICAN (2014) - NIGHT
text: A slice of pizza is taken from a cardboard box placed on a
text: coffee table. There’s also a couple of bottles of beer.
text: The TWO POPES sit before the TV. Bergoglio is once more
text: wearing his FOOTBALL SCARF.
dialog: Is the World Cup Final between Germany and Argentina!
text: Bergoglio and Ratzinger sing their NATIONAL ANTHEMS along
dialog: with their teams.
text: Footage of the Game... 0-0, scoreless. Missed shots on goal.
text: The GERMAN player, SWEINSTEIGER, has a head knock and his
text: face is covered in BLOOD.
text: Bergoglio seems quite pleased with the injury to the
text: dangerous Sweinsteiger. When Ratzinger looks to Bergoglio to
text: denounce the violence, Bergoglio shrugs “that’s football.”
text: Ratzinger takes an increasing interest in the game...and
text: Bergoglio starts to become a little annoyed by the unexpected
dialog: enthusiasm.
text: The game ends. 0-0.
speaker_heading: RATZINGER:
dialog: So-it is over. We both win.
speaker_heading: BERGOGLIO:
dialog: No, no, no, no, no. Now we have
dialog: extra time. I can’t bear this.
text: TENSION is now high in the room, and BOTH POPES are fully
dialog: engaged in the result...
text: In SLOW-MOTION as the ball is passed to MARIO GOTZE - who
text: takes the ball on his chest, then flips it over the KEEPER
scene_heading: into the GOAL. GERMANY 1 - ARGENTINA 0
text: While Bergoglio’s world comes crashing down - Ratzinger
text: becomes super-animated, even FIST-PUMPING in CELEBRATION,
text: much to Francis's chagrin, who tries but fails to smile.
text: In the EXCITEMENT, Bergoglio almost topples the COFFEE TABLE.
text: Ratzinger, as a precaution, extinguishes the SMALL CANDLE
text: that sits there.
text: CLOSE ON: The SMOKE from the EXTINGUISHED CANDLE, rising up,
text: up, up, heavenward, in a fine black trail.
speaker_heading: ENDS
dialog: 123
dialog: 
