dialog: 
speaker_heading: THE PATRIOT
dialog: by
dialog: Robert Rodat
dialog: October 9, 1998
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
speaker_heading: CREDITS OVER:
scene_heading: EXT. SOUTH CAROLINA COUNTRYSIDE - DAY
text: Woodlands. Beautiful. Untamed. Soaring old-growth elms
text: arch over riverside maples along the shores of the gently
text: curving, deep-water Santee River.
speaker_heading: SUPERIMPOSITION:
speaker_heading: SOUTH CAROLINA
dialog: April, 1776
text: Upstream, the swamps. Beautiful. Hundreds of BIRDS SING.
text: Shafts of sunlight pierce the canopy, cutting through the
text: hanging moss and kudzu, falling onto soft, swaying ferns
text: covering the high ground.
text: The water is clear, with fields of floating lily pads,
text: each with a stark white flower rising from it.
speaker_heading: SUPERIMPOSITION:
text: THE FOLLOWING IS BASED ON A
speaker_heading: TRUE STORY
scene_heading: EXT. POND BLUFF - DAY
text: A farm built between the banks of the river and the deep
text: green of the swamps. Good, fertile land, hacked out of
dialog: the wilderness.
text: The perfectly tended fields are ripe with barley, hops,
text: alfalfa and tobacco. Two sturdy brothers, NATHAN, 13 and
text: SAMUEL, 12, work one of the fields, rhythmically swinging
text: scythes through the barley.
text: The house, built of native brick, is well-constructed and
text: well-maintained. There's a barn, a workshop and a forge.
text: It is a home of substance rather than wealth. On the
text: front porch, MARGARET, 11, pumps a butter churn while her
text: brother, WILLIAM, 6, watches.
text: GABRIEL, 18, strong and handsome, walks out of the woods
text: with a musket in his hand and a dozen game-birds over his
text: shoulder. At his side walks THOMAS, 14, also carrying a
text: musket.
scene_heading: INT. WORKSHOP - DAY
text: A perfect colonial workshop, fastidiously arranged with
text: every conceivable tool of the period. A foot-powered
text: lathe. A drop-forge. A lifting saw. Racks of tools,
text: planes, hammers, augers, drills, blocks, all hanging in
text: their places. All very well-worn.
text: FRANCIS MARION methodically works his lathe, turning a
text: piece of hardwood, shaving off tiny curls of wood with a
text: razor-sharp chisel. He's in his late-forties, strong and
text: weathered. His hands, though big and callused, handle the
text: chisel with a surgeon's precision. Self-educated and
text: self-sufficient, he has built himself, as he built his
text: farm, brick by brick, from the coarse clay of the earth.
text: A finely-made rocking chair, missing only the dowel on
text: which Marion is working, sits on the work table. The
text: chair is a work of art, thin and light, a spider-web of
text: perfectly turned wood, no nails, no glue.
text: Sitting on the woodpile, SUSAN, 4, a silent, stone-face
text: wisp of a child, watches her father.
text: Marion takes the piece of wood out of the lathe, carefully
text: fits it into the chair, inserts a peg and taps it into
text: place. Then he steps back and appraises his handiwork.
text: He picks up the chair and hooks the top rail to a scale,
text: countering with a three-pound weight. The chair floats.
text: Marion blows softly on the weight which sinks. Susan
text: nods, so far, so good. Marion puts the chair on the floor
text: and walks slowly around it, checking every angle.
text: Then, the acid test. He takes a deep breath and lowers
text: himself onto the seat, gingerly adding an ounce at a time.
text: Not a creak. He smiles and sits back with a sigh.
text: CRACK! THE CHAIR SPLINTERS under Marion's weight, DUMPING
text: HIM on his ass on a pile of broken wood.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Damnation!
text: He picks up some of the wood, about to fling it across the
text: room but stops as Susan shoots him a disapproving look.
text: He calms himself.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Sorry.
text: Susan gets down from the woodpile and puts the remains of
text: the chair in the fireplace. As she climbs back up to her
text: perch, Marion steps over to his wood rack, extracts a
text: fresh dowel, fits it into the lathe and starts all over
dialog: again.
scene_heading: END CREDITS.
scene_heading: EXT. WORKSHOP - DUSK
text: Marion leaves the workshop with Susan at his side. Nathan
text: and Samuel walk past, exhausted from their day in the
dialog: field.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Father, I saw a post rider at the
dialog: house.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Thank you. Did you finish the upper
dialog: field?
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: We got it all cut and we bundled
dialog: half of it.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Those swimming breaks cut into the
dialog: day, don't they?
text: Marion walks on without waiting for a reply from his
text: contrite sons who jostle one another, trying to pass off
text: the blame. Gabriel and Thomas walk out of the barn.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Father, a post rider came from
dialog: Charleston. You have a letter
dialog: inside.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Thank you. How's the spotted one's
dialog: milk?
speaker_heading: THOMAS
text: Better. She's near ready to calve.
text: Marion nods and motions for Susan to go with Gabriel and
text: Thomas to the house. She does so and Marion walks on
dialog: alone toward:
scene_heading: EXT. HILLTOP - POND BLUFF - SUNSET
text: The loveliest spot on the farm. A beautiful view of the
text: house, barns, river, fields and hills beyond. A
text: gravestone stands in the shade of a single apple tree. It
dialog: reads:
scene_heading: ELIZABETH PUTNAM MARION 1738-1773
text: Above her name is a carving of the night sky, at the
text: center of which is the NORTH STAR, steady and guiding.
text: Marion approaches. He gives himself a moment to look at
text: the grave, then he starts picking apples, speaking to the
text: gravestone in a quiet voice that is more matter-of-fact
text: than sorrowful.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: ... and they bundled half... almost
dialog: no trace of the boys you knew...
text: A soft wind blows some dry leaves along the ground.
text: Marion pauses as if listening to a spoken reply.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: ... no, she still hasn't spoken...
dialog: Margaret was her age when you... I
dialog: remember the time at the river when
dialog: we couldn't find Catherine... you
dialog: couldn't stop crying... and she was
text: asleep in the wagon the entire
dialog: time...
text: Marion pauses, remembering. The CRASH OF A PLATE
text: BREAKING, followed by the SOUND OF AN ARGUMENT rises from
text: the house below. Marion shakes his head with an
text: exasperated sigh.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Your children.
text: He heads down the hill toward the house, now glowing from
text: the lights of candles and oil lamps.
scene_heading: INT. MARION'S HOUSE - EVENING
text: Pre-dinner chaos. Everyone talking at once. Marion's
text: seven children and his two family servants, ABIGAIL and
text: AARON, a middle-aged black couple, prepare dinner. Susan
text: silently watches from the stairs. Marion walks in.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: I smell turnips...
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Father, Samuel broke the blue
dialog: plate...
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: I did not...
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: Dinner...
text: Marion hands the apples to Abigail and steps over to open
text: his mail and dispatches.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: News of Boston, father?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: I hate turnips...
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: William knocked it right out of my
dialog: hands...
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Father...?
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Samuel, William, both of you clean
dialog: it up...
text: Marion hands a packet of pamphlets to Gabriel and opens a
dialog: letter.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: The Assembly has been reconvened,
dialog: I've been called to...
text: Marion's children go wild.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: Charleston!
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: We're going to Charleston!
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: When, father, when?
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: We'll leave tomorrow...
text: The children ERUPT INTO CHEERS and THUNDER into the dining
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: THE CHILDREN
dialog: Charleston! We're going to
dialog: Charleston!
text: Marion and Gabriel exchange a stone-faced look. Then
text: Marion puts on a smile and inhales deeply.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: I love turnips...
text: Marion follows his children into the dining room.
scene_heading: EXT. MARION'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Quiet. The only sounds are the soft calls of a few
text: NIGHTBIRDS and the DRONE OF CICADAS. A faint light moves
text: through the downstairs, passing windows in the otherwise
text: dark house.
scene_heading: INT. MARION'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Marion, holding a candle, does a father's bedtime check.
text: The CAMERA FOLLOWS him as he makes his rounds into:
text: THE KITCHEN. Everything is clean and put away in its
dialog: proper place.
text: THE MAIN HALLWAY. Marion checks that the doors are closed
text: and bolted. He heads up the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. BOYS' BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Marion enters, finding William asleep on the floor and
text: Nathan and Samuel in bed. He lifts William into bed,
text: takes a slingshot from Nathan's hand, tucks in Samuel and
text: walks out.
scene_heading: INT. GIRLS' BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Marion steps to the doorway, finding Margaret and Susan at
text: the window, looking up at the night sky.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: ... now count five finger lengths up
dialog: from the front two stars of the Big
dialog: Dipper, and that's the North Star,
dialog: that's her.
text: Susan gazes up at the North Star. The girls notice Marion
text: and climb into bed. He puts a chair against Susan's bed
text: and kisses her. He pulls a blanket up around Margaret,
dialog: who whispers:
speaker_heading: MARGARET
text: It helps her to know Mother's there.
text: Marion nods with a thin smile, kisses Margaret and walks
dialog: out.
scene_heading: INT. MARION'S STUDY - NIGHT
text: Squadrons of lead soldiers stand ready for battle as
text: Thomas, lying on the floor, deploys his men. Gabriel
text: reads the new pamphlets and broadsides. Marion walks in
text: and pours a drink. Gabriel hands several of the pamphlets
text: to his father.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: The New York and Rhode Island
dialog: assemblies have been dissolved...
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: The middle colonies?
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
text: Rioting both sides of the bay, in
dialog: Chestertown they burned the Customs
text: House and tar-and-feathered the
text: Customs Agent. He died of burns.
dialog: In Wilmington they killed a Royal
text: Magistrate and two Redcoats.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Anything about the convention in
dialog: Philadelphia?
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Poor Richard says they'll make a
dialog: Declaration of Independence by July.
text: Marion shakes his head and sits down, carefully extracting
text: a delicate pair of reading glasses from a wooden box. He
text: begins reading.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Scott Higgins joined the militia.
text: Marion hears but doesn't respond. Thomas looks up from
text: his lead soldiers.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
text: He's seventeen. A year younger than
dialog: I.
text: Gabriel and Thomas wait for a reaction. There is none.
text: Gabriel goes back to reading and Thomas resumes playing
text: with his toy soldiers. Marion's eyes drift from the page
dialog: to Gabriel.
scene_heading: EXT. SWAMP ROAD - DAY
text: The Marion family, in two tightly-packed carriages, drives
text: on a beautiful road, cut through the swamps. The canopy
text: of swamp maples and weeping willows forms a tunnel of
text: green, mottled by sunlight.
scene_heading: EXT. BENNINGTON OVERLOOK - DAY
text: The two carriages pass a view of their entire valley.
text: Scattered farms with a patchwork of cultivated fields
text: surrounding the town of Bennington.
scene_heading: EXT. SANTEE ROAD - DAY
text: Passing through rolling farmland, the Marions head toward
text: the coast. They pass a large contingent of South Carolina
text: Militia, drilling in a field. The children, particularly
text: Gabriel, watch avidly.
scene_heading: EXT. CHARLESTON - DAY
text: A big, bustling city. Marion and Gabriel negotiate the
text: carriages through the busy streets. The children watch,
text: wide-eyed, seeing taverns, a public gallows, drunkards,
text: street entertainers, well-dressed ladies attended by their
text: maids, food venders, a man with a trained bear.
scene_heading: EXT. CHARLOTTE'S HOUSE - CHARLESTON - DAY
text: Grand. Four stories. Marion and his children pull up.
text: CHARLOTTE MOTTE hurries out. She's in her mid-thirties,
text: beautiful, with a deep sadness that she keeps hidden as
dialog: best she can.
text: The children leap from the carriages and swarm around her,
text: embracing her, smothering her with kisses.
speaker_heading: THE CHILDREN
dialog: Aunt Charlotte! Aunt Charlotte!
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: Welcome! Welcome! Margaret,
dialog: William, look at you...!
dialog: (to Marion)
dialog: They're huge. What have you been
dialog: feeding them?
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: They're from good stock on their
dialog: mother's side.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: Thank you.
text: Charlotte hustles the children toward the door.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: Come, come, inside, wait until you
dialog: see what I have...
speaker_heading: THE CHILDREN
dialog: (simultaneous)
dialog: Presents! For me? What do you
dialog: have?
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
text: Inside, inside...
text: Charlotte sweeps past Marion who smiles and follows her
text: into the house.
scene_heading: INT. PARLOR - CHARLOTTE'S HOUSE - DAY
text: Marion watches as Charlotte finishes handing out presents.
text: Susan plays with a new doll. William has half-a-dozen new
text: spinning tops, skimming around the floor. Margaret holds
text: a new dress up to herself. Samuel, Nathan and Thomas tear
text: into packages holding platoons of lead soldiers. Gabriel
text: looks through a new book.
text: Charlotte sees Marion watching her, rises and joins him at
text: the doorway.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: You look well, Charlotte.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: As do you.
text: Suddenly Thomas and Samuel race through the doorway,
text: forcing Marion and Charlotte together, their bodies close.
text: They step back and exchange warm but uneasy smiles.
text: The moment is broken by the SOUND OF CHILDREN. Marion and
text: Charlotte gratefully turn their attention back to them.
scene_heading: EXT. CHARLESTON SQUARE - NIGHT
text: Down the block from the Motte house. A yelling crowd of
text: Sons of Liberty is massed around a Liberty Tree from which
text: hang dozens of glowing lanterns. Most of the men in the
text: crowd are drunk. Vendors sell rum, ale, food and banners
text: emblazoned with a coiled snake and the legend, "Don't
dialog: Tread On Me." Scores of on-lookers, including respectable
text: people, as well as street urchins, whores and drunkards,
dialog: watch the proceedings.
text: Several Sons of Liberty string up effigies of King George
text: III and Governor Wilmington. They light the effigies on
text: fire. As they begin to blaze, the crowd cheers.
scene_heading: EXT. CHARLOTTE'S BALCONY - NIGHT
text: Marion's children, except Gabriel, stand on the balcony
text: watching the mob. Marion steps out onto the balcony.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Inside, all of you...
text: The children turn to Marion with stricken expressions.
text: Marion relents.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Very well.
text: The children turn back to the mob. Marion joins them.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Look! There's Gabriel!
text: They see Gabriel making his way through the crowd. He
text: sees them and waves, then enters the house.
text: A moment later Charlotte steps out onto the balcony and
dialog: sees:
text: IN THE SQUARE, a pair of drunk Sons of Liberty, pull down
text: one of the smoldering effigies, cut off its head, then
text: start hacking at it's groin with a sword.
text: Appalled, Charlotte shoots a glare at Marion and snaps at
dialog: the children.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: Children, inside! All of you!
dialog: Right now.
text: The children start to protest, but a glance at Charlotte's
text: resolute expression makes them think better of it. They
text: file into the house. Charlotte shoots a glare at Marion
text: and shoos the children inside. Gabriel steps out and
text: joins them.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: What news?
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
text: The British army is barricaded in
dialog: Boston. Harry Lee, is here from
dialog: Virginia, recruiting for a
dialog: Continental Army.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Is that why the Assembly was
dialog: convened?
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Yes. He seeks a levy of troops and
dialog: money.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: And the Governor?
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: He vowed that if the Assembly votes
dialog: a single shilling to Lee, he'll
dialog: dissolve the body.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Which would force our delegates in
dialog: Philadelphia to vote for
dialog: independence.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: And send us to war alongside
dialog: Massachusetts.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Our governor is a bigger fool than I
dialog: thought.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Lee is counting on your vote and
dialog: expects you to be the first to
dialog: enlist.
text: Marion nods thoughtfully without revealing what he thinks
text: of Lee's expectations. Marion turns back to watch the
dialog: mob.
scene_heading: EXT. ASSEMBLY HALL - CHARLESTON - DAY
text: The capital building of South Carolina. A large crowd of
text: lower-class men and women is massed in front of the
text: Assembly Hall. As well-dressed Assemblymen walk into the
text: building, the CROWD YELLS words of encouragement to some
text: and berates others.
text: In the square in front of the Assembly Hall a squadron of
text: blue-uniformed AMERICAN CONTINENTAL SOLDIERS drills. A
text: recruiting table is being set up by a Continental Captain
text: and several military clerks.
text: Marion and Gabriel walk across the square toward the
text: Assembly Hall. As they push their way through the crowd,
text: Gabriel eyes the Continentals.
scene_heading: INT. ASSEMBLY HALL - DAY
text: Two dozen ANGRY, YELLING, MEN OF PROPERTY. Among them are
text: ROBINSON, HAMILL and JOHNSON, who are Patriots. Opposed
text: to them are SIMMS, WITHINGTON and BALDRIDGE who are
text: Loyalists (loyal the the King). As Marion makes his way
text: to his seat, the SPEAKER OF THE ASSEMBLY POUNDS HIS GAVEL.
speaker_heading: SPEAKER
scene_heading: ORDER! ORDER!
text: Slowly, the room quiets down.
speaker_heading: SPEAKER
dialog: Our first order of business...
speaker_heading: SIMMS
dialog: And out last if we vote a levy...
text: The ROOM ERUPTS.
speaker_heading: SPEAKER
dialog: ORDER! ORDER! Mr. Simms, you do
dialog: not have the floor.
text: The ROOM SETTLES DOWN.
speaker_heading: SPEAKER
dialog: Our first order of business is an
dialog: address by Colonel Harry Lee of the
dialog: Continental Army.
text: An imposing figure rises and makes his way to the front of
text: the assembly. He's COLONEL HARRY LEE, about Marion's age
text: and cut from the same cloth -- strong, weathered, with a
text: powerful bearing. The room quiets down.
text: Lee sees Marion and offers a familiar nod, which Marion
text: returns, stone-faced. Then Lee speaks, simply and
dialog: clearly.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: You all know why I am here. I am
dialog: not an orator and I will not try to
dialog: convince you of the worthiness of
dialog: our cause. I am a soldier and we
dialog: are at war and with the declaration
dialog: of independence we all expect from
dialog: Philadelphia, it will soon be a
dialog: formal state of war. In preparation
dialog: for that, eight of the thirteen
dialog: colonies have levied money in
dialog: support of a Continental Army. I
dialog: ask South Carolina to be the ninth.
speaker_heading: SIMMS
dialog: Colonel Lee, Massachusetts may be at
dialog: war, along with New Hampshire and
dialog: Rhode Island and Virginia, but South
text: Carolina is not at war.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Massachusetts and New Hampshire are
dialog: not as far from South Carolina as
dialog: you might think and the war they're
dialog: fighting is not for independence of
dialog: one or two colonies. It's for the
dialog: independence of a nation.
speaker_heading: WITHINGTON
dialog: And what nation is that?
text: Robinson, one of the Patriots, stands up.
speaker_heading: ROBINSON
dialog: An American nation. Colonel Lee,
dialog: with your permission?
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Please.
speaker_heading: ROBINSON
dialog: Those of us who call ourselves
dialog: Patriots are not seeking to give
dialog: birth to an American nation, but to
dialog: protect one that already exists. It
dialog: was born a hundred-and-seventy years
dialog: ago at Jamestown, Virginia and has
text: grown stronger and more mature with
dialog: every generation reared and with
dialog: every crop sown and harvested. We
dialog: are a nation and our rights as
dialog: citizens of that nation are
text: threatened by a tyrant three
text: thousand miles away.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Thank you. Were I an orator, those
dialog: are the exact words I would have
dialog: spoken.
text: Laughter. Marion rises.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Mister Robinson, tell me, why should
dialog: I trade one tyrant, three thousand
dialog: miles away, for three thousand
dialog: tyrants, one mile away?
text: Laughter from the Loyalists. Surprise from Lee and the
text: Patriots. In the gallery, Gabriel winces.
speaker_heading: ROBINSON
dialog: Sir?
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: An elected legislature can trample a
dialog: man's rights just as easily as a
dialog: King can.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Captain Marion, I understood you to
dialog: be a Patriot.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: It's Mister Marion.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: I understood him to be a Patriot as
dialog: well.
text: More laughter.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: If you mean by a Patriot, am I angry
dialog: at the Townsend Acts and the Stamp
dialog: Act? Then I'm a Patriot. And what
dialog: of the Navigation Act? Should I be
dialog: permitted to sell my tobacco to the
dialog: French traders on Martinique? Yes,
dialog: and it's an intrusion into my
dialog: affairs that I can't... legally.
text: Laughter.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: And what of the greedy, self-serving
dialog: bastards who sit as Magistrates on
dialog: the Admiralty Court and have fined
dialog: nearly every man in this room.
dialog: Should they be boxed about the ears
text: and thrown onto the first ship back
dialog: to England? I'll do it myself.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And do I believe that the American
dialog: colonies should stand as a separate,
dialog: independent nation, free from the
dialog: reins of King and Parliament? I do,
dialog: and if that makes a Patriot, then
dialog: I'm a Patriot.
text: Marion grows more serious.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: But if you're asking whether I'm
dialog: willing to go to war with England,
dialog: the answer is, no. I've been to war
dialog: and I have no desire to do so again.
text: The room is quiet, the Assemblymen having been thrown off-
text: balance. Gabriel is stunned and disappointed by his
dialog: father's speech.
speaker_heading: ROBINSON
dialog: This from the same Captain Francis
dialog: Marion whose anger was so famous
dialog: during the Wilderness Campaign.
text: Marion glares at Robinson, then smiles.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: I was intemperate in my youth. My
dialog: departed wife, God bless her soul,
dialog: dampened that intemperance with the
dialog: mantle of responsibility.
text: Robinson looks derisively at Marion.
speaker_heading: ROBINSON
dialog: Temperance can be a convenient
dialog: disguise for fear.
text: Marion bristles but before he can answer, Lee steps in.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Mister Robinson, I fought with
dialog: Captain Marion in the French and
dialog: Indian War, including the Wilderness
dialog: Campaign. We served as scouts under
dialog: Washington and I have no doubts
dialog: about Captain Marion's courage or
text: competence on a battlefield.
dialog: There's not a man in this room, or
dialog: anywhere, for that matter, to whom I
dialog: would more willingly trust my life.
speaker_heading: ROBINSON
dialog: I stand corrected.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Nonetheless, I would like to know,
dialog: Mister Marion, how... how... how...
text: Lee's oratorical skills peter out.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Damn it, Francis! How in God's name
dialog: do you expect to gain independence
dialog: without going to war?
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Harry, Harry, Harry...
text: Marion and Lee drop all formality and become nothing more
text: than two old friends, pissed off.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: My hairy arse! You live in a cave
dialog: if you think we'll get independence
dialog: without war...
text: The Speaker POUNDS HIS GAVEL.
speaker_heading: SPEAKER
dialog: Gentlemen! Please! This is not a
dialog: tavern!
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Wasn't it a Union Jack we fought
dialog: under?
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: A long time ago...
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Thirteen years...
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: That's a damn long time...
text: The Speaker POUNDS HIS GAVEL again.
speaker_heading: SPEAKER
dialog: Gentlemen! Please!
text: Marion and Lee ignore the speaker.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: You were an Englishman then...
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: I was an American, I just didn't
dialog: know it yet...
text: The astonished Assemblymen and now even the Speaker watch
text: the argument avidly, turning their heads in simultaneous
dialog: anticipation of each rejoinder.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: We don't have to go to war to gain
dialog: independence...
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Balderdash!
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: There are a thousand avenues, other
dialog: than war, at our disposal...
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Name five hundred.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Royal petition, delegates to court,
dialog: judicial redress, economic boycott,
dialog: bribery...
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: That's five, keep going...
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: ... time, royal succession,
dialog: regicide, bribery...
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: You said bribery twice...
text: Marion speaks slowly and firmly.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: We do not have to go to war to gain
dialog: independence.
text: Lee says nothing for a moment, then he speaks more
text: seriously, quietly, grimly.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Francis, I was at Bunker Hill. It
dialog: was as bad as anything you and I saw
dialog: on the frontier. Worse than the
dialog: slaughter at the Ashuelot River.
dialog: The British advanced three times and
dialog: we killed over seven hundred of them
text: at point blank range. And still,
dialog: they advanced and they took the
dialog: ground. That is the measure of
dialog: their resolve. If your principles
dialog: dictate independence, then war is
dialog: the only way. It has come to that.
text: Marion is silent for a long moment. He softens, finds
text: himself unsteady and speaks far more honestly than he ever
dialog: wanted to.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: I have seven children. My wife is
dialog: dead. Who's to care for them if I
dialog: go to war?
text: Lee is stunned by Marion's honesty and his show of
text: weakness. At first Lee has no answer, then:
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Wars are not fought only by
text: childless men. A man must weigh his
dialog: personal responsibilities against
dialog: his principles.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: That's what I'm doing. I will not
dialog: fight and because I won't, I will
dialog: not cast a vote that will send
dialog: others to fight in my stead.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: And your principles?
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: I'm a parent, I don't have the
dialog: luxury of principles.
text: The other Assemblymen, both Patriots and Loyalists, stare
text: at him, appalled. Marion, feeling weak, sits down. Lee
text: looks at his friend with more sympathy than
text: disappointment. Then Lee turns to Robinson who addresses
dialog: the chair.
speaker_heading: ROBINSON
dialog: Mister Speaker, I call for a vote on
dialog: a levy to the Continental Army.
speaker_heading: HAMILL
dialog: Second.
speaker_heading: SPEAKER
dialog: So moved.
text: The vote is taken on a roll call. Gabriel watches from
dialog: the gallery.
speaker_heading: SPEAKER
dialog: Mr. Robinson.
speaker_heading: ROBINSON
dialog: Yea.
speaker_heading: SPEAKER
dialog: Mr. Hamill.
speaker_heading: HAMILL
dialog: Yea.
speaker_heading: SPEAKER
dialog: Mr. Johnson.
speaker_heading: JOHNSON
dialog: Yea.
speaker_heading: SPEAKER
dialog: Mr. Simms.
speaker_heading: SIMMS
dialog: Nay.
speaker_heading: SPEAKER
dialog: Mr. Marion.
dialog: No response.
speaker_heading: SPEAKER
dialog: Mr. Marion.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Nay.
text: In the gallery Gabriel turns and walks out. The roll call
text: continues. Marion sits, eyes straight ahead.
scene_heading: EXT. ASSEMBLY HALL - DAY
text: The crowd waits. The doors open and a PAGE BOY dashes out
text: and runs to the Continental Captain at the recruiting
dialog: table.
speaker_heading: PAGE BOY
dialog: Twenty-eight to twelve, the levy
dialog: passed!
text: The Continental Captain motions to an assembled squadron.
text: They raise their muskets and FIRE A VOLLEY into the air.
text: Other soldiers, STRIKE UP A MARTIAL AIR ON FIFES AND
text: DRUMS. Volunteers crowd around the recruiting table,
text: YELLING and jostling for position.
text: The delegates walk out. Both Patriots and Loyalists give
text: Marion a wide berth.
text: Marion sees Gabriel, standing near the crowd at the
text: recruiting table. Marion walks up to him.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Father, I've lost respect for you.
dialog: I thought you were a man of
dialog: principle.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: When you have children, I hope
dialog: you'll understand.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: When I have children, I hope I don't
text: hide behind them.
text: Marion looks closely at Gabriel.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Do you intend to enlist without my
dialog: permission?
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Yes.
text: They lock eyes for a moment, then Gabriel turns from his
text: father and walks away, joining the crush around the
dialog: recruiting table.
text: Marion stands alone in the middle of the chaos. The FIFES
text: AND DRUMS continue to play. Marion doesn't hear them.
text: Harry Lee walks out of the Assembly hall with a triumphant
text: group of Patriots who look at Marion coldly.
text: Lee excuses himself, and steps over next to Marion. Lee
text: sees that Marion is watching Gabriel at the enlistment
dialog: table.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: One of yours?
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Gabriel.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: I recognize him now. Is he as
dialog: imprudent as his father was at his
dialog: age?
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: No, thank the Lord. He's more like
dialog: his mother.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: I'll see to it that he serves under
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Thank you.
text: They shake hands. Then Lee walks over to the soldiers.
text: Marion takes a last look at Gabriel, then heads off
text: through the crowded square, moving against the tide of men
text: headed toward the recruiting table.
scene_heading: EXT. POND BLUFF - DAY
text: Springtime. The apple tree at the top of the hill is
text: covered with blossoms.
speaker_heading: SUPERIMPOSITION:
scene_heading: "TWO YEARS LATER"
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD - POND BLUFF - DAY
text: Marion plows a field. Nathan leads the plowhorse. Samuel
text: follows, breaking up the clods of dirt. Hard work. They
text: stop to catch their breath. A SOFT WIND blows.
text: Marion turns his head as if listening for a faint voice.
text: He hears nothing. He snaps the reins and continues
text: plowing.
scene_heading: INT. MARION'S ATTIC - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Dark. Thomas steps up into the attic. He finds a trunk
text: and opens it. Lifting out some blankets, he uncovers a
text: trove of Marion's old military gear -- a worn battle coat,
text: a box of medals, a military sword, rusted into its
text: scabbard.
text: Thomas puts on the coat, which hangs off his narrow
text: shoulders. He stands in front of a dusty mirror,
text: appraising himself, then stops as he hears FOOTSTEPS
text: coming up the stairs.
text: It's Marion, tired and dirty from his plowing. Thomas
text: grimaces, expecting him to be angry, but sees him shake
text: his head gently.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Not yet, Thomas.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: When?
text: Marion looks closely at his son, giving him the courtesy
text: of really thinking about the answer.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Seventeen.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: But it's already been two years and
dialog: that's two more years. The war
dialog: could be over by then.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: God willing.
text: Thomas considers it, then nods.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Alright. Seventeen.
text: Marion offers his hand. They shake firmly, like adults.
text: Marion takes the coat off Thomas and puts it back in the
text: trunk. They walk down the stairs together.
scene_heading: INT. POND BLUFF - DAWN
text: All is quiet. A dawn mist hovers close over the ground.
text: Some sparrows feed at the base of the apple tree near the
text: gravesite. DISTANT THUNDER. Low and rolling. The birds
text: stop feeding, uneasy, then fly away.
scene_heading: INT. MARION'S BEDROOM - DAWN
text: At another roll of the DISTANT THUNDER Marion awakes. He
text: gets out of bed and pulls on his clothes.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT PORCH - MARION'S HOUSE - DAWN
text: Marion steps out to his front porch and listens. He knows
text: the sound, the DISTANT STACCATO BOOMS OF CANNON and the
text: PATTERING WAVE OF THOUSANDS OF MUSKETS FIRING.
text: One by one the children join him. Thomas, Nathan and
text: Samuel listen analytically. Margaret and Susan press
text: close against their father. William looks curiously at
text: the cloudless sky.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Is it going to rain?
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: That's not thunder.
text: The SOUND BECOMES DEEPER, MORE OMINOUS. They all notice
dialog: the change.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Father?
speaker_heading: MARION
text: Six-pounders. Lots of them.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: How far away?
speaker_heading: MARION
text: Four, five miles.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: Waxhaus?
speaker_heading: MARION
text: Just east of it.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: Are we safe here?
text: Marion puts on a smile.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Don't worry.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: We could go stay at Aunt Charlotte's
dialog: farm. She's to the west.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: No, there'll be skirmishers on the
dialog: roads. We're safer here.
text: Thomas appears at the doorway with a pair of muskets. He
text: gives one to Nathan and offers the other to his father.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Put those away.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: But father, they might come this
dialog: way.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Put them away.
text: Reluctantly, Thomas takes the muskets back into the house.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Enough. I'll be in the workshop.
text: Samuel, the cows. Thomas, attend to
dialog: your studies here on the porch.
dialog: Nathan, on the back porch. If you
dialog: see anyone, come get me. Margaret,
dialog: please keep William close to you.
text: No one is to go past the yard wall.
text: They all nod. Marion walks off toward the workshop,
text: followed by Susan. The others hesitate.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Children.
text: They head off to do as they were told.
scene_heading: INT. WORKSHOP - DAY
text: Marion works the lathe. Susan watches from her perch on
text: the woodpile.
scene_heading: EXT. BARN - DAY
text: The SOUND OF A CRASH from inside the barn. An angry cow
text: runs out of the barn, dragging a tenacious Samuel who is
text: holding onto the cow's neck.
text: Samuel's grip fails and he lands in the dirt. The cow
text: runs about thirty yards down the hill, stopping on the
text: bank of the river. Samuel grabs a rope and heads down the
dialog: hill to get the cow.
text: ON THE RIVERBANK
text: As Samuel approaches the cow, he see it skittishly
text: approaching then retreating from the water. Then he sees
text: the cause -- the water in the river has a pale, pink hue.
text: Samuel stares at it, trying to figure out what it is.
text: Behind him, Margaret sees her brother beyond the yard
dialog: wall.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: Samuel...
text: He doesn't respond. Margaret, trailed by William, walks
text: down toward Samuel.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: Samuel, get up to the house. You
dialog: heard father...
text: Then she sees it, too. The pale pink is turning redder
text: and redder. And then the BODIES. First one, then more,
text: many more. Torn apart. Missing limbs. Those with wide-
text: open wounds, are already drained of blood. Others are
text: still seeping, leaving trails of deep red in the paler red
text: of the surrounding water.
text: Samuel, Margaret and William stand frozen, appalled and
dialog: fascinated.
text: MARION steps out of the workshop and sees the children at
text: the river. He can't see what they're looking at.
text: Irritated, he walks toward them. Then, as he nears the
text: river, he sees the color of the water and the bodies that
text: have hypnotized his children. He quickens his stride,
text: speaking calmly but firmly, careful not to frighten them.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Up to the house, now. All of you,
dialog: come on. Now.
scene_heading: EXT. MARION'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Quiet. Dark. Marion stands on the front porch, looking
text: out into the night, listening, hearing nothing. He
text: glances up at the star-filled sky, tracking his eyes from
text: the Big Dipper to the NORTH STAR.
text: BEHIND THE HOUSE, A FIGURE IN THE DARKNESS, carrying a
text: musket, moves from shadow to shadow.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Margaret and Samuel and William talk, their voices low.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: They're going to come.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: Quiet.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: We're going to have to fight them
dialog: off.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Father will do that.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: They'll probably kill us men and do
dialog: Lord knows what to you women.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: Samuel!
text: A SOUND. They all stop. Something moved behind the
text: kitchen. Margaret silently eases the others out of the
text: room, through the darkened hall toward their father.
text: SUDDENLY IN FRONT OF THEM, A BLOODY FIGURE
text: Big. Hulking. In uniform. Margaret SCREAMS. William
text: and Samuel CRY OUT. The figure moves toward them...
text: Marion, on the porch, hears the scream, races into the
text: house. He sees the figure, moves toward it...
text: THE FIGURE MOVES INTO THE LIGHT... Marion sees the
dialog: bloodied face...
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Gabriel!
text: Gabriel is wounded, battered and dirty. He carries a
text: musket and a dispatch case. He sways. Marion catches him
text: and eases him to a seat.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: You're hurt.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: The battle, were you there?
speaker_heading: MARION
text: Margaret, get bandages and water.
text: Thomas, the porch, eyes open.
text: Marion checks Gabriel's wounds which are nasty but not
text: life-threatening.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Have you seen any Redcoats?
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Not yet. What happened?
text: Margaret brings water and linen to Marion who expertly
text: cleans Gabriel's wounds and applies field-dressings.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: It wasn't like Saratoga. There, we
dialog: stayed in the trees, but this time
dialog: Gates marched us straight at the
text: Redcoats. They fired two volleys
dialog: into us and we broke like straw. I
dialog: was given these dispatches... I saw
dialog: Virginia Regulars surrender... as
text: they laid down their weapons the
dialog: British Green Dragoons rode into
dialog: them and hacked them to bits...
dialog: killed them all, over two hundred
dialog: men.
text: Marion's appalled.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: They had surrendered?
text: Gabriel nods. Marion's stunned. Gabriel tries to rise.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: I have to get these dispatches to
dialog: Hillsboro.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: You're in no condition to ride.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: I have no choice, I...
text: Gabriel passes out. Marion catches him and carries him to
text: a day-bed in the parlor. As Marion lays him down, they
text: hear HEAVY MUSKET FIRE, VERY CLOSE.
text: Marion hurries to the door and looks out into the night,
text: the children cluster around him, seeing a strange sight.
text: A SKIRMISH IN THE FIELD BELOW THE HOUSE
text: Pitch black. Then a MUSKET FIRES, creating a FLASH OF
text: LIGHT that illuminates a tableau of soldiers, about three
text: dozen Redcoats and as many Patriots.
text: The strobe of the musket shot provides targets for an
text: ensuing VOLLEY OF SHOTS in every direction. Then
text: darkness, punctuated by SCREAMS OF PAIN, CONFUSED
text: HOLLERING and the RUSTLING OF ARMED MEN IN MOVEMENT.
text: Then the pattern repeats itself: A MUSKET FIRES,
text: illuminating a tableau of targets for another MURDEROUS
text: VOLLEY OF SHOTS.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Margaret, take William and Susan
dialog: down to the root cellar. Thomas, go
text: to the back porch. Nathan and
dialog: Samuel, the side windows. Keep out
dialog: of sight.
text: They hurry off. Marion steps into the house and opens his
text: gun cabinet. He extracts two pistols and a pair of
text: muskets. Then he steps back to the front door. He waits
text: and watches.
scene_heading: EXT. LOWER FIELD - POND BLUFF - DAWN
text: First light. The morning mist lies low over the field.
text: Marion warily approaches the scene of the battle. He
text: carries a Pennsylvania rifle, has another slung over his
text: shoulder, and has a pair of pistols in his belt.
text: As Marion nears the field he sees, appearing out of the
text: low mist, a nightmarish vision. Young Redcoats and
text: Continentals are scattered on the ground, dead and
text: wounded. Many have been hideously torn apart by the
text: massive musket balls. Blood is everywhere. Marion
text: hurries back toward the house.
scene_heading: EXT. LOWER FIELD - POND BLUFF - MORNING
text: Marion loads the wounded men onto a wagon, helped by
text: Thomas, Nathan and Samuel.
scene_heading: EXT. MARION'S HOUSE - POND BLUFF - DAY
text: The porch and yard have been turned into a field hospital.
text: There are about two dozen wounded, a few more Patriots
text: than Redcoats. Thomas, Nathan, Samuel and Margaret help
text: Marion tend the soldiers. William and Susan watch from
dialog: inside.
text: Marion treats an arm wound, retying a tourniquet,
text: stanching an ugly flow of blood.
text: Marion moves to the next of the wounded. Thomas starts to
text: help but Marion shakes his head.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: He's dead...
text: Marion moves on to another.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Thomas, help me turn him over...
text: They turn over a young Continental and see a horrible
text: wound on his back. Thomas, swoons.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Thomas!
text: A hard glare from Marion strengthens his son. Together
text: they bandage the wounded man.
scene_heading: EXT. MARION'S HOUSE - AFTERNOON
text: Triage completed. Margaret and Samuel give water and
text: food. Marion kneels next to a CONTINENTAL SERGEANT and a
text: COUPLE OF PRIVATES who are less severely wounded than the
dialog: others.
scene_heading: CONTINENTAL SERGEANT
dialog: Thank you.
text: Marion nods, uncomfortable with the thanks.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Sergeant, there are seventeen
text: wounded men here. Seven Redcoats
dialog: and ten Patriots, counting my son
dialog: inside. That puts me in a difficult
dialog: position.
dialog: The Continental Sergeant knows what's coming. The
text: Privates and Marion's children don't.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: You three are the least severely
dialog: wounded. I have to ask you to leave
dialog: and find care elsewhere.
text: The Privates are stunned at the request. The Sergeant
text: looks at Marion's children and nods.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: I understand.
text: He struggles to his feet and jerks his head for the two
dialog: Privates to do the same.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: Come on, boys.
text: Nathan, Samuel and Margaret are confused.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Father?
speaker_heading: NATHAN
text: But they're wounded.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: There are rules, even in war.
text: Marion motions to a large, old scar on his arm.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: After the Battle of Ashuelot River,
dialog: against the French, I got this and
dialog: the one on my leg. I couldn't walk.
dialog: Washington had to march north. He
dialog: left me with other wounded men and a
dialog: like number of French prisoners.
dialog: Nine for nine. When the French
dialog: found us, their surgeon gave me the
dialog: best of care. We'll be safe this
dialog: way.
text: Marion's children are not convinced. The Sergeant and the
text: two Privates gather themselves to leave.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Your best chance is in Bennington,
text: seven miles east, along the river
dialog: road.
text: The wounded men nod grimly and start off down the road.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Thank you.
text: Marion and his children watch them go.
scene_heading: EXT. POND BLUFF ROAD - DAY
text: A dirt road runs along the edge of the Santee Swamps,
text: stretching toward green, rolling hills beyond. Beautiful
text: country. Peaceful. Then, the GROUND BEGINS TO SHAKE. A
text: THUNDEROUS SOUND rises, louder and louder. HORSES HOOVES.
text: From around a bend, a detachment of cavalry gallops:
text: British GREEN DRAGOONS. The finest light calvary in the
dialog: world. Hard, strong men. Excellent horsemen. Their
text: mounts are powerful, muscled and perfectly cared for. The
text: Dragoons themselves are all hardened veterans, marked with
text: the blood and dirt of a recent battle. Tired and
dialog: vigorous.
text: They're armed to the teeth. Each carries a flintlock
text: carbine, a brace of pistols and a sword. Some carry
text: lances as well. Regimental flags flutter. They are forty
text: of the most imposing, frightening horsemen imaginable.
text: And at their head, the most imposing man of all, LT.
scene_heading: COLONEL BANASTRE TARLETON. "The Butcher." Aristocratic.
text: Strong. Dark. A powerful horseman on the best mount of
dialog: the entire troop. Decorated. Imperious. No temper, just
text: hard, cold authority. His men struggle to keep up with
dialog: him.
text: Behind them, two dozen LOYALIST MILITIA CALVARY (American
text: civilians loyal to the crown). Nasty, local men.
text: Civilian clothes. Riding at their head is AMOS GASKINS,
text: grizzled, lower-class, wearing ill-fitting patrician's
dialog: clothing.
speaker_heading: AROUND A BEND
text: The three wounded Patriots who just left Marion's farm
text: hear the horses coming, stand on the side of the road,
text: raise their arms and a white cloth of surrender.
text: The Green Dragoons rein in. Tarleton stops in front of
text: the three men. He motions for one of his men to lower his
text: weapon. Then he speaks calmly, quietly, to the wounded
dialog: men.
speaker_heading: TARLETON
dialog: You're surrendering.
scene_heading: CONTINENTAL SERGEANT
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: TARLETON
dialog: What unit?
scene_heading: CONTINENTAL SERGEANT
dialog: First Virginia Regulars under
dialog: Colonel Hamilton.
speaker_heading: TARLETON
dialog: Who cared for your wounds?
text: They hesitate.
scene_heading: CONTINENTAL SERGEANT
dialog: We did.
speaker_heading: TARLETON
dialog: With a lace table cloth?
text: Tarleton turns to his second-in-command, MAJOR WILKINS.
speaker_heading: TARLETON
dialog: Kill them.
text: Tarleton rides off. Wilkins and several other Dragoons
text: calmly FIRE THEIR PISTOLS, killing the three Patriots.
text: The troops ride off, thundering past the bodies of the
text: three men.
scene_heading: EXT. POND BLUFF - DAY
text: Marion and his children tend the wounded. Gabriel, weak
text: but walking, helps. REDCOAT INFANTRY appears out of the
text: woods, heading toward the house. Three dozen men. Scouts
text: and flank units covering the main body. Marion gathers
text: his family around him, stands and waits.
text: The Redcoats get to the house, warily eye the wounded and
text: Marion's family. A young REDCOAT LIEUTENANT motions his
text: men to check out the house and barn, then looks at the
text: wounded, doing a silent count. He turns to Marion.
scene_heading: REDCOAT LIEUTENANT
dialog: These men are of my regiment. Thank
dialog: you.
text: Marion nods. ONE OF THE REDCOATS emerges from the house
text: carrying Gabriel's dispatch case.
speaker_heading: REDCOAT
dialog: Rebel dispatches, sir.
text: Gabriel steps up.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: I carried those. I was wounded,
dialog: these people gave me care, they have
dialog: nothing to do with the dispatches.
scene_heading: REDCOAT LIEUTENANT
dialog: I understand.
text: The SOUND OF HORSES HOOVES. All turn and see:
scene_heading: TARLETON AND THE GREEN DRAGOONS
text: Thundering down the road toward the house. It's an
text: impressive, frightening sight.
text: They rein in their horses, stopping in the yard, enveloped
text: by their trailing cloud of dust.
text: Tarleton surveys the scene, then speaks to the young
dialog: Redcoat Lieutenant.
speaker_heading: TARLETON
dialog: Lieutenant, have a detachment take
dialog: our wounded to our surgeons at
dialog: Camden crossing. Use whatever
dialog: horses and wagons you can find here.
scene_heading: REDCOAT LIEUTENANT
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: He hands the dispatch case to Tarleton.
scene_heading: REDCOAT LIEUTENANT
dialog: We found this, sir.
text: Tarleton opens it and quickly scans the contents.
speaker_heading: TARLETON
dialog: Who carried this?
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: I did.
speaker_heading: TARLETON
dialog: (to Lt. re: Gabriel)
dialog: Take this one to Camden, he's a spy.
dialog: He will be hung.
text: Marion quickly steps between Tarleton and Gabriel.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Colonel, he's a dispatch rider and
dialog: that's a marked dispatch case.
text: Tarleton ignores Marion and continues speaking to the
dialog: Lieutenant.
speaker_heading: TARLETON
dialog: Fire the house and barns.
scene_heading: REDCOAT LIEUTENANT
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Colonel...
scene_heading: REDCOAT LIEUTENANT
dialog: And the Rebel wounded?
speaker_heading: TARLETON
dialog: Kill them.
text: The Redcoat Lieutenant and several of his men are shocked
text: by the order. Marion is, also, but he's more concerned
text: with Gabriel. He pushes past some Redcoats and stands at
text: Tarleton's mount, looking up.
speaker_heading: MARION
text: A dispatch rider with a marked case
dialog: cannot be held for spying.
text: Tarleton finally pays attention to Marion. He looks down
text: at his anguished face and offers the barest of smiles.
speaker_heading: TARLETON
dialog: We're not going to hold him, we're
text: going to hang him.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: But...
text: Tarleton draws his pistol and points it at Marion.
text: Gabriel tries to intercede but is held back by a burly
dialog: Redcoat Corporal.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Father...
speaker_heading: TARLETON
dialog: Oh, he's your son. You should have
dialog: taught him about loyalty.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Colonel, I beg you, please
text: reconsider. By the rules of war, a
text: dispatch rider with a marked case...
text: Tarleton controls his shifting mount, keeping his pistol
text: trained on Marion's face.
speaker_heading: TARLETON
dialog: Would you like a lesson in the rules
dialog: of war?
text: Marion doesn't answer. He looks up at Tarleton coldly,
text: taking his measure, waiting to see if he's going to pull
dialog: the trigger.
text: Tarleton walks his horse a couple of steps and shifts his
text: aim, pointing the pistol among Marion's children.
speaker_heading: TARLETON
dialog: Perhaps your children would.
text: The children are terrified. Thomas is more angry than
text: frightened. Marion quickly steps between the pistol and
text: his children and speaks quietly to Tarleton.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: No lesson is necessary.
text: Tarleton sees the terrified expressions on the faces of
text: Marion's children. He smiles at the effect. Then he
text: holsters his pistol.
text: Marion and his children watch as one of the Redcoats ties
text: Gabriel's hands. Thomas is beside himself.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Father, do something.
text: Thomas grows increasingly agitated. He sees that his
text: father is going to do nothing. He gauges the distance
text: between Gabriel and the cover of the nearby woods.
text: Then suddenly, Thomas SPRINGS. He RUNS, THROWING HIMSELF,
text: into the two Redcoats holding Gabriel, KNOCKING THEM DOWN.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Gabriel! Run!
text: Gabriel is too shocked to take flight. A few of the
text: Redcoats, including one of the ones knocked down, shake
text: their heads with sad laughter at Thomas' ineffectual
text: gesture. One of them grabs Thomas by the scruff of the
text: neck and yanks him to his feet.
text: TARLETON sees the commotion. Without pausing he DRAWS HIS
text: PISTOL AND FIRES, HITTING THOMAS IN THE BACK.
text: THOMAS is thrown to his knees by the shot. Stunned,
text: confused, he looks down and sees the massive exit wound in
text: his chest.
text: MARION, horrified, catches Thomas as he falls, easing him
text: to the ground.
text: MARGARET CRIES OUT. THE OTHER CHILDREN are stunned to
dialog: silence.
text: The REDCOATS are frozen in place. Tarleton's GREEN
text: DRAGOONS are impassive, having seen worse.
text: MARION holds his son, looking at the huge,
text: incomprehensible wound. He knows that Thomas is already
text: dead, though his body still moves.
text: MARION'S stunned agony turns to fury. He rises, his eyes
text: trained on Tarleton, then stops as...
text: TARLETON raises a second loaded pistol and a DOZEN GREEN
text: DRAGOONS raise pistols and carbines, aiming them at Marion
dialog: and his children.
text: MARION FREEZES, torn between his fury and fear for his
text: other children. He locks his eyes on Tarleton.
text: TARLETON calmly baths in Marion's anger. Then, with a
text: hard yank of the reins, he jerks his horse's head around
text: and utters a sharp command to Wilkins.
speaker_heading: TARLETON
dialog: Major.
text: Tarleton spurs his horse and rides off without looking
text: back. His GREEN DRAGOONS THUNDER after him.
text: MARION'S CHILDREN begin to cry. Margaret tries to revive
text: Thomas' lifeless body, gently caressing his cheek.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: Thomas, please, Thomas...
text: The Redcoats watch in silence. MARION LOOKS AT GABRIEL
text: and turns to the Redcoat Lieutenant.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Lieutenant, please...
text: The Lieutenant wavers, but he looks after the departing
text: Tarleton and his resolve stiffens. He turns coldly to
dialog: Marion.
scene_heading: REDCOAT LIEUTENANT
dialog: I have my orders. Sergeant!
text: The Redcoat infantrymen scatter, some to get horses and
text: wagons from the barn, others to torch the buildings.
text: MARION stands among the children, all of whom look to
text: Marion with pleading eyes, waiting for him to do
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: Papa, look what they did to
dialog: Thomas...
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Father, they're going to take
dialog: Gabriel...
text: With stone-faced fury, Marion watches the Redcoats do
dialog: their work.
text: From the barns, they hear the sounds of MUSKETS FIRING and
text: the SQUEALS OF THE LIVESTOCK being killed.
text: Other REDCOATS TORCH THE HOUSE, BARN AND OUTBUILDINGS.
text: THE FLAMES RISE.
text: The Redcoats bring out Marion's wagons and carriages and
text: begin loading the Redcoat wounded.
text: The Redcoat Lieutenant and several of his men walk among
text: the Patriot wounded who start to struggle to their feet,
text: begging for mercy. The Redcoats quickly OPEN FIRE, as if
dialog: to get it over with.
text: The WOUNDED PATRIOTS CRY OUT. More SHOTS. Then SILENCE.
text: GABRIEL, his hands bound behind him, looks to his father
text: with a combination of resoluteness and fear. Marion locks
text: eyes with him.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Father, you can't let them take
dialog: him...
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Quiet.
scene_heading: MARION AND THE CHILDREN
text: Watch as the Redcoats form up and move out, leading
text: Gabriel on a tether. Gabriel looks back helplessly but a
text: hard jerk on the rope by one of the Redcoats turns him
text: around. They disappear around a bend in the road.
text: THE INSTANT THE REDCOATS ARE OUT OF SIGHT, MARION speaks
text: firmly to his weeping children.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Don't move.
text: MARION STRIDES to his front door and ENTERS THE BURNING
speaker_heading: HOUSE.
text: INSIDE, FIRE EVERYWHERE. Picking a route between the
text: flames, Marion walks to his gun cabinet. He opens it and
text: pulls out weapons -- two Pennsylvania rifles, two muskets,
text: two pistols, a long-bladed knife and a worn tomahawk. He
text: carries them, with powder horns and ammunition pouches
text: back toward the door.
text: Marion walks OUT OF THE BURNING HOUSE.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Nathan, Samuel...
text: Without breaking stride, Marion throws muskets to Nathan
text: and Samuel who catch them.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Margaret, take William and Susan to
dialog: the river shed. Hide there. If
dialog: we're not back by dawn, go up the
text: river to the Richardson's house.
dialog: They'll take you to your Aunt
dialog: Charlotte's farm. Nathan, Samuel,
dialog: and I are going to get Gabriel.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: But what about Thomas?
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Leave him. Take care of William and
dialog: Susan.
text: Marion runs off toward the woods, Nathan and Samuel
text: follow. Margaret hesitates, then herds William and Susan
text: toward the river. The house is enveloped in flames.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODED PATH - AFTERNOON
text: Marion runs, breathing hard, keeping a punishing, steady
text: pace. Nathan and Samuel run behind, less winded than
text: their father. Marion makes up with cold fury what he
dialog: lacks in youth.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODED HILLSIDE - AFTERNOON
text: Marion runs up to the crest of a wooded hill. Slows.
text: Crawls the last few feet. Nathan and Samuel just behind
text: him. Looks over the hillside.
text: A path runs through a glen, about fifty feet below.
text: Marion's eyes dart, absorbing the terrain, looking for
text: advantage. He points.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Nathan, there. Samuel, there.
dialog: The boys go where they're told.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: I'll fire first. Then, Nathan, kill
dialog: whoever is standing closest to
dialog: Gabriel. Samuel, kill the last man
text: in the line.
text: They stagger under the weight of the orders. Marion
text: notices but continues.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: After that, Samuel, load for Nathan.
dialog: If something happens to me, put down
dialog: your weapons and run as fast as you
dialog: can, that way, downhill. Hide in
text: the brush by the river, then make
dialog: your way home, get the others and go
dialog: to Aunt Charlotte's farm.
text: The boys hesitate. Marion looks at them firmly.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Boys... steady.
scene_heading: NATHAN &amp; SAMUEL
dialog: Yes, father.
text: Marion disappears into the underbrush.
speaker_heading: DOWN THE PATH
text: The dozen Redcoats approach. Leading Gabriel on the rope.
speaker_heading: AHEAD OF THEM
text: Marion waits in the thick undergrowth.
text: On the hillside, Nathan and Samuel grip their muskets and
text: exchange a frightened, troubled look.
text: The REDCOATS enter the glen.
text: MARION waits, then picks his moment and FIRES, killing the
text: Redcoat Lieutenant with a shot to the chest.
text: NATHAN AND SAMUEL INSTANTLY FIRE, dropping the last
text: Redcoat in the line and the one holding Gabriel's rope.
text: THE REDCOATS STOP in confusion...
text: GABRIEL kneels, out of the line of fire.
text: The REDCOAT SERGEANT takes command...
speaker_heading: REDCOAT SERGEANT
scene_heading: FORM BY TWOS! BACK-TO-BACK LINES...
text: MARION KILLS the Sergeant with a shot to the throat...
text: Samuel finishes reloading, swaps muskets with Nathan who
text: FIRES, DROPPING ANOTHER REDCOAT.
speaker_heading: REDCOAT CORPORAL
text: READY...
text: Marion FIRES, killing the Corporal, the last man of
dialog: rank...
text: Marion ducks to the side as a VOLLEY OF REDCOAT MUSKET
text: FIRE tears into the spot marked by Marion's rifle smoke...
text: FROM THIS MOMENT ON, MARION NEVER STOPS MOVING. He
text: strides rather than runs, staying just inside the brush,
text: offering only glimpses of himself. He changes his pace
text: and direction repeatedly, ducking and weaving, firing and
text: loading while moving. He never gives the Redcoats a
text: stationary target, especially one marked by billowing
text: smoke from his flintlock. It's an Indian tactic and it
dialog: works.
text: The Redcoats TRACK HIM WITH THEIR BARRELS, about to
text: fire... Marion suddenly STOPS DEAD, REVERSES DIRECTION,
text: several REDCOATS FIRE AND MISS.
text: Six Redcoats left. Some primed, some reloading. A
text: REDCOAT draws a bead on Marion who drops to the ground and
text: FIRES, killing him.
text: Samuel, WEEPING as he loads, hands a primed musket to
dialog: Nathan who FIRES...
text: The Redcoats turn their attention to THE SPOT MARKED BY
scene_heading: NATHAN'S SMOKE...
text: Marion SEES THE REDCOATS AIMING TOWARD THE BOYS. He
text: instantly STRIDES OUT INTO THE OPEN, drawing the Redcoats'
dialog: attention from his sons...
text: Marion FIRES BOTH HIS PISTOLS, killing two Redcoats...
text: One Redcoat finishes reloading... Marion rushes him,
text: shoves aside the barrel and SLAMS him in the face with the
dialog: butt of the musket...
text: This is a DIFFERENT MARION, a vicious, savage Marion,
dialog: killing with stunning brutality...
text: Marion drops his own expended rifle and CATCHES THE
text: REDCOAT'S LOADED MUSKET before it hits the ground shoves
text: that musket into another Redcoat's belly and FIRES...
text: Two Redcoats left, neither finished loading...
text: MARION CHARGES, drawing his TOMAHAWK, ignores a GLANCING
text: BAYONET WOUND to the neck, HACKS a Redcoat open...
text: Splattering himself with BLOOD...
text: The final Redcoat, a cherubic-face young man, ducks into
text: the woods... Marion tears after him...
text: A FOOTRACE... the young Redcoat BLASTING THROUGH THE
text: BRUSH... the older Marion, panting, losing ground...
text: A CLEARING... the Redcoat is almost to the cover of the
text: trees on the far side...
text: MARION THROWS HIS TOMAHAWK which FLIES through the air and
text: SINKS IN THE REDCOAT'S BACK...
text: Marion runs to the wounded Redcoat, grabs his hair, yanks
text: back his head and SLITS HIS THROAT...
text: Then, without pausing, Marion wrenches the tomahawk from
text: the Redcoat's body, and races back toward his sons...
speaker_heading: AT THE GLEN
text: Nathan and a weeping Samuel, stunned at the carnage,
text: stumble down the hillside toward Gabriel. Marion runs up
text: and motions for them to stop.
text: Marion, checks the Redcoats, making sure they're all dead.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Samuel, reload. Nathan, untie
dialog: Gabriel.
text: They quickly do so as Marion picks up a loaded musket and
text: scans the road and the underbrush. In a moment they're
text: ready. Marion finds his own Pennsylvania rifle, then he
text: and his sons disappear into the underbrush.
scene_heading: EXT. POND BLUFF - DAY
text: The house and barns smolder. Thomas' body lies in the
text: yard. Nearby, the bodies of the Patriot wounded, now
dialog: dead.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER SHED - POND BLUFF - DAY
text: Margaret waits in the shed with William and Susan. They
text: hear a SOUND. APPROACHING FOOTSTEPS. Margaret pulls her
text: sister and brother to her and waits.
text: The door opens. It's Marion and Gabriel, Nathan and
text: Samuel. Margaret and the little ones throw themselves
text: into Marion's arms.
text: Margaret notices the blood on Marion. She hesitates but
text: her relief tightens her embrace.
scene_heading: EXT. POND BLUFF - DAY
text: Marion, trailed by his children, walks past the soldiers'
text: bodies and the remains of their house.
text: He kneels down next to Thomas' body. On the ground Marion
text: sees several of THOMAS' LEAD SOLDIERS. He stares at them
text: for a moment, picks them up and puts them in his pocket.
text: Marion picks up Thomas and carries him up the hill toward
text: the apple tree and Elizabeth's grave. The children
dialog: follow.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLTOP - POND BLUFF - DAY
text: Marion digs a grave. The children watch. The only sounds
text: are Marion's labored BREATHING, the RASP OF THE SHOVEL and
text: the RUSTLE OF DEAD LEAVES blown along the ground by a soft
dialog: wind.
text: Some dry leaves catch on Thomas' still wet blood, as if
text: trying to bandage his wound.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLTOP - POND BLUFF - DAY (LATER)
text: Marion puts the last shovelfuls of dirt on the grave.
text: Near tears and unsure of what to do next, he turns to
text: Elizabeth's gravestone. The soft wind blows. Marion
dialog: listens.
text: He turns and sees his children looking up at him. Holding
text: in his own tears, he gathers the children around him and
dialog: let's them cry.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: There, there... he's alright... he's
dialog: with your mother now...
text: He stiffens, speaking formally:
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Lord, we pray that You accept this
dialog: child, Thomas Marion and give him a
dialog: place at Your side with his mother.
dialog: We ask that You embrace him and help
dialog: us to understand the manner in which
dialog: Your mercy works. This we ask, in
dialog: Your name. Amen.
speaker_heading: MARION'S CHILDREN
dialog: Amen.
text: Marion looks at Elizabeth's grave, then he gently eases
dialog: his children away.
scene_heading: EXT. BENNINGTON OVERLOOK - DAY
text: Marion and his children stop at the overlook, seeing the
text: Santee River valley spread out before them. The SMOKE
text: from two dozen farms rises.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: The Morgans, the Halseys, Williams,
dialog: Stantons...
text: The smoke from the separate fires joins together high in
text: the sky, forming what looks like stormclouds. They walk
dialog: on.
scene_heading: EXT. CHARLOTTE'S FARM - NIGHT
text: Marion and his children wait in the cover of the woods.
text: They see a pair of shadowed figures coming toward them
text: from the house, Gabriel and Charlotte.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Father, it's safe.
text: Marion hustles the children out of the woods.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Charlotte sits, holding a sleeping Susan. The other
text: children lie awake on pallets. Marion, still streaked
text: with dried blood and sweat, tucks William and Margaret
text: into bed.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Sleep, now.
text: Marion moves on to Nathan.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Father... I killed those men...
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Don't blame yourself, you did what I
dialog: told you to do.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: I'm glad I killed them... I'm
dialog: glad...
text: Marion isn't. He turns to Samuel who's cried-out. Marion
text: reaches out to touch him but Samuel recoils from Marion's
text: blood-streaked hand. Marion sighs and tucks him in.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Try to get some sleep.
text: Marion moves to take Susan from Charlotte who shakes her
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: I'll stay with them.
text: Marion nods and leaves Charlotte with the children.
scene_heading: INT. CHARLOTTE'S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Marion enters. He starts to pace but grows unsteady. He
text: rears back as if screaming but no sound comes from his
text: mouth, as he looks upstairs, knowing his children are
text: searching for the solace of sleep.
text: He opens a cabinet, pulls out a bottle of liquor, pours
text: and drinks. Then another.
text: THE SOUND OF HORSEMEN. Gabriel walks in. Tired. Grim.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: How are they?
text: Marion just shakes his head.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
text: Gates is at Hillsboro with the
dialog: Continental Army. I'll leave in the
text: morning to join him.
text: Marion nods. Marion and Gabriel stand in silence for a
text: long moment, neither one finding words. Then Gabriel
text: speaks softly.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: I'll tend my horse.
text: He leaves Marion alone.
scene_heading: INT. CHARLOTTE'S FARMHOUSE - NIGHT (LATER)
text: Marion stares at the fireplace. Charlotte walks in
text: carrying a pitcher and fresh clothing.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
text: They're asleep.
text: Marion is silent. Charlotte pours water into a washbowl
text: and motions to Marion. He takes off his shirt. She
text: begins cleaning away the blood and tending the wound on
text: his neck.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: How did this... how did I let this
dialog: happen?
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: You couldn't have known.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: I should have known... once I would
dialog: have... I used to be wary... and
dialog: today I watched my son killed before
dialog: my eyes... your sister civilized me
dialog: and I damn myself for having let
dialog: her...
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: Thomas is dead but you've done
dialog: nothing for which you should be
dialog: ashamed.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: I've done nothing and for that I am
dialog: ashamed.
text: She looks at him closely.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: If you go, I'll care for them as if
dialog: they were my own.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: I'll leave in the morning with
dialog: Gabriel.
text: He stares past her, looking at the flames in the
text: fireplace. She tends his wounds.
scene_heading: EXT. PORCH - CHARLOTTE'S FARMHOUSE - MORNING
text: Marion and Gabriel finish saddling their horses. Marion
text: embraces Nathan and Samuel. Then he turns to Margaret,
dialog: William and Susan.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: When will you be back?
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: I don't know, William.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Tomorrow?
text: Marion winces. Margaret puts her arm around William.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: No, not tomorrow.
text: Marion kisses them both, then moves on to Susan, trying to
text: coax a word out of the silent four-year-old:
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Goodbye?
text: She just looks at him.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Just one word? Goodbye? That's all
dialog: I want.
text: Susan shakes her head. He sighs, rises and turns to
text: Charlotte. They hesitate, then embrace, hugging deeply
text: but a bit awkwardly, holding each other just a moment
text: longer than one would expect. She looks up at him... he
text: kisses her on the cheek.
text: Marion mounts up. And he and Gabriel head off, Susan,
text: unnoticed and unheard, whispers:
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Goodbye.
text: Marion and Gabriel ride away.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMDEN ROAD - DAY
text: Marion and Gabriel ride past the signs of a small
text: skirmish. Bodies. Abandoned wagons. Dead horses. A
text: burning farm.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMDEN HILLSIDE - DAY
text: Marion and Gabriel ride to the crest of a hill. A vista
text: spreads out before them. They see an awesome sight -- A
text: MASSIVE SLASH OF RED approaches a MASSIVE SLASH OF BLUE.
text: A battle is taking place about five miles away.
text: Gabriel starts to spur his horse but Marion restrains him.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: No, it's too late.
text: Gabriel stops. Marion points out brightly colored
text: clusters of men behind each army.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Command posts... Patriot...
dialog: British...
text: The distant slash of red stops. Marion and Gabriel hear
text: only a GENTLE WIND and some nearby SONGBIRDS.
text: Then, from a black mass of the side of the red slash, a
text: sudden, silent eruption of white smoke.
text: An instant later, the blue slash quivers. A moment later
text: the SOUND OF THE CANNONS, RUMBLES UP THE HILL and rolls
text: over Marion and Gabriel.
text: The RED SLASH STOPS moving. It darkens as thousands of
text: Redcoats raise their muskets and the front ranks kneel
text: into firing position.
text: Marion's eyes dart. He knows what's coming.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Break for the trees... break for the
dialog: trees...
text: A MASSIVE ERUPTION OF WHITE SMOKE billows from the red
text: slash. An instant later, the blue line starts to break up
text: as hundreds of distant Patriots fall.
text: The SOUND OF THE BRITISH MUSKETS reaches Marion and
text: Gabriel like the pattering of rain.
text: Then the SMOKE OF INEFFECTIVE, SCATTERED VOLLEYS erupts
text: from the Patriot lines. The red line holds firm.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Send them to cover! Goddamn you!
text: But the blue line of the Patriots stays in the open field.
text: From behind the Redcoats, FAST-MOVING GREEN AND RED MASSES
text: move quickly onto the battlefield. CAVALRY.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Father, we have to do something...
text: The British cavalry slams into the blue line, shattering
text: it. Tiny bits of blue move in every direction.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Father...
speaker_heading: MARION
text: It's already over.
text: Marion watches, appalled. At this distance the moving
text: slashes of color and billowing smoke are strangely
text: beautiful. Marion turns his horse and heads down the
text: hill, toward the rear of the Patriot lines.
scene_heading: EXT. AMERICAN ENCAMPMENT - NIGHT
text: A nightmare. SCREAMS OF AGONY. A few hundred battered,
text: Patriot survivors treat their wounded and prepare to move
text: out. The battle, so bloodless and beautiful at a
text: distance, has, in its aftermath, become horrifically
text: painful and ugly.
text: Marion and Gabriel ride into camp, passing nervous
text: sentries and a field surgery which is surrounded by pools
text: of blood and amputated legs and arms. Marion sees HARRY
text: LEE at a make-shift command post, barking orders, trying
dialog: to pull things together.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Damn you, Sergeant, don't move the
dialog: wounded twice, put them straight on
text: the wagons from the surgeons.
scene_heading: PATRIOT SERGEANT
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Lieutenant, detail men for
dialog: outriders. We move out as soon as
text: the wounded are ready.
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: The Lieutenant rushes off. Lee notices Marion and
text: Gabriel, surprised to see them. He jerks his head for
dialog: them to follow him into:
scene_heading: LEE'S COMMAND TENT
text: Once out of sight of the men, Lee loses his command
text: bearing. Exhausted, he leans on his campaign table and
text: looks closely at Marion, asking with his eyes why Marion
dialog: is here.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Green Dragoons came to my home,
dialog: killed my son, Thomas. It was
dialog: Tarleton himself.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: I'm sorry I wasn't here for this.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: There's nothing you could have done,
dialog: Gates is a damned fool.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: We saw.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: I begged him to stay in the cover of
dialog: the trees but he insisted the only
dialog: way to break Cornwallis was muzzle-
dialog: to-muzzle. He spent too many years
dialog: in the British army.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Where is he now?
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Last anyone saw, riding hard,
text: northeast, his staff a hundred yards
text: behind, trying to catch up.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Who's in command?
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: I am, I think.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: What are my orders?
text: Lee gives Marion a tired smile.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: If you want orders, I've got some
dialog: for you.
text: Lee ROLLS OUT A MAP for Marion and Gabriel.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: We're a breath away from losing this
dialog: war. In the North, Washington is
text: reeling from Valley Forge, running
dialog: and hiding from Clinton and twelve
dialog: thousand Redcoats.
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: Here in the South, Cornwallis has
dialog: broken our back. He captured over
dialog: five thousand of our troops when he
dialog: took Charleston and today he
dialog: destroyed the only army that stood
text: between him and New York.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: So now Cornwallis will head north,
dialog: link up with Clinton and finish off
dialog: Washington.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: And Patriots will start dying on the
text: gallows instead of the battlefield.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Unless we can keep Cornwallis in the
text: South until the French arrive. A
dialog: treaty was signed at Versailles
dialog: after our victory at Saratoga. The
dialog: French are sending a fleet and ten
dialog: thousand troops.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: When?
speaker_heading: LEE
text: Fall, six months at the earliest.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Long time.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: The bigger problem is where, not
dialog: when. The French fleet won't sail
dialog: north of the Chesapeake for fear of
dialog: early storms.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: So you're going to try to keep
dialog: Cornwallis in the South until then.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Not me, you. I'm going north with
dialog: every Continental regular I can find
dialog: to reinforce Washington or he won't
dialog: last six weeks.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: You expect Cornwallis to be held
dialog: here by militia?
speaker_heading: LEE
text: Not held, just slowed down.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: They're nothing but farmers and
dialog: you're asking them to try to keep a
dialog: tiger in their backyard. They'd be
dialog: better off letting it move on.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: They'd be better off, but the cause
dialog: wouldn't be.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: How many men does Cornwallis have
dialog: under his command?
speaker_heading: LEE
text: Four thousand infantry and around
dialog: six hundred cavalry...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: ... including the Green Dragoons
text: under Tarleton.
text: At the mention of Tarleton, Marion nods.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: I'll do what I can.
text: Lee quickly writes something.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: I'm giving you a field commission as
dialog: a colonel.
text: He hands it to Marion. Gabriel steps forward.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Colonel Lee, I request a transfer to
dialog: Colonel Marion's command.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Granted.
text: Lee scribbles another order and hands it to Gabriel. Then
text: he turns to Marion.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Good luck.
text: Marion nods. They duck out of the tent.
scene_heading: EXT. AMERICAN ENCAMPMENT - NIGHT (LATER)
text: Marion and Gabriel stand watching Lee and his Continental
text: regulars move out. Gabriel turns to Marion.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: What now, sir?
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: We put out the word. We'll start
text: along the south side of the
dialog: Santee...
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: We'd cover more ground if we split
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: It's safer if we stay together.
text: Gabriel steps in front of Marion.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Colonel, I didn't request this
dialog: transfer because you're my father.
dialog: I requested it because I believe in
dialog: this cause and this is where I can
dialog: do the most good.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Oh?
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: I've been doing this for two years.
dialog: I'm the best scout in the
dialog: Continental Army, the best horseman,
dialog: the best shot, the best scavenger
dialog: and I know every deer path and swamp
dialog: trail between here and Charleston.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Is that so?
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Yes, sir.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: My father taught me.
text: Marion looks at Gabriel closely.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Did your father teach you humility?
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: He tried. It didn't take.
text: Marion looks Gabriel up and down.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Alright, Corporal, you take
dialog: Bennington, Harrisville, Acworth and
dialog: the farms along Black Swamp. I'll
dialog: take the north side of the river.
dialog: We'll meet at Snow's Island.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: They mount up.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: And, Corporal...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: ... be careful.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Yes...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: ... father.
text: They ride off in different directions.
scene_heading: EXT. BRADFORD VILLAGE - NIGHT
text: Marion rides into a small village, passing several bodies
text: in blue Continental uniforms, hanging from lampposts.
text: Marion stops in front of a tavern, dismounts and enters.
scene_heading: INT. TAVERN - BRADFORD - NIGHT
text: As Marion walks in he's greeted by cold stares from half-
text: a-dozen men, huddles over their drinks.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: I'm looking for John Billings.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
text: He's dead.
text: Marion looks closely at the grim, suspicious men.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: If he comes back from the dead, tell
dialog: him Francis Marion is looking for
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: I'll be sure to do that.
text: As Marion turns to leave he notices an open bottle of
text: Madeira on one of the tables. He stops.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: I'll wait. Miracles happen.
text: A stand-off. Then, a hulking FIGURE appears in the
text: shadows at the back doorway. He's JOHN BILLINGS, big,
text: coarse, about Marion's age. Billings jerks his head for
text: Marion to join him in the back room.
scene_heading: INT. BACK ROOM - TAVERN - NIGHT
text: Dark. Marion and billings talk over a bottle.
speaker_heading: BILLINGS
dialog: You expect to hold Cornwallis with
dialog: militia?
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: I expect to try.
speaker_heading: BILLINGS
dialog: Trust you and Harry Lee. Remember
dialog: that damned overland you two thought
dialog: up in '62 to hit Fort Louis?
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: It worked. How many men can you
dialog: raise?
speaker_heading: BILLINGS
dialog: Not many. Dalton, Scott, they've
dialog: got their reasons; Rev. Oliver,
dialog: he believes in the cause; some of
dialog: the young bucks; a few like me with
dialog: nothing to lose...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What about you? You've got a lot to
dialog: lose.
text: Marion drains his glass and stands up.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: You coming, or not?
text: Billings drains his glass. They walk out together.
scene_heading: EXT. TAVERN - BRADFORD - NIGHT
text: Marion and Billings ride away from the tavern, passing the
text: hanging Patriot bodies.
scene_heading: EXT. SNOW'S ISLAND - SANTEE SWAMPS - NIGHT
text: A CACOPHONY OF BIRDS AND INSECTS. Swamp maples and
text: willows form a canopy over moss-covered mounds and pools
text: of plant-choked water.
text: Gabriel leads several men, riding along a dry path that
text: snakes through the swamp. They cross a narrow land bridge
text: onto a wooded island, joining a dozen-and-a-half men,
text: including Marion who kneels at a campfire.
text: CLOSE SHOT: Several of Thomas' brightly painted LEAD
text: SOLDIERS MELT in a cast-iron pan. The little men fall to
text: their knees then lose form, turning into bubbling, molten
dialog: metal.
text: The new arrivals dismount and greet the others.
text: Gabriel steps up behind Marion and watches as he pours the
text: lead into a bullet mold, closes the lid and dips the mold
text: into a bucket of water which HISSES and STEAMS.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Father, this war is about more than
dialog: Thomas.
text: Marion doesn't look up.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Is it?
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: If you're here only for revenge,
dialog: you're doing a disservice to him as
dialog: well as yourself.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: How old are you?
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: You know how old I am.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: God help us all when you're forty.
text: Marion puts some more lead soldiers into the pan. Gabriel
text: shakes his head, turns away and goes to tend his horse.
scene_heading: EXT. SNOW'S ISLAND ENCAMPMENT - MORNING
text: Day breaks. A low, thick swamp mist covers the
text: encampment. Marion, sits alone by the embers of last
text: night's campfire. The men are awake. Some eat, others
dialog: talk.
text: Marion pulls himself out of his dark reverie. He takes
text: the bullets from the mold and puts them in a pouch
text: attached to his weapons' belt. Then he rises and heads
text: over to the men.
text: He surveys his brigade. Twenty-six men: framers,
text: artisans, mountain men, none in uniform. Marion walks
text: among them, nodding familiarly to several. He notices an
text: imposing looking Cherokee Indian, BROTHER JOSEPH, standing
text: a bit apart from the others. They exchange nods.
text: He notices a stern-looking man in partial clerical garb,
scene_heading: REV. CHARLES OLIVER.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Reverend.
speaker_heading: REV. OLIVER
dialog: I heard about your son. I'm sorry.
text: Marion accepts his condolences. He notes GEORGE DALTON, a
text: tough-looking, rustic man with an ice-cold, distant stare.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Dalton.
text: Dalton doesn't respond. Marion recognizes another face,
text: ABNER BROWN, African-American, around thirty, rugged.
text: Marion addresses the men who do not gather around so much
dialog: as just give him their attention.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: You all have your own reasons for
dialog: being here. I lost a son and I
dialog: intend to kill the man who killed
dialog: him...
text: Marion pauses and looks over at Gabriel.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: ... But I don't consider that man's
dialog: life adequate payment for the life
dialog: of my son, and killing him won't
dialog: keep the sons of other men from
dialog: dying...
text: Gabriel nods, approvingly.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Cornwallis has to move north. We
dialog: have to keep him right here. If
dialog: he's south of the Chesapeake when
dialog: the French arrive, if the French
dialog: arrive, we have a chance of winning
dialog: this war.
text: Marion looks from face to face.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Eat, get some rest, we move out in
dialog: two hours.
text: Marion heads back to his campsite, passing Gabriel without
text: looking at him, but very aware of his son's eyes on him.
scene_heading: EXT. BRITISH FIELD HEADQUARTERS - CAMDEN - DAY
text: A massive British army field encampment. Thousands of
text: well-armed, veteran troops. Large detachments of Redcoats
text: march through endless rows of tents. Some are battle-
text: worn, others are fresh troops moving out.
text: TARLETON and his GREEN DRAGOONS, covered with dirt and
text: sweat, ride into the encampment. Tarleton and Wilkins
text: peel off, riding to the front of a farmhouse that has been
text: commandeered for British headquarters. They dismount and
dialog: stride in.
scene_heading: INT. CORNWALLIS' HEADQUARTERS - CAMDEN FARMHOUSE - DAY
text: British officers, clerks and aides work. They're in good
text: spirits. LORD CORNWALLIS, a proud man, comfortable with
text: command, coldly notes one of his officers slapping another
text: on the back. MAJOR HUNTINGTON rolls out a map for
dialog: Cornwallis.
speaker_heading: CORNWALLIS
dialog: Gentlemen.
text: The officers gather around the map.
speaker_heading: CORNWALLIS
dialog: Major, this is not an adequate map.
scene_heading: MAJOR HUNTINGTON
dialog: We have better coming on the
dialog: trailing supply convoy from
dialog: Charleston.
speaker_heading: CORNWALLIS
dialog: A useful place for our maps.
scene_heading: MAJOR HUNTINGTON
dialog: I'm sorry, sir, it won't happen
dialog: again.
text: Tarleton enters, followed by Wilkins.
speaker_heading: CORNWALLIS
dialog: My harrier. Join us, Colonel.
speaker_heading: TARLETON
dialog: Sir.
text: Tarleton and Wilkins join them around the map.
speaker_heading: CORNWALLIS
dialog: Gentlemen, celebration is premature.
dialog: We have a difficult campaign ahead
dialog: of us. We are in predominately
dialog: hostile country and we cannot rely
dialog: on forage. As we move north, the
dialog: bulk of our supplies will reach us
dialog: by sea, through Charleston, which
dialog: will give us a long and vulnerable
dialog: supply line, one that can only be
dialog: secured if the locals are loyal to
dialog: the crown.
scene_heading: CORNWALLIS' OFFICERS
dialog: (multiple)
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: Cornwallis turns to his field officers, paying particular
text: attention to Tarleton.
speaker_heading: CORNWALLIS
dialog: Nonetheless, we must remember that
dialog: this is a civil war...
text: Tarleton proudly holds Cornwallis' look.
speaker_heading: CORNWALLIS
dialog: These colonials are our brethren and
dialog: when this conflict is over, we will
dialog: be reestablishing commerce with
dialog: them. Surrendering troops will be
dialog: given quarter and unwarranted
dialog: assaults on civilians will cease.
text: Wilkins shifts uneasily. Tarleton isn't cowed.
speaker_heading: CORNWALLIS
dialog: I expect this war to be fought in a
text: vigorous but civilized manner.
text: Cornwallis looks at his other officers.
speaker_heading: CORNWALLIS
dialog: Have I made myself clear, gentlemen?
speaker_heading: OFFICERS
dialog: (multiple)
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: Cornwallis shifts his eyes back to Tarleton who was not
text: among those who spoke. Tarleton pointedly pauses a
dialog: moment, then says:
speaker_heading: TARLETON
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: Cornwallis turns his attention back to the map. His men
text: gather around.
scene_heading: EXT. CORNWALLIS' FIELD HEADQUARTERS - CAMDEN - DAY
text: Tarleton and Wilkins walk out and mount up.
speaker_heading: WILKINS
dialog: I believe he was speaking to us,
dialog: Colonel.
speaker_heading: TARLETON
dialog: Did you know that Lord Cornwallis'
dialog: father was a tenant on the estate of
dialog: my grandfather?
text: Tarleton jerks his reins and rides off. Wilkins laughs
text: and follows.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODED ROAD - DAY
text: A British supply train of several dozen wagons, a herd of
text: horses and accompanying Redcoats makes its way.
text: ON A WOODED HILLSIDE, Gabriel lies on the ground,
text: observing the convoy. He eases back, mounts up, and rides
dialog: off.
scene_heading: EXT. BRIDGE - SANTEE RIVER - DAY
text: Marion and his men wait, well-hidden in the brush on a
text: rise, just above the bridge. Gabriel rides up.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
text: Less than a mile. Forty-one wagons,
text: a company of Redcoat infantry,
text: horses at the rear.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Flanking riders?
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: I didn't see any.
text: Marion nods and motions to his men who check their weapons
text: and pass the word. Gabriel ties up his horse and takes a
text: position near his father.
scene_heading: EXT. SANTEE ROAD - NIGHT
text: The British convoy rounds the curve. When two-thirds of
text: the wagons have crossed the bridge, Marion FIRES, killing
text: the Redcoat of highest rank, a CAPTAIN.
text: BILLINGS AND DALTON heave CORKED BOTTLES which break,
text: spreading their OILY CONTENTS on the wooden bridge.
text: BROTHER JOSEPH fires a FLAMING ARROW, igniting the oil.
text: The BRIDGE BURSTS INTO FLAMES, cutting off the tail of the
text: convoy, stranding a dozen wagons and the herd of horses on
text: Marion's side of the river.
text: A REDCOAT LIEUTENANT takes command.
scene_heading: REDCOAT LIEUTENANT
dialog: Across the river! Covering fire!
dialog: Double rank!
text: Marion calls to his men.
speaker_heading: MARION
text: Epaulets first... Kill the officers.
text: Marion and his men FIRE A WITHERING VOLLEY, KILLING ALL
text: REDCOATS OF RANK -- two lieutenants, a sergeant and
text: several corporals.
text: The LEADERLESS REDCOAT PRIVATES take cover as Marion's men
text: OPEN UP on the Redcoats on their side of the river.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: THE WAGONS!
text: With half of his men FIRING COVER, Marion and the other
text: half run to the wagons, passing Redcoat dead and
dialog: wounded...
text: DALTON, notices a WOUNDED REDCOAT and pauses...
text: The Redcoat looks up imploringly at Dalton who finishes
text: reloading, then coldly FIRES, KILLING THE helpless
dialog: Redcoat...
text: Marion, Gabriel and Rev. Oliver see Dalton kill the
text: wounded Redcoat as they race toward the wagons, British
text: musketballs SPLINTERING TREES all around them...
text: The horses nearest the burning bridge are terrified,
text: BUCKING AND REARING, STRUGGLING in their traces...
text: MARION LEAPS INTO THE SEAT of one wagon. Gabriel and
text: Billings grab the reins of two more wagons.
text: The Redcoats keep up a STEADY FIRE. TWO OF MARION'S MEN
text: FALL, one dead another wounded.
text: Marion, Gabriel and Billings STRUGGLE TO CONTROL THE
text: FRIGHTENED HORSES, backing them up around the curve to the
text: cover of the woods.
text: MARION'S REARGUARD, Brother Joseph, Abner, Dan Scott and
text: others, withdraws in leapfrog, FIRING BACK ACROSS THE
speaker_heading: RIVER.
text: BRITISH MUSKET BALLS SLAM into the trees and SPLINTER THE
text: WAGONS...
text: Another of Marion's men is WOUNDED. Two of his comrades
text: HEAVE HIM onto one of the wagons...
text: As Marion's men get the wagons turned and unblocked from
text: each other, they DRIVE THEM OFF, one after another...
text: Brother Joseph, Abner and the rest of the rearguard make
text: it to Marion and LEAP INTO HIS WAGON...
text: MARION snaps the reins and they THUNDER OFF, away from the
text: BURNING BRIDGE and the FIRING Redcoats.
scene_heading: EXT. SNOW'S ISLAND - DAY
text: Marion's men tend their wounded and look through the
text: British wagons, taking inventory.
speaker_heading: REV. OLIVER
dialog: ... two-hundred-sixty-six Brown Bess
text: muskets, forty-one casks of powder,
dialog: balls, tamping...
speaker_heading: BILLINGS
dialog: We have enough arms for an army.
dialog: Now all we need is an army.
text: Marion checks out a wagon full of tools with DAN SCOTT and
text: ROB FIELDING, a couple of sharp-eyed craftsmen. They
text: overlap dialogue, rapidly speaking the private language of
dialog: colonial artisans.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Reamer, boring tool...
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Swage, broach, etching tool...
speaker_heading: FIELDING
text: A rolling gunsmith's shop...
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: We can rifle those musket barrels...
speaker_heading: FIELDING
dialog: Get another hundred yards out of
dialog: 'em...
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: We'll need a forge...
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Easy enough...
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: We've got clay to make a chamber...
speaker_heading: FIELDING
dialog: Oak to make charcoal...
speaker_heading: SCOTT
text: Oil cloth and barrel staves to make
dialog: a bellows...
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: And we can yank a wagon wheel,
dialog: weight it, rig a piston and drive
dialog: shaft and we'll have a flywheel to
dialog: power the bellows...
text: Scott and Fielding exchange an impressed look.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: (to Fielding)
dialog: That's why he's a colonel.
text: Scott and Fielding roll up their sleeves and get to work.
text: Marion hears a COMMOTION OF BARKING DOGS AND YELLING MEN
text: and strides over to find Billings cowering before TWO HUGE
text: GREAT DANES who stand guard at one of the wagons.
speaker_heading: BILLINGS
dialog: Shoot them! Shoot the damn things!
text: Dalton prepares to do so.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Put that pistol down!
speaker_heading: SCOTT
text: They followed us from the bridge.
dialog: They won't let anyone near the
dialog: wagon.
text: Marion steps forward, speaking softly but firmly to the
dialog: dogs.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Stay... stay... stay...
text: The dogs waver between obeying Marion and ripping out his
dialog: throat.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Don't you growl at me!
text: The dogs decide to obey. Marion lets them sniff his hand,
text: then firmly pats them.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Now let's see what's in this wagon.
text: Rev. Oliver and Abner join him. Billings eases past the
text: dogs. Abner opens a large case and finds it filled with
dialog: bottles.
speaker_heading: ABNER
dialog: Rum, French Champagne, Madeira,
dialog: Port...
speaker_heading: BILLINGS
dialog: No wonder they were guarding it.
text: Gabriel opens a trunk and finds it filled with powdered
text: wigs, all perfectly coifed and stored on head-shaped wig-
text: stands. Rev. Oliver opens one of several identical cases
text: and finds it filled with papers.
speaker_heading: REV. OLIVER
dialog: My heavens, personal correspondence
dialog: of... Lord Cornwallis.
text: Marion grabs some papers, scans them, then finds matching
text: cases on nearby wagons.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: These four wagons must be his.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: And the dogs, too, I'll wager.
speaker_heading: BILLINGS
dialog: I say we drink the wine, shoot the
dialog: dogs, and use the papers for musket
text: wadding.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: His journals, letters, maps,
dialog: books...
text: Abner calls from another wagon.
speaker_heading: ABNER
dialog: Colonel, we got a wagon full of
dialog: officer's uniforms and more powder
text: and muskets here.
text: Ignoring Abner, Marion, sits down on a stump with a pile
text: of Cornwallis' papers and starts to read.
scene_heading: EXT. SNOW'S ISLAND - NIGHT
text: Marion sits at Cornwallis' ornate, folding campaign desk,
text: reading Cornwallis' journal, surrounded by Cornwallis'
text: field gear which includes furniture, music boxes, oil
text: paintings and an elaborate folding commode. The TWO GREAT
text: DANES sit nearby, eyeing Marion warily.
dialog: The men have divided themselves into two groups, one
text: coarse, the other civilized, each clustered around a
dialog: separate fire.
text: The coarse men, including Dalton, Brother Joseph and
text: RANDOLPH, a grizzled, black-toothed mountain man, drink
text: and laugh loudly, wearing Cornwallis' wigs askew.
text: The civilized men, including Rev. Oliver, Gabriel, Scott,
text: Fielding and Abner, talk quietly.
text: Marion puts down the journal and walks over to the
text: campfire where the rougher men are gathered. He stands
text: just inside the firelight and speaks loudly, so that all
dialog: can hear:
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Today was hard earned but a good
dialog: start.
text: Marion looks at Dalton, then turns to the other men as
dialog: well.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: In the future wounded British
dialog: soldiers will be given quarters.
speaker_heading: DALTON
dialog: Like they gave quarter to my family?
dialog: My wife and three children were
dialog: hiding in our root cellar when they
text: came. The Redcoats locked the door
text: and torched the house.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: You have my sympathy... but the
dialog: order stands.
speaker_heading: DALTON
dialog: And who are you to give an order
dialog: like that? We all know what you did
dialog: after Fort Wilderness.
text: That hits home but Marion remains calm.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: I'm your commanding officer. This
dialog: is militia, not regular army. I
dialog: can't hold you here, but as long as
dialog: you stay, you'll follow my orders.
text: Marion looks from face to face. Most begrudgingly nod.
dialog: That's enough for Marion.
text: As he heads back to his own campfire he's intercepted by
text: Rev. Oliver who speaks to him out of earshot of the other
text: men, except for Gabriel and Billings who overhear.
speaker_heading: REV. OLIVER
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: For what?
speaker_heading: REV. OLIVER
dialog: For trying to impose some decency on
dialog: that sort.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Don't depend on my decency. I'm one
dialog: of that sort.
text: Marion walks on. Rev. Oliver exchanges a look with
text: Gabriel, then heads off. As Marion joins Gabriel and
text: Billings at his campfire, Billings grips his bottle.
speaker_heading: BILLINGS
dialog: Am I one of that sort?
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: You're the worst of that sort.
dialog: You're the sort that gives that sort
dialog: a bad name.
text: Billings considers that, then shrugs and takes a long
text: drink. He hands the bottle to Marion who takes an equally
text: long drink. Marion picks up his Pennsylvania rifle.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: I'm going to check the watch.
text: He disappears into the darkness leaving Gabriel and
text: Billings at the campfire.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: He shouldn't make light. That
dialog: Redcoat should not have been killed.
speaker_heading: BILLINGS
text: He's not making light.
text: Gabriel shoots Billings a dubious look.
speaker_heading: BILLINGS
dialog: You don't know him very well, do
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: He's my father.
text: Billings looks closely at Gabriel.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: I know him well enough?
speaker_heading: BILLINGS
dialog: Don't fault him for having grown up
dialog: on the frontier. It was a harder
dialog: time and a harder place than you
dialog: know.
text: Gabriel looks at Billings, then turns back to the fire.
scene_heading: EXT. SNOW'S ISLAND - DAWN
text: The men are beginning to stir, gathering around the
text: campfires, cooking, using pots, pans and other gear from
text: the stolen British wagons.
text: Marion reads Cornwallis' journal. He looks up, stretches
text: and walks over to a campfire where Gabriel, Billings and
text: Rev. Oliver cook. The dogs follow at a distance.
speaker_heading: BILLINGS
dialog: Well?
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: I've just been inside the mind of a
dialog: genius. Lord Cornwallis knows more
dialog: about war than I could in a dozen
dialog: lifetimes.
speaker_heading: BILLINGS
text: Cheerful news to greet the morn.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: His victories at Charleston and
dialog: Camden were perfect, strategically,
text: tactically, logistically. But he
dialog: has a weakness.
text: They all turn to Marion.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Lord Cornwallis is brilliant. His
dialog: weakness is that he knows it.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Father?
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Pride is his weakness.
dialog: The men consider that.
speaker_heading: BILLINGS
dialog: Personally, I'd prefer stupidity.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Pride will do.
scene_heading: BEGIN MONTAGE: Series of shots as follows:
text: -- A VOLLEY OF MUSKET FIRE erupts from some thick
text: underbrush, cutting down half of a squadron of Redcoats
text: on the march. The surviving Redcoats FIRE BACK into
text: the trees at unseen targets to little effect.
text: -- Marion rides with about fifty men.
text: -- A British supply convoy makes its way through the
text: woods. Suddenly, Marion's men appear, rising up from
text: the ground as if by magic, having been camouflaged by
text: leaves and brush. They OPEN FIRE on the convoy escort,
text: which holds for a moment, then flees.
text: -- Marion rides with about seventy-five men.
text: -- Cornwallis finishes reading a dispatch and furiously
text: flings it across the room.
text: -- Marion rides with about one hundred men.
text: -- Snow's Island. Marion and his men do an inventory of a
text: large haul of stolen British supply wagons. The booty
text: includes dozens of BRASS MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS, some of
text: which Marion's men BLARE in celebration.
text: -- Marion rides with about one-hundred-fifty men.
text: -- Marion, Gabriel, and some of the other men watch as the
text: flaming supports of a BURNING WOODEN BRIDGE collapse
text: into a river.
text: -- A seething Cornwallis stands at the same spot, looking
text: at the charred, now cooled, remains of the bridge.
text: Cornwallis angrily mounts up and rides off. His
text: contrite staff officers mount up and follow.
text: -- Snow's Island. Marion sits with his muddy feet on
text: Cornwallis' campaign desk, reading Cornwallis' journal,
text: with Cornwallis' Great Danes at his side.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMDEN - NIGHT
text: Glittering lights shine from the Camden Inn, a grand
text: structure in the center of town.
text: A line of OPULENT CARRIAGES discharges well-dressed
text: passengers, arriving for a ball. Ladies in their finery.
text: Patrician husbands. Redcoat and Green Dragoon officers in
text: magnificent dress uniforms.
scene_heading: INT. CORNWALLIS' PERSONAL QUARTERS - EVENING
text: Cornwallis, standing in front of a full-length mirror, is
text: dressed by his VALET while Major Halbert, Colonel
text: Huntington and Tarleton look on.
speaker_heading: CORNWALLIS
dialog: Why am I here, Colonel Halbert?
speaker_heading: MAJOR HALBERT
dialog: For the ball, sir?
text: Cornwallis holds his temper.
speaker_heading: CORNWALLIS
dialog: Why, after six weeks, are we still
dialog: here to attend a ball. By now, we
dialog: should be attending balls in North
dialog: Carolina, not South Carolina.
speaker_heading: MAJOR HALBERT
dialog: Our supply line, sir?
speaker_heading: CORNWALLIS
dialog: Excellent guess, Major.
text: The valet puts a dress coat on Cornwallis who looks at the
text: garment with deepest disdain.
speaker_heading: CORNWALLIS
dialog: And what, praytell, is this?
speaker_heading: VALET
dialog: Uh... I borrowed it from Colonel
dialog: North. I took it in at the back,
dialog: added wider epaulets, a court sash
text: and looped gold braiding on the
dialog: cuffs...
speaker_heading: CORNWALLIS
text: It's a horse blanket.
dialog: (to Major Halbert)
dialog: First my personal baggage, then half
dialog: the bridges and ferries between here
dialog: and Charleston burned, a dozen
dialog: convoys attacked. Colonel, if you
dialog: can't secure our supply line against
dialog: militia, how do you expect to do so
dialog: against Colonial regulars or the
dialog: French when they come?
speaker_heading: COLONEL HALBERT
dialog: Sir, they're not like regulars, we
dialog: can't find them and we don't know
dialog: when or where they're going to
dialog: strike.
speaker_heading: CORNWALLIS
dialog: How impolite. And who leads these
dialog: clever, secretive fellows?
speaker_heading: COLONEL HALBERT
dialog: We don't know, sir. He's called,
dialog: the Commander by some, the Swamp Fox
dialog: by others.
speaker_heading: CORNWALLIS
dialog: Colonel, I'm a civilized man but I'm
dialog: finding to difficult to remain
dialog: civil. Secure my supply line.
speaker_heading: COLONEL HALBERT
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: Cornwallis looks at his reflection with dismay, sighs and
text: strides out. Tarleton, amused, follows.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMDEN STREET - NIGHT
text: At the far end of town Marion, Gabriel, Billings, Dalton,
text: Scott and several other men slip through the shadows into
text: an alley. The lights from the ball shine from down the
text: street and the MUSICAL STRAINS of a MINUET drift to them
text: through the night.
scene_heading: EXT. ARMORY - NIGHT
text: A block-like building on the far edge of town. A pair of
text: REDCOATS stand guard. A PAIR OF DRUNKEN REDCOATS stagger
text: out of a side-street, SINGING A MUMBLING SONG. The
text: Redcoat guards look at the drunk Redcoats enviously.
speaker_heading: REDCOAT GUARD
dialog: Hey, what you got there?
text: The drunken Redcoats look up, bringing their faces into
text: the light -- THE DRUNKEN REDCOATS ARE BILLINGS AND DALTON.
speaker_heading: BILLINGS
dialog: We got our own little party...
speaker_heading: DALTON
dialog: To hell with the officers and their
dialog: fancy dress ball...
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Give us a nip, here.
text: Billings and Dalton walk over to the Redcoats guards. As
text: the guards reach for the bottles, Billings SLAMS one of
text: the guards back against the building...
text: Dalton DRAWS A KNIFE and PLUNGES IT into the second
text: guard's belly and HACKS HIM OPEN...
text: Dalton shoves Billings out of the way, SLITS THE OTHER
text: GUARD'S THROAT. Billings is taken aback by the speed and
dialog: ferocity of Dalton's attack...
text: Marion and Scott duck into the shadows of the doorway,
text: pull out hammer-less carving chisels and quickly and
text: silently start gouging out the wood around the hinges of
text: the heavy door.
text: Billings and Dalton take the posts of the guards while the
text: other men drag the bodies of the real guards out of sight.
text: Everything appears as it should.
scene_heading: INT. BALLROOM - NIGHT
text: Grand. Opulent. Cornwallis speaks with a small gathering
text: of loyalist civilians, among whom is the spectacular MRS.
text: TALBOT, who wears a daring dress that reveals an enormous
text: expanse of bosom. At her side stands her toady of a
dialog: husband, MR. TALBOT.
scene_heading: MRS. TALBOT
dialog: No! The beasts took your dogs, as
dialog: well?
speaker_heading: CORNWALLIS
dialog: Fine animals, a gift from His
dialog: Majesty. Dead now, for all I know.
scene_heading: MRS. TALBOT
dialog: Is there no decency?
speaker_heading: MR. TALBOT
dialog: Among the rebels? We know the
dialog: answer to that.
speaker_heading: CORNWALLIS
dialog: Yes, we have learned.
scene_heading: INT./ EXT. CAMDEN ARMORY - NIGHT
text: Marion and Scott shove their chisels through the door
text: which falls away from the hinges. They all duck inside
text: finding barrels and casks of gunpowder, boxes of weapons
text: and hundreds of muskets.
text: Gabriel and the others load themselves up with the best of
text: the weapons as Marion opens a cask and pours a trail of
text: gunpowder across the floor.
scene_heading: EXT. BALCONY - CAMDEN INN - NIGHT
text: Cornwallis, taking the night air with Mrs. Talbot, gazes
text: at the moon, achieving the calculated effect.
scene_heading: MRS. TALBOT
dialog: You seem far away.
speaker_heading: CORNWALLIS
dialog: It's the weight of command and the
dialog: lot of a widower -- memories,
dialog: loneliness...
dialog: (with a self-
dialog: deprecating laugh)
text: ... and long gazes at the moon.
text: Mrs. Talbot sympathetically sighs and touches her
text: fingertips to her heart which is conveniently located
text: inches above her stunning cleavage.
scene_heading: MRS. TALBOT
dialog: Oh, you poor man...
text: A MASSIVE EXPLOSION LIGHTS UP THE NIGHT as a FIREBALL
text: erupts from the armory. British officers, including Major
text: Halbert and Tarleton, RUSH OUT along with Mr. Talbot and
text: other Loyalist civilians.
speaker_heading: MAJOR HALBERT
dialog: Good God!
text: Mr. Talbot tears his eyes from the flames and looks at
text: his wife, clinging to Cornwallis' arm.
speaker_heading: MR. TALBOT
text: These rebels seem to lack fear as
dialog: well as decency, eh, General?
text: Cornwallis registers the insult, glances at the hapless
text: Major Halbert, then turns to Tarleton.
speaker_heading: CORNWALLIS
dialog: Colonel Tarleton, you deal with
dialog: these damned rebels.
speaker_heading: TARLETON
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: Tarleton smiles grimly and strides off the balcony.
scene_heading: EXT. VIEW OF PEMBROKE VILLAGE - DAY
text: The village of Pembroke lies nestled in a valley,
text: surrounded by tilled fields and small farms.
scene_heading: EXT. PEMBROKE VILLAGE - DAY
text: Forty of Marion's men water their horses. Marion, with
text: the two Great Danes at his side, speaks with PETER GREEN,
text: a middle-aged storekeeper with a marked limp.
speaker_heading: GREEN
dialog: ... four baskets of apples, salt
dialog: pork, sweet potatoes, jerky, hard
dialog: tack, salt and powder. It's not
dialog: much, but I'll get you more.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: We can't pay for this...
speaker_heading: GREEN
dialog: I'll give you what I can, when I
dialog: can. You pay me what you can.
text: Green's daughter, ANNE, very attractive, around sixteen,
text: joins them. Gabriel sees her and sidles over.
speaker_heading: GREEN
dialog: Francis, you remember my daughter,
dialog: Anne.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Nice to see you again, Anne.
text: Gabriel clears his throat. Anne looks at him coolly.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: I know who you are, Gabriel Marion.
dialog: The last time I saw you, I was nine
dialog: and you put ink in my tea.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: I... uh... that wasn't me, it was
dialog: Samuel... I mean Nathan...
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: It was you and it turned my teeth
text: black for a month.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Uh... uh... I...
speaker_heading: GREEN
dialog: He's sorry. Come.
text: Green heads across the square where some townspeople are
text: giving Marion's men provisions. Anne and Gabriel follow.
text: Marion turns to some waiting men, new recruits.
text: Billings, nearby, reads A POSTED BROADSHEET that
dialog: announces: "Reward Offered: For the capture or death of
dialog: the rebel known as 'The Swamp Fox'".
text: He tears it down and walks over to Marion.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: ... and your terms of enlistment
dialog: will be month-to-month. Every
dialog: thirty days you can re-enlist or
dialog: return to your families.
text: REED, the sturdiest of the lot offers his hand to Marion.
speaker_heading: REED
dialog: I'm in.
text: The others nod in agreement.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Talk to Abner and Scott about
text: provisions, powder and mounts.
text: The recruits head off. Billings hands Marion the wanted
text: poster which Marion glances at and crumbles up.
speaker_heading: BILLINGS
dialog: Twenty men here, seventeen in New
dialog: Brighton, a dozen along the Black
dialog: River. We'll pass three hundred by
dialog: week's end if this keeps up.
text: ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE SQUARE
text: Gabriel and several of Marion's men take supplies from
text: Green, Anne, and some other townspeople. Gabriel looks at
dialog: Anne.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: If I'd known you were going to look
dialog: like this, I never would have put
dialog: ink in your tea.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: You call that a compliment?
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: It's a start.
text: She gives him a bit of a smile. He checks out her teeth.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: They look nice. As white as can be.
text: She tries to glare but she can't help but laugh.
text: MARION AND BILLINGS watch as Anne gives Gabriel some
text: apples which he tosses into the air, one-by-one, catching
text: them behind his back, a cocky move, executed with a
text: disarming smile that makes Anne laugh again. Marion
text: smiles at his son's flirtation. Billings smiles as well.
speaker_heading: BILLINGS
dialog: He reminds me of you before you got
text: old and ugly.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: (softly)
dialog: No, he takes after his mother...
text: Billings is taken aback by the gentleness of Marion's
dialog: words.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: ... the younger ones barely remember
dialog: her but Gabriel spent more time with
dialog: Elizabeth... she taught him well,
dialog: guided him, she was his North Star
dialog: and mine... her father was a
dialog: minister, in Boston, did you know
dialog: that?
text: Billings nods.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: ... Gabriel's already a better man
dialog: than I could ever hope to be...
text: Marion hears himself and pulls his eyes from Gabriel,
text: adopting a coarse, joking tone.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: What do you mean, old and ugly?
speaker_heading: BILLINGS
dialog: You got me beat on both accounts.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: The hell I do.
text: They mount up, grateful to leave the sincerity behind.
text: Gabriel sees Marion and his men starting to ride off. He
text: says goodbye to Anne, then RUNS TO HIS HORSE, MOUNTING
text: WITH A DRAMATIC LEAP. He GALLOPS up, taking his place at
text: his father's side. Marion doesn't turn to look at him,
text: but he knows he's there.
scene_heading: EXT. CAROLINA ROAD - DAY
text: A patchwork of fields with a village visible in the
text: distance. The ROLLINS BOYS, 10 and 12, work a field,
text: harvesting grain. Hearing the SOUND OF HORSES' HOOVES,
text: they stop and listen.
text: Then they see a CLOUD OF DUST rising over the ridge line.
text: Growing excited, they throw down their scythes and race
text: down the hillside, madly stumbling and falling, trying to
text: intersect the approaching sound.
text: At the bottom of the hill they pass their father, BEN
text: ROLLINS, who watches his sons plant themselves on the side
text: of the road, gazing in awe at:
text: MARION AND HIS MEN, THUNDERING BY. They're an impressive
text: sight, a hundred-and-fifty heavily armed men, on powerful
text: mounts, raising a cloud of dust as they gallop down the
dialog: road.
scene_heading: EXT. CHARLESTON ROAD - DAY
text: Marion and forty of his men, including Gabriel, sit on
text: their motionless horses in the middle of the road. There
text: are a number of new faces among Marion's men, among them
text: Ben Rollins. Gabriel is lost in thought.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Gabriel? Are you asleep?
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: We're low on salt. I should go to
dialog: Pembroke and get some.
speaker_heading: BILLINGS
dialog: You got salt last week.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Oh, right.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Baking powder, we need baking
dialog: powder.
speaker_heading: BILLINGS
dialog: We've got plenty of baking powder.
dialog: You went to Pembroke and got five
dialog: pounds two weeks ago.
text: Gabriel sighs. They hear a SOUND APPROACHING, then see
text: two British wagons round a curve with a guard of only SIX
text: REDCOATS, commanded by a REDCOAT SERGEANT. The Redcoat
text: Sergeant signals stop.
speaker_heading: REDCOAT SERGEANT
dialog: Halt. Look alive, boys.
text: The young Redcoat privates nervously UNSHOULDER THEIR
text: MUSKETS.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Sergeant, this road is closed.
dialog: Those wagons now belong to the
dialog: Continental Army.
speaker_heading: REDCOAT SERGEANT
dialog: Ready arms! By twos!
text: Marion's surprised by the Sergeant's order.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Sergeant, there's no reason for you
dialog: and your men to die. Just leave the
dialog: wagons and go.
speaker_heading: REDCOAT SERGEANT
dialog: Steady, boys...
text: Marion sighs and lets loose with a PIERCING WHISTLE. The
text: underbrush parts and more of Marion's men show themselves,
text: MUSKETS LEVELED at the outnumbered Redcoats.
speaker_heading: REDCOAT SERGEANT
dialog: This is the King's highway and I
dialog: advise you and your men to make way.
dialog: (to his men)
dialog: Prepare to fire.
text: Marion exchanges a look with Rev. Oliver who, like Marion,
text: doesn't want to kill these men. Seeing no other option,
text: Marion turns to give the order, then stops, hearing a
scene_heading: FAINT BARELY DETECTABLE, RUMBLING SOUND...
text: A moment later Brother Joseph hears it as well... HORSES
text: HOOVES, LOTS OF THEM, growing louder by the second,
text: THUNDERING toward them from the road behind the British
dialog: wagons...
text: Then, the SOUND OF MORE HORSES, coming in fast on both
dialog: flanks.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: It's a trap...
text: The canvas sides of the British wagons are THROWN UP and
text: DOZENS OF REDCOATS, armed with muskets, spill out...
text: Marion's unmounted men run to their horses, LEAPING into
dialog: their saddles...
text: Then GREEN DRAGOONS appear, galloping down the wooded
text: slopes on both flanks, astonishing horsemen, weaving
text: through the trees without slacking their pace, SWORDS
scene_heading: DRAWN, PISTOLS PRIMED...
speaker_heading: REDCOAT SERGEANT
speaker_heading: FIRE!
text: A THUNDEROUS VOLLEY ERUPTS from the Redcoat infantry,
text: KILLING several of Marion's men...
text: Marion's men FIRE BACK from their BUCKING MOUNTS, most of
text: their shots going awry...
text: Behind the British wagons, a huge detachment of GREEN
text: DRAGOONS appears, TARLETON among them...
text: MARION SEES THE DRAGOONS BUT NOT TARLETON HIMSELF...
text: MARION AND HIS MEN spur their mounts, taking off down the
text: road in the opposite direction...
text: The FLANKING BODIES OF DRAGOONS gallop out of the woods,
text: JOINING THE MAIN BODY, riding in hard pursuit...
scene_heading: EXT. WOODED ROAD - DAY
text: Marion and his men GALLOP down the road. The much larger
text: body of Green Dragoons THUNDER after them.
scene_heading: EXT. BLACK SWAMP ROAD - DAY
text: Marion and his men ride along a raised road that drops off
text: into Black Swamp on either side...
text: They ROUND A CURVE AND STOP, reining back their horses in
dialog: confusion as they see:
text: FIFTY GREEN DRAGOONS heading straight toward them...
text: THE DRAGOONS OPEN FIRE from both directions, KILLING
text: several more of Marion's men, WOUNDING others...
text: Marion's men FIRE BACK as best they can, caught in the
text: CHAOS OF BUCKING AND FALLING HORSES and WOUNDED AND
scene_heading: DISMOUNTED MEN...
text: They remount, doubling-up with the wounded...
text: MARION sees an unaided wounded man. LEAPS FROM HIS
text: HORSE, heaves him onto his horse, slaps it...
text: Marion's men head off both sides of the road into the
text: swamp, struggling with their mounts as they hit the knee-
dialog: deep water...
text: Marion on foot with four men, only three horses... A
text: DRAGOON, aiming his pistol, THUNDERS down on Marion...
text: MARION FIRES, killing the Dragoon...
text: Marion's men mount, one motions to Marion...
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: GO!
text: Marion's men ride off, leaving him ALONE... a Dragoon is
text: almost on him, SWORD RAISED. Marion, his weapon spent,
text: sees a thick branch on the ground, two feet long... grabs
dialog: it...
text: The sword flashes and SINKS DEEPLY INTO THE WOOD... Marion
text: YANKS, brings the rider off his horse, grabs the reins and
text: SWINGS HIMSELF UP INTO THE EMPTY SADDLE. Marion rides
text: down the embankment...
text: The Dragoons rein back, slowed by the dead horses and men.
text: They spur their reluctant mounts over the bodies and
text: follow Marion and his men into the swamp...
scene_heading: EXT. BLACK SWAMP - DAY
text: MARION RIDES HARD, galloping along a circuitous, barely
text: visible dry trail... A MOMENT LATER, Tarleton and Green
text: Dragoons follow...
scene_heading: EXT. DEEP IN THE SWAMPS - EVENING
text: MARION CATCHES UP to a dozen of his men, including Gabriel
text: and Billings. Several of the men are badly wounded,
text: barely clinging to their saddles...
text: They ride through the shallow water, get to a fork, SPLIT
text: UP. As they disappear into the swamp, the sounds of their
text: horses are swallowed up in the LOUD BUZZING OF SWAMP
text: INSECTS and the CRIES OF THE SWAMP BIRDS...
text: A moment later, Tarleton and the vanguard of Dragoons ride
text: up. Tarleton signals stop at the fork...
text: Looks... nothing. Listens... nothing. Chooses a path,
text: the one Marion took. Rides off, the Dragoons following...
scene_heading: EXT. DEEPER IN THE SWAMPS - NIGHT
text: Darker still. Tarleton and his men come to a dead end,
text: blocked by a heavy tangle of huge swamp ferns and thorn
dialog: bushes.
text: They rein back their horses, stopping in a confused mess.
text: Tarleton calls to Gaskins and the Loyalist scouts.
speaker_heading: TARLETON
dialog: Which way?
speaker_heading: GASKINS
dialog: This way... no this... I think...
text: Tarleton makes his own choice... rides off... the Green
text: Dragoons follow, the Loyalists bring up the rear.
scene_heading: EXT. SWAMP MORASS - NIGHT
text: Tarleton and his mounted Dragoons struggle through a
text: nearly impassable morass of swamp-grass, reeds and
text: swarming mosquitoes...
text: The exhausted Dragoons are wet, covered with mud, and
text: bleeding from swamp briars. The horses are spent and
dialog: foaming...
text: Tarleton struggles harder than any, but finally even he
text: has had enough. He reins back his horse.
speaker_heading: TARLETON
speaker_heading: HALT!
text: Tarleton glares into the impenetrable darkness of plant-
dialog: choked water and swamp...
speaker_heading: TARLETON
dialog: Enough of this. There are other
dialog: ways to run down a fox.
text: Tarleton yanks on his reins, turns his horse and starts
text: back the way they came. His grateful men turn their
dialog: horses and follow.
text: IN THE UNDERGROWTH, Marion, Gabriel, Billings and three
text: badly wounded men, with only four horses between them,
dialog: calm their mounts...
text: They can hear, but not see the Dragoons. Then, through
text: the thick undergrowth, MARION CATCHES A GLIMPSE OF
text: TARLETON...
text: Gabriel, tending the wounded men, sees his father lock his
text: eyes on Tarleton...
text: Marion quickly opens his weapons pouch and pulls out one
text: of the bullets he made from Thomas' lead soldiers.
text: Walking to his horse, Marion loads...
text: Marion mounts, scanning the terrain, planning a route...
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Father, no...
text: As Marion spurs his horse to ride after Tarleton, Gabriel
text: grabs the bridle. He YANKS HARD, stopping Marion's horse
text: dead. THE HORSE BUCKS, nearly throwing Marion...
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: That's him. Tarleton.
text: MARION SPURS THE HORSE which tries to respond but is
text: JERKED BACK AGAIN by Gabriel. Marion angrily turns on his
dialog: son...
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Damn you! Let go!
text: Gabriel looks up at his father, never loosening his iron
text: grip on the bridles but speaking softly, almost
dialog: pleadingly:
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Father, please...
text: Marion looks down at Gabriel. Then Marion looks over at
text: Billings and the three wounded men...
text: One bleeds from an ugly neck wound... their shared mounts
dialog: are nearly spent...
text: Marion takes a last look in the direction of the departing
text: Tarleton. Then he dismounts and hurries over to help the
text: wounded. Gabriel watches his father for a moment, then
text: joins him with the wounded.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODED GLEN - NIGHT
text: Dark. Marion and his battered men gather, taking stock.
text: Men drift in, mounted and on foot in ones and twos, past
text: wary sentries. GABRIEL RIDES UP, dismounts and reports to
text: Marion, out of earshot of the other men.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Fourteen dead, eleven wounded,
dialog: eighteen captured.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: I should have killed him when I had
dialog: the chance?
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: When was that? In the swamp at the
dialog: expense of your men? Or when he
dialog: killed Thomas at the expense of your
dialog: family?
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: No...
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Or perhaps tomorrow at the expense
dialog: of our cause.
text: Marion is silent.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: There will be a time and a place for
dialog: revenge but killing Tarleton at the
dialog: expense of your duty serves no one
dialog: but yourself.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Stay the course.
text: The parental-sounding formality of Gabriel's words brings
text: a thin smile to Marion's face.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Stay the course... your mother used
dialog: to say that to me when I'd get drunk
dialog: or lose my temper.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: She'd say it to me when I picked on
dialog: Thomas or Nathan.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: You learned her lessons better than
dialog: I.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: She got me at a more impressionable
dialog: age.
text: Marion smiles, nods a silent thanks to his son and heads
text: over to help with the wounded.
scene_heading: EXT. MARION'S ENCAMPMENT - NIGHT
text: A cold, winter rain falls. Most of Marion's grim men are
text: huddled in lean-to's and around campfires. Green and
text: several other Pembroke townspeople unload a wagon of
text: supplies while Marion, Scott and Fielding stow the
dialog: provisions.
text: Gabriel and Anne sit at a fire, under the cover of a lean-
text: to, taking quietly. He's troubled. She tries to be
dialog: hopeful.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Next time we'll bring more blankets.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: That would be nice.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Maybe we'll be lucky this winter and
dialog: have just rain, no snow.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: That would be nice, too.
text: She takes a pot off the campfire and pours him a cup of
dialog: tea.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Just because the French didn't come
dialog: this fall, doesn't mean they're
dialog: never going to come.
text: He nods and takes a drink of the tea. She smiles.
text: Gabriel smiles back to her, revealing a mouthful of ink-
text: stained, black teeth. Before she has time to laugh...
text: ROLLINS RIDES HARD INTO CAMP. Marion hurries over,
text: accompanied by the Great Danes. The other men gather
dialog: around.
speaker_heading: ROLLINS
dialog: They're to be hung!
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: But they're prisoners-of-war!
text: Marion isn't as surprised as Gabriel. He is, however,
text: taken aback by Gabriel's black teeth. Gabriel notices
text: everyone looking at his mouth.
text: Anne is embarrassed and regretful, seeing her joke fly in
text: the face of the troubling news.
scene_heading: EXT. FORT CAROLINA - DAY
text: A REDCOAT SENTRY sees a lone figure on horseback ride out
text: of distant woods. It's Rev. Oliver, carrying a white flag
text: with one hand, holding a dispatch case in the other. The
text: sentry calls to the Commander of the Watch.
speaker_heading: REDCOAT SENTRY
dialog: Sir.
scene_heading: INT. CORNWALLIS' HEADQUARTERS - FORT CAROLINA - DAY
text: A temporary HQ has been set up in a commandeered
text: farmhouse. Cornwallis stands uncomfortably while a tailor
text: measures him and marks alterations on a partially
text: completed uniform. Tarleton enters.
speaker_heading: TARLETON
dialog: General, a message from the
text: commander of the rebel militia.
text: Cornwallis reads the message.
speaker_heading: CORNWALLIS
dialog: It seems our Swamp Fox wants to have
text: a formal parley.
speaker_heading: TARLETON
dialog: Are you going to meet with him?
speaker_heading: CORNWALLIS
dialog: Most certainly. Arrange it.
scene_heading: EXT. CAROLINA ROAD - DAY
text: Marion rides, trailed by Cornwallis' Great Danes. Behind
text: him, two dozen heavily armed Patriots, including Rev.
text: Oliver who carries a white flag.
text: A detachment of Redcoat Cavalry, lead by Major Halbert,
text: waits. The Redcoats fall in on either side. They ride
dialog: on.
scene_heading: EXT. FORT CAROLINA - DAY
text: Redcoat sentries see the approaching Patriots and Redcoats
text: and open the gates. Billings and the other Patriots stop,
text: a hundred yards outside the barricades.
text: MARION alone rides through the gates, flanked by the
text: British cavalry, the Great Danes following closely behind.
scene_heading: INT. CORNWALLIS' HEADQUARTERS - DAY
text: Major Halbert ushers Marion in. The Great Danes follow
text: sniffing curiously, sensing something or someone.
speaker_heading: MAJOR HALBERT
dialog: Lord Cornwallis will be with you
dialog: presently.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: MAJOR HALBERT
dialog: You may, of course, keep your
dialog: weapons, but I must warn you that...
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: I'm familiar with appropriate
text: behavior at a military parley.
speaker_heading: MAJOR HALBERT
dialog: Yes, quite, but you should know
dialog: that...
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: That will be all, Major. I'll wait
dialog: for Lord Cornwallis.
speaker_heading: MAJOR HALBERT
dialog: (coldly)
dialog: Yes... you will wait.
text: Major Halbert turns and starts to stride out.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: One other thing.
text: Major Halbert stops.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: The proper form of address to a
dialog: superior officer, even one of an
dialog: opposing army, is "Yes, sir."
text: Major Halbert sneers and strides from the room. MARION
text: ALONE, EXCEPT FOR THE DOGS, allows himself a fleeting
text: smile. Then he looks around the room. He notes a rocking
text: chair. Curious, he hefts it. Too heavy. He puts it
text: down, sits and rocks. The dogs walk over and lay at his
dialog: feet.
scene_heading: INT. CORNWALLIS' HEADQUARTERS - DAY (LATER)
text: Marion patiently sits rocking. One of the dogs has its
text: head in his lap and Marion scratches it behind the ears.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. CORNWALLIS' HEADQUARTERS - DAY
text: A stone-faced Marion stands in the center of the room,
text: playing with the dogs. One of the dogs jumps up, putting
text: its front legs on Marion's shoulders, and licks his face.
text: Just then, Cornwallis walks in, overjoyed to see his dogs.
speaker_heading: CORNWALLIS
dialog: Jupiter! Mars!
text: The dogs just look at Cornwallis. He holds out his arms,
text: waiting for them to rush to him. They look up at Marion
text: who nods to them.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Go.
text: The dogs run to Cornwallis and nuzzle him in a friendly
text: but not enthusiastic manner. Cornwallis pats them
text: vigorously, too vigorously for the moderate level of joy
text: the dogs are showing at their reunion.
speaker_heading: CORNWALLIS
dialog: My boys... my boys... you seem to
dialog: have been well fed. Thank you for
dialog: that, Colonel.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: My pleasure, sir.
speaker_heading: CORNWALLIS
dialog: Please forgive me for keeping you
dialog: waiting.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Apology accepted.
speaker_heading: CORNWALLIS
dialog: Thank you, Colonel... I'm afraid I
dialog: don't know your name.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Colonel will do.
speaker_heading: CORNWALLIS
dialog: As you wish.
text: TARLETON ENTERS with four Dragoons, all armed...
text: Marion freezes...
text: Marion and Tarleton lock eyes. Marion searches for some
text: sign that Tarleton recognizes him. There's none.
speaker_heading: CORNWALLIS
dialog: Colonel... Colonel Banastre
dialog: Tarleton.
text: Tarleton nods.
speaker_heading: TARLETON
dialog: Colonel.
text: Marion, like ice, looks Tarleton up and down. Then he
text: slowly turns and looks at the four Dragoons, two on either
text: side of Tarleton. Marion measures the odds and finds them
dialog: wanting.
text: With a supreme effort of will, Marion forces himself to
text: turn from Tarleton to Cornwallis and the matter at hand.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Shall we proceed?
speaker_heading: CORNWALLIS
dialog: Let us. Unless you object, I would
dialog: like to deem this meeting a formal
dialog: negotiation and, as such, there are
dialog: certain customary practices.
dialog: Perhaps I could explain them to
dialog: you...
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: I'm familiar with how a formal
dialog: negotiation is handled.
speaker_heading: CORNWALLIS
dialog: Oh?
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: I served in His Majesty's army in
dialog: the French and Indian War.
speaker_heading: CORNWALLIS
dialog: Oh. Very well, then. Would you, as
dialog: the initiating party, like to begin?
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Unless you would like to claim
dialog: aggrieved status.
text: Cornwallis is surprised. He exchanges a look with
dialog: Tarleton.
speaker_heading: CORNWALLIS
dialog: You are familiar with how these
dialog: things are done. In fact, I would
dialog: like to claim aggrieved status.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Very well, proceed, sir.
speaker_heading: CORNWALLIS
dialog: First, you have in your possession
dialog: certain belongings of mine,
dialog: including clothing, private papers,
dialog: furniture and personal effects of a
dialog: non-military nature which I would
dialog: like to have returned to me.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: I will do so as soon as possible.
text: Cornwallis is surprised.
speaker_heading: CORNWALLIS
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Please accept my apology for not
dialog: having done so sooner.
speaker_heading: CORNWALLIS
dialog: Apology accepted. Now, on the
dialog: matter of the specific targeting of
dialog: officers during engagements, this is
dialog: absolutely unacceptable.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: That one is a bit more difficult.
speaker_heading: CORNWALLIS
dialog: Certainly you must know that in
dialog: civilized warfare, officers in the
dialog: field must not be accorded
dialog: inappropriate levels of hostile
dialog: attention.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: And what are inappropriate levels of
dialog: hostile attention?
speaker_heading: CORNWALLIS
dialog: Colonel, imagine the utter chaos
dialog: that would result from un-led armies
dialog: having at each other. There must be
dialog: gentlemen in command to lead and,
dialog: when appropriate, restrain their
dialog: men.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Restrain them from the targeting of
dialog: civilians, including women and
dialog: children?
speaker_heading: CORNWALLIS
dialog: That is a separate issue.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: I consider them linked.
speaker_heading: CORNWALLIS
dialog: I beg to differ. One is a command
dialog: decision on your part. The other
dialog: represents nothing more than the
text: occasional over-exuberance of field
text: officers attempting to carry out
dialog: their duty in difficult
dialog: circumstances.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: As long as your soldiers attack
dialog: civilians, I will order the shooting
dialog: of your officers at the outset of
dialog: every engagement.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And my men are excellent marksmen.
text: Cornwallis sighs.
speaker_heading: CORNWALLIS
dialog: Very well, let us move on to...
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Prisoner exchange.
speaker_heading: CORNWALLIS
dialog: Sir?
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: You have eighteen of my men. I want
dialog: them back.
speaker_heading: CORNWALLIS
dialog: I do have eighteen criminals under
dialog: sentence of death, but I hold no
dialog: prisoners-of-war.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: If that's your position, then
dialog: eighteen of your officers will die.
dialog: Nineteen, if you hang me with my
dialog: men.
speaker_heading: CORNWALLIS
dialog: What officers?
text: Marion steps to the window, checks the view. A wooded
text: hillside is visible in the distance. Marion reaches into
dialog: his jacket...
text: The Dragoons move on him...
text: Marion extracts not a weapon, but a spyglass, which he
dialog: hands to Cornwallis.
speaker_heading: MARION
text: In the clearing, just down from the
text: crest, to the left of the dark
dialog: pines...
text: Cornwallis looks through the spyglass.
text: VIEW THROUGH THE SPYGLASS
text: Though difficult to see clearly through the shimmering
text: haze, Cornwallis can just make out a row of bound Redcoat
text: officers, with Patriot soldiers holding muskets at their
dialog: heads.
text: CORNWALLIS turns coldly to Marion.
speaker_heading: CORNWALLIS
dialog: Their names, ranks and posts?
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: They refused to give me their names.
dialog: Their ranks are nine lieutenants,
dialog: five captains, three majors and one
dialog: fat colonel who called me a cheeky
dialog: fellow. Their posts? We picked
dialog: them up here-and-there last night.
text: Cornwallis glares at Marion.
speaker_heading: CORNWALLIS
dialog: You are not a gentleman.
text: Marion can't help but laugh at the insult.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: If your conduct is the measure of a
dialog: gentleman, I take that as a
dialog: compliment.
dialog: (coldly)
dialog: Get my men.
text: Cornwallis turns to Colonel Huntington.
speaker_heading: CORNWALLIS
dialog: Arrange the exchange.
text: Colonel Huntington leaves to do so.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Thank you, General. I'm sure your
dialog: officers will thank you, as well.
text: Marion salutes Cornwallis who doesn't return the salute.
text: THEN MARION TURNS TO TARLETON. He walks up to him and
text: looks him in the eye.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: You don't remember me, do you?
text: Tarleton examines Marion's face, finding him familiar, but
text: unable to place him... then Tarleton remembers...
speaker_heading: TARLETON
dialog: Ah, yes, that boy.
text: Tarleton calmly holds Marion's glare.
speaker_heading: TARLETON
dialog: Ugly business, doing one's duty.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Yes, ugly business.
text: Marion takes a step closer to Tarleton, then speaks very
text: softly, very slowly, very clearly.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: If you are alive when this war is
dialog: over, I'm going to kill you.
text: Marion locks his eyes on Tarleton to make it perfectly
text: clear that he means what he says. Tarleton tries to cover
text: his reaction but it's apparent that he's taken aback by
text: Marion's icy words.
text: Marion turns and walks out. The two Great Danes start to
text: follow, but Cornwallis SNAPS A COMMAND:
speaker_heading: CORNWALLIS
dialog: Jupiter! Mars!
text: THE DOGS FREEZE, looking after Marion, who doesn't turn
text: back. The dogs reluctantly sidle over to Cornwallis'
dialog: side.
scene_heading: EXT. ASSEMBLY YARD - FORT CAROLINA - DAY
text: Redcoats glare at Marion who sits, mounted, waiting. His
text: eighteen men are led out of the prison blockhouse and
text: directed to waiting horses. Surprised to be freed, they
dialog: mount up.
text: CORNWALLIS AND TARLETON step out onto the front porch of
text: Cornwallis' headquarters and watch as Marion and his men
text: ride toward the gate.
text: THE TWO GREAT DANES, watch Marion from Cornwallis' side.
text: Cornwallis motions to the Redcoat Sentries to OPEN THE
text: GATES. They do so and Marion and his men, without
text: hurrying, ride out.
text: Then, just as the gates are closing behind him, Marion,
text: without turning around, lets loose with a PIERCING
text: WHISTLE...
text: THE TWO GREAT DANES INSTANTLY RACE AFTER MARION, making it
text: through the gates just as they're closing.
text: CORNWALLIS, seeing his dogs run after Marion, SPUTTERS,
text: then turns and storms back into his quarters.
text: TARLETON, still off-balance from Marion's parting
text: statement, watches Marion ride away. Then he turns to
text: Major Wilkins who stands nearby.
speaker_heading: TARLETON
dialog: Take a detachment and go get our
dialog: officers.
text: Wilkins hurries off.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLSIDE CLEARING - ABOVE FORT CAROLINA - DAY
text: Major Wilkins and a detachment of Green Dragoons ride up
text: the wooded slope toward the bound Redcoat officers that
text: Cornwallis saw through the spyglass. As the Dragoons ride
text: out of the trees into the clearing they stop dead, seeing
dialog: that:
text: THE "REDCOAT OFFICERS" are not real -- they're nothing
text: more than SCARECROWS IN REDCOAT UNIFORMS. There's no sign
dialog: of Marion or his men.
scene_heading: INT. CORNWALLIS' HEADQUARTERS - FORT CAROLINA - DAY
text: CLOSE SHOT: One of the "Redcoat Officers," stuffed with
text: straw is thrown onto Cornwallis' desk by Tarleton.
text: Cornwallis looks at the scarecrow, then turns to Tarleton.
speaker_heading: CORNWALLIS
dialog: This fox believes himself clever.
dialog: We shall see.
scene_heading: EXT. POND BLUFF - DAY
text: Tarleton and Wilkins wait while Green Dragoons and
text: Loyalists search the remains of Marion's house and barn.
text: Gaskins, filthy from the ashes, walks up to Tarleton.
speaker_heading: GASKINS
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: WILKINS
dialog: No one's been here for months.
speaker_heading: TARLETON
dialog: But now we have a name for our
dialog: Colonel... Francis Marion. And with
dialog: a name will come a family.
scene_heading: EXT. CHARLOTTE'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: A thick ground fog surrounds Charlotte's house. The soft
text: lights of candles glow in the windows. All appears
dialog: peaceful.
text: Then, the SHADOWED FIGURES of THREE DOZEN GREEN DRAGOONS
text: appear out of the mist, silently approaching the house on
dialog: foot.
scene_heading: INT. CHARLOTTE'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: A fire crackles in the fireplace. A curtain blows in the
text: open window. THE DOOR BURSTS OPEN. WINDOWS BREAK. Green
text: Dragoons pour into the house, muskets brandished. No sign
text: of occupants. CAPTAIN MORROW barks a command:
scene_heading: CAPTAIN MORROW
speaker_heading: UPSTAIRS!
text: The Dragoons THUNDER UP THE STAIRS... Tarleton and Wilkins
text: stride in, watching the search... the parlor... nothing...
text: The kitchen... food is cooking...
text: The dining room... the table is set, half-eaten food is on
text: the plates, abandoned in mid-meal. TARLETON WALKS INTO
text: THE DINING ROOM, touches some of the food, gauging its
dialog: warmth.
speaker_heading: TARLETON
dialog: They can't be far. Check the
text: outbuildings and the woods.
text: The Dragoons race outside.
scene_heading: EXT. CHARLOTTE'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: A TORCH BURNS. A dozen Dragoons light torches off of it
text: and fan out to search. The thick fog turns the torches
text: into diffused, floating balls of light, turning the
text: Dragoons into ghost-like apparitions.
text: CAMERA FOLLOWS ONE OF THE TORCHES, carried by a
text: particularly rough-looking Dragoon who skirts the edge of
text: the underbrush closest to the house. As the torch moves,
text: its flame sends long shadows and shafts of light into the
text: underbrush...
text: The CAMERA STOPS to reveal, in the brush, TWO FACES,
text: GABRIEL AND CHARLOTTE, dark, motionless, watching the
text: search. Behind them, MARION'S OTHER CHILDREN, Nathan,
dialog: Samuel, Margaret, William and Susan...
text: Around them, SEVERAL MORE OF MARION'S MEN, including ABNER
text: BROWN, weapons ready. The moving lights play on their
dialog: faces.
text: AT THE FRONT OF THE HOUSE, the torches converge,
text: illuminating Tarleton who gives the unheard order. The
text: torches fan out and begin SETTING FIRE TO THE HOUSE, BARNS
text: AND OUTBUILDINGS.
text: MARGARET grips Charlotte's arm. Gabriel motions and they
text: all ease back, disappearing into the brush.
scene_heading: EXT. SHANTY TOWN - NIGHT
text: A compound of rude shacks, built of scraps of lumber and
text: rough-hewn logs, stands on the side of the Magpie River.
text: Marion's men wait with the children while Abner, Charlotte
text: and Gabriel, flanked by Aaron and Abigail, Marion's
text: middle-aged, black servants, seen in the opening sequence,
text: talk with several stern-looking, middle-aged, black
speaker_heading: FREEDMEN.
text: The conversation, which is out of the children's earshot,
text: is testy, with one of the middle-aged freedmen
dialog: particularly troubled.
text: Marion's stone-faced children look around, appraising
text: their surroundings, registering the poverty of the shanty
dialog: town.
text: THE DISCUSSION BETWEEN THE GROWN-UPS ends with a guarded
text: exchange of handshakes. Gabriel, Charlotte, Abner, Aaron
text: and Abigail rejoin the children and Marion's men.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
text: It's all set.
text: They follow Aaron, down an alley to A SHACK. Small.
text: Barely standing. The children stop in their tracks,
dialog: knowing this is to be their new home.
text: Charlotte sees their hesitation. She walks up to the
text: little structure, examining it with a critical eye. She
text: looks on the doorway, seeing a single room, a dirt floor,
text: wax-paper instead of glass in the windows, a rude,
text: chimney-less fire-pit against the back wall. She smiles.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: This will do fine.
text: She turns to Aaron and Abigail.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: Thank you.
text: Charlotte walks inside without looking back. The children
text: hesitate, then follow her inside.
scene_heading: INT. SHACK - SHANTY TOWN - NIGHT
text: The children help Aaron and Abigail make beds out of
text: armloads of hay. OUTSIDE, Charlotte and Gabriel talk
text: quietly.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: So he's the one they talk about, the
dialog: Swamp Fox.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: I thought it might be him, the bits
dialog: and pieces we heard, a veteran,
dialog: fought in the French and Indian War,
dialog: knows the swamps.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: They won't stop looking for you and
dialog: the children.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: We'll be alright, here, for now.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: How is he?
text: Gabriel searches for an honest answer.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: I don't know... I'm his son.
text: Gabriel steps over to his saddlebags, opens his pack and
text: pulls out a stack of letters which he hands to Charlotte.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: These are for you and the children.
text: They sense someone behind them.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Why didn't father come?
text: Gabriel is astonished to hear words coming from his
text: heretofore silent sister. Charlotte nods, smiling.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: Speaking for months now.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Why didn't he come?
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: He wanted to, Susan, but he couldn't
text: leave his men.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: He left us.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: I know he did and he's sorry. He'll
dialog: come back as soon as he can.
text: Susan says nothing. Gabriel continues, hopefully.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: There are some letters here from
dialog: him. Some are just to you.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: I don't care. I hate him.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: You don't hate him.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Yes, I do. I hate him and I hope he
dialog: never comes back.
text: Gabriel kneels down and embraces her. She stands coldly
text: with her arms at her sides.
scene_heading: EXT. MARION'S ENCAMPMENT - DAY
text: An astonished Marion talks to Gabriel.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: She spoke? Susan spoke?
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
text: Full sentences. As if she had been
dialog: speaking all along.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: I don't believe it... and I wasn't
dialog: there for it...
text: The cloud passes quickly.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Tell me everything she said, word
dialog: for word.
text: Gabriel hesitates.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: She said... she loves you and misses
dialog: you but she understands why you
dialog: can't be there with her.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: She said that? Oh, my Lord, she said
dialog: that?
text: Gabriel nods.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Isn't that something.
text: Marion shakes his head at the thought, smiling to himself.
text: Gabriel, uncomfortable with the lie, changes the subject.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Father, there's something else I
dialog: need to talk to you about.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Come with me. I'll tell you when we
dialog: get there.
text: Marion nods and curiously follows Gabriel.
scene_heading: EXT. PEMBROKE VILLAGE - NIGHT
text: Dark. The village square is deserted. Marion follows
text: Gabriel into the shadow of the village church. They
text: dismount, tie up their horses and enter the back door of
dialog: the church.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH - PEMBROKE VILLAGE - NIGHT
text: Marion walks in and stops dead. At the altar of the small
text: sanctuary, HALF-A-DOZEN PEOPLE stand with Rev. Oliver. At
text: the center of the tiny gathering is Anne Green, flanked by
dialog: her parents.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Father, I'm looking for a best man.
text: Marion is stunned but recovers quickly.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: I'd be honored.
text: They share a moment, then head down the aisle. Marion
text: greets Anne's parents, shaking hands with her father and
text: bowing to her mother. Abner, at the door, nods that the
text: coast is clear.
speaker_heading: REV. OLIVER
dialog: Dearly beloved, we are gathered here
dialog: in the sight of God to join this man
dialog: and this woman in holy matrimony...
text: MARION feels every word, looking straight ahead but
text: knowing that he's standing next to his son.
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCH - NIGHT
text: In the shadows behind the church, the bride and groom say
text: goodbye to the wedding party. Anne talks quietly with her
text: parents. Marion and Gabriel talk nearby.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Sir, I'd like to request a furlough.
dialog: Two days?
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Granted. Where are you going?
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Cheraw Falls.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: It's beautiful there. Your mother
dialog: and I were there once, before you
dialog: were born.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: I know.
text: They're silent for a moment.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: She would have been pleased.
text: Gabriel nods, then turns to his horse, unnecessarily
text: checking his pack ropes. Anne joins them. Marion
text: embraces her and gives her a fatherly kiss.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: I'm sorry we didn't give you more
dialog: warning.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: It's alright. I'm very happy for
dialog: you.
text: He helps her mount up. Abner, on guard near the road,
text: motions them on. They all watch as Gabriel and Anne ride
dialog: off.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODED ROAD - NIGHT
text: Marion, Rev. Oliver and Abner ride slowly down the road.
text: It's a beautiful, moonlit night. Marion breaks the
text: silence, speaking as much for himself as the others.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: It's a good measure of a woman that
dialog: she'll have her honeymoon under the
dialog: stars.
speaker_heading: REV. OLIVER
dialog: For richer, for poorer, in sickness
dialog: and in health, 'til death do they
dialog: part.
text: Marion nods. They ride on.
scene_heading: EXT. SOUTH CAROLINA SHORE - DAY
text: A British packet, a small, fast warship, lies anchored
text: just offshore. A rowboat, manned by half-a-dozen sailors,
text: carrying a Redcoat Lieutenant, beaches. Several Redcoats
dialog: wait.
text: The Lieutenant, carrying a dispatch case, jumps out off
text: the boat, mounts a waiting horse and rides off.
scene_heading: EXT. SMALL BRITISH FORT - DAY
text: Cornwallis, with his command staff clustered around him,
text: sits on horseback reading the dispatch as the dispatch
text: rider waits. They're on a hillside, looking over the
text: burned-out remains of a small British fort as some
text: Redcoats pull the Union Jack out of a trench latrine.
text: Cornwallis motions Tarleton and they ride a few yards from
text: the other officers and speak, out of earshot.
speaker_heading: CORNWALLIS
dialog: From General Clinton in New York...
dialog: (reading)
dialog: "... your request to move north is
dialog: denied until you have properly dealt
dialog: with your militia problem."
dialog: (aside)
dialog: He underlined, 'militia'.
dialog: (reading)
dialog: "You have spent over six months
text: dealing with a six-week problem. It
dialog: is essential that you quell the
dialog: militia..."
dialog: (aside)
text: Underlined again.
dialog: (reading)
dialog: "... insurgency, particularly
dialog: because of the likely move south of
dialog: Washington and the inevitable
dialog: arrival of the French. Militia, as
dialog: you have so often pointed out, is
dialog: not worth the attention of a
dialog: significant army, hence it is
dialog: mystifying why militia has bedeviled
dialog: you for so long..."
text: Tarleton smiles slightly, enjoying the show.
speaker_heading: CORNWALLIS
dialog: (reading)
dialog: "... it is my fervent hope that the
dialog: vigor of your campaign comes to
dialog: match the vigor of your
dialog: correspondence with your
dialog: Parliamentary and Court patrons.
dialog: Only then might you share in the
dialog: victory, on the verge of which I now
dialog: stand."
dialog: (beat)
dialog: "Your guardedly respectful
dialog: Commander, General Sir George
dialog: Clinton."
text: Cornwallis grows eerily calm and turns to Tarleton.
speaker_heading: CORNWALLIS
dialog: If I fail, you fail.
speaker_heading: TARLETON
dialog: Perhaps.
speaker_heading: CORNWALLIS
dialog: And if I triumph, you triumph.
speaker_heading: TARLETON
dialog: Probably.
speaker_heading: CORNWALLIS
dialog: How can we end this madness?
speaker_heading: TARLETON
dialog: Difficult, sir. This is, as you
dialog: pointed out, a civil war.
text: Cornwallis takes a moment, then speaks simply.
speaker_heading: CORNWALLIS
dialog: Civility is a secondary virtue. It
dialog: is superseded by duty.
speaker_heading: TARLETON
dialog: I understand, sir.
text: Tarleton salutes, yanks his reins, turning his horse, and
text: rides off.
scene_heading: EXT. SMALL FARMHOUSE - SUNSET
text: Tarleton lounges in the grass on a slope in front of a
text: farmhouse, looking out at a lovely sunset, absentmindedly
text: picking at the petals of some wildflowers. A HIDEOUS
text: SCREAM pierces the calm.
text: Tarleton analytically evaluates the tenor of the scream,
text: then rises, passing several Green Dragoons who wait with
text: their horses in front of the farmhouse.
speaker_heading: TARLETON
dialog: I believe they are almost ready.
scene_heading: IN THE FARMHOUSE
text: Blood is smeared on one wall, where half-a-dozen corpses
text: lie in a jumbles mass on the floor.
text: In the parlor, Tarleton walks past more bodies, including
text: a dead woman who lies protectively but ineffectually over
text: the bloody bodies of her two young children, both under
text: eight-years-old.
text: In the kitchen, Tarleton finds Wilkins, some Green
text: Dragoons, and Gaskins, the Loyalist Militia commander and
text: some of his low-life men.
text: Rob Fielding, one of the craftsmen in Marion's force, is
text: tied, spread-eagle to the table, showing the terrible
text: effects of PROTRACTED TORTURE. Wilkins and Gaskins are
text: nervous and apologetic as Tarleton walks into the room.
speaker_heading: GASKINS
dialog: I'm sorry, sir. He died.
text: Tarleton sighs, irritated.
speaker_heading: TARLETON
dialog: Very well, get one of the others.
text: Gaskins and a couple of his men step into an attached
text: woodshed where Billings sits, bound. They roughly grab
text: him and drag him into the kitchen.
speaker_heading: BILLINGS
dialog: Damn your eyes. Do your worst.
speaker_heading: TARLETON
dialog: I intend to.
text: They tie Billings to the table.
scene_heading: INT. SMALL FARMHOUSE - DAY
text: Silence. A tiny rivulet of blood runs along a plank in
text: the floor, disappearing into a gap between two
text: floorboards.
text: Marion, Dalton, Rev. Oliver, and several other men walk
text: slowly through the farmhouse, in stunned silence.
text: Marion sees the body of the mother, draped over her two
text: young children. Marion turns to Rev. Oliver who can only
text: stare, offering no solace.
text: They pass Fielding's body, then enter the kitchen and see
text: BILLINGS, DEAD, still tied to the table. Marion reels.
scene_heading: EXT. SMALL FARMHOUSE - DAY
text: Marion's men dig graves. Marion watches. Dalton steps up
text: next to him.
speaker_heading: DALTON
dialog: You still want me to give wounded
dialog: Redcoats quarter?
text: Marion doesn't answer. Gabriel GALLOPS up. He reins back
text: his lathered horse and speaks to them without dismounting.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Tarleton has a list of our men, most
text: are on it. A regiment of dragoons
dialog: is going to the homes on the list,
dialog: burning them, killing whomever
dialog: resists, women and children, as
dialog: well.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
text: Seven homes along the Black River so
dialog: far...
text: Rollins doesn't pause. He rushes to his horse, mounts up
text: and rides off. Marion and the other men mount up and ride
text: off fast after him.
scene_heading: EXT. BLACK RIVER ROAD - DAY
text: Marion his brigade catch up to Rollins and ride on with
dialog: him.
scene_heading: EXT. ROLLINS' FARM - DAY
text: The small farm seen earlier, surrounded by hills, where
text: the two boys, Rollins' sons ran down the hillside to catch
text: a glimpse of the passing Marion and his brigade.
text: The house smolders. No sign of life. Gabriel, Abner and
text: a few other men warily ride the perimeter of the cleared
text: area around the house.
text: Marion, at the head of the rest of the brigade, waits next
text: to an increasingly frantic, Rollins. They see Gabriel
text: wave, signaling all clear.
text: MARION, ROLLINS AND THE OTHER MEN RIDE to the house.
text: Rollins is the first to see THE BODIES. Horrified, he
text: reins back and dismounts, almost falling.
text: His TWO SONS, WIFE, an OLDER MAN and WOMAN, lie dead in
text: the dirt. Marion's men silently watch Rollins' agony.
text: Weeping and confused, he moves in a mad, staccato manner,
text: as if he were a marionette, whose strings were being
text: jerked by a drunken puppeteer.
text: Marion and Rev. Oliver dismount and move toward him.
text: Rollins sees them coming. He hardens and strides to his
text: horse, pulling his FLINTLOCK PISTOL from his saddle
text: holster.
text: Rev. Oliver reaches out to embrace Rollins.
speaker_heading: REV. OLIVER
dialog: It's not time for vengeance, it's
dialog: time to mourn and...
text: ROLLINS PUTS THE PISTOL TO HIS HEAD AND PULLS THE TRIGGER,
text: BLOWING HIS BRAINS OUT.
text: Every man freezes in place. For a long moment no one
text: moves, no one speaks. Then Marion pulls himself together
dialog: and addresses the men:
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Five day furlough for all men.
dialog: Abner, Dan, Reverend, spread the
dialog: word. We'll reform at Acworth. Any
dialog: man who doesn't come back won't be
dialog: thought a coward or uncommitted to
dialog: the cause. Attend to your families.
text: The men mount up. Marion and Gabriel ride off together.
scene_heading: EXT. PEMBROKE - NIGHT
text: Marion scans the night as Gabriel and Anne mount up. The
text: three of them ride off, pulling a line of horses, some
text: heavily loaded packhorses and some saddled but empty
text: mounts.
scene_heading: EXT. SHACK - SHANTY TOWN - NIGHT
text: Dark. Quiet. Gabriel and Anne wait in the shadows while
text: Marion cocks his musket, checks his pistols and walks
text: slowly toward the shack.
text: He warily checks every shadow. No one anywhere. Then a
text: SOUND -- A SQUEAL OF LAUGHTER, immediately followed by:
speaker_heading: MARGARET (O.S.)
dialog: It's him! I told you it was him!
text: MARION'S CHILDREN RACE OUT OF THE SHADOWS to Marion. He's
text: practically bowled over as Margaret, Nathan, Samuel and
text: William fling themselves into his arms.
speaker_heading: NATHAN
dialog: Father!
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Papa...
text: CHARLOTTE STEPS OUT OF THE SHADOWS, watching the reunion
text: as Marion covers the children with kisses, trying to hug
text: all of them at once as they cling to him as if they'll
text: never let go. MARION AND CHARLOTTE LOCK EYES over the
text: heads of the children.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Thank you.
text: Charlotte smiles. Then Marion notices SUSAN peeking out
text: from behind Charlotte's patched and mended skirt. He
text: kneels down and opens his arms to her but she doesn't
dialog: move.
text: He smiles to her and speaks softly:
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Susan...
text: She looks coldly at Marion, tightens her grip on
text: Charlotte's skirt and retreats further behind her. Marion
text: looks to Charlotte who nods with guarded reassurance.
text: Then his attention is drawn away by the demanding embraces
dialog: of his other children.
scene_heading: EXT. CHERAW FALLS PATH - NIGHT
text: Marion rides, leading his children, Charlotte and Anne up
text: a steep, narrow path that cuts through a heavily wooded
text: hillside.
scene_heading: EXT. CHERAW FALLS - NIGHT
text: The remains of a tiny abandoned backcountry farm. The
text: house is gone, leaving only an overgrown cellar hole.
text: Nearby is a barely-standing tobacco shed, one end of which
text: has fallen to the ground. A SOFT WIND WHISTLES AND
text: WHISPERS through the gaps in the rough-hewn boards of the
dialog: structure.
text: Marion rides up to the edge of the clearing. A
text: MOCKINGBIRD SCREECHES nearby, startling him. He looks
text: back at the children, worried, anticipating a negative
text: reaction. Margaret smiles and turns to the other
text: children, speaking for Marion's benefit.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: I told you, things would get better.
text: The children smile and dismount.
scene_heading: INT. TOBACCO SHED - NIGHT
text: POURING RAIN. The ceiling drips. Marion lies, awake,
text: with his children huddled against him, sleeping in one of
text: the few dry spots. They're covered with tattered quilts.
text: On the other side of the children, Charlotte is also
text: awake. She and Marion exchange a long, silent look in the
text: darkness, over the heads of the sleeping children.
scene_heading: EXT. WATERFALL OVERLOOK - DAY
text: Marion walks the perimeter of their encampment with Nathan
text: and Samuel. They listen carefully.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: The overlook, up there should be
dialog: where you post the watch. Work out
dialog: a schedule. Short watches,
dialog: especially at night.
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: If you can catch some of those
dialog: mockingbirds you can make cages and
dialog: put them along there for alarms.
dialog: (motioning for them
dialog: to follow)
dialog: Now let's find someplace to cache
dialog: extra weapons...
text: They follow Marion like soldiers.
scene_heading: EXT. CHERAW FALLS - DAY
text: Marion sits on a rock while Margaret cuts his hair. She
text: takes her time, touching him on the head and shoulders,
text: extending the process. Marion, sits back, enjoying it.
text: He notices Susan, nearby, watching silently. He smiles.
text: She turns away.
scene_heading: EXT. TOBACCO SHED - CHERAW FALLS - DAY
text: Dark. Shafts of light shine in through the holes in the
text: roof. Marion, standing in the shadows, senses someone
text: coming. He freezes.
text: A figure rounds the corner. It's... William. MARION
text: YELLS William SQUEALS IN DELIGHT, then chases his father
text: around the corner, tagging him. They laugh. Marion
text: covers his eyes and William dashes off to hide.
scene_heading: EXT. CHERAW FALLS - RIVERSIDE - DAY
text: Marion sits on the side of the river with Susan who avoids
text: looking at him. Using the knife we've seen him use in
text: battle he cuts slices off an apple and eats them.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Good apple.
dialog: No response.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Very good. Sweet.
text: He cuts a slice and offers it to her. She doesn't take
text: it. He puts the slice between them. After a long moment
text: she picks it up but as she's about to eat it, she stops,
text: seeing something on it. She puts it back.
text: Marion looks at the apple slice and sees a dark red
text: splotch on it. He looks at his knife and realizes that
text: it's dried blood.
text: Off-balance, he turns to Susan who stares straight ahead,
text: a thousand miles from Marion.
scene_heading: EXT. CHERAW FALLS RIVER - DAY
text: Marion washes the knife carefully, almost obsessively.
text: Anne steps up behind him.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: May I ask you a question?
text: Marion finishes with the knife and puts it away without
dialog: explanation.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Yes, of course.
text: She speaks with a sly, withheld smile.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Do you think Frances with an "e" is
dialog: too manly a name for a girl?
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Do you think Francis with an "i" is
dialog: too womanly a name for a boy?
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Good.
text: Anne smiles and walks away. Marion figures out what she
dialog: just told him.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: When?
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Late summer.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Congratulations.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Thank you.
text: Marion laughs at the thought.
scene_heading: EXT. CHERAW FALLS - DAY
text: Marion's children swim and play with the two Great Danes
text: in the pond at the base of the falls, along with Gabriel
text: and Anne. Marion and Charlotte sit on the bank, watching
dialog: them.
text: Charlotte turns and looks at Marion for a long moment.
text: He's unaware. As Charlotte looks at him, her smile
text: disappears, replaced by anger. She snaps at Marion.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: I'm not my sister.
text: Startled, Marion turns to Charlotte.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: I said, I'm not my sister.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: I know that.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: Do you?
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Of course, I do.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: (irritated)
dialog: Very well, then.
text: She turns from him. Marion, tries to figure out what just
text: happened. After a long moment he gets it. Stunned at
text: first, his gears turn. After a very thoughtful moment he
text: turns to Charlotte and offers a tentative smile. She
text: rolls her eyes.
scene_heading: EXT. CHERAW FALLS - NIGHT
text: Dark. A full moon shines.
scene_heading: INT. TOBACCO SHED - NIGHT
text: Marion wakes. He looks across his sleeping children and
text: sees that Charlotte isn't in her place on the other side
text: of them. He rises and walks out into the night.
scene_heading: EXT. GLEN - CHERAW FALLS - NIGHT
text: Marion walks into the glen. He tenses, sensing someone in
text: front of him. Then he sees CHARLOTTE AT THE EDGE OF THE
text: WOODS. Neither one speaks...
text: They walk silently to each other. They stop, looking at
text: each other closely, as if seeing one another for the first
dialog: time...
text: Only then do they kiss. The kiss grows more passionate...
dialog: then much more passionate...
scene_heading: EXT. CHERAW FALLS - DAY
text: Marion finishes tying his gear onto his horse. The
text: children are silent. He stands beside his horse. One
text: after another, the children walk to him and embrace him --
dialog: Nathan, Samuel, Margaret, William.
text: He sees Susan, standing next to Charlotte. He motions to
text: her but she doesn't move. Then he kneels down and gently
text: hugs her.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Just a little goodbye? One word?
dialog: That's all I want to hear.
text: Susan remains silent, standing with her arms at her sides,
text: not responding to the embrace.
text: Finally, Marion lets go of her. She just stares at him.
text: Marion stands and turns to Charlotte.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Goodbye, Charlotte.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: Goodbye.
text: They embrace. Though the hug is chaste, their eyes tell a
text: different story. Only Anne and Margaret notice, but to
text: them it's as clear as a bell. They exchange a knowing
dialog: look.
text: Marion and Charlotte break apart, self-consciously.
text: Marion and Gabriel mount up and start to ride away. As
text: they're about to round a curve and disappear, SUSAN CRIES
speaker_heading: OUT:
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Papa!
text: With halting steps, then faster and faster, she runs down
text: the path toward Marion.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Papa, don't go, I'll say anything.
text: Marion stops, turning in his saddle to see Susan running
text: after him, her eyes filled with tears.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Please, Papa, I'll say anything you
dialog: want!
text: Marion yanks his reins, turning his horse.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Just tell me what to say! Tell me
dialog: what to say!
text: Marion spurs his horse straight toward her, GALLOPING
text: toward the running, crying child.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Please, Papa, please don't go.
text: MARION RIDES TOWARD HER...
text: Charlotte, Anne and Marion's children watch as:
text: MARION LEANS OVER IN THE SADDLE without slowing down...
text: SWOOPING HER INTO HIS LAP...
text: She sits astride the saddle, facing him, her arms wrapped
text: around him, pleading, the words tumbling from her, as fast
dialog: as she can get them out...
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: ... I'll talk to you, I'll say
dialog: anything you want, just tell me what
dialog: you want me to say, I'll say
dialog: anything, I promise, please, Papa,
dialog: just stay...
text: Marion envelopes the sobbing wisp of a girl, holding her,
text: letting her cry, fighting his own tears...
text: He reins back the horse, stopping in front of the
dialog: others...
text: He pleadingly looks to Charlotte who steps up to the
dialog: horse... to take Susan...
text: Marion gives Susan a final embrace, and covers her face
dialog: with kisses...
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: I'll come back... I promise...
text: Marion hands the still crying Susan down to Charlotte...
text: Marion, in agony, averts his eyes, yanks his reins, and
text: spurs his horse...
text: As he rides away the children take off after him, running.
text: Susan seeing the others running after Marion, struggles
text: out of Charlotte's arms, and runs after them as well...
text: Marion rides, now joined by Gabriel, faster and faster,
text: leaving a trail of dust...
text: The children slow, then stop, one after another, watching
text: as they ride away.
scene_heading: EXT. PATRIOT ENCAMPMENT - ACWORTH - EVENING
text: Grim. The most rudimentary of the encampments we've seen.
text: Rain pours. Some of Marion's men huddle under lean-to's
text: and quickly rigged tents that offer only partial
dialog: protection from the cold rain.
text: Abner and Scott do their best to keep a wet-wood fire
text: going. Rev. Oliver tries to cook.
text: Marion and Gabriel ride up and dismount. Marion joins
dialog: Rev. Oliver.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: How many came back?
speaker_heading: REV. OLIVER
text: About a hundred and twenty. Less
dialog: than a third.
text: Marion nods. He and Gabriel join some of the men under
text: one of the lean-to's.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVERSIDE - DAY
text: The rain has stopped. The ground is still wet. It's
text: spring. The first buds are on the maple trees. A fox
text: tentatively comes out of its winter den, followed by a
text: pair of pups.
text: Marion stands on the side of a river, looking up at a
text: chevron of Canadian geese flying north.
scene_heading: EXT. PEMBROKE - DAY
text: The Canadian Geese fly over Anne who is behind her
text: father's store, tying food and provisions to a couple of
text: packhorses. A mare and a foal cavort in a nearby paddock.
text: Suddenly Anne senses someone behind her and turns to see
text: HALF-A DOZEN REDCOATS. She's initially frightened but the
text: REDCOAT SERGEANT, speaks politely.
speaker_heading: REDCOAT SERGEANT
dialog: Excuse me, Ma'am, everyone has been
dialog: requested to gather at the church.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Everyone?
speaker_heading: REDCOAT SERGEANT
dialog: Colonel Tarleton wants to address,
dialog: the whole village.
text: The Redcoat Sergeant deferentially motions for Anne to
text: follow him and his men. She sees several other
text: townspeople, with Redcoat escorts, already heading down
text: the street. She follows along.
scene_heading: EXT. PEMBROKE VILLAGE SQUARE - DAY
text: Tarleton and Wilkins, on horseback, watch as a large,
text: mixed detachment of Green Dragoons and Redcoat Infantry
text: directs the villagers into the church.
text: One of the Redcoats walks out of the general store with a
text: bowl of gumdrops. As he starts giving them to a few of
text: the children their parents waver, unsure of the gesture,
text: but they reluctantly allow the children to take the candy.
text: The townspeople are uneasy but they follow the orders of
text: the Redcoats who, though carry muskets, are polite and
dialog: unthreatening.
speaker_heading: REDCOAT
dialog: Into the church, please.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER REDCOAT
dialog: Colonel Tarleton wishes to address
dialog: all of you.
text: Tarleton sees the last of the townspeople enter the
text: church. He nods to the Redcoats near the door.
text: The Redcoats CLOSE THE DOORS, chaining them shut. The
text: DOOR IS POUNDED ON from the inside.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Open this door!
speaker_heading: ANOTHER VOICE
dialog: By what right are we made prisoners?
text: TARLETON NODS TO GASKINS who, along with several rough-
text: looking LOYALIST MILITIAMEN, disappear into the blacksmith
text: shop. They reappear a moment later with FLAMING TORCHES
text: and approach the church.
text: Several Redcoats see what's about to happen and are
text: appalled. Even some of the Green Dragoons, including
text: Wilkins, are troubled. Wilkins rides over to Tarleton.
speaker_heading: WILKINS
dialog: Sir?
speaker_heading: TARLETON
dialog: Yes, Major.
text: Gaskins and the Loyalist Militia stop around the church,
text: torches ready, waiting for the final go-ahead from
text: Tarleton. The POUNDING AND CALLING from inside the church
text: grows louder.
speaker_heading: WILKINS
dialog: Sir, there is no honor in this.
speaker_heading: TARLETON
dialog: The honor is found in the end, not
dialog: the means. This will be forgotten.
dialog: (to Gaskins)
dialog: Proceed.
text: The Redcoats turn to the Redcoat Officers. The Redcoat
text: officers turn to Wilkins, who struggles with himself.
text: Tarleton calmly watches Wilkins' distress.
text: Finally, Wilkins accepts it. Weakly steadying his horse,
text: he takes his place next to Tarleton.
text: The Redcoats and Dragoons follow his lead and watch as
text: Gaskins and the Loyalist Militiamen light the church on
text: fire, heaving their torches onto the roof, through the
text: windows and under the raised foundation.
text: SCREAMS are heard from inside. The DOOR THUDS with the
text: shoulders of men trying to escape. The CHAINS HOLD.
text: As the FLAMES RISE, another group of Loyalist Militiamen
text: and some Redcoats drag half-a-dozen young women out of a
dialog: side-street...
text: Among the women, desperately pleading, kicking and
dialog: screaming, is ANNE...
text: The men drag her and the other women into the livery
dialog: stable...
text: Tarleton watches them carried off, stone-faced...
text: Then he turns and watches the church go up in FLAMES...
text: A WINDOW SHATTERS, with a chair heaved from inside...
text: SOME MEN TRY TO CLIMB OUT, but waiting Redcoats FIRE THEIR
text: MUSKETS POINT BLANK...
text: KILLING THREE MEN, driving the others back...
text: The SCREAMS FROM INSIDE THE CHURCH grow louder...
text: The FLAMES AND SMOKE RISE...
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - PEMBROKE OUTSKIRTS - DAY
text: SILENCE. A dark forest of old growth trees. No
text: underbrush. Marion and a couple dozen of his men,
text: including Gabriel, Rev. Oliver, and Dalton ride warily on
text: a carpet of pine needles toward a thin column of smoke,
text: visible over the treetops in the distance.
text: With hand signals, Marion directs his men to fan out.
text: They do so, weaving through the dark forest, weapons
dialog: ready.
scene_heading: EXT. PEMBROKE - DAY
text: Marion and his men slowly ride into Pembroke. The remains
text: of the church smolder only slightly. The town is
text: deserted, no one, dead or alive, is visible.
text: Unsure what they have found, Marion and his men spread out
text: and dismount, warily checking out the buildings, looking
dialog: for some sign of life.
text: Rev. Oliver and a few other men head for the charred
text: remains of the church.
text: Side-stepping some still-hot, charred beams, Rev. Oliver
text: looks through the rubble...
text: Then he sees the bodies...
text: THE CAMERA CATCHES ONLY A FLEETING GLIMPSE of...
text: Dozens of charred, blackened bodies, intertwined with the
dialog: remains of the church...
text: Rev. Oliver staggers from the rubble...
text: The other men see what he has seen...
text: One-by-one Marion and his men walk over and look into the
dialog: remains of the church...
text: Marion see several charred hands extended through a
text: shattered window, as if grasping for escape... one of the
text: hands is tiny, A CHILD'S HAND...
text: Marion is stunned...
dialog: No one says a word...
text: Dalton and a few of the other men continue the search,
dialog: weapons ready...
text: They step into the livery stable, then walk out a moment
text: later, ashen faced...
text: Dalton speaks quietly to Marion, motioning toward an
text: increasingly frantic Gabriel who has just found Anne's
dialog: packhorses...
text: Gabriel notices the gesture, he watches Marion walk into
text: the livery stable... Growing more nervous by the second,
text: Gabriel hurries after his father...
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Anne...?
text: As Gabriel gets to the entrance of the livery stable,
text: Marion walks out and intercepts him.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Don't go in there.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Is it her? Is Anne in there?
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: She is. Don't go in there.
text: Gabriel understands... he reels... growing faint... Marion
text: grabs him... keeping him from falling...
text: Marion holds Gabriel who begins to weep...
scene_heading: EXT. PEMBROKE - DAY
text: Marion's men, led by Rev. Oliver, tend to the dead. Some
text: dig in the small graveyard adjacent to the remains of the
text: church. Others carry out the grim task of pulling the
text: charred bodies out of the rubble.
text: ON THE EDGE OF TOWN
text: Marion sits alone. Gabriel walks up behind him.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Father, tell me what happened at
dialog: Fort Wilderness?
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: You know what happened.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: No, I don't.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Everyone knows. It's what made me a
dialog: hero. Me, Harry Lee, all of us. I
dialog: got a medal. Men bought me drinks.
dialog: They still do sometimes. Everyone
dialog: knows what happened.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Tell me what everyone doesn't know.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: And what do they know?
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: That the French and Cherokees
dialog: captured the fort and when you
dialog: retook it, you took revenge on them
dialog: for what they did during the
dialog: occupation.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: That's right.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: That's not enough. Tell me.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Your mother asked me the same
dialog: question around the time you were
dialog: born. I was drunk and I was foolish
text: enough to answer her.
text: Marion shakes his head to himself.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: That's why it was four years between
dialog: you and Thomas. It took me that
text: long to regain her respect.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: I'm not my mother. I can't have the
dialog: respect without the knowing.
text: Marion's quiet for a moment. Then he speaks:
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: It was in '63. It was a bad time.
dialog: The French and the Cherokee had
text: raided along the Blue Ridge. All
dialog: the English settlers took refuge at
dialog: Fort Wilderness but the French
dialog: captured it. We were sent in
dialog: relief. Harry Lee, Billings, sixty
dialog: of us. We already had something of
dialog: a reputation for being... harsh.
dialog: When we got there the fort was
dialog: abandoned. Not a French soldier or
dialog: Cherokee anywhere. They had left a
dialog: week earlier. What we found was...
dialog: bad.
text: Marion grows quieter with the memory of how bad.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: They had left the settlers there.
dialog: The men had been burned alive, the
dialog: women were in pieces and the
dialog: children were on stakes.
text: Marion's silent for a moment.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: We buried them, then we went to
dialog: track. It was a cold trail and they
dialog: were moving fast. We went faster.
dialog: We caught up to them at Kentucky
dialog: Ford.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Go on.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: We took our time with them and gave
dialog: every one of them worse than they
dialog: had given at the fort. It was two
dialog: weeks before they were all dead, all
dialog: except two. We put the heads on a
dialog: pallet and had the two we let live
dialog: take it to the French at Fort
dialog: Ambercon.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: The eyes, fingers and tongues we put
dialog: in a basket and sent that down the
dialog: Asheulot to the Cherokee.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: The French stayed east of the Blue
dialog: Ridge after that and the Cherokee
dialog: broke their treaty with the French
dialog: and stayed out of the fight.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: That seemed to make a difference.
dialog: The war went another year, things
dialog: went better... and men bought us
dialog: drinks.
text: Gabriel is silent. Marion looks at him closely.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: It was a different time, son. And
dialog: you're a better man than that.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: I see, do as I say, not as I do.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Yes.
text: They hear HORSES HOOVES. Abner rides in from the opposite
text: side of the village from the church, not having seen the
text: results of the massacre. Excited, he dismounts.
speaker_heading: ABNER
text: THEY'RE HERE! CONTINENTALS, THEY'RE
speaker_heading: HERE!
text: Marion and Gabriel just look at him. Abner is confused by
text: their reaction. Then he sees the remains of the church
text: and the laid out, charred bodies.
scene_heading: EXT. PATRIOT ENCAMPMENT - NIGHT
text: Mixed gatherings of Marion's militia and Continentals are
text: clustered around the campfires, with more Continentals
text: arriving all the time.
text: Some of the militiamen and regulars regale each other with
text: tales of their exploits but most are grim and tired,
text: talking quietly.
text: A couple of Patriots play a MELANCHOLY TUNE ON FIFE AND
speaker_heading: VIOLIN.
text: Marion's tent is set up but he's nowhere to be seen.
text: Gabriel walks to Marion's gear. Finding Marion's weapon's
text: belt he opens one of the bullet pouches and finds the
text: paint-flecked MUSKET BALLS MADE FROM THOMAS' LEAD
text: SOLDIERS. As Gabriel takes one, Marion steps up behind
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: If this war is about more than
dialog: Thomas, it's about more than Anne,
dialog: as well. Stay the course.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: As you did at Fort Wilderness?
text: Before Marion can answer they see HARRY LEE RIDE UP TO
text: THEM. He dismounts, excited, voluble. He strides over,
text: pleased to see Marion, oblivious to his and Gabriel's
dialog: mood.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Look at you! I knew you could do
dialog: it!
text: Lee laughs, picks up a bottle and takes a big pull.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: We have a chance! Better than a
dialog: chance! Cornwallis is running to
dialog: the Chesapeake, probably to meet his
dialog: fleet at Yorktown. I wish I could
text: see his face when he sees a dozen
dialog: French ships floating there. And
dialog: Washington should be a day or two
text: behind him.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And on top of everything, I have a
dialog: son! Born last month in Alexandria.
text: Gabriel rises and walks away. Lee finally tunes into the
text: pall hanging over Marion and the just departed Gabriel.
text: He turns to Marion.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: His wife was killed yesterday. She
dialog: was with child.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: I'm sorry, I didn't know.
text: Marion nods. They stand in silence. Lee hands Marion the
text: bottle. He takes a drink.
scene_heading: EXT. ENCAMPMENT - NIGHT
text: Dark. Quiet. Sentries are on duty. Marion's tent glows
text: from a single candle. He blows the candle out, then steps
text: out of the tent into the night.
text: He begins his nightly walk of the perimeter.
text: Almost immediately, Marion notices something amiss.
text: Dalton has discovered it at the same time and hurries over
dialog: to Marion.
text: AT ONE OF THE CAMPSITES
text: Marion and Dalton and several of the other men look down
text: at some empty bedrolls.
speaker_heading: DALTON
text: Gabriel and at least a dozen others.
dialog: They must have left right after the
dialog: watch change.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: That means they have two hours on
dialog: us.
text: Marion strides to his horse. The other men follow him.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODED ROAD - NIGHT
text: Marion, Dalton and Rev. Oliver and two dozen other men
dialog: ride.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODED ROAD - NIGHT
text: Dark. Very quiet. A moonless night. Marion and his men,
text: on foot, make their way along the side of the river.
text: Brother Joseph hurries out of the darkness and speaks to
dialog: Marion.
speaker_heading: BROTHER JOSEPH
text: Fifty Green Dragoons, camped about a
text: quarter mile from here. Sentries at
dialog: four points.
text: Suddenly they hear the SOUNDS OF MUSKETS FIRE ahead of
text: them in the darkness. Marion takes off at a full run with
text: his men right behind.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSKIRTS OF GREEN DRAGOON ENCAMPMENT - NIGHT
text: Marion and his men BLAST THROUGH THE BRUSH. Running
text: toward the SOUNDS OF THE BATTLE, which grows louder with
dialog: every step...
text: Marion cocks his pistol and extracts his tomahawk on the
dialog: run...
text: The LIGHTS OF THE BATTLE: The STROBES OF THE MUSKET SHOTS
text: illuminate the woods ahead of them...
text: Moving fast, they PASS TWO DEAD BRITISH SENTRIES, without
dialog: slowing down...
text: THEY BLAST OUT OF THE WOODS into...
text: THE CLEARING, seeing a tableau of TOTAL CHAOS:
text: Half-dressed GREEN DRAGOONS in formation FIRE IN
text: VOLLEYS...
text: Running men. Scattered MUSKET FIRE.
text: The strobes of the muskets illuminate RUNNING MEN and
text: other men in HAND-TO-HAND COMBAT.
text: WILKINS IS IN COMMAND. Tarleton is nowhere to be seen.
text: Gabriel and Abner, both slightly wounded, fight a
dialog: desperate holding action...
text: On the other side of the clearing, a square of Dragoons
text: forms near Wilkins.
speaker_heading: WILKINS
speaker_heading: FIRE!
text: The DRAGOONS FIRE A MASSED VOLLEY, hitting Gabriel, Abner
text: and several other Patriots.
text: GABRIEL, BADLY WOUNDED, falls to his knees...
text: The Dragoons pull their pistols about to fire again.
text: Marion and his men OPEN FIRE...
dialog: Staggering them...
text: Marion sees Wilkins about to fire at Gabriel...
dialog: Marion runs...
text: Sees another Redcoat about to fire at Gabriel...
text: MARION KILLS HIM with a pistol shot.
text: Wilkins cocks his flintlock pistol, aims at Gabriel...
text: MARION'S ABOUT TO THROW HIS TOMAHAWK... TOO LATE...
text: WILKINS FIRES... HITTING GABRIEL WHO FLIES BACKWARD...
text: Marion THROWS THE TOMAHAWK, sinking it into Wilkins'
dialog: chest...
text: The rest of Marion's men thunder into the Dragoons...
dialog: Overpowering them...
text: Marion races to Gabriel...
text: Throws himself onto the ground next to him...
text: Cradling him...
text: Gabriel is stunned, confused by the wounds.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: I'm alright, I...
text: He tries to stand...
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Let me help you...
text: Gabriel weakens in Marion's arms... falters... Marion
text: watches the life drain from Gabriel... He tries to hold
dialog: the blood in, to no avail...
text: Dalton plants himself next to Marion, defending him and
dialog: Gabriel...
text: Marion caresses Gabriel and watches as...
scene_heading: GABRIEL DIES.
text: The life drains from Marion. No anger. Only pain. He
text: looks at Gabriel, lost in a dream, an incomprehensible
text: nightmare of loss and overwhelming emptiness.
scene_heading: EXT. CLEARING - DAWN
text: Marion's men finish laying out the bodies of their dead.
text: The Dragoons are still where they fell. The Patriots are
text: laid out in a row, their faces covered by their coats.
text: Marion sits on the battlefield, next to Gabriel's body.
text: Dalton gingerly approaches him.
speaker_heading: DALTON
dialog: Colonel...
text: Marion slowly stands and picks up Gabriel's body, cradling
text: him like a child. They head off into the brush.
scene_heading: EXT. PATRIOT ENCAMPMENT - NIGHT
text: More Continentals have arrived, now outnumbering Marion's
text: men three-to-one. The encampment is active. A few of the
text: men drink and TALK LOUDLY. The two men playing the fife
text: and violin PLAY A MORE VIBRANT TUNE.
scene_heading: INT. MARION'S TENT - NIGHT
text: Dark. Shadowed. The sounds of celebration can be heard
text: outside the tent.
text: Marion sits on his camp chair. Gabriel lies on the ground
text: carefully covered up to his chin with a blanket. A single
text: candle burns.
text: Rev. Oliver enters the tent.
speaker_heading: REV. OLIVER
dialog: May I help you try to find solace
dialog: with the word of God?
dialog: No response.
speaker_heading: REV. OLIVER
dialog: Colonel, let us help his soul find
dialog: it's place with the Almighty and...
speaker_heading: MARION
text: He looks as if he's sleeping,
dialog: doesn't he?
speaker_heading: REV. OLIVER
dialog: Yes, he does.
text: Rev. Oliver pulls up a camp stool. He and Marion sit in
dialog: silence.
scene_heading: EXT. MARION'S ENCAMPMENT - MORNING
text: The Patriots, Continentals and Militia, are moving out.
text: Most of the tents have been taken down. Wagons are
text: rolling out. Companies of Continentals march off in good
dialog: order.
text: MARION'S TENT still stands. His men finish packing up,
text: storing their heavy gear in wagons, tying their field gear
text: onto their horses.
scene_heading: IN THE TENT
text: Marion still sits. A FLY BUZZES. Gabriel's face has
text: taken on a deathly, ashen look.
text: Lee enters the tent. He's silent for a moment, then
text: speaks softly to Marion.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: You have to bury him.
dialog: No response.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: I'll help you bury him.
text: Lee moves toward Gabriel's body.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Don't touch him.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: How many men have we seen die?
speaker_heading: MARION
text: Two. Gabriel and Thomas.
speaker_heading: LEE
text: They're gone. And there is nothing
dialog: you or I can do to bring them back.
dialog: But there is something you can do to
dialog: help end all this.
speaker_heading: MARION
text: It is ended.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: No. It's not over yet. Two days
dialog: ride, Yorktown, Virginia.
dialog: Washington, the French, Cornwallis
dialog: and Tarleton. It will end, one way
dialog: or another.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Francis, nothing will replace your
dialog: sons but helping us will justify
dialog: their sacrifice.
text: Marion doesn't respond. Lee waits for a long moment, then
text: he hears the SOUND OF THE DEPARTING TROOPS OUTSIDE THE
text: TENT.
text: He looks at Marion, touches him on the shoulder and walks
dialog: out.
scene_heading: EXT. PATRIOT ENCAMPMENT - DAY
text: The last of the soldiers move out, leaving their
text: smoldering campfires and refuse. The only tent that
text: remains is Marion's.
scene_heading: EXT. MARION'S TENT - DAY
text: Marion sits in his tent, gazing obliquely at Gabriel's
text: body which has grown even more ashen. A SOLITARY BIRD
text: CRIES in the distance.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODED ENCAMPMENT - NIGHT
text: A dark, moonless night. The sky is filled with stars. A
text: SOFT WIND BLOWS dead leaves along the ground. A few of
text: the leaves are blown through the opening of Marion's tent.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE TENT
text: Marion looks down, noticing the leaves, HEARING THE WIND.
text: He listens for a moment. Then he stands and walks out of
dialog: the tent.
scene_heading: OUTSIDE THE TENT
text: Marion watches the leaves skittering along the ground. He
text: listens to the wind.
text: The HE LOOKS UP AT THE NIGHT SKY. The stars are bright.
text: His eyes are drawn to the Big Dipper and from there to the
dialog: Little Dipper and the...
speaker_heading: NORTH STAR.
text: Holding his eyes on the faint, but steady star, he
text: gradually reorients himself. He looks around at the
text: abandoned encampment. Then he looks into the tent and
text: sees Gabriel's body. The SOFT WIND BLOWS AROUND HIM.
text: Marion nods in response.
scene_heading: EXT. BURIAL GROUND - WOODED ENCAMPMENT - MORNING
text: Marion finishes burying Gabriel, putting the last
text: shovelfuls of dirt on the freshly turned earth. He stands
text: next to the grave, looking down, and says a silent prayer.
scene_heading: EXT. YORKTOWN ROAD - DAY
text: The AMERICAN FORCES are on the move, all heading in the
text: same direction. Continentals and militiamen fill the
text: road. Some on horseback, others in wagons, most on foot.
text: Among them, a mixed unit of Continentals and Marion's
text: brigade, at the head of which ride Lee, Dalton, Abner and
dialog: Rev. Oliver.
text: Behind them, a single horseman rides up. It's MARION.
text: Without speaking, Marion rides up alongside Lee. They
dialog: exchange nods.
text: Marion rides between Dalton on one side and Rev. Oliver on
text: the other. They pass a sign that reads, "Yorktown. 20
dialog: miles."
scene_heading: EXT. YORKTOWN OVERLOOK - DAY
text: The road to Yorktown skirts an OVERLOOK with a view of the
text: town and the harbor. A few dozen arriving Patriots have
text: stopped to look out at the view. Marion, Lee, Rev. Oliver
text: and Dalton join them.
text: The French Fleet is visible in the harbor. The British
text: encampments are on a pair of peninsulas, one jutting out
text: from land, the other jutting toward the land from a large
text: island. In a semi-circle around the landward peninsula,
text: the beginnings of the Patriot encirclement are visible.
text: It's a grand and impressive sight.
text: Marion and the others turn their horses and head down the
text: road toward the American lines.
scene_heading: EXT. YORKTOWN ENCAMPMENT - DAY
text: AN INTERMITTENT EXCHANGE OF CANNON FIRE. Not a battle,
text: but pre-battle pot shots. Behind the American
text: embattlements, hundreds of American and French soldiers
dialog: drill, make camp and build secondary fortifications.
text: MARION, stands behind a barricade, trying to get a view of
text: the British defenses. A RUNNER, a boy about fifteen,
text: dashes up to Marion.
speaker_heading: RUNNER
dialog: You called for me, sir?
text: Marion reaches into his pocket and pulls out a single
text: WALNUT which he hands to the boy.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Take this to General Washington.
text: The boy looks at the walnut and then looks at Marion as if
text: he's joking or crazy. He's neither. The boy shrugs and
text: runs off with the walnut.
scene_heading: EXT. WASHINGTON'S HEADQUARTERS - YORKTOWN
text: Staff officers. Flags. Tents. French and American
text: officers look over maps and sort out dispatches.
text: Messengers, runners and dispatch riders come and go
dialog: hurriedly.
text: The flap of the central HQ tent opens and GEORGE
text: WASHINGTON steps out, followed by a pair of AIDES.
text: Washington is tall and powerfully-built, an imposing man,
dialog: worthy of respect.
text: He looks around and sees the awe-struck, slightly confused
text: messenger boy, waiting nearby.
text: Washington, holding the walnut in his hand, motions him
dialog: over.
speaker_heading: WASHINGTON
dialog: Did you bring me this?
speaker_heading: RUNNER
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: Washington scribbles something on a piece of paper and
text: hands it to the boy.
speaker_heading: WASHINGTON
dialog: Take this to Colonel Marion.
speaker_heading: RUNNER
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: The boy runs off. Washington smiles.
scene_heading: EXT. PATRIOT ENCAMPMENT - DAY
text: CAMERA FOLLOWS Marion walking through the chaos of the
text: encampment. He walks to the cluster of tents around
text: Washington's HQ. He nods to the officer in charge.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Colonel Francis Marion.
text: Washington, leaning over the maps on his campaign table,
text: hears the voice and turns around. The officers nearby
text: stop and watch, curious.
scene_heading: MARION AND WASHINGTON
text: Step up to one another, looking each other in the eye.
dialog: To the astonishment of Washington's officers, Marion
text: reaches up and lifts off Washington's wig, looking at his
text: hair underneath. Marion shakes his head.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Gray.
speaker_heading: WASHINGTON
dialog: Earned.
text: Washington holds out a small bag to Marion who reaches in
text: and pulls out a walnut.
speaker_heading: WASHINGTON
dialog: Come. I have something I want to
dialog: show you.
text: Washington turns to his staff officers.
speaker_heading: WASHINGTON
dialog: Gentlemen.
text: Washington and Marion walk off with Washington's officers
text: and aides.As Washington and Marion walk, they both CRUSH
text: THE WALNUTS SHELLS BETWEEN THEIR THUMBS AND FOREFINGERS, a
text: prodigious display of strength that both men take for
text: granted. They eat walnuts as they walk.
scene_heading: EXT. YORKTOWN HILLTOP - DAY
text: Washington's officers who include HARRY LEE, COLONEL
scene_heading: ALEXANDER HAMILTON, LAFAYETTE, GENERAL PINKNEY, and
text: various other aides and junior officers reach the crest of
text: the hill and wait for Washington and Marion who trail a
text: bit behind them, talking privately, eating walnuts as they
dialog: go.
text: While they wait, the officers look out at the view, seeing
text: the PUFFS OF SMOKE OF INTERMITTENT CANNON FIRE.
scene_heading: WASHINGTON AND MARION
text: Finish the walnuts. They stop for a moment to catch their
dialog: breath.
speaker_heading: WASHINGTON
dialog: I was sorry to hear about your son.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: I lost another a year ago, Thomas.
dialog: He was only fifteen.
speaker_heading: WASHINGTON
dialog: I've had no sons to lose, nor
dialog: daughters.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I lose the sons of other men.
text: They look out at the vista, knowing that they're looking
text: at the sons of thousands and thousands of other men.
speaker_heading: WASHINGTON
dialog: Life was easier when we only had
dialog: ourselves to get killed.
text: They walk on, joining the others on the crest of the hill.
text: The officers are looking out, some with spyglasses, at
text: the British emplacements.
speaker_heading: WASHINGTON
dialog: Gentlemen, what do we see?
speaker_heading: HAMILTON
text: Mortars, center, with two lines of
text: enfilading trenches.
speaker_heading: PINKNEY
text: More along the right flank and
text: behind the forward redoubts.
speaker_heading: LAFAYETTE
text: A formidable defensive position.
dialog: Very formidable.
speaker_heading: HAMILTON
dialog: They could hold out for weeks.
text: Washington nods and turns to Marion.
speaker_heading: WASHINGTON
dialog: Francis, tell me about General
dialog: Cornwallis.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Remember Braddock?
speaker_heading: WASHINGTON
dialog: That bad?
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Worse.
speaker_heading: WASHINGTON
dialog: Proud, priggish and competent. A
dialog: very bad combination in an
text: adversary.
text: Washington sighs.
speaker_heading: WASHINGTON
dialog: For those of you who don't know, we
dialog: intercepted a British dispatch this
dialog: morning. General Clinton has sailed
dialog: from New York to relieve Cornwallis.
text: That hits Washington's officers hard.
speaker_heading: HAMILTON
dialog: How long before they arrive?
speaker_heading: WASHINGTON
text: Less than a week. Sixteen ships and
text: over nine thousand Redcoats.
speaker_heading: LAFAYETTE
dialog: Sooner or later that message will
dialog: get through to Cornwallis.
speaker_heading: PINKNEY
dialog: And when it does, he'll just wait us
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: WASHINGTON
dialog: And when the British ships arrive,
dialog: the French ships will flee. And
dialog: when the French ships flee, General
dialog: Rochambeau and the French troops
dialog: will flee as well.
text: Marion speaks up.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Then you must let the message go
dialog: through.
text: They all turn to Marion, most of them looking at him as if
dialog: he's insane.
speaker_heading: WASHINGTON
dialog: If Cornwallis receives news that
dialog: Clinton is coming, he'll simply hold
dialog: tight and wait. He'll fight a
dialog: purely defensive battle and he'll
dialog: win that.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: No, he won't. There are two things
dialog: you need to know about Cornwallis.
dialog: First, he is a very proud man, He
dialog: would rather risk defeat than share
dialog: a victory.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: If you give him what he thinks is an
dialog: out, he'll take it.
speaker_heading: WASHINGTON
dialog: And what is the second thing?
text: Marion pulls Cornwallis' journal out of his haversack and
text: leafs through it.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: I'll let him tell you himself...
dialog: (reading)
dialog: "... but it is this colonial militia
dialog: that is the most irksome. Not
dialog: worthy of my attention, but
dialog: demanding it; not worthy of British
dialog: blood, but taking it; and not worthy
text: of a soldier's honor, but sullying
dialog: it. Those nights of mine that are
text: not sleepless, are filled with
dialog: dreams of a cavalry charge on the
dialog: heels of fleeing farmers..."
text: Marion closes the journal.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: He has no respect for citizen
dialog: soldiers. That's your bait...
dialog: militia.
text: Washington nods, considering it.
scene_heading: EXT. CORNWALLIS' HEADQUARTERS - YORKTOWN - EVENING
text: Under fire. Cornwallis and his staff. Major Halbert
text: strides in and gives Cornwallis a dispatch.
speaker_heading: MAJOR HALBERT
dialog: Sir, a dispatch from General Clinton
dialog: made it through the rebel lines.
text: Cornwallis takes the dispatch and reads it. It staggers
text: him. He sits down.
speaker_heading: WILKINS
dialog: Sir?
text: Cornwallis fumes. His jaw sets with anger. He slowly
text: crumples the dispatch and speaks with quiet fury.
speaker_heading: CORNWALLIS
dialog: Call a general staff meeting.
speaker_heading: AIDE
dialog: Yes, sir.
scene_heading: EXT. YORKTOWN - PRE-DAWN
text: Marion stands at the American battlements, looking out at
text: the British defensive works. Above him, stars are
text: visible, but they're fading in the light of the pre-dawn
text: glow from the horizon.
text: Marion scans the disappearing stars, searching out the
text: NORTH STAR, but in the increasingly harsh light of this
text: day, he can't find it. He turns his eyes back to the
dialog: battlefield.
scene_heading: EXT. YORKTOWN BATTLEFIELD - DAY
text: The sun has risen but a heavy ground fog limits visibility
text: to a few dozen yards. Men move like ghosts.
text: THE CAMERA finds waiting squadrons of men but in the mist.
text: There is no overview, just separate detachments:
text: An orderly regiment of CONTINENTAL CAVALRY, mounted,
text: waiting, steadying their horses.
text: Two long lines of CONTINENTAL INFANTRY RESERVES...
text: An American Command, including Washington, LaFayette and
text: two dozen staff officers, attended by riders and
dialog: runners...
text: And, finally, MARION AND HIS MEN, who stand in the middle
text: of a long line of Patriot militia in the center of a long,
dialog: valley-line depression.
text: They stand silently, unable to see anything other than
text: each other and the gently slope of the dew-covered grass
text: in front of them.
text: They're all grim. They know what's coming.
text: Then, the SOUND OF A SINGLE DRUM, heard but unseen, coming
dialog: from over the slope...
text: Then, MORE DRUMS, more and more, A COMPETITION OF DRUM
dialog: BEATS...
text: Marion's men listen, turning their heads, trying to
text: imagine what is happening on the other side of the rise in
text: front of them.
text: MARION MOTIONS FOR HIS OFFICERS, Dalton, Scott, Rev.
text: Oliver and several other Patriot militia officers from
text: other units. They quickly gather around.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: The British army believes in
dialog: officers. I believe in soldiers.
dialog: After we engage, there will be no
dialog: more orders. Every man here must
dialog: know what I'm about to tell you.
text: They listen closely.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: We are the bait in a trap. We're
dialog: militia. Cornwallis thinks we're
text: rabble, nothing more than a bunch of
dialog: undisciplined farmers. And if he
dialog: thinks that's what we are, that's
dialog: what we're going to give him.
dialog: Listen up.
text: They gather around closer.
scene_heading: EXT. BRITISH LINES - DAY
text: Cornwallis, surrounded by his staff officers, including
text: Tarleton, stands on a low hill, trying, with the aid of a
text: spyglass to catch the first view of the battlefield as the
text: morning mist begins to burn off.
text: Through the fog, he just makes out the American lines. He
text: turns to Tarleton who also peers through a spyglass.
speaker_heading: CORNWALLIS
dialog: Do you see that, Colonel?
speaker_heading: TARLETON
dialog: Unless I'm dreaming, I think I see
text: irregulars at their center.
text: Cornwallis and Tarleton exchange a pleased look.
scene_heading: EXT. LOW MEADOW - YORKTOWN - MORNING
text: Marion and his men wait.
text: A STRANGE SOUND. Soft, muted. The men turn their heads,
text: listening, their eyes shifting.
text: They hear the SOUND OF THOUSANDS OF BOOTS ON WET GRASS,
dialog: advancing...
text: THE CAMERA WATCHES THE FACES OF MARION AND HIS MEN as they
text: listen to an unseen army approaching.
text: ON MARION'S FACE we see him hearing every sound and we see
text: FLASH CUTS of what he knows he's hearing:
text: The BOOTS OF THE UNSEEN SOLDIERS...
text: Shouldered muskets CLICKING against pack buckles...
text: SILENCE at a stop...
text: MORE DRUMS...
text: The men around Marion wait.
dialog: THEN, THEY SEE IT...
text: A MASSIVE WALL OF RED appears over the rise in front of
dialog: them...
text: Thousands of Redcoats, in perfect formation, marching in
text: lockstep, straight for them.
text: Marion sees the fear on his men's faces, but none of them
dialog: move...
text: The BRITISH DRUMS GROW LOUDER AND LOUDER... it's almost
dialog: enough to drive a man to flight... almost.
text: The CAMERA explores the faces of Marion's men, faces that
dialog: we know, Rev. Oliver, Scott, Abner, Marion. All are
text: frightened but all are motionless.
text: Closer and closer, the British line approaches...
dialog: The American's don't move...
text: Then, the BRITISH LINE STOPS...
text: At a flurry of commands, the Redcoats ready their muskets,
dialog: then aim...
text: Still, Marion and the Americans don't move...
text: DEAD SILENCE...
text: Then, a single, thin voice calls out from the British
dialog: lines...
text: IN A THUNDEROUS, MASSIVE VOLLEY, three thousand British
text: muskets fire simultaneously... just as the entire line of
text: AMERICAN MILITIAMEN DIVE TO THE GROUND...
text: Many Americans are saved by the move but many, many others
text: are torn apart by the British musketballs...
text: THE AMOUNT OF SMOKE IS INCREDIBLE... it obscures
text: everything. Each musket spits out a billow of think white
text: smoke a dozen feet in front of it and three thousand of
text: them just fired. The massive, opaque white cloud quickly
text: spreads over the entire battlefield.
text: The astonished Redcoats instantly reload...
text: And watch as the Americans rise in DISORDERLY PANIC and
dialog: FLEE...
dialog: Some Redcoats laugh...
text: ON A RISE BEHIND THE BATTLEFIELD, CORNWALLIS, watches
text: through his spyglass, trying to get a sense of what's
text: happening before the spreading cloud of musket smoke
dialog: obscures everything.
text: He barks to his SIGNALMAN...
speaker_heading: CORNWALLIS
dialog: Fix bayonets... dispatch the Green
dialog: Dragoons.
text: The Signalman raises his semaphore flags and snaps the
dialog: message.
text: MARION AND HIS MEN are caught in the middle of the chaotic
dialog: retreat...
text: THE BRITISH LINE advances at a quickstep, bayonets
dialog: fixed...
text: From behind them, THE GREEN DRAGOONS appear, at a full
text: gallop, Tarleton at their head...
scene_heading: THE BATTLEFIELD
dialog: It's an astonishing sight... total madness... hell... a
dialog: painting by Hieronymous Bosch...
text: The mass of the British infantry charges after the fleeing
dialog: Patriot militiamen...
text: The Redcoat infantry grows disorderly as it runs...
text: TARLETON AND THE BRITISH CAVALRY THUNDERS to the head of
text: the Redcoats, closing in on the fleeing Patriots. The
text: cavalry swords are drawn and raised for a slaughter...
speaker_heading: THEN SUDDENLY
text: Stepping into view from behind a low, grass covered rise,
text: a SOLID LINE OF BLUE APPEARS, rock solid...
text: It open up, allowing the fleeing Patriots to pass through
dialog: it like water...
text: then it closes again, becoming a solid blue wall...
scene_heading: MARION, HIS MEN AND THE ENTIRE MASS OF FLEEING MILITIA
text: STOPS DEAD, turns and joins the blue American line...
text: A flurry of orders, then the BLUE WALL ERUPTS WITH A
text: VOLLEY of musket fire that stops the disorderly British
dialog: advance in its tracks...
text: Hundreds of Redcoats fall instantly...
text: Hundreds of Green Dragoons and their horses fall with
dialog: them...
dialog: The effect of the volley is devastating...'
dialog: The American timing is perfect...
dialog: Again, the amount of SMOKE is astonishing... visibility
text: drops to less than twenty feet in most places...
text: Drifting smoke opens up glimpses of the battle here and
text: there but it is primarily a battle of sound...
text: Men simply follow the men in front of them...
text: The Blue Continentals advance in an orderly manner from
text: both flanks onto the Redcoats, trapping them...
text: The Redcoats try to flee...
text: Fighting small, gathered holding actions...
text: MARION FIRES one of his pistols...
text: Draws his sword...
text: Slashes downward... killing one Redcoat after another...
dialog: No remorse, no hesitation, no pity...
text: A relentless, simple battle...
text: Slashing through the Redcoat infantry...
text: His sword sinks into the stock of an upraised British
text: musket and is pulled from his hands...
text: Marion quickly kills the Redcoat with his pistol...
text: THEN, THROUGH THE SMOKE, MARION CATCHES A GLIMPSE OF
text: TARLETON...
text: Marion freezes... his eyes locked on Tarleton who is
text: fighting a pitched battle, making his way toward the
text: perimeter of the field, trying to escape back to the
dialog: British lines...
text: Seeing nothing but Tarleton, Marion hurriedly tears open
text: his weapons pouch and pulls out one of the bullets made
dialog: from Thomas' lead soldiers...
text: As he loads the pistol, his eyes still trained on
text: Tarleton, Dalton runs up in the chaos...
speaker_heading: DALTON
scene_heading: COLONEL! OUR LINE!
text: Marion finishes reloading... distracted he turns to Dalton
dialog: for an instant...
speaker_heading: DALTON
text: OUR LINE IS FALTERING...
text: Marion takes a quick glance at the Continental line,
dialog: seeing...
text: Scott, Rev. Oliver, Abner and a dozen more of his men, in
text: the middle of a confused battle, with a larger mass of
text: Redcoats who are advancing through the broken Continental
dialog: line...
text: MARION IS TORN...
text: He looks to Tarleton, seeing him distracted, vulnerable
text: but too distant a target for the pistol...
text: Then Marion looks to Rev. Oliver and the others... Dalton
dialog: can't wait... he runs off...
text: Marion wavers...
text: Then he takes a last look at Tarleton and heads off to
text: help the faltering Patriots...
text: TARLETON sees the movement of Marion and his men and sees
text: Marion himself, his back exposed...
text: AT THE PATRIOT LINE...
text: Marion, Dalton and two dozen other militia cavalrymen
text: arrive at the same time, beating back the Redcoats...
text: As blue-uniformed Continentals reform the line, FIRING AT
text: THE FALTERING REDCOATS...
text: TARLETON sees Marion and fights his way toward him...
text: Marion is oblivious, concentrating on holding the American
dialog: line...
text: Tarleton mounts a terrified, riderless horses, draws his
text: sword and gallops back toward the British lines, on a path
text: that takes him directly past Marion...
text: Tarleton gets closer... raises his sword... slashes...
text: Marion catches the flash of the blade out of the corner of
dialog: his eye...
text: Diverts the blow, knocking Tarleton from the mount...
text: Tarleton hits the ground... Marion draws his pistol, about
dialog: to fire at Tarleton...
text: Tarleton KICKS OUT, knocking the pistol from Marion's
dialog: hand...
text: Tarleton GRABS HIS SWORD, SLASHES AT MARION who dodges the
dialog: blow...
text: Tarleton advances... Marion scrambles back, then rises...
text: Marion grabs a BROKEN CAVALRY LANCE and FENDS OFF REPEATED
text: BLOWS from Tarleton's SWORD...
text: Then Marion sees his pistol, loaded with a bullet from
text: Thomas' lead soldiers, lying on the ground...
text: Marion makes his way toward the weapon... still BLOCKING
text: BLOWS from Tarleton's sword...
text: Marion focuses on the pistol... leaving himself exposed...
text: Tarleton sees the OPENING... MOVES ON MARION... TARLETON
text: RAISES HIS SWORD, about to deliver the killing blow...
text: Marion dives... GRABS HIS PISTOL... FIRES... KILLING
text: TARLETON WITH A SHOT TO THE CHEST...
text: Marion, stunned, exhausted and surprised to be alive,
text: watches Tarleton fall...
text: Marion stands over Tarleton's body and gives himself a
text: moment of bitter triumph, then he turns back to the battle
dialog: at hand...
text: Marion picks up Tarleton's sword and runs to the AMERICAN
text: LINE which stiffens as Dalton and Rev. Oliver are joined
text: by Marion and a dozen other Patriots...
text: The blue-uniformed Continentals reform their line...
text: Marion looks back toward Tarleton but finds that his body,
text: along with the place and the moment of his death, has
text: disappeared into the smoke of the battle...
text: Marion and his men fight on... then, Redcoats start
text: fleeing the field...
dialog: First one Redcoat at a time... then more and more...
scene_heading: EXT. YORKTOWN - DAWN
text: The next day. Silence. The battlefield, as far as the
text: eye can see, is covered with the debris of war, dead men
text: and scattered weapons.
text: The British have retreated back behind their defenses but
text: have left many of their men on the field.
text: The Patriots, regulars and militia, wait behind their
text: barricades.
text: Then, a single figure appears on one of the British
text: parapets. A DRUMMER BOY, no more than ten-years-old.
text: Behind him, a single British officer.
text: They boy begins to beat the drum. The officer raises a
text: white flag.
text: In the American lines, the men see the flag. Some call
text: out, some cheer, some laugh, most, among them MARION,
text: simply take a deep breath. It's finally over.
scene_heading: EXT. YORKTOWN FIELD - DAY
text: A massive ceremony, carefully orchestrated, laid out on
text: the cleaned up battlefield.
text: Thousands of men, everyone in his place, as if well-
text: directed actors in a grand theatrical performance.
dialog: The French and American armies, fifteen thousand men
text: between them, stand in perfect formation on either side of
text: the field, forming an avenue for the British army which
text: marches out of it's fortification.
text: At the head of the avenue, WASHINGTON AND HIS STAFF stand
dialog: waiting.
text: A musical band of Continentals, thirty men strong, loudly
text: plays a tune, "The World Turned Upside Down," a jaunty
text: British air with a melancholy undercurrent.
text: CORNWALLIS marches with his officers, eyes straight ahead,
text: covering his agony as best he can.
text: As he walks along the avenue he passes the remnants of the
dialog: South Carolina militia.
text: MARION, standing with Dalton, Rev. Oliver, Abner, Scott
text: and the rest of his surviving men sees Cornwallis pass...
text: CORNWALLIS glances over, noting what unit they are by a
text: tattered battle standard that flies over them. It's only
text: a glance and he DOESN'T PICK OUT MARION, who is just one
dialog: man among the many...
text: AT THE HEAD OF THE AVENUE
text: Cornwallis reaches Washington. They exchange unheard
text: formal greetings.
text: Cornwallis, DRAWS HIS SWORD AND HANDS IT TO WASHINGTON...
scene_heading: FIFTEEN THOUSAND MEN, American and French, RAISE THEIR
text: VOICES in a CHEER OF ASTONISHING VOLUME...
text: With every other pair of eyes directed toward the ceremony
text: between Washington and Cornwallis, MARION quietly and
text: unnoticed, slips out the back of the formation and walks
dialog: away.
scene_heading: EXT. YORKTOWN - DAY
text: The surrender ceremony continues. Marion, on the fringe
text: of the field, finishes saddling his horses and prepares to
text: leave. LEE walks out of the crowd and joins him. They
text: lock eyes for a moment, then Marion mounts up.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Goodbye, Francis.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Goodbye, Harry.
text: Marion reaches down. They shake hands.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: And congratulations on the birth of
dialog: your son.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Thank you. Maybe all of this will
dialog: buy him some peace.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: I hope so.
text: As Marion starts to ride off, he reins back and stops,
text: speaking back to Lee over his shoulder.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Your son, what did you name him?
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Robert. Robert E. Lee.
text: Marion smiles.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: A good name for a farmer.
text: Lee nods. Marion rides off.
scene_heading: EXT. CHERAW FALLS - DAY
text: Marion's children and Charlotte sit by the river. Samuel
text: sits on the lookout ledge with his musket. Suddenly he
text: stands, looking out, seeing something.
text: Charlotte and the others notice. They're worried. Then
text: they see Samuel throw down his musket and tear down the
text: path, running as fast as he can, tumbling, then regaining
dialog: his feet...
dialog: Charlotte and the others know who's coming...
text: The children take off running after Samuel...
text: Racing toward the road...
text: Charlotte hurries after them...
text: AND THEN THEY SEE HIM...
text: MARION, riding at a full gallop...
text: The children cry out with tears of joy...
dialog: MARION see Susan...
text: He gallops toward her...
scene_heading: LEANS OVER...
text: Without slowing, he SWOOPS HER UP into the saddle...
text: She wraps herself around him...
text: He reins back, stops and dismounts, just as the other
dialog: children reach him...
text: They throw themselves into his arms... embracing him...
text: Charlotte hurries up behind them...
text: She and Marion lock eyes and he is enveloped by the hugs
dialog: of his children.
scene_heading: EXT. POND BLUFF - EVENING
text: Summer. The apple tree at the top of the hill is covered
dialog: with apples.
text: Marion's house is partially rebuilt and habitable. The
text: workshop is already completed.
text: MARION'S CHILDREN, Nathan, Samuel, Margaret and William,
text: play in the tall grass in front of the house with the two
speaker_heading: GREAT DANES.
text: CHARLOTTE sits on the front porch, NURSING AN INFANT.
text: MARION walks out of his workshop, trailed by Susan. He
text: carries a just-completed rocking chair.
text: The chair is a work of art, thin and light, a spider-web
text: of perfectly turned wood, no nails, no glue.
text: He steps onto the porch next to Charlotte and places the
text: rocking chair next to her.
speaker_heading: MARION
text: Two pounds, fourteen ounces.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: Lovely.
text: He smiles and make a minute adjustment in the chair's
text: position. Then he sits down, settles back and begins
text: rocking. Not a creak.
text: Marion and Charlotte watch Susan run out of the yard,
text: calling as she joins the other children.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Wait for me...
text: As the CAMERA CRANES UP, Marion and Charlotte disappear
text: beneath the overhang of the porch roof. Suddenly, the
text: SOUND OF A CRASH.
speaker_heading: MARION (O.S.)
dialog: Damnation!
text: The CAMERA CONTINUES TO CRANE UP as Marion walks off the
text: porch, crosses the yard and enters his workshop. A moment
text: later, the SOUND OF MARION'S LATHE RISES.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
