dialog: Spitfire Pictures
dialog: Presents
dialog: THE WAY BACK
dialog: Screenplay by
dialog: Peter Weir
text: Inspired by the book ‘The Long Walk’
dialog: by Slavomir Rawicz
dialog: Shooting Draft:
dialog: Sofia, January 2009
dialog: This script is the property of Exclusive Film
dialog: Distribution Ltd and is not to be copied or
dialog: distributed without our express consent.
dialog: Revised 4/23/09 (Buff)
dialog: Revised 3/31/09 (Tan)
dialog: Revised 3/17/09 (Cherry)
dialog: Revised 3/16/09 (Salmon)
scene_heading: Revised 3/11/09 (Goldenrod)
dialog: Revised 3/5/09 (Green)
speaker_heading: Revised 3/4/09 (Yellow)
dialog: Revised 2/25/09 (Pink)
speaker_heading: Revised 2/10/09 (Blue)
dialog: Exclusive Film Distribution
dialog: 52 Haymarket
speaker_heading: London SW1Y 4RP
scene_heading: Tel: +44 (0)20 7321 4827
dialog: www.exclusivemedia.com
scene_heading: AERIAL PANORAMA - DAY TO NIGHT 1
text: A slow, steady, downward view. The camera seemingly
text: floats as the curve of the globe passes beneath.
text: Beginning in the green jungles of Sikkim in Northern
text: India it crosses the Himalayas, down into Tibet and
text: beyond to China - the zigzag line of the Great Wall
text: clearly visible. Then the Gobi desert is flowing
text: beneath, and as the light begins to fade, Mongolia gives
text: way to the Russian Steppe, and as dusk turns to night we
text: are over Siberia - gliding North over Lake Baikal, and
text: onward across forested hills and valleys. A sense of
text: utter remoteness in this silent landscape. Then a tiny
text: shaved patch within the primeval forest - a bald
text: rectangle of ground, crisscrossed by faint probing
text: lights. The camera slows, and hovers.
scene_heading: EXT. SOVIET LABOR CAMP 105, SIBERIA - NIGHT 2
text: Out of the blackness, the momentary glimpse of a barbed
text: wire fence, lit by the combing fingers of a searchlight.
text: Another angle, and the silhouette of distant timber
text: buildings is briefly etched, before the light passes and
text: all is again in darkness. Closer, on a canvas-sided
text: barrack building - ghostly shadows projected on the wall.
scene_heading: SUPER: ‘SOVIET LABOR CAMP 105, SIBERIA, 1940’.
scene_heading: INT. BARRACKS, CAMP 105, SIBERIA -— NIGHT 3
text: A long rectangular building, the walls lined with two
text: tiered bunks of rough-hewn logs. In the centre - a metal
text: stove with a chimney stretching out through the roof. A
text: dim central bulb illuminates some 150 men, aged from 16
text: to 60, most sitting or lying on their bunks. Some wear
text: scraps of army uniform, or civilian clothing, others in
text: prison issued padded jackets. Some, from the Asian
dialog: territories, still wear something of their national
text: costume. Included among them are groups of foreigners
dialog: from recently occupied countries and a Babel of languages
text: drifts through the fetid air. It’s a wide ranging mix of
dialog: types, of race, of class. They’re miserable, starving
text: and ill. There is no camp camaraderie and they eye each
text: other with indifference or suspicion. Most of these men
dialog: are political prisoners, known as ‘Politicals’ or
dialog: ‘58ers’, after the section of the Soviet Penal Code that
dialog: has put them here.
text: Near the stove, and contrasted with the ‘Politicals’, a
text: group are gathered about a card game on a lower bunk.
text: These men look healthier, and are further distinguished
dialog: by their tattoos.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Revised 2/10/09 (Blue) 2.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 3
dialog: These are the URKI, some dozen of them, regular
dialog: criminals, and from their manner the undisputed masters
dialog: of the block.
text: Sitting facing each other - VALKA, thirties, heavily
text: tattooed, flash of a steel-caped tooth. His opponent,
text: BOHDAN, older, and the ‘Pakhan’, the ‘boss’ of this
text: eriminal gang. Bohdan shuffles a deck of home-made
dialog: cards.
scene_heading: {All DIALOGUE IN THE CAMP IS IN RUSSIAN, SUB-TITLED,
scene_heading: EXCEPT WHERE INDICATED THAT INMATES SPEAK ENGLISH].
speaker_heading: BOHDAN
dialog: (In Russian)
dialog: What’ve you got? aK
text: VALKA removes his coat, passes it to BOHDAN who examines
text: it briefly.
speaker_heading: BOHDAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Think I want your stinking lice
dialog: farm?
speaker_heading: VALKA
dialog: Polish tailor.
text: He shows the label.
speaker_heading: VALKA (CONT'D)
dialog: See? From Krakov. Good as new.
text: BOHDAN nods to his minder who opens a battered wooden
text: suitcase — a glimpse of hoarded food. The minder puts
text: his hand on a lump of bread lying beside a length of
text: sausage. BOHDAN nods. The bread is placed beside the
dialog: coat.
speaker_heading: VALKA (CONT’D)
dialog: And the sausage.
text: BOHDAN stares at him, shakes his head, ‘no’.
speaker_heading: VALKA (CONT'D)
dialog: Bohdan, you’re a dog’s prick, I
dialog: swear. I hope you die with an axe
dialog: in your skull, and your balls
text: ripped out.
text: The swearing is more or less a ritual and provokes no
dialog: reaction.
speaker_heading: VALKA (CONT'D)
dialog: OK. For the bread.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURD\
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 3
text: BOHDAN shuffles and deals. He separates his cards with
text: the long fingernail of his little finger. In a few rapid
text: plays, VALKA is left coat-less.
text: Apart from the half-dozen thugs surrounding the players,
text: the game is watched by two ‘Politicals’, who have just
text: entered with a load of wood for the stove. The elder,
text: SMITH, a hard-face man in his late forties, the other
text: ANDREI, early twenties. VALKA signals to YURI who takes
text: three ‘tailor-made’ cigarettes from his pocket, passes
text: them carefully to VALKA who lays them before BOHDAN.
speaker_heading: BOHDAN
dialog: For the bread.
speaker_heading: VALKA
dialog: For the bread, and the sausage,
dialog: bastard!
text: BOHDAN enjoying himself.
speaker_heading: BOHDAN
dialog: Throw in that crappy shirt you're
dialog: wearing and I might be tempted.
text: Smiles from the gang. VALKA knows he’s being mocked but
text: he’s desperate. His eyes flick down to the sausage.
text: Then he takes off his shirt. He sits bare-chested, a
text: tattooed portrait of LENIN on his left breast looking
text: across at STALIN on his right. BOHDAN deals, and again
text: VALKA loses.
text: VALKA’s mate YURI places a padded prison jacket over his
text: bony shoulders, which he shrugs off irritably, then
text: offers to BOHDAN.
speaker_heading: BOHDAN (CONT'D)
dialog: I don’t play for regulation issue
dialog: crap.
text: VALKA lights a cigarette.
speaker_heading: BOHDAN (CONT’D)
dialog: All done, Valka?
text: VALKA tries to conceal his mounting tension behind a veil
dialog: of cool.
speaker_heading: VALKA
dialog: I go on credit.
speaker_heading: BOHDAN
dialog: ‘Credit’?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: oF
speaker_heading: te HOF
dialog: *
dialog: x +
dialog: Ho de
speaker_heading: + oF
dialog: Revised 2/10/09 (Blue) 4.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 3
text: VALKA nervously fingers an aluminium crucifix hanging by
text: a cord from his neck. Etched on the cross a naked woman.
speaker_heading: BOHDAN (CONT’D)
dialog: you're already in debt.
text: VALKA’s anxious eyes. They settle on SMITH by the stove.
text: He speaks in carefully articulated English.
speaker_heading: VALKA
dialog: Come here.
text: SMITH returns the stare, then slowly approaches.
speaker_heading: VALKA (CONT'D)
dialog: Take off your ..- coat.
text: A silence, the criminal gang sensing a showdown. There's
text: something about SMITH, something steely, unpredictable.
text: The fire crackles loudly. SMITH all the while holding
text: VALKA’s stare. **
scene_heading: [THE DIALOGUE RETURNS TO RUSSIAN. ]
speaker_heading: VALKA (CONT'D)
dialog: Worth shit!
text: He looks at SMITH’s companion.
speaker_heading: VALKA (CONT'D)
dialog: You.
text: ANDREI goes pale, removes his coat to reveal a decent—
text: looking patterned wool sweater. He offers the coat.
speaker_heading: VALKA (CONT'D)
dialog: Let’s have the sweater.
speaker_heading: ANDREI
dialog: Take the coat.
speaker_heading: VALKA
dialog: I want the sweater.
text: ANDREI doesn’t move.
speaker_heading: VALKA (CONT'D.) (CONT'D)
dialog: your babushka make it for you?
dialog: Come on, hand it over.
text: ANDREI is visibly shaking. **
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURD)
scene_heading: Revised 2/10/09 (Blue) 5.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4) 3
speaker_heading: ANDREI
dialog: You have no authority, here.
text: VALKA gets up, moves slowly to ANDREI, a smile on his
text: lips. Then he casually reaches down as if to tuck his
text: trousers deeper into his boots, reaches for something,
text: and in one slow balletic movement, swings up and
text: stretches out his hand to ANDREI, and ANDREI sobs and
text: leans to one side.
speaker_heading: BOHDAN
dialog: Was that really necessary?
text: In the dim light ANDREI’s face is grey as he sags to the
text: floor. None of the other prisoners move to help him, nor
text: do they show any sign of concern, as VALKA places the
text: knife back in his boot and returns to the game. YURI
text: steps forward and strips the sweater from the dead man,
text: handing it on to VALKA, who passes it to BOHDAN. BOHDAN
text: examines it professionally, wipes a little blood off his
dialog: hands.
speaker_heading: BOHDAN (CONT’D)
dialog: OK. For the sausage.
text: The game resumes.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: FADE UP ON:
scene_heading: EXT. GRAVEYARD, FOREST NEAR CAMP 105, SIBERIA - NIGHT 4 **
text: Freshly dug graves. Close on one of these, stones piled
text: in a mound over the grave. Hands into frame moving aside
text: the stones. Wider to see two PRISONERS, breath steaming
text: from their mouths, as they work quickly and quietly to
text: uncover the grave. The older of the two is KHABAROV,
text: late thirties, the other, LAZAR, late twenties. Furtive
text: looks over their shoulders as an occasional blade of
text: light from the watchtower throws them into silhouette.
speaker_heading: KHABAROV
dialog: Here he is.
text: He reaches out to touch a human toe poking out of the
dialog: rocks.
dialog: As they work —
text: Close on the face of ANDREI, as they continue to uncover
text: his body.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURD \
speaker_heading: AS
dialog: Revised 2/10/09 (Blue) 6.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 4
speaker_heading: KHABAROV (CONT’D)
dialog: He’s not frozen yet, that’s lucky.
text: The remaining stones are removed to find the corpse
text: dressed in nothing but underwear.
speaker_heading: LAZAR
dialog: Damn! Picked clean! Bloody
dialog: thieves.
speaker_heading: KHABAROV
dialog: Keep your voice down, be grateful
dialog: there’s anything left.
text: They reach into the grave to retrieve the underwear.
speaker_heading: OMITTED A5 **
scene_heading: INT WASH-HOUSE — NIGHT ABS **
text: LAZAR’s hands in water, some kind of tin sink, water
text: running red as the underwear is rinsed clean of blood.
scene_heading: EXT. BARRACKS, CAMP 105 — DAWN 5
text: A Soviet guard beats a hammer against a hanging length of
dialog: iron.
scene_heading: INT. BARRACK BUILDING - SAME TIME — DAWN 6
text: Close on the barrack stove, the underwear drying,
text: KHABAROV’s hands into the frame.
text: As the prisoners rise, follow a hand to hand exchange of
text: the set of underwear for a hank of tobacco. KHABAROV
text: having done the deal splits the tobacco with LAZAR.
text: Moving quickly to complete a second deal, KHABAROV swaps
dialog: half his share of the tobacco with another prisoner for
text: two slices of bread. He waits until the last of the
text: men leave then he carefully breaks off a corner from one
text: piece of bread, concealing the rest in a hiding place in
text: the dirt at the base of his bunk - a glimpse of a cache
text: of hoarded food and other items.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURD \
dialog: Revised 2/10/09 (Blue) 7.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 6
text: The saved morsel he places on his tongue, and closes his **
text: eyes. He doesn’t chew, just lets it dissolve like the
text: Eucharist. Then it’s gone in a slow swallow and he opens
text: his eyes. He can hear a guard shouting outside, but he
text: hesitates, carefully licking his fingers. He stares at
text: his hand. Close on a spot between his fingers — there’s
text: a crumb there. Into frame, the tip of his tongue as it
text: slowly and carefully retrieves the tiny speck of bread.
scene_heading: EXT. LABOR CAMP 105, SIBERIA ~ DAWN 7
text: The camp seen in a distant view — surrounded by double
text: wire, a collection of weathered timber buildings with
text: watchtowers placed at regular intervals along the
text: perimeter. In the distance, dense forest.
text: Entering frame a column of close to a hundred men march
text: toward the camp. Following behind is a lorry, carrying **
text: six guards, supplies for their recent journey, and a camp **
dialog: stove. *e
scene_heading: EXT. CAMP GATES — DAWN 8
text: As they approach one of the prisoners looks up to an arch
text: stretching across the gates — a hand-painted sign in
text: Russian subtitled: ‘LABOR IS HONOR, GLORY, NOBILITY, AND
speaker_heading: HEROISM’.
text: The prisoner is JANUSZ, early twenties and he exchanges a
text: look with the man beside him, TOMASZ, about the same age. ae
text: ANOTHER ANGLE shows a line of prisoners, five abreast,
text: marching toward them on their way to work. They have
text: their attendant guards and dogs and as the two columns
text: pass each other the contrast between the half-starved,
text: ill looking ‘old’ prisoners and the comparative health of
dialog: the ‘new’, could not be more apparent — ‘Is this what we
text: are to become?’ on the faces of the ‘new’. We glimpse
dialog: some of those already established - they include BOHDAN,
text: and VALKA, and further back — SMITH and KHABAROV. As
text: they pass they look across to JANUSZ and TOMASZ, both
text: Polish, and behind them to VOSS, a tall young Latvian
text: with a mop of white-blonde hair. Behind VOSS - ZORAN, a
text: blanket over his three-piece suit. Beside him, another
text: Pole - KAZIK, at seventeen, the youngest in the group.
scene_heading: EXT. ‘THE ZONE’, CAMP 105 - DAY 9
text: The newly arrived prisoners assemble between the various
text: buildings — an area known as the ‘ZONE’.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURD)
dialog: Revised 2/25/09 (Pink) 8.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 9
text: The camp is being expanded, and everywhere are piles of
text: cut timber, coils of wire, and work going on replacing
text: old canvas-sided barracks with new timber ones. aK
text: The Spring thaw has turned recently melted snow into
text: slush, and duck-boards are hastily laid to allow the
text: Commandant to cross to tke assembled prisoners. He walks
text: with his subordinate and LAZAR who is FOREMAN of the new ***
text: camp construction. LAZAR carries a sheaf of plans, and aK
text: the COMMANDANT stops, studies a drawing, then impatiently
text: issues an order dismissing him. RK
text: The COMMANDANT mounts a box, accepting a folder of
text: documents from his subordinate, who has in turn received
text: them from the escorting guard. The COMMANDANT surveys
text: the prisoners before him. He’s a man in his fifties with
text: a bland but not unintelligent cast to his features.
text: He looks up from the collection of documents in his hand.
speaker_heading: COMMANDANT
dialog: Enemies of the People! Look about
dialog: you...and understand...it is not
dialog: our guns, or our dogs, or our
dialog: wire, that forms your prison.
dialog: Siberia is your prison. All four
dialog: million square miles of it. Here
dialog: in Camp 105, you will work hard.
dialog: Work and you eat. Eat and you
dialog: live.
text: Close on JANUSZ and his friends.
dialog: 10-13
dialog: Al4
dialog: 14
dialog: Revised 2/25/09 (Pink) 9.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 10-13
scene_heading: EXT. THE ZONE, CAMP 105 - DAY Al4
text: Later, the newly arrived prisoners exit the wash-house,
text: heads and beards shaved. In the background a glimpse of
text: others waiting their turn. To one side of the wash-—
text: house, a pile of their luggage. A couple of guards sort
text: through their belongings, pocketing the odd item.
text: JANUSZ, VOSS and KAZIK, heads shaved, exit the hut.
text: JANUSZ'’s attention is caught by the men working on
text: replacing the old stockade wall with a new double barbed—
text: wire fence. The overseer, LAZAR, gives a signal and a
text: section of the old wall falls to the ground.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMP KITCHEN, THE ZONE ~— NIGHT 14
text: The prisoners move in a line toward an open window in the
text: side of the kitchen building. Here, under the watchful
text: eye of the cook - one of BODHAN’s men - a single serve of
text: thin soup is slopped into their metal bowls. One has no
text: bowl, so he uses his hat.
text: JANUSZ and his friends shuffle toward the window.
text: Their attention is caught by a group of blind prisoners
text: feeling their way along the side of the kitchen hut, a
text: hand on the shoulder of the man in front.
speaker_heading: VOSS (TO JANUSZ)
dialog: (In English)
dialog: Night blindness. Saw it in the
dialog: transit camp...vitamin deficiency.
text: SMITH, a couple of places ahead in the line, turns on
dialog: hearing English spoken.
text: As JANUSZ moves forward he watches several wild-eyed men
text: scrambling about in a pile of kitchen slops thrown into
text: the mud by the kitchen door. They find here the odd
text: scrap of food, or simply soak their fingers in the slime,
dialog: then lick them clean.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURD )
speaker_heading: KKK
speaker_heading: KKK
speaker_heading: eK
speaker_heading: eK
speaker_heading: eK
speaker_heading: eK
speaker_heading: eK
dialog: 14
dialog: Revised 2/25/09 (Pink) 10.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 14
text: SMITH, having been served, moves away, retrieving a
text: hoarded slice of bread from within his jacket. He dips
text: it into the soup, raises it to his mouth when a corner of
text: the bread drops to the ground. One of the garbage-
text: eaters, dives for it, but SMITH is too quick for him, KKK
text: placing a boot over the scrap of bread. JANUSZ watches
text: as SMITH picks up the bread, cleans off the dirt and eats
text: it, his every move watched by the starving man at his
text: feet. JANUSZ offers the remainder of his soup to the man
text: who greedily drinks it. SMITH and JANUSZ stare at each
dialog: other.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: (In English)
dialog: Planning to survive on half
dialog: rations, son?
text: JANUSZ surprised by the American accented English.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: (In English)
dialog: He’s an old man.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: I’m an old man. But I’1l be alive
dialog: in the morning. He won’t.
text: He goes to move away, hesitates, turns back to JANUSZ.
speaker_heading: SMITH (CONT'D)
dialog: ‘Kindness’. That can kill you aK
dialog: here. You’ll learn that.
text: He places the last morsel of bread in his mouth, and
text: chewing slowly, turns and walks away.
speaker_heading: KHABAROV (V.O.)
dialog: (In English)
dialog: American.
text: JANUSZ turns to find KHABAROV beside him looking at
text: SMITH’s retreating back.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: American? *eK
text: He looks back to SMITH walking away toward the barracks. ***
speaker_heading: KHABAROV
dialog: Stalin doesn't like foreigners. eK
dialog: That includes Poles. You are eee
dialog: Polish aren’t you? aK
text: JANUSZ still staring after SMITH. wee
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURD)
dialog: 14
dialog: Revised 2/25/09 (Pink) 11.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
text: JANUSZ nods.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: Yes, I am.
speaker_heading: KHABAROV
dialog: I love you Poles, your burning
dialog: sense of injustice, your yearning
dialog: for freedom.
text: (He offers his hand).
speaker_heading: KHABAROV (CONT'D)
dialog: Khabarov. Andrei Timofeyevich.
dialog: 14
text: JANUSZ looks at him — he wears a distinctive coat,
text: trimmed with fur - something refined about him,
text: ‘aristocratic’ even. He offers his hand, and they shake.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: Weiszczek, Janusz.
speaker_heading: KHABAROV
dialog: And your ‘prayer’, may I ask?
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: 58.10
speaker_heading: KHABAROV
dialog: 58.10 ... A spy?
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: That’s what they told me.
speaker_heading: KHABAROV
dialog: Ten years?
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: Twenty.
text: KHABAROV indicates himself.
speaker_heading: KHABAROV
dialog: 58.14. Sabotage, ten years.
text: They begin walking toward the distant barrack buildings.
speaker_heading: KHABAROV (CONT’D)
dialog: And you were in the cavalry?
text: JANUSZ'’s suspicions aroused.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNIED \
speaker_heading: KKK
speaker_heading: RK
speaker_heading: RK
dialog: ek
dialog: ee
dialog: 14
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
scene_heading: Revised 2/25/09 (Pink) 12.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: (Sharply)
dialog: How could you know that?
dialog: your, may
text: ‘swagger’.
text: He leans forward, wh
dialog: JANUSZ relaxes, smil
dialog: the line,
dialog: thousands
speaker_heading: KHABAROV
dialog: Oh there’s that Polish spirit! I
dialog: observe things — your demeanor,
dialog: I say, certain
dialog: ‘Cavalryman’, that’s
dialog: how I'd cast you.
dialog: ispers.
speaker_heading: KHABAROV (CONT’D)
dialog: We've been waiting for you...Poor
text: Poland, Hitler invades from the
dialog: West...World War...days later,
dialog: Stalin from the East.
dialog: es.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: How could we know Russia would
dialog: stab us in the back?
speaker_heading: KHABAROV
dialog: And you were on the Soviet side of
dialog: and they
dialog: like you.
dialog: arrest you, and
dialog: Accuse you of
dialog: spying...And they torture you?
dialog: You signed a...
dialog: someone el
dialog: teacher?
dialog: ‘confession’?
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: I wouldn’t sign, so they tortured
dialog: se.
speaker_heading: KHABAROV
dialog: Usual tactics — they torture a
dialog: close friend who names you as a
dialog: spy — a neighbor?
dialog: A friend?
dialog: Your old school
dialog: 14
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURD )
speaker_heading: kK
speaker_heading: RK
speaker_heading: KK
dialog: ek
speaker_heading: RK
dialog: ke
speaker_heading: kK
dialog: ek
speaker_heading: Km
dialog: ek
dialog: ek
speaker_heading: eK
dialog: ee
speaker_heading: KKK
speaker_heading: KKK
dialog: 14
dialog: 15
dialog: Revised 2/25/09 (Pink) 13.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4) 14
text: KHABAROV looks into JANUSZ’s eyes ~— a pain beyond
text: speaking. KHABAROV tactfully changes the subject.
speaker_heading: KHABAROV (CONT’D)
dialog: I was an actor — moving pictures.
dialog: In my last picture I played an
dialog: aristocrat. They arrested me
dialog: after the film’s release.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: KHABAROV
dialog: It was claimed I was elevating the
dialog: status of the old nobility.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: You got ten years for a
dialog: performance in a film?
speaker_heading: KHABAROV
dialog: I’ve had better notices.
text: And they enter their hut.
scene_heading: INT. BARRACKS -— NIGHT 15
text: The men sitting or lying on their bunks, a little
text: conversation here and there but most have withdrawn into
text: themselves, just glad to have survived another day.
text: JANUSZ looks about him, KHABAROV still by his side.
text: JANUSZ’s attention is caught by the tattooed group
text: playing cards by the stove. VALKA is playing BOHDAN
text: again, his losing streak continuing. KHABAROV speaks
text: just above a whisper.
speaker_heading: KHABAROV
dialog: The ‘Urki’.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: Who are they?
speaker_heading: KHABAROV
dialog: Professional criminals, your
dialog: ordinary run of the mill murderers
dialog: and thieves, don’t stare at them. we
dialog: The guards let them run things in
dialog: here. They are to be feared.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: Why would they let them ‘run
dialog: things’?
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURED \)
dialog: 15
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: Revised 3/5/09 (Green) 14.
speaker_heading: i5
speaker_heading: KHABAROV
dialog: They are considered the by-product
dialog: of bourgeoisie society and
dialog: therefore ‘Friends of the People’.
dialog: We political prisoners are
dialog: ‘Enemies of the People’. Russia
dialog: has become one vast prison - slave
dialog: labor. You see even this camp is I
dialog: expanding to take in another Tee
speaker_heading: thousand prisoners. RRR RK
text: JANUSZ looks over to a group of Asiatic prisoners.
speaker_heading: KHABAROV (CONT’D)
dialog: From the far reaches of the Soviet
dialog: Empire - all scooped up in the net
dialog: like so many minnows, poor
dialog: creatures.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: And do any ever wriggle out of the
dialog: net?
text: KHABAROV considers a moment, then leads him away from the
text: surrounding prisoners. He lowers his voice to a whisper.
speaker_heading: KHABAROV
dialog: You should be more careful.
dialog: Stalin has eyes and ears
dialog: everywhere, even in here.
text: He leans closer to JANUSZ.
speaker_heading: KHABAROV (CONT’D)
dialog: In a camp like this you'll be dead
dialog: ina year. If not literally then
dialog: in spirit.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: And how long have you been here?
speaker_heading: (CONTTNUED
dialog: 15
dialog: 16-17
dialog: Al8
speaker_heading: AB18
speaker_heading: AC18
scene_heading: Revised 2/25/09 (Pink) 15.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 15
speaker_heading: KHABAROV
dialog: Eleven months and twenty-nine
dialog: days.
text: KHABAROV offers his hand.
speaker_heading: KHABAROV (CONT’D)
dialog: Good night, friend.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 16-17
scene_heading: EXT. THE ZONE, CAMP 105 - DAWN Al8
text: In bone-chilling cold the prisoners form up in their
text: brigades as a guard begins counting them. JANUSZ looks
text: toward a barrack building where the bodies of several men
text: who died overnight are being carried out and laid on the
text: ground - among them the ‘garbage-eater’ from the night
text: before. JANUSZ glances over toward SMITH who stares
text: impassively ahead. GUARD NO. 1 is visible, checking
text: paper work at the camp gates.
scene_heading: EXT. EDGE OF FOREST, ABOVE MINE —- DAY AB18
text: Follow a bird as it hops from branch to branch, pausing
text: every now and then to listen to the sounds of axes and
text: saws drifting from the forest floor.
text: JANUSZ and his friends - VOSS, TOMASZ, KAZIK and ZORAN -
dialog: work at trimming felled trees of branches, and then
text: sawing them into lengths.
text: SMITH and his gang work nearby. He watches JANUSZ
text: peeling strips of bark from a pine-tree and stuffing them
text: in his pocket.
text: KHABAROV, too, works here with a third gang, cutting and
text: trimming the trees.
scene_heading: MINE SITE - DAY AC18
text: On the valley floor, below towering cliffs, some 150 men
text: haul rocks in wooden wheelbarrows from the mine entrance
text: across a maze of tracks to waiting trucks.
text: A fire blazes in a 44 gallon drum set up in an open-sided
text: wooden shelter. Here BOHDAN and his criminal associates
text: supervise the work. VALKA has fallen on a slippery slope
dialog: within the Urka hierarchy following his losses and
dialog: growing debt.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURD )
speaker_heading: KK
speaker_heading: RK
speaker_heading: AC18
speaker_heading: AD18
dialog: 18
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: AC18
text: BOHDAN amuses himself by throwing stones at VALKA,
text: warning him away from the fire like a stray dog.
text: Guards placed at vantage points, stamp their feet to keep
text: warm, occasionally shouting at the exhausted prisoners to
dialog: work harder or move faster. Death is casual here. A man
text: falls. If found to be dead he is left where he fell,
text: bodies to be collected and counted at the end of the day.
scene_heading: EXT. MINE ENTRANCE - DAY AD18
text: JANUSZ and his group dump a load of trimmed logs in a bay
text: by the mine entrance. He hesitates as the others move
text: away, staring into the black hole leading into the
text: mountain. Eerie sounds drift up from deep below. A look
text: of utter dread on his face.
scene_heading: EXT. EDGE OF FOREST, ABOVE MINE - DUSK 18
text: The prisoners work hard to fill their quotas - VOSS
text: swings his axe like a demon, but even with his
text: contribution the cut pile of logs is a long way from the
text: mark showing at the top of the storage bay.
text: BOHDAN, the overseer, moves amongst the various working
text: gangs, measuring their completed piles of logs. JANUSZ’s
text: group are still only half way to a full quota. KHABAROV
text: leaves his gang and approaches JANUSZ.
speaker_heading: KHABAROV
dialog: (In English)
dialog: Quickly now, half-quota means half-
dialog: rations. Quota is Law here.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: No-one could meet that quota even
dialog: if they were fed and rested.
text: KHABAROV calls for them to follow him. He leads them at
text: a jog deeper into the trees - pointing out various shapes
text: buried in fallen leaves and drifts of snow. He clears
text: away the leaves and snow to reveal a pile of old grey cut
dialog: timber.
speaker_heading: KHABAROV
dialog: Cut last year and never collected!
dialog: Quickly hide them inside your
dialog: fresh cut timber!
text: BOHDAN moving closer. It becomes a race to transport all
text: the old logs to their pile and to conceal them inside the
text: fresh cut logs.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: %
dialog: % Oe
dialog: Hoke
dialog: eo
dialog: *%
dialog: 18
dialog: 19-22
speaker_heading: A23
dialog: 23
scene_heading: Revised 2/10/09 (Blue) 17.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 18
text: They just make it, but BOHDAN notices the end of an old
text: grey log poking out from the center of the stack. He
text: stops his measuring of their quota. A tense moment, then
text: he nods and leaves. KHABAROV crosses from his gang to
dialog: join them.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: He knows.
text: KHABAROV shrugs.
speaker_heading: KHABAROV
text: He knows, but he doesn’t care, as
dialog: long as his arse is protected.
dialog: This is ’Tufta’. Bull-shit.
text: JANUSZ nods his thanks.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 19-22
scene_heading: EXT. A DIRT ROAD THROUGH A FOREST - DUSK A23
text: The long march back to camp. JANUSZ peers left and right
text: toward the beckoning forest. Beside him ZORAN senses his
text: friend might just take off then and there. He places a
text: restraining hand on his arm, as a guard’s voice drifts
text: through the still air:
speaker_heading: GUARD NO. 1
text: A step to the left, a step to the
dialog: right, and I shoot!
scene_heading: INT. BARRACKS - NIGHT 23
text: VOSS and KAZIK are by the stove unwinding their long foot-
text: cloths that most wear in place of socks. KAZIK hangs the
text: damp cloths on the stove to dry and sets out to examine
text: his toes, which are in poor shape, suffering the early
text: stages of frostbite. TOMASZ sits nearby sketching the
text: scene on a sheet of birch-bark, using a piece of
dialog: charcoal.
text: WIDER to see VALKA, looking on in admiration. TOMASZ is
text: uneasy despite the implied compliment. ALKA hands him a
text: sheet of paper, and the stub of a pencil.
speaker_heading: VALKA
dialog: (In English)
dialog: You do for me.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURD )
speaker_heading: KK
dialog: me
dialog: wk
dialog: Ke
dialog: 23
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
scene_heading: Revised 2/10/09 (Blue) 17A.
dialog: 23
speaker_heading: TOMASZ
dialog: You want me to make a sketch of
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: (CONTTNTIED \
dialog: **
dialog: 23
dialog: 24
dialog: 25
scene_heading: Revised 2/25/09 (Pink) 18.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 23
speaker_heading: VALKA
dialog: No. Not me.
text: TOMASZ puzzled.
scene_heading: A BUNK NEAR THE STOVE - SAME TIME 24
text: BOHDAN lies on his bunk, surrounded by several of his
text: tattooed henchmen listening to a story. The storyteller,
text: looking rather uncomfortable, is ZORAN. His Russian is
text: good but for a moment his memory fails him as he
text: desperately tries to recall the next beat in the story.
speaker_heading: BOHDAN
dialog: Keep going and you’1l get some
dialog: bread — so how does this ‘Long
dialog: John Silver’ find the treasure?
speaker_heading: YURI
dialog: I knew a type like that. Remember
dialog: Igor? He had one leg.
speaker_heading: BOHDAN
dialog: Shut up.
speaker_heading: (Then to ZORAN)
dialog: Go on.
text: The story resumes, ZORAN giving it all he’s got, when
text: VALKA appears a sketch in his hand. He passes it to
text: BOHDAN. CLOSE on the sketch — a lusty naked woman.
text: VALKA makes a gesture implying masturbation. BOHDAN
text: examines the drawing before licking the back of it,
text: lifting his shirt, sticking it to his chest, then
text: lowering his shirt again. He waves VALKA away.
scene_heading: JANUSZ’'S BUNK — SAME TIME 25
text: CLOSE on a shirt. woke
text: The shirt lies on JANUSZ’s bunk and it’s moving. A tiny ***
text: subtle movement, but just perceptible, the movement
text: caused by hundreds of lice.
speaker_heading: WIDER,
text: to see this is JANUSZ’s view, KHABAROV there too,
text: watching over his shoulder.
speaker_heading: KHABAROV
dialog: For the lice I have an old folk
dialog: remedy.
speaker_heading: (CONT TNURED )
dialog: 25
dialog: 26
dialog: Revised 2/25/09 (Pink) 19.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 25
text: He picks up the shirt and walks toward the door of the RK
text: barrack, indicating JANUSZ should follow. As he passes wae
text: his bunk he scoops up his own shirt. wee
scene_heading: EXT. CAMP PERIMETER - NIGHT 26
text: KHABAROV leads him toward the wire. From somewhere deep
text: in the bowels of the earth, a low sinister rumbling, the
text: very ground itself shaking momentarily. JANUSZ stops,
text: while KHABAROV keeps walking.
speaker_heading: KHABAROV
text: The mines. They blast at night.
text: He pauses to let JANUSZ catch up, then looking furtively
text: about him, he crouches by a drift of snow.
speaker_heading: KHABAROV (CONT’D)
speaker_heading: Shirt. RK
text: JANUSZ hands him his shirt. He scrapes a hole in the wee
text: snow, buries the shirt, leaving only the tip showing. He ***
dialog: does the same with his own shirt. wee
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: We're going to leave them here
dialog: overnight? Why?
speaker_heading: KHABAROV
dialog: You'll see.
text: JANUSZ stares up at the wire, then to a distant ee
text: watchtower, its searchlight briefly illuminating him.
text: KHABAROV follows his eye-line.
speaker_heading: KHABAROV (CONT'D)
dialog: It can be done.
text: JANUSZ holding his breath.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURD )
dialog: 26
dialog: Revised 2/25/09 (Pink) 20.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: KHABAROV (CONT’D)
text: There is a way through the wire.
text: JANUSZ stares at him.
speaker_heading: KHABAROV (CONT’D)
dialog: Lazar, you've seen him, my
dialog: associate, overseer of
dialog: construction.
dialog: 26
text: He nods toward an area where stockade wall is being
text: replaced with double wire.
speaker_heading: KHABAROV (CONT’D)
dialog: Few ever escape the camps. I’ve
dialog: waited for someone like you,
dialog: someone with the strength and will
dialog: to see it through.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: (Excited)
dialog: Can’t go West - apart from the
dialog: Soviets, there’s the Germans.
dialog: East? All Soviet right to the
dialog: Pacific...it would have to be
dialog: South?
text: KHABAROV nods, beams at him like a teacher with a very
dialog: bright pupil.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ (CONT'D)
dialog: They marched as due North from the
dialog: railway, I glimpsed a lake, but I
dialog: have no idea where we are.
text: KHABAROV squats down, JANUSZ joins him, and smoothing out
text: a drift of snow KHABAROV sketches a map of a lake and
text: indicates the location of the camp.
speaker_heading: KHABAROV
dialog: We believe about 500 kilometers
dialog: north of Lake Baikal.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: We could follow the edge of the
dialog: Lake, it runs due South.
speaker_heading: KHABAROV
dialog: (Nodding)
dialog: Then on to the Trans-Siberian
dialog: Railway. Cross that and you’re
text: close to the Mongolian border.
dialog: And freedom.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURD Y
speaker_heading: aK
speaker_heading: RE
dialog: ae
speaker_heading: aK
speaker_heading: kK
speaker_heading: KKK
speaker_heading: KK
dialog: he
speaker_heading: RR
dialog: ee
speaker_heading: aE
speaker_heading: aK
speaker_heading: RK
dialog: kk
speaker_heading: KKK
speaker_heading: kK
dialog: tok
dialog: seek
dialog: 26
speaker_heading: A27
dialog: 27
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: Revised 3/4/09 (Yellow) 21.
dialog: (2) 26
text: JANUSZ's eyes burn with excitement. KHABAROV takes his
text: arm, as if drawing energy from the younger man.
speaker_heading: KHABAROV (CONT’D)
dialog: Spring is already upon us. It
dialog: would have to be next autumn.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: Why wait?
speaker_heading: KHABAROV
dialog: It’s 1000 kilometers to the
dialog: border, maybe more. We need
text: careful planning, stock-pile food.
dialog: I’ve already begun — trading,
dialog: dealing. You could do the same.
dialog: In the Autumn the weather is
dialog: predictable. We need the early
dialog: snows to cover our tracks.
text: JANUSZ nods.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: What about my friends?
speaker_heading: KHABAROV
dialog: If you trust them. But they won’t
dialog: all survive.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: But they’d die free men.
text: KHABAROV offers his hand, and they shake.
scene_heading: INT. BARRACK ~ NIGHT B27 RRR
text: KHABAROV and JANUSZ enter, having buried the shirt in the **«**
text: snow. KHABAROV indicates LAZAR, sitting on a bunk, and ****
dialog: whispers. eK
speaker_heading: KHABAROV aR
dialog: That’s Lazar. He was architect. ke
text: In Kiev. Now he is grave robber — RK
dialog: me too. (Whispers) We sneak out aK
text: at night. Through the wire. aK
speaker_heading: RRR
text: He moves away.
text: EXT.
speaker_heading: CAMP — DAWN 27
text: To the echoing clang of the hammer and iron, JANUSZ and
text: KHABAROV hurry to where they buried their clothing.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED \
dialog: 27
scene_heading: Revised 3/4/09 (Yellow) 21A.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 27
text: CLOSE on the tips of the cloth showing above the snow — a
text: teeming mound of lice on each.
text: WIDER, as they shake their clothing free of the lice, and
text: hurry over to join the assembly of prisoners at the
text: kitchen servery window for their meagre breakfast ration.
dialog: At the same time the morning ritual of carrying out the
text: bodies of those who have died overnight is underway. The
text: corpses are stacked like cords of wood for burial.
text: JANUSZ pauses, a muttered prayer on his lips. Then he’s
text: passing the hospital barracks — the usual crowd of
dialog: desperately ill prisoners hoping to be admitted, to be
dialog: excused another day of the killing work, the majority
text: turned away. He joins the line at the kitchen. The
dialog: days’ bread ration is being weighed and issued. If not
dialog: exactly 500 grams a little is added or subtracted, the
text: cook keeping trimmed slices, placing them in a tin.
dialog: 28
dialog: 29
speaker_heading: A30
dialog: Revised 2/10/09 (Blue) 22.
scene_heading: EXT. THE ZONE/CAMP EXTERIOR -— DAWN 28
text: Having been counted once, inside the camp, the brigade of
text: prisoners is marched outside the gates where the armed
text: guards who will escort them to work are waiting. GUARD
text: NO. 1 begins counting them again. It’s much colder than
text: usual, prisoners beating their arms to keep warm, a high
text: wind blowing. Khabarov stands with JANUSZ. Ke
speaker_heading: Kk
speaker_heading: KHABAROV
text: Temperature is dropping. Below 60
dialog: they’re not supposed to send us
dialog: out. Know how to tell the
dialog: temperature? You see frosty fog —
dialog: it’s 40 below. If you exhale
text: easily but in a rasping fashion?
dialog: 50 below. When your spit freezes?
text: More than 60 below.
text: He hoiks and spits. Close on the ball of spit mid-air.
text: Freeze-frame. It’s a solid glittering crystal of ice.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 29
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD THROUGH FOREST - DAY A30
text: The freezing wind has picked up considerably, driving a
text: sleet against the column of prisoners, forcing them to a xe
text: halt in an open snow-covered area. The column halts, the **
text: guards anxiously confer - ‘to go back or continue on’?
text: The prisoners shiver in the biting cold, some collapse,
text: their fellow prisoners unwilling or unable to help them.
text: JANUSZ and his friends find themselves near SMITH and
text: watch as he hails a GUARD.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: (Shouts in Russian)
dialog: We need to make shelter.
speaker_heading: GUARD NO. 1
dialog: Who asked you?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: We’ll freeze tc death in less than
dialog: an hour.
speaker_heading: GUARD NO. 1
dialog: I couldn't give a fuck if you drop
text: dead right now.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNUED \
speaker_heading: A30
speaker_heading: AB30
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: Revised 2/25/09 (Pink) 23.
speaker_heading: A30
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Yes, but lose 200 men and you’ll
dialog: have some forms to fill out.
dialog: Could go badly for you.
text: The GUARD dimly considers this. The prisoners begin to
text: stir, some shouting out that they should turn back. The
text: GUARD alarmed, orders the prisoners to the ground - other
text: guards level their rifles as the mass of men lay down on
text: the freezing ground. All but SMITH.
speaker_heading: SMITH (CONT’D)
dialog: We could move into the forest,
dialog: find shelter!
speaker_heading: GUARD NO. 1
dialog: Lie down!
text: The GUARD is about to leave when to his astonishment, and
text: that of the other prisoners, SMITH begins to walk toward
text: the forest edging the road.
text: The GUARD draws his pistol.
text: On the ground ZORAN lies beside JANUSZ, as they watch the
text: unfolding drama.
text: GUARD NO. 1 shouts for SMITH to return, others raise
text: their rifles, waiting for his order to fire. He is
text: conflicted, and after a tense moment gestures for them to
dialog: lower their weapons.
speaker_heading: GUARD NO. 1 (CONT’D)
dialog: Let the prisoners take shelter in
dialog: the trees! Shoot anyone who makes
dialog: a run for it!
text: JANUSZ stares after SMITH,
dialog: courage.
scene_heading: FOREST, LATER — DAY
dialog: admiring of his reckless
speaker_heading: AB30
text: The men work frantically collecting fallen timber. SMITH
text: watches as VOSS picks up a massive log, places it on his
text: shoulder and carries it to where JANUSZ is supervising
text: the building of their shelter. Most of the other
text: prisoners have just piled snow up around bundles of
dialog: sticks to make windbreaks,
dialog: something more elaborate.
dialog: but JANUSZ is building
text: SMITH’s eyes miss nothing as
text: he notes JANUSZ’s skill and the way the others work as a
text: team under his direction.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURD \
dialog: Re
speaker_heading: kK
dialog: Oke
dialog: ake
speaker_heading: aK
speaker_heading: aR
speaker_heading: AB30
speaker_heading: AC30
dialog: Revised 2/25/09 (Pink) 24.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: AB30
text: Some distance away VALKA huddles alone against the trunk
text: of a tree. He too, is watching JANUSZ organize shelter
dialog: for the group.
scene_heading: LATER STILL. AC30
text: JANUSZ calls KHABAROV to join them, but he declines ae
text: politely. He moves on to find SMITH - invites him back He
text: to their improvised shelter. As SMITH sits, ZORAN offers ***
text: his hand.
speaker_heading: ZORAN
dialog: You are brave man - Dragan Zoran, KK
dialog: Yugoslav ... this is Janusz
dialog: Wieszczek ... the youngster is
dialog: Kazik, both Polish.
dialog: (They nod to SMITH)
dialog: Voss
dialog: Andrejs Voss, Latvian.
speaker_heading: ZORAN
dialog: (It’s a League of Nations.) RK
dialog: English our common language!
text: SMITH nods.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: And you're ...?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Smith.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: Your first name?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Mister.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: Mister Smith?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: That’s right.
text: As the blizzard grows in intensity, JANUSZ reaches into
text: his pocket for strips of pine-bark collected earlier. He
text: hands them out to his companions. They watch as he chews
text: on the bark. The others follow his example.
text: Watching from a short distance away is GUARD NO. 1. He
text: takes note of the group as future troublemakers.
speaker_heading: AD30
dialog: 30
dialog: 31
dialog: Revised 2/10/09 (Blue) 25.
scene_heading: INT. BARRACKS — DAWN AD30
text: The men are stirring, struggling up to face another day,
text: when the door opens, and in a flurry of snow, GUARD NO. 1
text: enters with another soldier. He orders SMITH, JANUSZ and
text: his group to fall out. As he passes SMITH —
speaker_heading: GUARD NO. 1
dialog: (In Russian)
dialog: You don’t like being out in the
dialog: cold, do you Cowboy?
text: And as he moves away SMITH mutters to JANUSZ.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Might as well have shot us
dialog: yesterday.
text: JANUSZ and the others look at him.
speaker_heading: SMITH (CONT'D)
dialog: We’re for the mine.
scene_heading: INT. MINE - DAY 30
text: A labyrinth of twisting tunnels leading down into the
text: frozen earth. Dim lights silhouette ghostly figures
text: working with pick and shovel. Occasionally the muffled
text: sound of a distant explosion as a gallery is blasted yet
text: deeper. Mingling with these eerie sounds something more
text: sinister — the hacking coughs of those who’ve done the
dialog: most time in this frozen hell.
text: The man working beside JANUSZ wields a pick, JANUSZ
text: shovelling out the rock as it breaks up. The man pauses
text: to light a smoke. His fingers have moulded themselves
text: into the shape of his pick-handle — they are like hooks,
text: the man unable to straighten his fingers. He holds the
text: cigarette with the tips of his fingers, as if his hand
text: was an artificial limb. JANUSZ looks around desperately,
text: fighting off an overwhelming feeling of claustrophobia.
text: Despite the cold, sweat beads on his forehead.
scene_heading: INT. DEEPER IN THE MINE - DAY 31
text: KAZIK and a man known as ‘THE PROF’, drag a cart laden
text: with rock up a steep incline. They wear horse collars
text: attached to the cart by leather harnesses.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURFD)
dialog: 31
dialog: 32
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 31
text: THE PROF’s wasted frame and sallow complexion are in
text: contrast to his lively intelligent eyes. He says
text: something to KAZIK in Russian. He shakes his head. He
text: doesn’t speak Russian. THE PROF tries German, then
dialog: English.
speaker_heading: KAZIK
dialog: English, yes.
text: They share a smile.
speaker_heading: PROF
dialog: I was only saying, these collars -
dialog: the same used by ancient Egyptian
dialog: people.
speaker_heading: KAZIK
dialog: Yes, but on their horses probably.
speaker_heading: PROF
dialog: No. Same. On people.
speaker_heading: KAZIK
dialog: How do you know that?
speaker_heading: PROF
dialog: I was professor of Egyptology.
dialog: Leningrad University.
text: KAZIK manages a look at his companion, before putting
text: even more effort into dragging the load.
scene_heading: INT. ANOTHER PART OF THE MINE - DAY 32
text: A man, enveloped in clouds of white steam, points a long
text: pipe at the frozen rock and gravel - the heat making it
dialog: easier for the pick and shovel men to dig. This is the
text: ‘POINT-MAN’, and he opens and shuts valves on the pipe-
text: stem which regulates the hot steam that travels along
text: pipes leading back to a primitive boiler. Men try to
text: warm themselves by working near the POINT-MAN, and when
text: the guards are not around they clutch the pipes in their
text: hands gaining a few moments of precious warmth.
dialog: SMITH knows how to work the system and has found a spot
text: here working beside the POINT-MAN. He looks across to
text: see JANUSZ staggering up the slope toward the distant
text: mine entrance, where a guard can be seen silhouetted
text: against the light. He watches a moment, something not
text: right about JANUSZ. He lays his shovel aside and hurries
dialog: after him.
dialog: 33
dialog: 34
dialog: 27.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. TUNNEL - DAY 33
dialog: *
text: JANUSZ scrambling toward the surface. He stumbles, falls
text: to his knees. He looks down, sees something on the
dialog: ground.
dialog: *
dialog: *
scene_heading: JANUSZ‘S VISION - DAY
text: Something buried in the dirt and rubble - paving stones.
text: He clears away the debris to reveal a stone path.
text: Looking up he sees the path leads to a gate framed by a
text: hedge. His P.O.V. as he moves up the path to the gate.
text: His unseen hand opens the gate. Now the view is of the
text: path as he walks forward - a series of worn flagstones,
text: then the camera tilts up to see a closed front door. A
text: pan to the left of the door - to see a loose brick in the
dialog: wall.
speaker_heading: eH HF
scene_heading: INT./EXT. TUNNEL — DAY 34
text: CLOSE on JANUSZ, as SMITH is suddenly beside him,
text: grabbing his arm and swinging him into the darkness of an
text: adjoining tunnel.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Are you crazy? They’1l shoot you.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: Got to get out!
text: SMITH stares at him. He’s delirious and begins to shake
text: with cold. SMITH grabs his shoulder and drags him back
text: to where the POINI-MAN works, thrusting JANUSZ’s hands
text: around the pipe. The POINT-MAN waves them away but SMITH
text: bribes him with a slice of bread. SMITH turns back to
text: JANUSZ - the warmth of the pipe beginning to have its
dialog: effect.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ (CONT’D)
dialog: It can be done.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: What can be done? *
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
text: He knows a way through the wire.
text: SMITH slaps a hand over his mouth, glancing at the Point-
text: Man, before dragging JANUSZ further away.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 34
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 28.
dialog: 34
speaker_heading: JANUSZ (CONT'D)
dialog: (a whisper)
text: He has a plan.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: His name is Khabarov.
text: Now SMITH understands.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: The actor.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: You know him?
speaker_heading: SMITH
text: He has no intention of escaping.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: He’s a liar. Been here for years
dialog: - seeks out new arrivals, me when
dialog: I first came here. He just likes
dialog: to talk about escape. I’ve known
dialog: others like him.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: Why should I believe you?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: Nothing is for nothing in the
dialog: camps. From you he gets your
dialog: energy, your spirit. You feed his
dialog: ‘dream’ of escape. You help keep
text: him alive. He’s no more than a
dialog: leech.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: You‘re a cold bastard, Mister.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: I’m still alive, that’s all I
dialog: know. But I won’t be in six
dialog: months. And neither will you.
dialog: Not in the mines. So, if you’re
dialog: serious about making a run for it —
dialog: I’m in.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 34
dialog: 35
dialog: 36
dialog: 37
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 34
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: I thought you were a loner?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Can’t be done alone. Besides you
dialog: have a weakness that could be
dialog: useful to me.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: And what’s that?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Compassion. If anything happens
dialog: to me, I’m counting on you
dialog: carrying me.
text: JANUSZ knows he’s not joking.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMP KITCHEN, SAME TIME - NIGHT 35
text: It is snowing heavily, and after swallowing their soup,
text: JANUSZ and his friends walk back to the barracks. KAZIK
text: stumbles, and is helped to his feet by VOSS. He limps on
text: to the barrack a hand resting for support on VOSS’
text: shoulder. JANUSZ is preoccupied and he hesitates at the
text: door, turns, and looks back. After a moment staring at
text: the ground he hurries inside.
scene_heading: INT. BARRACKS - NIGHT 36
text: JANUSZ has a puzzled KHABAROV by the arm, guiding him
text: back to the door.
scene_heading: EXT. BARRACKS - NIGHT 37
text: He points to the ground - CLOSE on footprints as they
text: rapidly disappear under the heavy snowfall.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: Tonight.
text: KHABAROV looks from the footprints to JANUSZ, a horrified
text: look on his face.
speaker_heading: KHABAROV
dialog: It’s a passing storm!
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: It'll do, it’ll cover our tracks.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: *
speaker_heading: OH + HOH
dialog: 37
dialog: Revised 2/10/09 (Blue) 30.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 37
speaker_heading: KHABAROV
dialog: Impossible! We need preparation,
dialog: detailed plans, maps ...
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: (overlap)
dialog: The timing will never be perfect, ae
dialog: they won't expect it now!
speaker_heading: KHABAROV
dialog: But the distances! And food!
dialog: What about food?
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: We've been trading, the American
dialog: is with us. He has food, you have
dialog: food.
speaker_heading: KHABAROV
dialog: How long will that last?
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: I’ve spent half my life in the
dialog: woods and mountains. We’ll live
dialog: off the land.
speaker_heading: KHABAROV
dialog: It can’t be done!
text: JANUSZ shocked at the change in his friends’ demeanor,
text: the appalling realization that SMITH was right about him.
text: He seizes his arm.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: How do we get through the wire?
speaker_heading: KHABAROV
dialog: I don’t know what you're talking
dialog: about.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: Your friend, Lazar, he knows
dialog: doesn’t he?
text: A look of fear crosses KHABAROV’s face. Someone behind
text: JANUSZ. JANUSZ turns. VALKA, a few paces away watching
text: them. KHABAROV scuttles back inside the barracks.
text: JANUSZ hesitates a moment, then follows.
speaker_heading: A38
speaker_heading: AB38
dialog: Revised 2/10/09 (Blue) 31.
scene_heading: INT. BARRACKS — NIGHT A38
text: In the last minutes before lights out the would-be
text: escapees make discreet preparations. Clothing and other
text: items are traded for food and tobacco. The COOK and
text: BOHDAN are at the center of the camp black-market and
text: most of the trading is done with them. TOMASZ trades
text: more pornographic sketches with BOHDAN while KAZIK tries
text: to trade his scarf for a pair of boots - his own being in
text: poor shape. VOSS sits beside him, and notices that KAZIK
text: does not look directly at his shoes or the scarf, but is
text: doing everything by feel. As they move away VOSS
text: whispers to him.
dialog: Voss
dialog: You can’t see, can you?
text: A look of panic crosses the boy’s face.
speaker_heading: KAZIK
dialog: (Whispers)
dialog: Don’t leave me behind!
dialog: VOSS conflicted.
speaker_heading: KAZIK (CONT'D)
dialog: Promise me, Andrejs! I could keep
dialog: a hand on your shoulder by night,
dialog: and in the day I can see just
dialog: fine. I won’t hold you up.
dialog: Please don’t tell them. I’11 die
dialog: here.
text: JANUSZ and SMITH sit in a darkened corner working on
text: LAZAR. They want to know how to get through the wire.
text: He is reluctant until SMITH produces a wristwatch from
text: his boot. The strapless watch, of good make, settles the
text: deal, just as the light flickers and goes out plunging
text: the barracks into darkness.
scene_heading: EXT. THE CAMP —- NIGHT AB38
text: Several shots of the wind driven snow whipping about the
dialog: buildings.
speaker_heading: Kk
speaker_heading: Kk
dialog: ek
dialog: wk
dialog: ee
speaker_heading: ax
dialog: 38
dialog: Revised 2/10/09 (Blue) 32.
scene_heading: INT. BARRACKS - LATER THAT NIGHT 38
text: The wooden building creaks and heaves like a ship at sea
text: as the storm builds into a fully fledged blizzard. The
text: sounds of the sleeping men, the usual cries and groans,
text: hacking coughs, all mix into the howl of the storm.
text: CLOSE on the conspirators lying awake — SMITH, VOSS,
text: KAZIK, TOMASZ and ZORAN. SMITH looks across to JANUSZ,
text: catches his eye. A signal from JANUSZ, ‘not yet’.
text: KHABAROV too, is awake. He jumps at any unexpected
text: sound, checks his horde of food in the hiding place at
text: the base of his bunk, as if expecting at any moment to be
text: attacked and robbed. He sees a shadow. Someone moving
text: about near him, a look of terror on his face.
speaker_heading: LATER,
text: JANUSZ lies on his back listening to the storm. A
text: movement beside him, then a knife pressed against his
text: throat. It’s VALKA. He grins, steel-capped teeth, his
text: cross dangling from his neck. JANUSZ goes still.
speaker_heading: VALKA
dialog: There are no secrets here.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: VALKA
dialog: The game goes against me. Small
dialog: debt - lose fingers. Big debt, **
dialog: they take head. Me, big debt.
dialog: But one thing I never gamble is my
dialog: Wolf.
text: He removes the knife from JANUSZ’s throat, tilts the
text: blade to show a wolf’s head incised into the blade.
speaker_heading: VALKA (CONT’D)
dialog: **
dialog: In forest you need knife to
dialog: survive. Without? A miracle.
text: He leans in close to JANUSZ’s ear.
speaker_heading: VALKA (CONT'D)
dialog: You need a knife, and I need
dialog: miracle to get me out of here.
text: With a conjurer’s ease he spins the knife in his fingers
text: and arches his eyebrows — ‘Deal’?
dialog: 39
dialog: 40
dialog: al
dialog: 42
dialog: 33.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMP PERIMETER — DAWN 39
text: Heavy snow still falling as shadowy figures run toward
text: the wire. Shouted commands and the beam of a searchlight
text: isolates them - not the fugitives, but a group of guards.
text: They’ve found a gap in the wire. A great yelping and
text: baying as the dog-handlers join them, releasing the dogs
text: into the gap, then following them toward the distant
dialog: forest.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST, SIBERIA -— DAWN 40
text: Then seven fugitives, now including VALKA, weave in and
text: out of the trees at a fast jog. Snow whirls about them,
text: as, gasping for breath, they attempt to keep up with
text: JANUSZ. In the rear KAZIK holds onto VOSS’ rope belt,
text: occasionally stumbling, but VOSS has him up and on his
text: feet fast enough to keep up with the others.
text: JANUSZ pauses briefly every now and then to study the
text: moss growing on the North side of tree-trunks, before
text: plunging on Southward.
scene_heading: FURTHER ALONG ... 41
text: They top a rise to a clearing and pause to catch their
text: breath. The snow continues to fall but JANUSZ will allow
text: no rest and moves off without a backward glance.
scene_heading: FURTHER STILL ... 42
text: JANUSZ is out in front when SMITH stops, resting his
text: hands on his knees, gulping for air. The others stop
text: too, VALKA dropping to his knees. JANUSZ runs back to
text: VALKA, drags him to his feet.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: Get up. Or we die right now. You
dialog: know how fast dogs travel.
text: He turns to the others.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ (CONT’D)
dialog: Run, damn you! Run!
text: He moves to SMITH.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ (CONT’D)
dialog: Is it time for me to carry you?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: He HH
speaker_heading: + oF
dialog: 42
dialog: 43
dialog: Revised 2/25/09 (Pink) 34.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 42
text: SMITH waves him away, gets up and continues.
scene_heading: EXT. ANOTHER PART OF THE FOREST — DAY 43
text: A feeble light penetrates the forest as day begins. The
text: snow still falling heavily as the men stumble into a deep
text: depression, and facing a steep climb find they can go no
text: further. KAZIK turns his face to the light. His sight
text: is returning with the day and he nods gratefully to VOSS.
text: In the deep stillness the sound of distant voices. They
text: look about them. Hard to tell the direction of the
text: sound. JANUSZ is on his feet - there’s plenty of fallen
text: timber but no obvious place to hide. He draws a circle
text: in the snow, mimes digging to the others, then turns to
text: VALKA, whispers.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: Knife.
dialog: VALKA has never taken an order from a ‘Political’ in his
dialog: short life.
speaker_heading: VALKA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: your knife.
text: With a glance to the others he reluctantly draws his
text: knife from his boot and passes it to JANUSZ.
text: While the group furiously dig, JANUSZ collects and trims
text: fallen timber. As the hole deepens, JANUSZ begins to
text: make a trellis roof. The voices change direction. They
dialog: go still. Are they surrounded? They resume their
text: digging with greater intensity, the hole now more than a
text: meter at its deepest, JANUSZ placing the branches to
dialog: cover their hide.
dialog: ke
dialog: 44-46
speaker_heading: A47
speaker_heading: AB47
speaker_heading: AC47
dialog: 47
dialog: Revised 2/25/09 (Pink) 35.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 44-46
scene_heading: EXT FOREST -— DAY BAT
text: Several angles on the forest. Utter stillness. Light
text: snow falling.
scene_heading: EXT. THE HIDE, FOREST -— DAY AB47
text: Camera moves slowly toward their hide, wisps of vapor
text: rise from below the surface. The Russian voices are
text: closer now.
scene_heading: INT. THE HIDE - DAY AC47
text: It’s like an Indian sweat-lodge as the fugitives sit
text: shoulder to shoulder in a tight circle, ears straining,
text: sweat running down their faces. The voices closer still.
text: A tense moment, and then they are passing, the voices
text: fading into silence.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRYSIDE, SIBERIA - NIGHT 47
text: The strong wind drives snow and sleet horizontally, and
text: as they push forward they cover their faces to keep the
text: snow from throat and lungs. VALKA, his arm wrapped
text: defensively across his eyes, staggers and falls to his
text: knees. JANUSZ turns back, drags him to his feet. KAZIK
text: hangs onto the back of VOSS’ coat, VOSS at times
text: literally dragging him along.
dialog: ae
speaker_heading: aK
dialog: 48
dialog: 49
dialog: 50
speaker_heading: A51
scene_heading: Revised 3/11/09 (Goldenrod) 36.
scene_heading: EXT. A TREE, FOREST - NIGHT 48
text: With VALKA’s knife JANUSZ cuts a square of bark, pulls it
text: from the tree, cuts two triangular holes some centimeters
text: apart, then rams the base of the bark piece into VALKA’S
text: collar. It’s a crude mask.
scene_heading: EXT. THE PROCESSION, FOREST - NIGHT 49
text: The group, all now wearing the improvised snow-masks,
text: push forward against the wind, looking like a tribe from
text: some distant age dressed in ceremonial masks.
scene_heading: EXT. ANOTHER PART OF THE FOREST - NIGHT. 50
text: JANUSZ in the lead, some fifty paces ahead, but he’s
text: stopped, thigh-deep in the snow, as still as a statue.
text: The others catch up, puzzled. SMITH calls to him, lifts
text: his mask. He’s asleep. SMITH shakes him back to
text: consciousness, all the while the storm continues at full
dialog: force.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: We’ve got to make fire!
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: No! You saw how close they were!
text: KAZIK sinks to the snow, then ZORAN.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: We die either way, might as well
dialog: die warm.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST, LATER - NIGHT A51
text: A hole scraped out of the snow and a wind-break of fallen
text: timber, is all they can manage in their exhausted state.
text: Down in the hole JANUSZ is striking a spark from a flint.
text: Some are fading fast, KAZIK keeps falling asleep, to be
text: shaken awake by TOMASZ. MR. SMITH is splitting wood into
text: ever finer shavings, ready to feed a nascent fire. Still
text: the damp kindling will not catch.
text: They draw closer together for warmth, draping their arms
text: over each other’s shoulders. ZORAN’s head drops to his
text: chest. TOMASZ shakes him.
speaker_heading: TOMASZ
dialog: Sleep and you die. Tell us a
dialog: story.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURD
speaker_heading: ASI
speaker_heading: AB51
speaker_heading: AC51
scene_heading: Revised 3/11/09 (Goldenrod) 37.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: A51
text: The other look to ZORAN, and fighting the desire to
text: sleep, he begins. VALKA loves a good story, and despite
text: their desperate situation he listens with the attention
text: and concentration of a small child.
speaker_heading: ZORAN
dialog: Once upon a time, in the days of
dialog: wooden ships, there was a great
text: storm in far away seas. A
text: merchant ship hurried toward big
text: rocks, lightening in the sky, the
text: waves as high as house-tops.
dialog: Very, very cold, brrr! The ship
text: smashed onto the rocks, the
dialog: sailors cried in fear, called out
dialog: to God, but they all drowned. All
dialog: but one, Mr. Robinson Crusoe. He
text: woke to find himself all alone on
dialog: a desert island. For many years
dialog: he lived without any human
dialog: companions, until one day he saw
dialog: something shocking! What was it?
text: A human footprint. He was no
dialog: longer alone. But was the
dialog: stranger friend or foe? Another
dialog: ship wrecked sailor? Or, a
dialog: cannibal?
text: All turn as a flicker of flame begins at the base of the
text: kindling. While JANUSZ blows at the flame, MR. SMITH
text: feeds in small shavings. The group watch with the awe
dialog: and wonder usually reserved for child-birth. Then
text: everyone is making a contribution - adding a few leaves,
text: or tiny twigs, like offerings, as the fire grows and
dialog: spreads.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST, CAMPFIRE — DAWN AB51
text: A comfortable blaze, the group, minus JANUSZ, sleep or
text: drowse in the life-giving warmth, when a pile of snow
text: lands on the fire. The others react. It’s JANUSZ. He
text: heaps on more snow and the fire sputters out.
text: By the time the others are on their feet JANUSZ is almost
text: out of sight and they hurry to catch up, fearful of being
dialog: left behind.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. SHELTER, FOREST - DAY AC51
text: Ruins, deep in the forest. From the overgrown rubble
text: they build a shelter, discovering as they do, evidence
text: that this was once a small, remote, Soviet gulag.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNUED }
scene_heading: 4 FH HH HH AH HHH HH A AHHH HH FH HK
dialog: +
speaker_heading: AC51
scene_heading: Revised 3/11/09 (Goldenrod) 37A.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: AC51
text: LATER, the fugitives sit shoulder to shoulder in a tight
text: circle. They shiver in their padded jackets, rub frozen
text: limbs. VALKA looks up to find SMITH staring at him.
speaker_heading: VALKA
dialog: You stare at me like the snake at
dialog: the rabbit or is it the other
dialog: way ‘round?
dialog: 
text: VALKA turns to the others with a silver-toothed smile,
text: indicates SMITH.
speaker_heading: VALKA (CONT’D)
dialog: He teach me English. Speak good,
dialog: huh? Bread for words, wasn’t it
dialog: cowboy?
text: SMITH holds his gaze a moment before being distracted by
text: a thumping sound outside. The group go very still. A
text: second thump, overhead this time. VALKA draws his knife.
text: A trickle of snow falls through the vent in the roof.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
text: Snow, falling from trees.
text: They relax a little.
speaker_heading: KAZIK
dialog: When can we travel by day?
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: When I say.
speaker_heading: (CONT TNUED }
dialog: Revised 2/10/09 (Blue) 38.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) AC51
text: KAZIK glances at VOSS.
speaker_heading: TOMASZ
dialog: How far have we come?
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: Twenty, thirty kilometers. ae
speaker_heading: ZORAN
dialog: Is that all?
speaker_heading: VALKA
dialog: Less, if we've been going in
dialog: circles, like the chicken without
text: its head.
speaker_heading: TOMASZ
dialog: (to JANUSZ) ae
dialog: How can you tell we’re heading **
dialog: South?
speaker_heading: ZORAN
dialog: He reads the trees, don’t you?
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: Something like that.
text: He spreads out a piece of cloth on the snow at his feet.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ (CONT'D)
dialog: Alright, let’s see what you’ve
dialog: got.
text: No one moves. JANUSZ reaches into his own pockets,
text: emptying the contents onto the cloth — several slices of
text: bread, half a kilo of buckwheat, some dried meat, a
text: swatch of tobacco. SMITH goes next with a larger store
text: of bread and a little salt. VOSS has a collection of
text: small fish-heads which he adds to the store. TOMASZ, **
text: KAZIK and ZORAN make their contributions. They stare **
text: grimly at their limited food supply. Various other items **
text: are added - a razor blade, a length of cord, a piece of ae
text: barbed-wire, etc. SMITH picks up the barbed wire, **
dialog: examines it.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ (CONT’D)
dialog: Valka?
text: VALKA reluctantly reaches into his coat — something
text: familiar about it with its distinctive fur-lined collar.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ (CONT’D)
dialog: That’s Khabarov’s coat.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURD )
speaker_heading: AC51
speaker_heading: AD51
speaker_heading: AE51
dialog: Revised 2/10/09 (Blue) 39.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) AC51
text: He smiles at JANUSZ as he produces a bulging sack from
text: inside his coat.
speaker_heading: VALKA (CONT’D.)
dialog: Yes...and...
text: From the sack he produces KHABAROV’s hoarded supply of
text: food and other items. Off JANUSZ’s reaction -
speaker_heading: VALKA (CONT’D)
dialog: He was going to inform. Don’t
dialog: worry. I talk to him. Everything
dialog: o.k.
text: He puts the goods back in the sack and goes to place it
text: inside his coat.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: We share.
text: JANUSZ reaches out for the sack of food. VALKA glances
text: at the others, then passes it to him. TOMASZ has already
text: begun to organize seven slices of bread laying one of
text: VOSS's fish heads on each one. He hands them out. They
text: eat in silence, savoring every bite. ZORAN removes the
text: fish-head, passing it back to TOMASZ. Then he places a
text: thin layer of snow on the bread like a canape. He eats
text: daintily, his little finger extended like a dowager at a
text: tea party, raising a smile from his exhausted companions.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - NIGHT. AD51
text: The wind is rising, whipping flurries of snow through the
text: trees. SMITH and JANUSZ are in the lead. SMITH refers
text: back to VALKA.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: You’ve made a bargain with the
dialog: Devil.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: (terse)
dialog: Have you got a knife?
text: They move on in silence, JANUSZ not liking his bargain
dialog: any more than SMITH.
scene_heading: LATER, THAT NIGHT BE51
text: SMITH finds himself walking beside VALKA.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURD \
dialog: *k
speaker_heading: Kk
speaker_heading: AESL
dialog: 51
dialog: 52
dialog: Revised 2/25/09 (Pink) 40.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: AE51
speaker_heading: VALKA
text: For direction he looks at grass
dialog: and mosses, what’s that? I swear
dialog: to God he better know what he’s
dialog: doing.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: You should be grateful you’re here
dialog: at all.
speaker_heading: VALKA
dialog: Gratitude is for dogs.
text: He moves away from SMITH, his eyes fixed on JANUSZ, who
text: is again studying moss on the side of a tree.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - DAWN 51
text: The group in the shelter of the trees. The sky is
text: overcast but at least it’s not too cold. Everywhere
text: about is deep snow from the recent storm. TOMASZ KKK
text: prepares a meal from their dry rations, small portions
dialog: for men who have expended so much energy. KAZIK examines
text: his swollen blistered feet. VALKA has his boots off,
text: shaking them.
speaker_heading: VALKA (TO KAZIK)
text: Clean inside boots, foot-cloths.
text: KAZIK copies him.
speaker_heading: VALKA (CONT'D)
text: Man on run — one tiny piece of
dialog: sand can make cripple, I swear to
dialog: God.
text: The others are listening, and some do likewise.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - NIGHT 52
text: With lengths of wood as ‘ski-poles’, the group begin to laid
text: make up lost time. VOSS has lashed his rope-belt to
text: KAZIK who walks behind him. SMITH wonders about this,
text: but says nothing. They pause at the top of a rise
text: amongst the trees, on hearing the sound of dogs howling
text: from behind.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: Wolves ... it’s only wolves.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURD )
dialog: 52
speaker_heading: A53
dialog: 53
dialog: 54-61
speaker_heading: A62
dialog: Revised 2/10/09 (Blue) 41.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 52
text: Relieved, they continue forward.
speaker_heading: ZORAN
dialog: ‘Only wolves’, great.
speaker_heading: THE SUN A53
text: From behind clouds, the sun appears, shafting light
text: toward the earth.
scene_heading: EXT. RIDGE, MOUNTAIN TOP, SIBERIA — DAY 53
text: The upturned faces of the fugitives. Sun worshipers all.
text: JANUSZ a short distance away. He plants his ‘ski-pole’
text: in the snow, marking the tip of its shadow with a pine-
text: cone. They watch as he draws a line in the snow from the
text: second marker — about a foot in length. Then he stands,
text: and with the toe of his left foot at the first pine-cone
text: and the toe of his right foot at the end of the line in
text: the snow, he points, calling to them.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: South! To Lake Baikal!
text: Cheers from the watching group.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ (CONT'D)
dialog: Now we travel by day.
text: They move off down toward a distant valley, ZORAN the
text: last to leave, doubt on his face as he studies the series
text: of seemingly endless forested hills stretching before
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 54-61
scene_heading: LATER STILL — DAY A62
text: The group push on with renewed energy. VALKA hurries to
dialog: keep up with JANUSZ.
speaker_heading: VALKA
dialog: You are the ‘Pakhan’.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: What’s ‘Pakhan’?
speaker_heading: (CONT TNUED Y
speaker_heading: Kk
speaker_heading: Kk
dialog: ak
dialog: ee
dialog: ae
dialog: **
speaker_heading: aK
dialog: ee
dialog: *k
dialog: *k
dialog: ae
dialog: *k
dialog: ak
speaker_heading: A62
dialog: 62
dialog: Revised 3/17/09 (Cherry) 42.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: A62
speaker_heading: VALKA
dialog: Boss of criminals.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: We're not criminals, we’re
text: escaping from criminals.
speaker_heading: VALKA
dialog: I swear to God you win my respect
dialog: with your sticks and pine-cones.
dialog: I'll stand between you and death.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: You want to be my bodyguard?
speaker_heading: VALKA
dialog: It’s the Urka way. You have me
dialog: -+.- and you have the Wolf.
text: He touches the knife in its bark sheath at his belt.
text: JANUSZ increases the pace, VALKA pushing himself to keep
text: up with his ’Pakhan’.
scene_heading: EXT. LATER, FIRESIDE — DUSK 62
text: The fugitives settle for the coming night. As TOMASZ
text: unpacks their meagre food supply JANUSZ sketches a map on
text: a piece of birch-bark. The other sit exhausted, some
text: close to sleep, except SMITH who is working the piece of
text: barbed wire from KHABAROV’s stash.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ (V.O.)
dialog: I have us here somewhere.
text: Above Lake Baikal their former camp is marked. South of
text: the lake, the Trans-Siberian Railway, a little further
text: South the Russo/Mongolian border. With a twig he points
text: to a spot seemingly not far from the prison camp.
text: WIDER to see the disappointed faces of the group — the
text: distance yet to cover overwhelming.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ (CONT’D)
dialog: (to VALKA)
dialog: Are you going all the way?
speaker_heading: VALKA
dialog: To Mongolia? No. I go further.
dialog: To America.
text: The first SMITH has heard of this. TOMASZ turns from
text: examining their store of food.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURD \
dialog: OR be
dialog: 62
dialog: Revised 3/17/09 (Cherry) 43.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 62
speaker_heading: TOMASZ
dialog: We have food for another week.
speaker_heading: VALKA
dialog: We need meat.
speaker_heading: VOSS
dialog: I can make traps.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: We'll be moving too fast to wait
dialog: for traps.
speaker_heading: VALKA
dialog: We find farms, villages, get food
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: There’s a bounty on our heads.
speaker_heading: VALKA
dialog: We steal it. At night. They
dialog: never know.
speaker_heading: VOSS
dialog: We're not thieves.
speaker_heading: VALKA
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Then I’1l steal it, and I’1l eat.
dialog: You can watch.
text: SMITH is working the length of barbed-wire someone added
text: earlier to their communal store. His fingers are
text: bleeding as he struggles to separate the strands of wire.
speaker_heading: ZORAN (TO SMITH)
dialog: What’s that?
speaker_heading: SMITH
text: Barbed-wire.
text: ZORAN puzzled, but TOMASZ gets it.
speaker_heading: TOMASZ
text: He’s making a fish-hook.
text: JANUSZ smiles at SMITH’s ingenuity.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: It’s how we’ll survive isn’t it,
dialog: Mister?
speaker_heading: ZORAN
dialog: Fish? I don’t eat fish.
speaker_heading: (CONT TNTIRD \
dialog: 62
dialog: 63
dialog: 64
dialog: 65
dialog: Revised 3/17/09 (Cherry) 44.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 62
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Then you’ll die.
text: KAZIK has a far-away look in his sight-less eyes. He
text: speaks in Polish to JANUSZ.
speaker_heading: VOSS
dialog: What does he say?
speaker_heading: TOMASZ
dialog: He asked Janusz if he believes in
dialog: God's forgiveness.
text: This has come from seemingly nowhere.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Save your philosophy. Concentrate
dialog: on keeping up with us instead.
text: He gets up and goes in search of more wood, the others
text: surprised at his cold tone.
text: The rest of the group also begin to prepare their camp.
text: Most gather wood while TOMASZ, the ‘quartermaster’, makes
text: their meal, and JANUSZ the fire. VOSS keeps an eye on
text: KAZIK who, demonstrating his independence while it’s
text: still light, and his desire to contribute, returns with a
text: load of wood, turning back into the forest for more.
text: Others gather wood, and as the light fades, begin to take
text: up positions by the growing fire, roll cigarettes, etc.
text: VOSS looks anxiously for KAZIK. He has not returned.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 63
speaker_heading: OMITTED 64
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST — DUSK A65
text: KAZIK lost. He moves along a right to left trajectory,
text: i.e. North, heading away for the campsite, his sight
text: beginning to fade with the light.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPSITE -— NIGHT 65
text: The group range out from the fire calling KAZIK’s name.
text: VOSS turns to JANUSZ.
speaker_heading: VOSS,
text: He has night-blindness.
speaker_heading: tee dH eH
dialog: 66
scene_heading: Revised 3/17/09 (Cherry) 44A.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST — NIGHT 66
text: KAZIK stumbling through the whiteout. He stops. Did he
text: hear his name? He moves on, pleased to find by his side
text: the Professor from the mine.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURED Y
dialog: 66
dialog: 67
dialog: 68
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 66
speaker_heading: KAZIK
dialog: I thought I was alone!
speaker_heading: PROF.
dialog: I’ve been walking with you for
dialog: some time.
speaker_heading: KAZIK
dialog: I’1ll just sit for a minute.
text: The PROF. sits beside him.
speaker_heading: PROF.
text: Not far to go.
text: He points, and KAZIK sees - the Pyramids of Giza, deep
text: inside the fog.
speaker_heading: KAZIK
dialog: We made it. We really made it.
dialog: Isn’t that something.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPSITE —- DAWN 67
text: They find KAZIK not a hundred yards from where they
text: camped. The weather has broken, the fog gone. He sits
text: looking toward them, his bare feet stretched out before
text: him, his eyes wide open. On his lips a frozen smile.
scene_heading: EXT. A CAIRN OF STONES - DAY 68
text: They stand by his grave.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: A free man died here today.
text: Amens are muttered. The group remain by the grave
text: reluctant to leave. All but VALKA who looks about
text: restlessly.
speaker_heading: VALKA
dialog: Young always die first.
text: The others look at him.
speaker_heading: VALKA (CONT’D)
text: In the camps.
text: He looks at their somber faces.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 68
speaker_heading: A69
dialog: 69
dialog: 70
scene_heading: Revised 2/10/09 (Blue) 46.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 68
speaker_heading: VALKA (CONT'D)
dialog: Still, one less mouth to feed ...
dialog: what? You’re all thinking the
dialog: same thing.
text: He wanders away toward the embers of their fire.
scene_heading: A STREAM, FOREST — DAY A69
text: SMITH hauling in fish, hand over hand. The others
text: watching in fascination.
speaker_heading: TOMASZ
dialog: Where did you learn to fish like
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Lived in the woods a while.
speaker_heading: VALKA
dialog: In America.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: In America.
speaker_heading: ZORAN
dialog: And how did you come to be in
dialog: Russia?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: I made a mistake.
scene_heading: EXT. SIBERIAN WILDERNESS - TIMELAPSE ~ DAY/DUSK/DAWN 69
text: High, wide, panoramas, the tiny figures of the fugitives
text: threading their way through the trees heading steadily
text: Southward.
scene_heading: EXT. SIBERIAN WILDERNESS ~— DAY 70
text: Close on Nature naturing — birds calling from high
text: branches, bees buzzing, a grub crawling along a leaf.
text: And a large animal grazing. Or what appears at first to
dialog: be an animal.
text: It’s VALKA, on all fours, picking up and eating bugs.
text: Others are there grazing too. The weeks have taken their
text: toll and they look thin and starving. We see in detail
text: their search for anything edible: hands digging out
text: roots and berries of various kinds which are tested with
text: a tentative nibble and sometimes spat out if too bitter;
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURD )
dialog: **
dialog: me
speaker_heading: Kk
dialog: **
dialog: **
dialog: *k
dialog: ak
dialog: we
speaker_heading: KK
speaker_heading: Kk
dialog: **
dialog: *e
dialog: ak
dialog: 70
dialog: 71
scene_heading: Revised 2/10/09 (Blue) 46A.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 70
text: VOSS has made a small trap — a noose rigged on a branch
text: and just beyond it a nut. A squirrel watches.
dialog: Not all food is shared in this extreme situation and
text: some, with a furtive lock about them, eat what they find. **
scene_heading: EXT. CAVE - SAME TIME — DAY 71 **
text: They are camped at the mouth of a cathedral like cave,
text: and here TOMASZ amuses himself by sketching on the cave
text: wall using charcoal from the fire. Among portraits of
text: the group are scenes from life in Camp 105. On the fire
text: a stew of water and pine-needles bubbles away.
text: ZORAN watches idly from where he lies near the cave
dialog: entrance.
speaker_heading: ZORAN
dialog: They’1ll find our bones and your
dialog: drawings a hundred years from now,
dialog: and say — ‘a fine example of Early
text: Gulag Man’.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURD \
dialog: 71
dialog: 72
dialog: 73
scene_heading: Revised 2/10/09 (Blue) 47.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 71
speaker_heading: TOMASZ
dialog: Shut up with your jokes! Go and
dialog: find food like the others.
speaker_heading: ZORAN
dialog: You do the shutting up! Drawing
dialog: like you’re on holiday. I’m sick.
speaker_heading: TOMASZ
dialog: I cook. They find food. What do
dialog: you ever do? Nothing!
speaker_heading: ZORAN
dialog: I make them laugh.
speaker_heading: TOMASZ
dialog: Not any more.
text: ZORAN turns away from him, curling up into a foetal
dialog: position.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. CAVE — DUSK 72
text: SMITH walking through the vast cave, his attention caught
text: by two massive holes in the roof. He walks on toward
text: their camp outside an opening at the far end.
scene_heading: EXT. CAVE - DUSK 73
text: TOMASZ has water boiling on the fire. He calls to the
dialog: others —
speaker_heading: TOMASZ
dialog: What do you have? Come on, no
text: holding back.
text: SMITH approaches from the cave, hands over two small
text: fish, his day’s catch. Voss steps forward with a dead
text: squirrel. VALKA has nothing. TOMASZ reaches for their
text: cooking pot cooling by the fire. He passes a cup to
speaker_heading: JANUSZ.
speaker_heading: TOMASZ (CONT'D)
dialog: Pine-needle tea.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNUED \
dialog: *k
speaker_heading: RK
dialog: ee
dialog: **
dialog: *
dialog: ak
dialog: me
dialog: he
dialog: me
dialog: ak
dialog: *k
dialog: he
dialog: 73
dialog: 74
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 73
text: JANUSZ sips, reacts to the bitterness of the brew, then
text: passes it on.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. CAVE — NIGHT 74
text: Sleeping figures by the fire. TOMASZ tosses and turns,
text: muttering in his sleep. JANUSZ is awake as is VALKA who
text: sits close beside him. A whispered conversation -
speaker_heading: VALKA
dialog: Who will be first?
text: JANUSZ looks at him.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: You mean the first to die?
text: VALKA nods, indicates TOMASZ.
speaker_heading: VALKA
dialog: I think that sucker, the artist.
dialog: But better if it was him.
text: He nods toward ZORAN.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: It might be you.
text: VALKA shrugs.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ (CONT’D)
dialog: Why ‘better’ if it’s Zoran?
text: VALKA squeezes the flesh of his upper arms.
speaker_heading: VALKA
text: More soft. More tender.
text: JANUSZ shakes his head, ‘no’.
speaker_heading: VALKA (CONT'D)
dialog: Mister only gets little fish now.
dialog: We must have meat, or we die.
dialog: You’re the Pakhan, you’ve thought
dialog: of it. We all have. That’s why
dialog: you brought extra people isn’t it?
dialog: For food? An old Urka escape
dialog: trick. I swear to God you were an
text: Urka in another life.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: We’ll get food when we get to Lake
dialog: Baikal, plenty of fish there.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 74
speaker_heading: A75
dialog: 75
dialog: 76
dialog: 49,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 74
speaker_heading: VALKA
dialog: You said we should have seen Lake
dialog: a week ago. We're lost, Pakhan.
text: JANUSZ stares into the fire as VALKA lays down to sleep.
speaker_heading: LATER, NIGHT ATS
text: It is ZORAN’s turn on watch and he stands near the
text: entrance to the cave, his blanket about his shoulders,
text: looking out into the still night. Behind him a low
text: growling sound, coming from deep in the cave. He turns,
text: a look of terror on his face. He can see nothing but a
text: dim light deep in the cave where moonlight penetrates
text: through two large holes in the cave roof. He wakes
text: JANUSZ, alerting him to the sound. JANUSZ in turn wakes
text: VALKA, and after taking burning sticks from the fire they
text: walk back inside the vast cave toward the source of the
text: sound, VALKA drawing his knife.
scene_heading: INT. CAVE - NIGHT 75
text: The dim light shows .a wolf-pack growling as they pick at
text: a carcass on the cave floor. ‘They drop their bones and
text: face the intruders, baring their fangs, all now growling.
text: On a signal from JANUSZ they rush the wolves, who run
text: back toward another exit from the cave. MR. SMITH,
text: TOMASZ and VOSS come hurrying to join them, woken by all
text: the barking and shouting.
text: VALKA falls on part of the carcass, cutting off chunks of
text: raw meat. The others do likewise. Wider on the group,
text: down on all fours chewing on the remains of the kill,
text: only JANUSZ stands back, watching them.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. CAVE ~ EARLY MORNING 76
text: Some sleep on, others stir, their movements slow and
text: listless. They are near the end. This has been JANUSZ’s
text: point of view as he packs a few scraps of food into his
text: pockets and picks up his staff. Those awake stare at
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: I'll be back in a week - if I find
dialog: the lake. If not, you’re on your
dialog: own.
speaker_heading: VALKA
dialog: I come too.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: +O RH he et *
dialog: *
speaker_heading: He FF
speaker_heading: ot OF
dialog: 76
dialog: 17
dialog: 78
dialog: 79
dialog: 80
scene_heading: Revised 2/10/09 (Blue) 50.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 76
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: I’ll travel faster alone. Mr.
dialog: Smith will be the Pakhan while I’m
dialog: gone.
text: JANUSZ turns and with a nod of the head ‘follow me’, to
text: SMITH, he moves off.
scene_heading: EXT. SOME DISTANCE FROM CAMP — DAWN 77
text: Now out of earshot, JANUSZ turns to SMITH. SMITH knows
dialog: what it’s about.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: I know. Valka.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: Don’t let him out of your sight.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Good luck.
text: As JANUSZ heads off into the forest.
scene_heading: EXT. OPEN COUNTRY, SIBERIA - DAY 78
text: A magnificent vista — a broad plain sweeping toward a
text: distant line of hills. It’s a beautiful clear day and
text: the lone figure of JANUSZ, dwarfed by the landscape,
text: walks steadily Southward.
scene_heading: EXT. ROCKY HILLSIDE - DUSK 79° **
text: Sheltering from the wind on the leeside of a hill, he
text: takes pine-cones from his pocket, breaks them open and
text: eats the seeds. Then he’s up and off again, leaning
text: heavily on his staff.
scene_heading: EXT. A BARREN PLAIN — DAY 80
text: The weather changes from a clear Spring morning to cold
text: and overcast as gusts of wind whip down from distant
text: slopes. JANUSZ bends into the wind, his pace slowing.
text: He stumbles, sinks to the ground, fighting the desire to
dialog: let go, to give himself to sleep, and the swift death
text: that will surely follow. His eyes begin to close. Then
text: he sees it. Just ahead cf him. The gate. The gate from
text: his vision in the mine. He struggles to his feet,
text: staggers on —
speaker_heading: (CONTTNUED }
dialog: 80
dialog: 81
dialog: 82
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 80
text: JANUSZ'S VISION: A repeat of his earlier hallucination -
text: the click of the gate latch, the flagstones at his feet
text: as he moves down the path. (All the while the
text: accompanying sound is of JANUSZ’s laboured breathing in
text: the present ‘reality’). He’s at the front door, camera
text: pans to the loose brick in the wall beside the door.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPSITE, FOREST ~ DUSK 81
text: JANUSZ staggers back into camp, half dead and shivering
text: with cold. VALKA is quickly beside him with SMITH and
dialog: voss.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: Three days from here. South by
dialog: West.
text: He collapses. VOSS shouts for the fire to be built up,
text: hot water to be boiled. He feels his pulse, checks his
dialog: eyes.
speaker_heading: VOSS
dialog: Stones! Gather stones! Heat them
dialog: in the fire!
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPSITE, STILL LATER - NIGHT 82
text: Throughout the night they take turns replacing the hot
text: stones surrounding his body and massaging his feet and
text: hands. On one such occasion SMITH finds himself at
text: JANUSZ’s side. JANUSZ opens his eyes.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: What’s the ‘brick’?
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: What did I say?
speaker_heading: SMITH
text: Something about a loose brick.
text: JANUSZ nods, offers no explanation.
speaker_heading: SMITH (CONT’D)
dialog: You know if you don’t pull through
dialog: soon we'll have to leave you.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: I expect nothing less.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 82
dialog: 83
dialog: 84
dialog: 85
dialog: 86-87
dialog: Revised 2/10/09 (Blue) 52.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 82
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: So you better get better quick if
dialog: you want to see home again.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: We could’ve used you in the Polish
dialog: army. Fired you out of a cannon.
text: He closes his eyes, lapses back into a deep sleep.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 83
scene_heading: EXT. HILLSIDE, SIBERIA - DUSK B4
text: It’s a beautiful evening as the file of travellers climb
text: toward the crest of the hill.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAIN, SIBERIA - DUSK 85
text: From the crest, a panorama of Lake Baikal - a massive
text: body of water stretching to the horizon.
text: The fugitives rest, and consider the next stage of their
dialog: journey.
speaker_heading: SMITH
speaker_heading: (to JANUSZ)
dialog: We’re going to have to follow the
dialog: Western shore.
speaker_heading: ZORAN
dialog: But look, it bends like that -
dialog: won’t it take us longer?
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: See all those settlements on the
dialog: other side? We'd never get
dialog: through.
speaker_heading: VALKA
dialog: I swear to God, those mother-
dialog: fuckers would cut off our heads,
dialog: take them to secret police. Get
dialog: more for us than they would for
dialog: their fish.
text: JANUSZ, impatient to move on, is already on his feet.
text: ZORAN rolls onto his back with a groan.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 86-87
speaker_heading: KK
dialog: **
dialog: **
speaker_heading: aK
speaker_heading: aK
dialog: **
dialog: *K
speaker_heading: KK
dialog: ek
dialog: **
dialog: *e
speaker_heading: kK
dialog: ke
speaker_heading: 838
scene_heading: Revised 2/10/09 (Blue) 53.
scene_heading: EXT. A TRACK, LAKESIDE — DAY 88
text: SMITH and VOSS are last in line as they move cautiously
text: along a dirt track.
dialog: shoulder.
dialog: What is it?
text: SMITH keeps looking back over his
speaker_heading: VOSS
speaker_heading: (CONTTNUED)
dialog: *k
dialog: 88
scene_heading: Revised 2/25/09 (Pink) 54.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 88
text: SMITH signals JANUSZ to stop, while holding a finger to
text: his lips for silence. JANUSZ joins him, followed by the
dialog: others.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: We’re being followed.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: Followed? Where?
speaker_heading: SMITH
text: Fifty yards back. A man on his
dialog: own. May have seen us — crossed
text: into the trees beside the track.
text: A silence as they consider their options. VALKA draws Kk
dialog: his knife. RK
dialog: Voss
dialog: No killing. wee
speaker_heading: VALKA
speaker_heading: (to VOSS)
dialog: No? I think you’ve killed before.
dialog: You say too many prayers for an
dialog: innocent man.
text: VOSS looks uneasy.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: He gives us away, the soldiers
dialog: will be on us in no time.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: Valka, go back on the other side
text: of the track, then come up behind,
text: in case he makes a run for it.
text: VALKA moves off, gliding through the trees on the left of ***
text: the track. The others wait a beat, then move into the
text: trees on the right side of the track picking up fallen
dialog: timber as weapons.
text: JANUSZ is in the lead when in a clearing not fifty paces
text: ahead, a figure steps out from behind a tree. JANUSZ
text: stops, holding up a hand for the others to stay where
text: they are. He stares at the small figure — a young woman.
text: There’s a glimpse of a dirty skirt under her coat, a
text: scarf tied loosely about her neck. Wisps of chestnut
text: hair stray out from under a moth-eaten fur hood. She
text: looks frightened and desperate.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNUED )
dialog: 88
dialog: 89
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 88
text: From her waif like appearance, it’s hard to tell her age
dialog: — an old thirteen or a young sixteen?
text: The men discreetly drop their improvised weapons. She
text: looks ready to make a run for it on seeing VALKA with his
text: drawn knife. JANUSZ gestures for the others to fall
text: back, as he cautiously approaches, uttering reassuring
dialog: words.
scene_heading: EXT. PATHWAY, WOODS - LATER — DAY 89
text: The others sit smoking by the pathway, watching as JANUSZ
text: crosses back from the GIRL to join them.
text: He says something to TOMASZ in Polish. A rapid exchange
dialog: between them.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: What? What is it?
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: She’s Polish. Been following us
dialog: for several days.
speaker_heading: VALKA
dialog: What does she want?
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: Food? Protection? She’s been too
dialog: afraid to approach us until she
dialog: was sure we weren’t Russians.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: She wants to travel with us?
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: She’s on the run, like us.
text: Escaped from a Russian collective
dialog: farm.
speaker_heading: VALKA
dialog: I swear to God I know this type -
dialog: street gypsies, there are
dialog: thousands like that, less use than
dialog: a dog!
text: JANUSZ looks back to the GIRL who watches them from the
dialog: clearing.
speaker_heading: VALKA (CONT’D)
dialog: Pakhan. Don‘t do this.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
text: She’s starving.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 89
dialog: 90
dialog: 31
dialog: Revised 2/10/09 (Blue) 56.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 89
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: We can’t feed ourselves.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: Zoran?
speaker_heading: ZORAN
dialog: Maybe it’s kinder to leave her.
dialog: Voss
dialog: She’s been sent to us. We can’t
dialog: leave her.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: We have no choice.
text: JANUSZ knows this is true.
scene_heading: EXT. THE CLEARING, WOODS - DAY 90
text: The GIRL watches as JANUSZ approaches. From the way he
text: doesn't look at her she knows their answer. JANUSZ
text: stands before her a moment. They speak in Polish (sub-
dialog: titled).
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: I’m sorry.
text: He reaches into his bag, passes her a fish and some nuts
text: and berries. It’s all she can do to refrain from eating
text: it right away.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ (CONT'D)
dialog: What will you do?
speaker_heading: THE GIRL
dialog: Go back.
text: He guesses at what this might mean.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: If we had enough food ...
text: She stares at him, nods, then walks back toward the path,
text: returning in the direction from which she came.
scene_heading: EXT. PATHWAY, WOODS -— DAY 91
text: The group walk in silence, the encounter with the girl
text: and their subsequent decision weighing heavily on some.
text: VOSS keeps looking back over his shoulder.
dialog: *k
dialog: *k
dialog: 92
dialog: 93
dialog: 94
dialog: 95
dialog: 96
dialog: 97
dialog: Revised 3/31/09 (Tan) 57.
scene_heading: EXT. LAKESIDE — DAY 92
text: LATER, the group walking out in the open by the lake when
text: their attention is caught by the sight of a flock of
text: ravens circling and diving on something up ahead - just
text: out of sight around a bend in the lake.
scene_heading: EXT. LAKESIDE, MOMENTS LATER — DAY 93
text: SMITH is the first to see it — a full grown reindeer
text: bogged to the shoulders in the soft mud by the lake's
text: edge. As they approach the ravens rise in a great
text: flapping of wings. The group circle the wild-eyed beast,
text: pathetic in it’s attempts to pull itself out of the bog,
text: faced now with this new and more deadly threat. VALKA
text: draws his knife.
scene_heading: EXT. A COVE, LAKESIDE — DAY 94
text: TOMASZ already has a fire going when the rest of the
text: party appear dragging the carcass of the reindeer on an
text: improvised sled made of driftwood. VOSS watches a moment
text: as preparations are made to butcher the animal, then he
text: turns and hurries back in the direction from which they
text: came. JANUSZ watches him. He knows where he’s going.
scene_heading: EXT. LAKESIDE/PATHWAY - DAY 95
text: voSS moving fast beside the lake, then onto the track,
text: running now, retracing their steps.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPSITE, LAKE - DUSK 96
text: TOMASZ butchers more meat from the reindeer using VALKA’S
text: knife, while SMITH sets up a wooden rotisserie on the
text: fire assisted by ZORAN. JANUSZ and VALKA are part way
text: through skinning the beast when they pause on hearing
text: footsteps. Around the point comes VOSS, followed by the
text: girl. As they approach, an expectant silence.
speaker_heading: VOSS
dialog: Her name is, Irena.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPSITE - LATER — NIGHT 97
text: They eat in silence, savoring every mouthful. We hear
text: the sounds of eating — bones sucked to the marrow;
text: fingers licked; bones crunching.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNUED )
dialog: +e OF
dialog: 97
dialog: 98
dialog: 99
dialog: 100
dialog: Revised 3/31/09 (Tan) 58.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 97
text: IRENA is like a half-starved animal, eating with absorbed
text: concentration, the others sneaking looks in her direction
text: as they savor the fresh killed meat.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPSITE, LAKESIDE - DAWN 98
text: JANUSZ has been on the last watch of the night, and as
text: dawn breaks he approaches his sleeping companions. He
text: stares down at IRENA, sleeping like a child by the fire.
text: Slowly the others stir, all moving slowly and quietly,
text: not wanting to disturb her sleep.
scene_heading: EXT. LAKESIDE, CAMPSITE - DAY 99
text: ZORAN has set himself up as camp barber —- trimming hair
text: and shaving heads using the razor-blade inserted in the
text: end of a stick, and for shaving cream, a chunk of fat
text: from the reindeer. JANUSZ has just been shaved and
text: trimmed, the last but for VALKA. While the others wash
text: themselves and their clothes, ZORAN calls for VALKA, who
text: approaches reluctantly and sits on the rock before the
dialog: barber.
speaker_heading: VALKA
dialog: Why do we do this?
speaker_heading: ZORAN
dialog: So we don’t look like thieves and
text: robbers.
text: ZORAN approaches him, blade in hand.
speaker_heading: ZORAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Very still, please.
text: He tilts VALKA’s neck, seemingly the better to shave him.
text: In fact, he enjoys teasing VALKA and his movements are
text: slow and ominous, VALKA clearly nervous.
scene_heading: EXT. MONTAGE, CAMPSITE - DAY/NIGHT 100
text: Various scenes of maintenance, repairs and the breaking
dialog: down of the reindeer into anything of use during their
text: journey. Two fires burn — their regular cooking fire and
dialog: one for the smoking of meat.
text: voSS; Cleaning bones of shreds of meat then beginning the
text: construction of a bone frame for a backpack. He later
text: gets part of the skin to form the bag attached to the
text: frame. Still later he collects nearby vines, rolling
dialog: them up for future use.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURD
dialog: + %
speaker_heading: te HH HH
dialog: *
dialog: +e eX
speaker_heading: + OF
dialog: 100
scene_heading: Revised 3/31/09 (Tan) 58A.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 100
text: TOMASZ; In between sketching scenes of his friends at
text: work he skims fat from the pot filled with boiling bones,
text: and lays out strips of meat given to him by VALKA to dry
text: in the sun, part of the jerked meat they will carry as a
dialog: long term food supply.
text: VALKA; With the ‘Wolf’ he separates sinews and tendons
dialog: from the beast, to form much needed bindings for their
text: journey. He also cuts meat for their jerked supply, or
dialog: to be smoked.
text: SMITH; Makes firstly a large bone needle, then later
text: makes repairs in his clothes.
text: ZORAN; After cleaning his teeth with a twig, hangs his
text: suit on a driftwood hanger and is seen brushing it with a
text: branch from a pine tree. TOMASZ teases him and suggests
text: he do something useful. Later this leads to him sorting
text: the boiled bones into various sizes, a sort of accountant
text: of the ‘bone-bank’. ‘Customers’ come to him looking for
dialog: bones or teeth for various uses.
text: JANUSZ; Works on the reindeer skin. With SMITH’s help he
text: stretches it to dry on a driftwood frame. Later, he cuts
text: a piece off and gives it to VOSS for the back-pack. He
text: also works scraping the skin of strands of unwanted meat
dialog: and fat.
text: IRENA; Sleeps and eats. It is only at dusk one day she
text: seems to come to life and moving to the lakeside washes
text: her clothes and hair. The men try not to stare, and
dialog: whether their thoughts are carnal or not, whether she
text: reminds them of family or girlfriend, they are all
text: affected by her transformation from boy/urchin, into a
text: young woman when she returns washed, and wearing the
text: dress she has carried rolled-up on her back.
dialog: +
speaker_heading: OF
dialog: Ce
dialog: *
dialog: Revised 2/25/09 (Pink) 59.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPFIRE, LAKESIDE - NIGHT 101 ***
text: SMITH and JANUSZ some distance from the campsite
text: collecting wood. By the fire ZORAN leads the ‘Survivors
text: Band’. He has them drumming on logs, tapping sticks,
text: harmonizing, amid much laughter. JANUSZ watches IRENA.
text: Then he turns to SMITH.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: She’s educated. Speaks good
dialog: English. And French.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: That right.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: You don’t like her, do you?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Speak to Valka about her. He
dialog: doesn’t even think she’s Polish.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: I did speak to him. And the
text: others. They agree she comes with
dialog: us.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: It's decided then?
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: You disagree.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Apart from food she’1ll slow us
dialog: down. There’s no room for
dialog: sentimentality. You know that.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNUED \
dialog: 102
dialog: 103
scene_heading: Revised 2/10/09 (Blue) 60.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 101
text: And he turns, moving back to the fire with his load of
dialog: wood.
scene_heading: EXT. PATHWAY, WOODS - DAY 102
text: Refreshed and revived and laden with their supplies from
text: the deer, they make their way along a narrow dirt track
text: by the lake. IRENA is aware that the main opposition to
text: her joining with them comes from VALKA and SMITH. SMITH
text: she knows is the more important, and she tries to keep up
text: with him. Occasionally catching his eye, she tries to
text: charm him with a coquettish smile beyond her years.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER/LAKE —- DAY 103
text: A river flowing into the lake presents an obstacle. They
text: walk along the edge to where the river begins to narrow,
text: but here it’s still frozen, and a quick test with
text: JANUSZ’s staff shows it to be too thin to take their
text: weight. They look upstream - a distant figure of a man,
text: a hunter possibly, a shotgun over his shoulder, on their
text: side of the bank. There’s clearly no choice but to swim
text: for it. They make hasty preparations, removing outer
text: clothing, except shirts and trousers, tying their boots
text: about their necks. IRENA watches.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Can you swim?
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: Yes, Mister.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: You wouldn’t lie to me?
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: I’m not lying, Comrade.
text: That was a slip of the tongue, and SMITH is made uneasy
dialog: by it.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: And don’t call me, ‘comrade’.
text: With a shout the group plunge into the icy water,
text: swimming one-handed, their packs held above water level
text: in the other. It’s only when they reach the other side
text: they realize IRENA is still on the opposite bank. The
text: others urge her to swim across. She hesitates a moment
text: then runs upstream to where the river is frozen.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURED \
dialog: ak
dialog: ke
dialog: ek
dialog: Ke
dialog: dee
dialog: 103
dialog: 104-105
speaker_heading: A106
dialog: 106
scene_heading: Revised 2/10/09 (Blue) 61.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 103
text: They watch in astonishment as in a series of leaps and
text: bounds she’s out on the ice heading for the opposite
text: bank. Ice cracks beneath her feet and a couple of times
text: it seems she’1ll fall in, but with a last great leap over
text: a section of free-flowing water she makes it to the other
text: side, hurrying down to join the others a broad smile on
text: her face. She looks defiantly at SMITH. JANUSZ is
text: worried about the man having seen them, and urges them to
text: follow him into the tree-line.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 104-105
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST, A SHORT TIME LATER -— DAY A106
text: They scramble up a steep, forested slope, with occasional
text: backward glances to see if the hunter is following.
text: There’s no sign of him.
scene_heading: EXT. LAKESIDE —- DAY 106
text: Some time later the group, still a little damp, walk by
text: the lake. IRENA walks beside SMITH whose long strides
text: force her to jog occasionally to keep up. They swat at
text: mosquitoes as they walk.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Janusz tells me your family were
dialog: Kulaks?
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: Yes. Just a cow and some pigs.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Were your parents arrested with
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: They're dead.
text: She swats at a few mosquitos hovering around her face.
speaker_heading: IRENA (CONT’D)
dialog: We lived on a farm outside Warsaw.
dialog: When the Russians came they said
dialog: we were ‘kulaks’, and exploiting
dialog: the peasants. My parents were
dialog: afraid and hid me in the barn.
text: The mosquitos are getting worse and SMITH grabs swatches
text: of leaves, passing one to IRENA as they walk on, swinging
text: away at the annoying insects.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURD \
speaker_heading: KK
dialog: ak
scene_heading: Revised 2/10/09 (Blue) 61A.
dialog: 106
speaker_heading: 106 CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: IRENA (CONT’D)
dialog: I found them later. Face down in
text: the mud. They’d been bashed and
text: strangled with barbed wire.
text: She looks up at SMITH, her eyes filling with tears.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNUFD)
dialog: 106
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 106
speaker_heading: IRENA (CONT’D)
dialog: Later, the Russians caught me, and
dialog: sent me to a collective farm.
dialog: They were cruel tome. I ran
dialog: away. I had no food. Then I saw
dialog: you.
text: They walk in silence a few paces, and she dries her tears
text: with the corner of her sleeve.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: You can’t swim can you?
text: She looks up at him.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: You’ve never been in the water in
dialog: your life.
text: She laughs coquettishly.-
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: But I got across, didn’t I?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: And, you said you lived on a farm
dialog: near Warsaw?
text: IRENA puzzled.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: The Soviets didn’t get that far.
dialog: That was German territory.
text: She nervously swats the mosquitos.
speaker_heading: SMITH (CONT'D)
dialog: Your parents weren’t murdered were
dialog: they? You made it all up.
text: She won’t look at him, her face looks thin and pinched,
text: she seems older.
speaker_heading: SMITH (CONT'D)
dialog: We've all done terrible things to
dialog: survive. But don’t ever lie to me
dialog: again. We’ve had enough of lies.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 106
dialog: 107
dialog: 108
dialog: Revised 2/10/09 (Blue) 63.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 106
text: She sneaks a glance back over her shoulder at the others,
text: then up at SMITH. She nods.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 107) **
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD, OUTSIDE A SMALL TOWN, LAKE BAITKAL - LATE 108 **
speaker_heading: AFTERNOON Wk
text: A fishing village by the lake. Timber houses straggling
text: back up into the surrounding hills. From cover, they
dialog: consider the obstacle.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: We'll have to go ‘round it.
speaker_heading: VALKA
text: Quicker through it.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: They’ll have dogs. Raise the
dialog: alarm. We wouldn’t stand a chance
speaker_heading: VALKA
dialog: We need food again, Pakhan.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURD \)
dialog: 108
dialog: 109
speaker_heading: A110
speaker_heading: AB110
dialog: Revised 2/10/09 (Blue) 64.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 108
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: I know we need food, but we’re not
dialog: going into that town, risk
dialog: everything.
text: SMITH gets up.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: We're wasting time.
text: He strikes off up a slope toward the hills behind the
dialog: town.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLS BEHIND VILLAGE - DUSK 109
text: The group make their way uphill and around the town.
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN, LAKESIDE - NIGHT A110
text: Their P.O.V. down to the few lights of the town and the
text: lake glimmering in the moonlight. From the direction of
text: the town - the sound of a dog barking in an agitated
dialog: fashion.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLS BEHIND VILLAGE, SAME TIME - NIGHT AB110
text: SMITH joins JANUSZ. Off his expression:
speaker_heading: SMITH
speaker_heading: (to JANUSZ)
dialog: What is it? What’s wrong?
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: Where’s Valka?
speaker_heading: SMITH
text: He was behind Zoran.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
speaker_heading: (to ZORAN)
dialog: Didn’t you watch Valka?
speaker_heading: ZORAN
dialog: I'm not his keeper.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: Damn him!
text: He looks back down to the town.
speaker_heading: Kk
dialog: ae
dialog: ee
dialog: ae
dialog: ek
dialog: 110
dialog: Alll
dialog: Revised 2/10/09 (Blue) 65.
scene_heading: EXT. THE GROUNDS OF A HOUSE, VILLAGE - NIGHT 110
text: A dim light through a side window - the glimpse of a
text: woman crossing through frame, followed shortly after by
text: the weathered face of a fisherman. He’s heard something.
text: He crosses to the window, peers out into the darkness.
text: The moment he turns away the camera moves on around the
text: side to the rear of the building, past a rabbit in a
text: cage. VALKA’s shoulder comes into frame as he edges his
text: way toward the back door, passing the sightless skull of
text: a dried fish swinging from a cord under the eaves. He
text: reaches for the door-handle, opens it, and slips silently
dialog: inside.
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN, LAKESIDE — NIGHT Alll
text: A view along a road to the town. (P.O.V. now on the
dialog: opposite side of town to that seen earlier.)
scene_heading: EXT. TREES, ROADSIDE - NIGHT 111
text: The above P.O.V. is that of the group waiting for VALKA.
text: They sit by the roadside looking toward the town. They
text: swat at a cloud of mosquitoes.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: He could turn us in for the
dialog: bounty.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: And risk arrest?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: He'd bribe his way out of it.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
speaker_heading: (to IRENA)
dialog: Would he do that?
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: He might.
speaker_heading: ZORAN
dialog: It’s an opportunity. We’re rid of
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: TOMASZ
dialog: We don’t need his knife. We can
dialog: make one from deer bone.
speaker_heading: ZORAN
dialog: Come on! Let’s go!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: we
dialog: ee
dialog: **
dialog: xk
dialog: 111
scene_heading: Revised 2/10/09 (Blue) 66.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 111
text: A movement behind them, they turn as VALKA steps out from
text: behind a tree. He stares back at them a crooked grin on
text: his face.
speaker_heading: VALKA
dialog: So.
text: SMITH moves swiftly, grabs him by his collar and spins
text: him into the tree.
speaker_heading: VALKA (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey, easy cowboy!
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Could have got us all killed.
speaker_heading: VALKA
dialog: You tear my coat ...-
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Fool!
text: He releases him and VALKA staggers back, reaching down to
text: a bulging sack. He tips out the contents — various
text: foodstuffs including a freshly killed rabbit and a bottle **
dialog: of vodka.
speaker_heading: VALKA
dialog: ‘Fool’ is it?
text: It’s then they notice blood splashed over his trousers.
speaker_heading: VALKA (CONT’D)
dialog: What? Did I kill you ask? Yes.
text: A dog.
dialog: (He laughs)
dialog: Don’t believe me? So don’t eat.
dialog: But you will won’t you? Because
dialog: you want survival. I know about
dialog: survival! All my life.
text: He holds up the bottles of vodka, one half empty.
speaker_heading: VALKA (CONT’D)
dialog: And it’s my birthday!
text: With a wild look in his eyes, he passes a bottle to
text: JANUSZ, then flicks the side of his neck with his middle
dialog: finger.
speaker_heading: VALKA (CONT’D)
dialog: In Russia that means we drink!
scene_heading: Revised 2/10/09 (Blue) 67.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPFIRE —- LATER - NIGHT 112
text: TOMASZ tends the rabbit roasting on the fire, while the
text: vodka bottle is passed hand to hand. When not drinking,
text: the group are swatting at the persistent mosquitoes,
text: ZORAN now badly bitten. VALKA doesn’t seem bothered by
dialog: the mosquitoes, perhaps tatoos keep them away, anyway
text: he’s feeling generally pleased with himself and is very
text: talkative.
speaker_heading: VALKA
dialog: You know ... when they put the
dialog: children of the political
dialog: prisoners in the orphanage, they
dialog: change their names, so later, the
dialog: parents can never find them.
speaker_heading: ZORAN
dialog: Is that what happened to you?
speaker_heading: VALKA
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: I didn’t have parents. But that’s
dialog: what happened to her.
text: He passes IRENA the bottle. She glares back at him.
speaker_heading: VALKA (CONT'D)
dialog: Isn’t it? You told me that.
text: She glances at the puzzled faces of the others, finally
text: looking at SMITH. He holds her gaze. Then she takes a
text: slug of the vodka.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: They called me ’Rykov’, but I
dialog: remembered our Polish name —
dialog: ‘Zulinski’. I used to say it
dialog: every night before I went to
dialog: sleep.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: The story you told us ...
speaker_heading: IRENA (OVERLAP)
dialog: I thought that story would be more
dialog: sad, and you wouldn’t leave me
dialog: behind.
text: Again she looks at SMITH. She made a promise to him.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURD )
dialog: ke
dialog: ae
speaker_heading: Rk
dialog: **
dialog: ak
dialog: *k
dialog: me
scene_heading: Revised 2/10/09 (Blue) 67A.
speaker_heading: 112 CONTINUED: 112
speaker_heading: IRENA (CONT'D)
dialog: My parents were Polish communists.
dialog: They took us to live in Soviet
dialog: Union — to Moscow. They want to
dialog: work for the Revolution.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTTNITED Y
dialog: 112
dialog: 113
dialog: Revised 2/10/09 (Blue) 68.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 112
speaker_heading: IRENA (CONT’D)
dialog: We lived in the Hotel Luxe with
dialog: lots of foreign communists. But
dialog: they arrested them. In 1937.
dialog: Said they were spies. The police
dialog: put me in the orphanage. And my
dialog: brother. He died. I was ten
dialog: years old.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: And you ran away.
text: She nods. VALKA grinning proudly at her.
speaker_heading: VALKA
dialog: She lived in the streets, like me!
text: He breaks into one of his Urki songs. IRENA translates.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: It’s about a mother complaining to
dialog: her son that he’s a thief, just
dialog: like his father...it goes on and
dialog: says, ‘but if you are strong
dialog: enough to fight ‘til death - you
dialog: will conquer fate’.
text: She joins VALKA in the chorus.
scene_heading: EXT. LAKESIDE — DAY 113
text: The mosquitos continue to plague them, swirling in clouds
text: about their heads, crawling into ears, eyes and mouths.
text: They have improvised headgear - coats, swatches of
text: leaves, improvised masks. Many are badly bitten, faces
text: swollen, bites infected. SMITH walks beside JANUSZ.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: What can we do? Steal a boat?
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: People are going to get ill.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: After all we’ve faced, how
dialog: strange, these tiny insects might
dialog: defeat us.
dialog: *k
dialog: #e
dialog: #
dialog: *k
dialog: ek
dialog: ae
dialog: ek
speaker_heading: aK
speaker_heading: aK
speaker_heading: aK
dialog: ae
dialog: ek
dialog: ek
dialog: kk
dialog: Re
dialog: we
dialog: ae
dialog: ae
dialog: All4
dialog: 114
scene_heading: Revised 2/10/09 (Blue) 68A.
scene_heading: LATER, PLOUGHED FIELD — DAY All4
text: The group collect potatoes in a ploughed field by the
text: lake. ZORAN can no longer take the mosquitoes, and to
text: the astonishment of the others, he runs toward the water,
text: shedding his coat as he goes, eventually diving into the
text: water and submerging himself.
scene_heading: EXT. LAKESIDE, LATER — DAY 114
text: From a concealed position in the trees they watch as half
text: a dozen peasants walk by the lake. ZORAN studies them
dialog: intently.
speaker_heading: ZORAN
dialog: (a whisper)
dialog: No mosquitos.
text: The others unsure of his meaning.
speaker_heading: ZORAN (CONT'D)
dialog: They have no mosquitos!
dialog: **
dialog: **
dialog: 116
dialog: 117
dialog: 118
dialog: Revised 2/10/09 (Blue) 69.
scene_heading: EXT. VARIOUS LOCATIONS, LAKESIDE -— DAY/DUSK 115
text: The group have by now a walking routine which they rarely
dialog: vary, always occupying the same positions in extended
text: line. JANUSZ as navigator in the lead, SMITH generally
text: bringing up the rear. IRENA is the exception — varying
text: her place, now with one, now with another. They don’t
text: talk much to each other as they walk but they do talk
text: with her. She has the knack of getting anyone to talk.
text: No doubt a skill learnt in her life on the streets.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST NEAR THE ROAD ~ DAY 116
text: A small fire burns as TOMASZ cooks a fish stolen by
text: VALKA. The smoke from the fire is not enough to
text: alleviate the mosquito problem and the group swat in
text: miserable silence. Suddenly SMITH throws dirt on the
text: fire, suffocating it with his jacket. He points to the
dialog: road.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD — DAY 117
text: From their point of view. a fisherman in his fifties, a
text: basket in a sling on his back, walks abreast of them on
dialog: the track.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - DAY 118
text: As he passes, ZORAN speaks in a whisper to JANUSZ.
speaker_heading: ZORAN
dialog: There it is! Again!
text: JANUSZ mystified.
speaker_heading: ZORAN (CONT’D)
dialog: Look at him.
text: JANUSZ stares again at the man.
speaker_heading: ZORAN (CONT’D)
dialog: No mosquitos!
text: ZORAN is up and off before anyone can stop him. They
text: watch in appalled silence as he approaches and speaks to
text: the man, who regards this stranger appearing from the
text: forest with some suspicion. ZORAN does a kind of crazy
text: dance, talking all the while.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNUED )
dialog: **
dialog: 119
speaker_heading: A120
dialog: 120
dialog: Al21
dialog: Revised 4/23/09 (Buff) 70.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 118
text: Soon the man is laughing, and putting down his bag and
text: gun he takes something from around his neck and places it
text: on ZORAN’s neck. A few more words, and more laughter,
text: then with a handshake ZORAN heads back into the forest,
text: the man continuing on his way. ZORAN rejoins them,
text: holding up the gift from the old man — strands of
text: intertwined bark.
speaker_heading: ZORAN (CONT’D)
dialog: Mosquito repellent! And I have
dialog: the formula!
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD — DAY 119
text: LATER. They all wear necklaces of the entwined bark and
text: are mosquito free. ZORAN is the hero of the hour.
speaker_heading: TOMASZ
dialog: But what did you say to him?
speaker_heading: ZORAN
dialog: That I was an escaped convict who
dialog: was being plagued by mosquitos.
text: As they round a bend and disappear from sight, TOMASZ’s
text: voice drifts back.
speaker_heading: TOMASZ (V.O.)
dialog: Very funny. But what did you
dialog: really say?
scene_heading: LAKE'S END, SIBERIA - DAY A120
text: JANUSZ scoops up a handful of water where it laps a
text: beach. It’s a symbolic end to their lake trek, and they
text: turn and walk on, the lake behind them.
scene_heading: EXT. A FIELD, SIBERIA - DAY 120
text: In the far distance a large town dominated by a
text: collection of smoke stacks, belching out columns of smoke
text: into the sky, as the group hurry across open ground to
text: the shelter of the forest.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRYSIDE - DAY Al21
text: A rustic cart passes by. After it has gone the fugitives
text: emerge from concealment and resume their journey.
speaker_heading: AB121
dialog: 121
scene_heading: Revised 4/23/09 (Buff) 70aA.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRYSIDE - DAY AB121
text: VOSS, ZORAN and TOMASZ talk of their pre-Gulag days with
speaker_heading: IRENA.
speaker_heading: VOSS
text: ---A small stone church in a
dialog: little village. Very peaceful. I
dialog: grew up in that village.
dialog: Then,
speaker_heading: ZORAN
dialog: --.IT went on business. Once a
dialog: year — government clients of
dialog: course!
dialog: Then,
speaker_heading: TOMASZ
dialog: --layers of very fine pastry, so
dialog: when you bite there is a
dialog: lightness, a delicacy - it should
text: almost melt in the mouth.
scene_heading: EXT. OPEN COUNTRY ~— DAY 121
text: The group move at a brisk pace. IRENA walks beside
speaker_heading: SMITH.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNUFD)
dialog: xo
dialog: % OF eo
speaker_heading: Oe kk
dialog: 121
dialog: 122
dialog: 123
dialog: Revised 2/10/09 (Blue) 71.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 121
speaker_heading: TRENA (V.0.)
dialog: And Tomasz is a pastry chef but
dialog: wants to be an artist?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Is that right?
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: And Zoran was on business in
dialog: Moscow, arrested in Red Square, he
dialog: said he was just taking a photo of
dialog: the Kremlin! He’s an accountant.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Well, I’1l be damned. Never knew
text: a funny accountant.
speaker_heading: TRENA
dialog: Don’t you talk to each other?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: In the camps you learn to say as
dialog: little as possible.
text: They walk on in silence, IRENA sneaking a look up at him.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 122 **
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRYSIDE, LATER - DAY 1230 **
text: IRENA now walking with JANUSZ.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: Mr. Smith? An American? Working
dialog: on the Moscow metro?
speaker_heading: TRENA
dialog: (nods)
dialog: He’s an engineer. His father was
dialog: Finnish. Grew up in America, but
dialog: he could speak Russian.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: Why did he come to Russia for
dialog: God’s sake?
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: The Depression. His son came with
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURD \
dialog: 123
dialog: 124
dialog: 125
dialog: 126
dialog: Revised 3/16/09 (Salmon) 72.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 123
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: What happened to his son?
speaker_heading: IRENA
text: They shot him. He was seventeen.
scene_heading: EXT. A STREAM — DUSK 124
text: The group fords a shallow stream when IRENA sees SMITH
text: limp to a rock where he sits and inspects his blistered,
text: bleeding feet ... IRENA kneels before him, dries his
text: feet with her dress. The others watch silently as she
text: tears strips from her petticoat and binds up the raw
text: spots between his toes.
scene_heading: EXT. A RIDGE ABOVE THE TRANS-SIBERIAN RAILWAY - DAY 125
text: The GROUP look down to see the railway track lined with
text: villagers every few miles, making a crossing especially
dialog: hazardous.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: The Mongolian border is on the
dialog: other side of those tracks.
text: Two ARMED SOLDIERS can be seen walking along the tracks.
speaker_heading: TOMASZ
dialog: Can't we go around this?
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: This is the main line. It’s going
dialog: to be like this everywhere.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: We don’t have a choice.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: We cross at night.
text: Their attention is caught by the passing of a long
text: freight train, horn sounding over the bucolic scene.
scene_heading: EXT. A RIDGE ABOVE THE RAILWAY-LINE - DAY 126
text: A visible tension in the group as they wait. VALKA
text: whittles a piece of deer-bone.
speaker_heading: TOMASZ
dialog: What’s that you’re making?
speaker_heading: (CONTTNUFD)
scene_heading: Revised 3/16/09 (Salmon) 72A.
speaker_heading: 126 CONTINUED: 126
speaker_heading: VALKA
dialog: A cross for your tombstone.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURD \
dialog: 126
dialog: Revised 2/10/09 (Blue) 73.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 126
text: TOMASZ surprised at his tone.
speaker_heading: VALKA (CONT'D)
dialog: Why should you care what I’m
dialog: making?
text: The evening is hot and VALKA has his shirt open, the
text: tattooed portraits of Lenin and Stalin on his chest
text: appear and disappear in the folds of his shirt. This
text: amuses ZORAN.
speaker_heading: ZORAN
dialog: Valka?
speaker_heading: VALKA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ZORAN
dialog: Why do you have arseholes tattooed
dialog: on your chest?
text: VALKA stops. Stares back.
speaker_heading: ZORAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Shouldn’t they be on your arse so
dialog: you sit on them every time you
dialog: take a shit?
speaker_heading: VALKA
dialog: You think it’s funny? They are
dialog: great men.
text: ZORAN laughs.
speaker_heading: VALKA (CONT’D)
dialog: Watch your eyes, crowbait!
text: He makes a ‘V’ with his fingers followed by a short
text: stabbing motion. ZORAN reels back. eK
speaker_heading: VALKA (CONT'D) xe
dialog: Don’t you know what ‘Stalin’ means
dialog: funny man? Man-of-Steel. He
dialog: takes from rich and gives to poor.
speaker_heading: ZORAN
text: Sure he does. Then he puts both
dialog: of them in a camp for twenty-five
dialog: years.
text: VALKA goes back to his carving.
dialog: Al27
speaker_heading: AB127
dialog: 128
dialog: 74.
scene_heading: EXT. RAILWAY TRACKS - NIGHT Al27
text: JANUSZ stands on the tracks looking down the line to a
text: cutting where the track disappears around a bend. The
text: sound of an approaching train, a dim light already
text: reflected on the side of the cutting. He turns and looks
text: toward the trees where the others are approaching down a
text: wooded hillside. He hurries toward them, urging them to
text: take cover in the bracken beside the track. SMITH points
text: out a glowing red light further down the track from the
text: approaching train.
scene_heading: EXT. RAILWAY TRACK — NIGHT AB127
text: The train thunders into the cutting with a squeal of
text: breaks as the driver sights the red light on the track
text: ahead, and the train slows to a stop.
scene_heading: EXT. BESIDE THE TRACK — NIGHT 127
text: Close on the faces of the escapees as they look up to the
text: carriages stopped in front of them. They are cattle-—
text: cars, but its soon apparent their cargo is human. From
text: the high windows, hands can be seen clutching the bars.
text: From inside a communal groaning and sighing. Voices,
text: female voices, cry out for water, and on the agonized
text: faces of the fugitives a mixture of pain and empathy.
text: Then the train seems to sigh, like a great beast, and
text: from beneath the carriages flow streams of blood and
text: urine. As the distant light turns green the train slowly
text: moves forward, and as it does so, letters and notes drop
text: to the tracks from the barred windows.
text: After it is gone they scramble over the tracks into the
text: woods on the other side, all but VOSS. He is picking up
text: as many of the notes and letters as he can.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ (V.O.)
dialog: Andrejs, for God’s sake!
text: VOSS slowly crosses the tracks, and disappears into the
dialog: brush.
scene_heading: EXT. BRUSH, TRACKSIDE - NIGHT 128
text: VOSS, overwhelmed with emotion sits down, examining the
text: letters and notes in his hand. JANUSZ hurries back for
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: *
speaker_heading: Oe HO OOK
dialog: 128
dialog: 129
dialog: 130
dialog: Revised 2/10/09 (Blue) 75.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 128
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: Come on!
text: But VOSS doesn’t move. JANUSZ sits beside him, and voss
text: passes him a sample of the prisoners’ pathetic messages —
text: some scrawled on the back of photographs. They are
dialog: mostly names and addresses, pleas for someone to mail or
dialog: inform relatives of what happened to them — some have
dialog: even clipped a few bank-notes to pay for postage.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 1290 **
scene_heading: EXT. RUSSO-MONGOLIAN BORDER, COUNTRYSIDE — DAWN 130 **
text: Tall striped posts at intervals, strung with rusted wire —
text: beyond, a dirt road and distant fields. From a concealed
text: position in the nearby trees they carefully watch for
text: signs of a patrol. JANUSZ goes first, passing easily
text: through the sagging fence. ZORAN calls to him.
speaker_heading: ZORAN
dialog: (shouts)
dialog: What’s it like in Mongolia?
text: JANUSZ holds up a hand — ‘Keep your voice down’. ZORAN
text: crawls through the wire followed by the others.
speaker_heading: ZORAN (CONT’D)
dialog: I love Mongolia.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Love it later. We need to get as
dialog: far from this border as possible.
text: ZORAN faces Russia and as if bowing at the end of a
dialog: performance.
speaker_heading: ZORAN
dialog: Thank you Mother Russia for your
dialog: hospitality! I definitely will
dialog: not be coming back!
text: It’s only then that we notice that VALKA has not crossed
text: through. He stands staring at them from the Soviet side.
text: It’s clear he’s going no further. JANUSZ crosses back to
text: him, and they talk through the wire.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURD )
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: 130 CONTINUED: 130
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: They’1l catch you if you stay, you
dialog: know that.
speaker_heading: VALKA
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Prison is o.k. Debt is bad. But
dialog: there are many prisons. They
dialog: don't find me.
text: They stand a moment, watching the others moving toward a
text: line of trees.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: No, America?
speaker_heading: VALKA
dialog: It’s not for me - ‘Freedom’.
dialog: Wouldn’t know what to do with it,
dialog: I swear to God.
text: He places his hand on the wooden hilt of his knife,
text: sticking out of his waistband.
speaker_heading: VALKA (CONT’D)
dialog: So we must say goodbye, my Wolf
dialog: and me.
text: JANUSZ glances at the knife.
speaker_heading: VALKA (CONT’D)
dialog: You don’t need him any more.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: Good luck, Valka.
speaker_heading: VALKA
dialog: Good luck, Pakhan.
text: And he turns and walks away. JANUSZ walks toward the
text: distant group and by the time he looks back, VALKA is
dialog: gone.
scene_heading: 131 EXT. MONGOLIAN STEPPE — DAY 131
text: A vast plain stretches to distant snow-capped peaks.
text: Dotted on the hills the Gers - circular tent-like
text: structures, home to the nomadic Mongolians. In the
text: distance walk the band of survivors, strung out in a line
text: abreast. Their voices drift back - snatches of
text: conversation, and laughter.
dialog: 132
dialog: 133
dialog: 134-135
speaker_heading: A136
dialog: Revised 2/10/09 (Blue) 77.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 132
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD ~ DAY 133
text: The travellers striding confidently down the dirt road.
text: Around a bend, a decorative archway over the road, a town
text: visible a few miles further on. They stop in their
text: tracks. On one side of the timber structure a portrait
dialog: of Josef Stalin. On the other the local Mongolian
text: leader, a red star on his military cap. In the centre,
text: the hammer and sickle over a painting of a brown hand
text: shaking a white one. Small flags of both nations flap
text: ominously.
text: CLOSE on the stunned faces of the fugitives.
speaker_heading: VOSS
dialog: It’s here too.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: This changes everything.
text: IRENA looks at the grassy plains all about them.
speaker_heading: IRENA
text: Nowhere to hide.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 134-135
scene_heading: EXT. MONGOLIAN STEPPE, LATER - DAY A136
text: The group walk toward a distant line of hills, feeling
text: very exposed to any watching eyes.
speaker_heading: ZORAN
dialog: How far is China?
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
text: Five, six hundred kilometers.
text: ZORAN groans.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: Is China free?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: There’s a war on with the
dialog: Japanese, I know that much.
speaker_heading: VOSS
dialog: After China is Tibet. Religious
dialog: people. Buddhists.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNUED )
dialog: ke
dialog: we
dialog: we
dialog: ee
speaker_heading: eK
dialog: we
speaker_heading: KK
speaker_heading: KK
dialog: we
dialog: we
dialog: we
dialog: dee
dialog: ae
speaker_heading: KK
speaker_heading: KK
speaker_heading: A136
speaker_heading: AB136
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: Revised 2/10/09 (Blue) 78.
speaker_heading: A136
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: But isn’t Tibet closed to
dialog: foreigners? I remember reading
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: VOSS
dialog: Their religion would compel them
dialog: to shelter us. We could go to
dialog: Lhasa, the capital.
speaker_heading: ZORAN
text: We break out of one ‘closed
dialog: country’ and now we plan to break
dialog: into another? I like ‘open’
dialog: countries.
text: TOMASZ and JANUSZ exchange a few excited words in Polish.
speaker_heading: TRENA translates.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: They say we could go beyond Tibet.
text: Over the mountains. To India.
speaker_heading: ZORAN
dialog: What mountains?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: The Himalayas.
speaker_heading: TOMASZ
dialog: We could join the British Army.
dialog: First fight Nazis then Russians!
speaker_heading: ZORAN
dialog: Go over the Himalayas? How? Ona
dialog: Magic carpet?
text: A silence as they contemplate the massive distances
text: stretching ahead of them.
scene_heading: EXT. ABANDONED STONE BUILDING, MONGOLIA - DAWN AB136
text: In the middle of an empty plain a small circular stone
dialog: ruin.
dialog: **
speaker_heading: Kk
dialog: **
speaker_heading: Kk
dialog: **
dialog: **
dialog: **
speaker_heading: eK
speaker_heading: aK
dialog: *K
dialog: **
speaker_heading: KK
dialog: **
dialog: we
dialog: **
dialog: **
dialog: ee
dialog: *e
dialog: ak
dialog: kk
speaker_heading: KK
dialog: **
dialog: ak
dialog: wk
dialog: 136
dialog: 137
dialog: 138
dialog: 79.
scene_heading: INT. RUIN — DAWN 136
text: Sleeping figures. A gentle tip-tapping sound. VOSS
text: opens his eyes. Staring back at him from the doorway,
text: half a dozen sheep. He nudges TOMASZ who wakes sleepily,
text: takes his eye-line. Carefully, slowly, they rise, VOSS
text: drawing his deer-bone knife. Then they move. The sheep
text: retreat, bumping into each other, and outside the chase
text: is on. TOMASZ tackles a ewe and VOSS approaches with a
text: knife, but JANUSZ is behind him, grabs his arm.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: Not Andrejs, no!
text: VOSS tries to free his arm.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ (CONT’D)
dialog: Don’t kill it!
speaker_heading: TOMASZ
dialog: Why not? We’re hungry!
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: You want the locals after us too?
text: They break into Polish, a blazing argument, months of
text: pent up frustration. VOSS picks up the sheep and carries
text: it inside the ruin.
scene_heading: INT. RUIN, LATER - DAY 137
text: Milk squirting into their aluminium bowl as VOSS expertly
text: milks the ewe, IRENA and ZORAN holding it steady.
scene_heading: EXT. STEPPE - DAY 138
text: The sun is blazing as they cross through a sea of grass,
text: hills rising in the distance like islands.
text: TOMASZ and ZORAN play a long distance walker’s game -—
text: each in turn kicking a rock out ahead, continually
text: passing it from one to the other.
text: JANUSZ and SMITH look to the hills surrounding them as
dialog: they walk.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: You feel it?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 138
speaker_heading: A139
speaker_heading: AB139
dialog: 140
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 138
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: Feel what?
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: We’re being watched.
text: IRENA uneasy, squints in the direction of the hills. And
dialog: you can feel it. Like a John Ford western there’s a
dialog: sense of being in Indian territory, of their every move
text: watched by unseen eyes.
scene_heading: EXT. BUDDHIST TEMPLE - DAY © A139
text: A distant view of a temple complex at the base of low
dialog: hills.
scene_heading: EXT. STEPPE - DAY AB139
dialog: The above has been pointed out by VOSS to the group, and
text: they decide to make their way to the temple, in the hope
dialog: of getting food.
scene_heading: EXT. ABANDONED TEMPLE COMPLEX, STEPPES -— DAY 139
text: Within a walled compound they wander between a series of
text: recently abandoned Buddhist temples and out-buildings.
text: By the size of the compound, several hundred monks may
text: have lived here. Everywhere are signs of violence -
text: doors hang from hinges, and a large statue of Buddha lies
text: smashed in a courtyard. JANUSZ points to a line of
text: bullet impacts, stitched across a wall.
scene_heading: INT. TEMPLE -— DAY 140
text: There are bloodstains on the floor, and the wind howling
text: about the building makes a haunting accompaniment. IRENA
text: and VOSS are alone inside.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: What happened here?
dialog: Voss
dialog: The same as happened in Russia.
dialog: Churches closed, priests shot or
dialog: taken to camps, religion banned.
dialog: They came to my church, in Latvia.
dialog: Destroyed everything, declared it
text: a ‘museum’. Later that night,
text: there was a lone guard. A boy.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 140
dialog: 141
dialog: B81.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 140
speaker_heading: VOSS (CONT'D)
dialog: I strangled him until his eyes
text: popped right out of his head.
dialog: Valka knew somehow. Knew I’d
dialog: killed in cold blood.
text: He bows his head. IRENA looks up at him, and they stand
text: together in silence, but for the moaning wind.
scene_heading: EXT. MONGOLIAN STEPPE -— DAY 141
text: As they head South, each is lost in their own thoughts
text: when seemingly out of nowhere a half-dozen Mongolian
text: horsemen are galloping toward them. The horsemen circle
text: them, far from friendly looks on their faces. They wear
text: the traditional costume of Steppe nomads and range in age
text: from a man in his seventies down to a six-year-old boy.
text: The OLD MAN pulls up his horse in front of SMITH,
dialog: figuring as he’s the oldest he’1ll also be the leader.
text: The groups stare at each other. The OLD MAN speaks in
text: Russian, a rough guttural accent.
text: [THE FOLLOWING DIALOGUE IS IN RUSSIAN. ]
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Russki?
text: A glance between SMITH and JANUSZ. Much may hang on his
dialog: answer.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: No. American.
text: The OLD MAN maybe doesn’t get the ‘American’ part, but he
text: gets that they are not Russian. He seems pleased about
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Lhasa?
text: SMITH nods.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Lhasa. Yes. Tibet.
text: JANUSZ points South.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Pilgrim?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: No horses?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 141
dialog: 142
dialog: 144
dialog: Revised 2/10/09 (Blue) 82.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 141
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: We are too poor to have horses.
text: The OLD MAN points at IRENA.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: wife?
text: SMITH looks at IRENA.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Daughter.
text: IRENA moves closer to him. SMITH puts a protective arm
text: about her shoulder. The OLD MAN considers the situation
text: for a moment longer before abruptly turning, and followed
text: by his band, galloping off toward the distant hills.
text: Looks between the group, not exactly of relief, as
text: there’s a feeling it may not be the last they see of the
text: riders. IRENA looks up at SMITH, smiles at him.
dialog: Something about him calling her his daughter has touched
text: some hidden place. SMITH, a little embarrassed, smiles
dialog: back.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER'S EDGE, MONGOLIA - DAY 142
text: While SMITH fishes in the river, others tend to their
text: battered feet. VOSS passes around deer fat in his
text: improvised deer skull container. This they rub over raw
text: patches, and between their toes where deep cracks have
text: developed. JANUSZ repairs their footwear, while TOMASZ
text: sits by the fire sketching IRENA. ZORAN, the camp **
dialog: barber, trims hairs and beards **
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPSITE -— DAWN 143
text: TOMASZ is smoking fish over the fire as the group stir.
text: He gives ZORAN a kick.
speaker_heading: ZORAN
dialog: What did you do that for? I was
dialog: in the middle of this beautiful
dialog: dream — just about to eat some
dialog: salt, I could already taste it. I
dialog: want to go back to that dream.
scene_heading: EXT. STEPPES, MONGOLIA, LATER — DAY 144
text: The figures seen walking away in the distance. Floating
text: back the voice of TOMASZ giving a recipe of a favorite
text: Polish dish to ZORAN.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNUED }
dialog: 144
dialog: 145
dialog: 146
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 144
speaker_heading: TOMASZ
text: Then add two sprigs of rosemary
text: and a pinch of nutmeg.
speaker_heading: ZORAN
dialog: Nutmeg? What about the salt?
speaker_heading: TOMASZ
dialog: We’ll get to that. Now, add the
dialog: oil and leave it to marinate,
dialog: while you prepare the chicken.
dialog: That's where the salt comes in...
speaker_heading: ZORAN
dialog: Good.
speaker_heading: TOMASZ
dialog: Rub it into the skin of the
dialog: chicken with a little of the
dialog: paprika.
speaker_heading: ZORAN
dialog: Double the salt.
speaker_heading: TOMASZ
dialog: I can’t just double the salt!
dialog: It’ll be too salty.
speaker_heading: ZORAN
dialog: I don’t care, just do it.
speaker_heading: TOMASZ
dialog: I’m not going to ruin it.
scene_heading: EXT. A CHANGING LANDSCAPE, MONGOLIA - DAY 145
text: A primaeval and austerely beautiful landscape stretches
text: before them. Tufty knolls of dry grass are the only
text: detail that break up the flat immensity.
scene_heading: RIDGE-TOP — DAY 146
text: Up ahead of them on the edge of a ridge a lone Mongolian
text: horseman watches them approach. He’s the young boy from
text: the group of horseman who originally approached them.
text: They pause before him. He looks at them a moment then
text: tosses a goatskin bag at their feet before galloping off
text: in the direction from which they came. VOSS picks up the
text: skin bag, gives it a shake. Water.
text: They continue on to the edge of the ridge and a view of a
text: vast desert plain is revealed.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: eH OF
dialog: *
dialog: 146
dialog: Al47
dialog: 147
dialog: 148
dialog: 149
dialog: 150
dialog: Revised 3/16/09 (Salmon) 84.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 146
text: They look back to the disappearing horseman before
text: scrambling down the rocky slope.
scene_heading: EXT. GOBI DESERT —- DAY Al47
text: The group crossing into the heart of the Gobi.
scene_heading: EXT. GOBI DESERT, LATER — DAY 147
text: voss is the first to see it — a vast glittering lake.
text: They hurry toward it.
speaker_heading: LATER, 148
text: The lake leads them on, but appears no closer.
speaker_heading: LATER STILL, 149
text: JANUSZ has taken a reading of the sun, using his stick
text: method. He points out their direction — it is away from
text: the beckoning lake.
speaker_heading: VOSS
dialog: Janusz!
text: JANUSZ hesitates, looks at VOSS who holds up their water-
dialog: bag.
speaker_heading: VOSS (CONT’D.) (CONT'D)
dialog: We should go to the lake. Water
dialog: is getting low.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: What lake? It’s a mirage.
text: He plods on, away from the shimmering vision. There’s
text: little the others can do but trust JANUSZ, and slowly
text: they follow.
scene_heading: EXT. THE GOBI - MIDDAY/DUSK 150
text: The sun is directly above, the land shimmering with heat
text: ».. The group have stuck their sticks in the ground and
text: draped their jackets over them, making a sunshade they
speaker_heading: SHELTER under.
dialog: 151
dialog: 152
speaker_heading: A153
dialog: 153
dialog: Revised 3/16/09 (Salmon) 85.
speaker_heading: LATER, 151
text: The sun has dropped, casting shadows. JANUSZ rises from
text: the shelter and calls for the others to continue.
scene_heading: EXT. THE GOBI — ANOTHER DAY 152
text: The figures, tiny in the surrounding desert, walk on,
text: JANUSZ in the lead needing to constantly slow down to
text: allow the others to catch up.
scene_heading: EXT. THE GOBI - SAME DAY A153
text: The group hesitate on hearing a distant roaring sound up
text: ahead. Nothing on the horizon. Then they are hit by a
text: fierce wind, as toward them rolls a vast cloud of sand.
text: They drop to the ground instinctively, and huddled
text: together throw blankets around their shoulders and over
text: their heads, as they are engulfed in the choking sand.
text: LATER, they emerge from their own ‘dune’, and shaking
text: themselves down they resume their journey southward.
scene_heading: EXT. THE GOBI — NIGHT 153
text: The temperature has dropped to freezing and they huddle
text: by a fire, picking sand out of their small ration of
dialog: food.
speaker_heading: ZORAN
dialog: I’m too tired to sleep.
speaker_heading: TOMASZ
dialog: Why not keep walking?
speaker_heading: ZORAN
dialog: I’m for that, if we can wake
dialog: Andrejs.
text: They look to where VOSS sleeps.
speaker_heading: ZORAN (CONT’D)
dialog: He can sleep anywhere, any time.
dialog: How does he do it?
speaker_heading: SMITH
speaker_heading: (to JANUSZ)
dialog: Can you plot your way by the
dialog: stars?
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURD )
speaker_heading: FF HH
dialog: *
dialog: 153
scene_heading: Revised 3/16/09 (Salmon) 85A.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 153
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: (Nods.)
dialog: Yes, but haven’t you noticed?
text: He points upward to the low clouds obscuring the stars.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: What about water?
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: What about it?
speaker_heading: (CONTTNUED )
dialog: 153
dialog: 154
dialog: 155
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 153
speaker_heading: SMITH
text: I don’t see any. I’m trying to
dialog: remember my school geography but I
dialog: seem to recall the Gobi Desert
text: somewhere in Southern Mongolia.
text: JANUSZ begins scooping out a hole in the pebbly ground.
text: It’s funnel-shaped, narrow at the base. The others watch
text: as he lines the sides with dried deerskin, placing their
text: cooking pot in the base.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: We may pick up a little morning
dialog: dew.
dialog: Glad of something practical to do they all set about
text: digging and lining holes with anything to hand.
scene_heading: EXT. THE GOBI — DAWN 154
text: As they wake, they harvest the precious droplets of water
text: caught overnight, trickling the contents into their pot,
text: barely a quarter cupful.
scene_heading: EXT. GOBI - DAY 155
text: No-one has slept much and they walk like zombies, strung
text: out in a line, no-one speaking, all just dully
text: concentrating on placing one foot after the other. ZORAN
text: notices VOSS, walking behind him is actually asleep. He
text: has swung his backpack onto his chest and with his head
text: resting on it he is actually sleep-walking. ZORAN tests
text: his theory by walking away from the group, in a small
text: circle. VOSS follows, guided by the sound of ZORAN’s
text: footsteps. He wakes him, VOSS looking around with a
dialog: start.
speaker_heading: ZORAN
dialog: You were asleep!
speaker_heading: VOSS
dialog: No I wasn’t.
speaker_heading: ZORAN
dialog: You were following the sound of my
text: footsteps - sleep-walking.
text: The others have stopped. ZORAN takes the backpack from
text: VOSS, and places it on the exhausted IRENA.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 155
dialog: 157
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 155
speaker_heading: ZORAN (CONT’D)
dialog: Just follow the sound of my
text: footsteps.
text: She nods, not fully understanding.
speaker_heading: ZORAN (CONT’D)
dialog: Put all else out of your mind, and
dialog: sleep. I'll wake you in Calcutta.
text: She smiles, nods, already half asleep.
scene_heading: EXT. GOBI, LATER ~ DAY 156
text: ZORAN looks over his shoulder, smiles proudly as he sees
text: IRENA is sleep-walking, trusting to the steady sound of
text: his footsteps.
scene_heading: EXT. GOBI MID-DAY 157
text: The group rest under the meagre shade provided by their
text: coats. SMITH walks away from them, and crests a slight
text: rise. From here he has a clear view to the horizon. Off
text: in the distance a dark patch against the light sand.
text: Through the dancing mid-day light he sees shapes. Trees?
text: He staggers back to the group.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Janusz?
text: JANUSZ follows him to the rise. SMITH points to his
text: discovery. JANUSZ squints against the light.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
text: It’s another mirage.
text: SMITH shakes his head ‘no’.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: We have no more water. I see
dialog: trees. Where there’s trees
dialog: there’s water.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: It’s East. We must head South.
text: The others have joined them, staring toward the distant
dialog: shape.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 157
dialog: 158
dialog: 159
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 157
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: I’ve never doubted you, Janusz.
dialog: Not once. But we must give it a
dialog: try.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: No. We must keep going South!
dialog: You’11 kill us ali!
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Damn it, we’re already dying.
text: JANUSZ goes to move on, SMITH grabs his shirt sleeve, a
text: short pathetic struggle sees them fall to their knees,
text: VOSS and TOMASZ move to separate them. SMITH is the
text: first to stand, brushing sand and dirt from his clothes.
text: He turns to the others.
speaker_heading: SMITH (CONT'D)
dialog: You have a choice.
text: He looks at IRENA, then turns and goes back for his staff
text: and jacket. The others watch as he turns East toward his
dialog: discovery.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
text: It’s a mirage. Just a mirage.
text: SMITH keeps walking away - a strange echo of the incident
text: in Siberia when he walked away from the guards. Perhaps
text: it is this memory that causes the others to turn
text: silently, and collecting their few possessions, to follow
text: him. JANUSZ watches a while, then slowly follows.
scene_heading: EXT. THE GOBI — DAY 158
text: Close on SMITH as he squints against the glare. His
dialog: point of view:
text: OASIS OR MIRAGE? THE DISTANT OUTLINE OF TREES SEEMS TO
text: DISAPPEAR IN THE SHIMMERING WAVES OF LIQUID HEAT.
speaker_heading: BRIEF TIME LAPSE: 159
text: Close on TOMASZ as he stares ahead of him. His point of
dialog: view:
text: CLOSER NOW, BUT STILL IT WEAVES, APPEARING AND
text: REAPPEARING IN THE HEAT-SHIMMERS.
dialog: 160
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: BRIEF TIME LAPSE: 160
text: Close on ZORAN. His point of view:
text: CLOSER AGAIN. A BIRD RISES INTO THE SKY FROM THE NOW
scene_heading: MORE SOLID TREES.
text: Back on ZORAN.
speaker_heading: ZORAN
dialog: Mirages don’t have birds!
text: Wider, and they’re running, running with the last of
dialog: their precious energy.
scene_heading: EXT. WELL - DAY 161
text: A clump of straggly tortured trees surround a desert well
text: ~- a low square of ancient stones. They sprawl by the
text: well, SMITH reaching down inside with their bowl to bring
text: up a scoop of crystal clear water. It’s passed around
dialog: rapidly.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Just a little. Don’t fill
dialog: yourselves.
text: More scoops follow in quick succession, enough to splash
text: hands and faces.
text: VOSS calls from a few yards away.
speaker_heading: VOSS
text: Fire. Coals are still warm.
text: SMITH and JANUSZ join him, examining the ground about the
dialog: fire.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Lots of tracks. Nomads?
speaker_heading: VOSS
dialog: Maybe others will come?
speaker_heading: TOMASZ
dialog: Over here! The remains of a meal!
dialog: There’s still meat on the bones!
text: He points to the cooked remains of some animal. Using
text: VOSS’s deer-bone knife he scrapes meat from the bones,
text: others just attacking any bone they find.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 161
dialog: 162
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 161
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: Don’t eat it all!
text: He manages to save at least half of the meat, wrapping it
text: in a cloth, and putting it in VOSS’s backpack.
scene_heading: EXT. WELL, LATER - DAY 162
text: They lie stretched out under the shade of the trees
text: dozing, and every now and then going back to the well to
dialog: drink or just to lay their hands in the cool water.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPFIRE — NIGHT 163
text: IRENA sleeps while the men discuss their situation in
text: hushed tones.
speaker_heading: TOMASZ
dialog: At least we have water here.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: But no food.
speaker_heading: VOSS
dialog: Other nomads will come. Water
text: their flocks.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: When? Next week? Next month?
speaker_heading: ZORAN
dialog: We could wait a few days, at
dialog: least.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: Without food, we'll only get
text: weaker. Maybe too weak to travel.
speaker_heading: TOMASZ
dialog: These last days - I don’t know
dialog: that I could go through that
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: VOSS
dialog: (looks at the water)
dialog: It was a miracle finding this.
dialog: Can we count on another?
speaker_heading: TOMASZ
dialog: I say we stay.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 163
dialog: 164
dialog: 165
dialog: 166
dialog: 168
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 163
text: They look to SMITH. He looks up to find them watching
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: What are you looking at me for?
dialog: Ask Janusz. He’s already made up
dialog: his mind for us, haven’t you,
dialog: Janusz?
text: JANUSZ says nothing.
scene_heading: EXT. WELL — DAWN 164
text: They all take a last drink from the well, then pour water
text: over their faces and clothes. VOSS fills the skin water-
text: bag, then ZORAN fills their cooking bowl to the brim.
text: Steam is rising from their damp clothing when they set
text: off. ZORAN walking on tip-toe, anxious not to spill a
text: drop from the bowl in his outstretched hand.
scene_heading: EXT. GOBI DESERT - DAY 165
text: Close on TOMASZ as he looks back over his shoulder to
dialog: see:
text: THE WELL, STILL NOT MORE THAN 500 YARDS BEHIND.
speaker_heading: BRIEF TIME LAPSE: 166
text: Close on ZORAN as he too turns for a last look at:
text: THE WELL, NOW UP TO HALF A MILE BEHIND AND LOOKING LESS
text: REAL IN THE SHIMMERING HEAT.
speaker_heading: BRIEF TIME LAPSE: 167
text: Close on VOSS, he shades his eyes to see:
text: THE WELL IS BELOW THE HORIZON NOW, AND ALL THAT CAN BE
text: SEEN IS THE ENDLESS FLATNESS, THE SAME EMPTINESS THAT
text: STRETCHES OUT BEFORE THEM.
scene_heading: EXT. GOBI, DESERT —- TIMELAPSE - DAY 168
text: They walk in a desert void. There are no features, no
text: distant hills, no growth of any kind. It is an
text: emptiness, the only sound that of their footsteps and
text: their labored breathing.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: *
dialog: +e ee
dialog: 168
dialog: 169
dialog: 170
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 168
text: All the while their water supply is dwindling - water
text: from ZORAN’s bowl long gone, the goat-skin water-—bag no
text: longer sloshes, but has to be squeezed to get out even a
text: mouthful.
scene_heading: EXT. GOBI - DUSK 169
text: JANUSZ hands out small portions of the scavenged meat
text: from the waterhole.
text: All of them are subject to cramps, the result of the lack
text: of water, and from time to time they are seen reacting to
text: a sudden bolt of pain, attempting to stretch against it,
text: or massage the limb out of its paralysis.
scene_heading: LATER, SAME CAMPSITE — NIGHT 170
text: SMITH and JANUSZ collect more dried camel dung for the
text: fire. SMITH looks to where the others sit.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: We’re in trouble.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: I know that, but they mustn’t.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: They know.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: You can survive a month or more
dialog: without food, but water?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Days?
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: Maybe two days, maybe less in this
dialog: heat.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: What about what we’re getting from
dialog: condensation?
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: It’s the only thing keeping us
dialog: alive. But for how long?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Can you get us back to the
dialog: waterhole?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 172
dialog: 94,
scene_heading: EXT. GOBI - LATER — DAY 172
text: As they walk VOSS picks up a pebble, holds it up to show
text: ZORAN who walks behind him.
dialog: Voss
dialog: When we worked the fields, during
dialog: the hot summers, we used to suck
dialog: on small stones like these. Don’t
dialog: know why but it made us feel less
dialog: thirsty.
text: ZORAN picks up a pebble.
speaker_heading: ZORAN
dialog: We’ve eaten just about everything
dialog: else.
dialog: voss
dialog: You don’t eat it, just suck on it.
text: At this moment IRENA falls again, her knees buckling and
text: her face pitching into the sand in almost one movement.
text: They turn her over again, wiping the sand from her nose
text: and mouth. SMITH makes a shelter over her with their
text: sticks and jackets. She lies with her eyes closed, her
text: breathing coming in harsh gasps. Both legs are now
text: swollen to the knees. He touches the swelling and the
text: marks his fingers make remain for some seconds.
speaker_heading: VOSS (CONT’D)
dialog: Sunstroke?
text: IRENA wakes.
speaker_heading: TRENA
dialog: I’m becoming a nuisance.
text: She looks down at her legs.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: Do they hurt you?
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: No, not at all. They must be
dialog: swelling because I’ve walked so
dialog: far. Don’t you think, Mister?
text: SMITH nods reassuringly then quickly turns away, a look
text: of deep anguish passing across his face.
dialog: *
dialog: 173
dialog: 174
dialog: 175
dialog: 95.
scene_heading: EXT. GOBI - NIGHT 173
text: The others keep watch over her as she sleeps. SMITH
text: passes around a splash of water in the cup. They all
dialog: refuse it.
speaker_heading: ZORAN
dialog: Save it for Irena. We’ve got our
text: pebbles.
text: And he pops one in his mouth, makes out it’s delicious
dialog: and soothing.
text: In the now familiar ritual they scoop out holes in the
text: sand, lining them with their jackets, hopeful of
dialog: collecting a little moisture overnight.
scene_heading: EXT. GOBI — DAWN 174
text: They walk on, ZORAN carefully carrying the partly filled
text: bowl of water. IRENA seems refreshed, but JANUSZ and
text: SMITH walk beside her, watching her every step.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: I can walk alright if I can lean a
dialog: little on you.
text: They each lightly lay a hard on her elbow.
scene_heading: EXT. GOBI - LATER — DAY 175
text: IRENA starts to fall forward, they steady her, and she
text: walks on for a bit before slumping forward, and falling
text: to her knees. SMITH too falls with exhaustion. VOSS
text: hurries back to them.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: Can you go on?
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: I think so. But what about Mr.
dialog: Smith?
text: SMITH struggling for breath is back on his feet, waving
text: them on. VOSS and JANUSZ each put an arm about her and
text: half-carrying, half-dragging her, they set off again but
text: it’s no use, she’s lost all her strength.
speaker_heading: VOSS
dialog: I’m going to carry her.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 178
dialog: 180
speaker_heading: 181
dialog: 97.
scene_heading: EXT. GOBI DESERT - DAY 178 *
text: A lizard, in close up, listens to an approaching sound.
text: As the volume builds he runs for his life. A beetle too,
text: has heard it and burrows into the sand as a foot ina
text: battered moccasin looms large in frame. We follow the
text: foot a few staggering steps, then a blur, as a body falis
text: through frame, ending in a close-up of TOMASZ, his breath
text: coming in short gasps.
scene_heading: EXT. WIDER, GOBI DESERT — DAY 179 *
text: The five figures, small in frame, TOMASZ the last in
text: line, down on his knees. He raises a hand, hasn’t the
text: strength to call out. Then one of the figures sees him,
text: calls to the others.
text: CLOSE on TOMASZ.
text: He pulls the leg of his trousers up with difficulty - the
text: tell-tale swelling of the ankles, just as with IRENA. As
text: JANUSZ approaches he quickly covers his legs and staggers
text: to his feet. JANUSZ steadies him, and taking his arm
dialog: they continue.
scene_heading: EXT. DUNES, GOBI DESERT - DAY 180
text: As they walk the landscape changes from the endless
text: scrubby plain to sweeping sand dunes. The nature of the
text: terrain makes the going slower and they move forward on
text: the edge of exhaustion. In a curious freak of Nature the
text: wind whips across the top of the dunes creating an eerie
text: singing sound. Ahead, and across their path a massive *
text: dune - no way forward but over it. TOMASZ looks up,
text: staring in horror -
dialog: *
scene_heading: TOMASZ‘S HALLUCINATION: *
text: The dune is moving, rising up, higher and higher, like a *
text: massive sand wave.
text: Back on TOMASZ. He collapses, unconscious. *
scene_heading: EXT. BASE OF THE GREAT DUNE, GOBI - TWILIGHT 181 *
text: An eerie, ghostly twilight, the group all sitting *
text: together in a rough circle around TOMASZ. He seems to *
text: revive as he passes around sketches he’s made during
dialog: their imprisonment and escape.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 181
dialog: 182
dialog: 183
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 181
text: It’s an almost cheerful scene, like a traveller showing
text: happy snaps taken on holiday.
speaker_heading: VOSS
dialog: I like this one. When did you do
dialog: that?
text: He holds up a sketch of KAZIK, showing him examining one *
text: of his battered shoes.
speaker_heading: TOMASZ
dialog: On the train. Poor Kazik, always
text: the trouble with his feet.
text: ZORAN holds up a drawing of himself.
speaker_heading: ZORAN
dialog: Who’s this?
speaker_heading: TOMASZ
dialog: You.
text: ZORAN looks at it again genuinely shocked.
speaker_heading: ZORAN
dialog: My father maybe, but ... is that
dialog: how I look now?
text: A chuckle from the others.
text: SMITH stares at a sketch of IRENA.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: You caught her smile.
text: SMITH passes the sketch to JANUSZ as TOMASZ lays back
text: down, a smile on his face. He looks up at the stars. He
text: knows he’s dying and has accepted the fact. This in turn
dialog: has given strength to his friends, and between them all
text: is a feeling of love and a kind of peace.
scene_heading: EXT. BASE OF THE GREAT DUNE, GOBI - DAWN 182 *
text: They've tied his pencil to a length of hide, and hung it
text: from the top of the cross over his grave. A faint breath
text: of morning breeze sets it swinging like a pendulum, the
text: others long gone.
scene_heading: EXT. DUNES — DAY 183
text: As they stagger on JANUSZ has moved well out in front,
text: when he stumbles and falls. Then he sees it, just out
text: ahead, and he begins crawling toward it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 183
dialog: 184
dialog: 186
dialog: 187
dialog: 99,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 183
scene_heading: JANUSZ‘S MIRAGE - DAY:
text: It’s the hedge and gate from his vision. Behind the
text: hedge the hint of a roof. Through the gate can be seen
text: the path to the front door.
scene_heading: EXT. DUNES - DAY 184
text: JANUSZ crawling faster now, when ZORAN appears beside
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: Do you see it?
speaker_heading: ZORAN
dialog: Come on, Jan.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: But do you see it?
speaker_heading: ZORAN
dialog: No.
text: He helps him to his feet and they continue on.
scene_heading: EXT. DUNES, GOBI DESERT — DAY 185
text: In the glare of the noon-day sun they shelter under
text: their coats propped on their walking staffs. No-one
dialog: speaks.
scene_heading: EXT. DUNES, GOBI DESERT — DAY 186
text: SMITH and JANUSZ support each other as they stagger on.
text: SMITH’s eyes are on the ground, following the dancing
text: shadows before him. JANUSZ nudges him, points — above
text: them two magnificent eagles, the source of the shadows.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: Eagles live in mountains.
text: SMITH looks at the featureless landscape ahead.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: They also fly long distances.
scene_heading: EXT. LANDSCAPE, MONGOLIA - DAY 187
text: The dunes are more intermittent here, the ground more
text: stony and undulating.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 189
dialog: 190
dialog: 191
dialog: 192
dialog: 193
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 189
text: VOSS hears it first, and with his remaining strength
text: moves out of the circle of firelight into the desert. He
text: pauses, listens again.
text: A scraping sound. Then he sees them coming out of the
text: gloom - JANUSZ dragging an unconscious SMITH by his
text: shoulders. VOSS hurries to them. A look from JANUSZ -
text: ‘water’? VOSS shakes his head, ‘No’.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPSITE —- SAME — DAWN 190
text: A black snake, thick as your wrist, slides over ZORAN’S
text: leg. He stares, too close to death to feel fear. He's
text: not even entirely sure it’s real. He watches its
text: progress as it slithers up the rocky hillside. Then he
text: gets it, and he’s up, running on pure adrenaline,
text: following after the snake, leaving his sleeping
text: companions by the fire.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLSIDE - BRIEF MONTAGE — DAY 191
text: ZORAN tracking the snake. He mutters to himself in a
text: kind of delirium. He is crawling after the snake,
text: scraping skin from knees and elbows. The snake disappears
text: down into a rocky defile, followed by ZORAN.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPSITE — DAY 192
text: SMITH in a death-like sleep. A distance away VOSS and
text: JANUSZ stand, staring upward at the waving figure some
text: fifty metres up the hill. A native? Black mud obscures
text: his face. It’s ZORAN. He waves, dances about, then in a
text: cracked voice, a single word drifts down to them.
speaker_heading: ZORAN
dialog: Water!
scene_heading: EXT. VALLEY FLOOR —- DAY 193
text: ZORAN, JANUSZ, VOSS - lie flat out like lizards, their
text: faces in damp, black mud. Sucking sounds. They slurp at
text: small pools of water, split lips, puffed and bleeding.
text: At first, just to swallow is painful, but it is life.
text: After each mouthful there is a moment they must wait as
text: the seepage re-fills the little hollows.
dialog: 194
dialog: 197
dialog: 102.
scene_heading: EXT. MUD-POOLS - LATER - DAY 194
text: They've carried SMITH to the water and JANUSZ supports
text: him in a sitting position while VOSS and ZORAN, in turn,
text: soak their shirts in the mud, dripping the life-giving
text: liquid into SMITH’S mouth. He coughs, splutters, as he
text: sucks at the moisture.
scene_heading: EXT. ANOTHER PART OF THE VALLEY — DAY 195
text: A black snake protruding about a foot out of a hole in
text: the sandy soil. ZORAN points, and is joined by JANUSZ
text: and VOSS. JANUSZ holds his hand up for them to go very
text: still. He speaks in a whisper.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: Knife.
text: VOSS passes him the deer-bone knife. With it, he splits
text: the end of his staff, to make a fork out of the end.
speaker_heading: ZORAN
dialog: What if it’s poisonous?
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: You can still eat it. Just cut
text: off its head.
text: He passes the knife to VOSS, then creeps toward the
text: creature, and striking quickly he attempts to trap the
text: snake in the fork. Too slow. The snake disappears into
dialog: its hole.
scene_heading: EXT. VALLEY - LATER - DAY 196
text: Like snake-fishermen, they sit waiting by the snake-hole
text: ~ ZORAN too, has a snake-catching stick. Then they see a
text: second snake, slithering across the rocks. At a signal
text: they strike, ZORAN deftly trapping the snake’s head in
text: the cleft stick.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPSITE, VALLEY - DAY 197
text: Chunks of whitish snake meat are cooking on a thin flat
text: stone over a fire of twigs and grass. The men grab
text: pieces of the snake and eat, nodding approval.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: It’s not bad.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 198
dialog: 199
scene_heading: Revised 2/25/09 (Pink) 103.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 197
text: JANUSZ helps SMITH sit up, feeding him a small piece of
text: meat. SMITH waves him away, sinking back to the ground
dialog: too tired to eat.
speaker_heading: VOSS
dialog: Kind of like chicken.
speaker_heading: ZORAN
dialog: Yeah, a long black poisonous
text: chicken with no legs.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: You know Valka talked of eating
dialog: each other? In Siberia?
speaker_heading: ZORAN
dialog: He did? Would you have eaten me?
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: Probably.
speaker_heading: ZORAN
dialog: I would never have eaten you — too
dialog: stringy and bitter, I’d rather eat
dialog: snake.
text: VOSS nearly chokes on something, reaches into his mouth,
text: pulls out a tooth.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: Scurvy.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 198
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPSITE — NIGHT 199
text: The fire burns low, VOSS and ZORAN sleep. SMITH wakes
text: from time to time and JANUSZ forces him to eat and drink.
text: SMITH is deathly pale, his life ebbing away. He speaks
text: in short, croaky stabs, every breath an effort.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: It can kill you, remember?
text: JANUSZ puzzled.
speaker_heading: SMITH (CONT'D)
dialog: ‘Kindness’. kK
text: JANUSZ tries to force more water on him but SMITH waives
text: him away.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURD)
dialog: 199
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 199
speaker_heading: SMITH (CONT’D)
dialog: How long can you survive on snakes
dialog: and mud? You should leave me, but
dialog: you can’t can you? You’re a fool.
dialog: I’d leave you.
text: He lays back down. JANUSZ studies his face, pain and
text: suffering etched in sharp lines.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: Mister?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: I mightn’t know your first name,
dialog: but I know your son’s name.
text: SMITH stares at him.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Irena told you.
text: JANUSZ nods.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: Can I say his name?
dialog: Nothing from SMITH.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ (CONT'D)
dialog: ‘David’.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Saying his name won’t bring him
dialog: back.
text: He struggles onto his elbow, staring intently at JANUSZ,
text: an ironic smile on his lips.
speaker_heading: SMITH (CONT'D)
dialog: You trying to give me the will to
dialog: live? That it? Stop me giving
dialog: up?
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: Are you giving up?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: In the camps, some saw death as
dialog: ‘freedom’.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: *
dialog: Revised 3/16/09 (Salmon) 105.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 199
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: So why didn’t you kill yourself?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Survival was a kind of protest.
text: JANUSZ makes him take a little water.
speaker_heading: SMITH (CONT'D)
dialog: Now being alive is my punishment.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: Punishment for what?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: I brought David to Russia didn’t
dialog: I?
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: And no-one can forgive you? And
dialog: you can’t forgive yourself?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Be easier if I had religion, or a
dialog: home to go back to, like you.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: For us, the old life is gone.
text: They sit in silence for a while.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Irena told me they tortured your
dialog: wife and she informed on you.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: They did that to my boy.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: (nods )
dialog: My wife was released, that much I
dialog: know. She lived, but like you she
dialog: won't be able to forgive herself.
dialog: Only I can do that.
text: He leans closer to SMITH, speaks just above a whisper,
text: his voice intense, his eyes burning.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ (CONT'D)
dialog: She’ll torture herself for what
dialog: she did. Just like you. That's
dialog: why I have to get back!
speaker_heading: (CONTTNURD 1}
dialog: 199
dialog: 200
dialog: 201
dialog: 202
dialog: 203
dialog: 205
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 199
text: This last, has impressed SMITH, and despite his death-
text: wish a flicker of life surges through his bones.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPSITE, MUD-FLAT — DAWN 200
text: Next morning, and the figures of the four men are seen in
text: wide-shot sleeping by the embers of their fire. One
text: figure gets up, picks up his staff, and begins to walk
text: slowly South, toward the distant mountains. It’s SMITH.
text: The others stir, their attention caught by the sight of
text: SMITH staggering onward. JANUSZ knows what the effort to
text: walk is costing him, and he knows this is SMITH’s gift to
text: him. They hurriedly pack up, VOSS cramming the back-pack
text: with roasted snake-meat, ZORAN collecting a last bowl of
text: water, which he pours carefully into their goatskin water-
dialog: bag.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT — DAY 201
text: JANUSZ catches up with SMITH, giving him his arm in
text: support, and together they slowly continue their journey
text: Southward.
scene_heading: EXT. CHANGING TERRAIN -— DAY 202
text: They leave the desert behind as they climb gently rising
dialog: ground.
scene_heading: RIVER, MONGOLIA - DAY 203
text: The survivors each seen alone as they experience the life-
dialog: giving water: one simply lets water run though his
text: fingers; another submerges himself entirely; one drinks,
text: savoring every mouthful as if it were the finest vintage
text: wine. SMITH fishes. Beside him several of his catch
text: gleam silver in the light.
speaker_heading: 204 — OMIT
scene_heading: EXT. HILLSIDE - DUSK/NIGHT 205
text: Walking abreast they head toward a pass between two
text: massive mountains - in the distance gleaming snow-capped
text: peaks rise even higher.
dialog: *
speaker_heading: tee + OF
dialog: *
dialog: 206
dialog: 207
dialog: 208
dialog: 209
dialog: 211
dialog: 107.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPSITE, MOUNTAINS —- DAWN 206
text: They sleep, huddled together amongst the stony rubble.
text: It is snowing. VOSS is the first to rise. He looks
text: about him in disbelief, shakes the others awake,
text: pointing. Just beyond where they’ve slept a high wall
text: towers above them. In this extreme Western section it’s
dialog: in poor shape ~ not built of stone, but of ancient mud
text: bricks, tumbled down in many places, but to the East the
text: outline is distinct as it straggles over ridges to the
dialog: horizon - the Great Wall of China.
scene_heading: EXT. THE GREAT WALL, CHINA — DAY 207
text: They enter through a keyhole-like opening formed by
text: collapsed masonry, now dressed in their cold weather
dialog: clothing.
scene_heading: EXT. SKY - DAY 208
text: From high above a series of aerial shots take us over a
text: massive snow covered mountain range.
scene_heading: EXT. SNOWY LANDSCAPE, TIBET -— DAY 209
text: The men climb steadily up snow-covered hills, pausing at
text: a cairn of stones covered with tiny flags.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Tibetan?
text: They move on with renewed energy.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRYSIDE, TIBET - DAY 210
text: CLOSE on the deeply lined face of a SHEPHERD. He wears
text: Tibetan costume and squints his eyes as he stares into
dialog: the distance.
text: From his P.O.V., four distant figures walking across the
text: snowy plain toward him. The sound of dogs barking.
scene_heading: EXT. A RIDGE NEAR THE SHEPHERD’S HUT - DUSK 211
text: Far below in a valley lies the legendary Lhasa - the
text: stepped palace and surrounding town burnished by the last
text: of the golden light. A sprinkling of lights come on as
text: the shadows lengthen.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 211
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 211
text: Above and beyond, like a massive wall, rise the snow-
text: capped peaks of the Himalayas. This has been the view
text: stretching out before the four fugitives and their tour-—
text: guide, the old shepherd. As if pointing out the choice
text: confronting them, he labels each of these spectacular
dialog: features.
speaker_heading: SHEPHERD
dialog: (pointing down)
dialog: Lhasa ... LHA-SA!
text: Then, indicating ‘over’ the mountains -
speaker_heading: SHEPHERD (CONT’D)
speaker_heading: IN-DI-A!
dialog: In dumb-show, he mimes that the mountains would be very
dialog: cold.
scene_heading: EXT. SHEPHERD’S HUT - NIGHT 212
text: Three horses arrive at the door of the lonely hut and its
text: associated outbuildings. THE SHEPHERD dismounts and with
text: much bowing opens the door for two other Tibetans who
text: follow. One is a LAMA, the other a local OFFICIAL. They
text: stoop as they enter - a glimpse inside to where the four
text: survivors sit at a table, surrounded by bowls and plates
dialog: of food.
scene_heading: INT. SHEPHERD’S HUT - NIGHT 213
text: The LAMA and the OFFICIAL sit opposite the group. Tea is
text: served. The official speaks English with difficulty, and
text: as in Mongolia, he addresses the elder of the group - MR.
speaker_heading: SMITH.
speaker_heading: OFFICIAL
dialog: India? Yes. There is the track
text: to Sikkim, over the mountains.
dialog: Many people go there.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: And food?
speaker_heading: OFFICIAL
dialog: Small villages there. They give
dialog: food. Wood for fire. Yes, but
dialog: you don’t go now.
text: CLOSE on JANUSZ, intensely following the conversation.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 213
dialog: 214
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 213
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: Why can’t we go now?
speaker_heading: OFFICIAL
dialog: If big snow come - very difficult.
dialog: You wait here until Spring. This
dialog: family keep you.
text: He confers with the LAMA.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
speaker_heading: (to SMITH)
dialog: That’s three months.
speaker_heading: OFFICIAL
dialog: (indicates the LAMA)
dialog: He go to Lhasa. Get permission
dialog: for to stay. Only to Spring. Not
dialog: possible foreigners stay Tibet.
text: SMITH bows his head, mutters thanks, all of the group
dialog: doing likewise.
scene_heading: INT. STABLES, SHEPHERD’S HUT -— NIGHT 214
text: THE SHEPHERD has seen JANUSZ, ZORAN and VOSS to their
text: quarters. He passes VOSS a battered oil-lamp and retires
text: with much bowing. They settle on the straw covered
text: floor, laying out their heavy wool fleeces and blankets
text: given to them by the shepherd’s wife.
speaker_heading: ZORAN
dialog: Well, we can’t cross in Winter.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: He said it was ‘difficult’.
text: SMITH comes in, and they make room for him in the cramped
dialog: space.
speaker_heading: ZORAN
dialog: I’m going to sleep ‘till Spring.
dialog: Like a bear ina cave. What about
dialog: you, Mister?
text: SMITH settles with his back to the wall, draws up his
text: sheepskin.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: I’m going to Lhasa.
text: The others are stunned by this.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 214
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 214
speaker_heading: SMITH (CONT’D)
dialog: The Lama has a contact - maybe get
dialog: me out through China. There’s a
dialog: U.S. military mission there.
text: They don’t like it. A feeling he’s deserting them,
text: breaking up the team.
speaker_heading: ZORAN
dialog: ‘Looking after number one.’ Isn’t
dialog: that what Americans say?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Zoran?
text: ZORAN eventually looks at him.
speaker_heading: SMITH (CONT’D)
dialog: We escaped. We made it.
text: VOSS blows out the lamp. Silvery moonlight from a small
dialog: window.
speaker_heading: ZORAN
dialog: He’‘s right. I just realized it.
dialog: Voss
dialog: Realized what?
speaker_heading: ZORAN
dialog: Apart from a few mountains, we’re
dialog: there. We made it.
dialog: Voss
dialog: Not all of us.
speaker_heading: ZORAN
dialog: No. Not all of us.
text: Their thoughts drift back to their lost companions.
speaker_heading: ZORAN (CONT’D)
dialog: What will you do, Mister? When
dialog: you get home.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: ‘Home’ ?
speaker_heading: ZORAN
dialog: Build metros?
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: Might drift for a while.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 214
dialog: lll.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 214
speaker_heading: ZORAN
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Haven’t you had enough of that?
text: CLOSE on JANUSZ, hardly listening, his thoughts
text: elsewhere. Their late-night conversation drifts over
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: VOSS
dialog: I will fight. First Germans, then
dialog: Russians.
speaker_heading: ZORAN
dialog: Then re-build your church?
dialog: Voss
dialog: I will die fighting.
text: This statement has an oddly prophetic sound. JANUSZ look
text: across at him.
speaker_heading: ZORAN
dialog: I’m going to get Tomasz’s pictures
dialog: to a newspaper, or get them
dialog: published somehow. Then I’m going
dialog: to cook his chicken - but with
dialog: extra salt just to annoy him.
text: Chuckles from the group.
speaker_heading: SMITH
dialog: And you, Janusz?
speaker_heading: VOSS (TO SMITH)
dialog: As long as the Communists are in
dialog: Poland, he can’t go back.
speaker_heading: ZORAN
dialog: They’d shoot you wouldn’t they,
dialog: Janusz?
text: They settle down to sleep, outside the wind is picking
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: JANUSZ
dialog: I’ll just keep on going. Until
dialog: it’s over. Keep on walking.
text: SMITH looks through the gloom to where JANUSZ sits -
text: moonlight slashes the side of his face, but he can’t
text: quite see his eyes.
text: CLOSE on JANUSZ. He’s wide awake. No thought of sleep.
dialog: 216
dialog: 217
dialog: 218
dialog: 219
speaker_heading: 220
dialog: 112.
speaker_heading: 215 - OMIT
scene_heading: INT. STABLES - DAWN 216
text: ZORAN and VOSS agitated at the discovery that JANUSZ has
text: gone. Much coming and going in and out of the hut,
text: checking that he isn’t somewhere close by. Only SMITH
text: remains undisturbed as he sits with his back against the
text: wall, the ghost of a smile on his lips. He expected
dialog: nothing less.
scene_heading: EXT. HIMALAYAS - DAY 217
text: Up ahead a figure, JANUSZ, dwarfed by the mountain chain,
text: struggles on, climbing toward the snow-capped passes.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHER PASS DAY 218
text: As he climbs he hears a cry, mingling with that of the
text: wind - a voice echoing about the mountains. He ignores
text: it for a few paces, before he looks back — far below two
text: figures waving and calling ~ VOSS and ZORAN.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAIN SLOPE/VALLEY, TIBET/INDIA — DAWN 219
dialog: The change from the barren mountains of Tibet, to the
text: lush green of Sikkim is abrupt and startling ~ from rocky
text: upper reaches the slope to the valley becomes rich in
text: scrubby birch-woods, rhododendrons, and deciduous forest,
text: until finally it becomes dense rain forest. It is with a
text: backdrop of this luxuriant green that Indian faces look
text: up toward the slopes. Here they watch three wild looking
text: bearded men descending toward them. The additional cost
text: of this final leg of their journey is plainly visible on
text: their faces, and in their slow stumbling movements. They
text: walk like automatons, only their senses fully alive.
text: Shouts from the locals produce a village ELDER, then a
text: POLICEMAN. Older children squeal with delight, while
text: some of the very young cry out in fear, one even bursting
dialog: into tears - are these the dreaded Yeti their
dialog: grandfathers told them lived up in the mountain peaks?
scene_heading: EXT. VALLEY PATH, INDIA — DAY 220
text: Close on JANUSZ, VOSS, and ZORAN as the beaming POLICEMAN
text: escorts them past dozens of smiling faces.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 220
dialog: 113.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 220
text: This being India, a small crowd of the curious rapidly
text: swells, until the path is lined two and three deep on
text: either side, like a welcoming crowd at the end of a
text: Marathon. Small children are held up for a better look,
text: while hands reach out patting their backs and shoulders -
dialog: it’s as if they know these men have achieved something
dialog: remarkable.
text: Close on JANUSZ, as amongst the sound of the gathering
text: crowd other voices join in, cheering voices, hundreds of
text: them, rising in volume until the cheering changes into
text: that of a chant, now seemingly swelled by thousands of
text: voices. Still CLOSE on JANUSZ walking as behind him the
text: Indian scene dissolves into a series of black and white
text: images. (Throughout, the image of JANUSZ walking is from
dialog: this scene in India).
scene_heading: - VICTORY IN EUROPE. CROWDS CELEBRATE IN TRAFALGAR
scene_heading: SQUARE...SUPER, ‘V.E. DAY, 1945’
text: JANUSZ walking.
scene_heading: - FIGHTING IN BUDAPEST, THE UPRISING AGAINST THE
scene_heading: COMMUNIST GOVERNMENT...SUPER, 'HUNGARIAN UPRISING, 1956’
text: JANUSZ walking.
scene_heading: ~ THE BERLIN WALL BEING BUILT, SOME ATTEMPT ESCAPE. A
text: MAN IS SHOT AS HE CLIMBS THE WALL...SUPER, ‘BERLIN WALL
dialog: 1961"
text: JANUSZ walking.
scene_heading: ~ RUSSIAN TANKS IN PRAGUE, CONFRONT
scene_heading: DEMONSTRATORS...SUPER, ‘PRAGUE UPRISING, 1968’
text: JANUSZ walking.
scene_heading: -LECH WALESA ADDRESSES STRIKING MINERS AT GDANSK
scene_heading: SHIPYARDS, POLAND...SUPER ‘SOLIDARITY MOVEMENT, POLAND,
dialog: 19807
text: JANUSZ walking.
text: - THE BERLIN WALL COMING DOWN. SHOUTS AND CHEERS FROM
text: THE ECSTATIC CROWD ON BOTH SIDES...SUPER ‘BERLIN WALL
speaker_heading: COMES DOWN, 19897
text: JANUSZ walking.
scene_heading: - CROWDS IN WARSAW CELEBRATE THEIR FREEDOM...SUPER,
speaker_heading: ‘POLAND FREE, 19897
text: JANUSZ walking.
dialog: 222
scene_heading: Revised 2/10/09 (Blue) 114.
scene_heading: EXT. A HOUSE, POLAND - DAY 221
text: The camera moves toward a gate in a hedge. The click of
text: the latch as it opens. A downward view of the
text: flagstones. The front door, the camera pans left. The
text: loose brick. A hand into frame removes a key from behind
text: the brick. Into the lock of the door, the door pushed
dialog: open.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE, POLAND - DAY 222
text: A WOMAN sitting by a window. She’s in her early
text: seventies, and she looks up expectantly on hearing the
text: door closing in the hallway. At the entrance to the room
text: appears a young man in Polish cavalry uniform - YOUNG
text: JANUSZ, as he was just before the war. He smiles at his
text: wife. Cut back to the seat by the window to see his
dialog: pretty YOUNG WIFE, as she was back in 1939. YOUNG
text: JANUSZ, smiling broadly, crosses toward her. Cut back to
text: his WIFE of 1989 - on her face there are lines of
text: suffering which fade as she smiles up at him. She’s
text: waited a long time for him to come home. On JANUSZ now
text: as he sits opposite her, and for the first time we see
text: him as he is in 1989 - also in his early seventies.
text: Without a word he reaches across the table and takes her
text: hand in his.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
dialog: 
