speaker_heading: MIDDLE MEN
dialog: by
dialog: George Gallo and Andy Weiss
speaker_heading: Oxymoron Entertainment
dialog: Blue Star Entertainment
dialog: 9.9.08
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
text: Over the logo, we hear the sound of rain and thunder.
text: Trouble is already brewing...
scene_heading: INT. — JACK'S HOUSTON HOUSE - NIGHT
text: A lightning flash reveals the haggard, worried face of
text: our hero, JACK HARRIS. In his early forties. His house is
text: filled with expensive art, perfectly appointed furniture,
text: and high ceilings. A fireplace rages, making the room
text: dance with light. We almost feel as if we’re in hell.
text: DIANA, his estranged wife, a beautiful woman, clutches a
text: towel. She’s been crying buckets. Her eyes are red and
text: swollen. She holds her son ADAM, about seven, close, in a
text: protective way. It’s as if Jack is a stalking animal that
dialog: could do them both harm.
text: Lightning flashes again. Jack stands in front of a DUFFLE
text: BAG. It is filled with PACKETS OF MONEY. Hundreds and
text: hundreds of thousands. Or is it millions? He closes the
text: bag and locks it. He looks at Diana and tries to
text: communicate from a place deep inside.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I’m gonna get him back Diana.
text: She doesn’t answer. She stares with contempt and rage. As
text: Jack begins to head out of the house...
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: I had several million dollars in a duffle
dialog: bag and had to go and see a bunch of low
dialog: life Russian mobsters, who would most
dialog: likely cut my throat, take the money, and
dialog: kill a kid they think is my son for
dialog: sport.
scene_heading: EXT. - JACK’S HOUSTON HOUSE - NIGHT
text: It's just as beautiful as the inside, surrounded by a
text: private gate. Jack runs through the rain towards his
text: Mercedes with the DUFFLE BAG.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: It doesn’t get any more fucked up than
dialog: this. I was dealing with the kind of
dialog: savages who’d beat their mothers to death
dialog: for a ham sandwich. So, I didn’t place my
dialog: odds as very good for seeing the sun come
dialog: up.
text: Jack starts his car and begins pulling out of the
text: driveway as the gate opens up.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: And why? Because of what I had a hand in
dialog: creating. No, I didn’t cure AIDS or
dialog: cancer. And I didn’t figure out a way to
dialog: stop war or end world hunger. But I did
dialog: end up making a lot more money than if
dialog: I'd done any of those great and lasting
dialog: things that would change the world for
dialog: the better.
scene_heading: INT. — JACK'S MERCEDES - NIGHT
text: Jack tries to light a cigarette. His hands shake so
dialog: badly, he can hardly do it.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: I had a hand in creating the greatest
dialog: invention of our time. I inadvertently
dialog: changed the world. My name is Jack
dialog: Harris, and I figured out a better way
dialog: for guys to jerk off.
text: Montage of shots through history.
dialog: Pornographic sex, masturbation...dating back to caves
dialog: through the Kama Sutra.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Men have been jerking off since the
dialog: beginning of time. I mean, it’s no
dialog: fucking secret.
text: 1950's. A young boy masturbating to beauties on the
text: Milton Berle show, Betty Page, etc. His mother walks in
text: and begins screaming at him.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Why is this mother yelling at her kid?
dialog: She should know better. Men are always
dialog: thinking about sex. About every ten
dialog: seconds some sick, perverted, degenerate
text: thought goes through a man’s mind.
dialog: Through the 60’s, 70’s and 80’s. Different porn styles,
text: women with big hairy bush, John Holmes style guys, mullet
text: beefcakes posing with porno babes.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.) (CONT'D)
text: From the very moment a man figures out
dialog: his hand can reach his dick, he’s
dialog: figuring out a new way to pull on it.
text: A skateboard kid locks his door, pops in a VHS cassette.
text: Then through the 90’s, hardcore porn on A DVD. Stay on
text: the TV, a US Senator now gives a speech on how he’s going
text: to clean up the world. Later, in his hotel room, he jerks
text: it furiously while wearing women’s underwear.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: This should come as no big fucking
dialog: surprise. Every guy, gay or straight,
dialog: prince or pauper, kings, presidents,
dialog: heads of state, every last one of them is
text: sneaking off somewhere and whacking it.
text: A GOTH kid ties a rope around his neck, jacking off. He
text: finishes, his feet can’t quite make it back to the chair.
text: He’s choking, and it’s clear he’s not going to make it.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Look at this poor fucker. His
dialog: inventiveness will be the thing that does
dialog: him in. It’s been a preoccupation of men
dialog: since God knows when. Still don’t believe
dialog: me? Well, look at this.
text: A space shuttle is launched.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: This is the space shuttle. It costs four
dialog: hundred and fifty million dollars every
dialog: time it’s launched by Uncle Sam and your
dialog: tax dollars. Guess what’s on it?
text: In space, we see a satellite released into orbit.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: A billion dollar satellite. And why do
dialog: you think they’re launching that thing?
dialog: It’s all part of the Internet. But if you
dialog: think that thing has anything to do with
dialog: helping your kids learn, daddy reading
dialog: stats on Tiger Woods, or Mommy and
dialog: Grandma learning how to bake the perfect
dialog: chocolate cake, then you’re out of your
dialog: fucking mind. Just follow the money. The
dialog: porn industry takes in fifty seven
dialog: billion dollars a year worldwide. With no
dialog: one ever admitting that they watch...
text: We see a farmhouse right out of an Andrew Wyeth painting.
text: A farmer, done from plowing his field, heads merrily up
text: the stairs into his house.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: This is going on every second of every
dialog: day all over the world.
text: Inside the house, his wife, right out of a Norman
text: Rockwell painting, is baking an apple pie. Two angelic
text: kids beam when the pie is placed on the table to cool
dialog: off.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Millions and millions and millions of
text: horny, frustrated guys, escaping into
dialog: porn dream land.
text: In the other room, the farmer has a laptop computer
dialog: running wireless Internet. We PAN to the modem/port,
text: which creates a laser beam...we follow it up out of the
text: house into space where the laser bounces off the
text: satellite and comes shooting back down to earth.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s a land of women, gorgeous women, who
dialog: don’t know the meaning of the word “no”.
text: It shoots off another giant satellite dish and fires back
text: out hundreds of miles into a cable compound which shoots
text: the beam, from miles away, back into the modem/port...AND
dialog: THEN...
text: The farmer, sitting in front of his computer, undoes his
text: overalls. A porn scene plays on his laptop...He smiles
text: wide-eyed...
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Pure Americana...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. — JACK'S MERCEDES - NIGHT
text: Back to the present. Jack tries to light another
text: cigarette, his hand is now shaking even worse. He drops
text: the lighter. Jack yanks the wheel hard.
scene_heading: EXT. -— ROAD SIDE - NIGHT
text: The car screeches over to the side of the road. Jack puts
text: the car in park as the rain pours down.
text: He checks the time on the clock... 11:59...He takes a
text: deep breath...the clock on the dash turns to midnight.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: And no matter how many times I roll this
text: over in my head, I keep asking myself the
dialog: same question; How the fuck did I let
dialog: things go this far?
scene_heading: CUT TO BLACK:
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. — CHURCH LAWN - DAY
speaker_heading: IMPOSE LEGEND: 1985
text: A church picnic. Crowds. Everything is right in white
text: America. Kids, parents, balloons. An endless spread of
text: food on picnic tables.
text: The camera cranes down over the scene and finds a younger
text: Jack. He’s holding two plates of fried chicken, mashed
text: potatoes, corn. He’s dressed a lot less stylishly than
text: the older version of him.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: Back then things seemed so simple.
text: He heads over to a younger Diana. She turns, beaming.
text: They are very much in love. They kiss and sit at the end
text: of a picnic table, away from the crowds. Jack takes a
text: bite of chicken.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: I can always tell your fried chicken from
dialog: someone else’s.
text: They both eat.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Is that right?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Yeah. What’s your secret?
speaker_heading: DIANA
text: A chef doesn’t divulge her secrets.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: It's not like I’m a stranger.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: You marry me, I’1l tell you.
text: He smiles for a minute, puts down his food, gets up from
text: sitting and kneels in front of her. He takes her hand.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Diana, will you marry me?
text: She smiles from somewhere deep inside.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Pepper.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Pepper.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Pepper? That’s it?
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Sorry you signed your life away?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: God no!
text: He kisses her, gently. They fall into each others arms.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: I was one of those guys living in a
text: Norman Rockwell painting. And looking
dialog: back, I had no idea how happy I really
dialog: Was...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. - SKY - LATE AFTERNOON
text: We think we are in heaven. The clouds part to reveal Los
dialog: Angeles.
dialog: 10
dialog: 11
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
text: Now across the gulf of space, on another
dialog: planet called Los Angeles, California, my
dialog: fate was already being sealed...
scene_heading: IMPOSE LEGEND: 1997 - LOS ANGELES
scene_heading: EXT. — VAN NUY’S APARTMENT COMPLEX - NIGHT
text: It’s a run-down shit hole. We hear gunshots firing in the
dialog: distance.
scene_heading: INT. - VAN NUY’S APARTMENT, LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: BUCK COLBY sleeps in a beat up recliner. He’s in his
dialog: twenties and from the South. If it’s conceivable, he’s
dialog: smarter than his roommate...
scene_heading: INT. - VAN NUY’S APARTMENT, BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: WAYNE BEER is coked to the gills and is playing with his
text: computer. He is clearly frustrated. He gets up and heads
dialog: for the living room.
scene_heading: INT. - VAN NUY’S APARTMENT, LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Wayne enters. He looks at Buck, as he sleeps.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: How can you sleep in a chair?
text: Buck waking up.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: How can you sleep in a fucking chair?
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: You mean, how can I sleep with all this
dialog: noise, don’t you?
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: You know there’s nothing to jerk to on
dialog: the fucking Internet.
dialog: 10
dialog: 11
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: So watch a DVD you degenerate.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: I’m a degenerate? You bought all these
dialog: DVD's and I’m a degenerate?
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: You watched them all a hundred times.
dialog: That’s why you need new shit. Yeah,
dialog: you're a fucking degenerate.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Fuck you. Don’t get all high and mighty
dialog: with me.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Fuck me? Stop doing all this coke and
dialog: smoking all these fucking cigarettes! I
dialog: got to go to work in the morning and I
dialog: can’t sleep choking on all this smoke.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: You smoke, you fucking asshole!
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Not when I’m sleeping! And clean this
dialog: place up. It’s like living in a toxic
dialog: waste dump!
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Wow. Lucky me. I get to live with Martha
dialog: fucking Stewart.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: If I was Martha fucking Stewart you would
dialog: be jerking off in front of me all fucking
dialog: day, you fucking loser!
text: Wayne raises his fist.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Don’t call me a loser.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Don’t square off with me! I’1l kick your
dialog: ass around this apartment for drill.
text: Wayne keeps waving his fist.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Take it back!
dialog: 12
dialog: 13
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: No. I’m not taking anything back, loser.
text: Wayne dives on Buck. The two of them crash to the floor
text: and begin swinging at each other. Real fists are being
text: thrown. As they hold each other in duel choke holds, both
text: of them turning red, we freeze frame.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: What these two idiots don’t know, is that
dialog: they’re less than a year away from being
dialog: worth millions and millions of dollars,
dialog: and turning the Internet into what it is
dialog: today. Ain’t America great?
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: Maybe I should go back even further.
scene_heading: EXT. - LAX RUNWAY - DAY 12
scene_heading: IMPOSE LEGEND: BACK EVEN FURTHER
text: CORKSCREW PAN of a 757 landing. The wheels touch down.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: Buck had gotten to LA only two months
dialog: before. He had this crazy notion about
dialog: moving out to Los Angeles and getting an
dialog: honest job. He had problems with the
dialog: honest job part before.
scene_heading: INT. —- WAYNE’S CHEVY NOVA - DAY 13
text: Wayne and Buck are leaving the airport, sitting in
text: traffic. The car is littered with fast food boxes and
dialog: soda cans.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: How do you live with this kind of traffic
dialog: everyday?
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: I don’t go out all that much.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Don’t you have a job?
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: I've been collecting disability, but it
dialog: runs out in a few months.
dialog: 14
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Disability for what?
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: I fell. Told the fuckers I was going to
dialog: sue.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Then what are you gonna do?
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Fuck if I know. But I feel like I’m on
text: the verge of something.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Yeah, me too, dude. No, I’m serious. I
text: feel like I’m on the verge of something.
dialog: I got all these ideas. Dude, these ideas,
dialog: they just come rushing at me! Idea, after
dialog: idea, after idea! It’s like a waterfall
dialog: you know!
speaker_heading: WAYNE
text: A cascade...
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Yeah man, a cascade!
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: Like I said, they’re morons, right? Well
dialog: that’s not entirely true...
scene_heading: IMPOSE LEGEND: NASA, HOUSTON
scene_heading: INT. —- NASA HALLWAY - DAY 14
text: TWO SECURITY GUARDS move quickly down a hallway with
dialog: purpose.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: Believe it or not, Buck Colby was some
dialog: kind of big shot rocket scientist at NASA
text: at the age of 22. He apparently has an IQ
dialog: of 187, although you’d never know it
dialog: talking to the guy...
text: The security guards turn the corner and enter another
dialog: room.
dialog: 15
dialog: 16
dialog: 17
dialog: 11.
scene_heading: INT. - OUTER CHAMBER OF “NO-GRAVITY ROOM” - DAY 15
text: The security guards move quickly across the room and over
text: to a window that looks inside a wind tunnel.
text: Buck is coked out of his mind, complete with a bloody
text: nose, that flows all over his shirt. He is floating in
text: thin air in 200 mph headwinds.
text: The guards stare incredulously.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: Buck’s favorite thing in the world to do,
dialog: was spending weekends at NASA, getting
text: coked to the gills and floating in space.
text: The security guards throw a switch. Buck crashes to the
text: floor instantly.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Needless to say, he got fired.
scene_heading: INT. —- VETERINARY CLINIC, EXAMINATION ROOM - DAY 16
text: ANGLE ON a WOMAN holding a small dog who is happily
text: barking and wagging his tail.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: From what I understand, Wayne was a
dialog: terrific Veterinarian. He even taught
dialog: some classes.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Are you sure you’re going to have to
dialog: operate? He looks perfectly fine.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Hey lady, who’s the doctor here, you or
dialog: me?
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: The only problem was that he started
dialog: performing unnecessary surgeries ensure a
text: steady supply of canine barbiturates.
scene_heading: INT. - VETERINARY CLINIC, WAYNE’S OFFICE - DAY 17
text: Wayne sits at his desk. He holds a pill bottle up to his
text: lips, tilting the contents back into his mouth.
dialog: 18
dialog: 12.
text: His door opens. Wayne freezes, bottle at his lips. One of
text: the other vets stares back at him.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: That pretty much ended Wayne’s career as
dialog: a veterinarian.
scene_heading: INT. - JACK'S MODEST HOUSTON HOUSE, KITCHEN - DAY 18
text: Jack and Diana are in a different house. Smaller, quaint,
text: not the palace we saw them in earlier. Diana hangs up the
text: phone. She’s just gotten bad news. Jack sits at the
text: kitchen table. He’s doing their bills, credit card
text: payments stacked high.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: Meanwhile, I find out that a friend of
dialog: mine who owned a night club out in LA had
text: a heart attack.
text: Diana is explaining the same information.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Is he gonna be alright?
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Yeah, but he can’t work for a while.
dialog: Susan called and wanted to know if you'd
dialog: go out to LA for a few weeks and help
dialog: straighten out his business. I talked to
dialog: their lawyer out there, a guy named Jerry
dialog: Haggerty. He says the place could be a
dialog: gold mine, but if you don’t get out there
text: and help now, Susan says they are going
dialog: to lose everything.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: The last thing I wanted to do was leave
dialog: my family. I was happy in Houston. I was
dialog: broke, but at least I was happy...
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Honey, I don’t want to run a night club.
dialog: The place is probably a mess. It’1l take
dialog: a lot more than a couple of weeks to
dialog: straighten it out.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Jack, you're good at fixing messes.
dialog: That’s what you do.
dialog: 19
dialog: 20
dialog: 21
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: She was right. If I had one talent, it
dialog: was fixing shit,shit that nobody thought
dialog: could be fixed.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. -— CHICAGO - DAY 19
text: Establishing shot.
scene_heading: IMPOSE LEGEND: CHICAGO - 1985
scene_heading: EXT. - IRISH BAR - DAY 20
text: A Cadillac is parked outside an Irish Bar.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: When I was eighteen I was working for one
dialog: of my Dad's buddies who owned a
dialog: construction company in Chicago. There
dialog: was a lot of money floating around, but
dialog: even with as much money as there was,
dialog: there were always problems.
scene_heading: INT. - CAR - DAY 21
text: We see an eighteen year old Jack sitting in the car with
text: a silver haired wise guy named JOHNNY LA LA, who seems
text: surprisingly calm.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Now let’s go knee cap this Irish fuck and
dialog: get something to eat.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Knee cap?
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Yeah, knee cap. You take a bat, bing
dialog: bang, he’s crippled, and he wises up real
dialog: quick.
text: Jack gulps hard.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Why exactly are we doing this?
dialog: 14.
text: Johnny gives him an odd look.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: What do you need, a fucking road map,
dialog: kid? This guy owes me thirty six grand!
dialog: Let’s hurry up and do this.
speaker_heading: JACK (STALLING)
dialog: Do you know why he can’t pay, help me
dialog: understand? I don’t understand.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: How the fuck should I know? He owes, end
dialog: of story! What the fuck kid?
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: Most people would have just done what
dialog: they were told. But it just didn’t sit
dialog: well with me.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: I mean what if you just talked to the guy
dialog: and found out what happened. Something
dialog: had to happen or this guy would be able
dialog: to pay, right? If you just talked to the
dialog: guy......
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Kid, I’m done talking to this prick!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Ok, ok, I’m sorry, I just thought maybe
dialog: there was a way where you can get your
dialog: money, which is what you want, right.
text: Johnny is quiet for a moment, confused. Then a smile
text: comes to his face.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Kid, you think too much.
dialog: (To Driver)
dialog: This fuckin’ kid.
dialog: (Back to Jack)
dialog: Alright. Hurry up before I change my
dialog: mind.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What?
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: You got two minutes kid to go in there
dialog: and get me my money, after that,
text: somebody's knee caps are gettin’ broke.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Me? Hold on...
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: You take your best shot. This is how you
dialog: learn.
text: Jack gets out of the car and heads for the bar.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: I knew I had two minutes to get Johnny
dialog: what he wanted and stop something bad
dialog: from happening. I knew something else
dialog: too, I did not want to be a part of what
dialog: Johnny was capable of.
scene_heading: INT. - IRISH BAR - DAY 22
text: Jack sits opposite MORGAN, who taps his leg incessantly,
text: a nervous wreck.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Look kid, I got problems too. I got kids,
dialog: I got a wife in the hospital, which isn’t
dialog: that bad considering she cheats on me
dialog: every fucking week, my house is about to
dialog: be foreclosed, my oldest son is a smack
dialog: addict, the last two projects I built got
dialog: me so jammed up I had to go to Johnny,
dialog: which is the last fuckin thing I ever
dialog: wanted to do, now I am sittin here
dialog: waiting to go to the fucking hospital
dialog: myself because of what? Because I owe?
dialog: I mean I didn’t steal...
text: Jack glances at his watch.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Stop. Let's focus on why we're here. You
dialog: obviously borrowed this money and you had
dialog: to have a plan on how you were going to
dialog: pay it back. Tell me what went wrong and
dialog: maybe I can figure a way out of this.
dialog: 23
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: If I had the fucking building permit I
dialog: could get to work and I'd be able pay him
dialog: by the end of the day...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: And how’s that?
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: I can borrow the money in ten seconds if
dialog: I have the permit. I don’t have the
dialog: permit.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: A building permit?
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Yes, a building permit.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Stay here. Don’t move.
text: Jack glances at his watch and gets up.
scene_heading: EXT. -— IRISH BAR - DAY 23
text: Jack leaves the bar. Johnny closes the trunk, a
text: Louisville slugger in his hand.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Batter up!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Hold on Johnny. You have friends downtown
dialog: right?
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: I got friends all over the place.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: He says he needs a building permit, then
dialog: he can pay you by the end of the day.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: He wants me to do what? What do I look
dialog: like, a permiteer?!?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Johnny, do you want the money, or do you
dialog: want to break his legs?
dialog: 24
dialog: 25
dialog: 26
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (contemplating)
dialog: I'm in a quandary...
text: Johnny smiles and pats Jack on the side of the face.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY (CONT'D)
dialog: You're alright kid. Maybe you should come
dialog: by the house sometime, maybe talk to my
dialog: wife.
scene_heading: RESUME INT. - JACK’S HOUSTON HOUSE, KITCHEN - DAY 24
text: Jack sits opposite Diana.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Alright. I guess I’ll go to L.A. The
dialog: money wouldn’t hurt.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. - BUCK’S OFFICE - DAY 25
speaker_heading: OVERHEAD SHOT
text: Cubicle after cubicle. It’s worse than any jail cell.
text: Buck sits in his. It’s all over his face. He’s tortured.
text: He opens and closes a ZIPPO lighter over and over,
text: staring out at his co workers.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: Now about the same time, Buck got some
dialog: shit job in Los Angeles. The nine to
dialog: five scene just wasn’t for him...
text: Buck’s SUPERVISOR stares at him, not digging his work
dialog: ethic.
scene_heading: INT. —- VAN NUY’S APARTMENT, LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 26
text: Buck is on the recliner, under a blanket, and Wayne is
text: sitting on the couch, playing with his computer.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: What good is this stupid Internet for? I
dialog: mean, if you could see some hot porn,
dialog: maybe it would be worthwhile. I mean, am
dialog: I right?
text: Buck is trying to watch Jay Leno.
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Yeah, I guess...
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: No. I mean, I’m right, right? Look at
dialog: this shit.
speaker_heading: INSERT COMPUTER
text: We see lame low resolution pictures of horny housewives
dialog: and trailer park babes.
scene_heading: RESUME LIVING ROOM
speaker_heading: WAYNE (CONT'D)
dialog: This is all lame shit. There’s no
dialog: variety. There’s nothing new. What if
dialog: this shit were good? Right? Are you with
dialog: me?
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: No. What’s your point?
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: If we took pictures from magazines and
dialog: put them up there, I bet we could make
dialog: some money, right?
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Oh, sure. You’1l get rich.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Really? Am I right?
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: No. Maybe you'd get chump change from a
dialog: few degenerates, but you’d be lucky to
dialog: get that.
text: Wayne rubs his face.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Yeah, I know. And what would you do?
dialog: Write a check? There’s like a stumbling
dialog: block in my master plan.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: How about credit cards?
text: Wayne jumps to his feet.
dialog: 27
dialog: 28
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Credit cards! That’s it, bro! Credit
dialog: cards! You're like a fucking genius!
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Sit down. Who'd give you their credit
dialog: card number?
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Fuck, I’m doing this. You laugh, but
dialog: watch what happens.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: - VAN NUY’S APARTMENT, LIVING ROOM - DAY 27
text: The next afternoon. The site is up. It’s called “Porno
text: Junkies”. Their logo is up all the time as a screensaver.
text: Buck stares at it, eating a slice of pizza.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: I hooked up a buzzer. Every time we make
dialog: a sale, the buzzer will go off. See? You
dialog: ain’t the only one with ideas.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: What’d you charge for this?
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Ten bucks.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: No, no. Do nine ninety nine a month, like
dialog: a magazine.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Yeah, like a fucking magazine. Right?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: - VAN NUY’S APARTMENT, BEDROOM - NIGHT 28
dialog: A few nights later.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: So, three or four days go by without a
dialog: single buzzer. My guess is they almost
dialog: forgot they even bothered to do this. And
dialog: then...
dialog: 29
dialog: 30
dialog: 20.
text: We hear a buzzer. Wayne sits up, rubbing his eyes. He
text: looks at the clock. It’s four fifteen in the morning. He
text: stumbles out of bed and heads over to the computer. Buck
text: walks into the bedroom.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Did I hear right?
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Yeah. We just made nine ninety nine.
text: A GRAPH APPEARS AT THE BOTTOM OF THE SCREEN. It clearly
dialog: reads nine ninety nine. This graph will remain through
text: the next bunch of scenes, ticking off the money as it
text: comes in.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: At four fifteen in the morning? This
dialog: guy’s got to be a pervert just like you.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: You don’t know that. It might be some
dialog: guy’s morning jerk back on the east
dialog: coast, or in Europe, or some fucking
dialog: place where it’s night. It’s the world
dialog: wide web dumbass. This guy could be
dialog: anywhere.
scene_heading: INT. - VAN NUY’S APARTMENT, KITCHEN - MORNING 29
text: Buck is making coffee, getting ready for work. He hears
text: the buzzer. Followed closely by another buzzer. And then,
text: the buzzing just seems to keep on going.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Are you fucking around with that thing?
text: Wayne comes out of the bedroom.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: No. Those are subscribers, man. We’re
dialog: gettin’ rich!
text: The graph at the bottom of the screen continues to grow.
text: It’s already in the hundreds of dollars.
scene_heading: INT. - BUCK’S OFFICE - DAY 30
text: Buck is on the phone. He can hear the buzzer going off.
dialog: 31
dialog: 32
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: How much are we up to?
scene_heading: INT. —- VAN NUY’S APARTMENT, LIVING ROOM - DAY 31
scene_heading: INTERCUT AS NEEDED
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Dude, we crossed the two thousand dollar
dialog: mark about half an hour ago.
scene_heading: INT. —- VAN NUY’S APARTMENT, LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 32
text: The buzzer hasn't stopped. Buck is tinkering with the
dialog: computer.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: I've got this set up so that we can tell
dialog: what pics we’re selling based on the
text: sound. The buzzer is the trailer trash
text: stuff. The chime is over forty. The
dialog: whistle is all the big titty stuff. And
dialog: the bell is the ass fucking housewives.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Why a whistle?
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: What’d you mean?
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Why a whistle for the big titty stuff?
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: I don’t know, I just thought that, when
dialog: you see a chick with big tits, you
dialog: whistle.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Dude, that’s stupid. It should be bells
dialog: for the big titty stuff. Tits are like
dialog: bells.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Tits are like bells? Since when?
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Just change it.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: No, I’m not gonna change it.
dialog: 33
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Change it! The tits should be bells!
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: And what? The ass fucking housewives are
dialog: like whistles?
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Yeah, what's wrong with that?
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Cause that’s stupid!
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: It’s not stupid. When you put your dick
dialog: in a chick's ass...
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: What? She what? She whistles?!?
text: Wayne lunges at Buck and they begin wrestling on the
dialog: floor.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
text: Idiots. Grown men rolling around on the
text: floor, fighting, over bells and whistles,
dialog: like children. Me? I never had the
dialog: luxury of being so childish.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. -— HOUSTON HOSPITAL ROOM - DAY 33
speaker_heading: IMPOSE LEGEND: 1975
text: The sounds of BUCK and WAYNE’s bells and whistles morph
text: into the sounds of hospital equipment beeps.
speaker_heading: JACK'S FATHER (0.S.)
dialog: Hey Jack? Jackie?
text: A YOUNG JACK is now fifteen years old. His father is ina
text: hospital bed, smoking. JACK sits at the side of the bed.
text: JACK'S FATHER runs his fingers through Jack's hair.
speaker_heading: JACK'S FATHER (CONT’D)
dialog: Pay attention.
text: Young Jack nods.
dialog: 34
dialog: 35
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: JACK'S FATHER (CONT’D)
dialog: You're the oldest. You're gonna have to
dialog: go to work. Even if I make it through
dialog: this, I'm gonna be out of commission for
dialog: a while. You gotta watch the business.
dialog: Things are tough right now.
speaker_heading: YOUNG JACK
dialog: What about school?
speaker_heading: JACK'S FATHER
dialog: The hell with school. Everybody reads the
dialog: same books, they all know the same shit.
dialog: It’s like a rubber stamp. Graduated,
dialog: graduated, graduated. It doesn’t mean
dialog: shit. If it did, everybody would end up
dialog: rich. You need to work. That's what a man
dialog: does. He works...he provides...you got me
dialog: Jackie?
speaker_heading: YOUNG JACK
dialog: Yeah Dad.
speaker_heading: JACK'S FATHER
dialog: One other thing. My pistol is in that
dialog: drawer. If that surgeon comes out and
dialog: tells you I died, I want you to kill him.
text: Young Jack can’t tell if he’s joking or not.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: So I went to work. My life has always
dialog: been a contradiction. Prep school to
dialog: working for a wise guy. Church picnics to
dialog: night clubs. But somehow it worked out.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE BACK TO:
scene_heading: INT. - GEORGE BUSH INTERCONTINENTAL AIRPORT - DAY 34
text: Jack sits waiting for his flight to Los Angeles, deep in
text: thought. The announcer calls for Jack’s flight. He grabs
text: his carry on and gets up.
scene_heading: INT. - VAN NUY’S APARTMENT, LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 35
text: Buck comes out of his bedroom. He can’t sleep. It’s a
text: cacophony of bells, buzzers, whistles and chimes. The
text: sound that rings with most frequency is the bell.
dialog: 36
dialog: 24.
text: The counter at the bottom of the screen is now over five
dialog: thousand dollars.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Wayne!
text: Wayne emerges from his bedroom.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: (re: bell)
dialog: Seems like ass fucking housewives is a
dialog: big hit.
text: Buck pulls the plug.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: I can’t sleep with all this noise.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Oh, I can sleep just fine. It’s like a
dialog: fucking lullaby.
scene_heading: INT. - VAN NUY’S APARTMENT —- MORNING 36
text: Buck looks exhausted with dark circles under his eyes. He
text: sits in the kitchen and sips coffee. Wayne lies on the
text: sofa in the adjacent living room.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Dude. We’re over the seven thousand
dialog: dollar mark.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Are you shittin’ me?
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: No. But I’m getting complaints that we
dialog: need new content.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: So, go buy some more magazines.
text: Wayne gets up off the sofa and comes over to Buck.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: We got to come up with some fresh stuff.
dialog: Stuff of our own.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: How do you plan on doing that?
dialog: 37
dialog: 38
dialog: 25.
scene_heading: EXT. - STRIP CLUB - NIGHT 37
text: Establishing shot of the club on the Sunset Strip.
scene_heading: INT. - STRIP CLUB - NIGHT 38
text: One six foot Russian beauty after another dances naked on
text: stage amongst cat calls, smoke, and blasting music. Buck
text: and Wayne enter the club and are stopped by an enormous
dialog: Russian bouncer.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: We want to talk to whoever runs this
dialog: place.
text: The Russian stares.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: You speak English?
text: The Russian stares.
speaker_heading: WAYNE (CONT'D)
dialog: Sprechen zie English?
text: The Russian continues to stare, clearly thinking that
dialog: these two are idiots.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Bring out the kingpin. We’ve got a
dialog: proposition for him.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Or we can do this stupid little stare
dialog: down thing and your boss doesn’t get a
dialog: chance to make a shitload of money.
text: The Russian continues to stare.
text: FREEZE FRAME: on Buck and Wayne.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: Now what these two idiots didn’t know is
dialog: that Nikita Sokoloff, the head of the
dialog: entire west coast Russian mob, owned the
dialog: joint. And they were about to get more
dialog: than they bargained for...
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
dialog: 39
dialog: 26.
scene_heading: INT. — NIKITA SOKOLOFF’S OFFICE - NIGHT 39
text: It's a large plush office loaded with pictures of naked
text: women. The Russian bouncers use Buck and Wayne’s heads to
text: open the door. They both yelp as they are tossed to the
text: carpet. NIKITA SOKOLOFF stands in front of them. He has a
text: thick Russian accent and is very hard to understand.
text: Especially when he’s angry, which he seems to be right
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: NIKITA
dialog: Who the fuck, are you to come, into my
dialog: place, and talk this kind of shit?!?
text: Buck and Wayne, both on all fours, eyeball each other.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Oh, hey, we didn’t mean anything by it.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: What you need to do is chill out and
dialog: listen hombre.
text: NIKITA TAKES OUT A GUN and points it to Wayne’s head.
speaker_heading: NIKITA
dialog: I chill out and put bullet in your brain.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Oh God, please! We really have good
dialog: intentions sir.
speaker_heading: NIKITA
dialog: Why are you here?
speaker_heading: WAYNE (SPITS OUT)
dialog: To take pictures of your girls naked and
text: stuffing dildos in each others asses and
dialog: put them on the Internet, sell them all
dialog: over the world and then split the money
dialog: with you.
text: NIKITA stops, lowers his gun and thinks on this.
speaker_heading: NIKITA
dialog: Why you no just say this?
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: He told you we had good intentions.
dialog: 40
dialog: 4l
dialog: 27.
scene_heading: INT. - STRIP CLUB - NIGHT 40
text: THE CAMERA moves past all the strippers dancing and up to
text: a booth in the back where Nikita, Buck and Wayne all seem
text: to be best friends. They are wedged in between other
text: strippers and a few of the Russian bouncers.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: Within ten minutes these idiots thought
dialog: they were best friends with the Russian
dialog: mob, and agreed to strike a deal to split
dialog: everything down the middle for the life
dialog: of their new partnership. Only these guys
dialog: didn’t quite understand the nuances of
dialog: being partners with the Russian Mob.
text: The boys shake hands with Nikita and the rest of the
text: Russians. They all raise their glasses in a toast. Wayne
text: turns to the nearly naked Ukrainian dancer sitting at his
dialog: side.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: So, do you live around here?
scene_heading: INT. - STRIP CLUB - DAY 41
text: It's the next day. We see one naked exotic dancer after
text: the other in various poses. Asses up, on all fours,
text: spread eagle. By themselves. Kissing. Doing lesbian
dialog: shots.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
text: The next day they run around the strip
text: club with a camera, gathering video for
dialog: their site.
text: Wayne sits on a skateboard with the camera, being pushed
text: around by Buck, using the board as dolly.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Within half a day, Wayne was convinced he
dialog: was Steven Spielberg.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Give me a smile, baby, give me a smile.
text: The meter at the bottom of the screen keeps running.
dialog: We're at thirty thousand. Then forty. Then fifty.
text: A SERIES OF IMAGES
dialog: 42
dialog: 43
dialog: 28.
text: More pictures flying past the screen, more money ticking
text: off. We see various men all around the country joining
text: discreetly, some at home, some at work.
scene_heading: INT. —- VAN NUY’S APARTMENT, LIVING ROOM - DAY 42
text: Printouts overflowing into a garbage can, totally
text: disorganized business mayhem. There is more paperwork
dialog: coming in than the men know what to do with or are
text: capable of handling.
text: SINGLE SHOT: MAILMAN drops an entire bag of mail at the
dialog: door that would take a month to sort.
text: Buck is on the phone, Wayne pacing in the background.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: So now they have to purchase a bigger
dialog: server to handle all of the business. The
text: mail is piling up and they haven't even
dialog: thought of opening it. These two fuckers
dialog: have no idea what they've started. Within
dialog: days, they're working around the clock.
text: Buck hangs up the phone.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: It'll be here in three days.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: I can’t take this! This is too much. Too
dialog: much!
dialog: (Beat)
dialog: Maybe you should quit your job...
text: Buck perks up.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. - BUCK’S OFFICE - DAY 43
text: ANGLE ON Buck’s desk. All of his work gear is piled high.
text: He tosses his ZIPPO on top of everything.
speaker_heading: WHOOSH!
text: Everything goes up in flames. He smiles and begins
text: heading out of the office. People begin screaming. The
text: supervisor grabs a fire extinguisher and begins to put
text: the fire out. He shouts after Buck.
dialog: 44
dialog: 45
dialog: 46
dialog: 47
dialog: 48
dialog: 49
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: SUPERVISOR
dialog: You're fired you son of a bitch! You’re
dialog: fired!
text: Buck gives him the finger on the way out the door.
scene_heading: EXT. - BUCK'S OFFICE - DAY 44
text: Wayne is behind the wheel of a brand new Porsche, Buck
text: jumps in. They’re pulling off of the lot.
scene_heading: INT. - PORSCHE - CONTINUOUS 45
text: Buck turns to Wayne as they pull on to the street.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Let’s go to Vegas, brother!
scene_heading: EXT. - 15 HIGHWAY - DAY 46
text: An AERIAL shot that follows the Porsche as the music
text: takes full control. We lose them on the highway...as we
text: drift over the desert and head towards a cherry red
text: setting sun. It doesn’t get much better than this.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
scene_heading: IMPOSE LEGEND: TWO MONTHS LATER
scene_heading: EXT. - LA SKYLINE - NIGHT 47
text: We fly over Downtown LA and reveal...
scene_heading: EXT. - CASABLANCA - NIGHT 48
text: A completely black clientele moves in and out of this
text: happening night club.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: Two weeks had turned into two months, and
text: it didn't show any signs of letting up,
dialog: but the money was good.
scene_heading: INT. - CASABLANCA - NIGHT 49
text: We move through pulsating lights, pounding music and
text: couples dancing, up to the only white guy in the club.
text: He’s at the bar, sipping a drink. As
text: that it’s Jack. He looks much better
text: a guy on top of his game. He surveys
dialog: like Humphrey Bogart might. JAMES, a
text: and good friend of Jack’s, sits next
dialog: 30.
text: he turns, we see
dialog: here, well dressed,
dialog: his domain, much
text: large black bouncer
text: to him. James looks
text: around the club.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Boy Jack, the ladies are out tonight.
text: Jack nods and smiles. He sips his drink.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: All this fine ass and you don’t fool
dialog: around, huh Jack?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You know me, James. I’m one of those
dialog: married guys who’s actually “happily
dialog: married”.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: You're sick man. Mentally ill.
text: A beautiful black woman named CYNTHIA suddenly steps into
text: view. She talks to Jack above the music.
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: Jack, Jerry Haggerty just called.
text: Jack winces.
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA (CONT'D)
dialog: He says he’s got another business deal
dialog: for you.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Sure he does. What kind of business?
speaker_heading: CYNTHIA
dialog: He didn’t say. He just wanted to know if
dialog: you could meet him in Vegas.
text: Jack mulls it over in his head.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: Haggerty was the lawyer who did all the
dialog: business for the nightclub. In almost no
dialog: time I had turned the place around. I'd
dialog: fired everyone who'd been robbing the
dialog: club. I suspected he was the biggest
dialog: crook of all, but couldn't really prove
dialog: it.
dialog: 50
dialog: 51
dialog: 52
dialog: 31.
scene_heading: EXT. - MCCARRAN AIRPORT - DAY 50
text: A limousine driver holds up a sign "JACK HARRIS". Jack
text: nods hello and heads into his limo.
scene_heading: INT. — LIMOUSINE - DAY 51
text: Jack sits in back, on the phone.
scene_heading: INT. - JACK'S MODEST HOUSTON HOUSE, KITCHEN - DAY 52
text: Diana is on the other end. She’s with her housekeeper,
text: LAURA, her sons MICHAEL, about ten, and Adam, about
text: three, and Laura's son, ALEJANDRO, also about three.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: When are you coming home, baby? Its been
dialog: a few weeks, again.
scene_heading: INTERCUT AS NECESSARY
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: I’m not sure yet. Believe me I want to be
dialog: there, I just can’t right now.
text: Diana looks at Michael.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: I know you’re working hard, I just think
dialog: you’re missing so much...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I know. Believe me, I know.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Maybe I could sneak away for the weekend.
dialog: I’ll fly out to LA.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: No, don’t. Right now I’m in Vegas.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Vegas? What for?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Jerry Haggerty invited me here.
dialog: 53
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Oh Jack, that creepy lawyer from the
dialog: club? He's nothing but trouble.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: He says he’s got some business venture.
dialog: And if it wasn’t for him, I wouldn’t have
dialog: the night club. And that’s turning out
dialog: more than okay. It saved our ass baby.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: He’s slimey. Be careful.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Alright, I know, you're right...but at
dialog: least I might get some laughs out of it.
speaker_heading: DIANA
text: What starts with laughter ends in tears.
text: Jack laughs.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I love you, baby.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Love you too.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. - DESERT INN GOLF COURSE - DAY 53
text: JERRY HAGGERTY is driving a golf cart with Jack at his
text: side. Jack just sits there listening to Haggerty and his
dialog: bullshit.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: I keep snap hooking everything. This
dialog: fucking golf pro told me that all great
dialog: players fight a fucking hook. Now he’s
dialog: got me hitting everything into the
dialog: fucking woods, and my handicap’s gone up
dialog: five fucking points.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Aside from your golf game, you must be
dialog: doing pretty well, Jerry. Its not like
dialog: you to pay for a plane ticket.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: Oh, I’m doing great, Jack. I’ve got all
dialog: kinds of deals going on.
dialog: 54
dialog: 55
dialog: 56
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: So what "deal” do you have for me?
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: I‘1l tell you a story you won’t believe.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Of course you will.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: Really. I’m not kidding. It’s like “The
dialog: Treasure of Sierra Madre” meets the
dialog: “Twilight Zone”.
speaker_heading: FLASH CUT:
scene_heading: INT. — HARD ROCK HOTEL, SUITE - NIGHT 54
text: Buck and Wayne look frightened and bloodied up from some
text: kind of beating. They also look as if they’ve been up for
text: days partying. Buck is on the phone yelling, while Wayne
text: paces in the background, chain smoking.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY (V.O)
dialog: Okay. I get a call from a friend that
dialog: there’s these two guys are holed up ina
dialog: suite at the Hard Rock and need some of
dialog: legal advice. They started this business,
dialog: but have no idea what they’re doing.
scene_heading: INT. —- HARD ROCK HOTEL, SUITE - A DIFFERENT NIGHT 55
text: Buck and Wayne are partying with a bunch of GORGEOUS
text: HOOKERS. They appear to be having the time of their
dialog: lives.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY (V.O.)
dialog: A couple of months ago they make a whole
dialog: bunch of money, like a million bucks, and
text: they come out to Vegas. Start partying
dialog: for weeks. From what I understand, they
dialog: go through a pound of blow, hit every
dialog: hooker in town, and now, they can’t pay
dialog: their partners.
scene_heading: RESUME GOLF COURSE: 56
text: Haggerty hooks a shot with Jack watching.
dialog: 57
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: See, what did I tell ya'? Everything's
text: left and in the fucking weeds.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Who are their partners?
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
text: A bunch of Russians in LA. Nikita
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Sokoloff?
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: Yeah, that’s him. You know him?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Yeah, he shakes down a lot of night
text: club's, along with everything else in LA.
dialog: I've been lucky enough to avoid him. He's
text: a raving lunatic.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: No argument there, Jack.
speaker_heading: FLASH CUT:
scene_heading: INT. — HARD ROCK HOTEL, SUITE - NIGHT 57
text: Nikita is in the hotel suite, with several of his RUSSIAN
text: MOB SOLDIERS. One of them is his nephew, IVAN, a
text: particularly large, evil brow, son of a bitch. He is
text: beating the crap out of Buck with a belt wrapped around
text: his fist.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY (V.O.)
dialog: They were kicking the shit out of these
dialog: guys because they couldn’t pay up like
dialog: they were supposed to.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Stop it! You’re gonna kill him!
text: Ivan takes out a gun and puts it in Wayne’s mouth.
text: Wayne’s eyes WIDEN.
dialog: 35.
scene_heading: RESUME GOLF COURSE 58
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: These morons blew through all their
dialog: money. So they went to my friend for help
dialog: who came to me. And now I come to you.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Come to me for what?
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: To fix the problem, what else? Look,
dialog: from what I understand, this business
dialog: they’ve started is a real cash cow, Jack.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: If it’s such a cash cow, what do you need
dialog: me for?
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: Because Jack, it could be a herd.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What is the business?
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: This is the best part. All they do is put
text: a bunch of dirty pictures on the
dialog: Internet. I’m telling you, inside a
dialog: couple of months, they made over a
dialog: million bucks.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I got a wife and kids. I’m not getting
text: involved with porn, Jerry.
text: Haggerty points to several surrounding hotels on the
dialog: strip.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: Hey, let me ask you a question. You think
dialog: Steve Wynn or Baron Hilton are
dialog: pornographers?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: No...of course not.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: Well they got all that shit playing on
dialog: their TV’s, in all their hotel rooms. You
dialog: name a hotel chain, they’re making money
dialog: off of porn. Are they all pornographers?
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 59
dialog: Jack stare
dialog: Off Jack's
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m not asking you to make porn movies,
dialog: Jack. I’m asking you to straighten out a
dialog: business situation.
dialog: s at Haggerty.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Hey Haggerty, these guys are animals. I’m
dialog: not getting into the middle of this. No
dialog: way.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: Just go meet with the guys. What's the
dialog: harm in that? You can fix anything, this
dialog: needs fixing, and maybe you could make a
dialog: couple of bucks.
dialog: face...
scene_heading: INT. —- HARD ROCK HOTEL, CASINO - DAY 59
text: Jack is greeted by RICHARD WILK a casino executive at the
text: door, Jack and Richard move across the crowded floor.
text: Jack nods,
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Welcome to the Hard Rock Mr. Harris, I’m
dialog: Richard Wilk, anything you need. (handing
dialog: Jack his card). I arranged what you
text: asked. (Richard reaches in his coat
text: pocket and hands Jack and ENVELOPE)
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Thanks Richard. What suite number?
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: The Bowling Alley.
dialog: walk away.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: Haggerty. I was sure his big plan was to
dialog: have me fix the Russian problem, get the
text: business up and running and then figure
text: out a way to rip it off. Knowing
dialog: Haggerty, he already had that part
dialog: figured out. He was already being
text: investigated by the feds, and stunk of
dialog: desperation. If this was real, and I was
dialog: going to get involved, he could not be a
dialog: part of this, no matter what.
speaker_heading: FLASH CUT:
dialog: 60
dialog: 61
dialog: 62
dialog: 37.
scene_heading: INT. —- HARD ROCK HOTEL, SUITE - DAY 60
text: We're back in the hotel suite. Buck and Wayne are
text: partying, having a great time with the out call hookers.
text: Haggerty is off to the side, supplying the coke.
scene_heading: INT. —- HARD ROCK HOTEL, HALLWAY - DAY 61
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: From what Haggerty told me I knew there
dialog: was a lot of money in this deal. And
dialog: that was good. The money was in porn.
dialog: And that was bad. Why I even knocked on
dialog: that door is beyond me.
text: Jack knocks on the door to the suite. He hears rustling
text: on the other side.
speaker_heading: BUCK (0.S.)
dialog: Who is it?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Jack Harris.
text: The door opens. Buck checks him out and pulls him inside.
scene_heading: INT. —- HARD ROCK HOTEL, SUITE - DAY 62
text: The place is enormous. It looks like a bomb hit it,
text: filled with room service carts, and piles of cigarette
text: butts that spill out everywhere and onto the floor. It’s
dialog: real “Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas” type stuff. Wayne
text: comes up behind Jack and tosses him into the wall,
text: putting a gun to his head. He pulls back the hammer. Buck
text: jumps in the way.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: He’s okay! He’s okay!
text: Wayne’s eyes are nearly bugging out of his head.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: How do you know?!? How do you know?!? You
dialog: don’t know what the guy looks like!
text: Wayne starts patting Jack down. He takes Jack’s wallet
text: and checks his ID. He looks at it, then tosses it back to
dialog: Jack.
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Don’t mind him, he’s been up for eleven
dialog: straight days.
text: Jack turns and gets his first good look at Wayne. He is
text: dressed only in a robe, which periodically opens up, his
text: dick hanging out. This makes Jack visibly uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: It doesn’t mean I don’t see things with
dialog: clarity, man. I’m a sharp motherfucker!
dialog: I’m sharp as a tack. These little fuckers
text: are all over the hotel.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: There aren't any little fuckers.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Oh, bullshit!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Little fuckers? What’s he talking about?
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: He’s nuts. He thinks there’s leprechauns
text: in the hotel.
text: Wayne rushes over, waving the gun around.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Little fuckers! Little fuckers with tiny,
dialog: little assholes, that shit these little
dialog: fucking hearts and clovers! I see them
dialog: all over the place! Behind the cabinets!
dialog: Under the fucking bed! And they’re
dialog: listening devices man!
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: That’s Lucky Charms dumbass. Now shut
dialog: the fuck up.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Guys, this room stinks.
text: Jack looks at Buck.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: You seem to be the brains of this outfit.
dialog: You both need something to eat.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: I know, he won’t let anybody else up to
dialog: the room.
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Damn straight. We’ve got Russians after
dialog: us. You don’t think they’ve got Russians
dialog: working in the kitchen? They’1l poison
dialog: the food, Right?...Right?...Am I Right?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I'll eat the food first. If it’s good,
dialog: I‘1ll hand it over to you.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Bullshit. What if I get a bad bite?
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: He’s afraid we’re gonna get cracked. We
dialog: owe these Russians money.
speaker_heading: JACK
text: Whacked. Not “cracked”, whacked. Jesus.
dialog: And you owe Nikita Sokoloff money,
dialog: probably the last guy on Earth you’d ever
dialog: want to fuck around with. What were you
dialog: guys thinking?
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: I dunno. We weren’t. We just had all this
dialog: money coming in. I mean, more money than
dialog: we'd ever seen.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Why didn’t you just pay them?
text: Wayne starts waving his hands around.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Bees! Bees man! Bees! You hear them
text: swarming?!? They sound like they're
dialog: swarming!...Right?
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: (re: Wayne)
dialog: Shut the fuck up! And put your damn dick
dialog: away!
dialog: (To Jack)
dialog: We were high. We figured, what’s the
dialog: rush? I mean, everybody's friends, right?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: No, not with these guys.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Fucking bees, man!
dialog: 63
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Wayne, I am telling you for the last
dialog: time. Shut the fuck up! I can’t hear
dialog: myself think!
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Fuck you, man --
text: Buck grabs a remote control, FIRES IT off Wayne's head.
text: He charges him and TACKLES him to the floor. A gruesome
text: sight as Wayne's robe is entirely open as they roll
dialog: around.
text: Jack's eyes BULGE.
text: He then calmly gets out of his chair and grabs a
text: champagne bucket, filled with melting ice water. He
text: throws it on the two men, dousing them.
text: The guys SHRIEK, roll off each other, out of breath.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Guys! Let's focus on why we're here.
text: Jack sits in a CHAIR across from them, still on the
text: floor. A beat.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: We're so fucking dead, aren’t we?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: No. But you’ve got to clean up. And tell
dialog: me everything.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. —- HARD ROCK HOTEL, SUITE - DAY 63
text: It’s an hour later. There is a brand new room service
text: cart there. Buck has clearly convinced Wayne to eat. The
text: situation appears to be calming down, as Buck and Wayne
dialog: do their best to explain everything to Jack.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: The amazing thing to me was that they had
dialog: started a business that already could
dialog: have made more millions than I could
dialog: imagine in such a short time. Instead of
text: paying, they hid out in a hotel suite,
dialog: and spilled more coke than most people
dialog: were capable of doing in a lifetime.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: I figured that had they kept their shit
dialog: together, for just the last two months,
dialog: they might be worth millions. So maybe
dialog: this wouldn’t be so tough to fix after
dialog: all.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Look, you’ve got to take care of this
dialog: Russian problem.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: First of all, I don’t have to do a God
dialog: damn thing. Got it?
text: Buck and Wayne nod, like children.
dialog: Alright. I need to figure out what you
dialog: did right. Obviously something because
dialog: you made a million bucks in two months.
dialog: I know what you did wrong, you didn’t pay
dialog: your partners. And based upon what I see
dialog: here today, I can safely assume that you
dialog: don’t have the common sense that Christ
dialog: gave a cockroach, on how to run a
dialog: business.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: But you do, right?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: So, will you do that for us?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Not so fast. I won’t make money by
dialog: creating porn. I’ve got a family. I don’t
dialog: have any interest in being a
dialog: pornographer. If I’m going to come on, we
dialog: will never provide porn again.
dialog: (Thinking out loud)
dialog: You guys figured out how to take a credit
dialog: card from a person anywhere in the world
dialog: and then deliver a product anywhere in
text: the world, and neither side sees each
dialog: other. Its genius, for sure. This is
dialog: where the money is, long term. We just
dialog: need to deliver the porn into homes all
dialog: over the world, process the payment and
dialog: take a cut.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: What do you mean?
dialog: 64
dialog: 65
dialog: 66
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: I'm not sure I understand.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Imagine there's a basement, and in this
dialog: basement there's a Chinese orgy...
speaker_heading: FLASH CUT TO
scene_heading: INT. —- CHINESE ORGY - BASEMENT - TIMELESS 64
text: A room filled with ASIAN MEN and WOMEN, naked, getting it
text: on. We see TWO ASIAN, yet Americanized MEN with spiky
text: bleached hair filming...
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: And imagine you're guys who like to watch
dialog: Chinese orgies...But how are you going to
dialog: pay to see it? Are you going to give your
dialog: credit card numbers to a group of Chinese
dialog: pornographers overseas? And what would it
dialog: show up on your credit card bill as...
scene_heading: FLASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. - THE ALL AMERICAN FARM HOME - DAY 65
text: The FARMER'S WIFE from the beginning montage opens the
dialog: household credit card bill...
scene_heading: C.U BILL....FILTHYASIANWHORES.COM -- $29.99
text: The Farmer's wife's face boils with rage. She turns and
text: sees her HUSBAND in his overalls. She walks up behind him
text: and smashes him across the head with a frying pan.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: The divorce rate is high enough in this
dialog: country without wives having proof that
dialog: their husbands are spending money on
dialog: filthyasianwhores.com.
speaker_heading: BACK TO:
scene_heading: INT. —- HARD ROCK HOTEL SUITE - SAME 66
text: Buck and Wayne are like two mesmerized children, staring
text: at Jack like he's a genius.
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: We could have hundreds of sites...maybe
dialog: even thousands, all under some
dialog: nondescript name?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Exactly, if I get a credit card bill and
dialog: it says big tits dot com I may have some
dialog: buyers remorse, but if it says software
dialog: billing company, then who knows what that
dialog: means. It’s safer for everyone concerned.
dialog: Win / Win. Consumers get what they want,
dialog: content providers get what they want and
dialog: we make ten percent for handling the
dialog: transaction.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Yeah, then we could take a cut from all
dialog: of those people out there that are
text: already making it. Be in the middle.
dialog: Fucking middle men!
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: It's limitless man, God damn limitless!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Potentially. We have no downside, other
dialog: than your Russian partners.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Where does Haggerty fit in?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I’m not so sure about Haggerty.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Why? He put us together. That would be
dialog: kind of shitty to cut him out.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Look, he’s probably going to be indicted
dialog: any time now. He’s got federal agents all
text: over him.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: He told us he was never even going to be
dialog: charged.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: This is already a questionable business.
dialog: I don’t think it’s wise to team up with
dialog: someone who is under investigation. We'll
dialog: have federal agents all over us too.
dialog: 67
dialog: 44,
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Look, what you’re saying makes sense. But
dialog: I just don’t feel right about it. This
dialog: guy’s saving our life.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Get something straight. I’m saving your
dialog: life. I’m the one that’s gonna have to
dialog: deal with these Russians, not Jerry
dialog: Haggerty.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Yeah but...
text: Wayne looks at Buck, cuts him off.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Yeah, ok, fine. We’re on board with you a
dialog: hundred percent. Partners, right? As soon
dialog: as you take care of this Russian problem.
scene_heading: EXT. —- HAGGERTY’S HOUSE - DAY 67
text: The house is nice, far from palatial, but well kept. Jack
text: rings the doorbell. Haggerty appears in the doorway. Jack
text: slaps an envelope in Haggerty’s hand.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: What’s this?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Two hundred thousand dollars. Now you’re
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: Hey, wait a minute...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Then I’m out. Give me back the money.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: No, no. Wait.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What’s it gonna be?
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: Alright, alright, I'll take the money.
text: Jack nods and heads back to his car. Haggerty quickly
text: takes half the money and shoves it in his pocket as he
text: closes the door.
dialog: 68
dialog: 69
dialog: 70
dialog: 71
dialog: 45.
scene_heading: INT. - HAGGERTY’S HOUSE, LIVING ROOM 68
text: Haggerty crosses the living room and heads for the
dialog: kitchen.
scene_heading: INT. —- HAGGERTY’S HOUSE, KITCHEN - DAY 69
text: Ivan, the Russian who put the gun in Wayne’s mouth, sits
text: at the kitchen table. He sips a vodka.
speaker_heading: IVAN
dialog: So?
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: He cut me out. Can you believe that shit?
dialog: What a prick...how could he do that shit
dialog: to a person? I mean, I knew he would, but
dialog: it’s just so shocking when people are
dialog: greedy like that.
speaker_heading: IVAN
dialog: What did he give you?
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
text: A hundred thousand.
scene_heading: EXT. - CASABLANCA - DAY 70
text: Jack pulls up outside the club in his car.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: The next morning I flew back with Buck
dialog: and Wayne agreeing that I was on board.
text: Jack parks the car. He gets out heading for the club.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: The deal was that we wouldn't provide a
dialog: frame of content ourselves. We were just
dialog: going to be middle men.
scene_heading: INT. — CASABLANCA -— DAY 71
text: Jack disables the alarm. He makes his way through the
text: empty club over to his office.
dialog: 72
dialog: 73
dialog: 74
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: I told them to have Sokoloff contact me.
dialog: These idiots didn’t even know how much
dialog: they owed. Sokoloff’s guy called me and
dialog: said it was a million bucks.
scene_heading: INT. —- CASABLANCA, JACK'S OFFICE - DAY 72
text: Jack enters. There is a wall safe. He goes to it and
text: opens it.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: And they wanted it paid in three
dialog: installments of four hundred thousand
dialog: dollars.
text: Inside is cash, lots of cash. At least a million dollars.
text: He empties about half of it into a bag.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: That’s more than a million bucks where I
dialog: come from, but who was I to argue?
text: Jack closes the safe and walks out.
scene_heading: EXT. - CASABLANCA - DAY 73
text: Jack walks out of the club, the money bag under his arm.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: I remember feeling pretty good that
dialog: morning. Maybe this was going to be the
dialog: answer to my dreams. Diana and the kids
dialog: would never have to worry about money
dialog: again. And I would absolutely be out of
dialog: this business in one year. It would be a
dialog: tough year I thought, but the result
dialog: would be worth it.
text: Jack gets into his car and takes off.
scene_heading: EXT. —- SAN PEDRO, CALIFORNIA - DAY 74
text: Various shots of the coast of San Pedro.
dialog: 75
dialog: 76
dialog: 47.
scene_heading: EXT. —- JACK’S SAN PEDRO HOUSE - DAY 75
text: It's a beautiful place that overlooks the ocean. Ivan
text: pulls up to the house in his black Mercedes. He gets out
text: of his car and heads for the door.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
text: Within an hour, some big Russian named
dialog: Ivan was at my front door.
text: Jack lets Ivan into the house.
scene_heading: INT. - JACK'S SAN PEDRO HOUSE, LIVING ROOM - DAY 76
text: The interior of the living room has an upscale beach
text: house feel. Wayne and Buck sit on the sofa looking very
text: nervous. Ivan instantly locks eyes with them.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Would you like a drink?
speaker_heading: IVAN
dialog: I’m not here to socialize.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I’m just trying to be friendly.
speaker_heading: IVAN
dialog: We are no fucking friends. Where is my
dialog: money?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Your money? You mean Nikita’s money,
dialog: don’t you?
speaker_heading: IVAN
dialog: He’s my Uncle. Our money. Family money
dialog: that these two shit heads owe us. You pay
dialog: this to me.
text: Ivan glances at a framed photo of Jack and his son
dialog: Michael.
speaker_heading: IVAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Or maybe I take this little boy for boat
dialog: trip, no?
text: Ivan picks up the picture frame. Jack clenches his jaw
text: with contempt.
dialog: 48.
text: Jack opens the blinds to the deck revealing James, REGGIE
text: and PEANUT with his very large, African American
text: "wrecking crew". They stroll into the living room and
text: quickly have Ivan surrounded.
speaker_heading: IVAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Maybe I speak out of turn.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Let's focus on why we're here.
text: Jack drops a duffel on the coffee table. Ivan picks it
text: up. It’s stuffed with many packets of hundreds. Ivan does
text: a quick count of a single packet.
text: He scans the packets, counting, his lips moving as he
text: WHISPERS NUMBERS IN RUSSIAN.
text: Ivan nods, and then smiles.
speaker_heading: IVAN
dialog: Okay. This is good. Deal.
text: Ivan reaches out his hand. They shake.
text: As they shake hands, from out of nowhere, James punches
text: Ivan square in the nose. We hear a crunch, blood flies
text: everywhere. Ivan barely blinks as blood runs down his
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: James...what the fuck?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: He threatened Michael.
text: Peanut hands Ivan a bar towel.
speaker_heading: IVAN
dialog: Good punch. Now everybody is friends. Let
dialog: us have that drink.
text: Everyone starts LAUGHING and they head over to the bar.
text: Buck and Wayne end up laughing along with Ivan...Ivan
text: puts his arm around Wayne's shoulder.
text: Jack grabs his cordless phone, hands it out to Ivan.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Maybe you should call your boss. Tell him
dialog: that everything has been settled.
text: Ivan looks reluctant.
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: IVAN
dialog: This is okay. If I am happy. He is happy.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: It's a lot of money. I'm sure he'd like
dialog: to know it's been collected. And I think
dialog: it would make my partners sleep better.
text: Ivan takes the phone. He swallows hard, nervously. Jack
text: stares at him skeptically for a moment.
text: Ivan dials...puts the phone to his ear. After a moment
text: Ivan suddenly relaxes.
speaker_heading: IVAN
text: It is machine.
text: Ivan clicks off the phone and extends it back to Jack.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Oh. I guess we'll try again later.
text: As Jack grabs the phone he feels it is wet. Jack looks
text: down and sees his fingers are stained with blood. So is
text: the phone. Jack looks up at Ivan. Blood is trickling down
text: from Ivan’s ear. Jack is suddenly terrified, even though
text: Ivan seems to be doing very well with his arm around
dialog: Wayne.
speaker_heading: IVAN
dialog: I like you! You always make me laugh!
dialog: We're friends now.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Yeah, we're friends, right! Right?
text: Jack nudges James and motions with his chin towards
text: Ivan’s ear. James’s face changes instantly.
text: As Ivan is talking to Wayne, his eyes roll up in his
text: head. He begins to slur his words as blood and puss pour
text: from his ear. He collapses to the floor, foaming from the
text: mouth. His right leg kicks violently, smashing the coffee
text: table to bits. Wayne stares in shock.
speaker_heading: WAYNE (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh, Jesus Christ!
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: What the fuck did you do, Wayne?!?
text: Jack and James rush over and check his pulse.
dialog: 77
dialog: 78
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Is he dead?
text: James nods "yes".
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: How hard did you punch him?!?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I don’t know, Jack. I just punched ‘em
dialog: like I always punch ‘em!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You ever hear of a jab?!?
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Oh shit. We are so dead... We're dead,
dialog: right? I mean, am I right?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Shit, I'm sorry Jack.
text: Jack says nothing.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: What are we gonna do?
scene_heading: EXT. - RENTAL CABIN CRUISER - DUSK 77
text: Jack, James, and Peanut are tossing Ivan'’s body, wrapped
text: in a large tarp and chains, off the port bow. Jack is
text: clearly white as a ghost. Buck and Wayne peer on from
text: across the deck, like two petrified children.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: James is driving the boat back towards the lights of San
text: Pedro. He and Peanut take pulls on a bottle of Hennessey.
scene_heading: INT. - RENTAL CABIN CRUISER, CABIN - NIGHT 78
text: Down below, Jack is drinking too, staring off into space,
text: listening to the sounds of the engines. Buck sits across
text: from him at the table, while Wayne paces in the
dialog: background.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: What do we do?
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: We don’t do anything. We don’t mention
dialog: this to anyone. Ever.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: What about the money?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: We gave it to him.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Yeah, but he’s dead.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: But they don’t know that. And that’s the
dialog: way we need to keep it.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Dude, you're not getting it. You’re just
dialog: not getting it. They didn’t get their
dialog: money.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: As far as we're concerned, they did.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: What are you talking about?!?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: We gave them the money. He disappeared
dialog: with it. End of story.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: But what if they still want it?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: We do what we would do in that
dialog: circumstance. We tell them to fuck off.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Oh, no, no, no. These Russians are nuts,
dialog: man. They’ve kicked our asses twice
dialog: already.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: I say we just pay them.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: No! We're not going to pay them twice!
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: But we didn’t even pay them once!
dialog: 79
dialog: 80
dialog: 81
dialog: 52.
text: Jack erupts.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: They don’t know that! If we’re too eager
dialog: to pay again, they’1l smell a rat!
dialog: They’11 know we did something to him!
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: How do you figure that? Just pay them and
dialog: they’1ll go away!
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Yeah, it’s not like you can’t afford it.
dialog: You still have the money...Right?
text: Jack gets up.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Look, I've made it as clear as I know
dialog: how. We’re done talking about this.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. - GEORGE BUSH INTERCONTINENTAL AIRPORT - DAY 79
text: The plane touches down on the runway.
scene_heading: EXT. - JACK'S MODEST HOUSTON HOUSE - DAY 80
text: A town car pulls into the driveway. It stops and Jack
text: gets out of the back, carrying his bag. The car pulls
text: away. He stares at the place like it’s a sight for sore
dialog: eyes.
scene_heading: INT. - JACK'S MODEST HOUSTON HOUSE - DAY 81
text: Jack enters. The house looks much as we last saw it.
text: Diana appears with open arms.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Hey honey.
text: Jack hugs her, a little longer than usual. She picks up
text: on it. She pulls back and stares him in the eyes.
speaker_heading: DIANA (CONT'D)
dialog: Are you okay?
text: He breaks the hug.
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Yeah. I missed you so much.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: So what's this new business in
dialog: California?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Never mind that right now.
text: Jack’s children, Adam and Michael, run into the room.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Daddy!
text: The kids run and attach themselves to Jack.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Hey gang.
text: Jack looks to Diana.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Let’s go out to dinner tonight.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Where to?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Anywhere you want.
scene_heading: 82 EXT. - SEAFOOD RESTAURANT - DUSK 82
text: This fancy restaurant sits on the banks of the Gulf of
dialog: Mexico.
scene_heading: 83 EXT. - SEAFOOD RESTAURANT, TERRACE - NIGHT 83
text: We follow a WAITER who carries a tray of seafood and fish
text: to Jack's table. At the table is Jack, Diana, Adam and
text: Michael. The waiter sets the food down before them. Jack
text: stares blankly at his broiled fish, the head still
text: attached. He turns away, clearly having a bad thought.
text: Looking out at the Gulf doesn’t help. He’s suddenly a
text: million miles away.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: You sure you're okay?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I’m fine.
dialog: 54.
text: Jack glances over to Michael, who is dumping ketchup on
text: his french fries. It looks like blood. Jack takes a
dialog: breath.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: Daddy, what do fish eat?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
text: Some eat plankton, some eat other fish.
speaker_heading: DIANA
text: They eat whatever’s around.
text: ANGLE ON JACK, his mind is racing.
speaker_heading: JUMPCUT TO:
text: A SCHOOL OF RAVENOUS FISH ARE HAVING A BUFFET ON IVAN’S
text: FACE. THEIR FISH TAILS WAGGLE AS THEY DINE ON HIS
speaker_heading: EYEBALLS.
scene_heading: 84 RESUME JACK: DIANA SNAPS HIM OUT OF IT. 84
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Jack! Are you sure you’re okay?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Yeah, I’m just not that hungry.
scene_heading: 85 INT. - JACK’'S MODEST HOUSTON HOUSE, BEDROOM - NIGHT 85
text: Jack and Diana lie in bed. It’s late. Diana stirs, coming
text: out of a troubled sleep. She doesn’t even have to look at
dialog: Jack to know...
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: You're awake aren’t you.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Yeah...
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: I know you better than you know yourself.
dialog: What is up with you?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Just business.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Are you sure?
dialog: 55.
text: There is a pause.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Look, I’m gonna have to go back in a few
dialog: days. It's a very new business. Once I
dialog: get it up and running, I promise you,
dialog: I'll be spending most of my time at home.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: I hope so. I'd hate to lose you to
dialog: California.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: It's one of these new Internet
dialog: businesses...you know how it is.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Not really. I don't know anything about
dialog: Internet businesses.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: They just take a lot of commitment.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: So do marriages.
text: He nods, takes her hand. They kiss. Then passionately.
scene_heading: INT. - JACK’S CAR - DAY 86
text: Diana is driving Jack to the airport.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: So what kind of business is it?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I told you. It's an Internet business.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Yeah, I know. What kind?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: It’s a billing service.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Oh. For what?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: What do you bill people for?
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Entertainment...
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Oh? What kind of entertainment?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Movies, pictures and stuff...
text: Diana looks at him skeptically.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: You're not telling me something.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Fine. Adult movies.
text: She laughs.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Yeah, right.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I’m not joking.
text: She stares at him.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: C'mon, Jack be serious...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I'm serious, Diana.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: You're really not joking?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Relax, I’m not making porn movies. It’s
text: an Internet billing service.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Internet billing service? I don't even
dialog: know what that means, Jack. You bill
dialog: people on their computers?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Yeah Diana, computers.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: This is the stupidest thing I’ve ever
dialog: heard.
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I think it’s the gold rush, Diana. It
dialog: could set us up for life in less than a
dialog: year.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Well, I think you're crazy and it’s
dialog: completely disgusting. And I don’t want
dialog: you doing it.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What about Steve Wynn or Baron Hilton?
dialog: Are they pornographers because they have
dialog: these films in every one of their hotels?
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: I don’t care about them, I care about
dialog: you, Jack.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Diana, I'll be out in a year.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: I don’t want you to be a part of this at
dialog: all. Not even for a day.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Oh Diana, c'mon. We watch the damn things
dialog: once in a while.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: I don't care! This is disgusting, I don't
dialog: like it, and I don't want you doing it!
dialog: End of story, Jack.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: Little did she know it was already too
dialog: late...
scene_heading: 87 EXT. -— GEORGE BUSH INTERCONTINENTAL AIRPORT - DAY 87
text: Jack gets out of the car. He kisses Diana, heads for the
dialog: terminal.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: I couldn’t back out now. I mean, I could
dialog: just imagine the damage that Buck and
dialog: Wayne would do on their own. They were
dialog: the kind of guys who would get pulled
text: over for a DUI and start confessing to
dialog: some motorcycle cop about the murder. I
dialog: had to keep an eye on them somehow.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 88
dialog: 89
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: I'd either end up arrested, or worse yet,
text: dead by the hands of the Sokoloff's.
scene_heading: EXT. —- LAX RUNWAY - DAY 88
text: The plane touches down.
scene_heading: EXT. - LAX TERMINAL - DAY 89
text: Jack walks out of the terminal. James is there, standing
text: in front of a town car.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: So I go back to LA with my wife’s words
text: rolling around in my head. I’m not in
dialog: town two minutes and the shit hits the
dialog: fan.
text: Nikita and a few of his goons stand by a waiting car.
text: They motion for Jack. Jack eyeballs them and forces his
dialog: best smile.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: I knew if I didn’t play this perfectly,
dialog: I'd be joining Ivan.
text: Jack walks over to the Russians. James grabs his arm.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: I don’t like this.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: It’s cool.
text: James bends down to take Jack’s luggage, getting in his
text: way. Jack puts a calming hand on James’s shoulder. James
text: straightens up with the bag.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: I’m telling you, I don’t like this.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: It’s alright, I'll go with them. I'll
dialog: meet you back at the house.
text: Jack turns and heads for the Russian’s car.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Well, this is nice...thanks.
dialog: 90
dialog: 91
dialog: 59.
text: Jack gets in the back seat with Nikita and the car pulls
dialog: away.
scene_heading: INT. - JAMES' TOWN CAR - DAY 90
text: REGGIE and PEANUT are in the back seat.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Fuck this. We're following him.
text: James quickly peels away from the curb.
scene_heading: INT. — NIKITA’S CAR - DAY 91
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I hope you guys don’t take this the wrong
dialog: way, but my guess is you didn’t do this
dialog: just to be nice.
speaker_heading: NIKITA
dialog: Tell me about Ivan.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Ivan...what about him?
speaker_heading: NIKITA
dialog: What happened exactly?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I'm sorry. What happened with what?
speaker_heading: NIKITA
dialog: Was he was at your house?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Of course he was at my house. Why?
speaker_heading: NIKITA
dialog: Tell me what happened.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I’m not following you. We had a bunch of
dialog: drinks. We laughed a lot. Then he left.
text: Nikita nods.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Are you gonna tell me what’s up?
speaker_heading: NIKITA
dialog: Ivan never got home.
dialog: 92
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Okay. So he’s out partying somewhere.
text: Nikita stares at Jack.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: What? Hey, I gave him the four hundred
dialog: thousand we agreed to, plus fifty for
dialog: your troubles.
speaker_heading: NIKITA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Four fifty. I gave him four fifty.
speaker_heading: NIKITA
dialog: The figure was two hundred.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: That’s not what he told me. I paid him
dialog: exactly what he asked for, plus some.
speaker_heading: NIKITA
dialog: So what are you saying?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I’m not saying anything. What is he
dialog: saying by not showing up with your money?
dialog: Because it looks like he ripped you off.
text: Nikita backhands Jack across the jaw. The driver begins
dialog: talking to Nikita in Russian. We don’t need a translator
dialog: to realize this isn’t good.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: NIKITA
dialog: Next time, leave your dogs at home.
text: Jack turns, looks out the window to see James following.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Shit...
scene_heading: INT. - JAMES' TOWN CAR - DAY 92
text: James, Reggie and Peanut follow. As they approach a
text: light, the Russian's suddenly gun the car. It takes off
text: through the intersection as the light turns to yellow.
dialog: 93
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Shit...
text: James slams his foot down on the gas as the light turns
text: red. People begin crossing the street. They scream as
text: James swerves to his left, narrowly missing them. Now
text: they're in the intersection. Cars slam their brakes from
text: every direction, horns blaring. They're boxed in.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: Motherfucker!
scene_heading: EXT. - FIELD - DAY 93
text: Jack is led out of the car by Nikita and the goons
text: somewhere on the outskirts of LAX. Jets scream overhead
text: as they come in for landings just a few hundred feet
text: above. Everyone has to shout over the noise. The goons
dialog: have their guns drawn.
speaker_heading: NIKITA
dialog: Tell me one more time. What happened
dialog: between you and Ivan?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I can go over this a million times. My
dialog: story's not gonna change. He came to the
dialog: house, I paid him, he ripped us off.
text: The Russian's begin shouting. They clearly want to kill
dialog: Jack.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: (re: guns)
dialog: This is a bad play, Nikita. I'm supposed
dialog: to be your partner. You're gonna whack me
dialog: over some shit I didn't even do? What are
dialog: you gonna do when Ivan turns up and you
dialog: realize you've pissed away a whole bunch
dialog: of money we could have made together?
speaker_heading: NIKITA
dialog: Fuck you!
text: He whistles to his partners to pull the trigger.
text: Instantly, everything shifts. James, Reggie and Peanut
text: have them surrounded, guns drawn. Everyone begins
text: screaming at once, jets thundering overhead. It's a
dialog: nightmare.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Put the fucking guns down!
dialog: 94
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Fuck these Russian motherfuckers!
text: It's mass confusion.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Hey! Hey! Hey!
text: A moment of silence.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Let's focus on why we're here...this is
dialog: about money, right? Come up with a
dialog: number. What's the number that squares
dialog: this thing?
dialog: Nikita thinks.
speaker_heading: NIKITA
dialog: Double my end, pay every month. No matter
dialog: what. No excuses.
text: Everyone slowly begins to lower their guns. Nikita walks
text: over to Jack. He cups his face with his hands.
speaker_heading: NIKITA (CONT'D)
dialog: But if I find out you lied to me...I'1l
dialog: kill you, your family, your friends,
dialog: people you haven't even met yet. We
dialog: understand each other?
text: Jack nods. Off his face, the screen burns to a HOT WHITE.
scene_heading: INT. — SOFTWARE BILLING OFFICES - DAY 94
text: A small warehouse has been converted into an office. A
text: dozen computers and A DOZEN WORKERS...
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: Once Nikita was handled, it was back to
dialog: business. We started with just a small
text: warehouse and a couple of small
dialog: servers...We had about 20 different sites
dialog: after the first couple of months...
text: PAN ACROSS the COMPUTER MONITORS as WE SEE THE PAGES OF
scene_heading: VARIOUS DIFFERENT SITES...
dialog: 95
dialog: 96
dialog: 97
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: However, we were so quick in paying out
dialog: our content providers that we started to
dialog: get new inquiries from potential clients
dialog: every day...
scene_heading: INT. - SOFTWARE BILLING OFFICES - BOARD ROOM - DAY 95
text: ROBIN SWALLOW, 37, the hottest MILF in the business and
text: her exclusive partner ALEXANDRA RAYNES, 27 enter the
text: board room scantily clad to say the least.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: This is what an inquiry looked like.
dialog: After a few months it looked more like
dialog: this...
scene_heading: INT. - SOFTWARE BILLING OFFICES, LOBBY - DAY 96
scene_heading: TWO DOZEN DIFFERENT PORN-STAR CHICKS AND THEIR STUDS are
text: seated in a waiting area, all various types. MILF'S,
text: BONDAGE COUPLES and ALL NATIONALITIES are equally
dialog: represented.
text: WE HEAR AT LEAST FIVE DIFFERENT LANGUAGES BEING SPOKEN...
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: The money began to pour in. And I tried
dialog: to teach Buck and Wayne how to be smart
dialog: with it, to always re-invest in the
dialog: company first. But they never seemed to
dialog: get it.
scene_heading: INT. - SOFTWARE BILLING OFFICES, BUCK’S OFFICE - DAY 97
text: Jack opens up a drawer. There’s a check for two million
text: dollars stashed under a stack of candy bars. Jack turns
dialog: to Buck and Wayne.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Are you guys retarded? This is two
dialog: million dollars! And you've got it
dialog: stashed under some fucking candy bars!
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Sorry dude.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Just relax, right?
dialog: 98
dialog: 99
dialog: 100
dialog: 64.
scene_heading: INT. — SOFTWARE BILLING OFFICES, WAYNE’S OFFICE - DAY 98
text: Jack is sifting through mail, magazines. There is a stack
text: of old mail on Wayne’s desk. He picks it up and opens the
text: envelopes. His eyes bulge. Wayne stands in the doorway
text: bullshitting with some employees.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Hey Wayne, you’ve got a bunch of checks
dialog: here. This is like seven million dollars!
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Dude relax. You’re complaining about
dialog: money coming in?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: These checks have been on your desk for
dialog: weeks!
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Dude, take a pill, right?
scene_heading: INT. — SOFTWARE BILLING OFFICES - DAY 99
text: It's a bigger operation now. WORKERS moving to and from
text: offices and cubicles...NEW SERVERS are being brought in.
text: Jack sits in his office. Across from him sit Robin
text: Swallow, Alexandra Raynes and their business manager, a
text: normal looking guy in a suit.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: Of course we also invested in our
dialog: relationships. Relationships in this
dialog: world meant everything.
text: He and Robin shake hands.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: And at home too...
scene_heading: EXT. - JACK'S HOUSTON HOUSE - DAY 100
text: This is Jack’s palace from the beginning of the movie.
text: Moving trucks sit outside it, parked next to two Mercedes
dialog: and a Bentley.
text: DIANA AND THE KIDS rush to Jack as he arrives in his
text: limo. He brings presents for the kids. Hugs all around.
dialog: 101
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: Every trip home was like this wonderful
dialog: homecoming...And I always made sure to
dialog: bring presents... Sometimes for the
dialog: kids...
text: Jack holds his hands over Diana's eyes...
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: And sometimes for Diana.
text: Jack removes his hands, revealing a GIANT DIAMOND TENNIS
text: BRACELET. Diana can't believe her eyes. She smiles and
text: kisses him.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Now and then she'd complain about the
dialog: business I was in or that the new house
dialog: felt so cold and empty without me.
dialog: Everybody thought our relationship was
dialog: strange but it was just fine. Absence did
dialog: indeed make the heart grow fonder. And
dialog: over time she seemed to adjust to me
dialog: being gone so much...
text: The screen once again burns to a HOT WHITE.
scene_heading: TITLE: FIVE YEARS LATER
scene_heading: EXT. TARMAC - LAS VEGAS - DAY 101
text: TWO DOZEN BEAUTIFUL WOMEN now walk with the guys across
text: the tarmac. James and his SECURITY TEAM are surrounding
text: them with suits on, earpieces in and walkie-talkies...
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: As we became more successful, everything
dialog: became a bigger look for us, our parties,
dialog: our lifestyle...
text: PULL OUT TO REVEAL TWO GULF STREAM JETS WAITING FOR THEM.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: It wasn't even about being smart...You
dialog: just had to be fun and you'd draw more
dialog: and more sites which meant more and more
dialog: money which meant bigger planes, bigger
dialog: buildings...
dialog: 102
dialog: 103
dialog: 104
dialog: 105
dialog: 66.
scene_heading: EXT. -— SOFTWARE BILLING BUILDING - DAY 102
text: Jack, Wayne and Buck cut the yellow ribbon surrounding
text: their new giant software billing facility.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: Bigger cars...
text: Jack leaves the lot in a limo. Wayne gets in a Bentley.
text: Buck hops in a giant custom TRUCK.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Bigger houses...
scene_heading: EXT. - BUCK AND WAYNE’S PALATIAL ESTATES - DAY 103
text: Establishing shot of Buck and Wayne’s enormous houses.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: ...And of course bigger egos.
scene_heading: INT. — CASABLANCA NIGHTCLUB - NIGHT 104
text: Wayne and Buck are standing on top of a table throwing
text: HUNDRED DOLLAR BILLS "making it rain" out to all the GUYS
text: AND GIRLS dancing around them. Jack nods in disbelief.
scene_heading: EXT. - VEGAS HOTEL - NIGHT 105
dialog: We are at the AVN awards. It’s the equivalent to the
dialog: Academy Awards for porn. It’s a real red carpet event
text: with a parade of producers, directors and porn stars.
text: Jack looks into CAMERA. He is being interviewed. In some
text: ways he’s a different person. Impeccably dressed, oozing
text: money and power. He’s clearly become a rock star.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What I think we’ve done better than
dialog: anyone is match the product, which is on
dialog: one side and make it more accessible to
dialog: the consumer who is on the other side. We
dialog: keep the entire interaction discreet and
dialog: professional. We never forget for one
dialog: moment that this is a business. And like
dialog: all businesses we exist by satisfying
dialog: both our content providers and our
dialog: content subscribers.
dialog: 106
dialog: 107
dialog: 67.
text: OVER A PARADE OF IMAGES OF PEOPLE ON THE RED CARPET...
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: You know the more time you spend around
dialog: all this stuff, the more normal it
dialog: becomes. It’s a world without any
dialog: filters. It may be crass and in your
text: face, but there is something incredibly
dialog: honest about all of it. The outside world
text: becomes increasingly strange and lame.
dialog: You know that most of the outside world
dialog: is looking down their nose at you, but
dialog: you also know at the same exact time, if
dialog: they were really honest with themselves,
dialog: they’d kill to be on the inside with you.
scene_heading: INT. - COCKTAIL PARTY - NIGHT 106
text: Jack talks to Robin and Alexandra. They are both holding
text: hands and are clearly an item.
text: Robin spots someone.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: Hey, did you meet Audrey?
text: Jack turns. It’s like he’s been punched in the face.
text: Across the room he locks eyes with AUDREY DAWN. She’s a
text: combination of smoldering heat and girlish charm.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: After all these years, everyone knew I
dialog: was a family man. But the second I saw
dialog: her, I knew I was in trouble.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. - COCKTAIL PARTY, PRIVATE BOOTH - NIGHT 107
text: Jack and Audrey sit off to the side away the action.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: So, you’re the talk of the town...
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: I am? What are you talking about? You
dialog: are. You're a rockstar. Everybody knows
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Everybody knows you, Audrey Dawn.
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Do you like that name? Audrey Dawn?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I like it.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: I made it up. I think it sounds happy.
dialog: You know, a good time had by all.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: How'd you get into this business?
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: It’s a long story...but I’m having fun.
dialog: Certain people are just good at certain
dialog: things. I’m good at all kinds of things,
dialog: and I’m not ashamed of it.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Apparently not.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: I think there’s just too much emphasis on
dialog: guilt. All this guilt, guilt, guilt.
dialog: Guilt for what? I’1l bet if you ask any
dialog: old timer in one of those old folks
dialog: homes, they’d tell you they regret the
dialog: stuff they didn’t do. Not the stuff that
dialog: they did do.
text: Jack listens.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I'd like to be in business with you.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: I’m not like your other sites. I only do
dialog: solo girl, just me, which seems to be
dialog: enough. On screen anyway...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: That’s fine.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: I keep getting ripped off.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: That won’t happen with me.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Any chance you can get all the money
dialog: that’s been ripped off from me so far?
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: No. But whatever you’re owed, I’1l pay
dialog: you that figure up front, if you come on
dialog: board.
text: She smiles.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Come on board? Good title.
scene_heading: 108 EXT. — PATIO - NIGHT 108
text: Jack steps outside to get a breath of fresh air. The
text: lights of Vegas glisten in the background. A few people
dialog: mill around.
text: Suddenly, Jack spots Haggerty, who stands almost in the
text: shadows, talking to a young porn starlet.
text: Haggerty excuses himself and moves over to Jack.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: Hey Jack. Things seem to be going well
dialog: for you, huh?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Yeah Jerry. What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: I have clients in all kinds of businesses
dialog: Jack, you know that.
text: Haggerty lights up a Cuban cigar and blows a perfect
text: smoke ring.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY (CONT’D)
dialog: Why did you cut me out?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I didn’t cut you out. I paid you two
dialog: hundred grand up front, before I even
dialog: knew if there was a deal, didn’t I?
text: Haggerty smiles and looks all around.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: Yeah. But look at all the money you’re
dialog: making. All the money... and no Jerry.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Come on Jerry, you’re under indictment.
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: Oh that’1l never stick Jack. You know I’m
dialog: too smart to end up behind bars.
text: Jack nods.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY (CONT’D)
dialog: I thought you said you'd be out ina
dialog: year.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I never said that.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: Sure you did. To the morons. They like
dialog: me Jack. I’m like a father confessor to
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Well everybody needs a church of some
dialog: kind.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: Yeah, but this isn’t like you. Why are
dialog: you still around? It can’t be because of
dialog: the money. You’re not greedy Jack. We
dialog: both know you’ve already made enough.
dialog: And it sure isn’t the pussy. You're a
dialog: married guy Jack. I mean I guess that’s
dialog: not saying much by today’s standards.
dialog: But you’re like a throwback, an actual
dialog: faithfully married man. So what is it?
dialog: What’s keeping you around?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Why don’t you just enjoy the party and
dialog: stop thinking so much.
text: Haggerty laughs. There’s hidden meaning to his laugh.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: Oh, but I just can’t help myself. I love
dialog: to think. I love hearing my brain go
dialog: clickity clickity click.
text: Jack nods and moves past him. Haggerty follows him
dialog: inside.
text: Jack moves over to Audrey. They begin to talk business.
text: Porn starlets begin to gather around the conversation.
text: It's obvious, they are the center of attention.
dialog: 109
dialog: 71.
text: Jack spots Haggerty talking with Buck and Wayne. It
text: clearly bothers him.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: I had a real problem with Haggerty. The
dialog: only reason he would tell me that he,
dialog: Buck, and Wayne still talked, is to put
dialog: some kind of fear into me. But how much
dialog: did he know? Buck and Wayne couldn’t be
dialog: stupid enough to tell him about the dead
dialog: Russian? Or could they? I mean could
dialog: anyone be that stupid?
text: ANGLE ON Buck and Wayne, who watch from the other side of
text: the room, with little attention being thrown their way
text: from ANYONE at the party.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: You ever get the feeling this partnership
dialog: ain’t such a real partnership?
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: He’s like Mick Jagger, and we’re like a
text: couple of roadies.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Yeah, that’s how he treats us. Like
dialog: we're roadies, right?
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Oh, relax. We’re rich, aren’t we?
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: Yeah, they were rich, alright. But
dialog: somehow guys like Wayne always think all
dialog: their shit is going to be taken away from
dialog: them.
scene_heading: INT. — SOFTWARE BILLING OFFICES - DAY 109
text: It’s colossal now. Workers moving to and fro. Wayne is
text: sneaking around the office, clearly up to something,
text: looking over his shoulder like he is about to commit the
text: crime of the century. He sneaks into the men’s room.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: I mean, here’s Wayne, worth well over
dialog: thirty million dollars in no time at all,
dialog: and this dumb bastard is stealing toilet
text: paper from the office.
dialog: 72.
scene_heading: INT. —- SOFTWARE BILLING OFFICES, MEN’S ROOM - DAY 110
text: Jack is on the toilet reading the Wall Street Journal and
text: taking a crap. He reaches over to the toilet paper
text: dispenser. There’s nothing there.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Jesus...
text: With his pants around his ankles, he begins checking
text: cabinet after cabinet. There is nothing.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Fuck!
scene_heading: RESUME PARTY...
text: Haggerty steps into frame.
text: Haggerty walks a few feet away and taps DENNY Z, 30, on
text: the back. Denny Z is thin with greasy black hair. If
dialog: Ichabod Crane was a pornographer, he’d be Denny....
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Denny Z was a bottom feeder and a
dialog: complete scumbag. The kind of person
dialog: you'd be embarrassed to spend time with.
dialog: In this business, that’s saying a lot.
text: Haggerty walks Denny over to Buck and Wayne.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: He was also the kind of guy, that after
dialog: you shook his hand, you wanted to boil
dialog: yours.
text: Denny shakes hands with Buck and then Wayne.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: Gentlemen, this is the legendary Denny
dialog: Z...One of the best producers out there.
dialog: His site is something you should really
dialog: look into.
speaker_heading: DENNY Z
dialog: I have some real interesting ideas on the
dialog: site's future, man. I want to set up a
dialog: sick-ass portal for my premium members,
dialog: fucking cutting edge shit man.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: I like what I'm hearing so far...
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Me too...That's brilliant, right?
speaker_heading: DENNY Z
dialog: I haven't even told you anything.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: Don't worry about it. Fuck the details,
dialog: let's make a deal!
text: Denny smiles. That was easy enough. They all shake hands.
speaker_heading: JUMP CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. - CASABLANCA - NIGHT 111
text: Jack's club is packed to the rafters. Music is blasting,
text: people are dancing.
text: ANGLE ON: a private section. The VIP lounge. Jack sits on
text: a sofa sipping a bourbon. Audrey sits next to him, a
text: dirty martini with three olives in her hand. James stands
text: above the table. James and Jack clasp hands. James sits
dialog: with them.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Good to see you back.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: It’s good to be back.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Like old times.
dialog: (to Audrey)
dialog: I remember him before he was such a big
text: shot. He was just a little shot then.
text: They all laugh.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: How'd you get this place?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Well, I’m living in Houston and I get a
dialog: call from a friend to take over for a
dialog: while because he got ill. I came out here
dialog: and very quickly figured out that
dialog: everybody was ripping this place off. I
dialog: fired a whole bunch of people and turned
dialog: the place around, my friend couldn't work
dialog: any more, so now its mine..
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Not surprising.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: With a club you’ve got to keep your eye
dialog: on everything. It’s a cash business and
dialog: everyone’s looking to rip you off.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: That's why he’s got me. See if anybody
dialog: steal’s from him, I go and kick their
dialog: ass. I can’t have any crooks or thieves
dialog: around here, because I’m too busy
dialog: stealing from Jack myself.
text: They laugh again. James spots the bartender pocketing a
dialog: few dollars.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: (re: bartender)
dialog: Like that motherfucker right there...
text: James gets up.
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: Excuse me.
text: James heads off towards the bar.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: So let me guess, you start to spend less
dialog: and less time at home. Your wife and kids
dialog: become strangers to you, and now you find
dialog: yourself lost and confused with a twenty
dialog: three year old pornstar. Accurate?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You make it sound so cliche.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Well it is, isn’t it? It’s the oldest
dialog: story in the world. It’s a carbon copy of
dialog: my house growing up. Absentee father.
text: Working all the time. A self obsessed
text: mother. Fifty, trying to look twenty
text: five. Cocktails at noon. Eight vicodins a
dialog: day. Her idea of a well rounded
dialog: conversation usually consisted of deep
dialog: questions like, “Do I look puffy?”
text: Jack laughs.
text: Suddenly there is a commotion over by the bar.
dialog: 75.
text: ANGLE ON: James roues the bartender, lifting him up by
text: his shirt. The bartender pleads with him.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: It was a tip! I swear, it was a tip!
text: James looks around at everyone in the bar. All eyes are
text: on them. James slowly puts the bartender back down onto
text: his feet and cleans him up.
text: We go back to Jack and Audrey.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: I keep waiting for that inevitable
dialog: question.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What question is that?
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Oh, you know. How did I choose this line
dialog: of work? How did a beautiful girl like me
text: who's obviously smart, jump into the porn
dialog: business with both pumps?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Well, since you brought it up...yeah, I’m
dialog: curious.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: I was a tech geek, going to college to be
dialog: a software engineer. Trying to get as far
dialog: away from my mother as possible. I could
dialog: build websites better and faster than
dialog: anyone. Some of my girlfriends and I
dialog: stripped on the side to put ourselves
dialog: through school and then one of them asked
dialog: me to build her a website. So I did. When
dialog: I saw the money that she made from it I
dialog: knew it was the "goldrush"...I had to
dialog: jump in. I would do almost anything for
dialog: money to make myself independent. It was
dialog: a very easy decision.
text: Jack looks at her, realizing that Audrey has an eerily
text: similar story to his own.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Wow...a tech geek?
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: I’ve got an IQ that tests off the charts.
dialog: No bullshit. I’m in MENSA.
dialog: 112
dialog: 113
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Impressive.
text: Audrey smiles and sips her drink. She looks at Jack. She
text: leans over to kiss him. Jack resists.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Are you crazy?
text: She leans in again and Jack gives in. They start kissing.
scene_heading: EXT. - ROAD NEAR AIRPORT - DAY 112
text: Diana’s car drives along.
scene_heading: INT. - DIANA'S CAR - DAY 113
text: Diana drives Jack home from the airport. Jack looks stiff
text: as a board, GUILT RIDDEN. Both of them have obviously
text: been quiet for a long time, when Diana breaks the
dialog: silence.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: You're quiet...
text: Jack says nothing.
speaker_heading: DIANA (CONT'D)
dialog: Like I said...
text: Jack gazes out the window, saying nothing, until...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You know, when I was a kid, we were broke
dialog: all the time. I know I’ve told you this a
dialog: thousand times, but lately, I’ve been
dialog: thinking a lot about my father. He always
dialog: put food on the table, but I knew, even
dialog: as a little kid, he was making miracles
dialog: happen. That everything he was doing,
dialog: came from this minute by minute kind of
dialog: thinking. He had no education and no
dialog: fear.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Well, you seem to survive well, ina
dialog: chaotic universe.
text: Jack nods.
dialog: 114
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Yeah, well, that’s one of my talents.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: And the other talent you've got is to
dialog: create a big mess so you feel at home.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What are you saying?
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: You’re so much better than this.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What am I doing wrong?
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: You don’t know?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: No. Not really.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: It's just so horrible that I can’t tell
dialog: people what you do.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: And why is that important to you?
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: It’s not important to you? What about our
dialog: children? How do you think they’re going
dialog: to handle it? When they find out what
dialog: their daddy does?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: If we’ve raised them the right way, which
dialog: I think we have, I assume they’1l be
dialog: alright.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: You haven't been raising them. I’ve been
dialog: raising them. You’re never home.
scene_heading: INT. - JACK'S HOUSTON HOUSE, BEDROOM - NIGHT 114
text: Jack and Diana are in bed. Jack reaches for her. Their
text: hands meet. She turns over and faces him. They look into
text: each other's eyes, Jack wanting to find redemption, Diana
text: wanting things to be as they were. They kiss.
dialog: 78.
text: It's passionate and wonderful. She unbuttons her silk
text: pajama blouse. He kisses her breasts. She pulls down her
text: silk pajama bottoms, giving herself up to him. He begins
text: kissing her thighs, moving his way up.
text: The light from the hall falls across her vagina.
text: It's hairy, like a real woman’s vagina. Not a shaved porn
dialog: starlets.
text: Jack stares at it for a moment.
text: CLOSE UP, the pubic hairs look like a jungle. We hear the
text: distant sound of African drumming and animals screeching
text: as we read Jack’s thoughts.
text: RESUME Jack, he pulls away. Diana is still lost in the
dialog: moment.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Nothing...
text: Getting angry.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: What? What is it?
text: It hits her.
speaker_heading: DIANA (CONT'D)
dialog: You sick fuck.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. - PRIVATE JET - DAY 115
text: Jack sits in the plush jet, staring out the window.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: So now I’m flying back to LA. I’m feeling
dialog: like it’s pretty much over between me and
dialog: Diana. She was right. I wasn’t there
dialog: anymore. I'd become addicted to a
dialog: lifestyle of money, sex and power that
dialog: was light years away from family, or
dialog: anything I had ever experienced.
dialog: 116
dialog: 79.
scene_heading: INT. — LIMOUSINE - DAY 116
text: Jack looks out the back of the limo as he rides around
dialog: the streets of LA.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: You see the biggest problem with my
dialog: addiction, was that like all addictions,
dialog: it sneaks up on you slowly. You give into
text: it, incrementally. In an almost
dialog: imperceptible way. The other thing about
dialog: it was that it wasn’t the kind of
dialog: addiction where you'd wake up with a
dialog: hangover.
scene_heading: EXT. - AUDREY’S HOUSE - DAY 117
text: The limo pulls up to Audrey’s house. Jack gets out.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: It wasn’t the kind of thing that would
dialog: rob you of your life. It didn’t rob you
dialog: of your wealth.
text: Jack walks up the path and knocks on the door.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: The more I indulged, the richer it would
dialog: make me. I’ve got to tell you, that’s
dialog: impossible to give up.
text: The door opens to reveal Audrey. She is a vision.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: So I gave in.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. — AUDREY’S HOUSE, BEDROOM - DAY 118
text: They have just finished. Jack is staring at the ceiling.
text: Audrey's head rests on his chest.
text: With every heartbeat Jack looks more conflicted.
text: Jack sits up. The curtains ruffle in the breeze. Jack
text: watches them.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: I can hear your thoughts.
dialog: 120
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I believe you. You don't have to tell
dialog: them to me.
text: A LONG BEAT.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: You like post orgasm silence, huh?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Don't we all.
text: Audrey smiles at him...
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Aww you're so sweet, Jack. You don't have
dialog: to be mean just ‘cause you feel so
dialog: guilty. Do you need me to let you off the
dialog: hook?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Despite what you think, you don't have
dialog: that kind of power.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Don't kid yourself. I'm younger, I'm
dialog: hotter...You like my pussy way more
text: because it's tighter and prettier.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Why the poetry?
speaker_heading: AUDREY
text: It's one of my weaknesses. I hide behind
dialog: my wit when I sense an attack coming.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Well, brace yourself...
text: He kisses her. They begin to kiss passionately.
scene_heading: EXT. - HOLLYWOOD PARK RACETRACK ESTABLISHING - DAY 119
text: It’s a sunny day.
scene_heading: INT. - EXECUTIVE CLUB - CONTINUOUS 120
text: Jack sits at a table with Audrey. They are looking at
text: racing forms.
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You actually know what all this stuff
dialog: means?
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Yeah, this shows the horse’s past
dialog: performances. This is the last time he
dialog: ran. This indicates how often the horse
dialog: is run. See? This horse ran three times
dialog: in the last three weeks. So it might be
dialog: tired. And this horse here. It runs well
text: on a sloppy track. This shows the class
dialog: of horse. Just because a horse won its
dialog: last few races, doesn’t mean it’s going
dialog: to win against a different class of
dialog: horse...
text: A waiter brings them a bottle of champagne.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: We didn’t order this.
speaker_heading: WAITER
text: Courtesy of Mr. Sokoloff.
text: Jack turns. Nikita Sokoloff is seated about ten tables
text: away. He waives. Jack nods, putting on his best bullshit
dialog: smile.
text: He turns to Audrey.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I‘'ll be right back.
text: Jack moves over to Nikita’s table. Nikita offers a seat
dialog: to Jack.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Thanks...
text: They sit alongside each other.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: That’s very kind of you.
speaker_heading: NIKITA
dialog: Did you know that the FBI is following
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What?
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: NIKITA
dialog: Don’t look. Don’t react. I’m just telling
dialog: you that those two men at that table
dialog: overlooking yours, are with the FBI.
dialog: Organized Crime task force. I know them
dialog: because they practically put me to bed at
dialog: night.
text: Jack laughs.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What makes you so sure they’re following
dialog: me?
speaker_heading: NIKITA
dialog: What makes you so sure they’re not?
text: Jack turns and sneaks a peak at the table. Two big guys
text: in suits, CURT ALLMAN and BILL ROMERO, pretend to be
text: reading their racing forms.
speaker_heading: NIKITA (CONT'D)
dialog: They’re also terrible actors. They stick
dialog: out like sore thumb, don’t you think?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: That doesn’t mean they're following me.
speaker_heading: NIKITA
dialog: Do you see the man seated at the table
dialog: next to them? The one on the cell phone?
dialog: That’s my cousin Yuri. They follow me.
dialog: He follows them. He called me a moment
dialog: ago and said they were talking about you.
dialog: Not me. Isn’t that refreshing? Maybe
dialog: they tuck you in tonight, no?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: There’s no reason for them to be
dialog: following me. I’m just a business man.
text: Nikita laughs heartily.
speaker_heading: NIKITA
dialog: Aren't we all?
text: Nikita waves across the room at Audrey. She returns the
dialog: wave.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You know her?
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: NIKITA
dialog: Yes. She danced at my clubs. Nice girl.
text: Jack returns to the table and sits down by Audrey.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: How do you know Nikita Sokoloff?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I did some business with him years ago.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Yeah? Me too.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You danced at his clubs huh?
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Yeah, and his scumbag lawyer is the one
dialog: responsible for me losing all that money
dialog: on my site before I started doing
dialog: business with you.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Nikita set me up with his lawyer to do my
dialog: contracts when I started my site. He
dialog: really fucked me over.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What lawyer? I don’t get it.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Jerry Haggerty. Fucking scumbag. Worst
dialog: tipper ever by the way.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Jerry Haggerty is Nikita Sokoloff's
dialog: lawyer?
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Yep. Why, you know him?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Motherfucker. Let’s go!
text: Jack grabs Audrey by the arm and rushes out.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 121
dialog: 122
scene_heading: EXT. —- HAGGERTY’S HOUSE - NIGHT - SAME
text: Jack is banging on the door. The door opens a crack,
text: revealing Haggerty’s face. Jack forces his way in.
scene_heading: INT. - HAGGERTY’S HOUSE, LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: They back into the house.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: Oh hey Jack. What a surprise...
text: Jack takes a few steps inside and looks around. It’s
text: empty except for a TV on a box and an old sofa.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY (CONT’D)
dialog: I’m sorry there’s no place to sit. I’m
text: having the house remodeled.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You're Sokoloff’s lawyer?
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: Well, yeah, in a manner of speaking.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Don’t fuck around with me Jerry.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: Yeah, yeah, of course. I’m his lawyer.
dialog: How do you think I found out about this
dialog: situation in the first place?
text: Jack looks Haggerty right in the eye.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You're the one that ripped me off!
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: With that big fucking Russian Ivan! That
dialog: was you, I know it was you. He came to my
dialog: house and asked me for double what was
dialog: owed, and some of that was meant for you.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: Alright, alright. So I tried to take a
dialog: little skim for Christ’s sakes. You're
dialog: making what?
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 84.
dialog: 121
dialog: 122
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY (CONT'D)
dialog: Close to a hundred million now? And you
dialog: throw me chump change. That ain’t right
dialog: Jack. And what do I get? “Thanks for
dialog: putting this all together, Jerry?” That
dialog: ain’t right, and you know it
dialog: motherfucker.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: No, your his lawyer MOTHERFUCKER, he
dialog: should take care of you out of his end.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: Aw shit, Jack. I owed them money. I
dialog: borrowed money from them on some shit
dialog: that didn’t go right. I owed them so much
dialog: money, they were beating the crap out of
dialog: me, and using me for my legal services.
dialog: Then Ivan, the one who ripped both of us
dialog: off, it was his job to come over and
dialog: collect. Sometimes I had the money,
dialog: sometimes I didn’t.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You stay away from me. I’ve paid my debt
dialog: to you.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: Yeah, well that ain’t the way I see it,
dialog: Jack.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I’m serious. You and me are finished.
text: Jack starts heading for the door.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: We're not finished. We can’t be. You’re
dialog: the one that killed Ivan, right?
text: Jack stops. He turns slowly.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What did you just say?
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: I mean, you must have killed him. He’s
text: gone. Vanished. Like into thin air.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: It's pretty obvious to me, he took the
dialog: money and left.
dialog: 123
dialog: 124
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: Yeah, I thought that too for a while. But
dialog: I don’t think he would just run off with
dialog: four hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
dialog: I mean, he might try to start a new life
dialog: with four or five million, but not chump
dialog: change like that. It doesn’t make any
dialog: sense. I know you had something to do
dialog: with it.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: If you even suspected it, you’d be
dialog: bleeding me dry by now.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: Either that or waiting to catch the big
dialog: fish.
text: Jack moves over to Jerry.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: If you even think of repeating this
dialog: conversation, I mean, even in jest, I
dialog: swear to God Jerry, I'll throw you off a
dialog: fucking roof...I didn’t kill anybody.
text: Jack heads for the door.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: Sure thing, Jack. Don’t get so uptight.
dialog: We're just two guys talking.
scene_heading: INT. - JACK’S SAN PEDRO HOUSE, LIVING ROOM AREA - NIGHT 123
text: Jack opens the door. He takes off his jacket and tosses
text: it onto a chair. He rubs his face as he slowly heads for
dialog: the bedroom.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: I was hoping to carve out just a moment
dialog: of peace. Close my eyes and dream up a
dialog: solution. Something really romantic, like
text: Haggerty getting hit by a bus, or Wayne
text: and Buck spontaneously combusting...but
dialog: no such luck.
scene_heading: INT. — JACK'S SAN PEDRO HOUSE, BEDROOM - NIGHT 124
text: Jack enters the bedroom. Audrey is sitting on the bed in
text: a robe, painting her toe nails. She looks up at Jack.
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: The FBI was just here.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: The FBI? About what?
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: What she told me next, I couldn’t fucking
dialog: believe.
speaker_heading: FLASH CUT:
scene_heading: 125 INT. - JACK’S SAN PEDRO HOUSE, LIVING ROOM AREA - EARLIER25
text: Allman and Romero sit across from Audrey. The agents are
text: very much in control. Audrey is a nervous wreck.
speaker_heading: ALLMAN
dialog: Do you know anything about terrorists,
dialog: Audrey?
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: What kind of terrorism are you referring
dialog: to? Do you mean national, international,
dialog: eco, bio or just the straight up bad
dialog: asses?
text: Audrey and Allman lock eyes. He’s a little taken aback.
speaker_heading: ALLMAN
dialog: Middle Eastern terrorists, Audrey.
dialog: It seems that you have several high
dialog: ranking members of a terrorist
dialog: organization who are big fans of your
dialog: website.
speaker_heading: FLASH CUT:
scene_heading: 126 INT. —- GERMAN APARTMENT - DAY 126
text: We see a terrorist member jerking off to Audrey's
dialog: website.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: Apparently, some terrorist in Hamburg,
dialog: that Interpol was on the hunt for, was
dialog: obsessed with Audrey. It turned out that
dialog: they could literally track his
dialog: whereabouts when he was logged onto the
dialog: site.
dialog: 127
dialog: 128
dialog: 129
dialog: 130
dialog: 88.
text: The guy clearly shoots his load. His eyes roll up in his
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. - GERMAN APARTMENT - DAY 127
text: The terrorist member types on his computer.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: Now apparently, he likes Audrey’s website
text: so much, he e-mails another terrorist in
dialog: Afghanistan...
scene_heading: INT. — AFGHANISTAN APARTMENT —- DAY 128
text: The Afghani terrorist gets the e-mail, finds the website,
text: and he begins jerking off.
text: The screen begins splitting up with different terrorists
text: jerking off to Audrey’s website.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: Pretty soon you've got a worldwide
dialog: terrorist circle jerk all because of
dialog: Audrey's site.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. —- PAKISTAN, HUT - DAY 129
text: The last terrorist jerks off in a small hut, Audrey’s
text: site up on his computer. She’s doing her thing, playing
text: with a dildo. The terrorist, just as he’s about to blow
text: his load, hears the distinct whistle that accompanies an
text: incoming missile.
scene_heading: EXT. - PAKISTAN, HUT - DAY 130
text: The hut explodes into a fireball.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
text: It turns out that they’re scrambling F-
text: 16's off of air craft carriers whenever
dialog: Audrey Dawn was doing her thing.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 131
dialog: 132
dialog: 89.
scene_heading: RESUME THE BEDROOM 131
text: Off of Jack’s incredulous face...
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: They weren't sure if we would volunteer
dialog: to help them. I think they were trying to
dialog: figure out a way to force you into it,
dialog: but they didn’t have anything
dialog: compromising on you.
text: She moves closer to him. They kiss.
speaker_heading: AUDREY (CONT'D)
dialog: This is crazy, huh?
text: She keeps kissing him.
speaker_heading: AUDREY (CONT'D)
dialog: I mean, we’re gonna be like spies.
dialog: Working for the government.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: It was all so crazy. A twenty three year
dialog: old porn star was about become a major
dialog: component in George Bush’s war on terror.
scene_heading: INT. —- SOFTWARE BILLING OFFICES, MEN’S ROOM - DAY 132
text: Wayne is in the middle of stealing toilet paper, shoving
text: it into paper bags. Buck is checking his nose to make
dialog: sure there are no cocaine crumbs anywhere.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: Unfortunately, Wayne and Buck were
dialog: becoming increasingly convinced that they
dialog: were entrepreneurs and no longer needed
dialog: my guidance. Now what I didn’t know at
dialog: the time, was that they had finally put
dialog: together what Denny Z was up to with
dialog: their new secret website.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Under eighteen? You mean over eighteen?
dialog: Or barely eighteen? Or just eighteen? You
dialog: heard wrong, right?
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: No. I saw it. These are underage girls,
dialog: man.
dialog: 133
dialog: 134
dialog: 90.
text: Wayne freezes up. He’s clearly petrified.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Oh shit. That ain’t good, man. Jack is
dialog: gonna kill us.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Kill us? We can go to jail for shit like
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: What do we do? I mean this is totally
dialog: fucked, right?
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Whatever we do, we just keep it cool. We
dialog: say nothing. We’ll figure out something.
scene_heading: INT. - SOFTWARE BILLING OFFICES, RECEPTION AREA - DAY 133
text: Wayne and Buck enter the office, trying to appear “cool”.
text: The hot female RECEPTIONIST motions for them to come
dialog: over.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: Hey guys, the FBI is here.
text: Wayne turns white as a ghost.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Wh...huh...what?
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: Yeah, they’re in there talking to Jack.
scene_heading: INT. - SOFTWARE BILLING OFFICES, JACK’S OFFICE - DAY 134
text: Allman and Romero sit across from Jack.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Terrorists?
speaker_heading: ROMERO
dialog: That’s correct.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: And Audrey?
speaker_heading: ROMERO
dialog: Right.
dialog: gl.
speaker_heading: ALLMAN
dialog: We've noticed a pattern with their
dialog: viewing. First, they prefer solo or girl
dialog: on girl to hardcore. They’1l watch it,
text: but they’re incredibly homophobic.
dialog: Second, they enjoy sites with military
dialog: themes.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Military themes?
speaker_heading: ROMERO
text: Girls posing with guns and the like.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: ALLMAN
dialog: So here is what the government is
dialog: recommending. We recommend that Audrey
text: open up a new section to her site under a
dialog: separate payment plan.
text: ANGLE ON the outside of Jack’s office. Buck and Wayne
text: sneak up and begin listening in.
speaker_heading: ROMERO
text: A portal.
speaker_heading: ALLMAN
dialog: We will then monitor the activity to that
dialog: portal through you. We feel this will be
dialog: most effective.
text: ANGLE ON Buck and Wayne outside the office. They whisper
dialog: to each other.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Oh shit, oh shit. What the fuck are we
dialog: gonna do? We gotta do something. We gotta
dialog: do something, right!
speaker_heading: ALLMAN
dialog: You're doing your country a great
dialog: service.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: So now these two idiots are convinced
dialog: that the FBI and I are conspiring against
dialog: them. Meanwhile, I have no fucking idea
dialog: what’s going on with them. They go into a
dialog: panic, and who do they go see...?
dialog: 92.
scene_heading: 135 EXT. - LAS VEGAS COUNTRY CLUB, RESTAURANT - DAY 135
text: Haggerty sits with Buck and Wayne on the patio of the
text: restaurant which overlooks a golf course.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: You know what pisses me off? Whenever you
dialog: got problems you come running my way. If
dialog: you got Russians that want to kill you,
dialog: or you’re worried about the FBI because
dialog: of some sixteen year old on your website,
dialog: suddenly I’m your best friend.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: It’s not like that.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: Bullshit.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: How bad is it?
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: Minors fucking on a website? Oh, that’s
dialog: bad.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: It's not like it’s kiddie porn. They’re
dialog: not kids. It’s just that a couple of the
dialog: girls are sixteen or seventeen or
dialog: something like that.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: I’m not so sure the government shares
dialog: your gift of nuance. A minor’s a minor.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: So what do we do?
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: You two knuckleheads should dump this
dialog: Denny Z and get as far away from this as
dialog: you can.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: What? Your the fucking guy who introduced
dialog: him to us...told us to get into business
dialog: with him!
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: That I do not recall but it's really
dialog: irrelevant now, isn't it?
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Well it's a little relevant, right?...Am
dialog: I right? You brought this on us.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: Gentleman, please...Nobody likes to have
text: a finger pointed at them. I demand the
dialog: same respect I show you jerk-offs.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: How do we make this disappear, man?
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Hey wait. Let’s not get too rash here.
dialog: This website’s the hottest thing we've
dialog: got going.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: Well then keep the website and see what
dialog: happens to you.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Hey look. We see more money from this
dialog: than anything else.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: Let me ask you something. How much are
dialog: you two bozos worth?
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: I don’t know.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Yeah, it’s kind of hard to keep track
dialog: when it keeps coming in, right?
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: Well what is it? Give me a ballpark. A
dialog: hundred million?
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Yeah, I guess something like that.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: And you couldn’t cut me in for a slice of
dialog: this?
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Look, Jack said you were under indictment
dialog: and he didn’t want the FBI all over us.
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: Well that little plan didn’t work out too
dialog: well, now did it?
text: Buck thinks about this.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Let’s partner up.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: Sure. What about Jack? You gonna talk to
dialog: him about me?
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: We'll figure something out.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: You'd better, and get rid of that fucking
dialog: website. You don’t walk away from this,
dialog: you're gonna get tagged, bagged and
text: fagged in a federal prison.
text: They nod. They reach over to shake hands.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Hey thanks for everything. You're a real
dialog: friend.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Yeah, right?
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: But they didn’t get rid of the website.
dialog: They were so fucking greedy and stupid,
dialog: they couldn’t stand the thought of losing
dialog: a million dollars a month. So they kept
dialog: the site rolling without telling
dialog: Haggerty.
scene_heading: 136 EXT. - PRIVATE AIRPORT, TERMINAL - DAY 136
text: Buck, Wayne and Haggerty are saying their good-byes.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: Now you’re sure you’ve told me
dialog: everything? I’m serious here, I don’t
dialog: want to get blind sided by something and
dialog: we all end up in court together.
text: Wayne and Buck exchange glances.
dialog: 137
dialog: 138
dialog: 139
dialog: 140
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY (CONT’D)
dialog: I knew it. There’s something you didn’t
dialog: tell me.
text: Wayne and Buck glance at each other one more time and
dialog: start talking.
speaker_heading: FLASH CUT:
scene_heading: EXT. — RENTAL CABIN CRUISER - DUSK 137
text: Buck and Wayne watch as Jack and the bouncers toss Ivan’s
text: body overboard.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: And before you know it, Buck and Wayne
dialog: told Haggerty about the dead Russian...
speaker_heading: FLASH CUT:
scene_heading: EXT. - UNDERWATER - NIGHT 138
text: We see Ivan’s body sinking to the ocean bottom.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: Every last fucking detail about how one
dialog: of my bouncers accidentally killed him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: RESUME EXT. - PRIVATE AIRPORT, TERMINAL - DAY 139
text: Buck and Wayne finish their story. Off Haggerty’s
dialog: smile...
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: Now this scumbag’s got me in the worst
dialog: possible position. Fuck me...
scene_heading: INT. - JACK’S HOUSTON HOUSE - DAY 140
text: Jack and Diana sit at the kitchen table in complete
dialog: silence.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: So, I guess we're talking about a divorce
dialog: then, aren’t we?
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Well, we just can’t go on like this,
dialog: Jack. I despise the hypocrisy.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I understand.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: No. I don’t think you do.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Look, Diana, I’m still in love with you.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Oh bullshit...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I am. You’re the one that pushed me out.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: I pushed you out? You pushed yourself
dialog: out. You jumped out. I don’t care how you
dialog: spin it, disguise it, camouflage it, or
dialog: homogenize it, you’re a flesh peddler and
dialog: you disgust me. And I don’t want any part
dialog: of it.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Yeah, just the hundred million dollars
dialog: please.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Oh, you really make me sick.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Bullshit. You feel okay taking it because
dialog: it’s one step removed from you. Somehow
dialog: that makes it all okay?
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Yeah, in my mind that’s just fine.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Well then you're using my argument
dialog: against me. Who’s the hypocrite now,
dialog: Diana?
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Oh fuck you, don’t you get sanctimonious
dialog: with me. You ruined my body with three
dialog: children and then dumped me for some
dialog: little, fucking whore.
dialog: 141
dialog: 142
text: Jack says nothing.
speaker_heading: DIANA (CONT'D)
dialog: Well, if you think she’s fucking you
dialog: good, wait till you see me in action.
text: Jack looks at her. His body deflates.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Fine Diana, do whatever you want. I won’t
dialog: argue with you. I know I’ve got it
dialog: coming...
text: He slowly turns and heads out.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: So after that lovely scene, I headed back
dialog: to LA.
scene_heading: INT. — JACK'S SAN PEDRO HOUSE - BEDROOM - MORNING
dialog: 97.
dialog: 141
text: Jack and Audrey are in bed, her head on his chest. Jack’s
text: cell phone rings. Jack picks up the phone.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: vean? (into phone)
dialog: eah?
scene_heading: INT. — JACK'S HOUSTON HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Diana is on the other end of the phone. She’s upset.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Our son has been arrested!
scene_heading: INTERCUT AS NECESSARY
text: Jack sits up.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Our son has been arrested!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Why? What do you mean? What did he do?
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: God damn it Jack!
dialog: 142
dialog: 143
dialog: 144
dialog: 145
dialog: 146
dialog: 147
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I’m on my way.
scene_heading: EXT. — PRIVATE JET - DAY 143
text: The jet sails through the air.
scene_heading: INT. - PRIVATE JET - DAY 144
text: Jack is seated on the plane, staring out the window.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: I was on my way to Houston within an
dialog: hour. It turns out that Michael, my
dialog: oldest son, didn't like a few of his
dialog: grades so he hacked into the school's
dialog: computer system and changed them to his
dialog: liking.
scene_heading: INT. —- DEAN'S OFFICE - DAY 145
text: Jack and Diana sit opposite DEAN LOOMIS, the headmaster
text: of the school. They are both extremely animated.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: So Diana and I went to see the head of
text: the school, Dean Loomis. After some
dialog: intense discussion and a generous
dialog: donation towards the school's new
dialog: gymnasium, we finally convinced him to
dialog: drop the charges against Michael.
scene_heading: INT. - JACK'S HOUSTON HOUSE - DAY 146
text: Jack is yelling into the phone. Diana sits nervously in
dialog: the background.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: But that wasn't enough. It turns out the
dialog: Houston DA was looking to make an example
dialog: of my son, and was proceeding with the
dialog: charges regardless.
scene_heading: EXT. -— HOUSTON CITY HALL - DAY 147
text: Jack walks into the building carrying a briefcase.
dialog: 148
dialog: 149
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: So I decided to pay him a visit.
scene_heading: INT. - CITY HALL, DA'S OUTER OFFICE, - DAY 148
text: Jack walks past the secretary.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: Excuse me. Do you have an appointment?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: No.
text: Jack goes into the office anyway, the secretary running
dialog: after him.
scene_heading: INT. - CITY HALL, DA'S OFFICE - DAY 149
text: Jack walks right in and sits down opposite the DA, FRANK
text: GRIFFIN, briefcase at his side. The secretary comes in
dialog: after him.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: My name is Jack Harris. I believe we
dialog: spoke on the phone earlier.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: I'm sorry Mr. Griffin, he just walked
dialog: past.
text: Frank waives her off. She walks out of the office.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I'm not going to change my position Mr.
dialog: Harris. Your son committed a serious
text: crime and although he's still a minor,
dialog: the state of Texas will prosecute him to
dialog: the full extent of the law.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Look, Mr. Griffin, he's a kid. He dida
dialog: stupid thing. I've severely reprimanded
dialog: him for it. The school doesn't even want
dialog: to press charges. Do we really need to go
dialog: forward with this?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Mr. Harris, let me lay this out for you.
dialog: I've got people, voters, upstanding
dialog: citizens, who I am responsible to. I have
dialog: to answer to them.
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: And these people want to see my son tried
dialog: for this?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Well maybe the acorn didn't fall too far
text: from the tree.
text: Jack shifts in his seat.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: So that's what this is all about? This is
dialog: more about me than my son?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Well, we both know what you do for a
dialog: living. You deal in pornography.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I run a billing company.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: But you still deal with pornography.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: No more than any hotel chain. No more
dialog: than any satellite or cable company. I'm
dialog: just a middle man.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Look, I don't want to get into semantics.
dialog: You're a pornographer. You peddle
text: pornography over the Internet.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: We're getting off the subject.
dialog: (a delicious beat)
dialog: Let's focus on why we're here.
text: Jack picks up his briefcase. He opens it. He drops a
text: stack of fax material onto Frank's desk.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: What's this?
text: Jack picks up one of the sheets and reads.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Youngtightpussy.com.
dialog: Splendorintheass.com.
dialog: Blacksonblondes.com. This is your billing
dialog: record, Mr. Griffin.
dialog: 150
dialog: 151
dialog: 101.
text: The blood drains from Frank's face. Jack then produces a
text: manila envelope from his briefcase. It's stamped and
text: addressed to the Houston Chronicle.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Now God forbid this were to fall into the
text: wrong hands and end up on the front page
dialog: of tomorrow's paper. Can you imagine what
dialog: that would do to a campaign in this nice,
dialog: upstanding city? Especially to a man
dialog: whose voter base is a bunch of good, God
dialog: fearing Christian conservatives? I mean,
dialog: that would be terrible.
text: FREEZE FRAME: on Frank's face.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Needless to say, the charges were
dialog: dropped.
scene_heading: EXT. - AIRPORT - EVENING 150
text: The Software Billing private jet pulls up to the
dialog: terminal.
scene_heading: INT. - DIANA’S CAR - DAY 151
text: Jack and Diana sit, watching the jet pull up. They are
text: both incredibly tense.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: There’s a part of me that hates what you
dialog: did to that man. But there is also a part
dialog: of me that misses...
text: She begins choking on her tears...
speaker_heading: DIANA (CONT'D)
dialog: ..-being protected by you like that. I’m
dialog: so lost right now...I’m so angry...and
dialog: I’m so confused.
text: Jack turns to her.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Diana...
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Please, get out.
text: Jack nods and gets out of the car.
dialog: 152
dialog: 153
dialog: 154
dialog: 102.
scene_heading: INT. — SOFTWARE BILLING OFFICES - DAY 152
text: Jack heads down the hallway to JOSH POSNER’s office, one
dialog: of his engineers.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: I wasn’t back in LA ten minutes before
dialog: the shit hit the fan.
scene_heading: INT. —- SOFTWARE BILLING OFFICES, JOSH’S OFFICE - DAY 153
text: Josh's office is scarce, except for a calendar on the
text: wall. He sits in front of his computer with Jack looking
text: over his shoulder.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: When I was looking for dirt on the DA I
dialog: came across this website. It’s under Buck
dialog: and Wayne’s domain, but it’s not billed
dialog: by us.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: It’s not billed by us? Then who the hell
dialog: is it billed to?
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: You're not gonna like this.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: Denny Z.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: This is bad.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: It gets worse.
scene_heading: INT. - SOFTWARE BILLING OFFICES, CONFERENCE ROOM - DAY 154
text: Wayne and Buck sit in the conference room with Robin
text: Swallow and Alexandra Raynes. They talk business, but one
dialog: has the feeling one of their films could break out any
dialog: point.
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDRA
dialog: We’ve found that the scenes where we are
dialog: apart just do not hold the audience's
dialog: attention.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: We want to start a new series of films
text: called, Sixty nine from behind.
text: Suddenly, Jack bursts into the room. He zeroes in on Buck
dialog: and Wayne.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Are you out of your fucking minds?!?
text: Before they can react, Jack jumps across the table. Wayne
text: is the closest. Jack grabs him by the throat and begins
text: choking the life out of him.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Underage girls! Are you out of your
dialog: fucking mind!?!
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Relax Jack, relax! You're gonna kill him.
text: Robin starts screaming.
speaker_heading: ROBIN
dialog: Stop it! Stop it! Stop it!
text: Jack releases his grip a bit on Wayne’s throat. Wayne
dialog: fights to breathe.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: We were gonna tell you Jack, I swear!
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Yeah, we just didn’t know how.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: We didn’t know that Denny Z fucked us,
dialog: either!
text: Jack shoves Wayne against the wall.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Where is he?
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: I don’t know.
dialog: 155
dialog: 156
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Where the hell is he?!?
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: I don’t know. We hardly talk. Maybe at
text: that house they shoot at in the Valley.
text: Jack storms out.
scene_heading: EXT. - RESEDA HOUSE - NIGHT 155
text: Jack screeches up in his Mercedes. We can hear thumping
text: bass of the music coming from inside.
scene_heading: INT. - RESEDA HOUSE - NIGHT 156
text: Jack enters. The place is dark. Lights flash. Music is
text: blasting. In the hallway, paces away, is a couple
text: fucking. Jack stares. He steps around them.
text: THE FOLLOWING SEQUENCE IS A ONE LONG SHOT WITHOUT CUTTING
text: Jack heads into the living room. It’s a tangle of flesh.
text: Close to twenty people fucking in all positions in the
text: darkness and intermittent light. It’s like Dante’s
dialog: Inferno.
text: Jack moves through the crowds of sexual partners.
text: He moves to the dining room. Couples are on tables.
text: Chairs. Up against walls.
text: He moves through the kitchen. More fucking. Couples play
dialog: with whipped cream.
text: Jack moves past them and back into the hall. More couples
dialog: fucking. Everywhere.
text: Jack opens a bathroom door. Two chicks are sucking a guy
text: off. The guy waives and gives Jack a thumbs up.
text: Jack turns. He moves back through the kitchen.
text: Jack moves across the living room again, over to the
text: staircase. He steps over bodies on the stairs. He makes
text: the turn and heads for a bedroom.
text: Inside the bedroom, is a melee of fucking, drinking and
text: drug use. A pile of cocaine on the night stand.
text: Jack backs out slowly. Almost apologetically.
dialog: 157
dialog: 105.
text: He crosses the bedroom. Down the stairs.
text: Down the hall to the backyard.
text: Through the door. Outside is Denny Z talking to two
dialog: pornstars.
text: Jack grabs Denny Z.
speaker_heading: DENNY Z
dialog: Hey, what the hell are you doing?
text: Jack begins beating the shit out of him. He keeps hitting
text: Denny until he’s a bloody pulp. Denny spits blood out of
text: his mouth.
speaker_heading: DENNY Z (CONT'D)
dialog: You son of a bitch! I’1l fucking have you
dialog: killed for this!
text: Jack turns.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You'll do what? You’1l do what?!?
text: Jack sees that Denny has a gun in his belt. Jack takes
text: the gun away from Denny and fires a shot through Denny’s
text: foot. Denny screams in agonizing pain. Jack tosses the
text: gun and heads back into the house, leaving Denny
text: screaming behind him.
text: Jack goes back into the house. He heads back down the
text: hall to the bottom of the staircase. Something catches
dialog: his eye.
text: He moves slowly back towards the living room. His face
dialog: changes.
text: It’s Audrey Dawn. She’s about to take on two guys in the
text: middle of the floor.
text: He stares.
text: Jack leaves the house.
scene_heading: INT. - JACK’S SAN PEDRO HOUSE, KITCHEN - NIGHT 157
text: Jack sits at the kitchen table, a glass of scotch in
text: front of him...He's been drinking heavily and looks
text: disheveled.
text: Audrey enters the house and kicks off her shoes.
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Whew! Hard day at the office.
text: Audrey heads towards the fridge. She pours herself a
text: glass of wine and joins him at the table. Jack is
text: incredibly quiet.
speaker_heading: AUDREY (CONT'D)
dialog: What’s up with you?
text: Audrey sips her wine. She already know’s what’s up.
text: Jack smiles...then LAUGHS almost maniacally.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I used to sit at a dinner table with my
dialog: family.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Here we go...Is this old fashioned Jack?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Old fashioned? You think families are old
dialog: fashioned.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: I think family is overrated. A bunch of
text: people sharing the same name, professing
dialog: their endless love while destroying each
dialog: other's dreams.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You are one twisted chick, know that? But
dialog: I guess you'd have to be to end up at
dialog: that house tonight getting double teamed.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: I told you a million times Jack, I don’t
dialog: dig guilt. Fuck guilt. Look at
dialog: you...You're all about leveraging guilt.
dialog: Maybe if I’m good over here, I can be bad
dialog: over here. It’s destroying you.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Did it ever occur to you that maybe both
dialog: of us have just switched off a part of
dialog: our souls.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: And what part is that?
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: The part that’s supposed to question this
dialog: kind of behavior.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: You're not going to start moralizing, are
dialog: you? Jack, you’ve made all this money
dialog: because of all the horny, frustrated guys
dialog: out there who have to jerk off because
dialog: their wives and girlfriends don’t treat
dialog: them right. So I become their little
dialog: fantasy girl for five minutes a pop, and
dialog: make them forget for a fleeting instant
dialog: that their wives and kids can’t stand the
dialog: fucking sight of them. No, I’m not going
dialog: to feel guilty about that and my soul is
dialog: perfectly in fucking tact.
text: Jack says nothing.
speaker_heading: AUDREY (CONT'D)
dialog: You know what I’m starting to think? I’m
dialog: starting to think that you’re full of
dialog: shit! I don't need to be here...I really
dialog: don't. Why, so you can get a call in the
dialog: middle of the night from your bitchy wife
dialog: that one of your spoiled kids may not be
text: able to take part in the local regatta at
dialog: some prep school homecoming! I don't need
dialog: that in my life! I don't need you!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Your bags are already packed, Audrey.
text: Audrey stops. Tears fill her eyes.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Really?...Why?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: We don't belong anywhere near each other.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: But...You make me happy.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Happy? You have another word?
text: Audrey's face contorts with sadness and rage. She then
text: throws her wine glass at Jack's face. He blocks it,
dialog: cutting his hand...
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Fine! Not the first time I've had my
dialog: fucking bags packed ya' know!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: And it won't be your last.
text: Audrey heads inside, wheels out TWO SUITCASES.
speaker_heading: AUDREY
dialog: Don't bother to help me you piece of
dialog: shit. Your a real gentleman!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Good news is, I won't feel guilty about
dialog: it.
text: She SCREAMS before heading out and SLAMMING THE DOOR so
text: hard that one Jack's pictures falls off the mantle in the
text: hallway and shatters.
text: Jack gets up and walks to the hallway, locks the front
text: door. On his way back he stops and picks up the broken
dialog: picture frame...
text: C.U. FRAME -- A younger Jack and Diana with their small
text: children. Jack fights back his emotions...He walks with
text: the broken picture out to his back deck...He takes a seat
text: in a chair and just stares endlessly into the distant
text: lights of San Pedro.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: I came to the conclusion that I wanted
dialog: out. I mean, desperately. I just didn’t
dialog: know how. I caught myself doing something
dialog: I hadn’t done in a long time. Praying. I
dialog: was wondering if there was any good out
dialog: there in the universe that could hear me,
dialog: or if whoever it was decided a long time
dialog: ago that I wasn’t worth listening to.
scene_heading: CUT TO BLACK:
text: The sound of a ringing phone over black.
scene_heading: 158 INT. - JACK'S BEDROOM - LATE NIGHT 158
text: Jack jumps up from his sleep, grabs the phone.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Hello?
dialog: 159
dialog: 160
dialog: 109.
scene_heading: EXT. - FBI PARKING LOT - NIGHT 159
text: Agent Allman walks to his car, on his cell phone.
speaker_heading: ALLMAN
dialog: Jack, it’s, Allman. I need to see you.
scene_heading: INTERCUT AS NECESSARY
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Can it wait till tomorrow?
speaker_heading: ALLMAN
dialog: It can’t wait an hour.
text: Jack is taken a back.
scene_heading: EXT. - HARBOR DOCKS - LOT - NIGHT 160
text: Jack pulls into the lot. Allman is waiting for him,
text: eating a hot dog by a long dock..
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: Allman was already waiting for me. I
dialog: couldn't wait to hear whatever good news
dialog: the government might have for me now.
text: Allman gets in Jack's car.
speaker_heading: ALLMAN
dialog: You've been a stand up guy, Jack. As far
dialog: as I’m concerned, the government owes you
dialog: a lot. Two nights ago, several top
dialog: ranking Terrorists were taken out in a
dialog: fire fight in Afghanistan. Arrests were
dialog: also made in Europe, Indonesia.
text: A SERIES OF IMAGES: DOORS BEING KICKED IN ALL OVER EUROPE
text: AND ASIA. ARRESTS BEING MADE BY THE AUTHORITIES.
speaker_heading: ALLMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: All told, nearly one hundred people
dialog: rounded up...The least I could do, is
dialog: warn you.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Warn me about what?
speaker_heading: ALLMAN
dialog: The government knows about some underage
dialog: girls on your websites.
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Oh, Jesus...
speaker_heading: ALLMAN
dialog: No matter how you cut it, it’s child
dialog: pornography, Jack. You'll be indicted,
dialog: and trust me, you will go to jail.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I have nothing to do with that website.
speaker_heading: ALLMAN
dialog: I believe you. I really do.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Alright. What do I do with this warning?
speaker_heading: ALLMAN
dialog: Get out. Now. As fast as possible.
text: Jack stares at Allman.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I can't.
text: Allman looks at Jack for a moment and then pulls out a
text: folder and opens it. He holds various mugshot pictures of
text: Ivan...Then Nikita and his Goons.
speaker_heading: ALLMAN
dialog: Does it have anything to do with this?
text: Jack stares at the PHOTOS and does everything he can to
dialog: remain stoic.
speaker_heading: ALLMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: One of your Ex bouncers was picked up on
dialog: a drug charge two months ago.
text: SINGLE SHOT: Peanut is cuffed against a car...
speaker_heading: ALLMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: He told us Ivan Sokoloff, nephew of
dialog: Nikita Sokoloff, was murdered in your
dialog: living room five years ago.
speaker_heading: FLASH CUT:
scene_heading: 161 EXT. —- JACK’S CABIN CRUISER - NIGHT 161
text: Ivan’s body splashes down into the water.
dialog: 162
dialog: 163
dialog: 111.
speaker_heading: ALLMAN (V.O.)
dialog: He said you dumped the body off the coast
dialog: of Catalina.
scene_heading: RESUME HARBOR DOCKS:
speaker_heading: ALLMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: I've been in law enforcement a long time.
dialog: I know when somebody's lying. His story
dialog: was just a bit too linear for me to write
dialog: off as bullshit.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I don’t know what you’re talking about.
speaker_heading: ALLMAN
dialog: I’m gonna tell you what I think happened.
dialog: I think you got involved in this business
dialog: hoping to make a few bucks and get out
dialog: quick. I think you partnered up with a
dialog: bunch of lunatics who you can’t trust
dialog: because they’ve got this thing hanging
dialog: over your head. I’1l tell you the truth
dialog: Jack, I really don’t give a shit that
dialog: Ivan Sokoloff is dead. I think the
dialog: world’s better off without him. I really
dialog: don’t want to arrest you on this child
dialog: porn thing Jack, but I'll be forced to do
dialog: that if you don’t figure a quick way out
dialog: of this.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: How the hell am I going to get out?
speaker_heading: ALLMAN
dialog: That’s not my problem. You just need to
dialog: get out.
text: Jack thinks on this. Allman gets out of the car.
scene_heading: INT. - JACK'S SAN PEDRO HOUSE, KITCHEN - MORNING 162
text: Jack walks in. He’s clearly at the end of his rope.
scene_heading: EXT. - JACK’S SAN PEDRO HOUSE, BALCONY - MORNING 163
text: Jack comes out onto the balcony, holding a half bottle of
text: whiskey. He stares out as the sun rises over the harbor.
dialog: 164
dialog: 165
dialog: 112.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: I was asking myself, how could things get
dialog: any worse?
text: Jack picks up his cell phone.
scene_heading: INT. -— JACK'S HOUSTON HOUSE - MORNING 164
text: Diana is on the phone. She’s hysterical. Her eye is
text: swollen. She barely makes sense.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: You son of a bitch! They took him! They
dialog: took him!
scene_heading: INTERCUT AS NECESSARY
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What? Who? What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Your friends! Your disgusting friends!
speaker_heading: FLASH CUT:
scene_heading: INT. - JACK’S HOUSTON HOUSE - DAY 165
text: Several thugs wearing masks move through the house. Diana
text: screams at the intruders.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: I was now pretty damn sure that Wayne and
dialog: Buck had somehow told Nikita about Ivan.
text: One of the thugs punches Diana out. They begin moving
text: down the hall. Laura the maid grabs her son, Alejandro,
text: and begins running down the hall to hide.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: But put Buck and Wayne in charge of
dialog: something, and of course things won't go
dialog: the way they are supposed to.
text: One of the thugs comes out from behind Laura and tackles
text: her. He grabs Alejandro and hands him off to the other
text: thugs. Laura screams and screams in Spanish. (LAURA: Por
dialog: favor senior, dame mi hijo! Por favor! Por favor!)
dialog: 166
dialog: 113.
scene_heading: INT. - HOUSTON BONAVENTURE HOTEL, ROOM - DAY 166
text: Two Russian thugs bring Alejandro into the hotel suite.
text: Buck and Wayne stare at the kid, each other, then turn to
dialog: the Russian thugs.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: What the hell is this?
speaker_heading: RUSSIAN THUG #1
dialog: This is boy.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Yeah? So?
speaker_heading: RUSSIAN THUG #2
dialog: This is boy from house.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Yeah. This ain’t Jack’s kid. This kid’s a
dialog: fucking Mexican! Right?
speaker_heading: RUSSIAN THUG #1
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: This isn’t Jack's kid! Look at him! He’s
dialog: a fucking beaner, man!
speaker_heading: RUSSIAN THUG #2
dialog: What is beaner? This is boy from house.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: (to kid)
dialog: Do you speak English? Abla English kid?
dialog: He doesn’t even speak English! You took
dialog: the fucking maid’s kid!
text: The Russian thugs look at each other.
speaker_heading: RUSSIAN THUG #1
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: The maid! The maid! This is the maid’s
dialog: kid!
dialog: 167
dialog: 168
dialog: 169
dialog: 170
dialog: 114.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Yeah! Jack's kid’s not a Mexican, right?
speaker_heading: FLASH CUT:
scene_heading: INT. - JACK’S HOUSTON HOUSE - NIGHT 167
text: Diana is on the phone with one of the Russian thugs.
scene_heading: INT. -— HOUSTON BONAVENTURE HOTEL, ROOM - NIGHT 168
scene_heading: INTERCUT AS NECESSARY
speaker_heading: RUSSIAN THUG #1
dialog: If you want boy back, your husband is to
dialog: deliver five million dollars. You go to
dialog: police, we will kill boy and tell cops
dialog: your husband killed a friend of ours.
scene_heading: EXT. - JACK’S HOUSTON HOUSE - NIGHT 169
text: Lightning flashes. It’s raining. This is how our story
dialog: began.
scene_heading: INT. - JACK'S HOUSTON HOUSE, DEN - NIGHT 170
text: Jack sits alone. Rain shadows dance across his face
text: causing odd patterns on his cheeks. It’s as if the night
text: cries the tears he cannot. Michael enters and approaches
dialog: slowly.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: You okay, daddy?
text: Jack can’t speak. He just holds him tightly, runs his
text: fingers through his hair. Then Jack lets go and cups his
text: sons face in his hands.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I need you to do something for me.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You keep an eye on mommy. She loves you,
dialog: you got that?
dialog: 171
dialog: 172
dialog: 173
dialog: 174
dialog: 115.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Yeah...sure.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I’m serious...and you need to stay in
dialog: school. I know it sounds corny, but trust
dialog: me son, if you have an education, you're
text: unstoppable.
text: Michael nods, trying to take it all in. Jack hugs him
text: again, kisses him, and heads out.
scene_heading: INT. - JACK’S HOUSTON HOUSE - NIGHT 171
text: Jack zips the DUFFLE BAG. Diana holds Adam close to her.
text: He looks to Diana.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I’m gonna get him back, Diana.
scene_heading: INT. - JACK’S MERCEDES - NIGHT 172
text: A SERIES OF SILENT SHOTS...Jack's trip to meet for ransom
text: is intercut with SHOTS of what could have been his life
dialog: had he never left Houston...
scene_heading: INT. - JACK’S HOUSTON HOUSE - NIGHT 173
text: Jack walks through the driving rain to his car.
text: SINGLE SHOT: Jack with Diana and the kids on a beach...
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: The ride was long enough for me to think
dialog: about all that I did to get there...I
dialog: thought about the years gone by, Diana,
dialog: the kids...I pictured what my life would
dialog: have been like had I never met Haggerty
dialog: out in Vegas...
scene_heading: EXT. - HIGHWAY, HOUSTON - NIGHT 174
text: Jack drives along the freeway towards the Bonaventure.
text: SINGLE SHOT: Jack surveys his LA club...smiles. Business
dialog: is good.
dialog: 175
dialog: 176
dialog: 177
dialog: 116.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: I thought about love not money...I
dialog: thought about what money used to mean to
dialog: me. How I could have been just fine with
dialog: the club.
scene_heading: INT. - HOUSTON, ELEVATOR - NIGHT 175
text: Jack rides up in a glass elevator along the side of the
text: building, overlooking the city. It’s all over his face.
text: His thoughts are racing.
text: SINGLE SHOT: JACK EATS SEAFOOD WITH HIS FAMILY...THEY ALL
speaker_heading: WEAR BIBS.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: I thought about big houses and how cold
dialog: they are, how families need to pass each
text: other once in a while in the hallway,
dialog: families need to eat together at night...
scene_heading: INT. - HOUSTON BONAVENTURE HOTEL, HALLWAY - NIGHT 176
text: Jack moves down the hallway to the suite carrying the
text: duffle bag. He pushes the door open. The door opens
text: revealing a Russian THUG who lets Jack in.
text: SINGLE SHOT: Jack's son Michael throws him a ball, he
text: turns off the computer and goes outside with him.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: I thought about how underrated family is.
scene_heading: INT. -— HOUSTON BONAVENTURE HOTEL, ROOM - NIGHT 177
text: The suite has lots of windows and glass, overlooking the
text: city. Rain pounds against it as lightning intermittently
text: lights up the room.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: I expected to see the Russians first. If
dialog: not them, at least Buck and Wayne. But
dialog: instead...
text: Haggerty sits on the sofa puffing a huge Cuban cigar,
text: blowing smoke rings. Jack takes a few steps forward and
text: places the suitcase down.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Why aren't I surprised?
dialog: 117.
text: Haggerty laughs.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: Because you’re a smart guy, Jack. And you
dialog: always were a lucky guy, too. Until now.
dialog: Now the luck runs out for you.
dialog: (re: duffle bag)
dialog: I take it that’s the money?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Hey, let’s focus on why we’re here. You
dialog: don’t get shit from me until that kid is
dialog: well out of here.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: Of course, of course. We’re not animals
dialog: Jack. This is strictly business. The
dialog: money’s not for me anyway Jack, it’s for
dialog: him.
text: Nikita moves over with two more thugs. He speaks in
text: Russian to them. They open a bathroom door. Alejandro
text: appears, spots Jack, and rushes over to him. He hugs
text: Jack. Jack protectively brings him over to the door to
text: the hall and opens it.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (in Spanish)
text: Go there (pointing to the HOTEL ROOM DOOR
dialog: ACROSS THE HALL). You will be safe.
text: Alejandro takes off across the hall where James opens the
text: hotel room door. Jack shuts his door and goes back into
dialog: the room.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Thanks for not hurting him.
text: Jack takes the duffle bag and places it on the table.
text: Nikita unzips it and does a quick count of the money.
speaker_heading: NIKITA
dialog: Why did you kill Ivan?
text: Jack turns. Buck and Wayne are standing off in the
text: corner. They look like two nervous school boys.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I didn’t kill him. It was an accident.
dialog: Ask them. They were there.
dialog: 118.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Hey, fuck that! We had nothing to do with
dialog: it! That nigger bouncer punched him.
dialog: Once. Right? He died.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: He threatened my family. I didn’t want it
dialog: to go down that way. I doubt that this
dialog: helps, but I truly am sorry.
text: Before Jack can get another word out, one of the thugs
text: clocks Jack across the face, just like Ivan. Jack
text: staggers back and falls to the floor. Nikita nods his
dialog: satisfaction.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: Easy. We don’t want him signing these
dialog: contracts under duress.
text: Jack slowly gets to his feet.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Did you say something about signing?
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: That’s right.
text: Jack looks around the room at everyone.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Signing what?
text: Haggerty gets up and moves over to the dining room table,
text: where he produces a contract. He holds up a pen.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: Come on, Jack. Let’s get it over with. We
dialog: gave you the kid, sign this and
dialog: everybody's friends.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What the hell am I signing?
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: Everything. Everything away to us. The
dialog: business. To me, Nikita, Buck and Wayne.
text: Jack stares at everyone in the room.
text: Jack nods slowly. He moves over to the table and takes
text: the pen from Haggerty.
dialog: 119.
text: Everyone gathers around as Jack signs his name. As he
text: does, a drop of blood falls from Jack’s nose and lands on
dialog: the paper.
text: Nikita slowly raises his gun. Jack closes his eyes,
text: awaiting his fate.
text: Haggerty starts laughing.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY (CONT’D)
dialog: I can’t believe this! I mean, straight
dialog: up, I just can’t believe this! I’ve been
text: waiting and waiting for this moment.
text: Haggerty turns to the wet bar, about to make a drink.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY (CONT’D)
dialog: I’m telling you shit, is finally going to
dialog: turn around for old Jerry Hag...
scene_heading: ECU: SILENCER - PFFFT!
text: Jack clinches his eyes tight, sweat beading down his
dialog: forehead.
text: Jerry turns back around to the group.
text: Jerry's face starts to change. Blood starts to slowly
text: spread across his chest. He knows something’s up, but it
text: hasn't registered yet. Jack opens his eyes.
text: Haggerty collapses into a heap on the floor. Jack stares.
text: Buck and Wayne do the same, mouths open.
speaker_heading: NIKITA
dialog: A piece of shit like that couldn't be
dialog: trusted.
text: Nikita points the gun at Jack. Buck and Wayne react.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Oh no, hey please
dialog: killing...please...
dialog: »~no more
dialog: 
text: Nikita turns, pointing the gun at Buck and Wayne. Their
text: attitudes change quickly.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: But better him than us, right?
text: Nikita lowers the gun, looking back at Jack.
dialog: 178
dialog: 179
dialog: 120.
speaker_heading: NIKITA
dialog: One has to choose his partners very
dialog: carefully Mr. Harris, no?
text: Jack doesn’t move.
speaker_heading: NIKITA (CONT'D)
dialog: You make good business for us all these
dialog: years. And sometimes, business more
dialog: important than family. Now get out.
text: Jack nods, he moves for the door quickly and leaves.
scene_heading: INT. — HOUSTON BONAVENTURE HOTEL, LOBBY - DAWN 178
text: Jack walks through the lobby, completely empty except for
text: a janitor working a floor polisher. Jack sees Alejandro
text: standing by the doorway with James. He smiles. He moves
text: towards him, taking his hand. They walk through the
text: sliding doors and exit the hotel.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: Within six months, the FBI arrested
dialog: everybody...everybody but me, of
dialog: course...
scene_heading: IMPOSE LEGEND: Six Months Later
scene_heading: INT. — PRISON HOLDING CELL - DAY 179
text: Buck and Wayne, wearing orange jumpsuits, sit across from
text: SOMEONE, talking a mile a minute. Their lawyers are also
dialog: present.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: So then Jack forced us to go with him to
dialog: dump the body.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Yeah, yeah, yeah. And he told us if we
dialog: told anyone, he’d kill us, right!
speaker_heading: SOMEONE (0.S.)
dialog: Where did you dump the body?
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: I don’t know! In the ocean! The ocean's
dialog: the ocean, right?
dialog: 180
speaker_heading: 181
dialog: 121.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: For some reason, the government decided
dialog: they didn’t have enough evidence to
dialog: prosecute the case.
text: The camera spins around to reveal the Someone as Allman.
scene_heading: INT. — LAX, LUFTHANSA TERMINAL —- DAY 180
text: Nikita and a few of the Russian thugs pick up their
text: tickets and head for the gate.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: The Russians, however, all jumped bail
dialog: and disappeared back to the mother
dialog: country.
scene_heading: RESUME PRESENT DAY
scene_heading: EXT. - JACK’S HOUSTON HOUSE - MORNING 181
text: The rain has stopped and has swept the streets clean.
text: Jack pulls up to the gate, and then drives up the
text: driveway to the house. He gets out with Alejandro. Laura
text: appears in the doorway, and they race towards one
text: another. She hugs and kisses him. Jack watches from a
text: distance. It’s clear that he feels like a stranger.
text: Diana appears in the doorway. They lock eyes for a
text: moment. He searches her eyes. Is there still hope? She
text: moves back into the house. Her hand trails behind,
text: wedding ring on. She leaves the door open. He takes that
text: as a signal, and slowly heads towards the house.
speaker_heading: JACK (V.O.)
dialog: Me? I‘1l do my best to put all of this
dialog: behind me, if I can. That is, if life
dialog: will allow me that opportunity...
text: SWISH PAN: We race away from the house at high speed,
text: over the wall, across the neighbor’s yard and whoosh into
text: the second floor window.
text: A guy, with his pants around his knees, is jerking off in
text: front of his laptop. As he climaxes...
scene_heading: ROLL CREDITS.
dialog: 
