text: THE DIARY OF A TEENAGE GIRL
dialog: Written by
dialog: Marielle Heller
text: Based on the graphic novel by Phoebe Gloeckner
speaker_heading: BEGIN SUPER 8
speaker_heading: FOOTAGE:
scene_heading: INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - BEDROOM - DAY 1
text: Close up on a cat’s face - not pleased.
text: Hand-written title card: DOMINO VS. THE CITY - a film by
dialog: Minnie Goetze
text: A cardboard San Francisco: skyscrapers and the Golden Gate
text: Bridge. Domino, the cat, peeks out above the buildings.
text: Title card: It’s a CAT-ASTROPHE! Everybody run!
text: Domino stomps, destroying the little cars and buildings in
text: his wake. He claws at one of the tallest buildings, lies down
text: right in the middle of the set, licks his butt, and looks at
dialog: the camera like “Yeah? What?”.
speaker_heading: END SUPER 8:
dialog: (TITLE CARD: The Diary of
dialog: a_Teenage Girl)
scene_heading: EXT. SAN FRANCISCO - YERBA BUENA PARK - AFTERNOON 2
text: MINNIE GOETZE, an intensely smart fifteen-year-old, curious
text: and strong but not jaded, walks through the seedy sprawling
dialog: park.
text: Minnie’s voice-over, recorded onto a cassette tape:
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: I had sex today. HOLY SHIIIITTTTT!
text: Music kicks in - something with a beat. Minnie walks
text: seriously down the path, until the chorus chimes in, then she
text: shimmies, or swishes her hips, in time to the music.
text: Minnie’s POV: A boy with blond feathered hair takes a long
text: slow puff off of a joint. Smoke wafts up around his face,
text: dancing with his curls almost magically.
text: Minnie bounds through the park, past old strung-out hippies
text: lounging in the grass. One of the women doesn’t have a shirt
dialog: on. This is the 70s in San Francisco - it’s just how it is.
text: A young woman jogs by in a skimpy seventies jogging outfit.
text: Her unharnessed breasts bounce happily along. Comic stars
text: appear on her nipples and bounce away. Minnie looks down and
text: takes a quick peek at her own less ample breasts.
dialog: Pink (01/08/2014) 2.
text: She struts to the music. She leaves animated footsteps in her
dialog: path.
text: Minnie does a little skip, and the music swells and cuts out.
scene_heading: EXT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - STREET 3
text: Minnie runs up and into a Victorian style apartment building.
scene_heading: INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - THE LIVING ROOM - CONTINUOUS 5
text: Minnie enters, startled to find her mom, CHARLOTTE, a hip
text: woman of 34 who wishes she were 25, and GRETEL, 13 and a mini-
text: Charlotte, pretty and girly, glued to the TV. Charlotte is
text: still beautiful, though she wears her mistakes on her body.
text: She sips a gin and tonic. On the TV, news coverage of the
dialog: trial of Patty Hearst.
speaker_heading: TV ANCHOR
dialog: Patty Hearst, the kidnapped heiress
dialog: whose story has riveted the world,
dialog: appeared in court again today. She
dialog: was described as pallid, dull in
text: complexion and lacking in energy.
dialog: One court reporter described her
text: demeanor as “zombie-like”.
text: Minnie tries to sneak past unnoticed. The room is complete
text: with shag carpeting wall-to-wall, hanging ferns, and colorful
text: afghans. The picture of Patty Hearst with a gun is on the TV.
speaker_heading: TV ANCHOR(CONT’D)
dialog: When Ms. Hearst was asked to
dialog: describe the closet that her
text: captors held her in...
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: Oh Minnie. Come watch with us.
speaker_heading: GRETEL
dialog: (trying to sound grown-up)
dialog: Yeah. It’s history in the making.
text: Charlotte doesn’t take her eyes off the TV.
speaker_heading: TV ANCHOR
dialog: Prosecutors brought in Dr. Harry L.
dialog: Kozol, an expert on sex-offenders
dialog: and mentally ill criminals...
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: No thanks.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: (re: TV)
dialog: She's not mentally ill! Fuck this
dialog: guy. Just because she ran away from
dialog: her bourgeoisie family and started
dialog: over. I know how you feel, Patty!
text: Charlotte sips her drink, Minnie leans in.
speaker_heading: GRETEL
dialog: My teacher said she was
dialog: brainwashed. I mean, didn’t they,
dialog: like, keep her in a closet?
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: No, come on. She’s brave. She
dialog: reminds me of my friend Andrea-
dialog: she’s searching for something more
dialog: real than her privileged bullshit
dialog: childhood.
speaker_heading: GRETEL
dialog: Oh.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: I think she’s a phony. What kind of
dialog: person falls in love with the
dialog: people who kidnap and torture them?
text: Charlotte and Gretel turn toward Minnie, surprised. Charlotte
text: finally takes in Minnie:
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: Is that what you wore today?
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Mom?!
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: I’m just saying. It wouldn’t kill
dialog: you to wear something with a waist.
dialog: Jeez.
text: Gretel laughs.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: (to Gretel)
dialog: Shut the fuck up.
text: Charlotte goes back to watching the coverage.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m gonna go do homework.
text: Minnie exits. Charlotte calls after her.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: Kimmie called.
text: Charlotte and Gretel go back to the TV.
scene_heading: INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS 6
text: Minnie pulls the rotary phone into her messy room and dials
text: frantically. The bed is unmade, a record player sits on the
text: floor in the corner, and the dresser’s drawers hang open
text: loosely exposing their contents. There are half finished
text: projects everywhere: dioramas, a photography corner, etc.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Hi, may I speak to Kimmie please?
dialog: Oh, okay. Yeah could you just ask
dialog: her to call Minnie the moment she
dialog: get in? Thanks.
text: Minnie hangs up, frustrated.
scene_heading: INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - HALLWAY - MOMENTS LATER 7
text: Minnie digs frantically through the closet, searching. She
text: flings articles of clothes, and tennis rackets out of the
text: way, boxes fall on her, until she finds what she’s looking
text: for: a seventies cassette recorder complete with a
text: microphone. She wipes dust off of it.
scene_heading: INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - BEDROOM —- MOMENTS LATER 8
text: Minnie presses record on the tape recorder, noticing some
text: dark dried blood on her index finger. She picks at it for a
text: moment, smells it. She thinks about where to begin. Then, she
text: jumps up, locks her door. She sits back down.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: (into mic)
dialog: Um. Testing? No - Fuck -
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 10
speaker_heading: MINNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: (rewinds, starts again)
dialog: My name is Minnie Goetze. I ama
text: fifteen-year-old girl living in San
dialog: Francisco California, recording
text: this onto a cassette tape because
dialog: my life has gotten really crazy of
dialog: late, and I need to tell someone
dialog: about it. If you’re listening to
dialog: this without my permission, please
dialog: stop right now. Just, really. Stop.
dialog: Okay.
dialog: (clearing her throat)
dialog: So, I don’t remember being born.
scene_heading: BEGIN IMAGINING SEQUENCE: 9
text: A comic-book style animation: a woman’s naked body lying on
text: her side breaths and move in sketchy pencil lines. She moves
dialog: in ecstacy.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: I was a very ugly child.
text: Her knees part slowly, opening seductively, exposing a hairy
text: crotch, the pencil lines of the pubic hair going in every
text: direction. Her toes curl, and suddenly through the center of
text: her legs pops out the head of a baby, who looks just like
text: Minnie- bright-eyed and smiling. The animation freezes:
speaker_heading: END IMAGINING:
scene_heading: INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS 10
text: Minnie stands with her tape recorder and microphone. The
text: “birth drawing” is tacked to the wall in front of her.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: My appearance has not improved so I
dialog: suppose it was a lucky break when
dialog: he was attracted by my
dialog: youthfulness.
text: A cat starts purring around Minnie’s ankle, she picks him up
text: roughly, kissing him.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Domino, you stupid cat, I love you.
dialog: (then, whispering)
dialog: Hey, Domino. Do I look different
dialog: than I did yesterday?
dialog: 11
text: Domino squirms and jumps out of her arms. Minnie flops on the
text: bed, a huge grin coming over her face.
text: The walls of Minnie’s room are lined with comic-style
text: drawings, and photographs: a tongue, or a face, homeless
text: people, and transvestites. And many self-portraits. Minnie
text: speaks into her mic.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: (getting serious)
dialog: Okay in all matter of factuality,
dialog: it happened like this:
scene_heading: FLASHBACK TO:
scene_heading: INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - THE LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 11
text: Charlotte is sprawled out on the couch, a lit joint dangling
text: precariously in her fingers, falling asleep. Gretel eats a
text: bowl of ice-cream on the floor. MONROE, 34, a guy with the
text: attitude and libido of a 15 year old, sits on the end of the
text: couch and stares blankly at The Carol Burnett Show on the TV,
text: drinking a Schlitz beer.
text: Minnie enters in a blue little-girl nightgown, plopping down
text: on the couch, moving her mom’s legs over. Charlotte groans,
text: and ashes from her joint fall into Gretel’s bowl of ice-
dialog: cream.
speaker_heading: GRETEL
dialog: Mom!? God. You’re so gross. I can’t
dialog: even watch TV without...
text: Gretel gets up in a huff, and exits. Charlotte doesn’t stir.
text: The TV blares.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: My mother was married for a long
dialog: time to my step-dad Pascal. He is a
dialog: science-y guy, a PhD.
text: C/U on a picture of Charlotte and PASCAL, 45, when they were
text: younger and married. Even then, they were an odd match.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: He has a lot of ideas about how the
dialog: world works- doesn’t think women
dialog: should drink or smoke.
text: Minnie looks at the joint in her mom’s hand.
dialog: Yellow (01/16/2014) 7.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: Maybe that’s why she isn’t married
text: to him anymore. She’s “looser” now.
text: Minnie looks toward Monroe.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: Monroe Rutherford’s her boyfriend,
dialog: but they aren’t possessive.
text: Monroe stares at the TV. He is handsome in this light, with a
text: boyish face. He feels Minnie looking at him and smiles a
text: little. Minnie turns back to the TV. There is a long pause.
text: Charlotte suddenly startles.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: (half-asleep and a little
dialog: high)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MINNIE CHARLOTTE
dialog: It was the TV. Whatdyasay?
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: It was just the TV, mom.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: Oh my god, I had such a long day.
dialog: I'm falling asleep here.
text: Charlotte slips her house shoes on without opening her eyes.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE (CONT’D)
dialog: I’m crashin’.
text: Monroe slaps Charlotte on the ass.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: G’night.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Night.
text: Minnie debates moving over to the other side of the couch,
text: but just as she makes a move, Monroe puts his big hand on her
text: head. Minnie hits Monroe lightly. He puts his arm around her
text: and they curl up together, watching TV.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: What are you wearing? This
dialog: nightgown is totally ridiculous.
text: Minnie blushes.
dialog: 12
dialog: Pink (01/08/2014) 8.
text: Monroe’s arm dangles around Minnie’s shoulder, dangerously
text: close to her breast. Maybe his hand brushes it? They sit in
text: silence watching the TV. Minnie moves to the other side of
text: the couch, staring at Monroe.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: I know it seems weird, but I had
dialog: this strangely calming feeling that
dialog: even if he touched my tit on
dialog: purpose it's probably all right
dialog: because he's one of our best
dialog: friends and he's a good guy and he
dialog: knows how it goes and I don't...
text: Minnie looks at Monroe for a sign. Monroe cracks another
dialog: beer.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: But I wonder if my breast felt
dialog: small?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - BEDROOM - NIGHT 12
text: Minnie looks at a picture she drew of Monroe, in very short
text: jogging shorts, that is tacked onto the wall. Her tape player
text: in her hand.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Oh Monroe. Pitter pat. You touched
dialog: my tit. How was that?
text: Minnie touches Monroe’s crotch on the drawing. As she stares
text: deep into Monroe’s face turns to camera,, so handsome and
text: charming. His eyes twitch with mischief. He looks down a
text: little, then back up.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: (so vulnerable)
dialog: Can I just say- touching your
dialog: breasts...
dialog: (bashfully, almost)
dialog: I can’t- I can’t say it.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 13
dialog: Yellow (01/16/2014) 9.
speaker_heading: MONROE (CONT'D)
dialog: (then)
dialog: They're really great. Fantastic
dialog: breasts, Minnie. Just perfect.
text: Monroe smiles. Comic book flowers burst out from behind his
text: head, like a seventies album cover. A bird flies out of his
text: ear and lands on top of his head and starts singing, and -
speaker_heading: END IMAGINING:
scene_heading: INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - KITCHEN - EVENING 13
text: Monroe snaps his fingers in Minnie’s face. She is standing
text: with the door of the fridge wide open, staring into space.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: Weirdo.
text: Minnie pushes Monroe, playfully but hard.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: It feels so good to imagine that he
dialog: might be thinking about me. Like
dialog: finally I exist.
text: Monroe grabs an apple, bites into it. The kitchen has a
text: paisley wallpaper lining the walls, and avocado green tiles
text: on the counters.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: So-
text: Charlotte enters the kitchen, in a sexy house-dress/robe.
speaker_heading: MONROE (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Charlotte)
dialog: Hey. You ‘bout ready steady?
text: Monroe jumps up and sits on the counter.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: No, no. I think I’m staying here.
dialog: I’m already in my skivvies.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: What? You promised.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: Not that I love him or anything.
dialog: I’m not stupid.
text: Gretel enters, and Charlotte pours herself a big gin and
dialog: tonic.
dialog: Yellow (01/16/2014) 10.
speaker_heading: GRETEL
dialog: We're gonna watch “Little House on
dialog: the Prairie”.
text: Gretel grabs a soda from the fridge. Charlotte smooths
text: Gretel’s hair a little.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: Yep.
text: Monroe grabs Charlotte by the waist and pulls her close.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: It’s two-for-one Tuesdays, though.
dialog: You promised.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: I’m sorry, baby.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: Let’s just go for a few drinks? I
dialog: need to get out.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: I'll make it up to you, I swear.
dialog: I’m sorry. Take Minnie.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: Minnie’ll go. Wontcha’ Min?
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: She doesn’t want to go.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Yeah I do. Where?
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: Told you. See?
text: Charlotte turns and leaves with Gretel.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: Just this bar on Harrison.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: I had homework, but so the fuck
dialog: what?
text: Monroe smiles, it’s a plan.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 14
dialog: Yellow (01/16/2014) 10a.
scene_heading: INT. LIVERPOOL LILS BAR - LATER THAT NIGHT 14
text: At a tall bar table in a dark corner, a bartender drops off
text: another round to Minnie and Monroe. They’re both pleasantly
text: drunk, watch the bartender leave. Monroe leans his body into
text: Minnie’s, almost knocking her off her stool.
dialog: 11.
text: She laughs, pushing him, but then almost falls off her stool.
text: He catches her.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: (teasing)
dialog: Whoa! Clumsy clumsy.
text: He helps her back onto her stool, holding onto her for a
text: little too long. Minnie gets a case of the giggles, he
text: follows suit.
text: They play a game of “sugarpack football”, flicking a sugar
text: pack across the table, trying to make it land on the edge of
text: the table. Monroe flicks the sugar packet through Minnie’s
text: “field-goal” (her hands) and it disappears off the table.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Shit. Where’d it go?
text: Monroe gets up and starts rooting around on the ground near
text: her feet, looking for it. He bites her ankle. She screams too
text: loud. He laughs.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: Shut up! You lightweight.
text: He bites her calf, grabbing onto her knee. Minnie takes his
text: hand, and bites it hard. He stands, letting her bite him.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: That doesn’t hurt?
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: You can’t hurt me. Go ahead.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: I’m gonna bite you so fucking hard.
text: She bites it even harder, as hard as she can.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: I don’t even feel it.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: You're drunk.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: I’m just really strong.
text: She bites his finger. He likes it. He thinks about touching
text: her face. She breathes in, wanting him to. He flicks her
text: nose. He sits back down.
dialog: Green (01/19/2014) 12.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: You're far away.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: You just gave me a hard-on.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: I did?
text: She peers over the table to see.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: Yeah, I’m hard.
text: Minnie might laugh but instead she moves closer.
text: Glancing around, Monroe takes Minnie’s hand and puts it down
text: his pants. Minnie feels it, interested like it’s a science
dialog: experiment.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: It didn’t feel too hard to me. It
dialog: had soft skin. I don't know what I
dialog: expected exactly but I guess flesh
dialog: can never be really hard, like wood
dialog: or Formica.
text: Monroe moans quietly, Minnie smiles.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: I want you to fuck me.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: I didn’t even know if I was serious
dialog: or not, but it was funny and I was
dialog: drunk.
text: Monroe removes her hand.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: You're shit-faced. I gotta get you
dialog: back to your goddmamn mother.
text: But he doesn’t move away, if anything he pulls her closer,
text: searching her eyes.
speaker_heading: MONROE (CONT'D)
dialog: I can’t believe you want me to fuck
dialog: you. Do you really want me to fuck
dialog: you?
dialog: 15
dialog: 16
dialog: Yellow (01/16/2014) 13.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: (playfully)
dialog: None of your fucking business.
text: It’s like a game of chicken, neither will look away. Even in
text: this moment, there is nothing threatening about Monroe.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: You really do want me to fuck you,
dialog: don’t you? You really fucking want
dialog: me to fucking fuck you.
text: Minnie stares up at Monroe’s face, smiling.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: I didn’t know whether I wanted him
dialog: or anyone else to fuck me but I was
dialog: afraid to pass up the chance
dialog: because I may never get another.
scene_heading: I/E. MONROE'S CAR - PARKING LOT -LATER 15
text: Minnie and Monroe get into the car, unsure of what’s next.
text: They stare straight ahead. Then they go for it. He kisses
text: her, for a long time, sliding his hand between her legs.
text: Music crescendos.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - BATHROOM - LATER THAT NIGHT 16
text: Minnie is in the bathtub, staring at the ceiling, where
text: shadows from the street dance. She touches her lips and
text: mouth, which are raw and red from Monroe’s stubble.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: It tasted like heated wine - hot
text: and sticky and the inside of his
dialog: mouth was all smooth. I tried
text: giving him a blow-job in the car
dialog: and he put his hand in me, and
dialog: touched my tits. He said he wanted
dialog: to fuck me, but he said we can’t
dialog: tonight.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: (every emotion)
dialog: Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god.
text: Minnie dips her head back in the water, letting her hair wash
text: all around her.
dialog: 17
dialog: 18
dialog: Green (01/19/2014) 14.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: Sometimes the feeling of water
dialog: rushing through my hair makes me
dialog: feel so beautiful. Like a mermaid
dialog: waiting to be rescued from the
text: depths of the sea.
text: Minnie enjoys this feeling, and then suddenly opens her eyes
dialog: with a start:
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: Is this what it feels like for
dialog: someone to love you? He could have
dialog: anyone and he wants me. He sees me.
dialog: I feel different today. I never
dialog: want to go back.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - MORNING 17
text: Minnie waits on the corner of Jackson and Scott, anxious. A
text: MAN WITH A BUSHY MUSTACHE, and tight bell-bottoms whistles at
text: her. Monroe pulls up, and she gets into his beat-up car,
text: flipping off the stranger with a smile.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: You gonna get in trouble for
dialog: skipping school?
text: Minnie shakes her head, smiling.
speaker_heading: MONROE (CONT'D)
dialog: You feel like sandwiches?
text: Minnie nods. They drive off.
scene_heading: INT. MONROE'S APARTMENT - MOMENTS LATER 18
text: Monroe and Minnie fall into the small bachelor apartment
text: making out, barely closing the door behind them. Monroe lifts
text: Minnie up onto the bed. He gets on top of Minnie, kissing her
text: and unbuttons her pants. Minnie is scared but excited.
text: Minutes later, Minnie and Monroe lie silently side-by-side on
text: the bed. They both have their shirts and jackets on still,
text: and are naked just from the waist down. Minnie traces an X on
text: Monroe's leg in blood. He shakes his head in disbelief.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: I didn’t know you were a virgin.
dialog: 19
dialog: 15.
text: He shakes it off. Minnie closes her eyes, peaceful.
speaker_heading: MONROE (CONT'D)
dialog: You look good, you know? Nice.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: I do?
text: Minnie reaches for her backpack and pulls out her Polaroid
dialog: camera.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Will you take my picture?
text: She lies back down, resuming her position.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Please? I just want to see.
text: He snaps the picture, against his better judgement. Minnie
text: points the camera toward Monroe, but he grabs it out of her
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: Nah, nah, nah. Are you crazy?
text: Minnie gives in, shaking her picture in her hand.
speaker_heading: MONROE (CONT'D)
dialog: You better not show that picture to
dialog: anyone.
text: CLOSE ON the photograph of Minnie, still and beautiful.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: You can’t even see where I am.
text: Outside, life continues. School lets out, transvestites turn
dialog: tricks, the city lives.
speaker_heading: END FLASHBACK:
scene_heading: INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - BEDROOM - DAY 19
text: We are back where we started, Minnie’s first Diary entry.
text: Minnie sits with her tape recorder now on the floor.
dialog: 20
dialog: Pink (01/08/2014) 16.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: ...That was about an hour ago and I
dialog: can’t believe I’ve now actually
dialog: said it out loud. I’m pretty sure
dialog: this makes me officially an adult.
dialog: Right?
text: She picks at the dried blood on her finger.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m going to continue recording
dialog: this diary with the intention of
dialog: making entries each and every day
dialog: as honestly and as sincerely as is
dialog: possible for me to do.
text: She presses stop, pleased. She pulls out the picture that
text: Monroe took of her after her first time and examines it. She
text: looks relaxed and beautiful.
scene_heading: INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - KITCHEN/HALLWAY - ANOTHER EVENING 20
text: Minnie is sitting at the kitchen table drawing a picture of
text: herself when the doorbell rings. She jumps up.
text: As Minnie heads for the door, Gretel comes out of her room.
speaker_heading: GRETEL
dialog: I'll get it.
text: Minnie slams Gretel’s door in her face.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: I got it.
text: Gretel whines. Minnie opens the front door.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: (shyly)
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: (shyly)
dialog: Hey.
text: There is a tense pause. They stare at each other. Monroe
text: seems like a teenager who doesn’t know what to say.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: Your mom here?
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: No.
dialog: (then, jealous)
dialog: Why? Did you come to see her?
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Oh.
text: Monroe enters sheepishly, punches Minnie’s shoulder
dialog: playfully.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: I came to see you, silly.
text: Minnie punches Monroe on his arm, hard.
speaker_heading: MONROE (CONT'D)
dialog: Ow. Shit. You got a good arm. You
dialog: wanna box?
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Yeah.
text: They put up their dukes and start circling each other,
text: jabbing and kicking.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: What were you doing before I got
dialog: here?
text: Monroe reaches out and grabs Minnie’s tit.
speaker_heading: MONROE (CONT'D)
dialog: Thinkin’ about me?
text: Minnie punches him again.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: No!
text: Monroe grabs her fists, pinning them behind her back,
text: startling Minnie. Just when they’re about to kiss, Charlotte
text: comes in the front door. Monroe quickly pushes Minnie away
text: from him, who falls to the ground.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: Oh. There you are.
dialog: 21
dialog: 22
dialog: 18.
text: Minnie watches Monroe kiss Charlotte from the ground.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: Monroe Rutherford is the handsomest
dialog: man in the world.
scene_heading: INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - BEDROOM - NIGHT 21
text: Minnie lies in bed with her tape recorder, it’s dark except
text: for the glow from her flashlight. There’s magic in the air.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: (sotto into microphone)
dialog: My mother’s friend Martin Chong
dialog: sent her a poem. He’s one of many
text: men who’s in love with her, waiting
text: in line with a number in their hand
dialog: like at the deli counter. He wrote
text: it on a piece of lacy purple rice
dialog: paper that I found crumpled in the
dialog: trash. I think it’s beautiful:
text: Minnie reads from the crumpled paper. Stars start to emanate
text: from Minnie’s bed, floating out into the universe.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: (into microphone)
dialog: “It would have been better
dialog: To have slept and dreamed
dialog: Than to watch the night pass
dialog: And the slow moon sink.”
text: The ceiling of her room melts away, the stars twinkle above
text: her. She touches her body nonchalantly.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I wonder if Monroe is masturbating
dialog: thinking about me tonight? Monroe
dialog: says I exude sexuality. Sometimes I
dialog: look in the mirror and I can’t
dialog: believe what I see. I just realized
dialog: - I’ve had breasts for a full three
dialog: years.
text: She clicks the light off. The stars twinkle for one more
dialog: moment.
scene_heading: INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - BATHROOM - DAY 22
text: Minnie runs into the bathroom with a yellow rotary phone,
text: receiver pressed up to her ear.
dialog: 23
dialog: 24
dialog: Pink (01/08/2014) 19.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Sorry. Sorry. Gretel was following
dialog: me. Hold on.
text: She locks the door and sits on the edge of the tub.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Okay, I’m good.
speaker_heading: KIMMIE’S VOICE
dialog: Alright, tell me.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: INT. KIMMIE’S HOUSE - BATHROOM - DAY 23
text: KIMMIE MINTER, sixteen but with the body of a twenty-one year
text: old and the hair of Farrah Fawcett, is on the other end.
speaker_heading: MINNIE’S VOICE
dialog: (whispered)
dialog: I can’t tell you, you have to
dialog: guess.
text: Kimmie sits straight up.
speaker_heading: KIMMIE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: You fucked somebody! !
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - BATHROOM - CONTINUOUS 24
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: (screaming into phone)
dialog: What?! How did you know?
text: A pounding at the door.
speaker_heading: GRETEL’S VOICE
dialog: (calling through the door)
dialog: Minnie. I need the bathroom. What
dialog: are you doing?
speaker_heading: KIMMIE’S VOICE
dialog: FINALLY! You’re catching up.
dialog: Pink (01/08/2014) 20.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Hey! We don’t all lose our
dialog: virginity at thirteen.
speaker_heading: KIMMIE’S VOICE
dialog: It’s not just me. That’s how it is
dialog: in South San Francisco.
text: Gretel pounds again.
speaker_heading: KIMMIE’S VOICE (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m just so happy! Who was it?
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: You have to guess. Gretel is
dialog: listening.
speaker_heading: GRETEL’S VOICE
dialog: (calling through the door)
dialog: I am not. You’re so full of
dialog: yourself.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: 25 INT. KIMMIE’S HOUSE - BATHROOM - CONTINUOUS 25
text: Kimmie curls her hair, perfecting her 70s flip.
speaker_heading: KIMMIE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: But you don’t know any guys. Wait.
dialog: Was it that guy who works in the
dialog: liquor store? That cute one?
speaker_heading: MINNIE’S VOICE
dialog: (leading)
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: KIMMIE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Well, is it somebody I know?
speaker_heading: MINNIE’S VOICE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: KIMMIE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: I can’t think of anyone... wait a
dialog: minute. It’s not Monroe, is it?
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
dialog: Pink (01/08/2014) 21.
scene_heading: 26 INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - BATHROOM 26
text: Minnie is silent, smiling like the cat who ate the canary.
text: Gretel pounds on the door.
speaker_heading: KIMMIE’S VOICE
dialog: (screaming from the phone)
dialog: My god! Minnie! That is so sick!
text: Minnie has to hold the phone away from her ear.
speaker_heading: KIMMIE’S VOICE (CONT'D)
dialog: Ewww!
text: Gretel pounds.
speaker_heading: GRETEL’S VOICE
dialog: (yelling through the door)
dialog: I’m gonna tell mom. Get out of
dialog: there!
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: (whispered into phone)
dialog: Don’t you think he’s cute?
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: 27 INT. KIMMIE’S HOUSE - BATHROOM - CONTINUOUS 27
text: Kimmie’s hair starts to burn. She unrolls the curling iron.
speaker_heading: KIMMIE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: No, he’s not cute. He’s old. Ew,
text: ew, ewww. Minnie. He sleeps with
dialog: your mom!
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: 28 INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - BATHROOM - CONTINUOUS 28
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: (into phone, sotto)
dialog: Only because he has to otherwise
dialog: she'll suspect something.
speaker_heading: KIMMIE’S VOICE
dialog: I don’t know, Minnie. Don’t you
dialog: kinda feel like he’s taking
dialog: advantage of you or something? I
dialog: Mean, you’re so much younger than
dialog: him.
dialog: 22.
text: Gretel’s pounding on the door grows louder and faster.
speaker_heading: KIMMIE’S VOICE (CONT'D)
dialog: Minnie?
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: (upset, into phone)
dialog: Umm...
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: 29 INT. KIMMIE’S HOUSE - BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS 29
text: There is a pause.
speaker_heading: KIMMIE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: How big is his dick?
scene_heading: 30 INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - HALLWAY - MOMENTS LATER 30
text: Minnie swings the door open to find Gretel about to pound on
text: the door. She grabs her, punching her on the arm.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: I’m gonna kill you!
speaker_heading: GRETEL
dialog: Ow. Minnie, don’t.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Quit spying on me.
text: Minnie pushes Gretel to the ground, and sits on top of her,
text: smacking her over and over again.
speaker_heading: GRETEL
dialog: What were you talking about? Ow-
text: Minnie pushes Gretel’s face further into the carpet.
scene_heading: 31 I/E. STREETCAR - DAY 31
text: Minnie sits at the back of the streetcar. She talks into her
text: tape player’s mic, enjoying her lurid narrative, while an old
text: lady nearby listens on, disturbed.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: He’s fucked me three times now. All
dialog: I can think about is the fucking.
dialog: 32
dialog: 23.
text: Flashback: Minnie and Monroe fucking in his car.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Monroe is a good lay from what I
dialog: know in my limited knowledge. He is
text: very tall and strong and he has two
text: strong muscular thighs and a big
text: hairy chest.
text: Flashback: Minnie and Monroe fucking in his bed, fucking on
dialog: his floor, more fucking.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: As for myself, I’m not particularly
dialog: attractive at all. But I do think I
dialog: look different now- probably my
dialog: aura. And I think people are
dialog: noticing...
scene_heading: INT. RICH PRIVATE HIGH SCHOOL - CLASSROOM - DAY 32
text: Minnie sits at a desk by the window. The hippie ENGLISH
text: TEACHER sits on his desk - “cool teacher” style, with a copy
text: of Catcher in the Rye in his lap.
scene_heading: COOL ENGLISH TEACHER
dialog: I agree, Liza. Mr. Antolini doesn’t
dialog: act like an authority figure. He
dialog: isn’t condescending. But what did
dialog: you make of the moment where he
text: touched Holden’s forehead while he
dialog: slept?
text: The teacher drones on. Minnie doodles listlessly. A note
text: lands on her desk. It reads: Write me a note. Minnie looks
text: around. Behind her, a very handsome boy with great hair, a
text: junior named RICKY WASSERMAN, 17, winks.
text: Minnie drops the note back on Ricky’s desk. He unfurls it
dialog: reading: A basic pancake recipe includes water, flour, baking
dialog: powder, sugar and eggs.
speaker_heading: COOL ENGLISH TEACHER (CONT’D)
dialog: Holden’s attitude toward
dialog: homosexuals is called into
dialog: question...
text: The note drops back on Minnie’s desk: Madame, my heart
dialog: contains nothing but admiration for you.
text: The bell rings, Minnie gathers her things. Ricky and his
text: friend ARNIE, another junior, blond and tall and preppy,
text: surround her desk.
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: ARNIE
dialog: Don’t listen to this bullshit
dialog: artist. You should probably write
dialog: notes to me.
speaker_heading: RICKY
dialog: He’s just jealous because he can
dialog: tell you like me.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Oh really?
speaker_heading: RICKY
dialog: You're fascinating, you know that?
speaker_heading: ARNIE
dialog: She's kinda looks like Angelica
dialog: Houston, don’t you think?
speaker_heading: RICKY
dialog: I see that. Angelica Houston is
text: incredibly beautiful.
text: Ricky flashes a winning smile. Minnie is flattered, and mute.
text: Moments later, a long-haired slacker boy named CHUCK, 16,
text: with a skateboard under his arm, approaches.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: What did they want?
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
text: Tweedle Dee and Tweedle Dipshit.
text: They watch Ricky and Arnie leave.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: They're nice.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: They're preppy and rich.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Oh, don’t be jealous, Chuck. Just
dialog: because Ricky Wasserman thinks I’m
dialog: fascinating.
text: Minnie and Chuck start to walk toward the door together.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: He didn’t say that.
dialog: 33
dialog: 34
dialog: 25.
text: Minnie laughs.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: I know. It’s so embarrassing.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Tell him to fuck off next time.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: No one that popular has ever talked
dialog: to me before. It was kinda
text: exhilarating.
text: As Minnie and Chuck pass the teacher's desk, he calls out.
scene_heading: COOL ENGLISH TEACHER
dialog: Ms. Goetze - next time I expect
dialog: some more participation from you, I
dialog: know you did the reading.
text: Minnie nods reluctantly on her way out.
text: FOOTAGE OF THE PATTY HEARST TRIAL 33
dialog: Patty Hearst being sentenced.
scene_heading: INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - THE LIVING ROOM - EARLY EVENING 34
text: Minnie comes in from school to find Monroe and Charlotte
text: smoking a joint, and drinking around the coffee table as
dialog: though nothing has happened.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: I just think it’s barbaric that she
dialog: was found guilty! Even if she knew
dialog: what she was doing in that bank -
dialog: she was still a prisoner...
text: Minnie turns on the TV, looking to Monroe to see if he’s
text: going to acknowledge her. He doesn’t. She stares at him.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE (CONT’D)
dialog: ..-Kidnapped, raped! Come on. She’s
dialog: a victim!
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: (grasping)
dialog: I don’t know. I guess it does seem
dialog: kinda counter-progressive or
dialog: something.
dialog: 35
dialog: 26.
text: Monroe takes a long drag. He looks between Minnie and
text: Charlotte, on either side. Minnie turns up the TV volume.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: (loudly over the TV)
dialog: It’s bullshit. It’s fascist,
dialog: misogynistic bullshit. You need to
dialog: pay more attention to this stuff.
dialog: Read the paper every once in a
dialog: while.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: Yeah, you've said that.
text: Charlotte shoots the rest of her drink, and exits for a
text: refill. Monroe, unsure, finally decides to follow Charlotte
text: into the kitchen. As he passes behind Minnie, he reaches out
text: and tickles her neck. She slaps his hand away.
speaker_heading: MONROE (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Don’t.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: Turn down the volume, bucko.
text: Monroe exits to the kitchen, Minnie seething. From the
text: kitchen, she can hear Charlotte’s giggles. Minnie sinks into
dialog: the couch.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS 35
text: Minnie stands in front of her mirror, wrapped in a towel. She
text: pulls the picture Monroe took of her after their first time
text: out from her pocket and slides it into the edge of the
dialog: mirror.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: (earnest asking)
dialog: What’s the point of living if
dialog: nobody loves you? Nobody sees you?
dialog: Nobody touches you?
text: She drops her towel and stands naked. She compares the
text: picture with her face in the mirror. And looks at her body.
dialog: Pink (01/08/2014) 27.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: I wish I were older than I am. It
dialog: feels like there are little weights
dialog: hanging from my heart that swing
dialog: and tug every time I move, every
text: time the wind blows.
scene_heading: FLASHBACK TO:
scene_heading: 36 INT. MONROE’S APARTMENT - DAY 36
text: Minnie and Monroe’s faces are close together.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: What’s your favorite color?
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: I don’t know. Blue? Why are you
dialog: asking me such stupid questions?
speaker_heading: CUT BACK TO:
scene_heading: 37 INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS 37
text: Minnie is still in front of the mirror, looking at her face.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: I want someone to be so totally in
dialog: love with me that they would feel
dialog: like they would die if I were gone.
text: She looks at the picture.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: Maybe Monroe could love me like
dialog: that? I am so warm. I want a body
dialog: with mine. I need a man.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: 38 INT. MONROE’S APARTMENT - DAY 38
text: Minnie and Monroe are having rousing sex under the covers,
text: with just the random limb poking out. Monroe finishes and
text: collapses on top of Minnie.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: (frustrated)
dialog: No, don’t stop.
dialog: 39
dialog: Yellow (01/16/2014) 28.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: Minnie, come on.
text: Monroe rolls off of her. Minnie stares at the ceiling, blue-
text: balled. She climbs on top of his back, but he’s already
text: falling asleep.
speaker_heading: MONROE (CONT'D)
dialog: We have to stop this. You just...
dialog: have some hold on me.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Why would you say that? Do you
dialog: think I’m fat?
text: She punches him. He laughs.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: You're so fucking confusing... with
dialog: your adult codes and bullshit.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: Minnie-
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: I’m used to the more honest means
dialog: of communication used between
dialog: children. I’m almost still a child,
dialog: you know.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: Hey, that’s why I said we have to
dialog: stop. It’s clearly too much for you
dialog: emotionally.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: But, I don’t want it to stop.
text: Monroe falls asleep. Minnie stares at the ceiling, confused
text: and frustrated and alone and blue-balled.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: I have no one to talk with about
dialog: this highly complicated matter...
scene_heading: INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - KITCHEN - DAY 39
text: Minnie and Charlotte sit at the table, eating peanut-butter
text: and jelly sandwiches and not talking.
dialog: Blue (12/17/2013) 29,
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: ..-If my mother wasn’t involved
dialog: with Monroe she could give me all
dialog: the advice in the world.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: Kimmie is so white trash, don’t you
dialog: think?
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: She is not!
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: I mean that in a good way- you
dialog: know, she's kind of salt of the
dialog: earth. I love her Farrah Fawcett
dialog: hairdo- it's so a la mode. I mean,
dialog: I'm really glad your hair isn't
dialog: like that, but it looks cute on
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Boys love Kimmie.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: (a little jealous)
dialog: Really? I dunno. She looks better
dialog: in pants than skirts though. Aren’t
dialog: her ankles sort of thick?
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: 40 EXT. BIG ROCK PARK - DAY 40
text: Minnie and Kimmie sit on a big rock in the park, watching
text: people walk by.
speaker_heading: KIMMIE
dialog: Your mom’s really gorgeous.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Oh, I dunno. I guess.
speaker_heading: KIMMIE
dialog: Aren’t you afraid she’1ll find out
dialog: about you and Monroe? What if they
dialog: get married? It’s so sick.
dialog: Kimmie loves the drama.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
dialog: Blue (12/17/2013) 30.
scene_heading: 4l INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS 41
text: Minnie and Charlotte are still eating their sandwiches.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: I guess Kimmie has a good body.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Mom!
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: You know. I hate to brag, Minnie.
dialog: But I was quite a piece when I was
dialog: your age.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: 42 EXT. BIG ROCK PARK - DAY — CONTINUOUS 42
text: Minnie and Kimmie are still on the big rock. Kimmie is
text: painting her toe nails.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Honestly, I feel like my mom is
dialog: just worried that I don’t have a
dialog: boyfriend. I mean, I don’t think
dialog: she wants me to get pregnant like
dialog: she did when she was my age, but...
speaker_heading: KIMMIE
dialog: (sort of listening)
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Obviously I can’t tell her about...
dialog: you know. What am I going to say?
dialog: “Mom, I’m sleeping with your
dialog: boyfriend”?
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: 43 INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS 43
text: Minnie stares at Charlotte intently. They are still eating
dialog: sandwiches.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: I don’t know what your problem is,
dialog: Minnie. I would think you would be
text: more into boys. Even Gretel has a
dialog: boyfriend.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE (CONT'D)
dialog: I mean he’s just that little short
dialog: Italian boy from her class but
dialog: still. Don’t you like anybody? You
dialog: can tell me.
text: There is a long pause. Minnie wants to tell her mom more than
text: anything. Instead, she shoves a big bite of her sandwich into
text: her mouth.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE (CONT’D)
dialog: God, when I was in high school, the
dialog: boys were all over me...
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Like... my dad?
text: Charlotte is surprised Minnie is bringing him up, but goes
dialog: with the memory.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: Oh, yeah. Your dad and I were crazy
dialog: about each other. He wasn’t so
dialog: messed up back then. Hadn’t ever
dialog: even smoked pot. He was just a
dialog: wannabe artist with a fuck-the-
dialog: world attitude. And he rode a
dialog: Triumph Blackbird. Have I ever told
dialog: you about that? Fuck, that was
dialog: fantastic!
text: Minnie doesn’t dare move.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE (CONT’D)
dialog: My parents hated him. It was so
dialog: hot. I knew I could call him any
dialog: time day or night and he would ride
dialog: that beautiful machine over to my
dialog: house and rescue me. And I’d hold
text: onto his waist, and scream!
dialog: God, that boy...
text: Charlotte lets out a languished sigh, gets up and starts
text: clearing the dishes. She shakes away the memory.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE (CONT’D)
dialog: You know, you aren’t always going
dialog: to have that body, Min. I know it’s
dialog: not exactly feminist to say, but I
dialog: think you'd be happier if you put
dialog: yourself out there a bit - a
dialog: little make-up, a skirt every once
dialog: in a while, jesus. Get a little
dialog: attention. You have a kind of
dialog: power, you just don’t know it yet.
dialog: 44
dialog: 45
dialog: Blue (12/17/2013) 32.
text: Minnie stares at her mom’s butt as she scrapes their plates
text: into the trash. This resonates with Minnie.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: EXT. BIG ROCK PARK - CONTINUOUS 44
text: On the rock.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Maybe I‘1l tell her when we’re both
text: old and grey, and Monroe is cold in
dialog: his grave, ya know?
speaker_heading: KIMMIE
dialog: (totally distracted)
dialog: Do you think I should start ironing
dialog: my hair straight? Or do you think
dialog: it’s kinda classic like this?
text: Minnie looks at her, stunned.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: I have no one to talk to!
scene_heading: INT - COMIC BOOK STORE - DAY 45
text: Minnie looks through the comic books listlessly.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: .+-Maybe I should just ignore
dialog: everything. But I like sex. I want
dialog: to get laid right now. I really
dialog: like getting fucked. Does everyone
dialog: think about fucking as much as I
dialog: do?
text: She sees a nerdy boy looking at comic books and imagines his
text: penis, animated and wagging, on top of his pants.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: ...-Am I a sexed-up freak or
dialog: something?
text: Minnie hears a commotion coming from the back of the store.
text: ALINE KOMINSKY, a bad-ass comic book artist, is doing a
text: signing. A group of comic book fans are lined up, enthralled.
text: Minnie peeks over the crowd and gets a glimpse of Aline- just
text: about the coolest woman she’s ever seen - she’s in awe.
text: Minnie approaches the OLD HIPPIE behind the register, balding
text: with a ponytail and a beard. He notices Minnie staring.
dialog: 46
dialog: 47
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: OLD HIPPIE
dialog: Aline Kominsky - “The Bunch”. She’s
dialog: good shit, man.
text: He hands her “Twisted Sisters”, a comic book with a woman
text: sitting on the toilet on the cover. The woman turns to Minnie
text: and winks. Minnie smiles to herself. This is something!
speaker_heading: BEGIN IMAGINING:
scene_heading: INT. COFFEE SHOP - DAY 46
text: Minnie sits drawing in a booth, Aline Kominsky’s comic book
text: open in front of her. She traces one of Aline’s drawings.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: I've decided Aline Kominsky is my
dialog: favorite cartoonist.
text: Minnie imagines an animated version of ALINE KOMINSKY,
text: beautiful and rough with a big ass, working intently at a
text: drawing table. Minnie watches her.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: She must be beautiful and work all
text: the time, at a little drawing
text: table, with R. Crumb nearby at his
dialog: drawing table.
text: A COMIC R. CRUMB, as he draws himself, works nearby.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: Everyone thinks he’s the brilliant
dialog: one but I bet she gives him all of
dialog: his ideas. And they talk about
text: their pens and other equipment.
text: The comic figures mingle with each other, laughing and
text: looking at their artwork. Aline sparkles.
scene_heading: INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - THE LIVING ROOM - EVENING 47
text: Minnie enters - the house has been tidied. A colorful afghan
text: is folded neatly and slung over the couch. There is music
text: playing on the record player, and the table is set for two
text: with a table cloth and candles. Minnie hears her mom loudly
text: crying from the kitchen. She shoots Gretel a look, who
text: shrugs, a little scared, and goes back to her book. Minnie
text: motions for Gretel to go to her. Gretel shakes her head like
text: “hell no!”. Minnie tip-toes to the doorway and watches her
text: mom, dressed in a skirt and heels, sitting on a stool in the
text: kitchen, head in her hands, sobbing loudly.
dialog: 48
dialog: 49
dialog: 50
dialog: Blue (12/17/2013) 34.
text: Some peas boil over on the stove. Minnie doesn’t move, she
text: just watches, out of sight, terrified and guilty.
scene_heading: INT. MINNIE’S BEDROOM —- CONTINUOUS 48
text: Minnie rushes into her room, kicking her chair and stuff as
dialog: she goes.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: I feel like all of Monroe’s excuses
dialog: not to come over here are excuses
dialog: not to see me. But my mom thinks
dialog: it’s about her.
text: Minnie pulls out a piece of paper and starts scribbling.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: Dear Monroe. I know you think I’m
dialog: fat. But I don’t care because I
dialog: know that black guys the world
dialog: over...
scene_heading: EXT. MONROE’S CAR - IN FRONT OF HIS HOUSE - EVENING 49
text: Monroe arrives at his car and finds the note pinned under his
text: windshield wiper. He reads.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: -..and also Italian construction
dialog: workers and wetbacks and old men
dialog: and also some lesbians like fat
dialog: girls even if you don't, so there.
dialog: Love, Little Minnie.
text: Monroe rolls his eyes, and crumples the letter. He shoves it
text: in his pocket.
scene_heading: INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - BEDROOM - A DIFFERENT DAY 50
text: The phone rings and Minnie leaps for it.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: PASCAL’S VOICE
dialog: Minnie.
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: (disappointed, into phone)
dialog: Pascal.
speaker_heading: PASCAL’S VOICE
dialog: Don’t sound so excited.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Sorry.
speaker_heading: PASCAL’S VOICE
dialog: Did you get your biology test back?
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: B-minus.
speaker_heading: PASCAL’S VOICE
dialog: Not bad.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: How’s New York?
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: 51 INT. PASCAL’S HOUSE - EVENING 51
text: Pascal, a professorial man, sits at a small but pretentious
text: desk in his study in New York.
speaker_heading: PASCAL
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Stimulating. Intellectually and
dialog: otherwise. You would love it here.
dialog: The libraries alone elevate it far
dialog: above San Francisco.
speaker_heading: MINNIE’S VOICE
dialog: Sounds cool.
speaker_heading: PASCAL
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: You know that if you ever decide
dialog: that you want to broaden your
dialog: horizons, Minnie - New York is a
dialog: great place for a young lady. You
dialog: could live with me. I was your
dialog: surrogate father for many years and
dialog: that doesn’t end just because your
dialog: mother and I are no longer legally
dialog: bound.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
dialog: 36.
scene_heading: 52 INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS 52
text: Minnie draws while she balances the phone on her ear. In her
text: notebook are many tracings she’s done of Aline Kominsky’s
dialog: comic book cover.
speaker_heading: PASCAL’S VOICE
dialog: What are you reading nowadays?
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: (into phone)
text: Ummm. Searching for Mr. Goodbar.
dialog: Did you ever finish it?
speaker_heading: PASCAL’S VOICE
dialog: Please, that inflammatory fiction?
dialog: I just finished The Final Days
dialog: about the end of Nixon’s
dialog: administration. It’s darkly
dialog: fascinating to witness how well he
text: fares while his dreams crash around
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: I’m reading some cool comic books
dialog: too.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: 53 INT. PASCAL’S HOUSE - EVENING 53
speaker_heading: PASCAL
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Well, that’s a waste of a good
dialog: mind. I’m sending you a book on
dialog: flies.
dialog: (then)
dialog: So... where’s your mother?
speaker_heading: MINNIE’S VOICE
dialog: I don’t know. She’s not back from
dialog: work yet.
speaker_heading: PASCAL
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Is she coming home tonight?
speaker_heading: MINNIE’S VOICE
dialog: I guess. She didn’t say she wasn’t.
dialog: She usually finishes at the library
dialog: at 6.
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: PASCAL
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Who’s she going out with these
dialog: days?
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: 54 MINNIE’S HOUSE - BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS 54
text: Minnie is drawing.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: I didn’t say she was going out with
dialog: anyone! You don’t even listen to
dialog: me, Pascal.
speaker_heading: PASCAL’S VOICE
dialog: That’s not true, Minnie.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Besides, mom isn’t even partying
dialog: really. She’s like a monk. Or a nun
dialog: or whatever.
scene_heading: FLASHBACK TO:
scene_heading: 55 INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - THE LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 55
text: Charlotte and her friends sit around in the dark passing a
text: joint and sniffing cocaine. BURT, a stoned guy in his 40s
text: with a mustache, and MICHAEL COCAINE, a 45 year old lawyer
text: with a coke habit, mingle. ANDREA, late 20s, Charlotte’s
text: slightly dumb friend, turns to Michael Cocaine, high:
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: Wait, is this why they call you
dialog: Michael Cocaine?
text: Everyone starts laughing.
speaker_heading: CUT BACK TO:
scene_heading: 56 INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS 56
text: Minnie holds the phone reluctantly to her ear.
speaker_heading: PASCAL’S VOICE
dialog: Well, don’t tell her I was asking
dialog: about her....
dialog: 57
dialog: Pink (01/08/2014) 38.
text: His voice fades out. Minnie draws herself, as a distorted
text: cartoon. Animated Minnie begins to move on the page, as she
dialog: draws.
speaker_heading: BEGIN IMAGINING:
text: Animated Minnie, with hairy legs, strides through San
text: Francisco, boldly.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: Dear Aline Kominsky, Hello. My name
dialog: is Minnie and I am an aspiring
dialog: cartoonist.
text: Animated Minnie meets different boys along her journey. She
text: keeps walking, morphing. Sometimes she has big thighs,
text: sometimes her head is very small. Sometimes her breasts bulge
text: from her shirt. She keeps walking.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: I am a huge fan of yours. Most
dialog: cartoons don't amuse me at all, but
dialog: I love yours. I've just completed
dialog: my first real comic. It's only one
dialog: page. It's about walking around in
dialog: the city. I used India Ink but I
dialog: wasn't sure what kind of paper to
dialog: use. What do you use? With
dialog: admiration, Minnie Goetze.
text: Animated Minnie disappears into the city.
speaker_heading: END IMAGINING:
scene_heading: INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - KITCHEN/LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 57
text: Minnie and Gretel sit eating a sad dinner together. Minnie
text: pokes at her peas on her plate, despondent. Gretel sits
text: across from her, filing her nails.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
text: It stirs up a kind of frustrated
dialog: passion in my heart to think of
dialog: Monroe sometimes, to think about
dialog: him out with my mother.
speaker_heading: GRETEL
dialog: Mom said I could go to a boy/girl
text: party on Saturday at Lindsay's.
dialog: Anthony's taking me.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: So?
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: GRETEL
dialog: I just thought it was cool of her.
dialog: All of my friends are always like
dialog: telling me that I have such a hip
dialog: mom, like my friend Jane-
text: Minnie is unimpressed. They hear a commotion from the other
text: room. Minnie jumps up, and runs to her room.
text: Monroe, Charlotte, Burt, Michael Cocaine, and Andrea come
text: home. They’re drunk and/or high. Monroe collapses on the
text: couch and closes his eyes. Charlotte gets on top of him,
text: straddling him. Minnie emerges from her room with a tiny
text: present, wrapped in the funnies, she watches from just
text: outside the door.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: (wasted)
dialog: No, don’t be a drag! We haven't
dialog: sung to you yet.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: But I’m tired!
speaker_heading: MICHAEL COCAINE
dialog: Fuck that. Take this.
text: He hands Monroe a line which Monroe snorts.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: (raising her glass)
dialog: I’m gonna make another toast. To
dialog: Monroe on his birthday- It never
dialog: gets better than this!
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: It never gets better than 35?
dialog: Fucking kill me!
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: Happy Birthday!
text: They all drink. Monroe kisses Charlotte sloppily.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: I wish I was in his arms. I wish I
text: was in his bed.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: (raising his glass)
dialog: You're such a fucking good woman,
dialog: Charlotte. You’re beautiful, you’re
dialog: smart.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 58
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: MONROE (CONT'D)
dialog: There aren't enough women like that
dialog: in California. Right, Burt?
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Yep.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: (offended)
dialog: Hey!
text: Monroe sees Minnie watching.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: Look at Minnie over there. She’s
dialog: such a good shit. You made that,
dialog: Charlotte. Come here, Minnie. It’s
dialog: my birthday.
text: Minnie doesn’t go to him. Charlotte watches this, with an
text: inkling of suspicion.
speaker_heading: MONROE (CONT'D)
dialog: (raising his glass again)
dialog: Minnie’s such a... a...
dialog: (everyone pauses, tense)
dialog: Great kid.
text: Monroe looks fucked up. His eyes are dilated and half open.
text: Minnie bolts. She throws the tiny present in the trash.
scene_heading: EXT. RICH PRIVATE HIGH SCHOOL - STEPS - DAY 58
text: Minnie sits on the school steps, as students mill about her.
text: Two teenagers make out nearby. Minnie watches with little
dialog: hesitation.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: I have to say, I have almost
dialog: completely forgotten about
dialog: Monroe... it’s like it never
dialog: happened.
text: She looks at some of her fellow students, who ignore her.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: I wonder if anybody loves me that I
dialog: don’t know about...
text: Chuck skates up to Minnie and sits next to her. He lights up
text: a cigarette.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Hey Minnie.
dialog: Blue (12/17/2013) 41.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Hey, Chuck.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I heard you got put on academic
dialog: probation and you might get kicked
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Bogue.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: (shrugging)
dialog: I’m not really thinking about it. I
dialog: want to be an artist anyway, and so
dialog: school is essentially pointless for
dialog: me.
text: They sit in silence for a while. He smokes. Across the lawn,
text: Minnie spots Ricky Wasserman getting into his fancy sports
dialog: car.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Um-—
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: I'll be right back.
text: She jumps up and heads over to Ricky. A few girls are just
text: walking away as she approaches. They glare at Minnie as they
dialog: go.
speaker_heading: RICKY
dialog: Well, if it isn’t mon cherie.
text: Chuck looks on, disappointed.
speaker_heading: RICKY (CONT'D)
dialog: (slyly)
dialog: What’re you doing right now?
text: Minnie’s eyes light up.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
dialog: 59
dialog: 60
dialog: 61
dialog: 62
dialog: 42.
scene_heading: EXT. RICKY WASSERMAN’S HOUSE - BACKYARD - DAY 59
text: Ricky dives naked into the extravagant blue pool, with
text: perfect form. He comes out glistening from the water, and
text: looks up at Minnie who stands nervously, still clothed at the
text: edge of the pool. The house behind her is a mansion: huge and
text: pristine.
speaker_heading: RICKY
dialog: What are you waiting for? Don’t be
dialog: scared.
text: Minnie thinks, and then peels off her top.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: Sometimes the beauty of a boy makes
dialog: me want to cry.
scene_heading: INT. RICKY WASSERMAN’S HOUSE - POOLHOUSE - LATER 60
text: Minnie and Ricky hump in the poolhouse, amongst the blow-up
text: pool-toys and towels. The sun glistens on Ricky’s young body
text: as he goes at it, rabbit-style. Minnie’s not into this.
text: Ricky looks very pleased with his jackhammering, until Minnie
text: flips him over. She slows him down, controlling the pace like
text: a pro, moving her body with confidence. Ricky is overwhelmed.
text: She is leading this dance, but doesn’t notice his discomfort.
text: She moans and screams out, like a grown woman.
text: Birds fly overhead, the trees rustle. Minnie cums, Ricky
text: looks uncomfortable, music crescendos and then silence.
scene_heading: INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - EVENING 61
text: Minnie enters, her hair still wet from the pool at Ricky's.
text: Monroe and Charlotte are curled up on the couch, Charlotte’s
text: long legs bare and on display. Minnie walks right past Monroe
text: and he spots a small hickey on her neck. She pays him no
text: mind, and struts into her room, pleased with herself. Monroe
text: looks after her, a little jealous.
scene_heading: EXT. RICH PRIVATE HIGH SCHOOL - STREET —- MORNING 62
text: Minnie approaches the front steps of the school where Ricky
text: and Arnie are posted. Minnie waves at Ricky. He waves back,
text: tentatively, and whispers something to Arnie, turning away.
text: A horn honks. Minnie notices Monroe’s beat up car idling in
text: front of the school. She glances to Ricky and then goes up to
text: the car and sticks her head in his rolled down window.
dialog: 63
dialog: Green (01/19/2014) 43.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: Come on, fat ass!
text: Minnie is pleased, and gets in the car, Ricky looks on.
scene_heading: EXT. MARINA - DOCK - LATER THAT DAY 63
text: Minnie and Monroe walk along the docks, near a boat. Minnie
dialog: is antsy.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: Look at this day!
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Are we gonna go to your place?
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: I thought you wanted to look at
dialog: boats with me.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Well, yeah I do. But then are we
dialog: gonna go to your place?
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: What’re you? Some kind of nympho or
dialog: something?
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: No! Fuck you. You're so disgusting!
text: She pushes him. He laughs it off.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I don’t know why you even brought
dialog: me here.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: Don’t get nervous in the service,
dialog: kid! We’re just gonna take a look
dialog: at this boat real quick.
dialog: (then, sheepishly)
dialog: You look really nice today.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: You look pretty. And you’re not
dialog: fat. You know you have a great
dialog: body.
dialog: 64
dialog: Green (01/19/2014) 44,
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: I do not.
text: He leads her toward a boat, and a MAN, in his 60s and looks
text: it, comes out of it.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: (quietly to Minnie)
text: There he is. He looks like a real
dialog: sailor.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Howdy. You the one called about the
dialog: boat?
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: That’s me.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Take a look around. I’1l wait for
dialog: you on the dock.
text: Monroe helps Minnie onboard.
scene_heading: I/E BOAT - CABIN - MOMENTS LATER 64
text: Minnie looks around the tiny boat cabin. Monroe runs his
text: hands over the contours of the boat.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: Man this is a beautiful boat, don't
dialog: you think?
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: I guess. I like this little
dialog: kitchen.
dialog: Green (01/19/2014) 45.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: Hey, want to take a trip around the
dialog: world? I'd make you first mate?
text: He throws her a beer from him pocket. He pops one for himself
text: and sits at the dinette.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: (suddenly interested)
dialog: Like Gilligan?
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: Like Gilligan. I’1l put you to work
dialog: in the galley. And we'd get a cat
dialog: for the ship.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: It’s like a little house.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Are you really going to get it?
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: Well, I kinda wish it was blue.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: (taking this seriously)
dialog: Yeah, me too.
text: Monroe looks out the window at the sea and is quiet.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: But I really am gonna buy a boat. I
dialog: just have to wait till my vitamin
dialog: business takes off. I'm gonna build
dialog: up a mail-order empire and then
dialog: sell it and retire when I'm 45.
dialog: Then I’1l get my boat. Become the
dialog: captain of my own destiny. One day
dialog: I'll just sail away. I won't even
dialog: say goodbye. To anyone. Just
dialog: leave...
text: He is pensive and beautiful. Minnie kisses him.
speaker_heading: MONROE (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey!
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: What’d I tell you? Minnie. We gotta
dialog: lay low.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: Green (01/19/2014)
speaker_heading: MONROE (CONT'D)
dialog: If you want to keep this thing up,
dialog: you can't call so much attention to
dialog: us.
speaker_heading: 45aA.
dialog: Yellow (01/16/2014) 45a.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: I can do what I want.
dialog: 46.
text: She pulls on his belt.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: Jesus, Minnie. Don’t.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: You afraid the sailor will hear us?
dialog: You chicken?
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: (taking the bait)
dialog: Oh. Someone’s asking for it. Aren't
dialog: you? Maybe you need to be
dialog: restrained, huh?
text: He goes for her, she runs, bounding over the little table.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Don’t touch me, you big fat lout.
text: He grabs her, and throws her over his shoulder, she kicks,
dialog: loving this.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: Ahh. Yer getting feisty, huh? Stop
dialog: wiggling. I’ve got you.
text: Monroe throws her onto the boat’s bed, pinning her down.
speaker_heading: MONROE (CONT'D)
dialog: Is that what you want? That’s what
dialog: you want, huh?
text: Minnie squirms and screams, playfully.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: (playful)
dialog: Help! I’m being raped!
text: Monroe covers her mouth with his hand. He stares at her,
text: holding her down. She is loving this. She bites his hand.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: Ow. Damnit.
text: He pins her arms down, and starts kissing her neck and
text: stomach. Minnie’s body quivers under his kisses.
dialog: 65
dialog: 66
dialog: 47.
scene_heading: EXT. MARINA - BOAT - CONTINUOUS 65
text: The boat rocks back and forth in the marina, while the owner
text: of the boat nods off in a folding chair on the dock.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MONROE'S APARTMENT — EVENING 66
text: Minnie and Monroe lie in his bed, post-coital. Monroe is
text: looking at Minnie’s notebook of drawings, while she waits for
text: his response, wrapped in his arms.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: You shouldn’t really show these to
dialog: people.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: I mean... it’s just gonna weird
dialog: people out. It’s so... freaky.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Are they supposed to be sexy?
text: Monroe closes the book, tossing it off the bed. Pause.
speaker_heading: MONROE (CONT'D)
dialog: So, who’s that boy?
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Who? You mean Ricky Wasserman?
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: I guess. What is he, Jewish?
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: What’dyou care?
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: I gotta take you home.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: Minnie.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: No, no, no. I don’t wanna go yet.
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: Minnie, it’s time.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: But Monroe...
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: (mimicking)
dialog: But Minnie...
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Why are you trying to get rid of
dialog: me?
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: Oh my god.
text: Minnie slips out of the bed.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: It’s not fair. I never see you. I’m
dialog: not leaving. I’m gonna run down the
dialog: hall completely naked. I bet your
dialog: neighbor will see me.
text: She makes a dash for the door, and Monroe, also somewhat
text: naked jumps up after her, slamming the door before she can
text: get out. He grabs her.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: Stop it, Minnie. This is not funny.
text: She kisses him, winning him over.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Monroe, will you tell me about your
dialog: parents?
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: What? No.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: But you tell my mother everything
dialog: about your life. Please?
text: Monroe wriggles out of Minnie’s grasp, walks away.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: No. You're fucking hyper, Minnie.
dialog: I’m taking you home.
text: Monroe starts dressing.
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: No. Monroe! Come BACK here.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Hey. I SAID: COME BACK HERE!
text: Her shouts stop him in his tracks. He turns to Minnie, who
text: stands naked and serious with her hands on her hips. She is a
text: sight. He looks at her like “what?”.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I think we need to talk about our
dialog: relationship.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: We do?
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: I’m serious.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: I know you are.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Don’t laugh at me.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: Okay.
text: Minnie runs to him, punching him hard.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Don’t laugh at me.
text: Monroe contains her flailing.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Don’t-
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: Hey. Calm down.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Get your hands off of me or-
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: Yeah, or what?
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Or I’m gonna tell my mother!
text: Pause. Monroe drops Minnie’s shoulders, turning away.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: What?
dialog: Yellow (01/16/2014) 50.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: Don't.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: You can’t take it?
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: Get dressed, Minnie.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: NO.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: I’m taking you home.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: You ruined it. You’re a fucking
dialog: child, Minnie. I should tell your
dialog: mother.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Go ahead!
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: Maybe I will. Maybe I will, Minnie.
dialog: You think you can manipulate me
dialog: like that? What are you trying at?
dialog: Huh? You’re not supposed to do
dialog: that, not you. Not you. FUCK.
text: He explodes, and storms off. There is a long pause. Minnie
text: has started crying. Eventually, Monroe notices.
speaker_heading: MONROE (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh, god.
text: He takes a deep breath, and goes to her. He wraps her into a
text: reluctant hug. She sobs on his shoulder.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: I hate you.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: No you don’t.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Yes I do. I hate you more than
dialog: anything.
dialog: 67
dialog: 68
dialog: Yellow (01/16/2014) 51.
text: Monroe rocks with her, while she cries.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: Well. I like you.
text: Minnie cries.
scene_heading: EXT. SAN FRANCISCO - BAY 67
text: Shots of San Francisco, in all its beauty.
scene_heading: INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - BEDROOM - DAY 68
text: C/U on Minnie’s face, almost screaming. Is she upset or
dialog: excited?
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: Fuck Monroe. He was too old for me
dialog: anyway. It was kinda sick, if you
dialog: think about it. Dirty old man.
text: Widen out, Minnie and Kimmie are dancing, jumping on the bed,
text: and singing at the top of their lungs along to The Rolling
dialog: Stones.
speaker_heading: MINNIE/KIMMIE
dialog: (singing)
text: But BAAAAABYYYY BABY....
text: Minnie does a jump-kick off of the bed. Kimmie flips her hair
dialog: around.
speaker_heading: MINNIE/KIMMIE (CONT'D)
dialog: (singing)
dialog: I don’t need no jewels in my crown.
dialog: Yellow (01/16/2014) 52.
text: Kimmie picks up the album cover and starts licking the
text: picture of Jagger on the cover.
speaker_heading: KIMMIE
dialog: Minnie- look at me! Look -
text: She licks the crotch of the album.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: EWWWW! What’re you doing?
speaker_heading: KIMMIE
dialog: Oh my god! I swear I feel Mick
dialog: Jagger's dick. Minnie you gotta try
dialog: this. Just lick his dick right
dialog: through his pants- try it! It
dialog: really feels like there's something
dialog: there!
text: Minnie takes the record, and skeptically licks.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Oh my god! It does feel like he has
dialog: a dick in there. Ohhh. And it's
dialog: hard too!
text: Kimmie turns the music down and plops on the floor.
speaker_heading: KIMMIE
dialog: I would suck Mick Jagger's dick.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Really? Doesn’t he seem a little
dialog: gay to you?
speaker_heading: KIMMIE
dialog: What? No! He’s androgenous. It’s
dialog: hot.
text: Kimmie reaches for a joint and relights it. She inhales. They
text: pass the joint between them.
speaker_heading: KIMMIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m not gonna see you for like
dialog: three weeks.
speaker_heading: Blue (12/17/2013) 52A.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Shit.
speaker_heading: KIMMIE
dialog: Will you write to me while I’m
dialog: visiting colleges back east?
text: Minnie pulls a package of letters out from her desk drawer.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: I wrote you a few letters so you
dialog: can space them out during your
dialog: trip.
speaker_heading: KIMMIE
dialog: Thanks!
text: Kimmie hugs her. Minnie lies back, getting stoned.
speaker_heading: KIMMIE (CONT'D)
dialog: What’dyou think you’re gonna do?
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: About what?
speaker_heading: KIMMIE
dialog: College?
dialog: 53.
text: This hits Minnie.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: I have no idea.
speaker_heading: KIMMIE
dialog: Oh hey. You know that mixed couple
dialog: I baby-sit for?
dialog: (Minnie shakes her head)
dialog: Well anyway, the dad, Marcus? Is
dialog: black-
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: God, I love black guys. They look
dialog: so tough and they always smell so
dialog: gutsy.
speaker_heading: KIMMIE
dialog: I give him blow-jobs all the time.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: No way.
speaker_heading: KIMMIE
dialog: Yeah. He comes home from bowling
text: early, while his skinny white wife
text: is still out with her girlfriends
dialog: and I suck his dick until tears
dialog: come to my eyes. I have to put
text: Vaseline all over my lips because
dialog: his dick is so big it feels like my
dialog: mouth is going to rip at the
dialog: corners.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: What? Wait, how big is it really?
text: Kimmie motions about eleven inches, and thick. She and Minnie
dialog: laugh.
speaker_heading: KIMMIE
dialog: He wants to screw me but I’m way
dialog: too scared.
text: Minnie’s mind is blown.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
text: And now, the making of a harlot.
speaker_heading: BEGIN IMAGINING:
dialog: 69
dialog: 70
dialog: 71
dialog: Pink (01/08/2014) 54.
scene_heading: EXT. SAN FRANCISCO - DAY 69
text: A Comic San Francisco. The Golden Gate Bridge peeks up out of
text: the fog in small pyramids.
text: Cartoon Minnie, fifty feet tall slouches as she traverses the
text: hilly landscape in large giantess steps.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: She was a young girl driven astray
text: by the lustful lure of the flesh.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: I/E. RICKY WASSERMAN’S CAR - OUTSIDE RICKY’S HOUSE - NIGHT 70
text: Minnie and Ricky are about to have sex in his car.
speaker_heading: CUT BACK TO:
text: Animated Minnie picks up a tiny animated Ricky Wasserman from
text: the street, and holds him in her fist, like King Kong.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: She looked every bit the harlot she
dialog: was bound to become, with her
text: brassiere straps exposed, with her
text: tight pants that rode up snugly at
text: the crotch, almost like a horse,
text: when viewed from behind. He was a
dialog: beautiful junior, rich and famous
dialog: in high-school. His name? Ricky
dialog: Wasserman. What is he, Jewish?
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: I/E. RICKY WASSERMAN’S CAR - OUTSIDE RICKY’S HOUSE - NIGHT 71
text: Ricky stops them.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: RICKY
dialog: You're just so... intense.
text: Minnie is shamed.
speaker_heading: CUT BACK TO:
text: Animated Ricky squirms in Minnie’s animated giant hand.
dialog: 72
dialog: 73
dialog: Goldenrod (02/02/2014) 55.
speaker_heading: ANIMATED RICKY
text: (in a small, squeaky
dialog: voice)
dialog: «+. there’s something about having
dialog: sex with you that scares me,
dialog: Minnie. You’re just so passionate.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: (in a deep “giant” voice)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ANIMATED RICKY
dialog: (squeaky )
dialog: I mean, I just have never
dialog: experienced someone who had sex
dialog: like that.
text: Animated Minnie’s eyes fill with tears.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: I/E. RICKY WASSERMAN’S CAR - OUTSIDE RICKY’S HOUSE - NIGHT 72
text: Minnie slams the door to his car, running from it.
speaker_heading: CUT BACK TO:
text: Animated Minnie throws tiny Ricky to the ground, and stomps
text: off to the hills with her head down, crying like a sad giant.
speaker_heading: END IMAGINING:
text: Minnie slams her notebook shut on a drawing of a sad giant
text: Minnie in the city. She sticks her notebook in her bag, and
text: runs off.
scene_heading: INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - THE LIVING ROOM - CONTINUOUS 73
text: Minnie enters, with tear stained cheeks, to find Charlotte
text: sprawled on the floor of the apartment, the record player
text: skipping. She looks dead.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: MOM?!
text: Minnie runs to her mom, terrified, shaking her. Charlotte
text: eventually stirs, just as Andrea emerges from the kitchen,
text: joint in her mouth, putting on a record, unaware.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: Minnie’s home!
dialog: Goldenrod (02/02/2014) 56.
text: Charlotte pulls Minnie down to the ground, snuggling with
text: her. Andrea starts dancing to the disco song.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE (CONT’D)
dialog: My little girl, girl, girl! Isn't
dialog: Minnie so pretty, Andrea?
speaker_heading: ANDREA
text: Yes! She looks like a little doll.
text: Charlotte holds Minnie’s face, looking closely at it, and
text: kisses her on the lips. Andrea dances, pulling Charlotte up
text: off the ground and away from Minnie. Minnie watches as
text: Charlotte and Andrea dance together.
speaker_heading: ANDREA (CONT'D)
dialog: Come here, Minnie! I wanna dance
dialog: with you!
text: She pulls Minnie up from the floor. Charlotte and Andrea,
text: flanking Minnie on either side, start “bumping” Minnie’s hips
text: back and forth. Minnie looks between the two of them,
text: laughing and loving being bounced back and forth.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: My mother doesn’t touch me much if
dialog: she can avoid it. She used to touch
dialog: me a lot, in a motherly way, when I
dialog: was little. But then:
scene_heading: FLASHBACK TO:
dialog: Many years earlier
text: Charlotte sits at Pascal’s feet while he reads the paper,
text: eerily similar to the photo of them.
speaker_heading: PASCAL
dialog: There’s something sexual about
dialog: Minnie’s need for physical
dialog: affection from you. It’s not
dialog: natural.
speaker_heading: CUT BACK TO:
text: The ladies are laughing, still dancing around. Minnie is
dialog: loving this.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: Let’s send Minnie out to get us
dialog: more wine.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: We finished it already?
speaker_heading: + FF HHH
speaker_heading: + eH
speaker_heading: Goldenrod (02/02/2014) 56A.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: How long have you been home?
text: Andrea looks nervous. Charlotte stops dancing, but the music
dialog: continues.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I thought you were working late.
text: The spell is broken.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: Well I got fired from the library
dialog: today, so I’m not working late.
dialog: Okay? Does that make you happy?
text: Charlotte exits, muttering under her breath. Minnie feels
dialog: awful.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
text: (on her way out, after
dialog: Charlotte)
dialog: Don’t worry about it, sweetie. It’s
dialog: not you.
text: Minnie is crushed. The disco record plays on but nobody is
dialog: dancing.
dialog: +e HF FF *
dialog: %
dialog: 74
dialog: Blue (12/17/2013) 57.
scene_heading: INT. BEATNIK COFFEE HOUSE - DAY 74
text: Minnie and Gretel walk into the snobby coffee shop, filled
text: with college students and professors. They look around.
text: Pascal waves them over to his tiny table. Minnie and Gretel
text: approach. He’s not french, but he wishes he were.
speaker_heading: PASCAL
dialog: Bonjour.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Bonjour, Pascal.
speaker_heading: GRETEL
dialog: Hi.
text: Pascal puts out his hand for a shake. Minnie and Pascal have
text: an awkward greeting: a sort-of hand shake with a hug tacked
dialog: on.
speaker_heading: PASCAL
dialog: No. Don’t you remember how I taught
dialog: you to shake hands? You do it
dialog: firmly. Look directly into the
text: other man’s eyes, thinking to
dialog: yourself ‘I’m better than you, you
dialog: son-of-a-bitch’.
text: Minnie lets this sink in. She says with her eyes: I’m better
dialog: than you, you son-of-a-bitch.
speaker_heading: GRETEL
dialog: Lemme’ try!
text: She takes Pascal’s hand opening her eyes wide, almost crazy.
speaker_heading: PASCAL
dialog: Bravo.
text: He pats Gretel on the back. The three sit. Pascal has three
text: coffees ready. He sips his.
speaker_heading: PASCAL (CONT'D)
dialog: I don’t see you two enough. That
dialog: much is evident by your handshakes.
speaker_heading: GRETEL
dialog: I’m supposed to be at my friend’s
dialog: house by 3. Just so you know,
dialog: Pascal.
speaker_heading: PASCAL
dialog: Gretel, call me dad. Please.
speaker_heading: GRETEL
dialog: Jeez. Okay.
speaker_heading: PASCAL
dialog: I’m glad you finally reached out.
dialog: It lined up nicely with a trip to
dialog: my publishers.
text: Pascal looks around the coffee shop.
speaker_heading: PASCAL (CONT'D)
dialog: I forgot how many eccentrics there
dialog: were in San Francisco.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: You’ve only been gone for a year.
speaker_heading: PASCAL
dialog: Feels like a lot longer. Look at
dialog: you young ladies. You look older.
dialog: How’s school?
speaker_heading: MINNIE/GRETEL
dialog: Fine.
speaker_heading: PASCAL
dialog: (to Minnie)
dialog: How’s your pal, Kimmie?
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: You always ask about her. Is she my
dialog: only friend whose name you can
dialog: remember?
speaker_heading: PASCAL
dialog: What? No. I just know her parents.
dialog: They’re good people-
speaker_heading: MINNIE
text: She's visiting colleges. She’s in
dialog: Boston then I think she’s going to
dialog: New York next week.
speaker_heading: PASCAL
dialog: That’s good. You should be thinking
dialog: about the same things. You’ve got a
dialog: good head on your shoulders Minnie.
dialog: I imagine you may be a writer one
text: day. A penniless, but certainly
dialog: absorbing occupation. And how is
dialog: your mother?
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Um, she’s doing really well-
dialog: 58.
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: GRETEL
dialog: She got fired.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
speaker_heading: GRETEL!
speaker_heading: GRETEL
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: PASCAL
dialog: She WHAT?!
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: She got laid off. It wasn’t her
dialog: fault.
speaker_heading: PASCAL
dialog: Girls, what you may not understand
dialog: about your mother, is she is and
dialog: has always been incapable of taking
dialog: responsibility for her own life.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Don't talk about our mom like that,
dialog: please.
speaker_heading: GRETEL
dialog: Yeah, Pascal. Don’t talk about our
dialog: mom, please!
speaker_heading: PASCAL
dialog: Dad! And- okay, can we stop the
dialog: inquisition?
speaker_heading: GRETEL
dialog: I’m gonna see if they have iced
dialog: tea. I hate coffee.
speaker_heading: PASCAL
dialog: You know, I’m not the bad the guy
dialog: here. Just because your mother and
dialog: I no longer share a marital bed-
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Oh my god, gross.
text: Pascal leans in to talk seriously to Minnie.
speaker_heading: PASCAL
dialog: You have to understand - it’s
dialog: difficult to go from raising you
dialog: and your sister to barely having a
dialog: say in your decisions.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Whose choice was that?
speaker_heading: PASCAL
dialog: Well, if you must know, it was your
dialog: mother’s.
text: This is news to Minnie. There’s a long pause.
speaker_heading: PASCAL (CONT'D)
dialog: Not to say I was without fault.
dialog: Your mother became increasingly
dialog: frightening to me in some sense.
dialog: She did not live life according to
dialog: rules I understood.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Pascal - do you really want to
dialog: help?
speaker_heading: PASCAL
dialog: I do. I really do.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Because, mom doesn’t have a job
dialog: anymore, and she’s looking for
dialog: another one but... we kinda don’t
dialog: have any money.
text: Pascal lets out a big sigh.
speaker_heading: PASCAL
dialog: Ah.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: She doesn’t know I’m asking you.
speaker_heading: PASCAL
dialog: I get it. You’re trying to help.
dialog: But neither of us can help her,
dialog: Minnie. Not really.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Well, five hundred dollars -
speaker_heading: PASCAL
dialog: I mean, really help.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: That's bullshit. You could help if
dialog: you cared about us.
dialog: 75
dialog: Yellow (01/16/2014) 61.
speaker_heading: PASCAL
dialog: Hey. I care about you, Minnie. I
dialog: care about your well-being. That is
dialog: why I’m paying for that rich hippie
dialog: school of yours.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: No, you just want to be able to
dialog: tell everyone that your step-kid is
dialog: good at science or something. You
dialog: don’t care about me.
text: She starts to tear up.
speaker_heading: PASCAL
dialog: This conversation is closed. You’re
dialog: getting emotional.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Fine.
text: They sit in silence for a moment. Gretel returns to the
text: table, unaware.
speaker_heading: PASCAL
dialog: If your mom wants something from
dialog: me, she needs to ask me herself.
speaker_heading: GRETEL
dialog: Ask you what, Pascal?
speaker_heading: PASCAL
dialog: DAD! For fuck’s sake.
text: He quiets down when he realizes everyone is looking at him.
scene_heading: INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - THE LIVING ROOM - LATER THAT DAY 75
text: Minnie enters, leaving the front door open, surprised to see
text: Monroe on the couch.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: What’re you doing here?
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: You forgot this.
text: Monroe throws Minnie her sweatshirt, which hits her in the
text: face. Monroe smiles until he notices that Pascal has appeared
text: in the doorway, behind Minnie.
speaker_heading: Yellow (01/16/2014) 61A.
speaker_heading: PASCAL
dialog: (suspicious)
dialog: Is Charlotte home?
dialog: 76
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: No, sir.
text: Minnie watches, unsure of what to do.
speaker_heading: PASCAL
dialog: (to Minnie)
dialog: Tell her to call me.
text: Minnie nods. Pascal looks toward Monroe and then Minnie. He
text: exits, suspicious.
scene_heading: EXT. POLK STREET - DAY 76
text: Minnie walks down the street, which is filled with all kinds
text: of misfits - homeless kids, hippies, trannies. She walks
text: slowly and looks everyone in the eye. She is not afraid.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: Dear Diary. I did not go to school
dialog: today. I didn’t want to see
dialog: superficial Ricky Wasserman.
text: Minnie keeps walking, slowly. Like a dream, suddenly the
text: animated version of Aline Kominsky walks along side of her -
text: grotesque and beautiful at the same time.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: I feel so awkward and ugly and
text: naive and lonely.
scene_heading: ANIMATED ALINE KOMINSKY
dialog: I know how you feel.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: And I have no friends. I don’t want
dialog: to go to school ever again. Nobody
dialog: loves me. Maybe I should kill
dialog: myself.
text: She glances at Aline for her opinion, and then keeps walking.
scene_heading: ANIMATED ALINE KOMINSKY
dialog: Nah, alienation is good for your
dialog: art.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Maybe I should paint a picture. I
dialog: should paint a picture.
text: They keep walking.
dialog: 77
dialog: 63.
scene_heading: ANIMATED ALINE KOMINSKY
dialog: It doesn’t matter what kind of art
dialog: you do. It will be intense and
dialog: expressive. Just do it.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: I want to discipline myself to draw
dialog: every day. That’s what I have to
dialog: do, right?
text: Aline nods.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I get distracted sometimes.
dialog: Overwhlemed by my all-consuming
dialog: thoughts about sex and men. I
dialog: always want to be touched. I don’t
dialog: know what's wrong with me...
scene_heading: ANIMATED ALINE KOMINSKY
dialog: I don’t know either. Maybe you're a
dialog: nympho.
dialog: (Aline laughs)
dialog: I'm fucking with you. Nothing’s
dialog: wrong with you. Everybody wants to
dialog: be touched.
text: Minnie looks towards Aline whose boobs grow larger like
dialog: balloons.
text: Minnie locks eyes with a beautiful, young lesbian, TABATHA,
text: 17, across the street, smoking. She looks dangerous. She
text: blows Minnie a kiss, seductively. Minnie shivers.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Oh my heart. Could I ever love a
dialog: girl?
text: A car crosses between them, and the girl is gone. Minnie
text: looks to Aline, but she is also gone.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: .-.-I am seriously considering
dialog: running away. My mother is getting
dialog: worse.
scene_heading: INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - THE LIVING ROOM - DAY - CONTINUOUS 77
text: Charlotte and Andrea are cleaning the house, frantically.
dialog: 78
dialog: 79
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: Mom and Andrea got some coke from
dialog: Michael Cocaine and it gave them
dialog: the energy to clean the house all
dialog: day today.
scene_heading: INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS 78
text: Minnie lies on her bed talking into her tape recorder. The
text: vacuum is audible from the other room. Charlotte pops her
text: head in the door, and Minnie hides the recorder under her
dialog: pillow.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: (speedy )
dialog: Hon. We’re making dinner. Peas,
dialog: hotdogs, grilled cheese, omelettes,
dialog: and rolls so far. What’s your
dialog: favorite type of pasta? Wait, what
dialog: am I talking about? Macaroni! I'11
dialog: make macaroni!
text: She leaves in a flurry. Minnie pulls out the tape recorder.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: (into mic)
dialog: I bet I‘'1l listen to this Diary in
dialog: a decade or so, if I’m still alive.
dialog: Reminiscing over my wild teenage-
dialog: hood. Maybe I’1l1 even let my
dialog: husband hear. But he may get too
dialog: jealous.
text: Minnie presses stop, and takes the tape out of her cassette
text: recorder. She places it carefully in a shoebox under her
text: bead, and pulls out a new cassette tape.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - THE LIVING ROOM - DAY 79
text: Charlotte sorts the mail. She comes across an envelope from
text: Pascal MacCorkill in New York City. She opens it - a check
text: for a thousand dollars. She celebrates silently to herself.
speaker_heading: BEGIN SUPER 8
speaker_heading: FOOTAGE MONTAGE
speaker_heading: MINNIE’S POV:
dialog: 80
dialog: 81
dialog: 65.
scene_heading: INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - THE LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 80
text: -Charlotte and her friends party in the smoke-filled room.
text: Kimmie sips a drink and watches, curious.
text: -Charlotte plays guitar while Stoney Burt sways alongside
text: her. She looks beautiful and happy.
text: -Charlotte is passed out on the couch. A few partiers do
text: coke off the coffee table, while more people dance. Minnie
text: and Kimmie each snort a line with Monroe.
text: -Minnie and Kimmie dance seductively while Monroe watches.
text: The party continues.
speaker_heading: SMASHCUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DINER - MORNING 81
text: Minnie sits in a booth sipping coffee. She looks wrecked, and
dialog: jittery.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: What we did gets me sick, it’s so
text: pornographic. Somehow Kimmie and
dialog: Monroe and I ended up having a
dialog: three-some. It was disgusting.
text: Minnie closes her eyes. Quick Flashback: Kimmie, Minnie and
text: Monroe entangled by the washer and dryer, naked limbs
text: everywhere. Kimmie and Minnie kiss while Monroe watches.
text: Minnie sips her coffee.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: The sexual nature of Kimmie Minter
text: is a viscous cervical mucus that
dialog: always welcomes mating.
text: Her leg shakes. The clang of silverware is too loud. People
text: are chewing grotesquely. She fiddles with her spoon.
text: Minnie stares into her coffee cup and pours in some cream
text: which blossoms in the brown liquid.
text: Kimmie emerges from the bathroom with a brush and make-up in
text: her hand, that she tosses into her bag.
speaker_heading: KIMMIE
dialog: Did she bring my waffles yet?
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Not yet.
dialog: 66.
text: Kimmie sips her coffee.
speaker_heading: KIMMIE
dialog: I'm starving.
dialog: (then)
dialog: So, where did Monroe go this
dialog: morning?
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: EST. It’s this personal growth
dialog: workshop thing he’s doing all
dialog: weekend in Sacramento.
speaker_heading: KIMMIE
dialog: Ha. That’s hilarious.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: He’s trying to better himself. I
dialog: think it’s noble. You don’t
dialog: understand him.
speaker_heading: KIMMIE
dialog: Minnie-
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: You don’t. It’s not your fault. I
dialog: mean, I know you try. But he’s
dialog: tough to get to know. He doesn’t
dialog: let many people in.
speaker_heading: KIMMIE
dialog: Look, you don’t have to be worried.
dialog: Just because of what happened. It
dialog: was just a one time experience.
dialog: It’s no big deal.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: KIMMIE
dialog: I don’t love him or anything.
dialog: (then)
dialog: I mean, not that you love him...
text: Minnie is quiet. The waitress brings Minnie fried eggs and
text: toast and Kimmie her waffles. Kimmie starts eating
text: immediately. Minnie is struck with a thought.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: I love Monroe. I do.
speaker_heading: KIMMIE
dialog: Oh. Okay.
dialog: 82
dialog: 83
dialog: Blue (12/17/2013) 67.
text: Minnie and Kimmie eat in silence.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: Sometimes I watch Monroe while he
dialog: sleeps and I feel so much love for
dialog: him, that it feels like my heart
dialog: might burst.
text: Minnie eats. The yolks of her eggs form into hearts.
speaker_heading: KIMMIE
dialog: So... we're meeting up with Chuck
dialog: later, right?
scene_heading: INT. MINNIE’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 82
text: It’s dark. There is no light. A phone rings.
speaker_heading: MINNIE’S VOICE
dialog: (sleepy)
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: MONROE'S VOICE
dialog: Minnie? It’s Monroe.
speaker_heading: MINNIE’S VOICE
dialog: Monroe? How’s EST?
speaker_heading: MONROE'S VOICE
dialog: I kinda got arrested for drunk
dialog: driving.
speaker_heading: MINNIE’S VOICE
dialog: What?
text: She turns on a small light, illuminating a corner of the
text: room. Minnie sits up with the phone pressed to her ear,
dialog: worried.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: EXT. LONELY STREET - PAYPHONE - CONTINUOUS 83
text: Monroe stands at the payphone on the side of the road,
text: without his shoes.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: (drunk, into phone)
dialog: And I didn't have any shoes on, or
dialog: have my wallet. But don't...
dialog: don't... don't worry- the policeman
dialog: was really nice to me.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: Green (01/19/2014) 68.
speaker_heading: MONROE (CONT'D)
dialog: He let me ride around in the cop
dialog: car, chasing bad guys until I
dialog: sobered up. Isn't that wild? I just
dialog: had to tell you about it
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Yeah.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: 84 INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS 84
speaker_heading: MONROE'S VOICE
dialog: ...I knew you'd be the only one
dialog: who'd appreciate it.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Uh huh.
speaker_heading: MONROE'S VOICE
dialog: Can you just talk for a little bit?
dialog: I want to hear your voice.
text: Minnie is touched, she hugs the phone to her chest.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: He loves me.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 85 INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - HALLWAY - DAY 85
text: Raised voices can be heard from Charlotte's bedroom. Through
text: a crack in the door, Monroe and Charlotte are fighting.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: What? You're not taking him
dialog: seriously, are you?
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: Maybe you’ve already slept with
dialog: her, have you?
text: Minnie tip-toes down the hall, toward Charlotte’s cracked
text: door. She stops, listens to Monroe and Charlotte fighting.
dialog: Green (01/19/2014) 68A.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: What? Are you crazy? She’s a
dialog: fucking kid.
dialog: Green (01/19/2014) 69.
text: Minnie instinctively drops to the ground, to get a better
text: listen. Through the crack in the door, she gets glimpses.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: She may be just a kid, but she’s
dialog: got tits and ass. I think you can
dialog: see that as well as I can.
text: Monroe goes close to Charlotte, touching her arm. Minnie
text: winces.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: Pascal needs to have the fucking
dialog: shit kicked out of him. Why do you
dialog: think he would say something like
dialog: that? He doesn’t want you to be
text: happy. He can’t stand the fact that
dialog: you’ve moved on.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: You are so full of shit, Monroe. I
dialog: have seen you staring at her tits!
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: What? I don’t even know if she has
dialog: tits. Maybe she does, maybe she
dialog: doesn’t. I’ve never looked. I was
dialog: probably looking at your tits and
dialog: you got confused.
text: Minnie looks like she might throw up.
speaker_heading: MONROE (CONT'D)
dialog: Come here. Drink your drink.
text: Minnie crawls closer, so she can see Monroe and Charlotte on
text: the bed. Monroe feeds Charlotte her drink.
speaker_heading: MONROE (CONT'D)
dialog: Good girl. Don’t let little Mr. PhD
dialog: manipulate you. You’re a strong
dialog: woman who doesn’t take shit from
dialog: anyone. Come on.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: Yeah. Uh-huh.
text: He whispers in her ear.
dialog: Green (01/19/2014) 70.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: You're a strong beautiful woman.
dialog: With the sexiest ass in San
text: Francisco and long legs.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: Look at you. What else could I
dialog: possibly want?
text: This works. Charlotte lets Monroe kiss her neck.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: She better not be fucking pregnant.
dialog: I had kids way too early - I know.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: Sh-sh-shut up.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
text: Her boobs are growing like crazy.
text: Minnie looks down at her chest, somewhat pleased.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: Listen to me- this is all in your
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: Is it?
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: YES!
text: She softens.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: I guess it is a little crazy.
dialog: Pascal just said -
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: Shhh. I don’t want to even hear his
dialog: name. He’s jealous of what we have.
dialog: Hey-
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: I‘1l show you whose tits I’m
dialog: lookin’ at.
dialog: 86
dialog: 87
dialog: Yellow (01/16/2014) 71.
text: Minnie watches as he caresses her breasts, and kisses her
text: passionately. Charlotte giggles.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: I hate Monroe. He seems really gay
dialog: and kind of washed out.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: I/E. MONROE'S CAR - BY THE WATER - NIGHT 86
text: Monroe and Minnie are parked, looking out over the bay.
text: Minnie is crying quietly.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: She's beginning to suspect. You
dialog: make it so obvious.
text: Minnie looks at him in shock.
speaker_heading: MONROE (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm only human, whether you realize
dialog: it or not, and I have feelings.
dialog: This isn’t easy for me either. But
dialog: I know how to keep things in check,
dialog: not let it go too far. And you
dialog: don’t. I’m afraid you're going to
dialog: end up getting hurt. Better to end
dialog: it now.
text: Minnie is crushed.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - BATHROOM - NIGHT 87
text: Minnie is in the bath, staring up, crying angrily, with make-
text: up running down her face, enjoying the misery somewhere.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: Everything is so loveless and
dialog: mediocre.
text: Suddenly there is a knock at the door. Minnie drops her
text: crying entirely.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: WHAT?!
speaker_heading: GRETEL (0.S)
dialog: Minnie, are you okay?
dialog: 88
dialog: 89
dialog: 90
dialog: Yellow (01/16/2014) 72.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: LEAVE ME ALONE, FUCK FACE!
text: She resumes her crying as though she never stopped.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: I/E. MONROE'S CAR - BY THE WATER - NIGHT 88
text: Minnie cries.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: I know how you feel, I do. I know
dialog: it's painful now, but it will get
dialog: better. I've been in love once
dialog: myself. And I know it hurts.
text: Monroe pulls Minnie close so she can cry on his shoulder. He
text: kisses her, just to comfort her. But then they start making
dialog: out.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - BATHROOM - NIGHT 89
text: Minnie in the bath, still crying as only a teenager can.
text: Throwing her head back and crying for all of her pain and all
dialog: the pain that’s ever been felt by anyone.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: I hate men. I hate their sexuality
dialog: unless they are gay or asexual or
dialog: somehow different from the men I've
dialog: known.
text: She takes a sip from a gin and tonic she has on the ground
text: next to the bathtub. She cries.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: EXT. MONROE’S CAR - BY THE WATER - NIGHT 90
text: Minnie and Monroe are making out. She goes for his belt, he
text: stops her.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: I hate men but I fuck them hard
text: hard hard and thoughtlessly because
dialog: I hate them so much. I hear myself
dialog: and it sounds so stupid.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: Yellow (01/16/2014) 722.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: It is clear that I bring horror
dialog: upon myself because I'm an idiot.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: No. We can’t, Minnie.
dialog: 91
dialog: Green (01/19/2014) 73.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: I want to.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: We’re not going to have sex. It’s
dialog: not fair to you.
text: Minnie kisses him. Monroe kisses her, he can’t help it. They
text: make out. Monroe guides Minnie’s head gently down toward his
dialog: dick.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - BATHROOM - NIGHT 91
text: Minnie is sinking into her tears, which fill the tub.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: I hate myself and I hate him. I
dialog: want to die!
text: Suddenly Minnie dunks her head under and time slows down. She
text: opens her eyes and looks up through the water and sees trees
text: surrounding her tub. Her hair spirals around her. Her mouth
text: opens and she screams out, silently.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: And from this wretched body I speak
dialog: Saying it will be different when I
dialog: DIE. When I die I would like to die
text: by drownation in the Ganges River.
text: The bathroom morphs into the jungle and the bath becomes the
text: dark Ganges River. Minnie plunges down, falling deeper into
text: the water, imagining her glorious death.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: I will depart this heaving
text: pulsating vessel. There it will
dialog: lie, to be consumed by the earth.
text: By some raven or a hippopotamus.
text: Minnie is drowning, deep in the dark waters. Sinking lower
text: and lower. River plants wrap around Minnie’s neck and limbs,
text: pulling her toward the bottom. She struggles.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
text: My heart beats wildly my eyes fight
text: the closing lids.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: Yellow (01/16/2014) 73A.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.) (CONT'D)
text: A fly settles on the water. I do
dialog: not take a breath. I sink, the
dialog: water consuming me.
dialog: 92
dialog: 93
dialog: 74.
text: The sky opens up and thunder and lighting strike. Rain pours
text: down. Minnie sinks deeper into the river water, settling on
text: the bottom. Her eyes begin to close, she screams out.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: My heart fights and is freed ina
text: muted scream. All my love encased
text: in bubbles that rush to the
text: surface, and burst.
text: Minnie has died on the bottom of the Ganges river.
speaker_heading: END IMAGINING:
scene_heading: INT. RICH PRIVATE SCHOOL - CLASSROOM —- DAY 92
text: It’s a new day. Minnie sits in a classroom, visibly upset and
text: exhausted. Ricky sits a few seats away, and avoids Minnie’s
text: stare. Chuck sits next to her. She draws a picture of her
text: face - fucked up and ugly, screaming, dying in the Ganges.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: (whispers )
dialog: Psst. What’s wrong?
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: (under her breath)
dialog: Nothing.
text: Chuck looks at her. He cares so much.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: (whispers )
dialog: Can I do anything?
text: Minnie shakes her head. They go back to listening to the
text: teacher. But then she taps him on the shoulder.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Actually... do you still have that
dialog: acid you got from your brother?
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: Sometimes you just have to do
dialog: something...
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOL - DAY 93
text: Minnie runs down the empty school steps, past a tree, which
text: is decorated for Christmas on the front lawn. She is cutting
dialog: school.
dialog: 94
dialog: Green (01/19/2014) 75.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: ...Be braver than you feel. I
dialog: refuse to be some snivelling cry-
dialog: baby. I’m a fucking woman, and this
dialog: is my life.
scene_heading: INT. MONROE'S APARTMENT BUILDING - HALLWAY - AFTERNOON 94
text: Minnie pounds on Monroe’s door. Finally, Monroe opens it,
text: sleepily with no shirt on. Minnie pushes him.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: I’m going insane and it’s your
dialog: fault!
text: Monroe yawns, and moves back into the apartment leaving the
text: door open for Minnie.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: Okay. We need to talk, I get it.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Can we take a nap, though, first?
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: It’s not just up to you. I have a
dialog: say in this too, and I don’t accept
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: I know - I hate seeing you like
dialog: this. It makes me feel shitty. Let
dialog: me just sleep for an hour. Then we
dialog: can talk about all of this. Please?
dialog: Just as friends. No funny business.
dialog: I swear.
text: He gives Minnie his puppy-dog eyes, pulling her down on the
dialog: bed.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: (quiet, not convincing)
dialog: This is my life-
text: She squirms a little, and then relaxes.
text: It’s silent.
dialog: Green (01/19/2014) 76.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: Sleep. Go to sleep.
text: Minnie relaxes a little and they both close their eyes. They
dialog: are silent.
speaker_heading: MONROE (CONT'D)
dialog: Did you fuck anyone this week?
text: Minnie’s eyes crack open.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Why do you care?
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: Well, you haven’t been calling me,
dialog: so you must be getting it from
dialog: somewhere.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: (lying)
dialog: Well. I did meet this guy at the
dialog: movies. This... black guy, with a
dialog: huge dick.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: (turned on)
dialog: Mmm. Yeah? What happened?
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: (going with it)
dialog: He... fucked me in the back of his
dialog: car.
text: Monroe starts pushing up against her, under the covers.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: You let him fuck you? Just like
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Yeah. I wanted it.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: Some stranger comes up to you and
dialog: you just let him fuck you? You
dialog: better be careful little Minnie.
dialog: You could end up fucking some
dialog: weirdo or a killer.
text: Monroe stops himself, reluctantly:
speaker_heading: Green (01/19/2014) 716A.
speaker_heading: MONROE (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh man. If we made love, would it
dialog: screw you up? Tell me the truth.
dialog: 95
dialog: Yellow (01/16/2014) 77.
text: Minnie shakes her head.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: I won’t get attached. I promise.
text: Monroe kisses her, resuming right where he left off.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: Oh, Minnie. Oh.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: Monroe looks at me and sometimes
text: his eyes glisten softly. This is
dialog: it. This is love, right?
text: Minnie looks deeply into Monroe’s eyes, searching. He cums.
text: Outside the window, time passes. Day turns to night.
text: Inside Minnie and Monroe put the acid on their tongues.
scene_heading: INT. MONROE’S APARTMENT - NIGHT 95
text: Minnie stares at her hands. They are normal hands, but she is
text: fascinated. She wiggles her fingers.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: This is incredible. I see...
dialog: everything.
text: Minnie’s POV: Her hands are covered in feathers. She wiggles
text: her fingers.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I always knew it.
text: She starts to flap her wings. They are large pink flamingo
text: wings. She lifts up off of the bed, hovering. She swirls and
text: twirls in the air, bathed in a beautiful pink light.
speaker_heading: MONROE'S VOICE
dialog: No. Don’t do that! Get back on my
dialog: foot toes.
text: Minnie falls to the bed, feathers sloughing off.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: (tasting the words)
dialog: Toes? Toes.
text: Monroe, appearing as if from nowhere, yells out at the wall.
dialog: Yellow (01/16/2014) 78.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: Toes. My toes are running up that
text: wall like little monkeys.
text: Suddenly Monroe jumps across the room.
dialog: Monroe
dialog: knees.
dialog: Minnie
dialog: light,
dialog: Monroe
dialog: Monroe
dialog: Monroe
dialog: Minnie
dialog: and is
speaker_heading: MONROE (CONT'D)
dialog: Minnie, come here.
text: jumps to the other side of the room, dropping to his
speaker_heading: MONROE (CONT'D)
dialog: Minnie, get off the bed.
text: starts getting drawn toward Monroe out of her pink
text: almost against her will.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: I like the bed.
text: calls to her from the darkness below.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: No no no. It’s level with the
dialog: windows and that could kill you.
text: starts to cry.
speaker_heading: MONROE (CONT'D)
dialog: Come here, come here, come
dialog: heeeerrrrre.
text: cries, reaching out to Minnie.
speaker_heading: MONROE (CONT'D)
dialog: Please, please. Why won’t you?
text: reaches Monroe on the floor. He has rolled into a ball
text: rocking and crying. Minnie puts her arms around him.
text: He stops rocking and grabs at her.
speaker_heading: MONROE (CONT'D)
dialog: Why don’t you love me?
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: What?
dialog: 96
dialog: Yellow (01/16/2014) 79.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: Minnie. Come on. I love you. I love
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: I love you.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: Why don’t you love me, though?
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: I love you though. I love you.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: Why is this happening? No.
text: Minnie cradles him, and rocks him.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: I love you.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: I need you, Minnie. I need you to
dialog: take care of me. Do you still love
dialog: me? Do you?
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Yes, I love you.
text: Monroe cries in Minnie’s lap, muttering “I love you” over and
text: over again. Reality resumes.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: He was afraid and weak. I felt
text: distant and confused. A kind of
dialog: perverse pleasure. Because I'd
dialog: finally got what I’d wanted from
dialog: Monroe, but now I had no desire for
dialog: it.
scene_heading: INT. MONROE'S APARTMENT - BATHROOM - THE NEXT MORNING 96
text: Minnie sits on the closed toilet fully clothed, filled with
text: regret. What just happened? Monroe is in the shower, happy.
text: His voice echoes in the bathroom, as he lathers.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: You know, if you can hold on and
dialog: keep it together, we could really
dialog: date when you turn eighteen. That's
dialog: not that far away.
text: Minnie thinks about this and knows she doesn’t want it.
dialog: 97
dialog: Green (01/19/2014) 80.
speaker_heading: MONROE (CONT'D)
dialog: I might even have my boat by then,
dialog: if I play my cards right. I already
dialog: received the first shipment of
dialog: vitamin power tabs. They are
dialog: fucking far out, by the way.
dialog: They’11l sell themselves. Actually
dialog: maybe I’1l get some college
dialog: students to start selling for me,
dialog: so I can expand quicker. If we push
dialog: like 5000 units a month, I’1l be
dialog: able to retire in 2-3 years...
text: Minnie jumps up, getting out of there.
text: In the living room, Minnie looks around for her shoes. She
text: grabs them. She finds her book bag, and then notices two
text: dollars and seventy-five cents sitting on the table by the
text: bed next to Monroe’s wallet. She steals that and puts it in
text: her pocket. She leaves as quickly as possible.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - ROCKY HORROR THEATER - NIGHT 97
text: Minnie and Kimmie stand against a wall, under the glow from a
text: street-lamp. Kimmie does Minnie’s eye make-up. They wear
text: short skirts, with tight tops. Kimmie is very made up.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: I can’t believe it, but I’m finally
dialog: ready to get Monroe out of my life.
speaker_heading: KIMMIE
dialog: I wish I had my darn eyelash
dialog: curler.
text: Two men, one is ass-less chaps, make out across the street
text: passionately. Minnie watches with one eye, while Kimmie works
text: on her other.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: Men are sort of disgusting. How did
dialog: I not notice this before? I only
dialog: like men who are gay, I think.
speaker_heading: KIMMIE
dialog: This looks so good.
text: Chuck, and a young flaming boy named FRANKIE, 17, who wears
text: earrings and a tight, short shirt, walk up.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: Maybe I can meet a nice girl....
scene_heading: Yellow (01/16/2014) 80A.
speaker_heading: FRANKIE
dialog: Oh, Miss thing! You girls look so
dialog: elegant. I love your eyes.
text: Minnie is flattered.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Kimmie did us both.
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: KIMMIE
dialog: I‘1l do you Frankie. You’1ll look so
dialog: hot. Come here.
text: Frankie comes and takes Minnie’s spot under the light.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: What about you, Chuck? You want to
dialog: get a make-over?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Nope.
text: Chuck sits on the steps of an apartment and lights a
text: cigarette. Minnie sits next to him, and they people watch.
text: Rocky Horror fans are gathering around them.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Psst. Chuck, is Frankie your
dialog: boyfriend?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Shut up, Minnie. You know I’m not
dialog: gay-
text: A TRANNY, 40s, walks by and hollers at Frankie.
speaker_heading: TRANNY
dialog: Bitch, you look fine!
speaker_heading: FRANKIE
dialog: (calling back)
dialog: Thanks baby!
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: (to Chuck)
dialog: He’s beautiful, I wouldn’t blame
dialog: you.
text: Kimmie does Frankie’s eyes, and gives him a birthmark.
speaker_heading: KIMMIE
dialog: You need some perfume.
text: She starts digging in her purse.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: We should go soon, you guys.
text: Tabatha, the beautiful young lesbian that blew Minnie a kiss
text: before, crosses in front of them with a group of butch dykes.
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Hey, I know that girl. She blew a
dialog: kiss at me once.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Who, Tabatha?
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Is that her name?
text: Kimmie sprays Frankie with perfume.
speaker_heading: FRANKIE
dialog: Stay away from Tabatha, girlfriend.
dialog: (re: perfume)
dialog: Ooh, is that “Babe”?
text: Kimmie nods.
speaker_heading: KIMMIE
dialog: I told you about her, Minnie.
dialog: That’s that bad-news dyke.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: She's so beautiful, though. You
dialog: think she’s going to Rocky Horror?
speaker_heading: FRANKIE
dialog: Believe me, don’t mess with her,
dialog: Minnie. I don’t want to put her
dialog: down because she’s my friend but
dialog: she would fuck your ass up.
text: Chuck, Kimmie and Frankie all look at Minnie imploringly.
text: Minnie watches Tabatha walk away.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: I just said she was beautiful.
dialog: Jeez.
scene_heading: 98 EXT. ROCKY HORROR PICTURE SHOW THEATER - NIGHT 98
text: The Marquee reads “The Rocky Horror Picture Show - midnight
dialog: show”.
scene_heading: 99 INT. ROCKY HORROR PICTURE SHOW THEATER - BATHROOM - LATER 99
text: Minnie pushes her way through crowds of men and women
text: entering and exiting the bathroom. She comes face to face
text: with Tabatha, who is leaned up against the sinks smoking a
dialog: joint.
dialog: 100
dialog: Blue (12/17/2013) 83.
speaker_heading: TABATHA
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: (nervously)
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: TABATHA
dialog: I know you.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Yeah.
text: Tabatha smiles. She is sexy. She hands Minnie the joint.
text: Minnie takes it. Time stands still. The sounds of Rocky
text: Horror can be heard in the background.
speaker_heading: TABATHA
dialog: You're tough. You a truck driver,
dialog: or something?
text: Minnie smiles. Music swells. They silently pass the joint
text: between them. Tabatha moves her face close to Minnie’s as
text: they smoke. Minnie is mesmerized by Tabatha.
scene_heading: EXT. DIVE BAR - LATER 100
text: Minnie and Kimmie are high and drunk. They sit on the stools
text: of the bar, drinking and giggling.
speaker_heading: KIMMIE
dialog: I can’t believe you smoked pot with
dialog: Tabatha. She’s so disgusting.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: You don’t know her. She’s cool.
text: Kimmie notices two young men at the end of the bar watching
text: them. They’re each about twenty.
speaker_heading: KIMMIE
dialog: (calling)
dialog: Heya boys!
text: Minnie turns to see. She is so stoned. The boys wave.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Oh, they’re cute.
speaker_heading: KIMMIE
dialog: I want them to buy me another
dialog: drink.
dialog: 101
dialog: 102
dialog: Blue (12/17/2013) 84.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: You think they would think we were
dialog: prostitutes?
text: Minnie and Kimmie laugh hysterically.
speaker_heading: KIMMIE
dialog: That would be amazing. Prostitutes
dialog: have all the fucking power.
dialog: Everybody knows that.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: I’ve been practicing my hooker
dialog: walk. Watch.
text: Minnie hops off her stool, saunters over to the boys. She
text: goes right up to them, pressing her breasts out as she does.
text: Kimmie can’t make out what she’s saying. Minnie walks back
text: over to Kimmie, eyes open wide but trying to play it cool.
speaker_heading: KIMMIE
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: I told them it was five bucks for
dialog: us to suck their dicks, or fifteen
dialog: for the fuck of their fucking
dialog: lives. They’re counting their
dialog: money.
text: Kimmie and Minnie laugh, but try not to let the boys see. The
text: boys discuss amongst themselves, and excitedly count their
text: dollars in the background.
scene_heading: INT. DIVE BAR - BATHROOM - LATER 101
text: The two boys lean up against either wall, getting their dicks
text: sucked. They make eye contact with each other, silently
dialog: saying “I can’t believe this is happening!”. Minnie and
text: Kimmie are on their hands and knees, right next to each other
text: on the filthy floor, sucking their dicks. They hold hands
dialog: while doing the deed.
scene_heading: INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - BEDROOM - THE NEXT MORNING 102
text: Minnie and Kimmie are in bed, lying head-to-toe with each
text: other, Kimmie’s head at the foot of the bed. They’ve just
text: woken up from their crazy night before and are both
text: depressed, last night’s make-up still on their faces.
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: I don’t think we should have done
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: KIMMIE
dialog: I was just thinking the same thing.
text: Minnie sits up.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: I feel weird and creepy about it.
speaker_heading: KIMMIE
dialog: Yeah. I do too.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Maybe we should promise each other
dialog: we will never do anything like that
dialog: ever again?
speaker_heading: KIMMIE
dialog: Agreed.
text: Kimmie puts out her hand and they pinky swear.
scene_heading: 103 INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - HALLWAY - NIGHT 103
text: Gretel posts a hand-scrawled letter on Minnie’s door. It
dialog: reads: Minnie, You're such a retard. I know everything you've been doing- smoking pot and
dialog: being a slut with Kimmie. I will never respect you. Signed, Gretel.
scene_heading: 104 INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - BEDROOM - NIGHT 104
text: Minnie examines herself in the mirror - she looks tired, but
text: has make-up on and is ready to go out.
speaker_heading: PASCAL (V.O.)
dialog: Dear Minnie. You are going to be
dialog: sixteen in a week or two...
text: Minnie looks at the picture that Monroe took of her - she
text: turns it over, unattached. Minnie gives herself a last look
text: in the mirror.
scene_heading: 105 INT. PASCAL’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - DAY 105
text: Pascal sits writing a letter at his grand desk.
dialog: 106
dialog: 107
dialog: 108
dialog: Blue (12/17/2013) 86.
speaker_heading: PASCAL (V.O.)
text: Sweet sixteen. On the doorstep of
dialog: womanhood, of life...
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT - LATER 106
text: Minnie meets up with Kimmie on the street. They are both
text: heavily made-up, looking older than they did before.
speaker_heading: PASCAL (V.O.)
dialog: ...I'm sure you know that you
dialog: always have a home in my domicile
dialog: wherever it may be. No matter what.
text: Minnie and Kimmie walk down the street arm in arm. They
text: approach an apartment building and go in.
scene_heading: INT. PASCAL’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - DAY 107
text: Pascal peers out of his window while he writes.
speaker_heading: PASCAL (V.O.)
text: New York is in its Winter Season.
dialog: The town is full of life: art,
dialog: music, theater, books and
dialog: literature...
scene_heading: INT. SQUATTER APARTMENT - NIGHT —- CONTINUOUS 108
text: Minnie and Kimmie enter into a wild, drugged-out party.
text: People are shooting heroin, smoking, and snorting everywhere
dialog: you look.
speaker_heading: PASCAL (V.O.)
dialog: I had dinner with your pal Kimmie
dialog: when she was touring colleges. She
text: has her sights set on Sarah
dialog: Lawrence. Very tough and
dialog: competitive...
text: Kimmie sees a guy she knows in the corner and goes right for
text: him, and snorts a line from his table.
speaker_heading: PASCAL (V.O.)
dialog: Kimmie’s a very smart girl.
dialog: Straight A’s. I hope she makes out
dialog: all right.
text: Minnie sees Tabatha sitting on a couch and approaches her.
dialog: 109
dialog: Blue (12/17/2013) 87.
text: Minnie sits with Tabatha who offers her a hit of pot. Minnie
text: declines. She stares at Tabatha, with wonder.
scene_heading: INT. PASCAL’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - CONTINUOUS 109
text: Over Pascal’s shoulder we see him write the words “I love
dialog: you” with quotes around them.
speaker_heading: PASCAL (V.O.)
dialog: I can't wait to see where you end
dialog: up. “I love you”. Pascal.
scene_heading: EXT. SQUATTER APARTMENT ROOF - LATER 110
text: Minnie and Tabatha sit on the roof looking at the moon. The
text: sky becomes a comic-book fantasy sky. The stars twinkle.
text: Tabatha takes Minnie’s hand, smokes a joint with the other.
speaker_heading: TABATHA
dialog: You sure you don’t want to smoke?
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: I want to see with clear eyes.
text: Tabatha smiles, touched.
speaker_heading: TABATHA
dialog: Your hand is hot.
text: Minnie pulls her hand away, shyly. Tabatha takes it back.
speaker_heading: TABATHA (CONT'D)
dialog: I like it. You’re alive. You’ve got
dialog: blood in your veins.
text: Minnie looks at her hand in Tabatha’s, and at her arm. She
text: notices tracks on Tabatha’s arm. She pulls away a little but
text: Tabatha doesn’t let her. Tabatha strokes Minnie’s arm.
speaker_heading: TABATHA (CONT'D)
dialog: Are you scared? To try it?
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: No. I’m not afraid of anything.
speaker_heading: TABATHA
dialog: Pink (01/08/2014) 88.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: I’m not afraid of knives or
dialog: handguns or poison or fire or rape
dialog: or bondage or being kidnapped or
text: tortured or even hypnotized and
dialog: brainwashed, like that Patty Hearst
dialog: girl.
speaker_heading: TABATHA
dialog: Are you afraid of me?
text: Minnie thinks this over.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: A little.
text: Tabatha smiles, and leans in.
scene_heading: INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - KITCHEN - DAY 111
text: Charlotte knows! She gulps a gin and tonic and smokes a
text: cigarette, fuming. She is surrounded by Minnie’s casette
text: tapes and drawings and photographs of Monroe, strewn all over
text: the table. The front door opens and shuts with a slam. Minnie
text: comes into the kitchen and goes white when she hears the
text: familiar crackle of her tape player.
speaker_heading: MINNIE’S VOICE
dialog: (from the cassette player)
dialog: We had sex by the washer and dryer-
text: Charlotte stops the tape.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: How long has it been going on?
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: When did this start?
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Mom-
text: Gretel comes in carrying the cat.
speaker_heading: GRETEL
dialog: What’s happening?
text: Nobody says anything.
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: GRETEL (CONT'D)
dialog: Minnie? Mom? What?
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: I said: HOW LONG, MINNIE?
text: Minnie starts to tear up. The two look stare each other down
text: for a moment silently, and then Charlotte looks away.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE (CONT’D)
dialog: Gretel, out!
text: Gretel is terrified, runs out with Domino.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Mom-
text: Charlotte stands, facing away from Minnie.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: Who started it? You?
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: I really don’t... I don’t know.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: I fucking knew it. He was always so
dialog: convincing and “oh, I just ain’t
dialog: guilty man” and “you're crazy”.
dialog: Fucking bullshit. AHHHHHHHH.
text: Charlotte screams at the top of her lungs. Minnie feels
text: awful, she starts to crumble.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Mama, I wanted to tell you...
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: Yeah right.
dialog: (then)
dialog: I can’t fucking look at you.
text: Charlotte grabs her purse and moves toward the door.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE (CONT’D)
dialog: Stay here.
text: Charlotte leaves. The front door slams. Minnie is left with
text: her diary tapes strewn everywhere.
dialog: 112
dialog: 90.
scene_heading: INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - THE LIVING ROOM - AN HOUR LATER 112
text: All sound cuts out. Minnie looks toward the front door -
text: nothing. Domino appears and snuggles up to Minnie. Minnie
text: smothers him.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Everything's wrong, stupid cat.
text: She spaces out as she watches the black and white movie on
text: the TV, it cuts to commercial and suddenly changes.
speaker_heading: BEGIN IMAGINING:
text: Cartoon Minnie appears on the TV, in black and white. She is
text: tiny and crying, sitting on the curb of a street. Animated
text: Aline Kominsky takes a seat next to Minnie, pulls out a
text: cigarette and smokes it.
speaker_heading: ANIMATED MINNIE
dialog: I’ve done it this time.
scene_heading: ANIMATED ALINE KOMINSKY
dialog: I know it feels that way. But all
dialog: isn’t lost.
speaker_heading: ANIMATED MINNIE
dialog: (through sniffles)
dialog: Yes it is. I’ve fucked everything
dialog: up.
scene_heading: ANIMATED ALINE KOMINSKY
dialog: Nah - I bet your mom is telling off
text: Monroe. She knows he’s to blame.
text: Animated Minnie starts to cry harder.
speaker_heading: ANIMATED MINNIE
dialog: I dunno.
text: Animated Aline Kominsky puts her arm around her.
scene_heading: ANIMATED ALINE KOMINSKY
dialog: She’1l probably come home and hug
dialog: you and tell you it’s all going to
dialog: be alright.
speaker_heading: ANIMATED MINNIE
dialog: I used to imagine Monroe and I
dialog: hugging each other and being warm
text: in his bed and resting my head on
text: his chest and hearing his heart
dialog: beat. But it just never happened
dialog: that way.
dialog: 113
dialog: Yellow (01/16/2014) 91.
scene_heading: ANIMATED ALINE KOMINSKY
dialog: Well, real life isn’t really like
dialog: that. But that doesn’t mean that
dialog: all is fucked. You’re a good shit,
dialog: Minnie. You’ve got a lot going for
dialog: you. You got an A in french. And
dialog: you could write an illustrated
dialog: cookbook if you wanted to.
text: Animated Minnie looks to Animated Aline desperately.
speaker_heading: ANIMATED ALINE KOMINSKY (CONT’D)
dialog: I wish you strength, little Minnie.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: (to the TV)
dialog: Are you my fairy godmother?
text: Aline nods, looking straight out to Minnie on the couch.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Then you’re just a figment of my
dialog: imagination. You don’t know.
text: The TV goes black. Minnie sits alone. The phone rings. Domino
text: jumps down from the couch.
scene_heading: INT. FERN BAR - LATER THAT NIGHT 113
text: Minnie walks into the lounge-like bar, and finds Charlotte
text: and Monroe in a corner, sitting around a candle-lit table,
text: drunk. They are talking quietly, until Monroe sees Minnie.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: There she is. How ya doin’ there,
dialog: kiddo?
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: What’re you doing here?
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: Minnie. Monroe here has something
dialog: to tell you.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: Let’s just relax a bit, Charlotte.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: No. Let’s get right down to it.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: Fine. Minnie-
dialog: Yellow (01/16/2014) 91a.
text: Monroe shifts in his seat.
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: MONROE (CONT'D)
dialog: Uh... hmmm. Okay. Okay okay. Your
dialog: mother and me have been talking.
dialog: And well, we were thinking. Maybe
dialog: you and I should get married. I
dialog: mean... right?
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: You're drunk?
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: Nah. We get along pretty well,
dialog: don’t we?
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: That’s not the point, Monroe. You
dialog: fucked my daughter, so you’re going
dialog: to marry her.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Mom!
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: He porked you, Minnie. He porked
dialog: you, and now he’s got to marry you.
speaker_heading: MONROE
text: Shh. People are staring at us,
dialog: Charlotte.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: Oh, fuck you! How many times did
dialog: you pork her, Monroe? How many,
dialog: huh? Was it good?
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Are you crazy? Stop saying ‘pork!’.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: I was married when I was about your
dialog: age, Minnie.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: Hey. I said I’d marry her and I
dialog: will. I’m aman of my word.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: Yeah. Marry her. Then you can fuck
dialog: her all you want.
text: Minnie turns and runs for the door.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: Hey, Minnie-
dialog: 114
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: Oh, just let her go, Monroe.
text: Push in to Minnie’s face, down her throat:
speaker_heading: BEGIN IMAGINING: 114
text: We zoom down Minnie’s throat, following an animated Minnie as
text: she falls, down down down. Cartoon Minnie runs though the San
text: Francisco streets. As she speeds down a hill, she passes
text: people she knows, smoking a joint from one person, taking a
text: pill from another. She leaves them in the dust as she runs.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
text: It’s not a lit-up streetlight hazy
dialog: darkness like most nights; it is a
dialog: black crisp night and my eyes are
text: light headlights.
text: Cartoon Minnie slips and slides down the hill of San
text: Francisco, becoming part of the sewage and suddenly being
text: sucked into a drain in the street. She spins with the muck,
text: around and around, her voice echoing with the sounds of the
dialog: city.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: I’ve become nothing, finally. No
dialog: home. No school. No money -shit. I
dialog: don’t have any money.
text: She gets spit out into a park in The Presidio with a thud.
scene_heading: EXT. SAN FRANCISCO - THE PRESIDIO - THE MIDDLE OF THE NIGHM5
text: Minnie, clearly fucked up, smashes a bottle on the ground.
text: Minnie, Kimmie, Frankie and Chuck smoke a joint and drink at
text: the picnic tables at the park.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Fuck this city!
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Yeah, fuck this city!
speaker_heading: FRANKIE
dialog: Fuck you both, I love it here.
text: Kimmie laughs as she takes a drag off the joint.
dialog: Blue (12/17/2013) 94.
speaker_heading: KIMMIE
dialog: I can’t believe you actually ran
dialog: away. It’s so “afterschool
dialog: special”.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: I doubt she evens knows I’m gone.
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: I hate it here. I can’t wait to get
dialog: the fuck out of here!
text: Minnie screams into the wind, to the water and the Golden
dialog: Gate bridge.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Ahhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!
scene_heading: EXT. RICH SAN FRANCISCO NEIGHBORHOOD - LATER THAT NIGHT 116
text: Minnie, Kimmie, Frankie and Chuck stumble through the
text: residential part of the city, which is mostly asleep. Minnie
text: is fucked up. Chuck keeps her from falling as they walk.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: (to Chuck)
dialog: I’m gonna move to New York, ya
dialog: know.
speaker_heading: KIMMIE
dialog: What? No you’re not.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: I think I’m going to move to New
dialog: York. And finish high-school there.
dialog: It’s a great place to be an artist.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Are you serious?
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: My step-dad lives there, and I am
dialog: so done with San Francisco. Don’t
dialog: you think it’s a good idea?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: That would suck. I don’t want you
dialog: to move.
text: Minnie doesn’t know what to say. Kimmie looks freaked out.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: What’s your problem?
dialog: Kimmie
dialog: Minnie
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: KIMMIE
dialog: Nothing. I gotta pee. I’m gonna go
dialog: pee on this person’s lawn.
text: runs into the bushes, before anyone can respond.
speaker_heading: FRANKIE
dialog: Oh she’s just decided she hates New
dialog: York after she fucked some guy
dialog: there when she was visiting
dialog: colleges. Didn’t she tell you about
dialog: that?
text: looks confused. Suddenly Minnie has a thought, she
text: runs toward Kimmie who is squatting in the bushes.
dialog: Kimmie
dialog: Kimmie
dialog: Minnie
dialog: Kimmie
dialog: Minnie
speaker_heading: KIMMIE
dialog: A little privacy, Minnie?
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Who'd you fuck in New York, Kimmie?
text: looks up at Minnie, dumbfounded.
speaker_heading: KIMMIE
dialog: Are you crazy?
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Who, Kimmie?
text: stares Minnie in the eyes and starts to tear up.
dialog: does too.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: (pathetically)
dialog: Really? Pascal?
text: pulls her pants up.
speaker_heading: KIMMIE
dialog: (meekly)
dialog: It wasn't a big deal. I didn’t
dialog: think you'd care.
text: slaps Kimmie hard across the face. Kimmie screams out.
speaker_heading: KIMMIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Minnie! That’s not fair.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Fair? You fucked my step-dad!
text: A light turns on in the big house they’re in front of.
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: FRANKIE’S VOICE
dialog: Come on, girls.
speaker_heading: KIMMIE
dialog: He’s not really your step-dad
dialog: anymore. You never even see him.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Are you kidding me?
speaker_heading: KIMMIE
dialog: He didn’t even call you when he
dialog: came to California for Christmas.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: He came to California for
dialog: Christmas?
speaker_heading: KIMMIE
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: How could you do this to me? You’re
dialog: supposed to be my best friend.
text: Suddenly an OLD RICH GUY peeks his head out the front door.
dialog: It seems like this kinda thing happens all the time.
speaker_heading: OLD RICH GUY
dialog: Hey, no no no. This isn’t
dialog: happening. You can’t do this here.
speaker_heading: KIMMIE
dialog: You know you’re acting really
dialog: hypocritical.
text: She pushes Minnie.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: And you're acting like a slut.
text: Minnie pushes her back. Frankie rushes up, gets in between.
speaker_heading: OLD RICH GUY
dialog: Can you guys do me a solid and just
dialog: move your little fight down the
dialog: block?
speaker_heading: FRANKIE
dialog: Shit, bitches.
text: Frankie holds the girls apart, who yell over him.
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: KIMMIE
dialog: I’m a slut? You’re a FUCKING
dialog: LESBIAN WHORE, Minnie!
speaker_heading: OLD RICH GUY
dialog: There are other people in the
dialog: world, you know. I’m gonna have to
dialog: call the cops.
speaker_heading: FRANKIE
dialog: Stop it!
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: She fucked my step-dad!
speaker_heading: KIMMIE
dialog: You fucked everybody! Including
dialog: your mom’s boyfriend. That’s WAY
speaker_heading: WORSE!
text: Minnie struggles to get away from Frankie who is holding her
text: back, storms off.
speaker_heading: KIMMIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh, fine, leave. Go suck Monroe's
dialog: tiny dick, baby.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Go fuck someone else’s dad!
text: Chuck runs after Minnie who is storming down the street.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Hey, hey. Are you alright?
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Stop it, Chuck!
text: She takes off quickly, he follows.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Minnie! What happened?
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Leave me alone.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: No! I don’t want to leave you
dialog: alone.
text: He grabs her shoulder.
dialog: Blue (12/17/2013) 98.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Let go of me, Chuck! Kimmie is a
dialog: fucking bitch.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Who cares about her? You’re so
dialog: much... smarter and better than
dialog: her. I never understood why she was
dialog: your friend, anyway.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Oh - I see how you look at her. You
dialog: want to fuck her, like everyone
dialog: else!
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: No, I don’t. How can you say that?
dialog: It’s so obvious that I like you. If
dialog: I wanted to fuck anyone, it would
dialog: be you- I’m not saying I wanna-
dialog: shit.
text: Minnie doesn’t stop walking quicbvkly but is thrown.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Well, then you’re an idiot. I’m
dialog: fucked up.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: No, you're not. You’re amazing.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: I am fucked up. I am! I AM! You
dialog: don’t know anything about me. You
dialog: don’t know shit. Just leave me
dialog: alone, Chuck. Fuck you, you
text: Minnie takes off. He doesn’t follow. He is so disappointed.
scene_heading: INT. LESBIAN HOUSE PARTY - NIGHT 117
text: Loud rock music. Minnie moves through the crowd, scanning.
text: Minnie approaches a group smoking. She sees who she was
text: looking for. She beelines for Tabatha, who spins around,
text: surprised and happy to see Minnie.
speaker_heading: TABATHA
dialog: Hey truck driver.
text: Minnie kisses her hard. Tabatha’s friends share a look.
dialog: Blue (12/17/2013) 99.
scene_heading: LESBIAN HOUSE PARTY - MONTAGE: 118
text: Minnie and Tabatha dance closely with each other, pushed up
text: between the sweaty bodies. Minnie dances hard, trying to
text: forget her life. Tabatha touches Minnie’s body as she moves.
text: Tabatha and Minnie snort a line, letting the world fall away.
text: Tabatha and Minnie make love. Body parts everywhere: curves,
text: and delicate limbs entwined. Tabatha kisses Minnie.
scene_heading: INT. MIKE’S APARTMENT BUILDING - HALLWAY - NIGHT 119
text: Tabatha pulls Minnie, through the dirty hallway. Minnie
text: giggles, unaware.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Who is Mike again?
speaker_heading: TABATHA
dialog: My friend. You met him last night.
dialog: He’s cool.
text: Minnie is slowing to a crawl, exhausted and moving slow. She
text: leans against a wall, stopping.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: He has so many stairs. I want to go
text: back to bed.
text: Tabatha leans into Minnie, kissing her.
speaker_heading: TABATHA
dialog: We will, you cute little thing. We
dialog: just are making this one stop. Like
dialog: we talked about, okay?
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Oh.
text: Tabatha kisses Minnie’s neck as she talks.
speaker_heading: TABATHA
dialog: Mike won't stop asking about you.
dialog: So I said we’d come by. He has
dialog: really good ‘ludes.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Oh great.
speaker_heading: TABATHA
dialog: You like that? Don’t I know how to
dialog: take care of my girl?
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: (smiling at the reference)
dialog: Yes. I’m hungry though.
text: Tabatha kisses Minnie, touching her face and body.
speaker_heading: TABATHA
dialog: Everybody thinks you’re sexy. Your
dialog: eyes, and that ass. It’s a good
dialog: thing I’m not insecure. Otherwise I
dialog: might start feeling all possessive
dialog: and shit.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Possessive of me?
speaker_heading: TABATHA
dialog: Yeah. With boys like Mike lusting
dialog: after you. But I know it’s not a
dialog: big deal. I’m not uptight, and
dialog: you're not uptight, right?
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: What’s not a big deal?
speaker_heading: TABATHA
dialog: It will be so quick. Men are easy.
text: Over in a second.
text: Minnie acts like she understands what Tabatha is saying.
text: Tabatha’s tone changes: she’s desperate for a moment.
speaker_heading: TABATHA (CONT'D)
dialog: I need you to do this for me.
dialog: You're going to do this, right? For
dialog: me, baby?
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: TABATHA
dialog: And then we’ll have a great night,
dialog: just the two of us. Me and my girl?
dialog: You wanna make me happy, don’t you?
text: Minnie nods. Tabatha kisses her again, relaxing.
speaker_heading: TABATHA (CONT'D)
dialog: Good. You're doing good.
dialog: (then, so charming)
dialog: I’m falling hard for you, girl.
text: Tabatha leads Minnie into the apartment.
dialog: 120
dialog: 121
dialog: Blue (12/17/2013) 101.
scene_heading: INT. MIKE’S APARTMENT —- CONTINUOUS 120
text: The apartment is drab but fine. Mike, 25 and not horrible
text: looking, is in the kitchen frying something on the stove,
text: with his shirt off.
text: Tabatha talks in whispers to Mike, while Minnie sits on the
text: couch, nervous. Minnie looks to them, plotting.
speaker_heading: TABATHA
dialog: (calling to Minnie)
dialog: You hungry, baby? We’re gonna make
dialog: you a grilled cheese.
text: Minnie nods. Tabatha and Mike keep talking in hushed tones.
text: All sound cuts out except the sound of Minnie’s heartbeat. We
text: push in on Minnie’s face: scared and in over her head.
text: Tabatha looks to her, and gives a little wink. She can’t move
text: from this seat. She looks to the door and back to Tabatha.
text: Her eyes fill with tears. How did she get here? Suddenly
text: Minnie beelines for the door.
speaker_heading: TABATHA (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey-
text: She runs like her life depends on it, down the many steps,
text: into the street and down the block.
scene_heading: EXT. MIKE’S APARTMENT BUILDING - CONTINUOUS 121
text: Minnie runs and runs, crying and shaking until she hits a
text: corner with a phone booth, where she lets out a wail. Out of
text: energy, out of ideas, she slumps down into the booth and
text: closes the door, crouching with nowhere to go.
text: Cars drive by. The stars are out. Minnie is alone. She weeps.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: Nobody loves me.
text: She curls up at the bottom of the phone booth.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: Maybe nobody will ever love me.
dialog: Maybe there’re only a few people in
dialog: the whole world who are actually
dialog: loved - the lucky fucks. And the
dialog: rest of us walk through the world
dialog: like ghosts, with no one to see us
dialog: or care about us. Alone forever.
dialog: 122
dialog: 123
dialog: 124
dialog: 102.
text: Over-used prostitutes saunter up to cars but get little
text: action. Kids sleep in dark doorways. Minnie wimpers. She is
dialog: out of options.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - THE LIVING ROOM - LATE NIGHT 122
text: Minnie makes a loud racket as she enters the house, knocking
text: over a lamp on her way in.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Fuck.
text: She waits, but nobody stirs. She looks around at her house -
text: ashtrays filled with cigarettes litter the dark apartment.
scene_heading: INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - BATHROOM - CONTINUOUS 123
text: Minnie throws up violently in the toilet. She stands up,
text: wiping her mouth barely.
text: She drinks from the faucet. She swings open the medicine
text: cabinet and finds one of her mom’s prescription bottles
text: labeled “Vicodin”. She pours them all into her hand.
text: Contemplates. She pops one into her mouth, puts the rest
text: back, and drops the bottle into her pocket. She closes the
text: cabinet and takes a look at her fucked up face in the mirror.
text: Not liking what she sees, she swings the mirror away, almost
dialog: breaking it.
scene_heading: INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - BEDROOM —- MOMENTS LATER 124
text: Minnie clicks on the light in her room. Her bed is still
text: unmade. A drawing of Monroe that she did is pinned on her
text: wall. She rips it off, and kicks some of her other
dialog: belongings.
text: She plops on her bed, then feels something under hear head on
text: her pillow. It’s a letter addressed to her. She almost throws
text: it on the floor, but then she opens it.
scene_heading: ALINE KOMINSKY’S VOICE
dialog: Dear Minnie. Thank you for your
dialog: letter.
text: Minnie stirs, realizing it’s from Aline.
dialog: 125
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: ALINE KOMINSKY'’S VOICE (CONT’D)
dialog: It is refreshing to receive a
dialog: letter from a girl because most
dialog: letters I get are from greasy fan
dialog: boys who think that I’m cute. I
dialog: tend not to write back to them.
dialog: Keep drawing those comics. Keep
dialog: drawing anything you can. Just keep
dialog: drawing. Oh, and I use Indian Ink
dialog: as well. Love, Aline Kominsky.
text: Minnie lies back - the weight of everything’s she’s gone
text: through hitting her. She cries. This hurts so much. Someone
text: stirs in the living room.
speaker_heading: GRETEL’S VOICE
dialog: Hello?
scene_heading: INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - MOMENTS LATER 125
text: Minnie peeks out of her door and sees Gretel looking around
text: at the tipped over lamp. Gretel spots Minnie and runs to her,
text: jumping on her, knocking them both to the ground. They hold
text: each other. Just then Charlotte comes in the front door, in
text: her big coat and hat. She looks exhausted.
text: Charlotte stares at Minnie. Minnie meets her eye, unsure of
text: how her mom will react. Charlotte shakes her head - she is at
text: once relieved and angry.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: Goddamnit Minnie.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: I’m sorry.
text: Gretel holds onto Minnie’s legs, not letting go. Charlotte
text: approaches, slaps her across the face, and then grabs her
text: into a big hug.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: Do you know how worried we were? We
dialog: looked for you everywhere.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: You did?
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: Of course! I’ve been out all night.
dialog: I’ve been out every night since you
dialog: left, looking for you. I thought
dialog: you were dead.
dialog: 104.
text: Minnie collapses into her mother’s arms, relieved to be held.
text: They are silent for a long time. Minnie cries. The sun starts
dialog: to rise.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: I'm sorry, mom, I’m so-
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: Shhh. It’s alright, Min. It’s over.
text: Minnie cries in her mother’s arms, Charlotte cries too.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: I wanted to tell you about Monroe,
dialog: I really did-
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: (she can’t take it)
dialog: Stop it, no.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: I-
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
speaker_heading: DON'T.
text: Minnie looks to her mom. Charlotte can’t talk about this.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE (CONT’D)
dialog: I don’t want to talk about it.
dialog: Ever. You're home. It’s over.
dialog: That’s all I care about.
text: Minnie sees her mother clearly for the first time. Denial is
dialog: the only way forward.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: I gotta go to bed.
text: Charlotte pats Minnie’s face, exits to her room, exhausted.
text: Minnie looks to Gretel. It’s just them. Like always.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: I’m hungry.
text: Gretel nods.
dialog: 126
dialog: 127
dialog: 128
dialog: Pink (01/08/2014) 105.
scene_heading: INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - KITCHEN - SUNRISE 126
text: Minnie pulls out a bowl, and bisquik. She beats some eggs,
text: and mixes in the flour. She cooks pancakes, while Gretel
text: looks on from the table. The sun comes up out the window, as
dialog: they eat.
text: “She” by the Misfits, about Patty Hearst, plays. Video
text: footage of Patty Hearst surrendering in Pleasanton, CA in May
text: 1977, and being taken into custody. The battle is over.
scene_heading: EXT. POLK STREET - DAY 127
text: Minnie walks down the street. Time has passed, she looks
text: healthier. It’s a mirror of the opening sequence but she’s
text: gone through so much. She passes people in the park, she
text: looks at them with wisdom in her eyes.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: Did you ever go back to your
dialog: preschool once you had gotten big
dialog: and everything looked miniature?
dialog: Like the chairs and the monkey bars
dialog: - just much smaller than you
dialog: remembered?
text: She drops a letter in a mailbox. It’s addressed to Aline
text: Kominsky. She sees Chuck walking down the street holding
text: hands with a girl. They make eye-contact for a brief moment.
text: Minnie waves. He nods. That’s it.
text: Minnie flips through the comic books in the store. She finds
dialog: a few she likes.
text: Minnie keeps walking down the street.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: I know nothing’s changed, but
dialog: everything looks totally different
dialog: to me now.
scene_heading: INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - THE LIVING ROOM - LATER 128
text: Minnie sits in front of the TV, drawing while she watches.
text: She flips through the channels until she comes to The Muppet
text: Show. At some point Gretel comes in and sits down on the
text: floor with a box of crackers. Fozzie is doing a bit about
text: ventriloquism. They sit watching together. Minnie reaches
text: into the box and grabs a cracker.
text: The phone rings. Minnie picks it up.
dialog: 129
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: PASCAL’S VOICE
dialog: Minnie- it’s Pascal-
text: Minnie hangs up. Goes back to watching TV with her sister.
scene_heading: INT. NIGHTCLUB - NIGHT 129
text: Minnie and Charlotte are in the crowded nightclub together.
text: They cheer for the band, as they enter the stage. Minnie
text: looks at Charlotte, so happy and drunk.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: My mom and I aren’t the same
dialog: species. It’s not her fault. She
dialog: thinks she needs a man to be happy.
dialog: I don’t.
text: Charlotte whoops and hollers for the band.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: Everything that’s happened with
dialog: Monroe, and Tabatha, and Pascal and
dialog: my mom has probably fucked me up
dialog: somewhere deep in my soul. But
dialog: maybe it was worth it because I've
dialog: realized some things: It’s not
dialog: about who loves you. It’s all about
dialog: liking yourself. Just liking
dialog: yourself enough to keep living til
dialog: the next day, and maybe the one
dialog: after that.
text: The guitarist from the band blows a kiss and Charlotte and
text: she screams, lifting her arms in the air.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: My mom has a new boyfriend. He’s an
dialog: unusually nice guy. I hope she
text: stays with him for a while.
text: Charlotte grabs Minnie, dancing with her. She hands Minnie
text: her drink, but then adds:
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE
dialog: But just a sip.
text: Charlotte winks. Minnie smiles. She looks to her mother -
text: totally in her element.
dialog: 130
dialog: 131
dialog: Blue (12/17/2013) 107.
text: He mom whistles at the band, and dances, happier than we've
text: ever seen her. Minnie whistles too.
speaker_heading: CHARLOTTE (CONT’D)
dialog: If his friends ask, we’re sisters,
dialog: okay?
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: She’s not perfect, my ol’ mama, but
dialog: she’s the only one I got.
text: The band starts up a song, Minnie cheers.
scene_heading: INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - BEDROOM - NIGHT 130
text: Minnie sits on her bed, talking into her microphone.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: (into mic)
dialog: This whole time it’s felt like I’m
text: so precariously close to the edge,
dialog: to the end... but really, my life
text: has only just begun.
text: A song comes on the radio that Minnie likes. She puts down
text: the microphone and dances like crazy, loving every moment!
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - RUNNING PATH - DAY 131
text: Minnie sits on a low wall by the running path. She has a
text: blanket laid out with xeroxed zines and drawings for sale.
text: She talks to a tourist.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: It's fifty cents but if you buy two
dialog: drawings or one drawing and a zine,
dialog: it’s 90 cents. But I don’t actually
dialog: have a dime, so it would end up
dialog: being the same price.
text: The tourist hands her two quarters, humoring her, and takes a
text: drawing, walking away. Minnie enjoys the sun.
text: Monroe jogs by, wearing his jogging outfit. He sees Minnie,
text: and stops, but keeps jogging in place.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: Minnie. Hi.
text: Minnie jumps down.
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: Are you here alone?
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: No, Gretel’s with me. She went to
dialog: find a bathroom.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: Oh.
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: She had to pee.
text: There is an awkward moment. Minnie jogs in place too.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: So... you wanna buy a drawing? Or a
dialog: ‘gine?
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: Oh. No money. Jogging shorts and
dialog: all.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Here. Take this one. You can give
dialog: the fifty cents to my mom the next
dialog: time you see her.
text: Monroe looks down at a small drawing of a transvestite with a
text: hairy chest. It’s beautifully drawn. He hates it.
text: Monroe smiles awkwardly. It is evident he wants to go.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: (holding out her hand)
dialog: Well, goodbye Monroe.
text: He takes her hand and shakes it. She doesn’t hate him.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: Goodbye Minnie.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: (while holding his hand)
dialog: I’m better than you, you son-of-a-
dialog: bitch.
dialog: 132
dialog: Pink (01/08/2014) 109.
text: They drop hands, and Monroe jogs off, not sure of what to
text: make of this. Minnie is left standing there with the water
text: and sun behind her.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - LATER 132
text: Minnie and Gretel play in the water, chasing the waves as
text: they go out. Minnie splashes Gretel, who laughs and splashes
dialog: her back.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: This is for all the girls when the
dialog: have grown.
text: The sun glistens on the water as we pull away from the
text: sisters, who look like little girls playing on the beach.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (V.O.)
dialog: Signing off, trusty Diary. Love,
dialog: Minnie Goetze.G
dialog: 
