dialog: A Haunting in Connecticut
dialog: by
dialog: Adam Simon & Tim Metcalfe
dialog: Based on the True Story
dialog: Gold Circle Films
scene_heading: 9240 Wilshire Blvd., Ste 250
speaker_heading: Beverly Hills, CA 90212
dialog: 310-278-4800
dialog: 6/25/07
scene_heading: CREDITS ROLL OVER:
scene_heading: EERIE, OLD FASHIONED BLACK AND WHITE PHOTOGRAPHS: 1
text: - Twin boys sit one each on Mother and Father’s lap. The
text: children seem stiff and awkward as dolls.
text: - an old man in a bed - surrounded by family who all stare
text: into the camera - only the old man’s eyes are closed.
text: - a mother and new born infant lie together as if sleeping.
text: - an entire family - Mother, Father, Three children. All sit
text: frozen before a painted backdrop of clouds as if seated in
dialog: Heaven.
dialog: All dead.
dialog: These are not family photos but memorial photos from the
text: 1920's - staged final portraits of the dead.
text: End Credits as the last images fade to black and:
speaker_heading: SUPER:
dialog: Based on the true story.
dialog: The names have been changed to
dialog: protect those who survived.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: SARA (0.S.)
dialog: Why do bad things happen to good
dialog: people?
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. CAMPBELL HOME - UPSTATE NEW YORK - DAY 2
text: The dim light and anonymously silhouetted angle of a
dialog: documentary interview. We can barely see the woman we will
text: come to know as SARA CAMPBELL.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: That’s the real question, right?
dialog: Why us? That’s what everybody wants
dialog: to know. Some pity us. Others seem
dialog: to think I wanted all this -
text: She sweeps her hand over the table in front of her - reveal a
text: spread of tabloids and magazines with lurid headlines:
dialog: ‘Haunting in Connecticut!’ ‘Trapped in the House of the
dialog: Dead!’ ‘The REAL Hell House’ etc.
speaker_heading: SARA (CONT'D)
dialog: God knows why - attention I
dialog: suppose. Are they kidding? Truth
dialog: is, I don’t know why it happened to
dialog: us. We’re just regular people, like
dialog: any other family. Not especially
dialog: good enough to be worth testing the
dialog: way the Lord tested Job. Or wicked
dialog: enough to deserve what happened.
dialog: Nobody deserves that.
text: She falls into silence. Then - hearing an off-mike question:
speaker_heading: SARA (CONT'D)
dialog: A silver lining? I guess...I guess
dialog: it did make me more certain that
dialog: Heaven exists.
dialog: (straight into camera)
dialog: It must - right? I mean - maybe
dialog: that’s the one good thing...
dialog: about glimpsing Hell...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: A RED SWEATY FACE
text: Burning with a feverish sweat, a teenage boy leans against a
text: car window, spattered with rain.
scene_heading: SUPER: JUNE 19, 1987
speaker_heading: WE ARE:
scene_heading: INT. SARA’S CAR - NIGHT - ON A CONNECTICUT HIGHWAY 3
text: A worried woman drives at night: SARA CAMPBELL, 38. In the
text: back seat her son MATT, 16, though the cancer and the
text: treatment conspire to make him seem much older. She looks at
text: him in the rear view mirror: Lying in the backseat. Sleeping.
text: Close on her: A mother’s worry. Eyes try to focus on the
text: road - while images mix and melt with rain on the windshield:
speaker_heading: 3B
speaker_heading: RAPID IMAGES: 4
text: X-rays. MRI. body scan. PET Scan. CAT scan. Not whole scenes -
text: just close-ups and details: Medical graphics. Tight close-ups
text: in claustrophobic machine interiors. Needles draw blood.
text: Blood cells seen through a microscope. The works. The
dialog: diagnostic hell that brought them here.
scene_heading: DOCTORS AND THEIR AUTHORITATIVE VOICES ALL MERGE:
speaker_heading: VARIOUS DOCTORS
dialog: Six months maybe less. /Experimental
dialog: treatment./No guarantee./Waiting
dialog: lists./Nothing in New York. Can you
dialog: get to Connecticut?
scene_heading: BACK TO THE PRESENT ON THE INTERSTATE: 5
text: The car passes a sign announcing that we have just left
dialog: Connecticut and entered New York.
scene_heading: IN THE CAR: 3B
text: As we come back to her face we barely hear her hushed prayer.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Please God. Let it work. Please.
text: Matt suddenly sits up behind her.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Talking to yourself? You know what
dialog: they say, first sign of losing it.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I wasn’t talking to myself. I was
dialog: talking to God.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: I think that’s the second.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I thanked him for giving me you.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Pull over Mom. I’m gonna be sick.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Very funny.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: It’s the chemo. I’m really gonna be-
text: She pulls over - he throws open the back door - we hear but
text: don’t see him RETCHING. She turns instinctively to help -
speaker_heading: MATT (0.S.) (CONT’D)
dialog: Mom - don’t look. I’m OK.
text: She winces with every retch. Matt comes back in.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Feel better?
text: He nods. She knows he’s lying as she starts the car moving.
scene_heading: INT. CAMPBELL HOME - UPSTATE NEW YORK - THE KITCHEN - DAY 6
text: Sara makes breakfast as her husband PETER, 40, walks in from
text: the bedroom, plastering an unruly boyish cowlick which belies
text: the strain and age in his eyes. He’s off to work.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Morning, babe. I didn’t hear you
dialog: come in. When did you get home?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: About 4.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: I know it’s two hundred miles, but
dialog: how did that take you eight hours?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Do you really want to know how many
dialog: times we stopped so he could vomit?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Oh, man. How is he now?
speaker_heading: SARA
text: He’s okay now. He’s asleep.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Lemme get breakfast. You go to bed.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: No it’s alright - I’m still wired
text: from driving - and Wendy’s helping.
text: WENDY - Sara's 17 year old niece - enters trailing the
text: RAUCOUS SOUNDS OF KIDS behind her.
speaker_heading: SARA (CONT'D)
dialog: Thanks, Wendy. Sorry for the chaos.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: It’s better than my house.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: My sister loves your daddy - they
dialog: just have funny ways of showing it.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: I knew love was a four letter word,
dialog: just not those four letter words.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Take these pancakes in to the
text: hungry hordes.
text: Wendy exits. And through the open door we catch a quick
text: glimpse of two younger kids at the table. And a bleary and
text: pale faced Matt stumbling out of a bedroom.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: It’s not good. One of these nights
dialog: you’re gonna drive off the road
dialog: you'll be so tired.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I wish we could just move there.
dialog: Just for the summer, until -
text: Behind them we see Matt and Wendy opening the kitchen door -
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: And in the meantime what? Pay
dialog: mortgage and a rent? Every penny we
dialog: got is in the damn store. When we
dialog: bought the franchise we didn’t plan-
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Nobody plans to have a child get
dialog: cancer.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: You know that’s not what I meant.
text: See behind them: Matt and Wendy exchange embarrassed glances
text: and step back - not wanting to hear them fight about Matt.
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT'D)
dialog: Look. You’re right. He’s gotta come
dialog: first. Let’s just do it.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT'D)
dialog: Find a rental in Connecticut, near
dialog: the Hospital. We’1l make it work.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: You mean it? What’1l you do? How
dialog: will we afford it?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Come on weekends. Take a second
dialog: mortgage on our second mortgage.
dialog: Whatever it takes.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: We’re gonna make it through this,
dialog: right?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Definitely.
text: His eyes, though, have none of the certainty of his words.
scene_heading: EXT. HOSPITAL - DAY
text: Victorian Gothic Hospital with concrete ‘70’s additions.
text: SUPER: St. Michael's Hospital. Goatswood, Connecticut.
text: June 20. 10:00 A.M.
scene_heading: INT. ANTECHAMBER - CONTINUOUS
text: Sara with the Oncologist, DR. Brooks.
speaker_heading: DR. BROOKS
dialog: He’s doing great.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: He vomited twice more this morning.
dialog: That’s doing great?
speaker_heading: DR. BROOKS
dialog: That’s doing chemo. It’s his
dialog: stomach cells dying. And being
dialog: reborn. Right now - we’re waging
text: war. Total war. Inside Matt’s body.
text: And the battle is just beginning.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: That’s what I’m afraid of.
scene_heading: MONTAGE: - INTERCUT
text: Tight shots of Matt’s treatment with Sara’s house search:
dialog: 10
speaker_heading: 9B
speaker_heading: 10B
dialog: 11
dialog: 9c
text: Sara’s hand circling house-to-rent wants ads; some say “no
text: kids or no pets” then crossing them out; seeing a few of the
text: available places through her eyes: they’re dumps;
speaker_heading: SARA (0.S.)
dialog: They’re all too small, too pricey
dialog: or have roaches as big as rats.
text: Matt strapped down on a tilted gurney beneath a forbidding 9
text: piece of equipment covered with radioactive warning signs.
speaker_heading: SARA (0.S.)
dialog: - But I’m not giving up.
scene_heading: INT. THE CAR - LATER 10
text: After more scratched off lists, Sara is near tears. She looks
text: out the window and sees it’s the cemetery she’s passing. She
text: turns away and rams her foot down on the gas as if she could
text: out run the grim reaper - or at least her tears.
text: Gloved hands place a fitted mask to hold Matt’s head in 9B
text: position. Metal rods and leather straps keep his body
text: immobilized. With a mechanical WHIR the radiation commences.
scene_heading: INT. SARA'S CAR - SAME TIME 10B
text: Just past the edge of the cemetery she does a double-take and
text: slows down as she glimpses out of the side of her vision: A
text: man clumsily hammers a ‘FOR RENT’ sign into the ground.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - CONTINUOUS 11
text: Sara pulls up and rolls down the window. Squinting into the
text: setting sun she sees a squamous purple Victorian house.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I don’t want to waste your time.
dialog: What are you asking?
text: The man turns around - AZIZ SINGH, realtor. Warm, persuasive.
speaker_heading: MR. SINGH
dialog: Hello. Welcome. I give you first
dialog: month free if I don’t have to
dialog: finish hammering this darn sign!
text: Close Shots: Needles, needles, needles. In Matt’s veins. 9c
text: Spine. The back of his neck. Drawing blood. Drawing marrow.
text: Injecting things. Until he’s a pincushion of pain.
dialog: 12
speaker_heading: 9D
dialog: 13
speaker_heading: MR. SINGH (0.S.)
dialog: It just needs some love and care...
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - SAME TIME 12
text: Singh guides Sara past the time-faded wallpaper and chipped
text: paint of a once elegant old interior.
speaker_heading: MR. SINGH
dialog: ---and a good family to bring it
text: back to life.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: And you don’t mind children?
speaker_heading: MR. SINGH
dialog: Where would we be without them? On
text: a cold empty rock.
text: Suddenly - a RUMBLING, GROANING CLANKING sound.
speaker_heading: MR. SINGH (CONT’D)
text: Old houses are like old stomachs.
text: They make a lot of noise.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: It’s everything we need. And then
dialog: some. It’s beautiful, spacious,
dialog: affordable. I mean, it’s too good
dialog: to be true. So what’s the catch?
text: Matt seems to be hanging upside down - as hot lava flows irfttp
text: his veins - he slowly rotates - But in fact he is not moving -
speaker_heading: MR. SINGH (0.S.)
dialog: The catch? Yes, well it does have a
dialog: somewhat peculiar history...
text: - it’s the camera spinning: Matt’s in a chair attached to a
text: machine; tubes from the machine give multiple injections
text: simultaneously. While another filters his blood.
scene_heading: INT. PHONE BOOTH - LATE AFTERNOON 13
text: Sara nearly at the end of her rope, talking to Peter.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I saw one that was almost perfect
dialog: but...it just wasn’t quite right.
scene_heading: 14 INT. SARA’S CAR - A BEAT LATER 14
text: Driving home. She looks at Matt in the rear view mirror.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: They say you might have some body
dialog: ache - but no nausea.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (through clenched teeth)
dialog: Doctor says to patient; I got bad
dialog: news. You’ve got cancer. And you’ve
dialog: got Alzheimer’s.’ Patient says
dialog: ‘Whew, least I don’t have cancer.’
text: Sara laughs not to cry. As each tiny bump sends paroxysms of
text: pain through Matt’s body.
speaker_heading: MATT (CONT’D)
dialog: At least I don’t have nausea.
text: He’s putting on a brave face - but his groans can’t be
text: stifled. Every small bump in the road sends shockwaves of
text: pain through his young body. Sara steals glances in the rear
text: view mirror at him - and it tears at her heart. She turns the
text: car around and heads back the way they came...
scene_heading: 15 EXT. THE HOUSE - LATER 15
text: Mr. Singh stands out front with Sara, near her car. We see
text: he’s brought a big mattress, two sleeping bags, a portable TV
text: and even some take-away food.
text: Both of them helping a frail Matt out of the back seat of
text: the car, one putting a blanket around his shoulders.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I don’t know how to thank you.
text: He leans in to her - out of Matt’s hearing.
speaker_heading: MR. SINGH
dialog: Really, don’t worry - and remember -
text: a house is just bricks and wood and
dialog: plaster. That’s all. Anything else -
dialog: is just imagination...
scene_heading: 16 INT. HOUSE - LATER 16
text: Two sleeping bags lie on the mattress beside the table.
dialog: 17
dialog: 18
dialog: 10.
text: Matt, half asleep, watches TV. Behind him we see Sara on the
dialog: phone.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I made a decision. You weren’t
dialog: there.
text: She pulls the phone into the next room - so Matt can’t hear.
text: As Matt nods off we MOVE IN on the TV screen. In reflection
text: we can see Matt in front of it- but also - something else:
text: Someone standing behind him. Or is it just the flickering
dialog: ghosts of bad TV reception?
text: Sara steps into the next room - so Matt doesn’t hear.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: You didn’t have to hear him
dialog: groaning, Peter. I just couldn’t
dialog: take it.
scene_heading: INT. PARLOR - LATER THAT NIGHT 17
text: Looking down on Sara and Matt. Each in their own sleeping
text: bag. But lying close. The dark room seems filled with muffled
text: voices. The walls seem to whisper like faint swarms of bees.
text: A close POV of the sleeping mother and son - as of someone
text: standing right over them...
text: Matt stirs, looks up uneasily at the spot where a second ago
text: it seemed someone was standing observing them. Nothing there.
text: Matt slips out of bed as quietly as he can. He starts into
text: the nearest bathroom - but realizes the sound will wake her -
text: so he goes looking for another one upstairs.
scene_heading: INT. SECOND FLOOR - CONTINUOUS 18
text: He finds a bathroom. He leans over to retch. Splashes cold
text: water in his face. Then freezes. Did he hear something?
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Matthew.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Mom?
text: He opens the door. No one’s there. He pads back downstairs.
dialog: 19
dialog: 20
dialog: 21
dialog: 11.
scene_heading: INT. PARLOR —- CONTINUOUS 19
text: But he sees she’s still sound asleep. He’s about to get into
text: his sleeping bag when again he hears--
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Matthew...
text: From behind him this time. He tries to follow the sound.
scene_heading: INT. THE BASEMENT - CONTINUOUS 20
text: He steps into the darkened stairwell. Suddenly the silence is
text: torn by a GRINDING sound - from deep inside the house: the
text: clanging of old elevator chains...
text: Stepping out of the darkness of the stairs, Matt thinks he
text: sees a mirror - but then sees it is a half wood, half thick
text: glass wall with a door. The mirror effect is because someone
text: seems to be standing on the other side of the glass.
dialog: 
text: He approaches - closer - cups his hands to try and see
text: through the distorting glass -
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Hello? Who’s there?
text: Seen through the distorting glass: A face - impossible to say
text: if it is just a distorted reflection of his own face in the
text: thick glass or another face on the other side looking back at
text: him - blackened and burnt and mouth open in a scream as a
text: hand jerks the head away by the hair -
scene_heading: MATCH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PARLOR - MORNING 21
text: - and it is Matt who SCREAMS as he jerks awake, woozy, his
text: face red and covered in sweat.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: What? Wh-where?
text: Sunlight pours in. A hand strokes his brow.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Honey? You alright?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Yeah. Just a dream. I guess.
dialog: 22
dialog: 23
dialog: 24
dialog: 25
dialog: 12.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - MORNING 22
text: She gives him a can of protein shake.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Pick of the house for any bedroom
dialog: you want: if you drink this. Deal?
text: Matt tries his best to get some of the protein shake down.
scene_heading: INT. SECOND FLOOR - LATER 23
text: Matt starts upstairs, checking out the rooms.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS 24
text: Matt steps into the first room. Faded Victorian wall paper
text: covered with an intricate pattern of caged song birds. The
text: feeling is utterly lonely, and a place out of time.
scene_heading: INT. DOWNSTAIRS PARLOR —- CONTINUOUS 25
text: Sara’s in the front parlor, damp dusting down the room and
text: cabinets. She pulls at old built-in wooden cabinets beneath
text: the windows. They’re stuck shut from years of warping and
text: dust. She pulls harder - and the wooden door opens, revealing
text: a cabinet filled with small frames stacked on their sides.
text: She pulls one out - then another - they’re old framed photos -
dialog: from the teens or twenties by the dress of the people - we
dialog: recognize the photos - we saw them in the credit sequence:
text: - Twin boys sit one each on Mother and Father’s lap. The
text: children seem stiff and awkward as dolls.
text: - an old man in a bed - surrounded by family who all stare
text: into the camera - only his eyes are closed.
text: - a mother and new born infant lie together as if sleeping.
text: - a family - Mother, Father, Three children. All sit frozen
text: before a painted backdrop of clouds as if seated in Heaven.
text: Suddenly Sara recognizes what they are - DEAD PEOPLE. Then
text: looks around her and recognizes the room she’s standing in -
text: is the same as the room in which the photos were taken -she
text: can make out the faded painted over clouds of the heavenly
text: backdrop still visible beneath the fading paint on the walls,
text: and drops the photos on the floor, breaking the glass.
dialog: 26
dialog: 27
dialog: 28
dialog: 29
dialog: 13.
scene_heading: EXT. BACKYARD - A BEAT LATER 26
text: Sara bends over the large garbage cans out back dumping the
text: photos into the garbage cans. Looking around back at the
text: house to make sure Matt hasn’t seen her.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - DAY 27
text: In the hall Matt stops by small metal doors with a button. He
text: opens the doors into a small elevator shaft covered inside
text: with what looks like centuries of dust. He peers down into
text: the blackness. He pulls a penny from his pocket and drops it
text: down the shaft. We hear it PINGING and KNOCKING all the way
text: down...suddenly a GRINDING of GEARS and CLANKING CHAINS.
scene_heading: INT. DOWNSTAIRS - CONTINUOUS 28
text: Stepping into the kitchen Sara hears the grinding elevator.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Matt?
text: She walks to the stairs and peers up to the hallway.
speaker_heading: SARA (CONT'D)
dialog: Matt? Did you pick a room?
speaker_heading: MATT (0.S.)
dialog: Yeah. I did.
text: The voice doesn’t come from upstairs. But from downstairs.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT - CONTINUOUS 29
text: Sara finds Matt in the middle of the basement.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Or it picked me.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: What do you mean, it picked you?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: I dunno. It’s the meds mom.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: So, which room?
dialog: (Matt gestures, this room)
dialog: Down here?
dialog: 30
dialog: 31
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: I like it. It’s nice and cool. And
dialog: best of all, my own private toilet -
dialog: nobody has to hear me.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: You don’t need to hide from us.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Knowing everyone can hear me puking
dialog: just makes me feel worse. Alright?
text: Matt tries the locked door in the half-glass wall that
text: divides the space. The door is not locked. And the knob
text: turns. But it just won’t open.
speaker_heading: MATT (CONT’D)
dialog: What do you think’s back here?
text: They both have their faces pressed against the glass trying
text: to see in. HONKS and SHOUTS from upstairs startle them.
speaker_heading: PETER (0.S.)
dialog: Hello? Anybody home?
scene_heading: INT. THE HOUSE - CONTINUOUS 30
text: Matt's brother BILLY, 11, and sister Mary, 7, race upstairs
text: arguing over bedrooms. Wendy follows them, giving chase.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: You wait until Aunt Sara and Uncle
dialog: Peter tell you where your room is.
dialog: Wait! You little monsters!
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOUSE - MOMENTS LATER 31
text: Matt and his Dad behind the rented U-Haul, which is connected
text: to a shiny late model pickup truck - Peter’s pride and joy.
text: Peter’s pulling boxes out of the back.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Hand me that one.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: No, no —
speaker_heading: MATT PETER
dialog: I can - You might -
dialog: 32
dialog: 33
dialog: 34
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Dad, I’m not gonna croak from
text: carrying cushions.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: That’s not what I meant. You might
dialog: scratch my truck.
text: They laugh. Peter lifts a chair onto his head and walks
text: inside. Matt follows carrying couch cushions.
scene_heading: BACK UPSTAIRS: 32
text: Sara leads Wendy into a room down the hall.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Now I think this room would be a
dialog: perfect girl’s room.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM —- CONTINUOUS 33
text: The room with the caged birds on the wall.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Why do you say that?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Good light. Nice wall paper. And a
text: big mirror.
text: They both laugh, and as she closes the closet door with the
text: mirror on it we see SUPER-BRIEF FLASH: A young man - wearing
text: very old fashioned clothes - stands staring sullenly at them.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. MATT’S BEDROOM - LATER 34
text: Peter finishes putting Matt’s bed together down there.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: A little dark. But hey - I was a
dialog: teenager once. Cool bachelor pad.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Cool pad? Dad, this is the 80's?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Trust me - the 70’s will be back.
dialog: (Tries the door)
dialog: What’s back here?
dialog: 35
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Don’t know. We couldn’t open it.
speaker_heading: PETER
text: Hmm. Lock works fine. Knob turns.
dialog: Just must be stuck. Step back -
text: He really leans into it. Nope. Just won’t open.
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT'D)
dialog: Maybe the owners sealed it for
dialog: storage. Or the house settled and
text: the door frame’s jammed.
text: They’re interrupted by Sara who walks in with mop and bucket.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: If you’re gonna live down here - I
dialog: need to give it a good wash. You
dialog: know your immune system is weak. I
dialog: don’t like all this dust. Out, out!
text: Matt and Peter know better than to argue so they leave.
scene_heading: INT. THE BASEMENT —- SOME TIME LATER 35
text: Sara mops the floor of the room. As she moves backwards, the
text: glass wall is behind her.
text: Matt comes down stairs - sees his Mom still cleaning and
text: smiles and shakes his head - but then he sees:
text: Behind her it seems he sees two figures back there. One a
text: tall thin man. The other, a boy - about Matt's age. The same
text: sullen boy we glimpsed in the mirror upstairs. They are bent
text: over tables. Working.
text: Matt says nothing but takes a step closer and for a second we
speaker_heading: FLASH TO:
text: In this exact same space a body'S exsanguinated, drained of
text: blood. The tall thin man and the boy are embalming a body.
text: Hosing the blood into a concave ditch that ends in a drain.
text: BACK IN THE PRESENT
text: Matt stifles a scream - his mother hears him and looks up
text: from her mopping with a smile -
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Honey? You feeling alright?
dialog: 36
dialog: 17.
text: Matt looks up - the morticians are gone. He looks down at the
text: floor and sees a horrific red mess of congealing blood all
text: around her mop.
text: Noticing nothing Sara lifts the mop back into the water -
text: squeezes it out - clear water pours out. Matt blinks and sees
text: it’s all normal. But when she puts the mop back down on the
text: floor: again the water turns a thick coagulated red.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Mom!
text: She stops and looks up again - a bit annoyed now but trying
dialog: not to show it.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: What now?
text: He looks at the dripping mop - no blood, just water. All
text: normal. And behind the window no figures leaning over
text: cadavers. The floor is spotless.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Um, nothing - just, thanks - for
dialog: cleaning my room.
text: She gives him a peck on the cheek on her way out of the room.
text: Matt lingers in the door for a second - looking back at his
text: room - daring it to show him something again.
scene_heading: EXT. BACKYARD - EVENING 36
text: Tending a barbecue grill, turns to look at Matt - who’s
text: looking up at the just appearing stars in the night sky.
text: Peter sees something in Matt’s face. Something vulnerable.
text: Fearful. Angry? He can’t tell. Maybe all three.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: I remember when we used to go
dialog: camping. When you were little. And
dialog: every night you’d fall asleep
dialog: counting the stars and could never
dialog: finish. Used to drive you nuts.
text: Matt just stares at him. He’s a long way from that kid now.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Yeah. But then I learned. All the
dialog: stars we see are already dead. We
dialog: just haven’t gotten the news.
dialog: 37
dialog: 38
dialog: 18.
text: Peter, worried, has no reply to that as Matt turns and walks
text: into the house. Passing Sara, who is coming out with burger
text: buns. Sara saw the worried look on Matt’s face, and it is
text: mirrored in her own worried expression.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Something on your mind?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Of course there’s something on my
dialog: mind. There’s always something on
dialog: my mind. The same as always.
scene_heading: INT. MARY’S ROOM - LATER THAT NIGHT 37
text: Mary and Wendy are kneeling by the bed -
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: You get your own room - like a big
dialog: girl- you sure you won’t be scared?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I don’t think so.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Good. Okay, you start.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Now I lay me down to sleep -
text: As we hear the prayer we PAN ACROSS the shelf above her bed -
text: lined with all her stuffed animals and dolls: including her
text: favorite, a featureless soft thing, worn to almost nothing,
dialog: impossible to say whether it was once a teddy-bear or rabbit
text: or what. Its remaining shoe-button eye hangs by a string.
speaker_heading: MARY O.S.
dialog: If I should die before I wake...
text: We continue out down the hall to the next room where -
scene_heading: INT. BILLY'S ROOM - CONTINUOUS 38
speaker_heading: MARY O.S.
dialog: I pray the Lord my soul to take.
text: Billy’s a bit spooked. He closes his door most of the way.
text: He looks in the closet. Then checks under the bed too.
dialog: 39
dialog: 40
dialog: 19.
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOUSE - THAT NIGHT 39
text: On this moonless night the darkened house looms like a
text: shadow’s shadow. Darker than the night itself.
scene_heading: INT. MATT’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 40
text: Matt in bed, face covered in sweat. His closed eyes twitch
text: from the force of rapid eye movement. Suddenly he sits
text: upright in bed. Eyes still closed. Then they snap open.
text: But blank and unseeing - staring not merely across the room —
text: but across decades of time past into the glassed in room.
speaker_heading: MATT’S POV:
text: In the next chamber he sees a tall thin man - the one he
text: earlier saw embalming a body - AICKMAN - who now seems bent
text: over some writing on pale parchment.
text: Beyond him the boy, JONAH - watches Aickman writing with a
text: look of growing horror - then looks up across the space and
dialog: locks eyes with Matt -
text: And suddenly it is as if Matt can see through Jonah's eyes -
dialog: a_close vision of Aickman's strange writing:
speaker_heading: Aliguem Mortuum Suspiria
text: Magical words and symbols fill the screen. Thin scratchings
text: in red on parchment. Arcane words in an ancient languages of
text: necromancy. And as we see them, we hear them:
speaker_heading: AICKMAN (0.S.)
dialog: Aliquem mortuum suspiria, talis
dialog: ordo tenebrum est.
text: And suddenly we widen to see: Aickman is not writing on
text: parchment - he is not writing at all - he is carving these
text: letters with a thin scalpel directly into the pale flesh of
dialog: an_ embalmed corpse!
speaker_heading: AICKMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: .---per nomina sancta deus...Adonai,
dialog: Alpha et Omega, Sabaoth...
text: See now scores of incantations carved upon every inch of the
text: dead white flesh by the thin grey hands of Aickman
text: Behind him, we glimpse several other bodies bound in cloth -
text: and from arms and ankles sticking out we can see: They too
text: are carved with signs and words.
dialog: 41
dialog: 42
dialog: 43
dialog: 20.
text: The boy - JONAH - stares horrified - his face a mirror to
text: Matt's face across the room staring blindly at the strange
dialog: things happening right in his bedroom!
text: And now we understand the shocked look of abject horror in
text: the eyes of the boy Jonah who sees:
dialog: E.C.U:
text: As Aickman's long fingers pull gently on the corpse's eyelid -
dialog: 
text: stretching the delicate flesh out from the head. And with a
dialog: horrible SNIPPING sound -
dialog: 
speaker_heading: WE CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MATT’S BEDROOM —- CONTINUOUS 4l
text: Matt’s own eyes, for the first time, blink. And he is
text: suddenly awake. He looks around - disoriented. As if it were
text: all just some horrific, and horrifically detailed, nightmare.
text: He looks across the room - to the half glass divider - behind
dialog: which he saw - or dreamt he saw - such abominable things.
text: Matt wipes the sleep from his eye and gets closer to the
text: window - he sees nothing. He tries the door knob.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: ow!
text: He pulls his hand back. And we can see his skin blistering -
text: as if he had grabbed burning metal.
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOUSE - MORNING 42
text: From the back yard, looking at the kitchen windows. In the
text: bright summer sun the place looks almost homey.
dialog: Super: July 20th 8:30 am
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - MORNING 43
text: Sara’s making breakfast. Matt’s there too, taking plates from
text: a cupboard and putting them on the counter. Then he gets out
text: silverware and carries it back to the dining room.
text: As he starts to set the knives and forks around the table, he
text: hears, faint but distinctly, VOICES. He can’t tell at first.
dialog: 21.
text: From the walls? The ceiling? Or is it the floor? Or all of
text: them? He turns around, no one’s there.
text: Shaking it out of his mind, Matt walks back to the kitchen -
text: only to find the plates he set out on the counter are gone -
text: and they’re back in the cupboard where he got them. Sara is
text: at the stove, tending to the eggs and pancakes.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Why'd you put the plates back?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: I put the plates out and now --
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I didn’t touch them, sweetie.
dialog: Are you okay?
text: Matt nods, then steps back to the cupboard. CRASH! He spins,
text: the plates are on the floor, broken. Sara hurries over. She
text: also notes for the first time his hand - it looks burned.
speaker_heading: SARA (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m sorry honey. That was stupid of
dialog: me. The dishes were too heavy for-
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: I didn’t drop them.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Then how -
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: I don’t know! I swear - I - saw -
text: Sara touches his forehead, checking for fever.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Dr. Brooks said to tell him if you
dialog: were seeing things. He said -
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: - I remember what he said. He said
dialog: if I was seeing things - or even
dialog: thinking weird things - it meant
dialog: they'd drop me from the trial. We
dialog: didn’t come this far, turn our
dialog: lives upside down, move house, just
dialog: to call it all off.
dialog: 44
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: But if you’re -
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: No Mom. It’s nothing. I’m not
dialog: seeing things. I swear. Nothing's
dialog: wrong. Really. I’m just tired. I
dialog: remember now - I just left them
text: sitting too close to the edge.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Well, alright. But you tell me if
dialog: anything like that happens again.
dialog: Promise?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Promise. Sorry I broke the dishes.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: That’s alright sweetie. Your
dialog: Grandmother used to kiss me when I
dialog: broke a plate or a glass. Said it
dialog: meant something worse won’t happen.
scene_heading: INT. DR. BROOKS’S OFFICE - DAY 44
text: With Sara and Matt there, the Doctor, wearing latex gloves,
text: gingerly probes the peeling skin on Matt’s hand.
speaker_heading: DR. BROOKS
text: His skin may well turn black. Start
text: peeling off. Perfectly normal.
dialog: It’s a bit early. But that could be
dialog: a good sign.
text: He pulls a thermometer out of Matt’s mouth.
speaker_heading: DR. BROOKS
dialog: No fever - excellent. Less nausea?
dialog: Good. Even a bit of appetite.
dialog: Outstanding. And no visual or
text: auditory hallucinations or other
dialog: behavioral abnormalities?
text: She’s silent for a beat. The Doctor looks up at her, and at
text: Matt. Matt looks at her - worried she’s going to mention this
dialog: morning...
speaker_heading: DR. BROOKS
dialog: Anything?
text: She hesitates for a beat, but only a beat.
dialog: 45
speaker_heading: 45A
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: No, no. Sorry I was just
dialog: distracted. He’s fine, I guess.
dialog: Considering.
text: Matt nods in agreement.
speaker_heading: DR. BROOKS
dialog: Excellent. Then we can continue to
dialog: stage two.
scene_heading: INT. CHEMOTHERAPY ROOM - DAY 45
text: Matt sits in a room eith six Barcaloungers facing six tele-
text: visions. Each chair attached to one of the modules which
text: controls the chemo. Some of the people, all in street
text: clothes, in the other five chairs have already lost their
text: hair. Some still look robust. Some will die, and soon.
text: In the chair next to him a strangely young pair of eyes peer
text: curiously out of an older man’s face - POPESCU.
text: Matt hears a SCRABBLING sound and looks down at the floor to
text: the right of his chair and sees with a jolt: A large black
text: CRAB scuttles across the floor and scrambles under the chair.
text: Matt looks around - no one else seems to have noticed. He
text: leans over and tries to see under the chair. Nothing.
text: And before he can sit back up a black claw whips out and
text: closes on the soft part of his forearm -—
dialog: 
text: And he screams -—
speaker_heading: NURSE (0.S.)
dialog: Now that didn’t hurt.
scene_heading: REVEAL WE ARE:
scene_heading: INT. CHEMOTHERAPY ROOM - DAY 45A
text: A nurse pulls a needle out of his arm as Matt snaps awake in
text: the chemo room. The old man, Popescu, lays a reassuring hand
text: on his arm leans in conspiratorially close:
speaker_heading: POPESCU
dialog: You were dreaming.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: What? Oh. Yeah.
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: POPESCU
dialog: And breathing heavy. Which of
dialog: course can mean either a very bad
dialog: dream. Or a very good one. Which
dialog: was it?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: I’ve had better.
text: His eyes seem to look right into Matt - spreading a kind of
text: warmth as they do.
speaker_heading: MATT (CONT’D)
dialog: Sometimes lately - It’s been hard.
speaker_heading: POPESCU
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: To tell which is a dream.
speaker_heading: POPESCU
dialog: Are we men dreaming we’re
dialog: butterflies? Or butterflies
dialog: dreaming we’re men?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Do you ever...
speaker_heading: POPESCU
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: I dunno, see things? Hear things.
dialog: Things that... aren’t - that can’t
dialog: be - there?
text: Popescu makes a zipping gesture at his lips - and turns an
text: invisible key and tosses it away.
speaker_heading: POPESCU
dialog: Don’t ever tell them you can see
dialog: things. They won’t understand. When
dialog: my wife was dying - the whole last
dialog: day - I sat there praying and
text: crying. She never once looked at
dialog: me. Just looked all around her - as
dialog: if at all the others in the room -
dialog: but we were alone. Or so I thought.
dialog: Now I know better. She was where we
text: are. In the valley.
dialog: 46
dialog: 47
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: The Valley?
speaker_heading: POPESCU
dialog: Of the shadow of death. And you
dialog: know what to do when you find
dialog: yourself in the valley of the
dialog: shadow of death?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: POPESCU
dialog: Easy. Fear no evil.
text: He hands Matt a card: Fr. Nicholas Popescu.
speaker_heading: POPESCU
dialog: If you need to talk, call me.
dialog: Any time.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - NIGHT 46
text: The children all asleep, Sara’s still awake at a table
text: covered in bills and insurance forms. She’s on the phone
dialog: talking to Peter:
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Right, this was gonna be free.
dialog: Sixty bucks for five pills... No,
dialog: that they’1ll cover. But not the
dialog: follow-ups... The blue one for the
dialog: nausea? Yes. But the pink one that
text: stops him feeling restless because
dialog: of the blue one?... I tried, Peter.
dialog: I was on hold for an hour!
scene_heading: INT. MATT’S BEDROOM - LATER THAT NIGHT 47
text: Matt lies in bed. Tossing. Groaning. He wakes, raises his
text: head and searches the room - nothing - or... This is so like
text: one of his dreams. Is he asleep? He looks down at his arm —
text: and pinches himself - hard. Awake, he sits up and looks at
text: the glass wall across the room. Is there a shape in there?
dialog: 
text: Looks harder. Yes. Definitely. Around his size - a bit
text: smaller - standing just the other side of the glass. The
text: shadow moves in the other chamber to the door.
text: Matt looks at the door. It slowly swings open.
dialog: 48
dialog: 49
dialog: 26.
text: Matt stares into the widening blackness - He stands up -
text: shaky - and moves towards the door - and into the darkness.
text: For a moment we see through the glass:
text: Two figures face each other.
scene_heading: INT. MATT’S BEDROOM - THE NEXT MORNING 48
speaker_heading: BILLY (0.S.)
dialog: Matt? Where are you? Matt?
text: Billy comes down the stairs. But the bedroom is empty.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: In here.
text: Then Billy sees - the open door to the other room.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Whoa. How’d you get in there?
text: And we see it really wasn’t a dream. The door is open.
scene_heading: INT. EMBALMING CHAMBER - CONTINUOUS 49
text: From Billy’s POV, we get our first good look inside there.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: What is this place?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Hop on.
text: Matt's standing behind a heavy stainless steel gurney -
text: practically gleaming considering how old it is.
speaker_heading: MATT (CONT’D)
dialog: Take you for a ride.
text: Billy gets on. Matt pulls him roughly - so he’s flat on it.
text: Matt starts turning it around - faster and faster. As he does
text: - he sees - while spinning around - glimpses of Aickman and
text: Jonah removing a body from a coffin. The coffin then filled
text: not with a body, but with sandbags, and re-sealed shut.
text: He seems oblivious to his brother who’s holding on to the
text: gurney which Matt is turning faster and faster.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Matt - slow down - Matt! Stop!
dialog: 50
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: PETER (0.S.)
dialog: (Descending the stairs)
dialog: Dammit, what is going on down here?
text: Matt stops. Billy nearly thrown from the gurney.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: What's the matter with you?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Sorry.
text: As their Dad steps into the bedroom and sees the open door.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: I guess I loosened it, eh?
dialog: (entering the room)
dialog: What the hell...
text: About three feet from the floor, along all four walls runs
text: a continuous shelf about three feet in width. In a corner
text: there’s a dull porcelain embalming TABLE. Pile of old
text: yellowed TOE TAGS next to a dusty glass EMBALMING PUMP.
text: Creepy old EMBALMING TOOLS, trochars, big metal syringes
text: scattered on the shelf. Old rust-stained PORCELAIN SINKS.
text: Then the clincher: an old bottle labelled formaldehyde.
speaker_heading: PETER (0.S.) (CONT’D)
dialog: Well now we know why the rent was
dialog: so cheap. The question is -
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM - LATER 50
text: Peter bears down on Sara, who’s trying to avoid facing him.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: - what did you know and when the
dialog: hell did you know it? Jesus!
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: (reacts to his anger)
dialog: Know what?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: What this place was. Aren’t you the
dialog: one who says we can’t live on lies?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Yeah. But that was because you were
text: a drunk. And a liar.
dialog: 28.
text: He’d like to return fire but Peter calms himself, accepts it.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Right. But I’m not now. Thanks to
dialog: you. And the children. And that’s
dialog: not how we work. Right?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I know. I’m sorry. I should have
dialog: told you. I just - we needed some
dialog: place. And it just seemed perfect.
dialog: Like a gift from God.
scene_heading: 51 EXT. CEMETERY - SUNSET 51
text: Wendy and Matt on a walk, approaching a foot entrance to the
text: cemetery near their house. Matt gestures, let’s go in.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: You sure?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Yea though I walk through the
dialog: valley of the shadow of death, I
dialog: shall fear no evil. For I am the
text: baddest mutha in the valley.
text: They walk in past Victorian mortuary sculptures, blackened
text: and moss covered. Walk slowly between rows of older Puritan
text: stone monuments bearing only a simple winged skull and some
text: even older, rubbed blank by the scouring winds of time.
text: Matt looks across the cemetery to where a small group in
text: period attire stand around an open grave where a coffin is
text: lowered into the ground while the minister says his last and
text: mourners toss handfuls of dirt.
speaker_heading: MINISTER
dialog: (far off voice)
dialog: “I am the first and the last: I am
dialog: he that liveth, and was dead; and
dialog: behold, I am alive for evermore,
dialog: Amen; and have the keys of hell and
dialog: of death..."
text: Matt turns back to Wendy who bends to smell wild flowers. He
text: looks back up at the funeral - but there is no funeral. Just
text: an empty cemetery where he and Wendy are the only - living -
text: people present. He shudders and rubs his eyes.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: You alright?
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Yeah. Sure.
text: They walk past old headstones that look ready to tip over.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: You ever ask yourself, what’s the
dialog: point?
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: The point of what?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Anything. Doing anything. Being
dialog: anything. You just end up here
dialog: anyway. Why be alive at all?
text: Matt makes a cynical snort that startles Wendy. Matt suddenly
text: and viciously kicks a tottering tombstone, knocking it flat.
text: He’s about to kick another one, to kick them all over if he
text: can. But Wendy grabs Matt, and holds him.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: I used to wonder about that. I'd lie
dialog: awake at night - just hearing my
text: parents yelling. Seems like day and
dialog: night all they did was curse at each
dialog: other. Some nights I thought he’d
dialog: kill her. Other times I wished they’d
dialog: kill each other. Or me. Just to stop
dialog: the hate.
text: He looks at her - for a brief moment lifted out of his pain.
speaker_heading: WENDY (CONT’D)
dialog: But then I moved in with you guys.
dialog: I realized it didn’t have to be
dialog: that way. I don’t know what happens
dialog: when we die. If anything happens.
dialog: But I know what can happen when
dialog: you’re alive. You can love. And be
dialog: loved. And every minute you’re one
dialog: or the other...
scene_heading: 52 INT. DINING ROOM - NIGHT 52
text: At the table, the whole family is sitting down for a meal.
speaker_heading: WENDY (0.S.)
dialog: -..is a gift.
dialog: 53
dialog: 30.
text: Matt just looks around at his loving family. Wendy’s words
text: echoing in his ears. There’s a lot of chatter and passing
text: dishes. Then Peter quiets everybody down.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Okay, so, everyone knows now this
dialog: used to be a funeral home. Big
dialog: deal. It’s not anymore, and hasn’t
dialog: been for years and years. It’s just
text: a house. Bricks, nails, wood. And
dialog: it’s our house for the rest of the
dialog: summer. Until Matt’s finished at
dialog: the hospital. We’re all under
dialog: pressure and we all have to pull
dialog: together, like a team. Okay?
text: He holds out his hands - and they all join hands. And the
text: INSTANT they do - it’s as if they have formed some kind of
dialog: electrical circuit and_a_ strange current JOLTS Matt -
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT'D)
dialog: Who wants to say grace? Matt?
text: They all look at Matt. Who is staring behind them - beyond
text: them - as if there were others in the room.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Matt, you alright?
text: He’s not alright. He’s not even there any more...
speaker_heading: HE IS:
scene_heading: INT. PARLOUR - 1927 53
text: The same parlor where they now sit - but now it is arrayed
text: for a different sort of ritual. Six people seated around the
text: circular table, holding hands. Holding a seance.
text: Aickman, eyes lit with an uncanny fire, stands behind the
text: circle. Move around the table and see their faces: skeptical,
text: nervous, mournful, others nearly joyful.
text: - and at the end of the circle we come to the boy, JONAH...
text: - in whose pale impassive face only the liquid green eyes
dialog: show anything at all: abject dread.
text: We circle around them faster and faster - Sometimes from in
text: front of their faces - sometimes from behind their heads -
text: The candle light throws fantastic shadows - Dizzying us -
text: with the swaying and the singing - and the movement -
speaker_heading: 52B
dialog: 54
dialog: 31.
text: Suddenly stop: The table begins to tremble beneath their
text: fingers - the legs rattling against the floor.
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - CONTINUOUS 52B
speaker_heading: PETER (0.S.)
dialog: Matt!
text: Angle on Matt who looks up in mirror and sees not himself but
text: Jonah staring back at him.
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT'D)
dialog: Matt!
text: Matt suddenly focuses on them. And sees that of course they
text: don’t see what he sees. He giggles. Weirdly. It’s that or
text: scream at the top of his lungs.
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT'D)
dialog: What's wrong with you?
text: Matt can’t stop laughing. He’s hysterical. Mary starts to cry
text: - and Billy staring at his brother on the verge of it -
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT'D)
dialog: (fiercer)
dialog: Matt -
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Peter. Please. It’s the medicine.
text: Wendy gently steps over to Matt.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Did you see..?
text: But he doesn’t finish the sentence - because he can see that
text: she didn’t - that none of them - saw what he saw.
text: He just shakes his head sadly and allows himself to be led
text: out of the room - and downstairs - to his room.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT - A BEAT LATER 54
text: She sits next to him on the bed.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: What happened up there?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: I - nothing.
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: You seeing things?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: No. I am not seeing things. I can’t
dialog: be.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: If I was seeing things - they’d
dialog: stop the treatments.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: So what happened?
text: He wants to tell her but he can’t, outright. So he tries the
dialog: only way he can.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: You remember that book when we were
dialog: kids? With the weird pictures? We
dialog: used to love that one. “The man who
dialog: was not there.”
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: I do. I do remember.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: ‘As I was walkin' up the stair/
dialog: I saw a man who wasn't there/He
dialog: wasn't there again today.’
speaker_heading: MATT /WENDY
dialog: ‘Oh how I wish he'd go away’
text: They laugh. She looks at him tenderly.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Remember the other one?
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: No - maybe, which one?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: ‘One bright day in the middle of
text: the night. Two dead boys got up to
dialog: fight. Back to back they faced one
text: another. Drew their swords and shot
dialog: each other...
dialog: 55
dialog: 33.
text: He looks over her shoulder - to the glass divider - where
text: someone else seems to be standing looking back in -
speaker_heading: MATT (CONT’D)
dialog: ‘,..A deaf policeman heard the
dialog: noise. He came and killed those two
dialog: dead boys.’
text: He seems even now to be seeing past her - to someplace, or
dialog: someone not there...
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Matt, you’re scaring me.
text: He turns back to her, his skin going a whiter shade of pale.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Join the club.
scene_heading: EXT. THE DRIVEWAY - NIGHT 55
text: Sara holds Peter beside his truck.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Before he got sick, we were already
dialog: in over our heads. Now we're
text: headin’ for the bottom of the pool.
dialog: I’m just sorry you have to work. We
dialog: moved out here so you wouldn’t have
dialog: to be gone all the time.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: It’s easier than driving him was.
dialog: And besides. We need the money.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: We gotta get through the summer.
dialog: Then Matt’1l be fine. And business
dialog: will pick up before Christmas.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Do you have to go back tonight?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: If I’m not there to open in the
dialog: morning and if we don’t meet the
dialog: minimum days open we might as well -
text: She stops him with a kiss.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I know. I’m proud of you.
dialog: 56
dialog: 57
dialog: 58
dialog: 59
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Of me? For what?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: For working so hard. And for
dialog: keeping your promises. All of them.
scene_heading: INT. WENDY'S ROOM - NIGHT 56
text: Wendy is painting her toenails, cottonballs between them.
text: Slowly, she begins to feel there is a Presence behind her.
text: But when she turns: no one is there.
scene_heading: INT. TRUCK - ON THE ROAD - LATER 57
text: Peter drives by a road house. Then stops and pulls over.
text: Turns around. And pulls in. He sits in the car in front of
text: the bar. Looks up at the Rolling Rock Beer sign flashing on
text: and off. His hand reaches for the door - then stops. Instead,
text: he starts the truck again and pulls back out into the road.
dialog: Promises.
scene_heading: INT. THE HOUSE - UPSTAIRS HALLWAY - NIGHT 58
text: Sara comes out of her room to go to the kitchen for a glass
text: of water. We follow Sara down the stairs and around a corner -
dialog: where we see a shade lurking -
text: - Sara rounds the corner - and gasps out loud. But it’s not a
text: ghost; just Matt standing blankly against the wall in a black
text: t-shirt and black sweats. He seems somehow barely there.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: What are you doing?
text: He doesn’t respond. She sees he’s out of it, and just leads
text: him back to his room.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Come on, back to bed...
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - AFTERNOON 59
text: The kids, including Wendy, eat lunch.
text: Super: August lst 12:30 P.M.
dialog: 60
dialog: 61
speaker_heading: 60B
dialog: 35.
text: Matt's skin, recently so red, has turned to black scales,
text: even on his face. He nibbles a sandwich while Wendy rubs a
text: soothing cream on his neck and arms. Billy and Mary take
text: turns shaking and checking a silvery “Krystal Ball” (a toy
text: “oracle”). Through a small window one sees a 20-sided die
text: with stock answers printed on each side floating in fluid.)
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Is Mary a total Goon?
dialog: “Oh Yes!”
text: Mary grabs it from him.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Is Billy a Poop Head?
dialog: “But of course, my dear!”
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Okay, cut it out. I gotta go to
dialog: work. You have my number. Wendy’s
dialog: in charge, so you listen to her!
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: If you don’t then you deal with me.
text: He extends his blackened arms like he was Frankenstein or
text: some creature from a lagoon. The little ones giggle. Sara,
text: behind Matt, kisses him on top of the head, looking at Wendy,
text: both of them relieved for now he’s still the old Matt.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL - LATER 60
text: Matt covers his eyes and counts...
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: 56- 57- 58 -
speaker_heading: QUICK GLIMPSES: 61
text: Mary climbs into a cabinet beneath the sink in the kitchen;
text: Billy squeezes into a storage space at the base of the
text: stairs; Wendy hides behind the thick parlor curtains.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL - CONTINUOUS 60B
dialog: Matt finishes -
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: 59 - 60.
text: He moves slow and awkwardly - but he’s trying.
dialog: 62
dialog: 63
dialog: 36.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS - CONTINUOUS 62
text: He looks down the hallway.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Ready or not...
text: Sees a couple of the bedroom doors open - steps up to the
dialog: doorway of the first one which is -
scene_heading: INT. WENDY'S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS 63
text: - the one with the faded birdcage wall paper. At the edge of
text: the open door he glimpses a shadow moving inside...
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: ..-here I come!
text: Inside the room, for an instant we see the wall paper un-fade
text: - as Matt pushes open the room expecting to see one of his
text: siblings or his cousin - but instead sees:
text: JONAH, gathering meagre belongings - stuffing them into a
dialog: pillow case.
text: Before a speechless Matt can react - Jonah walks right past
dialog: him into the hallway!
text: Matt spins - but there is no one in the hallway - he turns
text: back to the room - it too is empty - and the wall paper is
text: once again faded and peeling.
text: Matt breathes and collects himself. Shakes it off - and tries
dialog: to continue the game.
text: Matt steps back into the hall and sees out of the corner of
text: his eye: someone moving down the stairs.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Now I gotcha.
text: He pads quietly to the stairs and looks down the railing in
text: time to see: Moving as silently as possible, trying to avoid
text: every creak of wood, Jonah sneaks down the stairs -
text: Matt hurries downstairs following him, but when he gets there
dialog: - there is no one.
dialog: 64
dialog: 65
dialog: 66
dialog: 67
dialog: 37.
scene_heading: INT. DOWNSTAIRS - CONTINUOUS 64
text: Matt peers into the parlor, through mottled glass. It’s empty
text: - Then he hears a sound behind him - like a doorknob turning -
text: he spins back to the hall - towards the front door and sees:
text: Jonah at the door - his hand on the door knob - slowly
text: turning, quietly easing the front door open...
text: Matt’s about to cry out - when he sees a big grey hand slap
text: the back of Jonah's neck - and another grab him by the hair.
text: It's the tall thin man, AICKMAN. Jonah twists and struggles
text: as Aickman drags him back - right past the wide-eyed Matt.
text: Matt opens his mouth to say something - to scream but no
text: sound comes out - as he sees the ghostly figures disappear
text: down the basement stairs...
scene_heading: INT. VARIOUS - CONTINUOUS 65
text: Each of the others in their hiding places. Trying to hold
text: their breath and not make a sound.
scene_heading: INT. MATT’S BEDROOM —- CONTINUOUS 66
text: Matt comes down the basement stairs and sees across his own
text: room to the other chamber and, for just an instant, sees:
text: Jonah surrounded by shrouded corpses. Then the door slams
text: shut on its own, blocking Matt’s view...
text: The game is forgotten now - Matt races the few steps from the
text: stairs across his bedroom to the dividing wall door - and
text: throws it open and sees:
scene_heading: INT. MORTUARY CHAMBER - PAST & PRESENT CONTINUOUS 67
text: It is not the empty room we’ve seen but the active Embalming
text: Chamber it once was: Blood stained tools. Buckets of blood -
text: bottles of reeking fluids. And gurneys with covered corpses.
text: As he steps into the room - the door slams behind him - he
text: spins and tries the door - but it’s locked - he can hear
text: sounds from behind him - but is too terrified to turn around -
text: he hears the sounds of shrouds slipping from bodies -
text: Slowly Matt turns around - All the breath slips from his
text: lungs, the blood drains from his face as he tries to
dialog: understand what he sees:
dialog: 68
speaker_heading: 67B
dialog: 69
dialog: 38.
text: He is now were Jonah was - trapped - alone - sealed in a room
text: with the defiled, engraved corpses. All the bodies are
text: inscribed with the incantations. And worse they seem like
text: human candles - their features flicker between the states in
text: which they died - the embalmed look, and their face inscribed
text: with Aickman’s spindly red handiwork.
text: Thinking he saw one of the bodies actually move, Matt backs
text: towards the door, hyperventilating in terror.
speaker_heading: UPSTAIRS: 68
text: The kids run from their hiding places at the sound of Matt
text: SCREAMING downstairs - They all run to the basement stairs.
scene_heading: INT. EMBALMING CHAMBER - CONTINUOUS 67B
text: Matt trapped between the pressing dead - their lidless eyes
text: stare wide - their lipless mouths press at his ears - their
text: nail-less hands paw at him -
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: For God's Sake -
text: Just as the other three run into the room -
speaker_heading: MATT (CONT’D)
dialog: - leave me alone!!
text: But they think he’s yelling at them - since there’s no one
dialog: else there.
text: Billy looks disgusted, while Mary buries her face in Wendy -
text: who just shakes her head at her cousin.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: It’s okay. Let’s go.
text: She sweeps the little ones away with her back upstairs. Matt
text: looks back: the ghosts are gone, leaving him utterly alone.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - LATER 69
text: Matt presses the phone to his ear and nervously clutches
text: something in his hand - Old Fr. Popescu’s card.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: I don’t know who else to talk to.
dialog: 70
dialog: 39.
scene_heading: EXT. ST BENEDICT’S/OLD CHURCHYARD - LATE AFTERNOON 70
text: The last light of day illuminates an old Catholic church-
text: yard. The church itself is shuttered. And weeds have grown
text: over the small plot of graves at its edge.
speaker_heading: POPESCU (0.S.)
dialog: They said there weren’t enough
dialog: parishioners to make it worth the
dialog: upkeep. But I think they knew I’d
dialog: never move to another parish - so
dialog: it was the easiest way of putting
dialog: me out to pasture.
text: We find Matt - and the old priest, Popescu, near a large
text: stone angel whose moss covered eyes seem to weep black tears.
speaker_heading: POPESCU
dialog: She loved this spot. This angel who
text: weeps black tears.... After the
dialog: cremation I walked around here for
dialog: hours - pockets filled with ashes -
text: sending her back home to the sky.
dialog: 
text: Matt follows the old man’s gaze - up into an impassive grey
text: sky as if he could see her ashes swirling upward in the wind.
speaker_heading: POPESCU (CONT’D)
dialog: Tell you a secret. There is no
dialog: heaven. No hell. No separate place
dialog: way up there or way down there.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: I see why they retired you.
speaker_heading: POPESCU
dialog: Yes, well. I didn’t stop believing.
dialog: Sometimes I think they did. See,
dialog: it’s all here. All right here.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Here?
speaker_heading: POPESCU
dialog: All around us. All the time. The
text: living and the dead. But invisible
text: to every one. Or almost every one.
dialog: We’re not like other people
dialog: anymore. Most people spend all
dialog: their life firmly in this world -
dialog: then one day they go straight to
text: the other side.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 71
dialog: 72
dialog: 73
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: POPESCU (CONT'D)
dialog: Some of us - we take a more
dialog: roundabout path - spend quite a lot
dialog: of time in the border land. And who
dialog: knows - when you pass this close to
dialog: the next world - maybe we see
text: across the border. Maybe not.
dialog: Either way only one thing matters.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: POPESCU
dialog: Like I told you: Fear No Evil. Be
text: fearless. And open.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Open?
speaker_heading: POPESCU
dialog: This is your destiny. The light and
dialog: the dark. I know it’s not easy.
dialog: Have you ever seen a smiling Saint?
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: So what do I do?
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOUSE - NIGHT 71
text: The house painted by sickly yellow moonlight.
speaker_heading: POPESCU (0.S.)
dialog: Find out what he wants from you.
scene_heading: INT. MATT’S BEDROOM —- CONTINUOUS 72
text: Matt asleep. A candle lit beside him throws a huge shadow on
text: the wall. But it is not his shadow. Not a shadow at all. It’s
text: Jonah. It almost looks as if the dead boy were bent over
text: whispering to a sleeping Matt.
scene_heading: INT. MINI-MART - NIGHT 73
text: Sara sits behind a glass window at the cash register.
text: Suddenly A DEMON presses its face against the glass. Sara
text: SHRIEKS. It’s not a demon but A GUY guy on PCP. Sara shrinks
text: back as SECURITY appears and ushers the man out of the store.
dialog: 74
dialog: 75
dialog: 76
dialog: 77
dialog: 78
dialog: 79
dialog: 41.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - NIGHT 74
text: CREAKING of steps. The basement step door opens. MATT steps
text: up out of the basement stairs - and into the hall. He walks
text: eyes open but unseeing. Like a sleepwalker.
scene_heading: EXT. THE CONVENIENCE STORE - NIGHT 75
text: Sara finished the 5 to 1 shift, and is just now driving home.
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOUSE - LATER THAT NIGHT 76
text: The house - strangely lit from within by weirdly flickering
text: light - looks like a lunatic’s grimacing face as Sara pulls
text: up the drive and slumps exhausted at the wheel.
scene_heading: INT. THE HOUSE - A BEAT LATER 77
text: She steps quickly but quietly into the house. That strange
text: flickering light pervades the whole place.
scene_heading: INT. PARLOUR - A BEAT LATER 78
text: And then she sees why - a roaring fire in the fireplace on
dialog: this hot summer night.
text: That’s not all. Every candle in the house has been found, and
text: lit - including many along the walls, and dangerously close
text: to the drapes; some of the drapes are already burning.
text: And the paint on one wall has begun to blacken and peel
text: beneath the combined heat of all the candles lined up there.
text: Sara quickly bats the fire out of the drapes. And then she
text: smells it. Gas. She follows the smell - to
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS 79
text: At the threshold of the room - the center of the smell - she
dialog: stares:
text: Matt stands like a statue in the middle of the room - a
text: candle is burning down to only a few inches - the kitchen is
text: lit only by the candle held in the stiff hand of her son.
text: His fist is covered in melted wax - his skin seared - but no
dialog: reaction.
dialog: 42.
text: Sara blows out the candle, then runs over to the stove - puts
text: out the burners and turns off the oven. She throws open all
dialog: the windows.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Matt! Matt!? What’s going on in
dialog: here?
text: But no response from Matt.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - A BEAT LATER 80
text: She rushes upstairs to the other kids’ rooms. Wendy already
text: out of her room, in the hall, she heard the commotion.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Get the kids - outside - now - NOW!
scene_heading: INT. PARLOR - A BEAT LATER 81
text: She runs in carrying a bucket of water from the kitchen - she
text: throws most of it on the drapes, some still smoldering - then
text: tosses some on the candles everywhere - blows the others out -
text: all this time Matt still sits unmoving - oblivious to it all.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS 82
text: She runs back to the kitchen. Grabs Matt’s hand but he won’t
text: move. Nothing will rouse him. She slaps him - hard across the
text: face - Nothing. No reaction. Again. Nothing. Now with all her
text: strength she slaps him again - and he blinks - and is awake -
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE THE HOUSE - A BEAT LATER 83
text: The kids are mystified. All talk at once - they have no idea
text: what happened. Sara stares at Matt. He looks back at her.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: What were you doing?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: I - I don't know. I remember lying
dialog: in bed. And next thing I remember
dialog: is you slapping me in the kitchen.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: You kids go back to bed. Wendy...
text: Wendy herds the kids inside. Sara remains looking at Matt.
dialog: 84
dialog: 85
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: SARA (CONT'D)
dialog: You could have killed them all. And
dialog: yourself. Is that what you’re
dialog: trying to do? Kill yourself?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: No, Mom - I swear -
text: Sara’s about to blow her stack, but when she looks at him he
text: seems so weak and vulnerable, she holds herself back. He
text: notices her staring at him, and misinterprets it.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: I know - I look horrible - I-
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: No! It’s not that. I could never
dialog: care how you look. You’re my son, I
dialog: love you. It’s how you’re acting.
dialog: All this skulking around - scaring
dialog: the others... Talk to me Mattie.
dialog: Tell me what’s going on.
text: He just shakes his head - like she could never understand.
text: And walks alone back into the house.
scene_heading: INT. SARA’S BEDROOM - LATER - ON THE PHONE WITH PETER 84
text: She’s fragile, exhausted and on the verge of a fight.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: He could have burned the house
dialog: down.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT OF NEW YORK HOUSE - SAME TIME 85
text: Peter’s in the basement at a makeshift office - table covered
dialog: in invoices, bills, and threatening collection notices. And
text: pages of inventory and other work papers.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: You sure you're not...exaggerating?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: You didn’t see it, you weren't
dialog: here. As usual.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: What do you want from me!? I can’t
dialog: be in two places at once!
speaker_heading: 84a
dialog: 86
dialog: 44,
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: (apologetic)
dialog: I know. It’s just. Hard.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Do you want me to talk to him?
scene_heading: INT. SARA AND PETER’S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS 84A
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: No. No. It’s okay. I better go.
dialog: This is expensive.
text: She hangs up the phone and sits there - feeling completely
text: alone. She opens the small drawer of the bedside table and
text: pulls out some rosary beads. She begins to pray...
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Our Father, who art in Heaven...
text: But she stops. Unable to continue the prayer. She closes her
text: eyes to concentrate. But then just shakes her head, sticks
text: the rosary back into the drawer. And turns out the light.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - DAY 86
text: Matt - face blackened, hair patchy - is being helped out of
text: the minivan by Sara. Looking closer at Matt, as Sara helps
text: him to the front door, it’s more than hair he’s lost. It
text: looks like his will to live isn’t there anymore, either.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Can you just stand here a minute
dialog: babe? I left my purse in the car.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Sure. I’m fine.
text: He stands at the doorway, swaying a bit. He puts his hand out
text: to grab the door frame of the house to steady himself -
text: But instead of finding solid wall his fingers sink into rot
text: and he pulls a fist full of rancid material from the house -
text: - he looks down in his hand at a handful of rotted meat with
text: WHITE MAGGOTS squirming in it.
speaker_heading: SARA (0.S.)
dialog: Matt?
dialog: 87
dialog: 88
dialog: 89
dialog: 45.
text: He looks back at his mother, then down at his hand. It is
text: empty. The only thing is the blackening and peeling of his
text: own skin. He looks at the house. Everything looks fine.
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOUSE - EVENING 87
text: The sun is just setting behind the house. The sky is on fire.
text: Super: August 10th. 6:30 P.M.
scene_heading: INT. THE HOUSE - CONTINUOUS 88
text: Everyone’s in the kitchen, finishing a quick dinner.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I wish you’d go with us.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Hey, I’m alright. I - wasn’t used
dialog: to the meds. I’m fine now.
text: She just looks at him.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: I’m not gonna burn the house down,
dialog: alright?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I know that, honey.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: You just need to get out more.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Why?
text: They all look away - don’t know how to face his bitterness.
text: Sara impulsively hugs him - fiercely. Matt winces in pain.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Sorry. I just love you so much.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Like the man says. Love hurts.
scene_heading: INT. THE BASEMENT - LATER 89
text: Matt’s listening to Joy Division - Love Will Tear Us Apart.
text: Reading a music magazine. Puts it down. Too sick to read.
dialog: 90
dialog: 91
dialog: 46.
text: As he lowers the magazine JONAH’S FACE is inches from him.
text: Matt GASPS. He can’t move or even breathe from terror.
text: The two faces so similar - both blackened - and gaunt - for a
text: moment it’s almost as if Matt were looking into a mirror.
text: Only Jonah’s intense GREEN eyes distinguishes them.
text: Within his terror Matt tries to act on Popescu’s ‘Fear No
dialog: Evil.’ To muster all his courage.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Wh-wh-what do you want from me?
text: Suddenly there is a TREMENDOUS SOUND of thousands of pieces
text: of glass breaking. Followed by the even LOUDER SOUND of the
text: whole house destroyed, like a bunker buster bomb hit it.
text: Matt closes his eyes in the NOISE of the BLAST. When he opens
text: them - Jonah’s gone. Matt crawls out of bed and up the stairs
text: as fast as his weak, nauseated body allows.
text: He warily looks out from the basement stairwell - expecting
dialog: to see the house in ruins. But everything is fine. Absolutely
text: normal. Matt is queasy. Out of breath. Trembling.
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOUSE - LATER THAT NIGHT 90
text: Sara and the kids arrive home.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE —- SAME 91
text: Sara steps first into the kitchen, as the kids walk past her
text: into the living room. She drops her purse on a counter and
text: reaches for the tea pot and a packet of tea when she’s
text: stopped by the audible GASP of the children.
text: She turns to see into the living room - she can only see
text: their backs huddled together - not what they see, what they
dialog: gasped at.
text: She walks forward slowly and as they separate to let her in
text: she sees: The room’s been taken apart and rearranged - but
text: seemingly by a very strong, and rather obsessive, madman.
text: Someone has gathered all the room’s wooden furniture - and
text: piled it as if preparing a bonfire. All in a pyramid, the
text: chairs and table balanced intricately on each other. A
text: single breath would send it all crashing down.
dialog: 92
dialog: 47.
text: They stand there - not daring to breathe for fear it will all
text: come crashing down, and then they hear it. A SCRATCHING sound
text: from the other side of the pile. They can’t see the far wall
text: of the room - blocked entirely by the pile in the middle.
text: Sara waves the others to stay back and she carefully makes
text: her way around the pile to see what is on the other side of
text: the room making the SCRATCHING and MEWLING sounds...
text: And then she does see - and her eyes widen -
text: Sara's POV: Matt. Slumped against the wall.
text: The wallpaper along the wall is shredded. The wood itself
text: torn and frayed. And spattered with blood.
text: Matt’s hands are a mess. His fingers ragged bloody pulps, his
text: nails literally torn from his fingers - he’s been scratching
text: through the walls with his fingers like he was buried alive.
dialog: 
text: And then he speaks - in a voice DISTINCTLY NOT HIS OWN:
speaker_heading: MATT / JONAH
dialog: Please Sir - they wants OUT...
text: For the sake of the others Sara literally shoves her fist
text: into her mouth to stifle her scream...
speaker_heading: DR. BROOKS (0.S.)
dialog: Odd autonomic behavior.
text: Hallucinations. Sleepwalking.
text: Delirium. Mood shifts.
scene_heading: INT. DR. BROOKS’S OFFICE - DAY 92
text: A perplexed Dr. Brooks meets with Sara and Peter.
speaker_heading: DR. BROOKS
dialog: You really should have told me. It
dialog: could have been a sign it’s moved
dialog: to the brain. Tumors cause
dialog: hallucinations, delusions, sudden
dialog: changes in behavior and the drugs
dialog: might have exacerbated them.
text: Sara and Peter visibly react to this.
speaker_heading: DR. BROOKS (CONT’D)
text: But it’s alright. Matt’s MRI’s are
text: all clear. He has no brain tumors.
dialog: Whatever caused the behaviors, or
dialog: hallucinations, it isn’t that.
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I’m afraid he’1l lose his mind
text: before he can get better.
text: He can see the worry in their weary eyes.
speaker_heading: DR. BROOKS
dialog: This is the crucial time. He’s had
text: a complete round of treatments now.
dialog: By the trial protocols we can’t
dialog: give him anymore. And I don’t think
dialog: his body could tolerate it.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: So what do we do now?
speaker_heading: DR. BROOKS
dialog: We wait and see. He’s still a great
dialog: candidate for this treatment. Age
dialog: counts enormously. And attitude.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Attitude? He feels like shit all
dialog: the time. He looks like hell. No
dialog: one wants to get near him. His own
dialog: family are afraid of him. How’s he
dialog: gonna have the power of positive
dialog: thinking on his side?
speaker_heading: DR. BROOKS
dialog: There’s a number of good drugs.
dialog: It’s quite common for cancer
dialog: patients to take something for
dialog: anxiety or depression.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: That’s it? Just more prescriptions?
dialog: What’s the point?
speaker_heading: DR. BROOKS
dialog: The point is not to let his
dialog: attitude interfere with the
dialog: medicine. Make sure he gets well.
dialog: The rest will work itself out.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: And if it doesn’t?
speaker_heading: DR. BROOKS
dialog: If things don’t improve you might
dialog: want to consider residential care.
text: Perhaps until he’s feeling better.
dialog: 93
dialog: 49,
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: “Residential care?”
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: He means committing him.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: It’s bad enough he’s so sick -
dialog: you're suggesting we put him away?
speaker_heading: DR. BROOKS
dialog: I’m just making sure you know your
dialog: options. And remember...
scene_heading: EXT. BACK YARD - SAME TIME 93
text: Pale and weak, Matt plays catch with Billy.
speaker_heading: DR. BROOKS (0.S.)
dialog: He’s not your only child.
text: They’re just tossing it lightly. Matt’s too weak for anything
text: more. In fact he misses an easy toss. The ball rolls away
text: from him towards the house. Billy starts to run after it -
text: but Matt frustrated yells -
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: No. I got it.
text: He hobbles over to the ball. Bends so his head is right
text: beside the lower window and hears a POUNDING on the window!
text: Matt stumbles back - away from the window. Nearly falling.
text: And we see why - in the window - JONAH - blackened and open
text: mouthed - silently screaming at Matt.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Can’t you see him?
text: Billy looks at his big brother - not wanting to believe he’s
text: crazy or losing it. Matt turns from Billy's face back to the
text: house - and we see Matt’s POV:
text: Jonah’s sullen, silent face looks out from the window with
text: eyes filled with pain.
text: Billy searches all the windows of the house.
dialog: 94
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: I don’t see anyone! I don’t!
text: With all his strength Matt flings the ball at a window,
text: smashing it. He grabs and turns Billy, to steer his eyes.
speaker_heading: MATT
text: There. Face all black - and
dialog: screaming - and horrible -
text: Billy looks at his brother- it’s like Matt’s describing
dialog: himself at that moment.
speaker_heading: MATT (CONT’D)
dialog: Can’t you see him!?
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: No! I can’t. Get off of me!
text: He spins and all too easily knocks Matt down - that’s the
text: most horrible part - his once strong big brother drops like a
text: sack of dried leaves as Wendy comes running out of the house.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: What are you doing! Billy stop,
dialog: you’re hurting him!
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: He -
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: What?!
text: Billy looks down at his older brother, someone he looked up
text: to, who now seems so shriveled and weak.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Nothing. We were just fooling
dialog: around.
text: Matt throws a silent look of thanks to his younger brother.
text: But Billy doesn’t nod back. He just hurries towards the house
text: to put distance between him and Matt. Wendy reaches out to
text: help Matt up. He ignores her. Crawls back to his feet.
scene_heading: EXT. HOSPITAL - SAME TIME 94
text: Finished with Dr Brooks, Sara and Peter exit together. But
text: silent. Lost in their own thoughts and fears.
text: They pause at the hospital parking lot - separate vehicles.
text: He’s not by his truck - but a small banged up little car.
dialog: 95
dialog: 96
speaker_heading: 95B
speaker_heading: 96B
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Where’s the truck, in the shop?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: I sold it.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: You what? Why didn’t you tell me?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: I just did. Paid the last round of
dialog: bills and this month’s mortgage.
dialog: But hey like Doc said, Attitude!
text: She watches him go. Not at all sure about his ‘attitude’.
dialog: Or hers for that matter.
scene_heading: INT. SARA’S BEDROOM - THAT NIGHT 95
text: Breathes, to pull herself together. She picks up a book from
text: her bedside table, of uplifting affirmations. She reads them
text: one by one - out loud - as she does - we cut back and forth
text: between her - and Peter back in New York.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: “I now put my body into a peak
dialog: state of absolute certainty knowing
dialog: that I can create any positive
dialog: result that I am committed to.”
scene_heading: INT. NEW YORK HOUSE - BASEMENT - NIGHT 96
text: Peter has his head in hands at the table. Beaten.
scene_heading: IN SARA'S BEDROOM: 95B
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: “Whenever I set a definite goal, I
dialog: take immediate action towards its
dialog: attainment to create and sustain
dialog: massive momentum.”
scene_heading: BACK IN NEW YORK: 96B
text: Peter has an old slide projector in the basement. The room in
text: total darkness. Then with a whir and a click - a frozen
dialog: moment of Family Happiness Past.
dialog: 52.
scene_heading: 95Cc IN SARA'S BEDROOM: 95C
text: Sara’s crying as she continues her ‘affirmations’.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: “I now relive the most joyous
dialog: moments of my life. “”
scene_heading: 96C BACK IN NEW YORK: 96C
text: Peter fights crying, as scenes from happier days unfold in
text: the succession of frozen moments punctuated by darkness and
text: the whirring and shifting of the automatic slide mechanism.
text: On screen: Matt as a little boy leaps off a picnic table his
text: Superman cape streaming back behind him - as if he were
text: flying not falling.
speaker_heading: SARA (0.S.)
dialog: “And these moments inspire me to
dialog: greater confidence and a greater
dialog: feeling of self-worth.”
text: Suddenly - the old slide mechanism catches on dust. The slide
text: sticks half in and out throwing the image at a disturbing
text: angle. Peter tries to grab the slide and burns his hand
text: trying to get it out and in frustration knocks the projector
text: onto the floor where it lies still throwing a now sideways
text: image of old family happiness against the wall.
scene_heading: 97 INT. KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS 97
text: Peter opens the freezer door. It’s filled with frozen
text: dinners, leftovers, and ice - he shoves his hand into the
text: pile of ice. To cool the burn.
text: Then shoves things out of the way - digging through the ice
text: till he finds - a frozen bottle of vodka. He stares at it.
text: While we hear still hear Sara’s voice - and her affirmations -
speaker_heading: SARA (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: “I am now fearless, courageous, and
dialog: bold. Filled with faith, certainty
dialog: and confidence. I now create and
dialog: feel these emotions in my body.”
dialog: 98
speaker_heading: 96D
dialog: 99
dialog: 100
dialog: 53.
scene_heading: EXT. THE NEW YORK HOUSE - LATE NIGHT 98
text: There’s a light on in the basement, though all the other
text: houses around it are dark, everyone on the block is asleep.
text: Except for Peter. Before we see him, we can hear him.
scene_heading: INT. NEW YORK HOUSE - BASEMENT - SAME 96D
text: Peter’s down there playing an old electric guitar - get the
dialog: sense he was in a garage band back in the day. He’s playing
text: some heavy metal riff, or perhaps some old Allman Brothers,
text: like “Midnight Rider”. He looks way too intense doing it.
text: The reason is - next to him on a table - stands that fifth of
text: vodka he found earlier in the freezer. It’s empty now, and he
text: is thoroughly shit-faced.
text: Suddenly one of the guitar’s wire strings snaps and nearly
text: hits him in the eye. Enraged, Peter starts to smash his
dialog: guitar, the table, smash anything he can get his hands on -
text: in a rage against his fate, his son’s fate, enraged at a God
text: who could let an innocent boy suffer as Matt is suffering.
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOUSE - DAY 99
text: Bright hot summer light casts deep black shadows.
scene_heading: INT. PARLOUR - DAY 100
text: Inside. Wendy’s reading on the couch. The two young ones
text: fighting over a board game. They turn imploringly to Wendy.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: We're bored.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Please play a game with us.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Why don’t you ask Matt?
text: They remain silent, uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: MATT (0.S.)
dialog: Yeah. Why don’t you ask Matt.
text: Matt is standing in the doorway. Who knows how long.
dialog: 101
dialog: 102
speaker_heading: 101B
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Are you alright?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Outstanding.
text: Wendy doesn’t like the look in his eyes. Or the grim tone of
text: his voice. And clearly the kids don’t either. They’re
text: standing nervously on the verge of tears.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: OK, c’mon you guys. I’1l count to
dialog: 30. And let’s see if you can find
text: some new hiding places this time.
text: The littler ones run upstairs. Matt’s still standing there,
text: staring. His face has an odd cast to it. Head bent, one eye
text: raised a bit above the other: he almost looks like Jonah.
speaker_heading: WENDY (CONT’D)
dialog: Matt?
dialog: (no response)
dialog: Matt?
text: Matt turns and walks back out of the room, down to his lair.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS 101
text: Billy races past Mary. Both heading straight for the little
text: elevator door in the hallway. But Billy’s already in there.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: There’s room for me too.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Find your own place.
text: He pulls the door shut.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR - CONTINUOUS 102
text: Uncomfortably tight and dark in there. Just cracks of light.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS 101B
text: Mary runs in and out of the rooms.
speaker_heading: WENDY (0.S.)
dialog: 28-29-30. Ready or not here I come.
dialog: 103
speaker_heading: 101¢c
dialog: 104
speaker_heading: 103B
speaker_heading: 101D
speaker_heading: 104B
speaker_heading: 101E
dialog: 55.
text: Then Mary looks to the end of the hall - the attic stairs.
text: A short flight up to a shortened door. And the door is open.
text: Giggling, she races up the stairs on little cat feet.
scene_heading: INT. ATTIC - A BEAT LATER 103
text: Sound of little FOOTSTEPS. Something seems to be running in
text: the far back of the attic as Mary opens the door and enters.
text: That same extreme of dark and light from outside - but here
text: with darkness winning and just a few shafts of high hot light
text: through dust.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS 101¢
text: Wendy comes up the stairs - not in any hurry to find any one.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR - CONTINUOUS 104
text: Billy’s trying to make no noise - but it’s dark - and stuffy -
text: and a little scary in there. It seems for an instant like
text: there’s something else in there - something behind him.
scene_heading: INT. ATTIC - CONTINUOUS 103B
text: Mary's tiptoeing into the back of the little attic. Looking
text: for a good hiding place. The section of the floor in the rear
text: is so rotten it just dissolves. Mary screams as her leg
text: breaks through the rotted floor -
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS 101D
text: Wendy hears the scream from the attic.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR - CONTINUOUS 104B
text: Billy sees something behind him: he’s sharing the elevator
text: with JONAH. He screams in terror.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS 101E
text: Hearing the scream, Wendy yanks the door open and Billy comes
text: tumbling out of the empty elevator.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: I saw - there was-
dialog: 105
speaker_heading: 103C
dialog: 56.
text: But another scream from the attic cuts him off - and Wendy
text: bolts down the hall and up the attic stairs.
scene_heading: INT. MATT’S BEDROOM —- CONTINUOUS 105
text: Matt hears too. And makes his way upstairs as fast as he can.
scene_heading: INT. ATTIC - A BEAT LATER 103C
text: Wendy runs in. The door slams shut behind her. Plunging the
text: attic back to near total darkness but for the shafts of dust
text: strewn light from cracks and narrow windows.
text: She can’t see well, has to mostly feel with her hand - she
text: finds Mary’s leg but not before her hand breaks through wood
text: so rotten you can see spiders and silver fish crawling in it.
text: Matt comes in followed by Billy. He hurries to where his
dialog: sister and cousin are.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Be careful. Floor must be rotten.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Rotten? Where?
text: As he walks he tests the floor and gestures it’s all fine.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Well here for sure. Where Mary's
dialog: leg fell through.
text: Matt walks to that spot - sees a small circle is fetid and
text: rotting. He looks up at the ceiling above that spot.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: The floor’s fine everywhere except
dialog: here. No sign of a leak. Weird. Why
dialog: should only this spot be rotten?
text: Matt gently pulls Mary’s leg free. He looks down at the hole
text: his sister’s foot made. And sees something down there. He
text: reaches in - and pulls out a metal box and a sheaf of thick
text: papers stuffed in a bulging rotting leather notebook.
text: Wendy opens the box, glances, then immediately slams it shut.
scene_heading: MATT/BILLY/MARY
dialog: What?
text: She looks at Matt. Her face drained of color.
dialog: 106
speaker_heading: 67C
dialog: 107
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: MATT
text: OK. Game over.
text: He shoos the little kids out.
scene_heading: INT. PARLOR - NIGHT 106
text: After the kids are asleep. Matt and Wendy sit at the table.
text: In front of them are the cigar box and the notebook. We've
text: seen these before. When Aickman was inscribing the corpse.
text: In the cigar box - a mass of small photos - mourning cards
text: featuring the photo of the deceased. Many coffin shots: Old
text: people. Middle-aged people. Kids. Babies even. Lying there on
text: satin, all peaceful and serene and dead. There’s more than a
text: hundred of the business-card sized photos.
text: And something else too - the box is nearly filled with what
text: at first appear to be dead moths.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: What are these?
dialog: Matt picks one up -
scene_heading: FLASH CUT TO:
text: Aickman's long fingers pull gently on a corpse's eyelids.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: I don’t know.
text: He drops the little thing back into the box. Then pulls out
text: the memorial cards. Spreads them out in front of him -
scene_heading: FLASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: MATT’S HORRIFIC EXPERIENCE BEFORE IN THE EMBALMING ROOM: 67C
text: Matt/Jonah trapped between the pressing dead - their lidless
text: eyes stare wide - their lipless mouths press at his ears -
text: their nail-less hands paw at him - we recognize some of
text: these tormented faces as identical to the memorial cards.
scene_heading: BACK IN THE PRESENT: 107
text: Matt drops the photos on the floor.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: You alright?
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (bending to pick them up)
dialog: Y-yeah. Sure.
text: Wendy opens the notebook. Much is in Latin - and other
text: stranger languages - unreadable ciphers. And drawings.
text: Diagrams. What looks like a hand drawn plan of a house with
text: strange inscriptions and lines all over it - almost like an
text: electrical plan. She turns to the photos.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: These are really weird.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON:
dialog: These are different. Not photos of the dead. But of the
dialog: living contacting the dead. Seances. Spirit photographs. We
text: might recognize the setting and the participants from Matt’s
text: glimpse of the seance while saying grace.
text: Stiff black and white photos that yet have a kind of
text: unspeakable horror about them. Unposed, off-angle, capturing
text: sitters in states of horrid fascination and terror.
text: And the boy medium, Jonah, in mid-spirit possession: slightly
text: out-of-focus, his body wracked, twisted, face contorted,
text: mouth gaping wide as translucent tendrils of smoke-like
text: ectoplasm flow out of him.
text: In others the ectoplasm can be seen more clearly and looks
text: like strings or slabs of grey, greasy meat that extrude from
text: his hands, his chest, even his face, during the sittings.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: These have got to be fake.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Let me see.
text: He takes one look - and Wendy notices Matt turning a whiter
text: shade of pale than usual.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Matt. Stop it. Talk to me.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: You don’t want to know.
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Give me a chance.
text: He stares at her - as if silently measuring her - can she
dialog: take it, will she believe? Only one way to find out.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: I’ve seen him.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (tapping photo of Jonah)
dialog: Him.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Shut up.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (getting up)
dialog: OK, forget it.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: No. Wait, I’m sorry. Go on.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Here. In this house. I thought I
dialog: was hallucinating. But I’m telling
dialog: you. I’ve seen him nearly everyday
dialog: since we moved here. Sometimes I
dialog: can see him in my room. And other
dialog: times I wake in the night and it
dialog: feels like he’s been inside me -
text: looking out through my eyes...
text: She just looks at Matt.
speaker_heading: MATT (CONT’D)
text: One bright day in the middle of the
text: night/Two dead boys got up to fight
dialog: (pointing to Jonah)
dialog: Me and him. Just two dead boys.
text: The two of them stare at these photos of a by-gone era,
text: feeling their horror in the here and now.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Maybe the place is haunted. Or
dialog: Maybe you picked up some kind of
text: vibrations of the past. Either way,
dialog: what were these things and these
dialog: photos doing hidden under
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 108
dialog: 109
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: WENDY (CONT'D)
dialog: the floor boards? Who put them
dialog: there and why? We need to find out
dialog: who lived here. Who these people
dialog: are. Or were.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: How?
text: Wendy leans in and whispers, conspiratorially:
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Don’t tell anyone. But there’s
dialog: buildings all over the country
dialog: where secret knowledge is kept.
dialog: Mysterious places known only as ...
dialog: The library!
text: Matt smiles. His first in a very long time.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: For what?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: For believing me.
scene_heading: INT. LIBRARY - DAY 108
text: Wendy’s research takes her from Microfilm to the back rooms
text: of the stacks where dusty volumes of forgotten periodicals
text: and esoteric tomes hide from the mice and the silverfish.
text: And_as Wendy begins her quest, we begin to Intercut: all
text: she’s learning and how she’s learning it(in bold) with her
text: sharing her discoveries with Matt in the parlor that evening:
scene_heading: INT. MICROFILM READERS - MONTAGE 109
text: Her face illuminated by the old microfilm readers as she
text: hunts through old issues of the local paper. First some from
text: the 1920's. Featuring photos of Aickman. And some of Jonah.
speaker_heading: WENDY (0.S.)
dialog: Check it out: ‘A Case of
dialog: Materialization’ by Mr. Ramsey
dialog: Aickman, of Goatswood, Connecticut.
dialog: 110
speaker_heading: 110B
dialog: 61.
scene_heading: INT. THE PARLOR - EVENING 110
text: Wendy’s research is spread out on the table. She points to a
dialog: picture of Aickman.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: That’s Ramsey Aickman. This was his
dialog: mortuary. He had an interesting
dialog: hobby: psychical research.
text: Sliding quickly across the screen we see Microfilm of old
text: newspaper. Glimpse fragments and sentences from articles:
speaker_heading: HEADLINE:
scene_heading: LOCAL MAN CONTACTS THE DEAD!
scene_heading: SKEPTICS CONVINCED!
speaker_heading: WENDY (0.S.)
dialog: Your guy, the dead kid? Jonah.
dialog: Aickman’s assistant. And a medium.
speaker_heading: ARTICLE:
text: With the help of a Boy Medium,
dialog: Aickman holds weekly seances...
dialog: “Rare manifestations of
dialog: ectoplasm...”
speaker_heading: WENDY (0.S.)
dialog: Supposedly they contacted the dead
dialog: through Jonah - and people came to
dialog: have little chats with their dead
dialog: hubby or wife or to find out where
dialog: Auntie Mame hid the family jewels.
text: More clippings slide over the screen, funerary announcements
text: in the name of R. Aickman, Funeral Director and Mortician.
dialog: And small listings in the local events pages of Spiritualist
text: Evenings held at the Aickman Mortuary and Funeral Home.
scene_heading: INT. PARLOR - EVENING 110B
dialog: Back with them:
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: He claims he discovered how to
dialog: ‘amplify’ seances, not just contact
text: the dead. He made things appear.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: What things?
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Ectoplasm.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Ectoplasm? What’s that?
scene_heading: 108B INT. BASEMENT LIBRARY STACKS - DAY 108B
text: A row of dusty volumes marked on the spine: Proceedings of
text: the Society for Psychical Research. She pulls down the
text: volumes from 1927. Wendy reads from her notes:
speaker_heading: WENDY (0.S.)
dialog: “BR mysterious protoplasmic
text: substance streaming out of the body
dialog: of mediums.’ Check this out -
text: Books stacked around her; She pores through the dusty volumes
text: - staring at old gray photos, making copious notes. See
text: horrific spirit photographs like the ones from the attic.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: (quoting again)
text: - “photographs of ectoplasm often
text: show a gelatinous material oozing
dialog: from all the natural orifices of
dialog: the medium; from mouth, ears, nose,
text: eyes, and even the lower orifices,
dialog: and sometimes from the top of the
dialog: head, the breasts or fingertips.”
scene_heading: 110C INT. PARLOR: 110C
text: She points to the photos they found in the attic: the
text: ectoplasm coming from Jonah.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: People came from all over and were
dialog: convinced. Harvard professors and
dialog: other big shots. Aickman and
dialog: Jonah’s seances were famous.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: So do we know what became of them?
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: OK. Now it gets weirder.
text: Fill the screen with Microfilm of old newspaper:
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: HEADLINE:
scene_heading: SEANCE OF DEATH! SIX DEAD; ONE
speaker_heading: MISSING
speaker_heading: WENDY (0.S.)
text: There was a seance. Led by Aickman
dialog: with Jonah as the Medium. Aickman
dialog: and all five sitters were found
dialog: dead. Cause of death not clear.
dialog: Glimpse fragments and sentences from the article:
speaker_heading: ARTICLE:
text: ..-bodies scorched but no sign of
dialog: fire...spontaneous combustion?
text: Contorted faces...Boy Missing...
speaker_heading: MATT (0.S.)
dialog: Jonah? Did he kill them?
speaker_heading: WENDY (0.S.)
text: Nobody knows. No sign of him.
dialog: Vanished. Missing. And never seen
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: MATT (0.S.)
dialog: Till now.
speaker_heading: WENDY (0.S.)
dialog: Here’s the weirdest part of all.
text: Now papers blur past - some from decades later -
speaker_heading: HEADLINE:
scene_heading: ROAD EXTENSION SCANDAL
speaker_heading: SUB-HEAD:
dialog: WHERE ARE THE BODIES?
speaker_heading: WENDY (0.S.)
dialog: Thirty years later - in the ‘50s,
dialog: when they expanded the highway,
dialog: they did a detour through the
dialog: county cemetery -
speaker_heading: MATT (0.S.)
dialog: We've been on it a million times on
text: the way to the hospital.
text: Hear all this while seeing bits and pieces of the microfilms:
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: ARTICLE:
dialog: Excavations to link the town with
dialog: the Turnpike reveal shocking...
text: Coffins filled with sand bags and
text: stones... Over one hundred bodies
dialog: unaccounted for... Possible links
dialog: with mysterious death of local
dialog: mortician thirty years ago...
speaker_heading: WENDY (0.S.)
dialog: Right. But when they tried to re-
dialog: locate some of the old plots they
dialog: found something odd. Or didn’t
dialog: find.
speaker_heading: MATT (0.S.)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: WENDY (0.S.)
dialog: More than a hundred bodies that
dialog: were supposed to be there? Weren't.
text: Coffins just filled with rocks.
speaker_heading: END MONTAGE
scene_heading: 110D INT. BACK IN THE PARLOR: 110D
text: Where the two sit sifting through xeroxes, photos, off-
text: prints, and a mystery too immense for them to unravel:
speaker_heading: WENDY
text: Someone jacked the bodies.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Aickman? Jonah?
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Maybe. But why?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: I have no idea. But I know someone
dialog: who might.
scene_heading: 111 EXT. THE HOUSE - LATER THAT NIGHT 111
text: A very old, well maintained 1966 Mercedes Benz pulls up in
text: front of the house. Popescu gets out.
dialog: 112
dialog: 113
dialog: 65.
scene_heading: INT. THE HOUSE - A BEAT LATER 112
text: Popescu and the teens sit at the table with a candle and cups
text: of tea. Popescu’s looking through Aickman’s papers filled
text: with diagrams and incantations - and the seance photographs.
speaker_heading: POPESCU
dialog: Remarkable.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: You don’t think it’s real do you?
speaker_heading: POPESCU
dialog: I’ve seen plenty of fakes. And I’ve
dialog: seen the real thing. Once. In
dialog: Paris. Most horrible thing I’ve
dialog: ever seen. Now... this.
text: He holds up the strangest of the photos. Caught in the glare
text: of a flash an eerie Black and White moment -
text: - the table sitters with varying degrees of shock and horror
text: on their face - as what looks vaguely like an out-of-focus
text: jelly-fish made of liver extrudes from Jonah’s face.
speaker_heading: POPESCU (CONT’D)
dialog: He must have been a very powerful
dialog: medium.
text: Wendy pushes the box towards him for Popescu to inspect. He
text: looks at the contents of the box. And recoils. He pulls out
text: some of the photos, shaking his head in sorrow.
text: He picks up several of the delicate ‘moths’ from the box.
text: Pieces of skin. He holds them over the candle - and drops
dialog: them into the flame - At the instant the things burn we -
scene_heading: INT. MARY’S BEDROOM - SAME TIME 113
text: Mary's not asleep. She’s up, playing with her doll house and
text: dolls. Talking aloud, playing all the parts of various dolls.
scene_heading: MARY/FEMALE DOLL
dialog: Well you said so, but you lied!
scene_heading: MARY/MALE DOLL
dialog: No I didn’t!
scene_heading: MARY/FEMALE DOLL
dialog: Oh yes you did, you said you would!
speaker_heading: 112B
dialog: 66.
text: While she’s moving the dolls around in their house, we see
text: through it and out the little doll window to the walls behind
text: Mary where: Suddenly we can see someone standing there behind
dialog: 
text: her - naked, and covered in Aickman’s inscriptions and their
dialog: 
text: head_is flickering horribly. But Mary doesn’t notice.
scene_heading: BACK DOWNSTAIRS: 112B
text: The little things burning in the candle trail a grey line of
text: smoke. Popescu leans over, and with a wave of his hand draws
text: the smoke into his nostrils - smelling it -
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: POPESCU
dialog: Being sure. And now I am.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: What are they?
speaker_heading: POPESCU
text: Eyelids. Human eyelids.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: You could tell by the way they
dialog: smelled?
speaker_heading: POPESCU
dialog: Burning. Yes. And don’t ask why I
dialog: know that smell.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: What are they for?
speaker_heading: POPESCU
dialog: Necromancy. Corpse bothering. A
text: loathsome form of magic. Seeking
dialog: power through the control of the
text: dead via relics of their bodies.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Why eyelids?
speaker_heading: POPESCU
dialog: Good question. To make them ever
dialog: watchful? Are they the guardians of
dialog: this house - or of his secrets?
dialog: Maybe. But either way, somewhere
dialog: there are bodies that belong to
dialog: these people. And he used them.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: POPESCU (CONT'D)
dialog: I think ultimately Aickman meant to
dialog: enhance Jonah’s powers.
speaker_heading: WENDY
text: He ‘amplified’ his seances.
speaker_heading: POPESCU
dialog: Somehow he used the dead, yes, as
text: an amplifier. Perhaps buried out-
text: side the house. Perhaps still in
dialog: the cemetery.
speaker_heading: WENDY
text: Not in the cemetery.
text: She pulls out the clipping about all the empty coffins. He
text: scans it. Then gets up - and begins to move about the room.
speaker_heading: POPESCU
dialog: I don’t know. But -
text: His eyes search the place. Nothing. Though something out of
text: the corner of his eyes.
text: He doesn’t turn his head - but attends to it - sees it - and
dialog: we do too - It’s Jonah.
speaker_heading: POPESCU (CONT’D)
dialog: They’re not here. But him...
text: He taps on the photo of Jonah.
speaker_heading: POPESCU (CONT’D)
dialog: He’s here. He’s the one who’s been
dialog: trying to reach you. I can feel it.
dialog: I even saw him for a moment there.
text: Both kids snap their heads around, “looking” for Jonah.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Why is he still here?
speaker_heading: POPESCU
dialog: Hard to say. If he committed a
dialog: terrible act he might be trapped-
speaker_heading: WENDY
text: -at the scene of the crime.
speaker_heading: POPESCU
dialog: Crime? Who knows? Sometimes the
dialog: most evil actions are committed in
dialog: the very name of the good. Did
dialog: Aickman perform necromancy?
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: 53B
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: POPESCU (CONT'D)
dialog: Perhaps. But whatever blasphemy he
dialog: may have wrought, Mr. Aickman was
dialog: after the greatest Good of all.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: What good?
speaker_heading: POPESCU
dialog: To prove to a world sunk in doubt
dialog: that there is light beyond the
text: dark, life beyond the grave, and a
dialog: benevolent God at the heart of the
dialog: universe... Pray with me. For those
dialog: that died here. And for the boy,
dialog: too...
text: He reaches out his hands to the young people across the table
text: - they all join hands to pray - But the INSTANT they do -
text: once again it’s like some infernal circuit completed - Matt’s
text: eyes widen and we go shooting into his eyes and back out to
dialog: what he sees:
text: He sees not here and now - but there and then - this same
dialog: spot - 60 years ago - during the seance -
dialog: 
speaker_heading: AND WE ARE:
scene_heading: INT. THE PARLOR - BACK IN 1927 53B
dialog: ..-right back to the original seance. Right where we left it:
text: The table begins to tremble beneath their fingers - the legs
text: rattling against the floor.
text: All the sitters eyes now on Jonah who clamps his eyes shut.
text: Beads of sweat rise from every pore on his face. Tiny bumps
text: all over his skin.
text: Then as a low unearthly moan rises from the depths of his
text: belly, his face grimaces - the skin stretches tight - as if
text: there were a tremendous wind bearing down upon him - except
dialog: there is no wind.
text: As Jonah shakes, and shudders convulsively, another sound
text: rises from within him - it begins as a moan - a wet moan -
text: with a kind of slurping shucking sound as if something were
text: literally rising from some internal sea within him.
text: With a sucking gasp, Jonah's mouth opens suddenly - wide -
text: wider - impossibly wide - as if his face must rip in half.
text: Suddenly a CHOKING SOUND from the boy - as something finally
text: begins to emerge from his mouth...
speaker_heading: 112c
dialog: 69.
text: The ECTOPLASM.
text: We only see it for briefest flashes: This is not an airy
text: substance of light and spirit. More like an infernal
text: combination of dusty smoke and crumbling rotted meat - as if
text: smoke were a kind of flesh.
scene_heading: SPIN AND FLASH RAPIDLY BETWEEN:
text: The ectoplasm emerging from the boy's mouth and nose, and
text: even pouring like living tears from his eyes and the
text: horrified faces of the sitters staring at Jonah.
text: Suddenly their horror seems to rise - even Aickman stares at
text: us - at JONAH - as if something worse than anticipated were
text: happening - something monstrous emerging from him - and then
text: in an instant something unseen - Flesh? Light? Fire? - hurls
text: Aickman and the sitters back and to the ground.
scene_heading: BACK IN THE PRESENT: 112Cc
text: In the parlor - Popescu and Wendy are raising their heads at
text: the end of Popescu’s prayer - while still holding each
text: other’s and Matt’s hands. Suddenly they hear an eerie GROAN.
text: It’s come from Matt. They turn to him -
text: He is gagging as if something were rising in his throat - and
text: though there are no open windows they both suddenly feel a
text: strong cold wind blow through the room.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Matt? Was it?
text: Popescu sees that Matt’s in a kind of trance and releases his
text: hand. Wendy still holds the other.
speaker_heading: POPESCU
text: Let go of his hand -
text: She tries but in his trance Matt is squeezing her hand
dialog: tighter and tighter.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: I can’t!
text: Popescu reaches out and with all the strength he has pulls
text: her hand free from Matt’s. As soon as their hands are
text: separated Matt gasps and falls face first down on the table.
speaker_heading: SARA (0.S.)
dialog: What is going on here?!
dialog: 70.
text: Sara - home from work - has walked right into this odd scene.
speaker_heading: SARA (CONT'D)
dialog: What happened to Matt? Who are you?
dialog: What are you doing in my house?
text: Popescu checks Matt’s pulse and temperature.
speaker_heading: POPESCU
dialog: He’s alright. I think he fainted.
dialog: Let’s get him to the couch.
text: They talk as they carry a woozy Matt to the nearby sofa.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Are you a doctor?
speaker_heading: POPESCU
dialog: No.
text: He hands her his card. She glances at it and drops it into
text: her coat pocket.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: A priest?
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: We asked for his help -
speaker_heading: POPESCU
dialog: We met at the hospital. I’m
dialog: receiving treatment there.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: What are you doing here this time
dialog: of night? What happened to Matt?
text: Sara leans over Matt, as he comes to, waving her away.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: I- I’m alright.
speaker_heading: POPESCU
dialog: He called me. For advice. It’s hard
dialog: to explain.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Try.
speaker_heading: POPESCU
dialog: I believe there is something evil
dialog: in this house. Something no longer
text: living. But not passed over.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: 113B
dialog: 114
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: POPESCU (CONT'D)
dialog: And it wants your son. That’s a
dialog: very dangerous situation for
dialog: someone who is potentially close to
dialog: death -
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: He is not -
speaker_heading: POPESCU
dialog: - I am as hopeful as you. But tell
dialog: me - have you not felt something
dialog: strange here?
text: Of course she has. But can’t admit it. Or won't.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I have no idea what you're talking
dialog: about. I appreciate your trying to
dialog: help my son but I think it’s best
dialog: if we leave that to the doctors.
speaker_heading: POPESCU
dialog: Of course. But please. If you
dialog: ever...need any help.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I’m sure we won’t need your help.
dialog: And if I do - I’1l call Doctor
dialog: Brooks.
speaker_heading: POPESCU
dialog: Yes, of course.
scene_heading: INT. MARY’S BEDROOM —- CONTINUOUS 113B
text: As Mary plays with her dolls we see a shape behind her -
text: moving. She doesn’t see it. One of the inscribed dead looms
text: over Mary.
text: Staring down over the top of the doll house. Mary senses the
text: presence and slowly, slowly, looks up...
scene_heading: INT. THE HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS 114
text: As Sara is coming up the stairs, Mary comes running out of
text: her room - SCREAMING.
text: She runs like a straight into Sara - nearly knocking her
text: down. Sara quiets Mary down.
dialog: 115
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: It was just a bad dream, honey.
dialog: That’s all it was.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: What does he want?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: MARY
text: The ugly man.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Just a monster in your dream.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: He had tattoos. And I wasn’t
dialog: sleeping. I was playing with my
dialog: dolls.
text: Sara leads her back into her bedroom.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: There’s no one here. It was just a
dialog: bad dream.
text: Sara tucks her into bed and reaches for the light.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: No Mommy. Please. Leave it on.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Alright. If you’re a good girl and
dialog: go back to sleep.
text: She shuts the door and doesn’t hear Mary muttering.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: But I wasn’t asleep.
text: And as she pulls the cover around her we drift away out the
text: window into the summer night - pulling back until we are:
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOUSE - NIGHT 115
text: A moonless night. The house a dark shadow in a sea of deeper
text: darkness. With one light still shining - from Mary’s room.
text: SUPER: August 22nd. Two nights later. 1:00 A.M.
dialog: 116
dialog: 117
dialog: 73.
text: Now we float back towards the house - but not to Mary’s now
text: continuously lit window but to the dark window of...
scene_heading: INT. SARA AND PETER’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 116
text: Where Sara’s asleep. She shifts in her sleep. Perhaps
text: distantly aware of the strange sound in her bedroom:
text: FOOTSTEPS. Pacing. Back and forth in front of the bed.
text: Sara’s eyes snap awake. She hears the FOOTSTEPS. She raises
text: her head - can’t see anything in the room. But can distinctly
text: hear FOOTSTEPS in the room. Marching back and forth in front
text: of her bed.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Peter?
text: No reply. But suddenly the footsteps stop - right next to
text: where she’s lying.
speaker_heading: SARA (CONT'D)
dialog: Matt?
text: She reaches out a hand slowly - to light the bedside lamp -
text: and when she does for a flash it illuminates neither her
dialog: husband nor her son but:
text: The same inscribed ghost who was in Mary’s room. His hideous
text: face just an inch from her face as it whispers in a foul
dialog: hissing voice:
speaker_heading: DEAD MAN
dialog: Do... you... know... what... they
dialog: did ... to.. us?
text: Sara screams, leaps out of bed and turns the overhead light
text: on. The room is empty.
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOUSE - NIGHT 117
text: In the still dark and moonless light there are now two lit
dialog: windows.
text: SUPER: August 23rd. The next night. 1:00 AM
dialog: 118
dialog: 119
dialog: 74.
scene_heading: INT. WENDY'S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS 118
text: Wendy's asleep. As she tosses and turns we hear strange
text: sounds in the darkness - as if cages were opening - and birds
text: were flying out of the cages and around the room - though in
text: the darkness we can’t see it. It sounds as if they are
text: flapping all around her, wilder and wilder.
text: Suddenly with a THWACK it sounds like one of the birds
text: smashed against the window next to the bed.
text: Wendy wakes and looks around in the darkness, heart pounding.
text: She throws her arm out of the covers and lights the lamp
text: beside her bed. This lights her bed - and stops the sound of
text: flapping wings - but the corners of the room are still dark.
text: No birds sounds now. Just a low heavy rasping breathing...
text: And she senses: the room is not empty. Someone is there in
text: the shadows, staring at her.
speaker_heading: WENDY (CONT’D)
dialog: Matt? What are you doing? What do
dialog: you want?
text: No reply. She just sees one of the eyes in the dark, staring
text: at her. For a second it seems as if we can see the frozen
text: mist from someone’s breath.
text: Then a mouth opens - and a small faint croak. Barely human.
text: Wholly unintelligible. Wendy tilts the lamp shade towards
dialog: that corner of the room -
text: - and for a second illuminates a corner where not Matt - but
text: a_horribly burned and scared Jonah crouches staring at her!
dialog: 
text: She leaps out of bed and turns the full room light on. Then
text: looks around. The room is empty. No Matt. No Jonah. Just her.
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOUSE - NIGHT 119
text: Lights on now from the basement to the upper floor. Against
text: the big dark sky the house seems like a doll house.
text: Transparent and vulnerable - visible to the invisible.
text: Super: August 23rd 1:30 a.m.
text: Hear, then we see, Peter’s car creeping slowly, overly
text: cautiously down the street, the way some drunks drive.
dialog: 120
dialog: 75.
text: The car has trouble finding the curb. And given his mumbling
text: and awkward door closing - we can smell the alcohol on him.
text: He looks up at the house all lit up. Checks his watch.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Now I see why I hadda sell my
dialog: Goddamn truck.
scene_heading: INT. THE HOUSE - A BEAT LATER 120
text: Peter comes into the house - masks his drunken clumsiness
text: beneath belligerence which only makes him seem drunker.
text: He storms down and back up the stairs. See that each of the
text: kids is sleeping with the light on. He stands on the landing
text: of the stairs and yells:
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Every body in this Goddamn house is
dialog: sleeping with the light on. And I
dialog: want to know why.
text: They all peep from their rooms. And look at each other. But
text: even more at the frightening spectacle of their drunk and
text: rageful father and husband.
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT'D)
dialog: Why do you all keep the lights on?
text: They all look at each other - who’s gonna say something?
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT'D)
dialog: I don’t care what little games you
dialog: all are playing -
text: He grabs a footstool - and goes room to room - with a
text: handkerchief around his hand - unscrewing the light bulbs,
text: ignoring everyone’s pleas for him to stop.
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT'D)
dialog: There!
text: Peter even grabs the night lights from the little one’s beds.
text: Mary is trembling and crying - Billy’s sniffling and just as
text: scared. Sara seems speechless with rage.
speaker_heading: PETER (CONT'D)
dialog: You’re all too old to be sleeping
text: with night lights.
text: Peter storms out. We hear him outside: SMASHING the bulbs in
text: the trash cans. Sara storms out after him.
dialog: 121
dialog: 76.
text: Wendy comforts the younger children. The house is now truly
text: dark - without a light bulb left in the bedrooms. She looks
text: out a window and sees Sara confronting Peter outside - She
text: turns the kids away and leads them upstairs.
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOUSE - CONTINUOUS 121
text: Peter tosses the last of the bulbs in the garbage can.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: That was a cruel and childish thing
dialog: to do. All you’ve done is scare
dialog: everyone in this house.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Yeah, what scares me is trying to
dialog: pay for two sets of bills every
dialog: month.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Stop it. This isn’t about any of
dialog: that anymore. That’s it.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: That was it right there.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Your second chance. You asked a
dialog: long time ago - for a second
dialog: chance. And I said, if you ever
dialog: came home drunk and violent and
dialog: scaring or hurting me or the
dialog: children again, that was it. I
dialog: should’ve known then. How weak you
dialog: are. That you’d fold at the worst
dialog: possible time.
text: He opens his mouth as if to begin to defend or explain.
speaker_heading: SARA (CONT'D)
dialog: Don’t. This is it, Peter. This is
dialog: where you step up to the plate. Or
dialog: you don’t. And you didn’t. Now I
dialog: will not let you hurt this family.
dialog: Not again. Is that clear?
dialog: 122
dialog: 123
dialog: 124
dialog: 125
dialog: 77.
text: Peter slams the door of his little car. His big frame almost
text: too big to fit in it. Starts it up. And pulls out. Sara, as
text: sad as she is angry, watches Peter pull out of the driveway,
text: headed home. With no idea if he’s coming back.
scene_heading: INT. THE HOUSE - LATER 122
text: All the lights are off. For the first time in many nights.
dialog: And we see why:
scene_heading: INT. SARA AND PETER’S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS 123
speaker_heading: ANGLES ON:
text: The ceiling fixture. The bedside lamp. No bulbs in either.
scene_heading: INTS. THE OTHER TWO BEDROOMS - SAME TIME 124
text: In Wendy’s room. And down in Matt’s. No bulbs in any of the
text: fixtures. Thanks to Peter’s rage there’s not a single bulb in
text: the house. Just empty sockets, and inextinguishable darkness.
dialog: Not a good feeling.
text: And now a sound. A KNOCKING. At first as if at the door
text: downstairs. And then at the windows upstairs. And downstairs.
text: Soon - they are all awake. All listening to the insistent,
text: and incessantly moving - KNOCKING.
text: And then. Suddenly. In all of those rooms. As well as the two
text: little ones’ bedrooms where the bulbs were also removed.
text: Lights FLASH ON. And OFF. ON. AND OFF. From all the lights
text: where there are no bulbs. Light. And off.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: What in the name of God...
text: Wendy comes out of her room. Matt weakly walks up the stairs.
text: They all end up huddled with Sara on her bed - as the lights
text: go on and off. They all come together. Then all the lights go
text: out. Total blackness. And silence.
scene_heading: INT. THE KITCHEN - DAY 125
text: Sara’s alone on the phone. She looks as if she hasn’t slept.
text: She hasn’t. None of them have. She’s on hold -
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST (0.S.)
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: I’m sorry Dr. Brooks’s on rounds
dialog: this afternoon. Can I take a
dialog: message?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: No - no - it’s- nothing. Thanks.
text: She puts down the phone and just stares. Lost. Who can she
text: call? Who would believe? Or have any idea? She grabs her
text: wallet and looks hurriedly through it- whatever she’s looking
text: for isn’t there. She tries the purse. Nope. Then she steps
text: int the hallway where her coat is hanging and reaches into
text: the pocket and pulls out a card.
text: Fr. Popescu’s card that he gave her the night he was there.
scene_heading: 126 EXT. THE HOUSE - EVENING 126
text: An old car parks in front. Out steps the rather tiny old man.
text: Super: August 24th 9:00 PM.
text: From the front window, Sara watches Popescu come up the walk-
text: way. As he walks up the path he’s dwarfed by the dark old
text: house. He stops on the threshold and visibly shudders.
text: From Sara's POV he looks tiny. Even smaller than last time
text: she saw him. She can't help but wonder - this is the man
text: who’s going to save them? She opens the door for him.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I’m so sorry. I didn’t know who
dialog: else to call. Are you sure you’re
dialog: feeling up to this?
speaker_heading: POPESCU
dialog: (with a twinkle)
dialog: Let’s put it this way. I’m in
dialog: exactly the right state of being
dialog: to traffic with ghosts.
scene_heading: 127 INT. THE HOUSE - CONTINUOUS 127
text: He puts down his little black bag. And opens it. Takes out
text: his Bible. And what appears to be a cross.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: You’re not actually a priest
dialog: anymore. Are you?
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: POPESCU
dialog: There’s what I am. And then there’s
dialog: what I am permitted officially to
dialog: do.
text: He does something odd with his ‘cross’ - he pulls it apart.
text: It’s actually two metal bars. Magnets.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: What is that?
speaker_heading: POPESCU
dialog: Iron magnets. One of the few
dialog: constants in human thought. From
dialog: Ancient Babylon to the most modern
dialog: construction - people have always
dialog: know Iron has special properties.
dialog: They may not know why. Or even why
dialog: they still use it. But the truth is
dialog: Iron defends from Evil. And the
dialog: iron magnet can detect it. It’s no
dialog: accident prisons have iron bars.
dialog: Not merely to contain the body but
text: the evil that may lurk within it.
text: Without waiting for Sara he begins moving about the house.
text: Looking around.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: What are you looking for?
speaker_heading: POPESCU
dialog: Where he died. Sometimes - when a
dialog: death is violent - or filled with
dialog: anger, fear, or any strong emotion -
text: it’s as if the spirit doesn’t pass
text: on - but moves instantly into the
text: nearest body, the house itself.
dialog: It’s why we cover mirrors and open
text: window shades in the house of the
dialog: dead - to help them find their way
text: out. A house where a soul is
dialog: trapped is not so much haunted, as
dialog: possessed.
text: Moving his magnets near the walls - when he thinks he might
text: feel something. He walks towards the basement stairs.
speaker_heading: POPESCU (CONT’D)
dialog: What’s down here?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Matt's bedroom. Where they used to -
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: POPESCU
dialog: Keep the children upstairs.
scene_heading: 128 INT. THE BASEMENT STAIRS - A BEAT LATER 128
text: Sara leads Popescu down. Popescu stops. Moves his magnets.
text: Then carries on, into Matt’s bedroom. Matt lies weakly on his
text: bed. Popescu stares at him - no not at_him - but next to him.
text: Popescu’s POV: Jonah - blackened and frightened looking -
text: stands over Matt - threatening or protecting? We cannot tell.
speaker_heading: POPESCU
dialog: Yes. He’s here. Do you see him
dialog: Matt?
text: Matt nods weakly. He’s very ill.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I don't see anything.
speaker_heading: POPESCU
dialog: Good. You're strong. Healthy. You
dialog: shouldn't see.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: This is turning my world upside
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: POPESCU
text: We live in a small corner of a vast
dialog: spiritual universe, the night sky
text: is not filled merely with the light
dialog: of dead stars...
dialog: (straight at Matt)
dialog: ...-but with the active presence of
dialog: a Divine spirit. Faith is the
text: knowledge of things unseen. But
dialog: it’s also knowing - deep in your
dialog: heart - that even the worst
dialog: experiences of your life have
dialog: meaning and Divine purpose - and
dialog: having the courage to face them.
text: Suddenly - the GRINDING OF THE GEARS AND CLANGING CHAINS of
text: the elevator from up above. Popescu walks slowly - magnets
text: out front - towards the open elevator doors - through which
text: he can see the crematory oven.
speaker_heading: POPESCU (CONT’D)
dialog: So that’s where you are trapped.
dialog: Don’t worry.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 129
dialog: 130
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: POPESCU (CONT’D)
dialog: Whatever you have done we are not
dialog: here to punish you. That is not our
dialog: place. Only to free you. Like a
dialog: bird caught in a room---
text: Suddenly the open elevator near Popescu SMASHES down in front
text: of him, then suddenly lifts back up, faster than it should be
text: capable of - back up a floor - then SMASHES down again.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (weakly)
text: He doesn’t want to leave.
text: Matt looks bad. Paler. Less there. More like Popescu. One
text: foot in the grave. Popescu meanwhile can’t get at the oven.
speaker_heading: POPESCU
dialog: There must be another way.
scene_heading: INT. SARA AND PETER’S BEDROOM —- CONTINUOUS 129
text: The children cower together on Sara’s bed - fingers in ears
text: from the noise of the elevator. And not just the elevator -
text: the whole house seems to be shaking. Huge pounding noises
text: coming from inside the walls.
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOUSE - A BEAT LATER 130
text: Sara follows Popescu as he feels his way with his hands along
text: the base of the house.
speaker_heading: POPESCU
dialog: There has to be another way to
dialog: empty it.
text: Even outside you can hear the NOISE of the elevator - moving
text: up and down in the house... As Popescu makes his way around
text: the outside - searching with his hands. Then Popescu stops.
text: He’s found a small metal door about the size of a vent rusted
text: shut and over grown with the vine that grows on that side of
dialog: the house.
speaker_heading: POPESCU
dialog: Help me.
text: His old hands aren’t strong enough. But with Sara’s help they
text: rip away the vine and pull the little door open.
speaker_heading: POPESCU
dialog: He's here.
speaker_heading: 129B
speaker_heading: 130B
speaker_heading: 129C
dialog: 131
dialog: 82.
text: Inside we see a small pile of dust, a portion of skull, and
text: other bone bits. Jonah’s remains.
scene_heading: INT. SARA AND PETER’S BEDROOM —- CONTINUOUS 129B
text: Wendy and the little ones huddle together on the bed as the
text: bedroom door swings open and shut SLAMMING each time as if of
text: its own accord. The whole house shakes with the BOOMING sound
text: of the elevator slamming again and again.
text: It feels like the entire house is about to collapse around
text: them - suddenly it’s too much and Mary begins to SCREAM
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Make it stop! Make it stop!
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOUSE - CONTINUOUS 130B
text: Popescu bows his head and murmurs a prayer for the dead in
text: Latin. As he does the elevator POUNDS TWICE AS LOUD, like it
text: was angrily and malevolently alive.
text: Starting to tremble, Popescu reaches behind him for his black
text: bag. And from within it pulls out a white silk prayer shawl.
text: Wiping his brow with the back of his shaking hand Popescu
text: gently sweeps Jonah’s last remains and folds them into the
text: silk. He murmurs a last prayer and as he does - the elevator
text: suddenly stops.
text: The shaking and pounding noises stop. The whole house is
text: suddenly still and quiet. Popescu has won the battle, but he
text: looks as though he won’t live though the night, he is spent.
scene_heading: INT. SARA AND PETER’S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS 129C
text: Deafening silence. Wendy and the little ones on the bed.
text: Cautiously take their fingers from their ears - and adjust to
text: the quiet. She looks around. Takes a breath. The place
text: undeniably feels different.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: I think...it’s over.
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOUSE - NIGHT 131
text: At his open car, Sara hands Popescu the silken bundle with
text: Jonah’s remains in it, and he puts them gently on the seat.
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Will Matt be alright now?
speaker_heading: POPESCU
dialog: (haltingly)
dialog: The house should be quiet now and
dialog: at peace. But I must warn you...
dialog: sometimes for a day or so after a
dialog: spirit has been removed from a
dialog: house.... there are strange events -
text: like aftershocks from an earth-
dialog: quake. If anything.... happens,
dialog: don’t be alarmed. They will pass...
dialog: within a day or two at the most.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Thank you, thank you for
dialog: everything.
speaker_heading: POPESCU
dialog: (wry)
dialog: I'd like to say it was my...
dialog: pleasure but...
text: Sara smiles, realizing she likes this old man, a lot.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Are you okay to drive?
text: Popescu gathers what’s left of his strength, and waves off
dialog: her concern.
scene_heading: 132 INT. MATT’S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS 132
speaker_heading: POPESCU O.S.
dialog: We’re all in God’s hands.
text: Matt’s whole body silently convulses. Tears flow down his
text: worn cheeks. He senses something and looks up and behind him -
text: at the high window which looks out at the street above.
text: In the window:
text: Jonah - OUTSIDE - he looks not scary - not angry - sad. He’s
text: shaking his head. Worried.
scene_heading: 133 INT. NEW YORK HOUSE BASEMENT - LATE AFTERNOON 133
text: Home from work, a chagrined Peter cleans up the mess he made
text: the night when he was drunk down here and playing the guitar.
speaker_heading: 132B
dialog: 134
dialog: 84.
text: He puts the battered Fender guitar - once the repository of
text: his Big Dreams - back on its stand.
text: Sweeps broken glass and dirt into a can. And rights a fallen
text: shelf unit - replacing the old LPs and boxes of cassette
text: tapes that he knocked to the floor.
text: His eye catches on one of the tapes, labelled ‘Matt at Camp’.
text: He pulls out the tape and slots it into a dusty cassette
text: player and hits play. At first nothing - then the slightly
text: distorted wavery SOUND OF HIS SON’S VOICE - from eons ago -
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (12 years old on tape)
dialog: ---only 5 more sleeps till Parents’
dialog: Day. I can’t wait. I have a lot to
dialog: show you, Dad. You need to see how
dialog: I shoot the bow and arrow. And how
dialog: far I can swim. And they’re having
dialog: a Father and Sons race - it’s gonna
dialog: be great - I bet you and me beat
dialog: all the others.
dialog: (teasing)
dialog: If you do your job, of course.
dialog: Okay, I better go. Bye, dad.
text: Peter lets the sound of his innocent son’s voice wash over
text: him - as if washing all the fear and weakness out of him. He
text: wipes tears from his eyes.
scene_heading: INT. MATT’S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS 132B
text: In the darkness we can see Matt’s form - but not make out any
text: details. He wakes up with a low groan. As he rises in the dim
text: light we can see a bit better - he looks odd - something on
text: his face - he raised his hand - something covering his hand.
scene_heading: BACK UPSTAIRS: 134
text: Sara, Wendy and the Kids gathered in Sara’s room.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Whatever was here - is gone. We've
dialog: all had some bad nights, but it’s
dialog: over. And now we can get ba-
text: She’s interrupted by ROUGH RAGGED SCREAMING from downstairs.
dialog: 85.
scene_heading: 135 INT. MATT’S BEDROOM - A BEAT LATER 135
text: Sara runs in, finds Matt standing in the darkness screaming.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: It hurts! Oh God it hurts!
text: She flips on the light and we see: Matt is completely covered
text: in Aickman’s inscriptions. Tiny lines of blood everywhere -
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: What have you done to yourself!?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: I didn’t! I didn’t!
scene_heading: 136 EXT. THE HOUSE - NIGHT 136
text: Sara stands anxiously at the door way of her house.
text: Illuminated by the flashing lights from the ambulance.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: It’s okay, it’s okay. Everything’s
dialog: gonna be okay.
text: One paramedic opens the back door while another holds Matt
text: wrapped in a triage bandage-blanket already soaking through
text: with all the lines of blood - while a third injects him with
text: something to stop the pain and calm him down.
text: Peter pulls up and runs out of his car to Sara. As they’re
text: about to close the door, Matt turns and looks at his parents:
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Doesn’t matter. Now that I’m out of
dialog: the house? It’1ll be after you.
text: The ambulance closes on Matt. He’s gone. Sara turns to Wendy -
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: We’ll be back as soon as we can.
dialog: And then we‘re getting out of here.
text: Sara finally acknowledges Peter’s presence.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Oh God Sara - I’m so sorry. If only
dialog: I’d been here -
text: Looking at him closely, Sara can tell Peter is sober and
dialog: resolved. That he made his choice.
dialog: 137
dialog: 138
dialog: 139
dialog: 140
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: You’re here now. That’s what
dialog: counts.
text: She takes his hand and climbs in the car with Peter and they
dialog: take after the ambulance.
scene_heading: INT. AMBULANCE - CONTINUOUS 137
text: Matt zoning in and out of consciousness. Two paramedics
text: gently peeling back the blanket to look at his skin.
speaker_heading: PARAMEDIC 1
dialog: How did he do that to himself?
text: See the sinuous lines of the weird engraved words but notice
text: they're not cut from the outside - but seem raised as if...
speaker_heading: PARAMEDIC 2
dialog: I dunno it looks more like it was
dialog: scraped - from the inside out...
scene_heading: INT. SARA’S BEDROOM - LATER 138
text: Wendy looks in on the kids. They’re quiet, if traumatized.
text: Billy’s on the bed. Playing with the Krystal Ball. Mary holds
text: a doll, having a whispered conversation with it.
text: Wendy has a perfect apple in hand. She takes a bite - but
text: almost instantly chokes. The apple is completely rotten.
scene_heading: INT. THE KITCHEN - A BEAT LATER 139
text: Wendy runs into the kitchen - but as she enters is hit by a
text: wall of smell. She gags. Something horribly rotten - she
text: glances round the kitchen and sees:
text: The flowers which a little while ago were bright are now past
text: dead. The fruit bowl - at first looks fine - but literally
text: before her eyes the fruit decays into a festering pulp.
text: She opens the refrigerator. The light is off. It’s not cold.
text: Everything inside’s covered in mold. She slams the door.
scene_heading: INT. SARA AND PETER’S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS 140
text: Mary whispers with her doll. We hear only bits of it.
dialog: 141
speaker_heading: 140B
dialog: 142
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (to her doll)
dialog: Really? They’re all here?
text: Though she’s playing - there is nothing ‘playful’ about it -
text: Something eerie about her intense, one sided conversation.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS 141
dialog: Between the door to that bedroom and the one to hers. See
text: into her bedroom. A pile of toys. Suddenly the pile stirs.
text: And we hear a little bell tinkle.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON:
text: A stuffed animal with a tiny bell round its neck - The
text: really worn and almost shapeless one with the shoe button eye
text: hanging by a string. Did it just move? Or was that just the
dialog: wind?
scene_heading: INT. SARA AND PETER’S BEDROOM 140B
text: Billy absorbed in his Krystal Ball. Staring into the little
text: window at the purple waters inside - seeking answers to
text: whispered questions. Mary looks up from her doll at the door
dialog: way - in time to see:
text: That worn old stuffed animal sits on the floor in front of
text: the door. She looks back down at her doll then hears the
text: tinkling bell. When she looks up, the stuffed animal is gone.
text: Mary gets up and goes to the door and looks down the hall.
text: There’s the little thing standing at the top of the stairs -
text: facing her - as if looking right at Mary whose eyes widen at
text: what seems to her wonderful magic.
text: Mary runs down the hall after it. Billy pays no attention -
text: too absorbed in his oracle.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY 142
text: Mary stands in the little hallway. Looks for the stuffed
text: animal. Can’t see it in either direction. But she hears the
text: little bell. Then she sees it at the bottom of the stairs.
dialog: 143
dialog: 144
dialog: 145
dialog: 146
dialog: 147
dialog: 88.
scene_heading: INT. DOWNSTAIRS - CONTINUOUS 143
text: Mary at the top of the stairs headed down to follow it.
dialog: Thinking what a wonderful game this is...
scene_heading: INT. THE BASEMENT STAIRS - A BEAT LATER 144
text: Mary gets to the stairs too late to see the doll - but she
text: can hear its bell disappearing into the darkness of what was
text: Matt’s bedroom, and is now more like the black hole of
text: Calcutta. Or just a black hole. The cave of all nightmares.
text: Mary hesitates but only for a second - then giggles nervously
text: and trundles down the stairs - and quickly disappears after
text: it into the darkness at the bottom of the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. THE KITCHEN 145
text: Wendy pulls the rotted food out of the fridge and shelves.
text: But it seems never ending. A first glance shows a normal loaf
text: of bread so she turns to the rotted tomatoes beside it. But
text: when she looks back at the bread it is now green with mold.
text: She nearly gags as she stuff the last of the reeking rotted
text: food into two bulging garbage bags.
scene_heading: INT. SARA AND PETER’S BEDROOM 146
text: Billy’s alone nervously playing with the Krystal Ball. He’s
text: clutching it fiercely. Eyes shut -
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Is Mattie gonna be alright?
text: He shakes the ball then looks intently -
scene_heading: ANGLE INSIDE THE KRYSTAL BALL: 147
text: From the liquid depths the oracle spins - and rises:
speaker_heading: KRYSTAL BALL
dialog: “Never again”
text: Billy shakes it again - not wanting it to be true -
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Is he gonna die?
dialog: 148
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: KRYSTAL BALL
dialog: “The oracle has spoken”
text: He shakes it again. Determined to get the answer he wants.
scene_heading: FILL THE SCREEN:
text: With the little plastic window and the churning sea of fluid
text: beneath it as the plastic oracle comes spinning up towards us
dialog: filling the screen:
text: But the side that floats up doesn’t hold any of the
text: proverbial phrases. Instead it is covered in the strange
dialog: words and signs that we recognize as the ones Aickman carved
dialog: onto dead bodies:
speaker_heading: Mortuum Suspiria Tenebrum
text: Billy’s startled and shakes it again and again - but now
text: every one of the twenty sides holds only words in that creepy
dialog: Necromantic language!
dialog: 
text: Billy hurls the ball across the room where it smashes leaving
text: purple dye streaming down the wall.
scene_heading: INT. POPESCU’S CAR - SAME TIME 148
text: He grips the steering wheel and squints against the glare of
text: on coming headlights which as he passes them pass over the
text: white silk bundle behind him on the back seat.
text: Popescu looks bad. Cold sweat. Having trouble focusing. And
text: as he does - images coming to him:
text: He’s blinking - and seeing the lights from opposing traffic
text: going by - and seeing eyes without eye-lids, and lids with
text: out any eyes - open and shut - open and shut.
speaker_heading: POPESCU
dialog: Of course. Why didn’t I see? He
dialog: removed their eyelids. Not to
text: uncover their eyes. But to cover
dialog: ours... So that no one would ever
dialog: see that they were there...
text: Behind him - we hear a sound of rustling silk. Something
text: rises from the back seat... Popescu looks up in the rear view
text: mirror - his eyes transfixed by the sight:
text: The white silk begins to swirl and rise as if lifted from
dialog: within by some materializing thing -
dialog: 90.
text: - Popescu staring into the rear view mirror doesn’t see that
text: he is drifting into the other lane into the oncoming traffic -
text: - He tears his eyes away from the mirror to see headlights
dialog: coming straight at him!
text: He swerves just in time off the road - plowing into a road
text: sign. The car comes to a halt. Popescu breathless but unhurt.
scene_heading: 149 EXT. THE SIDE OF THE ROAD - CONTINUOUS 149
text: He looks back up into the rear view mirror and sees: JONAH in
dialog: the back seat!
text: Popescu slowly turns around - dreading what he will see in
text: the back seat - Jonah - looks back at him. Their eyes lock -
text: Popescu’s eyes widen - his mouth opens and we
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 53C INT. PARLOUR - 1927 - NIGHT 53C
dialog: Right back where we were.
text: Jonah raises his head. He looks around in horror - the room
text: has changed - is still changing - the walls themselves have a
text: crumbly ectoplasmic appearance, bits of it crumble, revealing
text: cracks and holes through which we see not the outside - but
dialog: some infinite black space -
text: Jonah reels back and sees that he is the only one alive. The
text: sitters all lie on the floor in frozen dead rictus of terror.
text: He hears a GROAN. It's Aickman. He lies on the floor - he's
text: not quite dead. And he's trying to speak.
text: Jonah brings his face close to the dying man - can barely
text: hear what Aickman is saying from his hideously shredded lips -
dialog: just elusive fragments -
speaker_heading: AICKMAN
dialog: Get out. They'll be after you now.
text: Jonah looks up just as the table where he had been sitting
text: begins shaking again - suddenly the shaking becomes wilder
text: and the table hurls itself straight at Jonah.
text: He rolls out of the way. Kneels on the floor - looks down and
text: for a second sees: the floor itself seems to be a sea of
text: angry dead faces trying to thrust up at him -
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 91.
text: He reels back and up to his feet - runs out of the room and
text: into the photo salon.
text: For a second all is quiet but then we hear WHISPERING and
text: MOANING - growing - and Jonah looks around at all the
text: funerary portraits on the walls:
text: In each photo - the dead seem to come alive their faces now
text: covered in Aickman's engravings - they SCREAM at Jonah from
dialog: within their frames -
text: Jonah runs for the front door but it SLAMS in his face. And
dialog: no amount of force will open it.
text: He turns and runs up the stairs followed by the sound of
text: BANGING as every door in the house swings open and slams shut
text: - open and shut - again and again - louder and LOUDER -
text: making it impossible for him to enter or exit any room -
dialog: Where can he go? Where can he hide from the madness all
dialog: around him?
dialog: We can't tell what is real and what may be his terrified mind
text: - but it seems that every part of the house has come alive -
text: and either physically threatens him - or seems itself to be
text: filled with angry accusing faces and hands -
text: And then he sees - one door open - not swinging open and shut
text: - just open. It's the elevator door. It seems dark and safe
text: and quiet in there - The shaking sobbing boy crawls into the
text: dark womb of the elevator.
text: And as he does - for a second the whole house goes quiet - no
text: sound except the heavy breathing and sobbing of Jonah.
text: Suddenly the metal elevator door slams shut. And with a
text: grinding groan we hear the elevator begin to descend.
text: Hear Jonah's pounding fists on the metal walls. And the
text: howling and wailing and pounding of the whole house resumes
text: as if an angry mob demanding satisfaction...
text: Down in the embalming room we stare at the closed door of the
text: furnace into which the elevator descends.
text: We can hear the thudding of Jonah pounding from within the
text: elevator as it descends and lands down here in the basement.
text: Suddenly -we see the lever of the furnace move by itself -
text: and we see the FLASH OF FLAME as the fire ignites in the
text: furnace and we hear Jonah's SCREAMS muffled yet deepened by
text: the enclosure of oven and elevator.
dialog: 92.
text: And as the boy burns all other sounds fall away - everything
text: grows silent except the terrible muffled screams of the
text: burning boy.
scene_heading: UPSTAIRS - CONTINUOUS
text: As the boy downstairs dies - the room begins to return to
text: normal - the walls restore - the ectoplasmic sheen and smoke -
text: begins to dissipate - dissolve - into just smoke - which with
text: a blast of wind from nowhere - disappears - leaving only the
text: empty room - the overturned table - and the corpses of
text: Aickman and the five seance sitters.
scene_heading: 150 EXT. ROADSIDE - NIGHT 150
text: Popescu sits in the car, tears stream from his eyes. He rolls
text: down the window and lets the wind blow open the silk and lift
text: a thousand particles that once were Jonah into the air.
scene_heading: 151 INT. WENDY'S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS 151
text: The room is empty. But we can hear the shower running.
scene_heading: 152 INT. BATHROOM - CONTINUOUS 152
text: Wendy sobs in the shower trying to wash the rot reek off her.
scene_heading: 153 EXT. SIDE OF THE ROAD - NIGHT 153
text: Popescu in a phone booth by the side of the road. The old man
text: is weak and has to hold himself up in the booth. He finishes
text: dialing a number - which rings and rings and rings...
scene_heading: 154 INT. THE HOUSE - CONTINUOUS 154
text: In the kitchen the phone rings. And rings.
scene_heading: 152B INT. BATHROOM - SAME TIME 152B
text: As Wendy turns the shower off the curtain itself sways oddly -
text: moves with ripples like the wing of a manta ray -
text: -then suddenly - as if it were alive and possessed of a mind
text: of its own - the curtain wraps around Wendy -
dialog: 93.
text: For a mad second it’s almost comic - as if she were just
text: tripped up in her shower curtain - but the wet white plastic
text: seals tighter and tighter around her - now thrusting itself
text: down her mouth when she opens it to scream - choking her -
scene_heading: 155 INT. KITCHEN - SAME TIME 155
text: The answering machine sits on the counter beside a vase of
text: bright flowers. It finally kicks in -
scene_heading: ANSWERING MACHINE
dialog: You've reached the Campbells.
dialog: Please leave your message at the
text: beep.
scene_heading: 156 EXT. SIDE OF THE ROAD - NIGHT 156
text: Popescu in the phone booth by the side of the turnpike.
speaker_heading: POPESCU
dialog: (weak, halting)
dialog: I’ve made a terrible mistake. The
text: missing bodies - they’re there.
dialog: That was his amplifier; their
dialog: spirits. But it backfired. All
dialog: 
dialog: those souls in torment... The boy
dialog: wasn’t evil. His spirit... held
dialog: them all back. A finger... in the
dialog: dike. And I removed him. You must
dialog: get out, now!
scene_heading: 152C INT. BATHROOM - CONTINUOUS 152C
text: Wendy rips at the curtain - shredding it - tearing it - till
text: she’s free - gulping air on the cold tile floor.
scene_heading: 157 INT. WENDY'S BEDROOM - A BEAT LATER 157
text: Wendy pulls clothes on when she hears SCREAMING and runs to
text: the window and looks down. She can’t see anything. But it
text: seems to be coming from outside.
scene_heading: 158 EXT. THE HOUSE - A BEAT LATER 158
text: Wendy looks around. Where’s the scream? Hears it again - it’s
text: coming from the basement. She looks to the low windows that
text: look into Matt’s room and sees Mary standing on a table
text: pounding on the window.
dialog: 159
dialog: 160
dialog: 161
dialog: 162
dialog: 94,
scene_heading: INT. THE HOUSE - CONTINUOUS 159
text: Wendy runs back in and tears down the stairs to Matt’s room.
scene_heading: INT. MATT’S BEDROOM - A BEAT LATER 160
text: She looks around the room - no sign of Mary - then she sees
text: her on the other side of the glass - screaming.
text: Wendy runs to the door - but it won’t open. She tries and
text: tries and tries - Billy runs in too - drawn by the screams.
text: Wendy looks around - for something - anything - finally she
text: grabs the little wooden chair by the table - motions Billy to
text: get back - and swings the chair with all her might at the
text: glass window and SHATTERS it into a million pieces.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: C’mon Mary - come to me!
text: Mary runs over - and Wendy reaches over the wood and picks
text: her up and lifts her into the bedroom. They turn to run from
text: the room and she looks back over her shoulder and sees the
text: Oven open - the little toy sitting at the edge of it - as if
text: laughing at her - and behind it - the flames shoot up!
text: Super: 2:15 a.m.
scene_heading: INT. PSYCH CELL - NIGHT 161
text: Matt sits in bed. Head nodding from sedatives. His skin has
text: cleared. No trace of the markings. But he’s in hell now, with
text: real demons. The OTHER PATIENT in his room frozen with the
text: thousand yard stare of heavy anti-psychotic meds.
text: Matt just covers his face with his hands. Then there’s a
text: strange SILENCE as a shadow falls over him - he looks up.
text: It’s JONAH, his head strangely tilted. Matt looks around.
text: Nobody else sees him.
speaker_heading: DR. BROOKS (0.S.)
text: He’s sedated and comfortable.
scene_heading: INT. DR. BROOKS'S OFFICE - NIGHT 162
text: The Campbells look worried - but for the first time in a long
text: while they seem together. Peter’s holding her hand.
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: DR. BROOKS
text: The markings are gone. The skin is
dialog: really an extension of the mind.
dialog: Just some kind of dermatitis.
dialog: Dermographia. Nothing dangerous.
text: They look relieved. But the Doctor looks grim.
speaker_heading: DR. BROOKS (CONT’D)
dialog: But we ran his panels. I’m afraid
dialog: it’s not good news. The treatment
dialog: has frankly had no effect.
dialog: His cell count is worse than
dialog: before.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: There must be something else, some
dialog: other treatment -
speaker_heading: DR. BROOKS
dialog: I wish I could tell you there was.
dialog: I believe in fighting till you die.
dialog: But not fighting when you’re dead.
dialog: With these numbers I have no idea
dialog: what’s keeping him alive.
scene_heading: 161B INT. PSYCH CELL - CONTINUOUS 161B
text: Jonah stands now before Matt. Matt’s cell mate stares - but
text: we can’t tell if he sees Jonah too or not.
text: We cannot tell what Jonah intends. Matt rises woozy. The two
text: boys approach each other - closer and closer...For a moment -
text: almost a mirror effect - as the two boys stand in front of
text: each other - once again - only Jonah’s intense GREEN EYES
dialog: distinguish them -
scene_heading: NEW ANGLE - MATT’S CELL MATE
text: suddenly squawks, for reasons unknown.
speaker_heading: BACK ON MATT
dialog: he looks different - we can’t at first say how, maybe its the
text: slight tilt of his head now - then we notice - Jonah’s
text: intense green eyes peer out from Matt’s face...
speaker_heading: DR. BROOKS (0.S.)
dialog: Given his state it might be best
dialog: for him just to stay here.
speaker_heading: 162B
speaker_heading: 161C
dialog: 96.
scene_heading: INT. DR. BROOKS’S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS 162B
text: Peter has to practically hold Sara from collapsing.
speaker_heading: DR. BROOKS
dialog: But then again the choice is yours.
dialog: I can connect you with a hospice,
dialog: or if you think you can handle it -
dialog: bring him home.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: How long do you think he has?
speaker_heading: DR. BROOKS
dialog: There’s really no way of saying for
dialog: sure. He could go tonight. Or ina
dialog: week. Probably not more.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Can we see him?
speaker_heading: DR. BROOKS
dialog: Of course.
scene_heading: INT. PSYCH CELL - A BEAT LATER 161C
text: Dr Brooks and Matt’s parents arrive at Matt’s door and when
text: they push it open, they find only the cell mate there.
text: He’s rocking on his bed. Mumbling to himself. We can barely
dialog: make it out...
speaker_heading: PATIENT
dialog: (mumbling tunelessly)
dialog: ‘One bright day in the middle of
text: the night. Two dead boys got up to
dialog: fight...’
text: Matt’s gone. Behind him the curtains flutter in the wide open
text: window - whose metal bars have been impossibly bent open...
text: Dr. Brooks grabs a phone from the wall to call security.
speaker_heading: DR. BROOKS
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: He can’t have got far. He’s
text: literally dead on his feet.
dialog: 97.
scene_heading: 163 EXT. THE CEMETERY - NIGHT 163
text: For a boy who should already be dead, Matt/Jonah seems
text: strangely strong as he runs down the road by the cemetery,
text: the surrounding trees bent over in the heavy wind.
text: Super: 3:20 a.m.
text: A BANGING SOUND in the night. The garage door - smashed open -
text: bangs open and closed in the increasingly heavier wind.
scene_heading: 164 INT. THE HOUSE - CONTINUOUS 164
text: Wendy hears a slamming sound outside and looks out the window
text: and sees the garage door slamming in the wind.
scene_heading: 165 INT. KITCHEN - A BEAT LATER 165
text: Wendy opens the back door. She sees the garage door swinging
text: in the wind, but in front of it now stands Matt/Jonah holding
text: an axe. She is stunned for a moment.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Matt?
text: Matt just stares blankly at her - then starts running right
dialog: at_her - axe in hand...
text: She slams the door and throws the latch. With a sudden
text: splintering CRASH - The axe rips through the back door -
text: stopping just short of her face.
text: She turns to run, and sees a worried Mary standing right in
text: front of her. Wendy swoops her up and bolts down the corridor
text: to the front stairs. The axing noise continues behind her.
text: She puts Mary down.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: We’re going to be play hide and
dialog: seek now. I want you to hide
dialog: upstairs, okay? And don’t come out
dialog: no matter what, unless I say it’s
dialog: okay? You understand?
text: Mary nods and runs up the stairs.
text: Now Wendy sees Billy is cautiously moving through the parlor
text: to investigate the noise. She quietly slips over to him and
text: turns him around.
dialog: 166
dialog: 98.
text: Wendy gets him to follow her, but before she turns she
text: notices the axing has stopped. She looks towards the back
dialog: door.
text: Unseen behind her we see Matt silently (in bare feet)
text: charging towards her, axe raised!
text: Billy sees him and leaps away. Wendy spins and backs against
text: the wall.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: (tears of terror)
dialog: Matt. No.
text: Wendy stumbles and falls to the ground then Matt/Jonah brings
text: the rusted axe slicing down - straight into the pulpy wood
text: where Matt/Jonah had scratched the wall earlier in the movie.
text: He pulls the axe back ripping out chunks of wall revealing a
speaker_heading: FACE.
text: Chop Chop. There is a body inside! Covered in Aickman’s
text: inscriptions and rags. It rolls out, still weighty and solid
text: as if it was freshly dead.
text: Wendy rolls aside as the body thumps to the ground where she
dialog: just was.
text: Matt/Jonah axes the wall again. Then uses the pick side of it
text: to pull floor boards open - and reveals right there:
text: BODIES. Bodies stacked side by side like cords of wood. Each
text: covered in Aickman’s necromantic engraving. Eyes staring wide
dialog: - because they have no eyelids.
text: Matt continues cutting and more bodies come tumbling out.
scene_heading: INT. DOWNSTAIRS - A BEAT LATER 166
text: The little kids are crying and Wendy’s pleading with
text: Matt/Jonah - He shoves them roughly out the door -
speaker_heading: MATT / JONAH
dialog: Whatever you do - don’t let them
text: put out the fire.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: But what about you?
text: For just a second - within the blackened grim face shines a
text: glimpse of the old Matt - and an almost smile -
dialog: 167
dialog: 168
dialog: 169
dialog: 170
dialog: 171
dialog: 99,
speaker_heading: MATT / JONAH
dialog: Don’t worry. They can’t hurt me.
dialog: I’m already dead.
text: He slams the door. Then turns with grim purpose back towards
dialog: the parlor.
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOUSE - CONTINUOUS 167
text: The kids beat at the door - calling to Matt. Wendy tries a
text: window. Locked.
scene_heading: EXT. CAR - NIGHT 168
text: In the car. Sara sobs and sobs. We can’t hear her. Just watch
text: her wracked body - and the O of her mouth as she moans.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - CONTINUOUS 169
text: She seems lost. Empty. The lowest we’ve seen her. Peter’s
text: turned a corner though. He takes her by the shoulders -
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: We'll find him.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: And then what? He’s -
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: We'll face that then. If nothing
dialog: else let him die in our arms,
text: instead of in a hospital bed.
dialog: We'll find him. And bring him home.
scene_heading: INT. THE HOUSE - CONTINUOUS 170
text: Matt/Jonah has barricaded the doors. Piling furniture and
text: anything that can move - in front of the doors.
text: From within we hear a pounding and ripping sound.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS 171
text: He’s ripping at the walls with the axe. Splintering the wood.
text: Breaking it apart. And as he does - we see:
text: More corpses. Embalmed and perfectly preserved - and covered
dialog: in Aickman’s engraved spells.
dialog: 172
dialog: 173
dialog: 100.
text: Twenty, thirty - more - they’re everywhere. Behind every wall
text: - beneath every floor board.
text: Everywhere he tears back the wall - there’s more dried -
text: engraved corpses.
text: The house is a living tomb - literally stuffed to the rafters
text: with all the bodies that have been stuffed in the place.
text: Jonah/Matt’s shaking hands finally succeed in lighting the
text: inside of the walls which begin to burn rapidly. Igniting
text: the dry corpses around them - filled with flammable embalming
text: chemicals - the bodies blaze like man-sized Duraflame logs.
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOUSE - PRE-DAWN 172
text: A police car pulls up as thick smoke pours off of the house
text: making it hard to see how much is burning.
text: Then Peter and Sara pull up. He runs out and tries to make
text: for the house. A cop puts a restraining arm on him -
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Let ‘em do their job. You’d only
dialog: endanger them and yourself.
text: Peter sees from out of the smoke.
speaker_heading: BILLY (0.S.)
dialog: Mom! Dad!
text: Wendy leads he and Mary out of the smoke.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Where’s Matt?
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Inside.
scene_heading: INT. PARLOUR - CONTINUOUS 173
text: Matt/Jonah has torn the stuffing out of all the furniture and
text: is thrusting it in with the corpses. He’s in the dark heart
text: of the house now.
text: His hands are weak and shaking. And he keeps convulsing and
text: shifting between Jonah and Matt. As he mumbles to himself
dialog: sometimes in one voice and sometimes in another -
text: Behind him - the whole house seems to be shifting - changing.
dialog: 174
speaker_heading: 173B
dialog: 101.
text: The room itself - the entire interior is changing - almost as
text: if becoming that same rotted meat that Matt once saw it as.
text: The floor splinters and rots before our eyes as if it were
text: all turning into something else. Walls now crumbling fetid
text: flesh; squirming maggots, like termites, fill the ‘wood’.
text: Matt/Jonah hurries to light his match, to set the pyre ablaze
text: before it becomes something else. And lights it. And sets a
text: furious blaze growing back there.
text: Matt/Jonah tosses things from the room into the blaze. Grabs
text: the box filled with photos and eyelids - opens it - scoops
text: them out and flings them into the fire - all of them.
text: The photos curl and blacken in the flames. And the eye lids
text: all burn to dust - and as they do:
text: The room begins to fill with people - we recognize many of
text: their faces from the old photos we’ve seen of the dead - as
text: all the souls - trapped in all the bodies in all the walls
text: and floors of the house now appear flickering between all the
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: states from their death to their embalming and engraving.
dialog: 
text: They are everywhere: coming down stairs - stepping out of
text: walls - rising from the floor - all headed for Matt/Jonah.
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOUSE - CONTINUOUS 174
text: Popescu’s old car arrives. The fireman are already there.
text: Popescu tries to calm Sara.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I don’t understand. You said it was
dialog: over!
speaker_heading: POPESCU
dialog: Matt's trying to end it now...
scene_heading: INT. PARLOR —- CONTINUOUS 173B
text: Our sight of Matt/Jonah is lost a beat amidst the shifting
text: flickering forms that crowd now around him - and the growing
text: flames of the burning room - but when we do see him we see:
text: He is dying.
speaker_heading: POPESCU (0.S.)
text: Trying to reach the heavens Aickman
dialog: created a hell of trapped souls.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: POPESCU (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Jonah felt responsible and he
dialog: waited all these years for someone
dialog: who might help him make it right -
dialog: someone who could free him - and
dialog: them. Someone like Matt...
text: In a room that seems at this instant to be made up of nearly
text: equal parts rotten meat and burning walls, crowded with
text: wailing ghosts pawing angrily all around him - his body is
text: wilting.
dialog: You can only run on dead man’s legs for so long.
scene_heading: 174B EXT. THE HOUSE - CONTINUOUS 174B
text: The weak older man is all that’s holding Sara up.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Matt. We’ve got to save him.
speaker_heading: POPESCU
dialog: Pray with me. Pray with me now.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: To who?
text: Fr. Popescu, not unfamiliar with Sara’s doubt, begins to
text: recite St. Michael's prayer anyway.
speaker_heading: POPESCU (CONT’D)
dialog: Saint Michael the Archangel, defend
dialog: us in battle. Be our protection
text: against the wickedness and snares
dialog: of the devil...
text: The firemen knock the door away - and when Sara looks up for
text: a moment she can see straight into the parlor - where,
text: through the dust and the flames - she sees Matt/Jonah covered
text: in soot and smoke - She doesn’t see the things that crowd all
text: around him - only sees him - rigid as if frozen and covered
text: in burnt flesh and soot.
text: Peter starts to run into the house but gets tackled by a cop -
text: another cop comes and they both hold Peter down.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: My Son’s in there for God's sake -
dialog: let me go!
text: For just an instant before he’s taken down he and Sara lock
text: eyes - He struggles harder - bringing more cops to wrestle
text: him to the ground - Which allows Sara to make a dash for the
dialog: house....
dialog: 103.
text: Sara runs straight at and into the house - past startled
text: firemen and cops too slow to stop a determined mother as the
text: very ceiling begins to collapse.
scene_heading: 175 INT. THE HOUSE - CONTINUOUS 175
text: As Sara runs in, the house falls down around her. Behind her
text: a beam collapses, blocking the entrance she came through.
text: She’s now trapped there too. She ducks her way into the
text: parlor where she sees with her own eyes what is happening:
text: She sees the walls torn open and filled with burning tattooed
text: corpses. She sees through the flames - and as she begins to
text: choke on the fumes - and weaken - she sees more - sees all
text: the hideous shapes and forms around - sees her dying son
text: trapped alone in a burning room filled with death.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Matt!
text: She throws herself straight through flame at Matt/Jonah and
text: grabs hold of her boy and pulls him to the ground - just as
text: the ceiling comes down - the two fall on the safe side of it -
text: but are trapped in a burning corner - under ceiling that
dialog: can’t last much longer.
text: She’s holding her son and that’s all that matters as she
text: rolls with him on the floor.
text: She drags him beneath the table - just as more of the ceiling
text: collapses and covers them in debris.
text: She looks down at her boy - who is out - possibly dead - but
text: sees Jonah’s horribly charred face-
text: Suddenly his eyes open. And look up at her - the saddest
dialog: expression in the world.
text: At first she recoils in horror - this is not her son - this
text: burnt battered flesh is someone else and someone else’s son.
text: But something in her just sees a child.
speaker_heading: SARA (CONT'D)
dialog: Here. I’m here. Momma’s here.
text: She brings her face down to his. Kissing the blackened skin.
text: Her tears spilling on his charred face. And when she looks
text: down at him - she can clearly see it is Matt’s face beneath
dialog: the ash.
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Oh Mattie. My Mattie.
text: More pieces of the ceiling collapse around them. They are
text: soon to be buried beneath burning beams. Sara looks around
text: frantically - for any way out - any chance of escape.
dialog: There is none.
text: She looks down at her son - his breathing grows lower and
text: lower. It seems he’s at the end.
text: She holds him to her and closes her eyes as fire and debris
text: rain down around them.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Our...our Father who art in heaven,
dialog: hallowed be thy name. Thy Kingdom
dialog: come. Thy will be done. On earth as
dialog: it is in heaven.
text: A huge CRASHING sound - and she holds him tighter - thinking
text: this is it for both of them... Flames rise all around them...
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: ...though I walk through the Valley
dialog: of the Shadow of Death...
text: A faint voice joins her...
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (weakly)
dialog: I will fear no evil...
text: She looks down and sees Matt looking back at her.
speaker_heading: SARA & MATT
dialog: ...for Thou art with me...
text: Just then a chunk of the wall gives way and a huge spray of
text: water shoots in from the outside - forcing the flames back.
text: Arms suddenly grab both of them - It’s Peter and a fireman
text: who together pull them out to the air.
text: We are left for a second still in the burning room - and as
text: it completely fills with smoke and flame it seems we can hear
text: a faint voice continuing...
speaker_heading: JONAH (0.S.)
dialog: -..and I shall dwell in the house
dialog: of the Lord for ever.
speaker_heading: 174C
speaker_heading: 2B
dialog: 105.
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOUSE - CONTINUOUS 174C
text: As the hose blasts away the ash and char we see Matt - not
text: Matt/Jonah - just Matt. And he looks better than we have seen
text: him look so far. Eyes bright. Skin clear. He looks damn good.
dialog: Especially for a dead boy.
text: It’s impossible - no burns - no wounds - and no signs of
text: either the disease or the cure or anything he’s been through.
text: He looks practically pink and new as the day he was born.
text: Old Popescu sees this and falls to his knees in prayer.
text: And as all three of them reach the lawn they are mobbed with
text: joy by Wendy and the kids.
text: Peter then puts his arm around his son and they hug. Then
text: they look up at the pre-dawn sky, still full of stars.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: They don’t look dead to me.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: No. They got plenty of life left.
dialog: Millions of years of life.
text: Behind them - sections of the house collapse as the firemen
text: pour water at it.
text: The blasts of water and wind send debris churning out into
text: the street and into the gutters. And the water that pours
text: down the edge of the street carries odd horrifying bits of
dialog: the nightmare that reigned inside:
text: Skulls, charred bones, fragments of drawings and photographs
text: glowing with ash and a half burned stuffed animal, it’s
text: button-eye still hanging by a thread, all flow down the
text: gutter towards a storm drain sewer.
speaker_heading: SARA (0.S.)
dialog: I don’t really care if people don’t
dialog: believe.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
text: That Documentary-style silhouette of Sara talking. 2B
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: SARA (CONT'D)
dialog: I know what happened. The doctors
dialog: and nurses know. My family knows.
dialog: And my son’s alive. And well. And
dialog: that’s all that matters. They do
dialog: say the Lord works in mysterious
dialog: ways. But they never warn you just
dialog: how mysterious those ways really
dialog: are.
dialog: (straight to camera)
dialog: Consider yourself warned.
text: FADE TO BLACK AND...
speaker_heading: ROLL SUPER:
dialog: Matt Campbell was found to be a
dialog: completely healthy, normal
dialog: teenager.
dialog: His cancer has never reappeared.
dialog: The case is recorded in Connecticut
dialog: hospital records as a rare case of
text: ‘spontaneous remission.’
text: The Aickman house has been rebuilt,
dialog: restored, and resold. No subsequent
dialog: occupants have complained of any
text: disturbing manifestations.
dialog: 
