dialog: 
scene_heading: THE BIG WHITE
dialog: Written by
dialog: Collin Friesen
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - WINTER DAY
text: A police car, nothing more than a speck on the landscape, is intermittently
text: visible through the blowing snow.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE CAR - SAME
text: A CORPORAL (20s), behind the wheel, with a bored DETECTIVE BOYLE (60s)
text: at his side.
speaker_heading: CORPORAL
text: So his hand is like, off, right. So he puts on a
text: tourniquet, puts the hand in his pocket, walks five
text: miles through the bush til he gets to the highway,
text: where he passes out, on the road, right. Then this
text: logging truck comes along...
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE BOYLE
dialog: (looking ahead)
dialog: Hey.
text: The Corporal looks forward.
text: CAR'S POV: Through the windshield of a WOMAN (40s), dressed in her
text: pajamas and a parka, skipping down the middle of the road.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD
text: The police car pulls to a stop, just as the woman does a pirouette and falls
text: over backwards.
text: Detective Boyle and the other Cop get out and walk over.
speaker_heading: CORPORAL
dialog: (into his radio)
dialog: Dispatch, this is unit 611, we need a first
dialog: responsder --
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE BOYLE
dialog: Cancel that.
text: The Woman kicks up a leg, wiggles her foot.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE BOYLE (cont'd)
dialog: I know where she belongs.
text: As they lift her up...
scene_heading: 1 INT. INSIDE A TRASH DUMPSTER - LATE AFTERNOON 1
text: The dumpster lid opens on a bitterly cold, gray winter's day in an Alaskan city. A
text: chunky, shivering HAIR STYLIST with jet black bangs shakes out a box of
dialog: conditioning samples.
speaker_heading: HAIR STYLIST
dialog: (to someone O.S.)
text: She says "I haven't eaten all day," then, right there on
text: the bus she pulls out this, like, salmon steak and
dialog: I'm...
scene_heading: 2 INT. INSIDE A TRASH DUMPSTER - LATE AFTERNOON 2
text: The dumpster lid BANGS shut, reopens a beat later. A moment of calm until
text: two garbage bags SLAM against the inside of the lid. It falls shut with a CLANG.
scene_heading: 3 EXT. TRASH DUMPSTER - NIGHT 3
text: The lid reopens. Night time now, as a street lamp BUZZES to life. A middle
text: aged MAN in work clothes checks to make sure he's alone. He gently lowers
text: the lid, opens it again a moment later, this time balancing a mini-bar fridge on
text: his shoulder. He dumps the appliance into the bin and runs off.
scene_heading: 4 INT. INSIDE A TRASH DUMPSTER - NIGHT 4
text: The lid reopens. SIRENS off in the distance...
speaker_heading: MEN'S VOICES (O.S.)
dialog: One, two, three... up.
text: The lifeless body of a fair-sized man comes CRASHING into the garbage.
text: SIRENS closer. A man seen only in silhouette leans in to pull some garbage
text: over the corpse. A second man looks in, then pulls the first man away.
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE
dialog: We'll get him later. C'mon.
text: The lid drops.
scene_heading: 5 EXT. TRASH DUMPSTER - MORNING 5
text: Black. The dumpster reopens. Morning now. A Korean-American TEENAGER
text: wearing an apron and headphones sings along to an old KISS tune as he
text: deposits two large orange garbage bags.
speaker_heading: TEENAGER
dialog: "...Get up, everybody's gonna move their feet, get
dialog: down, everybody's gonna leave their seat...gonna
dialog: lose your mind in..."
text: He shuts the lid with care. Black.
scene_heading: 6 EXT. CITY STREET - DAY 6
text: A cookie-cutter subdivision. Old pine trees poke through the snow cover that
text: blankets the neighborhood. HOWARD (30s), a burly outdoors type, is trying to
text: unload a new snowmobile from the back of his pickup. TED WATTERS (late
text: 20s) half hidden under a heavy dress coat, walks down the street. He stops by
text: Howard's driveway.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Need a hand?
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: (turning)
dialog: Yeah. Could ya grab me those two by eights?
text: Ted walks up the driveway, grabs the wood slats, makes a ramp by leaning
text: them against the rear bumper.
speaker_heading: HOWARD (cont'd)
dialog: Thanks.
text: Howard maneuvers the snowmobile down the ramp, his back turned toward
text: Ted -- who has taken out a small cam-corder and is taping Howard.
speaker_heading: HOWARD (cont'd)
dialog: I tell ya, it may look fast but it sure ain't light. You the
dialog: guy who just moved in to the Stevens old house?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: No. Name's Ted.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Hey Ted, I'm Howard.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Hey Howard. What is that, an Arctic Cat? What do
dialog: those go for?
scene_heading: 7 P.O.V. CAMCORDER VIEW FINDER 7
text: Howard finally has the snowmobile on the ground. He's breathing heavy as he
text: pulls off his mitt to shake hands.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: More than I could normally afford, I'll tell ya.
dialog: (seeing the camera)
dialog: Hey! What do you think you're you doing?
text: As Ted and Howard continue to talk, we PULL BACK to reveal we are watching
text: Ted's video playing on a VCR that is --
scene_heading: 8 INT. INSURANCE OFFICE / COMMON AREA - DAY 8
text: A group of office WORKERS look on, very much impressed, as a stunned
text: Howard stares at the camera.
speaker_heading: TED (O.S.)
dialog: Howard, you seem like a reasonable kind of guy.
dialog: Lets you and me talk.
text: TIGHT ON: WATTERS at his nearby cubicle, typing frenetically on his computer.
text: At first, he appears to be working, until we realize that on his computer screen
text: pixilated Zombies die in silent anguish beneath an unholy hail of bullets. A
text: Miami Dolphins sticker is the sole cubicle decoration.
text: As the tape finishes, a smattering of APPLAUSE from his colleagues. Ted
text: gives a small wave over the cubicle wall.
speaker_heading: TED (cont'd)
dialog: Thank you. Just happy to give something back to
dialog: Liberty Capital...
dialog: (to himself - bitter)
dialog: After all they've done for me.
scene_heading: 9 INT. INSURANCE OFFICE / COMMON AREA - DAY 9
text: CAM (30s), Native-American Alaskan walks over. Ted immediately hits a key
text: that turns the screen to a spread-sheet.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: That was really cool. It was like... watching "Cops".
speaker_heading: TED
text: He was pretty spry for a man with a herniated disc.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: You know, I don't want to bitch or anything, but you
dialog: were supposed to take me along on that one.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Couldn't find you.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: I know you know this, but the sooner they think I can
dialog: handle calls on my own, the sooner they'll kick you
text: back down south.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I've been hearing that for 13 months and six days,
text: Cam. After a while, it gets a little old.
dialog: (off Cam's look)
dialog: Next time, okay.
text: Good enough. Cam moves off. Back to the zombie blood bath. The phone
text: RINGS. Ted picks up, his eyes never wavering from the gore intensive
text: computer game.
speaker_heading: TED (cont'd)
dialog: Claims, Ted Watters. Sure.
text: A final key stroke separates one last zombie from its entrails.
scene_heading: 10 INT. INSURANCE OFFICE / BRANCH'S OFFICE - MOMENTS LATER 10
scene_heading: TIGHT ON: A MOUNTED SALMON
text: We PULL BACK to see the walls lined with souvenirs of a life spent on the
dialog: edge of the wilderness; citations from the Rotarians, pictures of sponsored
dialog: hockey teams... We are --
text: FRANK BRANCH (50s), a mid-level management type sits across from PAUL
text: BARNELL (40s), a mild-mannered everyman wrapped in a cheap suit. Paul
text: takes in the display. The two men sit in silence, smiling politely at one another.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: That's... quite the fish.
text: Branch is about to answer when Ted enters with a slim file.
speaker_heading: BRANCH
dialog: Paul Barnell, Ted Watters.
text: Handshakes. Paul makes steady eye contact. Ted notices.
speaker_heading: BRANCH (cont'd)
dialog: Mr. Barnell wants to talk to us about his brother's life
dialog: insurance policy.
text: Ted sits and flips open the file.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Raymond, isn't it?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Yes, Raymond. You see, as I've already explained to
dialog: Mr. Branch, he's been gone for five years now, and I
dialog: thought it might be time to... move on.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: By move on you mean...?
speaker_heading: BRANCH
dialog: ...cash in Raymond's policy.
text: Ted smiles to himself.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I just thought, well, it's pretty unlikely he's still alive.
dialog: My Dad always wanted us to be able to look after
dialog: each other if anything should ever happen. And to
dialog: be frank, money's a little --
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I understand Mr. Barnell, but here's the thing. With no
dialog: actual body, under Alaskan statutes a person must
dialog: be missing for seven years before he or she can be
dialog: legally declared dead and that's not withstanding an
dialog: investigation period where concerned parties can
dialog: take up to another year to file interventions
dialog: concerning the motion. So, even though your
dialog: brother's status is undetermined at this point, there's
dialog: really very little we can do for you.
text: Ted flips the file shut. Case closed. Branch, not entirely happy with Ted's
text: demeanor, forces a smile.
speaker_heading: BRANCH
dialog: Of course we are extremely sorry for your loss.
text: Branch looks at Ted. Ted turns to Paul.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Oh, absolutely.
scene_heading: 11 EXT. STRIP MALL - NIGHT 11
text: The city skyline rises in the distance as heat vents belch steam against the
text: rapidly setting sun. But that's miles away. Here on the outskirts is a rapidly
text: failing five store strip mall; a "Porn-a-copia" XXX Video store, hair stylist,
text: small engine repair shop, fish and chips joint and the "Barnell Great Escapes"
text: travel agency. We might notice a big trash dumpster in the corner. Paul's car,
text: a Ford Taurus, pulls onto the parking pad.
scene_heading: 12 INT. PAUL'S CAR - CONTINUOUS 12
text: Paul driving, talking on his cell phone and balancing a big non-spill metallic
text: travel coffee mug at the same time.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Hang on, hang on. First off, how did you get my cell
dialog: number? (Beat) Because it's for mechanical and
dialog: medical emergencies only.
text: Paul, wound up, taps his brakes too hard. His mug falls, the lid pops and the
text: coffee proceeds to soak a stack of papers.
speaker_heading: PAUL (cont'd)
dialog: Great.
dialog: (back into phone)
dialog: No, I'm not... I just... give me a second here.
text: Paul parks his car, gathers the soggy papers and gets out.
scene_heading: 13 EXT. STRIP MALL 13
text: Paul, still on the phone, carries the papers to the dumpster.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Yes, and that check went out a week ago. I watched
dialog: my secretary write it up.
scene_heading: 14 EXT. INSIDE THE DUMPSTER 14
text: Black. Paul opens the lid. The phone is cradled in his neck, he checks each
text: soggy page to make sure he's not tossing anything important.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Well I don't know. I, I, I have no clue. Could it
dialog: possibly be a problem on your end? So the electric
dialog: company never makes a... Look, I pay my bills. I'm a
dialog: Rotarian for goodness --
text: Paul looks over to see some MEN from Rodney's Repo Ranch walking up to
text: the front door of his office. Distracted for a moment, the phone slips and falls
text: into the trash.
text: Paul, muttering, leans in to get it. He pushes aside an orange garbage bag,
text: guided by the faint sound of the other person STILL TALKING. And then--
text: PAUL'S POV: of THE BODY-- a 40-ish White (well, a little blue) male dressed in
text: a cheap suit. Paul's phone lies across the corpse's mouth, like the dead guy is
dialog: talking.
speaker_heading: THE CELL PHONE
dialog: Mr. Barnell? Mr. Barnell?
scene_heading: 15 EXT. PARKING AREA / STRIP MALL 15
text: A SHOUT as Paul jumps back from the dumpster. The lid CRASHES down as
text: he scrambles/slides away. He takes a moment to compose himself, then
text: realizes his phone is still in there.
text: He opens the dumpster lid and very quickly reaches in, grabs his cell and
text: hurries off. The lid CRASHES shut.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (into the phone)
dialog: Hello?
text: Hung up. Paul dials 911, looks back at the dumpster, thinks for a second, then
text: hits END. He stands there, thinking.
scene_heading: A15 INT. "BARNELL GREAT ESCAPES TRAVEL" - LATER A15
text: Paul back in his office, staring out the window with a perfect view of the
text: dumpster. He can't take his eyes off it.
text: Behind him, the Repo-Men are picking up a newish computer monitor and
text: walking toward the door. He's oblivious.
text: At the sound of a TRUCK, his head snaps around. It's a garbage truck, but
text: instead of heading to the dumpster, it rumbles past on the road. That's all it
dialog: takes.
scene_heading: B15 EXT. PARKING AREA / STRIP MALL - MOMENTS LATER B15
text: Paul backs his Ford Taurus up to the dumpster, pops the trunk, checks to
text: make sure he's alone then steps up on the rear bumper, opens the lid and
text: clambers inside.
scene_heading: 16 INT. INSIDE A FRIDGE - LATER 16
text: Black. The fridge door opens, the light revealing several cans of pop and beer
text: in the foreground. Behind the
text: beverages, a garage where Paul struggles with the lifeless body. He props the
text: man against the hood of his car, gives him a quick once over, pockets, obvious
text: wounds. Nothing.
text: Paul moves to the fridge, starts to pull things out.
scene_heading: 17 INT. ATTACHED SUBURBAN GARAGE - CONTINUOUS 17
text: Jodie, an annoyingly small dog, enters the garage from the house and starts
text: sniffing around the body. A new chew toy!
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (at the sound)
dialog: Jodie, no! Not for dogs!
text: He SHOOS the dog back into the house. Paul moves back to the fridge, opens
text: the door and, with great effort picks up the dead man and tries to stuff him
dialog: inside. Only problem...
text: The man's legs don't want to fit. Paul leans down and grabs an uncooperative
text: appendage. He grits his teeth, looks away as he kicks at the knee. It SNAPS
dialog: sideways.
text: Paul fights nausea. But with the leg now out of joint, the man fits. Paul,
text: breathing heavy, leans against the door.
speaker_heading: PAUL (cont'd)
dialog: OK then. OK.
text: He packs in the remaining space with beer and pop bottles. Then, just before
text: he shuts the door, Paul reaches in and sets the fridge temperature from 1 to 9
dialog: (the coldest setting).
text: A padlock and chain come from the base of a propane BBQ. It goes around the
text: fridge, the lock SNAPS it in place. Paul spots some leftover drink cans. He
text: kicks them to the corner and walks into the house, trying to sound casual.
speaker_heading: PAUL (cont'd)
dialog: Hey Honey. Any mail?
scene_heading: 18 EXT. CITY ROADWAY - EVENING 18
text: Ted drives home through a wooded section of town.
scene_heading: A18 INT. TED'S CAR - CONTINUOUS A18
text: Ted checks out various radio stations, hating everything. He lands on one
text: playing "Escape (The piña Colada Song)" when he looks up and suddenly
text: jams on the brakes.
scene_heading: B18 EXT. ROADWAY B18
text: Ted car slides toward a moose that has wandered into the middle of the road.
text: The car stops about five feet away.
text: The moose looks at Ted. Ted looks back, wondering what he ever did to
text: deserve the life he's stuck with. After a moment, the moose lumbers off. Ted
text: drives on.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: C18 INT TED'S APARTMENT - NIGHT C18
text: TIGHT ON: A COMPUTER SCREEN where swirling signs of the Zodiac act as a
text: screen saver. PULL BACK TO REVEAL we are --
text: A telephone cord runs from the computer to the headset of TIFFANY (20s), pert,
text: smart and dressed in a tight University of Alaska T-shirt. Tiffany sits with her
text: feet up on the desk as she flips through a copy of "Cosmo".
text: It's a medium sized apartment, littered with guy stuff although bowing to
text: advancing signs of feminine influence.
text: The phone RINGS. Tiffany hits the space bar. The caller's number flashes on
text: screen. By the second ring, an electronic timer kicks in and a complete file on
text: the caller appears with name, address, background, pets... She smiles, hits
dialog: "enter."
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: (into her headset)
dialog: Psychic Pals. How are you today... Mr. Williams?
dialog: (pause - she listens)
dialog: Well, we are all registered psychics here. I just had
dialog: a feeling you'd be calling. What's up?
text: A KEY IN THE DOOR. A tired Ted walks inside.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Hey Tiff.
text: Tiffany looks up, then holds up a file folder with the words "WORKING -
text: SHHHHHH!" in big black letters.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: (to caller)
dialog: Your TV remote control? Okay.
text: Ted SIGHS, gives her a quick peck on the cheek as he wrestles off his winter
text: gear and heads to the kitchen.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY (cont'd)
dialog: I need you to clear your mind...
text: Ted looks into the fridge, making up new words to the song "Escape."
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: "If you like frozen enchiladas, getting caught in the
dialog: rain. If you're not into...something brownish."
text: Ted pulls out some Tupperware, tries to figure out what's in it. Tiffany, still
text: wearing her headset, appears behind him, grabs a Diet Coke from the fridge
text: and kisses him on the cheek.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
text: It's stew. I'm not sure it's still good.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Aren't you with a customer?
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: They're concentrating.
text: Ted grabs a fork, takes the pot and sits at the table. Tiffany goes back to her
text: desk and flips through her magazine.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (through a mouthful of food)
dialog: So? How's the tea leaf business today?
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: I've decided from now on to ignore you when you're
dialog: ignorant about my work. And it's going very well
dialog: thank you.
dialog: (reconnecting to the caller)
dialog: Mr. Williams, I'm seeing sofa cushions. Do you have
dialog: a sofa? Good. Glad I could help.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: You here from that software distributor guy?
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: No, but I did crack that code problem. You know how
dialog: sometimes when you're running Beta versions you --
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: English, please.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: There was a boo-boo, but I fixed it.
dialog: (another call comes in)
dialog: Psychic Pals, how are you today, Carol? Now I
dialog: thought we'd agreed God is everywhere, but not
dialog: specifically in your coffee pot.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Jeez, Tiff.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: Jeez, Ted. Do I tell you how to do your job?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (kidding... kind of)
dialog: No, but then again I'm not a computer aided pseudo
dialog: psychic, so if you're looking for moral equivalence...
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: Before you say anything else that may keep us from
dialog: having sex ever again, let me ask you something...
text: She picks up her magazine.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Tiff, please. I always get these wrong.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: That's why we keep trying. Now, Love is Sacrifice
dialog: test.
dialog: (reading)
dialog: If you were in a life raft with me and there was only
dialog: enough water --
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Don't you have a customer?
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: (to the caller)
dialog: Carol? God says he's busy with a famine right now,
dialog: but you should keep praying. Cool.
text: She hangs up. Turns back to Ted, about to pick up where she left off...
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: No. I'm not doing it.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: It's just a stupid quiz.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Exactly.
text: The PHONE RINGS. Tiffany bolts to her desk, sits, spins in her chair as she
text: answers the call.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: Psychic Pals. Is this the first time you've called us
dialog: Mrs...?
text: Tiffany at her computer, enters the name "Margaret Barnell" into her database.
text: Tiffany works a "mute" button as she points back to the magazine.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY (cont'd)
dialog: But stupid quizzes can be illustrative of potential
dialog: relationship problems.
dialog: (to her caller)
dialog: Margaret, I'm getting the feeling this is an anxious
dialog: day for you.
text: Ted, cooking pot in hand, walks over to her desk.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Our only relationship problem is you're running a
dialog: $1.99 a minute carny scam out of my living room.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: Don't call it a scam.
dialog: (to the caller - startled)
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: You've got to learn to channel that rage, Margaret.
dialog: (to Ted - playful)
dialog: You didn't just call this your living room, did you?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I meant ours. Ours, ours, ours.
text: Tiffany returns to her call, but keeps looking at Ted.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: I feel someone you really care about, maybe even
dialog: the love of your life, is being a real pain. Now I need
dialog: you to concentrate...
text: Ted pretends to do just that, drawing a giggle from Tiffany before he walks off.
scene_heading: 22 INT. "BARNELL GREAT ESCAPES TRAVEL" - MORNING 22
text: Paul tries to open the front door, but finds it blocked by a small pile of snow.
text: Three good yanks and it finally opens. He enters the shop.
text: Faded travel posters cover the walls. AVIS (40s), a career office gal, smiles at
text: her boss as she assembles a life-size stand-up cardboard display for Aloha
text: Airlines. It features a
text: dark Hawaiian beauty holding a softball sized sea shell. The shell juts out of
text: the display giving it a 3-D quality.
speaker_heading: AVIS
dialog: Morning Mr. Barnell. Coffee?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Thanks Avis. Looks good.
text: Paul, shivering, hangs up his coat as Avis picks up a promotional Aloha Air
text: surfboard (the old display) and walks it to the back.
speaker_heading: PAUL (cont'd)
dialog: Was November this bad last year?
speaker_heading: AVIS (O.S.)
dialog: Well if we didn't have the weather what would we talk
dialog: about? Did you send the computer back?
text: Paul moves to his desk.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Yeah, it was not working. Any calls?
speaker_heading: AVIS (O.S.)
dialog: Just that fellow from Municipal Power and Electric. I
dialog: told him you sent the check in weeks ago, but some
dialog: people don't like to listen.
text: Paul turns to look at the snow covered empty parking lot, then at a photo of his
text: wife Margaret on his desk. He mentally gathers himself.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Something... strange happened last night Avis.
speaker_heading: AVIS (O.S.)
dialog: What was that?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Did... you ever meet my brother Raymond?
speaker_heading: AVIS (O.S.)
dialog: The one who went missing?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Uh huh. Well anyway last night there's a knock on
text: the door and there's Raymond, just... standing there
text: on the doorstep.
text: Avis arrives with the coffee and the mail.
speaker_heading: AVIS
dialog: Didn't you have him declared...?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Dead? No. I mean, they said he hadn't been gone
dialog: long enough.
speaker_heading: AVIS
dialog: (smiling warmly)
dialog: Good thing in hindsight.
text: Paul puts the mail down on the desk and start to flip through it. Lots of bills,
text: most marked past due. He finds a "pre- approved" credit card application, sets
text: it to one side.
speaker_heading: AVIS (cont'd)
dialog: So where was he all these years?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Lower 48. Said he wanted to get away from the cold.
speaker_heading: AVIS
dialog: Where 'bouts?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (looking up)
dialog: Sorry, what was that?
speaker_heading: AVIS
dialog: Where was he living?
text: Paul, a flash of panic, looks over at the Hawaii display. He keys on the shell.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Florida.
speaker_heading: AVIS
dialog: I've got an aunt down there. Where 'bouts?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (blanking)
dialog: A uh... small place. By the beach.
speaker_heading: AVIS
dialog: Well that's great. You and Mrs. Barnell will have
dialog: some company for a bit I guess. How is she?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Better, a little better. Some days are better than
dialog: others.
scene_heading: 23 INT. BARNELL HOME - DAY 23
text: MARGARET BARNELL (early 40s) stands in a plush bathrobe and slippers.
text: Despite her casual attire she is immaculately made up as she walks to the
text: front door, opening it on -- a young wholesome PAPERBOY smiling through the
dialog: cold.
speaker_heading: PAPERBOY
text: Collecting, Mrs. Barnell.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: Daniel, you pussy little cocksucker. I'll get my purse.
text: The paperboy, unfazed, smiles as Margaret walks off.
speaker_heading: PAPERBOY
dialog: It's 12 dollars. I missed you last time.
speaker_heading: MARGARET (O.S.)
dialog: Jerk off... OK, jerk off, uhhuh...
text: Margaret gives the paperboy his money, the stamp card plus a dollar tip, then
text: tweaks his nose. Twice.
speaker_heading: MARGARET (cont'd)
dialog: You say hi to your slut Mom for me?
speaker_heading: PAPERBOY
dialog: Sure will. Thanks.
text: He trots down the walk as Margaret shuts the door.
scene_heading: 24 EXT. INSIDE A TRASH DUMPSTER - NIGHT 24
text: The lid opens. GARY and JIMBO (30s), check to insure they're not being
text: watched. Gary, slightly effeminate, leans into the bin and BURROWS through
text: the garbage. Jimbo, a bear of man, keeps watch. He's nervous, a little out of
dialog: sorts.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: I thought stuff didn't smell when it was frozen? I
dialog: don't know why we have to--
speaker_heading: JIMBO
dialog: Dave wants visual confirmation, he gets visual
dialog: confirmation. We have a chance to move up here,
dialog: so let's just--
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Like the guy's not gonna end up in a land- fill,
dialog: anyway. You ever ask Dave what he did?
speaker_heading: JIMBO
dialog: Whatever it was, he told him if he did it again, he'd
text: snap his neck.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Whoops, he did it again.
dialog: (off Jimbo not getting it)
dialog: The song? From that girl?
text: No response. Gary, HUMMING now, keeps digging, finding nothing.
speaker_heading: GARY (cont'd)
dialog: So how'd it feel? I mean, not when you did it, but,
dialog: like now?
speaker_heading: JIMBO
dialog: I don't want to talk about it.
text: Gary hops inside as his actions become more frantic. Still no luck. He stands.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Not here.
text: Jimbo glares at his partner.
speaker_heading: GARY (cont'd)
dialog: Serious. He's gone. Maybe he wasn't...
speaker_heading: JIMBO
dialog: Don't even joke. Maybe the trash was emptied.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Looks pretty full. Hey...
dialog: (ducking down)
dialog: There's a little fridge down here.
dialog: (standing)
dialog: If we would have shot him at least we'd know for
dialog: sure.
speaker_heading: JIMBO
dialog: I was following orders. And if you hadn't started a
dialog: screaming match, no one would have called the
dialog: cops and we wouldn't have had to dump his --
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Fine. Sorry.
speaker_heading: JIMBO
dialog: Fine.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: I'm just saying... maybe you didn't break it all the way.
speaker_heading: JIMBO
dialog: (walking away)
dialog: It was broken.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: I'm just saying... maybe it was like hypothermia and
text: he just looked dead.
speaker_heading: JIMBO
dialog: It - was - BROKEN!
text: Gary, embarrassed, digs in the trash with his feet.
scene_heading: 25 INT. GARAGE - CONTINUOUS 25
text: Margaret, still in her bathrobe, walks to the fridge. As she puts her hand on the
text: latch, she notices the pile of pop cans on the floor.
text: She tugs on the door. It opens just a crack before the chain stops it. The
text: frozen head peeks through the slight gap.
text: Margaret SIGHS, tries to push the fridge door closed, but the body is in the way.
text: She gives the door a hip check. The door latches shut while something frozen
text: and brittle inside CRACKS. Margaret, oblivious, walks away.
scene_heading: 26 INT. KITCHEN OVEN 26
text: A chicken sits in a pan, the rest of the room visible behind it through the oven
text: door window.
speaker_heading: MARGARET (O.S.)
dialog: Paul? Why is the fridge in the garage chained shut?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: How's my Angel tonight?
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: Blow me. Dinner's almost ready. You feel like some
dialog: wine? I feel like some wine.
text: Paul walks to the oven, opens the door and pats the chicken. Stone cold.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Sweetie, here's a crazy thought... I don't feel like
dialog: chicken tonight, why don't we order in?
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: Fuck it, okay.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: There's actually something we need to talk about.
text: It's about Raymond. He's back.
text: Paul smiles bravely as he shuts the oven door. Behind the chicken, Margaret
text: doesn't look happy as Paul starts to explain. She rushes from the room.
scene_heading: 27/28 TIGHT ON: TV SCREEN 27/28
text: Home video of RAYMOND (then early 30s), fat, physically imposing and the only
text: person not in festive tropical gear, standing in a VFW hall decorated in a
dialog: Caribbean theme. (He is definitely not the same person Paul has cooling in the
text: fridge.) A large banner behind him proclaims "HAPPY 10TH ANNIVERSARY -
scene_heading: BON VOYAGE."
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: (a little drunk)
dialog: Okay, I never thought it would last this long, but
dialog: seeing as how it has... There ya go. Let me just say
dialog: that my brother, old "Puddles McBarnesy" did better
dialog: than he should have.
text: A younger, somewhat tipsy Paul comes into frame, puts an arm around his
text: brother and smiles.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: What'cha saying there Raymond? Wha'cha saying
dialog: 'bout me?
text: Raymond shakes his brother's arm off his shoulder.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Enough, OK?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (sing-songy)
dialog: Ray's a little jeallllllllous. This is the one that got
dialog: away, right Ray?
text: The crowd LAUGHS as Paul reaches over and musses up his brother's hair.
text: Raymond, furious, grabs his brother by the lapels and throws him roughly to
text: the floor. The laughter stops.
speaker_heading: MARGARET (O.S.)
dialog: Leave him alone, ball licker!
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: And shut that thing --
text: The screen turns to snow. We are...
text: Paul at his desk, watching the video on a small TV in the wall unit. He turns his
text: attention to a large cardboard box filled with documents, souvenirs, old report
dialog: cards...
text: On the TV playing behind him (the second part of the tape), Margaret is pictured
text: on a cruise ship, sunning herself. Paul, obviously behind the camera, watches
text: as Margaret takes a tropical drink from a WAITER'S tray, who promptly dumps it
text: all over her. But instead of the expected burst of profanity, Margaret just
speaker_heading: LAUGHS.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: That's okay, don't worry about it.
dialog: (as the waiter walks off)
dialog: I'd like the next one in a cup, please.
text: Paul puts aside a faded hotel postcard from Hawaii and digs out an insurance
text: policy out of the box. On the last page is a list of the payouts. Loss of a limb:
text: $100,000. Loss of thumb: $5,000. Accidental death: $1,000,000.
text: And, as an extra bonus, Raymond's birth certificate. Perfect. Paul takes out the
text: credit card application from work, and starts to write...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Raymond... Barnell.
scene_heading: 29 EXT. TOBOGGANING HILL - LATE AFTERNOON 29
text: LAUGHING children on toboggans, inner tubes and discarded cardboard
text: boxes slide down a snow covered hill against a slate gray sky. It's an isolated
text: area on the outskirts of the city.
scene_heading: 30 INT. GARY AND JIMBO'S CAR - CONTINUOUS 30
text: Gary and Jimbo sit in their car in the parking area.
speaker_heading: JIMBO
dialog: Which one's your sister's kid?
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: See the one on the little bike-thing? Him.
speaker_heading: JIMBO
dialog: (hesitant)
dialog: You been alright with this?
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: The thing with the guy? Ya know, I thought it might
dialog: kinda mess me up...
speaker_heading: JIMBO
dialog: First time for both of us.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: ...but I've been sleeping really well.
speaker_heading: JIMBO
dialog: Yeah. 'Course, you didn't actually...
text: Jimbo mimics snapping someone's neck. It's clearly not a gesture he enjoys.
text: As Gary looks at him, a Cadillac pulls up beside them. Behind the wheel is
text: DAVE (50s) well dressed, in a thuggish kinda way. Jimbo and Gary share a
text: nervous look.
scene_heading: 31 EXT. TOP OF THE HILL - CONTINUOUS 31
text: About 50 yards away from the two cars, Gary's NEPHEW is having his
text: Snowrider (a tricycle with skis instead of wheels) hijacked by a playground
text: BULLY in a red parka. A tug o' war for the toy ensues as Gary and Jimbo get
text: out of their car.
speaker_heading: NEPHEW
dialog: Leggo... it's mine. Uncle Gary!
scene_heading: 32 EXT. PARKING AREA 32
text: Gary and Jimbo are leaning close to the Cadillac's open window. Dave does
text: not look happy.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: (to Jimbo)
dialog: Wait a minute. He's disappeared?
text: Gary waves to his nephew.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: You just... hang in there, Billy!
speaker_heading: JIMBO
dialog: Yeah. But he's dead. I mean, that part, no question.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Yeah? Take off your coat. And your shirt, too.
text: Jimbo knows better than to argue. He strips down, exposing his corpulent
text: middle-aged belly to the chilly winter winds.
speaker_heading: JIMBO
dialog: I'm not wearing a wire, Dave, if that's what this is
dialog: about.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: It was our first time. No one gets it perfect their first
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: You too, Sweetie.
text: Gary is about to comply when the sound of a FIGHT on the tobogganing hill
text: causes them all to look over, just in time to see GARY'S NEPHEW shoved to
text: ground. The Bully LAUGHS as he slides away.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Excuse me for a second.
text: Gary trots toward the hill. Jimbo can't believe it.
speaker_heading: JIMBO
dialog: Gary! We're in the middle of something.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: (calling back)
dialog: Hey, I'm supposed to be looking after him.
text: Jimbo turns back to Dave, shrugging sheepishly.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Is he...?
speaker_heading: JIMBO
dialog: He's fine. Look, we can take you there right now.
dialog: We'll show you.
text: Behind them on the hill, Gary tries to retrieve his nephew's Snowrider from the
text: Bully. He is failing.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Show me what? An empty trash dumpster? It was
dialog: supposed to look like an accident. I was hoping to
dialog: see it in the paper. So help me, if this guy pops up
dialog: somewhere...
text: While Jimbo does his best to stay warm, behind him on the hill, Gary can only
text: watch as the Bully slides away.
speaker_heading: BULLY
dialog: (echoing in the cold)
dialog: Fag! Big homo!
speaker_heading: JIMBO
dialog: He won't. He can't. He's --
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Proof, Jimbo. I like to know my money's well spent.
dialog: You got a week.
text: Dave drives off as Gary walks over with his SNIFFLING nephew.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Slippery little sucker. You mind if we stop at a toy
dialog: store on the way back?
speaker_heading: 33 OMITTED 33
scene_heading: A 33 INT. BARNELL HOME / BEDROOM - NIGHT A 33
text: HIGH ANGLE ON: Paul and Margaret in bed. Margaret takes up more than her
text: share of the bed, her arm tossed over her husband. Paul, on his third of the
text: bed, looks as if he's lying in state. But Paul's not sleeping.
scene_heading: 34 EXT. BARNELL HOME - MORNING 34
text: A newspaper clears the "For Sale - price reduced!" sign on the front lawn and
text: lands with a THUD on the steps.
scene_heading: 35 INT. GARAGE - CONTINUOUS 35
text: Paul has the "Morning News" on the hood of his car. He looks over at the
text: fridge, still padlocked.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Let's see if anyone's missing you.
text: He flips through each section. There's nothing. Paul walks to the fridge.
speaker_heading: PAUL (cont'd)
dialog: (to the corpse)
dialog: I don't know what kind of man let's himself just
dialog: freeze to death in the trash, but I was never one to
dialog: preach. Way I see it, you've probably got family
dialog: somewhere and they'd probably appreciate seeing
dialog: you get a decent funeral, even if it's not really... yours.
text: Paul, somewhat befuddled, gently pats the fridge door.
speaker_heading: 36 OMITTED 36
scene_heading: 37 INT. BARNELL HOME / LIVING ROOM - LATER 37
text: Margaret pushes the vacuum across the floor, humming to herself. Paul walks
text: by slipping into his coat. He notices that the vacuum isn't plugged in. Without
text: missing a beat, he walks over and plugs it into the outlet. The VACUUM
text: ROARS TO LIFE. Margaret doesn't flinch. Paul heads out the door.
speaker_heading: 38 OMITTED 38
speaker_heading: 39 OMITTED 39
scene_heading: 40 EXT. WOODED AREA - LATER 40
text: A ways out in the forest. Only two houses on this turn-out; a cozy looking lived
text: in cabin sits up the road from a seemingly deserted rundown mobile home. A
text: car pulls up.
scene_heading: A40 INT. PAUL'S CAR - CONTINUOUS A40
text: Paul adjusts a pillow he has taped to his stomach, then pulls on a blue ski
dialog: mask.
scene_heading: 41 EXT. BARNELL MOBILE HOME - MOMENTS LATER 41
text: Paul undoes the bungee cord and drags his snowblower out of the trunk. He
text: fires up the snowblower and starts to plow the drive way of both houses.
text: MRS. WHERRY (80s), in her bathrobe, looks out the window of the cozy cabin.
text: A tad confused, she waves to the man in the blue parka. The blue parka waves
dialog: back.
scene_heading: 42 INT. PAUL'S KITCHEN - NIGHT 42
text: Paul walks in from the garage, pulling off his blue parka. Margaret enters from
text: the living room. (Paul still has the pillow taped to his front, which Margaret
text: happily pokes with a finger but never mentions.)
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: (nervous)
dialog: He's not here, is he?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Sweetie, don't you worry about Raymond.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: When he's around, it just brings back... Fuck.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I know. He, he said he's probably gonna head back
text: down South soon.
text: Margaret smiles, relieved. The phone RINGS. Paul picks up.
scene_heading: 43 INT. MRS. WHERRY'S HOME - CONTINUOUS 43
text: Mrs. Wherry talks on the phone in her kitchen. The head of a large antelope is
text: mounted on the wall behind her.
scene_heading: MRS. WHERRY
dialog: Paul? Thank you so much for clearing the drive way.
dialog: That was most considerate.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I'm afraid I don't understand Mrs. Wherry.
scene_heading: MRS. WHERRY
dialog: You were out at the cabin this morning. Nice to see
dialog: you getting some use out of that thing.
scene_heading: 44 INT. PAUL'S KITCHEN 44
text: Paul shakes off his boots.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Oh I see. No, you see that must have been
dialog: Raymond. (beat) Very much so. No, no one was
dialog: more surprised than we were. (beat) No, he's...
dialog: indisposed right now, but I'm sure you'll see him
dialog: again. He's going to stay at the cabin for a while
dialog: until he... leaves. And bless you too.
speaker_heading: 45 OMITTED 45
speaker_heading: 46 OMITTED 46
scene_heading: 47 EXT. WILDERNESS ROAD - NIGHT 47
text: A "Moose Xing" sign is briefly illuminated by Paul's car's headlights as it heads
text: up a snow packed mountain road. The distant lights of the city are swallowed
text: by the thick forests of fir trees that line the road.
scene_heading: 48 INT. PAUL'S CAR - CONTINUOUS 48
text: Paul, nervous, sings along to "Escape" on the radio.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: "...It was my own lovely lady, and she said, oh it's
dialog: you..."
scene_heading: A48 EXT. WILDERNESS ROAD / TURNOUT - NIGHT A48
text: Paul pulls off. Kills his headlights. Pops the trunk.
scene_heading: 49 EXT. FOREST - LATER 49
text: The corpse, now in Raymond's clothing and the blue parka, lies face up on the
text: Aloha Airlines promotional surfboard being lurched forward by Paul, who wears
text: a pair of snowshoes. On the body's chest lies a second pair of snowshoes.
text: Somewhere, a WOLF HOWLS.
scene_heading: 50 EXT. TOP/BOTTOM OF A RIDGE - LATER 50
text: Paul at the top of a 25 foot drop. He rolls the corpse, now wearing the other set
text: of snowshoes, over the side. It BOUNCES down, landing in the snow with a
dialog: soft WHUMPH!
speaker_heading: 51 OMITTED 51
scene_heading: 52 INT. PAUL'S HOME / KITCHEN - DAWN 52
text: Paul sits in a seeming stupor at the kitchen table. A DING from the microwave
text: snaps him out of his catatonic state. He walks to the appliance, takes out his
text: now re-heated coffee, checks his watch and heads out.
scene_heading: 53 EXT. TOP OF THE RIDGE / FOREST - MORNING 53
text: Paul, wearing snowshoes and carrying the surfboard, peeks over the edge.
text: PAUL'S POV: down at the corpse, exactly as it was last night.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Well come on! How much easier do I have to make
dialog: this?
text: His words echo in the cold wilderness.
scene_heading: 54 INT. PAUL'S KITCHEN - DAY 54
text: Jodie the dog is in a complete frenzy, jumping up and down at the feet of Paul
text: who stands over a SIZZLING frying pan full of bacon. He checks the bacon's
text: consistency with a fork. Still pretty raw. He takes the bacon and lays it on a
dialog: plate.
text: Beside the pan on the counter sit a baseball cap and a stapler. Paul carefully
text: takes each strip of bacon and staples it to the peak of the ball cap. He holds it
text: up. The bacon hangs down like fringe.
text: Margaret appears in the doorway.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: Paul?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (startled)
dialog: Holy-- Margaret, you scared the wits out of me.
text: Margaret lifts up Jodie, who's desperately trying to get at the hat.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: She just wants that bacon.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Such a little puppy. How late is "Rudys" open?
scene_heading: 55 EXT. SHOPPING CENTER / RUDYS MARKET - LATE AFTERNOON 55
text: A large sign outside advertises "Fresh Moose Meat". Paul runs out with a
text: shopping bag, jumps in his car and drives off.
scene_heading: 56 EXT. BOTTOM OF THE RIDGE - SUNSET 56
text: Paul, carrying the shopping bag, he painfully picks his way down the rock face
text: toward the corpse.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (really bad British accent)
dialog: You may want to take a gander. You may want to
dialog: take a gander...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 57 EXT. BOTTOM OF THE RIDGE - SUNSET 57
text: THE BACON HAT -- as Paul pulls it snug on the corpse's head. He pulls the
text: bloody steaks from the shopping bag and starts to smear them on the corpse's
text: parka. Drops of blood hit the snow at the body's feet and disappear.
text: Paul drapes the steaks on the body, tucking one under an arm, the other
text: hanging from a pocket. He pauses for moment, then pulls out a container of
text: lard and, fighting his own revulsion, smears it across the dead man's face.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Sorry about this part.
text: Paul pats the body on the shoulder, then looks up at the ridge and the long
dialog: journey ahead.
scene_heading: 58 EXT. BOTTOM OF RIDGE - NIGHT 58
text: A WOLF appears in the moonlight. Followed by another, and another. They
dialog: approach the corpse...
scene_heading: 59 EXT. HIGHWAY TURNOUT / CLEARING - DAY 59
text: Snowmobiles SCREAM to the site as people tramp through the thick snow,
text: covering all of Paul's hard work. An ambulance and State Conservation
text: vehicles pack the area where Paul first pulled off. Yellow police tape is strung
text: between fir trees marking a path toward the ridge.
scene_heading: 60 EXT. BOTTOM OF RIDGE - DAY 60
text: The corpse is covered with a tarp. The area is littered with blood, animal tracks
text: and bits of blue parka. POLICE OFFICERS and tough looking LOCAL
text: SNOWMOBILERS mill about the corpse, taking turns lifting the tarp that covers
text: the body. A few yards away, DETECTIVE BOYLE (60s) talks to a seemingly
text: distraught Paul.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE BOYLE
dialog: (looking at the ridge)
dialog: If it's any comfort to you, he likely wasn't eaten while
dialog: conscious. Did he say where he'd been living,
dialog: before he came home?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Florida. He didn't really talk about it much. He
dialog: brought us this shell.
text: Paul holds up a sea shell, obviously from the display at his office. Tears well
text: up in his eyes.
speaker_heading: PAUL (cont'd)
dialog: It's really all we have left. He'd been gone for five
dialog: years. We'd given him up--
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE BOYLE
dialog: --for dead, yes sir.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: How did you...?
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE BOYLE
text: Anonymous phone tip from some Jamaican guy.
dialog: (Paul shows no reaction)
dialog: Said he saw what looked like a body. We tracked
dialog: you through his ID.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Just like on TV.
text: Boyle nods sympathetically
speaker_heading: PAUL (cont'd)
dialog: I've got to see him. Please.
text: Paul starts to make his way to the body. Boyle stops him.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE BOYLE
dialog: Mr. Barnell, I should warn you, an animal attack isn't
dialog: pretty. There's not much left.
text: Paul nods. They make their way over to the tarp. Boyle pulls it back.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE BOYLE (cont'd)
dialog: Is that your brother, sir?
text: Paul leans in-- the man's face is hamburger. Paul nods.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: They chewed his ears off. What kind of animal does
dialog: something like that?
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE BOYLE
dialog: Normally I'd say bear, but these tracks and the
dialog: feeding pattern indicate wolf. It's rare, but it can
dialog: happen.
text: Boyle pulls the cover back over the body. Boyle hands Barnell a clear baggie
text: with the dead man's wallet inside.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE BOYLE (cont'd)
dialog: Your brother's personal effects. We've got some
dialog: people with the victim's assistance program who
dialog: can help you through this. Marcie?
text: Marcie, a female police officer, walks a distraught Paul away. As they go,
text: another FEMALE COP approaches.
speaker_heading: FEMALE COP
dialog: Coroner found some smaller bite marks on the
dialog: ankle.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE BOYLE
dialog: Pups. Must have been the whole freakin' pack.
speaker_heading: FEMALE COP
dialog: You want an autopsy?
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE BOYLE
dialog: On what?
speaker_heading: FEMALE COP
dialog: Derek found this.
text: She holds up a clear evidence bag with the remnants of a strip of bacon on the
dialog: inside.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE BOYLE
dialog: Not the smartest snack for a hiker.
speaker_heading: FEMALE COP
dialog: Messy animals aren't they?
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE BOYLE
dialog: Messy. Messy messy messy messy.
scene_heading: 61 INT. INFLATABLE GOLF DOME - LATE AFTERNOON 61
text: The second level of a large indoor driving range/mini golf course. The sound of
text: clubs SMACKING golf balls echo as an intense Ted "waggles" before his shot.
text: On his back-swing, Tiffany throws her arms around him from behind.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I take it you're done?
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: Yup.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Wanna hit some of mine?
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: (hugging him harder)
dialog: Nope.
text: He turns, LAUGHING. They kiss as she playfully starts to grope him.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Now this is definitely a violation of Golf Dome policy.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: Must be all this talk about using your wood.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Woods. So maybe later I can... check your grip?
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: Secret?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: My dirty talk sucks?
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: I like it when you try, though.
text: Tiffany gives him a peck and flits back to a nearby chair. He hits one, skying it
text: into a low hanging light.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: You know in some states they actually do this
dialog: outside?
text: Tiffany looks over at one of the tacky tropically-theme'd mini-golf holes.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: So how many insurance companies are there in the
dialog: United States? Like, a billion.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: That's not the point, Tiff. I've busted my ass for
dialog: Liberty Capital. I don't want to quit. I deserve to be
text: promoted out of this ice bound backwater.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: And when it happens, I guess I'll just be another
dialog: notch on your briefcase.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I can't believe you said that. You know you are...
text: He looks around. Embarrassed, he lowers his voice.
speaker_heading: TED (cont'd)
dialog: ...the most important thing in my life.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: (smiling/shouting)
dialog: Sorry, what was that! You want to take me right
dialog: here?
text: As other GOLFERS look over, Tiffany and Ted share a warm smile, the moment
text: only broken by the ringing of a CELL PHONE. She SIGHS, unzips Ted's gym
text: bag and answers his phone.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY (cont'd)
dialog: Psychic... Uhm, sorry, hello? Yeah. Look, is this a
dialog: matter of life and death, because right now he's...
text: Suddenly concerned, she hands the phone to Ted.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Hello? (beat) You're kidding me.
dialog: (almost stunned)
dialog: Yeah, I'll hold.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: Your Mom?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Million dollar life policy just checked.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: On a Saturday? What about the first annual golf, sex
dialog: and pizza triathlon?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Look, if this is... who I think it is, I may have found us
dialog: a ticket out of here.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: We don't need a ticket.
text: Tiffany stands, knowing it's no use arguing, she pulls on her coat. Ted tries to
text: give her a hug. She falls into his embrace, but doesn't hug him back.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY (cont'd)
dialog: Don't be late, OK?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: You won't even know I'm gone.
text: CORPSE'S POV: Black. The drawer is pulled open. We are...
scene_heading: 62 INT. CITY MORGUE (BODY TRAY) 62
text: Ted, Cam and Detective Boyle stand at the end near the feet. A white sheet
text: covers most of the deceased.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE BOYLE
dialog: That's him. Raymond Barnell.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Could you?
text: Boyle moves toward the head and pulls back the covering. Ted recoils. Cam
text: leans in for a closer look.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: Ouch. That's gotta hurt.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: So what's your line on this?
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE BOYLE
text: Just what it looks like. Wolves got him. Maybe a
text: grizzly with insomnia, but we didn't find any tracks.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Would it surprise you to learn his brother tried to
dialog: cash in his policy two weeks ago?
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE BOYLE
dialog: You trying to tell me Mr. Barnell chewed off his
dialog: brother's leg?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Doesn't that make you the least bit suspicious?
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE BOYLE
dialog: Mr. Watters, this is a nice simple ending. We like
dialog: nice simple endings.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: But shouldn't you--
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE BOYLE
dialog: Ya know, I don't know thing one about insurance, but
dialog: I'm guessing it's your job
dialog: to find a way not to pay these poor people.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: Hey now, we're just like you guys, gotta run down
dialog: whatever leads we can find.
text: Ted walks down to the head of the victim, pulls out a camcorder and starts to
text: tape the body.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Detective, we're an insurance company, not the
dialog: Salvation Army.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE BOYLE
dialog: Mind telling me what you're doing?
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: They gave every claims team a video camera last
dialog: quarter... you'd be amazed at how it cuts down on
dialog: litigation. We had this case two months ago where
dialog: this mother of six was claiming...
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE BOYLE
dialog: I've got my own war stories, thanks. You mind
dialog: stopping that?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Just doing --
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE BOYLE
dialog: Your job? Yes, I caught that.
text: As Ted gets his last shot, Boyle covers the body back up and slides the drawer
text: shut with a loud CLANG. Black.
scene_heading: 63 EXT. PAUL'S HOUSE - SUNSET 63
text: TV NEWS CAMERA POV: Of Paul, standing on his stoop, as he's interviewed by
text: a well made-up female TV REPORTER (20s) dressed for the cold.
speaker_heading: TV REPORTER
dialog: You ready Mr. Barnell?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Yes.
text: The camera man flicks on his light as Paul squints.
speaker_heading: TV REPORTER
dialog: The police told us what happened, how are you folks
dialog: holding up?
speaker_heading: MARGARET (O.S.)
dialog: Paul? Who's out there?
text: Paul reaches back, and, as discretely as possible, grabs the door handle to
dialog: keep Margaret from opening it.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Obviously, my wife's very upset...
speaker_heading: MARGARET (O.S.)
dialog: Paul, the door's stuck!
text: Margaret starts to HAMMER rhythmically on the door.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (ignoring her)
dialog: It's been a tough, you know, when something like
dialog: this happens you just have to ask yourself...
speaker_heading: MARGARET (O.S.)
dialog: Who fucked with the fucking door!
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You can see how stressful it's been, I should really
dialog: go now. We have to plan a service.
text: And with that, Paul opens his front door and ducks inside, quickly shutting it
text: behind him.
scene_heading: 64 INT. BRANCH'S OFFICE - DAY 64
text: Branch, very unhappy, flips through some papers then looks up at Ted and
dialog: Cam.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: This isn't a standard case. You were there when
dialog: this guy came in looking to cash in. C'mon, it stinks.
speaker_heading: BRANCH
dialog: Secondly, if the police say this guy was...
speaker_heading: CAM
text: Eaten by wolves. Sir.
speaker_heading: BRANCH
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: Eaten by wolves, then we've got no case. Did you
dialog: see Mr. Barnell on the news last
dialog: night? Last thing we need is bad P.R. I don't want
dialog: this thing Valdeez-ing on us.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Mr. Branch, I'm sure head office would take a rather
dialog: dim view of our --
speaker_heading: BRANCH
dialog: Corporate's view will be whatever I tell them.
text: Cam, seeing his partner is about to get himself into a heap of trouble, hustles
text: him toward the door.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: Yes Sir. Color us called off, as of now.
scene_heading: 65 INT. INSURANCE OFFICE - MOMENTS LATER 65
text: Ted and Cam walk through the cubicles.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Stop looking at me right now.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: You've got a strange way of bucking for a promotion,
dialog: my friend.
dialog: (off Ted's look)
dialog: Look, I'm gonna start on the Johnasen file. You want
dialog: to do up the paper work on Barnell?
text: Ted grabs his coat.
speaker_heading: CAM (cont'd)
dialog: Where ya going?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Lunch.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: At 9:30?
text: Ted is out the door.
scene_heading: 66 INT. "BARNELL GREAT ESCAPES TRAVEL" - DAY 66
text: Ted sits across the desk from Paul. As per usual, the place is a tomb.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: The police say they found Raymond's wallet, that's
dialog: how they tracked you down?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: That's right, yes.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Any idea what he was doing out there?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: He'd go for walks. Hikes, I mean. Hiking.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: How sporty. Was he a big hiker?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Not sure I follow.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Did he hike more than once a week? Or was this a...
dialog: one time thing?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Can I ask why you need to know all this?
speaker_heading: TED
text: Just trying to tie up a few loose ends.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You know the police... they say Raymond died in the
dialog: attack. You do cover that sort of thing don't you?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (forced smile)
dialog: Yes sir. It shouldn't take more than a few days.
dialog: Now, tell me a little more about your brother. The
dialog: hiker.
scene_heading: 67 EXT. STRIP MALL PARKING LOT - MOMENTS LATER 67
text: Gary and Jimbo's car parked in the lot. Gary is just returning to the vehicle with
text: a brown paper bag. Jimbo has the look of man who hasn't slept in days.
text: Gary and Jimbo are eating fish and chips. The name on the bag is "Ye' Olde
dialog: Fish Shoppe."
speaker_heading: JIMBO
dialog: Cod or Halibut?
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Didn't ask.
speaker_heading: JIMBO
dialog: (digging in)
dialog: So we got six different stores here. We got your
dialog: "Great Escapes" travel agency, your Ye Old Fish and
text: Chips place, Porn-a-Copia videos, a hair place, one
dialog: for lease and one... what is that?
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Small engine repair. See all the snow blowers out
dialog: front.
text: There is indeed a row of snowblowers lined up outside. Jimbo takes another
text: bite of his fish.
speaker_heading: GARY (cont'd)
dialog: Should move the blowers over to the triple X store.
text: Gary LAUGHS. Jimbo is in no mood.
speaker_heading: JIMBO
dialog: So, which one you figure would want to take our
dialog: friend?
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: I guess maybe the porn palace. Ya know for some
dialog: weird sex film.
speaker_heading: JIMBO
dialog: Yeah, this place is just a hotbed of adult cinema
dialog: production. Fish shop look clean?
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Very nice Korean family. You figure maybe they
dialog: battered him up?
text: Gary LAUGHS again, then shoves Jimbo's shoulder.
speaker_heading: GARY (cont'd)
dialog: Maybe we're eatin' him right now. Huh?
speaker_heading: JIMBO
dialog: Gary, this isn't a joke. You ever known Dave to joke?
text: Gary, embarrassed, takes another bite of his fish. Jimbo turns up the radio. A
text: local call-in show comes on.
speaker_heading: WOMAN CALLER (O.S.)
dialog: ...it could never happen. There's never been a
dialog: documented case--
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Sorry.
speaker_heading: JIMBO
dialog: Yeah, "Sorry." I get strip searched and you go off
dialog: playing snow angels...
speaker_heading: RADIO HOST (O.S.)
dialog: Well, we've got one now, don't we!?
speaker_heading: WOMAN CALLER (O.S.)
dialog: That was different. From what I read in the paper he
dialog: was unconscious. And now people are going to use
dialog: this as an excuse to--
speaker_heading: RADIO HOST (O.S.)
dialog: Hey lady, why don't you tell Raymond Barnell how
dialog: wolves have gotten a bad rap.
speaker_heading: WOMAN CALLER (O.S.)
dialog: I can tell you from years of experience that wolves do
dialog: not operate--
speaker_heading: JIMBO
dialog: Wait a minute.
speaker_heading: RADIO HOST (O.S.)
dialog: You can tell me all you want, lady, but it is an
dialog: undeniable, indisputable fact. This Barnell guy got
text: turned into a Scooby Snack by a pack of wild
dialog: animals...
text: JIM'S POV: Through the windshield, looking at the sign for "Barnell Great
text: Escapes Travel." Jimbo and Gary look at each other. Maybe...
scene_heading: 68 INT. INSURANCE OFFICE - DAY 68
text: Ted at his cubicle on his phone.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Yeah, hi, it's Ted Watters from Fidelity Mutual. (beat)
dialog: I need a complete credit work up on a Raymond
dialog: Barnell... and Paul, a Paul Barnell too... sure, I'll hold.
text: Cam walks by, leans his head over the top of the cubicle.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: You start the month ends yet?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Can you take care of it? I'm kinda... working on
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: Oh God, you're not still on the Barnell thing are you--
text: Ted pulls Cam down into his cubicle, talks in a harsh whisper.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I went to see him.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: And? Then? So?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Trust me. Something's not right. I can smell it. Help
dialog: me buy a week.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: We're gonna get in such trouble.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I promise from now on you can come along on
dialog: everything.
speaker_heading: CAM
text: No more Cam goes to the coffee room and Ted
dialog: disappears for three hours?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I'll try.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: And you'll work on your interpersonal skills?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (a long beat)
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: Good. Now if you'll excuse me, I'll go start covering
dialog: your ass.
scene_heading: 69 INT. BARNELL HOME / STUDY - EVENING 69
text: Paul sits beside his desk, flipping through travel brochures. Margaret enters,
text: teetering in the doorway. Paul looks up.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Hey. How's my Princess?
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: OK. I took some Adavan. And called my psychic.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (picks up the phone bill)
dialog: Honey, you know how expensive that is. I thought we
dialog: agreed that...
text: She moves to him, runs her hand through his hair.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: Don't be mad. It's just... this week has been so...
dialog: well with Raymond getting eaten by animals and
text: someone trying to steal the fridge.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I know. Why don't you --
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: We got another letter from the HMO today.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Have you opened it yet?
text: Margaret starts to CRY, holding the letter up to her face the SOBS building to a
text: full blown breakdown.
speaker_heading: PAUL (cont'd)
dialog: Oh hey honey, come on now.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: I'm sorry. It's just, fucking cocksuckers.
text: Paul takes the letter, unfolds it and reads...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: "As we have stated previously... usual onset before
dialog: the age of 18... coupled with no genetic history..."
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: I'm sick! I'm really, really sick!
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Shush, now. (reading again) "We hasten to add,
dialog: Tourette Syndrome is not..."
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: Fuck them.
text: Paul is about to say something, but returns to the letter.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: "As well, please reference our previous decisions
dialog: regarding your claims for ADD, ODO, OCD,
text: ADHOPHI...
dialog: (treading lightly)
dialog: Honey. I know you don't like to talk about it, but
dialog: maybe it's not... what we might think it is but... maybe
dialog: it's just stress? Remember that cruise? I saw you.
dialog: You were happy.
text: Margaret looks at him, crestfallen.
speaker_heading: PAUL (cont'd)
dialog: I'm sorry. I'm just really tired.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: They say you can't get it all of a sudden but I did. I
dialog: really, really did.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I know. They just don't --
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: I'll kill myself. Then they'll see.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: That is nonsense talk.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: Then you can go off and...
dialog: (sobbing again)
dialog: ...marry someone normal.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You're the most normal girl I know.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: I'm not crazy, Paul. Something's really wrong with
dialog: me.
text: He takes her to a small sofa, cradles her in his arms.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I know, Sweetie. I know. And we're gonna find you
dialog: the best specialists in...
dialog: (a second, then confident)
dialog: ...what you have that we can.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: Promise?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I really think things are going to turn around. Call me
dialog: cr... I just have a feeling. You just leave everything to
dialog: me, OK? Is that OK? Leave everything to me? I
dialog: promise.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: (gently)
dialog: Shit bag.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: That's my girl.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: TIGHT ON : TV SCREEN
scene_heading: 70/71 INT. TED'S APARTMENT - NIGHT 70/71
text: Where Edward G. Robinson (as the character Keyes in "Double Indemnity")
text: grills a man about a fake insurance claim.
scene_heading: EDWARD G. ROBINSON
dialog: "Every time one of these phonies comes along it ties
dialog: knots in my stomach... I can't eat. That's how I knew
dialog: your claim was crooked..."
text: At the sound of DOORBELL, the whole scene freezes. We are --
text: Tiffany at her desk, working on the computer. Ted has paused the DVD, puts
text: down the Barnell file and opens the door on a snow covered PIZZA GUY, soggy
text: pizza box in hand.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: PIZZA GUY
dialog: Hi there. That'll be $12.97.
text: Ted looks at his watch.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: What about thirty minutes or free?
speaker_heading: PIZZA GUY
dialog: Doesn't apply when it's snowing.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (digging out his wallet)
dialog: So nine months of the year your guarantee is
dialog: worthless?
speaker_heading: PIZZA GUY
dialog: It doesn't snow every day.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: They should really tell people when they order.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: Would you just give him the money already?
speaker_heading: PIZZA GUY
dialog: It's not my decision.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I know that. I'm just saying.
speaker_heading: PIZZA GUY
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: You understand though?
speaker_heading: PIZZA GUY
dialog: Absolutely.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: It wouldn't take much.
speaker_heading: PIZZA GUY
dialog: Full disclosure to the pizza consumer. I'll be sure to
dialog: pass that along.
text: The delivery guy leaves.
text: Ted walks back into the living room. Tiffany comes over, grabs a slice.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: Why you gotta argue with the service industry?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: The problem with people today is they don't expect
dialog: anyone to tell the truth.
dialog: We've just come to accept lying as acceptable.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
text: If this is another passive/aggressive shot at Psychic
dialog: Buddies, all our ads state "for amusement purposes
dialog: only."
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Tiff, it has nothing to do with... look, just forget it.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: You remember being amused, don't ya, honey?
dialog: What is with you anyway?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Want to know what's "with" me? I'm on the verge of
dialog: cracking the biggest case of my career, one that
dialog: corporate has to notice, and nobody gives a crap.
dialog: Not my boss, and not even my girlfriend.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: So this is my fault?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: No, it's not your fault. I just want to live somewhere
dialog: where road hazards don't have antlers and the pizza
dialog: doesn't have to be delivered by dogsled.
text: Tiffany storms off as Ted flops onto the couch, swipes the snow from the top of
text: the pizza box and hits play on the DVD.
scene_heading: EDWARD G. ROBINSON
dialog: "What kind of outfit is this, anyway? Are we an
text: insurance company or a bunch of dim-witted
dialog: amateurs to write a policy on a mug like that?"
text: Tiffany turns from the bedroom door, almost in tears.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: You know, even though Edward G. Robinson wins,
dialog: everyone like Fred MacMurray better.
text: She SLAMS the door. Ted doesn't move, lost in his own world.
scene_heading: 72 INT. MRS. WHERRY'S HOUSE / LIVING ROOM - DAY 72
text: Ted and Mrs. Wherry sit on plastic covered furniture. The mounted heads of
text: several dozen dead animals, foxes, wolves, elk, surround them. Ted takes
dialog: notes.
scene_heading: MRS. WHERRY
dialog: It was terrible. Just terrible. Raymond should have
dialog: known better.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (re: the mounted heads)
dialog: All these yours?
scene_heading: MRS. WHERRY
text: Greatest sport on earth. Moved to a compound bow
dialog: two years ago.
dialog: (whisper)
dialog: Arthritis. Less draw weight.
text: She mimics pulling back an imaginary bow with her bony hand.
scene_heading: MRS. WHERRY (cont'd)
dialog: Coffee OK?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I'm fine. Did you talk to Raymond at all when he
dialog: came home? Was he getting along with his
dialog: brother?
scene_heading: MRS. WHERRY
dialog: No. Only saw him the once. Never spoke. Waved to
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Waved?
scene_heading: MRS. WHERRY
dialog: He was clearing my driveway. Raymond was a real
dialog: hellcat when he was younger. But like they say, time
dialog: mellows even the hardest soul.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Was he much of an outdoorsman?
scene_heading: MRS. WHERRY
dialog: I thought it was Paul at first. Have you met Paul's
dialog: wife? Now there's a story. Not that I'm much for
dialog: gossip, but I think Raymond used to have a --
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Mrs. Wherry, I'm sorry, but --
scene_heading: MRS. WHERRY
dialog: Sorry. Did Raymond like the outdoors. Not so
dialog: much, no. Liked living out here at the cabin, though.
dialog: I think he had some friends on the police force.
dialog: Have you talked to them? They'd pull up here day
dialog: and night, always looking for --
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I'm sorry, did you say you thought it was Paul who
dialog: did your driveway?
scene_heading: MRS. WHERRY
dialog: Well in a ski mask you can hardly tell who's who.
dialog: Now, how 'bout some jerky? I've got it drying out
dialog: back.
scene_heading: 73 INT. INSURANCE OFFICE - DAY 73
text: Ted at his cubicle, thinking hard as he chews on some jerky as he works the
text: phone. Snow whips by outside the window.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (just waiting to cut in)
dialog: That's really super, Simon. Now how'd you like to
dialog: run some names for me?
text: Ted sees Cam reflected in his dark computer screen. Annoyed, he puts his
text: hand over the receiver.
speaker_heading: TED (cont'd)
dialog: You mind?
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: Now, now. Let's not forget who's pulling double duty.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (hanging up)
dialog: Simon, I'll call you back.
dialog: (to Cam: forced)
dialog: Sorry.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: Much better. So?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Turns out our Mr. Barnell is mortgaged to the nuts.
dialog: His business is about one step
dialog: away from chapter 11. Plus it's like his brother
dialog: Raymond never existed. He's got no credit history,
dialog: no nothing for the last five years.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: Ya know, not having a credit history isn't actually a
dialog: crime. People around here have been known to
text: swap a snow mobile for 500 pounds of venison.
dialog: Doesn't exactly leave a paper trail.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Yes, but he was in Florida, someplace. Plus, the
dialog: only thing he did after his recent "reappearance" was
dialog: get some new ID and a new credit card. Didn't
dialog: charge anything.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: Wow. Less than nothing.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: It's something.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: No it's not... in my humble, junior investigator's
dialog: opinion.
text: The phone RINGS. Ted picks up.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Watters, claims. Yeah, hang on...
dialog: (to Cam)
dialog: It's personal. I promise.
text: Cam shrugs, walks off. Ted waits 'til he's gone...
speaker_heading: TED (cont'd)
dialog: Mr. Barnell... Your ears must have been burning, I
dialog: was just -- sure, what time?
text: Ted is scribbling down something on a pad of paper.
scene_heading: 74 EXT. GRAVEYARD - DAY (FULL ON BLIZZARD) 74
text: Tombstones, barely visible through the blowing snow, dot the top of a small hill
text: on the outskirts of town. A small group of mourners try to keep warm. Paul and
text: Margaret, Avis, two other FRIENDS and the MINISTER huddle against the cold.
speaker_heading: MINISTER
dialog: When someone is taken from us at such a young
dialog: age we often ask ourselves, why? What possible
dialog: purpose could this serve?
text: The Minister is temporarily lost from view.
speaker_heading: MINISTER (cont'd)
dialog: (just a voice in the white)
dialog: Why is God, who is a loving God, capable of such
dialog: things...
text: The snow clears. Paul, a pillar of strength, discreetly checks his watch then
text: sneaks a concerned look at Margaret who busily grins at everyone in sight.
text: Ted's car pulls into the parking area.
scene_heading: 75 INT. JIMBO'S CAR / GRAVEYARD PARKING LOT - CONTINUOUS 75
text: Gary and Jimbo sit in their vehicle, watching as Ted gets out of his car and is
text: swallowed in a white out. He reappears a moment later farther up the hill.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: We should have checked the funeral
text: announcements right away.
speaker_heading: JIMBO
dialog: Shoot.
scene_heading: 76 EXT. GRAVEYARD 76
text: A wind GUST rocks the casket just as it's lowered into the frozen earth. The
text: funeral breaks up quickly as Paul and his wife shake hands with the minister.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: That was lovely, thank you so much.
speaker_heading: MINISTER
dialog: Margaret, Paul, you two get some sleep.
text: Paul looks nervously at Margaret, who is about to reply. As her mouth
text: engages, a gust of wind obliterates most of her words, except for...
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: ...nun banger.
text: The Minister smiles, he must have misunderstood.
speaker_heading: MINISTER
dialog: Absolutely.
text: Paul turns to see Ted approaching. A blast of snow obscures his view. When
text: Ted reappears, he's just a few steps away.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Mr. Barnell. There was no hurry on this, we could
dialog: wait until--
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: It's OK. We just wrapped up. This is my wife,
dialog: Margaret.
text: As they shake hands, and Margaret opens her mouth to speak...
speaker_heading: PAUL (cont'd)
dialog: Why don't you wait in the car, sweetheart?
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: Okee dokee, smokee.
text: Margaret smiles and totters off.
speaker_heading: PAUL
text: She's under a little strain right now.
text: Ted looks down the hill at a small group of TV news vans, the REPORTERS
text: just now venturing out into the cold.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I see the media's here. They don't give people a
dialog: moment's peace, do they?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I called them.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Well, they've been asking me to talk some more
dialog: about Raymond. I thought now might be an
dialog: appropriate time.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: And you'll just happen to mention your heartless
dialog: insurance company that hasn't paid off your policy
dialog: yet.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I had to borrow money for the casket, Mr. Ted.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: You are breaking my heart.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: No, I doubt that. They asked me to bring some
dialog: photos of Raymond. Guess it's gonna be a pretty
dialog: big story.
text: He pulls out some shots of his brother. They whip around in the wind and
text: blowing snow.
speaker_heading: PAUL (cont'd)
dialog: Of course, we could walk over there together. You
dialog: could tell them how deeply moved you were by this
dialog: tragedy and how... the check is on its way?
text: Ted thinks, grudgingly impressed with Paul's ploy.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Enjoy your press conference, Mr. Barnell.
text: Paul stuffs the photos back in his pocket and walks down the hill. Ted watches
text: him go, is about to leave when a gust of wind forces him to avert his eyes.
text: Looking down he sees a photo of Raymond Barnell, on the beach in swim
text: trunks. Must have fallen. Ted pockets it and moves on.
scene_heading: A76 INT. GARY'S APARTMENT - NIGHT A76
speaker_heading: JIMBO
dialog: That's your plan?
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: How tough can it be?
speaker_heading: JIMBO
dialog: You ever try digging through six feet of half frozen
dialog: sod? We'd need a back hoe. Can you operate a
dialog: back hoe? Do you know where we'd get a back
dialog: hoe? We don't even know for sure...
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Oh please. Don't you think it's a pretty neat
dialog: coincidence?
speaker_heading: JIMBO
dialog: Maybe we just go explain it to Dave.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: He won't take it well.
speaker_heading: JIMBO
dialog: Then I'm all for new options, here, Gary. (beat) If we
dialog: give the money back--
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Hey, wait a minute, now. We did the job. We
dialog: deserve the--
speaker_heading: JIMBO
dialog: I did the job, Gary. I know, because I haven't been
dialog: sleeping for the last week.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: I don't know why you're letting it get to you like this.
dialog: Look, let's just not rush into anything. It's my turn to
dialog: step up. I know that. I'm on it.
text: They look on as Paul is interviewed by the reporters.
speaker_heading: 77 OMITTED 77
scene_heading: 78 INT. PAUL'S HOME / KITCHEN - MORNING 78
text: Margaret washes down some pills with her morning coffee as she looks at a
text: fawn in the backyard, nibbling on a bush.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: Hey little, Bambi. Where's your Mommy? Gettin' it
dialog: from some ten point buck. Yes she is. Yes she is.
text: Just then, a THUMPING sound from the garage causes the fawn to bolt.
text: Margaret turns, suspicious. She picks up the portable phone as she moves
text: toward the door.
scene_heading: 79 INT. GARAGE 79
text: Gary sticks his head inside the now unchained fridge, grabs a can of soda
text: from the door rack and closes the door. A moment later, he reopens the door...
text: There, hanging off the frosty inside, is a chunk of the dead man's hair and
text: scalp. Gary pulls it off, not sure what it means, but sure it means something.
text: Unseen behind him, Margaret steps into the garage. She quickly assesses
dialog: the situation.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: Stay away from our fucking appliances.
text: Gary spins, shocked to see Margaret.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Lady, just calm down.
text: Margaret, eyes wide with fear, unleashes a hailstorm of soda cans,
text: knickknacks, gardening implements and anything else she can lay her hands
dialog: on.
speaker_heading: GARY (cont'd)
dialog: Hey! Would you... Lady... I have a--
text: He tries to close in on her, but the torrent of stuff (a rake, a Whipper-Snipper,
text: an old pair of skates...) keeps him pinned down. Finally, he manages to grab his
text: gun from his pocket. But even as he raises it...
text: A Bissel Handvac catches him flush in the face.
speaker_heading: GARY (cont'd)
dialog: Sud of a bit!
text: He drops to his knees, grabbing his nose, which is now gushing blood.
text: Margaret reaches for her portable phone and starts punching numbers.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: You are in so much trouble.
text: Gary stands, pissed off, gun aimed at Margaret's head.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Lady, so help me I --
text: Gary ducks as the phone whizzes over his head and smashes against the
text: garage wall. He stares at her. Game over.
scene_heading: 80 INT. WAREHOUSE - DAY 80
text: A standard corrugated metal storage facility. Snow falls in from a large hole
text: that's been cut in the roof. Cam and Ted, clipboard in hand, stand by the
text: owner, MR. SPELLMAN (50s).
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: So you're a souvenir wholesaler?
speaker_heading: SPELLMAN
dialog: For the cruise ship trade, mostly. Usual stuff, stuffed
dialog: animals, your huskies, your moose, your baby seals,
dialog: your whales, your walrus --
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: They came in through there?
speaker_heading: SPELLMAN
dialog: (looking up/duh!)
dialog: Yeah. Through that... big hole in the roof. I got a list
dialog: of all the things that are missing.
text: Ted stares up at the sky through the ceiling.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: How much?
speaker_heading: SPELLMAN
dialog: Uh, we figure about 200,000, plus fixing the roof.
dialog: Now I know you guys are gonna bust my --
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Fax over your estimate. We'll have you a check by
dialog: Friday.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: (taking Ted aside)
dialog: Ted. Maybe we should take a look at their inventory
dialog: list first?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: This is a simple case, Cam. Bad guys, through roof,
dialog: stole stuff. Let's clear it and get going.
speaker_heading: SPELLMAN
dialog: I should tell you... we also had some VCRs we were
dialog: holding for another company. That could run
dialog: another couple of...
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Cam? You wanna wrap this up?
dialog: (off his look)
dialog: Gotta go primary some time.
text: Cam shrugs-- "sure." Ted hands him his clipboard and walks out, the door
text: closes behind him with a loud BANG.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: Mr. Spellman? Now I noticed a nice looking
dialog: computer in your office. Why do you think they left
dialog: that?
scene_heading: 81 INT. BARNELL HOME / LIVING ROOM - LATER 81
text: Margaret sits taped to a Lazy-Boy recliner. Gary, who's still bleeding from the
text: nose, sits across from her.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: You try and rape me, I swear to Christ I'll bite it off.
text: Gary looks confused. The doorbell CHIMES, playing "Tiny Bubbles." (We stay
text: in the living room as Gary answers it.)
speaker_heading: JIMBO (O.S.)
dialog: What's going on?
speaker_heading: GARY (O.S.)
dialog: Okay, now here's the thing, just keep an open mind.
text: They both enter the room. Jimbo looks at Gary, is about to smack him when...
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: So what now, you gonna get me smokin' from both
dialog: ends?
text: Gary and Jimbo have no idea how to react. Margaret senses their discomfort,
text: starts to relax.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: I just came to look around, but she started yelling
dialog: and hitting me...
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: Oh please.
speaker_heading: JIMBO
dialog: How the hell is this solving our problem? How is
dialog: this stepping up?
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Just listen, okay.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: Yeah, listen, if the fat from your neck hasn't stopped
dialog: up your ears.
text: Jimbo looks confused. Gary ushers him into the other room.
scene_heading: 82 INT. BARNELL HOME / KITCHEN - LATER 82
text: Gary and Jimbo sit at the table, talking. Jimbo's not happy.
speaker_heading: JIMBO
dialog: This is not what we do.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: It is now.
speaker_heading: JIMBO
dialog: Where would we stash her? Your place?
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Too small, plus we'd have to get her in and out
dialog: without anyone seeing. And I've seen that sty you
dialog: call an apartment.
speaker_heading: JIMBO
dialog: See, it's just a bad idea.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Yeah. Maybe.
dialog: (a possible idea)
dialog: You see the whirlpool tub?
speaker_heading: JIMBO
dialog: You can't be serious.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: It could be like a little getaway.
text: Off Jimbo, considering this.
scene_heading: 83 EXT. BARNELL HOME - NIGHT 83
text: Paul pulls up, hits the garage door opener and drives in.
scene_heading: 84 INT. BARNELL HOME / KITCHEN 84
text: Paul walks in from the garage, pulls off his jacket.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Hey Maggie-magster. How ya --
text: Paul stops short as he sees Margaret, Gary and Jimbo sitting around the table.
text: Margaret's mouth is taped shut.
text: Paul is about to lunge at the men when Gary slides his gun into view. He
dialog: stops.
speaker_heading: PAUL (cont'd)
dialog: What are you people doing in my house?
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Mr. Barnell. You have something that belongs to us.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I, I don't know what you're talking about.
speaker_heading: JIMBO
dialog: Do you remember a dead man you found in the
dialog: dumpster behind your office?
text: Paul, shocked, tries to hold it together.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: No, I can't say that... I mean that would probably stick
dialog: in my mind a... dead body.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Think hard Mr. Barnell.
text: He tosses the frozen lock of hair onto the table.
speaker_heading: GARY (cont'd)
dialog: Think hard.
text: Paul realizes he's screwed, gestures to the living room.
scene_heading: 85 INT. BARNELL HOME / LIVING ROOM - LATER 85
text: Gary sits on the sofa as Paul paces.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: I thought it might be some weirdo sex thing, ya
dialog: know? But you look like a pretty straight arrow. So
dialog: then I'm thinking, maybe it's a scam. Maybe
dialog: somehow our friend is worth some money to you.
text: Paul face lets Gary know he's dead on.
speaker_heading: GARY (cont'd)
dialog: So what'd you collect?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: We, we had a life insurance policy
dialog: on my brother. It was for... 100,000 dollars.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: You know, it's always you quiet guys. Here's how it's
dialog: going to work. We stay here with your wife, you go
dialog: get our guy.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Here?
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: We even see you or a cop even roll past, she's dead.
dialog: Plus you'll have to explain
dialog: how you scammed the insurance people out of their
dialog: hard earned money. We'll call you in three days.
dialog: Have the body and, let's say 50,000 dollars for our
dialog: trouble. Screw with us, we start mailing your wife
dialog: back to you.
text: Gary pauses for dramatic effect.
speaker_heading: GARY (cont'd)
text: Starting with her feet.
scene_heading: 86 INT. KITCHEN - LATER 86
text: Gary walks in on Jimbo and Margaret, still gagged.
speaker_heading: JIMBO
dialog: He gone?
text: Gary nods, well pleased with himself.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: He was scared. Really scared.
speaker_heading: JIMBO
dialog: You used the feet thing, didn't you?
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: No.
scene_heading: 87 INT. TED'S APARTMENT - NIGHT 87
text: Tiffany comes through the door carrying a sack of groceries.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: Hey, little help here. I got Pop Tarts.
text: She sees the living room wall -- it's covered with charts, diagrams and
text: theories. Ted on the floor, remote control in hand, replaying the shots of the
text: body over and over...
speaker_heading: TIFFANY (cont'd)
dialog: (re: the screen)
dialog: Don't tell me, "Sound of Music"?
dialog: (no reaction)
dialog: Honey? You OK?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Shhhh. This is the important part.
text: Ted rewinds the tape, hits play, rewinds it again as -- Tiffany watches, quietly at
text: first, then with growing frustration. Finally, she walks over and grabs the
text: remote control.
speaker_heading: TED (cont'd)
dialog: I was watching that.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: This stops now. This case is making me and you
dialog: crazy, especially you.
text: No response. Tiffany plops on the sofa and starts leafing through Ted's files.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY (cont'd)
dialog: Ya know, I am trying to be supportive. Leading
dialog: experts agree that's the number one complaint men
dialog: have about their mates.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I don't have any complaints about my... you.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: (re: the file)
dialog: Dead guy's got a record? Cool.
speaker_heading: TED
text: Yeah. He beat the hell out of some guy in bar fight.
text: Broke the guy's eye socket.
text: Tiffany scans the file, then looks up at the screen.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: Honey?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: I think you should read this again.
text: He looks. She tosses him the file.
scene_heading: 88 INT. BARNELL HOME / KITCHEN - NIGHT 88
text: Margaret, still taped to a chair, sits at the kitchen table. By the stove, Gary is
text: cooking, an apron tied like a bath towel around his waist.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: We don't have any money, you know.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Lady. Please.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: If you want Raymond's fucking insurance money...
dialog: we don't have that either.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: It's none of your business what we want.
text: Gary goes back to his cooking. Then...
speaker_heading: GARY (cont'd)
dialog: So how come you talk like you do? I mean, cursing
dialog: all the time.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: It's a disease. It's called Tourette Syndrome. I can't
dialog: control what I say. Turnip.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: You've taken a handicapped person hostage. I hope
dialog: you're proud of yourself.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: I saw this thing on TV where they said people with
dialog: that don't usually curse.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: They must have got it wrong.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: I don't think so. It was a movie of the week based on
dialog: real events. Don't most of Tourette's people twitch
dialog: and stuff?
text: Margaret just glares.
speaker_heading: GARY (cont'd)
dialog: (knowingly)
dialog: Oh, I get it. You got a spice rack?
speaker_heading: MARGARET
text: Over the sink. And what's that supposed to mean?
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Nothing. Cumin?
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: On the left. (beat) And I'm not... crazy, it's a physical
dialog: disease. Sometimes I can control it, and
dialog: sometimes --
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: You can't? Want to know what I think? I think this
dialog: "syndrome" is something you
dialog: read about somewhere and figured, hey, works for
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: Ass-rimming ball-sucker.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: You can completely abdicate your societal
dialog: responsibilities, say whatever you want whenever
dialog: you want, and slough it off on a illness. Maybe I
dialog: should catch this thing. "Gee, sorry Your Honor, I
dialog: have a disease that makes me rob 7-11s." It's
dialog: called really need a Slurpee disease.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: You've never robbed a 7-11 in your life you shit
dialog: eating fuck-weasel. What kind of man threatens a
dialog: woman with a gun, anyway?
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: You are so faking it.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: Oh, I'm faking it? Is this how you get your kicks, you
dialog: over-compensating pussy little fart sack?
text: Gary, suddenly tense, puts down his spoon and picks up his gun.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Hey! Keep your voice down or the gag goes back.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: You don't scare me. If something bad was going to
dialog: happen, my psychic would have told me.
text: Gary awkwardly chambers a round, starts gesturing with the gun, trying to look
dialog: tough.
speaker_heading: MARGARET (cont'd)
dialog: You put that down now you little bitch, or so help me,
dialog: I'll start yelling so loud you'll have to shoot me.
text: Gary, confused and embarrassed, doesn't know what to do.
scene_heading: 89 EXT. BARNELL MOBILE HOME - NIGHT 89
text: Paul gets out of his car carrying a K-Mart bag. He looks like he's been
text: CRYING. Mrs. Wherry waves from her deck.
scene_heading: MRS. WHERRY
dialog: Paul, sorry to hear about your brother.
dialog: (Paul gives a sad smile)
dialog: You moving in?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Just for a bit.
scene_heading: MRS. WHERRY
dialog: She'll come to her senses. They always do. Oh, the
dialog: septic lines are frozen, so you'll have to use the
text: outdoor commode.
text: Paul waves as he enters the mobile home, closing the door behind him. A
text: light goes on. It starts to snow.
scene_heading: 90 INT. BARNELL MOBILE HOME - NIGHT 90
text: Paul walks in, survey's the interior of the mobile home.
text: PAUL'S POV: A 7 year old time capsule of a party that was never cleaned up;
text: beer bottles, ashtrays and general garbage.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Would it have killed you to clean up before you left,
dialog: Raymond?
text: Paul picks up a small box from the floor, looks at the label. Edible Panties. He
text: puts them on top of a stack of porno mags, neatens the pile, then heads out.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - LATER
text: HIGH ANGLE ON: Paul lying in bed, wide awake, but in the same position
text: we've seen him in when he sleeps with Margaret. An electric heater glows
text: beside him.
scene_heading: 91 EXT. BARNELL MOBILE HOME - CONTINUOUS 91
text: TIGHT ON: Car tires as they pull to a stop on the main road. A pair of heavy
text: men's boots get out, start to make their way toward the mobile home.
scene_heading: 92 INT. MOBILE HOME - LATE NIGHT 92
text: There's a KNOCK on the door. Paul heads to the door.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Who is it?
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: State Police. Is there a Mr. Barnell here?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (as he unlocks it)
dialog: Yes, is there something wrong--
text: As he opens the door a crack, a gloved hand shoves it open. The force of the
text: blow sends Paul staggering backward, landing in a heap against the wall
text: where a picture of his family tumbles over and shatters on his head.
text: RAYMOND BARNELL (40s), a bear of man, enters, picks up Paul and throws
text: him through the serving kitchen serving hatch. Raymond leans through the
dialog: hole.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Hello brother.
text: He walks around, takes a copy of "USA Today" and throws it at Paul.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Raymond? Is that...
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Page 16, Paul. That's why I love "USA Today", news
dialog: from every fuckin' state. Don't you want to read it? I
dialog: was eaten by wild fuckin' animals. But ya know,
dialog: despite that, I'm feeling pretty God-damned chipper.
text: Paul beats a hasty retreat, stumbling through the mobile home with Raymond
text: right on his heels.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Raymond, let me tell you what happened here. We
dialog: all thought you were...
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Dead? Yeah, I got that impression.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: But you had dropped off the face of the earth.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: And you just decide to make it permanent?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: But there were no records of you anywhere. I
dialog: checked.
text: With that, Raymond kicks his brother hard in the ribs. Paul doubles over,
text: gasping for breath.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: In certain lines of quasi-legal employment, using
dialog: your actual ID can be a hinderance. But despite the
dialog: reliance on aliases, it's nice to have your actual birth
dialog: certificate to fall back on. Gotta tell ya, Paul, I was
dialog: pretty pissed.
text: Raymond is about to kick him once more, but Paul puts up a hand, begging
text: him to stop. Raymond, relents, then bends over and helps his brother to a
text: sitting position.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND (cont'd)
dialog: But then I start to think, Paul's no idiot. He woulda
dialog: told 'em it's not me. Unless...
text: Paul can only sit there and WHEEZE. Raymond sits beside him on the floor,
text: pulls out a cigarette and lights it.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND (cont'd)
dialog: So what is it? Frame job, lawsuit...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Life insurance.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Figured. So where's my money?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Your money?
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: They're still... investigating.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: What you get?
dialog: Paul considers whether or not Raymond would even remember.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Fifty thousand.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: (with a shrug)
dialog: Almost worth coming back for. What's the split? I
dialog: get half?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (not quite trusting him)
dialog: Okay. Sure.
dialog: (changing the subject)
dialog: You look good. Lost some weight?
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Gave up carbs. So what are you doing out here?
dialog: She not go along with it?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Who? Margaret?
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: How she hold up, anyway?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: She's fine. Actually, we're not doing so good right
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Any kids?
dialog: (off his look)
dialog: Still can't get one by the goalie, huh.
scene_heading: 93 INT. BARNELL HOME / KITCHEN - LATER 93
text: Gary and Margaret sit in silence, Gary taking Margaret's pulse. Jimbo walks in,
text: grocery bag in hand.
speaker_heading: JIMBO
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: (snarky)
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: JIMBO
dialog: Talked to our friend. We're okay for now. How's
dialog: everything here?
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Oh, just great.
dialog: (to Margaret)
text: Seventy six, perfectly normal. What a shock.
text: Gary jumps up and storms into the bathroom just off the kitchen.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
text: He's a little over tired.
speaker_heading: JIMBO
dialog: It's been a rough week.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: (for Gary's benefit)
dialog: Really? Why? You and your life partner in the shitter
dialog: having trouble picking a China pattern?
speaker_heading: JIMBO
dialog: (shocked)
dialog: Um, um... Gary?
speaker_heading: GARY (O.S.)
dialog: Your turn to deal with it. If I come out of this
dialog: bathroom I'll put a bullet in her head, swear to God.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: I have a psychiatric disorder.
dialog: (to Gary, in the bathroom)
dialog: And so do you!
scene_heading: 94 EXT. BARNELL MOBILE HOME / DRIVEWAY - MORNING 94
text: Paul, looking like a man who recently took a beating, shovels the light snow
text: cover that blankets the drive. He looks as Ted's car pulls up. As Ted walks
text: toward him...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Mr. Watters. You said on the phone something
dialog: about a resolution in our claim?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Mr. Barnell. Why are you staying out here?
text: Paul thinks about this for a long time. Then, finally...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: My wife and I, we're having some problems.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Kind of understandable I guess. Seeing as how you
dialog: killed that man and dumped his body out in the
dialog: woods.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You mean Raymond?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: No. Not Raymond. Definitely not Raymond. I
dialog: thought it was at first, but that's what was throwing
dialog: me...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I'm not sure I appreciate your tone.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: My tone, Mr. Barnell? You are going to jail. I will
dialog: personally see to that.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I really think you should go now.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: You are a liar and thief.
text: Paul stabs his shovel into a snow bank, then walks to Ted.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You know Mr. Watters, I've had a pretty rough night,
dialog: so if you wouldn't mind just leaving.
text: Paul tries to guide Ted away, but slips and falls on the snow. Ted, rolling his
text: eyes, reaches down to help him up.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (noticing the bruises)
dialog: Hey. How'd you get all cut up?
speaker_heading: MRS. WHERRY (O.S.)
dialog: What's say you just move away from him.
text: Ted, with his hands still on Paul, turns to see -- Mrs. Wherry, from her porch, a
text: compound bow aimed at his forehead.
scene_heading: MRS. WHERRY (cont'd)
dialog: You all right there, Paul?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I'm fine, Mrs. Wherry. Just go back inside.
scene_heading: MRS. WHERRY
dialog: I can drop him if you want.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I'm fine. Really.
dialog: (turning to Watters)
dialog: I think you'd better go.
text: Ted backs to his car, gets in and drives off. Paul brushes the snow from his
text: jacket, reaches up, touches his bleeding forehead (the fall having reopened the
dialog: wound).
scene_heading: MRS. WHERRY
dialog: I've got some fishing line if you want me to stitch that.
text: Paul waves her off, then stares at the blood on his fingertips. An idea slowly
text: takes hold.
scene_heading: 95 INT. BARNELL MOBILE HOME - MOMENTS LATER 95
text: Raymond pours whiskey into a 7-11 specialty cup as Paul pulls off his coat.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: He give you the check?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: No. He thinks I... It'll be fine.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Maybe I'll pay him a little visit. See if we can speed
dialog: up the process.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You don't have to... I figured out a way to take care of
dialog: things.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Yeah, I was watching from the window.
text: Paul, agitated, pulls the blinds shut.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You can't do that, Raymond. If someone sees you...
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Ya know, I been thinking there, Paulie.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: About what?
text: Raymond walks over to Paul. Paul tenses, expecting to be hit. Raymond
text: moves right by to refill his drink.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: After we get her back from these guys who grabbed
dialog: her, you think your wife'll be able to keep her mouth
dialog: shut?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I don't think I...
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Crazy people talk a lot. And I think if you tell your
dialog: therapist something, they can use it in court.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: She's not... she doesn't have a therapist.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: (taking a slug)
dialog: Still, might wanna think about it.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Think about what?
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: You crossed over into the bigs now, Paulie. Fraud.
dialog: Consorting with felons. Got to "cowboy up."
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Cowboy up?
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Get tough, ya suck-hole. I'm just saying sometimes
dialog: a man has to make problematic decisions. Cull the
dialog: heard, so to speak.
dialog: (off his look)
dialog: Paul, come on, just kiddin' around, here. Don't be
dialog: such a fuckin' stick.
text: Raymond, an enigma, looks at Paul, then grins -- just kidding. Paul relaxes.
text: Raymond tenses -- not really. Paul's not sure how to read his brother as they
text: shoot looks at one another -- sibling rivalry ad absurdum.
scene_heading: 96 EXT. CITY SKYLINE - MORNING 96
text: The sky moves from dark grey to light grey, then stops. A thermometer outside
text: on an office tower shows a brisk minus 20. Workers bundle themselves
text: against the cold, hurry to work past the drifts piled alongside the road.
scene_heading: 97 INT. INSURANCE OFFICE - MORNING 97
text: Ted walks in, throwing his coat over the wall of his cubicle and is about to sit
text: down when he notices Paul in his boss' office. Ted moves closer.
speaker_heading: PAUL (MUFFLED)
dialog: I haven't called the police yet, but I'll tell you it was
dialog: certainly tempting.
text: Ted opens the door to his boss' office. Paul doesn't notice.
speaker_heading: PAUL (cont'd)
dialog: I've had some dealings with, diseases of the mind,
dialog: and I can tell you he is not well.
text: Branch, obviously worried, stands.
speaker_heading: BRANCH
dialog: Watters. Glad you're... Mr. Barnell was just telling
dialog: me about the... meeting you two had.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I caught that, yes.
speaker_heading: BRANCH
dialog: As you can see... well, Mr. Barnell has some...
dialog: concerns.
text: Paul turns to look at Ted. He has a large band-aid on his forehead, scratches
text: and bruises on his face. It takes a second for the dime to drop.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: You don't think I did this?
text: Paul gets up and moves to the other side of the office.
speaker_heading: TED (cont'd)
dialog: Oh come on. I never laid a hand on him.
speaker_heading: BRANCH
text: Ted, his neighbor says... otherwise.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Now just hang on here. Let me show you
dialog: something...
text: Ted digs into his briefcase. He takes out a video tape, the police file on
text: Raymond and the photo of Raymond Paul dropped in the snow.
scene_heading: 98/99 INT. OFFICE - MOMENTS LATER 98/99
text: Paul and Branch listen intently as Ted paces, the TV/VCR plays shots of the
text: dead body in the background.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: See? Where's the birthmark? Your brother's police
dialog: report listed it...
dialog: (reading from the report)
text: "...large purple birthmark, upper left thigh..."
dialog: (leaning into the screen)
dialog: But I don't see it. Not on this body. You can see it in
dialog: the picture. See?
text: Ted points to the photo; Raymond, in the summer, wearing shorts with a
text: blotchy purple spot clearly visible on his leg.
speaker_heading: TED (cont'd)
dialog: So what, Mr. Barnell? Did it just disappear? Did it
dialog: just... get better.
text: Ted grins. His moment. Finally. Seconds feel like minutes.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: It... did get better.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Did it now. Well how in the world did that happen?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Raymond was always... bothered by it. When he
dialog: came back from... Florida, he'd
dialog: had it fixed. Laser surgery... like removing a tattoo.
text: Paul looks at Branch. It's an excuse Ted hadn't thought of before.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: He did not.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You taped my brother's body, in the morgue?
text: Paul stands and grabs the photo from off the desk.
speaker_heading: PAUL (cont'd)
dialog: And this? You stole pictures of my family? And
dialog: taped his naked body? What kind of sick company
dialog: are you running here?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Oh for... he's lying. It's obvious he...
text: Paul, feigning fear, shrinks back into the corner.
speaker_heading: TED (cont'd)
dialog: This is crazy. All we have to do is dig up the body...
dialog: check the leg for scars...
dialog: (bingo)
dialog: Dental records!
text: Paul goes white. He hadn't thought about this.
speaker_heading: BRANCH
dialog: That will be just about enough of that. Mr. Barnell, I'm
dialog: sorry it's all come to this. We'll have a check brought
dialog: over to you tomorrow morning.
text: Paul nods, stressed and strung out, he hugs the wall as he walks out. After a
dialog: moment...
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Sir, with all due respect, he's --
speaker_heading: BRANCH
dialog: Jesus, we're lucky he's not suing. Now tomorrow,
dialog: you deliver the check to Mr. Barnell with a complete
dialog: apology.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Fine, I understand how this looks --
speaker_heading: BRANCH
dialog: It looks like you beat the hell out of one of our policy
dialog: holders. Now send Cam in here.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: BRANCH
dialog: Well, while you were off on your little Easter Egg
dialog: hunt, your junior found us an out on that warehouse
text: robbery. Head office is bumping him a level.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (fuck me naked)
dialog: I'll go get him.
speaker_heading: BRANCH
dialog: They're very keen on him. They want me to feel him
dialog: out on a transfer --
text: Ted has left the office, SLAMMING the door behind him.
scene_heading: 100 INT. INSURANCE OFFICE STAIRWELL - MOMENTS LATER 100
text: The door CLANGS shut behind Paul as he dials his cell phone.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Hello... yes, I'm wondering what city department
dialog: would be in charge of... sure, I can hold.
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Hang on Mag Pie, just hang on.
text: Paul puts a hand to his chest. Suddenly dizzy, he drops to his knees and starts
text: to RETCH. Tears well up in his eyes. After a few moments, the storm passes.
text: Still on his knees, the person on the line comes back.
speaker_heading: PAUL (cont'd)
dialog: Yeah, hi. I was wondering if you could.... but I was...
dialog: sure.
text: He sits there, on hold again, waiting...
scene_heading: 101 INT. UNDERGROUND PARKING AREA - EVENING 101
text: Ted walks to his car. As he opens the door -- WHAM! A fist to his face drops
text: Ted. Raymond in a ski mask, picks him up, opens the car door and lays Ted's
text: head on the door jamb.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Listen you little prick, we've had just about enough of
dialog: this. You get me?
text: Raymond leans onto the door, Ted SCREAMING as his head is squashed in
dialog: the vice.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND (cont'd)
dialog: So let's just settle this right now, OK? We want
dialog: what's coming to us.
text: Ted tries to say "yes." Raymond releases his grip on the door, leans down and
text: grabs Ted's wallet and walks off.
speaker_heading: 102 OMITTED 102
scene_heading: 103 INT. BARNELL MOBILE HOME - NIGHT 103
text: Paul walks in on A LOUD PARTY. Raymond, drunk out of his head, has his
text: arms around two marginal looking HOOKERS.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Ray -
dialog: Not wanting to use his brother's real name.
speaker_heading: PAUL (cont'd)
dialog: Richard! What in the blazes are you doing?
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Hey Paul. Took care of our little problem today. We
dialog: should see some serious money any time, soon.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Could... I have a word with you?
scene_heading: 104 INT. BARNELL MOBILE HOME / KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS 104
text: Paul pulls the sliding door closed behind Raymond.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (whisper)
dialog: Are those...?
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: (serious)
dialog: Prostitutes?
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: I sure as hell hope so, cause Jehovah's Witnesses
dialog: won't lick your lolly no matter how much you pay
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: How did you get them here?
text: Raymond pulls out the credit card Paul got for him.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Put it on my plastic. See, got my name on it and
dialog: everything. It's every where I want to be.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You can't use that. You're supposed to be dead!
dialog: They'll track us down.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: You think they give a shit who pays the bill? Think for
dialog: a minute, will ya?
text: Paul turns, trying to compose himself, when he notices a handgun sitting out
text: on the counter.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: What... Raymond, what is... this?
text: Paul pokes at the gun, sending the barrel spinning around to face him.
text: Raymond grabs it and stuffs it into his pants.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: That's "muh gun," Paul.
text: Paul's cell phone RINGS.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND (cont'd)
dialog: Don't be long. The little spinner's yours.
text: Paul picks up the phone as the party revs back up.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Yes, hello. Sorry, what?
scene_heading: 105/106 INTERCUT: BARNELL HOME / KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS 105/106
text: Jimbo is on the wall mounted phone.
speaker_heading: JIMBO
dialog: You having a party, Mr. Barnell?
dialog: (embarrassed for Margaret)
dialog: That's... that's not right.
text: Margaret, now gagged, sits where we last saw her. She tries to talk through
dialog: the gag.
text: Gary's staring at his watch, calling out seconds.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Thirty, sorry, startinnng... Now!
text: Paul pulls the kitchen door closed with his free hand.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: There's no party...let me talk to my wife.
speaker_heading: JIMBO
dialog: Hang on.
text: He hands the phone to Margaret. Gary leaps up and stops him.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Twenty-five!
text: Jimbo pushes past him, pulls down Margaret's gag and holds the phone to
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Why are you counting?
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: Paul? Are you entertaining?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (a wave of relief)
dialog: Oh God, oh Jesus... Margaret, are you okay?
speaker_heading: RAYMOND (O.S.)
dialog: Paul, we got any more chips?
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Fifteen!
dialog: (grabs the phone)
dialog: The body. Have you -- (beat) No, I'm the other guy.
dialog: Have you got the body?
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Paul, the carrot little weasly one wants to carrot
dialog: screw me with his sick carrot little cock. And he's
dialog: messing up my kitchen. Carrotcarrocarrot...
text: Jimbo, annoyed, puts the gag back in Margaret's mouth.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You sick... Don't you hurt her!!
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: I never said anything like--
text: (looks at his watch in panic)
dialog: Yes or no. Ten seconds.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Yes! It'll... it'll happen tomorrow. Put Margaret back
dialog: on!
speaker_heading: RAYMOND (O.S.)
dialog: Paul! Chips!!
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Hello?
text: Gary lunges for the phone cradle like it's the finish line in the 100 meter dash,
text: slamming the phone down. A beat.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: I think I managed to avoid a trace.
speaker_heading: JIMBO
dialog: (quietly to Gary)
dialog: We're staying at his house.
scene_heading: 107 (END INTERCUT) INT. BARNELL MOBILE HOME KITCHEN 107
text: Paul goes to the cupboard and pulls out a box of potato chips. As he turns, he
text: sees one of the HOOKERS (30s) standing in the doorway. She gives Paul a
dialog: come hither look.
scene_heading: 108 INT. BARNELL GREAT ESCAPES TRAVEL - MORNING 108
text: A bruised Ted enters, once again the only person in the shop. He keeps his
text: parka on. Avis stands to greet him.
speaker_heading: AVIS
dialog: Hello. Can I help you?
speaker_heading: PAUL (O.S.)
dialog: (icily)
dialog: Mr. Watters?
text: Paul comes around the corner. He extends his hand, shocked to see the
text: bruises on Ted's face but knowing exactly where they came from.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Mr. Barnell. I have your check.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Thank you, I appreciate that.
dialog: (an awkward pause)
dialog: Please, sit.
text: Ted sits at Paul desk, reaches into his brief case and pulls out an envelope
dialog: and several forms.
speaker_heading: PAUL (cont'd)
dialog: Have a little accident, there?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I was mugged. The cops say it was just a random
dialog: act of violence. But who knows, right?
dialog: (re: documents)
dialog: You'll have to sign.
text: Ted slides the papers across to Paul, then gets up and moves around over
text: Paul's shoulder.
speaker_heading: TED (cont'd)
dialog: Where I've marked it with an X. And... I'd also like to
dialog: apologize for my --
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: No, please. You don't have to...
text: Paul, at a loss, starts to read the paperwork. He pulls open his desk drawer to
text: grab a pen. Ted looks down, sees the Sea Shell in the drawer.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: That's quite the shell.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (picking it up)
dialog: It was a gift from Raymond. He bought it for me from
dialog: Florida. It's all we have to remember him by.
text: Paul puts the shell down on the desk.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: That and a million dollars. Things really worked out
dialog: for you, didn't they? lots of cash, newly single guy...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I'm not single.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: ...so you gonna head down to Club Med? See how
dialog: much fun a big bank roll can buy?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Mr. Watters, I love my wife. Very much.
text: Ted can't help but look confused by this simple, yet sincere declaration.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Can we level with each other for a moment?
dialog: (Paul nods)
dialog: Did you --
text: Before he can finish his question, a DELIVERY DRIVER entering the office with
text: a large box.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Avis! Avis?
text: There's no answer. She's in the back.
speaker_heading: PAUL (cont'd)
dialog: Will you excuse me?
text: Paul gets up to deal with the delivery. Ted, sullen, picks up the shell and turns
text: it over in his hands. Avis enter from the back. She smiles at Ted, then sees
dialog: the shell.
speaker_heading: AVIS
dialog: Oh, that's where you went.
text: She takes the shell and reattaches it to the display for Aloha Air. Ted,
text: confused, walks over as Avis snaps the shell back into place.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: That's quite the display.
speaker_heading: AVIS
dialog: They do some very nice in store promotions.
text: Paul walks back, shocked to see the shell now back on the display. Ted just
text: stares at him.
speaker_heading: AVIS (cont'd)
dialog: Here it is Mr. Barnell.
dialog: (to Ted)
dialog: I thought someone might have walked out with it. It's
dialog: not the best neighborhood.
text: Avis walks back to her desk. Ted and Paul hold their look. Finally, Paul walks
text: back to his desk and the paperwork.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: So, right here, by the X.
text: Ted nods. Paul signs. Ted takes the envelope with the check, hands it to Paul
text: but doesn't let go. Paul tries to pull it free. He looks at Ted who looks right
text: through him. Just then, the lights go out. They're all in the dark.
speaker_heading: PAUL (cont'd)
dialog: We, uh... Avis? Call Municipal Light and Power and
dialog: let them know I'll... stop by in a bit.
text: Paul looks at Ted, embarrassed. Ted finally lets go of the check.
speaker_heading: PAUL (cont'd)
dialog: Thank you.
text: Ted shakes his head, gets up and walks out.
speaker_heading: 109 OMITTED 109
scene_heading: A109 EXT. "BARNELL GREAT ESCAPES TRAVEL" - NIGHT A109
text: Paul, seen through the window, sits alone in the dark. His face lit only by a
text: small flashlight, he is completely still.
scene_heading: 110 INT. TED'S APARTMENT - NIGHT 110
text: Tiffany on her headset with a customer. Ted on the sofa, lost in thought and
text: whatever's on the TV.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: There's nothing to be embarrassed about.
dialog: (a snide glance at Ted)
dialog: A lot of people find talking to a psychic very
dialog: therapeutic. So what's on your mind, Carlos?
scene_heading: 111 INTERCUT WITH: "BARNELL GREAT ESCAPES TRAVEL" - CONT. 111
text: An overwrought Paul is on the phone with Tiffany, sitting in the dark. He's got
text: his home phone bill in front of him.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I have a situation. My wife... do you think it's okay to
dialog: do something kinda bad to someone if you think
dialog: they're gonna do something really bad to someone
dialog: else?
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: What if it's a really bad thing?
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: Well, you probably shouldn't break the law if you can
dialog: help it. Are you really sure they're going to do this
dialog: other thing?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I'm... I... I don't know. He said some things. He said
dialog: he was joking, but I... I think he might.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: Don't think, know. How close are you to the other
dialog: someone else, the one you're trying to protect?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (crying)
dialog: I just, I just... Have you ever felt like that? Like your
dialog: own life didn't even matter, as long as...
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: (touched)
dialog: Listen to me, Carlos. Your wife is an incredibly lucky
dialog: woman. I know, relationships are tough, but you do
dialog: what you gotta do to keep it together, okay?
dialog: Remember, love is sacrifice.
text: Ted can't help but SNORT at the mention of this familiar phrase as he looks at
text: Tiffany. Tiffany glares back at him.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (sniffling)
dialog: I guess you're right.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: Now you get tough. And remember, this call is for
dialog: entertainment purposes only. Call me back and let
dialog: me know how it goes.
text: Tiffany hangs up and walks out. Ted tries to catch her eye and let her know he
dialog: was just kidding. He can't. She goes.
scene_heading: 112 INT. PAUL'S CAR - LATER 112
text: Paul behind the wheel, a strange determined look on his face. He appears be
text: steeling himself for something.
scene_heading: 113 INT. BARNELL MOBILE HOME / MAIN AREA - LATER 113
text: Paul enters, SLAMMING the door behind him as Raymond looks up from his
dialog: porno magazine.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (blowing by)
text: She's having sex with them.
text: And with that, Paul disappears into the back bedroom.
scene_heading: 114 INT. BARNELL MOBILE HOME / BACK BEDROOM - MOMENTS LATER 114
text: Paul sits, waiting. After what seems like forever, Raymond walks in.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Who's doing what?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Margaret. You know that Stockholm Syndrome
dialog: thing?
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: The movie?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: When you fall in love with your kidnappers.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Get the fuck out of here.
speaker_heading: PAUL
text: I went by there. She was in the bedroom with the big
dialog: one.
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Not the first time, either.
dialog: (a flash of panic)
text: With other men, not kidnappers.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: For real?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Her therapist. And some guy she... hardly knew.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Wow. Sucks to be you.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Shut up.
text: Raymond, a momentary flash of anger, sits on the bed beside his brother.
text: Paul does his best not to flinch.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: I always knew she was a fucking tease.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Yeah. Guess you were right.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Well, you want my opinion...
dialog: (Paul nods)
dialog: I don't trust her, Paul. Never did.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You think she'd... really mess things up?
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
text: Only one way to make sure she doesn't.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Not sure what you're saying?
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: You remember that pooch Mom had? Crazy little
dialog: Jack Russel with the bladder infection?
speaker_heading: PAUL
text: Whole basement stank.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Nothing you can do but put the thing out of it's
dialog: misery. And yours.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You... You sure, Ray?
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Trust me, Bro'. Leaky dogs, crazy women. Two
dialog: things no man should have to live with.
text: As Ray stands to go, Paul nods, his heart ripped apart for any number of
dialog: reasons.
scene_heading: 115 INT. BANK OFFICE - MORNING 115
text: Paul sits in the manager's office, signing forms. A large BANK GUARD stands
text: nearby. The reason? One million dollars in hundred dollar bills neatly stacked
text: on the desk.
scene_heading: 116 INT. OUTDOOR CLOTHING STORE - DAY 116
text: Paul, with his sack of one million dollars at his feet, is calmly trying on new
text: winter coats with a CLERK. He feels each one, checking the amount of
text: padding. He finally settles on a red full-length down parka.
scene_heading: 117 INT. "BARNELL GREAT ESCAPES TRAVEL" - LATER 117
text: The lights are back on as Paul, wearing his oversized red parka comes
text: through the front door carrying his sack of cash. Avis looks up.
speaker_heading: AVIS
dialog: Mr. Barnell? I didn't expect you back today. Nice
dialog: jacket.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Well... I am. And Avis?
speaker_heading: AVIS
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You've been with me for five years? Paul? Can we
dialog: make it Paul?
text: Paul enters the back room, closes the door. Avis walks over.
speaker_heading: AVIS
dialog: Sure. I just thought it was more professional when
dialog: people were around to call you Mr. Barnell.
speaker_heading: PAUL (O.S.)
dialog: Avis. There haven't been any people in here for
dialog: months. No one comes in here, unless they're
dialog: looking for pornographic movies or deep fried fish,
dialog: neither of which we carry. So you can call me pretty
dialog: much anything you want and it won't impress the
dialog: customers at all because we don't have any.
speaker_heading: AVIS
dialog: Are you OK, Paul?
text: Paul opens the door. Avis is surprised to see billowing clouds of down floating
text: in the air behind him.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: No Avis, to be frank I'm a little frazzled right now.
dialog: Now could you get me some tape, my passport out
text: of the safe and two open-ended tickets to Paraguay.
text: Paul shuts the door. Avis gets to work.
scene_heading: 118 INT. COFFEE ROOM - DAY 118
text: ARNITH and BILL, two city workers, sit sipping coffee at a cafeteria table. The
text: room is white, very clean and fairly new. The men wear large orange overalls,
text: their white construction safety helmets sit on the table beside them.
speaker_heading: ARNITH
dialog: Trouble is the city keeps cutting us back and cutting
dialog: us back.
text: Raymond and Paul, wearing his big red parka, enter.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Excuse me, are you Arnith?
text: ARNITH sips his coffee, points to his name patch but doesn't look up.
speaker_heading: PAUL (cont'd)
dialog: Great. I was told to give you this.
text: Paul hands Arnith a folded form. Arnith puts his hand out, forcing Paul to move
text: the form to him. As Arnith looks at it.
speaker_heading: PAUL (cont'd)
dialog: Disinterment order. Got it from the coroner's office.
dialog: My brother didn't want to be buried.
speaker_heading: ARNITH
dialog: How'd you know?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Know what?
speaker_heading: ARNITH
dialog: That he didn't want to be buried.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: He left it in a letter.
speaker_heading: ARNITH
dialog: And you just got it now?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Ya know, I don't mean to be rude here, but I'm not
dialog: sure this is any of your business.
speaker_heading: ARNITH
dialog: That's entirely possible.
text: Bill stifles a LAUGH. Raymond is about to tear out Arnith's spine. Paul holds
dialog: his brother back.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I, I don't think this is anything to be flippant about.
speaker_heading: ARNITH
dialog: I appreciate that, Sir. But I'm on a union specified
dialog: break right now, which means you are talking to me
dialog: as a private citizen. Now as a private citizen I can
dialog: pretty much say whatever I want to. If
dialog: you talk to me in 15 minutes I can assure you, you
dialog: will be afforded every courtesy as specified in the
dialog: workers policy guide and recently ratified in our
dialog: latest collective agreement dated --
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Sorry. I'm just --
speaker_heading: ARNITH
dialog: Trying to get your brother out of the ground. We
dialog: couldn't be more pleased. You've arranged for
dialog: transportation of the remains?
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: We're gonna take him to go.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: See, now that's a problem. We can't release the
dialog: body into your custody unless you are licensed by
dialog: the state to convey deceased persons.
speaker_heading: ARNITH
dialog: Good point Bill. Bill knows exhumation policy. You
dialog: can look it up but I'm betting he's right. You come
dialog: back with a bonded agent and we'll get right on this.
text: Paul thinks for a moment, digs into his pocket pulls out five crisp, new hundred
text: dollar bills and SLAMS them on the table.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I'll give you five hundred dollars to go get him now.
scene_heading: 119 EXT. GRAVEYARD - DAY 119
text: A large back hoe TURNS OVER. The muffler BELCHES a cloud of black
text: smoke into the air. Arnith is at the controls, expertly maneuvering the shovel
text: end towards the unmarked grave.
scene_heading: 120 INT. TRUNK OF PAUL'S CAR 120
text: Black. The trunk lid opens as Bill and Arnith dump a well-wrapped body
text: unceremoniously into the trunk. Arnith and Bill look at each other. Bill closes
text: the lid. Black.
speaker_heading: ARNITH (O.S.)
dialog: There ya go Mr. Barnell. Snug as a bug in a rug.
dialog: Anything else we can get you?
scene_heading: 121 INT. NICK'S STRIP BAR - NIGHT 121
text: Ted sits at the bar beside Cam. Ted, close to being drunk, plays with a book of
text: matches as a STRIPPER struts to Tennessee Ernie Ford's version of "16
dialog: Tons."
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: So... Miami, huh? Can you believe that? One little
dialog: case and "boom", you're the flavor of the month.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (without a trace of sincerity)
dialog: Congratulations. Why are you here?
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: Say thanks. I really owe you. If you hadn't given me
dialog: a shot on that--
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Forget it. I'm trying to.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: So we were all kinda wondering... what did happen
dialog: to your face?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Car trouble.
text: Ted gets up, a little shaky on his feet.
speaker_heading: CAM
dialog: Should you be driving?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Absolutely not.
text: Ted gets up and walks to the door.
scene_heading: A121 EXT. NICK'S BAR - NIGHT A121
text: Ted exits, a BLAST of Arctic wind and snow hits him in the face. He closes his
text: eyes, letting the cold run over him.
scene_heading: 122 INT. PAUL'S HOUSE - NIGHT 122
text: Margaret sits at the dinner table, as Gary puts down an overly large serving
text: plate of tuna casserole. Jimbo walks in, takes a seat and a scoop full of food.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: We set?
speaker_heading: JIMBO
dialog: Yeah. How you feel about the turnout by Summit Hill
dialog: where the snowmobilers park?
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Fine.
text: They all dig in. Gary looks expectantly. Just the sound of chewing. Finally, he
dialog: can't wait.
speaker_heading: GARY (cont'd)
dialog: (to Jimbo)
dialog: You like it?
speaker_heading: MARGARET
text: Tastes like a rectal polyp.
text: A long, protracted silence. Then...
speaker_heading: JIMBO
dialog: (to Gary)
dialog: How would she know.
text: Gary CHUCKLES as he gets up for some ketchup. Margaret stares at Jimbo,
text: who gives her a "I'll-say-what-I-need-to-have-peace-in-this-house." Margaret
text: smiles, then discretely slides him the salt. Jimbo quickly douses his food.
scene_heading: 123 EXT. PAUL'S HOUSE - LATE AT NIGHT 123
text: Ted pulls up in front of Paul's home. He stares at something that looks like a
text: tree on the front lawn. He looks closer -- it's a "For Sale" sign.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Blowing town, are we, Mr. Barnell? I don't think so.
text: Ted staggers through the snow to the sign and drunkenly pushes it down into
dialog: the snow.
speaker_heading: TED (cont'd)
dialog: I'm not done yet "travel man!" You hear me?!
text: LAUGHING, he takes some matches from his pocket and tries to light the "For
text: Sale" sign on fire. It's no use. He quits. He's cold now. He gets up and
text: staggers back to his car.
speaker_heading: 124 OMITTED 124
speaker_heading: 125 OMITTED 125
scene_heading: 126 INT. BARNELL MOBILE HOME / LIVING ROOM - MOMENTS LATER 126
text: Raymond, half in the bag, sits on the sofa.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: See, I could have had her. We both know that, but I
dialog: figured, she was such a... I mean, I don't know why...
dialog: You know why?
speaker_heading: PAUL (O.S.)
dialog: No. You want a refill?
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Does a duck shit under water?
text: Paul walks in with two glasses. He hands Raymond the larger.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND (cont'd)
dialog: Any trouble getting the bank to handle that much
dialog: cash?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: They said it'd be in tomorrow by --
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Right, right, you told me. Then all we have to do is
dialog: get her and the thing... Hey, remember that time in
dialog: school, when I jumped out and scared you, and you
dialog: fucking pee'd all over yourself?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Was pretty funny.
dialog: (raises his mug)
text: Bottoms up.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Okay, "Puddles." Remember how they called you
dialog: that? Huh, "Puddles?"
dialog: (about to drink - then)
dialog: Christ, what time is it?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: It's early. Come on... ya...
dialog: (uncomfortably)
dialog: ...pussy.
text: Raymond LAUGHS, takes the drink.
scene_heading: 127 EXT. BARNELL MOBILE HOME - CONTINUOUS 127
text: A beautiful winter's night, the soft snowy silence broken only by Raymond's
dialog: drunken shot of...
speaker_heading: RAYMOND (O.S.)
dialog: Pussy!!!
text: A startled rabbit scurries across the snow.
scene_heading: 128 INT. BARNELL MOBILE HOME / VARIOUS - LATER 128
text: Raymond is passed out on the sofa. Paul sits, gun in hand, the barrel pointed
text: at Raymond's forehead. His finger grazes the trigger... but it's suddenly all too
text: real. Paul lowers the gun, takes a deep breath and tries again. Not wanting to
text: be sprayed by Raymond's gray matter, he half turns his head... Another idea
text: comes to him. Paul picks up a plastic picnic plate to use as a shield from the
dialog: blow back.
text: He gets ready to fire again, then makes the mistake of looking at Raymond.
text: Maybe it's the light... maybe it's the small puddle of drool on the cushion, but he
text: looks almost angelic. Paul stares at his brother.
text: In the kitchen, Paul fills a glass with water, empties the pistol's bullets into
text: The cup and hides it on the top shelf.
text: Paul puts the gun back. Not sure of his next move, he spots the beat up clock
text: radio lying next to his brother.
scene_heading: A128 EXT. BARNELL HOME - MORNING A128
dialog: Establishing.
scene_heading: 129 INT. BARNELL HOME / BEDROOM - MORNING 129
text: Margaret, still tied up, lays on top of the bed covers.
text: Gary walks past, looks in, checks his watch, then heads to the bathroom.
text: Margaret listens as Gary turns on the jacuzzi tub jets. As he starts singing,
text: Margaret sits up and scooches over to the phone on the end table. Her hands
text: tied loosely to her chest, she manages to dial by placing the phone receiver flat
text: on the bed.
speaker_heading: JIMBO (O.S.)
dialog: Gary! You seen my shirt?
text: Margaret looks over to see Jimbo, wearing Paul's pajamas, walking past while
text: shaving with a portable razor. As the line rings.
speaker_heading: JIMBO (O.S.) (cont'd)
dialog: Aw jeez, again?
speaker_heading: GARY (O.S.)
dialog: It relaxes me. You know it has twelve different
dialog: settings?
speaker_heading: JIMBO (O.S.)
dialog: No Gary, I don't know that because every time I
dialog: thought about using it someone was in it.
speaker_heading: GARY (O.S.)
dialog: Hey, I do a lot around here.
text: As they continue to squabble, the phone line connects.
speaker_heading: 911 RECORDING
dialog: You have reached 9-11. All our operators are busy,
dialog: but your call will be handled in the order in which it
dialog: was received. If this is a --
text: Margaret, using her nose, hangs up.
scene_heading: 132 INT. BARNELL MOBILE HOME / LIVING ROOM 132
text: Paul, quiet as a mouse and dressed in his money-lined parka, picks up his
text: cell and his car keys, drops them quietly into his pocket. Just as he finishes...
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: (half asleep)
dialog: What's going on.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: We're out of coffee. But I'll be right back. Still early.
text: Not to worry. Raymond has already rolled over.
scene_heading: 133 INT. BARNELL HOME / BEDROOM 133
text: Margaret has just dialed another number. It RINGS on the other end... And
text: RINGS... And connects.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: Paul?
speaker_heading: AUTOMATED VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: The number you have dialed is no longer in service.
dialog: If you think you have --
text: Margaret disconnects the call, then dials again.
scene_heading: 134 INT. TED'S APARTMENT - CONTINUOUS 134
text: A woozy Ted is trying to keep Tiffany's phone from RINGING.
text: Finally, he puts on the headset and hits a computer key. It connects.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Yeah? Hello? (coughs) Hello?
text: He hits a few keys on the computer keyboard. The screen pops to life. The line
dialog: connects.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: Oh thank fucking Christ. Is Tiffany there?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: No, she's...
text: He pulls off a yellow Post It note stuck to the computer. It reads: "Coffee made.
dialog: Don't touch my computer. Back in 10."
text: Unseen on the computer screen beside him, the name "Margaret Barnell"
text: pops up, along with all her pertinent information like pet's name, husband,
dialog: delusions...
speaker_heading: TED (cont'd)
dialog: She'll be back in a few minutes. You want to try
dialog: later?
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: Well you should know, fuck-wit. You know there's a
dialog: man with a gun in my shower, right now?
text: Ted, distracted, turns as he hears the doorknob turning.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Hang on, she's on her way --
text: Finally he notices the computer screen. Holy shit.
speaker_heading: TED (cont'd)
dialog: (tentatively)
dialog: Mrs. Barnell?
text: But before she can answer, Tiffany walks in carrying a laundry basket, pulls the
text: headset off Ted's head and holds it up to her ear.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: I'm here, Margaret. How you feeling today?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Give me the headset.
text: Ted grabs for the headset, Tiffany resists.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: (to Ted)
dialog: What is wrong with you?
scene_heading: 135 INT. BARNELL HOME / BEDROOM 135
text: Margaret sits in the same position on the bed by the phone. Gary, in the
text: shower, belts out some SHOW TUNE.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: Christ, where do you want to start?
scene_heading: 136 INT. TED'S APARTMENT 136
text: Tiffany shoves Ted, who loses his balance and stumbles backward. She puts
text: on the headset.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: Sorry about that. Mrs. Barnell? Could you speak up
dialog: a bit?
text: Ted is at her side, trying to listen in by pressing his ear to the outside of the
text: headset.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: What's she saying?
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
text: Something about the gay mafia taking her to a park
dialog: to kill her. Can you hand me my Help Line list?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: What... Wha...
text: Ted's throat seizes up again. He stumbles to the kitchen, gulping water from
text: the faucet. Tiffany watches with some amusement.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: Margaret, are you sure these are real people in your
dialog: house?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Find out where she...
text: His voice locks up again. More water.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: (listening to a profane ramble)
dialog: Well then it's a good thing you called. Nope, not
dialog: seeing any problems, but hang on, let me really
dialog: concentrate.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Ask her...
dialog: Ted's not doing much better.
scene_heading: 137 INT. BARNELL HOME / BEDROOM 137
text: Margaret hears the shower stop running.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: Shit on toast.
text: She hangs up, places the gag back in her mouth and hustles back into place.
scene_heading: 138 INT. TED'S APARTMENT - MOMENTS LATER 138
text: Ted, pulls on his boots and his jacket. In his hand, an address scribbled down
text: on a piece of note paper. Tiffany watches, not happy.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: You're sure this is it?
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: She specifically mentioned the cock-sucking turnout
text: up the highway where the snowmobilers hang out.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I'll call later.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: I won't be here.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Excuse me?
text: The phone RINGS. Tiffany lets it.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: I know relationships aren't all sunshine and roses,
dialog: but I'm really not having fun anymore, and I don't
dialog: think you are either.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: God, now's so not the time, Tiff.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: Maybe you have to be like this right now, and I'm just
dialog: not in a good space to deal with it. But...
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: But what?
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: Maybe we shouldn't be like this together.
text: Tiffany gives him that look every man who's ever crossed the line for the last
text: time is all too familiar with.
text: Ted stares. Words fail him. Finally, his only recourse is to hurry out the door
text: which shuts with a BANG. Tiffany lets the phone continue to RING as she
text: stares at the door. Sadly, she hits the computer key that picks it up.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY (cont'd)
dialog: Psychic Buddies. How are you Mr. Bennett? I think
dialog: she'd be fine with you remarrying, but hang on, let
dialog: me concentrate.
text: Ted opens the door, steps back inside.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: OK. Come on.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: (to Ted)
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I've been cutting you out of my life and as a result our
dialog: normal communication channels have been
dialog: blocked. I think you coming with me would... would...
text: He's reaching, but Tiffany looks cautiously hopeful.
speaker_heading: TED (cont'd)
dialog: ...further the development of our relationship and
dialog: allow us to both... realize the potential of our...
dialog: interpersonalism.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: If you're going to be sarcastic.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I'm not being anything. Swear to God.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: Okay. Why do you want me to come?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (total sincerity)
dialog: Cause if you don't, then I'll have to stay, and I'll be
dialog: mad at you and eventually we'll break up over it, and
dialog: as bad as my life is right now, that would make it a
dialog: million times worse.
text: Tiffany smiles, genuinely touched.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: (into the phone)
dialog: Mr. Bennett, she's totally cool with it. but listen,
dialog: you're gonna have to call back... I gotta go help my
dialog: boyfriend.
speaker_heading: 139 OMITTED 139
scene_heading: 140 INT. PAUL'S CAR - CONTINUOUS 140
text: Paul drives, smiling for the first time in a long time. He listens to the
text: beautifully wrenching Iz-Kamakawiwo'Ole's version of "Somewhere Over the Rainbow"
text: on the radio. (The music continues over the next two scenes.)
scene_heading: 141 EXT. TED'S APARTMENT BUILDING - LATER 141
text: Ted and Tiffany walk out to their car. They sneak looks at each other, not
text: entirely sure what emotional sign-post they just passed.
scene_heading: 142 INT. BARNELL GARAGE 142
text: Gary and Jimbo, with Margaret, hands bound, walk into the garage. Jodie (the
text: dog) runs out after them. Margaret looks at Jimbo, who takes the dog and
text: gently puts him back inside.
scene_heading: 143 INT. TED'S CAR / CITY STREETS - LATER 143
text: Ted and Tiffany drive in silence. Then...
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: Okay, it's called the listening game. You talk, I listen,
dialog: and I can't interrupt. Then we switch.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Doesn't sound like much of a game, but... I can talk
dialog: about anything?
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: Yes.
text: Ted smiles, and launches in...
scene_heading: 144 INT. JIMBO'S CAR / CITY STREETS - LATER 144
text: Gary leans into the backseat and holds a magazine in front of Margaret's face.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: See the little box down there? Lists all the
dialog: symptoms of that Tourette's thing, and you don't
dialog: have half of them.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: And?
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: And? And you're faking it.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: Magazines don't prove anything.
speaker_heading: JIMBO
dialog: Gary, can we just try and get there in peace?
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Magazines prove everything!!
scene_heading: 145 EXT. BARNELL MOBILE HOME 145
text: The residence seen from a distance.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND (O.S.)
dialog: That little prick!!!
text: As the camera rushes the mobile home, from inside comes the sounds of a
text: very angry man. Then, just as we're at the door, it SLAMS OPEN. Raymond
text: stands in the doorway, a mountain of anger in a hastily pulled on parka.
text: He's holding the clock radio by the cord. He checks his wristwatch, then
text: smashes the clock radio against the trailer.
text: Stalking toward his car, he checks the pistol in his side pocket, then, almost as
text: an afterthought, opens the clip. No bullets. He smiles.
scene_heading: 146 EXT. GLACIER - LATER 146
text: A not-well-frequented tourist spot, featuring an expansive, far-as-the-eye-can
text: see carpet of white. The road from the turnoff is about 200 yards long, leading
text: to a plowed out parking area. The road is the only way in or out. Paul's car
text: takes the corner and heads toward the parking area.
scene_heading: 147 INT. JIMBO'S CAR / HIGHWAY - CONTINUOUS 147
text: Margaret in the back, Jimbo and Gary in the front.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: You can't be serious.
speaker_heading: JIMBO
dialog: I'm still not sleeping.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Jimbo. Come on.
speaker_heading: JIMBO
dialog: It's a thought, okay. With hard work, you can live okay
dialog: as a civilian.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: After all this...
speaker_heading: JIMBO
dialog: Yeah, after all this.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Don't you go soft on me, Jimbo.
text: Margaret LAUGHS through her gag in the backseat. Gary and Jimbo pretend
text: not to hear her. They drive on in silence.
scene_heading: 148 EXT. PARKING AREA - CONTINUOUS 148
text: Gary and Jimbo's car pulls in, sliding to a stop beside Paul.
speaker_heading: 149 OMITTED 149
scene_heading: 150 INT. TED'S CAR / HIGHWAY 150
text: Tiffany and Ted drive. Ted has just finished. Tiffany has been paying rapt
dialog: attention.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: So this is kind of like a really weird "Law and Order"
dialog: episode?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Sure. I guess.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: And if Paul Barnell already killed his brother...
speaker_heading: TED
text: Maybe his wife is next.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: Cool. My turn?
dialog: (Ted nods)
dialog: Now a healthy relationship is...
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Hey, here we are.
text: Ted takes the turnoff to the parking area.
scene_heading: 151 INT. GUN STORE - MOMENTS LATER 151
text: A young, bored female CLERK (18) is behind the counter as the door CHIMES
text: go off. She looks up to see Raymond walking in, gun in hand. Raymond lays it
text: on the counter.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Calibre?
scene_heading: 152 EXT. PARKING AREA 152
text: Ted's car pulls up at the far end of the lot, about 200 yards from where Paul,
text: Gary and Jimbo are parked. Paul's car is in between Ted's car and Jimbo's.
text: Paul gets out of his car, as do Jimbo and Gary. Paul looks for Margaret in the
text: back of Jimbo's car, but she remains lying down on the backseat.
speaker_heading: JIMBO
dialog: Mr. Barnell. I'll assume you've got our friend back
dialog: there?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Yes. You can let her go now.
scene_heading: 153 INT. TED'S CAR 153
text: Ted looks at Paul's car, too far away to see much. He's about to get out when
text: Tiffany stops him.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: (gently)
dialog: So, do you have a plan here?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I'm gonna go talk to him. You mind staying here?
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: I guess. So when do we call the cops?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Soon as I... if he actually is doing... something. I'll
dialog: wave, alright?
text: Tiffany gives him a quick kiss.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: That's a very good plan.
text: Ted's about to jump out of the car, but has to pull back his door as another
text: vehicle slides in beside them, the driver locking his brakes and sliding into the
text: snow embankment.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY (cont'd)
dialog: Tourists.
text: Ted, a confused look on his face, looks over as Raymond gets out of his
dialog: vehicle.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY (cont'd)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: That was...
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: Who?
text: Ted, too excited, fumbles with his seat belt as he tries to jump out of the car.
scene_heading: 154 CORPSE'S POV: FROM PAUL'S OPEN TRUNK 154
text: Black. The lid opens. Jimbo, Gary and Paul look in at the frozen body. Jimbo
text: recoils at the mangled mess before him. Gary reaches down and touches the
text: well-chewed body.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: How do we know it's him?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Come on! Where would I get another one?
text: Good point. Paul hands him the ransom money.
speaker_heading: 155 OMITTED 155
scene_heading: 156 EXT. PARKING AREA 156
text: Ted rushes up beside Raymond.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Excuse me. Aren't you... Raymond Barnell?
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: I know you?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (confused)
dialog: You're... You're dead?
text: Raymond shoots him a look... Clearly this was taken as a threat. Ted can't
text: help but step back.
speaker_heading: TED (cont'd)
dialog: That came out so wrong.
text: Raymond sizes up Ted, then looks off to Paul's car.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Go away, now.
text: Raymond walks on. Ted, realizing he has no choice, runs and jumps in front of
text: Raymond, blocking his way.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Okay, I don't know exactly what's going on here, but if
dialog: you would come with me to my office, just for a few
dialog: minutes, it would really help me out with my boss.
text: Raymond steps around Ted. Ted stays with him.
speaker_heading: TED (cont'd)
dialog: Look, I'm not trying to screw with your life at all, but
dialog: you can't just walk off with a million dollars and
dialog: expect people to--
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: (stops cold)
dialog: How much?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: See, your brother has, and I use this term carefully,
dialog: stolen a million dollars from my insurance company.
dialog: Now if we--
text: Before he can finish, Raymond hits him with an elbow to the temple. Ted
text: drops to his knees, but even as Raymond tries to walk off, Ted manages to
text: grab his ankle.
scene_heading: 157 INT. TED'S CAR 157
text: Tiffany is busy fiddling with the radio, missing the fight just outside her window
text: as she tunes in the Beach Boys "Wouldn't It Be Nice."
scene_heading: 158 EXT. PARKING AREA / BY PAUL'S CAR 158
text: At Jimbo's car, Gary is folding the corpse into the trunk as Jimbo pulls Margaret
text: upright from the backseat and tugs down her gag. She smiles at him as, with
text: great care, he helps her out of the car and presents her to her husband.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: It's all over honey. It's all over. Did they hurt you?
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: (smiling/whisper)
dialog: Does food poisoning count? Have you been eating?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You know me when I get busy.
text: She touches the bruise under his eye.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: Did you fall?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Just a little.
dialog: (to Jimbo)
dialog: Hey, we're gonna get...
text: That's when Paul sees what Jimbo and Gary are watching.
text: Raymond kicks Ted in the head, turns, spots Paul and breaks into a run.
text: Paul seems frozen, but just for a moment.
speaker_heading: JIMBO
dialog: Who the hell is that?
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: Paul?
text: Paul discretely takes off his red parka and drapes it over Margaret's shoulders.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Honey, I need you to start walking to that hill over
dialog: there, alright?
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I'll catch up in a bit. Now, no matter what you hear,
dialog: just keep going, alright. And if I'm... late or
dialog: something, just look in the coat, alright?
text: Margaret nods, kisses her husband quickly on the cheek, then starts to walk
dialog: off.
text: Paul, Gary and Jimbo watch, transfixed at the down-parka'd shit-storm that is
text: headed their way.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: (nervous)
dialog: Jimbo?
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: A million dollars, Paul!? You really think you could
dialog: take me? Again!
speaker_heading: JIMBO
dialog: What million dollars?
text: Gary and Jimbo look over at Paul, somewhat confused. Raymond's ten yards
text: out, and they can now see he's taken out his gun. He's aiming it at Paul.
text: Paul looks over his shoulder at Margaret, who's having some trouble making it
text: up a snow covered hill.
text: Gary's hand slips into his pocket, grabbing hold of his gun. Raymond,
text: oblivious, moves right past.
scene_heading: 159 INT. TED'S CAR 159
text: Tiffany finally looks over at Ted, who's just getting to his feet. She bursts out
dialog: of the car...
scene_heading: 160 EXT. PARKING AREA / BY PAUL'S CAR 160
text: Raymond reaches Paul, takes the gun and points it at the top of his head.
text: Paul's eyes shut tight, expecting the worst.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Raymond... please.
text: But shooting your brother is tougher than it looks. Paul opens his eyes.
text: Raymond tries to pull the trigger again, but can't. He moves the barrel six
text: inches to the right and shoots Margaret in the back. She drops face first into
dialog: the snow.
text: Paul's world ends.
text: Ears RINGING, he rushes toward his wife.
text: Jimbo can't believe it as Gary holds him back.
speaker_heading: JIMBO
dialog: Hey! What the fuck!!
text: Raymond, a look of relief on his face, turns to Jimbo.
speaker_heading: JIMBO (cont'd)
dialog: She had nothing to do with this!
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: And you do?
text: But even before Raymond can raise his weapon, Gary pulls his gun and gets it
text: pointed (shakily) at Raymond.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND (cont'd)
dialog: Oh put it down, Nancy.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: You first.
speaker_heading: JIMBO
dialog: Gary! Just --
text: Raymond drops his gun to his side. Gary smiles, too happy he won the face
dialog: off.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: You win, tough guy.
text: Gary, trying to be cool, flips the gun to his other hand. As he does-- BANG! The
text: bullet rips into the snow about six feet from Raymond's feet.
text: Raymond glares at Gary. So does Jimbo.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: (meek, apologetic)
dialog: Sorry.
text: Jimbo lunges for cover as Raymond FIRES back. Gary, truly terrified, closes
text: his eyes as he squeezes off shots on the run -- BANGBANGBANGBANG.
text: One bullet bounces off Paul's car. One hits Raymond. With a quizzical look on
text: his face, he drops to his knees. A large crimson stain forms on his jacket.
text: Everything goes quiet, except for the sounds coming from...
text: Paul, almost crazed with grief, cradles his wife's body.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Oh God... Oh Jesus...
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: (muffled)
dialog: Oh fucking hell... I can't... breath.
text: Paul gently turns her over. Margaret, alive, unharmed but winded, tries to catch
text: her breath.
speaker_heading: MARGARET (cont'd)
dialog: Paul... Someone kicked me.
text: Paul feels around the bullet hole and pulls out a stack of money, now
text: embedded with the slug from the Raymond's gun. He starts to weep tears of
dialog: relief.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Can you stand.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: Is... The Pope... a...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Okay, easy...
text: Gary is behind the other car with Jimbo.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: (starting to lose it)
dialog: He just, fell... Oh Jesus, oh God.
text: Jimbo gently takes Gary's gun.
speaker_heading: JIMBO
dialog: I know.
text: As Jimbo puts an arm around Gary and helps him to the car, he sees Paul,
text: arm around Margaret, coming their way. Everyone stops. A look passes, then
text: both couples move off.
scene_heading: 161 EXT. PARKING AREA - CONTINUOUS 161
text: As Jimbo and Gary drive away, Paul brings Margaret to his vehicle. Spotting
text: Raymond, he walks over, kicks the gun away, then leans down. Raymond's not
text: dead, but he's close.
text: Paul has to turn away.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: (laboured)
dialog: Look at me, you little...
text: Paul turns back, not angry, not frightened, just a little sad. Raymond, taken
text: aback for a moment, tries for one last verbal shot, but all he can manage is...
speaker_heading: RAYMOND (cont'd)
dialog: Puddles.
text: And Raymond dies.
scene_heading: 162 EXT. PARKING AREA - CONTINUOUS 162
text: Paul turns back to his car when he spots a delirious, damaged Ted stumbling
text: toward him with Tiffany desperate to drag him the other way.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Where do think you're going?
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: Ted, leave him alone.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: No, no, no. I have been beaten, humiliated, had my
dialog: head squeezed by a guy... and I am getting some
dialog: answers, right now.
text: Ted, barely able to stay on his feet (concussion) gets in front of Paul, and just
text: stands there and waits. Paul can't help but feel bad for the guy.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Well go ahead.
dialog: (re: his left ear)
dialog: I can still kind of hear out of this one.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (a long pause)
dialog: I love my wife, Mr. Watters. And when you love
dialog: someone, I mean, really love someone...
text: The punch hits Paul on the top of his head. He stumbles back, but Ted is on
text: him before he can move out of range. It's a strange looking fight between the
text: younger (physically spent) and older (emotionally drained).
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (between punches)
dialog: I want a fucking Hallmark card or the lyrics to a
dialog: Foreigner rock ballad, I'll go to the mall, Mr. Barnell.
text: Margaret and Tiffany jump in, trying to pull the two men apart.
scene_heading: 163 INT. PAUL'S CAR - LATER 163
text: The car is still in the parking area. Paul and a bloody, beaten Ted sit up front
text: with Margaret and Tiffany in the back. No one speaks, until...
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: They call this the listening game. Mr. Barnell, you
dialog: get to go first.
text: Ted glares at Tiffany, but her look instantly softens him. Ted looks at Margaret,
text: who looks expectantly at Paul. Ted shrugs.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Knock yourself out.
text: Paul starts to talk, and Ted starts to listen...
scene_heading: 164 EXT. GRAVEYARD - NOON 164
text: Arnith (the grave digger) walks to the side of a casket. He hits the switch and it
text: starts to drop. Arnith watches impassively, taking brief note of two people up
text: the hill before returning to his work.
scene_heading: 165 EXT. GRAVEYARD HILL - CONTINUOUS 165
text: It's Gary and Jimbo, dressed in black. They watch silently as Raymond is laid
dialog: to rest.
scene_heading: 166 EXT. TROPICAL BEACH - DAY 166
text: The sun beats down on a white sand tropical paradise. The wind is calm, the
text: water azure blue. Perfection, except for the -- SNOW. Big pure white flakes,
dialog: cutting across this idyllic --
text: Poster that hangs in a BOOK STORE window. We are...
scene_heading: 167 EXT. STREET / LIBERTY CAPITAL TOWERS - DAY 167
text: Tiffany stares at her reflection in the window, her face transported to an island
text: paradise. Ted walks out.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Hey yourself.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: So where you want to go?
speaker_heading: TED
text: Somewhere close. My three o'clock's been moved
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: Cool. You alright about everything?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Yeah. The life policy was written on his brother, and
dialog: he did, you know, die. I may be rationalizing a bit, but
dialog: ethically I think I'm okay.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY
dialog: Good. I like it when you're okay.
text: The two walk down the street. Snow keeps falling. Tiffany shuts her eyes,
text: looks straight up as the gossamer snowflakes land and melt on her face.
dialog: She's never looked more beautiful.
speaker_heading: TIFFANY (cont'd)
dialog: Don't ya just love this weather?
text: Ted stares at her.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Learning to.
text: Tiffany grabs his hand and pulls him away, disappearing into the whiteness.
speaker_heading: 168 OMITTED 168
scene_heading: A168 INT. BARNELL HOME / LIVING ROOM - DAY A168
text: Paul, sitting alone, reads a postcard from Margaret.
speaker_heading: MARGARET (V.O.)
dialog: Pauly, know it sounds corny but I miss you so much!
dialog: Wish you could have come. Saw some dolphins
text: today. Frisky little buggers. They were even playing
dialog: our song in the bar. Have been pondering about
dialog: your question, and I think my answer is "yes." After
dialog: all, it's no fun in the sun without...
speaker_heading: MARGARET (O.S.) (cont'd)
dialog: Paul, you ready?
text: Paul looks up to see Margaret. Dressed in a coat, she is standing in the
text: middle of the living room, now empty save for a few boxes and a very ugly floor
dialog: lamp.
text: Paul flips Margaret's letter over, and we now see it is the faded Hawaiian Hilton
text: postcard from the box in his den.
text: Paul puts the postcard in a shoe box full of keepsakes, and tucks it under his
text: arm. Margaret picks up Jodie, whose in his carrying case, and walks over.
text: A CAR HORN sounds from outside. It's their cab. As they walk to the door...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: How you feeling?
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: Pretty damn good.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I can tell.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: Can you?
text: Paul takes her hand and gives it a squeeze. They head out.
scene_heading: 169 EXT. AIRPORT TARMAC - DAY 169
text: Snowing now, as various PEOPLE walk toward the aircraft and the portable
text: stairs rolled to the door.
text: Paul and Margaret among the crowd, exchange nervous but hopeful smiles,
text: then they are lost along with the other pilgrims in the swirling white.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
scene_heading: 170 (CODA) EXT. DAVE'S HOUSE - DAY 170
text: Dave and his WIFE (50s) walk out of their house toward their car. They get in,
text: Dave behind the wheel.
scene_heading: 171 INT. DAVE'S CAR - CONTINUOUS 171
text: As they pull down the driveway.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Why don't we go there after?
dialog: (off her look)
dialog: Fine. We'll do it now.
speaker_heading: DAVE'S WIFE
dialog: Watch the curb.
text: Dave keeps backing up. As he takes the corner and bumps over the curb, the
text: momentum sends the half-eaten body (that Gary and Jimbo stuffed into the
text: backseat) to an upright position.
text: They drive on, oblivious.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Looks like weather.
text: FADE TO WHITE.
dialog: 
