text: "THE BUTTERFLY EFFECT"
dialog: Screenplay by
dialog: J. Mackye Gruber &amp; Eric Bress
speaker_heading: SHOOTING DRAFT
text: 
scene_heading: INT. SUNNYVALE - DOCTOR'S OFFICE - NIGHT - 2002
text: EVAN, 20, good-looking but with dark haunted eyes, frantically
text: hides himself in an unlit Doctor's office. His face and chest
text: are covered in blood. He holds his forehead in pain.
text: FLASHLIGHT BEAMS stab through the darkened corridor hunting
text: for him. ALARMS SOUND. GUARDS are heard shouting to each
text: other. Evan grabs a cardboard box and hides under a doctor's
text: desk. He grabs some paper and begins writing in shorthand.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: (as he writes)
dialog: If anyone finds this, then I guess
dialog: my plan didn't work and I'm already
dialog: dead...
text: He takes a deep breath.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: But if I can just go back to the
dialog: beginning of all this, I still might
dialog: be able to save her.
text: Fatigue overwhelms him, but he continues writing...
scene_heading: INT. BUSY HOSPITAL CORRIDOR - DAY - 1982
scene_heading: TITLE: TWENTY YEARS EARLIER
text: ANDREA TREBORN, twenty-five, an attractive pregnant woman
text: strapped to a gurney, is rolled down a busy hospital corridor.
text: She is clearly ready to give birth, and as she flails her
text: arms, she knocks another patient's IV bottle into the wall.
scene_heading: INT. BUSY HOSPITAL - RECOVERY ROOM - SUPER 8 FOOTAGE - 1982
text: A tearful Andrea holds newborn EVAN in her hands.
scene_heading: TITLE SEQUENCE OVER SUPER-8 MONTAGE INCLUDING:
scene_heading: INT. BUSY HOSPITAL - RECOVERY ROOM - DAY - 1982
text: Smiling Andrea holds baby Evan up to the camera, then places
text: him in a crib.
scene_heading: EXT. PLAYGROUND - DAY - 1983
text: A playground. Evan's father, JASON (23), puts a 1-year old
text: on a slide.
scene_heading: EXT. LENNY'S HOUSE - DAY - 1987
text: A birthday party for LENNY, 5, a chubby kid with only a few
text: friends. Evan, now 5, is gently prodded by Andrea toward
text: KAYLEIGH, 5, a quiet sweet-looking girl with beautiful hair.
text: Evan clumsily shakes her hand and she quickly leans over and
text: kisses his cheek.
text: He blushes and runs to hug his mother's leg.
scene_heading: END MONTAGE &amp; TITLES.
scene_heading: EXT. ANDREA'S HOUSE - EARLY MORNING - 1989
text: In the driveway, 7-year old Evan plays with CRICKETT, a frisky
dialog: cocker spaniel puppy.
text: Andrea, wearing a mechanic's jumpsuit, works impatiently on
text: the carburetor of a Toyota Celica. Evan pets the dog as he
text: watches his mother work.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: Okay, okay... what now?
text: Evan quickly eyes the situation and grabs the 5/16" wrench
text: from the toolbox.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: We're gonna be late again.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: When did you ever care about getting
dialog: to school on time?
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: We're putting up pictures for Parent's
dialog: Night.
text: Evan impatiently watches Andrea turn the bolt.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Righty-tighty, lefty-lucy.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: Thanks. Don't worry Evan, you'll
dialog: have plenty of time.
text: The carburetor will not set properly. She bangs on it with
text: the wrench.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: (re: carb)
dialog: Darn it!
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Um... can dad come this time?
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: (getting impatient)
dialog: You know the answer to that.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Can't he come out for one day?
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: We've been over this a hundred times.
dialog: It's too dangerous for him.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: But Lenny said that his dad's
dialog: coming... and Tommy and Kayleigh's
dialog: dad...
text: Andrea hands the wrench to Evan.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: Here, Ev... Finish this up for me.
text: Evan beams as he climbs onto the bumper and screws the carb
dialog: back together.
text: Andrea, meanwhile, strips off her coveralls, revealing a
text: spotless nurse's uniform underneath.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: All the dads are gonna be there.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: I get the point, kiddo. But I'm not
dialog: so bad, am I?
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: Good. Because I've been waiting to
dialog: see your art projects all week and
dialog: I'd feel terrible if all you thought
dialog: about was your father not being there.
text: Evan, disappointed, passes the wrench back to Andrea.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Done. Try it.
text: Andrea gets behind the wheel. She turns the ignition and the
text: engine roars to life. Evan wears a proud smile.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: You're amazing, kiddo.
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOL PARKING LOT - MORNING - 1989
text: Andrea races through the school zone and heads for the main
text: doors. Evan's already got the car door open and his foot on
text: the ground by the time the car skids to a halt. Andrea checks
text: her watch.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: Okay have a great day I love you
dialog: I'll pick you up later gotta go...
text: Evan blows Andrea a kiss goodbye and runs into the school.
text: As Andrea pulls away, MRS. BOSWELL, 35, taps the car window.
speaker_heading: MRS. BOSWELL
dialog: Mrs. Treborn! I need to speak with
dialog: you!
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: I'm sorry, but can it wait til
dialog: tonight? I'm already late for work --
text: Mrs. Boswell's morbid expression stops Andrea.
speaker_heading: MRS. BOSWELL
dialog: I think you really need to see this.
scene_heading: INT. ELEMENTARY SCHOOL - CLASSROOM - MOMENTS LATER
text: The classroom is filled with screaming, running children.
text: Mrs. Boswell enters the classroom with Andrea and immediately
text: calls out to TOMMY, a tough seven-year old kid who swings a
text: whiffle bat at LENNY, now seven, a sniffling, chubby kid.
speaker_heading: MRS. BOSWELL
dialog: TOMMY! LEAVE LENNY ALONE! DON'T MAKE
dialog: ME SEND YOU TO MR. VOYTEK'S OFFICE!
text: Evan is surprised to see his mother enter with Mrs. Boswell,
text: but continues playing with Kayleigh, now seven, a quiet,
dialog: sweet-looking girl.
text: Mrs. Boswell leads Andrea over to the teacher's desk.
speaker_heading: MRS. BOSWELL
dialog: I was going to show this to the
dialog: principal, but I wanted to talk to
dialog: you first.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: MRS. BOSWELL
dialog: Yesterday I had all the children
dialog: draw pictures of what they wanted to
dialog: be when they grew up. Most of them
dialog: made drawings of what their parents
dialog: did, but this...
text: Mrs. Boswell opens the bottom drawer of her desk and pulls
text: out a drawing. Andrea turns to stone when she sees it.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: I don't understand... Evan did this?
text: The drawing shows a child holding a bloody knife while
text: standing on a heap of dead bodies. It's extremely
text: sophisticated for a seven-year old. Some of the corpses have
text: been cut open and the insides are surprisingly anatomically
dialog: correct.
text: Andrea sees Evan playing with Lenny, harmless as a bunny,
text: and struggles to control her concern.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: Thank you for showing it to me first.
dialog: I'll... I'll take care of it. Can I
dialog: have the picture?
speaker_heading: MRS. BOSWELL
dialog: Of course. There is one more thing,
dialog: Mrs. Treborn. And I feel bad for
dialog: mentioning it...
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MRS. BOSWELL
dialog: When I asked Evan about his drawing,
dialog: well, he didn't remember doing it.
text: Andrea is visibly shaken now.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: I have to go.
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOL PARKING LOT - LATER
text: Andrea seems so impacted by this revelation that she cannot
dialog: even start the car.
scene_heading: INT. ELEMENTARY SCHOOL - LATER
text: The children hang artwork on the walls in prep for Parent's
text: Night. Each child has a picture of his or her family made
text: from colored construction paper and macaroni. Evan's picture
dialog: (no longer sophisticated) depicts his mother, Crockett and
text: himself on a green hill. Tommy and Kayleigh's pictures each
text: show two kids and a single father. And their 'mother' is
text: stuck to the far end of page.
text: Lenny beams as he pins-up his picture of an ideal nuclear
text: family. He looks at Tommy's picture and is confused.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: You put the mommy too far away. Mrs.
dialog: Boswell has macaroni and glue if you
dialog: wanna fix it.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: You're such a retard!
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: Mommy lives far away but she comes
dialog: and visits.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: (to Tommy)
dialog: If I'm retarded, why didn't my mommy
dialog: move away from me?
text: Tommy gets upset. He swipes his hand down Lenny's picture
text: and his macaroni "mother" crumbles to the floor. Lenny begins
dialog: to cry.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Hey, what'd you do that for?
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Fat little baby, crying for mommy.
text: Evan takes the ruined picture and leans down next to Lenny.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Come on, Lenny. It's not that bad.
dialog: You can still see your mom a little.
text: Lenny, unable to stop crying, begins hyperventilating out of
text: control. His desperate gasps for breath are frightening.
text: Evan, scared, looks around for Mrs. Boswell, but cannot find
text: her. He reaches up to his own picture and quickly tears his
text: own macaroni "mother" apart and places it over Lenny's
text: picture. It's a nuclear family again. Lenny slowly is able
text: to catch his breath.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: (grateful)
dialog: Can... can... Can I have this?
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Sure. I was gonna make a new one,
dialog: anyway.
text: Kayleigh helps Lenny glue a new "mother" in place and she
text: smiles gratefully at Evan.
text: As Evan smiles back at Kayleigh, Mrs. Boswell calmly enters
text: the room in time to see Evan tacking up his butchered family
text: portrait. She shivers.
scene_heading: EXT. SUNNYVALE INSTITUTION - DAY - 1989
text: Gothic. Imposing. Andrea runs up the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. SUNNYVALE - DR. REDFIELD'S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
text: DR. HARLON REDFIELD, 40, a handsome and extremely genial
text: man, scrutinizes a disturbing drawing.
speaker_heading: DR. REDFIELD
dialog: And you say he doesn't remember any
dialog: of it?
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: (anxious)
dialog: Not according to his teacher. It
dialog: just got me thinking about Jason and
dialog: what if Evan's inherited his father's
dialog: condition?
speaker_heading: DR. REDFIELD
dialog: Hold it, hold it, Andrea. Let's not
dialog: jump to conclusions. I'll run some
dialog: preliminary tests, see what we can
dialog: rule out.
text: Andrea nods and forces a thankful smile.
speaker_heading: DR. REDFIELD
dialog: Tell you what, bring Evan here tonight
dialog: and we'll run a CAT-scan series.
scene_heading: EXT. SUNNYVALE INSTITUTION - NIGHT
text: The looming building looks even more frightening at night.
text: Andrea and Evan head up the stairs.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: I don't like this place, Mom. It's
dialog: creepy. Please can we go? I promise
dialog: I won't make any more bad pictures!
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: (lighthearted)
dialog: You'll be fine. Dr. Redfield just
dialog: wants to give you some tests. You'll
dialog: like him.
scene_heading: INT. SUNNYVALE INSTITUTION - NIGHT
text: Andrea leads Evan into Dr. Redfield's office. Dr. Redfield
text: warmly greets Evan at the door.
speaker_heading: DR. REDFIELD
dialog: Hello, Evan. It's very nice to meet
dialog: you.
dialog: (to Andrea)
text: He's as handsome as his father.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: (stunned)
dialog: You know my father?
text: Before Dr. Redfield can answer, Andrea cuts him off.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: That's why I wanted you to come here,
dialog: Evan. Dr. Redfield already has a
dialog: background in memory loss.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: My father has a bad memory, too?
speaker_heading: DR. REDFIELD
dialog: (off Andrea's look)
dialog: Uh, tell you what, Evan. If it's
dialog: okay with your mother, I'd like to
dialog: run some tests. Nothing scary.
text: Evan raises an eyebrow at the doctor.
speaker_heading: DR. REDFIELD
dialog: Okay, it might be a little scary...
scene_heading: INT. LABORATORY - MOMENTS LATER
text: Evan looks terrified as he lies on a medical platform as a
text: series of CAT-scan images are taken. In another part of the
text: room, a distressed Andrea speaks quietly with Dr. Redfield.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: Just tell me that Evan doesn't have
dialog: Jason's illness...
speaker_heading: DR. REDFIELD
dialog: Look, Andrea, I'm sure he'll test
dialog: negative for brain disorders. But
dialog: there's something else you can try
text: to monitor his memory.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: Anything.
speaker_heading: DR. REDFIELD
dialog: A journal. Just have him write down
dialog: everything he does.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: Why? What for?
speaker_heading: DR. REDFIELD
dialog: It could be extremely useful to jog
dialog: his memory. See if he remembers
dialog: anything new the next day. And I'll
dialog: have the test results back in a few
dialog: days.
scene_heading: INT. ANDREA'S HOUSE - KITCHEN - MORNING
text: The next morning. Evan busily writes in his new black-marble
dialog: mead comp book:
speaker_heading: EVAN'S DIARY
dialog: "Today Mommy is taking me to play with Kayley and Tommy. I
dialog: will mete there father and see what a real dad is like. Maybe
dialog: one day I will mete my Dad."
text: Andrea, meanwhile, speaks into the phone as she pours Lucky
text: Charms into a cereal bowl for Evan.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: Thanks, George. I really appreciate
dialog: you watching him, he won't be any
dialog: trouble at all.
text: Evan puts down the journal and eats breakfast. He separates
text: the green clovers from the cereal and drops them to the floor
dialog: for Crockett to nibble.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: These'll bring you luck, Crockett.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Great. I'll see you soon.
text: Andrea hangs up the phone and walks into the next room.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - DAY
text: Andrea grabs the pocket book off the coffee table and heads
text: back into the kitchen. She drops her purse in shock when she
text: sees: Evan, in doorway, expressionless and holding a large
text: BUTCHER KNIFE by his side.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: Evan?
text: Evan sees her but remains expressionless.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: Evan? What are you doing with that
dialog: knife?
text: Life suddenly springs into Evan's face. He seems stunned to
text: find himself holding the knife and drops it.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: (scared)
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: Honey. What were you doing with that?
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: (tears welling)
dialog: I... I don't remember.
scene_heading: EXT. MILLER HOUSE - MORNING
text: Andrea, still shaken, drops Evan off at the house of GEORGE
text: MILLER, 35, a handsome athletic man with an infectious smile.
text: He approaches the car and opens the door for Evan.
speaker_heading: MR. MILLER
dialog: Hey, Andrea.
dialog: (to Evan)
dialog: Hello little man.
text: Andrea writes nervously on a piece of paper as Evan gets
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: Thanks a lot George. Here's my work
dialog: number in case there are any problems.
speaker_heading: MR. MILLER
dialog: (lighthearted laughter)
dialog: Whaddaya kidding? We're going to
dialog: have a great time today, right Evan?
text: Andrea nods thanks and nervously drives away. Evan walks up
text: to Mr. Miller and momentarily reaches for his hand. Mr. Miller
text: flinches his hand away and chuckles at Evan.
speaker_heading: MR. MILLER
dialog: You waiting for an invitation? The
text: kids are inside.
text: Evan appears confused for a moment at Mr. Miller's unexpected
text: rudeness, but walks inside.
scene_heading: INT. MILLER'S HOUSE - DAY
text: Evan enters the well-kept middle class home and sees his
text: classmates Kayleigh and Tommy. Kayleigh is dressed in a make-
text: shift Medieval gown and Tommy is also dressed in a period
dialog: costume.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: (excited to see Evan)
dialog: Evan, guess what? Dad got a new video
dialog: camera and we're all gonna be in a
dialog: movie.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: I don't think Evan gets to be in it --
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: Quit it, Tommy. Evan gets to be Robin
dialog: Hood. I'm gonna be Maid Marian, and
dialog: you're the Sheriff of Nottingham!
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: I thought I was the bad guy!
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: You are, silly. He's a bad sheriff.
text: Mr. Miller, holding a full glass of scotch in one hand, sets
text: the circa-80's bulky video camera on a tripod and plugs it
text: into the porta-deck.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: We're really gonna be in a movie!?
speaker_heading: MR. MILLER
dialog: That's right, Evan, and you get to
dialog: be the star.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: I thought I was the star.
speaker_heading: MR. MILLER
dialog: Shut up, moron. Now get in your
dialog: costume, Evan. And you have to
dialog: promise, your bestest super-duper
dialog: promise, that this will be our little
dialog: secret. Think you can do that?
text: Evan nods and sticks his arms straight up in the air. Mr.
text: Miller downs his drink and helps Evan off with his clothes.
text: Suddenly --
text: HARD CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MILLER'S HOUSE - BASEMENT - DAY
text: Evan comes to in an unfamiliar place. The rec-room/basement.
text: Evan's eyes dart from the fireplace to Mr. Miller's camera
text: lens and finally to Kayleigh, whose ashen face trembles
text: slightly.
text: Panic spreads across Evan's face.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Where am I? What happened? Where did
dialog: we all go?
speaker_heading: MR. MILLER
dialog: Calm down, kid. Stand still.
text: Evan backs up and awkwardly scurries around the basement,
text: grabbing his clothes.
text: Panicking.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: I was just somewhere else -- how did
dialog: I get here?
speaker_heading: MR. MILLER
dialog: Quit acting like some retard or I'll
dialog: call your mother and tell her what a
dialog: naughty little shit you've been.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Kayleigh? What happened?
text: Kayleigh's eyes are unable to leave the floor. She begins
text: adjusting her disheveled clothing. Evan trembles.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: What's wrong with me?
text: Tommy silently watches from the top of the basement stairs,
text: absently wringing the head off one of his sister's dolls.
scene_heading: INT. SUNNYVALE INSTITUTION - DAY
text: Dr. Redfield places Evan's CAT-scan slides on the light box.
text: Andrea squints, unable to interpret them.
speaker_heading: DR. REDFIELD
dialog: Well, the good news is that the
dialog: results are negative. I've found no
dialog: evidence in the way of lesions,
dialog: hemorrhaging, tumors...
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: And the bad news?
speaker_heading: DR. REDFIELD
dialog: Unfortunately, we've got nothing to
dialog: work with. It's harder playing
dialog: detective now.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: But you must have something to go
dialog: on?
speaker_heading: DR. REDFIELD
dialog: If I had to guess, I'd say the
dialog: blackouts are stress related.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: But he's seven. What kind of stress
dialog: can he have?
speaker_heading: DR. REDFIELD
dialog: Plenty. Who knows? Maybe he's got
dialog: severe coping problems about not
dialog: having a father. Did you say the
dialog: last blackout occurred when he was
dialog: with his friend's dad.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: Come on, I doubt the answer's that
dialog: simple.
speaker_heading: DR. REDFIELD
dialog: You'd be surprised how often they
dialog: are.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: Well, he has been pushing me to meet
dialog: his father, but I've been putting it
dialog: off.
speaker_heading: DR. REDFIELD
dialog: It's worth a shot. I can arrange a
dialog: controlled meeting. A careful dose
dialog: of sedatives for Jason, some security,
dialog: you and I monitoring. Evan comes in
dialog: for a quick visit and with any luck,
dialog: no more missing father complex.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: How soon?...
scene_heading: INT. ANDREA'S CAR - COUNTRY ROAD - DAY
text: Evan, dressed in his Sunday best, writes copiously in a
text: journal marked "AGE 7."
speaker_heading: EVAN'S DIARY
dialog: "April 15. Today I get to mete my father. His name is Jason
dialog: and he is crazy. I hope he lets me call him dad."
scene_heading: INT. SUNNYVALE INSTITUTION - DAY
text: Andrea tightly grips Evan's hand as the pair follow Dr.
text: Redfield down a corridor. Evan's enthusiasm is dampened by
text: the sounds of distant screams and bloodcurdling laughter.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Dad lives here?
speaker_heading: DR. REDFIELD
dialog: Not in this wing, actually. No.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: Now your father may seem sleepy to
dialog: you, but that's just because of his
dialog: medicine, okay?
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Okay.
text: They walk to the end of the corridor and come to a "Visitor's
dialog: Chamber".
text: Dr.Redfield leads Evan inside. Andrea begins to follow, but
text: the doctor gestures that she stay outside.
scene_heading: INT. SUNNYVALE - VISITOR'S CHAMBER - CONTINUOUS
text: Evan takes a seat at a long rectangular table. His eyes are
text: fixated on the door on the other side of the room. Finally,
text: a dark figure can be seen through the opaque glass.
text: JASON, thirty and haggard looking, enters the room. His eyes
text: want to sparkle at seeing his son for the first time. But
text: tranquilizers have dulled the effect.
text: Evan's eyes fixate on the leg-restraints and handcuffs that
text: hinder Jason's movement. Finally Jason sits.
text: He smiles warmly and speaks in over-enunciated tones.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: It's okay. I won't bite. You've seen
dialog: pictures of me, right?
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Uh-huh. Mom says I have your eyes
dialog: and your --
text: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SUNNYVALE - VISITOR'S CHAMBER - DAY
text: Evan "comes to" in another unfamiliar place. Rather than
text: seeing his father across a table, he's looking up at a
text: ceiling.
text: Blocking his view of the ceiling is Jason, whose face is now
text: monstrous with rage, and whose cuffed hands are wrapped around
text: Evan's throat, choking the life out of him.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: (through clenched
dialog: teeth)
dialog: I... love... you.
text: Suddenly, ORDERLIES tackle Jason from both sides and wedge a
text: baton under his jaw to wrench him away. Andrea frantically
text: struggles to rescue Evan from Jason's clutches.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: (panicking)
dialog: He has to die! You don't understand!
dialog: It's the only way to stop it!
text: Jason wrestles the baton from under his chin, hits an orderly
text: in the kneecap and comes for Evan with the baton!
text: Orderly #2 acts quickly, beating Jason with his baton. As
text: Jason makes another desperate grab for Evan, Orderly #2 is
text: forced to bash him in the skull. Down for the count.
text: Andrea hugs Evan, now in shock.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: I'm sorry, Evan. I'm sorry.
text: And ALARM sounds and Andrea tries to cover Evan's eyes, but
text: through her fingers he can see a quick blur of a pool of
text: blood spreading from Jason's head.
text: FADE TO BLACK:
text: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY - DAY - 1989
text: Dressed in black, Andrea and Evan watch Jason's casket being
text: lowered into the ground. Andrea's tears soak through her
text: veil. A few feet back, Kayleigh stands behind Evan.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Ashes to ashes... dust to dust.
text: Evan watches the coffin descend, disappearing from sight.
text: Kayleigh steps up to Evan and takes his hand. A moment. And
text: she softly whispers in Evan's ear.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: You're better off anyway.
text: A rumble of thunder. Evan looks up at the brooding dark
dialog: clouds.
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY - DUSK
text: Gray skies. Andrea drives the children home. Evan stares at
text: the passing tombstones that flutter by like a white picket
text: fence. The flickering strobe effect that intensifies into a
text: white blur is hypnotic.
text: SLOWLY DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MILLER'S HOUSE - DAY - 1995
text: Bright and sunny. The lawn freshly cut. A Toro lawnmower has
text: been carelessly left in the grass-strewn driveway.
scene_heading: TITLE: SIX YEARS LATER
text: CRANE DOWN to the window of the --
scene_heading: INT. MILLER'S HOUSE - BASEMENT
text: Evan, Kayleigh, Tommy and Lenny are now THIRTEEN. Evan exhales
text: cigarette smoke, taps his ash and finishes sketching a
text: portrait of Kayleigh in his journal.
text: Tommy wears a leather jacket and now has traces of peach
text: fuzz on his upper lip.
text: Kayleigh's hair is longer now, albeit stringy and unkempt.
text: Evan closes his journal and coolly ignites a STRIKE-ANYWHERE
text: MATCH with his thumb and lights Kayleigh's cigarette. Everyone
text: but Lenny smokes in the basement.
text: Tommy, now with longer hair, ransacks his father's army locker
dialog: looking for something.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Tommy, I'm bored shitless over here.
dialog: What's up already?
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Hold your horses, man. It's here
dialog: somewhere. I saw it when I was a
dialog: kid.
text: Tommy absently chucks an old Playboy toward Lenny. Kayleigh
text: seems uncomfortable by the sight of it.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: (to Tommy)
dialog: We should go soon. If Dad catches us
dialog: smoking down here, we're dead.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: So let's go. This place creeps me
dialog: out.
text: Evan claps his hands and stands up, Lenny and Kayleigh join
text: him. Finally, Tommy shakes an old army thermos and hears
text: something rattling inside.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: I knew it had something to do with
dialog: the army.
text: Tommy opens the thermos, tips it over and a blockbuster (1/4
text: stick of dynamite) spills out. Tommy grins mischievously.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Let's blow the shit out of something!
scene_heading: EXT. HALPERNS' FOREST - DAY
text: Tommy leads Evan, Kayleigh and Lenny on a mission through
text: the woods. Everyone smokes except Lenny, yet he's the only
text: one who's wheezing. He pulls out an inhaler and takes a puff.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Guys, slow up, would you?
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: Evan, did I tell you? My mother said
dialog: I might be able to visit her this
dialog: summer in Orlando with her new family.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: What did I say about mentioning that
dialog: bitch?
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: (uncomfortable)
dialog: Where the hell are you taking us
dialog: anyway? Just blow something up
dialog: already.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Just blow something up? Are you nuts?
dialog: There's an art to mass destruction.
dialog: Would you just paint the Mona Lisa?
dialog: No. Besides, we're here already.
text: Now at the edge of the woods, Tommy spots:
scene_heading: EXT. MRS. HALPERN'S HOME - CONTINUOUS
text: A MAILBOX sits at the end of the driveway. It's exquisite.
text: An exact replica of a Colonial home it serves.
text: Across the street, Tommy hands the blockbuster to Lenny.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Here you go, buddy.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: (recoiling)
dialog: What? No frigging way, man. I'm not
dialog: touching that thing.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: The hell you aren't. Anyone of us
dialog: does it, you'll puss out and narc
dialog: for sure.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Ain't gonna work this time, buddy.
dialog: Look how small that fuse is! I'll
dialog: get killed.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Not necessarily.
text: All eyes turn to Evan as he takes his lit cigarette, breaks
text: off the filter and jams the fuse into the unlit end.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: That should buy you ten minutes at
dialog: least.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Gee, thanks friend.
scene_heading: EXT. MRS. HALPERN'S HOME - CONTINUOUS
text: Lenny paces back and forth next to the three-story mailbox,
text: desperately trying to appear nonchalant. He pretends to notice
text: his shoe's untied and bends down to tie it. From the woods,
text: the other kids watch anxiously.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Oh, for Christ's sake, just do it,
dialog: Lenny.
text: Finally, Lenny throws the bomb in the mailbox. Then sprints
text: like hell to the woods. Kayleigh shakes Lenny's inhaler and
text: hands it to him when he gets back.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: (taking puff)
dialog: Thanks.
text: Evan pats Lenny on the back.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: You got balls, man.
text: The four watch the mailbox in intense anticipation. Evan
text: smiles with the cigarette pressed tightly between his lips
text: and places his hands over Kayleigh's ears. She smiles back
text: at him and presses his hands against her head. Tommy catches
text: this and seems disturbed, and quickly turns back to --
text: The mailbox. Tick-tock... tick-tock... It's like a staring
dialog: contest...
text: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HALPERNS' FOREST - DAY
text: Evan, running full speed, comes to in an unfamiliar place.
text: He instantly loses his footing and falls to the ground. Lenny,
text: falling on top of him.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Hurry! Let's go! Get him up, Evan!
dialog: Come on!
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: (frantic)
dialog: What happened?? Where are we?!
text: Evan gets up and starts running, then realizes he's not being
text: followed. Kayleigh and Tommy are helping Lenny up and carrying
text: him. Evan realizes that Lenny's completely dazed. Evan doubles
text: back, grabs Lenny's arm and he and Tommy drag Lenny through
text: the woods as fast as they can.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: (crying)
dialog: Oh God... what did we do?
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Shit, Lenny. What's happened to you!
dialog: We've gotta get help!
text: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LENNY'S HOUSE - DRIVEWAY - DAY
text: Andrea's car screeches to the curb of Lenny's house. Lenny's
text: mother, Mrs. Kagan, frantically loads Lenny into an ambulance.
text: As Andrea rushes up to the ambulance, Mrs. Kagan gives her
text: an icy glare and slams the ambulance door in Andrea's face.
text: Andrea turns to Evan, now trembling on the front stoop.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: What is it? What happened?
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: (staring menacingly
dialog: at the others)
dialog: We were just building a fort in the
dialog: woods when Lenny freaked out. One
dialog: minute he was fine, then he just
dialog: froze up. Right guys?
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: What happened, Evan? The truth.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: I don't know... I don't remember.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: Something must've happened! What set
dialog: him off?
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: I... I blacked out.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: (building frustration)
dialog: Don't try to use your blackouts to
dialog: get out of this one!
text: Evan looks helpless.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: You're not making this up, are you?
text: Evan shakes his head "no". Almost ashamed...
text: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. DR. REDFIELD'S OFFCIE - DAY
text: Evan lies on a couch.
speaker_heading: DR. REDFIELD
dialog: With every breath you exhale, you
dialog: can feel all of the tension draining
dialog: from your body like water through a
dialog: faucet. Nine, ten, and you're
text: completely asleep. Relaxed.
text: Evan breathes slowly. Deeply. Andrea watches nervously from
text: the far side of the room.
speaker_heading: DR. REDFIELD
dialog: Now I want you to go back to the
dialog: time you were in the woods with Lenny.
dialog: Think of it like a movie. You can
dialog: pause, rewind, or slow down any
dialog: details you wish. Understand?
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: DR. REDFIELD
dialog: Where are you now?
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: I'm standing next to Kayleigh, my
text: hands are over her ears.
speaker_heading: DR. REDFIELD
dialog: Are you hurting her?
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: No, protecting her.
text: Andrea suppresses the tiniest of proud smiles.
speaker_heading: DR. REDFIELD
dialog: Okay. Then go a little forward in
dialog: time. What do you see now?
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: I see a car.
text: Evan's eyes suddenly roll back in his head.
speaker_heading: DR. REDFIELD
dialog: Yes, tell me about the car.
text: Evan moans and begins shaking.
speaker_heading: DR. REDFIELD
dialog: Go on. Nothing can hurt you. Remember,
dialog: this is only a movie. You're
dialog: completely safe.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: (moaning)
text: I can't... the car vanishes and all
dialog: of a sudden I'm on the ground in the
dialog: woods.
speaker_heading: DR. REDFIELD
text: The car doesn't vanish Evan. The
dialog: movie in your head has broken, that's
dialog: all. But now I've re-spliced it and
dialog: I want you to tell me about the car.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: It's coming... argh! I can't!
text: Evan moans and shakes on the couch.
speaker_heading: DR. REDFIELD
dialog: Fight it Evan. Hurry. It's coming!
text: Blood begins to trickle from Evan's nose as a guttural sound
text: is uttered from deep within him. Dr. Redfield bolts upright
text: in his chair and redirects the session.
speaker_heading: DR. REDFIELD
dialog: Okay, Evan. Listen to my voice! On
dialog: the count of ten, you're going to
text: wake up. Feeling refreshed and
dialog: remembering everything we talked
text: about.
text: Evan moans in agony. Andrea darts into the room.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: What's happening to him?? Make it
dialog: stop!
text: Dr. Redfield waves her away and concentrates on Evan.
speaker_heading: DR. REDFIELD
dialog: One. You're feeling more awake now.
dialog: Two, your eyes no longer feel heavy.
text: Andrea moves to stop the blood flowing from Evan's nose. She
text: lifts Evan's eyelids and sees only the whites of his eyes.
speaker_heading: DR. REDFIELD
dialog: Five. Six. Refreshed and awake! Seven,
dialog: eight. Come on, Evan, wake up, dammit!
text: Evan is completely non-responsive.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: Evan wake up, oh please wake up!
speaker_heading: DR. REDFIELD
dialog: Nine, ten. And you're awake! Open
dialog: your eyes, dammit!
text: Nothing but moans and blood. Dr. Redfield frantically opens
text: some desk drawers until he finds smelling salts. He breaks a
text: small capsule under evan's mouth, pinches his bleeding nose
text: closed and lets Evan inhale the vapor through his mouth.
text: Evan lurches forward on the couch and falls off. Holding his
text: bloody nose.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: What happened? Did it work?
text: Evan deduces the answer from everyone's horrified faces.
scene_heading: EXT. MULTIPLEX THEATER - PARKING LOT - DUSK
text: Andrea drops off Evan, Kayleigh and Tommy outside the complex.
text: Kayleigh, looking morose, shuts the car door and Andrea drives
text: off. They walk through the parking lot.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: (to Kayleigh)
dialog: Wipe that sad-assed look off your
dialog: face before you get us all busted.
dialog: You see the way Evan's mom was looking
dialog: at you?
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Would someone just tell me already
dialog: what the hell happened in the mailbox?
text: On "mailbox", Tommy suddenly grabs Evan's jacket and SHOVES
text: him against a parked car. Tommy looks around to make sure
dialog: nobody heard anything.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Don't ever bring that shit up again.
dialog: Not ever. Not to me, not to Kayleigh,
dialog: or even Lenny. The stupid fuck if he
dialog: ever learns to talk again. Understand?
text: Evan nods, scared. Tommy gives a final shove.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Ever.
dialog: (re: Kayleigh)
dialog: She don't want to talk about it,
dialog: anyway. Do you Kayleigh?
text: Tommy's right. Kayleigh clearly doesn't.
scene_heading: INT. MULTIPLEX THEATER LOBBY - DUSK
text: Kayleigh shuffles behind Evan and Tommy as they head toward
text: the theatre. Evan drops back.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Are you okay?
text: Kayleigh says nothing as Tommy sees the theatre playing SEVEN
dialog: and whispers.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: There it is. Let's go.
scene_heading: INT. ANDREA'S HOUSE - KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Andrea does the dishes as the TV plays a NEWSCAST in the
dialog: b.g.
speaker_heading: ANCHOR
dialog: (on TV)
text: ...was the grizzly aftermath of what
dialog: police officials of upstate New York
dialog: are calling a horrible act of
text: vandalism gone awry.
text: Andrea turns to the TV, blocking our view. We can only hear
text: the report as she watches intensely.
speaker_heading: ANCHOR
dialog: The powerful explosion is believed
dialog: to have been caused by a small
dialog: quantity of dynamite.
text: Andrea's face looks haunted by the on-screen images. She
text: shakes her head in terror and grabs the remote.
speaker_heading: ANCHOR
dialog: Police thus far have no leads as to
dialog: the suspects...
text: She clicks off the TV, trembling.
scene_heading: INT. MULTIPLEX THEATER - NIGHT
text: The movie's in progress. Evan and Kayleigh sit behind Tommy.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Holy shit! Look at that fat fuck!
dialog: You'd have to wipe his ass with a
dialog: forklift!
text: Some crowd members TURN around and give Tommy a SHUSH. Tommy
text: whips M&amp;Ms at them.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Shut up, faggot. No one's talking to
dialog: you!
text: Kayleigh, repulsed, suddenly darts from the aisle and runs
text: out. Evan follows.
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY - CONTINUOUS
text: Evan follows her to a small alcove.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: I'm sorry Kayleigh. This was a bad
dialog: idea.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: You really don't remember anything
dialog: that happened?
text: Evan shakes his head "no". She looks devastated.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: You're so lucky.
text: She begins to cry. Evan makes sure no one's staring.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: It's going to be okay. Lenny'll be
dialog: fine. You'll see.
text: He reaches to comfort her. But she winces.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: Ouch.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: I'm sorry.
text: She pulls her sleeve up, revealing a large bruise.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: It's not your fault. Mrs. Kagan called
dialog: dad and blamed us for what happened
dialog: to Lenny.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Damn. Your dad did this?
text: Kayleigh pulls back her shirt collar to show an even larger,
text: darker bruise.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: (looking down)
dialog: I deserve a lot worse.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: What are you talking about? What you
dialog: deserve is a better brother and
dialog: father. All they do is make you feel
dialog: like shit.
text: She looks into his eyes.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: You really have no clue how beautiful
dialog: you are, do you?
text: She searches his eyes for sincerity. And finds it. They lean
text: into each other for a TENDER KISS. After a moment, a ROAR
text: from nearby.
speaker_heading: TOMMY (O.S.)
dialog: What the fuck are you doing??
text: They jerk back to see Tommy, shocked and betrayed, staring
text: at them from across a small crowd. By now, some teens chuckle
dialog: at Tommy.
speaker_heading: TEEN PUNK (O.S.)
dialog: Buying popcorn, what the fuck are
dialog: you doing?
text: Tommy rushes through the small crowd at Evan. His hands in
text: fists. Suddenly a FOOT reaches out and trips Tommy. Tommy
text: falls to the floor and the crowd cackles at him.
text: Tommy slowly gets up, locks eyes with Evan. Hatred oozing.
text: Evan looks guilty, weakly shaking his head, it's not what
dialog: you're thinking.
text: Tommy suddenly lunges at the TEEN PUNK who must be at least
text: a foot taller than he is. Tommy lands a flurry of punches
dialog: before the Teen Punk can even defend himself, frequently
text: taking opportunities to eyeball Evan.
text: Evan, Kayleigh and even the punk's FRIENDS look on helplessly
text: when TWO SECURITY GUARDS SEIZE TOMMY. Tommy valiantly
text: struggles against them at first. But the moment he realizes
text: it's hopeless, he allows his body to go slack.
text: As Tommy is being dragged away, he turns to Evan, a sick
text: smile on his face. Evan and Kayleigh look back, speechless.
scene_heading: INT. ANDREA'S CAR - NIGHT
text: Andrea drives through the winding roads.
speaker_heading: CLOSE UP
text: Andrea's eyes. Tormented.
text: REVEAL she's driving Evan and Kayleigh home. Evan's up front
text: and Kayleigh sits behind them. Everyone silent.
text: Andrea stares through the rearview mirror into Kayleigh's
dialog: eyes. Probing. Searching.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: So how was the movie?
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: Okay.
text: Andrea watches Kayleigh. A calculated beat.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: Any exploding mailboxes?
text: Kayleigh flinches at the question. And Andrea catches it.
text: Evan can't help but look back at Kayleigh. Oh my god, she
dialog: knows.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: (faking poorly)
dialog: What do you mean?
text: Andrea pulls the car over and stops. After a moment, Kayleigh
text: realizes she's at her house. She exits the car in a hurry.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: Goodnight.
text: Andrea stares at Evan, who keeps his eyes facing dead ahead.
text: She finally shifts the car into gear.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: We're moving.
text: Evan says nothing.
text: FADE TO BLACK:
scene_heading: EXT. ANDREA'S HOUSE - MORNING
text: A "For Sale" sign is now planted on the front lawn. Andrea,
text: in her nurse uniform, exits the house to her car.
scene_heading: INT. ANDREA'S LIVING ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Evan discreetly watches her leave through the window. Grabs
text: his coat and exits frame.
scene_heading: EXT. LENNY'S HOUSE - DAY
text: Kayleigh and Evan walk down toward the house.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: I can't believe Tommy's still pissed
text: at me. He knows I'm moving away,
dialog: right?
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: He's been acting real strange lately.
dialog: He won't even look me in the eyes
dialog: anymore.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Duck, here they come.
text: As a station wagon rolls up the street, Evan and Kayleigh
text: duck in nearby bushes.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: Did your mom say if Lenny was...
dialog: okay?
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: He must be. They're letting him go,
dialog: right?
text: The station wagon finally heads into the driveway. Evan puts
text: on a smile and charges the car, pounding the window.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Welcome home, Lenny!
text: Inside the car, Lenny jerks back in horror. Mrs. Kagan looks
text: angry as she rolls the window down.
speaker_heading: MRS. KAGAN
dialog: I think your little homecoming's in
dialog: bad taste.
text: The smile fades from Evan's face. Kayleigh hangs back.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Sorry?
speaker_heading: MRS. KAGAN
dialog: (acidic)
dialog: Lenny's been through a hell of an
dialog: ordeal no thanks to you.
text: Evan and Kayleigh look guilty as the garage door opens up
text: and Mrs. Kagan continues into the garage.
scene_heading: INT. LENNY'S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Alone, Lenny concentrates on a MODEL AIRPLANE. There is a
text: sudden KNOCK at the window. Lenny's head jerks around to see
text: Evan and Kayleigh smiling through the window.
scene_heading: EXT. LENNY'S WINDOW - CONTINUOUS
text: Evan and Kayleigh stand on the ivy-covered trellis.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Welcome home. Thought you might like
dialog: some fresh air for a change.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: Hi, Lenny.
text: Lenny twitches ever-so-slightly.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Is Tommy with you guys?
text: Evan shakes his head "no".
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: It's cool.
text: Lenny looks back at the model airplane. Needs to think.
scene_heading: EXT. JUNKYARD WOODS - DAY
text: Evan, Lenny and Kayleigh pass a junk pile in the woods.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: (to Lenny)
dialog: So what did you do in there?
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: It was awful. You can't sleep 'cause
text: everyone's screaming all night long.
dialog: I never want to go back.
text: As Evan and Kayleigh absorb this in silence, they see a column
text: of smoke billowing in the horizon.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: Do you see that?
text: Evan and Kayleigh run toward the smoke. Lenny nervously
text: follows behind.
text: They exit the woods to find:
scene_heading: EXT. JUNKYARD - CONTINUOUS
text: Tommy has stuffed a dog into a gunny sack which he douses
dialog: with lighter fluid.
text: Next to a campfire.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Crockett!!
text: Evan and Kayleigh rush toward the trapped, helpless dog.
text: Tommy is ready for them. He drops the lighter fluid, picks
text: up a wooden plank and SWINGS! Evan ducks back at the last
text: minute and Tommy accidentally connects with Kayleigh's head.
text: Knocking her unconscious.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Look what you made me do!
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: What's wrong with you?!
text: Tommy, enraged, fakes a high swing, then goes for Evan's
text: knee cap. BASH! Evan doubles over in pain and falls to the
text: ground, clutching his knee. Tommy moves to the fire, Crockett
text: squirming inside the bag and picks up the lighter fluid.
text: Evan painfully looks up from the ground and his eyes dart
text: from the sight of Kayleigh, unconscious, to Crockett, trapped
text: in the tied gunny sack.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Kayleigh! Wake up!
text: No response.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Why don't you fucking kiss her, Prince
dialog: Charming!
text: Tommy squeezes the bottle hard, creating a flaming fuse from
text: the campfire to the fluid soaked dog.
text: As the flames near Crockett, Evan, seething with rage, stands
text: up with clenched fists and CHARGES Tommy at FULL SPEED --
text: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. JUNKYARD - DAY
text: Evan comes to in an unfamiliar place. Still in running mode.
text: His body contorts spastically like a fish on land, since he
text: is now lying face down on the ground.
text: Evan regains himself and sits up painfully. His face is badly
text: bruised and he clutches his battered ribs.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: How long was I out?
text: He gets no answer from Lenny, who stands in the exact same
text: spot. Tommy is nowhere in sight and the sound is of Kayleigh
text: weeping. Evan spins to face her.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Kayleigh?! Are you okay? Where's
dialog: Crockett?
text: Kayleigh, her knees drawn tightly to her chest, is unable to
text: answer through her tears. Evan struggles to rise but he
text: becomes dizzy and falls back to the ground.
text: Evan takes a quick glance toward the gunny sack, smouldering
text: then moans and buries his head in his hands.
scene_heading: EXT. LENNY'S HOUSE - DAY
text: A small neighborhood CROWD has gathered to watch an ambulance
text: with the SUNNYVALE insignia take an entranced Lenny away.
text: Mrs. Kagan is about to climb in the rear when she stops and
text: turns to Evan.
speaker_heading: MRS. KAGAN
dialog: (ice cold)
dialog: Do you know what you are? A monster.
text: Evan stands there, speechless.
scene_heading: EXT. ANDREA'S HOUSE - DAY
text: A packed U-HAUL sits in front of Evan's house. Andrea shifts
text: the small truck into gear and slowly pulls out.
text: Outside the truck, Kayleigh waves to Evan, tears spilling
text: shamelessly down her cheeks. Evan reaches behind his seat
text: and opens a large cardboard box. It is filled with past
text: journals. He finds the most recent journal, uncaps a pen and
dialog: writes something.
text: Finished he presses the journal to the window.
speaker_heading: EVAN'S DIARY
dialog: "I'll come back for you."
text: Evan waves back to her, trying nonchalantly to wipe away his
text: own tears as she fades into the distance.
text: When Kayleigh disappears from sight, Andrea looks over to
text: see what he's written.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: I'm sorry.
text: Evan returns the journal and begins writing furiously.
text: SLOW DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. COLLEGE CLASSROOM - DAY - 2002
scene_heading: TITLE: SEVEN YEARS LATER
text: Evan, twenty now, continues writing in a college Blue Book.
text: He is older, dressed down in worn jeans, T-shirt and plaid
text: flannel. He closes the Blue Book with a cocky grin just as
text: PROFESSOR CARTER, 40, calls out to the class:
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR CARTER
dialog: Time! Please place your blue books
dialog: on my desk before you leave.
text: Evan grabs his psychology textbook from under his seat, gets
text: up and turns in his exam.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR CARTER
dialog: How'd you do, Evan?
text: Evan flashes a confident smile.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: I'm not sure. I might have gotten
dialog: some stories mixed up. Did Pavlov
dialog: condition his dogs to lick his nuts?
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR CARTER
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Typical psych major. A complete wise
dialog: ass. And how's your project coming?
dialog: Still planning to change the way we
dialog: humble scientists view memory
dialog: assimilation?
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: (shrugging)
dialog: Hey, I got no choice.
text: Professor Carter nods solemnly, obviously in the know.
scene_heading: EXT. COLLEGE - QUAD - DAY
text: Evan bikes past students.
scene_heading: EXT. COLLEGE - FRAT HOUSE - DAY
text: Evan bikes past some obnoxious GREEKS.
scene_heading: EXT. COLLEGE - EVAN'S DORM - DAY
text: Evan docks his bike and carries his knapsack inside.
scene_heading: INT. EVAN'S DORM - MOMENTS LATER
text: Evan's dorm is cluttered "double" whose walls are adorned
text: with head-shop posters of Gothic rock bands.
text: By Evan's bed is a bookshelf filled with books on amnesia,
text: memory loss, fugues, hypnotism and other related bands.
text: Evan's roommate, THUMPER, 19, is a completely punked out
text: Gothic boy who weighs 300 pounds. He currently hands a black
text: lacy dress to CRICKET, 17, a pierced Goth co-ed. She slips
text: the tattered dress on as Thumper wipes his post-coital self
text: off with a black tee-shirt.
text: Evan barges through the door, throwing his pscyh books on
text: the bed and politely looking away from the half-naked girl.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Whoa. Smells like patchouli and...
dialog: ass.
text: Evan opens the window and checks out his Psych project: a
text: small maze has several flatworms at one end and a bowl of
text: cornflakes at the other.
speaker_heading: THUMPER
dialog: Cricket, meet my well-mannered
dialog: roommate, Evan.
text: Cricket puts on her Doc Martens as Evan watches the worms.
speaker_heading: CRICKET
dialog: Yeah, you're the one who fucked up
dialog: the bell-curve on my Anthropology
dialog: final. Later, Thumper.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Nice to meet you, too.
text: As she leaves, Thumper takes the black T-shirt by his wallet
text: and throws it on Evan's bed.
speaker_heading: THUMPER
dialog: Here, bro. Found your T-shirt.
text: Evan nods thanks, picks up his journal. Reads something and
text: smiles.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Get dressed, Thumper, you're taking
dialog: me out for my birthday.
speaker_heading: THUMPER
dialog: I thought you were a December baby.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: This is bigger. Seven years to the
dialog: day. No blackouts.
text: Thumper pulls out a bong.
speaker_heading: THUMPER
dialog: Let's do this.
scene_heading: EXT. DIRTY HANK'S BAR - DAY
scene_heading: INT. DIRTY HANK'S BAR - CONTINUOUS
text: A popular watering hole. A dark rustic interior, blasting
dialog: alternative rock.
text: Plenty of underage students carry pitchers of beer to their
dialog: tables.
text: Evan and Thumper play pool against two young women. HEIDI,
text: beautiful, wears ripped jeans, no make up. She sinks the
text: eleven ball off the rail. KRISTEN coolly smokes a cigarette,
text: confident that she and Heidi will hold the table.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: So... which one of you has a pet
dialog: worm?
text: Thumper proudly steps forward.
speaker_heading: THUMPER
dialog: Worms, plural.
speaker_heading: KRISTEN
dialog: That's so gross.
text: Thumper steps back, points to Evan.
speaker_heading: THUMPER
dialog: Talk to him about it, he's got the
dialog: fetish.
text: Heidi sinks another ball and looks up at Evan strangely.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Actually, they're for a psych project.
dialog: A study on memory.
text: Heidi misses her shot and passes the cue to Evan.
speaker_heading: HEIDI
dialog: (stifling a yawn)
dialog: Shit, better explain before all the
dialog: excitement gives me a heart attack.
text: Evan speaks as he knocks the one-ball in the corner pocket.
text: As he talks, at a table behind them, some obnoxious Greeks,
text: including HUNTER, SPENCER, and GWEN make fun of Thumper.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: It's an experiment with flatworms
dialog: and a maze. You take a flatworm and
text: run it through the maze until he's
dialog: memorized it. Then you put a new
text: flatworm in the maze. He's clueless.
text: Banging into walls, getting lost,
dialog: whatever.
speaker_heading: THUMPER
dialog: (thoughtfully)
dialog: Like Ozzy.
text: Gwen giggles as Spencer throws popcorn at Thumper's head.
speaker_heading: SPENCER
dialog: Ten bucks says he eats it off the
text: floor.
text: Thumper seems oblivious to their taunts as Evan knocks the
text: three-ball in the side.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: You chop up the smart flatworm and
dialog: feed it to the dumb one and presto,
dialog: the dumb one suddenly knows the maze
dialog: inside and out.
text: Evan walks past Heidi, putting his hand on her shoulder to
text: squeeze by. The hand lingers longer than necessary and Heidi
text: doesn't mind. He sinks another ball.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Just by absorbing the first worm
dialog: into its cellular structure, it gets
dialog: all of the worm's memories.
speaker_heading: THUMPER
dialog: (thoughtfully)
dialog: That's probably why Hannibal Lecter's
dialog: so smart.
text: A handful of popcorn hits Thumper's face. They all try to
text: ignore Hunter and Spencer's jeers.
speaker_heading: HEIDI
dialog: So what's the point?
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: (setting up the eight)
dialog: Maybe if I can figure out how the
dialog: memories of a simple worm function,
dialog: it'll help me understand the
dialog: complexities of the human brain.
text: Another barrage of popcorn hits Thumper's jacket. Although
text: his hand clenches on the cue. He meekly shuffles away to the
text: opposite side of the pool table from the cackling Greeks.
speaker_heading: HEIDI
dialog: (intrigued)
dialog: So are you planning on becoming a
dialog: doctor or something?
text: Thumper casually takes the pool cue from Evan.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: No, I just don't want to lose my
dialog: mind.
text: As Heidi digests this, Thumper carefully lines up his shot...
dialog: The eight ball.
text: CRASH!!! The cue ball intentionally jumps the table, rocketing
text: into the pitcher of beer on the Greek's table. They're all
text: soaked with beer and debris.
text: Just as they begin to rise, Thumper smashes the cue stick on
text: the table, WHISTLING innocently (while now brandishing a
dialog: spear). They sit the fuck down.
text: Kristin, impressed, casually wraps her arm around Thumper's
text: waist. He smiles coolly, it's nothing.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: (to Heidi)
dialog: I think that's your game.
scene_heading: INT. EVAN'S DORM - NIGHT
text: Evan and Heidi, making out, burst through the door and fall
text: on the bed. Evan's shirt is unbuttoned and Heidi strokes his
text: chest. Suddenly Heidi stops and sniffs the air.
speaker_heading: HEIDI
dialog: Smells like sex in here.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Thumper had a busy afternoon.
speaker_heading: HEIDI
dialog: You're kidding. He's so... big.
text: Evan drunkenly crosses the room, grabs two beers from the
dialog: mini-fridge.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Charisma and eyeliner go a long way,
dialog: I guess. Wanna beer?
text: Heidi takes one. Looks under the bed.
speaker_heading: HEIDI
dialog: Most guys tuck their porn under here,
dialog: but all you have are... comp books.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Yeah. I've been keeping journals
dialog: since I was seven.
speaker_heading: HEIDI
dialog: (respectfully)
dialog: Wow... read something.
text: Evan chugs his beer and sits next to her on the bed and puts
text: his arm around her. Very drunk.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: No way, I'd be too embarrassed.
text: Heidi teasingly runs her fingers over his smooth torso.
speaker_heading: HEIDI
dialog: Then keep drinking, worm-boy. You're
dialog: too uptight.
text: Evan stops short.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Freeze! No "worm-boy". No "Mr. Worm,"
dialog: and no "Worm-Master-General!" Once
dialog: you get a nickname like that you
dialog: can't shake it. And I don't want
dialog: everyone thinking I've got tapeworms
dialog: coming out of my ass or something,
dialog: okay?
speaker_heading: HEIDI
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Deal. Now read me something.
text: Heidi hands him a book marked "AGE 13". He flips it open to
text: a random place and takes the beer from her hand.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: (re: her beer)
dialog: For courage.
text: Evan takes and finishes her beer and begins reading. As he
text: reads, he seems more and more on the verge of passing out.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: It's like my mind refused to believe
dialog: what it was seeing. Hearing Crockett
dialog: make those awful screams... Just
dialog: writing about it gives me the shivers.
text: Color drains from Evan's face as he realizes what he's
text: reading. He looks over at Heidi, who kisses him.
speaker_heading: HEIDI
dialog: Come on, go on...
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: It was like Tommy was possessed or
text: something. There was a hate in his
dialog: eyes that I couldn't really call
dialog: human.
text: As Evan reads, the world seems to ALMOST IMPERCEPTIBLY VIBRATE
text: around him LIKE A TUNING FORK. His voice becomes distant and
text: SOUNDS ECHO around him like distant memories resurrecting
dialog: themselves...
dialog: FLASH!
text: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. JUNKYARD - DAY - 1995
text: Evan is THIRTEEN again. The scene begins exactly where Evan's
dialog: blackout occurred as a child. Tommy has just knocked Kayleigh
text: unconscious with a wooden plank, Lenny is frozen at the sight
text: of Crockett in the fluid-soaked gunny sack. And Evan, seething
text: with rage, stands up with clenched fists and CHARGES Tommy
text: at full speed.
text: Evan looks around, utterly confused by his surroundings.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: What the hell is going on?
text: Before an answer comes, Tommy smiles at his good fortune and
text: swings the plank, hitting Evan's head. Evan is sent sprawling
text: backwards, his forehead bleeding freely.
text: Tommy knocks Evan hard in the ribs with his boots. Evan
text: writhes in agony, his face against the ground. Lenny moves
text: toward the gunny sack, lifts it and tugs desperately on the
text: rope that traps Crockett inside.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: I can't undo the rope!
text: Tommy spins around and flashes an evil smile.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Drop it or I'll slit your mother's
text: throat in her sleep.
text: As if on cue, Lenny does exactly as he's told. His eyes begin
text: to glaze over.
text: Evan, beaten and bloody, reaches out with his last bit of
text: strength, grabs Tommy's foot and holds on.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: I got him, Lenny. Help Crockett!
text: Lenny remains frozen in place. Tommy yanks his leg back,
text: breaking Evan's grip.
text: Evan groans on the ground in a writhing heap.
text: Tommy's voice hitches. His eyes water from pent up
dialog: frustration.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Listen to me good, Evan. There's a
dialog: million other sisters in the world.
dialog: You didn't have to fuck with mine.
text: Tommy smiles viciously at Lenny, traumatized to watch Tommy
text: pick up the lighter fluid and spray a liquid fuse from the
text: campfire to the soaked gunny sack.
text: WHOOSH OF FLAMES
text: And Evan passes out.
dialog: FLASH!
text: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. EVAN'S DORM - NIGHT - 2002
text: Evan comes to with Heidi slapping him awake.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Oh my God! No! No!
text: Heidi rolls her eyes.
speaker_heading: HEIDI
dialog: Wake up, idiot. It was just a dream.
text: She stands and angrily puts on her jacket.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: (freaked out)
dialog: It didn't feel like a dream.
speaker_heading: HEIDI
dialog: Maybe because they never do.
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: So Don Juan, you pass out on all
dialog: your dates?
text: Evan doesn't even hear her. After getting his bearings, he
text: grabs his jacket and exits, leaving her dumbfounded.
scene_heading: INT. EVAN'S CAR - SUNRISE
text: Evan drives...
scene_heading: EXT. LENNY'S HOUSE - DAY
text: Evan, exhausted, finally pulls into Lenny's driveway. Very
dialog: little has changed in the past seven years.
scene_heading: INT. LENNY'S ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: ANGLE ON LENNY
text: Now 20, making a model airplane. He's still overweight and
text: looks like his mother dresses him.
text: PULL BACK TO REVEAL
text: The room is filled with model airplanes. Hundreds of them.
text: A KNOCK on Lenny's bedroom door. Mrs. Kagan, grayer, fatter,
text: opens the door and escorts Evan inside. She glares at Evan
text: while pretending to be cheerful.
speaker_heading: MRS. KAGAN
dialog: I've got a surprise for you, Lenny.
dialog: You'll never guess who's here.
text: Lenny looks up to see Evan, his jaw drops.
text: ANGLE ON EVAN
text: Looking around, shocked to see:
text: PAN ALL THE WAY AROUND THE ROOM.
dialog: Nothing has changed in the past seven years.
text: The same kids' toys, posters and comic books.
text: AS WE PAN ALL THE WAY AROUND TO LENNY
text: We see he's working on the model again, in his own world.
text: The window of opportunity for conversation has closed.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Hey, uh, it's me. Evan.
text: Silence. Lenny frowns.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: What's that you're working on? A
dialog: model?
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Well, you look busy, so maybe I should
dialog: make this quick. I'd totally
dialog: understand if you didn't want to get
dialog: into this right now, but that day at
dialog: the junkyard, could you help me
dialog: remember what happened? Any details?
text: No response. Evan picks up a model airplane from the desk.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: I couldn't cut the rope.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: (containing excitement)
dialog: Yeah, good, what else do you remember?
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Drop it or I'll slit your mother's
text: throat in her sleep.
text: Evan, startled, drops the model on the desk. An epiphany.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Jesus Christ. It really happened.
text: Lenny stares out the window.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: What if I can get back all my lost
dialog: memories with my journals.
text: With lightning speed, Lenny jumps from his desk and
text: unexpectedly shoves EVAN IN TO THE WALL. Squadrons of hanging
text: planes crash to the floor. Lenny digs his fingers into Evan's
text: shoulder.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Make one peep and I swear it'll be
dialog: your last, motherfucker.
text: Evan is terrified. Then Lenny suddenly moves back and begins
text: working on the model again, his eyes a million miles away.
text: Evan is speechless.
text: The door bursts open. Mrs. Kagan looks at the smashed model
text: airplanes by Evan's feet. Evan ignores her accusing stare.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Well, thanks for seeing me, man. I
dialog: shouldn't have waited so long.
text: When Lenny doesn't respond, Mrs. Kagan hustles Evan back
text: into the hallway.
scene_heading: INT. EVAN'S DORM - NIGHT
text: Evan pulls a dozen journals from beneath his bed and begins
text: pouring over them.
text: Nearby, Thumper empties a can of hairspray into his Mohawk.
speaker_heading: THUMPER
dialog: You really think he wanted to kill
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: All I know is that I might be able
dialog: to unblock some of my repressed
dialog: memories.
text: He finds something he's looking for, marks the page with a
text: yellow post-it note marked, BLACKOUT and sets the book in a
dialog: separate pile.
text: As he sets the next journal on the bed, it automatically
text: opens up to a place where the spine was bent. Staring up at
dialog: him is the message:
speaker_heading: EVAN'S DIARY
dialog: "I will come back for you."
text: Evan looks overcome by guilt.
dialog: Later that evening:
scene_heading: INT. EVAN'S DORM - NIGHT
text: Evan has now organized a pile of five journals. He selects
text: an entry, begins reading and suddenly closes the journal.
text: Fear covers his face. He holds one of his hands up and isn't
text: surprised to see it trembling.
text: He opens his journal again and reads out loud.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: (reading aloud)
dialog: The last thing I remember before the
dialog: blackout was holding my hands over
dialog: Kayleigh's ears...
dialog: (his voice slowly
dialog: fades)
dialog: I think I was more focused on her
dialog: hands on mine than the mailbox across
dialog: the street...
text: His own words grow reverberant, distant. Furthermore, the
text: walls behind him vibrate, slightly worse than before.
dialog: FLASH!
text: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MRS. HALPERN'S HOME - DAY - 1995
text: Evan, Kayleigh, Lenny and Tommy, all thirteen, watch the
text: mailbox across the street with intense anticipation.
text: When Evan comes to in this memory, the lit cigarette absently
text: drops from his mouth and nestles into the folds of his shirt,
text: SMOLDERING.
text: The mailbox... tick-tock, tick-tock... Like a staring contest.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Maybe it went out. Should someone
dialog: check it?
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Yeah, you do that, Lenny.
text: Suddenly a car appears from down the street and slowly pulls
text: into the driveway.
text: MRS. HALPERN, 24, an attractive young mother, gets out of
text: the car and walks to the mailbox.
text: Across the street, Tommy digs his fingers into the nerves of
text: Lenny's shoulder.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Make one peep and I swear it'll be
dialog: your last, motherfucker.
text: Tommy's words make Evan flinch. From inside the car, a BABY
text: begins to cry. Mrs. Halpern walks back to the car.
text: Evan looks on in horror and suddenly clenches his teeth in
text: pain and silently swipes the front of his shirt, sending the
text: lit cigarette to the ground. He pulls up his shirt revealing
text: a fresh BURN MARK on his stomach.
speaker_heading: MRS. HALPERN
dialog: How's my sweet girl? Awww, you need
dialog: a change, don't you honey?
text: Mrs. Halpern picks her up and carries her to the house. As
text: the mother unlocks the front door to the house, the kids
text: break into wide smiles of relief. But wait...
text: The mother remembers the mail and carries the baby back to
text: the mailbox. Now Tommy is the only one left still smiling.
speaker_heading: MRS. HALPERN
dialog: You want to open the door, honey?
text: The baby fumbles with the mailbox's door handle for a moment --
text: ANGLE ON KIDS' FACES
dialog: BOOM!!!
text: The blast is deafening. Evan, Kayleigh and Lenny watch the
text: results in stunned horror.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: C'mon! Run!!
text: Evan and Kayleigh slowly back away in shock and begin to run
text: a few steps when they realize that Lenny isn't with them.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Lenny? Come on!
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: Oh my God oh my God...
text: Lenny doesn't seem to hear, his eyes fixated on the crimson
text: road. Evan and Tommy double back and grab him. They try to
text: make him break out into a run, but Lenny's feet drag limply
text: against the ground. Both Tommy and Evan grab an arm and begin
text: to run with Lenny through the woods.
dialog: FLASH!
text: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. EVAN'S DORM - NIGHT
text: Evan comes to. Lurches his body over the bed and vomits.
text: Sounds of squeaky bed springs fill the room. Looking sick
text: and pale, he lifts his shirt to see a NEW SCAR from the
text: cigarette burn.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: What the hell?
text: In the next bed, Thumper's head, wrapped in a blanket, pops
text: up from above a NAKED GESELA'S waist.
speaker_heading: THUMPER
dialog: Christ, man. You wanna clean that up
dialog: before I lose my appetite here?
text: Evan sits upright in bed and begins writing in the margins
text: of the journal.
scene_heading: INT. DORM LOBBY - DAY
text: The lobby is decorated with colorful streamers, balloons,
text: posters and banners announcing PARENTS' WEEKEND.
text: Carefree STUDENTS and their parents carry shopping bags toward
text: the bustling elevators. Evan leans against the side of a pay
text: phone, holding his ear to drawn out the noise.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Yes, hello, uh, Mrs. Kagan, this is
dialog: Evan Treborn.
dialog: (rolling eyes)
dialog: I know. I'm sorry about that. But I
dialog: really need to speak with him.
text: She's obviously hung up on him. Suddenly, a HAND grabs his
text: shoulder. It's PROFESSOR CARTER.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR CARTER
dialog: Whoa! Didn't mean to scare you, Evan.
dialog: Just wanted to know how the flatworms
dialog: project was coming.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Oh, fine I guess. It's been kind of
dialog: crazy lately with my mom coming up,
dialog: so I haven't...
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR CARTER
dialog: I know, I know. Who can think of
dialog: worms when your libido's in full
dialog: swing, right?
text: Evan shrugs and forces a smile.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR CARTER
dialog: Just don't drop the ball, okay?
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: I won't let you down, Professor
dialog: Carter.
text: Carter waves to another student and her parents and walks
dialog: away.
scene_heading: INT. FANCY RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: A waiter clears the dishes away from Evan and Andrea's table.
speaker_heading: REVEAL ANDREA
text: Her hair now has gray streaks. As she signs for the bill,
text: she leans over and kisses Evan on the cheek.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Please, mom. People will talk.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: I can't help it. I'm just so proud
dialog: of you. You've got the highest grades
dialog: in all of your classes.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Did Da -- Jason --- get good grades?
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Please. He got straight A's without
dialog: ever touching a book. That was the
dialog: one area where his memory never failed
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Ma? Did he ever say that he figured
dialog: out a way to recall a lost memory
dialog: years after he blacked it out for
dialog: the first time?
text: Andrea's smile fades.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: Why do you ask?
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: No, it's just weird with him being
dialog: such a brain and all, I just wondered
dialog: if he was ever able to remember stuff
dialog: he'd forgotten.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: When he was around your age... almost
dialog: exactly your age. He said he figured
dialog: out a trick to remember the past.
text: Evan tries not to react.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: I couldn't tell if they were real
dialog: memories or just phantoms. You know,
dialog: he might only have thought he actually
dialog: remembered them...
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Sure...
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: And then, just before it got so bad
dialog: that he had to be committed, he said
dialog: that he could...
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: What? What could he do?
text: Andrea shakes her head.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: Forget it. It's nothing. He was far
dialog: too sick by then.
text: Evan nods, but something gnaws beneath the surface.
scene_heading: INT. EVAN'S DORM - NIGHT
text: Evan hastily hunts through his journals, tearing up the room
text: looking for a certain book. Thumper, lying on his bed, quietly
text: watches Evan with growing concern.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: (reading aloud)
dialog: I never wanted to be in the movie
dialog: anyway and it was cold so I wanted
dialog: to wear my clothes but Mr. Miller
text: took his shirt off --
speaker_heading: THUMPER
dialog: What the fuck are you doing?
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Shhh! I need quiet for this.
text: Thumper jumps off the bed and snatches the journal away.
speaker_heading: THUMPER
dialog: Are you stupid or what?
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: THUMPER
dialog: Shucks, I dunno. But maybe there's a
dialog: reason why you've repressed the one
dialog: day when some old lecher had you in
dialog: your tighty whities, dammit!
text: Thumper begins scanning the journal entry. A bitter laugh.
speaker_heading: THUMPER
dialog: Yeah, man. I'd think twice about
dialog: this. You could wake up a lot more
dialog: fucked up than you are now.
text: He hands the journal back to Evan. Evan opens it and begins
text: reading it silently.
text: His hands begin to tremble and he slams the book shut in
dialog: defeat.
scene_heading: INT. EVAN'S CAR - COUNTRYSIDE - DAY
text: Evan, looking haggard and frail, wipes the greasy hair from
text: his eyes and punches the accelerator. His teeth are clenched
text: and he hammers his fist on the dashboard.
text: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. RIDGEWOOD DINER - EVENING
text: Evan pulls into a parking lot of a country diner. He eyes a
text: piece of paper with an address scrawled on it and gets out.
scene_heading: INT. RIDGEWOOD DINER - CONTINUOUS
text: A run-down greasy spoon. Filled with a number of TOWNIES and
text: TRUCKERS. The place is stale with cigarette smoke and appears
text: decorated in grime motif.
text: Evan is about to enter when he spots Kayleigh coming out of
text: the kitchen with a tray full of food.
text: Kayleigh, now twenty, looks pale and sickly thin. She bangs
text: her hip on the swinging door and an order of food crashes to
text: the floor. Her BOSS stares back in aggravation.
speaker_heading: BOSS
dialog: Can we get through one goddamned day
dialog: without you breaking something?
text: Kayleigh's face turns beet red as she bends down to clean up
text: the order. She is humiliated and Evan leans back against a
text: pay phone so that she can't see him watching her.
text: As she brings the mess inside the kitchen, a CUSTOMER pinches
text: her ass. Evan closely studies her reaction to the offense.
text: She flinches uncomfortably but then composes a smile for the
text: customer. Evan backs out uncomfortably.
scene_heading: EXT. RIDGEWOOD DINER - NIGHT
text: Kayleigh struggles with the zipper of a shabby coat as she
text: exits. Evan steps out of the shadows. She's startled at first,
text: but eventually recognizes him. A smile flickers across her
text: face and she allows herself to be hugged.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: God, Evan! I never thought I'd see
dialog: you again. How've you been?
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Oh, comme si, comme ca, you know...
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: No, Evan. I don't know. It's been a
dialog: long time. Fill me in.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: I'm going to State now. Things are
dialog: going okay. I guess. Mom's good...
text: Kayleigh nods and they walk down the street. She reaches
text: into her pocket, pulls out a pack of smokes.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: (declining)
dialog: Not since we were kids.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: I've stopped a hundred times.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: So how's Tommy?
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: (takes a long drag)
dialog: They kept him in juvy for a few years.
dialog: Now he works over at Dale's Autobody.
text: Evan nods and scrutinizes her face with his next question.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: You still live with your dad?
text: Her face is betrayed by a slight tick.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: No. I emancipated myself when I was
dialog: fifteen.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Wow. That must've taken some courage.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: Not if you remember my dad.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Couldn't you have moved in with your
dialog: mom?
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: (shaking her head)
dialog: She had a new family. Not enough
dialog: space for me. Said I should have
dialog: moved in with her when we were kids.
dialog: But... whatever.
text: They walk in silence for a moment.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Actually, Kayleigh, the reason I
dialog: came back to town was to talk to
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: (brightening)
dialog: Me? Are you kidding? Why?
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Remember when I was a kid I had all
dialog: these blackouts?
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: Of course.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Well, lately some of the memories
dialog: have begun to come back and I'd kinda
dialog: like to talk to you about one of
dialog: them in particular. It'd be a big
dialog: help.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: Well, sure. I'll try to remember.
dialog: Shoot.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: When we were kids. Your dad was making
dialog: a movie. Robin Hood or something?
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: (cold)
dialog: What do you want to know, Evan?
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: It's just... did he... what happened
dialog: in the basement?
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: It was a long time ago.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: I know, but...
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: (cold)
dialog: Is that why you came all the way
dialog: back? To ask a lot of stupid questions
dialog: about Robin Hood?
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: No, but I think something really bad
dialog: might've happened to us.
text: Kayleigh stops walking and crushes her cigarette.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: Is there a point to any of this?
text: Evan's features shift from inquisitory to tenderness. He
text: steps closer to Kayleigh and softly strokes her face. She
text: flinches at first, but remains in the same spot.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Whatever happened, it wasn't our
dialog: fault. You know we couldn't have
dialog: stopped it.
text: Kayleigh begins to tremble. Tears flow.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Look, Kayleigh. This may sound like
dialog: bullshit coming from a guy who hasn't
dialog: spoken to you in seven years...
text: She moves her face away from his hand.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: But you were seven years old and
dialog: there's nothing you could've done to
dialog: deserve...
text: Her face collapses and she turns away.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: (defeated)
dialog: Just shut up, Evan. You're wasting
dialog: your breath.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: You can't hate yourself just because
dialog: your dad's a twisted freak.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: Who are you trying to convince, Evan?!
dialog: You come all the way out here to
dialog: stir up my shit just because you had
dialog: a bad memory!? You want me to cry on
dialog: your shoulder and tell you that
dialog: everything's all better now? Well
dialog: fuck you, Evan! Nothing's gonna be
dialog: all better! Okay?! Nothing ever gets
dialog: better!
text: Kayleigh runs, stops and turns back to Evan.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: If I was so wonderful, Evan, why
dialog: didn't you ever call me? Why'd you
dialog: leave me here to rot?!
text: She turns and runs away. Evan looks sick with guilt.
scene_heading: EXT. COLLEGE CAMPUS - QUAD - DAY - 2002
text: A few GREEKS play frisbee and talk trash. Evan, tired and
text: depressed, sits on the lawn nearby, fingering the new burn
text: scar on his belly. Contemplating...
scene_heading: INT. EVAN'S DORM - NIGHT
text: Evan enters his dorm. He ignores Thumper, who sits on Evan's
text: bed sucking furiously from a gurgling bong. He chokes out a
dialog: message.
speaker_heading: THUMPER
dialog: Some dude left a message for you.
text: Evan puts a towel under the door.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: You can smell it all the way in the
dialog: bathroom.
text: Evan hits "play" on the answering machine.
speaker_heading: ANSWERING MACHINE
dialog: (male voice)
dialog: Hi, Evan, this is Professor Carter.
dialog: Just wondered why you didn't hand in
dialog: your essay this afternoon. I was a
dialog: bit concerned. Call me to schedule a
text: make-up.
text: BEEP. Thumper offers Evan a magnified frown of disapproval.
speaker_heading: ANSWERING MACHINE
dialog: (male voice)
dialog: What did you say to my sister
dialog: motherfucker?! Last night she cried
dialog: on the phone for over an hour to me.
dialog: (enraged breathing)
dialog: She said you came and saw her last
dialog: night.
text: Thumper coughs accidentally, tips the bong over on Evan's
text: bed. Reacting quickly, he grabs a towel from under the door
text: and wipes off Evan's comforter.
speaker_heading: ANSWERING MACHINE
dialog: (Tommy; cont'd)
dialog: She... she fucking killed herself
dialog: tonight. She's dead.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And so are you.
text: BEEP. Evan stares dumbstruck at the machine.
speaker_heading: THUMPER
dialog: Whoa, bad news, bro. I don't think
dialog: this is gonna come out.
text: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY - DAY
text: Evan, dressed in black, gets out of his car at the edge of
text: the cemetery. A small cluster of friends and family gather
text: at the grave. Evan grabs a bouquet of roses and begins walking
text: to the grave. When he suddenly spots Mr. Miller and Tommy.
text: Evan's hands tense up into fists. He becomes weak in the
text: knees and stops walking. After an uncomfortable moment of
text: standing still, he retreats to his car and watches the
text: ceremony from the driver's seat.
text: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY - DAY
text: The last of the mourners are filing away. Evan exits his car
text: and walks to the deserted grave. He drops the roses on the
text: casket and turns to make sure nobody is watching.
text: Evan reaches into his pocket and pulls out a sheet of paper.
text: He unfolds it and leaves it on her gravesite:
speaker_heading: EVAN'S DIARY
dialog: "I'll come back for you."
scene_heading: INT. EVAN'S DORM - NIGHT
text: He makes a weighty decision and gets up. He hastily hunts
text: through his journals, looking for a certain book.
text: Evan opens his journal marked "Age 7". He plops on his bed
text: and starts writing sideways in the margins.
speaker_heading: EVAN (V.O.)
dialog: It's been said that a person's life
dialog: is little more than the sum of his
dialog: experiences. If that's true, then
dialog: I'm not sure I know who I am anymore.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I definitely never knew Kayleigh.
text: He turns the page and begins reading the journal. As he mouths
text: the entry to himself, the resonance of an older man's voice
text: seems to REVERBERATE throughout the room and the WORLD behind
text: his head FAINTLY VIBRATES.
dialog: FLASH!
text: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MILLER'S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - DAY - 1989
text: Mr. Miller plays with his camera and the kids are excited
dialog: about playing Robin Hood in a movie.
speaker_heading: MR. MILLER
dialog: Shut up moron. Now get in your costume
dialog: Evan.
text: Evan slowly nods and begins to strip out of his clothes. Mr.
text: Miller takes a quick peek at him.
speaker_heading: MR. MILLER
dialog: I've got an idea. Let's go downstairs,
dialog: it'll look more like a dungeon down
dialog: there.
scene_heading: INT. MILLER'S BASEMENT - DAY - 1989
text: Mr. Miller puts the camera on a tripod in the basement.
text: Kayleigh and Evan sit on folding chairs in front of the
text: camera. Tommy stands at the top of the basement stairs,
text: looking down.
speaker_heading: MR. MILLER
dialog: (to Tommy)
dialog: What did I say about keeping that
dialog: door closed, stupid?
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: But I wanna see!
speaker_heading: MR. MILLER
dialog: You're gonna see my fist in about
dialog: two seconds unless you do what I
dialog: tell you.
text: Tommy sulks and closes the door. Mr. Miller lowers his voice
text: and speaks to Evan and Kayleigh.
speaker_heading: MR. MILLER
dialog: Now in this part of the story, Robin
dialog: Hood just married Maid Marian and
dialog: they have to kiss and stuff like
dialog: grown-ups do.
text: Kayleigh giggles and covers her mouth with her hand. Evan
text: looks skeptical.
speaker_heading: MR. MILLER
dialog: So take your clothes off Kayleigh.
text: Kayleigh stops giggling. Evan says nothing.
speaker_heading: MR. MILLER
dialog: Come on, like when you take a bath.
dialog: Don't make a deal out of it. You
dialog: too, Evan.
text: Mr. Miller gets behind the lens. The room is dead silent.
speaker_heading: MR. MILLER
dialog: Let's go.
text: ANGLE ON TOMMY
text: Who silently opens the door at the top of the basement stairs
text: and watches with horror.
text: Evan's face is flushed with rage. He walks behind Kayleigh
text: and cups his hands tightly around her ears. She can't hear
dialog: anything now.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: What time is it?
speaker_heading: MR. MILLER
dialog: It's time for you to stand where the
dialog: hell I told you.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Wrong answer, fuckbag. This is the
dialog: very moment of your reckoning. In
dialog: the next thirty seconds you're going
text: to open one of two doors. The first
dialog: door will forever traumatize your
dialog: own flesh and blood.
text: The mature speech seems completely surreal coming from a
text: seven-year old. Mr. Miller looks around the room as if he's
dialog: the butt of some sick joke.
speaker_heading: MR. MILLER
dialog: (stunned disbelief)
dialog: What's happened to -- How are you
dialog: doing that?
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: (voice rising)
dialog: It'll change your daughter from a
dialog: beautiful child into an empty shell
dialog: whose only concept of trust was
dialog: betrayed by her own sick pedophile
dialog: father. Ultimately, it'll lead to
dialog: her suicide. Nice work, daddy.
speaker_heading: MR. MILLER
dialog: (hoarse whisper)
dialog: Who -- who are you?
text: Evan impatiently waves the question.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Let's just say you're being closely
dialog: watched, George. Your other option
dialog: is to get your porn off the rack and
dialog: treat Kayleigh like... oh, let's say
dialog: like how a loving father treats his
dialog: daughter. Sound okay to you, Papa?
speaker_heading: MR. MILLER
dialog: (choking)
dialog: ...yes.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Listen close then, fuckbag. You screw
dialog: up again and I swear I'll flat out
dialog: castrate you.
text: The impact of the last sentence isn't lost on Mr. Miller.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: One last thing.
text: Evan leans over to whisper in Kayleigh's ear. Kayleigh stares
text: at the floor, then looks up at her father and shivers.
text: Kayleigh looks into Evan's eyes for support. Evan nods go
text: on. His confidence brings a boldness to her lips.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: Don't you ever touch me again.
speaker_heading: MR. MILLER
dialog: I -- I won't.
text: Kayleigh summons her own new courage.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: I'm cold. And I'm putting on my
text: clothes.
text: As he leaves to pick up her clothes, Evan grins.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: What you need to do is discipline
dialog: your son Tommy, because the kid's
dialog: one sadistic pup.
text: Hiding at the top of the basement stairs, Tommy recoils in
text: horror and picks up one of his sister's dolls and begins
text: twisting the head back and forth...
dialog: FLASH!
text: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SORORITY BEDROOM - MORNING - 2002
text: A broad smile lines Evan's face as he slowly wakes up from
text: his slumber. He suddenly grabs his head as if suffering from
text: a pounding migraine.
text: MONTAGE OF SWIRLING MEMORIES
text: Quick cuts and flashes of Evan and Kayleigh growing older --
text: she seems more carefree now, full of life and less self-
text: conscious.
scene_heading: EXT. ANDREA'S HOUSE - DAY - 1989
text: Evan pulls Kayleigh around in a little red wagon.
scene_heading: INT. FAMILY RESTAURANT - DAY - 1989
text: Evan and Kayleigh play in a tub of balls in the playroom.
scene_heading: EXT. PLAYGROUND - DAY - 1989
text: Kayleigh pushes Evan on a tire swing.
scene_heading: INT. MULTIPLEX THEATER - NIGHT - 1995
text: Tommy, glaring at Evan, thrashes the Teen Punk.
scene_heading: EXT. JUNKYARD - DAY - 1995
text: Burning sack in flames.
scene_heading: EXT. ANDREA'S HOUSE - STREET - 1995
text: QUICK FLASH of the U-Haul driving away.
scene_heading: EXT. BUS STATION - DAY - 1995
text: At thirteen, Kayleigh spunkily hops off a GREYHOUND BUS and
text: runs into Evan's arms.
scene_heading: EXT. ANDREA'S NEW HOUSE - DAY - 1995
text: Still thirteen, Evan peddles his bike by his new house,
text: Kayleigh riding on the handlebars.
text: More memory flashes of Evan and Kayleigh throughout the teen
dialog: years, they grow up as lovers now:
scene_heading: EXT. LAKE - DAY - 1997
text: Evan and Kayleigh have romantic picnic on a rowboat.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGH SCHOOL FOOTBALL FIELD - SUNRISE - 2002
text: Evan and Kayleigh watch the sunrise after senior prom.
text: BACK TO:
scene_heading: INT. SORORITY BEDROOM - MORNING - 2002
text: Finally the memory assault is over. Evan groans in pain as
text: blood trickles from his nose.
text: An arm reaches over and touches his shoulder.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH (O.S.)
dialog: Honey, are you all right?
text: Evan whips around to see Kayleigh watching him. Not only is
text: Kayleigh alive, but she's a ravishing beauty. Evan lurches
text: back from the shock of seeing Kayleigh and falls to the floor.
text: She sees Evan's nose bleed and her eyes go wide.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: Oh my God, Evan. You're bleeding!
dialog: Look at you!
text: Evan, still stunned, can do little but stare from the floor.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: (transfixed by her)
dialog: Jesus, Kayleigh, you're...
dialog: (looks around)
dialog: Incredible.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: (purring)
dialog: Mmmm... You give good compliment.
text: Clean up and come back to bed.
text: He stands in the middle of her bedroom, surrounded by sorority
text: plaques and pink preppy decor.
text: Evan, hardly able to take his eyes off her as she hands him
text: a tissue. He reaches for his clothes at the foot of the bed
text: and comes up with a Greek-lettered fraternity sweatshirt and
text: brown suede jacket.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Where... where are my clothes?
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: Those are your clothes, silly.
text: Evan frowns with distaste, grabs a towel and heads out.
text: WE FOLLOW HIM INTO:
scene_heading: INT. SORORITY BATHROOM - MORNING
text: At the sink, Evan washes the blood off his face and looks at
text: his reflection in the mirror. A nearby shower SHUTS OFF.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: This is too amazing! Un-fucking-real!
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: I wish I could get so excited about
text: a nose bleed.
text: Evan turns around and sees Gwen, one of the sorority brats
text: from the bar, exit the shower naked.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Whoops. Sorry. My bad.
text: Evan blushes and turns back to the mirror through which Gwen
text: dries herself with a towel while staring flirtatiously back
dialog: at Evan.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Hey, you were with those assholes
text: who threw popcorn at Thumper.
text: Evan holds his temple in pain as another memory comes to
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: And your name is... Gwen!
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: Seriously, Evan. Lay off the blow.
text: She pats his ass and exits the bathroom.
scene_heading: EXT. COLLEGE - QUAD - DAY - 2002
text: Kayleigh, wearing a long skirt and tight red sweater, catches
text: the eye of every guy on campus. She and Evan stroll arm in
text: arm through the quad.
text: Somehow, the world seems brighter now. Even the colors seem
text: more vibrant when compared to the somewhat grimmer world
dialog: we've known.
text: MANY STUDENTS wave to Evan and call his name. He can't
dialog: remember all their names but it's kinda cool being the BMOC.
text: Evan takes a long look at her and becomes curious.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Hey, uh, don't go freaking out on me
dialog: over this, but do you remember when
dialog: your dad first got his video camera?
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: Well I remember he had one... but
dialog: he, like, put it away after the first
dialog: day. Why would that freak me out?
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: I dunno.
dialog: (goofy smile)
dialog: Just being weird.
text: Kayleigh playfully sweeps her leg around to kick him on the
text: ass, then smiles as if a ghost must have done it.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: Such a goofus. See you tonight.
text: Kayleigh gives him a big unexpected kiss and walks away.
text: After a moment of wow, Evan runs off to class himself.
scene_heading: INT. DORM LOBBY - DAY
text: Evan inserts his last quarter into the lobby pay phone and
text: dials a telephone number.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Come on, Mom, be there!
speaker_heading: ANSWERING MACHINE
dialog: (Andrea's voice)
dialog: Andrea,
dialog: (Evan's voice)
dialog: Evan,
dialog: (a strange, older
dialog: man's voice)
dialog: And Chuck,
dialog: (all three)
dialog: Aren't home right now. You know what
dialog: to do.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: (off-guard)
dialog: Hi, Mom and, uh, Chuck. Just calling
dialog: to say hi and well, call me.
text: Evan hangs up the phone, then checks his watch. No, wrist.
text: At that moment, Thumper passes Evan in the lobby.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Thumper! What time is it, man?
text: Thumper eyes this strange preppy kid with distaste.
speaker_heading: THUMPER
dialog: Whasamatter? Lost your Rolex?
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: THUMPER
dialog: Fuck off, frat boy.
text: Thumper walks away, leaving Evan dumbfounded.
scene_heading: INT. COLLEGE CLASSROOM - DAY
text: Evan runs into the lecture hall and gets in line behind other
text: STUDENTS who are taking No. 2 pencils from a box on Professor
text: Carter's desk.
text: Evan hears PEOPLE he cannot see calling his name. Somehow,
text: it's more creepy than cool. The Professor makes a loud
dialog: announcement.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR CARTER
dialog: Remember, everyone! Only two weeks
dialog: until your science projects are due.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: I still owe you an essay from last
dialog: week. Is there any way I could get
dialog: an extension?
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR CARTER
dialog: And you are...?
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: (disappointed)
dialog: Evan Treborn.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR CARTER
dialog: The answer's 'no', Mr. Treborn. Now
text: take a seat. The exam's about to
dialog: begin.
text: Evan walks up the aisle and takes a seat. As he sits down,
text: someone puts his ARM menacingly around Evan's throat.
text: Evan flinches, turns around and sees Hunter, the frat guy
dialog: Thumper assaulted the other night at Dirty Hank's bar.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Leave me alone, asshole. I didn't
dialog: lay a hand on you, okay?
text: Hunter bursts out laughing.
speaker_heading: HUNTER
dialog: Evan, you're hysterical. You study
dialog: for this?
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: (awkward)
dialog: We'll find out soon enough.
speaker_heading: HUNTER
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Me neither.
text: Hunter surreptitiously hands Evan a cheat-sheet to the exam.
text: Evan's face brightens.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: You're kidding. Are these the
dialog: answers?!
speaker_heading: HUNTER
dialog: Damn, Evan, on the D.L.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: (holding it lower)
dialog: Thanks. Wow. Hey, I want to do
dialog: something really special for Kayleigh
dialog: tomorrow. If I said I needed some
dialog: help from you and the brothers...
speaker_heading: HUNTER
dialog: I'd say blow me. Get the pledges to
dialog: do it.
text: Evan nods and smiles as exams are passed down his row.
scene_heading: INT. SORORITY BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Evan and Kayleigh have just finished having sex. She seems
text: incredibly satisfied, but he looks slightly uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: Oh my God, that was good. Where'd
dialog: you learn all those new tricks?
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: So it didn't feel... weird?
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: Yeah, if you call multiple orgasms
dialog: weird.
text: She giggles and snuggles into him. He's grateful for her
text: affection, but still looks uneasy. The PHONE RINGS and he
text: automatically answers it.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Yellow.
text: Silence on the other end. More silence.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: Fuck 'em.
text: As Evan hangs up, he and Kayleigh share a giggle and he
text: resumes snuggle position.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: What do you think it is about us
dialog: that makes us so perfect? Like,
dialog: looking back, whatever gave you the
dialog: nerve to sneak out and visit me after
dialog: I moved away?
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: As if my dad could've stopped me
dialog: from seeing you. What's he gonna do
dialog: to me?
text: Evan smiles to himself. And hugs her tighter.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: You think we'll always be together?
text: For the first time she looks at him with concern.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: That is the plan, right? Hell or
dialog: high water?
text: He's in heaven, but plays it cool.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Just making sure.
text: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FRAT HOUSE - FRONT LAWN - DAY
text: The pledges of Theta Chi busily gather around Evan, their
text: clothes covered in dirt, food and what might be vomit.
text: Evan, now dressed like his usual self, bangs a wooden spoon
text: on a metal salad bowl that a poor THETA CHI PLEDGE wears as
text: a hat.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Order, order. So all you rushes know
dialog: what you've got to do for me?
speaker_heading: THETA CHI PLEDGE
dialog: (correcting him)
dialog: Pledges, Sir Brother Evan, Sir.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Pledges, rushees, same difference.
dialog: Now this is a one-time deal. You do
dialog: all this for me and I'll never give
dialog: you shit again. Promise.
text: A buzz of excitement runs through the pledges.
text: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. FRAT HOUSE - ATTIC HALL - NIGHT
text: It's peaceful now. Evan covers Kayleigh's eyes with his hands
text: as he leads her through the attic hallways. Both are dressed
dialog: to the nines.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: I don't understand, where are you
dialog: taking me?
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: You'll see.
scene_heading: EXT. FRAT HOUSE - ROOF - CONTINUOUS
text: The wooden door to the rooftop swings open, revealing Kayleigh
text: and Evan. Kayleigh is dazzled by what she sees:
text: The entire roof is decorated with fairy-lights, Chinese
dialog: lanterns and hundreds upon hundreds of candles. And elegant
text: romantic table for two awaits them, flanked by twelve FORMALLY
text: DRESSED SERVANTS (previously seen pledges) who respectfully
text: stare ahead with the utmost class.
text: Two pledges immediately pull out two chairs and stand by.
text: Kayleigh applauds and laughs with delight.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: I don't know what to say. It's
dialog: beautiful.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Go on. Sit down.
text: As she takes a step toward the table -- FLOWER PETALS shower
text: down on her. She looks up to see TWO MORE PLEDGES standing
text: on ladders, delicately tossing pedals.
text: Kayleigh looks overwhelmed as she sits down.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: Why are you doing all this for me?
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Simple math. When I woke up this
dialog: morning and saw your smile... I knew
dialog: that I wanted to spend the rest of
dialog: my life with you.
text: Her hand reaches out to his and grabs it fiercely. Her eyes
text: tell him she feels the same way. A magical moment.
text: And they lean into each other for a kiss so enchanted it
dialog: might as well be their first ever --
text: Hunter bolts up the stairs, two at a time.
speaker_heading: HUNTER
dialog: We been lookin' all over for you,
dialog: man.
speaker_heading: SENIOR BROTHER
dialog: Someone trashed your car.
text: The moment's gone. Evan and Kayleigh exchange worried looks.
scene_heading: EXT. FRAT HOUSE - PARKING LOT - CONTINUOUS
text: Evan runs down the front lawn to his car, the Honda parked
text: at the bottom of the hill. His face collapses.
text: Evan's car has been trashed and is surrounded by broken glass.
text: The seats and tires have been slashed, the hood has been
text: mysteriously yanked off and the steering wheel sits on the
text: roof.
text: The most unnerving thing, however, is a SPIKED LEATHER DOG
text: COLLAR hangs off the rearview mirror.
text: By now a crowd has gathered. Evan runs up to people.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: (panicked)
dialog: Did you see who did this? You see
dialog: anyone?
text: No one will answer with anything more than a shrug.
speaker_heading: HUNTER
dialog: Probably them Pika fuckers.
text: But Kayleigh knows better. She stares at the collar.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: How could he get away with this?
dialog: Right in front of the goddamn frat
dialog: house!
text: A SENIOR BROTHER angrily calls him from the lawn.
speaker_heading: SENIOR BROTHER
dialog: Frat house? Hey man, would you call
dialog: your "country" a "cunt"?
text: Kayleigh shudders and Evan puts his arms around her.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: Don't. He's probably watching.
scene_heading: INT. FRAT HOUSE - EVAN'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Evan leads Kayleigh into his bedroom and shuts the door.
text: Evan can't help but look under the bed. No one. He then locks
text: the door, reaches into his desk and finds a tiny canister of
dialog: Pepper Spray.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: It's my fault. I should have told
dialog: you he was released a few weeks ago.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Might'a been nice.
dialog: (re: pepper spray)
dialog: Like this is gonna do any good. Maybe
text: one of the frat guys has a gun.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: Please, Evan. Don't even joke. He
dialog: wouldn't hurt you. He's just trying
dialog: to scare you away from me.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: (shaking the cannister)
dialog: Yeah, right. Tell that to Crockett.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: It's not his fault, Evan. You knew
dialog: how bad he had it when we were kids.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Don't give me this Oprah-book club
dialog: bad upbringing shit, because you
dialog: turned out fine.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: My father never laid a hand on me.
dialog: It's like the prick saved it all up
dialog: for Tommy.
text: Evan sits in silence for a moment, contemplating this.
text: Kayleigh's eyes plead for him to have compassion.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Fine, then. We'll let campus security
dialog: deal with him.
scene_heading: EXT. COLLEGE QUAD - NIGHT
text: Kayleigh and Evan walk through the all-but-deserted campus.
text: Evan seems especially paranoid. In the distance, some guy
text: vomits loudly.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: Are you okay?
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: It's just... you've been acting kinda
dialog: strange, you know?
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Like how?
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: I don't know. You seem... different.
dialog: You make weird jokes. Your accents
dialog: changed. You don't even walk the
dialog: same.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: I walk differently?
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: I can't put my finger on it, but
dialog: everything's a bit off. Even the
dialog: dinner tonight. It was beautiful,
dialog: but...
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: I know I've been actin strange lately.
dialog: It's just that... I don't want
dialog: anything to happen to us.
text: The guy along the path gags loudly into the bushes. Kayleigh
text: and Evan instinctively avert their eyes. Suddenly, Kayleigh's
text: ears perk and she stops walking mid-stride.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: Wait. Something's not right. Isn't
dialog: that your jacket?
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: What?
text: The guy, wearing Evan's brown suede jacket, suddenly springs
text: to his feet, revealing his face for the first time.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: Tommy.
dialog: Tommy has grown in the last seven years. He has long, greasy
text: hair and some tattoos. He holds a TIRE THUMPER (a short,
text: steel bat for truckers) menacingly in his right hand.
text: Evan stands frozen in fear, his hands rooted in his coat
text: pockets.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Leave us alone you sick fuck!
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Get this "us" shit. As if I was gonna
dialog: lay a hand on my own sister. You've
dialog: done nicely for yourself, Evan. Nice
dialog: friends, nice life, not to mention
dialog: you're fucking my sister. Not a bad
dialog: piece of ass if I say so myself.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: Shut up, Tommy!
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Aw, hey now, that was a compliment.
text: Tommy takes a few practice swings with the tire thumper.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: What the hell are you doing?
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: It wasn't enough that the whole world
dialog: loves you, but you had to take away
dialog: the last person on earth who didn't
dialog: think I was a piece of shit.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: (suppressing panic)
dialog: No one thinks you're a piece of shit,
dialog: Tommy.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Right, Evan. I believe you just said
dialog: "sick fuck."
text: Tommy rushes Evan and bashes him with the tire thumper in
text: the shoulder and ribs.
text: Evan goes down. As Tommy prepares to bash his brains in,
text: Evan whips out the Pepper Spray and nails Tommy in the face.
text: Tommy reels back in pain, covering his eyes with this free
text: hand. Evan struggles to his feet and circles around Tommy,
text: keeping a distance as he douses Tommy with Pepper Spray.
text: Kayleigh screams. Tommy blindly stumbles around, madly
text: swinging the tire thumper. Evan charges forward in an
text: uncontrollable rage, rips the weapon out of Tommy's hands
text: and sprays a lethal dose of pepper spray into Tommy's open
text: mouth.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: Evan, stop! You're gonna kill him!
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: He's a fucking maniac!
text: Evan knocks Tommy down with the tire thumper. Kayleigh screams
text: and tries to hold Evan back, but he easily wrestles free of
text: her. She runs to a blue streetlight on the quad.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: He ruined Lenny's life --
text: Evan kicks Tommy hard in the ribs. Kayleigh pushes a button
text: on the "Blue Light" lamp post and an ALARM WAILS.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: He killed Crockett --
dialog: (kicks him)
dialog: Murdered that woman and her baby!
dialog: (kicks again)
dialog: And he's trying to kill me, Kayleigh!
dialog: He's trying to fucking kill me!
text: Evan raises the tire thumper for a final attack and swings
text: down OFF CAMERA.
dialog: CRUNCH!
text: Evan sees what he's done and drops the weapon, horrified.
text: Kayleigh sees what Evan's done to her brother. And stops
text: cold when she sees the damage to Tommy.
text: Evan rushes toward her and she stumbles backwards, still
text: terrified by his rage, and skitters away from him in a
text: crablike fashion.
text: SIRENS come racing to the quad. Evan looks away from Tommy's
text: limp body.
text: Collapses to the ground and begins to weep.
text: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MAVIS PENITENTIARY - DAY
text: A SECURITY VEHICLE pulls through the ominous metal gates of
text: the large state prison. The vehicle stops and Evan, along
text: with nine other convicts, exit in leg and hand restraints.
scene_heading: INT. MAVIS PENITENTIARY - DAY
text: Evan, now wearing his standard issue inmate uniform, enters
text: the General Population area of the prison. PRISONERS begin
text: screaming vicious taunts and catcalls at the fresh batch of
text: new inmates. Evan tries to keep composed and walks toward
text: his cell. Evan looks up to see one of the men leaning over
text: the second tier, KARL, a huge muscular con with tattoos of
text: swastikas and other Nazi symbols on his arm, blows a kiss at
text: Evan and winks.
scene_heading: INT. EVAN'S CELL - DAY
text: Evan enters a dimly lit cell plastered with pictures of Jesus
text: Christ and various Saints. Burning flames on open cans of
text: shoe polish serve as candles to the large shrine.
text: There is a stained bare mattress on the top bunk. Sitting on
text: the bottom bunk is CARLOS, 30s, a massive Hispanic convict
text: covered with faded Indian ink jail tats of Christ in agony.
text: Carlos stares at Evan disinterestedly as Evan makes up his
text: bed on the top bunk.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: First time?
text: Evan nods glumly.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: Best not bitch up. Wind up someone's
dialog: luggage that way.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: (desperate)
dialog: Can you protect me?
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: Jesus himself couldn't make me take
dialog: on the Brotherhood. When they come,
dialog: just put your mind in another place,
dialog: man. Be somewhere else.
text: A BUZZER SOUNDS. Carlos leaves the cell without another word.
scene_heading: INT. PRISON CAFETERIA - EVENING
text: Evan sets his tray down at a table filled with Carlos and
text: some other INMATES. No sooner has he sat down to eat, do
text: eager forks reach onto his tray and steal his food. Carlos
text: shrugs at Evan and offers him a roll.
scene_heading: INT. MAVIS VISITING CHAMBER - DAY
text: Andrea sits across from Evan in the visitor's chamber. Her
text: hair is now bottle-blonde. Four inches of Plexiglas separate
text: the two and they talk on monitored phones. Andrea, frazzled,
text: twirls an unlit cigarette.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: ...I spoke to your new lawyer about
dialog: the appeal. He's sure he can get you
dialog: off on self-defense, so if you're
dialog: patient.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: How long will I be in here?
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: I don't know. These things take time.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: How's Kayleigh doing? She all right?
text: Andrea's look tells him to look for hope elsewhere.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: What about my journals, Mom? Did you
dialog: bring the ones I asked for?
text: Andrea nods, holding up two comp books. "AGE 7" and "AGE
dialog: 13".
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: I found these. The others are still
dialog: in storage.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Damn it, Mom. I told you I need them
dialog: all!
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: Fine. You'll get them, Evan. But I
dialog: think it's far more important to
dialog: focus on your case right now.
text: Evan looks as if he's about to disagree with her, but he
text: closes his mouth and placates her.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Sure, Mom. You're right. Just try to
dialog: tell Kayleigh I'm sorry.
text: And officer signals Evan and points to his watch.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: I'm not gonna lose you, kiddo. Promise
dialog: me you'll hang on, Ev.
text: They look at each other and Evan slowly lowers the phone. He
text: hangs up, Andrea still pressing her phone to her ear.
scene_heading: INT. MAVIS PENITENTIARY - DAY
text: Evan walks closely behind Carlos through a corridor, clutching
text: his journals. As he passes Karl, the Neo-Nazi, Karl reaches
text: over and firmly grabs Evan's crotch.
text: Evan, totally violated, turns white with rage.
speaker_heading: KARL
dialog: Shit on my dick or blood on my knife.
text: Evan stands there, stunned, unable to react when --
text: Another Neo-Nazi, RICK, swats Evan's journals out of his
text: hands and onto the floor. Life springs back into Evan as he
text: rushes for the journals. He and Rick grab the journals at
text: the same time. A minor tug of war.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Let go! They're mine!
text: Rick tears them away, Evan coming up with only a few torn
text: pages. Evan sees the damage and goes mental.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Motherfucker!
text: Evan swings at Rick and misses. INMATES CHEER! It's on! Rick
text: lunges for Evan, a brief and painful scuffle ensues, the
text: journals getting trampled. Suddenly -- The sounds of COCKED
text: RIFLES echo through the air. The fight stops instantly as
text: Rick and Evan look up to see --
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON
text: OFFICER STATION. Officers aim rifles at the pair. From an
text: upper tier, even more officers with more rifles.
text: Their barrels sight directly at Evan. Rick steps away, quick
text: to maliciously scoop up Evan's torn journals.
speaker_heading: KARL
dialog: We'll be comin' for you tonight,
dialog: sister.
text: Evan catches his breath, then looks at the remaining few
text: pages on the floor.
scene_heading: INT. EVAN'S CELL - DAY
text: Evan enters the cell with a few entry pages. He looks through
dialog: them. Nothing there.
text: Evan nods depressed, then sees the page from his "Age 7"
text: journal, grabs Carlos' duct tape and tapes the page over his
dialog: bed.
scene_heading: INT. PRISON CORRIDOR - DAY
text: Evan, walking toward some White Supremacists, flinches
text: whenever the occasional INMATE brushes against him. Evan is
text: completely paranoid, waiting for an inevitable attack. Karl
text: makes himself visible among them, holding a journal. He reads:
speaker_heading: KARL
dialog: (from Evan's journal)
dialog: Today I found my grandfather's death
dialog: certificate. He died in a nut house,
dialog: just like my father. Mom denies it,
dialog: but she thinks I'm gonna end up the
dialog: same way...
text: The other Supremacists start laughing and calling "looney"
text: and "nut job." Evan rushes past them and they make chicken
text: clucks at him.
scene_heading: EXT. PRISON YARD - DAY
text: Evan and Carlos sit on BLEACHERS that overlook the other
dialog: prisoners working out.
text: Evan closely watches Karl and Rick who stare daggers at him
text: from across the yard. A SKINHEAD PASSES SOMETHING with a
text: white-taped handle to Karl but no officers seem to notice.
text: Evan slides closer to Carlos and stares at the Jesus Christ
text: tattoos all over Carlos' back.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: You're religious Carlos, you believe
dialog: that bit about "the Lord works in
dialog: mysterious ways?"
speaker_heading: CARLOS
text: Straight up.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Because I think he sent me to your
dialog: cell on purpose. For you to help me.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: Shit. I knew you were crazy.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: I ain't bullshitting. Jesus speaks
dialog: to me in my dreams.
text: Carlos scoffs whatever.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Pack of smokes says I can prove it
dialog: to you.
text: Carlos is suddenly interested.
scene_heading: INT. EVAN'S CELL - LATER
text: Evan holds a tattered journal entry in his hand and finishes
text: up a conversation.
text: Carlos looks dumbfounded.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: So when I'm out, I need you to watch
dialog: my face and hands closely.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: You need to see the prison shrink,
dialog: man.
text: Their conversation stops when a convict rolls a mail cart
text: by, Evan looking up expectantly.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Anything today?
speaker_heading: CONVICT
dialog: Yep. Just not for you.
text: Disappointed, Evan turns back to Carlos. Holds up his journal
text: entry.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Just tell me if anything weird
dialog: happens.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: Weirder than this?
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Marks, scars, I dunno. Anything could
dialog: happen I guess.
text: Evan studies the page.
speaker_heading: JOURNAL ENTRY
dialog: "On Wednesday I got in trouble for a drawing that I didn't
dialog: do. Mommy wont let me see it."
text: Then as he starts reading it to himself, the bars behind him
text: almost imperceptibly VIBRATE --
text: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. FIRST GRADE CLASSROOM - DAY - 1989
text: Evan, seven, COMES TO in an old familiar place. WE are back
dialog: in Mrs. Boswell's first grade class. All of the children
text: draw colorful pictures. Evan sees some paper spindles sitting
text: on Mrs. Boswell's desk. As he heads over to them, Mrs. Boswell
text: firmly grabs his shoulders and steers him back to his own
dialog: desk.
speaker_heading: MRS. BOSWELL
dialog: No monkey business, Evan. Sit still
dialog: and finish your drawing.
text: Evan, defeated, looks over at his blank piece of paper. He
text: smiles mischievously, and grabs some colored pencils.
speaker_heading: MRS. BOSWELL
dialog: That's great everyone! Just imagine
dialog: anything you want to be. There are
dialog: no limits.
text: Soon enough, an image emerges: Evan holding a knife, stands
text: over a heap of several dead inmates Karl and Rick.
text: When done, he sneaks over to Mrs. Boswell's desk, where the
text: two paper spindles sit. The metal needles reach up and skewer
text: a number of paper notes and messages.
text: Evan looks over to see Mrs. Boswell holding up his drawing,
text: horrified.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: (musically)
dialog: Oh, Mrs. Boswelllllllll?
text: She looks over in time to see Evan using all of his seven-
text: year old strength to WHIP his hands down toward the spindles!
text: The moment before his palms reach them there's a brief instant
text: where SOUNDSCAPES COLLIDE and the world behind him VIBRATES.
text: AND WE'RE BACK TO:
scene_heading: INT. EVAN'S PRISON CELL - DAY - 2002
text: Evan comes to as ECHOES OF SCREAMING CHILDREN FADE. Alertness
text: slowly creeps back up on him as he hears:
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: Oh sweet Jesus. It's true. It's a
dialog: miracle! A miracle!
text: Evan looks up to see Carlos staring at him with reverence.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: Your hands. The stigmata!
text: Evan looks to see two scars in the center of each palm.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: What did you see? What did it look
dialog: like?
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: (laughing)
text: Signs of the Lord. They just appeared
dialog: out of nowhere. I thought you were
dialog: loco!
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: So you believe me?
text: Carlos simply stares at him, awestruck, and hands over a box
dialog: of cigarettes.
scene_heading: INT. KARL'S CELL - CONTINUOUS
text: Evan nervously approaches. A CREW of Aryans block his path.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: I want to make a deal.
text: The Aryans laugh, make discrete eye contact with Karl, who
text: grins and signals to let Evan pass.
scene_heading: INT. KARL'S CELL - CONTINUOUS
text: Karl and Rick wait expectantly as Evan nervously enters.
text: They say nothing, relishing the fearful silence.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Look. I'm new to all this but I think
dialog: I get how things work. You gotta
dialog: join a gang or else end up dead meat.
text: They continue to stare.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Well it sure ain't gonna fucking be
dialog: with no niggers or spics. So how do
dialog: we do this? You gotta work your way
dialog: up, and I'm the new guy.
dialog: (looking ill)
dialog: So... should I... I mean, do I suck
dialog: your dicks right now?
text: Karl and Rick exchange looks.
speaker_heading: KARL
dialog: Is your blood pure?
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: (angry)
dialog: I ain't no fucking kike if that's
dialog: what you mean.
text: Rick stands. All muscle.
speaker_heading: RICK
dialog: Let's see what you got. And watch
dialog: the fucking teeth or you'll be leaving
dialog: without 'em.
text: Evan nods reluctantly and peacefully drops to his knees.
text: Karl and Rick lower their pants to their ankles. Evan looks
text: miserable, about to do the deed when -- CARLOS bulldozes
text: past the Aryans into the room, slamming Karl into the wall
dialog: and jamming a shank into Karl's crotch!
text: Rick instantly charges Carlos, but trips on the pants around
text: his ankles. Evan, anticipating Rick's fall, stomps Rick's
text: face before snatching his journals from Karl's shelf.
text: Evan frantically flips through them, hunting for something,
text: as the other WHITE SUPREMACISTS charge the cell.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Carlos!
text: Carlos drops Karl's writhing body to the floor and presses
text: his girth against the cell door.
text: Evan locates an entry and concentrates on the words just as
text: the other supremacists force the door open -- Evan focuses
text: on the words. Chanting quickly.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: We took the woods behind the junkyard
dialog: just to make sure we wouldn't bump
dialog: into Tommy. We hadn't seen the smoke
dialog: yet.
text: WORDS from the entry begin to SHIMMER. REVERBERANT SOUNDS OF
text: BARKING break the sound barrier and the image of Aryans
text: storming the cell behind him become a FRENETIC BLUR
text: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. JUNKYARD WOODS - DAY - 1995
text: Evan, thirteen again, comes to in the woods. Evan stumbles
text: at first, then rights himself. He seems strangely exhilarated.
text: A sinister victory smile.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Rot in hell you fucking animals.
text: Kayleigh and Lenny, walking by his side, do a double take.
text: Evan shrugs "just kidding" and looks around, getting his
text: bearings. He whips his hand out and stops them.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Wait. Before we --
text: He suddenly notices Kayleigh who now no longer looks an
text: awkward and unkempt tomboy, but rather a vibrant and feminine
text: young girl. Whereas her clothes were loose and unflattering
text: before, she is now radiant and wears fashionable styles.
text: Evan remembers his mission and darts over to a JUNK PILE.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: We need something to cut open the
dialog: sack!
text: Kayleigh and Lenny stare at him, concerned for his sanity.
text: Evan roots through the trash until he finds something: a
text: razor sharp piece of metal about two feet long. Evan offers
dialog: it to Lenny.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: I want you to take this, Lenny.
dialog: Today's your day of atonement. I
dialog: know how guilty you feel about that
dialog: woman and her baby --
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: Evan. Stop it. It's not the time.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: (frantic)
dialog: Now's the only time!
dialog: (to Lenny)
dialog: Today you get a chance to redeem
dialog: yourself. Start over with a clean
dialog: slate. Tabula rasa --
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: You're acting crazy!
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: (desperate; to Lenny)
dialog: Please. If you've ever trusted me
dialog: before, trust me on this one.
text: Evan places the metal shard in Lenny's hand.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Cut the rope.
text: Lenny slowly follows Evan as he bolts away.
scene_heading: EXT. JUNKYARD - LATER
text: Evan groans on the ground, writhing. Tommy's voice hitches,
text: eyes watering from pent up frustration.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Listen to me good, Evan...
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: I'll do whatever you want. You don't
dialog: want me to ever see Kayleigh again,
dialog: fine. Just let Crockett go. Besides,
dialog: you kill him now and they'll stick
dialog: you in juvy for sure. And I know
dialog: you'd never leave your sister alone
dialog: with your father.
text: Evan's words hit home and Tommy's anger slowly dissipates. A
text: look of understanding passes between them. Gratitude, even.
text: Tommy looks at the sack and begins to untie it. Lenny comes
dialog: screaming from nowhere like a bat out of hell! With all of
text: the force he can muster, he jams the metal shard all the way
dialog: through Tommy's throat!
text: Tommy clutches his throat, gagging in blood. Evan surveys
text: the scene in shock:
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Oh fuck, Lenny, no!
text: Lenny drops to the floor, Indian style, wipes the dirt in
text: his hands and freezes up completely. Kayleigh wakes up and
text: SCREAMS when she sees blood spurt from Tommy's throat.
text: Meanwhile, Crockett escapes from the sack.
speaker_heading: EVAN'S POV
text: Lenny, silhouetted by the sky, seems to vibrate violently as
dialog: if operating a jack-hammer.
dialog: FLASH!
text: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. COLLEGE - EVAN'S DORM - NIGHT - 2002
text: Evan comes to in a familiar place. His original college dorm -
text: ONLY BACKWARDS.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Christ. Help me.
text: He sits upright in bed and takes in his surroundings. When
text: suddenly, Evan clutches his head in severe pain.
text: A MONTAGE OF IMAGES ASSAULT HIM:
scene_heading: INT. SORORITY BEDROOM - DAY
text: Color memories of Kayleigh's sorority fade to BLACK and WHITE
dialog: and dissipate.
scene_heading: EXT. FRAT HOUSE - NIGHT - 2002
text: Memories of Evan's vandalized car fade to BLACK and WHITE
dialog: and dissipate.
scene_heading: INT. PENITENTIARY - DAY - 2002
text: The faces of Karl and Rick all turn grainy...
scene_heading: INT. COLLEGE - EVAN'S DORM - DAY - 2002
text: As new images of THUMPER become more BRILLIANT.
scene_heading: INT. SUNNYVALE - PADDED ROOM - DAY - 2005
text: A new image overwhelms the others: Lenny, 13, with dark,
text: soulless eyes wearing a straight-jacket in a padded room.
text: BACK TO EVAN:
scene_heading: INT. EVAN'S DORM - DAY - 2002
text: Evan's eyes roll back in his head. He shakes uncontrollably
text: and blood pours from his nose.
text: Thumper opens the door, sees Evan convulsing and jumps back
text: in horror. He scans the hallways for assistance.
speaker_heading: THUMPER
dialog: Someone call 9-1-1!
scene_heading: INT. SUNNYVALE LABORATORY - DAY
text: Evan lies on an examining table undergoing another series of
text: CAT-scans. The machines are now state of the art and the lab
text: room has been redecorated.
scene_heading: INT. DR. REDFIELD'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Andrea nervously chews her fingernails as she watches Dr.
text: Redfield post CAT-scan results on the light box. A young
text: nurse pushes Evan, in a wheelchair, into the doctor's office.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Okay, doc. What's the damage? How
dialog: much time have I got?
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: Cute, Evan.
speaker_heading: DR. REDFIELD
dialog: It's a little complicated. I haven't
dialog: seen results exactly like these
dialog: before.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Are you sure? Not even with my father?
text: Dr. Redfield and Andrea exchange looks.
speaker_heading: DR. REDFIELD
dialog: Actually, these tests weren't
dialog: available twenty years ago.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: So what did you find.
text: Dr. Redfield points to the CAT-scan slides, specifically, to
text: the outer lining of Evan's brain.
speaker_heading: DR. REDFIELD
dialog: This is where we're finding most of
text: the hemorrhaging. The outer lining
dialog: of the cerebral cortex.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: (nonplussed)
dialog: Lemme guess. Would that be where the
dialog: memories are stored?
text: Dr. Redfield stares ahead. Transfixed by the slides.
speaker_heading: DR. REDFIELD
dialog: I've never seen anything like this.
dialog: I've compared these to the ones taken
dialog: last year, and there's evidence of
dialog: severe hemorrhaging and massive neural
dialog: reconstruction.
text: Andrea stares at him blankly. Evan impatiently "pops wheelies"
text: in the wheel chair.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: What does that mean for Evan?
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: (to Andrea)
dialog: He's saying it's like forty years
dialog: worth of new memories have been jammed
dialog: in my brain since last year. Overload
dialog: city. 'Sat about the gist of it,
dialog: doc?
text: Dr. Redfield nods, awed by Evan's effortless interpretation.
text: Evan springs out of the wheelchair and stretches his legs.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: (to Andrea)
dialog: Mind if I wait in the car? The
dialog: lighting here bugs my eyes.
text: Andrea nods. Evan shakes Dr. Redfield's hand.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Well, it's nice seeing you again.
dialog: But you know, people to see, things
dialog: to read...
text: Andrea shoots Dr. Redfield an apologetic look. Evan heads
text: out the door, accidentally knocking Dr. Redfield's jacket to
text: the floor. He shrugs apologetically and re-hangs it.
scene_heading: INT. SUNNYVALE CORRIDOR - CONTINUOUS
text: Outside the office, Evan inspects Dr. Redfield's KEYS and
text: attached SECURITY CARD and smiles. Evan covertly winds himself
text: through the maze of corridors, careful not to be seen by the
dialog: staff.
text: He finally sees a wing marked "CRIMINALLY INSANE". Evan looks
text: around to make certain he's not being watched, then uses the
text: security card to open the door. He looks in every room of
text: the wing until he finds --
scene_heading: INT. SUNNYVALE - LENNY'S ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Evan unlocks the door and is moved by what he sees.
text: Lenny is strapped onto a metal bed, his arms and legs in
text: tight leather restraints. The dark five o'clock shadow and
text: his malicious grin radiate evil.
text: His black and haunting eyes personify hate and murderous
text: intent.
text: Lenny seems neither surprised or happy to see Evan. That is,
text: if he's aware of Evan's presence at all...
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Is there anything you need? Anything
dialog: I can get you?
dialog: Nothing from Lenny.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: What about the models, man? Bet I
dialog: can get you a shitload of models up
dialog: in here.
text: Still nothing. Not even a glance in his direction. Evan sighs
text: and gives up.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Okay, Lenny. Just wanted to say "hi".
text: Evan turns around to leave.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: You knew the whole time, didn't you?
dialog: (Evan spins around)
dialog: When you put the blade in my hand,
dialog: you knew something big was going to
dialog: happen. Didn't you?!
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: (jaw dropped)
dialog: Y... yes. I guess I did.
text: Lenny's eyes seethe with hate.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Then you should be where I am. You
dialog: should be where I am.
text: Evan backs away, face guilt-stricken.
scene_heading: INT. EVAN'S DORM - DAY
text: Evan enters his dormroom (where everything's backwards),
text: reaches under his bed and is relieved to find the journal
text: marked "AGE 7".
scene_heading: EXT. COLLEGE QUAD - DAY
text: Evan is ignored by several Theta Chi pledges as he plops
text: himself by a tree and hunts through his journal to find the
dialog: entry from when he was seven and visited Jason at Sunnyvale.
speaker_heading: JOURNAL ENTRY
dialog: "Today I get to mete my father. His name is Jason and he is
dialog: crazy. I hope he lets me call him dad."
text: Evan takes a calming breath and begins reading.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: (as if reciting a
dialog: mantra)
dialog: Today I get to meet my father. His
dialog: name is Jason and he is crazy...
text: Evan gets some strange looks, but continues. As he does, the
text: trees and frisbee-playing students behind him VIBRATE and
speaker_heading: SHUDDER.
text: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SUNNYVALE VISITOR'S CHAMBER - DAY - 1989
text: Seven-year old Evan comes to during the time he first met
dialog: his father, Jason.
text: Jason waits patiently for young Evan to finish his sentence.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Are you okay? You looked like you
dialog: were somewhere else for a second
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Look, Jason, I need some fast answers
dialog: if I'm ever gonna fix what I've done.
text: Jason is completely thrown.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I was praying this curse would have
dialog: ended with me.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: But it didn't. And now I need info
dialog: to make things right again and you're
dialog: the only one who can give it to me.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: (frustrated)
dialog: There is no "right". When you change
dialog: who people are, you destroy who they
dialog: were.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Who's to say you can't make things
dialog: better?
text: Jason seems extremely upset to hear Evan say this.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: You can't play God, son. It must end
dialog: with me. Just by being here, you may
dialog: be killing your mother.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Bullshit. I'll send you a postcard
dialog: when I've made everything perfect
dialog: again.
text: Jason launches himself across the table, shackles and all,
text: and grabs hold of Evan's throat.
speaker_heading: EVAN'S POV
text: As Jason looks down at us, frothing at the mouth, there's a
text: trick of the light where Jason's head seems to VIBRATE against
text: the ceiling.
dialog: FLASH!
text: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. COLLEGE QUAD - DAY - 2002
text: Evan's hands instinctively reach for his throat, then he
text: realizes his surroundings. Heartbroken, he shuts the journal
text: and stands up shakily.
scene_heading: INT. RIDGEWOOD DINER - EARLY EVENING
text: Evan eats in the same diner where Kayleigh used to work. As
text: he eats, his arm sits in front of his plate, protectively.
text: Guarding his food.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: Just get out, didja?
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: (re: his arm)
dialog: Nothing. Just that my brother did a
dialog: stint in the pen and he used to eat
dialog: like that.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: (defensively)
dialog: I come from a big family.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: Meant no offense.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: None taken. Hey, uh, does Kayleigh
dialog: Miller still work here?
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: (confused)
dialog: Sorry. Never heard of her.
scene_heading: EXT. MILLER HOUSE - EVENING
text: Evan slowly walks up the driveway, which is now a dilapidated
text: mess. Garbage litters the front lawn and paint chips rot off
text: the sides of the house. Inside, Mr. Miller yells at someone.
speaker_heading: MR. MILLER
dialog: Just shut the hell up already! Can't
dialog: a man get a little goddman peace in
dialog: his own home!
dialog: (Evan rings doorbell)
dialog: Oh, for Christ's sake, now what?
text: Mr. Miller opens the door and sees Evan.
speaker_heading: MR. MILLER
dialog: Don't suppose you're here to sell
dialog: cookies?
text: In a blur, Evan grabs Mr. Miller's shirt and violently shoves
text: him through the house and into a wall.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Good guess, fuckbag.
dialog: (off Miller's startled
dialog: face)
dialog: Remember me now? We had a great chat
dialog: once when I was seven.
text: Mr. Miller goes slack, his eyes wide with horror.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: One question, fuckbag. Where can I
dialog: find your daughter?
scene_heading: EXT. SEEDY HOTEL - NIGHT
text: Evan walks past some junkies and enters.
scene_heading: INT. SEEDY HOTEL - CONTINUOUS
text: Evan steps over some passed out bodies that litter the hallway
text: of an incredibly seedy motel. The kind with hourly rates. He
text: knocks on a door.
text: Kayleigh, now haggard, strung-out junkie, opens the door and
text: immediately the contempt for Evan grows in her eyes. She
text: puts out an expression of disappointment.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: Oh, I thought you were my eight
dialog: o'clock. Make it fast, I'm expecting
dialog: someone.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Nice to see you, too. Can I come in?
text: She looks around, waves him in.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: If I knew you were coming I'd have
dialog: cleaned the stains off the sheets.
scene_heading: INT. KAYLEIGH'S SEEDY HOTEL ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: The room is dirty and sparse, excepting charred-bottom spoons,
text: yellowed cotton balls and brown-spotted squares of tin foil.
text: Evan doesn't hesitate to sit on the "soiled" bed.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: What do you want?
text: Evan can't speak. His eyes begin to water.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: I just needed to see... a friendly
text: face.
text: His sincerity touches her.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: Well, time is money, Evan. So you...
text: Evan reaches for his wallet and throws it on her dresser.
text: Kayleigh eyes the wallet. But makes no move to pick it up.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: Well, I guess I can spare ten minutes
dialog: for an old friend, right?
text: Tears fall freely from Evan's eyes.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: So how's tricks? Sorry, occupational
dialog: humor.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: I get it. You can drop it now.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: (angry again)
dialog: Oh, I'm sorry. Does my line of work
dialog: make you uncomfortable, precious?
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: No. Just that you need to hurt me
dialog: with it. I've been where you've been.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: Ha! Where's that?
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: The bottom. When you're just a piece
text: of meat waiting for the next attack.
text: Kayleigh watches Evan silently.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: What's happened to you?
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: You wouldn't believe me. I mean,
dialog: people always say, "You wouldn't
dialog: believe me", but in this case, it's
dialog: not even worth trying.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: I've seen some sickening shit. I
dialog: don't blink twice anymore, especially
dialog: in your case.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Why's that?
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: Because you're... different.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Different? How?
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: Let me ask you a question. Just a
dialog: little one that's been gnawing at me
dialog: for years.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: On the bridge. How did you know that
dialog: Tommy had your dog? That was no
dialog: fucking hunch.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Do you remember when I was a kid and
dialog: I had those blackouts?
text: Evan continues and Kayleigh listens with a mixture of intense
text: interest and matched skepticism.
text: DISSOLVE TO LATER:
scene_heading: INT. DINER - NIGHT
text: Kayleigh finishes a plateful of food at a busy diner. She
text: lights up an after-dinner smoke.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: You're right, Evan, I don't believe
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: I never thought you would. That's
dialog: why I've never bothered to tell a
dialog: soul until now, and why I never will
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: I'm the only person you've told?
dialog: That's a great line. Does that make
dialog: other girls swoon? Do they actually
dialog: eat up this bullshit?
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: I couldn't give a shit if you believe
dialog: me or not, and frankly I'm too tired
dialog: to prove it to you.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: Oh? There's proof now?
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: (tired)
dialog: Shit. I dunno. How would I know about
dialog: the twin moles on your inner thigh?
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: Anyone with fifty bucks could tell
dialog: you that.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Then forget that. How about... you
dialog: prefer the smell of a skunk to
dialog: flowers, you hate cilantro because
dialog: for reasons unknown to you, it reminds
dialog: you of your step-sister.
text: Kayleigh's jaw drops.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Oh! And when you orgasm, your toes
dialog: go numb. I'm sure your clientele
dialog: aren't privy to that one.
text: Kayleigh tries to conceal the surprise in her eyes.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: I just thought you should know.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: Know what?
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: That I didn't leave you there to
dialog: rot.
text: Kayleigh flinches as if her should had been invaded, then
text: her eyes fill with distrust and contempt.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: There's one major hole in your story.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Which is?
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: There is no fuckin' way on this planet
dialog: or any other that I was in some
dialog: fuckin' sorority.
text: She opens Evan's wallet and leaves a twenty on the table.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: Sure you don't want your wallet?
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Don't think I'll need it where I'm
dialog: going.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: Off to change everyone's life again,
dialog: is that it? Maybe this time you'll
dialog: pop up in some mansion while I wind
dialog: up in Tijuana doing the donkey act.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: I'm over it. Whenever I try to help
dialog: anyone it all turns to shit.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: Well, don't give up now, Slick. You've
dialog: already done so much for me. Hell,
dialog: why don't you go back in time and
dialog: save Mrs. Halpern and her baby. Then
dialog: maybe Lenny wouldn't freak out and
dialog: ruin my family.
text: She gets up and puts on her coat.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: Oh, here's one! Go back when I'm
dialog: seven and fuck me in front of Daddy's
dialog: handicam, you know, straighten me
dialog: out a bit...
text: She tosses his wallet over her shoulder at him and leaves.
scene_heading: INT. EVAN'S DORM - DAY
text: Evan enters his familiar looking dorm and hears the familiar
text: sounds of Thumper having sex with another naked GOTHIC CO-
text: ED. On Evan's bed.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Get out. Both of you.
speaker_heading: THUMPER
dialog: Sorry, dude. Just figured it'd be
dialog: okay with you bein' sick and all.
text: Evan's temper flares and he picks up a chair and SMASHES it
text: against a wall above Thumper's head.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: I'm not saying it again.
text: Thumper and the co-ed quickly cover themselves in the blankets
text: and leave. Alone in the room, Evan looks under his bed and
text: breathes a sigh of relief to see all of his journals are
text: intact. He sifts through them again. He finally finds the
text: passage he needs. Something catches the corner of Evan's
text: eyes and he turns to examine it.
text: To the left of Thumper's Buddha statuette sits a large VOTIVE
text: CANDLE that bears a portrait of Jesus Christ.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: (humble)
dialog: Lord give me the strength and guidance
dialog: I need to set things right.
text: As he begins reading a passage to himself, SOUNDS ECHO
text: backward at us from another time and place. And the entire
text: ROOM SHIMMERS around him --
text: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MRS. HALPERN'S HOUSE - DAY - 1995
text: Evan comes to as he, Kayleigh, Lenny and Tommy -- all thirteen --
text: watch Mrs. Halpern carry her baby back to the mailbox across
text: the street with intense anticipation. Evan suddenly comes to
text: life and makes himself visible, running across the street
text: shouting.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Lady, stay back! Don't go near the
dialog: mailbox!
text: Mrs. Halpern, startled, stares at the young kid skeptically
text: as she absently continues toward the mailbox.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: I mean it, woman! Get the hell back!
text: Lenny comes running across the street to Evan's aid, and
text: Tommy shrugs and follows after him.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: There's a bomb in the mailbox. Get
dialog: away!
text: Tommy, still running, cringes to hear Lenny's stupid
text: confession and rolls his eyes at the situation. Evan positions
text: himself between Mrs. Halpern and the mailbox, frantically
text: waving his hand at her to stay back, because she's STILL
text: COMING.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: I'll save you lady!
text: Tommy takes a running dive at Mrs. Halpern, perhaps a bit
text: too hard, and sends her and the baby to the pavement, hurt,
dialog: but no major injuries.
text: Seeing things are safe, Evan backs away from the mail --
dialog: BOOM!
text: The blast is deafening! Evan's body is hurled backwards
dialog: dramatically.
dialog: FLASH!
text: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. EVAN'S DORM - DAY - 2002
text: Evan comes to back in his dorm, the same posters are on the
text: wall, the sheets are the same. Even the familiar sounds of
text: Thumper having sex under the covers.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: I thought I told you two to beat it.
text: Evan's face falls as he hears a familiar voice, but not
dialog: Thumper's.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: What? Hey, sorry, man. We wake you
dialog: up?
text: Evan is confused by Lenny's presence, but smiles to himself
text: and shakes his head "no".
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: No, it's cool.
dialog: (re: Lenny's okay)
dialog: Really cool.
text: Evan yawns, bringing his hand to his mouth, but there's no
text: hand. No arm, really, either. Just two FLESHY STUMPS!
text: Evan bolts upright in bed and stares down at his amputations.
text: A FLOOD OF MEMORIES ASSAULT HIM:
text: We see countless and brief image flashes of Evan growing up
dialog: from the age of thirteen with NO ARMS, and requiring a
speaker_heading: WHEELCHAIR.
scene_heading: INT. MULTIPLEX THEATER LOBBY - DAY - 1995
text: Tommy and Kayleigh load popcorn and drinks onto Evan's lap
text: as Lenny pushes the wheelchair.
scene_heading: INT. ANDREA'S HOUSE - KITCHEN - DAY - 1995
text: Evan celebrates his 14th birthday and blows out the candles.
text: Andrea, Kayleigh, Tommy and Lenny all clap.
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCH - DAY - 1995
text: Tommy pushes Evan to church.
scene_heading: INT. EVAN'S DORM - DAY - 2002
text: Evan screams as blood pours from his nose. Lenny is out of
text: bed at once to help him... as is KAYLEIGH! (Now beautiful
dialog: and natural looking).
text: QUICK SERIES OF FLASHES:
scene_heading: EXT. LAKE - DAY - 1999
text: Lenny and Kayleigh, as teens, sit together with Evan at the
text: far end of the boat.
scene_heading: INT. HIGH SCHOOL - DAY - 1999
text: Evan looks on longingly as Lenny and Kayleigh become lovers
dialog: in high school.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - NIGHT - 1999
text: A campfire. Evan sips from a BEER CAP as Lenny and Kayleigh
text: make out in plain sight with Tommy's bashful approval.
text: BACK TO EVAN:
scene_heading: INT. DORM HALLWAY - DAY - 2002
text: Evan's in agony as Kayleigh opens a series of dorm doors and
text: Lenny rushes Evan's wheelchair through. Kayleigh carries a
text: pair of prosthetic arms in her hands.
text: Evan moans and tries to rub his temple with his stump.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Where are we going?
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: We have to get you to Sunnyvale.
dialog: You're having one of your famous
dialog: hemorrhages.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Stop! Take me back!
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Sorry, tough guy, no can do. Your
dialog: mother would kill me.
text: Evan launches his body forward and spills clumsily out of
text: the wheelchair. Lenny must halt in order not to crush Evan.
text: As Evan writhes about on the floor, his legs paralyzed, a
text: CROWD GATHERS.
text: Evan focuses on Lenny, but it's hard to ignore the crowd
text: that titters and snickers in the background.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Take me back, Lenny!
dialog: (teeth clenched)
dialog: You owe me that much.
text: Kayleigh turns to face the jeering crowd.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: What are you geeks looking at? Must
dialog: be nice to be so goddamned perfect,
dialog: huh? Fucking losers.
text: The crowd breaks up and leaves.
scene_heading: EXT. COLLEGE QUAD - DAY
text: It's calm now. Lenny and Kayleigh push Evan's wheelchair
text: around the quad. Evan now wears prosthetic arms. Random PEOPLE
dialog: call out to Lenny. He's extremely popular in this world.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: 'Sup, Sheila! We missed you at the
dialog: party! Don't even think I'm giving
dialog: you my lab notes either! Think I
dialog: like getting up for "eight thirty's"?
text: Lenny pushes Evan past Thumper and Cricket. Their conversation
text: stops and they stare at their feet as Evan gets wheeled by.
text: Evan boils to be treated as if he were non-existent.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Hey, there's Tommy.
text: Evan spins around in fear. He sees Tommy, clean-cut, and
text: handing out flyers in front of a banner that reads "Campus
text: Crusade for Christ." Tommy seems good-natured now, working
text: hard and soliciting names for his list. He looks up as Evan
text: rolls along and his eyes brighten to see Evan.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: I did what you said, man! We're
dialog: pooling our student funds with Hillel
dialog: House and we're going to have an
dialog: Awareness Dance.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Oh goody, nothing like spinning my
text: chair around to a techno mix of Hava
dialog: Nagila til I puke.
text: Tommy frowns and exchanges glances with Lenny, who shrugs
text: and nods back to him.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Uh, we should be getting to class
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Forget it. What's the point of Psych
dialog: now? Tomorrow I could wake up as
dialog: some dirt farmer in Bangladesh.
text: Another exchanged glance. Kayleigh looks at Evan.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: Let's go for a stroll.
text: Evan allows Kayleigh to roll him away from the others. To
dialog: the very spot where Evan once killed Tommy.
text: Evan stares at his prosthetic hand which he can "magically"
dialog: will to open, close, open, close...
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: So Tommy's really into this Jesus
dialog: kick, huh?
text: Kayleigh looks at him curiously.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: You know how spiritual he's gotten
dialog: ever since he saved Mrs. Halpern and
dialog: Katie.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: He saved Mrs. Halpern? Please, the
dialog: twisted fuck.
text: Kayleigh, now by a bench. Stops and sits. As she casually
text: uses her foot to turn his chair to face her, she pulls out a
text: granola bar and hands it to him.
text: His prosthetic hand crushes it. It crumbles to dust. She
text: seems more confused.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: Is something the matter?
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: (re: prosthetic arms)
dialog: Yeah, I think I gotta get these fixed
dialog: or something.
text: She leans into him, gently feeding him her remaining bar.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Kayleigh? Do you ever think about
dialog: "us?" I mean, wonder if it could
dialog: ever have been different between the
dialog: two of us?
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: Sure, Evan, why not? You were the
dialog: first person I really ever cared
text: about.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: I was?
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: That's why when I was little I never
dialog: went to live with my mother.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: I don't get it.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: (feeding another bite)
dialog: When my folks split, they gave me
dialog: and Tommy a choice who we wanted to
dialog: live with. I couldn't stand my dad,
dialog: but I knew if I moved to my mom's
dialog: I'd never see you again.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: I never knew that. So then you still
dialog: sometimes think of us... together?
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: It's crossed my mind from time to
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: (hopeful)
dialog: And...?
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: Well a lot of things cross my mind.
dialog: I've always been a fast thinker, Ev.
dialog: I can play out the movie of our entire
dialog: lives in under a second. Boom -- we
dialog: fall in love -- get married -- two
dialog: kids, your keen analytical insight
dialog: matched to my generous nature --
dialog: kids grow old as do we, relatively
dialog: stable relationships, matching burial
dialog: plots, the whole bit. It took a lot
dialog: longer to spit out than to imagine.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Then you think it might have worked
dialog: out?
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH
dialog: Why not? But that's not how things
dialog: wound up. I'm with Lenny, Lenny's
dialog: your friend. And there it ends.
text: She looks into his eyes and shrugs almost apologetically.
text: Tears streak down Evan's face as he speaks in a pleading
dialog: tone.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Would it make any difference if I
dialog: told you that no one could possibly
dialog: love anyone as much as I love you?
text: Kayleigh shakes her head sadly, then suddenly looks up. Evan
text: turns to see Lenny waving her over. She puts her hand on
text: Evan's shoulder, stands and goes to Lenny.
text: Evan can't take his eyes off her.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON
text: Lenny kissing Kayleigh. In painful slo-mo. Evan turns away,
text: utterly heartbroken.
scene_heading: INT. HANDICAPPED BATHROOM - DAY
speaker_heading: CLOSE UP
text: Evan's stump turns on a BATHTUB FAUCET.
dialog: REVEAL:
text: Evan, fully clothed, lies in a bathtub that's filling with
text: water. Beside the tub, the wheelchair has been tipped over.
text: The water rises past his mouth, to his nostrils -- Evan makes
text: his peace and takes a final breath.
text: And the water spills over the side of the tub. All Evan can
text: do is watch it, still breathing easily through his nose.
text: A beat. Then the door opens.
text: TOMMY ENTERS. Immediately sizing up the situation.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: You forgot to put the toaster on the
dialog: edge.
text: Tommy casually turns off the water, then pops open the DRAIN.
text: The water level lowers to Evan's mouth.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: But you, Kayleigh and Lenny like
dialog: toast. And that's really all that
dialog: matters now.
text: Tommy feels Evan's anguish and plops his ass on the wet floor
text: by the tub. He lays his head onto Evan's shoulder.
text: Evan bristles at first, but finally gives in to his hatred,
text: ultimately resting his own head against Tommy's. Taking the
dialog: comfort offered.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: I'll get you changed. Visiting hours
dialog: are almost up.
scene_heading: INT. ST. VINCENT'S HOSPITAL - EVENING
text: Tommy rolls Evan through a quiet hospital corridor.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: (looking around)
dialog: What, did mom get transferred again?
text: Tommy frowns, confused, then rolls Evan into --
scene_heading: INT. ANDREA'S ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Evan is startled to see Andrea hooked up to several IV's, an
text: oxygen tank and a respirator. Several oxygen hoses connect
text: to a tracheotomy tube.
text: Tommy smiles and kisses Andrea on the cheek. She tousles his
text: hair in return.
text: Evan can hardly speak. As Tommy begins to wheel Evan's chair
text: closer to Andrea's bedside, Andrea utters a faint whisper.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: Looking. Good. Kiddo.
text: Evan eyes her MEDICAL CLIPBOARD as he's wheeled by.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: (reading)
dialog: Lung cancer?
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Sorry, Mrs. T. He's been out of sorts
dialog: lately.
text: Andrea flinches to hear this. Evan stares at her, eyes wide.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Right... You started chain smoking
dialog: after I blew myself up.
text: Evan suddenly seems sick with guilt.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: There must be a way to fix this.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: Fix?
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: I just need the entry about the
dialog: blockbuster. Wait, shit, no arms. I
dialog: never even got the chance to write
dialog: it.
text: A flicker of recognition registers in her eyes.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: Is Evan... different?
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: He's just going through some tough
dialog: times.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Mom. Don't cry. I can change this.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: I think I'll go check out the chapel.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: You're. Acting. Like your father.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Come on, Mom. Just 'cause Dad was my
dialog: age when he started going crazy
dialog: doesn't mean that I'm nuts.
text: Andrea is shocked.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: How. Did you. Know that?
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: You told me that on Parents' Weekend.
dialog: Remember? Wait, that wasn't me. Or
dialog: you.
text: She uses her left hand to pinch off the air to her oxygen
text: tube and forces herself to speak in a sick, GRAVELY manner.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: Just. Like. Jason.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Don't worry. I'm gonna get you out
dialog: of here.
text: He pushes a lever and the mechanical wheelchair rolls itself
text: out of the room.
text: Andrea forces her loudest raspy scream.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: Stop him. Stop him. Stop him...
scene_heading: INT. EVAN'S DORM - NIGHT
text: Lenny tears through old cardboard boxes in Evan's closet.
text: Evan watches nearby.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Are you sure you even packed it?
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: My mom packed for me. I think she
dialog: sent everything I ever owned. So
dialog: we'll see.
text: Evan watches Lenny eagerly as he dumps tons of Evan's junk
text: on the floor. Old report cards, books, toys and photo albums
text: fall on the floor.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: Is this it?
text: Evan beams when he sees Lenny holding his old journal. AGE
dialog: 7.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: What do you need it for? I don't get
dialog: you lately.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Duly noted. Now I'm gonna ask you
dialog: for one last favor.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Shhh. I need to concentrate on the
dialog: blockbuster if I'm gonna destroy it.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: (concerned)
dialog: Destroy it?
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: If I hadn't blown my arms off, Mom
dialog: never woulda started smoking in the
dialog: first place. Now shhhh.
text: Lenny, utterly baffled, sits back in silence and watches
text: Evan begin reading his journal to himself for a beat.
speaker_heading: ON EVAN
text: As new sounds ECHO BACKWARD. There's a --
dialog: SHIMMER!
text: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ANDREA'S HOUSE - KITCHEN - MORNING - 1989
text: Evan comes to in his childhood kitchen. He is only seven
text: years old. He coughs up Lucky Charms that have "magically"
text: appeared in his mouth. On a journal before him is the recently
dialog: written passage:
speaker_heading: JOURNAL ENTRY
dialog: "Today Mommy is taking me to play with Kayley and Tommy. I
dialog: will mete there father and see what a real dad is like."
text: Andrea is nowhere in sight. Evan springs to his feet and
text: flexes his real hands triumphantly.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Yes. Now how do I destroy the
dialog: blockbuster?
text: He rummages through the utensil drawer and pulls out a large
text: butcher knife and grabs it. He tucks it into his sock but it
text: won't fit. He's still debating what to do when:
text: ANDREA WALKS IN and is startled by the unexpected sight of
text: Evan holding a huge knife.
text: Evan sees her but remains expressionless. Andrea's face
text: blanches.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: Evan? What are you doing with that
dialog: knife?
dialog: FLASH!
text: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. EVAN'S DORM - NIGHT - 2002
text: Evan comes to to find Lenny still staring at him. Waiting
dialog: for something big to happen.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Well, that didn't work...
text: Evan flips a single page of his journal and tries again. He
text: reads to himself, then relaxes his head --
dialog: FLASH!
text: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MILLER'S BASEMENT - DAY - 1989
text: Evan, seven again, stands in the basement dressed in his
text: Robin Hood costume as Mr. Miller prepares for the sex scene.
speaker_heading: MR. MILLER
dialog: Now in this part of the story, Robin
dialog: Hood just married Maid Marian and
dialog: they have to kiss and stuff like
dialog: grown-ups do.
text: Kayleigh giggles. There seems to be a new glint of
text: intelligence in Evan's eyes as he adjusts to his new
text: surroundings.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Wait! I need my belt!
text: Mr. Miller is puzzled, but watches Evan SKIP to the fireplace.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: (overly childlike)
dialog: Loo loo, skip to my loo. Loo loo,
dialog: skip to my loo.
text: Mr. Miller puts his eye back to the viewfinder as Evan quickly
text: finds Mr. Miller's old army thermos in the bottom drawer of
text: the dresser, opens it and shakes out the blockbuster.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Loo, loo, skip to my loo.
text: He tries to crack it with his own hands, but his seven-year
dialog: old body is too weak.
speaker_heading: MR. MILLER
dialog: Hey kid, don't bother with the belt.
text: Mr. Miller finally turns around and sees Evan banging the
text: blockbuster on the table. Shock registers in Mr. Miller's
text: eyes and he takes a step towards Evan.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Back off, fuckbag!
text: Mr. Miller freezes on that, and Evan smiles at him.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Amazing. That word never fails to
dialog: make an impression with you...
text: Mr. Miller takes a slow, non-threatening step toward Evan.
speaker_heading: MR. MILLER
dialog: Easy does it, Evan! Don't be a bad
dialog: boy or I'll tell mommy you were
dialog: naughty.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: And I'll tell the Child Protective
dialog: Services about your kiddie porn
dialog: endeavors. One step closer and I'll
dialog: shove this up your ass!
text: Kayleigh's mouth hangs open with utter amazement at the scene.
text: Tommy, hiding at the top of the stairs, slowly creeps down
text: to get a better view.
text: Evan rummages in the bureau and finds the wooden "strike
dialog: anywhere" matches used at thirteen to light his cigarettes.
speaker_heading: MR. MILLER
dialog: That's dangerous! You could blow
dialog: your hands off!
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Been there, done that.
text: Evan, standing near the fireplace, defiantly strikes the
text: match with this thumb and lowers the flame to the short fuse.
text: Mr. Miller charges Evan just as the fuse is lit! Mr. Miller
text: knocks the blockbuster from Evan's hand and it rolls towards
text: the other side of the room, resting peacefully against the
dialog: video camera.
text: Kayleigh's eyes are dazzled by the sparkling fuse and she
text: bends down to pick it up --
speaker_heading: MR. MILLER/TOMMY/EVAN
dialog: Kayleigh! NOOOOOooooo!
scene_heading: EXT. MILLER'S HOUSE - DAY - 1989
text: BOOM! The blast is deafening.
dialog: FLASH!
text: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SUNNYVALE - EVAN'S ROOM - DAY - 2002
text: Evan, twenty, wakes up with a bloody nose.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Oh God, Kayleigh...
text: Evan gets a new series of QUICK IMAGES and FLASHED FACES.
scene_heading: INT. FAMILY COURTROOM - DAY - 1989
dialog: Evan (now seven) is institutionalized before a judge.
scene_heading: INT. SUNNYVALE INSTITUTION - DAY - 1989-1994
text: Evan (seven through twelve) GROWS UP in an institution.
scene_heading: INT. DR. REDFIELD'S OFFICE - DAY - 1989-1994
text: Evan undergoes years of therapy under Redfield's care.
dialog: FLASH!
text: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. EVAN'S ROOM - SUNNYVALE - DAY - 2002
text: Evan lies in a room, same posters from college adorn the
text: walls. Blood flows freely now.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: (sobbing uncontrollably)
dialog: Kayleigh... no! You can't die again!
dialog: I won't let this happen. I won't!
text: Evan fights off the pain and looks under his bed for
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Where are they?!
text: His journals are missing! He runs from the room.
scene_heading: INT. DR. REDFIELD'S OFFCIE - DAY
text: Evan runs into Dr. Redfield's office just as another patient
text: is leaving.
speaker_heading: DR. REDFIELD
dialog: Hey, Evan. What's the big rush? We
dialog: don't meet for another hour.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Where are my goddamn books?
speaker_heading: DR. REDFIELD
dialog: Books?
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: My journals! Where are they?
text: The doctor looks heartbroken, as if Evan has had a relapse.
speaker_heading: DR. REDFIELD
dialog: It kills me to have to go through
dialog: this again. There are no journals.
dialog: There never were. It's part of this
dialog: fantasy world your mind created to
dialog: cope with the guilt of killing...
text: Evan looks stunned. Refusing to believe it.
speaker_heading: DR. REDFIELD
dialog: Think Evan. You've invented a disease
dialog: that doesn't exist. Alternate
dialog: universes with colleges, prisons,
dialog: paraplegia...
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: But I... I need those books.
speaker_heading: DR. REDFIELD
dialog: You remind me of your father. He
dialog: always screamed for a photo album
dialog: even though he never had one.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Photos?
text: Evan's eyes roll back and he collapses lifelessly to the
text: floor.
scene_heading: INT. SUNNYVALE LABORATORY - DAY
text: Evan lies on a platform and gets another series of CAT-scans.
scene_heading: INT. EVAN'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Evan, no longer incapacitated, stares out the window into
dialog: the darkness. Alone.
dialog: Trapped. Hopeless.
scene_heading: INT. DR. REDFIELD'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Later that day, Dr. Redfield posts the new CAT-scan slides
text: on the light box and shudders when he sees the results. Andrea
text: looks on anxiously.
speaker_heading: DR. REDFIELD
dialog: Jesus, no.
text: Andrea, biting her nails, is unable to conceal her fear.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: No dances, just tell me.
speaker_heading: DR. REDFIELD
dialog: (devastated)
dialog: The hemorrhaging... the neural damage
dialog: is irreparable. I'm frankly surprised
dialog: he still has use of his motor
dialog: functions.
text: Andrea begins to break down in tears. Evan secretly listens
text: in from the hallway.
text: His gaunt face looks deep in thought. He takes a breath and
text: enters the lab, making sure not to look directly at his
dialog: weeping mother.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Hey, Mom, didja remember to bring
dialog: those goofy old home movies we used
dialog: to make?
text: Andrea wipes tears away, nodding in advance.
scene_heading: INT. DR. REDFIELD'S CORRIDOR - NIGHT
text: Evan sees no one is watching him in the institution corridor
text: as he throws his weight into the door of the doctor's office,
text: breaking it open.
text: Sporadically, severe VIBRATIONS invade Evan's environment,
text: threatening to distract him from his mission.
scene_heading: INT. DR. REDFIELD'S OFFICE - NIGHT
text: Evan enters the office and tears the file cabinets apart,
dialog: looking for something.
text: His nose bleeds profusely and he repeatedly wipes the blood
text: off his face with irritation.
text: Evan sees a cardboard marked TREBORN, E. Grabs it and hides
text: under the doctor's desk.
scene_heading: INT. DR. REDFIELD'S CORRIDOR - CONTINUOUS
text: FLASHLIGHT BEAMS stab through the darkened corridor hunting
text: for him. An ALARM SOUNDS. GUARDS are shouting.
scene_heading: INT. DR. REDFIELD'S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
text: Evan, under the doctor's desk, grabs some paper and begins
dialog: writing in shorthand.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: If anyone finds this, then I guess
dialog: my plan didn't work and I'm already
dialog: dead.
text: Again, the world flutters as if it were attached to a paint-
text: shaker. He takes a deep breath.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: But I -- I can just go back to the
dialog: beginning of all this, I might be
dialog: able to save her.
text: Fatigue overwhelms him, but he continues writing...
scene_heading: INT. DR. REDFIELD'S CORRIDOR - CONTINUOUS
text: Dr. Redfield catches up with the rest of the guards.
speaker_heading: DR. REDFIELD
text: He's not in his room. Search the
dialog: grounds.
scene_heading: INT. DR. REDFIELD'S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
text: The cardboard box is overturned. Evan finishes threading a
text: SUPER-8 film projector and turns it on. Careful not to let
text: any light spill against the wall, Evan projects it at the
text: underside of the desk.
text: We see familiar home movie footage from his childhood: Lenny,
text: 5, has a birthday party. Kayleigh is there.
text: ANGLE ON EVAN'S EYES
text: Getting lost in the memory.
text: CHAOTIC NOISES of CHILDREN'S PARTY bleed into Evan's reality.
text: The world SHUDDERS UNCONTROLLABLY.
text: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LENNY'S BACKYARD - DAY - 1987
text: Evan, 5, comes to at a birthday party. He's unexpectedly
text: gently prodded forward by Andrea.
speaker_heading: ANDREA
dialog: Go on, Evan. Introduce yourself.
text: Evan slowly approaches Kayleigh, only five. She smiles
text: bashfully at him. An old memory comes back to him.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH (V.O.)
dialog: When my folks split, they gave me
dialog: and Tommy a choice who we wanted to
dialog: live with. I couldn't stand my dad,
dialog: but I knew if I lived with my mom,
dialog: I'd never see you again...
text: Evan slowly looks around the yard, taking in the reality of
dialog: this distant memory.
text: He even inhales the aroma of the place. Savoring the moment.
text: He locks eyes with Kayleigh.
speaker_heading: ANDREA (O.S.)
dialog: He's not usually this shy.
text: It's time. Evan leans over to Kayleigh as if he's about to
text: kiss her. Then whispers in her ear:
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: I hate you. If you ever come near me
dialog: again, I'll kill you and your whole
dialog: family.
text: Kayleigh reacts predictably. Bursting into tears and runs
text: into Kayleigh's mother's arms.
speaker_heading: KAYLEIGH'S MOTHER
dialog: What did you say to her? What
dialog: happened?!
text: Evan ignores them. He can't take his eyes off Kayleigh.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Goodbye.
text: His eyes well up.
dialog: FLASH!
text: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. EVAN'S DORM - DAY - 2002
text: Evan wakes up with a bloody nose. He grabs a pillow and covers
text: his head with it as a flood of memories seizes him.
text: Lenny (looking fit) grabs a towel from atop an award-winning
text: flatworms project and hands it to Evan.
speaker_heading: LENNY (O.S.)
dialog: You alright? Should I call the doctor?
text: Evan groans and shakes his head "no". He rides out the pain
dialog: like a seasoned pro.
text: When it finally subsides, he lowers the pillow and smiles
dialog: feebly.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: I'll think I'll be alright this time.
dialog: (a new hope)
dialog: I really do.
text: Lenny nods, still concerned.
scene_heading: INT. COLLEGE - INCINERATOR ROOM - LATER
text: Evan opens the door to a concrete room with a large furnace.
text: He and Lenny carry cardboard boxes.
speaker_heading: LENNY
dialog: You sure about this?
text: Evan nods. They silently dump tons of journals into the fire.
text: Evan steps outside and returns with a box of home movies,
text: photo albums, old report cards, etc. In they go.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON
text: Burning journals.
text: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET - DAY - 2010
text: Evan, a suit now, walks down a city street cradling a cell
text: phone to his ear.
scene_heading: TITLE CARD: YEARS LATER
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Yeah, Ma. I'm running a little late
dialog: for lunch. One of my patients had a
dialog: breakdown. Anyway, order some soup
dialog: in the meantime. See ya soon.
text: As he clicks off, an attractive woman wearing a power suit
text: approaches from the other direction. Evan has to look closely,
text: but it's Kayleigh. A mature woman, now.
text: He stumbles slightly, caught off guard. As she passes, her
text: eyes linger on his a little longer than necessary, but there's
text: no recognition. Evan watches her continue past him and down
text: the sidewalk.
text: After a hesitant beat, he takes a breath, turns around and
text: follows her.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
dialog: Roll credits...
speaker_heading: THE END
text: 
